0lf Cxmmhii
I. W. Steflîri L f. Holter. W. f. Raekmu
Stafford, Hunter & Blackmail
EDITORS.
SOBT. P. HUNTES Proprietor
—AND—
HUS1NESS MANAGER.
C. Î. STEWART, - - PUBLISHER
Agents.
O. W.BOLTON, Piaevlll« and
North Red River.
D. C. TAUL Spring Creek
THOS. McINTYRE New Orleans
ALEXANDRIA, LA.:
la(«rd«)r t ...Aaf. 1, 1874.
— M A 8 S—
MSSTIITOI
There will be a Mass Meeting of
the people of the Parish of Rapides,
regardless of past party orgauiza
tions, ou
SATURDAY, August 8tb,
at Alexandria, Louisiana.
This call as to the time, is made
without authoity, and bindsnoone,
but all citizens of tho Parish op
posed to the present corrupt rule of
negro Radicalism in Louisiana, are
cordially and earnestly reguested
to attend.
THE PURPOSE of the meeting
is to consult as to the best interest#
of the white people of the Parish
and for the purpose of preliminary
organization for the Fall campaign.
THIS 18 IN accordance witl^tbe
call of the people of Spring Creek
and adjoining Wards at the Bar
becue at Paul's Store on June 13th.
Call fer a Mass Meeting!
BY VIRTUE of the authority rested
in nit* us ChfliriuMi of 'he Execu
tive Committee of i Iii«* Carinii, and in
otiediruce to a resolution mlnpt« d nt
the lute meeting of tlio Democratic
State Central Committee, I do hereby
invite and earnestly solicit the nttend
nnce of all "Conservative voters in the
Parish of Rapiden, without reference
to past political »(Dilation»" to partici
pate in » Mass meeting in tho COURT
HOUSE, in the town of Alexandria
at 12 o'clock M., on the
15tb day of AUGUST,
next—for the purpose of appointing
delegates to lepresent thin Parish, in
the State Convention to meet in New
Orleans, ou the 4th Monday of Angust.
And also to designate the mode and
tri.e of nominating candidate* for the
Legislature and local offices. The on
1 v issue in-fore the people in the «p
pi-oarliing canvass, is opposition to
Sitdknlism, and tho proposition pres
ented, is Cora nni;»n of nil the elements
of opposition to tfie present State gov
r.rnmriit. It, A. IIUNTER,
Chairman Democratic Parish Execu
tive Committee.
TELEORAru. — Wo are in receipt of
letters from parties who propose to
visit ibis eity for the purpose of
making a proposition to the mer
chants and citizens, for the construc
tion of a Telegraph from this point
to Shreveport. The parties we know
are responsible men, and if the satis
factory «»si stance is given them, they
will complete this much needed line
in a short time. Tho line can also be
extended to Berwicks Bay or Bayou
Sara, as may be deemed best. The
proposition we believe that these
parties intend to make is, that the
amount subscribed by the citizens
and merchants shall be considered
only as a loan, to be returned by the
company at the expiration of one
year, either in money, or it may be
taken up in dispatches, The line to
be pledged for the payment of the
same. One of the gentlemen con
nected with this enterprise, construe
ted a line from Minden to Homer,
npon the same principle, which gave
universal satibf&ction to all parties
interested. Telegraphic communi
cation is very desirable and we hope
that these parties «i l bo enabled to
undertake the work.
17 Since our last we have been
kindly remembered by Mr Robt.
C. Hyuson, J. P. Joues and Mr.
Marye, each of whom sent us fine
and large watermelons. Besides
the pleasure of eating them, it is
really gratifying to us to have such
evidences of tho friendship and
good will of kiud and generous
friends, and it cheers us on with
our burdensome and unenviable
Many thanks, gentleman!
The Whit* Kill's Party *t the North.
Republican Journals at the North
are raising a howl over the move
ment to organize a party of tbe
white people upon the basis of col
or or race, in the Southern States,
for the idea is not confined to Lou
isiana, and virtuously protest that
they can see in it only tbe revival of
the Ku-Klux and the reorganiza
tion ot the Knights of the White Ca
mélia, with tbe assumed intention
and purpose of depriving the ne
groes of their | olitical rights. This
is the clap trap of party politics and
we have no hope of convincing
any one of them to the contrary ;
but the subject is one of importance
and should be properly present
ed, whether or not snch repressn ta-'
tion shall do any good.
Tbese very same Journals have
seen tbe negroes of the South or
ganized upon this same issue of
race for eight years, they have wit
nessed special legislation over and
over again for their exclusive bene
fit, they have seen them take charge
ot the government ot Southern
States, ouce the proudest and
wealthiest in the Union, and make
tbein the most morally corrupt and
the most utterly depraved that
figure in the history of ancient or
modern civilization ; they have up
plauded while our legislative halls
were made the resorts of thieves
and the home of shameless plunder
ers; while our courts have been
presided over by men whose ignor
ance was ouly surpassed by their
venality and while the executive
branch of our SvUte governments
has been usurped by adventurous
cormorants, whose greed for money
blinded every dictate of decency
and whose lust for power overrdfte
all the instincts of honesty. They
have laughed while we groaned un
der a burden of taxation without a
parallel in history or an excuse to
justify it; they have approved
while the negro in the insolence of
his power has rejected with scorn
every overture wejiave made him,
and repulsed with contempt every
proposition we have made him to
secure a better government.
These same Journals have seen
and known ali this, but yet when
we, the white people of the South
attempt to organize a party upon
the issue forced upon us by the ne
gro, not for tbe purpose of depriv
ing him of any single, solitary right
«ecure'd to him by law, but only to
protect the rights equally secured
to us, the inalienable rights of se
curity in the possession of our pro
perty and the enjoyment oî our
lives and liberties ; they can see
nothing praiseworthy or noble in
this struggle for good government,
and they must needs raise the hue
and cry of Kn-Klux! Ku-Klux!!
We ask them iu the name ot all
that is holy auo sacred, we con
jute them by the ties of a common
parentage, we beg tliem in the
name of humanity, to tell us what
we are to do f We have given the
negro every guaranty that an hon
est purpose con Id suggest, every
pledge that a reasonable being
could demand, and none of thetn
have succeeded in drawing him
from his idols.
We have accepted political eqnal
ity without a murmur, and have
only stopped a little ways sliort of
what he calls social equality, with
out influencing him at all in his
merciless crusade against the white
race. What can we do, what re
source is left us but to organize the
white people upon the same issue
which has so successfully united
the negroes to a man ? Not to
wage auy war upon him, but to
protect ourselves against the war
that he is waging upon us.
We have never advocated any
" League," ami have been as open
as tbe day in all we have advised.
There is in Rapides no such thing
as a league, but if adopted for the
campaign, the name of our party
will be the White Man's Party,
with nothing to conceal, nothing to
say or do that we will not publish
to the world. Tho White Man's
Party means this and nothing more.
It has no organization which will
exclude tbe negro if he voluntarily
chooses to vote with us; it will
have no meetings to which he can
not come aud hear all that is said,
and it asks no pledges but a sincere
desire to secure for our State and
Parish a just and honest, govern
ment. Upou this platform and
with these intentions we are willing
to go before the world, and are
ready to assume any and all respon
sibility of the movement. The
White Man's Party is our choice
against- the world.
That Rail Kaad Again.
The advocates of the rail road
scheme of Mr. F. W. Kellogg, have
secured from tho President of tbe
Police Jury a call for a special
meeting of that body to entertain
his proposition. We were in hopes
that this matter wonld not go this
far, considering the fact that not a
single property owner or voter in
the parish, except perhaps on Bay
yon Boeuf, is in favor of this par
ticular scheme and that they all
condemn it in unmeasured terms.—
To the uninitiated it would seem
that both the Democrat and the Ga
zette are in favor of it. Tbe fact is
that the rail road articles in both
those papers were written by the
Attorney of the rail road, and pass
ed off on the community as the
opinions and sentiments ot the pa
pers themselves. We dare either
of them to deny that their leaders
were written by that gentleman.—
He shoots a long Bow —but is not
the man that the people of Rapides
wish to advise them. All his rea
soning bears the impress of the paid
Attorney's pleading aud will not
bear the light of day. We bave
challenged these rail road gentle
men to meet us upou the points at
issue and they have avoided meet
ing s nu pou them most scrupulous
ly. The question of a guaranty that
they would build any more of the
road after we had paid them $180,
000 to build the sixteen miles from
Alexandria to Lccompte, they have
never touched at all. In Wednes
day's Democrat , the tcriter purpose
ly mixes our two calculations, one
upon a parish paper and the other
a greenback basis, and consequent
ly misrepresents us entirely. He
could not answer our figures and he
must needs pretend not to under
stand them. This is the course
pursued by all these gentlemen ever
since this duscussion came up.—
They seem to desire to hoodwink
our people by all sorts of specious
reasouing aud by trying to hide the
real points at issue.
Now we have this to say to the
Police Jury. The great body of the
people of Rapides are opposed to
this scheme, but not op|M»sed to
rail roads ; you are the guardians
of the people and it is your place to
keep them from being swindled and
it is your duty to refuse to put this
proposition to a vote ot tbe people.
If you do so put it, it goes before
them with your endorsement, and
if you endorse it yon w II not be the
faithful guardians of the rights and
iuicrests of the people. Never mind
about the titty signatures to the rail
road document, nor the section of
their charter, which seeks to de
prive you of all discretion in the
matter. They cannot take your
discretion away from you and you
have a right to say that you will
not put this or any other particular
rail road proposition before the peo
ple. You have a right to refuse—
and you ought to refuse. Let them
mandamus you, if they wish to.—
Tnese geutlcine.il are not acting the
opeu and fair part» of honest men
aud are now falsifying their solemn
protestations made three years ago,
when they defeated Corse's propo
sition, by telling us that they "did
not want a cent of the people's mon
ey, they only wanted their Charter
and they would build the ro?d
with their own money etc." Now
the first thing they did was to get
in their Charter a clause authoriz
ing any fifty signatures to force the
Police Jury to put liefore the peo
ple any scheme no matter how wild
or unfair it may be. Nor have these
gentlemen got the record here that
entitles them to auy consideration
at our hands. They fooled our peo
ple here out of Thirteen thousand
Dollars a year or two ago, by mak
ing contracts with them for ties
aud when they had delivered them,
never paying any one of them. Now
Mr. Kellogg says if we give tliein
this donation he will pay this debt,
aud if not, t hat he will never pay a
cent of it. We have authority for
saying this, that we will give if
wanted. The Attorney for the road
says Ward was never bound tor
any of this debt. This is a bad way
for people to talk who ask us to
trust to their honesty aud fair deal
ing. These rail road gentlemen
have a mighty bad record here aud
their unfair and dictatorial course
since they have commenced this ag
itation is not calculated to increase
their popularity. They seem deter
mined "by hook or by crook" to
have just what they please to ask
and not what we are willing to give.
Let them pay up what they already
owe here, aud give us guarantees
and we are ready to talk rail road
to them, until they do they do not
even deserve any attention at all—
but silent contempt.
From iOur Special Correipoa«
4 ——•
Catahoula Pari ». July SO, 1874.
Editor tf Cauoatian:—
DbaB Sir .—Thinking that perhaps it
will not be uninteresting to some of vont
readers who knew this place in ante bellum
•lays when it was in its glory, to hear
something about its present condition and
prospect«, I send yon this, with the hope
that it will not intrude too much open
your valuable space.
TltKIR 8ITI7ATIOX.
As yon doubtless know, these Springs
are sitnated in the Pine Woods, aliont
three iniles from Lacroix's Ferry on Little
River, abont nine miles North of Catahon'a
Lake, and abont half » mile from Tront
Creek. The air is salubrions, and is
freighted with the scent of tbe pines all
nronnd, both pleasant to inbale and invig
orating to the imp tired constitution.
mkans or aockss.
They are reached by a trip through the
Pine Woods either from Harrisonburg on
Black River, a distance of thirty five miles
or from Alexandria, a distance of twenty
fivo miles. The road from Alexandria
crosses Flaggon Clear Creek, Big Creek
mid Little River making it easy staging
from one watercourse to another. The
roads themselves are good, and are plain
and easily found. The bridges across
Flaggon and llig Creek are in good repair.
Fine hacks and other modes of conveyance
are to lie had at very reasonable rates in
Alexandria at sll times. I bi-lieve that
there are no hacks in llarrisonbnrg, and
persons coming from that direction have
to rely upou private conveyances.
< tiik iiotel.
The Hotel is a large airy building capa
ble of providing sleeping apartments for
about fifty persons. Besides which there
is another itiilding. just across from the
Spring, formerly belonging to Mr. Ward,
which can furnish accommodations for as
many more. The hotel and grounds now
lielong to Dr P. E. H. Lovelace, who before
the war, was a wealthy planter and prac
ticioner on Sicily Island. He is a gradu
ate of the University of Pennsylvania at
Philadelphia, is a highly educated and well
informed gentleman, genial and pleasant
iu his manners and a most accomplished
performer upou the violin, to which instru
ment his daughters, also accomplished
musicians, play a most excellent accompa
niment npon the piano. Mrs. Lovelace, a
most agreeable matronly lady, 'superin
tends the culinary department herself, and
of a consequence, sets a table which would
tempt the appetite of the most fastidious
The country around supplies an abundance
ef excellent beef, mutton, venison, poultry,
fruit dee., in addition to which source of
supply the Doctor has always a fine gar
den at home and gets his groceries from
New Orleans
tub 8urroüvdixos.
At a stones throw from the hotel is the
store of Messrs Welsh and Ringgold, which
is something in the store line different
from anything ever before seen by the
deiiisens of these pine forests. The Senior
of the firm, Mr. Michael Welsh, is a gen
tleman well and favorably known in your
parish as a man of mcans^nnd a whole
snnlcd gentleman of the old school; hospi
table at his house, kind and obliging eve
rywhere. I need not tell you who nor
what are Messrs Torn and Jake Ringgold,
formerly of Alexandria. They are too well
known there fiH" their enterprise, sobriety,
business tact and talent and many agreea
ble »oeial qualities to need any comment
at mv hands. Suffice it. to say, that they
are doing a large business, that they ship
ped last Winter, after hxving started late
in tho Summer of 1873, no less than One
Hundred and fifty bale« of cotton. I»esides
their rash sales, which were never less
than threw or four hundred dollars per day,
and that they are making money. They
deservo the success which ia attending
their present enterprise.
thk visitors.
There are at present but few visitors
here, owing no doubt to the haid times
and the scarcitv of money in the country.
Or, James S. Fish of Alexandria, with his
wife and Mioses Mollie and Nellie Fellows,
Mrs. Waters and the wife and two children
of one of your editors are the only visitors
at »he hotel now. Others have been out
and havo gone back, among the number,
Mr McCnteheon, who lias been staying for
some months in Alexandria. Mr. T. G.
Compton, Editor of the Ilapide» Omette is
staying at Mrs. Ward's. Dr. Lovelace is
informed that a great many more visitors
intend to visit the Springs this Summer
and he will most probably have his hands
full ere long. The ladies amuse them
selves with music, croquet and pleasant
strolls to the neighboring branches and
places where varied rocks and other curi
osities alionnd. with an occasional fishing
expedition to Trout Creek.
thk b'hoys.
On Saturday last the neighborhood of
the Springs was enlivened by a jolly crowd
of-the boys" from Alexandria, out on a
cainp fishing expedition. The party was
composed of your gallant Town constable,
T. C.. D. T. S., of your enterprising firm of
Stafford »fc (Julien, A. B. R.. the able anil
efficient publisher of the Louisiana Demo
crat, J G , the right bower of Dr. Henry
St. John, your Chemist and Druggist, J.
R . of Thespian fume and F. B., the arclii>
tect and builder and W L.. who carue out
on Sunday. They brought with them Mr.
T. G. Compton, of tbe Gaiette who, how
ever, did not camp with them but went to
Mrs. Ward's. The Sulphur Water seems
to have had a curious effect on some of the
horn. It BW» -r'tS tbp. ^ftigh
boring people and two of th« Alexandria
boys proceeded to interview then upon
tbe eobjeet of horse-racing. Having "Mur
phy" along they felt as independent as
wood «baeks about running anything the
pine woods aonld payout.
Tliey soon succeeded in making a race
against "Murphy," a fight for his owner,
who was quietly at camp, a fight between
the two horses, a foot-race, a swimming
match, a game of base ball, a target match,
a wrestle aud a gams of draw poker all for
the owner of "Murphy," aud all without
his knowledge or consent! We are happy
to chronicle the fact that lie declined to
ftilftll the numerous engagement« which
the sulphur water and the seal of bis
friend* had mad« for liim. Theyjire well
provided with everything, bave caught
plenty of fish, and are at this writing hav
ing a jolly good time They psopose to
at»y the week out.
THB nSHIMO.
The fish were biting mnoh better a week
or two ago than they are now—
but the sport is now as fine as any one
could desire. Tho writer and one of tbe
town boys caught together, 7fi as fine
perch as were e«'er seen out of one hole—
without moving and just as fast as it was
possible to bait the hooks and pull out the
fish, and when we quit they were bitiifg
just as well as when we started. The
large tront are not biting well, owing, it is
said, how truly 1 know "hot, to the moon
light nights, npon the supposition that
they feed at night and are not hungry in
fhejfay time. There is some philosophy
in the statement and experience rather
goes to prove it. The small tront hilê as
fast as yon want to catch them—at a
line bait. One has no difficulty in catch
ing more fish than he cm bring home at
any time he chooses to go to tlie Creek.
Yonrs truly, II.
***** O
Conciliation.
The Opelousas Courier of July
18tli says:
" That the Democratic Club of Opelon
sas being the only organized body of Dem
ocrats in this Parish at their first meeting
on July 1st, determii ed that this would
not place themselves in antagonism with
any bodies of their fellow-eitixens whom
they know to be at war with the Repub
lican party."
This should be the spirit of the
different political parties opposed
to negro domination in every Par
ish iu the State, and the Democrat
ic party should not undertake to
draw strict party lines, but should
l>e willing iu a spirit ot conciliation
to nnite with every )iolitical ele
ment of the white people, and tor
the contest, in this parish adopt y
common name and platform that
will give satisfaction to all parties
The public meeting oa the 8th ot
August next, Will represent the
great body of the white vtflers of
Rapides ami Democrats will con
stitute a preponderance in that
meeting.
We were in hopes that the call
for a meeting of tbe Democratic
party,' would have been made for
the same time and place, as there is
tbe greatest necessity for harmony
and conciliation, if we would win in
the coming contest.
BT A difficulty occurred at Uo
mer Claiborne Parish on thellth,
where the negroes attacked and
badly used Peter Deinetz, a white
man. The negroes attempted to
kill him, and would bave doue so
had it not been for the interference
of tbe white men present, the May
or and Town Authorities. The ir
repressible Blackburn, like every
car|tet bagger and scalawag in this
State, who has deserted bis race
and joined tbe negroes, attempts
to justify their conduct, and pub
lishes at length a circular letter vin
dicating the negroes, and making
it appear that the whole oause was
political. The Ciaiborue Advocate
says:
•' We say now to settle the whole mat
ter—that the circular written by W Jas
per Blackburn approved by Vaughn, Wit
tier, Maxcy and Ferguson is false, wher
ever it, states in out-right words that this
trouble was political— is false wherever ir
intimates such a thing, and is all the way
through an insult to the people of Clai
lioriie Parish all the more insulting; anil
outrageous from its seeming fairness.
ty The signing of the election
monstrosity on the 24th inst., by
Gov. Kellogg, the bill which he
positively affirmed lie would not
sign under the circumstances, is
regarded simply as a declaration of
war against the white people of
this State, and as such it will tie
accepted. We will have our rights
as citizens, and not l»e defrauded
or we will have war andauaruhy !
A German, being asked bow
much saurrantkraut be bad put up
for winter nse, he replied : 4 ' I'se
not got much ; little more as ten
barrel, shnst for pTcknesa."
À CARD.
Messrs. Editor»:
Gentlemen :—Busy madam ru
mor whether tree or false, I know
not, never failing to excite interest
in a community deprived so long of
her just representation as this ; a
community feeling sensible of her
ability to fill «ith Hir own White
citizens alt of the offices #hich may
in time be vaeated by death or oth
erwise, informs as there has «frir«
ed one of Kellogg's cormorant» to
take care of the Parish Judgeship
in anticipation of the death of the
present Judge. Knowing it to very
disagreeable to wait fbr things that
don't come, as tbe attending Physi
cian of Judge Ledoux, I take oc
casion to state that the probabili
ties are that the expectations of
this considerate legal tainluary, so
willing to serve this poor benighted
people will be disappointed.
Firstly tbe Judge has not the
slightest idea of dying so long as
he can live—this being his deter
mination, I will spare no effort in
our power, and with the home at
sistance we can obtain, we will not
only do all we can to prolong hie
life ; but to restore bis health and
let the white voters and those of
the negroes sickened of the inca
pacity and the dishonesty of iin
|M>rted office-holders, elect their own
men to office.
I regret to say disagreeable
things and would not give this in
formation ; but that our considera
tions for those so much Interested
in our wcllfare as to leave home
aud all its endearments simply to
do us |M«or creatures the favor of
holding office over us, may know
that the |ieople ol " bloody Rapides"
abound iu syuipnth> for our /rends.
A. COCK KILLE.
The Press on tho White Man's Party.
''The St. Louis Tunes, in speaking of the
Wiiite Maii'tt Party iu Louisiana, says if it
procures nnauimiiity all will be safe.—
'"There is no douht." it continues, "that
the white peopl have now their best op o
portunity. The President is heartily sicü
of tho Kellogg faction. Iu a measure, his
own respectability is involved in their pro.
ceedings;-aud were the larcenous devicc,
l>y which the government of Louisiana
was stolen, again offered for his acceptance,
it is very certain he would refuse to em
brace it. The President is nssured tlint
his administration can derive no honor
from the republican purfy in that State.—
Perhaps his sensitiveness is enlinnced by
the reflection that had he avoided that
mistake his own prospects would be more
assuring. Irritated by the condemnation
of reputable people all over the laud, con
scious of the humiliating spectacle his in
terference with local State affairs has pro
duced and anxious to destroy all recollec
tions of this aggravated infamy, it is cer
tain the Prenideut would gladly see the
imliticul government of Louisiana pass to
the control of its rightful 'people."
Yet there are Northern Journals
who have on all occasions for tbe laut
eight year«, denounced the white
people of the South as disloyal and
rebellious and are beginning to Bpenk
of the White Man's Party in the
same manner, declaring it to be the
remnants of the bloody spirit of Ku
Kluxisro, disloyalty etc. We expect
ed this, because we are satisfied that
any course the people of Louisiana
would persue, to relieve themselves
of negro domination, and the rule of
thieves—this same set of Radical
Maints, would indnlge in calumny and
abuse and wilfully misrepresent their
nets and intentions.
At the eleotion of 1872 we had not
a sin»le riot in the State, not a sein
tilla of proof before the investigating
committee of trand or intimidation,
and yet the Radical party under tho
leadership of this snmeclass of journ
als found reasons to dit-posses ns of
the government, nfter we had fairly
carriod the eleeiion. To such papers
as the Baltimore American, and
others that we might mention, wo
will say that their willful misrepre
sentations of the objects and putpo
ses of the White Man's Party will
not defer the people of Loniaiana
from forming its ranks or making a
last struggle for their Slate, their
homes and their civilization. Wo
can not please snch Journals, unie» s
we hold our hands willingly and bo
manacled with chains, and placed
forever, under the rule of Yankee
thieves, and of ignorant and brutal
negroes. We propose to redeem
Louisiana, aud adopt the means ne
cessary without turning to the right
or left for fear, of making mad our
enemies. We must rely on our ef
forts for relief and adopt that policy
that will unite the White People of
Louisiana, and give to them that en
thusiast ic impulse that, '«ill sweep
fcofv« 'b*nn