BUHMM
C B. STEWART
"TRUTH CRUSHED TO EARTH WILL RISE AGA-ÜL
PUBLISHER
VOL. 1.
4LEÏMMIA, LA., SATURDAY, MAY 23, 1874. IS
SO. 9.
<ssr
ft ff. Stafford. R. P. Hunter, ff. F. Blafkman
Stafford, Hunter & Blackman
EDITORS AND PROPRIETORS.
ROBT. P. HUNTER, Business Mang'r
C.B.STEW/\RT, - - RUB USHE R
Agents. -o
G. W. BOLTON, Pincvillo and
0 North Red River.
G. L. IIALL New Orleans
D. C. FAUL. Spring Creek
' " ALEXANDRIA, LA.: ~
Saturday, - - May 23. 1874.
TERMS :
THE CAUCASIAN is published week
ly, at Three Dollars per annum—
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE! No
subscription taken for a less period
than six months.
ADVERTISEMENTS inserted at the
rate of O nk D ollar per square for
the first insertion and F ifty C ents
for each subsequent ouc.
E ight lines 0,3 less, ( bukvier ) consti
tute a square.
f PROFESSIONAL CARDS.
11 L. DAifiitK,. A. C az vnvr,
A !»• xiit»«<~i!i. Lit, o < ! o! f ii \ La.
° ° 0 DAIGRE & CAZABAT,
Attorneys and Counsellors at Law,
A LEXANDIilA, LOUISIANA,
No. 3. LE v IV."* ltavy#
ooo—
WILL PRACTICE their profession
and give prompt and spécial at
tention to the collection of all claims
in ftie Parish of I'ap'des, Grant, Winn
and Vernon, and before the Supreme
Court at New Orleans.
May lGtli 1374. 3-tn.
THOMAS C. MANNING,
©
o. Attorney at Law, o
O
ALEXANDRIA, LOUISIANA.
ALEXANDRIA,
It.
A. HUNTE It,
Q
0 Attorney at Law,
alexandria louisiana.
M. It Y AX, Esq~
Attorney at Law, 0
alexandria, louisiana
" EOBEItT J. GOW3IAN,
o '
0 Attorney at Law,
alexandria, louisiana.
w7 C. McGlM SE Y,
Attorney at Law,
alexandria, louisiana. o 0
0
w7 K BLACKMAN,
° o
Attorney at Law,
alexandria, louisiana.
KOÜEltT P. HUNTGi:,
Attorney at Law,
O
alexandria, louisiana.
V1CTOK M AGYE,
Justice Peace, and Notary Public,
alexandria louisiana.
Iho Arizona girl doesn't car
ry a parasol slung to her waist, but
lier belt is orrPauicutcd with an iv
ory-handled revolver. There is no
complaint of a lack of politeness on
»the part of young men out there.
A man in the Philadelphia insane
ftfjlum imagines'himself a woman. He
dresses in female attire and parts his hair
in the middle. Duri p the day be associate*
j©'ith the females and doe^ sewing and crn
roidery of the fiuest C;.ind. He has been
re6er ?ed Tor the centennial.
'1 he mut* who play» at onco on the
trump of fame and the horn or a dilemma,
got his first idea of music on hearing n hay
cock crow, white he was tying a knot in a
cord of wood.
A celebrated author says that no
letter is ever commenced without the
ßr*t page being an apology.
Ureal Four Utile Day.
the fastest tim-k ox record
7:26 -7:38 3 4 !
v lJed River Kepublicau, April. 15,1854.)
" The fashion of this world passeth
away," sait h the good book, and we
have a new illustration of it furnished^
us by the events* of yesterday's race On
j
the Metaire Conrse Fashions 7::«i and
7:45 on Long Island in" 1842, and George
Martin's 7:33 and 7:42, here in 1843,
the two best races that have ever been
run, having been signally beaten bv
the winner of the day. Where is
Eclipse now 1 exclaimed Young Ameri
ca, when Fashion beat Boston, in five
seconds less-time (hah was made by
the conqueror of Henry. Where is
Fashiorf, now ¥ We, in our turn, de
manded, as we see her beaten in six
seconds aud a half less lime than her
own.
Trulyoj we live in a progressive age,
and what we are coming to, who can
tell 1
During the week past, the qnestion
has been repeatedly asked, if any of
the contestants in tiie late State Stake
race would inn again during tiie pres
ent season. A feverish excitement per
vaded the community in view of such
a possible event, and the conviction
was freely expressed that if it were to
come off, Lexington would be likely
to have his weli won .laurels cropped,
if not lose them entirely. A contest
between Lexington and Lecompte was
freely talked ot as a thing that must
Ik ^ and when, on Friday evening, it
was announced on the course that nn
àrrangment to that effect had been
made, and that the next day would
see-its consummation, the news spread
electrically, and we found ourselves
again in the midst of an excitement, of
course.
Everything was in favor of the pros
pects for spoit. The track was in tip
top order, confessedly/ The day rose
fair, and continued so.—The ride to
the Course was' delightful. Every
thing seemed to favor the occasion.
From an early hour to a late one all
tho roads were Jiiled by travelers,
availing themselves of every kind and
»Inscription of locomotions. Every
thing, from aid ray to a lour-in-hand,
was in requisition, and they who were
"too late for the u;)g<in" walked.
Fully ten thousand people must have
been present on the stands and in the
field. The sight was truly animating.
I lie ladies, as iy>on the furnier great
occasion, made a goodly show on the
stands appropriated to them bv the
gallantry of the Club, and added no
little to the pleasure of the day—Bvt
ting, which was «as by no means slow
in any part of the course, ran amuslng
iy high in this department o@lt, and
we saw many anii-Lecomte bets most
cheerfully and smilingly paid by laugh
ing lost is, while many musical remind
ers that Lcxggton had lost suggested
to as many overtaken gentlemen that.
" placent iijc dawesf" should be their mot
to in setting their books. We grieve
to say that Lexington, by the bv,
proved to bo the favorite among the
ladies, who, we will do them^he credit
to «ay,.paid up with- most commend
aole promptness; so far as they could
do so, on the field. Of the gloves, and
handkerchief, and other pretty trifles,
which they wagered, we of course can
not speak, with equal ©oiifidence.
1 he race, of which we giye below a
detailed account, was im feed an ex
citing one.—Since the laces we have
9,
alluded Jo as hitherto among the great- j
est that have been run. there has been !
nothing like it ; and in all its incidents, !
r».n. h .. ... .1... __ •. _ ..îiaml
from the start to the victory, it will
always be remembered as preeminent
ly the greatest four mil© race on re
cord.
cord. ©
The totting was extremely Viv V ;
still it was less than on the last week's
race, as there were not so many Strang
era in town and money had not, been
sent hete from abroad tobe invested
oil the sub', of any favorite. Before
leaving the city, Lexington was the
favorite, at even money, against the
field ; but a few minutes before the
race," we witnessed some transactions
iu which Lexington was backed at 100
to 80 against the field, or 100 to GO
again«t Lecompte. Much money was
risked on time, but the lowest time
that we could hear of being marked
was 7:32. !
So far (is we could judgo the horses
all appraied to be in excellent condi- !
tion, and eager for the fray,"as they
moved to and fro before the'stauds, to
the admiration ,.of the auxious 0 '.hou-,
saudâ. I
The drum taps ; and tl.Q horses '
dash of^with a rush for the first heat,
aud on passing the first turn Lecomte
led, Lexington being second, and Rube
trailing behind, but at as fast a gait
and as bold p 'i stride as he could well
accomplis!**© Their positon «lui uot
vary tor nearly three miles, allln ugh
the pace increased ; the space between
the horses at time increasing aud di
minishing Lexington several times
making a brush to take the lead, but
Lecompte increasing Iiis speed to pie
veut it. On enteimg the fourth mile
and on th*? back stretch of it, Lexing,
ton partially closed the gap that Le-;
comte hud opeueti' on him. aud at
tempted to ont/ont him. The attempt
was immense, und elicited the loudest
encomiitms of Lexington's friend«* and
backers; but it was ineff<-ctual. The
spur was freely used to induce hin to
do what his "friends ejaijmd for him,
thiit he was the fastes» horse in the
world at :i »rush ; but L^comte baffled
j all his efforts, kept the lead and won
the ^uni,, - l.v
six lengths in mjich the quickest tiim
ever made in the world— 7;2fit
If the result of the heat induced
•great shouting, Uje announcement of
time produced Mill noue çhtm»r»iiM
demonstrations of delight. All knew
that the heat was very fast, but eUtJi
one of the hundred persons who hebt
watches could scarcely believe then
own time until the judges announced
it officially.
six
her
of
to
it
nn
of
to
During the great excitement which
whs concentrated on the two contend
ing horses. Rube had almost been lost
sight of, but he came home at a high
r;rt** of speed, making the best heat
by far than he eve-r made in his life ;
although, as the red ti lg descended he
barely escaped being caught behind it.
Lexington soon after the heat ap
peared much distressed, as he had evi
dently been hard driven, nearly the
whole distance : but he recovered well
during the recess. Rube, also, to ap
pearances, after the heat showed evi
dent. symptoms that he had been run
ning a harder race than Re liked.
Lecomte, who to all appearance had
Iun.,mnch more at his ease, and with
less effort than his competitors,•• not
havifg been spurred during the heat,
was but little distressed, considering
the «reat. time and rhe heat of the dav.
The betting was changed about im
mediately, not less from the result ol(
the previous heat®tiian from the great
apparent exertion that Lexington hail
made while running, and the .aspect
and condition ot iho horses after the
heat. Ru tie's chance was considered
hopeless with two such competitors
against him. Most of the bets now
marie were for the purpose of hedging;
and Lecomte was the favorite at 100
to 10 against the field.
Each horse came up for the second
heat with crest erect, and with a déli
ant demeanor cast proud glances frojn
fierce eyes, determined apparently to
win or die. Lexington, this time led
the way from the score, for n«*arly two
tuile-, by about two lengths ; when on
coming down the stretch and passing
the stands to enter on the third mile.
L< comte, who had been bottled up,
çoinineneed his great brush, overhaul
ed Lexington, and pi.ssed him. Both
now did their liest, ami the third mile
was a constant strife throughout for the
lead, and the quickest in the lace, being
run in 1:4$; but Lecomte, although so
hard pushed, never wavered, but ran
eveniy and steadily along, about two
lengths ahead. On the first, turn ot
(ho fourth mile, Lexingto^J who at |
that point was nearly up to his rival,
for a moment gave back and lost his
stride, but heat once recovered it
d
pu«hed on with vigor, but with evi
ib-iit ly great effort. All was of no us«-,
for Leninite came home a winner b»
four ieogths; in the astonishing time
9, ot 7::f8J, distancing Rulie.
The long pent up feelings;® of the
nearly phrenzied thousands, who for
some time had been almost breathless,
now found vent, aud all, losers as* wi ll
as winners, ladies as well as gentle
men, shouted and applauded the mag
nificent einliest, the glorious result,
winner. We, yes: er
We
ami the gallant
Hwrcrnin
tills rac.i
j ' l * , s ' 1 "
! f"* e 4«»- - ; .
! '7 , "'J !,v f " 1 " a , r,, f e £ " 'V ' ♦ T'l
..îiaml a close contest,'»an tie matched
against any ever i un." That predic
tion has been more than fulfilled, Ho
race not only matching, but far exceed -
I"!"« ; U /' V ilaf • tl,uu iu * e
! *" ®
I
j Fur , molM tl,a " twenty years, the race
I °? Eclipse aud Henry, over the
Uiiimi Course o> Long Island, on the
~''' 1 '821, was the quickest
i trip oil record. The shortest heat iu
! that race «'»» 7:37A. In Fashion's race
wil '' »oston, oveç the Union Course r
Long Island, May 10,1842, the time
was7:32$—7:45. George Martin's fast
«as run iu this city,"on the 2!)ih
ol March, 1843, and the time 7:33— 7: l;f
I' is a remarkable fact, as Lec^jnte is
Boston out of lieel, that rns ^ire
! should have run in the quickest race ol
Fashion and Iiis dam Reel should, on De
! c «*>»ber 11, 1841, have won a race in this
CI, ,'V t,,e ,l "' e u;,s 7:40—7:43
. subject is so Iruitful ol specula
,! "" s regar© to time and blood, that
I w e must lein iu our pen to suit oui
' ^ ^ ,iave wu
A. L. Bingaman's b.^c. Lci'i)t<jton,
ucssed the best race, iu all respects,
lhat was ever run, and that Leeom.e
stands proudly before the world as the
best race horse ever produced ou the
turf.
SUMMARY.
M etaiîie C ol'rse — Saturday, April
8.—Club parse $2,(J0U—tour mile heals.
T. J. Wells' ch. c. Lccumlc. by Contr
ol Reel— 3 v.o. [ Alle J 9.. 1 1
by Boston, out of Alice C annul
3 v.o. [Henry Meichonj 2 2
J. S. Hunter's ch. g. lUibc, by iui]i.
Trustee, dam Miuslicl—aged,
"fJehu Ford].
-aged
3d is
EHIlGWATIOIY.
[From the Ope.onsas Courier.
The JoitmaL, in its last number,
suggests to Mr. b. T. Lewis and
sridi «d Iiis friends us ate not. satis
fied with the existing order of
things here,, to leave the State—
" ungrate " was the word, we believe.
The y. O Rcpublicau lias more
than once made the same sugges
tion on similar occasions, but tiie
editor of the Journal need not be
acetfSHfl" ot having borrowed" the
idea from its columns Goth these
papers are reaping rich emoluments
from the " printing bill," one of the
most jirfamous of the many outra
geous monopolies im|»osed upon the
people. MouoprdistA, especially
those who are heaping tip riches as"
a reward for party service, are most
solicitous that the party be not dis
ttti'bed. - Tin* Journal, quite as nat
urally as the Republican, wants
peace—that kind of peace that
promises the longest possible lease
ot the exclusive privileges now en
joyed by it. It wants ii«> party in
power except, the corrnptionists,
because it well knovrs that the as
cendancy of any other would, at
once, put a stop to the large income
which, by the grace of the Radical
party, it has been enjoying for sev
eral >ears past, out of the pockets
of <£iir overburdened and impover
ished people. It is quite "satisfied
with tfie statu quo, and looks with
an evil eye upon any proposed
change. It would, indeed, like to,
see a few respectable liite men gi^
into the Republican party, so as to
atlord it a decent opportunity to
turn its own covert position into an
open one. That it will sooil have
to do so without such© reputable
company we venture to predict.
|
An accession ot the kind to tiie
party in power would add souie
'tliing to the security and respecta
bility of the licensed monopolists,
and would being moral support to
newspaper organs eif^aged, like the
Jour mil, in perpetuating the reign
*>f tiie plunderers and thieves that
have brought the iState to its pres
ent condition; but a proposition
lii'e that of Mi. E. '1^. Lewis, looking
U> un organization of white men
n/lrr the example of the negroes
themselves, is* alarming to the Jour
I mil ; indeed, it is such an iniquity
that ft u cuti not pass it by without
commenting upon it." The.! oiirnal
lias succeed er 1 so well in passing by
without commenting' upon all the
monstrous wrongs and outrages
p rpctrated by tiie Radical State
Government sinoe it has been the
beneficiary ot that patty, that by
the mere force of habit it^mighl
have ove'9»oked Mr. Lewis' spt T ech.
But that speech and the logic em
ployed by tli (V speaker are alarming
to the . tournai , and knowing., right
well that the sentiments uttered
will find a warm response iu the
heart ol every true man in the State,
it foresees the coining of a poweiful
organization, born of «lire necessity
and inspired by the instinct of self
prescivat©m. It. foresees for its
editor two alternatives, from which
there appears to be no escape, no
more dodging.—an open, avowed
espousal of the Radical party, or a
stand m favor of the party of re
form. The one involves the loss of
printing contracts and party sub
sides, while the other carries with
it companionship with negroes and
social isolation among tbo whites.
As yet the' Journal is prepared to
accept neither; hence the vehem
ence of its last issue ; hence its Curt
invitation to Mr. L. and his associ
ates to emigrate. Bothhe Repub
lican aud Journal —these pension
ers on the p under of the respecta
b!j> tax-paying portion of the com
munity—prefer the enforced emi
gration from the State of the nrass
of Conservative white men rather
O.ian see the State Government go
into the hands of white men. .
Emigrate is the word, and it ex
presses the • earnest wish that
prompts its utterance !q Leave Lou
isiana, thed.ind of our own and our
children's birth, the home of* our
friends and kindred, and the de
pository of our dead f sacrifice
property, sever ties dearer than life,
and take our household gods to a
land of strangers, so that our pres
ence shall no longer be a perpetual
menace and reproach to •' the party
that is now dividing its time be
tween philanthropy as*a profession
and public plunder as "a trade !"
n.ipi inetë is eternal—i?bt externe!»
of
be
as"
to,
The White League.
(From the Opelousas Courier.)
^Îtî.' Enrron:—Permit me for niyself
and in behalf of the^ " Wliitfi League" to
thank yon for the unnmtakulilc manifesta
tion ot your sympathy with us in oni^ef
Tort, to imito onr race-iii u cause sacred to
the Ireart of «very honest, cony try-lov in
white man. .We believe union to be es
sential to the success of any. move made in
the interest-of good and honest govern
•rent—and that 1t can ouly be seturpd
among us by adopting- some idea>which
will lecouiniwiil itself to the largest num
her of thosefwho desire such a government
„\uioug white people this dPsire may hi
said to lie uni versai, ^ud as we deemed it
true that, white men prefer tlrer'r race to
the black race, we thought they couhl-aiid
would unite, without recant to former par
ty affiliations ou a question of race; and
hence" we presented for tiietr consideration
that issue aioue. The idea is, simply to
place the control of the State ii'i the hrmds
of white men, and to çonihitte upon this
as the leading oliject to be accomplished
Suliorditiate to this is the question: What
white men shall l>e> selected to fulfill or
carry out the idea ? It is important, how
ever, but cannot be decifcrl now, arid
should not give-any thoughtful man sur
ficierd. uneasiness tt*-fire*eiit his joining iu
rhe effort "to secure the primary'object in
\H»\v. I am free to say that when the time
ouïes. I am more than willing to leave the
matter with the people, and it called upon
t<o»et, and the duty of selecting prope
candidates be intrusted to them, as it
should 1^, there is no tear but that they
will discharge it firithfully arid fairly.—
Though many differ with rue in opinion
still my raith in the» patriotism of the
white race as a mass, remains unchanged
Only deal justly with them.and give them
a-.fair opportunity to express their wisht
and the result will surely vindicate tlietr
love of country anil put to shame the" sel
fishness of small politicians. Mottling but
the trickery they practice upon the peo
ple has given rise to the notion that there
is no love of country left among them
The truth is, the people are disgusted with
politicians, who imagine that unless the
people love them they do uot love their
country. Fortunately the people do the
voting, but unfortunately thfj politicians
have hitherto done the nominating, and
my theory isthat the former should .do
both ;md can tie trustejj to do ifc'well.
JSut, asks one, where is the necessity for
a new party—is not the Democratic party
the white party'? And are they not, oppos
ed to the negro party? I reply that it i
"not a question so much of party as of new
issues. I f the Democratic party will make
rhe issue of white against black, it may
unite the white race; ht*t if that, issue be
not. made by them, union is impossible.
Takeaway tronche Republican party the
stain of nejrroisi'n. or rather suppress that
idea—do nothing to bring it out, broadly
hefor h the people—and many will openly
go witjgjtliat part$ w ''0 would not other
wise do so; while on the, other hatiîl, if the
campaign lie made ou this issue and it be
Miccessfully inaugurated, he would lit ..
ImTiLnian who would array himself on the
>ide of the negro one against the whites
Tiie misguided ymuig men whiT are now
assuming the roleof Itepuhlicuns t.iy to con
ceal from view the baseness of that party,
and studiously ignore its africanizing ten
dencies; hut convince them ot the deter
mination ol'jhe white people to make an
issue of race, kui I not one of thern Imr will
lose his lioasted lirmncssuud array himself
on our side.
N'o principle of political action adopted
by any parry has yet, secured success in
the State. Democracy 1<>s failed—Lilier
•ilisni has failed, anil Fusion failed. The
elements of opposition to Radicalism are
divided and distracted, because ot the
want of some common principle »faction
which fully meets t he wants of the hone.
A Republican will not go into the Demo
cratic pir-rty for many reasons; but it he be
a white man and not an office seeker, he
will as naturally desire the ascendency of
the-white race as a Dcmocraioiaud \ V1 'n
not hesitate.to go into-an organization
toi ined lor fliat, purpose. A Democrat can
not <ro into the Republican party of I.oiiis
iana, but no good reason cae.be urged wfiy
lie will not join hands with a white Re
publican to carry out an idea common to
both.' The same may be said of all heuest
white men of all parties "
Another objection urged is that suqIi a 0
•party can never become national. (Jrant
it; but let rue ask^f our grievances are na
tional. To put plainer: Does New
Voi k. or Ohio, or any of the States con
trolled by whWe men suffer from'the trame
cause we do? Do the negroes of Louisiana
disturb the serenity of any other State .'
Are not our troubles purely local and, so
far as we are concerned, confined _ to Lou
isiana ? Most assuredly so. Then w hat
do wc want with national remedies or put
ties to cure the evils we endure? The
disease being local, the remedy must, he
ii'cal. Was Virginia, in the lastcSiripaign,
Troubled about a national issue» lier
troubles were local, and the remedy ap
plied was local. She mado the. same issue
*ve now make, aud succeeded—made it
peaceably, and it v.ns decided peaceably.
It so, why can it notfcc done iu Loufsiana.'
Is it because the.relative disparity ot'rac«
iu Virginia does not exist in Louisiana —
because hi the former the Whites exceed,
the blacks, and in the latter, tin; blacks
exceed the whites? Exactly—exactly for
that reason ! cries -the advocate of negro
ascendency. I5ut lj>t us see.
If Virginia, with an excess whites—
feared-the inllitence of .negroes Til her -po
litical affairs sufficiently to justify her in
making the issue, what have we not to
fear, for ourselves and* onr posterity, if ne
jro domination should continue iu the
State. Conceding greatet dtflicfilties iu
>ur case than Virginia^ have we not great
er and more potent reasons to, at least
make an ell'orr to rid ourselves of this
black horror? Why may we not succeed?
Is the difference so great that it cannot be
overcome? The census of left) shows only a
differtSnce in population ot some 11,000 in fa
■ftlie ILikf,, "Lieb, m si esp;*: di
vision of voters, gives them, at the rate of
one iu live," an excess of 600 votes iu the
State *
I insist that the census of 1870 affords
the. only standard for a'n estimate, and by
it'we may approximate the truth ät least.
It is sitnjdy assertion, not founded upon
any statistical, information, to say than
Louisiana has beeu extensively colonized
from other States,.and that owinx to thin
assumed fact, t he dis-proportiou has been
greatly increased.- This may have beeu
the case and may not. That it may not ho
the case is about as reasonable as any
other conjecture, from the/act, not disput
ed, that the migration of negTnes has been
principally from Virginia, Georgia, North
Carolina and Alabama, and would natur
ally seek the nearest negro lauds of prom,
ise, which are South Carolina on-the one
side and Mississippi on theotlier. Besides
this, the negro is not nomadic, but, per
haps more than all other races, controlled
by local attachments and does not migrate.
Another important fact in this connection
is that the whites ha'v«. .increased by im
migration. As to. the registration, it ia
simply absnrd.to speak of it as a test on
this subject. For fraud, falsehood and
successful scoundrelism, the election and
registration laws of Louisiana are un
matched iu the, annals of man. They
stand out, in the records, a hideous monu
ment of negro domination and mother of
all our woes. And yet it must be accept
ed among men as a test of truth and the
ultima ratio from which there is no appeal.
Out, upon him who would Inuve us refer to"
such villainous records for a knowledge of
our strength !
How then will even this slight dispari
ty be .overcome ? I answer, upon a sim
ple principle of human nature. He who
is conscious of his weakness and inability
to do a thing is not apt to persist iu trying
to do it. Apply this prihciple to the ne
gro as a ruler, ami any one who chooses 0 to
try tiie experiment w ill find him ready to
acknowledge his weakness aud inability
in this respect. More than this, he readi
ly agrees that ho has no natural lior moral
Tight to make laws lor the government of
white men. I assert thi^'to bo tho fact—
wjt hont tho fear of contradiction. Hence
it is that, notwithstanding their fanatical
devotion to party, hundreds of them vote
with the whites. Is it not then natural
and reasonable to conclude that, if tho
white people combine as a race against
hi m as a law maker, this conscious weak
ness will assert itself more strongly than
over before, and the negro surrender tho
control to the superior race? I speak of
the negroes as a mass, and not of .their
leaders, who are held together by ' t he co
hesivo priver of public pimrdtft " To com
bine against him will inevitably bring
this consciousness to the surface, ami in
stead of bloodshed we will Hud the giass
of colored people readily acknow ledging
the w hite race as the rightful law makers.
But, it may Jie asked, would there not
be an element of fear intermingled with
this conscious weakness? 1 loubtiess tlrero
might be, to some extant,; but it is a fear
arising out of his conschinsnesa of the per
ilous attitude of enmity, he has placed
himself into towards tiie whites—a fear
dictated by a conviction on his part thati °
he has grievously wronged the whites, who
may ultimately be roused up to vengeance.
Such a fear is wholesome, and the onlv
guarantee of inodeiation among thern.
l'lie white people -have been patient, but
there is a limit beyond which "endurance
eases to be a viitmj." Let ns say wo
ave reached that point, and make a" hold
»iid unitßil struggle for the mastery. To
issert our rights as the controlling race is
the only way <o secure them.
0
'
As to our hostility to the rights of tho
negro, none exists. Hi: has no right, either
atural or mora!, to cou Hid, as n race, the
gislaturc of the State, which is ihe' ob
jective p'<int of our hobtiiity, and not to
my right of person or property he now en
joys. 1©0) not necessary to tho preserva
tion of any of his rights that he should lie
legislator, and if capacity be applied ru
test, of his rights, it, has certainly been
forfeited, for he has been •'weighed iu tLe
balances aud found wanting." J
Moreover, he, as a i.tce, j.-® been for
ears and is now r.r^.n.ized and in inaui
st. hostility to tlio'whites; and yoc we are
told that we must riot, . rgariize as a race
because such a measure would be hostile
to Ins lights Iu other word», wo must
endure negro supremacy because resistance
involves hostilit.'. If there be hostility it
began wills him and sliil exiats.
He fore closing, I nesii.j to say to r.iy
friends that 1 have declined the tilt at
billingsgate so genergusly tendered me by
tho Opelousas ,fo«rn<il in its last issue.
That I have been înisicprctenfeid is not,
surprising to anyone who witnessed tho
evident chagrin of its editor at fho close
of his interrogatories on the occasion ot' ®
our public meeting; but it should lire tho
indignation of every white man in the pal
ish to tie cooiljp told to "migrate" if they
do not like the present condition of things
and to be covertly threatened with "dun
geons" if they make an effort to change
them. Should we meet the fate of th»
Grant narish prisoners be;anse of our ad
vocacy of the canee of the Vnitc man, we
will not call upon the Journal for sympathy
or aid. As yet,-'however, 1 am • not Larliv
frightened, but am satisfied that its editor
is not altogether disinterested in this mat
ter— a tact well known among tho white
readers, who tauuot be misled by a subsi- o
distal press. 0
1 have no inclinât uni to correct its errors
.and misrepresentations of mfheff, and slid
less to allude to its unmanly iriuendoen
about others, being fully persuaded thas
they will react with redoubled force upon
its editor, who seems tu "love darkness
rather than ligle."
Let us then leave hint with his dusky
friends, whom he may cherish more fondly
as time wears on, assured that his advoca
cy ot their cans® adds to it no material
strength, while his enmity to ours can do
no harm. Respectfully,
K T.LEWIS.
The man who was bent on
matrimony has been straightened
out by his mother-its ht'".