!. V. Stiftri L P. Huiter. W. V. Blackmu
Stafford, Hunter & Blackman
2DITOR8 AND PROPRIETORS.
10BT. P. HUNTER, Business Mang'r
B. STEWART, - - PUBLISHER
Agents.
0. W.BOLTON, Pineville and
North Red River. °
G. L. HALL, New Orleans
D. C. FAUL.. -J .Spring Creek
ALEXÂNDRLÂJITA.:
Satqrday, - - April 25, 1874.
TERMS :
THE CAUCASIAN is published week
ly, at Three Dollnrs per annum—
PAYABLE IN ADVANCE! No
subscription taken for a less period
than six months.
ADVERTISEMENTS inserted at the
rate of O ne D olt.ar per square for
the first insertion and F ifty C ents
for each subsequent ope.
E ight lines or less, ( brevier ) consti
tute a square.
RIVER MEWS.
imtk . Above Lmv Below High
Water *72. Water I860.
18. 33.20 3.26 Cl'dy and rain
19. 33.45 3.01 Cl'dy and r.iiu
20. 33.90 2.56 Clear ami pl'st
SI. 34.00 2 46 Clear and pl'st
82. 33.06 2.01 Cl'dy and rain
23. 3375 2 71 Cl'dy and rain
24. 33.85 2.61 Cl'dy and rain
Oar river shows an ioprovement on last
weeks report, the local rains bave pat it
up ft inches, snd it now stands within 31
inchy of the high water mark of 1866, nod
6 inches of ths highest water nark of this
season.
Oar only packet, the Lmaie Taylor, re
ported the river on a declian at Grand
Score- Reports from Sbreveport 21st
states the river is within 8 inches of the
highest water of this season, an 1 rising
at the rate of ft Inches a day for the past
two days,"the Dorcheat and Bodceau
have been very high, but are now falling,
Loppy Bayone 1 putting out Oceans of
water."
On the 20th at Fulton, (we quote front
the same source) " Royal,Oeorge " is here,
river falling, weather clear. From the
St. Louis Times of the 18th, we notice the
salt of the Steamer Lady Lee, to the St.
Louis and Peoria Packet Company, and
that she reships her freight for Red River
on the H«»ory C. Yeager.
"The Yeager will discbarge her freight
at the mouth of the river." This is the
second Steamer of the " Carter Line" that
has been drawn from our trade within three
weeks, so little freight offering at St. Louia
for our river—the Belle of Shieveport re
tired first. The Fannie Lewis was the
last Steamer down, bound for St. Louis—
and from a conversation with Capt. Car
ter, we glean that it is only probable she
will return again coon.
Our regular packet Lessie Taylor, came
down bright and early Wednesday mor
ning and left on time. 12 o'clock M. of the
same day. "Shon Hein is de Capten.
The Durfee and La Belle aro receiving
for Sbreveport, and one or both of them
ought to pass up to-day. 0
The Selma is due down to-day, and the
Sabine will doubtless drop us out a line
to-morrow, and then go on her way re
joicing for a trip to the Crescent City.
We cannot sny wo have not boats enough
for our trade, tho' many 'of our Red River
crafts have laid up and quit us. yet there
is enocgh to carry all the freight we can
order, and more too—for they are still
fighting one another, and begging freight
np, at half card rates. ^
Then the denizens of onr town can be
amused on a Sunday if they please, by
witnessing the prowess of our regatta
crews — perhaps the " Black Cloud ''would
win next time—" go and see !" A few
more entries at 82 50 each, and tho sport
will be exciting—and by the way our re
gatta stock is minus one very fast and fleet
•ailing skiff—darn that deputy Sheriff of
Grant, if he hnd'nt come down here, just
when he did, would have had lier epi-ed
tested again, try it Kchnack ! and "may
be" a handcuffed nigger won't steal the
next one.
What is the Matter !—The
old jade of the Gazette presented a
livelier appearance last week, aud
ambled off, as though she was un
der whip and spur. For some time
past she has been browsing around
in a quiet sedate way, suited to her
age -and condition. During her
masters absence laying in a supply
of Fi neb beck political wares, the
old jade was beginning to assume a
more respectable appearance than
usual, left as she jps unmolested,
to pursue tho even tenor of her way
in fields that suited her tastes.
But the master hasTeturned, and
the time for the peddling out of his
political wares has arrived. The
old jade must be harnessed up, she
may sometime foam and fret, but
the inexorable master cares not for
her cholcr. She at times hesitates,
but the master spurs, the old jade
winces, and off she goes I
IV* Hawks dont "pick out hawk's
•yes," but they "go for" bpzzaud's
eyes in lively style. Put on your
green goggles old "Consistency".
|3r> DANIEL GEllli cant be
beat io the Faucy Grocery line.
OUR POSITI»lV.
The almost every day's increase
of the subscription list of tho Cau
casian indicates the popularity its
principles; and the fearlessness with
which it exposes frauds and cor
ruptions whenever and wherever
found, meets, we are assured, with
public approbation. We are some
times asked the question, if the
name and principles will not drive
from ns a large number of colored
men who would vote with us, pro
vided wo would pursue a more con
ciliatory policy towards them. In
answer to this we say,| that the*ex
perienee of the past few years, clear
ly demonstrates the fact, that the
large mass of colored voters in this
parish have been governed entirely
in their political action, by a direct
appeal to the prejudice of their race,
and all of onr persuasion, concilia
tion and concessions have not ac
complished the slightest good. Wo
do not propose to interfere with
any of the rights of the colored man
nor drive him from us. We propose
to convince liiin by the inexorable
logic of facts that hi» race is not
capable of self-government, aud to
tell him truthfully, of the ruiii and
poverty that has been brought up
on the people of both races, by h ig
injudicious uso of the ballot, by his
election of corrupt white men and
ignorant negroes to office; who
have deceived the negro voter
plundered and oppressed the prop
erty holder aud tax-payers to such
an extent that there is [ao prosperi
ty and contentment for either. Wo
propose.to tell them plainly that we
do not believe the negro equal to
the white man, iu the science of
government, and tho offices should
be filled by tax-payers, and honest
intelligent men of tho country who
can and will do justice to both races.
If Louisiana is still further to bo do
graded we do not wish the staiu of
her degradation to rest on our
hand». We rely upon the strength
of numbers etc., intelligence, the
esprit du corps, of the white people
of Louisiana for success in tho com
ing campaign, and not on the dis
integration of tho ranks of the lie
publican party. It shall bo our du
ty to use every effort to arouse and
unite the white men of this parish
aud state, into a compact political
organization, aud when this is ac
complished, there will be but little
need of any political alliance that
does not come of its own free will
and accord.
©
Wo have been asked by some of
our Liberal friends,If tho Caucasian
would uot favor the Democratic
party ? We distinctly stated in our
first issue that wo bclievcd @ tbo cam
paigu "this fall "Should -be a fair,
square, stand np fight of tho hon
est intelligent white people, against
negro incompetency and carpet
bag rascality." We do not now, uor
have wo proposed to bo the organ
of the Demorcafic, Liberal or any
other party that has in tho past,
controlled the white people of this
State. It, we should, at this early
date venture an expression on the
two political organizations that di
vided tho white people in 1872 we
would say—that perhaps neither of
these political parties, with their
names, could accomplish what is
required at the present time. The
Democratic party, its name aud tra
ditions, will always bo revered by
a very large class of our citizens—
while, almost as large a number are
opposed to both its name, and tradi
tions. The Liberal party sprung in
to existence from necessity, and to
meet the exactions of tho moment.
Unfortunately, there was consid
erable prejudice in the ranks of
both, such as prevented many from
giving an enthusiastic support to
what was called the -Fusion party, 0
as otherwise would have been
given. 0
We are not the organ of any pol
itical organization, as they are now
called, and think it tirad enough
for the white people when thorough
ly organized, to adopt a name, and
any.will suit.us, that is in contra
distinction to Radicalism. We have
a great work before us, that will
tax all of our energies andintelli
geqoa. The little prejudices of the
past mast be forgotten; as they be
come insignificant in comparison
with the great interest of all, the re.
demption of Louisiana, and the res
toration of her government, in alljits
branches, to the intelligent and
honest masse#, and the expulsion
of the dishonest and ignorant from
rule. The principles of the Caucas
ian have been endorsed almost
unanimously by the white people of
ltepides. We will continue to ad
vocate them boldly and fearlessly;
relying upon the advocaey of these
principles entirely for the success
of our journalistic enterprise.
Lot our friends use their influence
in extending its circulation, and we
promise that so soon as the times will
permit, we will enlarge our press,
and make the Caucasian a news
paper surpassed by none in the
country. »
The Pariah oftirant.
Its corps of office-holders il a filit type of
the many irresponsible men Kellogg
has placed in position. We have been in
formed that only one hundred and forty
dollars has been paid into the public treas
ury, by the tu & collectors.,since tho organ
ization of the parish. Every one of the
collectors have boon defaulters, and ns one
remarked, that lie r had about as mncli
right to the money collccted as Kellogg
and Clinton, and we understand ho acted
ou bis belief. The present one is demand
ing tho payment of taxes without a bond
or tho assessment rolls, and exacts twen
ty-one mills on the dollar instead of four
teen, as tho law now requires. He is, how
ever, satisfied with, almost au y thin jî that
lie can got, and like tho most of his pre"
dccessors, will give a full receipt for any
amount they choose to pay. This system
is a relief to tlie tax-payers, although we
blush with shame for our new born civili'
zation in Louisiana. Tho officers of the
law pursue a similar course, as we aro in
formed by one of our attorneys, that a re
cent appointee, (wedon't know which one,
as there lias been so many) a Sheriff,
served an execution, seizedabont fourteen
hundred dollars worth of movable proper
ly to satisfy the writ, but he sold tho prop*
erty at private salo and disappeared with
tho money. It is an ordinary thing to
seize a negro's horses, crop or anything
else he may have, and under tho order of
the Court, sell them without giving the
party a hearing. Grant should be abol
ished, or lor the sake of civilization, decen
cy and the protection of the ignorant ne
grocs—Kellogg should appoint to office
some of the honest nnd capable white men
residing in the parish, who°wonlddo away
with tlio anarchy and confusion that now
exist. Not an officer in Grant parish with
one or two exceptions over resided there
twenty-four li(ftiis previous to wis appoint'
ment. Wo believe that Grant at one time
furnished the model carpet-bugger of tho
State, who was, we-believe, Clerk of tho
Court, and .Justice of the Peace, utul Nota
ry Public in Grant—Recorder in one of
llio lower parishes, and in the Internal
Revenue dcpait'ment of tho Government
at tho same time. Wo don't know liow
many wives lie had, how often ho lud been
eonvicted of crime or from what penitcn"
tiary lie escaped—or wlio was Iiis father;
nor Ciin wo tell whore this mbinuilo-s of
fice-holder is now, but if Kellogg can find
him—but who knows,ho may bo one of the
Govornor,s pets that h@has just pardoned,
ifso.öhois good for an office. Warrooth
once said, after tho defalcation of Ann
strong, State land Register, that bo intend
cd to pardon some penitentiary convicts—
and t ryQ,ml find au honest man for office.
Kolfogg who lias already aped Warmoth,
in the «lodgo of two election laws, may
think it a wiss saying and liavoa new deal
of thieves by taking from those be has
just pardoned.
The Gazette told tiiat Lit;.—
Such must have been, as 0 the Ga
zette itself acknowledges, the im
pression of every one from the two
contradictory articles in tho Cau
casian and Gazette of this day two
weeks afto ; and such will doubtless
remain tho impression on reading
this, for last week's Gazette said
there " was a lie out somewliei® "
and if there was a li®, wo will prove
that wo did'nt tell it. oThe Editor
pf the Gazette says he " only wan
ted to have a little fun" by the ar
ticle in question.
We happen to have read in Pope
two lines that describe so well his
humor in publishing that article
" for fun " that we give them :
" All fools have still an itching to derido,
And fain would be upon tbelanghing side."
We had already explained to the
Editor of tho Gazette personally, a
week in advance of tho appearance
of his article that tbe article in the
Caucasian had been penned by an
other of the Editors of our paper
and was set up by the printers be
fore our return from New Orleans ;
and we can only attribute his arti
cle to one o£two sources, unexpect
ed and unjustifiable malice or to
the influence of his "proprietor,
the " Hon. Senator," behind the
scenes.
What it require« te be aa
Unswerving Reppiif iu
in Louisiana.
Wo have fust read in the Natchitoches
Republican, the jsad death of M. P. Black
stone, a member of the last Legislstnre
and for several years a member of the Po
lice Jury of Natchitoches. The obituary
notice among his otbor virtues enumer
ates that he was an "unswerving Republi
can". If Republicanism here meant wbat
it did when onr fore-fathers refused to be
taxed without representation; o r even
what it means in the North to-day, this
trait in his chatacter would not deserve a
notice at onr bands. Bnt what constitutes
or has constitntod "an unswerving Repub
lican" for the Ave or six years in the Par
ish of Natchitoches, is a "lesson full of in
struction and as a type of such Mr. Black
stone was decidedly a representative man.
To be an "uuswerving Republican" dnring
that trying period required a man who
would shrink from no duty which bribery
could suggest and no robbery which conld
bo accomplished under the guise of police
legislation. The police jury of Natchitoches
has usually been appointed by the Govern,
or or by one or two white men, peers of
Mr. Blacgcstone, and consisted of t w o
thirds negroes and three or fonr such men
"unswerving Republicans" as Mr. Black
stone. If there was a representative from
tbo property holders and moral portion of
tho community, ho was in a helpless min
ority. That such Police Juries should have
done their work well is what conld have
been easily anticipated and is now attest
ed by the ruin and desolation of tho Par
ishof Natchitoches and tbe affluence of
manipulators. Its system was as simple |
as it was effective, and oven tlie Credit 1
Mobilier might envy the skill with which
it plundered tho public. Contracts for
bridges and other public works were giv
en to tho lieutenants and corporals of
their clubs, at livo times their valuo. For
instance a bridge, tho building of which,
was uot worth more than $300, is let to
oue for $1500. a Toll bridge aud causo
way, is givon to auother as a monopoly—
aud $1500 loaned him to build it. $7000
is given to another to paint the Court
Houso which was not worth over $700, but
this contract bad the excuse of having
been given to one wboso conversion to Re
publicanism had been attonded with more
of treachery and falsehood than usually
attended tlioso remarkable conversions.
These contracts oue would thiuk, could
have been multiplied sufficiently to have
gratified even a Credit Mobilrer, but it
seems not to havo afforded sufficient scope
to tho genius of tlieso architects of ruin
They embarked upon a bolder plan. $8000
in paper was issued to ouo of their leaders
îor the purpose of going.to Cincinnati to
have a map of tho Parish lithographed.
Rapides paid only $iy(>0 for a better one
4>M>,000 was then appropriated to get up an
Emigration Bureau, aud warrants issued
to tli© .same individual to go to Cincinnati
to have tho prospectus printed. But the
excuses and ways of issuing this parish pa
per, was merely the manufactory for the
raw material. In order that thoro should
be no waste, a ring had been formed with
access to tho school fund and tax fund, to
buy up this parish paper at twenty cents,
lawyers employed t o bring suit, judgments
rendered, and the people required to mako
good this wholesale robbery in greenbacks.
We will f^ot venture to state the exact
amount of this spccies or tax paid by the
Parish, lost wo should underestimate it.
Wo wore informed that $40,000 was paid
one year, perhaps $20,000another, and $30
000 another, and still there was loft a debt
of $50.000. If wo state tbo matter incor
rectly, tbo Republican dare not correct it,
by giving a true statement; for any state
ment of it is almost too monstrous to bo
believed. Tôiat tho peoplo should be era
poverisbod to beggary, and that some
should have grown to afOuenco in the
midst of this robbery,, is what everybody
in Natchitoches knows. The only sur
prising thing— isthat tho people of Nat
chitoches did not rise in their might and
deal with these rob bore, as thov would
deal Willi high way mon. a committee
from men who knew their rights and
knew bow to protect them, might havo
convinced these creators of taxes, that
they had better resort to some other
means of making a living.
Snch aro some of tho trying circumstan
ces under which Mr. Blackstoue was an
•'unswerving Republican;" but they nre
not all, To entitle a white man to the
full sympathy, confidence aud support of
tho Republican party in Natchitoches and
other parishes we could mention, it is not
sufficient that be slionld be perfumed
with the odors of treachery, ialschood
and bribery— he mutt have the »toe et
»ccnt(t) of concubinage and of
course negro concubinage, bas the
crowning merit of all concubinages.
Mr. Blackstone possessed this crowning
virtne. It is trne that when lie became a
thorough Republican, be married his con
cubine. We can trnly add our testimony
to that of the Republican—in saying that
he was an "unswerving Republican" and
just such an "unswerving Republican" as
has laid tho State of Louisiana in rnins—
and degraded even tbe morals and integ
rity of tho blackman. Just such as be,
havo taught the negroes in our Legisla
ture, that to grant monopolies for bribes
was honorable, that perjury was not a sin'
theft not a dishonor. But worse than all
this; that a white man, no matter how vile
and degraded be was, is a fit associate for
tbem and tbeir families, provided he was
willing to become tbeir associate. Tbe
bankruptcy, ruin and waste Of waters that
now overspread Latvian», are the legiti
■ p '
'mat* results of what is termed, in Lotis
iana, "unswerving Republica n i sm. " We
have paid million« to a corrupt meoopoiy,
the Levee Company, for the pr ete nd ed
purpose of building levee* - m o n ey enongfc
to have made onr levees as stable as the
dikes of Holland, wbieh ttuyr have eooly
divided among themselves and left the
levees ss they were left after the wear and
tear of fifteen years. Loaf before the wa
ter had reached anything like the water
of 1857 and 1858, when no one was hurt—
the entire Mississippi coast in Louisiana is
laid waste and we are told it is because
"the pressure of the water is too great."
The poor of New Orleans are made to pay
tribute.to another monopoly, the 8langh
ter HonSe Company. The commerce of
New Orleans is made tributary to another
monopoly—Tbe Sugar Shed Company.
Even the printing press, that engine of
freedom, is made an instrument of Monop
oly, and the New Orleans Republican, de
votes its pages to singing praises to tbe
honesty and economy of the putfWiich
pays it twice tbe prico for^P|9g I0r
which others are willing to do it. But
the printing press is made *a still further
engine of oppression and robbery. After
paying the New Orleans Republican twice
as mnch as the printing and binding is
worth, every worthless penny Republican
paper throughout tbe State is paid $1000
to $1500, to re-print the laws already in
book form, and citizens reported free, are
told, all yonr printing must be done in
these papers. Yon mnst contribute to the
ease, comfort, Inxnry and riotous living
ot the vampires who are feeding upon
your vitals. We wish we conld stop tbe
its-detail of Republican vampires here, but
there is still another,^perhaps^ won» than
®"
Gambling, that hell of vices, is pano
plied iu the armor and authority of the
State, and erected into a monopoly to rob
and corrupt and demoralize the citizens of
State, nnd all who may come within ber
baleful atmosphere. The Louisiana Lot
tery Company— tbe fit child of the brib
ery which brought it into being, and of
that legislature which refused to re cog
nixo bribery as u crime.
There is but little difference between
gentlemen, whether they are republicans
or democrats. Nor is there mnch differ
ence iu the political issues which divide
them, and in spite çf any difference of po
lilical opinion, we can respect the thou
sands of Republicans in tbe North, as hon
est, upright and hanorable. Feeling them
selves to bo such, they cannot comprehend
the bitterness and hostility of Louisiana
to Republicanism (so-called> there, but it
is bocause they have no conception of tbe
fathomless depravity, treachery, dishonor
and villainy which constitute Rebnblican
ism hero. Mr. Morton himself with all his
ultra nasernpufousnsss,conld not remain a
Republican iu Louisiana. The instinctsof
his high intelligence would Revolt at this
licanism.
shameless mocker of Kept
ti
Hew El
Law*
It is sta ted by the New Orleans
Republican, that Kellogg has signed
the new law in reference to elections.
This law makes several important
modifications on the old one, as it
leaves the election of commissioners,
the designation of precincts, etc.,
to the Police Juries of the various
parishes. This dnty was heretofore
performed by the Supervisors of
Registration. It is to be hoped
that the usurping government of
this State, will bo quashed before
next November, and Congress or
der a general election under the im
mediate control of the Federal army
officers now in this State. But we
are encouraged to hope for better
things in this parish, even if we are
forced to hold a new election under
the present regime. As tbe Police
Jury stands, there are three white
men against two colored, and these
colored men aro disposed to do
right. The editor of the Éapides
Gazette is a member of tho Police
Jury, and whatever may be his po
litical inconsistencies and strange
affiliations in his old age, we are
unwilling to believe that; he would
assist in perpetrating frauds against
the people of this parish, with
whom he has been so long associa
ted, and for a better part of his lifo,
profitably and pleasantly.
With a Registrar who will do bis
whole duty, and,the Police Jury es
tablishing, fairly, voting precincts,
with houest commissioners, we can
have a fair election, and of the re
sults we have not tbe slightest
fears. The loss to the Republicans
of between four or five hundred ne
gro voters who have left the parish,
and a gain of almost as many white
voters who have settled here since
the registration in 1872; with a large
numbers ot the negro voters who
openly declare that they are done'
with politics, "niggers" and carpet
bag officers, the conservative par
ty massing under its banner all
that are opposed to the corrupt rule
of Radicalism in this State, will
achieve a triumph.
of the
.pro
" CMMbtraejr « Jewel."
le ite lam numb* fee
Gasette takes up m
appointment of Mr.W. GL
sey ee Pariah Attorney,
ceeds in the first plaee,
liciousand toreed ooni
the wo rds so a* so make thee* re
flect upon Mr. JfcGimsey for ac
cepting the office, and then trias to
build npa logical argument upon
Its own gratuitous assumptions, to
prove ns guilty of ineonaistency.
Now the Gasetto is verj poor co
thority upon consistency, having
IjfcaMsAf' asMua AHA.
uMn DM VpOB oOUK MM UM*
ry question that has been disnnpsi
he&iaee its present Editor assum
ed control over its editorial depart
ment. A blatant liberal when the
liberal movement first started In
1872, and violent radical betete tbe
campaign was half aver— down on
the Çolfax boys, and then waradlf
in favor of them—proposing to join
us in our war upon ignorance and
rascality, the moment we took up
the cudgel, it hastens to the rescue;
vide its Post Office article—sug
gesting fraud in the Jury, we
suppose its issue of to-day will be
down on ns fbr following the matter
up—stating privately to a gentle
man here, whose name we will give
him if he wishes it, that u Kelso
was such a liar that he couMPnt be
believed, and the biggest rascal of
all the negroes of this parish, 9 he
lands him and holds him up to tho
admiration of everybody as the
Hon. Senator , who had not been
hnrtby oui' slanders of him, from
which he (the Editor) h ad so valiant
ly and triumphantlg defended his
immaculate character, it ill become»
ihe Editor of the Gazette to prate
about consistency. But to return
to our subject, the syllogism of tho
Gazette may be stated thus :
1st. The Caucasian intimates that
it was dishonorable in Mr. McGim
scy to take an office from an
Usurper.
2nd. One of tho Editors hold an
office from the same source.
3d. Therefore the Caucasian is
inconsistent and a sharer of the
dishonor.
This wonld all be correct but for
one thing. Nowhere in the words
used nor in our intention in pen
ning them, is the Gazette or any
one else warranted for an instant
in saying or supposing that we
meant to reflect upon Mr. McGim
sey for taking the office, on tho
contrary wo had told Mr. McGim
sey on our return from New Or
leans on the same boat with him,
that the announcement of his ap
pointment should not reflect upon
him in any way ; and more than
this; on our dowu trip together
when Mr. McGimsey informed ns
that the purpose ot his visit to New
Orleans was to obtain the appoint
ment as our successor to the office—
it being well known that we had an
nounced our resignation some time
before. We gave him a letter sta
ting the fact, followed by the ex
pression of onr conviction that he
would fulfill the duties of the office
with zeal and fidelity.
Now after this we certainly would
not have tried to traduce him. We
are well satisfied with Mr. McGim
sey as the appointee and are still
convinced that ho will do his duty
with zeal and fidelity; our only
objection being to the law, which
" the Hon. Senator " helped to pap,
which takes the power of selection
ont of the hands of the Police Jury
and gives it to the Governor, to
increase his party patronage. Hav
ing disposed of the premise of tho
Gazette's would be logical argn
ment the whole superstructure falls
of necessity.
CT* Wo are running "this she
bang" according to our ideas, and
we dont want any advice from the
Gazette. We have no " managing
Editor v and if we had, he would'nt
follow the advice of the Gazette,
for taking away the patent outside,
and judging from its contents, we
would consider it as poor authority
upon newspaper subjects as upon
" consistency.'*
" Be oigagrds of advice on no pretense,
For the worst avarice is that of sense."
ty The Silver Ware display of
Ferguson & Schnack is trnly ele
gant For sale CHEAP—fbr cash.