arfrçfw# of wtrwnm^d p^nr>*<r,-Tmt,
on tlio otber hBwl, the Democracy
are determined to nphnld and main
tha negr o dement baa been gradu
ally but fcffcctoally'absorbing tTio
Oovernm«nt of LpiM«»oä— tb« log
ical result of it» combined parti «tin
action IM» èiweft» tfcat ander itaft
Khallow pretense f of legislating
againiif ëtaÉi tit'tàéc distinction»—
the color^fjtodiwhiuutâ inv— : -
"t
whiten; aflgf Jli|lw%5*drnny of
LonieianalwfléâiMO no# thorough
ly controlled by 'them, to to estab
lish negro kuj rema ^y "» Louisiana.
The iifeubos Of eioefjiv« taxa
tiou must be removed. No taxe«
should be kvieé çfjefctfopriattoii»
made, exÄptto ^ Ml( '
tions of MueCDtnent IfPiKtly and
economicmly ^kMftliÂitëwtd ; until
fthe tax-payers of Looisbina fib nil
have had an opportunity to inquire
ipto the nature and validity ot the
obligations which have been issued
is the name of the (iovcrnuiont.
Therefore, forgetful ot past differ
fWCfl% and easting from our IwenBtn
all heartburnings, let there bo a
■tordit» I union ot all tho Conserva
tives of Louisiana.
The Beinocratic party bas no at
AitiM to gratify, ahd holds ont the
liand of fellowship to all those who
are disposed to nul ns hi this crisis.
National politics are subordinate in
this canvass. Tho vital issue is re
demption from a corrupt »State gov*
crnment and local misrule.
F j M imc L a Huns, Pre«édcînt ,jj
Ar.nmrr V oohmot , Vice President.
"Wu. J. UiinDKMDonïT, Hecrèf&ry.
•R ail R oad.— Apropos of our Rail
'Ropd diseur sion, we publish below
' two extracts from the Lexington ( Vu.)
i Gazette, showing how they do things
In Augusta County Vu.
I m pln«ro of paying tlio pittance (fur lier)
' of IWOU.IKN) in aid ui Mio Valley Ifailroad
through tlx* county «if Augusta, that coun
ty makrw tlio load pay I*or < liu -sum of
Mioiit fl0O,lK|O for tlio privilege of con
A'ffnnting it through ttio county. Tim
Vnllny PirfftnM» a lint of tlio
»•nonnta «wurde«! to the land owners of
'Aiignnf» '■fir Irtud •rtiuitnoo«, which foot, h
up »bout (lie mi in nbovc mentioned.
R aii. R oad D amaaka —The li«t of dam
nj{e* already paid Uy Mm Valley railroad
Com puny to owners of laud along t lio roud
in AiiKHtta Miinm up to $100,(lb) ; and thin
•floes n«t; litclndo lot« near Staunton.
•Vind yet, mid y»:t—wo ivon'fc nay any
t hing more—WO >fet out of |>nticnce, v. I k o
ever wo think of it. Dickon« lolls in of a
character that wan tough, very tough, and
' defé lUh »hj.
Suppose wo bo a lilUo "nly" nod
wnit until some Company cfHiics
olottj'who will pny us itndend of our
Vp«yîng them.
T he It art A hlk .—Our popular
.packet is still stieking to un, Capt.
l)ick brings her every Monday
morn in g to brcnklhxt. .lust as
regular as tho sun risen in the Hast,
just so regularly do wo look down
the river and see tho I»art Abie
every Monday. She is equally reg
ular with hör down trips and goes
"on lier way rejoicing "every Wed
nesday at 12 o'clock M. Her ofli
cers understand' Wie value of punc
tuality in business and as long as
Capt. Dick, and his Cabinet, Geo.
C. Hamilton, Tom Dowty, He'd in an
and Hen Kay, d'.eoso to stay in this
trade all the boats afloat conld'nt
drive thcin out. Stiek to us gen
tlomon and this trade will stick to
you just list as long us you want it !
[Written for tho Vindicator
She ia Rising, Brother, Rising, with
her Banner in her Hand 1
BY WILLTAM II. JACK.
Onr glorionn Louisiana,
In wcitkiiRHN and iu pain,
linn claNp'tt hor faded haulier,
Ami in riniu^ onco again.
'Gainst Tyranny and Famine,
That ovorxprcad hor Land ;
Kiio in rising, brother«, rising,
With her hauuer iu hor hand.
Tn ml«tit t«!«rn of angnish,
Hiio h an worn the nlirn chain,
And soen lior children languish,
But Siio'n riaiug onco again
'QaiiiHt Tyranny and Faniino,
Tliat overspread hor Land ;
Kho in rising, brothers, rising,
With hor banner iu her hand.
'She dare* to meet the «langer,
Though fnemllosn and alone ;
And tell tho hmrtlcnt xtrnngcr,
Thin noil k all her own.
'Gainst Tyranny and Famine,
That overspread her Land ;
Ähe is rising, brothers, rising.
With hor banner in ber hand.
T.in-a mother's voice of waiving,
That nerve* the hearts of all,
And her sons with love unfailing,
Are coming to hercall,
'Gainst Tyranny and Faniino,
That overspread her Land ;
•She is rising, brothers, risin
With hor banner in hor
hand.
t-Jh A couple of neiglibors beenmo so
mimical that they would not speak to
each other, but one tf thém having been
converted at a cAtupmtctiug, nn seeing
hia former enemy, held out Irin hamf,
Myine: "How d'yo do, Kempt Iym
humble enough to sbake hands with a
dog.'
mwa,»ut d— ni I— i,n
... - *-v
' f ' 1 '■ itl ■ «f
vOTmuilICaXTO.
«w***
frvir dealing in nil Ihinpx, we ask a lit
tlo space in your valuable- paper for
the fXprefcâon of onr private opinions
versus your editorial opinions; at the
limo eotlsdeus bf the adVantftgo of
your position as Editor. Wo ask thin
favor first, boennse wo believe your
honesty and interest in the prosper
ity of our parish and State is far
above your personal feoJiug« and pre
judice«, and becaugq 'WO bapponto
know the oircnhvtfwii of your paper
doubles tlmlffcf t^Uff jlffcf' published
in the tosrf Of Alexandria.
Oeöllernon you really wax warm on
the subject pf "Kail Ways," and we
truly hope ymi will succeed in direef
ing tho attention of IhepeOphs, to^Jis
■CUHS the most interesting subject of
llnil Roads. Unlike yourselves, wo
'believe our State and parish need
Rail Road» interring it in many
part#, to develop its vast agriciMurâ),
mineral and- mechanical resource",
- I q the-first place,—once, wo were
trniy rich arid aro now poor and
thriftless, because our internal im
provemenls were entirely overlooked
in onr prosperity. With the great ad
vnntsftes«! soil and clitrato, the va
ried productions— vegitablo and ani
mal, the mines of sulphur, coal and
iron of incalcuhibje v,cal»b, when we
lost onr labor, we ßtuldenly fell; from
thrt'Wohltblest, to tho poorest; from
tho thriftiest to I ho moat thriftless;
from tlio proudest to die mo .it hum
ble; from the freost to the most de
pendent; and this onco blessed peo
ple aro now poorest and imngfno
themflolves irtn.'it helpless arid p jw
erless, because of tho neglect of inter
nal improvements. That one chan
nel, slavery, through which they de
rived their wealth and greatness in
lost, and there is no 'progress for thorn
and they aro on the retrogado. The
money waved at the tinj 'j tlic slave
was taken from them, has been mink
in attempts to exact from tiie once
priceless soil its past yield, by t'ie la
bor of his former slave; wilh flic lnss
of Iiis money, his credit hris left, and
that on^d fruitful soil for which one
hundred dollars per acre wan refused
ffnd now equally productive, vi 11 not
bring one tenth of its former value.
Wo aro constantly told this is b< -
aU30 of excessive taxrilion. Tux-pay
1
j take nloclc to a «mall or large amount
Voro wo not convinced ■tho v peoplo
of tho Parish would bo proportion
ately benefitted; if wo aro to beben
ers of tho parish of Rapide«, this in
entirely a mistake; that you are taxed
heavily, outrageously and wrongful!}
is an indisputable fact; but had the
amounts filched from you bceu ap
plied to Kail Roads, manufactories
and developing I lie general resources
of this Parish and .State, instead of
being applied to enrich tho Radical
riugs wo would bo prosperous, hap
py and uncomplaining, not feeling
the burthen of taxation; because of
tho enhancement of pioporty and
thfl infliff of a sturdy laboring and
enterprising white jiojmlation, who
tho world over travels tho avenues
to wealth and® seel; homes where
there is an abundance of labor andi
I money to pay them. In this article |
wo do not prejion; to do more, than!
advocate a Rail Road from New Or-j
leans through Rapides Parish vi»AI-j
examina to Shroveport or to inter-]
sect thi> Southern Pacific Rr.i! Itoad
at somo point Wesff from I his. Jt,
will bo time enough lor our put in,
when the Police Jury submit the
proposition of Col. Kellogg, a direc
tor and agent of the Louisiana Cen
tral Kail Way to tho voters of the
Parish of Rapides. We are decided
ly an advocate of Kail Roads, but we
would be unwilling to tax the Parish
for a donation, mtbnidy or even to
efit.ted and it is neceBHary to our
thrift and prosperity that the prop
erty bo trebly taxed on it« present
valuation, wo say tax it and to what
ever nmunt it may require to make
us thrifty and prosperous, these arc
the questions to bo discussed and
not the amount, of the donation, sub
sidy or bonds to represent stock.—
Tho question before fehe people is—
will tho building of Rail Roads
through tho parish, via Alexandria.
The central point between New Or
leans and Shroveport, tho point
which in the necessity of the times,
from which a rail road (and for
which there has been a charter grant
ed) will run to intersect the Kansas,
Missouri and Texas rail road at
somo point in Arkansas and make
this the junction of tho two great
rail road«, giving a centra! depot with
a surrounding country not surpassed
on tho continent. At the head of low
water navigation, b&s the central
city in the State, to be made second
only .to New Orlonns, will only require
enterprise and chiergy properly di
rected. i
Wo state, we do so believing we
will not bo contradicted, that geo
graphically situated, our advantages
aro superior; that before tho war we
wero the second if not tue first Parish
in point of weaÜh oat of New Or
leans by virtue of our soil, nnd the
samo elements aifo utill with us, save
negro slavery, wljicii wo do not want'
if it wero possible to possess ; but we!
. 1 i 1 . , -
want tho resources Oi our connti}
developed, and if tL.s cuu o'iilv be
IWWI^fiBWpmSfe^
done is only ft. tfUCrtiow'of time]
building Knil Roads tbrouyh the
country ; which
not only follows, but both advances
and accompanies them in all parts of
tho world; building towns wherever
therff&MiS»#Mling^«|^;f^
Innately located, clearing, cultivating
and settling lands, engaging in ev
ery species of trade aiyj traflic, all of
which call forth the bçne, and «meat
of the land; the mechanic, tho^rtinaii
and iaborw will fll »l kotuee witk.iuiU
amongst us and the contractors wiU
give employment to otir idle in search
of work, git« 6nb-contrafel,s to our en
terprising, thereby literally returning
our donations, to employees and they
expending it for the necessaries and
comforts of life. In this way the
tide of immigration follows «iterpri
son paying but*money: for money is
tho groat lever which attracts nfan
and more particularly pnterprising
wen, tho class most needed in this
country. The influx of peojile, cre
ates new and steady demands on the
soil and inspires lifo even in a dor
mant country sucli as wo have.
Wo would say in conclusion that
we. do not* know of n country through
which .a Kail Road has passed that a
donation, subsidy or stock was not
asked and given in proportion nsthe
benefit might seem great or small und
it. is not to bo expected that our peo
ple who need inost, and aro destitute
of credit, will bo an exception.—
Whether a law of nature or a law by
lorce of habit we know not; but it is
a fact, tint the poor always pay high
est for wî:°t. thcv and wo do not
see that wo should be an exception to
tho rule." In somo conditions busi
ness men make fortunes by borrow
ing moneys at heavy interest, invest
ing in »'peculations and ho with com
munities. The question is, to what
extent will the parish and city of Al
exandria be benefitted and in that
proportion they caa donate. The
history of other cities nnd parishes
through which rail roads liavo passed
must be consulted. This is tho que« 1
tinu which ought to be brought lio
fore the people in all jfs beatings —
If wo can bo fatisfied that by dona
ting three hundred thousand dollars,
we < nhanee ti .ic value of tlio taxable
property to four or five limes its près
eut, value, atld the population equal
ly in ntimber*, then the domUiou will
nn income nnd in the end wo will
l)0 tlio receivers instead of the givers ;
|(|,jg ], (»y^r been the case, and will
bo in this, with enterprise and ener
gy properly directed.
PROGRESS.
|
£ 1/" A hiiiiMiiH p;ij>er gives (lie fol
lowing report ol a judge's Kontence,
lately past 011 a criminal : " Rrum
ley, • you infamous scoundrel!
You'roan unrcdecuwd villain. You
hain't a sinole, reedecming trait in
your character ! Your .wife and
family wish wc had sent you to the
penitentiary. This is tho.fifth tliue
I've had you before me, and you
.have put inc to more trouble, than
your neck is worth. I've, exhorted
and prayed over yon long enough,
you .scoundrel Î Just go homo and
take one glimpse at your family,
and be off in short ordert Don't
let's ever hear of you again ! The,
grand jury have found two other
indictments against you, but I'll
dismiss yon on your own recogni
zance, una if I ketch you in this
neck of wooods to-morrow morning
at daylight, I'll sock you right
square into jail and bump you off
to Jefferson ville in less than no
time, you Infernal scoundrel! If
ever I catch you crossing your fit»
g er at man, woman or child—white
man or-nigger—I'll sock you right
square into the jug! »Stand up,
you scoundrel, while! pass sentence
on you !
. You dont rob both Peter
and Paul only lbr want of'opportu
nity.'
RIVER, WEATHER AÎTD ÖE0PS.
< >s<i llatioii»—îitMK».
I) ati". Above Low J'elow Hi^li
Water 7Si. Water IMiCi.
:in) stni and wo l.ear ofbol «
- <»t cotton oiioniiiir. Kvcrv-tom^ oids l#'r
;l y oW j j.r^pcruu» bu.jiavM
\V 11»t^. '
J uly II. I t .<;a
12. 11.40
i:J. II.:U
14. 12.40
ll.fiO
M. 11/70
17. 11 711
27.4 r,
',V. I fifi
27.7'J
27.60
27 4'i
27.:ii;
27.:«;
(Jl'ity A. ]it'nfc
Clear A.
OM lve'1 took alittk» »tori, iij) a fe.w itaya
afl.i'.r having falle, n tlircn inelies tlio lirst
part of I Ik ; week, lint; stand« (hin moniiu#
ono iricli a î ovo our laut, report—tli<; causn
of the rise must iiiflicate, eonflideralilo. rain
above. The Texas ou^ht to pass down to
ilay. Wo regret to chronicle Ilio low of
the Hteaincr flladiola. Htie, broke in two
near iiecaca plantation, just above Gram!
1'ycojo. Chaa. P. Tnislow was cornnianil
iiiU and onr old time friend, E<1 Groves hi**
the ofiice, 8ho passed hero oir Tue.snay |
moriiin^ and tliat evening met with the, |
above accident. Wo hope for the sake oft
our friends Captain Im-, ami Neil Gioves
who were the owners, that site was fully I
insured and that we may see another and
better «tourner built in L r stead, lor Ited
: Iiis
mm» GRAND PAIR
+\nr- F -* «8- *
... t
■ »* r
• r M
'»-OF TlIE—
1 J'*
Rapides A j^riciiltural Fair ÂHSOciaJtioii I
-AT THE
FAIR Q-TtOXTlSTTiB.
NBA ft«
fit;-in.,
I ill!
s noiJ
Alexandria, .Louisiana.
OCTOBER . 19th, 20th, 21st and 22(1," 1874.
LIBERAT, PREMIUMS
Arc offered for all Agricultural Producta. Mechanical and Agricul^ttral
Implements, (hittlc. Iforrtca, »Shet^p unü all Domestic A1%
mal.H and for all kinds ami varieties of Fancy
and Useful Handiwork.
iv, mmmmi
Of a »STLVKR (.'TIP, furche bnsfetPIoH«l»«iia8i.-- Match to fake place
on the Fair (ironndrt, under the direction of tho Association.
RACES I
RACES I I
, JtlSMUNFRATIVF PfTRSEB
Are olfercd lor races upon each of the ' Four Days of the Fair. Ample
arraiigements aro made lor the keeping of horses from
abroad. All races to be r ritt u it lier tho rule*
and regulations of the Louisiana
JOCKEY CLUB.
—A GRAND
TOXTH.^TJL2^E32<rT,
o m
Upon the last day of the Fair. TH REE it/NGS, and o ,,c tilt only,
i ''irst Prize ^ 100-—Entrance 810—#50 to 1st, $25 to second
and $U5 for the fastest time.
|
|
A <»iS.t.\D LOTTERY î
For tho Holiof cf tho RAPIDES FAIP» ASSOCIATION.
All 1 H0RI/EÜ BY THE LOUISIANA S 1 ATE LOTTERY COMPANY,
Will bo drawn in tho Arena in front of the (/rand Stand, on the laut
day of tho Fair, when a («rand Distribution of
833 Prises—Capital Prize $500,
Amounting to 0,915 DOLLARS,
WILL TAKE PLACE UNDEU TUE FOLLOWING SCHEME.
One Prize of FiVe Hundred dollars S 500 00
Twenty Prizes, One llumlied Dollars Horn! each, secured by llrst mort^anc
on improved property of the Fair Grounds, bearing eight per cent, per
annum interest, payable semi-annually at the ofTloo of the Treasurer
at Alexandria 2000 00
Ten Prizes,Fifty Dollars ISoml eae.h, (name as above) - 500 00
Fifty I'rizes, of Two Hhare.s eacli, of tiie Capital Stock of the Rapides Fair
Association, payable, Of) each X... . r >00 00
One Hundred I'rizes of One Share each, fsnme as above)..............— 600 00
One Prize Grand Square Piano, (best make) 500 00
One Prize Breech-Loading, double barrel .Shot Gun, latest improved—
Parfc er Ar. lîro » 100 00
I Prize, Ladies'Gold Watch 100 00
I " Howe's Hewing Machine 75 00
1 " Hinger &, Co., .Sewing Machine - - 75 0(1
1 " Charter Oak Cooking Stove, - 00 00
I " Puck Hritliant Cooking Stove M 00
Fifty Prizes Fi ve Dollars each 25(1 00
One Hundred Prizes Two Dollars each 2"0 00
Five Hundred Prizes one Dollar cacti 500 00
832 Prizes
TICKETS, 75
,.4 $5,315 00
GEisrxs,
entitling the holder to one admission to the l air, and a chance in the Or,and Lot
tery. fit larger amounts, Twenty Tickets will tie sohl for $12,00. Fifty 'I ickets,
for £:i">,00.
Persons holding numbered coupons have the same chance of winning a prize ill
the Lottery, as those, who use their tickets for admission to tho Fair.
The Directors of tho Association in con-equenco of the impoverished condition of
our people and t he general fltringency of the t i nies, lind t Su-,m- e.l vex u nable to ol>t,:ii u
from the ordinary method* of raising fundi-means sufficient and necessary to place
this institution upon a ' J ^!id and permanent basis—one that will enable them to
increase its sphere of usefulness and attractiveness to all elnnsos of the ]inbt%;.
'J'-i accompli.'!» the, following desirald". ends: 1st . Tho ert.ingnislniient of all debts
which may now he, due by lie- Association. Und. The erect ion of si.iit;ib!e buildings
for the Mechanical and Agricul tua,il iiroducls exhibited, and for the protection of
stock—the Directors have adopted the foregoing plan, which seems to them the only
fcasihleaud practical way of raising the necessary funds. In proposingthisseliemf: tho
Directors do not disguise from themselves the ditlienltieu which must attend its
ex'tf.ution ; but. p-posing their confidence iirtlio worthiness of t,heir aim*, they ap
peal to the sympathy :• m ! pride of the cit izens, espeeiallyof this and our sister par
ishes, and to every public spirited Lonisianian. to come forward and aid an enter
prise, whiclijseeks only to build up ami develop the resources of oilr beloved State.
Tho object of the Association is to create a renewed interest among all classes of
onr citizens'in our coming Fair, and sit tho same time, by offering large iuducement.s,
to stimulate the sale of its t ickets to an extent tliat will enatile it to real fee an
amount adequate to its pressing wants. The plan of The Association Is <w ftmtie 20,
000 tickets at seventy-five cents a ticket —tiie price of admission to the Fair, with a
coupon attached bearing a number: the, said ticket entitling the holder to one ail
I mission to the Fair, the coupon being retained hv himself,
On the last day of tho Fair, numbers corresponding with tho. number of tickets
issued, will be placed in a wheel, and all of tho prizes in another, wlir.n the Grand
Dravjing will take place under tho supervision of the following well-known gen
tlemen :
Gov T O Moore, Judge T. Manning, Or. O. 1*. Frenc'i, Dr. T. TT. Maddox,
Di, Jiiu. Cuiijon, Dr. M. ÜL John. ' H.J. Uo". lee, JudgoG. Daillio,
Ocu >V vil :3 IJ. ' i' .'il", .. " Lltalj
*
•OT.
m
T er Account Steamer Southwestern.
CfiOCKEÇY WAIffi, ALE, POSTE K,
IIAUDWAÇ^; & SUNDUIE9,
From Wreck of StebQicr
SO UT II WK8T BUN.
JT. H. KiKWf M,
Fresh Turnip Sééd't
- m4 ' Wf :• %
CROP OF 187^
■WHT vjicmrmy-Appvi;], y OF
jg+.j ^ ■. î »î s« - ?
ak/i» '
FOR BALE liY
HOR¥AL JOUI.
lv «TIC 15" I ' '
pUOrOSALS for putting up tho fenco
jl «moud the l'inovill« Cftiuttarjr. um
solic^ eil. 7' m * fCDCO t» bo"4t* pfckct
fei w>. Hids to be for r? mod. n pan
nc* Speciflcntioitil ftrt to br m',* 11 *
bid h received at the rtlRc« ofTf.A. Hun
ter, Atforiiow at LawStreet.
Open nil til Wediicm1av'f.^W.
B .C.
Chairman OnmroUfoe.
WEEKLY
For OKAM> K(?OBK, Montgmne
ry, AloxHtiilrift, Phtêvfll«,
Norman'«
Fort ïh?Rftt«jr. ' r
■ Éifn - " • '
ALL WAÏ tlSDIilOS
Tlio Al Magnificent ana Faut/M*#
iiing I'rtHnt-ngcr fcJUjamci:
BART JBJiE;
mHHm
DICK HÎNNOT,
O.C. HAMILTON,..
5f .
..... .Olèk.
LfcAYEB New Orleans -«n'tiry -
Saturday at o I*. M. Jbdnrn^ig-*
1 naves 0rand Kooroovery Tu««day
cvoiiiDg, and A kjxutulria
VVediionday at Vl Ms
During t he low water si nson, the
Hart Able will be rejilaccd by tiro
AJ light draft .steamer
SABIN R! *
F ojp - Freight or V uhhu ^ i ',
A IM'fiY ON IJOAftD.
April II, 1874-tf.
ïtiE ltA-1'IJDES
O
Cemetery Association !
TIIK ahares of this Association afo
Jrl VJS DUIA 'j A tiH encli. A book
of subscription to thu Capital Stuck, in
open Rt the office of
W. W. Will TT IN G TON, Jr.,
o
.Secretary, and with
Mr. JOHN .J. FERGUSON, Tmwrre*.
O
Tho object of tho Association, i» to
take charge of, and-improve hnd beau
tify tho old Cemetery in Fintsvill«.
Hubscription« to the stock earnestly
Solicited. Every f .toek holder is enti
: tied to a vote for each ehnro, äi6Ü will
I bo credited on th&bOok, and rocoive a
ccrtificnte for enclndhavo.
June 0th, IH71, t-f.
w
and
JVolicc.
vin g leased tho plaht.ttirtn o ff'*.. O.
Waft*, one mile below Alexandria,
having iil.iced the enclosure« in
complete repair; we,are prepared to take
cattle on pasturage, at, i eaKonaiiïc riites.
All persons wJift do not wish to pay
pastt»age on their utocfc, now op tho
plantation, aro herebjf hotified to re
move, the «ante within Fifteen days or
pasturage will be charged.
E. V. ilAiii'E Hi. Ili:OS»
May 23, '74 tf.
wmted:
4 WH ITK GIRL, not over fourteen
years of age, to nnr*c. A neat
ftidy girl eu a obtain a permanent
j situation by addressing '' Advku
jTX8EB " or applying in person nt
this OITICi:.
' Julio -7ÜJ. t i.