By Their Fruits Shall 7e%ow Them.
We propose io a series of article«, to
examine «orne of the principle statutes
passed by the Louisiana Legislature
since 1808.
We tliink that this examination wi'l
exhibit n system of the moat corrupt,
tli« mont prescriptive, ilie most tyran
nical, ami tlm most venal Legislation
that disgrace« the annal« of any people
o except, perhaps, the uegro Legislation
of Sooth Carolina.
The. first of the»« statutes in order—
an well as in vennlijty, prescription and
corruption, is the Printing Bill. Act»
1868. page 8. Perhaps this statute is
the most ingénions invention of all the
statues concocted and devised for pub
lic plunder by the negro legislatures of
Louisiana. De Toqueville, forty years
ago, pointed out our Police Juries and
Municipal Corporations, as the foun
tains and safeguards of popular free
dom. They secured to every Parish
and City, the control and management
of their local, we may almost say, tlieir
domestic affairs. It was under similar
Municipal Corporations, that the first
great contest for English liberty was
successfully made. But the fiisr as
sumption made by the negro legisla
ture and Governor of Louisiana, was
that the people in their Parochial and
Municipal affairs, were incapable of
self-government, and by this statute
takes from them the right of selecting
the journal to do their printing, or of
fixing the price at which it must be
done; and confers that right upon the
^Governor, Lieutenant Governor and
Speaker. If left to themselves the pco- j
pie might have been so insane ns to I
have contracted with some journal to
do their printing for one half the price
the Legislature was willing to pay for
it. But a negro's idea of what consti
tutes Republicanism, is what all other
people have imagined constituted a
despotism. The price fixed in this hill
for Public Printing and Judicial adver
tisements, at Oue Dollar, for a space of
ten unes of solid agate, is worthy of
the fraud and villainy, which b ought
o
it into being. Thousands of printers !
wonld l»e glad to do it at less than hall
that price, per honest printer's square.
But double price was not sufficient to
g lu t the avarice of legislative plunder, j
A space of ten lines of solid agate, is a
sentence worthy of the jugglery of Sig
ner Blitz. Each little vampire which
this bill hascfeated, now contends that
it is the space and not the size of the
type, that is the rule; that I lie space of
ten lines of solid agate, may be filled
with any size type. That the phrase
bears such a construction is toy appar
ent to be denied, and that the sentence
was designedly formed to conceal such
a meaning, is in harmony with the
fraud and^villainy of the whole bill.—
But as rotten and corrupt as these pro
visions of the bill are-lhey are but the
outworks of the entrenchment from
which the vast raids of public plunder
were to bo made.
What shall wo say, und what will
tlio wot Id say, of that provision of the
Bill, aiithoiizing tlio Governor, Lien
tenant Governor and Speaker, after
these laws have been thus twice printed, j
and published, to make contracts for j
having them republished by officiai pa i
pers, created in every parish, at an ex-,
s pense of $75,000 to the Stat**; and about
$1800 to each pnper; provided the Gov
ernor, Lieutenant Governor and Speak
er thought it necessnry and proper
What would the world tliink if the leg
islature, instead of authorizing the
Governor to have the laws republished
in every country paper, at an expense
of $75,000 it had authorized him to
îiavo tho Bible tlius published. None
can doubt but that its pur© aud holy
precepts would have a more moral and
enlightening influence than tlio purus
al of negro and carpet-bag legislation;
every page of which, is reeking with
moral nnd political corruption. But '
would not the wotid regard euch a
republication of tho Bibte a« utterly j
useless for placing its pages before the
public, and but a thinly disguised ;
scheme of public plunder T Is the
scheme to republish the laws in papers
which no one reads, less thinly dis
guiscd t Bnt nothing can paint tliei'"
iniquity of this statute and the villainv i
» of its contracts in a stronger light than
the simple rehearsal of the facts. Af I
**»<!.« 1«— i I
ier tne laws have been published in J
tlie New Orleans Republican, and a»ain ' ""
Id a bound volume mH in Mi.> V.Tr.,1 ;
iD a Donnu volume, and, in the hands \
or every one who desires a copy, the I
own«, or to be owner of tho Radical
paper provided it advocates all schemes
of public-plunder, and notices, ns the
Honorable— negroes too ignorant to
•ign their names, and white men rich
with the rewards of bribery: is award-1°'.
ed • contract tn nnhliali «t.» 1» I
" conlract t0 publish the laws. A
copy of the statutes is given him bj- "
the Secretary of State, or he buys one, j ' lll
snd spends the Summer and Fall in re' j
punishing f e ir his
by
to
wi'l
and
Act»
is
the
pub
of
and
first
was
as
was
and
of
of
be
the
What will the world think of the in
tegrity of a Governor, Lieutenant Gov
ernor and Speaker who pretend to
think such a contract necessary f
What will the worW think of their
truth, when such a contract is made in
the face of their solemn oath, to pro
tect the public interest t What will
history say of the honesty of the men
who solicit, and accept such contracts,
and receive their filthy rewards f Will
it not write down such Governors, and
Speakers, as official perjurers, and re
creant to their trust f Will it not
wiite them and the men who have, sol
icited, and accepted auch contracts as
couspiratois and public plunderers f
Or will it write them down among that
class of honest men whom we once
heard forcibly dscreibed as honest
thieves, and swindlers, those w fi o
swindled and stole only when it was
lawful to steal and swindle. So favor
able has negro and carpet-bag legisla
lion.been t<> such a class, that it has
even extended its favors and fostering
care to such honesty, although outside
of the so-called Republican party, and
belonging to a few red hot Democrats.
We know that the world, ontside of
Louisiana, will bo more than halt in
dined to believe our representation of
the provisions of this Printing Bill over
wrought. They ore not prepared to
believe that there can be such villainy
under the guise of legislation; and even
when it has advanced that far, it is
still unprepared to believe, that there
could be found, Governors, Lieu ten
ant Governors and Speakers, brazen
enough in villainy and corruption to
to awartl contracts to publish, in the
j columns of newspapers, which no.one
to I reads, the laws which are already
printed and bonnd in volumes: as ne
cessary and proper. But if the outside
world is still sceptical, let tlicui look
to
for
a
of
of
! Lieutenant Governors, Speakers, Sen
jators, Representatives and leaders of
Kadical rings among its stock holders.
In its crowded advertisements it will
to
j find the unwilling patronage extorted
a
of
silent of bribery, which is well known
nnd better authenticated than flic dailv
news on its bulletiu board and why
it, has it landed and praised the intelli
pence and integrity of the poor craven
over the books of that bloated vampire
». . ,, I
of Republicanism, the New Orleans Re- ;
publican ; there it will find froiu
Hundred a'd Fifty to Two* Hundred j
and Seventy-Five' Thousand of the
rp. if 1 t ■ or. mi . I
three Hundred and Fifty Thousand ,
Dollars annually paid for printing. Itl
will also dualities* find Governors,
from a down-trodden people by this
engine of oppression and public plun
der, the Printing Bill. In nil this it
will find an explanation—why tho 7?«-'
publican is silent about scenes in the
Louisiana législature, of billiuggate and
of ignoiance and venality which smell
of the fish market and cockpit.find pen
itentiary rather than tho halls of legis
lation. Perhaps it may nlso find an ex
planation why the Republican has been
and ignorant negro, who, for a mess of
potage, has sold one of the birthrights
of liberty; and under the guise of Leg
islation opened the Treasury to its
plundering. Ri'iting and revelling up
on the wealth of a plundered treasury
j and upon the unwilling patronage of a
j down-trodden people, the New Or
i leans Republican is not the first pam
pored and bloated minion that has
!
sung tho praises of a corrupt and de
graded despotism. Sitting upon the
breast of a fallen people singing lulla
bies of submission, nnd peace and
prosperity and tho blessings of Repub
lican liberty; it ie not an utfit anti
typc for tho fable vampire, that with
leaden wings fans its victims to sleep!
while it sits and drinks its ebbing life
As if one such huge vampire was not
enough, the Governor, Licntenant
Governor nnd Speaker created fifty
little ones aud have fastened one upon
every prostrate limb where an artery
could be found, aud these have taken
' up their lullabies of lilwrty and with
their iiuio ieailen wings fanned each
j prostrate limb to e'eep, while they too
have drank its ebbiMg life.
; träte Louisiana ever shake off the lui
hihiec of those leaden winged vampirea
^and wake from her fatal slumber T
Such is the lesson from the first page
tliei'" the book of negro and carpet-bag
i legislation.
" Since writing the above we have re
I a c . 0f n' of tlie , ucts of 1874 a,K '
tue three following Items in the bill of a|>
J propriations, To pay East. Feliciana Irib
' "" e *'" 1 &"" n Leader for printing 1 laws.
; 8'^OOfl each. 4(KX). To pay B\ackl>urn'a Ho
\ mer IUad for ,,„Mining nou»e Journal of
I .1^71. $4,590. But it would not do to
Win pros ' '
in
no
lengthen this detail of villainy and rod
bery, so wo find the following wholesale
appropriation, ' For all printing and ab
sin
plundering perpetrated under
I this infamous bill For having failed to
denounce, io terms adequate tJ its infamy,
" ,e f ra »d and villainy by which it is cou
j ' lll " t * d >> '" 1 conceale d. '
j ty Black "silk dreTses"with holes in the
Brn , aH , e mnrh worn
on
vortising authorized i»j- law previous to 1st ,
January Iw74 the nesetsary amount is here
by appropriated " We beg pardon of the
public for having understated the amount
in
to
f
in
re
not
as
f
o
of
of
to
is
to
Bead and Consider.
From the N. O. Picayune.
We ennnot comprehend or sympathize
with the objections and r monstrances
which have greeted the appearance, on a
simple snd unvarnished platform, of the
While Man's party. We echo none of
the complaints a?ainet its franknes". we
sharp none of the fears which some have
sought to fonnd upon its rigor and its un
reserved enunciation of pnrpos* snd of
p'inciple. It is plain to our mind—anil
should he coolly plain to everybody else's
—that the White Man s pirty as now de
veloped is the party we have been seeking.
Io! these many, weary years. It is the
Phoeniv of the Democracy save only th»
ashes nf the old embarrassments, the dead
issues, the frnitlegs tradition* and the fa
tal impracticabilities which have always
clogged and defeated it in the past. It
c mes to us fresh from our sorrows and
misfortnnes, the creature of existing facts,
the awful corollary of that process which
has well nigh wrought our rnin. The ex
cesses, the oppres ions, the reckless and
brutal mismanagement of the Radical era
have jjivpn it birth ; and the fierc«» heat, in
which it crystallized has shriveled and con
sumed all save the eternal gerin of self
preservation.
If the scheme of this parly contemplates
the neglect of all other objects ; if it is
nores «*ve y issue which does not hear
ruddy and directly upon the question of
our present rescue : if it, fnrj(>ig old servi
ces. postpones old d "Ms and shuts out an
cient oMigiitinnj—dues it exceed thesrrim
necessities of the crisis ? If i- pays open
ly that wt» must end the negroes' rule,
does it say in words mon» than othpr par
ties have be»n sayini.' in effect ? If it de
clares the uolemn and unalterable pnrpose
of casting out the tools as well as the
workmen who have reared this ghastly
fabric of mi govern ment and spoliation,
does it proclaim one aim that 3v>ry Louis*
iar.ian s ho^om dops not cherish —one as
piration that, the whole people of the realm
will approve? Our ev'l plight ha» b come
a hitter and crying shame th'oughout the
land All men eee and deplnr» the effect,
and if we, knowing the cau«n, elect to
strike fairly and gallantly at its root, who
shall say us nay?
What would these faint-hearted trim
mers have? They talk of Xoithern sym
pathy ! Do they think it possible to drag
n . ,ockin & phantom from i»s grave and
I hold it up to men who struggle with a
; Iivina , foft M ? Com , ierc „. and ,], e thinw
l'wo'1876! Where has our commeice strayed
j before this deadly hmricaue, and what
f ™'£ ft* 11 , 1 hi' 8 '™? Iive , M >» lher # ££
. I the fields ofl8 <6 unless the blight of 1874
, be checke) , » 6
Itl It seems fo us that men must be
'strangely blind to urge such thint-s at such
such a time. There is no need to screen
one single fracti n of our purpose. Our
caase is just, its aims a>eopen to the gaze
of men. and thiit Northern sympathy
whereof we hear so much is far more like
ly to attend ns thus than in any weakness
or unmanly sub erfnee. We seek to
wreat no privilege from the negro; we
have not in the utmost flight? of our de
sign the theft of any of hi» liberties. It i*
simply a question whether we shall permit
him to perfect the devolution he has in
stituted ; whether the owners of this
Slate, the patrons of its enterprises, the
motive powers of its progress (shall give it
up to license and obliteration. This is
the severe and simple platorm of the
White Man's party here. The world is
free to know it. all. and those who tell u*
that the world will blame it, however
slightly, are either selfish traitors with
our failure at their hearth, or timid weak
lings whom we must not know in this dard
hour of strife.
OP We take the following extract
from a letter of the Hou. A. L.
Tucker of .St. Mary, as published
in the Brashear News. Mr. Tuck
er is well known as one of the saeh
ums of the Democratic party, a life
long member and what was called
as a last ditcher in 1872. All t>ver
the State susli me') are coming out
boldly for the White Man's Party :
God pity the credulity of tlint man on
whom the experience ot the past, is so ut
terly lost as to »How him still to believe
that the negroes can by any means be in
duced t» act with the whites politically, or
that aiiy political compromise can ho made
between the rsces. Any mg.nizat on
among us that stops short of an exclusive
ly White Miin'ü Party is doomed to an
! ignominious defeat, it will not have th>
support of the people, because it will lack
the qualities that command respect. It
will show that it has not the courage lu
accept theis^ue which tne negro poty ha*
tendered—that it prefers to cringe belure
the arroyauce ot the neuro rather than to
command his deference by lioldly accept
ing the gunge which he has thrown down.
Very respectfully,
A. L. TÜCKER.
Demockatic Central Committee.—
We publish on the first page of this
' S8UO °f °u r paper an able editorial
published in the Shreveport times,
in relation to the call of the State
Den ocratic Executive Committee,
for a Convention to assemble in
New Orleans in August n#>xf, and it
seems to ns that i( is time for the De
mocratic leaders to give way to the
loud and strengthening ''etnand fora
convention over which no party chief
will preside ; at which no party niea
sure will be considered, into which
no party tradition will enter.—[Bra
shear News.
EF 3 There was an alarm of fire
on Tuesday night, just as the storm
was at its height, and our gallant
■
Firemen were promptly out, but it ;
proved to be only a chimney on fire.
DIED:
On Tuesday, the 28th inst., in
this Parish. Orestes K. Hawley,
Clerk ot the Court of Rapides
Parish
BZVSB, WEATH1E AND CROPS.
Otcillation—39.06.
date . Above Low Below High
Water 72. Water 1866.
104/)
26. 10.00
27. 9 60
28. 9.10
29. 8.50
30. 7.90
31. 7.:w
28.66
29.06
29 46
29.96
30.56
31.16
31.76
July 25. 10 Ai) 28.66 Clear &, Warm
Clear »1-, warm
Our river for the past week shows a fall
of over three feet, and it won't be long be
fore 8aod bars, those terrible pests to navi
gation will begiu to exhibit themselves.—
On her last trip up our handsome little
Grand Ecore Packet broke her shaft, which
was discovered by the engineer oil the ar
rival of the boat at our landing. Capt.
Sinnott not deeming it safe to go through
he transferred his freight to the Lotus No.
3, and laid over until Wednesday, leaving
at his usual time. Capt. Sinnott, assured
us he would leave New Orleans on time
and arrive here Monday .bill, probably with
another boat, as he will have to lay the
Sabine up for repairs. The Texas will be
down to night or to-morrow—l<otus about
Wednesday. The Carrie A. Thorn passed
np yesterday, with a fine trip—ahe bad a
lighter in tow anticipating trouble ou O
K., bar. The rates through were at one
card.
The weather for the past week has been
very warm, the thermometer on one or two
days, in the shade, stood at 100°.
Crops are still doing well The cater
pillar is seen in small numbers all over the
Parish, but are not. <li>iutr any damage.
ï¥e w ADVERTISEMENTS
PROPOSAL!
IN ACCORDANCE WITH A RE30
lution of the Police Jury of date Ju
ly 10th 1874. Sealed Proposals for fit
ting up Clerk's Office, with fixtures ac
cording to plans and specifications, to
be there exhibited, will be received Dp
to August 15th 1874, by
J. W. OSBORN,
R. P. HUNTER,
CHAS. OWEN,
appointed to superintend the same.
The committee reserve the right to
reject any and all bids.
Préposais t» he addressed to Charles
Owen, Clerk's Office, Alexandria.
Alexandria, Aug. 1st.
Fresh Turnip Seed !
CHOP OF 1874.
JUST RECEIVED-A SUPPLY OF
FOR SALE BY—
HE^RY St. JOHN.
ECLIPSESTABLE!
NELS. TAYLOR,—Proprietor.
Corner 3d & DeSOTO Sis.,
ALEXANDRIA, LOUISIANA.
Carriages.
Buggies and
to bet.
Horses
HOUSES KEPT BY DAY, WEEK OR MONTH.
The Stable is tlio largest and most com
fortable in the State.
Particular attention paid to Horeea left on
keep, or for SALE.
To DROVERS!
Splendid Mule Pens—Will
rent Stalls by day or
week for Horses.
Iloracs, Carriages. Bugçie* and
Harnes»,
Always on hand and for SALE.
July 25th, 1874.
WfcEKLY SATU RDAY PACKËT
For GRAND ECORE, Montgome
ry, Alexandria. Pineville,
Norman's Harbin's,
Fort DeRussy.
AND
ALL WAY LANDINGS.
The Al Magnificent and Fast Run
ning Passenger Steamer
S -A. BIZET
I«
■CBOH
abi:
E!
-A-IBIILT
DICK SINNOT, Master.
G. C. HAMILTON, Clerk.
LEAVES New Orleans every
Saturday at 5 P. M. Returning—
leaves Grand Ecore every Tuesday
evening, and Alexandria every
Wednesday at 12 M.
For Freight or Passage
APPLY ONBOARD.
April II, 1874-tf.
NOTICE
TJROPOSALS for putting up the fence
"'«^»«villeCemeterv.
around the Pineville Cemetery, arc
solicited. The feneo to be a picket
fence. Bids to tie for so much a pan
nel. Specifications are to be seen, and
bids received at the office of R. A. Hun
ter, Attoruew at Law—Front Street.
Onen until Wednesdsv 22d.
R C. HYNSON,
CbiÎTiar» CornnTiftA«!
second grajvd faib
-OF TriJE-r.
" J * ' *
Rapides Agricultural Fair Association!
—AT THE*.
n :
i.ü
—NEAB
Alexandria, Louisiana.
OCTOBER 19th, 20th, 21st and 22d, 1874,
LIBERAL PREMIUM^
Are offered for all Agricultural Producta. Mechanical and Agricultural
Implements, Cattle. Hontes, Sheep and all Domestic Ani
mals. and tor all kinds and varieties of Fan cy
and Useful Handiwork,
Of a SILVER CUP, for the best Plou9hnuiM.«-Match to take place
on the Fair Grounds, under the direction of the A Men ti o n
T T
REMUNERATIVE PURSES
Are offered tor races upon each ot the Four Days of the Fair. Ample
arrangements are made lor the keeping of horses from
abroad. All races to be run under the rules
and regulations 'of the Louisiana
JOCKEY CLUB.
—A GRAND—
TnTTT?.-Nr A -Twrrn-NPT^
Upon the last day of the Fair. THREE RINGS, and one tilt only.
First Prize $100— Entra nee iW— $50 to let 4 $25 to second
awl $25 for tlie fastest tioie.
a grand lottery !
For the Belief of the BAPXDZS FAIS ASSOCIATION.
AUTHORIZED BY THE LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY COSfPANY,
Will be drawn in the Arena in front of the Grand Stand, on die last
day of the Fair, when a Grand Distribution of
838 Prizes—Capital Prize $500,
Amounting to 5,920 DOLLARS,
WILL TAKE PLACE UNDER THE FOLLOWING SCHEME,
One Prize of Five Hnqdred Dollars $500 00
Twenty Prizes, One Hundred Dollars Bond each, secured 1>v first mortgage
on improve«! property of the Fuir Grounds, bearing eight per cent, per
aiuiiim interest, payable semi-annually al tli»* uföue of the Treasurer
at Alexandria 2000 00
Ten Prizes, Fifty Dollars Hond each, (same «« felinve) 500 00
Fifty Prizes, of Two Shares each, of the Capital Stock of the Rapides Fair
Association, payable $5 00 each 500 00
One Hundred Prizes of Une Share each, f«nine as above) 500 00
One Prize Grand Square Piano, (best make) 500 00
One Prize Hreech-Loadiiig, double barrel Shot Gun, latest improved
Parker & liro loo 00
I Prize, Ladies' Gold Watch JOO 00
) " llowe's Sewing Machine : 75 00
1 " Singer & Co., Sewing Machine 75 00
1 " Charter Oak Cooking Stove 60 00
I " Buck Brilliant Cooking Stove «0 00
Fifty Prizes Five Dollars each 350 00
One Hundred Prizes Two Dollars each 200 00
Five Hundred Frizes one Dollar each 5Ö0 00
838 Prizes $5,920 00
TICKETS, 7S CJ3ÜTXS.
entitling tlie holder to one admission to the Fair, anil a chance in the Grand Lot
tery. In larger amounts, Twenty Tickets will be sold for $12.00. Fifty Tickets
for $25,00.
P«rsons holding numbered coupons have the same chance of winning a prize iu
the Lottery, as those who use tlieir tickets for admission to the Fair.
The Directors of the Association in conséquence of the impoverished condition of
our people and the general stringency of the times, find themselves unable to obtain
from the ordinary methods of raising funds—means sufficient and necessary to place
this institution upon a solid and permanent basis—one that will enable tliew to
increase its sphere of usefulness and attractiveness to all claesei of the public.
To accomplish the following desirable ends: 1st. The extinguishment of all debts
which may now be due by the A8s<iciabion. 2nd. The erection of suitable buildings
for the Mechanical and Agricnltuaal products exhibited, and for the protection of
stock—the Directors have adopted the foregoing plan, which seems to tiicm the only
feasible and practical way of raising the necessary funds. !n proposing tills scheme tlio
Directors do not disguise from themselves the difficulties which must attend its
exécution ; but reposing their confidence in the worthiness.of tlieir aims, they ap
peal to the sympathy and pride of the citizens, especially of this and our sister par
ishes, and to every public spirited Louisianian. tn co;ne forward and aid an ent«r
prise, wJiichJsp.-ks only to build lip and develop the resources of our beloved State.
The object of the Association isnto create a renewed interest among all classes of
our citizens in our coming Fair, and at the same time, by offering large iiifliic.ments,
to stimulate the sale of Its tickets to an extent that will enable it to realize an
amount adequate to its pressing wants. The plan of The Association is to issue 20,
000 tickets at seventy dive cents a ticket—the price of admission to the Fair, with à
coupon-attached bearing a number: the said ticket entitling tlie holder to one ad
mission to the Fair, the cou pu u being retained by liimNelf.
On the last day of the Fair, numbers corresponding with the number of tickets
issued, will be placed in a wheel, and all of the prizes in another, wh«n the Grand
Drawing will take place under the supervision of the following well-known gen
t leinen:
Gov T. O Moore, Jodge T. C. Manning. Dr. G. E. Frsncb, Dr. T. TI. Maddox,
Dr- CsiaoB. Dr. H. St. Jolts. T. TF J indeed Ha'!'»-»
Trr«. M n.'«î!s, I> r P»„:, A !* 0 r >«in