THE CALL of the NORTH
It published evsry Wednesday by the Call of the North Publishing Co., St. Paul, Minnesota,
and will stand for American institutions, principles, -ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, but to shake up people’s minds; to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
Newsxof truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by serious
people. ' ,
THE CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give 'the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN. - . - - - EditoF In Chief
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST ~Z
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— By Mail $2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquires to EDITOR. CALL OF THE NORTH, Post
Office Box 172, St. Paul, Minnesota. '
“WESTERN CIVILIZATION AT DANGER POINT”
“Western •civilization, having overthrown its old authorities and idols,
stands at the danger point before the birth of-a hew order,” Glen Frank,
edior of the Century Magazine, told Twin City alumni of Northwestern
University, meeting at the Curtis hotel recently.
In battering down many of its old standards, Mr. Frank said the world
has thrown up sufficient raw material for a new renaissance and a new refor
mation. He expressed doubt, however, that the world would take advantage
of its opportunities. '
Quoting Mr. Frank again, “Having bowled over a lot of old authorities
looking for the new, we are confronted by two dangers. The first is that
we may try to beat a hasty retreat to the old shelters, and the second, that
we may give up and go fun-hunting. If the fun-hunting is based only on a
desire to forget our troubles, it may be dangerous. If, however, it is based
on insight and understanding, it may be very well that it is the thing the
world needs.”
Modern prophets attempting to foretell the future of the race are
divided into three schools, Mr. Frank said. The first holds the conviction
that we are headed into a new dark age, the second holds the idea expressed
by H. G. Wells that we are plunged into an era of unbridled frivolity, and
the third that civilization is in the morning hours of a new renaissance.
Speaking at a convocation at the University of Minnesota, later, Mr.
Frank called for complete freedom of speech, assembly and press.
“It is well to understand,” he said, “that there must be those in de
mocracy who have radical ideas. They dispel stagnation and arouse con
eervatives to better government. The American people, as a whole, hays
common sense. Above all they are not rattle-brained type which waits for
the raving fanatic to set them afire with radical ideas.” I
-K-K . |
“THE GREATEST NATIONAL QUESTION”
Senator George Wharton Pepper of Pennsylvania, told the Women’s
Roosevelt Republican club of Illinois some few days ago that prohibition
enforcement is, perhaps, at the moment, the greatest national question.
“It is the manifest duty of all executive officers of state and nation to
use all the resources at their command to make the law a reality and not a
sham,” said the Pennsylvania senator. “I have heard a lot of talk about
amending the Volstead act, but I have never seen a concrete proposal on
that subject which seemed to me either socially wise or constitutionally
sound. I have enough confidence in the judgment and self-control of our
people to believe that in 10 years’ time those who now break the law will
either have changed their point of view, dted or become unpopular.” j
-K-K |
Once there was a private who said the army helped him win the war.
Recently we met a fellow who admitted that the Protestants HELPED the
Knights of Columbus defeat the Germans in the late war. L
-K-K
THE BIBLE, THE FOUNDATION j
OF THE AMERICAN REPUBLIC
Upon the principles of the Bible, they founded" their Civil and
Religious institutions, and the first American Public Schools were r
founded by law for the expressed purpose of teaching American j
children to read “The Scriptures.” (
For over half a century the only book in any American Public ! 1
School was the Bible, from which the boys and girls who became the y
fathers and mothers of the American Revolution learned their letters I
and to spell and to read in their little log school houses, as did I *
Abraham Lincoln in the little log cabin where he was born, learn , his j
letters, then to spell and read out of his mother’s old English Bible, 1
at her knees and before he was ten years old, when she died, he had j
read it through three times. J
Because of their Bible education the children of Colonial times K
became fit to become the founders of the American Republic which
they founded upon the principles of the Bible, the basis of all moral f
laws in all- civilized lands, and because* Abraham Lincoln was imbued
with the teachings of the Bible from his mother’s breast to the day
of her death, he was fitted to become the savior of his country, and
the Liberator of a race from human slavery, the best-loved American „
that ever lived.
If America is to remain the America of Washington, who de
clared: “It is impossible to govern the world without God and the
Bihle,” and of Lincoln, who said: “In regard to The Great Book, I
have only to say that it is the best book which God has given to men,”
then this book must be reopened to the children of America in the
Public Schools of our Republic, as it was open to them from the
foundation of our nation, until foreign influences interfered seeking
to supplant American Public Schools with sectarian parochial schools.
The message of - President U. S. Grant to the children of Ameri
ca, sent in response to a request for a Centennial message to them,
should be inscribed over the doorway of every American Public School,
as follows:
Hold fast to the Bible as the sheet anchor of you liberties;
write its precepts on. your hearts and practice them in your lives.
To the influence of this book we are indebted for the progress made in
civilization, and to this we must look as our guide in the future."
The Truth That Makes Men Free is the only thing that can
keep them free, and the Bible is the only bulwark of liberty, in the
present and for the future as it has been in the past.—Searchlight.
-K-K-,
It would be fine if some parents were as much concerned about the
welfare of their children as they are their chickens.
-K-K
An investigation revealed that ONLY seven per cent of the men and
women behind the bars of penal institutions of this country were public
school graduates. Where are you sending your children—to the American
school or the other kind?
-K-
- editor was in Winona recently and there heard about an inter
esting incident. A Jew was “cussing” Klansmen in a most “tolerant" man
ner. He said presently loud enough so that several in a Winona hotel heard
him, “Show me a Klansman and I show you a blankety blank cowaTd.” A
Minneapolis traveling salesman who happened to be a Klansman heard the
Hebrew “spouting." The six-foot Klansman stepped up to the Jew and
said, “I’m a Klansman, now show me the blankety blank coward." “Ikey"
registered considerable mental uncertainty, but finally forced his tongue into
action so that he could speak, and said, “Veil, Meester, yust look at me."
~ K-K-K
If Heavyhash of the St. James “Windypendent” would drink a “home
- brew ” made according to the following recipe he could write an anti-Klan
editorial with a steamshovel “kick:" Hunt for 13 days in the vicinity of a
slough to get a sense of scents. Later chase three bullfrogs down an un
lighted alley and gather the “hops." Place “hops" in a twenty-gallon jar
and add one gallon of floorwax, three quarts of carefully selected tacks, a
large piece of black baric and seven bars of yellow laundry soap. Let mix
ture stand until the blue moon shines in full. Then scrub a mule with the
concoction so that.it will absorb some “kicks." Now strain mixture through
an I. W. W. sock eo it won’t work. The “spirits” should be ready for im
mediate consumption. ,
Ola Levang in his “Levang’s Weekly" says, “The Ku Klux Klan can
not do the right thin? the wrong way." The platitude in the statement is
fully understood by the Klan and the movement emphasized it long before
the Lanesboro editor read and repeated it, adding, of course, the words “Ku
Klux Klan."
-K-K
Jack (Kock) Roach of Pine Island, Minn., a butterbuyel*, states that
he 11 watch all Pine Island businessmen and when they join the Klan there’ll
be something in action. Come, you red-blooded Protestants of Pine Island
and “call the bluff" of the mackeral-enapper.
OF THE AMERICAN REPUBLIC
WISE COUNSEL FROM
A JEWISH EDITOR
“We couceel Jews,” says the edtior
of the “American Hebrew,” writing
soberly of the efforts of Catholicism
to inveigle men of Semitic origin in
to joining the nights of the Flaming
Circle, “not to ally themselves with
this or any other organization, secret
or open, for combating the Klan.”
It is sound advice which the “Amer
ican Hebrew” offers readers. What
has Catholicism ever done for Jewry
other than to boycott, persecute,
flay and slay members of that race?
'’The Jew has far more reason to fear
’ the Knights of Columbus than to har
-11 bor any fear or dislike of the Knights
of the Ku Klux Klan. The latter de
-1 mands absolute loyalty to America.
Has the Jew the slightest hope of
J I justice in any other country? The!
I Knights of the Ku Klux Klan insist
* upon obedience to law. What chance
‘ I would the Jew have against his in
' I numerable foes, even in this land, if
1 laws were unenforceable ? The Klan
* proclaims the supremacy of the
! American public school system over
I any other form of education attempt- J
1 ed in or proposed for this republic.
I Where could young Jewry obtain
| schooling but for the public school?
I ' Safety and happiness for the Amer
lican Jew are only possible through
the ascendancy of Ku Klux Klan
ideals in American government and
American social life. Let those ideals
be destroyed, and no Hebrew citizen’s
property or political rights or life
would be worth p farthing. 1
j No wonder the quick witted, far
seeing editor of the “American He
brew” cries out against his race hav
ing any part in the opposition to the i
I Knights of the Invisible Empire ? I <
| K-K-K J
THINK IT OVER
| Who are our most active agitators ? *
Immigrants. - M
What hgs done most to reduce the I
[wages of American labor? Immi- r
j gration. \ c
How do we increase our percentage !
of illiteracy ? Immigration. !
Why does Catholicism grow more
rapidly than Protestantism? Immi
gration.
Who are our most flagrant viola
tors of the Eighteenth Amendment ? j
Immigrants..
Who are the Bolshevists, the bomb
ers, the assassins? Immigrants.
Who can vote after living in t-Mg
| country four years while you must
live here twenty-one before you can
vote ? Immigrants.
Why is the population of the Unit
ed States less than 55 per cent of
white American-born parentage ?
Immigration.
If all these things are good for
America; if they tend to make Ameri
[ca a better place for Americans to
live, then the Klan has no place here.
If they are inimical to the best inter
ests of Americans then it is your duty
to be a Kl&nsman and to impress up
on those who make our laws that we
want America to be American.—
Selected.
THE MIDDLE CLASS
One cheap sort of criticism which
the Klan is facing is the remark one
occasionally hears that the organi
zation is hopelessly “middle class" in
its membership.
Probably that statement is true.
There is a sense in which the term
is a high compliment. The Boston
“middle class," for example, is con
siderably more “high-brow" than the
wealthy caste. Almost every start
ling achievement in v ecienee and in
art has been made by a man from
that group of “ordinary people" that
lies between the very rich and the
sadly poor. Edison is certainly
“middle class" as to ancestry; Dr.
Steinmetz, the electrical wizard,
sprang - from “hoi polloi.” From the
middle class came practically all of
the great American writers—Poe,
Hawthorne, Howells, 0. Henry, and
the rest of our distinguished literati.
From the “middle class” came also
Shakespeare, Dickens, Keats, Ra
phael, Mozart, and mighty Beetho
ven. When driven to revolution, the
“middle class" has furnished its
Danton, its Robespierre, and its Ma
rat. When war knocked at the
world's door up sprang Grant and
his peers from the “middle class."
No doubt it is true that the Klan
i* “middle class." And if so, it is
in excellent company!
CIRCULATION MANAGER
IS SEEKING POSITION
Because of his activities in behalf
of the Knights of the Ku Klux
the circulation manager of a Georgia
newspaper has. been discharged by 1
the owner of the sheet who is op- 1
posed to this order. • 1
He is a man of efficiency and ex
perience in this line and is willing to
work 30 days for any employer on
trial in order to prove his ability.
Any person who knows of a suitable
opening for this Klansman is asked
to write the Imperial Night Hawk,
P. O. Box 1204, Atlanta, Ga.
■ K-K-K _
0 Music! sphere-descended maid,
Friend of Pleasure, Wisdom’s aid!
—-Collins.
-K-K
Deeds show what we are; words,
what we would be.
The CAZX OF Ttat NOBTH
SCOTTISH HITE ENDORSES OHECON SCHOOL
AMENDMENT AND COMPULSORY EDUCATION
-K-K
Supreme Council, 33rd Degrees* Reaffirms Support
of Towner-Sterling Bill.
Endorsement of the Oregon school
’ bill, compulsory attendance in the
[ public schools, amendment of the Na
' I tional Constitution to compel chil
dren of school age to attend public
[ schools, establishment of a national
[ university at Washington supported
by federal money, separation of
church and state, opposition to every
attempt to appropriate public money
for the support of sectarian institu
tions, and inculcation of pariotism
were the outstanding features cham
pioned by Scottish Rite Masonry at
the supreme council meeting of the
33d degree, Southern jurisdiction,
held in Washington, D. C., from,Octo
ber 14 to October 20, inclusive.
The supreme council conferred .the
33d degree upon 190 illustrious Ma- j
sons and raised approximately 300
32d degree Masons to the rank of
Knight Commander of the Court of
Honor during the session which com
memorated the 123 d year of the exist
ence of Scottish Rite Masonry in the
United States. (A complete list of
the Masons honored with the 33d de
gree and the rank of K. C. C. H. caa
be found on page 6).
Weidner Resigns
i Perry W. Weidner, 33*, secretary
general of the supreme council, ten
[ dered the council his resignation on
the opening day of the sessions. No
action had been taken on his request
when The Fellowship Jorum went to
press.
Mr. Weidner, who has taken a very
important part in Scottish Rite Ma
sonry for many years, declared the
press of personal business forced him
to reach his decision to retire from
his honored position. He has large
banking and other business in South-
ern California. ... J
I George Fleming Moore, 33*, past
grand commander of the supreme I
j council and sovereign inspector gen
eral for Alabama, asked to be trans
ferred from active membership in the
body to qn emeritus member. j
Bronze Statue Presented j
A bronze bust pf James D. Rich
ardson, grand commander, who has
finished his labors on this earth and
has gone on to the Sacred Temple of
the Grand Architect of the Universe
to receive his just reward in heaven,!
was presented to the supreme council
by Fernando Cuniberti, 33*, official
representative of Raoul V. Palermi,
33°, grand commander of the Su-
preme Council of Italy, on behalf of
the Supreme Council of Italy. The
Supreme Council of Italy presented
the supreme council here with a
bronze bust of Past Grand Sovereign
Commander Moore, April 14, 1920.
The Supreme-. Council of Paraguay
sent Dr. Marcel G. Gutierrez to the
[ supreme council’s meeting as the offi
cial representative of that jurisdic
tion.
Mr. Cuniberti kissed the American
flag as a symbol of the devotion and
loyalty that Italian Scottish Rite
Masons have for, their brethren of
the United States. The visitors were
led to the throne by Past Sovereign
Grand Commander Moore.
Educational Program -1
The educational program favored
by the supreme council follows: I
1. A federal department of educa
tion with a seertary in the Presi
dent’s cabinet, and federal aid for
public school purposes under the ab
solute control of the states. {
2. A national university at Wash
ington, supported by the government.
3. The compulsory use of English
as the language of instruction in the
grammar grades.
4. Adequate provision for the edu
cation of the alien population, not
only in cultural and vocational sub
jects, but especially in the principles
of American institutions and popular
sovereignty.
5. The entire separation of church
and state and oppopsition to every
attempt to appropriate public mon
eys, directly or indirectly, for the
support of sectarian institutions.
6. The American public school,
nonpartisan, nonsectarian, efficient,
•democratic; for all the children of all
the people; equal educational oppor
tunities for all. i
7. The incucation of patriotism,
love of the flag, respect for law and
order, and undying loyalty to con
stitutional government.
Grand Commander Cowles in his
allocution said:
“To 'this meting, in the one hun
dred and twenty-third year of the
life of our supreme council, I give
you a cordial welcome, and, using an
old form of Masonic salutation, 1
greet you at all points of the tri
angle, which is the great Masonic
symbol of liberty, equality and fra
ternity.”
In support of the Oregon school
bill he said:
“The outstanding, most successful,
and most encouraging of all happen
ings, largely brought about by Scot
tish Rite Masons, under the - able
leadership of P. S. Malcolm, 33*,
grand master of ceremonies of our
supreme council and sovereign grand
inspector general in Oregon, to whom
the greatest credit is due, was the
adoption by the state of Oregon 'in
popular election, by substantial ma
jority, of a measure for compulsory
attendance of all children at the pub
lic schools.
Catholics Fought
“Private and parochial schools and
other interests fought the bill, but
the strongest opposition was from the
Roman Catholics. Reading and ob
servation make me believe that lack
or no lack of religious instruction in
the public schools is not so much
feared by them as the fear that, if
their children attend any school not
taught by their own teachers they
will lose faith in their own doctrines
and creeds. They are afraid of com
petition with other religions that are
more in accord with modem thought.
“In addition to awakening the peo
ple to the situation there is a reflec
tive influence in the Roman Catholic
publications throughout the land.
“Other states have and doubtless
[others will consider the matter of all
children attending the public schools
(indeed such a law failed of passage
in one state legislature by one vote),
because it is of so much importance
and means so much to the future
safety of the national government.”
The sovereign grand commander
[reported the fraternity in most pros
perous and harmonious condition.
The total membership of the South
ern jurisdiction now exceeds 250,000.
There are an equal number in the
Northern jurisdiction and two-thirds
of the Scottish Rite Masons of the
world are in the United States.
A recommendation was made that
the supreme council establish and
maintain a hospital for the benefit of
Masons afflicted with tuberculosis.
| Towner-Sterling Bill
Support of the education bill known
as the Towner-Sterling bill was re
affirmed and the campaign in support
of the movement for a department
of education with a secretary in the
President’s cabinet and carrying fed
eral aid for the public schools will be
pushed aggressively.
The Rev. Elmer I. Goshen, D. D.,
33°, of Salt Lake City, grand chap
lain, Tuesday said:
‘We have talked much about Amer
icanization and yet we have failed
and are failing to instill the funda
mental principles of patriotism and a
knowledge of, and therefore respect
for,- the sacred institutions of Amer
ican history in the minds of our for
eign-bom citizenship. The unscrup
ulous agitator would be shorn of his
power if an adequate program of
Americanization were provided and
carried into effect.
[ “The separation of church and state
is one of the sacred things bequeathed
to us by the founders of our liber
ties and he who does not portect this
great fundamental principle is re
creant to the great Americans of the
past and a traitor to the life of to
day.”
whylotle
CONSISTENT?
Why blame the Kh Klux Klan, and
say it should be destroyed, because a
few wicked, and lawless men occa
sionally manage to. obtain admission
to the order?
- Is there a single numerous organi
zation on earth, whose entire mem
bership is beyond reproach?
If so, name it.
Sensible, fair, and honest' men,
know it cannot be done—then why
make an exception of a pariotic or
der, which altough young, is sweep
iqg this country in a manner, never
before known, and is admitted, to
contain an element of loyal, patriotic,
nation-loving people, who, as a whole,
are above suspicion?
Why not as justly brand every
Protestant church in the United
States, as a lawless, and dangerous
organization-—simply because, more
or less of their membership, is now
in the different state prisons?
Why not charge the* Masons, the
Odd Fellows, the Elks—or any other
secret organization, as traitors—and
seek to destroy them, for the same
reason ?
Why not declare Christ, and his
entire following as unworthy of re
spect, because their most trusted
member—their treasurer—proved a
traitor,.and bribe-taker?
Why not deny the Godhead—be
cause an arch Angel rebelled, and at
tempted to assume supreme power?
Why not strangle every new-born
babe—without even giving it a chance
to prove its worth to society—since
God has declared M all men are sin
ners ?"
Why even tsrive for righteousness,
when the God-appointed Apostle to
the Gentiles declared ‘there is NONE
righteous—no, NOT ONE." (Romans
8:10. Pa. 14:1 and 8.
But MEN wrote these things—and
all men are liable to err. Therefore
—“fret not thyself, because of evil
men" for the Christ, Himself, was
murdered on the testimony of paid
liars—and the world today, is swarm
ing with hell-hound avaricious men,
who would sell their souls for dirty
dollars—and lie on credit, if the
Truth brought cash.—Unidentified.
CONGRESSMAN TELLS
OF IMMIGRATION PERIL
/The melting pot in America, dog*
: fed by tens at thousands of unassim
ilable foreign-born immigrants, has
ceased to function, and American
cities are becoming veritable alien
Islands/’ says Congressman John L.
Cable of Lima, Ohio.
“The greatest invasion of this
country over attempted by foreign
born persons began at 12:01 A. M.
July 1 last,” declares Congressman
Cable, who has devoted much study
to the immigration question. Influx
of the quota for the new fiscal year,
under the restrictive immigration
law, began July 1 when fleets flying
foreign flags and carrying thousands
of immigrants were approaching
American ports.
“Nothing is so important to a na
tion as the proper selection of the
kind of people seeking to make up
Its population. We have no room for
undesirables. The modern melting
pot is ceasing to function. * The al
loys will not fuse.
“Of the 14,000.000 foreign-born in
our country less than half are nat- ,
uralixed. About 3,000,000 cannot ,
speak the American language, while (
an equal number cannot read it. Our (
large cities are vetirable alien islands
in the United States. Even the post ,
office department advertises its opstal ,
savings system in 24 languges. Tens
of thousands of foreign-born are here j
Unlawfully Steamship companies, {
through the European press, are plac- j
ing advertisement, indicating how (
our immigration laws may be vio
lated by traveling on their lines to c
Cuba. These. conditions should not t
exist.
“Congress should enact promptly a
national alien registration law under
which those here unlawfully should
be sent back to the country whence
they came. Those unnaturalized,
here lawfully, should be given oppor
tunity for an education. Then, if
they reject our country and its con
stitution, let them return to the coun
try of their choice. We have room
for but one language and one loyalty
—to the United States.”
K-K-K
PROPHECY OF DECLINE
We have at least one very clearly
marked indication of the “decline and
fall of our American Empire.” It is
this:
Returns from the census bureau to
date show that in spite of our increas
ing population, there are fewer mar
riages and more and more divorces.
This statement is based on statis
tics for eleven states—Deleware, Con
necticut, Massachusetts, Minnesota,
Nebraska, New Hampshire, New
Jersey, Vermont, Montana, South
Dakota and Nevada.
Compared with the year 1916, the
last time figures were given, there
were in 1922 in these eleven states,
13,592 fewer marriages and 31,136
more divorces.
Only two of the states—New
Hampshire and Minnesota—show
more marriages in 1922 than in 1916.
Massachusetts and New Jersey to
gether report 5758 fewer marriages
in 1922 than in 1916.
While the marriage business in
Massachusetts and New Jersey slump
ed, the divorce mill increased produc
tion. Courts in these two states
granted 1785 more divorces in 1922
than in 1916.
Strangely enough, Nevada, in spite
-of its famous Reno, shows only 91
more divorces than marriages in 1922.
However, in 1916, there were 353
more marriages than divorces.
The marriage and divorce question
indicates an unstable state of society
which is prophetic of danger, . and
which calls for more serious consider
ation than many seem to think.
—The California Voice.
THE WHITE KOBE
There are now a' band of people
That some do not understand
Who are working for the uplift
Of this great and glorious land.
Why they wear those white robed
garments
We’ll try to make you understand;
’Tis a true and honest emblem
Of a brave, noble man. .
There is so much agitation
About the crimes that have been
done,
Worked by enemies of civilization
For vengeance on the K. K. Klan.
We must always do our duty;
Love and honor be our stand;
Trusting in the Savior’s bounty,
For a free and holy land.
—A K. K. K.
-K-K
"A man’s Americanism ought to be
more compelling than his thirst.”—
Senator Pepper of Pennsylvania.
-K-K
A fatal habit settles upon one like
a vampire and sucks his blood.
"Truth, crushed to earth, will rise
again,
The Eternal length of years are
hers—
While Error—wounded—writhes
with pain,
And DIES, AMONG, HER WOR
SHIPPERS.”
SYM
METRICAL TOOTH
—K-K-K
MORGAN TELLS S. P. A. EDUCA
TION SHOULD COMBINE
SCHOLARSHIP AND PRACTI
CAL TRAINING
—K-K-K
That the average American youth
orders an education in the same man
ner as he orders a haircut or shave
was the assertion of Arthur E. Mor
gan, president of Antioch college.
Yellow Springs, Ohio, before tha
open forum of the Saint Paul Asso
ciation Wednesday.
“His idea of an education is that
of a cut and dried commodity that
comes bound up in text books of
higher learning and is puryeyed only
in colleges over a-four-year period,”
Mr. Morgan said.
Mr. Morgan, who until two years
ago was an engineer, gave up his
chosen profession to tackle the prob
lem of education along new lines,
which he is working out in experi
mental stages at Antioch.
Believing that the true object of
a college or university is to turn out
symmetrica], well balanced human
beings, scholarly and at the same
time practical. Mr. Morgan has. done
things with the curriculum at Anti
och that have set educational prece
dent.
In the first place he has lengthened
the course to six years. And each
semester has been divided into five
week periods, one of which is spent
by the student in class rooms and
the next in practical employment at
factories, stores and business places
of nearby Ohio towns.
Mr. Morgan declared that the prin
cipal objection to most colleges is
that they give either purely techni
cal or a purely educational course.
Courses at Antioch include the
broadest, most cultural subjects and
at the same time teach self-reliance
and commercial abijity.
Mr. Morgan said that among the
students are men and women from
wealthy families who are getting
their first taste of practical life
through jobs as book agents, sales
men, office boys, clerks and day labor
ers.
The system of education estab
lished there has its monetary advan
tages for the average freshman last
year earned within $250 of his school
expenses and the average senior paid
his expenses out of the money ob
tained from his outside work.
While the system has been in
operation only two years and has not
been given an opportunity to display
its worth through achievements of
its graduates, Mr. Morgan said that
several of the students already add
ed deserted their school course to ac
cept responsible positions, although
“this is a practice which is discour
aged.
My prayer for myself and for all
readers of this paper is that we shall
help to pass unto others this tran
scendent freedom known by those
whom the Son makes free.—Ex
change.
K-K-K
HO SUCH THIHG AS
“GODLESS SCHOOLS"
—K-K-K
CAMPAIGN WAGED AGAINST
PUBLIC EDUCATION IS CON
DEMNED IN PROVIDENCE PUL
PIT
—K-K-K
Washington, D, C. —The ringing
words of the Rev. A. Mason Brown,
delivered in the annual c “Scotch
Night” sermon of the First Presby
terian Church of Providence, R. 1.,
have received much favorable com
ment in Capitol City educational cir
cles.
Speaking of the campaign being
waged against the public school by
those who could abolish it in favor
of sectarian school*, Dr. Brown said:
“See to it that it does not succeed.
Don’t stay asleep at the switch too
long. Do what you can to defeat it
and preserve the American school.
“I am sick of hearing that we have
Godless schools. Take the public
school child who is brought up in a
good home, and has an hour a week
in a Protestant Sunday school, and
he is one of the best. Search the
records of the prisons and reforma
tories and you will find few of them
there.
“The school is not the place to
teach religion. No state has • ever
succeeded in teaching religion. And
; ust as we can’t teach religion in the
schools, neither should we allow it to
be attacked there.’’
•K-K-K
UHDER COVER
OF RELIGION
According to their own admission,
Roman Catholic - priests of Pennsyl
vania are allowed something above
15 gallons of alcoholic wines per year
for sacramental purposes. As the
custom of that church is for the
priest to withhold the cup from the
people anJ himself alone partake, the
conclusion one naturally comes to is
that a priest may indulge himself to
a fair degree in intoxicants and re
main under eover of religion.—North
western Christian Advocate.
K-K-K-
The United States of America is
the handiwork of Protestantism.
Let Protestants stand on guard.