THE CALL of the NORTH
is published every Friday bp the Gull of the North Publishing-Co., Si. Paul, Minnesota,
and will stand for American institutions, principles, ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people's minds, but to shake up people’s minds; to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels op more “bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by serious
People.
Hie CALL GF THIS NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on Pub
lished articles and separate the droes from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN. - * I 7 . . . - Editor In Chief
SUnSr TTARPIBK, tv n. r I I I - Associate Editor
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST ■
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— • - - By Mail $2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR, CALL OF THE NORTH, Post
Offioe Box 172, St. Paul. Minnesota.
ANTI-KLAN MOBS A REVELATION
The Hibernians, in their convention held at Montreal where
booze is plentiful, denounced the Ku Klux Klan in vitriolic terms.
Later the Knights of Columbus gathered at Montreal and also
shot a broadside of vituperation on the Klan. I have examined
a large number of Roman Catholic publications and found hun
dreds of abusive items centered against the Invisible Empire.
Also in many periodicals published for and by foreigners that
hailed from Southern Europe were published most bitter words
of condemnation aimed openly and directly at the wonderful
American organization known as the Knights of the Ku Klux
Klan. It is needless to state that most of these spoken and
written statements were intended to influence certain foreign,
ignorant, superstitious,* gullible, hot-blooded, un-American ele
ments in the United States. Now then, let us show you the very
clear connection existing between the foreign propagandists, the
hairy instigators of mob violence, the age-old enemy of Protest
antism, the leather-eared Knights of Catastrophe, AND the oift
rageous, murderous, dastardly attacks on peaceful, law-abiding
Americans, Klansmen.
At Steubenville (Ohio); Carnegie (Pennsylvania); Perth Am
boy (New Jersey); and New Castle (Delaware) blood thirsty
mobs attacked assembled Klansmen without any real provoca
tion whatsoever. Even the most biased newspapers must admit
that there were no acts on the part of Klansmen at any of the
before mentioned localities to justify under any American con
dition the action of the attackers. .
The foreign-minded assassins and crazed fanatics partaking
in the assaults on Klansmen had been blinded beyond all reasoji
by the unbalanced, lying, heated, intolerant words of Hellish Hate
written and spoken against the Klan. The mobbers had been
taught to hate the Ku Klux Klan by priests, by officials of Rom
an Catholic societies, by non-Protestant hyphenates, by leaders
of un-assimilable nationalities, by assinine editors such as Hap
good, by web-footed pettifoggers like Parker of Louisiana, by
demagogic politicians playing for the organized vote. . It is easy
to accurately guage the individuals and organizations that took
an active part, and are still actively about their satanic business,
in the innoculation of murder-breeding poison.
Any person, organization or publication that has advocated
in unmistakable terms the destruction of the Ku Klux Klan is
guilty of murder—the assassination of Tom Abbott, American
and Klansman. It is alleged that one Paddy McDermott of Car
negie, a rattle-brained Irishman, fired the shot that killed Ab
bott, but let it be said here and now that statements against the
Klan —which incited the clay-piper to the doing of the terrible
act contributed directly to the execution of the deed—cold-blood
ed murder. At the doors of those standing in the background
urging mob action I lay the responsibility for the killing and
maiming of Klansmen. They are most guilty, yes, more guilty
than the ignorant, green-blooded and wop-eyed individuals mak
ing up the un-American, anti-Klan mobs.
Careful observers studied the make-up of the anti-Klan
mobs and found them to be composed of foreigners from south
ern Europe and Irish-Americans. A “white-mule” guzzler has
brains enough to know that these people are NOT Protestants.
When you know that nearly all the oral and written condemna
tions concentrated against the Ku Klux Klan come from Roman
Catholic sources, AND when you know that the anti-Klan mobs
are composed nearly entirely of men who are anti-Protestant, it
is very easy to make a true connection between the instigators of
lawlessness and the perpetrators of lawlessness.
If the oral and written attacks on the Klan showed merely
differences of opinion, I would have little to say. But, when
the anti-Klan agitators cry for the destruction of the Invisible
Empire the complexion of the whole matter is of serious import.
The advocates of sabotage and mob violence must be dealt with
fearlessly by the courts of America. When foreignism runs with
such a high hand in this country that real, honest-to-God Ameri
cans cannot assemble and go about their peaceful and lawful bus
iness without being attacked and brutally beaten, clubbed, stoned
and shot, yes, murdered, conditions have grown in America that
menaces out national solidarity. Every red-blooded American
must take a stand with the Klan for the right of assemblage
without the dangers of mob attacks. Some person said to me the
other day that the Ku Klux Klan was indirectly the cause of the
riots in the east, because if they (Klansmen) had not held their
meetings there would have been no mob-activities. That view
of the matter gave me a clearer understanding of how grave the
situation really is. If the Ku Klux Klan can be mobbed out of
existance the very perverse forces that are back of the anti-
Klan violence would, flushed with success, turn on other Protest
ant organizations and re-enact their programs of terrorism. Let
all Protestants thank God that the Klan is no longer In swaddling
clothes. The great American organization grows stronger under
every blow delivered against it. Jehovah protected the Ku Klux
Klan when it was an infant so that the scaly hands of Herods
might not strangle the child, and now the adult has strength,
with God’s help, to fight effectively for America and Protestant
ism. lam convinced that a Higher Power than any earth-born
power has made possible the marvelous growth of the Invisible
Empire. All Americans can say with that venerable lady of
Southeastern Minnesota, “Thank God, the Klan has come.”
The Ku Klux Klan did not cause the riots of Steubenville,
Carnegie, Perth Amboy and New Castle, but the Klan did reveal
to the people of the United States the claw-filled paws of foreign
ism which seek to tear out the heart of America that the raven
ous Beast might devour it. Over the entire nation we hear the
cheers of Americans shouting, “Long live the Ku Klux Klan.”
Rapidly a realization is spreading that awakens the lovers of the
United States to this fact: if the Ku Klux Klan had not come when
it did, the glory of America would have been destroyed and buried
in the ashes of the ages.
-K-K
A POLITICAL OBSERVER WHO IS A PREVARICATOR
An article entitled “Minnesota Spills the Beans, 1 h by one Har
rison Hervey, described as a “political observer,” appears in the
September issue of the “Success” magazine published in New
.a gryaea
York city, contains some rediculous statements. Read the fol
lowing and laugh: “The overwhelming number of voters of Ger-
man extraction who held the .balance of power in Minnesota,
moved by the plight of their Fatherland, distressed by the plaint
of their kindred who see their national existence slipping into
history, bolted their party and sought the only way out that
they could visualize, through the avenue of a third party. They
charge the Democratic party with having brought on the war
with Germany and the Republican party with standing in the
way of Germany's rehabiliation. The controlling purpose behind
the organization of the third party—and you may believe that
the third party has been organized and now is—was to gain the
balance of power which would enable them to help Germany re
establish herself, recover the Ruhr and get back on her feet.
No one knowing P. J. Om would accuse me of being pro-
German for a second, but I certainly will say here and now that
the statement by Mr. Hervey is nothing more or less than a
dirty lie. When I read the quoted statement I thought I had a
copy of “Life” or “Puck” before me. It certainly was hard to
believe my eyes when I looked a second time at the cover of the
magazine and saw in big red letters the word “Success” and
noted that Orison Swett Marden was still editor of the publica
tion.
I don’t know who this man Hervey is and I can’t find a polit
ical writer or politician who does. Anyway, as a political obser
ver Harrison Hervey is a cold-storage goose egg. He knows as
much about Minnesota politics as an Australian bushman. Mr.
Hervey missed an accurate explanation of Magnus Johnson's
election to the United States Senate so far that he stands quali
fied as a waiter of Charlie Chaplin foolishness.
REAL REASONS FOR ANTI-KLAN ATTACKS
1. The Ku Klux Klan is a militant organization that is ear
nestly and effectively working for the perpetuation of American
ideals, traditions, principles and institutions. There are
forces in the United States that do not love this country, and
the very things that have contributed directly to its greatness.
These imported forces hate the Klan because it is preventing
further encroachments on our national blessings, and saving
from the talons of the alien vultures the American glories that in
difference has left a prey. ,
2. The Ku Klux Klan is a Protestant organization. As
never before Protestantism is a united power in America. You
know there are organized minorities that do not want to see
Protestants standing together a solid phalinx. The Ku Klux
Klan has made possible a seemingly impossible thing—organized,
operative Prptestantism—and is hated for what it has accom
plished.
8. The Ku Klux Klan is threatening the peace of corrupt
politicians and seeking cleaner politics. Those who have waxed
fat on the spoils of office naturally turn their avaricious eyes
upon the Klan as they shout, “Down with the Klan!” Glutton
ous greed, with Klansmen on the job, is being driven out of the
temples of Americanism and crushed under the heel of public
opinion. Special privilege feels the goad of awakened citizen
ship and flees, cursing the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan.
4. The Ku Klux Klan is stalking the hydra-headed monster
—lawlessness, and making it dangerous for the beastly creature
to live in the United States. The crooks, thieves, bootleggers,
keepers of dives—all law-violators, big and little, know well that
the Klan is endangering their safety. So you find all individuals
and organizations that live by violating law, fighting the citi
zens of the Invisible Empire at every turn of the road.
Higher Education and the Constitution
The time was When students at
colleges and universities were taught
to reverence and obey the Constitu
tion—all of it—whether they agreed
personally with it on all points or
whether they did not. Nqw a deplor
able condition exists in many of the
large institutions of learning—a con
dition that calls for the exercise of
intelligence as well as stubbornness
upon the part of our patriotic citi
zenry. It is a fact beyond dispute
that class reunions connive at the
serving of liquor at their dinners
and wink at practices which occlude
the working of good government in
connection with the enforcement of
the 18th amendment. Nay, more,
even the alumni shield themselves
and their fellows, it is said, from the
results that should follow certain
lawless and unpatriotic performances
in which wine and whisky flow to
tickle the palates of those who have
lost sight of the fact, that the break
ing of a single line of the law of the
Constitution is as bad as kicking the
whole document into the wastebasket.
Is it not really true that many of
our colleges are not preparing men
to live, but are merely teaching them
to make a living regardless of
ethics and morals, and with “pleas
ure” the uppermost thought in mind?
Is it not true that in a broad sense
the life of the average under-grad
uate is little more than dull, stupid,
meaningless, save where it is
“brightened” by “athletics” and “liv
ened” by the false hilarity that
grows out of “wine whizzes” and
like violations of federal laws?
Universities, it would seem, are
enlarged nowadays to provide an ar
tificial life for young people—a life
where originality of thought is not
so much encouraged as an original
and strained mode of living. Infor
mation seems to be ladled out like
soup at a cafeteria, as some one has
said, and the entire force of the
teaching staff of many a university
appears to be spent upon superficial
and vain studies of questionable cul
tural value rather than upon those
leadings and lessons which will make
good citizens out of the youths that
are ground into the educational ma
chine.
Is it not true that a considerable
number of our successful (?) univer
sity graduates have so far failed in
absorbing true ethics, that they ap
pear to be more interested in their
own stolen or perverted pleasures
and modes of life and support than
they are in the eternal welfare of
their children and that of the won-
THE CALL OF THE NORTH
derful country of their election end
destiny ?
And yet, back of this general in
stability of purpose remain, within
the hearts of a great people, the
ideals for which all reasonable pa
triots toil and from which they re
ceive sustaining power. With these
ideals behind us as a living force the
truth becomes clear and beautiful.
We shall believe that it is possible
for American genius, education, and
patriotism to create a system of
great universities in whjch young
men and yoking women shall be
of their country—in which patriotism
shall be the motivating power be
hind all class room effort; in which
liberty shall be the light of all free
born youth and its ethical life; in
which the Constitution of the country
shall be the guide, the royal will and
pleasure and rule of life, of a proud
and glorified young America!
-K-K
THE KREED OF THE KLAN ..
Klansmen, have you pondered the
meaning
Of all you have beard and been
told?
Have you strengthened your heart for
its weaning
From the voices and faults loved
of old?
Will you honor in hour* of tempta
tion
Your promises, noble and grand?
Will your spirit be strong to do bat
tle with wrong,
“And, having done all, to stand ?”
Will you eveT be true to your brother
In actions as well as In creed?
Will you stand by hie side as no
other
Could stand in the hour Of hie
need?
Will you boldly defend him from peril
And lift him from poverty's curse?
Will the promise of aid which you
willingly made
Reach down from your lips to yotfir
purse?
The worrit battlefield is before you;
Let Wisdohi walk close by your
side; ’
Let Faith spread her snowy wings
o’er you;
Let Truth be your comrade and
guide;
Let Klannishness, Charity, Christiani
ty,
Direct all your conduct,, and then,
Let each word and each act tell Hie
world the proud fact,
You are worthy the name of
KLANSOTBN! /
SCHOOL HISTORIES
-K-K
HISTORY TEXTS NOW IN SCHOOLS NOT
ENTIRELY SATISFACTORY.
The Sons of the American Revolu
tion and the Veterans of Foreign
Warn, as one of their contributions
for the benefit of our people and
country, have engaged in the work
of scanning the present-day histories
of the United States, used in many
of the schools, other organisations
are taking some action in this respect,
and one called The Patriot League
for the Preservation of American
History, of which Charles Grant Mil
ler, Rosebank, New York City, is di
rector, is devoting its endeavors to
this particular And very important
work.
Mr. 'Miller, who has made a study
of modem United States histories,
gives the following information,
which is of great interest to Masons
because those mentioned, we believe
without exception, have been mem
bers of the Masonic Fraternity. Of
course, and perhaps rightly so, their
Masonic connections should not have
been mentioned in the United States
histories any more than their church
affiliation, but it is rather strange
that so many of them have not been
mentioned at all, or else slightly men
tioned, with some slurring or critical
allusion.
Slurs Injected to Discredit Great
Americans
West, in his “History of the Amer
ican People,” said tp be widely used in
high schools, teaches:
George Washington as a youth had
been refused a coveted commission
in the British Army. Sam Adam's
father had been ruined by the wise
British veto of a proposed Massa
chusetts “Land Bank.” The older
Otis had failed to secure an appoint
ment on the Massachusetts bench.
Alexander Hamilton was a penniless
and briefless law student, with no
chance for special advancement un
less by fishing in troubled waters.
All these distinguished patriots
were Masons, yet note the slur —not
one of them given any credit for pa
triotism, but the insinuation is that
disappointment or opportuity was the
reason of their taking tha stand
against Great Britain.
Prof. Hart, in his “School History
of the United States, Revised,” calls
Samuel Adams “a political boss,” and
both Hart and McLaughlin and Van
Tyne in their “History of the United
States for Schools, Revised” attribute
to Alexander Hamilton the sentiment,
“The people are a great beast.”
Everett Barnes’ “Short History,”
Part 11, page 9, says: “John Hanock,
a rich merchant of Boston, who at
a later day was President of the
Continental Congress and the first
signer of the Declaration of Inde
pen4ence was a smuggler; so had been
his father.” This is the only men
tion of Hancock in the Barnes school
history. Whether he was maligned
because he was a conspicuous patriot
or because he was also a conspicuous
Mason, who knows?
Many Great Americans Not Mentioned
Dr. Joseph Warren, who was
Provincial Grand Master, leader of
the Sons of Liberty, and the first
patriot of distinction to lay down his
life in the Revolution, is not men
tioned in any one of the ten modern
ized school histories.
Paul Revere, who was Grand Mas
ter of Massachusetts Grand Lodge,
got scant mention from any of them
for his notable services to the pa
triot diuse.
Gen. Richard Montgomery, whom
Washington placed in chief com
mand of the Northern Army; Gen.
Harry Lenox, who was the head of
Washington’s artillery; Gen. Daniel
Morgan, the leader of his infantry;
Gen. Edward Hand, his adjutant gen
eral, Gen. Joseph Reed, his secretary;
and the distinguished Generals John
Sullivan, Anthony Wayne, John
Stark—every one a Mason—all fare
sadly at the vandal hands of these
revisionists.
Hart gives to Benedict Arnold sole 1
credit for the attack on Quebec, with
no mention whatever of General
Montgomery, who commanded, led
the attack and lost his life there.
General Knox’s outstanding serv
ices throughout the Revolution are
ignored by every one of the modem
revisionists, and the only mention of
him and by any of them is passing
note of his being Secretary of War
in Washington’s cabinet.
Like neglect is accorded to General
Sullivan, who was Washington’s
right-hand man in the victory at
Trenton, won at Quaker Hill what
Lafayette pronounced “the best con
tested battle of the war,” served with
great distinction on Long Island, on
Staten Island, in West Chester, at
Brandywine and at Germantown, and
even when breaking in health led
the expedition that drove the Tories
and Indians out of western New York.
Yet Everett Barnes seems never to
have heard of General Sullivan, and
McLaughlin and Van Tyne, Hart and
Guitteau refer to him only as leading
a march against the Iroquois.
Gen. Anthony Wayne gets barest
mention by Hart, Guitteau and Mc-
Laughlin and Van Tyne, and Everett
Barnes does not name him at all.
Nor does Muzzey mention him or
taka any notice of the battle of Stony
Point, which saved New York from
annexation to Canada. The Masonic
Fraternity has appreciated the im
portance of Stony Point enough to
erect a monument there, and Con
gress deemed Wayne worthy of a
special medal. But modem historical
revision eliminates both.
Masons in History Seem to Have Been
Purposely Omitted
Gen. Daniel Morgan, though admit
ted by both Barnes and Guitteau to
have crushed Tarleton and freed the
south of the British and Tories, and
also admitted by Barnes to have
played a leading part in the capture
of Burgoyne, is not mentioned by
either of these elsewhere, nor at all
by Hart, or McLaughlin and Van
Tyne or Muzzey, or West.
There is little mention of Gen.
Nathaniel Greene, Gen. John Stark,
Gen. Philip Schuyler, Gen. Nicholas
Herkimer, Gen. Peter Gransevoort, or
Col. Ethan Allen, in any of the ten
revisions. They were all Masons.
Barest mention, if any at all, is
made of the invaluable assistance
rendered by Steuben, De Kalb and
Kosciusko—Masons all.
All the names cited were illustrious
ones in our old-time school histories.
It cannot be said that their services
were not of • sufficient importance to
justify their continuance. There is
some other reason for the almost
simultaneous and uniform defama
tion, minimization or elimination of
all these heroic patriot and Masonic
characters.
Few studies are of more impor
tance than history in molding the
character of boys and girls into the
kind of men and women that they
should become. The memory of
heroes, the brave men and women of
the Revolutionary period, as taught
in the histories of the old school days,
has been a greater incentive for mak
ing the best class of men and women
than almost any other force that
could be mentioned.
What kind of histories are your
boys and girls being taught? Have
you read them yourself? The safety
of this republic lies in its schools, and
it is the duty of every citizen to
watch over them carefully.—New
Age.
K-K-K-
WHAT KIND OF SYMPATHY?
England reports that the twelve
mile limit is being sympathetically
considered. The nature of the sym
pathy is not precisely defined. Many
sailors would sympathize with any
body on shore who is twelve miles
away when the grog ar
rives.—Washington Star.
-K-K-K
FROM MR. FORD’S PAGB
If our officials feel that they are
able to go over and straighten out
Europe, what can they do for the
United States? Unselfishness should
begin at home. This country has a
number of problems to solve and it
does not look well to run away from
them nor to obscure them with a
smoke-screen of foreign politics. A
swing around the country would re
veal that nearly every section has a
serious, unnecessary and unjust, bur
den to carry. Not merely a political
dissatisfaction, a partisan prejudice
nor a conversational grouch, but a
daily painful burden originating in
some form of government action or
neglect of action—and nothing is be
ing done about it. While Europe is
getting into the shape where it will
accept the only kind of help that will
really help it, our officials should
keep their hand in by doing some
thing for the United States.—The
Dearborn Independent.
K-K-K
THE CLIMBIII6 DIVORCE RATE
—K-K-K—
--AMERICAN HOMES BEING TORN
TO PIECES
—K-K-K
The • American home is getting
more hard wallops than the one that
is involved in relaxed supervision of
parents over their children, and the
ones that are being delivered by the
ultra-radical Russian cult. One of
the stiffest assaults it has to stand
up against is the divorce business.
We have it from Judge W. H.
Thomas, former associate justice of
the California District Court of Ap
peals, that the rate of increase in
divorces between 1870 and 1917 for
the country was exactly 400 per cent.
In 1870 he informs us, there were 28
divorces for every 100,000 population.
In 1916 the ratio was 112 for each
100,000. Divorce has grown three
times as fast as the population. The
annual output of divorces is now
about 160,000, or at the rate of one
divorce each four minutes.
In all of Canada in 1913 there were
59 divorces, and Canadians have so
cial, political and governmental ideas
very like our own. The United States
has only one competitor in its class
—Japan, where the recognized code
qf morals is not acceptable under the
ostensible American test. Divorce in
Europe was greatly stimulated by
war and its aftermath, but it hasn’t
any such dizzy pace anywhere across
the Atlantic as it has gained here,
unless it be in Soviet Russia where
(Continued on next column)
Righteousness a Direction
—K-K-K—
--rHE PURITAN AND A MODERN
MAN.
—K-K-K
Robert M. Gay, one of the pleasing
essayists of the Atlantic Monthly,
thinks it must have been delightful
to live back in an earlier day, when
moral standards were so fixed and
clear. To the Puritans a thing was
either right or wrong, and there was
an end to it. To them it was right
for a father to use the rod, lest he
spoil his child. The modern father,
on the other hand, has more com
punctions about it. In deciding
whether a thing was right or wrong,
the Puritans had no modifying con
siderations delivered to them from bi
ology, psychology or sociology. They
had little trouble about heredity, en
vironment or the neurotic complex.
But to the modern man, right and
wrong are far more complex affairs.
He may think he knows what the
right is, but at the same time he
must know what Freud says on the
question, and Nietzsche and William
James. Even theology has become
somewhat scientific and morality
hobnobs with the new psychology.
Much is confused, uncertain and de
batable.
Much of the thought of the world
has been spent trying to map the
exact lines where right ends and
wrong beings. The idea has been
that right and wrong were distanct
territories divided by definite bound
ary lines. On this theory it was
safe to approach close to the territory
of wrong, if one did go too far. So
men who did not really want to be
thieves, did not hesitate to take ad
vantage of their fellows when they
got a chance. This theory has been
responsible for much of the half
hearted goodness, honor and courage
in the world. Many were lured to
view the territory of evil, even if
they did go clear over.
It can hardly be said that people
today are less moral than the Puri
tans, although they are moral with a
different vision. Boundary lines are
no longer so hard and fixed. Is there
an exact line that can be drawn in
the matter of truth-telling, for ex
ample, or of temperance in all phases
of life ? A man’s first duty is to be
self-supporting, but when does this
become selfishness ? It is evident
that good and evil shade into each
other by degrees, and yet in the end
they are as far apart as light and
darkness.
In modern thought righteousness is
a direction, rather than a position or
territory as it was with the Puritans.
The test of conduct is its drift, its im
plications. Would a deed, if general
ly repeated, conduce to the general
good and welfare? If it would, then
it is safe and sound. If it would not,
then something is wrong with it.
Righteousness, in other words, is
not a position or a location, but a
tendency, a direction. It is not static,
but dyamic. It is not a narcotic, but
a motive power. It is not so much a
matter of condemnation or self-pride
as a challenge and an inspiration. It
is a moving ideal, a flying goal. The
prophet Daniel summed the thing up
when he said: “I set my face unto
the Lord God.” The life set forward
honesty, kindness, unselfish service
cannot go far wrong, because it is
moving in the direction of the great
est good, the greatest righteousness.
—Minneapolis Journal.
a new school of moral or immoral
prophets r in control.
Judge Thomab is convinced as a
result of extensive study that the
great single need is for a uniform law
throughout the country governing
marriage and divorce. He would
erect legal barriers in every state
against marriage by the immature
and the unfit. He is right, however,
in adding that we cannot look to
statutes, federal or state, as a com
plete solvent for the divorce evil.
Right ideals of marriage and parent
hood and of the accompanying re
sponsibilities and obligations must be
inculated in the youth of the land.
There must be education to the end
that marriages shall be undertaken
with something of the good sense
and understanding that is applied to
every-day dealings.
If the home lies at the base of a
Christian nation, then it follows that
that nation, if it hope to survive,
must preserve the integrity and
sancitity of the home. There must
be an acceptance of domestic re
sponsibilities and a thinking of sex
in terms of potential parenthood,
and not in terms of animalism. Ear
lier civilizations went to ruin largely
because they did not sustain the
proper sex relationship and because
they let selfishness and the -carnal
senses dislodge regard for the home
as a sacred and basic social institu
tion.—St. Paul Pioneer Press.
Uncle Sam’s Acres Vanish
—K-K-K
By 1933, if the present rate l of de
crease goes on, the last acre of the
once immense “public domain” of the
United States will have been allotted.
In the last fifty years there has been
a decrease from 1,160,700,000 to 182,-
800,000 acres, and the remaining
acreage is being disposed of either
through the establishing of reserves
or by land entry at the rata of 10,-
000,000 acres a year.