IMPERIAL WIZARD OUTLINES KLAN
OBJECTIVES BEFORE IMMENSE
Seventy-five thousand Klansmen Attend
Seventy-five thousand Ohio Klans
men with their wives and families
gathered Thursday, July 12, at Buck
eye lake, near Columbus, Ohio, for
the first state meeting of the Knights
of the Ku Klux Klan in that state.
Imperial Wizard Dr. H. W. Evans,
with his staff, was present as well as
the leaders of the Klan in Ohio and
adjoining states. The occasion was
one of unbounded enthusiasm and
plans were made for the advance
ment of Klankraft in this section of
the country where the order is al
ready of great strength.
The Imperial Wizard addressing
the huge gathering spoke of the pro
gram confronting the Klan, outlining
the objects to be achieved by the or
der. His address to the Klans of
Ohio was as follows:
“In presenting a forward view for
our great organization, it is eminent
ly befitting that we should cast a
retrospective eye over the past and
mark the successive strides by which
we have come to this great day in
the history of our order. It is axio
matic and true that from the achieve
ments of the past we may justly and
accurately form a conclusion as to
what is to come in the future.
“More than sixty years ago in the
hour of our nation’s greatest prob
lem, there arose an organization
which saved to a portion of our na
tion a white man’s civilization and
prevented another portion of our
great nation from being used, through
brutal passion, in a campaign of hat
red against their blood kin. After
a terrible fratricidal strife, the like
of which the world had never seen,
the American nation was preserved
as a unit.
The Birth of the Klan.
“The movement of the white citi
zens of a despoiled and broken South
land which preserved to many states
in our nation the white man’s herit
age, passed into oblivion when the
purposes for which it had been born
were accomplished. The ideals and
principles upon which it had been
founded awaited another and a fur
ther need of the nation which knew
how to use the principles, to erect an
organization, and to function for God
and country thorugh it. When from
the selfishness and ambitions of men
and nations, the World War began in
1914, civilization was again men
aced and there was grave danger
that freedom would be crowded from
her standing place and the world
would retrace her steps down the
cycles of time and all the things for
which high-grade mankind has strug
gled would again be lost in dark
ness.
“Among the students of the old re
construction, there was an itinerant
Methodist preacher who, living in the
atmosphere and under the shade of
the former greatness of the Klan,
dreamed by day and night of a re
incarnation of the organization which
had saved white civilization to a
large portion of our country. Slow
ly under the dreamings of a wonder
ing mind th 6 Klan took some hazy
kind of form. As this man wandered
in the streets of the Southern city
in which he lived, preaching the doc
trine of a new Klan in his emotional
manner, there slowly came to the
standard men of dependable charac
ter and sterling worth who were able
to lend some kind of concrete form to
the God-given idea destined to again
save a white man’s civilization.
“The Klan as dreamed by the
dreamer, is a thing apart and differ
ent from the Klan as formed, aided,
supported, guided, and directed by
Almighty God in the working out of
his invisible purposes and his mighty
decrees. Slowly, stone by stone, the
magnificent building of the temple
of Klankraft was builded.
“The Klan is an organization
founded upon the great fundamental
ideas of helpful service from man to
man, from man to country, and from
man to God. Under this banner, if
you will but keep your eyes ever on
your leadership, if you will but keep
your prayers ever ascending to Al
mighty God that strength be given to
your leadership, if you will but be
Klansmen as you yourself must in
terpret the true meaning of that sa
cred word, the ultimate success of
our cause will be certain and the
fruition of our utmost hopes will be
absolutely assured.
“Perhaps many of you are going
to be concerned as to ‘Where do we
go from here?’ when we are fully
manned and properly trained and
ably led. The task ahead is great
enough to engage the minds and to
encompass the utmost efforts of
every citizen who loves his country
and is willing to serve. The ulti
mate program must be divided into
at least two sections: The first of
which is the destruction of the insti
tutions and the ideas that are clog
ging the progress and staying the de
velopment of our nation and of our
people. 1
“Second, the enactment of a pro
gram of service to country and serv
GATHERING IN OHIO MEETING
ice to each other which will lead us
from this hour of indecision* and dis
sension into ways of pleasantness
and into paths of peace.
“What are the real basic princi
ples for which we must fight in or
der to preserve our country as a
great free and enlightened nation,
leading the van of civilization and
preserving freedom to all mankind?
“The great necessity is that we
save, enlarge and broaden our great
free public school system under which
the mass of our population is and
must always be educated so that they
can, with their own minds, properly
understand and correctly gauge the
ideas that are presented, the laws
that are enacted, and the acts that
are performed under their system of
government.
Education Safeguards Liberty.
“While the American Constitution
holds it to be an inalienable right of
every man to be free and holds one
man the absolute equal of another,
all men must recognize their respon
sibility under that right guaranteed
them by the constitution for correct
and positive action in all matters
concerning their own and their coun
try’s welfare. So long as we have
an educated people whose ideas have
not been warped by the individual
minds of their teachers and the or
ganized efforts of agencies which
seek their own purposes, an educat
ed people whose minds have been
led along the simple pathway of
right and duty into a realization of
what their minds and their con
sciences are for—that long will lib
erty be safe and sound government
assured.
“The companion of education is
necessarily the right of every free,
rational, conscience-bound citizen of
any country to give expression to his
thoughts and ideas both in speech
and in press, and thus by the con
tinued exchange of ideas and dis
semination of truth he will enlighten
the whole people and bring cojnmon
understanding to higher levels and
greater possibilities. #
“The word LIBERTY encompasses
and carries within one small portion
of its wide meaning the things of
which I have already spoken. What
are the agencies and who are the
people that would try to circumscribe
the educational possibilities and pre
vent the enlightenment of mind and
conscience which comes from a free
and broad education ? During all
ages a brutal and religious priest
hood was sought through supersti
tion, ignorance, and passion to pre
vent the emancipation of the human
souls who come within the spread of
their influence. Slowly from age to
age the proponents of real liberty
have come to see and to know from
the history of their past and the acts
of their present that the only sure
way to insure to a people independ
ence of thought and action is separa
tion of church and state and the
broad education of the masses of the
people. »- V
“Slowly, from age the he
roic thinking men of'"’ expendable
character and sterling worth, have
registered with their lives and their
influences, a protest against the men
tal enslavement of their people and
the consequent degradation of their
race. The first great duty of any
state is to bring its citizenry to the
highest possible level of efficiency so
that the services rendered to their
state can be greater, and their con
sequent enjoyment of their liberty
more pronounced. Thus concretely,
the greatest duty of any government,
the one duty around which all other
duties should congregate is to pro
vide education and increased enlight
enment for the age that is to follow.
“When politics and religion
through selfishness and superstition
gather the reins of government, con
stitutional government is in danger
and liberty will rapidly lose her
standing place.
White Supremacy Is Age Old.
“Now from the experience of cen
turies of mankind’s history, the fact
of white racial supremacy has been
demonstrated in every age, under all
conditions and everywhere upon the
face of the earth.
• “Sixty centuries ago when all the
races of the world took an even start
in their journey from barbarism
towards civilization and from dark
ness to light, the races Were free and
equal, not only in the sight of Al
mighty God as human beings, but
alike free for action and alike capa
ble of performance, but while the in
ferior races, which are all the races
except the white race, were dallying
with the primrose paths Of pleasure,
wasting part of their existence in
idleness, sensuality and laziness, the
men of the white race were moving
steadily onward with ever increasing
strides towards enlightenment and
truth.
“Thus from age to age, from cen
tury to. eentury, the distance be
tween the races has ever been a wid
ening distance.
“Today, it is futile to attempt by
legislative enactment or national aid
to develop inferior races beyond their
natural endowments and capacities.
It will still be impossible to hold the
dominant race from further length
ening the distance between them and
the inferior races of the earth.
“We must teach not, alone the pres
ervation of the purest and greatest
racial blood strains the world has
ever known, but we must teach the
people of the dominant race to have
a full and just appreciation of their
duties under God and in the light of
their past records and their conse
quent future responsibilities. For
the people of a dominant race to be
not only just and magnanimous, but
kind and helpful to inferior peoples
is a duty and responsibility of racial
leadership. Thus, we must, through
the enactment of just laws, just alike
to all the people, be just to the peo
ple of less opportunity and conse
quently less ability. We must see
that for every human being in this,
our great country, the fullest oppor
tunity for the enjoyment of liberty
and the pursuit of happiness is af
forded. This is a white man’s bur
den, in a white man’s country and I
am bringing it to you as the greatest
duty of the Knights of the Ku Klux
Klan to correctly interpret and con
cretely perform it for God, for coun
try, for family and for self.
“I bring to you no doctrine of hat
red, either of alien people or religious
sect, but I want to leave with you a
message of genuine responsibility for
your own development and genuine
responsibility for your own action as
you act along these lines.
“The doctrine of Klanishness is
as old as man. The first organiza
tion of a Klan of which there is hu
man Yecord was upon the table lands
of Persia where a people was con
fronted with the destruction of their
homes, their property and their lib
erties by an organized band of ma
rauders, composed of the off-cast
from their own land. Men who had
fled to the mountains rather than pay
the price for their crimes. These
marauders gathered numbers and
strength as the decades went by, and
finally, through an intensive organ
ization they overrode the land from
whence they came and proceeded sys
tematically to despoil it. From their
place in the mountains they descend
ed to the table lands of Persia and
wreaked their vengeance on that un
happy country.
“Over all their people they estab
lished stockades and left in the stock
ades armed garrisons. The necessity
for the Klan was there. The Klan
was organized and without leaving a
single trace as to who they were or
whence they came, in a single night
they destroyed every garrison in
their country.
“Forces were sent down from the
mountains to find out what had hap
pened. No trace was found. Many
people were executed because of their
supposed connection with the exter
mination of the garrisons. New gar
risons were placed in the stockades
in order that they might enforce
their will and pleasure upon the peo
ple, but again the Klan rode by night
and when the morning sun spake its
message of cheer to a wonderful
world, there was not left in a single
stockade in Persia a single member
of any of those garrisons. When the
forces of right armed themselves
with the arms of their marauding
enemies taken from the stockades,
they marched into the mountains and
drove out the marauding hordes and
for more than four hundred years
peace spread its mantle over the fair
land of Persia and the first sign of
an awakening civilization was seen.
The first signs of monotheistic re
ligion were found and the world had
moved from savagery to organized
government, due to the Klan.
Israelites Had Klan.
“When the children of Israel had
been driven by famine .into Egypt,
they found themselves finally a de
spoiled and captive race. Under di
vine direction, and leadership of the
uncrowned king of the Jews, Moses,
they formed a Klan and all the glory
of that great race was written from
the spirit of Klannishness. When
this Klan’s strength, arrogance and
might had led them away from the
standards of right and the Klan be
came a menace to the world, God Al
mighty stayed its progress, but .did
not destroy it and so today we find
that through the spirit of Klannish
ness, his race of people has been able’
to outlive the mistakes of twenty
centuries and to retain a fraternal
istic mind, a fraternal istic govern
ment, a monotheistic form of religion
in spite of the progress of a redeem
ing Savior who through a doctrine of
love has captured almost all the
world. N !
“Nothing today bars the absorp
tion of the Jew into the web and fibre
of the Christian civilization except
the Klan idea which has been in-,
noculated into his blood and taught
THE CALL OF THE MOftTfi
I AM
By “TWILIGHT” ORN
Out of the dawn I came forth to champion the cause of my
beloved people of the Southland—unarmed, defeated, defenseless
and submissive people.
I heard the shuddering peals of thunder of the impending
storm of the Reconstruction. My people—the chosen victims,
stood aghast and pale, wondering at the meaning and purpose of
the gathering gloom. r
Darkness gathered apace and the demons were loosed from
t helTs most dismal depths. For a moment I watched the titanic
fury of the storm. God only knows what I saw. A great people
defenseless and friendless, with a pestilence upon them more
terrorizing than the ten plagues of Egypt, called to the nations
)of the earth, but I alone heard their cry. That call was a horri
ble medley full of intense anguish—melancholy groans of manly
men struck dumb, mingling with the sickening, penetrating sobs
of distressed women, and the plaintive cry of hungry, cladless
children; on this melancholy orchestra, grief touched the chords
of universal sadness and played the direful dirge of death over
the slaughtered corpse of civilization.
I hurriedly donned my robe and rode through countless nights
vwith the speed of the wind. I went here, I went there, I went
everywhere in the Southland answering the wild cry for help.
Not once did I falter or fail when Duty pointed the way in the*
cause of humanity and civilization.
When I saw the vultures of gluttonous greed swoop down
from their aerie o’er the dismal plain of human helplessness, fast
vening their torturous talons in the fleece of defenseless inno
jeense and consume with avaricious avidity the vital flesh of the
sustenance, I let go the lightning arrows of a mystic
huntsman..
When I saw the conscienceless, cadaverous wolves of treason
gnaw the bones remaining to a baleful state of ghastly bleaching
I attacked with a fierceness born of justice defied.
When I saw that the chastity of the mother, wife, sister and
daughter was imperiled and their sacred persons were placed in
jeopardy to the licentious longings of lust—crazed beasts in hu
man form, I lingered not.
I 'heard and answered every anguish-laden cry.
I came, I saw, I conquered. •
I dissipated the cruel storm of the American reconstruction
and won the plaudits of an intelligent, unprejudiced world.
I stemmed the murky tide of despotic usurption and tyran
nical greed, and rescued the entire country from utter disgrace
and ruin.
I re-established racial rights and the sovereignty of consti
tutional law, redressed the wrong, made secure political supre
macy, started anew the wheels of industry, and made possible
the birth of the greatest nation of all times—the re-United States
of America.
When my work was done I folded my robe and vanished as
mysteriously as I had come.
Years went by.
Again I saw red clouds filled with tears of blood move over
taiy fair country. I saw the hairy hands of foreignism steering
the Ship of State toward the rocks of religious tyranny. I heard
the boastful shouting of political gangsters in the market place.
J saw the grisly faces of lawlessness on the highways and by
ways.
Once more I unrolled my robe and leaped into the saddle.
I am a knight errant in the highest, noblest and gravest
form personified. >.
I came as a summer’s breeze but today I ride with the power
of a thousand winds in one.
They say I am a menace, but the heavens declare my bless
ings.
My spirit still lives and will forever live, a priceless heri
tage to be sacredly treasured by all who love America, regard
less of section, and are proud of its sacred traditions.
My enemies persecute me and say all manner of evil'
against me, yet in return I hate only that which is evil.
Fearlessly I stand a solid bulwark against the sinister forces
that hate my country, its institutions, principles, ideals and tra
ditions.
When the sun rules the day, 1 stand on guard.
When the moon governs the night I am a sentinel watching.
I was here yesterday, I am here today and forever.
I am
THE KU KLUX KLAN.
him for sixty centuries. Praise be
co Almighty God the Klan today is a
Christian organization and in its on
ward march it will take from the
iilan of ancient days the things that
have made it a menace to civilization,
and step by step, it will force this
alien Klan to either become incor
porated in our body politic, through
oirth, training and religion, or they
will have to depart from our fair
land and return to whence they came
and work out their destiny under less
favorable circumstances and less fa
vorable conditions in a place where
they will not be a menace to free
dom and the onward march of a con
quering Christ.
“I cannot close without presenting
for your careful consideration the
most momentous problem of our age.
The question before us today of im
migration overshades all other ques
tions because of its relation to the
fundamentals and the ideals of our
nation.
“For one hundred and forty years,
America has been a haven of refuge
for the poor, the diseased, the
maimed, the halt, and the blind; here
they found a hospital for the cure
of their minds, their bodies and their
souls, in a land watered by the pur
est water of liberty, lit by the all
conquering rays of a clean God’s
sun; where prodigal nature had, with
a lavish hand, prepared for man’s
happiness, prosperity and freedom in
an immeasurable way and where op
portunity lay as never before at any
place or at any time in the world’s
history. Slowly we absorbed the
alien populations of the world who
came to us with a desire to find re
fuge, home and peace. We cured
their ills and. assimilated them into
our body politic and went about our
Master’s business, but there came a
time when men of ulterior motives
and unclean minds, —men without
chartcer,—came to our shores and at
tempted to work out their purpose
and their philosophies upon our fair
land. Now when all 'the rest of the
world is diseased, when there is no
solidarity except ours, when all the
balance of the world would like to
find refuge beneath the Star Span
gled Banner, we must protect the
heritage given us by our forefathers
against the infiltration of the dis
t.nrtflH fhonriM and minhinatinno /vf
the enemies of society.
“We must build up a superior race
of men %o carry the world’s troubles
upon their broad shoulders and in
doing so, we must close the gates to
the influx of the broken in body, the
broken in fortune and the diseased in
mind. We must set up a standard
of visitation which requires that our
guests shall be in mind, in spirit and
in life, somewhat our equal and
which sets as the final standard of
American citizenry the desired stand
ard of native birth. Let us pass
from this age to succeeding ages a
standard so high that a native-born
American’s proudest boast will be
his birthright, just like, for many
centuries, the proudest boast of the
Roman people, ‘I am a Roman.’
“Let us demand a standard of
high usefulness and let us grant citi
zenship only to those who are born
to the heritage. Thus we will solve
the problem of a dangerous assimila
tion and thus we will build up a na
tional standard of character and of
living to pass to succeeding ages and
save our people from inoculation of
false ideas, peoples, and Gods.”
Mount Ida Klan No. 71, Realm of
Arkansas, has offered a reward of
$25 for the capture of any whiskey
still together with sufficient evidence
to convict. Another reward of $lO
is posted for the apprehension of
bootleggers. These rewards apply to
Montgomery cdunty only and are
standing rewards.
GIVE US MEN
God, fire ns men. The time de
mands strong minds, great hearts,
true faith and willing hands; men
whom the lust of office does not kill;
men who possess opinions and a will;
men who have honor; men who will
not lie; men who can stand before a
demagogue and damn his treacher
ous flatteries without winking; tall
men, sun crowned, who live above
the fog in public duty and in private
thinking! For while the rabble with
their thumb-worn creeds, their large
professions and their little deeds,
mingle in selfish strife, lo! Freedom
weeps! Wrong rules the land, and
waiting Justice sleeps!
-J. G. Holland.
THE BIBLE IN THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS
(The following to tho doctoion of tb« Su
premo Conot of tho St*to of Nobnafcm in tho
com of Tho State f. Sebovo. M Nob.. 858,
upon tho Quootion of tho locality and propriety
of roading tho Biblo in tho public ochooto of
that otato. The opinion waa written by Chief
Justice Sullivan, of that court, after tho re
hearing of the case.)
Certainly the Iliad may be read in
the schools without inculcating a be
lief in the Olympic divinities, and the
Koran may be read without teaching
the Moslem faith. Why may not the
Bible also be read without indoctri
nating children in the creed or dog
ma of any sect? Its contents are
largely historical and moral; its lan
guage is unequalled in purity and ele
gance; its style has never been sur
passed; among the classics of our lit
erature it stands pre-eminent. It has
been suggested that the English Bible
is, in a special and limited sense, a
sectarian book. To be sure, there are,
according to the Catholic claim, vital
points of difference with respect to
faith and morals between it and the
Douai version. In a Pennsylvania
case cited by counsel for respondents,
the author of the opinion says that he
noted over fifty points of difference
between the two versions, some of
them important and others trivial.
These differences constitute the basis
of some of the peculiarities of faith
and practice that distinguish Cathol
icism from Protestantism and make
the adherents of each a distinct Chris
tian sect. But the fact that the King
James translation may be used to in
culcate sectarian doctrines affords no
presumption that it will be so used.
The law does not forbid the use of the
Bible in either version in the public
schools, it is not prescribed either by
the Constitution or the statutes, and
the courts have no right to declare its
use to be unlawful because it is pos
sible or probable that those who are
privileged to use it will misuse the
privilege by attempting to propagate
their own peculiar theological or ec
clesiastical views and opinions. The
point where they should intervene
without hesitation is where legitimate
use has degenerated into abuse—
where a teacher employed to give sec
ular instruction has violated the Con
stitution by becoming a sectarian pro
pagandist. That sectarian instruc
tion may be given by the frequent
A LITTLE WORD TO THE WISE.
Two frogs fell into a can of milk,
So I have heard it told;
The sides of the can were shiny and
steep,
The milk was deep and cold.
“Oh, what’s the use?” croaked Num
ber One.
“ ’This fatej no help’s around.
Good-bye, my friend! Good-bye, sad
world!”
And, weeping still, he drowned.
But Number Two, of sterner stuff,
Dogpaddled in surprise,
The while he wiped his milky face
And dried his milky eyes.
“I’ll swim awhile at least,” said he—
Or so I’ve heard he said.
“I really wouldn’t help the world,
If one more frog were dead.”
An hour or two he kicked and swam;
Not once he stopped to mutter,
But kicked and kicked and swam and
kicked—
Then hopped out, via butter!
—F. C. Hamlet.
DANGEROUS MIGRATION
The increase of Negro migration
from the Southern States to the
North because of the larger wages
and the assumed greater social op
portunity afforded to the Negroes
ought to be viewed with more in
mind than the vigorous remonstrance
of Southern employers.
Quite naturally the planters of the
South aje averse to losing the labor
which is necessary for the tilling of
their fields. They have no way to
make up for the deficit caused by
Negro migration. Our foreign im
migrants do not flock into the South
ern States; they are neither adaptable
nor acceptable. So when the South
loses its Negro labor an unfillable
void is created; and this industrial
situation is one not to be ignored by
thoughtful people in the North—
since there are some Southern prod
ucts, notably cotton, upon which the
North is dependent, as is also the
world at large.
There is the question of the Negro
himself. And this is'for the moment
the more serious. Naturally he grav
itates to those sections of the North
where his own people have already
made their entry into the industries
and where they are quartered in cer
tain sections of a city. This natural
gravitation enlarges Negro popula
tion, causing it to overflow the space
which the white people are willing
that Negroes should have, and race
antagonism is engendered.
The war between the Negro and the
White in the North, wherever it ap
pears, is quite as murderous and hate
ful as any similar war in the South.
The North does not understand the
Negro any more than the Negro un
derstands the North. He likes the
high wages and the appearance of
larger social freedom; and the politi
cal bosses like his vote. He gets an
exaggerated idea, immediately, of his
consequence. Without the power of
accurate observation, and without any
preliminary training to equip him to
carry his share of social and political
responsibilities with self-respect and
safety, ha is incited to assert equality
reading, without note or comment, of
judiciously selected passages, is, of
course, obvious. A great modern phil
osopher—perhaps the greatest—has
said that persistent iteration is the
most effective means of forcing alien
conceptions upon reluctant minds.
Whether it is prudent or politic to
permit Bible reading in the public
schools is a question for the public
school authorities to determine, but
whether the practice of Bible reading
has taken the form of sectarian in
struction in a particular case is a
question for the courts to determine
upon evidence. It cannot be presumed
that the law has been violated; the
alleged violation must in every in
stance be established by competent
proof. The value of the common
schools as disseminators of knowledge
and social levelers is well understood
and justly appreciated, and there is
little likelihood that the people will
ever permit their usefulness to be im
paired by sectarian controversies.
When we consider that this is the first
case of its kind ever presented to this
court for decision, we feel assured that
neither teachers nor school boards
have been much inclined to bring dis
cord into the schools for the chance of
securing by indirection a slight sec
tarian advantage. But if the fact
were otherwise, it could not in any
way affect our conclusion. The sec
tion of the Constitution which pro
vides that “no sectarian instruction
shall be allowed in any school or in
stitution supported in whole or in part
by the public funds set apart for ed
ucational purposes” cannot, under any
canon of construction with which we
are acquainted, be held to mean that
neither the Bible nor any part of it,
from Genesis to the Revelation, may
be read in the educational institution
fostered by the state. We do not
wish to be understood as either coun
tenancing or discountenancing the
reading of the Bible in the public
schools. Even where it is an irritant
element, the question whether its legit
imate use shall be continued or dis
continued is an administrative and
not a judicial question; it belongs to
the school authorities, not to the
courts.—The New Age.
with white people, and this assertion
very often appears as an arrogant
claim of superiority.
Thoughtful leaders among the Ne
groes are taking cognizance of these
facts. Their anxiety is in behalf of
their own race. The best of them do
not want to see a dangerous inter
mingling of white and colored people.
They know that a merging of the two
bloods is unrighteous and impracti
cable; and they know that every im
proper contact of white people with
Negro people is likely to provoke
serious race conflict.
Hence, there is an effort on the
part of the most thoughtful and the
best advised and most unselfish
among the Negro leaders to give to
the masses some education and some
social experience before they are
plunged into the congested popula
tions of Northern cities. Every hu
manitarian among the white race
ought to be guided by the same mo
tive. No demand of industry in the
North justifies the sending of labor
agents through the South with prom
ises of social and political equality
and extravagantly high wages, to
bring hundreds of thousands of Ne
groes north until they shall have been
prepared by education and social ex
perience to hold their own—not by an
improper mingling with the white
race, but in sturdy self-respecting
competition.—The Christian States
man.
HARVEST OF FLAGS IS REAPED
BY DAIRYMAN.
In a certain Kansas town lives a
dairyman who has been outspoken
and vicious in his attacks upon the
Knights of the Ku Klux Klan. On
occasion he has used language which
we can’t print here in voicing his
opinion of any man who would be a
member of such an organization.
One night last week he started mak
ing his rounds as usual, to collect
empty bottles from porches and put
full ones in their place.
The first empty bottle he came to
contained a little American flag. He
looked at it in a puzzled sort of a
way and then beneath a street light
paused to read a note which was at
tached to the American emblem.
“Do not deliver milk here any
more. We believe that your are un-
American,” read the message.
He collected 149 little American
flags on his route that night. Each
carried a similar message.
AN AMERICAN MOTHER’S
PRAYER.
Dear Lord, help me do all I can
To raise my boy to be a real man,
Who is kind to children, gentle to
the old,
Who loves friends and God more
than gold; .
To keep him brave and sweet and
clean,
Never stoop to do a thing that’s
mean,
To teach him to love this land so
dear,
And if ever it need be in time of
strife,
To defend his Country—with his
life! ~
--Mrs. P. B. Whaley, Topeka, Kan.
KLANSMEN—TO CHURCH.