THE CALL of the NORTH
Is published every Friday by ths Call of the North PohllsUac Co., St. Paal. Minnesota,
and will stand for American institutions, principles, ideals and traditions withent fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, but to shake np people’s minds; to help
■sold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of troth kills more false news and shrivels np more "bunk” than all the earnest
aryuments in the world. Troth helps to clarify opinions on serloos questions by serious
people.
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from pore gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN, .... I . ’ - Editor In Chief
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— - - - By Mail $2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR, CALL OF THS NORTH, Post
Office Box 172, St. Paul. Minnesota.
THE HOME
Civilization rests upon the home and not the house occupied by a man
and woman recognized as husband and wife.
It takes something more than a toleration of man for a woman and a
woman for a man to make a home.
There are too many people just living together.
Homes are established without much thought and wrecked with even
less thought.
Divorce courts are grinding with startling rapidity just to give foolish
men and women an opportunity to cause greater injury by making more
innocent children grow to adulthood without a needed home environment.
Let us stop for a moment and ask the reason for a stable home.
1. A stable home makes possible a superior care of the children.
2. A stable family makes possible the cultivation of altruism*
3. The early education of the children can be properly taken care of in
a stable home.
4. The roots of religious training so essential in adult life are establish
ed in the minds and hearts of the children in a stable family.
6. A proper home-training gives the child the ability to live in harmony
with others.
When we fully appreciate the importance of the family, we can truly
realize the menace which will come with the breakdown of the home.
No one will deny the general growth of the divorce evil. The available
statistics are disheartening.
A careful study of divorce records prove beyond the possibility of
successful refutation that laxity of laws are not the cause of the prevalence
of divorce.
Note—Divorce is but a symptom of the disintegration of the modern
family.
THE MODERN FAMILY IS DECAYING
Let us enumerate the causes:
1. Decay of religion. It is a fact that no stable family has existed
without a religious basis.
2. Growing spirit of individualism. When a man or woman is free to
follow his or her own whims and caprices, he and she are certain to effect
the institutions and government that include him and her.
3. Woman’s emancipation. I am not against greater freedom for
woman, but I merely want to call attention to the fact that the new condi
tion has made it possible for woman to go down as well as up.
When the women of Rome achieved complete emancipation, their social
position was not bettered. The freedom of the Roman women brought
degradation and ultimately the demoralization of the Roman family life.
4. The growth of modern industrialism. The call of the factory has
taken the girl out of the home and away from that training so essential to
a happy family life.
6. The growth of cities. Can you expect stable homes in the slums,
tenement districts and in the gilded palaces of sin?
6. Higher standards of living. It takes money to live on a high
standard. An attempt to live like a millionaire on twenty-five dollars a
week has wrecked many a home.
7. Higher age of marriage. Psychologists tell us that our habits are
nearly completely fixed at the age of thirty. Marriage makes necessary a
readjustment of habits.
The American home is lost in the bewildering maze of disintegration.
Let me suggest the way out.
Some seem to think that legislation can solve the whole problem. If
it is decadence that we must do away with how can legislation do much?
Legislation can do something and I shall note the essibilities:
1. A uniform divorce law.
2. Reform in judicial procedure. The Divorce Proctor Courts of Do
mestic Relations.
3. Fewer grounds for complete divorce.
4. Restrictions upon remarriage.
5. Restrictions upon marriage.
But the real solution lies in education. The school and the church and
the home must do the work of reconstructing our family life.
Our children should be taught that the family is a necessary institu
tion and therefore a sacred institution.
Our children should be taught that marriage is something other than
an act to suit their convenience.
Our children should be taught the importance of a pure and wholesome
family life.
The meaning and duties of parenthood should be thoroughly rooted in
the minds of our children.
The church has been given the task of conserving and propagating
moral ideals. You can see what a tremendous task the church has to do.
But the church is helpless without the co-operation of the home. The
home makes possible the influence of the church.
-K-K
We call your attention to the article entitled “Education: Two Schools”
that appears in this issue. By all means read it.
-K-K
A worthwhile civilization must rest upon a devout recognition of God
and His Word.
-K-K
Upon ignorance tyrants erect their castles.
-K-K
We understand that the editor of the St. James “Independent” has put
a water-cooling mechanism on his typewriter so that he won’t overheat the
machine when writing his neJct week’s editorials.
-K-K
Has the Fairmont “Funnypendent” asked anymore foolish questions
lately ?
-K-K
The hand that “rocks” the pork-barrel “riles” the politicians.
-K-K
We’d like to induce Senator Lodge of Massachusetts to milk a cow so
that “Alcohol”’ Smith of New York might get an “educated” beverage.
-K-K
Many young folks go through college and successfully prevent their
studies from interfering with any and all pleasures.
-K-K
An Eastern theatrical concern has offered the ex-governor of Oklahoma,
yes, Mr. Walton, a contract calling for his appearance on the vaudeville
stage. We have known for some time that “Jack” is a huge joke. Most
likely Walton’s act would be advertised with the announcement—“ See the
peddler who thought he was Caesar.”
-K-K
In Steele county there are officers of the law that fully understand their
duties and do them. The Mayor of Owatonna and the Steele county sheriff,
according to an Owatonna newspaper, are after law violators in a way that
is a pleasure to behold. We hope that citizens of Owatonna and Steele
county will get behind the Mayor and Sheriff in a real, old-fashioned
American manner.
-K-K
We don’t know who it was that said something about a woman’s advice
not amounting to much, but a man is a fool, however, if he doesn’t heed it.
-K-K
It seems that Lloyd George’s visit to America stirred the “ire” in the
Irish-American hyphenates, for whereever the British statesman went the
daypipers assembled so that they might “shower” him with “pleasant re
minders”—bricks, etc.
-K-K
We want all the information pertaining to educational matters in
MinnesotaUhat it is possible to get hold of. Kindly send whatever facta you
may have to “The Call of the North,” P. 0. Box 172, St. Paul, Minn. We
are beginning a campaign of publicity which should awaken the people of
Minnesota to the need for a public school that stands supreme, in all mat
ters of elementary education. The foreign school must go. The battle cry
has been heard—The Oregon School Law for Minnesota by 1925.
EDUCATION: TWO SCHOOLS
The progress of man since the
primitive is directly related to the
progress of education; and the var
ious degrees of education, as applied
to the various phases of religion, are
an exposition of the progress of re
trogression of the human soul.
Education is a quality of learning,
whose need is felt by every man and
woman in a constant craving for an
answer to the common questions of
every-day life aqd the unsolved ones
of the spiritual.
Education, considered from the
standpoint of matured life, though
somewhat different, is closely related
to the education of the child. Man
has the quality of reasoning, of
weighing truth and error. These are
lacking in the childish mind, and to
surround it daily in its school work,
with the doctrine and dogna of any
particular creed, is tantamount in its
results to producing a product of en
vironment.
Of early education, little need be
said. The philosophies of Plato, Aris
totle, Socrates; the writings of Plu
tarch, the culture of the Alexandrian
schools —all have had an honored
place in the progress of learning.
jPagan schools were and remained
the seat of learning until about the
fifth century, when Christianity, in
jecting the weight of its doctrines in
to the philosophies of the age, reared
the first Christian schools. There de
veloped from them, on through the
middle ages, two schools with a dis
tinct line of cleavage. That of the
knight and the other of the monk
are apparent in the education of the
castle and the cloister.
The flower of knighthood, founded
on homage and fealty to the existing
order, developed from one, the sup
porter of the church from the other.
One taught to glory in deeds of chiv
alry, to defend the weak, the unpro
tected, the oppressed, to battle for the
right and to enjoy life to its fullest
extent. The other taught the narrow
views of the church. The monk of
the church, reared and cared for by
celibates like himself and taught to
regard woman as the worst among
temptations, labored to produce an
other like himself, to magnify the
pomp and splendor of the church and
also its political power.
The percentage of the population
educated in either of these schools
was, however, very small, and learn
ing was imparted mainly among the
ruling class for the sole purpose of
better and more easily ruling their
subjects. One by the sword; the
other through promise of spiritual
reward or punishment and through
superstition. Thus, coming down in
to the middle ages, were developed
these two schools, mainly the results
of a division among the orders of
monks by their political affiliations to
the then existing feudal system or the
Roman church.
Before the years of the Reforma
tion, the system of the castle degen
erated and almost disappeared and
the monk in the Roman church re
mained almost the sole repository of
the knowledge of that period. This
serving the political ambition of the
clerical party centered in the Roman
church was followed by the repression
of general and religious education, ex
cept that which followed the well-de
fined and narrow views of the few
constituting the ruling element and
later gave Way to tyrany and ex
cesses -uch as were unknown in the
history of the human race.
About the time of the Reformation,
a great revival of learning spread
throughout Christendom. Education
which had been for a very select few,
now became the privilege of many.
The line of demarcation between the
two schools became not so much one
of general knowledge, but of religious
affiliation, and the development of the
Reformation is closely allied to the
progress of the institutions of learn
ing which sprang from it, giving it
strength and imparting to the people
much that had been withheld by the
Roman church. The Protestant schools
of this period flourished and became
the best in Europe.
The Catholic monk taught schools
and degenerated with the degeneracy
of the clerical life of the Roman
church, so prevalent at that time.
The situation, however, was saved by
the founding of the order of Jesuits,
which covered Europe with its schools
and universities. The success of the
Jesuit schools within the next hun
dred and fifty years probably exceed
ed the wildest dreams of their found
er. Ruled with an iron hand, Jesuit
ism became the right arm of the Ro
man church in. its crusades against
heresy. Politically, by reason of col
lusion between Church and State, the
Jesuits became the power behind the
throne, disdaining the rulers and even
the Pope himself. Suppression was
the inevitable consequence of their
arrogance and power. But the re
sults of their system of education and
rule remained, to be purged by the
torture and bloodshed of countless
innocent victims.
Out of the events of those dark
sears, and to prevent a repetition
thereof, was envolved the present sys
tem of our public and non-sectarian
schools, which lay at the door of
every man, woman and child, the re
sults of modern science and culture,
The CALL OF THE NORTH
MILLER, 32°
BY PAUL E.
an education founded on reason and
unbiased on religious grounds. Mod
ern discoveries, the results of insati
able hunger for ♦ knowledge, have
swept into the discard many errors of
the past. The laboratories of science
and the literature of the day have
opened a new vista through which we
see life. The education of our public
schools becomes the solid foundation
on which our lives progress in a spirit
of toleration and freedom and is the
only system under which a free peo
ple can remain free.
While education has made wonder
ful strides in our public and non sec
tarian schools, the Roman church con
tinued her system of teaching. Jesuit
ism, suppressed or driven from other
fields, found refuge in our land of
religious and political freedom and
continued the work laid out by their
church. Their schools cover our land
much as th6y did Europe at the height
of their success. They still instill
the principle of intoleration of any
faith except their,own. Their purpose
of instruction—the expansion of the
Roman church and its political power
—is still the same, and a careful
analysis of the insidious attacks on
our educational institutions will re
veal much the same political methods
used a long time ago, but their most
powerful weapon, ignorance, is fast
disappearing.
The line of demarcation between
the two schools of today results from
members of religious faiths, of which
the Roman Catholic is the principal
who draw about themselves, through
ignorance and intolerance or the love
of personal gain and political power,
the mantle of isolation, creating for
themselves an environment entirely
unacceptable to lovers of truth and
toleration. Their methods of instruc
tion, traveling in the narrow groove
of ecclesiastical authority, lack the
piogressiveness essential to modem
life.
Education is no longer the privilege
of a ruling few or the inmate of the
narrow, dark cloister chamber. We
have come up, in the progress of time,
a more enlightened people. The phi
losophies of all ages, purified by time
and knowledge, are no longer merely
petrified essences of beautiful
thought; they have become living pre
cepts that animate the world and
make it a more beautiful place to live
in. The oft-preached education of re
ligious freedom, equality of opportun
ity and charity among men has come
to us, a living force, to sweep away
the mists of superstition. This is an
age of accomplishments for the
betterment of mankind in general,
not for that of a ruling few.
Christianity is rejuvenated in a
spirit of service and toleration. Much
of this we owe to our unbiased educa
tion of the public school, that solid
foundation upon which we build the
education of our lives which, rising
above our petty shortcomings, give
us greater joy of life and an unshak
able faith in the immortality of our
souls.
“BIBLE BRINGS NEW
VISION”—GOOLIDGE
People who have been moved to
doubt President Coolidge’s Protes
tantism should recall that in all of
his public utterances his mind has
traveled along paths which were
strewn with Biblical flowers. But
he is the president of all the people
and must react to the forces that
play upon him from all directions,
striving to be just and impartial in
everything, and manifesting an
openness of heart pleasing to the
varied classes he is bound constitu
tionally to serve. But, throughout all
of his public thinking runs the indica
tive thread of sane private opinion—
the clean loyalty to clearly-defiped
duty and to the demands of a de
mocracy whose constitution makes
clear the free will of a dynamic com
monwealth founded by Puritan fore
fathers.
The nature of the president’s atti
tude toward the things which Ameri
cans hold dear comes out with clear
ness in a single paragraph of his
speech o the New York Y. M. C. A.
convention. The president said: “It
was for the principle of personal
judgment in matters of religion that
the English and Dutch were contend
ing and which set the common peo
ple to reading the Bible. There came
to them a new vision of the import
ance of the individual which brought
him into direct, contact with his
Creator. It was this conception ap
plied to affairs of government that
made the people sovereign. It raised
up the common man to the place
which heretofore had been reserved
for a privileged class in church and
state. It ennomed the people. The
logical result of this was the free
man, educated in a free school, main
taining a free government. It was
the American colonies that defended
and re-established these everlasting
truths. It was because religion gave
the people a new importance and a
new glory that they demanded a new
freedom and a new government. We
can not in our generation reject the
cause and retain the result.”
Perhaps these words show without
further comment how little Protes
tants have to fear the drift of the
—NEW AGE
•K-K-K
BEHIND THE MASK
The phrase “Behind the Mask”
has bee* used more considerably for
the past three years than it has in
any other period for a very long time.
Each time that it has been used,
whether the organization were named
or not, it has always been made very
patent that it was applied to the
Knights of the Ku Klux Klan. Be
hind the mask there is something.
Many are desirous of knowing what.
Most of the uninitiated are grossly
at variance with the true facts, when
they speak of the things behind the
mask.
Klan Against Nothing
The Klan, let it be said, and re
peated, accentuated, and reiterated,
is against nothing. But as carefully,
and as often, and as pointedly, let it
be said that the Klan is for every
thing—provided those things are
standing for what “Old Glory” typi
fies; and if those things are accord
ing to the constitution of the United
States and the various states; and
if they are the exemplification of the
true spirit typified by the cross.
Opposed to the Klan
Every organization opposed to
those things for which the Klan stands
are against the Klan. Not only are
they against the Klan by inference,
but they have all at one time or an
other, such in his own Clme, and many
of them on more than a single occas
sion, let it be known through well
known spokesmen, or through the
press, or through various other chan
nels that they are unalterably oppos
ed to the Klan, and that they intend
to use every means within their power
to destroy the Klan, and its influence.
To Doubters
If you doubt the militant opposi
tion, or hear it denied, recall how self
seeking politicians went out of their
way to throw down a challenge to
the Klan, by accusing the Klan of
every crime committed, regardless,
and in many instances of hundreds of
crimes that were never committed,
that never happened.
See how mistaken religious bigots
have bitterly assailed the Klan. Do
not forget to remember how howl
ing mobs, led by paid thugs, have
waylaid, attacked and beaten Klans
men. Nor how intolerant fanatics led
by fiercest maddogs of men, have
ambushed and treacherously assassin
ated Klansmen, who were doing noth
ing more than the law of lawful as
semblage permit.
Who Is Against The Klan
With due respect to many who have
gray hair, and many who once were
called representative citizens, who
ever else is against the Klan, we
know positively that those we shall
here name are. First is the boot
legger, and then the wife beater;
along with every ‘nigger’ lover, and
every dope fiend; followed by the
illicit dispenser of narcotics, and that
criminal horde who practices the busi
ness of teaching people to become
drug addicts. Every red and bolshe
vist who would tear down the red,
white and blue and run up the car
mine flag of treachery is against the
Klan. There is not an anarchist who
foams at the mouth, and preaches
destruction, but what is a hater of the
Klan. The hi-jacker and murderer
are against the Klan, along with
countless hosts of other law breakers,
both major and minor.
The Good and the Bad
Strangely we had intended to say
that there is a mixture of the gold
and the bad against the Klan. We
would remark that the good and the
bad can't be mixed. So—then —we
shall call upon you opponents of the
Klan who carry on a sanctimonious,
whining opposition to the Klan, and
ally yourselves with these foul cattle
we have enumerated, to explain how
you got into that company. If you
are there mistakenly, find your road
out from them, or become part of
them. Then your good will cease to
be good, and can only become what
they are—BAD. Explain away your
companions in. anti-Klanning, if you
can do it. If you are bound to stand
against the Klan you must stand with
that cla** of people, and you must ex
pect to be branded even as they are
branded. We know your opposition
is, in some quarters, “We don’t like
it because it wears a mask.”
Down With The Mask
Behind those masks the Klansmen
are laughing at you. The mask is
not what troubles you. Someone has
said your liver is out of order, and
you are sore at yourself because you
have gotten in with the wrong gang,
and don’t know how to get away from
it. One Klan spokesman has told you
that there are two things that are dia
metrically opposite in their habits.
One of those is a butterfly, which
parades about under a mask. The
other he has said is a rattlesnake,
which not only does not parade under
a mask, but rather gives timely warn
ing before it strikes. That speaker
has asked you which you would rather
take your chances with, the butterfly
under the mask, or the rattlesnake
that wears none. We ask, with which
would you rather take your chances,
with the men who have declared that
they will uphold the laws and the
and who are squarely behind the Pro
testant Christian religion, or with
chief executive’s opinions. As some
one has said, “A man who talks thus
understands what the reformation
meant—especially the Calvinistic end
of it.”—The Fiery Cross.
those foes of our national life, who
are doing their best to reduce Ameri
ca to their standards.
Behind The Mask
Behind the mask is' the real true
heart of Americanism, the very core
and substance of the Protestant
Christian religion; the greatest hope
for world education and enlighten
ment. Behind the mask is the nearest
solution to the true brotherhood of
man, and the federation of the nations
of the world. There is the greatest
protection to the black man and his
progress, without qny of that silly
sentimentality that believes miscegen
ation is the true method of solving
the race problem. Behind the mask
the Catholic is protected in this, that
every man has the right to worship
God according to the dictates of his
own conscience. No fight against Ca
tholics has ever come from behind the
mask. Though many challenges from
that people have been taken up from
behind that mask. Nothing behind
that mask is opposed to the individu
al religion of any man, but let it not
be understood that those behind the
mask approve many things that are
done and perpetrated in the name of
religion. On the contrary behind that
mask is great frowning on such prac
tices. So long as there is challenge
brought to the door of that mask
there must be conflict. Those who
would substitute the things of God
for the things of man, and attempt to
compel those behind the mask to ac
cept them can expect nothing but con
flict, so long as they persist.
The Jew
He may not realize it, but behind
that mask is the greatest protection
for the Jew. To him from behind
the mask is guaranteed freedom
against persecution, pogroms, ban
ishment and horrors of inquisitions.
Each foreigner can rest in the assur
ance that his rights are all safeguard
ed behind the mask; that in taking
steps to prevent unconscionable pro
moters of foreign immigration and
shipping, to make of America the
dumping ground for great hordes of
unassimilable criminal material, those
behind the mask are making better
conditions for him who is honest, and
capable of becoming one of us, and
doing for themselves, and him, what
their forefathers only pretended in
their constitution to do for them
selves, and their direct descendants.
Peaceful Pursuits
Wherever man may go in peaceful
pursuits, they need never worry as to
the temper and intent, nor the mo
tives that exist behind the mask. No
man has ever yet been able to point
to on time, when people were busily
engaged in lawful pursuits, that they
have suffered the slightest inconven
ience from those behind the mask.
Aye, even so has it been, even those
who have been unlawful in their con
duct have found that from behind the
mask there has never been attempt
to lay on them the finger of violence,
and their worst accusation has been
that the ye behind the mask is an
all-seeing eye, and it has seen, and
caused to be pointed out to the regu
larly constituted officers, the law
breaking individuals.
No official can ever rightfully claim
that he has even been, from behind
the mask, intimidated in the discharge
of his duty, or in any manner inter
fered with. Rather can they point
with pride to the fact that law abid
ing citizens behind the mask have aid
ed them, when called upon to proper
ly discharge their duty.
Three Good Men And True
Go to three good men and true, and
if they are Protestant, white, Ameri
can born, no matter where they reside
and ask them if there is aught behind
that mask that would prevent you, an-
American, free born, or age, white and
Protestant Christian from doing what
you as a citizen should do. Ask them
if the pledge you would take to get
behind the mask would interfere with
all your highest duties. If they say
no, then, as an American citizen, you
should cast your fortunes with those
behind the mask. You should get be
hind the mask.
Use The Truth When Found
When those men have advised with
you, and have answered all of your
questions, and have asked you some,
you will be assured that behind the
mask is nothing but good, and you
will have them take a survey of you,
and an estimate that will be valuable
to the Klan to which you make appli
cation to become a Klansman, for the
purpose of getting behind that mask.
If you are fortunate in being chosen,
after that ordeal, you will be wel
comed behind the mask, and you will
then begin to realize that behind the
mask are the better things of life.
K-K-K
“I WONDER”
A bachelor living in a rural com
munity objected to paying taxes for
the support of a modern consolidated
school. He wrote a letter to the
local paper saying that the old school
was good enough. A mother wrote
a reply, in which she said, among
other things: “I wonder whether he
lives in a log house, wears homespun,
cooks by a fire-place, reads by a tal
low dip, works an. ox team, or rides
to church in a lumber wagon! I won-.
der!”
K-K-K
Church attendance is a Klansman’s
duty.
QUESTIONING A
MINISTER
Disclosing a pitiful ignorance of his
subject and displaying a burdensome
personal animosity, Rev. Martin W.
Twing of Alton, 111., at the recent
session of the Illinois Baptist con
vention, held at the Oak Park Bap
tist church, undertook to cast reflec
tions upon the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan.
Rev. Twing advocated the elimina
tion of the “Invisible Empire” as one
of the objectives of the Illinois Bap
tists. In condemnation the millions
of red-blooded Americans, many
thousands of whom are the backbone
of the Baptist church, he said in
part:
“An insidious and widespread form
of lawlessness of today is that which
proclaims itself the embodiment of a
superior grade of Americanism, pa
triotism and morality. The evil of
this organization consists in the fact
that it proclaims itself an Invisible
Empire and arrogaes o itself func
tions which are prerogatives of the
state alone. The result is that indi
viduals suffer penalties not awarded
by legal authority and the tendency
is to engender and intesify race and
religious prejudices highly detri
mental to any attempts to apply prin
ciples of Christian citizenship. Light
and liberty and Christian character
are not the products of methods of
darkness, of oppression and of hatred,
better methods must be found.”
Enlightened Americans will wonder
what influence caused Rev. Mr. Twing
to utter these statements. He dwells
on an “Invisible Empire” which
would take the law in its own hands.
When and where, we ask the rever
end gentleman, has this “Invisible
Empire” ever taken the law into its
own hands. We challenge him to
show, even one remote case, where
the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan
have usurped the laws of this land.
Enemies of Protestant America have
frantically tried to fasten all man
ner of crimes on this organization
but they have failed.
The doctor’s phraseology sounds
good from an oratorical standpoint,
but he, with others, would have sev
eral grades of Americanism, patriot
ism and morality. There can be but
one grade, right or wrong. There
can only be one grade of American
ism, patriotism and morality. Half
measures do not make a whole.
Americanism, patriotism and moral
ity can mea.n but one thing. Of no
grade, no half measures, but whole
and complete. A man is not a Chris
tian if he is in any part an agent of
evil. He may see fit to wear the
cloak of Christianity, but he is only
fooling mortal man —not the all-see
ing God.
Rev. Mr. Twing assails the Knights
of the Ku Klux Klan. We would ask
the doctor if he knows the principles
of this organization, or the oath a
Klansman takes. Can he, or any
other true Christian, true American,
even imagine more lofty principles
than those which a loyal Klansman is
bound to abide by?
Since the advent of the Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan lawlessness
throughout the breadth of this land
has been on the wane; church attend
ance has materially increased, acts of
worthy charity have been more nu
merous, and as a direct result of the
work of the Klan there have been
more arrests' for violation of the 18th
amendment than ever before.
He speaks of methods of darkness,
oppression, hatred, race and religious
prejudice. Entire ignorance of ac
tual public workings of the Knights
of the Ku Klux Klan would only
cause these utterances. Nowhere can
anyone find evidence of oppression
and of hatred. A Klansman is taught
that he must abide by the Golden
Rule and assist the oppressed no mat
ter of what race, color or creed. A
Klansman cannot hate a Catholic, Jew
or Negro. Neither can he do other
than respect the ircharacteristics and
their creed. He must respect all who
obey the laws of the land and who
are children of God.
A belief in White Supremacy does
not mean that we hate the Negro
and would keep him from the bless
ings that the Lord gives us all, but
if the Rev. Mr. Twing will study his
Bible he will learn that the white and
colored races were not meant to in
termarry.
A true Klansman cannot hate the
Jew. He must respect the Hebrew’s
institutions and his right to worship
as he is led to believe is right. A
true Klansman cannot hate nor hold
any animosity against an honest
Catholic. The only brief he does hold
is against the governing power of
that church which seeks *to change
this country from a Protestant coun
try to a Catholic one. It is not the
Catholic church in America, but the
Romanish power which the Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan will be the domi
nating influence in stamping out.
We believe, and rightly so, that
this is a Protestant country, and a
Protestant country we will keep it.
Study your Bible, Rev. Mr. Twing.
Read the 12th chapter of Romans.
Then read Matthew 15, verses 11,
13-20; Matthew 7, verses 1,5, 12.
Then investigate this “Invisible Em
pire,” and you will also be a fighter
in our ranks providing, however, you
are a true American. — The Dawn.