THE CALL of the NORTH
it published every Friday by the Call of the North Publishing Co., St Paul. Minnas sea
and will stand for American institutions, principles, ideals and traditions withoat fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, but to shake up people’s minds; to hell
meld active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills snore false news and shrivels up more "bunk” than all the earaes
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by seriou
people.
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on nub
lished 'articles and separate the drose frr.m n»re sold in the current news of the day
P. J. ORN, I I ' ! ! ' ’ Editor In Chie
REV. W SMITH HARPER. D D.. ‘ ‘ ’ I Associate Edito
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE- By Mail *2.00 Per Year In Advanc
Send all news items and addreas all inquiries to EDl'iOK, CALL OF THE NORTH. Pm
Office Box 172, St. Psul, Minneaots. *•.
MAN’S MOST ANCIENT ENEMY—(Job 4:25.)
As we turn the pages of history we can see the subtle bu.
certain power of fear in the lives of individuals and nations.
Fear has rightly been termed man’s most ancient enemy.
It was fear that kept man in the caves of darkness for age*
unrecorded.
Our civilization would be far beyond that of today if man
had not remained in the caves for fear of enemies that had not
a single possibility of winning in the fight for supremacy.
One nation feared another and built high walls and main
tained large armies; later big navies and a thousand instruments
of destruction were added to the equipment for warfare. II
makes a person sick at hear when he considers the waste of war.
War lives by fear of man for man.
Men of vision have secluded themselves in the vaults of fear
and kept their light away from mankind. It takes courage to go
forth and point the right way in the face of ridicule and perse
cution. God only knows how many men have died without giv
ing the world their knowledge—because they feared.
Man seems to fear nearly everything: black cats, shadows.
No. 13, ghosts, pain, darkness, ridicule, death, bills, poverty,
work, being out of style, telegrams, wedding ceremony, the as
sessor, being called upon to deliver a speech, mice, old age.
There is only one kind of fear that is reasonable—fear lest
you fear.
It was Pilate that aided and abetted the crucifixion of Jesus
the Christ—because he feared.
It was Peter who denied his Savior because he feared.
It takes real courage to down and overmastering fear and
go forth.
History does not tell us how many great men and women
have fought fear before they fought the visible enemy.
People do evil and frequently “hand the buck,” as we say,
because they fear to “face the music.” More than one lie has
been born in the terrors of fear. More than one innocent person
has suffered because a coward showed his yellow streak.
We detest the coward, yet we all are cowards. There is not
a person that has not acted in a cowardly way at soma time or
other.
Many a man has shriveled and dried into a small-minded
individual because he fears to stand firm for that which is right.
Some people fear to line up for the right because they might
lose some business. I know a business man that is a Socialist
when the Socialists are around, a Republican when the Republi
cans are around, a Democrat when the Democrats are around.
He is as good a human weather vane as I have ever seen. He
tears to stand for anything that differs from the majority at
any given time.
How many people have the courage and stamina to stand
alone for principle? It is human to follow the crowd; but it is
Godlike to stand alone for truth and justice and righteousness.
We need men and women today who are unafraid.
. Moses feared not the Egyptians and led his people out of
the land of bondage. Christ feared not the Old Order and its
defenders and gave to the world a revolutionary code of life that
changed nearly everything touched. Paul feared not the slaves
of tradition and opened a continent to Christianity. Luther
feared not the Hierarchy and freed mankind from the enemy of
religious freedom. Washington feared not the autocracy across
the Atlantic and gave us freedom. Lincoln feared not the threat
of the secessionists and preserved the Union.
We need the UNAFRAID today. Give us men and women
who dare to stand firm for principles that will mean a better
world.
How can you overcome Fear?
First—Know thyself—realize your powers.
Second—Study your cause, your convictions—your motives.
Third—Keep physically and mentally fit.
Fourth—Develop stamina—sticking power.
Fifth—Draw upon the Great Source for strength.
-K-K
SPEECH BY GEN. U. S. GRANT, MADE AT DES MOINES,
"Let us, then, begin by guarding against every enemy threat
ening the prosperity Of free republican institutions. I do not
bring into this assemblage politics, certainly not partisan politics;
but it is a fair subject for the soldiers in their deliberations to
consider what may be necessary to secure the prize for which
they battled. In a republic like ours, where the citizen is the
sovereign and the officer the servant, where no power is exercised
except by the will of the people, it is important that the sov
ereign, the people, should foster intelligence—that intelligence
which is to preserve us as a free nation. If we are to have an
other contest in the near future of our national existence, I pre
dict that the dividing line will not be Mason and Dixon’s, but be
tween patriotism and intelligence on oe side and superstitution,
ambition and ignorance on the other. Now the centennial year of
our national existence, I believe is a good time to begin the work
of strengthening the foundations of the structure commenced by
our patriotic forefathers one hundred years ago at Lexington.
Let us all labor to aid needful guarantees for tfie security of free
thought, free speech, a free press, pure morals, unfettered re
ligious sentiments, and of equal rights and privileges to all men,
irrespective of nationality, color or religion. Encourage free
schools, and resolve that not one dollar appropriated for their sup
port shall be appropriated to the support of any sectarian schools.
Resolve that neither the state nor nation, nor both combined, shall
support institutions of learnings other than those sufficient to
afford to every child growing up in the land the opportunity of a
good common school education, unmixed with sectarian, pagan,
or atheistical dogmas. Leave the matter of religion to the family
altar, the church and the private school supported entirely by
private contributions. Keep the church and the state forever
separate. With these safeguards, I believe the battles which
created the army of the Tennessee will not have been fought In
IOWA* IN 1876.
' It is indeed strange that the enemies of the Klan have net
tried to connect the Ku Klux Klan with the flogging cases At
Macon, Ga., and the mob activities at Tulsa, Okla.? We can’t
just savy the inactivity of the muck-diggers and the lie-mongers.
Perhaps in the history of journalism there has never been as big
a piece of newspaper persecution as was centered against the
Klan at the time of the so-called Louisiana affair. Gruesome de
tails were featured in the daily press in a wild effort to discredit
the K. K. K. in the eyes of the public. Concocted stories were
•riven headlines set in box-car letters. Many people, even with
considerable intelligence, didn’t see through the fabrications that
were printed from day to day. It was only after the truth leaked
out that the newspapers dropped the sensational methods of
yellow journalism. When the public began to learn that the men
which were supposed to be murdered were alive, things took a
Afferent turn. There are some that can be made to believe that
an ash can is a folding bed, but not many. Likewise, there are a
number of people that can be made to believe that live men are
leader than coffin nails, but not many.
AMERICAN CATHOLIC QUARTERLY REVIEW;
VoL XLVII, January, 1923, No. 185.
“Luther in openly condoning immorality and preaching jus
tification by faith alone, in opposition to the explicit teaching of
St. Paul (1 Cor. xiii, 2) had given free rein (o human passions;
while Calvin, who scorned toleration, had autocratically imposed
his own jokes and gloomy creed upon his adherents.”
“Huguenots menaced the unity of the State as well as of the
Church. They enveloped the country in a network of conspir
acies, neglecting nothing calculated to foment civil war; like the
Orange Protestants in northeastern Ulster in another Catholic
country, where aided and encouraged by the British government,
:hey are endeavoring to at once establish another English pale
in place of the old Leinster, renationalized, and to found a purely
Protestent State in the most historic region of a land predomi
nantly Catholic.”
“As the Ku Klux Klan was systematically organized to
create prejudice, so Catholics should organize to destroy this
two-edged sword of prejudice against the negro by the estab
lishment of Claver Clubs.”
—Wm. M. Markoe in “America,” a Catholic Review of the Week
March 24.
WOULD YOU OR WOULD YOU NOTP
-k-k
Some Pointed Questions Worthy of Answers
If you had four ty)ys and two lit
tle girls, born in this wonderful
America, for whom on bended knees
/ou prayed, that the God of their
father might give to their feet those
paths of idealisms and Christians
standards that were yours in your
hildhood; and beheld all about you a
-nighty gathering of forces that
threatened to uproot and annihilate
the priceless teachings and glorious
nheritances that you covet for your
children, say friend, would you get up
\nd “shuck your coat” and double up
r our fist and fight?
Would You or Would Tom Not?
Ijf you had been taught to love
the constitution of your nation, to
espect her laws and regard those
authorities set for their eaforcement
as too noble for purchase and too
courageous for intimidation; and you
should look about you and find a
storm cloud of anarchy to right and
eft, men by the thousands who de
spised the constitution of your nation
and hated her laws; men who dared
boast of having purchased the very
officers set for the safety of your
community, say friend, what would
vou do? Would you rise up and
whet yopr sword and swear by all the
boldness God had ever given your
heart that such forces must be
driven back?
Would You or Would You Not?
If you from childhood had been
taught the glorious truths of Prot
estant Christianity and knew how
courageously those Protestant martyrs
had gone to flaming stakes and
bloody blocks and swinging ropes of
hemp that they might give to America
and other nations of the world the
right to worship God according to
the dictates of the conscience of the
worshiper; and you should look and
10, there comes a marching army,
bloody with the blood of martyred
f housands, * threatening to lay the
heavy hand of religious tyrany upon
HAWAII IS MENACED BY JAP IMMIGRATION
Problems of t
-]
Hawaii is a laboratory of Amer
ica’s Japanese problem. Laboratories
are not always pleasant places, how
ever essential they are for study,
and consequently Hawaii does not find
pleasure in dealing with issues
orientals raise there. The United
States, having opportunity to study
the Japanese problem as it is de
veloped in the mid-Pacific Islands,
should find the situation there most
helpful as the fight to keep America
free from oriental invasion continues.
Definite word how the Hawaiian
Islands finds the Japanese situation
is brought to California by Adjutant
General W. D. Potter of Honolulu.
“We do not trust the Japanese,
who makes up 45 per cent of the
population of Hawaii,” says General
Potter. “Dual citizenship exists
among those who are born in Hawaii.
The majority, my experience assures
me, care nothing for the ideals of
America and would support the mika
do to the last ditch. When those
born in the Islands begin to vote,
conditions will ba further compli
cated.”
lINT IT FUNNY?
K-K
K-K
your nation’s throat, dominate her
courts, control her public press,
throttle her schools and prohibit the
reading of the word of God within
them, say friend, would you sit calm
ly by or would you leap and meet
this foe as those who gave you life
have met this selfsame enemy of free
dom on the battle field?
Would You or Would You Not?
If many years ago you knelt In
child-like, simple faith and accepted
Jesus Christ as your personal Savior
and through the years had fought un
tiringly to do His will and serve His
cause, beliving in His deity, in his
Virgin birth and that heaven
wrought conception that was His
within a Virgin’s womb, looking to
Calvary and holding stubbornly that
Hi 3 shed blood upon that cruel tree
paid the price you could not pay and
ransomed you from sin, turning with
eyes all full of grateful tears from
Calvary to behold the empty tomb
from which your Savior came, having
conquered death and given to your
heart hope of life forever more; and
you should hear the muttering of the
coming storm of infidelity, posing as
the very friend of Christ, while it
denies all that is vital in His claim,
say, friend, what would you attitude
be? 'Would you march like a crusa
der in support of that cross and bat
tle like a man and a disciple for that
Christ?
Would You or Would You Not?
Then turn your eyes, my friend,
and note the coming of the foe. This
is no day for sleeping. This is no
hour for whimpering babes, full
grown in stature. This is no time
for those who claim they are Amer
icans and Protestants and Christians
to preach the soothing gospel .of paci
fying apology. This is the nooa of
that great dawning day when men
who are the sons of real Americans
and also the sons of God shall march
as true men march—to battle!
—BOB SHULLER’S MAGAZINE.
e Yellow Peril
of America—and that means Califor
nia—to Japanese immigration, must
know that Japanese are always Jap
anese. Wherever born, their loyalty
is always in their ancestral land.
This pride of race is commendable,
when consistent. But if that pride
is so strong, why do the Japanese
crowd against the ports of Califor
nia, waiting every chance to slip
here as a predatory horde, to strip
the land of what they can gain; their
ambition is to make this a Japanese
dependency, in population if not po
litically.
In Hawaii, as here, the Japanese
have their language schools, where
loyalty to the mikado is taught with
the alphabet and with the algebra.
California has passed laws to force
the teaching of American history and
ideals in the schools conducted by
Japanese. That is palliative.
The cure is to calk all the cracks
with drastic laws, so that no more
Japanese can slip through.
One laboratory of Japanese ag
gression is sufliclent. California dees
net wan* ■awnJft fetes s^gkwe
THE TRUTH ABOUT THE
IRISH IN THE REVOLUTION
■ k-k-k
Jolting Tht Re-Writers of American History
With Facts
-k-k
By BENJAMIN WELLINGTON
BRYANT.
Much has been said recently by
the champions of the new indoor
sport of “rewriting Americans his
tory” concerning “the Irish of the
Revolution.” It seems • passing
strange, however, that such ardent
advocates of historical accuracy
should overlook, or at least fail to
bring forward, certain vital facts con
cerning those particular Irish. The
propaganda in question would lead us
to believe, by implication, if not by
direct statement, that those Revolu
tionary Irish were merely the
eighteenth century forerunners of
the twentieth centurp Sinn Feiners,
and that the establishment of Ameri
can independence was but an ama
teurish prelude to the crowning
event of the ages—the proclamation
of the Irish Republic. We have
breathlessly awaited further discov
eries—or revelations —to prove that
our George Washington was but an
earlier incarnation of De Valera—
born in the slums of New Xos. of an
Irish mother and a'Spai $ father!
Much fjbtiTgr.ed
It is time that the truth regard
ing those much-maligned revolution
ary patriots, as well as some of the
facts regarding the other side of
the historical picture, should be
brought forward. If American his
tory must be rewritten, it is surely
as permissible that Masons should
lend a hand as it is for our friends
of the sacred hyphen. Masonry could
supply many missing pages of his
tory, but Masons, be.it remembered,
have not raised the cry for a “re
written history.” Recent historical
works have already been so thorough
ly emasculated that it has been re
marked with considerable justice
that “modern history consists of
those things to which no one can
-aise objection.” But it has remain
ed for those who have profited most
by the eliminations to assume the
elf-appointed task and proclaim
their purpose to further interfere
with the record.
Term “Irish” Applied With Injustice
It is indisputable fact that a very
'onsiderable number of our revolu
tionary patriots were either born in
Ireland or descended from settlers
who had immigrated from that un
happy island. But they were far
from being the kind of Irish that
our friends would lead us to believe.
In fact, the term ‘lrish” is applied
o them with about as much justice
as the appellation of “German” could
be to an Englishman or Scotchman
who happened to be born in Ger
many. The story of the colonization
of the north of Ireland by Scotch
Presbyterians in the sixteenth and
seventeenth centuries is too well
known to need repetition. From it
has come a legacy that has caused
British statesmanship many a sleep
’ess night during all the years that
have passed sinee that migration. In
the early eighteenth century the Brit
ish parliament, in what was to prove
a most unfortunate hour, passed bills
which resulted in seriously crippling
the commercial life of the industrious
North Ireland Protestants. Con
sequently untold thousands of those
people immigrated to America dur
ing the first half of that century.
Protestant “Irish” in America Took a
Big Part in Revolutionary War
With the first rumblings of that
storm which finally became the
American Revolution, those people
and their children, having the bitter
memories of injustice at the hands
of parliament still fresh in their
minds, were only too ready to spring
to arms to prevent a repetition of
the same conditions in America. It
was a most fortunate situation for
the cause of -independence, but far
from being so for the British Empire.
It is estimated by reliable authorities
that at the outbreak of the Revolu
tion those immigrants from Ireland,
together with their descendants,
numbered close to half a million, or
about one-sixth of the population of
the Colonies. They were of a brave
and sturdy stock whose Irish tradi
tions consisted of one long fight to
preserve their racial and feligious in
tegrity, they were fresh from condi
tions which were a fairly close paral
lel to those which king and parlia
ment were seeking to" impose upon
the colopists, and they were, to a
man, uncompromisingly -Protestant.
Moreover, a very considerable num
ber of them were Masons.
“Irish’* Patriots of Revolutionary
Days Identified
In view of the present propaganda
it may be of interest and profit to
identify a few of the members of our
Fraternity during that period who
were of Irish birth or extraction.
Much has been written in the public
tions of the Craft regarding their
Masonic affiliations, but little at
tempt has been made to effect a
racial classification from a Masonic
standpoint.
The lame of Sullivan Is eae that
leaves as doubt vecardiag the aateee
tuh ti «i hens* hut Can. John
Sullivan, of Washington’s army, was
born in Maine. His father, Owen
Sullivan, was born in Limerick, Ire
land, during the siege of that place
in 1691 and immigrated in 1723. The
son became the first Grand Master
of Masons in New Hampshire.
The Clinton brothers, James and
John, both Revolutionary generals
and Masons, were sons of Charles
Clinton, who was born in County
Longford in 1691 and immigrated
about 1729.
General Wayne, “Mad Anthony,”
another Mason, was the son of a
Yorkshireman who settled in Coun
ty Wicklow and commanded a com
oany of dragoons at the battle of
l he Boyne. He later emigrated to
\merica. His son evidently inherit
ed his fighting ability.
Gen. Richard Montgomery, who
fell in the attack upon Quebec, was
% native of Ireland, having been
born at Swords, near Feltrim, in
1636.
General Stark’s father emigrated
•from the north of Ireland some time
orior to 1728 in which the
future geneAl GdaeAls
Nixon and Aurc -sd are believed to
Imve been Jfcives of Ireland. Lieut.
Col. Hugh Maxwell is known to have
been of Irish birth. Col. Thomas
Procter, the Master of Ceremonies at
the Masonic Memorial Services for
Washington, which were held at
Philadelphia in 1799, was a Revolu
tionary soldier with a distinguished
record. He was also one of the
founders of the St. Tammany Society
of Philadelphia and later became its
Sachem. Colonel Procter was of
Irish birth.
Capt. Jeremiah O’Brien, the victor
in the first naval engagement of the
Revolution —the capture of the Mar
rharetta in the harbor of Machias
five days before Bunker Hill—was,
like General Sullivan, a native of
but his name unmistakably in
dicates Irish antecedents. Some
ears ago a " movement was launched
und a bill introduced in Congress to
?rect a suitable monument at Wash-
: ngton to the memory of the brave
'’aptain, but the Irish Catholic so
cieties, who were behind the move
ment, suddenly lost interest when it
was discovered that he was a charter
member of Warren Lodge of Masons
at Machias, Maine.
Catholic Irish Patriots Only Few In
Number
The foregoing have all been identi
fied as Freemasons. The only Catho
lic Irish generals in the Continental
A.rmy were Moylan and the notorious
Conway. Moylan was a loyal soldier
and a distinguished officer in the
struggle for independence. Conway,
however, was deeply ivolved in, and
his name to the infamous “Con
way Cabel” against Washington.
Of the signers, it is universally ad
mitted that Charles Carroll was the
only Catholic. He was descended
from the ancient and noble Irish fam
ily of O’Carroll. Charles Carroll,
unlike so many of his latter-day co
religionists, placed his Arhericanism
first, and there is nothing to indicate
that he ever made use of the hy
phen. ,
The Masonic affiliations of the re
mainder of the Signers are so much
in dispute that I will not attempt to
discuss that phase of the subject
here. It is worth noting, however,
that George Taylor and James Smith
at least were born in Ireland; and
Matthew . Thornton, George Reed,
Thomas McKean, Edward Rutledge
and Thomas Lynch were of Trish
Mrth. All were certainly Protestant.
No doubt there were others, but this
is not intended as an exhaus
tive treatment of the subject, so
these few will suffice. The framers
of the Mecklenburg Declaration, ac
cording to Madison Peters, were
mostly Masons and North Ireland
Presbyterians.
That there were many loyal patri
ots in the Revolutionary struggle
who bore Catholic Irish blood in their
veins is not to be disputed. But men
of the type of Carroll, Moylan, and
Commodore John Barry were certain
’y Americans first. Our. histories
have already paid them due hcoor,
and, if the average historical work
fails to mention their Irish blood or
their Catholic faith, so also will the
same work fail to mention that
Washington was a Mason, General
Greene, a Quaker, or Thomas Paine,
a Freethinker. Neither the Free
masons, the uaken, nor the Free
thinkers, however, have demanded a
“rewritten history” on that account.
Historical Facta the K of C*a Don’t
Tell
Unfortunately there is another
phase of the history of the Irish in
the Revolution which we would all
’ike to forget. The historian Ban
croft is authority for the statement
that in 1777, when the British found
themselves hard pushed for men to
carry on the war, General Howe was
able to raise a regiment of Roman
Catholics in Philadelphia, and tha
British General Clinton raised a
large regiment for Lord Rawden tu
THEY WILDLY CRY,
WE ARE PERSECUTED
—K-K-K
WILD EFFORTS MADE TO BE-
CLOUD THE ISSUES
—K-K-K
Portland, Ore.—Luther I. Powell,
king kleagle of the Pacific North
west domain of the Ku Klux Klan,
has issued a statement regarding the
passage ofthe Oregon school law, and
the misinterpretation placed upon it
by its enemies, in which he points out
that the religious element of the bill
was injected by the opponents, not by
the advocates, and that it was never
intended that th% measure should
bring about religious contentions.
“A government founded on the will
of the people will preserve their lib
erties in exact proportion to their
understanding of its principles and
no more,” he said. “The foundation
of such understanding is a common
school education. The bill required
that and that only. It neither re
quired nor prevented anything else.
Privately anything desired might be
taught, including all religion or no
religion. It did not tak away and
constitutional or other rights.
“Private schools,” he continued,
are generally under various religious
denominations, each endeavoring to
increase its membership and power
by shaping the mental development
of the young. The purpose is laud
able and the field open to all sects,
but in the accomplishment of this
purpose and the tendency is to get
away and depreciate the public sys
tem. It is for the perpetuation of
the public schools that we contend
and not for the destruction or injury
of any religious sect. The religious
question injected into the controversy
came from the opposition.
Objections From Two Sources
“The objection to the bill, then,
came from two sources—those who
wished to work their children and col
’ect their earnings, and those who ob
ject to the requirements that the
public school curriculum shall be
taught privately no matter what else
is or is not taught; as a frank dec
’aration of either of these objectors,
the cry of ‘religious prosecution’ is
all that is left.
“The coward who was a slacker in
the World War shouted his religious
scruples against wars, while he re
mained at home and profiteered.
“When the Turk is threatened with
punishment for murdering Armeni
ans, he answers that the Mohamedan
religion requires him to put unbe-
Hevers to death and he screems ‘re
ligious persecution’ is an attempt is
made to stop his bloodshed.
“Church organizations which have
burned countless thousands as here
tics who differed from them in re
’igious beliefs cry ‘religious persecu
tion’ when it is proposed that child
ren shall learn common-school stud
ies, and discounting the fact that at
the same time they may be taught
the religion of the church in the
home or private school.
“There is a fundamental principle
involved which means the ultimate
perpetuation or destruction of free
institutions, based upon the perpetu
ation or destruction of the public
schools. To defend them from en
croachments, either open or secret,
is the settled policy of the Ku Klux
Klan, and with its white robed sen
tinels keeping eternal watch, it shall
for all tice, with its blazing torches
as signal fires, stand guard on the
outer walls of the temple of liberty,
cry out the warming when danger ap
pears,, and take its place in the front
ranks of defenders of the public
schools.”
ARROW POINTS
Germany owes us $1,479,064,313.92.
We may get the 92 cents.
Borah tells us that the league has
failed to usher in peace; but then, so
has Borah.
It is safest to tell your wife every
thing—but tell her before some one
else does.
For that matter, the state of mat
rimony can’t endure half-slave and
half-free.
If your motor is missing keep
cheerful. So many people find their
entire cars missing.
Each nation, it appears, trusts in
God. Now all that is needed is for
them to trust in one another.
sively Catholic Irish. Among them
were some 500 deserters from the Con
tinental Army. At that period it is
estimated that there were not to ex
ceed 25,000 Catholics, men, women
and children, in the entire thirteen
colonies, so these two regiments must
have represented a very considerable
percentage of the able-minded male
adherents of that faith.
To thus uncover family skeletons
is by no means a pleasant task.
Probably there are few families, par
ties, cults or nations but have some
gruesome bones hidden away in the
closets of history. Otherwise there
might be a more widespread en
thusiasm for genealogy. But when
any group, sect, party or people shall
insist upon converting history into
propaganda, it must be expected that
some of the unregenerate will rattle
the dry bones. If any particular
group must rewrite history, let them
present all the facts, lest seme less
gentle band feel the moving «d tbe
svUffi «e the teaMftfcr A*