VOLUME 1. NUMBER 4.
KLUXERS ARE HEARD
HAPPILY KLUXIN6
So Many K’s at Owatonna that Hens
Owatonna, Minn.—Meetings are be
ing held here quite frequently to take
care of the large number that wish
to join the kluxing chorus of the
Kluxers. The basses still out-number
the tenors, but it is natural to ex
pect that, and perhaps it will ever
be so.
The thing that is a wonder of won
ders to the people who have de
nounced the Klan in bitterest terms
is that no churches have been burned
or anybody tarred and feathered. So
many were made to believe by the
wise-boys that Klansmen are lowbrow
cutthroats that the credulous are at
loss to understand the peacefulness
of the local unit of the K. K. K.
Like the pest in the primer story, the
“I'm-telling-fellows” still think the
Klan is a menace. All who know the
Klan admit, however, that it is a
menace to the traffic of bootleggers, to
the freedom of irreligious libertines,
to the peace of home-breakers, to the
happiness of the lawless element.
Over the entire United States, it's
a fact, the bootleggers “leg it” when
they hear the klux of the Klaners.
THE (U (LUX (LAH
MEETS AT FAIRMONT
Rumored That Organization Initiates
Hundreds at Secret Session.
Fairmont, Minn.—The Knights of
the Ku Klux Klan held an organ
ization meeting in the Legion hall
here Saturday night and are rumored
to have initiated 100 members. The
meeting was kept secret, questions
regarding the leasing of the hall be
ing answered with the reply that it
was for a “political meeting.”
An organizer from outside of Fair
mont, thought to have come from
Minneapolis, appeared at the meet
ing. He came into town after dark
and left before daylight.
An open air meeting was held near
here about a month ago at which
names of those interested in the Klan
were taken, and it is believed here
that the men who gave their names
were initiated last night.—Pioneer
Press.
f v
K. K. K. News From Here and There
Briefly Told.
Altoona Klan, Realm of Pennsyl
vania, last week contributed the sum
of one hundred dollars to the cam
paign of the Women’s Christian Tem
perance Union and forwarded to
Governor Gifford Pinchot a pledge
that they would help and assist the
constituted authorities in the enforce
ment of the prohibition laws.
Bethlehem Klan, Realm of Penn*
sylvania, is one of the most active
organizations in that part of the
country. recently staged a pub
lic meeting at which four' speakers
explained the patriotic aims and
ideals of the order. Later the Klan
visited the Baptist church, a commit
tee making a suitable donation.
The legislature of Wisconsin by a
vote of 58 to 19, recently killed the
Peterson bill, memoralizing congress
to make it treason for the Ku Klux
Klan to refuse to submit its roster
of membership at request of public
officials.
Klansman Walter J. Casey of Klan
101, Realm of Arkansas, was shot
and killed some days ago by a des
parado who escaped from the county
jail. Klansman Casey was a deputy
United States marshal.
Women of the Ku Klux Klan joined
in the recent parade and celebration
inducted by Choptank Klan Number
5, Realm of Maryland, at Cambridge,
Md. The joint parade was led by the
chief of police and headed by the
band of the Federalsburg Klan. Re
freshments were served all visitors
at the Cambridge Klavern.
Madison Klan, Realm of Wisconsin
are making plans for the construction
of their own Klavern building. It will
be the first Klan Temple to be erected
in that state.
Versailles Klan, Realm of Indiana,
has done much good work recently in
eo-operation with the properly con
stituted officers of the law. They have
practically rid their counter boot
leggers. j v
THE CALL <>/ ®*e NORTH
Fear a Musical Battle.
KLAN KOMMENT
THE WOMEN (.K.K.
GROWING IN MINN.
Queen Kleagle Finds Women Anxious
to Do Their Bit.
St. Paul, Minn.—A very enthusi
astic meeting of Protestant women
was held this week here and many
women made application for member
ship in the Women of the Ku Klux
Klan. In a few days there will be
a class of women initiated into the
largest women’s organization in the
United States, here in St. Paul. There
is now no doubt but that the wives,
mothers, sisters and sweethearts of
Klansmen want to join hands with
the men in the great and noble task
of makig America a better place in
which to live. Requests for informa
tion and applications for member
ship are coming in from all parts of
the state revealing a keen interest
in the Women’s organization. In the
course of a few weeks field workers
of the W. K. K. K. will be sent over
the state. In the meantime the field
workers of the Klan may be asked
for information concerning the Wom
en of the Ku Klux Klan and informa
tion received can be fully relied up
on. The Queen Kleagle can be reached
by addressing letters to Post Office
Box 172, St. Paul, Minn.
The Queen Kleagle in an address
to Protestant men recently expressed
the will of Protestant women when
she said:
“During the dark hours of the
Great War our General Pershing went
to France with out first troops and
at the tomb of Lafayette expressed
in a beautiful way the glorious an
nouncement to the French people
when he said, ’Lafayette, we have
come.’ Likewise I tonight in the
name of the Protestant women of
Minnesota say to you, KLANSMEN,
WE HAVE COME.
“We have come to join hands with
you in the great cause. We realize
the tremendous need for united act
ion and are here to do our part in the
pressing task demanding attention
from those who truly love America
and her beloved institutions and fun
damental principles of righteousness..
We have come with out faith, our de
votion, our love, our encouragement,
our feminine strength and our right
to vote. No one can deny that woman
is a mighty factor; in American civili
zation; no one will refute the state
ment that back of every accomplish
ment of men have stood their moth
ers, their wives, their sisters, their
sweethearts.
“The challenge of Service is being
placed before all the Protestant wo
men of Minnesota and the whole Na
tion. It will cheer you, Klansmen,
to know that the women are answer
ing the challenge by thousands.
Klansmen, listen and believe, WE
HAVE COME.”
SOMMER NOW RILED
Klan Paper Attacks Chief Third Suc-
cessive Week.
(St. Paul Daily News, Aug. 14)
“Pop says: Commissioner Sud
heimer, isn’t it about time for a
Sommer cleaning?”
This was the blackface headline
which stared at Police Chief Frank
Sommer as he stepped out on his
porch this morning. •
It was in the K. K. K. paper, the
Call of the North, which some one
had placed on the porch of his home,
4th and Franklin streets.
When he arrived at the police sta
tion he was still threatening to burn
all Klansmen on sight.
It was the third edition of the pa
per which has made an attack on
the chief in every issue.
WISCONSIN KLANS
HOLD BIG PICNIC
Racine, Wis., Aug. 7.—lowa, Wis
consin, Indiana and Illinois Klans
men were present here last Saturday
for the first Wisconsin picnic, bar
becue, entertainment and ceremonial
held by the Knights of the Ku Klux
Klan in this section of the country.
There was a circus in the after
noon, music by five bands, athletic
contests, stunt contests, lectures, an
old fashioned barbecue, fireworks
and a naturalization ceremony.
SOME “FAKE!”
The Indianapolis News carried an
account of the recent big Klan gath
ering at Evansville, Ind., in which
they quoted in detail a speech deliv
ered by Dr.’ H, W. Evans, Imperial
Wizard, to the Klansmen present.
They quoted the head of the Klan as
saying there was lack of harmony in
the order. The story might have held
water and deceived a few credulous
readers had it not baau for tht fact
that D* H. W. Evans did net at
tend the IvansvtiU meeting and did
not make any speech.
“Eternal Vigilance is Hie Price of Liberty"
An Open Letter ta Police Officials
We should fully recognize the importance of law enforcement at all times and
under every possible condition. No community is a good place to live in where police
officials do not do their duty fearlessly. The lawless elements continuously seek pro
tection from the hand of the Law and it is startling to what degree they are successful.
Bribes and graft money enter into nearly all the arrangements made between the law
violators and officials of the law. Enumerable temptations are thrown in the paths of
public officials and the weakness of the flesh opens the way to protection. The failure
of police officials come to our attention day in the year and no person can
truthfully say that law is fully enforced. V&ien even the most indifferent observer is
astounded by the laxity of law enforcement, purely there is a great need fof some very
determined action. Alibis are not in order, excuses are uninteresting, promise after
promise followed by inaction are rediculous, temporary spurts of enforcement featured in
the daily press deceive very few. We emphasize it—“lf officers of the law can't
enforce the law the KU KLUX KLAN. In the name of the people the Klan demands
better law enforcement. Every policeman, every sheriff and every officer of the law is
under scrutiny and a day of judgment is not far away for every official who fails to
do his duty. The people demand results from the duly constituted officers of the law,
and by the eternal they are going to get results or know the reason.
Things have come to a pretty pass when scarlet women can ply their hellish
business with little trouble, when bootleggers can sell their poison with considerable
safety, when gambling is winked at with smiling indifference, when crooks of every
kind evade the penalties of the law so frequently as to seem commonplace. It is time
to take law enforcement out of dirty politic®. Too many police officials have permitted
the lawless to get the “goods on them” making it nearly impossible for them to do
their duty without receiving threats of exposure. Political gangsters frequently swing
the whip—“l’ll see that you are fired if you don't play with me.” The average
policeman is a mighty fine fellow and would go the limits to get law violators, but is
held back by “higher ups.” The Ku Klux Klan is preaching a gospel of law enforce
meift by legal methods and legally it will make every effort to bring about better con
ditions.
An officer (433) was seen slapping & poorly dressed man and with a profanity that
was worse than vicious, shouted, “I told you to stay off the street; get out of here in
a hurry.” A lady standing nearby could hardly believe that police officials had a
right to strike any person who made not the slightest effort to resist arrest, neither
could she believe that it was the right thing for an officer to use dirty language on the
street where women were standing around. A policeman represents the law and wears
the uniform of the law—he should at all times act truly regarding his important
plape in society. The least the officer of the law should do would be to respect the
uniform he wears.
Recently a man was seen serving as an officer of the law, who as an officer had
been found guilty of violating law, and after paying the penalty of his unlawful act
had been reinstated. When a police official has been found guilty of> violating law
that should forever bar him from service as an officer of the law. We understand that
in a certain community there is a man serving as a detective who as an officer of the
law violated the prohibition laws and was found guilty and punished. It is alleged
that this man's name is Lavalle or La Valfe. Anyway we are going to investigate
the matter when we visit the community again. No person should serve in the law
enforcement department of any city or county that has an unsavory reputation.
Every good citizen will stand back of police officials that do their duty. As a
whole the people of this country want laws enforced. The Ku IQux Klan does and
will always assist all officials of the Taw in their legal duties. The four-square police
official has a loyal friend in every Klansman, but the crooked or incompetent officer of
the law can expert nothing but hostility from the Klan. The Knights of the Ku Klux
Klan believe in law enforcement and realize fully that “where law ends there tyranny
begins.” k I
KLAN ITEMS
Sandwich Klan, Realm of Illinois,
were hosts to visiting Klansmeri from
Hinckley, Plano, Aurora, Oswego,,
Plainfield, Joliet and Ottawa Klans
some days ago. They held a spec
tacular open air naturalization cere
mony.
Montgomery Klan No. 3, Realm of
Alabama, plans a public naturaliza
tion ceremony on the night of Au
gust 23. This will be one of the
greatest Klan gatherings ever held
in this realm. The Grand Dragon
and his Titans are to be present.
Hundreds of visiting Klansmen are
expected.
Pipestone JQlansman “Exposes” Himself
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA, FRIDAY, AUGUST 17, 1928
OF INTEREST
The Klans of the nation are giving
more than million dollars to charity
each year concerning which nothing
is made public.
Some of the men who two years
ago were the most severe critics of
the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan are
now our most loyal members.
Wellston, Ohio, Klan had charge of
Klan Day at the Jackson County fair
last week. Klansmen were present
from Jackson and adjoining counties
and a large class of candidates was
initiated at night. The Women of the
Ku Klux Klan also initiated a large
number of new members. ,
Yours sincerely, 1
P. J. ORN,
Editor, Call of the North.
50,000 Gather to Hear Klan Chief
and Witness Initiation of
Candidates.
St. Louis, Mo.—This city was the
center of much activity recently
when the Knights of the Ku Klux
Klan, headed by Imperial Wizard Dr.
H. W. Evans, held a gigantic meet
ing at Wellston race track and in
itiated a huge class of candidates
into the Invisible Empire.. Machines
three and four abreast jammed the
roads leading to the grounds as more
than 50,000 persons clamored for ad
mittance.
The meeting was open to all and
the prominent speakers who ad
dressed the big crowds that gathered
in the grandstand were received
with marked favor. Cheers and ap
plause were frequent when the Klan
was mentioned at various times
throughout the evening.
Two big fiery crosses placed at
each end of the race track burned
continuously throwing light in the
center of the field that was open to
Xlansmen only. The crosses were
lighted, by gas and presented
unique appearance.
The series of addresses were con
cluded at about ten-thirty, and fol
lowing this was the address of the
Imperial Wizard, who spoke inside
the oval and to Elansmen and
Klanswomen only. The air resounded
with tremendous cheering as he
drove home point after point in
favor of loyalty to the flag, to the
constitution and to all things Amer
ican.
As Dr. Evans approached the spe
cially made speakers' stand fr6m the
end of the track, the candidates
numbering about 1,000, made a forty
foot path for him and applauded as
he marched through with Us staff.
IMPERIAL WIZARD
SPEARS BEFORE BIG
CROWD AT ST. LOUIS
Serifs of Addresses
DULUTH AND RANGE
CITIES IN KLANLIGHT
Americans in Northern Part of Min
nesota Much Interested
in K. K. K.
Duluth, Minn.—The field workers
of the Invisible Empire are being
received with open arms in and
around Duluth. Much real interest
is found throughout this section of
the state, and from all signs it will
not be long until the white robe of
Klandom will be seen here as often
as in the southern part of the state.
The better elements here are tired
of seeing bad conditions exist that
could be entirely removed by earnest,
determined men and women organ
ized on an effective basis, and so
welcome the Klan workers now in
this territory.
There are a large number of
Klansmen in this part of the state
and are anxious to strengthen their
numbers to such an extent that a
satisfactory effectiveness may be as
sured.
From reports that come to N us,
Klansmen have been assembling from
time to time at. or near Virginia.
The fiery cross has been seen on sev
eral occasions and aroused much cur
iousrty.
Some of the large number of for
eign born here seem to be laboring
under the impression that the Klan
is fighting them, but all who are
familiar with the Ku Klux Klan know
it is doing nothing of the kind. The
Klan is interested in bettering the
conditions of peoples in this country
to the point where they will fully ap
preciate the United States. Of
course the radical, foreign trouble
maker can expect little sympathy
from the Klan. However the various
foreign elements living here are not
going to be lead astray by a few
fools, who are bitterly against the
Klan for no reason worth mention
ing, that damn and denounce in wild
terms of hate.
Very shortly five National Klan
lecturers will find their way into
northeastern Minnesota and will
spread the gospel of Khmcraft
throughout this section.
ONE HUNDRED
WOMEN AT BOONE
Mrs. Allen E. Brown, Queen Kleagle
for lowa.
Boone, lowa, Aug. 9.—Nearly 100
local women were naturalized into
the order of the Women of the Ku
Klux Elan at a ceremonial held in
the open air near this city last eve
ning.
The oath of naturalization was
read to the new Klanswomen as they
stood beneath a huge flaming cross
and in the presence of a large num
ber of Des Moines and local Elans
women who came to aid in the cere
monial.
Following the services there were
several addresses by prominent
Elanswomen, included among them
Mrs. Allen E. Brown, Queen Eleagle
for the state of lowa, who spoke
briefly upon the aims of the order
and charged the newly-naturalized
members with their duty to their
country and Elan.
Mrs. Brown stated that she had
long waited for the time when the
wives, sweethearts and women rela
tives and friends of Elansmen could
be brought into an organization
where they would be able to stand
side by fide in the cause, and fight
for the things most needed in Amer
ica.
In addition to the Boone women
there were many from nearby towns
who were brought here to be natural
ized into the order.
Although the general public could
not enter the field inside the race
track, the ceremonies carried on
there could be seen easily from the
grandstand and the whole scene was
most imprssive as the candidates
given the oath of Americanism
and became Enights of the Eu Elux
Elan.
Delegation Meats Dr. Evans
Dr. Evans arrived in the city Sat
urday morning where he was met by
a large delegation of Elansmen in
higher circles, and in the evening a
banquet was given in his honor in
which a very large number of Elans
men attended. He was more than
pleased with the progress of the or
ganization in Missouri and also with
the warm welcome with which the
city received him.
Enthusiasm is at a high pitch in
Elandom here at present and many
more initiations will be held in the
near future. v -
' $2.00 A YEAR. 5c A COPY
DAWSON FOLKS
ARE WONDERING
Dollars to Doughnuts the Lac qui
Parle City Has K. K. K.
Members.
Dawson, Minn.—An iron cross
wrapped in oil soaked rage burned
on the river bank in Dawson a few
evenings ago and caused considerable
comment about the city aa to its
meaning. It is said that a man in
a Ford car hurried to the spot, erect
ed the cross, lighted it and drove
swiftly away. A similar cross on a
larger scale was burned at Monte
video not long ago. The Ku Klux
Elan is said to be responsible for
both happenings.
There are some persons here who
talk loudly against the Elan but when
pinned right down to facts admit
they have only hearsay information.
However th£ Elan representative
finds most people very interested in
the organization.
YOU ARE MUCH TOO
SURE MR. EDITOR
Organizers For K. K. K. Active in
Neighboring Towns.
(Granite Falls (Minn.) Tribune)
Organizers for the Eu Klux Elan
are very active in neighboring towns
but so far none has visited Granite
Falls.
In some cities the local newspa
pers report the organizers coldly re
ceivd halls closed to them and public
meetings dispersed, while in other
cities the men occupy churches and
public halls. At Redwood Falls and
also at Winnebago the city councils
refused the organizers the privilege
of holding public meetings within the
limits of the city boundaries.
Very few towns (only three) have
denied Elansmen the right of free
speech. It certainly is not to the
credit of any town to permit a mis
guided mayor to use his ounce of pub
lic service as an instrument of fool
ishness. So when you see press re
ports stating that a mayor has for
bidden a Elan lecture the right to
speak, write it in your book as an ac
tion of officious boneheadness and
contrary to our Constitution.
EDITOR.
(UN FIREWORKS
AT FIRESTONE
Americans in Southwestern Minne
sota City Already a Factor.
Pipestone, Minn.—Pipestone Elan
is making progress in Elan activities
and already the great American or
ganization is a factor for the better
ment of the community. Recently a
fiery cross was burned north of the
city which together with a fireworks
display aroused considerable interest,
and viewed by many Pipestone people.
Real American citizens of Pipestone
are beginning to see that there is
nothing but good in the Eu Elux Elan
and much favorable comment Is
heard.
Threatening letters were sent to
several people of Pipestone bearing a
triple E signature. In that no let- -
ters of the Elian are sent out unless
signed properly with the full name
of the writer Elansmen paid little
attention to the stir that the letters
aroused. The enemies of the Elan
like to feature the letters and with
owl-like wisedom blink and loudly in
sist that Elansmen here sent the let
ters. A certain woman of Pipestone,
it is alleged, sent the letters for a
malicious purpose.
A Elan lecturer will be in Pipe
stone sometime soon. But in that
this city as a whole believes in free
speech the people will be glad to
have the opportunity to learn more
about the E’s.
(UN GANIOATE
FOR MAYOR IN
MARION, OHIO
Two Republican mayoralty candi
dates, named in yesterday's primaries
are credited with owing their nomina
tions to support of the Eu Elux Elan.
At Marion, Ohio, home city of the
late President Harding, Rev. Martin
L. Buckley, pastor of the Christian
Church, and reported to have had
Elan supporters, ran away from a
field of four for the Republican nom
ination. At Newark, W. H. N. Stev
ens, avowed Elan candidate, defeated
Mayor Samuel Orr, Republican, for a
second tarn. * .