- VOLUME 1, NUMBER 21
Spoils Must Be Removed In Congress
MARTIN COUNTY KLAN WINS VERY BEAUTIFUL FLAG
Reward for Largest Increase of Membership Strength in
the State of Minnesota Over a Given Period of Time.
Fairmount, Minn.—ln the Klavem
of the local Klan, the beautiful Amer
ican flag offered as a prize by the
State Department of the Minnesota
Ku Klux Klan, was presented to the
Martin county organization by a rep
resentative 6f the state office. This
flag was won by Martin county after
a spirited contest wherein the Klans
of Minnesota united all their efforts
to show the largest increase of mem
bership strength within a given time.
The Martin county boys certainly are
to be congratulated for their achieve
ment, in that this organization had
many spirited competitors out to win
the coveted emblem of our beloved
country. In Martin county there has
long prevailed a most delightful spirit
of co-operation, which has brought
forth most satisfactory results.
Surely no one will say that the Mar
tin County Klan did not deserve the
prize they won. ■
The flag was made out of a double
thickness of the best grade of silk.
All seams and stitchings were done
by hand. Examination of the flag
shows that skilled workmanship was
used in constructing this splendid
emblem. The flag was edged with
the highest quality of silk fringe.
With the flag presented, was included
a standard, decorated wtih a spread
gold eagle. The total cost of the
flag was $lO6 wholesale.
This flag was carried at the head
of the first Klan parade ever held in
the state of Minnesota, at Albert
Lea, Minn., on September 1, 1923,
and therefore -is of historic impor
tance and will be carefully preserved
by the Martin County Klan, who
prize it very much.
A very inspirational address of ac
ceptance was given by a Martin
county minister in behalf of the
Klansmen in his county, in response
to the unusually strong presentation
speech made by the National Klan
Lecturer who presented the flag for
the state office.
The address we print in full, as
follows:
“Mr. Chairman and Fellow Citizens
of the Invisible Empire, Knights
of the Ku Klux Klan:
“It is an exceptional honor and my
privilege to extend to you a most
hearty greeting and a whole-hearted
welcome to our beautiful city, our
circle, and the county of Martin.
“Your coming here thrills our
hearts and we realize that an event
of this nature is an epoch-making and
history-making event, and we feel
highly honored to have you with us.
We once more, with one accord, bid
you a hearty welcome.
“Holy ambitions and visionary sen
timents have brought us together
here tonight.
“Every Klansman here present has
taken the. most sacred vow that can
come from the human heart, and can
roll from the lips of men.
“Every Klansman here present has
espoused himself to the greatest
movement on earth since the Cross of
Jesus, the Christ was planted oir Cal
vary’s Hill.
“The spirit of this peerless move
is a man-power movement as divine
as Jehovah himself. It was born in
travail, like every good movement,
and sprang from the blood bedewed
soil at the foot of the Cross of Jesus,
the Christ. «
“The spirit of this pereless move
ment is kindled by the divine fire of
the Fatherhood of God, the Brother
hood of our Elder Brother, the Son,
and the Fellowship of the Great
Spirit..
“Like God, the Invisible Empire of
the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan has
the acme of genuineness and the
character of eternity, and because it
embodies eveVy god-born and god
like element, and represents in oper
ative principles the ideals of the
Master Man of Galilee, it has been
called into life by Divine Providence,
never to die.
“Paramount in our nation’s welfare
stand the ideals of Protestantism.
America is the land of Protestantism
and must, indeed, evermore become
the world’s power house of this great
est principle.
“We are Americans,'Klansmen and
Protestants and are proud of it; yes,
we are ready to die like our fore
fathers that this god-given heritage
■ be perpetuated and handed dpwn to
'r %
THE VOICE OF MILITANT PROTESTANTISM OF THE NORTHWEST
me CALL me NORTH
posterity unsullied and undefiled.
“No republic ever grew and thrived
on papal-blessed soil. It was Prot
estantism that gave us the open
Bible and the institutions of liberty
and freedom that came therefrom.
“No Bible-reading people have ever
been mentally or socially enslaved.
The free Republic of America and her
government could never have had ex
istence but for the Bible.
“If this republic shall survive and
stand, Protestant Apierica must fur
nish the life-giving elements to sus
tain and maintain it. Most assuredly
not from any other source will these
ideals be fostered and sponsored.
“We recognize no earthly king but
justice, we bow to no -crown save
the Crown of Liberty, we have no
Kaiser but our conscience. Knights
of the Ku Klux Klan, you must be
the criterion of American citizenship!
-'.I: .1
I THE WISE MEN of the EAST I
fl "BY CARftIE PRIMROSE fl
fl Long centuries ago, in the days H
H of Herod the Great, came wise- fl
fl men from the East to Jerusalem, B \
HI seeking the New born King, who B
■ should redeem the world from the B ' «,
■ depths of darkness and sin into B
B which it was plunged in those days fl
.. B when Israel was looking for the B
fl promised Messiah. Who were these fl
MHHHMMHnBBBBHHnn whence came
whither were they bound? What
B " inspired them in making such a fl
B . quest and v/hat was the purpose of their mission? What guided them over the d&rk shifting sands of the Syrian desert? B
B We are certain of very little concerning them, save the short account in Scripture. They are believed to be the Magi, or three B*
B wise men from the countries far to the east of Palestine. They seem to have been deeply versd in astronomy, and astrology, f fl
fl and were men of great importance in their councils with Kings. Evidently they had been searching the heavens for some sign fl
B of His coming, for they said, ‘*We have seen His star in the east and have come hither to worship Him/’ Possibly the seed fl
B of truth had been planted in v their hearts by the exiled Jews, and the hand of God led them, holding his starry lamp before fl
B their faces to show the way over the dark desert, till they should look upon Him whom they rought, and forever proclaim Him fl
H to be the light and hope of the Gentile world. The mystery and romance connected with their sudden appearance in Palestine B
B * at the time of the fulfillment of the Messianic promise is very significant, and appealing to the imagination. In fancy we fl
B can see the soft radiance of the “Star of Bethlehem” guiding the travelers along their weary way, and see its rays light B
B up the features of their dark faces, strong in their determination, and filled with awe as they gaze upon their heavenly guide. fl
B From the far East they came perhaps from Persia, Chaldea or Media, and after long months of weary travel they draw nearer fl
B and nearer to the Holy City, ’till at last they can see Jerusalem, the beautiful, nestling in the “Everlasting 4jill beyond the B
B Jordan. Murmuring a prayer of B
thanksgiving they, enter through
the h^b^hbbbh^h^hihbbbbbhi
, B the l palace, and in the court the pa- .. B- / .
fl tient, say-eyed camels are made to B
. " B kneel; the riders dismount and en- fl „ *
B. ter into the presence of Herod, the fl
B ruler of Judea. This infamous fl
B and wicked king k greatly alarm- B
n B ed at their question—“where is he B
fl who is bom king of the‘Jews?’— fl
- B and tries to deceive them. Guided fl
B by the instructions Of the Scribes B
B they resume their journey, and 10, B^
B the star goes before them and B „
fl stands over the .place where the fl
fl young child lay! They enter into fl
fl the house with > great- rejoicing, fl
B and offer their gifts and their wor- fl
fl ship, such as is offered to kings. fl
fl Perhaps the character of their fl
fl gifts was symbolical,—the gold, . fl
fl /His Kingship; the myrrh, the bit- fl
fl ter 'cup which the Father should fl
fl give him to drink for our sakes. B
. fl Their purpose accomplished their B
B hearts burning .within them for B
B joy because of the new hope and B
B faith in tne true God, “they return fl
fl to their own country another way.” N fl~ *
fl How strange and beautiful is this fl
B glistening in the midnight fl
B darkness of Paganism like a bright B '
fl jewel of light, hope and peace! If fl
fl these strangers under such trying fl
' B conditions, felt constrained to seek, B f
fl find and worship the promised Sav- B '
fl iojr, hpw much more should we who B
B know of the unspeakable gift of B *
/ fl His great love on Calvary, offer B N
fl our gifts and our love to Him fl i
fl whose birth we celebrate at this B
fl glad Christmas-tide —with the an- fl
B gels let us sing: “Glory to God in B ' y
fl the highest, and on earth peace and B
\ B good will toward men!” fl
I ' I
Hfl fl 3
“Eternal Vigilance is the. Price of Liberty**
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA, WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 19, 1923
“All the ideals and principles of the
Constitution of the United States of
America are intensified by those of
this Order.
“We are inspired by the two grand
est symbols ever placed into the trem
bling hands of humanity; they are
the Cross and-' the United States
Flag, Old Glory.
“The Cross of Calvary was a ne
cessity for both God and man. It
satisfied the broken law and paid the
penalty of human disobedience. For
man it makes an appeal to the no
blest and best that is in him.
“The Cross then, is the highest and
most complete and most convincing
manifestation of the love of God.
“Next tc it comes the Flag of the
United States of America, the Stars
and Stripes Forever!
“Never has any banner unfolded
(Continued! on Page 4)
OLD GUARD GETS JOLT
AS DEADLOCK COMES
—K-K-K
Senator Wheeler of Montana, Throws
Monkey Wrench Into Commit
tee Machinery
—K-K-K
Washington, D. C.—The Old Guard
standpatters got another jolt in the
neck today, this time in the Senate
wing of he Capitol, when the Senate
found itself deadlocked over the elec
tion of a chairman of the Senate in
terstate committee, which will handle
railroad legislation.
Senator Wheeler of Montana, Dem
ocrat, threw a money wrench into the
machinery when he objected to agree
ing to all the committee assignments
as a whole. He insisted upon a sep
arate vote on the chairmanship of the
interstate commerce committee. Mr.
Wheeler, although a Democrat, is a
(Continued on Page 4)
A Mut# tytyzxßtmnß
No Victory Over Pie Counter Will Be Gained
Until Constructive Change Is Made
In Congressional Sysiem.
K-K-K-
Glimpse Over Personnel of Present
_ Law-Making Body Shows Many
Members of Old Guard Still in
Harness—Old Political Barter Sys
tem Is Shown in Full Swing—
‘Battle Royal” May be Precipitat
ed by New Members.
K-K-K
(By Eyewitness)
Washington, D. C.—Congress is in
session, the long “political” session,
the Old Guard politicians are in con
trol and'are working for but one end
and that is to win congressional and
presidential elections. Opposed to
those senators and representatives
who would unselfishly put public wel
fare above personal and political
gain.
The C. of N. will for the first
time attempt to light up each and
every vital congressional action and
event. Watching congress without
fear dr favor it will point out to the
Klansmen of Minnesota the fallacies
of our congressional system and
emphasize the fact that the people
who suppose they are “governed” by
the consent of the “governed” are
really governed “by the consent of
the government.” - •
Someone has referred to the Klan
as fostering “terrorism.” This may
be true so far as .it emphasizes the
fact that it is “a political and mental
state of mind” of the old line poli
ticians in Washington and through
out the nation so far* as their acts
may be watched and construed by
the Klan.
/ Whether or not the preliminary
“battle of congress” which was pre
cipitated at the opening of congress
over the speakership of the house
was but a smoke-screen for the pub
lic or whether it will prove “a bat
tle royal” in the end can only be con
jectured at this time. The impres
sion that one receives is that not a
single constructive thing will be ac
complished at the present session
$2.00 A YEAR. 6c A COPY
and that the second phase of the bat
tle over the changing of, the rules
will only be used for endless and use
less argument and debate with the
final outcome that the Old Guard will
be as strongly entrenched as ever be
fore and that the insurgent group
may have secured a few “important"
committee assignments.
Jockeying for Position
The big sensation of opening week
in congress was the “jockeying for
position,” for that was all it amount
ed to, a two-days’ holdup of the low
er house by a small bloc of seven
teen members.
And they temporarily scored just
like a similar group did a few years
ago when Speaker Cannon was
“shorn” flf the autocratic power then
held by the speaker of the house of
representatives, and which is still
held but in a different form, ,in the
“committees.”
On account of the'narrow Repub
lican majority in the house it was
discovered that a small group of
seventeen men could deadlock the
house and bar its organization until
such a time as one or the other of
the two crowds would yield a point or
two, on committee pledges The
old political barter system is in full
swing.
Speaker ia Elected
On opening day the Republicans
nominated Congressman Frederick H.
Gillette, of Massachusetts, for
speaker, the ' Democrats nominated
Congressman Finis J. Garrett, of
Tennessee, and the LaFollette group
of men in the house styled the in
surgents, nominated Representative
Henry Cooper, of for the
Four ballots were taken
and no one received a sufficient num
ber of votes to elect. Adjournment
was taken until Tuesday noon and
the second day of congress saw a
repetition of the first day’s perform
ance! Before adjournment was
taken a caucus or “conference” was
arranged between Republican Floor
leader Longworth and Representa
tives Nelson, Woodruff and La Guard
ia, insurgents, for that evening.
The third day of congress brought
the election of Speaker Gillette and
a complete organization of. the house,
the insurgent group having “decided
to abandon” their fight for a tem
porary thirty days on the assurance
of Representative Longworth, the
Republican leader, that opportunity
would be afforded later to freely of-„
fer amendments to the house roles.
From the start the insurgent group
maintained that the reak fight was
for a “rules < revision.” Just how far
the amendments offered will ever get
was not indicated.
Following is the program as
agreed to by the Republicans and in
surgents. “First, that the rules of
the six A y-seventh Congress should be
adopted as the rules of the Sixty
eighth Congress for thirty days
only.” So that’s that.
“Second, that during these thirty
days amendments to the rules may
be offered by any member, to be
referred to the committee on rules,
which committee shall consider such
amendments and make a report
thereon to the House.
The End la Reached
“Third, within such thirty days
the committee shall make a report of
the rules and such amendments as
they recommend. The rules and
amendments as reported by the com
mittee shall be subject to ‘reason
able discussion, amendment and rec
ord votes of the House,’ and that’s
the end of it all.
“Fourth, when the committee shall
have made its report any member of
the House shall have opportunity to
offer amendments to any rule of the
House and may call for a record vote
thereon, whether such rule has been
included in the report of the com
mittee or .not. '
“Fifth, one motion to recommit
shall be in order. ‘Only one.’”
After the jockeying for this posi
tion had been going on for three
days the Republicans announced to
the country that such a “revision of
the rules program” had been “in the
pocket of the proposed chairman of
the committee on rules for a week.”
This brought laughter from the Dem
ocrats, who kidded the Republicans
about speh a report having been
pocketed for days. This Republican,
Will Wood, a “well-known congress
(Continued on Page 4)