VOLUME 1, NUMBER .14
KU KLUX FOES SHOW
THEIR DIRTY HANDS
AMERICAN LEGION RESOLUTION READS LIKE
SECTION FROM KLAN RITUAL.
Yellow Journilistic Methods Used By
Klan Foes in Newspapers.
Lying headlines and inaccurate in
terpretations are still a part of many
newspapers. Recently in connection
with a resolution passed by the Amer
ican Legion at its national convention
held at San Francisco, we again see a
large number of newspapers stoop to
pernicious falsohods. Glaring from its
front page the St. James “Independ
ent” presents the headline “American
Legion Hits Ku Klux Klan.” Added
to this headline is a featured para
graph leading “National Convention
of former service men declare Klan
and Kindred organizations to be un-
American, a menace to our liberties
and destructive to fundamental law.”
That resolution passed by the Ameri
can Legion does not apply to the Ku
Klux Klan is known by all fair-mind
ed individuals. The biased mind can
twist interpretations to run in line
with personal or group prejudice and
antipathy. We read that even the
Devil quotes Scripture for his own
use. But how does he quote Scrip
ture. The American Legion’s resolu
tion does not denounce the Ku Klux
Klan anymore than it denounces one
or any of the Protestant churches.
The Klan does not, as all Klansmen
know, create or foster racial, relig
ious or class strife; neither does the
Klan take law into its own hands. So
how in the name of common sense
can the anti-Klan forces justify their
lies. The anti-Klan groups, organi
zations, and individuals do create
and foster many things that certain
ly are non-American.
The following resolution reads like
a part from Klancraft;
“Resolved, by the American Le
gion in national convention assembled
that we consider any individual, or
organization, which creates or fosters
racial, religious or class strife among
our people or which takes into their
own hands the enforcement of law,
determination of guilt or infliction of
punishment, to be un-American, a
menace to our liberties, and destruc
tive of our fundamental law, and be
it further,
“Resolved, that we consider such
action by any individual or organiza
tions to be inconsistent with the ideals
and purposes of the American Le
gion.”
K-K-K
“The fifth annual convention of the
American Legion, held last week in
San Francisco, California, passed a
strong pro-American resolution, and
the press of our country has, as usual,
announced the passing of this resolu
tion as aimed at the Ku Klux Klan.
The ridiculousness of this preposter
ous claim will be apparent to anyone
in view Qf the fact that a resolution
directly aimed at and specifically
naming the Klan was defeated by a
vote of almost six to one.
The anti-Klan resolution, which
was introduced by a Roman Catholic,
read as follows:
“Resolved, that the Ku Klux Klan
is an organization which is destruc
tive to American principles and ideals,
and is unfair to hundreds of thou
sands of our comrades in arms dur
in. the World war. This convention
therefore most unequivocally de
nounces the Ku Klux Klan as being
an un-American organization and un
worthy of membership by loyal Amer
ican citizens.”
This Resolution was voted down by a
vote of 815 to 142.
Then the following resolution,
which clearly applies to the Roman
ists and Romanist organizations in al
most every specification, was passed
by practically the same overwhelm
ing majority that defeated the anti-
Klan resolution:
“Resolved, by the American Legion
in national convention assembled that
we consider any individual, group of
individuals or organization which
creates or fosters racial, religious or
class strife among our people or
which takes into their own hands the
enforcement of law, determination of
guilt or infliction of punishment to be
un-American, as a menace to our
liberties and destructive of our funcla-
x :
10.000.000 KLANSMEN BY JULY 4. 1924
THE CALL o/ ?she NORTH
mental law, and be it further,
“Resolved, that we consider such
action by any individual, groups or
oiganizations to be inconsistent with
the ideals and purposes of the Amer
ican Legion.”
When the above resolution was
passed, those who voted for it must
have had in mind a comparison of the
aims and objects of the Ku Klux
Klan and the aims and objects of the
Romanists.” —National Observer.
-K-K
SEEK AMERICAN
LEGION CONTROL
K. C.’s in Organization Strive to
Fight Klan Issue at San
Francisco.
SAN FRANCISCO.—Michigan del
egates to the fifth annual convention
of the American Legion brought up
the Ku Klux Klan issue, holding out
for the repudiation of the organiza
tion. An “honest neutrality” in mat
ters pertaining to religion and poli
tics was urged by the California dele
gation. In the effort 4o force the Le
gion to pass resolutions condemning
the Klan is seen the persistent poli
cy of the Knights of Columbus to con
trol the organization in every matter
which is conceived affects the church
of Rome. It is the same old struggle
which caused so much contention at
New Orleans a year ago and which,
the members of the organization ad
mit, will disrupt the Legion unless
some measures are taken to curb the
activities of the Knights of Columbus
inside th 3 order.
Michigan delegates stated that they
would first fight to force through the
resolution drawn up by James E.
Hunt, of Mount Pleasant, Mich., in
which the Legion was called upon to
renounce the Klan as “contrary to
the very principles for which the
American Legion stands.”
The conspiracy which entered into
American Legion affairs back in 1919,
when the Knihgts of Columbus made
its munificent offer to give up five
of the seven million dollars of war
chest fund money it retained in its
possession for an American Legion
memorial building in Washington, is
still at work. The offer was de
clined with scant thanks at the time
because the Roman Catholic string to
the offer provided that the K. of C.
should have full control and super
vision of the structure. Even easy
going American Protestantism saw
through the guile of the plotters, who
planned to rule the organization of
World War veterans.
But Rome was not discouraged with
its initial effort. A year ago it put
up a big fight at New Orleans to
elect one of its own as commander.
The effort did not entirely fail. They
did not elect their choice for com
mander, but landed the chaplaincy for
Rome.
This week in San Francisco this
same gang demanded that the words
“foster and promote 100 per cent
Americanism” be dropped from the
American Legion preamble. In other
words, the Roman Catholic members
of the Legion are against 100 per
Americanism simply because the
Protestant organization it is attempt
ing to destroy believes in it. We do
not believe the great body of the
American manhood within the order
will stand much longer the arrogant,
insulting demands of a minority
whose first duty is to Roman au
tocracy. Unless a stop is put to the
intrigues the organization will soon
decay under the blighting influence
of Rome.
FIRST INITIATION AT
BRADENTOWN, Fla.—At a meet
ing of the Knights of the Ku Klux
Klan to initiate a class of candidates,
a large crowd was gathered to wit
ness the ceremonies that were held in
a large field near here last Thursday
night
It was the first Klan initiation ever
held in this community and interest
in the great American order is grow
ing each day.
—Fellowship Forum.
K-K-K
BRADENTOWN, FLA.
“Eternal Vigilance is the Price of Liberty*'
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 31, 1523
KNIGHTS TURN DOWN
MASONIC INVITATION
Woonsocket, R. I. Woonsocket
Knights of Columbus members who
recently accepted the Woonsocket
Masonic club invitation to be its
guests, at a joint social gathering
Tuesday for which elaborate
plans had been just completed, have
asked the club to postpone the event,
but made no suggestion that it be
held at any future date President
Stephen A. Greene of the Masonic
club, on receipt of the letter from
Harold J. Kennedy, Grand Knight of
the local council, immediately cancel
led all arrangements for the affair
and issued a statement expressing
regret that the movement to bring
about a better understanding and
tolerance had met with failure.
K-K-K
THREE HUNDRED
MADE KLANSMEN
—K-K-K
BUFFALO, N. Y.—Three hundred
young men from this city and nearby
towns pledged allegiance to the Ku
Klux Klan at an initiation ceremony
held hede last week in the shadow of
one of Buffalo’s famous roadhouses.
The ceremony was secret, but a pub
lic initiation will be held soon.
An announcement was made that a
state Klan paper would be started in
a short time.
K-K-K-
The righteous shall live by faith.—
Romans 1:17.
Heavy hash and Windypendence
Mr. Heavy hash of the St. James “Windypendent” is enjoying himself
more than a father of triplets. Every week he spreads over the editorial
page a mess of “cussem,” evidently finding great pleasure in his anti-Klan
filterfush.
Mr. Heavy hash is a curious pappefuse. Curious?, Yes, yes, but don’t
laugh, he can’t help it anymore than a cowbird can help that it isn’t a cow.
Heavyhash is a phenomenon. ’You ask a definition of that word “phe
nomenon” Well, if you see a thistle, that isn’t a phenomonon; if you see
a bird, that isn’t a phenomonon; if you see a cow, that isn’t a phenomonon.
But, if you see a cow sitting on a thistle singing like a bird that is a phe
nomonon. As we said before, Mr. Heai'yhash is a phenomonon.
Heavy hash’s “Windypendent” is a breezy thing, due to internal com
bustion brought about by an intermixture of goat feathers, frog hair, mu
lepi and moonlight “snoots.” It is common knowledge of the “other world”
that whatever the “Windypendent” attacks is a good thing, both on par
ticular and general principles. So perhaps the “gashouse groaner” does!
some measure of usefulness. Mr. Heavyhash’s “kickingsnorter” comes to
the passing attention of a few people each week, but isn’t growing much if
anything, in fact, “nuthin in the least.” We are “cheerfully” informed
that such is the reward of windypendence.
Windypendence is either (long i) a habit or a disease. Those learned
in science of pugology logically prove that windypendence is a cranial dis
turbance which brings on “floating brains.” Heavyhash is, according to*
many, in a serious condition and eventually it may be necessary to chain
him to a bullpen.
It is alleged that a man saw, some years ago, a six-winged jackass fly
ing high from the ground. .Many at first discredited the man’s story, but
now several men allege that the creature HAS LIT in St. James. The writer
was able to get a certain amount of information that points to Heavyhash
as the keeper of the fearful monstrosity.
Before Heavyhash came to a certain Minnesota town he was “windy
ing” at Woodstock. Persistent rumors tell about Heavyhash being hung
in effigy while sojourning at Woodstock. It is now uaderstood that one
Hennyshake took a determined stand against Heavyhash and his assinine
brays and at a “love-feast” knocked the pilot of the Windypendent for a
seventy-five foot sprawl. It is alleged that Heavyhash and Hennyshake'
have kissed and embraced since the Windypendent came out as an instru
ment of the Krowned Cadavers.
' One thing, among many others that stand conspicious, as conspicious
as Fathaway Mey Ears attending a Memorial Day program at St. James,
is the Windypendent’s “easy turn.” Today Heavyhash gives his brain
child a violent jerk and before us stands a “bird” of many colors. • Them
comes an angry twist, and woe to behold, there comes a creature dogeared
and hairless. What the Windypendent hasn’t been “jest ain’t worth tellin
yer ’bout.” And its all Heavyhash’s fault because the “pillott” wofi’t let
the “crayture” behave itself.
From lowa comes a “whisper” loud .enough to be heard where
Heavyhash rests heavily on the hash telling about an outbreak on the
part of the Windypendent’s chief gizzard cooker that resulted in a shoot
ing affair. Don’t tell Heavyhash about this or you’ll get “writ up” in most
“beautiful” style.
The “Sloppersnappers” are “bizzy” nowadays in St. James, so watch
the pages of the Windypendent for a complete line of their principles. The
Sloppersnappers gre fighting the Ku Klux Klan, doncherknow.
There are three organizations that Heavyhash can’t join. The Ku Klux
Klan and two others. The Assinine Asses of America want a Brayer toi
take active part in the organization of that order. . Some allege that Heavy
hash has filed an application for the place of discomfort in Watonwan
county.
Wailton in Mettof A Hess
DEMAND JUSTICE
CARNEGIE, PA.—The local Ma
sonic lodge and other responsible
citizens have joined in urging that the
slayers of Klansmen Thos. R. Abbott
be brought to justice. Indignation has
been aroused at the action of officials
in releasing them charged with the
shooting, despite the fact that one of
them has been identified by two wit
nesses to the shooting as the man who
fired the shot.
K-K-K
NO INDICTMENTS
AGAINST RIOTERS
—K-K-K
Grand Jury Considers Charges
Against Perth Amoy Anti-
Klan Mob.
—K-K-K <
NEW BRUNSWICK, K, J.—The
grand jury has refused to return in 2
dictments in connection with the an
ti-Ku Klux Klan riot in Perth Amboy
early in September. Assistant Pres
ecutor John E. Toolan would make no
comment on the case. The jury con
sidered the charges for several hours
and reported to County Judge John P.
Kirkpatrick late in the day.
It is said that Roman Catholic poli
tical influence was responsible for the
refusal to return an • indictment
against the miscreants who attacked
the Klan gathering.
K-K-K-
Church attendance is a Klansman’s
duty.
DYNAMITING LAID
TO (UN ENEMIES
—K-K-K
Stubenville Prohibition Officer This
Time is Victim of Lawless Gang
—K-K-K
STUEBENVILLE, OHIO.—The
scene of the first of the series of
physical uprisings against the Ku
Klux Klan, Steubenville, has again
become prominent when a group of
men opposed to law and order blew
up and completely wrecked the home
of Prohibition Enforcement Officer
Charles Pearce. Pearce, his wife, and
young baby were thrown into the cel
lar and all were severely and
shocked, but none seriously injured.
The dynamite explosion partiajjy
wrecked the city hall and the homes
of several nearby residents.
It is believed that the same lawless
element responsible for the offenses
against the Ku Klux Klan is responsi
ble for the dynamiting of the prohibi
tion officer’s home.
K-K-K-
BIBLE IN IOWA SCHOOLS
MARION lOWA.—Delegates to the
recent upper lowa conference of the
Methodist Episcopal church voted
unanimously to endorse a bill to be
introduced at the extra session of the
lowa General assembly, asking com
pulsory use of the Bible in every
public school in the state.
K-K-K
“The sheet-anchor of the Ship of
State is the common school.”—Depew.
—P. J. ORN.
22 Charges’ of Indictn>ent of
Oklahoma Governor.
Lower House Has Acted Against Would-Be
Napoleon on Every One of Charges
Presented by Committee.
Oklahoma City, Okla.—The
Oklahoma legislature goes down
the line of twenty-two indict
ment points and votes guilty.
Only on the fourteenth point
was there anywhere near a split
vote. .November 1 has been set
for the state senate action which
must now follow. Other than a
few uhimportant flurries the
house has worked without a
hitch. The recent injunction
action by Governor Walton is
merely a closing gasp and
amounts to nothing.
K-K-K-
OKLAHOMA CITY.—Gov. J. C.
Walton is accused of “wilful neglect
of duty, incompetency, corruption in
office and offenses involving moral
turpitude” in an impeachment indict
ment read in the lower house of the
Oklahoma legislature today.
The indictment, presented by W. E.
Disney, chairman of a committee
which has investigated the state ad
ministration, climaxes a long battle
between the governor and his oppo
nents with the Ku Klux Klan as one
of the main issues put to the front by
the executive.
The Charges
Twenty-two charges were enumer
ated in the report. They demand re
moval of the governor on the follow
ing charges:
1. Appointment of Charles S. Bas
kin as judge of the second Oklahoma
judicial district while he was serving
as a member of the house of repre
sentatives.
2. Appropriation of funds from
the state treasury for private use by
placing his chauffeur, T. P. Edwards,
on the payroll of the health depart
ment.
3. Preventing a grand jury from
convening in Oklahoma City by de
ciation of martial law. The grand
jury was to investigate the charges
against the governor.
4. Use of official influence and
power to obtain private credit and
property. Under this charge the in
dictment said the governor purchased
a $48,000 home after of
$30,000 in notes to E. W. Marland,
nationally known oil man. The charge
declares that purchase of the notes
by Marland “placed the governor un
der great financial obligations ty>
Marland in such a manner and form
as to interfere with the free and vol
untary exercise of his judgement and
vote as ex-officio chairman and mem
ber of the board ©^equalization.”
Abase Of Veto
5. Threatened use of his veto
powers t> acquire money for private
use by demanding citizens contribut
ing money in order to secure his ap
proval for an appropriation for the
university preparatory school at
Tonkawa, Okla.
6. Denial of the writ of habeas
corpus as guaranteed by the consti
tution, while the state was, under
martial law.
7. Preventing assembling of the
legislature on Sept. 26.
8 to 11—(inclusive) —Proclamation
of martial law without cause of rea
son.
12. Attempted prevention of the
special election set for Oct. 2.
13. Appointment and employment
of large numbers of persons on the
state payrQll without statutory au
thority.
Banned Capital Punishment O
14. Refusal to permit execution of
capital punishment.
15. Unlawful issuance of defi
ciency certificates amounting to $lO,-
000.
16. Abridgement of the freedom of
the press by ordering censorship of
newspapers.
17. Attempted authorization of
special officers to investigate law vio
lations in addition to regularly elect
ed peace officers.
18. Violation of oath of office
|2.00 A YEAR. 6c A COPY
through falsely enumerating cam
paign expenditures.
19. Abuse of the pardon and par
ole power and allowing his friends
and political supporters to make lu
crative fees. \
20. Collection through various offi
cers of the state and individuals of
large sums of money for his own pri
vate use in return for executive fa
vors.
21. Unlawful issuance of a defi
ciency certificate for the salary fund
of the cblored orphans’ home at Taft,
Okla., for $4,000.
22. General charges of incompe
tency.
Balloting on the impeachment
charges was expected to take place
after debate.
CALLING A BLUFF
—K-K-K—
--RUSHFORD OR BUST
—K-K-K
Word has come to “The Call of she
North” stating that the anti-Klan
forces in and abound Rushford will
give Mr. P. J. Om “a real wild tine”
if he comes down that way again.
Rumors are going past corners and
crosssroads contending that the edi
tor of “The Call of the North” is
afraid to show his face once more in
Rushford. Paste this in your hat.
Mr. Orn will speak in Rushford Opera
House, on Monday, November sth.
Meeting begins promptly at 8:00 p.
m. Come all ye “wildmen” and hear
something that will make you weep.
There is nothing that “Twilight” likes
better than “calling bluffs.”
K-K-K
MADISON KU KLUEXERS IN BIG
MEET THIS WEEK HERE?
Fifteen hundred masked members
of the Ku Klux Klan held a meeting
across Lake Monona the other night,
according to a report. The person
giving this information to The Capi
tal Times gave it over the phone but
refused to give his name.
“There
members at the meeting across Lake
Monona,” was all he would say.
When asked if' he would give his
name he hung up.—Madison (Wis.)
Times.
K-K-K
KU KLUX KLAN CROSS BURNS
ON GRANDAD?
Hundreds of persons living in the
east end of the city were treated to
an unusual spectacle last night, when
a huge cross on the crest of Grandad
Bluff was lighted and burned brightfy
for a quarter hour.
Speculating as to what it could
mean, a majority of citizens who saw V
the fiery cross opined the Ku Klux
Klan was staging an initiation cere
mony on the bluff. The burning cross
plays an important part in the spec
tacular features of the Klan cere
mony. s< 0
A few persons thought it might be
a prank by school boys. While no
announcement has ever been made of
the existence of a Ku Klux Klan or
ganization in La Cros*e, it is known
that organizers of the Klan worked
in La Crosse for several weeks last
year.—La Crosse (Wis.) Tribune.
KU KLUX KLAN TRYING TO GET
STARTED IN APPLETON
Organizers of the Ku Klux Klan.
are working in Appleton endeavoring
to establish the Klan here. A num
ber of men have been approached by
organizers and it is said the organ
ization is securing some support.
The solicitation is conducted as se- *'
cretly as possible and no announce
ments have been made as to the time
and place of meeting.—Appleton
(Wis.) Crescent.
Wisdom is the principal thing;
therefore, get wisdom; and with all
thy getting get understandings—
Proverbat f /