THE CALL of the NORTH
is published every Friday by the Call of the North Publishing Co., St. Paul, Minnesota,
and will stand for American institutions, principles, ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, but to shake up people’s minds; to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more “bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by serious
people. *
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub*
lished articles and separate the droes from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN, ....... Editor In Chief
REV. W SMITH HARPER: n r>-, Z I I I Associate Editor
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— - - Bn Mail $2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR, CALL OF THE NORTH, Post
Office Box 172, St. Paul, Minnesota. »
PRAYER. -
Whatever makes religion a duty, makes prayer a duty.
“Prayer is our cheapest and greatest luxury.”
It should be practiced by all who would enjoy one of the richest of
human luxuries.
If you leave out prayer in your daily life, little do you realize what you
are losing.
In regard to prayer there are several questions that you are often asking.
Are prayers answered and how?
Does prayer change the course of God or alter the plans of the Al
mighty ?
Do prayers upset the laws of cause and effect? •
Let me attempt some answers.
We pray for that which we desire.
When a prudent man desires a thing, he is willing to make an effort to
get that thing. ,
When a farmer desires a thousand bushels of corn in the fall, he sows
corn in the ground and harvests his crop in due time.
When you pray for something and are unwilling to make an effort to
get that something, it is mockery and not prayer.
Let us suppose that Farmer Johnson desires a thousand bushels of corn,
and prayed for the corn. All spring, all summer he waited for the corn
which came not. Farmer Johnson didn’t pray, he made fun of God.
You pray for a sinner; you pray loud and high, yet make no effort your
eelf to reach the sinner; you are not praying, you are mocking God.
Don’t misunderstand me. I don’t want you to refrain from praying for
the sinners. But when you do pray, you ought to prove your sincerity to
God by making an honest attempt to reach the one prayed for.
To make myself clear, let me illustrate. A son is out in the world a
wandering sinner. The mother prays without ceasing for her son. I call
that mother’s prayer a true prayer. God answers those kind of prayers.
The laws of cause and effect govern the world. Nothing occurs which
is not caused. Keep that clearly in mind. Nothing occurs which is not
caused.
God lays his plans carefully and wisely. His plans work for the good
of the greatest number. You can pray until you are blue in the face and
you cannot change God’s plan in the least.
Your child has climbed to the top of a high structure. You see him
hang in mid-air walking on shaky scaffolds. You pray to God to save your
child (hurriedly) as you see him drop. You ask God to call a halt to the
force of gravity in order that your child might be saved. Will God do
that? No. God’s laws stand unshaken. They cannot be changed for the
individual. The laws are established for the good of the greatest number.
We must use judgment in our praying if we expect answers.
What does God do in regard to conflicting prayers?
The Germans had on their helmets, belt buckles and elsewhere a prayer:
“Gott mit uns” (“God be with us”). The Germans prayed for victory.
The Austrians prayed for victory. The Hungarians prayed for victory. The
Turks prayed to Allah for victory. The Bulgarians prayed for victory.
Every allied nation prayed for victory against the arms of the enemy. God
couldn’t answer the prayers of all. It is a fact that God is one the side
that has the essentials of victory—men, guns, gases, etc. That’s God’s way
out of the dilemma.
Follow me closely at this point. What you pray for you desire. If you de
sire a reasonable thing with such a passion that you work to the limit of your
energy to get it you win. Fervent prayer and hard work go together. The Ger
mans lost because their cause was such that they hardly dared to pray with
burning enthusiasm. Besides that the Germans had reached a point in
their Kultur where they really felt no need for God. When they didn’t pray
hard, they didn’t work quite hard enough to win.
Some people pray for rain, and no rain comes. Some pray for drought
and the rain continues on. Why is this ? Doesn’t God answer prayer ?
Friends, we forget that eternal inflexible causation governs all things
terrestrial. God can’t change his great' scheme of things for individual
benefit. There would be universal misery, if he did that.
I say unto you, pray without ceasing, but give God a chance to answer
your prayers by doing your part in the answering thereof.
Pray without ceasing for the things that you want enough to be willing
to make an effort to get.
Pray also, my friends, so that you may take your minds away from the
bitter struggles of life and carry your mental selves into the very throne
room of God.
Listen, spirituality prays. Don’t lose sight of that fact.
You commune with God in prayer, if you love Him.
It is easy to pray for material things to come to pass, but the real
purpose of prayer is so often overlooked. Listen, folks, the real purpose
of prayer is to spiritualize our minds.
Bring our minds into intercommunion with the Great Spirit.
So that you will see the Truth, become conscious of God’s will, grow
in spirituality, develop a happy, laughing, free soul.
“Prayer prevents grossness and sinful indulgence.”
Prayer refines, elevates, purifies and exalts the soul more than words
can reveal.
Yet there is little genuine prayer. Long-winded prayers are out of
place in public places, because they grow personal so easily. When you
pray, pray; don’t preach.
We don’t want the kind of prayers that enslaves Islam. The Mohamme
dans drop to their knees in prayer when the hour comes and mechanically
go through a ritualistic babbling. That isn’t prayer. The Turk will pray
one moment and commit murder the next.
Do you know how to pray? The Master taught us.
“Our Father who art in heaven.”
-K-K
THE THIRTEENTH FAIRY.
An old fable runs as follows:
An heir was bom to an ancient throne. At his birth twelve fairies
appeared beside the bed of the queen-mother. One brought beauty, one
brought charm, one brought health, one brought long life, and so on.
Finally a thirteenth fairy appeared and presented the gift of discontent. The
king became very angry and ordered the fairy out of the chamber wtih bit
ter words. His royal majesty spurned the gift of the thirteenth fairy so she
withdrew. The prince grew to manhood, beautiful, charming, healthy.
Everything seemed to be in the prince’s favor; but somehow the prince
never did anything really worth while. He never knew the meaning of
progress through personal effort—he was a failure. The prince’s father
had lost for his son the gift that would have been of more value to him than
all other gifts combined —a divine discontent.
No man or woman ever did anything of note without a divine discontent.
“I want no man in my plant who is satisfied,” said the president of a
large manufacturing company. . <
A person who is satisfied with himself has ceased to grow, in fact he
is starting to die.
“I’ll retire and take ti easy the remainder of my life,” said a man of
fifty, recently. He died then so far as humanity is concerned.
Titan died at the age of ninety-nine still painting and studying art.
Gladstone was in the seventies when he took up the study of another
language.
“What we know is nothing; what we have to learn is everything,” said
La Place, the astronomer, as he passed out at seventy-eight.
“Think of the tameness, the insipidity, the weakness, the mental flab
biness of the life of the inactive and the purposeless man who has* nothing
special to do, no great life-purpose, nothing pushing him on and on/’
Have you in your soul a tugging, pulling, pushing something that urges
you on to new heights and greater achievements?
The life-game is facinating to the man or woman who finds each passing
day growing ever and more frorth while.
Ask the man who many years of struggle and achievement
how it feels to live in >a state of inactivity, and he will tell you that he feels
lost. If he does not have a driving “push” within, he soon* grows older
*
than his years and does not live as long as he should.
A man had a compelling ambition to get away from the poverty of his
boyhood. He wanted to possess one million dollars in wealth. When the
years brought that one million dollars in wealth he retired. He quit the
.game when it was getting most interesting. There was no longer an inner
voice urging him. One day his wife found him with a bullet in his brain
—he committed suicide. Tired of living without a goal ahead.
A dissatisfied man ever seeks new obstacles and new problems to
wrestle with. Big men are made big by doing big things.
If you have not the conquering habit, you cannot hope to get very far
in the living of life.
Look at the oak. It has fought a thousand storms and won. Then look
at the plant growing in the greenhouse. It has fought no battles with the
elements; it has merely grown under the artificial conditions created by
the horticulturist. The oak grew with the passing of the years; the plant
in the greenhouse soon withered away and died. A divine discontent urges
us on into the very midst of difficulties.
If Moses had been satisfied to let his people live under the heel of the
Egyptian conquerors, and live in ease as the adopted son of Pharoah’s
daughter, we would not know his-name today. * ■ '* >
If Paul had been satisfied to live as a dignitary in. the church of the
Old Order, what a handicap the Christian church would have labored under.
If William Booth had been satisfied to let the poor of the world shift
for themselves, there would be no Salvation Army today.
Are you satisfied to live your life in an easy manner?
Don’t you feel a thrill in doing something definite each day for human
welfare ? v
Where are you going tomorrow?
A FEW BE’S FOR YOUR BONNET
BE—A 100% real he man.
BE—Loyal to the order.
BE—True to your oath.
BE—A peaceful and law abiding
citizen.
BE—Devoted to your country and
its Government.
BE—Sensible, not talkative.
BE —Closed like a clam, not open
like a lobster.
BE—Constant in your attendance
to some place of worship.
BE—A believer in secrecy and
practice same.
BE—Not of a gossiping nature.
BE—Quiet, but active.
BE—Ever ready to perform what
ever duties are assigned you.
BE—Ever ready to protect the
chasity of any WOMAN.
BE—Uncovered when the colors
pass.
BE—A true patriot at all times.
BE—Uncovered with head bowed
when in prayer.
BE—CAREFUL WHERE YOU
SPEND YOUR MONEY.
BE—Not subject to anger when
ridiculed.
BE—Careful when feeding the
BULL, as you may get
hooked.
i BE—Enthused but not over enf
thused.
BE—A believer in pure woman
hood.
BE—SURE AND REMEMBER
THAT A WISE MAN KEEPS
HIS TONGUE IN HIS
HEART, AND A FOOL
KEEPS HIS HEART IN HIS
MOUTH.
K-K-K-
SOME WHYS AND WHY NOTS
WHY—Not be real instead of ar
tificial.
WHY—Worry about what the op
position says about you.
WHY—Not be an answer to the
prayer we all have heard.
WHY—Be forgetful and spill the
beans.
WHY—Not Buy Right.
WHY—Censure the opposition
when they should be pitied.
WHY—Not attend some church.
WHY—This secrecy; because it
means strength.
WHY —Not tie up the bull as he
is a dangerous animal to
run loose.
WHY—Talk too much when it pay
to keep still.
WHY—Not state facts only.
WHY—Talk about others when you.
do the same things.
WHY —Not protect your home in
stead of destroying some
other home.
WHY —Be a drone when* there is
honey to gather.
WHY—Not help one another.
WHY—Get over enthused when it
pays to be normal at all
times.
WHY —Not live a normal life.—
The Jayhawker American.
K-K-K
WHAT SHALL WE DO?
What shall we do? The boys and
girls are led into immorality during
the adolescent age, at an age when
their judgment is immature. The
parents in many instances do not
realize how far they themselves have
drifted from the moral standard of
other days as the drift has' been so
gradual. The daily press is oppos
ing any reform as puritanic and an
infringement on the rights of the
people, no doubt being well paid for
what they say, so the people at large
do not know the real condition.
What is still worse, the pulpits for
the most part are silent in regard to
existing moral conditions.
If the people themselves do not
awaken, if there is not some sort of
reaction, calamity must come sooner
or later. With the moral standard
being so rapidly lowered it will not
take many decades to bring us to
the level of ancient Greece or Rome.
The question is, what are you as
an individual going to do for the
preservation of your own children?
We do not believe thafc the parents
want to see their children become im
moral, yet in every case it is some
body’s boy and somebody’s girl—if
not yours, .your neighbor’s. Shall we
not as fathers and mothers cry out
against the unclean movies and the
unclean in literature?—The Good
Citizen.
-K-
- quiet mediocrity is to be prefer
red before a troubled superfluity.
THE CALL OF THE NORTH
POPE LEO, THE GROSS AND
THAT ONE DOLLAR DILL
, It is a belief on the part of a great
many Americans that certain one dol
lar bills bear tha likeness of Pope
Leo and the figure of a cross. To
correct this impression, “The Call of
The North” reprints the facts in the
case as discovered by the “Fellowship
Forum,” a most reliable patriotic pub
lication, in Washington, D. C.
In reply to a query from one of
its correspondents the “Fellowship
Forum” says:
“We have had so many inquires
about this matter reprint our
answer to this question which ap
peared in the issue of May 5.
“By a singular coincidence your in
quiry regarding the $1 bill of the
series of 1917 was duplicated in the
mail of the Director of the Bureau
of Engraving and Printing several
times on the day we went down there
to obtain the information you desired.
, “You are mistaken, however, m
both your conjectures. Mr. Hill, the
director, who is a Mason, states that
the letter “E” to which you refer
does not contain a cross, but that the
design in it which contain a cross, but
that the design in it which looks like
a cross is but part of the artistry of
the design. If you will note the tips
of the “N,” you will see the similarity
and the further carrying out of the
same design.
“The figure which you thought was
a picture of Pope Leo is in reality a
flower. If you will invert the bill and
look at the design through a magnify
ing glass you will note that it is a lily
with the outer part of the petals
turned back as in the shape of a bell.
Note the pistil coming out of the
center.
“To prove further the fallacy of
the information that has been given
you, the plates from which this bill
was printed were engraved by a
bank-note company, under contract
for the Treasury Department before
the establishment of the Bureau of
Printing and Engraving, and was
first issued as series of 1869, and
later under series known as 1874,
1880, and 1917. They had been in
discard a number of years, but when
the war broke out and the demand
for currency grew, especially that for
$1 bills, every plate that was in ex
istence was resurrected by the bureau
and placed into active use. This par
ticular one was the oldest, and the
pressure for currency was so great it
would not admit of the engraving of
new plates. Pope Leo did not accede
to the papacy until 1878. Therefore
you can see the far-fetchedness of it.”
x K-K-Kt»
THE MOTHERS OF MEN
JOAQUIN MILLER
The bravest battle that ever was
fought!
Shall I tell you where and when?
On the maps of the world you will
find it not—
’Tis fought by the Mothers of men.
Nay, not with cannon or battle shot,
With sword or nobler pen!
Nay, not with eloquent words or
thoughts
From mouths of wonderful men.
But deep in the walled-up woman’s
heart—
Of woman that would not yield,
But bravely, silently bore her part—
Lo, there is that battlefield!
No marshaling trqpp, no bivouac
song,
No banner to gleam and wave;
But 0! their battles ,they last
From babyhood to the grave.
Yet faithful still as a ridge of stars,
She fights in her walled-up town—
Fights on and on in endless wars,
Then, silent, unseen, goes down.
0, ye with banners and battle shot
And soldiers to shout and praise!
I tell you the kinglieet, victories
fought
Were fought in those silent ways.
O. spotless woman* ini a world of
shame;
With splendid and silent scorn
Go back to God as white as you
, came—
The kingliest warrior bom!
K-K-K-
Truth is stranger than fiction.
Which explains why fewer people be
lieve it.—Syracuse Herald.
New York folks are still buying
rubles and marks, and chattering glee
fully of western “hicks.”—Lafayette
Journal and Courier.
THE HEAHST
■ MAGAZINE SPY
Revealed by His Past .
“Louis R. Glavis, the notorious
‘special investigator,’ whose name is
odious to thousands in the Pacific
Northwest who know of his base
betrayal of trust and his work as a
troublemaker when he was an em
ploye in the Land Office and Forest
Service during the Roosevelt and Taft
Administrations, is the hireling spy
in the employ of W. R. Hearst, and
he, the notorious Glavis, whose name
is a by-word and a hissing among
honest me# in the West, is the cun
ning individual that has been doing
the ‘dirty work’ for the series of ar
ticles against the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan under the by-line of Nor
man Hapgood, a notorious Jewish
writer, in Hearst’s unsavory ‘lnterna
tional Magazine,’ ” says a writer in
the ‘Western American.’
“They are simply trying to make
money out of yellow and lurid stories
against the Klan and Klansmen,
weaving their lies and absurd deduc
tions around of unimportant private
letters and documents which they
stole from unguarded offices, or from
Klansmen, or which they bought from
unscrupulous persons like themselves.
“The October of the in
famous ‘Hearst’a International’ is be
ing advertised in daily papers in each
section of the country, in the hope of
making a financial ‘clean-up.’ There's
nothing in the stupid articles that
can harm the Klan. The main thing
is to let everyone know that L. R.
Glavis, who was fired by authority
of President William Howard Taft
for gross trea&hery to his Chief, is
the sly genius who has been doing
the underhand work for Hapgood.
“Hapgood was over in Russia for
awhile, along with others of his
stripe, hobnobbing with Butcher
Lenin, Kike Trotsky and the other
terrorists, who for three years have
been wallowing in the blood of the
innocents, and now he’s back in
America, working for Hfearst.
“The ‘Western American’ has sus;
pected for some, time that it was a
fine I-talian hand like that of ‘Looie’
Glavis that was doing the ‘investigat
ing’ for Hearst and Hapgood.
“All Klansmen ought to feel grati
fied indeed to have such characters as
Glavis, Hapgood and Hearst doing
this kind of underhanded work and
getting found out, for they are noto
rious throughout America for just
such dirty work and every knock they
give is a first-class boost. It is also
probable that they will land in jail
before their work is ended.
“This fellow Glavis was a tool of
“Giffy” Pinchot, now governor of
Pennsylvania by a monstrous trick of
fate—Pinchot, who turned conserva
tion, made a hypocritical eastern fad
of ‘saving the wealth of Alaska to
the dear pee-pul,’ and so deceived the
late Theodore Roosevelt and a group
of boob congressmen that they suc
ceeded in paralyzing and tieing up
for the last 12 years the vast natural
resources of Alaska.
“The Knights of the Ku Klux
PATRIOTISM
(By an American)
At this time, when the whole world
is endeavoring to lift itself above the
conditions of depression and sorrow
brought upon it as a result of the
World War, the most important and
effective way—next to our faith and
trust in God—is genuine patriotism
for our flag and our country.
It was my privilege to spend four
years with our neighbors to the north
of us in the Dominion of Canada, dur
ing which time the war was declared
—and as I witnessed the enlistment
of these stalwart sons of Canada who
were amonfe' the first to offer their
lives as a sacrifice to the call of the
king, I was deeply impressed by their
loyalty and patriotism, and as it had
been by good fortune to visit many of
the homes, churches, lodges as well as
many social gatherings, I was re
minded everywhere I went of their
loyalty to the king, as on all occasions
as above indicated they sang “God
Save the King,” and I mean no re
flection to their loyal sentiment when
I admit that when they were singing
“God Save the King” I was singing
“My Country* Tis of Thee, Sweet
Land of Liberty,” as the tune to both
songs is the same.
To me the most significant line in
our national hymn is the last verse:
“Great God Our King,” and when we
as a nation, left ourselves to the real
ization of that one definite principle
that God is the King, we survive;
then we can stand shoulder to shoulder
as one hundred percent Americans
and no power in hell or on earth can
defeat us.
I believe the national hymn, “My
Country Tis of Thee,” should be sung
in all of our schools, lodges and
churches, regardless of creed, and I
think of nothing that would do more
to create true patriotism and 100 per
cent Americans, especially among the
children who tomorrow will be con
trolling our country by their votes
and influence.
—ln The Southern Sentinel.
K-K-K-
It is not by bemoaning one’s fate,
or being discontented with one’s lot,
that evil is overcome or a wrong set
right. ,
Klan can protfe a good character in
any court, without a spot of any kind
on its escutcheon. Hearst, Hapgood,
Glavis and the others who are mak
ing foul attacks upon the Klan, can
not attempt to prove a good char
acter in any court without having it
questioned by high authority.
Soane Eminent Witnesses
“We call the United States Gov
•
ernment to witness. Former Presi
dent William H. Taft is now Chief
Justice of the Supreme Court of the
United States. He knows all about
Glavis the Spy, whose treacherous at
tacks upon the late Richard A. Bal
linger, while the latter was Secretary
of the Interior, caused President Taft,
on September 13, 1909, to t£ce the
whole matter into his own str<Ag
hands. After a thorough investiga
tion he exonerated Secretary Balling
er in every respect, while at the same
time he authorized the * ‘firing’ of
Glavis.
“Another Assistant At
torney-General Oscar Lawler of Los
Angeles, former Grand Master of all
Masons in the State of California, a
man beloved by hosts of good Ameri
cans as a knightly and splendid citi
zen, knows all about ‘Looie’ Glavis,
and will testify that he is not to be
believed in any circumstances. He
knows ‘Looie’ thoroughly well.
“Mr. Lawler, who is a famous
lawyer, handled some cases for the
federal government several years ago
in which ‘Looie’ Glavis was the gov
ernment’s chief witness and special
agent. After this experience Mr.
Lawler denounced ‘Looie’ as ‘untruth
ful and dishonest.’ (Congressional
Record, Vol. 46, part 2, sixty-first
Congress, third session, January-Feb
ruary, 1911, page 1101. That’s the
kind of spy employed to help Hap
good weave preposterous deductions
from a few unimportant stolen letters
about the Knights of the Ku Klux
Klan.
“Another witness we can tell —Mr.
Justice Louis Brandeis, Associate Jus
tice of the United States Supreme
Court. He knows ‘Looie’ Glavis and
the kind of work he does. In a
senate hearing in the sixty-first Con
gress (C. R. Page 1097, January 19,
1907), Secretary Ballinger was testi
fying.
“Mr. Brandeis: But you did, did
you not, take up the matter of killing
this SNAKE, Glavis, before the Presi
dent’s letter reached you?
“Mr. Ballinger: I had made up my
mind that he ought to be killed as a
snake before then; yes, sir.
“There’s a wealth of additional
matter, all of record, which we could
present to show the shady character
of ‘Looie’ Glavis, but this is sufficient.
Ex-President Taft, now Chief Justice,
summarily ‘canned’ him for the rea
sons stated. Assistant Attorney-Gen
eral Oscar Lawler declared he was
‘untruthful and dishonest,’ and Jus
tice Brandeis referred to him as a
loathsome ‘SNAKE.’ ” —Dawn.
MRS. BELMONT ON MARRIAGE
Mrs. Oliver H. P. Belmont, presi
dent of the National Woman’s party,
declares marriage to be “a sort of
slavery,” and adds that she would
advise no girl to become a wife.
Having been twice married, it might
be assumed that Mrs. Belmont speaks
with some knowledge of the facts—
but only as they pertain to her own
experience. Hers were weddings of
wealth, the first to a Vanderbilt.
What does this rich woman know of
marriage, of the natural partnership
of man and wife?
Nations are founded upon homes.
Homes are founded upon marriages.
Ours is such a nation of just such
homes. What would Mrs. Belmont
suggest in lieu of marriage and mor
ality? And what would she do with
the children, the nameless little by
products of these bright ideas? Be
ing homeless, they must have homes,
they must be fed and clothed and
cared for, something that the free
lance mother might not always be
able to accomplish. The children, of
course, will become the property of
the state institution-clad, institu
tion-fed, institution-trained, and in
stitution-loved. Gray little, grim lit
tle convicts of the new order. In
evitable. •
A great pity it is, a stain upon
manhood and upon womanhood, and
upon the state itself, that many mar
riages are unhappy. But most mar
riages are not. True, there are rifts
in the lute and minor dissensions—
yet the compact ordinarily is one that
merges two individualities, two alien
natures, into kinship nearer and dear
er than any tie of blood. Upon this
compact rests the state.
Mrs. Belmont terms herself a lead
er of womanhood. She boasts a
lengthy paragraph in “Who’s Who.”
She has only to fehake the money tree
to fill her lap with golden eagles.
She is, in fine, a very wealthy and
self-satisfied woman playing at des
tiny. But she is no more competent
to advise young girls respecting
marriage than she is to lecture on
the Einstein theory. She is a med
dlesome, impertinent person, far
strayed from the normal instincts of
the race.—Portland Oregonian.
PRESIDENT GOOLIDGE
AND THE K. K. K.
A screaming, Bold Faced Headline
extending clear across the front page
of the Minneapolis Morning Tribune
of Sept., 26th, proclaims that
“Coolidge Acts In, Klan War.”
Running over the accompanying
news item readers learn that an opin
ion was sought as to the legality of
permitting the use of a federal build
ing for an Oklahoma legislative as
sembly, if it developed that use of the
State Capitol was denied the legisla
tors. To this inquiry the Secretary
to the President replied that
“Use of Federal buildings for pur
poses other than business of the
United States government ia contrary
to regulations.”
A sensational headline may sell a
few extra papers, but the amount of
acting done by Coolidge in the Okla
homa misnamed, “Klan” war, up to
date, calls to mind the story of the
boy who told his father that he al
most sold a hog he had taken to mar
ket. Questioned as to details the boy
said he asked a man if he wanted to
buy the hog and the man told him no.
National Observer.
-K-K
A FRIEND OF MAN
A hooded Knight stood on the hill,
His head was bowed in prayer.
“Oh, Lord, help me in every way
My brother’s burden to share.
“Give me an earnest, contrite heart,
Grant I may glorify Thee,
May I follow Thy teachings day by
day,
Thy humble servant to be.”
Around this Knight in circles wide
Stood others of his Klan;
Their heads were bowed, their hearts
as well,
A silent, hooded band.
Then suddenly the tramp of feet
Broke the stillness of the night,
And a little group of valiant men
Stepped into the circle of light.
Their leader was a man of God,
Fearless and brave and bold.
“Oh, brother,” he said, “We pray
that you
Will admit us to your fold.
“We have heard of many of your
noble deeds,
Your purity of mind,
We want to be in your circle of love,
And want to be one of your kind.
“We love our country, we love our
God,
We love our fellow man.
Oh, test us and prove our loyalty,
But take us into your Klan.”
“You have spoken well,” said the
hooded Knight,
“At the Fiery Cross you must
kneel
And vow allegiance to country and
God
For thus is our brotherhood sealed.
“Now, fellow Klansmen, extend the
left hand,
The hand that is nearest the heart,
And take our brothers into our lives,
Give a greeting before we part.”
“Oh, hooded Knight, oh, comrade bold,
May God bless your Ku Klux Klan;
May you live in a house by the side
of the road
And be a friend of man.”
—Pearl R. Rhodes.
-K-K
BUNKER HILL AND CALVARY
E. WAYNE STAHL
I spent this last summer in Bos
ton, that historic city. One Satur
day I went out to the town of Mar
blehead, and experienced the most in
teresting day of my life. This place
was saturated with memories of the
Revolution; every corner of it seemed
to hold some relic of the War of In
dependence.
While in Marblehead I had the
privilege of standing before that fa
mous patriotic painting, “The Spirit
of Seventy Six.” As I gazed upon
this picture, and observed the old
man in the center of the marching
three, beating the drum, with a look
of sublime courage on his face; as I
looked upon the fifer to his left, mak
ing his war-music with serene un
dauntedness; as I saw the figure of
the boy to the right of the old man,
also smiting a drum, with the sweet
beauty of youth’s intrepidity on his
features; and behind them all the
waving flag; my heart was strangely
moved. I seemed to be at a kind of
sacrament. I seemed to be standing
in the presence of essential majesty.
As I realized how this great pic
ture told the story of patriot martyrs
who agonized and died that I might
be free, there were joyful, reverential
tears in my heart. I prayed in my
spirit that I might do my part as
courageously in transmitting to
those who come after me the glori
ous heritage of liberty as those he
roes of Concord and Lexington and
Bunker Hill transmitted that herit
age to me.
I think of One whose bravery and
devotion was even greater than those
of the men of the Revolution. I real
ized that Mount Calvary means even
more to me than Bunker Hill, and
Gethsemane than Concord and Lex
ington. Like the melody of an or
chestra of arch-angels the truth
comes to me, “With a great price ob
tained I this freedom,” from sin and
soul captivity.