THE CALL of the NORTH
is published every Friday by the Call of the North Publishins Co., St. Paul. Minnesota,
and will stand for American institutions, principles, ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, bat to shake up people’s minds; to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills mere false news and shrivels up more "bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by serious
people. • .
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to yhre the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from purs sold in the current news of ths day.
P. J. ORN, • Editor In Chief
REV. W." SMITH HARPER. D. D.. - - - - Assoetote Editor
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— - - - By Mail $2.00 Per Year in Advanoe
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR, CALL OF THE NORTH, Post
Ofliee Box 172. St. Paul, Minnesota.
THREE GOLDEN KEYS
By Twilight Ora
Grit—Golden Key Number One.
Are you a quitter?
If you are, move out of the way and give a fighter a chance.
Jonah was a quitter. Some might contend that Jonah was
a stubborn fool. I don’t think so. lam inclined to think that
he lacked grit.
A man who lacks grit is easily turned from a task by slight
discouraging obstacles. A man with plenty of grit indiis system
will see a task through to the finish regardless of reverses,
troubles and opposition.
The Standard Dictionary defines grit as pluck; ‘a firmness
of character, especially in pain or danger.”
It is grit that gives the grindstone its power to grind steel
to a sharp edge. ; . ' , ,
It is grit in man that gives him the power to grind down
opposition to a sharp edge so that the opposition can be usee
in cutting to the goal. , *_ .
• You need sand in your system to be a compiew human be
mg The frowsy ne’er do wells that wander aimlessly over the
face of the earth for the most part are deficient in grit. They
can’t stick to anything because they are easily discouraged and
so lie down.
The bulldog has a lot of grit in his make-up. He will sei
his jaws and hang on. Did you ever see a great man who woulc
not hang on to the last?
We will never forget the stories of martyrs that we were
told as children. They had the grit to go to death rather than
yield in their belief. We need more of the martyr spirit of past
days; it certainly is not any too common. Study the life of any
great personage and you will see the power of grit in winning
in the fight.
We all admire gameness—grit, in another word.
Do you remember the incident in the life of Jesus, that re
vealed his grit, his gameness.
He prayed:
“Abba, Father, all things are possible unto thee, remove
this cup from me; howbeit not what I will, but what thou wilt.”
NOT WHAT I WILT—do get the deep meaning in those
words ?
Let me call your attention to a bit of American history.
It was the winter at Valley Forge—you can’t quite under
stand the darkness of the great cause at that time. George
Washington felt the great need for strength, yet I am certain
that he felt a weakness stealing over that was hard to resist.
The enemies of George Washington were seeking the great gen
ral’s downfall and humiliation. Soldiers in the army in camp
at Valley Forge were deserting; disease was sapping the
strength of the fighting force; Congress was demoralized. You
could not picture a darker outlook. George Washington had the
grit to face the conditions existing without fear in his heart get
ting the upper hand. It takes grit to fight when one reverse
comes after the other.
Grit will do undreamed of things. Those of you who are
familiar with ancient history will recall the incidents leading
to the Battle of Thermopylae.
Leading from Thessaly into Central Greece is a narrow pass,
pressed on one side by the sea and on the other by rugged
mountains. It was the year of 480 B. C. when the Persian
army threatened Greece. Leonidas, king of Sparta, with three
hundred Spartan soldiers and about 6000 allies held the pass.
The Spartans could be driven from their advantageous po
sition only by an attack in front, as the Grecian fleet prevented
Xerses, the Persian king, from landing a force in the rear. For
two days the Persians tried in vain to take the pass. A traitor
told the Persians how they might reach the Spartans effectively
by means of a bypath over the mountains in the rear of the
Greeks. Leonidas received the startling information that the
Persians were approaching by the bypath. The Spartan king
saw the impossibility of holding the pass and so the allies with
drew. But for Leonidas and his Spartan soldiers there was no
retreat. The Spartans and seven hundred Thespians died fight
ing the Persians. The pass had been given them to guard and
they chose death rather than flight and safety. Grit is the stuff
that give men the power to go to death fighting.
Things seem to be going against you. You try in every
way to gain against odds. You tell friend wife that you have
reached the end of the rope. If you have the stuff in you that
wins you say, “Well, wifey, I’m going try a little harder tomor
row.” You can’t down a man like that.
Grit, stick-to-it-iveness, pluck, sand—call it what you will,
it wine in the end.
Fun—Golden Key Number Two.
All normal human beings can appreciate the funny and fun
begetting things of life,
A person who can see the ludicrous is going to steer clear
of many painful situations.
Laughter is as spontaneous as breathing.
Humor is as necessary as bread.
Comedy is inherent in man.
Many consider joking and fun-making irreligious and wick
ed. But is the use of any of our primitive functions wrong? We
cannot maintain a long face without directly affecting our health,
bluntig our facuties, and abusing one of heaven’s choice gifts.
People should have a hundred times more fun than they
now do.
Humor is the force that opens the safety valve—Laughter.
Humor eases the strenuousness of life.
Can you laugh in the face of disaster? The thorn of defeat
i 3 less painful if you can laugh yourself into an easier feeling.
I don’t like the purpressed laugh. If you feel like letting
your laughter have full rein—let it go. Snap your fingers at
Madam Grundy.
Laughter is wonderfully refreshing. '
Some one has said, “Fate itself has to concede a great many
things to the cheerful man.” A little observation will soon re
veal the truth of this statement.
A person who cannot truly laugh ages much faster than
the one who knows how to laugh.
In ancient Germany there was a law against laughter.
Said a German king, “It makes my men forget war.”
Orrison Swett Marden says somewhere, “Half the misery of
the world would be avoided if people would make a business of
having plenty of fun in the home, instead of running Everywhere
else in search of it.
When you come home do you cast a cloud of gloom over
your family? Important question, that.
“Mirth is God’s medicine ; give the children a lot of it.”
Abraham Lincoln was a great lover of funny things in life.
It was this very thing that made it possible for him to keep in
a proper mental and physical condition under the tremendous
strain of war. y
Most of us are so serious minded that we think that the
so-called funny people cannot be entrusted with serious things.
How many of our leaders dare show their “funny side?” More
than one person has paid the price of being funny. Bill Nye,
Mark Twain, John Drew, Charlie Chaplin, Irvin Cobb never
received any consideration by political machines.
I remember distinctly the failurte of a crabby school Teacher
who worked under my supervision some years ago, who foiled
because she-could not see the funny side of a situation. “John,
wipe that smile off your face and get to work,” was a common
expression. _
But remember always—vulgarity is not humor. Being silly
is not being funny. -
Self Control—Golden Key Number Three.
. Is there anything quite so tragic as a man or woman lack
ing self-control?
Go into our prisons and see there men and women who are
paying the penalty of rash acts committed in moments of loss
in self-control. /
Self-control is an engineer guiding the emotions and im
pulses. It is important that the engineer is ever on the job.
When you get very angry, it is self-control that says,
“steady now, steady.”
When you become jealous, it is self-control that speaks,
“Careful! careful!” /
When you have a chance to crush an enemy it is self-control
that says “Justice! justice!”
A man without self-control is as dangeroust o himself and
people around him as an automobile without a brake.
In a crisis most people loose “their heads.” It takes a per
son with self-control to properly handle a dangerous problem.
How many can keep cool when most people are panicky?
What a power is the person who keeps poise under threat
ening difficulties.
As you study the life of Jesus you are continuously re
minded of his wonderful self-control. Certainly Jesus had need
for self-control.
People with much self-control are rarely fussy and noisy;
their power is hidden until the hour of need.
“The country is full of broken, disappointed lives—lives
that are all tattered and torn, in which victory has been swal
lowed up in defeat, effective strokes marred by unfortunate
slips, lives in which there is no self-control.”
THE SETTLEMENT IN A NUTSHELL
1. —All acts of the 1922 Klonvokation .adjudged as legal.
2. —Colonel Simmons signs over all his copyrights to the Knights
of the Ku Klux Klan.
3. —Dr. H. W. Evans is recognized as Imperial Wizard and
Colonel Simmons as Emperor with powers and duties as
outlined in the constitution and by-laws of the Klan.
4. —Kamelia is not recognized as the woman’s auxiliary of the
Klan and no Klansman, acting as a Klansman, can take
part in the organization of this or .any other woman’s or
ganization.. They may act as individuals and private citi
zens, however.
s.—The Kloncilium will continue to function under the consti
tution as the chief governing body of the Klan.
THE RECONSTRUCTION PERIOD
History is more accurately revealing the truth about the
tragic period in American history known as the Reconstruction.
Dr. David Saville Muzzly of Columbia University says, “The rule
of the negro and his unscrupulous carpetbagger patron was an
indescribable orgy of extravagance, fraud and disgusting in
competence—a traversity on government.”
The part which the Ku Klux Klan took in the Reconstruc
tion period is one of glorious and fearless devotion to God, Home
and Country. No one can read accurate history of this period
without feeling happy that in the Southland real men dared to
arise and fight for the white man’s rights against the dark hosts
of oppression, greed and political tyranny. The.Ku Klux Klan
wrote history in the 60’s and played a noble part. No one today
needs to justify the original Ku Klux Klan, it stands a tribute to
the men of the South who passed through one of the most fear
ful periods in our history.
ABRAHAM LINCOLN
A Tribute by Robt. G. Ingersoll.
Lincoln was not a type. He stands alone—no ancestors, no
fellows, and no successors. He had the advantage of living in a
country, of social equality, of personal freedom, of seeing in the
horizon of his future the perpetual star of hope. In a new coun
try, a man must possess at least three virtues—honesty, courage
and generosity. In a new country, character is essential; in the
old, reputation is sufficient. In the new, they find what a man
really is; in the old, he generally passes for what he resembles.
Lincoln never finished his education. So to the night of his
death he was a pupil, a learner, an inquirer, a seeker after knowl
edge. Lincoln was a manysided man, acquainted with smiles
and tears, complex in brain, simple in heart. He was never
afraid to ask —never too dignified to admit that he did not know.
No man had a keener wit or kinder humor. He had intellect
without arrogance, genius without pride, and religion without
cant—that is to say, without bigotry and without deceit.
He was an orator—clear, sincere, natural. If you wish to
know the difference between an orator and an elocutionist—be
tween what is felt and what is said—between what the heart
and brain can do together and what the brain can do alone—
read Lincoln’s wonderous words at Gettysburg, and then the
speech of Edward Everett. The oration of Lincoln will never be
forgotten. It will live until languages are dead and lips are dust.
Wealth could not purchase, power could not awe this divine,
this loving man. He knew no fear except the fear of doing
wrong. Hating slavery, pitying the master—seeking to conquor,
not persons, but prejudices—he was the embodiment of self
denial, the courage, the hope, and the nobility of a nation. He
spoke, not to inflame, not to upbraid, but to convince. He raised
his hands, not to strike, but to benediction. He longed to par
don. He loved to see the pearls of joy on the cheeks of a wife
whose husband he had rescued from death. Lincoln was the
grandest figure of the fiercest civil war. He is the gentlest
memory of our world.
I believe in God and in the tenets of the Christian
Religion and that a godless nation cannot long prosper.
I believe that a church that is not grounded on the
principles of morality and justice is a mockery to God and
to man.
I believe that a church that does not have the welfare
of the common people at heart is unworthy.
I believe in the eternal separation of Church and State.
I hold no allegiance to any foreign government, em
peror, king, pope or any other foreign, political or religious
power.
I hold my allegiance to the Stars and Stripes next to
my allegiance to God alone.
I believe in just laws and liberty.
I believe in the upholding of the Constitution of these
United States.
I believe that our Free Public School is the cornerstone
of good government and that those who are seeking to
destroy it are enemies of our Republic and are unworthy
of citizenship. \
I believe in freedom of speech.
I believe in a free press uncontrolled by political par
ties or by religious sects.
I believe in law and order.
I believe in the protection of our pure womanhood.
J do not believe in mob violence but I do believe that
laws should be enacted to prevent the causes of mob vio
lence.
I believe in a closer relationship of capital and labor.
I believe in the prevention of unwarranted strikes by
foreign labor agitators.
I believe in the limitation of foreign immigration.
I am a native-born American citizen and I believe my
rights in this country are superior to those of foreigners.
THE CALL OF THE NORTH
A KLANSMAN’S CREED.
NMD
“OUR MOST PERSISTENT
‘JINER.’ *
San Francisco Leader says:
“President Harding is proving a
big advertisement for the order of
the square and compass. Scarcely a
week passes but that we hear he has
been presiding at a Masonic function
or has swallowed a new brand of its
57 varieties of pickles, sauces, sheep
dip and hogwash. * i
“Last week the illustrated Eastern
press had him pictured as the cen
terpiece of the Shrine parade—an
annual event designed to give a lot
of double-chinned, pot-bellied, fat
witted nobodies a chance to disport
themselves in outlandish toggery and
prove that Darwin was right by dis
playing all of a monkey's fondness
for painting his back yellow and
climbing a stick to show how pretty
he looks in colors.
“We do not propose to animadvert
on the quality of an intelligence
which is able to find gratification, or
diversion even, in the monkeyshines
of Shrinedom, or which considers that
a high function of the Chief Executive
of a great nation is to act as an ani
mated billboard or a sandwich man
for an oath-bound secret organization.
But we must confess to a sense of
disappointment at seeing the Chief
Magistrate of all the people lending
his countenance so actively, not to
say aggressively, to an aggregation
whose chief organ, published in his
own city of Washington, makes war
fare on a religion sacred to 20,000,-
000 of his fellow citizens its chief
stock in trade.”
ANALYZE? WHY?
In Washington political circles this
week the result of the Minnesota
senatorial election and its effect upon
both the major parties is the chief
topic of conversation since the news
became known that Magnus Johnson,
Farmer-Labor candidate, was elected
to fill the place made vacant by the
death of Knute Nelson. At the Re
publican national committee’s head
quaters John T. Adams, chairman,
has refused to make any statement
until after a careful analysis of the
complete returns. With a plurality
of some 80,000 votes for Mr. Johnson,
it would seem that Mr. Adams will
not have a great deal more to say
after the conclusion of his analysis.
BANK ON COWARDICE TO KILL
EDUCATION BILL.
The forthcoming Congress is al
ready aware of the hostility toward
the theory of national supervision of
education. The referendum of the
United States chamber of commerce
has disclosed a very pronounced dis
approval of the idea of creating a
federal department of education and,
in addition, the paternalistic ten
dency in government of which it is
an illustration has many outspoken
foes. There is not much doubt, there
fore, that the subject will be one of
extended controversy.
Politicians, who foresee a stormy
Congress ahead, are not inclined to
add to their troubles by taking up a
question of this kind if it can be
avoided.
It is not improbable, therefore, that
the department of education bill will
again be submerged in a deluge of
controversial legislation. But Con
gress will be guided largely by the
hostility displayed toward it and the
objections made against it.—Catholic
News, New York.
RIGHT THINKING.
If you want to substitute harmony
for discord, wisdom for ignorance,
truth for error, prosperity for pov
erty, happiness for unhappiness, you
can do it by right thinking. It is all
in the mind, in your habitual mental
attitude. Whatever comes to you in
life is the product of your thinking.
—I. O. 0. F. Lodge Record, Water
town, N. Y.
TO THE CROSS
By OUa Perkins Toph
And Thou, a thing of shame and tor
ture dread
In Pilate's day, art now a joy. Not
blow
Of superstition’s sword nor deeds
of woe
From tyrant hands can vanquish
Thee. The Head
Thorn-crowned, that dropped on
Thee; the Feet that bled;
The thirst-parched lips that
breathed a tender prayer
For those who mocked and scourged
and waited there
The coming of the end; all these have
led '
The nation’s march to truth.
Through mists that frown
On faith and righteousness and
purity,
Thou gleamest white, O blessed Cross
divine,
And through the slumbering ages,
even down /
To years unborn, the voiee from
Calvary
Still erieth out: “Co! conquer in this
sign.”
—Truth (Now York).
HAIRY HAND WRITE:
(“Monitor” of New York)
George Washington had a strong dis
like for lawyers, sobriety, moralism
and genteel poverty. He had a pro
nounced fondness for liquor. He loved
money, and the speaking power of
cold cash was his open sesame to self
indulgence. He enjoyed profanity more
than Scripture and was not pious
in spite of being vestryman in half
a hundred churches. He never troub
led about the private morals of his
neighbor and it is whispered his own
were not test proof.”
The enemies of America use the
poison pen of hatred for the purpose
of destroying the esteem and love
that Americans have for the builders
of this nation.—Editor.
PROTESTANTISM AND AMERICA
Protestantism wrote the Declara
tion of Independence.
A congress all but solidly Protes
tant adopted it.
George Washington, a Protestant,
led the Colonial armies in the Revo
lutionary war.
Protestantism wrote and adopted
the Constitution.
Protestanism conceived free public
schools and made them a glorious
power.
Protestantism made democracy the
prevailing type of government and is
the most zealous defenders of this
wonderful form of authority ruling
by the consent and participation of
the governed.
THINK A LITTLE!
Our census for 1920 shows that
Catholics in this country were that
year maintaining 16 universities with
19,802 students, 114 colleges with
139,996 students, 309 normal schools
with 10,544 teacher-students, 164
seminaries with 11,198 students, 723
high schools with 129,838 students,
and 7,412 elementary schools with
1,795,653 students, or a total of 8,738
schools of all kinds, with 2,106,027
students.
In the maintenance of these schools,
the Catholic church in the United
States spends one-third of her entire
income. Conducting them are 55,000
teachers of whom all but a few have
forsaken the pleasures of home,
family and society to dedicate their
whole lives to the work of education,
for which they receive on the average
less than S4OO per year.
Proof enough surely for any rea
sonable person, that the Catholic
church does not keep her members
in ignorance and is not opposed to
their being educated!
AMERICAN GIRL CALLED AT
LOW EBB OF HISTORY
Pastor Declares They Are Despised
by Men for Flaunting
Ways.
New York, July 26. —The American
girl is “at the lowest ebb of her his
tory,” the Rev. Dr. F. H. Knubel, pres
ident of the United Lutheran church
of the United States and Can
ada, declared today before sailing for
Germany to attend the world confer
ence of the Lutheran church.
“American girls and young
women,” he said, “should mend their
ways, because the men despise them.
They drink cocktails, smoke cigarets
and altogether their conduct is shock
ing.
“The whole United States is very
immoral at present and I trust there
will be a recovery very soon. The wom
en are no worse than the men but
they seem so because previously they
were so reserved. They should realize
that men hate them for flaunting in
decency. I believe much of this is
due to the exaggeration of the true
duty of women, namely, suffrage and
this new freedom.
“The religious life of America has
reached that stage when the people
are demanding of the leaders a more
positive fashion of expressing the
truth of religion.”
AN ESSAY ON FROGS
The Chicago board of education has
caused a classic essay to be immor
talized in type. It’s about frogs and
was written by a young Norwegian.
The essay: “What a wonderful bird
the frog are! When he stand he sit,
almost. When he hop he fly, almost.
He ain’t got no sense hardly. He
ain’t got no tail hardly, either, when
he sit he sit on what he aint got, al
most.”—Exchange.
George M. Cohan, actor, playwright
and producer, says that it is good
business to provide clean plays, and
that only such plays can guarantee
the future of the American stage.
KLANSMEN-.TO CHURCH
The Call of_the North”
P. O. BOX 172, BT. PAUL, MINN.
Two Dollars Per Year In Advance
Enter my subscription f0r.....,....* year., commencing
• •eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeseseeooe »*nv c eeeeeee%e 192..., for which I enclose
$
. Na*e
Address.,.»«
.• • ?-• u.Oiji.o • * >r, » «t-. «
SOUTHERN VIEW
OF MAGNUS
It has bean something more than a
week now since the sovereign state of
Minnesota elected a picturesque gen
tleman surnaraed Johnson to the Unit
ed States Senate, and we are forced to
the unhappy conclusion that a great
many people throughout the country
fail to appreciate the act. In fact, the
proverbial welkin has been kept busy
ringing under the impact of constant
sarcasm, ridicule, invective, anathe
mas, denunciations and even fore
bodings. Every editor has had some
thing to say about the significance
of the election. It is a rebuke to the
president, it shows the unrest of the
farmers, it foretells the dissolution of
the two old parties and indicates the
inability of the great common people
to select good men for office. In the
midst of all the turmoil we have
maintained our accustomed tranquil
lity and insisted that the chief signif
icance of the election of Mr. John
son was the election of Mr. Johnson.
We anticipate no disaster to these
United States because of Mr. John
son’s picturesque qualities. He is
somewhat illiterate to be sure, but
we seem to remember that Mr. An
drew Jackson was, too. He is un
doubtedly crude in many respects, but
there was a man in the Senate once
named Sam Houston who was just as
crude and the republic suffered no
harm. He is informal in dress, we
are told, but Mr. Thomas Jefferson
himself created a small scandal by.
his delinquencies in that line. He has
peculiar views about our foreign re
lations, but there are a score of
gentlemen in the Senate quite as pe
culiar, particularly those in opposi
tion. He is ignorant of a great many
things, but no one is ever conspicuous
in Washington because of ignorance.
We take ourselves seriously as
democrats (without any capitals,
mind you!) and we are inclined to
give everyone credit for a large
residuum of common sense. All the
men we have mentioned had it and we
do not doubt that Mr. Johnson has it,
also. In one way and another he has
about made an end of the Democratic
party in Minnesota. Let us remem
ber that to his credit.—Louisville
Herald.
IT IS TO SMILE
The goose had been carved, and
everybody had tasted it. It was ex
cellent. The Negro minister, who was
the guest of honor, could not restrain
his enthusiasm.
“Dat’s as fine a goose as I ever set
ma teeth in, Brudder Williams,” he
said to his host. “Whar did you git
such a fine goose?”
“Well, now parson,” replied the
carver of the goose, exhibiting great
dignity and reluctance, “when you
preaches a speshul good sermon, I
never axes you whar you got it. I
hopes you will show de same consid
eration.”—Lawyer and Banker.
A little boy in a city school refused
to sew, thinking it beneath the dig
nity of a ten-year-old man.
“George Washington sewed,” said
the principal, taking it for granted
that a soldier must; “and do you con
sider yourself better than George
Washington?”
“I don’t know; time will tell,” said
the boy seriously.—Good Hardware.
Artillery Rookie (about to take his
first lesson in horsemanship)—Ser
geant, please pick me out a nice, gen
tle, peace-loving horse.
Stable Sergeant—D’ja ever ride a
horse before?
Rookie—No.
Sergeant—Ah! Here’s just the ani
mal for you. Never been ridden be
fore. You can start out together.—
Los Angeles Times.
The fact is that truth is your best
friend, no matter what the circum
stances are.—Lincoln.
A Gutenberg Bible, the first Bible
printed with movable twpe, has been
purchased in London at a price ap
proximating $43,000, by Philip H.
Rosenbach for the Rosenbach Com
pany of New York and Philadelphia. *
The book is said to be the only per
fect copy in America of the first issue
of the Gutenberg Bible in an old bind
ing.
Organized charities announce a
great decrease in cases of family
destitution caused by drink. The New
York City Charity Organization
Society reports a reduction of 68.8
per cent; Washington, D. C., Associ
ated Charities, 71.7 per cent; Chicago
United Charities, 69.9 per cent; and
Boston Family Welfare Society, 72.6
per cent.