VOLUME 1. NUMBER 7
KLANSMEN PARADE at ALBERT LEA
HEAVY DOWNPOUR OF RAIN DOES
NOT STOP K. K. K. CEREMONIALS
KLANSMEN COME FROM FAR AND WIDE BUT BAD ROADS
KEPT MANY AWAY.
We knew it would rain after one
peep at the clouds that hung low
last Friday. But we hoped it wouldn’t
and so sang “Rain, rain, go away.
Come again some other day.” Never
theless it rained—and rained —and
rained. Over the state thousands of
•Klansmen were debating whether or
not to start for Albert Lea. Many
must have felt like the poet who
sang:
“The rain, the desolte rain!
Ceaseless and solemn and chill!
How it drips on the misty pane,
How it drenches the darkened sill!
O scene of sorrow and dearth
I would that the wind awaking
To a firece and gusty birth
Might vary this dull refrain
Of the rain, the deslote rain.”
We decided to go in spite of dark
clouds and spasmodic downpours. We
climbed into a waiting automobile and
turned the gasoline wagon towards
southern Minnesota. At a merry clip
we traveled until we passed out of
Faribault, where we struck soft-sur
faced roads. At Owatonna we made
some unkind statements concerning
the road. A man was hearing us
speak about the road in terms that
were anything but flattery called our
attention to an item in the editorial
column of the Owatonna Journal-
Chronicle that hit us as painfully
true.
Drunk Highway No. 1
The editorial read in part as fol
lows:
“After staggering over the road
between this city and Faribault in
his motor car last week and jarring
thru the maze of pitch holes one
tourist said, ‘They ought to call it
Drunk Highway No. 1, it’s jagged
enough.’
“And it is—we’ve tried it ourselves.
The present condition of the main
highway leading into Owatonna from
the north is nothing less than a dis
grace.” Nobody should boost about
the highway between Owatonna and
Albert Lea either. We managed to
get into Albert Lea alive even though
the road threatened death with every
turn the wheels of our car made.
The beautiful and friendly city of
Southern Minnesota, a Klan mecca
for a day, was one hustle and bustle
when we slammed into a curb.
We were hungry and looked around
for some place to eat with a satis
factory atmosphere. At the “eatery”
we found many - Klansmen from St.
Paul and Minneapolis. We had just
swallowed the last hunk of a mighty
good steak when in walked a gang
all wearing buttons on their coat lap
els that measured four inches in diam
eter. On the buttons were three
large black K’s, with an explanation
around the circumference that re
vealed the Klansmen as members of
North Star No. 2, Minneapolis,
Minn. Tell the world, we were glad
to see them.
Klansmen Assemble at County Fab*
Grounds.
Around seven o’clock Klansmen be
gan to assemble at the county fair
grounds. The rail drizzled and pour
ed and drizzled and poured, but still
Americans kept coming.
Officials of the Ku Klux Klan de
bated whether or not to go ahead with
the plans as laid out during the
week. All Klansmen agreed that a
little moisture wouldn’t hurt anyt
body, so the orders for action were
sent forth. The grandstand filled
rapidly to the surprise of many.
Nearly three thousand people were
seated waiting for “things to start”
when the King Kleagle for Minne
sota stepped forward and signalled
to the band. At once the leader of
the musicians took his place and
most splendidly the Hayward band
played a number of selections. Then
Dr. Harper, national Klan lecturer,
offered prayer. The audience now
arose and lustily sang the first verse
of “America.” “Twilight” Orn, edi
tor of the Call of the North, was in
troduced as the speaker of the eve
ning.
Klan Lecturer Well Received
For more than an hour the Klans
man orator held his audience nearly
spell-bound. The speaker was cheer
ed at frequent intervals, urging him
on’and on. In a masterly way he
outlined the principles of the Klan
sum! urged * keener interest in the
Kflsffir* of the nation . Mr Om defied
THE CALL °/ vhe NORTH
anyone to prove that the Ku Klux
Klan is not a sound American move
ment, seeking only that which ia
good for the United States. When
the Klansman ended his address a
wild tumult of applause burst forth.
The cheering had hardly ceased
when white—robed figures were seen
moving rapidly in the open area in
front of the grandstand. As they
moved red-glow candles sent out
crimson rays of light. There was
heard a sharp command —two robed
horses on which were mounted
Klansmen in full regalia, appeared.
The band played “Onward, Christian
Soldiers” as white-clad figures
figures marching two abreast filed
before the assemblage to the rear of
the altar-platform which had pre
viously been arranged. Another or
der was given, the Klansmen turned
facing the grandstand. Several white
figures mounted the altar-platform
and stood at attention. The altar
cross was now ignited. Three
ground-shaking explosions came one
after the other. Every Klansman in
robe saluted the flag with the firing
of the
scene and most impressive—the
white-robed figures, the red-lit sky,
the fiery cross, the flag draped altar,
unfurled Old Glory waving in the
breeze.
It rained incessantly, but the
Klansmen didn’t seem to mind or
even notice that they were getting
wet.
Only Two Candidates Asked to Stand
An announcement was made to the
effect that only two of the candidates
for initiation would be asked to stand
in the rain fluring the ceremony of
naturalization.
There was a lull lasting only a few
minutes.
Just as the two selected candi
dates came into view around the
grandstand a stentorian voice start
ed repeating a part of the Ku Klux
Klan ritual. “God, give us men,” was
the prayerful appeal made most dra
matically. The ceremony moved on
without a “hitch” of any kind. When
the third section of the Klan oath
was reached, the Klansman adminis
tering the oath called for all citizens
of the Invisible Empire within the
reach of his voice to again pledge
his loyalty to God, country and flag.
There was an immediate movement
of arms and every Klansman stood
with his left hand over his heart
and his right arm raised toward
heaven .In unison the Klansmen
again took the following oath:
tiea I swear that I will most
i Izealouslj—and valiantly—shield
and preserve—by any and all—
justifiable means and methods—
the sacred constitutional rights
—and privileges of—free public
schools—free speech—free press
—separation of church and state
—liberty—white supremacy—just
laws—and the pursuit of happi
ness—against any encroachment
—of any nature—by any person
or persons—political party or
parties—religious sect or people
native, naturalized or foreign—
of any race—color—creed—lin
eage or tongue whatsoever.
All to which I have sworn by
THIS oath—l will seal with my
blood—be Thou my witness—Al
mighty God—
AMEN!
Baptismal Ceremony Given in Full
The beautiful Klan baptismal cer
emony followed. The three kuqfiS
in Rain
Part of Klan Oath
“I most solemnly assert and
affirm—that to the Government of
the United States of America—
and any state thereof—of which
I may become a resident—l sac-
redly swear—an unqualified al
legiance—above any other and
every kind of government—in
the whole world—l hear and mow
pledge my life—my property—
my vote—and my sacred honor —
to uphold its flag—its constitu
tion—and constitutional laws—
and will protect—defend—and en
force same unto death.
I most solemnly promise and
swear—that I will always, at all
times and in all places—help, aid
and assist —the duly constituted
officers of the law—in the proper
performance of their legal du-
"Eternal Vigilance is the Price of Liberty"
wooden crosses standing far back
were given to the flames. Rockets
flashed across the sky. Bombs burst
in the air. A spectacular scene un
like anything ever seen in Minnesota
was presented. The white-clad Klans
men knelt in prayer. A voice of
deepest devotion lifted a plea unto
the Grand Architect of the Universe.
Can you see the picture that is at
once one of awe inspiring grandeur
and thrilling beyond words? Well,
such a picture was painted on the
mind-canvas of every person who
saw the open-air Klan ceremony at
Albert Lea last Friday night.
After the conclusion of the natu
ralization ceremony the robed Klans
men went to their automobiles, and
drove into the down-town section of
Albert Lea and there organized the
first Klan parade in Minnesota. It is a
significant fact that two protestant
women led the parade. As the
Klansman marched they sang “On
ward, Christian Soldiers.” From the
sidewalks and closely parked cars
came not a single word or contempt
or antagonism. No efforts of any
kind were made to cause the least
possible trouble. The whole affair
was peaceful and orderly and of
taever-to-be-forgotten impressiveness.
, The Letter
Albert Lea, Minnesota, Sept 2. 1923
Ku Klux Klan:
We had two small children with us when we attended the demon 7 -
nstration and speech at the fair* grounds, and so, did not hear everything.
Are women taken into the Klan? v
lam just the busy mother of a growing family. I perhaps would not
be able to help much. But the wonder and happiness of beholding a group
of men binding themselves together for the protection of our homes, the
betterment of our schools, and for the high ideals set forth by the speaker,
were such that I’ll have a higher opinion of the male sex hereafter. In
the words of the song, "Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of
the Lord" in that gathering last night. After all, mankind is not all un
worthy when such ideals are carried on.
If women cannot enter the Klan, or if you have any doubt of any mo
tive in writing, you may, of course ignore this letter. But, if possible, I’d
like to know more of this organization whose ideals will alone save our
country from utter ruin, and what is closer yet to a mother’s heart, make
the world a better place for our children.
We are poor, I could not give much, but perhaps, some way I could
help.
AN ALBERT LEA MOTHER.
' \
The Open Answer
Dear Albert Lea Mother:
Your delightful letter came to my attention a few minutes ago. What
Klansman wouldn’t be thrilled by such a message—a message of hope,
of faith, of love, filled with the gentle touches of a devoted mother,
mother whose heart cries aloud for her children’s welfare.
Can any man stand idly and indifferently by the side of the road
where humanity moves in a continuous stream without making some ef
fort to stem the tendencies that blight the soul, warp the intellect, de
stroy the ideals, color the vision, anddistort Christian standards. The mes
sage in one, is a stirring plea and a mighty challenge. I pray God on my
bended knees for the awakened man, so that the angelic words of Ameri
can mothers fall not by the wayside.
There is a Protestant woman’s organization where the wife, the
mother, the sister, the sweetheart may work side by side with her hus
band, her son, her brother, her “htan” for the perpetuation of the inalien
able rights, Christian standards, the true home and all real American in
stitutions. Enthusiastically and earnestly the womanhood of this country
is responding most encouragingly.
Dear "Albert Lea Mother,’’ you need not bemoan the fact that you,
haven’t much time for the many things beyond the walls of your home
that you feel should receive your attention. As a mother your heart, your
hands, your mind are kept busy transforming the plastic clay of childhood
into beautiful, eternal marble of adulthood. What a glorious task is
yours. You may never get earthly wealth as measured by the meter
stick of gold, but I know that you can exhibit your children as precious/
jewels that the riches of a Midas could not buy.
Sincerely yours,
P. J. ORN,
Editor, Call of the North.
ST. PAUL, MINNESOTA, FRIDAY, SEPTEMBER 7. 1923
MOBS ENDANGER U. S. A.
HYPHENATES AND ADVOCATES OF A MONGRELIA
Newcastle, Del., Sept. I.—The ene
mies of America are insanely attack
ing one Klan gathering after the
other.. Again the Irish-hyphenates
and the “nigger” advocates of mon
grelism united their forces. Here
last night a mob fiendishly made an
other onslaught on Klansmen. The
cross which in one is the symbol of
the life and death of Jesus the
Christ, and the Light of the world,
was torn, down and broken—broken
by the ungodly hands of hate, brok
en by the brutal, unjust, inhuman
spirit of bell—broken by the intoler-
Stt, ferocoius destroyer of human
happiness. The white robe of purity,
the Klansman’s regalia, was stripped
and torn in shreds by unholy fingers.
Americans, driven before a mob, were
beaten and stoned, assaulted and sjiot.
O America, may Jehovah strengthen
the hearts of all that love thee.
Christians, Protestants, gird thy loins
and stand firm for God, Home and
Country. The grisly forces of terror
ism are seen everywhere in market
places of this country. Black treach
ery is skulking around the corridors
of our Temples of National Glory.
Highhanded banditry lurks in the
shadows seeking to strike low every
"THREE CHEERS
ADVANCING MOB
UNITE FORCES AGAINST KLAN.
FOR THE IRISH 9 '
CHEERS WILDLY
real American who stands unyield
ingly for Old Glory and what it rep
resents. .
The news dispatches tell the story
as follows:
Two were shot and mortally wound
ed and 50 more or less injured when a
mob broke up a meeting of the Ku
Klux Klan who were initiating a class
of 350 late last night. A burning
cross was torn down , robes were
stripped from Klansmen and the dis
robed men were driven from a field
under a barrage of shots and stones.
The two seriously injured are:
Harry Husabeck, 17, Newcastle, shot
through the abdomen, and William
Clark, 31, Newport, shot through the
neck.
Fifty more were hurt by the rain
of stones and'stray shots.
* The riot began whew the Klansmen
lighted their crosses. With shouts
of “Down with the Klan,” and “Hur
rah for the Irish,” a mob of 1,000
mostly young men, accompanied by
about 106 Negroes, charged the Klan.
The first shot is thought to have
been fired by the mob when they
heard a Klansman firing blanks as
the cross burst into flames.
LAWLESS CROWD STORMS KLAN
Mob Faces Tear Gas* Night Sticks and Fire Hose in
Assault on Perth Amboy Hall
Perth Amboy, N. J., Aug. 30.—A
crowd of 5,000 persons broke up a
meeting of the Ku Klux Klan in Odd
Fellows’ hall tonight, 75 policemen
and 150 firemen being unable to drive
back the throng that stormed the
building. The mob was so completely
foreign that odors of garlic and stale
fish filled the air for blacks in the
■vicininty of the lawless, anti-Klan
heathens.
Firemen drove trucks into the mass
of people, but of no avail.
A hurry call was sent for State
police in Trenton.
Patrolmen fired shots in the air,
threw gas bombs and swung their
night sticks, while the firemen turned
streams of water on the fighting
throng.
The leaders of the mob were
knocked down by patrolmen when
they first started to advance toward
the hall, but after they had been car
ried away another attack was started.
This time stones were thrown and all
windows in the Odd Fellows’ hall, as
well as many others in nearby build
ings were broken.
Hurl Tear Bombs in Vain
Police Chief Tonneson then ordered
his men to throw tear gas bombs,
and 13 of these, the town’s entire
supply, was exploded. The crowd fell
back, but advanced again, hurling
more stones. It was then that a riot
call was sonnd and 150 firemen dash
ed to the scene.
After the firemen had run their ap
paratus directly at the surging mass
of humanity and had failed to dis
perse the crowd they attached base
lines to every available hydrant and
drenched the rioters with several
streams of water. Daunted for a
few seconds the crowd fell back. Sev
eral of the more sturdy, however,
braved the water and cut the base
lines with axes and knives while
those ini the crowd threw stones at
the firemen.
Klansmen Assailed
Chief Tonneson, in the meantime,
had ordered the Klasmen to leave the
building. Clambering out of win
dows, down fire escapes and through
every available exit, they were met
by their assailants and many hand
to-hand fights ensued.
As one man darted from the crowd
some one shouted, “That man has a
gun.” To save the Klansmen a
patrolman grabbed him, shoved him
into an automobile and rushed him
to the police station. Other cars
loaded with mobbers followed, but
the Klansman was rushed through
the and hid him in a stable at the
rear. After searching the station,
those who had followed returned to
the scene of the fight.
As some of the Klansmen broke
away from *the fighting mass they
shouted, “We’re coming back—lo,ooo
strong.” “All right,” came the ans
wer, “we’ll be waiting for you.”
Meeting Widely Advertised
The Klan meeting had been widely
advertised, notices having been post
ed in Perth Amboy and vicinity for
the past few days that it would be
held. Chief Tonneson took some pre
caution against possible trouhle as
the result of a somewhat lesser dis
turbance that occurred at a Klan
meeting several months ago. He
stationed uniformed patrolmen and
plain clothesmen on the inside of the
ball ad at several other points in the
vicinity.
The Klansmen gathered soon after
8 o’clock, donned their robes and be
gan their ceremonies. Soon little
groups began to form in front of the
building, the number being augment
ed until it was estimated that at
least 5„000 persons were in the
crowd. Men in the front ranks de
manded admittance to hall and when
they were refused, the fight began.
Chief Tonneson declared, after
quiet had been restored, that he knew
the investigators of the mob action
and promised the arrest of prominent
local men.
Perth Amboy, N. J. f August 31.
Buttling between the Ku Klux Klans
men and mobs was resumed on the
streets of Perth Amboy this morning
as members of the order tried to es
cape from Odd Fellows' hall, where
they had sought refuge during an at-
$2.00 A YEAR. 5c A COPY
tack on a Klan meeting Thursday
night, in which more than 100 per
sons are reported to have been in
jured.
A hundred men, armed with clubs
and stones, attacked thirty Klansmen
who dashed from the hall this morn
ing.
The Klansmen were beaten severe
ly before they escaped their pursuers.
Perth Amboy resembled a com
munity under martial law today as
the town's entire police force, large
detachment of state policemen and
150 firemen, doing duty as special of
ficers patrolled the streets to quell
any possible renewal oc clashes be
tween members of the Ku Klux Klan
and the mob which throughout the
night held the city in a grip of riot.
Number of Injured Unknown
It was impossible early today to as
certain the number of persons on
both sides who had been injured in
the night’s fighting. Every physician
in the city had'treated one or more
cases, while a considerable number of
injured had been attended to in hos
pitals.
Battling started shortly before
midnight when a crowd estimated at
more than 5,000 men broke up a wide
ly advertised Klan meeting. The en
tire police force of seventy-five, with
drawn guns and clubs, and reinforced
by the entire fire department, made a
desperate effort to protect the 500
Klansmen whose meeting had baa*
surrounded by the clamoring mob.
Mob Engulfs Victims
Klansmen withstood the onslaught
until greatly outnumbered, when
many of them fought their way to
doors, windows and fire escapes, only
to be engulfed in the crowds below.
Those who had not had the foresight
to remove their Klan regalia were
distinguishable easily and received
rough treatment before they escaped
to the woods bordering the city.
Police Chief Tonneson had sum
moned a detachment of state troop
ers, whose arrival was greeted by re
newed .activities of the muttering
mob. Aided by the state troopers,
the police began the removal of the
imprisoned Klansmen. Several of
them were loaded into three automo
biles, which the crowd immediately
overturned, administering sever#
beatings to the occupants. A patrol
1 agon load of rescued received simi
lar treatment. The crowd intercept
ed a number of escaping Klansmen
who were being led to safety ovar
adjoining roofs. They also war#
beatep.
K-K-K
A BIG SURPRISE
-K-K-K
FIERY CROSS AT STEEL COUNTY
FAIR
—K-K-K
Owatonna, Minn.—A sensational
surprise not on the Steele county
fair program was included in the fea
tures presented to the people who
packed the grandstand. The various
advertised “stunts” were being offer
ed as scheduled when just at the con
clusion of a trapeze performance,
about the middle of the regular eve
ning fair program, a large fiery cross
burst into flames.
Unseen some men of unknown
idetity, ereted a thirty-two foot cross
with a ten-foot cross arm on the far
side of the race track. A fuse was so
placed that no one could possibly seo
any person who might set off—the
cross—andw nobody did seo who lit
the cdoss. To this day no person has
been able to learn the identity of the
men who added so lnceremoniously
to the fair program. All agree the
burning cross was one of the most
beautiful sights ever offered to a
county fair crowd in Minnesota. A
number of negroes, members of a fair
attraction, were standing against a
wall of the grandstone when tha
fiery cross illumined the sky. People
standing near the Africans stated
the sudden flash of the cross nearly
caused the eyes of the negroes te
“pop” out of their sockets.
A hundred fifty trade tourists from
St. Paul, guests of the Steele coumtg
fair board wars in tha grandstand
when tha Klan’e cross was ignited.