THE CALL of the NORTH
l» published every Wednesday by the Call of the North Publishing Co., Bt. Paul, Minnesota,
and will stand for American institutiona, principles, ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, but to shake up people’s Minds; to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up mere “bunk” than nil the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by serious
people.
THE CALL OP THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P J ORN - I I - - • - Editor In Chief
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— - - By Mail <2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquires to EDITOR. CALL OF THE
Office Box 172, St. Paul, Minnesota.
WHEN LABOI COMES HOME
Labor has launched itself on a course that is destined to take it through
the battlefields of industry in an entirely different form than was ever
fnticipated by the masters of capital, no matter what these expectations
might have been. Labor has time and time again made known its desires
relative to the part it wishes to play in the things that affected it. So
far the demands of labor to have a direct voice in the affairs of industry
have been met with a solid front by her enemies, as unreasonable and
unthinkable and impracticable. Mostly because of the belief on the part of
capital that labor is unfitted for such judgments as what is and is not good
for her. This placed the latter on the defensive for the simple reason that
the manipulation of industry had never slipped into the control of labor
and therefore it has never given an opportunity to show to advantage. In
fact, the workers of the country found themselves in the grip of a few,
hard-fisted people who recognized nothing but the power of the dollars.
All of the known means at the hands of the toilers were used by them to
create recognition pertaining to the producion of the wealth of the world
by themselves, but all in vain.
The answer that labor received on making such overtures was: “If you
were capable of taking your part in the affairs of the world, you would
not be found in the position that you are today. Demonstrate that you are
able to demand recognition, show us wherein you are wise enough to tell
us our business.” At every turn injunctions, court orders at the hands of
the few met the progressives of the labor movement.
It became apparent thkat it would take fire to fight fire. Money to
fight money. The only solution was to meet the barons of industry with
their own weapons and establish a common ground on which the differences
of these two great opposing factors could be justly settled. The great
problem of collecting finances was uppermost in the minds of the fore
sighted trade-unionist. Dealing in debits and credits is no easy task to
the untrained mind. The pitfall of such dealing must at all hazards be
avoided by those who would handle the wealth entrusted to them by their
follow-men. It required courage on the part of one man to let his brother,
whom he considered unfit, handle his savinge and earnings, especially in the
face of criticism and ridicule. Confidence, as in the past, must be created
and developed. Experience was a sad lesson for a few, but profitable to the
rank and file. Through experience this confidence was imbued in the mind
of the worker. A battle of wits and brawn has followed. Brawn making
the capital with which to give the vats of labor ammunition to meet capi
tal on a common ground. The solution of which is not that labor, with its
wealth and industries as they develop, will overpower and subdue other
capital, but will demand and receive that inherent right in having a voice
in the affairs of things that are a part of the grea plan of progression.
As labor recognizes labor, so will capial recognize capital. Meeting on a
common ground is the only solution to such strife and turmoil.
When labor comes home she will have achieved a hold on the liquid
credits of the country. She will be a deciding voice in the affairs of State
and Nation, and, hand in hand, with unity of purpose, the governing forces
of the country will progress in harmony.—The Search Light.
As American citizens, the Knights
of the Ku Klux Klan are interested
in matters pertaining to our Govern
ment above everything else, and ev
ery real Klansman must appreciate
the value and worth of citizenship
with all that it stands for, and for
what it means, not only to himself,
but to his children after him.
This is a Government of the peo
ple, for the people and by the people,
and to that end we desire serious
consideration and action on the part
of every leal American.
The organization IS NOT PARTI
SAN in any sense of the word. It is
made up of men of different political
faiths, but, as American citizens, and
members of this great organization,
we have a right to demand of our
political parties absolute loyalty and
interest to American principles and
ideals, and we have a duty to see
that political parties enunciate in
their several platforms those princi
ples so clearly and definitely that
they can be understood by all —and
to that end we propose to be con
stantly vigilant and active in par
ticipating in the conventions of the
political parties.
We shall see to it that the princi
ples embodied in resolutions find ex
pression in political platforms, so
that when they are enacted into the
laws of our state and nation they
will adhere to the benefit and welfare
of our people in the maintenance of
Americanism.
We absolutely and positively are
not interested in the success of any
particular party or individual, but we
are deeply interested in the making
of just laws and in the selection of
men of such type and character as
will give us a guaranty of the en
forcement of the same in the inter
est of good citizenship.
It is altogether fitting that those
men who are affiliated with the Re
publican party or the Democratic
party, or any other, are of the type
and character that can be depended
upon to do their whole duty without
fear or favor.
We shall give attention to the men
who are named for office to the end
that we may have constructive tim
ber to select from as our officers who
will measure up to the highest stand
ards of efficiency.
There are certain elements that we
have a right to expect to find in
those men who are selected for a
That Klan supported candidates are
white men?
That they are Gentiles?
That they are Protestants?
That they are not professional pol
iticians ?
That they are among the best men
of their community? .
That they are men of honor?
POLITICS
KLAN AN
public service.
They shall be clean, honest, de
pendable, capable men, loyal to the
great fundamental principles of our
Government, and this loyalty to the
constitution shall be absolutely be
yond question.
If Klansmen will give proper at
tention to the above suggestions, we
will have no reason to regret the
outcome.
Gentlemen of the Ku Klux Klan,
and Ladies particularly, the matter
of GOVERNMENT is the most im
portant thing that touches our lives
as citizens, and if we are negligent,
we cannot expect the best government
from administration.
We have no desire to dictate polit
ical preferment when it comes to the
matter of political party—neither
would we have our members with
draw from the political parties of
their choice to the extent that they
become non-partisan, as this would
make impossible participation in
those things that are of supreme in
terest to us. On the other hand we
would have every Klansman to be
so zealous and so jealous of his party
that he would not suffer it to be used
in any way against the higher inter
est and greatest good of his country,
and we would have him so earnest
that he would see to it that men of
the proper type and character are
the standard-bearers of his party.
When these two elements are not
found in his party, a Klansman
should possess that hardiness of man
hood and sturdy devotion to Ameri
canism that he would not for one
moment hesitate in casting his bal
lot in the interest of these 100 per
cent ideals in which we believe and
for which we surely stand.
We should call into service none
but men of the very highest charac
ter. We shall expect to support only
candidates who put the common wel
fare of the men and women of Amer
ica above party success. We are in
terested in seeing that real one hun
dred per cent service is rendered.
During recent years politics in
deed has become so corrupt that to
day one scarcely can recognize one
party from another.
In the Ku Klux Klan party politics
isn’t cutting much of a figure—it is
the man we are looking after and the
principles for which he stands—Okla
homa Fiery Cross.
HAVE YO
NOTICED
That they are men of whom the
community may be proud?
That they are men of sterling
character, and
That they are the kind of men we
would have rule over us?
If you have not noticed these
things, look again, and be convinced.
—The Kluxer.
LAZY CITIZENSHIP
In this day of universal complaint
and condemnation of government ad
ministration, there is no lacking of
those who can lay their finger on
“What’s Wrong with America.” Men
have ridden into office on barren
platforms which contained no remedy
for the evils they deplored in their
campaign speeches. Because this has
continued for years, people have
grown disgusted with politics; become
indifferent to their duties as citizens;
neglected to vote at election time;
and assured themselves of one thing,
namely: “Politics are rotten.” “Pub
lic officials are Crook*” and “This
great country has gone to the dogs.”
There is a large element of the
citizenry of the old United States to
whom its ideals are dear; who thrill
with patriotism when the band plays
national airs and the flag passes down
the street; who really are sincere in
their devotion to their country; but
who are doing nothing to further the
principles which are the foundation
of real Americanism.
We may be classed by our enemies
as outlaws, preachers of class hatred,
a menace to the nation, anti-catholic
and whatnot. Believe as much of it
as you like. Form your opinions as
black as those who would besmirch
our organization would paint it, and
then consider. From a handful of
men in a local organization at At
lanta, Georgia, the Ku Klux Klan has
grown into an organization with a
membership of four million. Its
membership is made up of individu
als who must meet strict require
ments of eligibility, professing belief
in principles which are sound. Is
such progress, such enthusiasm, and
such sincerity as is evinced by the
Klan consistent with the picture giv
en you by those who would destroy
us?
The Klan, contrary to the opposi
tion, is not anti-anything. They
have merely incorporated into their
creed what they think is right with
America, and by seeking to uphold
these principles upon which this na
tion was founded and on which Am
erica’s future depends, have caused
the opposition to rise up against
them.
“Lazy Citizenship” has no place
in the platform of the Klan. They
believe that the great principles on
which this nation was founded, ten
ets of the Christian religion, separ
ation of church and state, freedom
of speech and freedom of press, and
white supremacy” which in about
one hundred and fifty years have
made this country one of the richest,
strongest and best governed coun
tries in the wide world, will bring it
through to a creditable finish when
the Creator beacons to a tottering
world. At the same time the Klan
recognizes that many things from a
political, social and economic view
point are not as they should be, and
for these reasons the Klan has cast
a challenge to the whole country,
saying, “We will remedy our coun
try’s faults in a lawful way, we will
extol and see enforced her great
principles upon which she was found
ed. In short, WE WILL BE LAZY
CITIZENS NO LONGER.—Kalumet
Klan Kronicle.
•g’gg’
THE ZERO HOUR
MINNESOTA GOING OYER THE
TOP.
Although the Knights of the Ku
Klux Klan. have been functioning
for some time in this state, the time
has now arrived for a real boom for
the organization.
National officers have decided
that the North Star Realm should be
next in line to go with a bang, and
will bend every effort to assist in the
work.
With a man like Donnie as our
leader—a man who doesn’t know de
feat when he sees it—with hard hit
ting, far-seeing Godly men as Orn
and Dr. Harper as speakers and
moulders of public opinion, the com
bined forces of evil can no more
stop this state from going Klux to
its farthest corners than they could
stop the tides of the ocean or the
clouds from rolling across the skies. .
The state organization of Field
Men—heroes every one—complete
in every detail now covers every
nook and cranny of Minnesota.
American citizens, thinking peo
ple of this state, have at last refused
to be longer, bulldozed by loyal
agents of the Big Boy on the Tiber
and are doing some mighty sober
and deep thinking on the subject of
America for Americans and are show
ing their intelligence in the way in
which they are lifting up with the In
visible Empire—the most sublime
lineage in all history—carrying on the
ideals and principles of the founders
of our glorious nation.
—Kalumet Klan Kronicle.
KKK
The printer set us a poster to ad
vertise an address hy a militant suf
fragette. Her subject was: “Wo
man: Without Her, Man Would be a
Savage.”
When the speaker called for the
posters, the proofreader had to leave
town suddenly, for the flaming sheets
read, “Woman, Without Her Man,
Would Be a Savage."
-K-K
The words we speak and the things
we do today may seem to be lost, but
in the great final revealing the small
est of them will appear. —Lowell.
The CALL OF THE NORTH
AS OTHERS SEE IT
Searching for significance in the
scattered elections of November 6,
the political leaders who claim every
thing and admit nothing in • public,
have discovered a Teal note of warn
ing. It is the growing political
strength of the Ku Klux Klan. This
strength puzzled by manifesting it
self in widely separated localities.
The Klan did not win every contest
it entered but proved enough of a
factor in several instances to cause
the wise men of the two old parties
to stop, look and listen.
Not only did the Klan manifest
itself at the polls but various edicts
have been issued telling how the
Klan regarded certain aspirants for
presidential honors in 1924.
The results of these Klan activi
ties has been the silencing of some
of our once most garrulous politi
cians. The average politician is
easily frightened, however. Any sort
of jack-’o-lantern, grining in the
dark, will send cold chills down his
back. Any sort pf “vote,” real or
imagined, will start his knees rattling
like a pair of minstrel bones. He
may regard the Klan and its titles as
grotesque, but the potentiality of the
supposed Klan “vote”- is enough to
send him into a silence as deep as the
grave.
The suddenly discovered strength
of the Klan movement in the middle
West, particularly Ohio and Indiana,
has been one of the distinct surprises
to the politicians and today they are
groping somewhat in the dark as to
the effect the so-called “Klan bloc”
may have on their future plans.
While senators and congressmen may
be perfectly willing to form “bloc 3”
among themselves, they do not like
to see the voters following their ex
ample. Opponents of the bloc system
of government at Washington have
foreseen the development of the bloc
system among voters and it has
given them no email amount of
alarm.
They have contended all along that
a bloc system in Congress would fos
ter group voting throughout the
country with all attending evils. Leg
islating by bloc, it has been held, is
no worse than voting by bloc.
This tendency toward group vot
ing is springing up just at a time
when many political observers were
congratulating the country on the
disposition of the voters of the
younger generation to break away
from party lines and cast their bal
lots independently.
The late President Harding did not
share their views. He was a great
believer in party regularity and while
it is true his campaign managers
made direct appeals to some of the
embryo voting groups which have
since come to the surface, he held
that party allegiance was a thing to
be prized and fostered above every
other consideration. With the break
ing down of party lines Mr. Harding
foresaw a dissolution of the system
of party government which has ob
tained in the United States since the
formation of the Republic. Mr. Hard
ing fought group control in Congress
as the forerunner of group voting.
It would be erroneous to picture
the party leaders as panic stricken
at this time but there is no doubt
they are giving grave consideration
to the tendencies noted in the recent
elections. The activity and success
of the Klan in assembly districts of
Long Island was particularly interest
ing. It has been held along that New
York city, with its cosmopolitan pop
ulation, its high percentage of all
anti-Klan elements would be the last
place for the Klan to find a footing.
Northern elements of the Klan
seem to devote themselves almost
exclusively to political matters but it
is just this fact that is giving the
politicians concern. It is quite an
easy matter sometimes to swing an
election by appealing to the “peepul,”
but it is quite something else again
to conduct a campaign against or
ganized groups.—From New York
Paper.
-K-K
WILL THE FOREIGNER?
By S. A. P.
There is danger of it. Statistics
show that immigration is bringing in
foreigners faster than we can raise
natives. And the worst of it is that
the greater part of the foreigners
who are coming, are of an objection
able class. We get a fine lot of citi
zens from the North of Europe, but
an entirely different class come from
the South of Europe.
In many parts of our country the
foreign elements outnumber the na
tive class, and it will not be so very
long before this will be true through
out the country unless immigration
of an objectionable character can be
stopped. Our people are beginning
to wake up to this peril and already
legislation to avert the catastrophe
has been passed in spite of great op
position. But the question of what
to do is not yet satisfactorily an
swered. This presents one of the
greatest problems before the Ameri
can people.
A WARNING VOICE! Gino Spe
ranza, himself a foreigner, from the
South of Europe, but a thorough
American in spirit, has a very serious
article in “World’s Work,” warning
our people of the great peril which
is upon us. And, most remarkable of
all, the editorial of the magazine
fully endorses the article, and adds
much material to make us thoughtful
INDIAN SCHOOLS AT
PREMIUM-WON
-K-K-K
Educational Facilities for Red Man
Sadly Lacking, Says Head
of Society
—K-K-K
Washington, D. C.—ln a recent ar
ticle by the Rev. Philip Gordon on the
deplorable condition of Indian schools,
the reverend gives the public an en
lightening on the subject, and states
as follows:
“The highest grade school provided
by the government on Indian reser
vations is a sixth grade school. Hie
government maintains three or four
schools outside the reservations which
reach the eighth grade, but there is
only one school in the country for the
Indians which has a high school and
commercial courses, namely, the Has
kell Institute at Lawrence, Kan.
“The so-called Carlisle college,
which was formerly at Carlisle, Pa.,
and which is now abolished, although
most American citizens have not been
advised of that fact, was only an
eighth grade school. This school did
good service because it had about
1,000 students, and from it students
went to work among the farmers, at
tended other schools and many went
to Dickinson college and other insti
tutions. But this school was abol
ished because of American politics,
the war being used as an excuse to
wipe it out. The commissioner of
Indian affairs, during the war, turned
it into a hospital and, though this
was during the first year of the war,
nothing has been provided in lieu
thereof since that time.
“There are about 25,000 Indian
children out of 80,000, who are left
completely without even the meager
school facilities that the government
provides. Yet the government every
year appropriates $5,000,000 for In
dian education.”
RANTING OF ROMANISM
The following sentiment was pub
lished in the Los Angeles Times:
“As a full fledged American, with
every legal and inherited right, as a
white American, I fearlessly and
openly state that there is not room in
these United States of America, un
der the Stars and Sripes in its em
blematical glory, for such an organi
zation as the Ku Klux Elan and I
hereby call on every loyal American
and every loyal American institution
to demand that every employee in
their employ subscribe under oath
that they are not members of the Ku
Klux Klan and that they will not be
come members of that organization,
and that all new applicants for em
ployment shall sucscribe to the same
or a like oath.”
The Pope himself couldn’t state it
better. Starve ’em out, boys. Cut
off the rations. When they see the
ribs sticking out on their wives and
children and hear them crying for
bread, they’ll cave in! Great stuff.
However, we wil make this observa
tion. While it is true that such meth
ods worked in the Spanish Inquisi
tion, in the dark ages, in the bloody
French Revolution and numberless
thousand* perished by just such a
process, any man is a plain fool who
believes that America will stand for
such a policy. The Los Angeles
Times and its correspondent may
think that this Republic would stand
silently by while Americans were
thus driven to their knees at the
feet of an ancient foe, but if they do,
they certainly are booked to learn a
lesson or two during the next few
years.—Bob Shuler’s Magazine.
A. BRISBANE MAKES
A FEW REMARKS
CONCERNING LUTHER
December 2 was the 65th anniver
sary of Theodore Roosevelt’s birth
and the 9th was the 406th anniver
sary of Luther’s revolt against the
church in which he had been a monk.
Many Protestant churches celebrated
the day on which Luther nailed his
protest to the door of the church at
Wittenburg. Germany.
If Luther could return, he would
find that the Catholic church and the
Po'e are still doing fairly well.
Wiiat would surprise him would be
to find that so many of his Protest
ants no longer believing in hell, or in
that very personal devil, at whose
head Luther threw his inkstand. »
The Pope, reigning in Luther’s
day, did not take him very serious
ly, saying: “I do not blame that ig
norant monk as I do those that in
spired him.”
Luther’s brotherhood, according to
the Catholic story, had been deprived,
by the Pope, of certain lucrative col
lections, and they stirred up the
Lutheran trouble.
Reader: How do you think these
remarks compare with the actual his
tory of the founding of Protestant
ism ?—Exchange.
KKK
Fond Parent to Abie— How much
is two time two?
Abie—Six.
F. P.—No, Abie, that’s wrong. The
answer is four.
Abie—l knowed the answer, fad
der, but I wanted to see you bargain.
—Jack 0* Lantern.
CATHOLICS RE-WRITING
AMERICAN HISTORY
(Bob Shuler’s Magazine)
Protestant Americans, the nation
over, should awaken to the serious
danger that threatens our country
from the attempt of Roman Catholic
ism to re-write American history.
That the Knights of Columbus have
on more than one occasion taken up
seriously the matter of modifying and
revising American history is well
known and not to be denied. This
editor believes that American history
should be written from the American
viewpoint, with truth and fact always
positively stated. We are not will
ing for our sons and daughters to
study a history written from the
Roman viewpoint. Wherever Rome
has touched history in the past, she
has always colored it with the adul
teration of her selfish propaganda.
America is not prepared to receive
and teach such a history. For this
reason I say every good American
should be on guard. With the cun
ning of the wild fox of my boyhood
hills, Rome is busying herself today
in her attempt to ingratiate herself
into American life and policies. We
must treat her fairly and deal with
her honorably, but we must never let
her dominate any text book that be
longs to a tax-supported educational
institution within this Republic.
K-K-K
AMBASSADORWARNSUS
—K-K-K
Says America Must Watch and Curb
Alien Propaganda
—K-K-K
Worchester, Mass.—Richard Wash
burn Child, United States ambassa
dor to Italy, warned the people of
the United States against the utter
ances of foreign propagandists in a
statement published in the Worches
ter Evening Post recently.
Asmassador Child mentioned no
names, but said:
“We ought to feel a sense of se
curity and pride in the fact that as
q nation we can afford to listen to
the propaganda of foreigners who
come to tour the United States and
tell us what we ought to do in our
foreign affairs.
“Probably no country in the world
would be as tolerant as we are of
advice coming from abroad as to the
line of conduct our president and
our secretary of state should follow.
Must Be Careful
“I strongly suspect that if our
prominent men went to certain coun
tries in Europe and went around tell
ing what to do they would be sent a
list of the steamship sailings. Per
haps it is a fine thing that we are so
eager to listen to everyone and to
extend our hospitality so generously.
“But we must be careful to iden
tify the sources of our information
and not rush too hastily to the con
clusions that foreign influences pre
sent. Certain countries may attempt
to fill the United States with spoken
and writen propaganda.
“We ought to watch out and see
that one nation does not enlist our
sympathy or aid in some unrighteous
cause against another nation to
whom we owe equal friendship.”
K-K-K
GOVERNMENT IS OUR
GREATEST INDUSTRY
Our greatest industry, says the
Kansas City Times, is not the steel
industry, the farm industry, the auto
mobile industry nor the motion pic
ture industry; our greatest industry
is government! “One-twelfth of the
working population of the United
States is engaged in the business of
government.” For every 12 persons,
one is working at “government.”
Every American works 50 days in
the year to support this great host.
Fifteen per cent of every American
dollar is sliced off to pay them.
Every Congress sees scores of at
tempts to increase this army of the
public payroll. Even babies cannot
be born now without representatives
of the government near by. If an
other bill passes, children cannot
learn their three R’s without repre
sentatives of the federal government
near by to watch them. We are es
tablishing with dangerous rapidity a
class who«e interests are so inti
mately connected with the continu
ance of things as they are, that the
people will be helpless. Already this
government class has completely lost
the idea of being servants of the peo
ple; they do not exercise service
toward us, they exercise control over
us. The situation is so bad, and
promises to grow so much worse, that
someone must risk the reputation of
being a calamity howler in order to
call attention to it.
“Too much government” always
means not enough good government.
—Exchange
K-K-K
So great an honor has never been
conferred on the historic pile, the
White House, as will be conferred
when there will be a “Catholic altar”
erected, and by the will, consent, and
aid of the American people. The
Catholic church is today the balance
wheel of this Republic, and the day
is not far distant when she will be
come the entire machinery of this
government and perpetuate it.—Cath
olic Newa.
KIANSMEN REWARE
OF THE TRAITOR
The devil is a traitor. He was in
heaven, but, not satisfied with that,
he turned against God. Taught a
different doctrine, tried to usurp the
Kingdom of Heaven, and raised so
much strife he was kicked out and
sentenced to hell in the end. He is
now on earth busily engaged in es
tablishing a kingdom in the hearts
of all men he can influence, collecting
together his fellow-traitors on earth.
He is succeeding, too, because of the
option given man by his Creator, of
accepting good or evil. Yes, they,
too, are traitors to God because they
owe it to Him to live and serve Him
for all He has done and is doing for
them, even though they are traitors;
but they prefer to be traitors and
fight against God and with the deviL
Benedict Arnold was another trait
or. He betrayed his country to its
enemy in time of war, mortal com- 1
bat for freedom and existence. Yet,
Arnold is reported by the Jesuits to
have made a very strong anti-Jesuit
address before the Continental Army,
which, to my mind, proves there wae
“some” good in the person. It shows
that he did have at least some inter
est in the welfare of his race, even
though he later betrayed those to
whom he professed loyalty. Despite
what good he might have done he was
a traitor and justly so called.
That Jesuits join in the execration
of Arnold as a traitor, but both they
and the pages of our history are
silent as the tomb when it comes to
the Roman-Irish Riflemen in the Con
tinental Army who were “continually
deserting to the enemy.” It’s true
their numbers were comparatively
small, but none the less troublesome
and menacing to the cause. Arnold
“deserted,” and told what he knew.
So did THEY. Shall we call Arnold
a traitor and them patriots ? God
forbid. At worst all Arnold be
trayed was the physical welfare and
NOT the souls of men.—Exchange.
KLANSMENAND I2TH
CHAPTER OF ROMANS
(The Searchlight)
Klansmen, let me admonish you
again to turn to the 12th of Romans,
and read it carefully. You are com
ing into sore trial, just as you had
thought the greatest of your trials
were over.
There are many men who love to
hate, and hate to love.
There is no love in such men, and
they cannot conceive that there are
any good thing in most other things.
Politicians and self-servers will lay
at your door all sorts of blame.
Paul says to you in the book of
Romans, “I beseech you, therefore,
brethren, by the mercies of God, that
you present your bodies a living sac
rifice, holy, acceptable unto God,
which is your reasonable service.”
You Klansmen know that there
isn’t any chance for wrong thoughts
to be permitted to remain in your
minds, if you are to live up to that
verse of the Scripture, and to the
teachings of the Klan.
Above all things you know that we
are to love one another, and that
takes in all, all other races and
creeds.
Hate sin, but love the sinner.
God expects you to love. Love is
the greatest thing in the world. Love
will conquer an individual and love
will conquer a nation. Love will con
quer the world.
Let those who serve the devil take
the law into their own hands, Klans
men who serve Christ cannot do such
things. Let those who are wedded
to unrighteousness avenge them
selves. Klansmen who serve the
true and living God cannot, but must
say and act, “Vengeance is mine,
saith the Lord.”
So with Paul, your good counsellor,
says to you, “Dearly beloved, avenge
not yourself but rather give place
unto wrath.”
-K-K
THE KLANSMAN’S PURPOSE
By AKRON
I want to be a Klansman,
And with the Klansmen stand,
The Fiery Cross above me,
The Bible in my hand.
I want to see Old Glory,
Her colors fair and bright,
With fifty million Klanfolks
To guard her day and night.
I want to see our public schools,
The bulwark of our State,
And all our youthful millions
Come trooping through their gates.
For Klansmen never falter
When battling for the right
With the help of God and the Fiery
Cross
We're bound to win this fight.
Now “Onward Christian Soldiers,”
Floats o’er the evening breeze,
And Klanfolks are as numerous
As leaves upon the trees.
The Klan won’t rest till ' the lest
armed foe
Shall sleep beneath the sod,
We’ll fight for the Stars and Strines
and Home,
And leave the rest with God.