THE CALL of the NORTH
ia published every Friday by the Call of the North Publishing Co., St. Paul, Minnesota,
and will stand for American institutions, principles, ideals and traditions without fear
or favor.
Edited, not to make up people’s minds, but to up people’s minds; to help
mold active public opinion which will make America a proper place to live in.
News of truth kills more false news and shrivels up more "bunk” than all the earnest
arguments in the world. Truth helps to clarify opinions on serious questions by serious
people.
The CALL OF THE NORTH will strive to give the American viewpoint on pub
lished articles and separate the dross from pure gold in the current news of the day.
P. J. ORN, I I I I I - I Editor In Chief
REV. W. SMITH HARPER. D. D.. I I I I Associate Editor
ADVERTISING RATES WILL BE FURNISHED UPON REQUEST
SUBSCRIPTION RATE— - - - By Mail $2.00 Per Year in Advance
Send all news items and address all inquiries to EDITOR, CALL OF THE NORTH, Peat
Office Box 172, St. Paul, Minnesota.
c TRAILBLAZERS.
As you study the pages of history you see standing out beyond all
passing events the men and women behind the events.
The human family has always heaped contumely upon its great lead
ers, questioning their motives and denouncing their purposes.
The onward march of mankind has been made possible by fearless
individuals who held high the beacon of progress.
As the children of men advanced they shouted aloud berating their
leadership. It is only after Time has kindly obliterated the memory of
peculiarities and shortcomings of leaders that they have been given credit
for wisdom and foresight.
The great leader of today must die in order to come to his own. A
leader at close range is viewed with suspicion. When the grave has swal
lowed the trailblazer, then he is seen with an eye that honestly appraises
merit.
The human family would still be living in the caves of darkness if
trailblazers had not pointed out the way and proded mankind into the light
of a higher civilization.
Today we crucify our leaders by means of our press, our forum, our
schools, our churches. Mankind has always tortured its leaders and will
continue to do so unto the end of time. Time does nothing more than refine
the methods of torture.
Moses could have lived his days in ease and luxury, but the inner
throb urged him to free his people from the bondage of Egypt. Moses led
his people out of the Land of Egypt toward the Promised Land. When
reverses came his people turned upon him. Listen to their words of de
nunciation:
“Would to God we had died by the hand of the Lord in
the land of Egypt, when we sat by the flesh pots, and when
did eat bread to the full; for ye have brought us forth into this
wilderness, to kill this whole assembly with hunger.”
“Wherefore is this that thou hast brought us up out of
Egypt, to kill us and our children and our cattle with thirst.”
We read that at times the life of Moses was in danger; his own
people murmured, criticised, denounced and threatened. People have
changed but little in their treatment of trailblazers through the passing cen
turies.
He overturned the old traditions, he wrecked institutions built on
ignorance, superstition and prejudice. The pillars of the then prevailing
order fought Jesus, using every means within their power.
Pilate, you remember, told the people in plain words, “What evil
hath he done? I have found no cause for death in him.” Yet the people
clambered for the life of their best friend. Mankind nailed Jesus to the
cross as they had done with their great leaders before His time and have
done since His time.
In art, science, religion, politics the trailblazer exerts wonderful
power, and shapes the mind of man in spite of opposition. Today we shout
against the leader and tomorrow accept him. Today we stone the original
thinker, tomorrow we build monuments in his memory.
Up to the year 1761 the Roman church taught that man had one
less rib than woman. A daring anatomist by the name of Vesalius scoffed
at the teachings of the church and after much denunciation the church ad
mitted that man has as many ribs as woman. It was, however, resentfully
that the scientific proof of Vesalius. was accepted by the church.
Roger Bacon, an English monk residing in France discovered the
laws of steam long before Watts* but dared not give the world the benefit
of his discovery because the clergy insisted that “the devil is in the
kettle.”
Savonarola, a Dominican friar living in the latter part of the 15th
century, dared to oppose the Roman, church. The church condemned him as
a heretic and had him burned at the stake. The puritanic and ascetic ideals
which Savonarola embodied were crushed to the ground by the church. To
day we accept the teachings of the great friar* and realize the insanity of
the forces that fought the trailblazer and finally destroyed him.
Listen to the words of Savonarola delivered in 1494:
“Oh, my Florence, I was in. a safe haven, the life of a
friar. By my preaching I led a few into the way of salvation.
As I took pleasure therein, the Lord drove my bark into the
open sea. Before me on the vast ocean I see terrible tempests
brewing. Behind I have lost sight of my haven. The wind
drives me forward, and the Lord forbids my return. On my
right the elect of God demand my help; on my left demons and
wicked men lie in ambush. I communed last night with the
Lord, and said, ‘Pity me, Lord; and lead me back to my haven.
It is impossible; see you not that the wind is contrary? I
will preach, if so I must; but why need I meddle with govern
ment of Florence?’
‘lf thou wouldst make Florence a holy city, thou must
give her a government that favors virtue!
‘But, Lord, I am not sufficient for these things.’
‘Knowest thou not that God chooses the weak of this
world to confound the mighty? Thou art the instrument, I
am the doer.’
Then I was convinced, and cried, ‘Lord, I will do Thy
will; but tell me, what shall be my rewards?’
‘My son, the servant is not above his master. The Jews
made me die on the Cross; a like lot awaits thee.’
‘Yea, Lord, let me die as Thou didst die for me.’
Then he said, ‘Wait yet a while; let that be done which
must be done, then arm thyself with courage.’ ”
Dante Was a Trailblazer
When I think of Savonarola, I seem to recall the immortal Dante
who lived and labored in the early part of the 14th century. Even after
600 years we still pay tribute to the great poet. “That a medievalist should
call forth homage in the 20th century from peoples living a under civiliza
tion utterly different from that which he knew and by nations which for
the most part do not know the language in which he wrote, is marvel ex
plainable only by his supreme genius.”
Dante was proscribed and condemned to death by the enemies of
mental and political freedom. Dante fled for his life and never found his
way back to his beloved Florence. He wandered from city to city, a
broken-hearted, embittered man. Those, as individuals, Who persecuted
Dante are forgotten; Dante lives and will continue to live in the hearts
and minds of men until the trumpet sounds.
He opened wide the door of individual judgment in matters of re
ligion. Fearlessly he fought the powers of Rome and questioned their
authority. It was only the rush of events that prevented a crushing of
Lutheranism, yes Protestantism. The Catholic emperor, Charles V, found
himself too busy crushing uprisings and fighting France to give dge atten
tion to the movement initiated by Luther, so the new faith was left for a
generation to grow strong.
John Calvin had to leave France because he wag rated a heretic and
that meant danger for him. He sought refuge in Geneva, Switzerland.
Although Calvin did some things that revealed an inner bigotry, yet he
attracted a wide attention and left a deep mark in the path that leads to
the uplands.
Roger Williams, the founder of Rhode Island, is slowly coming to a
worthy recognition of his vision and tolerance. Roger Williams was driven
from the Massachusetts colony because he dared to question the bigotry of
the order prevailing in Massachusetts contending that the iand occupied
belonged to the Indians, thalt all men have a right to “walk as their con
science persuaded them, every one in the name of his God,” that govern
ment must be maintained by “free and voluntary consent of all the free
Moses Was a Trailblazer
Jesus Was a Trailblazer
Vesalius Was a Trailblazer
Savonarola Was a Trailblazer
Martin Luther Was a Trailblazer
Calvin Was a Trailblazer.
Roger Williams Was a Trailblazer
inhabitants.” He was to some a heretic meriting nothing better hen
death, but to us he stands as one of the noblest figures in our colonial
history.
Washington Was a Trailblazer
Many think that the leadership of George Washington was accepted
whole-heartedly. In the Continental Congresses that sat during the Rev
olutionary War there were enemies that tried to have General Washingon
removed from his place as commander of the colonial forces. It seems to
have been the plans of Washington’s enemies to put that treacherous sub
ordinate, General Charles Lee, in Washington’s plqce. When President
Washington came out publicly for the Jay Treaty, he did not escape cen
sure, abuse, and vilification. Some few even went so far as to accuse
George Washington ef seeking to establish himself as a king on an Ameri
can throne. Great leadership must always fight small minds.
People laughed at Robert Fulton’s steamboat; Langley’s “bir£,’
aroused humorous taunts;; Stephenson’s locomotive was declared an im
possibility. It would be interesting to note the mental reactions of those
who hindered the work of trailblazers of past centuries as they behold the
achievements of the present.
Abraham Lincoln did not seem the great personage he really was
to those who lived during his time. Now we are seeing more clearly the
bigness of the railsplitter. Like a great masterpiece in art we must stand
back in order to see beauty of character and depth of wisdom. It is so
easy to permit the brush strokes to hide the motif.
Humanity needs more trailblazers today than it has. Human progress
moves up the path opened by the heroic souls who went forth unafraid.
There are many wonderful minds now alive with thought that will benefit
the children of men very little because of a shrinking nature which hides
the light under a bushel.
Protestantism needs an awakening so complete as to re-establish the
fearlessness of the past. Our American civilization is essentially the
handiwork of Protestantism. On every side non-Protestant forces seek the
destruction of that which Protestantism.has given to humanity. Modern
trailblazers are pointing the way to eternal perpetuation of he glories of
Americanism, but how frequently we hear the alien howls of mobs—non-
Protestant mobs—shouting for the life of the great, fearless Protestant
and American leaders, trailblazers. And the sickening fact is unavoidable,
not infrequently, even Protestants, join the wolf-chorus of hate.
All that America is today, as a great nation, the faith, love, vision
and courage of Protestantism has made possible. That being a fact, only
Protestantism loves America enough to stand a united wall against all
r.nti-American groups within the nation, regardless of the cost in money
and blood. Hearken, then, ye Protestant sons and daughters of America, be
not lead astray by the un-American forces berating real American leaders
Standing firm for God, Home and Country.
With Waltonism holding the limelight for a number of weeks, the de
scendents of “Asses” decides to revive an old organization kown as the
Assinine Asses of America. We understand that the Oklahoma Despot has
been approached by several organizers of the “Asses” and offered the high
est place in the order. It seems that the representatives of the Assinine
Asses consider “Jack” most worthy of their esteem and fully qualified for the
leadership of their organization. According to some of the “Asses” inter
viewed by the “Call of the North,” the King of Oklahoma was delighted when
he learned that the Assinine Asses of America had concentrated their final
choice upon Him (note the “h”' in “Him”) as their “Brayer Supreme.” It
is alleged that he spake with enthusiasm saying, “I have been a “Jack” and
an ass for many years, so am considerably moved by your faith in me as a
Jackass worthy of your love and co*fidence.”
By careful investigation we learned enough about the A. A. A. so that
we are able to “expose” it. We give you below an exact copy of the “form”
used at the “closed” lectures of the Assinine Asses of America.
Your friends state that you are a low-born citizen, having the sole in
terests of yourself, henchmen and political party at heart; owing allegiance
to Ranters, Rapists and Runts and engaged in some illegal occupation, such
e. 3 bootlegging, white-slaving, dope-peddling, bank-robbing or libertine at
large; and that you believe in, viz:
The tenets of the Party Pork Barrel. Closer relationship between the pope and poli-
White degeneracy. ties.
Exploitation of womanhood. Preventing peaceful assemblage of Ameri-
Unjust laws, giving liberty to you and your _ cans. ......
parasites. Preventing legal convention of State Legis-
Closer relationship of liars, thieves and thugs. Promotion of property destruction and coh-
Disreprd for the Constitutions of states and fixation by lawless element..
the United btates. The importation of efficient, well-paid thugs
The divine Right of Governors. and gunmen.
Separation of Criminals from Prisons. The imposition of illegal martial law.
Suppression of Speech and Press. Lawlessness and disorder.
UNPRINCIPLED MEN who could not be trusted under the muzzle of a
gun are invited to join.
Upon these beliefs, and the recommendation of your friends you are
given an opportunity to become a member of the lowest political organiza
tion in the history of man, one that was strong yesterday, weaker today and
deader than a mackerel tomorrow.
Present this card at the door for admittance.
UNGUARDED GATES
Wide open and unguarded stand our
gates,
And through them presses a wild,
motley throng—
Men from the Volga and the Tartar
steppes,
Featureless figures of the Hoang-Ho,
Malayan, Scythian Teuton, Celt and
Slav,
Flying the Old World’s poverty and
scorn;
These bringing with them unknown
gods and rites,
Those tiger passions, here to stretch
their claws,
Accents of menace alien to our all,
Voices that once the Tower of Babel
knew!
0 Liberty, White Goddess! Is it
well
To leave the gates unguarded? Oh
thy breast
Fold Sorrow’s children, soothe the
hurts of Fate,
Lift the downtrodden; but with the
hand of steel
Stay those who to thy sacred portals
come
To waste the gift of Freedom. Have
a care
Lest from thy brow the clustered
stars be torn
And trampled in the dust. For so of
old
The thronging Goth and Vandal
trampled Rome,
And where the temples of the Caesars
stood
The lean wolf unmolested made her
lair.
—Thomas Bailey Aldrich.
-K-K
If Flaherty of the K. C..’s gets as
busy up in Canada as he has been
down here, the Ku Klux Klan will
soon cover that country like ants
around the bunghole of a cider keg.
—BOB SCHULER.
K-K-K-
Constitution? Constitution? Oh,
y-e-s-s; yes. Guess we really have
a constitution, haven’t we?
—Daily Oklahoman.
K-K-K-
Noted physician says that a man
looks like what he eats. In that case
a lot of people must eat lots of
prunes.
—The California Voice.
THE CALL OF THE NORTH
Lincoln Was a Trailblazer
A NEW ORGANIZATION
FOR SELF, NOT OTHERS
“BLESSED BE THE GOD OF
TRUTH”
The search for Truth must ever be
an individual search. He who seeks
Truth must “tread the winepress
alone.” The search must be secret
as its discovery is sacred. The labor
must be continuous because one dis
covery leads to another.
The method of seeking truth is
through asking, looking and knock
ing, with the right knock, until the
Door of Sacred Vault opens and
Truth is disclosed. When Truth is
found it will be discovered to be
useless until expressed in conduct.
The Teacher of Truth is the man
whose conduct is in harmony with
Truth. Only those who have appre
hended Truth can recognize Truth in
the conduct of another who expresses
Truth.
No wise discover of Truth expects
to gain the plaudits of the mob; nor
does he welcome mob attention; be
cause he is aware that the plaudits
of the mob signify the nearness of
his crucifixion.
Seek Truth in secrecy. Make it an
individual possession. Impart it only
to those worthy and well qualified to
receive it. “Give not that which is
holy unto the dogs, neither cast ye
y6ur pearls before swine, lest they
trample them under their feet and
turn again and rend you.”
The mob follows the Teacher of
Truth in expectation of receiving,
without labor, that which can only be
received through individual ecort.
Mobs never care for Truth, but only
for that profit which comes through
the operation of Truth, when it is ap
prehended and expressed. Not being
either worthy or well qualified to ap
prehend Truth mobs applaud one
minute and cry “crucify him” the
next. —Oriental Consistory Bulletin.
If all the young brides could put
their first biscuits together we sure
could build* some fine roads.—Harris
burg Patriot.
Chicago may wonder if the police
drive on bootleggers, rum runners and
moonshiners is kept up, where it is
going to find jail room for the more
respectable criminals.
•K-K-K-
K-K-K-
—Sioux City Journal.
ONE COUNTRY, ONE
FLAG, ONE LANGUAGE
Many aliens contend that our com
paign in favor of one language, one
country, one flag, is an offense
against their government or against
poorly naturalized citizens. It might
be. Yet our duty is not to aliens or
their governments, but to this coun
try of ours.
Those who read daily criticism
against our worthy institutions pub
lished in our foreign press, realize
the danger which is facing us and the
duty of every citizen to wipe it out
or to destroy it in time. And the
best way to wipe it out is to nfake
compulsory the publication of political
or social comment in the official
language of this country.
We have a people made out of
fragments of two or three scores of
old scores. What we need is to make
not only their dress, but their mind
uniform. The melting pot does not
mean that a man becomes a good
citizen of this country by securing a
piece of paper duly signed by the
clerk of a court, or by a judge, and
sealed with the great seal of the
tribunal by whose order he is admit
ted to the duties and privileges of
citizenship.
A citizen of America should be a
citizen and not an enemy scheming
to overthrow our government or hav
ing no sympathy for our institutions
or for our people. He ought to be
able to use and understand our lan
gauge, to use and understand rights
conferred upon him, and to perform
faithfully his duties. This he can
never do unless he knows our lan
guage, our history, our customs, our
immortal aims. He should kneel at
the altar of American patriotism, not
at the altar of hyphen.
The language of his original coui|-
try would be useless in this, unless
he knows our language as well. He
must learn to read and to think in
our language. In this manner he
will learn to protect himself without
restoring to foreign protectors who
are bound to exploit and to ruin him.
To make one language possible, the
foreign language press should be
abolished. This may be accomplish
ed by denying it the help of Ameri
can institutions and enterprises, and
the privilege of second class mail
rates.
It being merely a favor, we may
withdraw it all will. From “The New
comer,” (Chicago).
K-K-K
BRISBANE EDITORIAL
ON SCHOOL BOOKS
BRINGS QUICK RETORT
In an editorial in the Washington
Herald of March 21, Arthur Brisbane,
chief Hearst editorial writer, says
that an organization of Roman Cath
olic women known as “Sanctia Ma
ria,” chapter of the Catholic Daugh
ters of America, had delivered a
copy of the Catholic Encyclopedia to
the public schools of Bellville, New
Jersey, and that the Junior Order of
The United American Mechanics,
Daughters of the American Revolu
tion, and some other fraternal bodies
had protested against the presence
of the papal work in the school.
Without saying so, the editorial
seems rather to imply that the pro
test deserves condemnation. At least
Mr. Brisbane goes out of his way to
praise the encyclopedia very highly.
But it will take more than Hearst
editorials to remove the American
objection to letting enemies of pub
lic educaion push their literature or
propaganda in our public schools.
The Catholic Encyclopedia is useless
as a general reference book. Its
only purpose is to exploit Popery.
Moreover, it is replete with the
papal hatred of American schools.
Volume XIII at page 55 states the
papal law against the public schools
in part in these words: “The church
sometimes tolerates schools in which
religion is not taught and permits
Catholic children to attend them,
when the circumstances are such as
to leave the alternative, and when
due precautions are taken to supply
by other means the religious train
ing which such schools do not give.
She reserves the right to judge
whether this be the case, and, if her
judgment be unfavorable, claims the
right to forbid attendance. State
monopoly of education has been con
sidered by the church to be nothing
short of tyrannical usurpation.”
Such sentiments have no place in
the library of any school. Such prop
aganda ’ should be suppressed. It
seeks to lay the ax at thp root of
our most cherished American insti
tutions. Canon 1347 of the new code
of canon law accords perfectly with
the foregoing papal condemnation of
public schools.
Standard Roman Catholic text
books published in this country with
hierarchial approval deny point blank
the right of civil government to edu
cate the people at all. Keep such
literature out of our public schools.
K-K-K
We will be out on time next week
as u&ual, unless prevented by act of
war, the McCurtaim Democrat tells its
readers.
—K-K-K
Men’s fall clothing styles for Okla
homa seem to be following strictly
military lines.—Stillwater Advance-
Democrat.
K-K-K
Kl&nsmen—to Church!
DISBANDING THE OLD KLAN
American historians a hundred
years from now will record the Klan
achievements in the Sixties and
Twenties as a bright and inspiring
chapter in the evolution of the
greatest Nation the world has ever
known. They will declare that the
Klan, in both periods, was an im
perative necessity in the American
ization, as far as was possible, of the
mongrel and hyphenated hordes which
had swarmed into the country until
there were more of them, adhering
to their Old World languages and
ideas, than there were people in the
United States at the close of the Con
federate War.
One of the thrilling incidents which
the historians will record as typical
of the spirit of the Klan in the Sixties
will be the final order of the Grand
Wizard for the dissolution of the
mysterious and powerful organization
in 1870.
Follows now an authoritative ac
count of this inspiring incident, writ
ten by Mr. R. J. Brunson in April,
1913 in a volume of facts concerning
the Klan which he alone could write,
perhaps, being one of the surviving
founders and famous organizers. The
title of the book is “Historic Pulaski,”
copyrighted in 1913 by Mr. W. T.
Richardson of Pulaski, Tenn., where
the Order was first organized and
which remained throughout the exis
tence of the Klan its central seat of
authority. Mr. Brunson was one of
the great figures in the original Or
der. General Nathan Bedford For
rest, of Confederate cavalry fame,
was the Grand Wizard, the supreme
commander—his position correspond
ing with that of the Imperial Wizard
of the Klan of the Twenties. Mr.
Brunson says:
“When the mission of the Ku Klux
Klan in reclaiming the South from the
carpetbag rule had been finished, the
disbanding of its members was at
tended with weird ceremonies, still
fresh in the memory of many of the
faithful men. Perhaps the most un
ique and weird of all the ceremonies
attended the disbanding of the Nash
ville Den, led by John W. Morton, ex-
Secretary of State, who lived in
Davidson County. The last act of the
real Klan was a warning to the
spurious Klan, organized for lawless
ness, by marching through the streets
of Nashville.
“The original Klan was organized
to protect the homes and the liberties
of the South. White, the symbol of
purity, was the most appropriate col
or of their uniform. After their
work was done and they had dis
banded by order of General Forrest,
some reckless firebrands, who had
private hatreds to appease, organized
bands of nightriders, and had the
audacity to call themselves the Ku
Klux Klan. Some strange sense of
the eternal fitness of things, how
ever, made them discard the white
robes of the real Klan and don flam
ing red, which has always been the
badge of bloodshed, of anarchy, and
of disorder. No wonder their evil
deeds inspired a temporary reign of
terror, until they were wiped out of
existence! For a time the story of
their crimes was attached to the real
Ku Klux Klan, but as time passed
even the people of the North learned
to distinguish between the real and
the bogus Klans.
“The order for the dissolution of
the Klan issued by General Forrest
was in every way characteristic of the
man. When the whites had redeem
ed six Southern States from negro
rule in 1870, the Grand Wizard knew
that his mission was accomplished,
and issued an order at once that the
Klan be disbanded. The execution
afoe
Kuggeb
So I'll cherish the old rugged cross,
Till my trophies at last I lay down;
I will cling to the old rugged cross,
And exchange it some day for a
crown.
An Historical Incident
of this order by John W. Morton, the
Cyclops of the Nashville Den, also
the Grand Wizard, is typical of what
happened throughout the South.
“Thirty-five picked men, mounted,
armed, and in full Ku Klux Klan
regalia for both horses and men, were
selected for the ceremony and order
ed to parade boldly through the
streets of Nashville. The capital was
in charge of 3,000 reconstruction
militia and 200 metropolitan police,
who had sworn to take every Ku
Klux Klansmen, dead or alive, who
dared show himelf abroad. On the
night appointed a squadron of thirty
five white and scarlet Klansmen
moved out of the woods and bore
down upon the city. The streets were
soon crowded with people watching
the strange procession of ghostlike
figures. On the principal streets the
police blew their whistles and darted
here and there in great excitement,
but made no move to stop the dare
devil paraders.
“n they rode up the hill and passed
the capitol, round which the camp
fires of a thousand soldiers burned
brightly, and not a hand was lifted
against them. They turned south in
High street, now Sixth avenue.
Along the line of march ladies waved
their handkerchiefs from windows
and men shouted suppressed oaths.
“Before the Klansmen reached
Broad street the police began to sum
mon citizens to aid in their arrest.
On reaching Broad street, John Mor
ton, who rode at the head of the
squadron, observed a line of police
drawn across the street, with the
evident intention to stop or arrest
the riders. Turning to Mart N.
Brown, a gallant Klansman, who rode
by his side, Morton said:
“What shall we do, Mart?”
“Turn into Vine street,” he quickly
replied, “and pass around them.”
“NO!” came the order from Morton,
“rde straight through without a
change of gait!”
“And they did! The astonished
police, dumbfounded at the boldness
lot the strange men, opened their
lines, and the white horsemen rode
slowly through without a word.
“In their last march down Broad
street they passed a frame building
used as a carpetbag military armory.
It was full of negroes. Directly in
front of the building, Morton halted
his line of white figures, drew them
up at dress parade, rode up to the
door and knocked. The negroes rush
ed to the doors and windows, and
seeing in the bright moonlight the
grim figures of the dreaded Klan,
they forgot the two hundred friendly
police and the three thousand recon
struction soldiers guarding Nashville.
Making a wild and disorderly break
for the rear, they went through every
opening without knowledge of any ob
struction. Many of them wore win
dow-sashes home for collars.
“Wheeling again in a double co
lumn, the Klansmen silently rode
away to their old rendezvous. Their
mission was at an end. They had
overthrown the carpetbaggers’ regime
and restored home rule. Their last
act was a warning.
“Outside the city they entered the
shadows of the forest. Down its dim
aisles, lit by threads of moonlight,
the horsemen slowly wound their way
to the appointed place. For the last
time the chaplain led in prayer. The
men disrobed, and drawing from each
horse his white mantle, opened a
grave and silently buried their re
galia, sprinkling the folds with the
ashes of a copy of their burned Ritual.
In this wierd ceremony ended the
most remarkable revolution in his
tory.”—The Hawkeye Independent.
On a hill far away
Stood an old ragged
cross.
The emblem of suf
f’ring and ihame.
And I love that old
cross,
Where the dearest and
best
For a world of sinners
was slain.
CHORUS:
Oh, that old rugged
cross,
So despised by the
world.
Has a wondrous attrac
tion for me,
For the dear Lamb of
God
Left His glory above
To bear it to dark
Calvary.
In the old rugged cross.
Stained with blood so
divine,
A wondrous beauty I see.
For ’twas on that old
cross
Jesus suffered and died.
To pardon and sanc
tify me.
To the rugged old cross,
I will ever be true,
Its shame and reproach
gladly bear.
Then He’ll call me
some day
To my home far away,
Where His glory for
ever I’ll share.
mb
($roBS