out what it is, in order that the remedy
may be applied, he does well and deserves
support instead of opposition.
R n e
Bryanite Boodle.
Norman Mack, Bryanite Chairman, bit
terly denies that they already have cam
paign boodle to the amount of $300,000.
But he admits having $60,000. Well,
$60,000 is a right snug sum of money for
these tight times.
Bryan has been howling for publicity,
but it seems he wants Taft to have all
of that.
How about a little publicity on your
own part, William J.?
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT
$60,000?
Give us the names of the patriots who
chipped in.
Publicity, William, PUBLICITY!
It’s your own physic, you know.
R H *
The Central of Georgia Railroad. |
We note that the above named corpo
ration finds itself unable to pay any divi
dends upon its bonds.
But we do not hear that the salary paid
J. F. Hanson is to be discontinued, or
that Hanson himself is to be abolished.
Yet, no honest man can defend the man
ner in which Hanson pockets, every year,
$20,000 of the earnings of the Central.
Nobody seems to know how he ever got
the office of President, or why he is re
tained in it, or who it was that fixed his
salary at the preposterous figure of $20,-
000.
It is a notorious fact that a subordinate
officer manages the road, at a small
salary, and that Hanson himself is no
more than a figure-head.
The second income bonds of the Cen
tral represent the minority stockholders
who were cheated out of their property
by the Wall Street rescals when they re
organized the road, and put Hanson in
the saddle as President. The third in
come bonds represent nothing but print
ers’ ink, white paper, and capitalistic
greed. Thev do not stand for a single
dollar of actual investment.
All of these bond issues—first, second
and third —are put at par value when the
corporation goes into court and swears
to a valuation upon which it demands the
right to tax the people.
But when the corporation swears to
the valuation upon which it is to be taxed
by the people, we have a sad case of
“Lawd! how dis fish done swunk!”
But Hanson’s salary does not shrink.
Can anybody tell us what he does to
jearn it?
Possibly he can tell us.
Try it, Major.
« M K
"Reduced Price on Our Magazine.'
During the next three months, the
price of the Jeffersonian Magazine will
be ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR.
We to receive many thousands
of subscriptions at this reduced rate.
THE JEFERSONIAN.
20,000 Telegraph Operators Needed
Young Men, Prepare Yourselves for Good Positions
On account of the new 8-hour law passed by congress in the interest of telegra
phers, and also on account of so many new railroads being built and old lines extended,
an unusual demand for operators has been created. Conservative estimates have
placed the number of additional Operators that will be required during the next - ten
months at approximately 20,000.
YOUNG MEN, NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY! Enroll in our School NOW and
in only four to six months we will have you qualified for splendid positions. Telegraph
Operators receive from SSO upwards. Our school has been established twenty years; its
equipment is perfect; instruction thorough and practical; positions positively guaran
teed our graduates. Board in Newnan is very cheap; the town is healthful and the
people are cordial. Two Main Line Railroad Wires run into our School rooms. No
other school in the United States has such up-to-date and practical facilities for the
benefit of its students. Write at once for free descriptive literature.
SOUTHERN SCHOOL OF TEEEGRAPHY, Box 520, Newnan, Ga.
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all conditions arising
from a deranged liver-indigestion, Biliousness, Con
stipation,. Dyspepsia, Sick Headache, etc.,
made according to the formula of
Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generations have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, therefore,
the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply lexative reme
dies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will thoroughly
convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions of
liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not now have
to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act of
June 30, 1906.
American Cotton College
MILLEDGEVILLE, GA.
For the education of farmers, clerks, merchants, warehousemen, cotton buyers, manu
facturers, and all others, young or old, who are unable to classify and put the correct valua
tion on 18 grades of cotton. Thirty day Scholarships in our sample rooms, or six wetks’
correspondence course, under expert cotton men will complete you. Big demand for cotton
graders and cotton buyers. Session opens S eptember Ist. Correspondence course year
round. Write at once for further particulars.
The Atlanta School of Medicine
Luckie, Bartow and Cain Streets, Atlanta, Ga.
Largest and most progressive medical college in this section. Owns and operates its
own hospital. Extended practical laboratory advantages. Clinical opportunities have never
been equaled in the Southeast. Write for Catalog J.
PAGE THIRTEEN