worry with trifling negro labor, keep up a sup
ply of hog and hominy, and provide a soft
place for the prodigals to light when the world
gives them a hard bounce.
Some stand faithfully by the old farm, and
to these parents should give encouragement
and appreciation, not keeping all the smiles
for the prodigal. Shocked some may be, but
there’s a streak of selfishness in my makeup
which sympathizes with the stay-at-home who
never had the “fatted calf killed.”
With the unlimited possibilities of the soil,
in the way of foodstuffs, I see no reason why
energetic people should starve, or even not
make money on the farm.
And a right determination on their part,
aided by the encouragement of parents, would
in a measure solve the labor problem, take
some of the lordly independence out of the
negro and save many boys and girls from
dwarfed lives in towns and cities.
INTERVIEW WITH MR. WATSON.
(Continued from Page Three.)
any quantity the government thinks expedient.
“Judge Joseph Story was a federalist,
just as Chief Justice John Marshall was, yet
Judge Story delivered an opinion of the
United States supreme court (1819) in which
they held that* a note issued by the govern
ment was legal tender for any debt for which
the act of congress made it receivable. This
principle was affirmed (1884) in the case of
Juilliard against Greenman. Therefore, the
government has constitutional authority to is
sue treasury notes and make them legal ten
der for all debts whatsoever.
“At this time, no act of congress is needed,
for the reason that the acts of 1862 and 1863
are still in force. These give the president
the authority to issue $450,000,000 in green
backs. As we now have only $346,681,000 of
greenbacks, Mr. Roosevelt could at once issue
$103,500,000 of real money, and thus go far
toward the relief of the country.
Grant Increased Greenbacks.
“After the panic of 1875 there was just
such a popular demand for more money as
there is now.; and General Grant caused the
supply of greenbacks to be increased by
$26,000,000. Why not follow this precedent?
“Thoughtless writers attempt to throw
ridicule upon treasury notes by saying that
the country would soon be flooded with
irredeemable paper.
“Tn the first place, it is a question of
whether we are capable of self-government.
We give to the government the awful power
to declare war. We vest the government with
that tremendous power of confiscation which
goes by the name of taxation. We give to
the government the right to say how many
millions of our money shall be spent in the
public service; how many of our sons shall be
kept in the army; how many postoffices shall
oe established; how many battleships may be
built; how many special privileges shall be
granted to legislative pets.
“We give the government the right to
say how many bonds shall be issued to the
bankers; why should we fear to trust our
government to regulate the amount of treas
ury notes that shall he issued to the people?
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
In the next place, how can any currency be
called irredeemable when it is made legal
tender for all the public and private tran
sactions of 85,000,000 people?
“If treasury notes were made legal tender
for custom house duties and internal revenue
taxes, just as they always were until the
xamous exception clause was put on the
greenback, a billion dollars in such notes
would float at par forever.
Calls Our Statesmen Cowardly.
“Our statesmen are not ashamed of a con
gress which votes away nearly a billion
dollars of the people’s treasure, every time
it meets, but they are so cowardly in their
fear of the national banks that they dare not
have a system of United States treasury
notes which would enable the tax payers to
bear much more easily the tremendous and
ever-increasing load of taxation.
“Isn’t it amazing that anybody should
express a fear that a flood of government
notes will ruin the country? For years and
years the country has been flooded with bank
paper of various kinds, which has not only
caused the whole financial system to become
rotten, but which has poured compound in
terest by the hundreds of millions into the
coffers of these pet banks. Yet they have the
infinite cheek to talk about flooding the coun
try with irredeemable paper!
“At the close of the civil war, prosperous
times set in. We were never more prosperous.
At that time there was in circulation more
than two billions of government paper which
was being used as money. Hard times did
not begin until the national bankers began
their relentless warfare upon this paper
money of the government.
“Under the plausible catch-words or nation
al honor, honest money, sacred obligations,
etc., these insatiable monsters of greed have
conducted against the wealth-producers of
America a campaign more ruinous in its
consequences to us than the four dreadful
years of the civil war.
Contraction Causes Panice.
“Panics are caused by contraction; their
only cure is expansion. If the president will
issue $100,000,000 of greenbacks, these nasty
little clearing house certificates will disappear,
confidence will return and normal conditions
will be restored. But we will never have a
just and sound system of national finance so
long as we allow the national bankers to run
that part of the government.
“If ever these corporations wrest from the
government the power to make such an
elastic currency as they-are clamoring for,
the most violent and disastrous fluctuations
in price will be of constant occurrence, and the
entire business world be in complete subjec
tion to the 6,000 national bankers. Eighty
five million people will be periodically skinned
by the six thousand.”
WAKEFIELD Poultry Yards has a few more
Barred Plymouth Rock and White Wyandotte
cockerels for sale at $1.50. Send in your order
now so you can get eggs early in the season.
My barred Rocks are almost perfect in color.
All orders filled from now until February 1
at $1 for 13; after then $1.50. Order now, will
ship when you want them. W. A. LILES, Prop.,
Wakefield. N. C tme
SAFETY RAZOR
PREMIUM
Send 3 subscribers new or old,
to either one of the Jefferson
ians and get as a premium a
First Class ever ready Safety
Razor.
Send full price of fti.oo
each for weekly and $1.50 for
monthly. This razor is guar
anteed to give you perfect
satisfaction.
Address,
JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
The largest school of Bookkeeping, Business
Training, Shorthand and Typewriting in the
state. Positions secured. Fill in and mail for
catalog.
Name
Address
Buttons, Buttons, Buttons!
hbf- ■ v--i
v-, - -1
HON. NEWT GRESHAM.
The National Farmers’ Union decided that
the button, with a picture of Newt Gresham
engraved thereon, should be sold by Miss Lutie
Gresham (his daughter) of Point, Texas.
The National union decided that these but
tons should be sold for twenty-five cents each.
Every member of the Farmers’ Union should
wear one of these buttons. Send your orders
direct to Miss Bly Gresham, Point, Texas.
PAGE SEVEN