PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Temple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - Si.oo PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Bnttnd at Ptittft,, Atlanta, Ga., Januarf 11, IQO7, ai ittand
tian mail matttr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, July 23, 1908
"Bryan's Dodging.
In the denials put forth by Mr. Bryan,
concerning the question of whether he
said to Alfred Henry Lewis, that he was
reluctant to vote for an ex-Confederate
soldier, the Democratic nominee ducks.
Notice the wording of those denials.
He says that he did vote for the ex-Con
federate soldier, Charles F. Crisp.
So he did—but when ? After the Demo
cratic Caucus had nominated Crisp, and
made it imperative that all Democrats
should support him. or be read out of the
party.
What Mr. Lewis refers to is the votes
in the caucus. It was there that Bryan
threw away his vote on Springer, when
Springer was no longer a candidate, and
was, himself, voting for Crisp.
When Mr. Lewis asked Mr. Bryan
why he threw his vote away he received
the answer which has often .been pub
lished and never denied until Mr. Watson
took hold of it and began to pound Bryan
with it.
Mr. Lewis published the story in 1891,
again in 1896, and again in the Human
Life Magazine, in 1908; and Bryan never
entered a denial.
Nor will he now deny that he used
the words quoted by Mr. Lewis.
Write to him, yourself, and ask if he
used those words about the ex-Confeder
ate soldier.
He will dodge.
TRY IT.
H M
Tacts On Bryan's Position As To
Confederate Soldiers.
New York City, July 15, 1908.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My Dear Sir: As to the surprising posi
tion taken by Mr. Bryan, of Nebraska, in
the speakership fight of 1891, and the equally
surprising reason he assigned for it, I possess
a very clear memory. My recollections of the
business are much less confused, I fancy, than
are Mr. Bryan’s own —judging from what the
papers today report of him. Not that any
dimness on Mr. Bryan’s part in this connection
excites my wonder. I was in Washington as
the correspondent of a newspaper; Mr. Bryan
was there as a politician. Newspaper men are
trained to remember, their trade is to recol
lect; politicians are trained to forget, and to
hope that others will forget. Wherefore it now
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
happens that while the affair in its details has
slipped somewhat from Mr. Bryan, it remains
firmly by me in every feature, standing out as
sharply clear as any cameo. Nor shall I
mention at this crisis any interest that might
move Mr. Bryan to blur or warp the story,
nor submit the absence of such interest in my
self. The one would be dragging discussion
into corners unbecoming a candidate and a
gentleman, while the other for reasons no
less cogent might find conviction as bad taste.
Concerning Mr. Bryan’s wasted vote, of
which I shall presently speak, ones curious
as to such waste are referred to the caucus
rolls, and to the newspapers of that day. In
what follows I give a brief relation of the
matter:
Mr. Bryan came to Washington in November,
1891, and aligned himself with the Democrats.
Before Congress convened, the Democrats held
a caucus to select a candidate for speaker. That
fight for a speakership was supposed to be a
fight for a Presidency, a tariff policy, and
much else tremendous in Government. There
were Messrs. Mills of Texas, Crisp of Geor
gia, McMillan of Tennessee, Hatch of Missouri,
and Springer of Illinois in the scramble. Mr.
Mills was the Cleveland candidate, Mr. Crisp
the Gorman candidate. Mr. Cleveland and
Mr. Gorman were rivals for a White House
nomination, and the possession of the House
was thought by each to be important.
The battle began, Mr. Bryan voting for Mr.
Springer. The war staggered on for hours;
there came ballot on the heels of ballot. Mr.
Hatch withdrew, and went into the caucus to
vote for Mr. Crisp. Mr. Springer withdrew,
and went into the caucus to vote for Mr.
Crisp. Mr. Crisp won in the last of it by the
merest fragment of a majority—two votes, I
think.
As related, Mr. Bryan voted from the first
for Mr. Springer. When Mr. Springer with
drew, he still voted for Mr. Springer. That
gentleman was himself voting for Mr. Crisp;
he had withdrawn his name; he was no longer
a candidate. Yet to a final roll call, which
gave victory by a brace of votes to Mr. Crisp,
Mr. Bryan went shooting his lonely arrow
in the useless air for Mr. Springer. In brief,
he threw away his voice in a struggle where
thrones and scepters were the prizes contended
for.
It was two months later, I should say, when
I one day asked Mr. Bryan why he thus threw
himself away. He was not so old as he is now,
and hadn’t—-as he has since—carried the great
art of forgetting to sublimest heights.
“Did you ever stop to think,” demanded Mr.
Bryan, and his look was deep and foxy; “did
you ever stop to think that both Mills and Crisp
were ex-Confederates?”
“What difference should that make?” I urged.
“It might make a deal of difference,” said
Mr. Bryan, “in the country I come from. For
myself, 1 shouldn't care to go back and face
an old-soldier element along the Platte with
the record of having voted for an ex-Con
federate.”
There was more. I remember I congratu
lated Mr. Bryan upon a prudence that kept his
prospects of politics so carefully in mind,
and compared it with the purblind reckless
ness of such as Messrs. Andrews and Hoar
and Williams of Massachusetts, Cummings of
New York, Holman and Shively of Indiana,
Cable of Illinois, to say naught of his own
candidate, Mr. Springer, one and all of whom,
while as much surrounded by an “old-soldier
element” at home as was he himself,' had
not hesitated to be for either Mr. Mills or
Mr. Crisp. There our discussion ceased. No,
I do not scruple to give it word for word. It
was in no sort confidential, and I put most of
it in print at the time.
Upon being elevated to the speakership, Mr.
Crisp named Mr. Bryan on the Ways and Means
—an important assignment. This struck me as
strange, considering how Mr. Bryan hadn’t
voted for Mr. Crisp, and that dozens who had
were eager applicants for the place.
The mystery of that Ways and Means ap
pointment was laid bare to me by General
O’Ferrell of Virginia, one of Mr. Crisp’s lieu
tenants in the caucus war. It was privately
understood, he said, that in event of a tie
between Mr. Crisp and Mr. Mills, Mr. Bryan
would take a chance on that “old-soldier ele
ment” and vote for Mr. Crisp. Unless he were
absolutely needed, however, he preferred to
keep his record pure and free of every ex-Con
federate taint.
“And,” as General O’Ferrell convincingly put
it in conclusion, “of course the great thing
after all was to keep him from going to Mr.
Mills. That, with the added understanding
that his vote was to be Crisp’s, should it be
necessary in order to name him, was every
thing we could ask. Practically, it was the
same as though he were one of us; and so,
when Mr. Springer at the time he came over
spoke of him (Bryan) for a place on the Ways
and Means, we didn’t hesitate to make the
trade.”
All of which displays the acumen of Mr.
Bryan, who was able to be for a man while
not appearing to support him and earn a high
House position without seeming to work for it.
So victorious a chicane would have illumined
a Mazarin, adorned a Richelieu! At one
fell if duplex swoop, Mr. Bryan escapes that
damaging “record” of “having voted for an ex-
Confederate” and leaves naught save his tran
scendent merit to account for a House emi
nence to which he is triumphantly boosted.
Were one disposed to severity one might
urge that, in what Mr. Bryan is quoted by the
papers as saying, our slippery gentleman shows
neither ingenuous nor frank. He states that
he “voted for Mr. Crisp as speaker.” He did,
when the formal vote was taken in the House.
Every Democrat present on that House occa
sion voted for Mr. Crisp, if you except the dis
gruntled Mr. Mills, who maintained a sore and
sulky silence.
Mr. Bryan says he “voted for Mr. Crisp in
caucus.” He did, but it was in the caucus held
in 1893. Mr. Crisp was speaker twice. At the
second caucus called just before Congress con
vened in 1893 —it was the extra session ordered
by Mr. Cleveland —there existed no opposition
to Mr. Crisp. His was the only name; his
selection took place by acclamation. Also, in
that second caucus, either because there was
no roll call to make “a record,” or his fears of
“an old-soldier element” has measurably sub
sided, Mr. Bryan did vote for Mr. Crisp.
But in the first caucus —the caucus of 1891 —
the caucus in which upon a final roll call Mr.
Crisp defeated Mr. Mills, Mr. Bryan from be
ginning to end gave his vote for Mr. Springer.
Albeit, the latter amiable gentleman, during
the last of it, had withdrawn his candidacy, and
was himself upon the floor, red carnation and
all, voting hard for Mr. Crisp.
Mr. Bryan is one who, finding himself unable
to buck the center, seeks to go ’round the
ends. But if the papers, putting questions, bear
the above in mind and trim the sail of
inquiry to (natch therewith, he will confess
Wi