C?b£ Jeffersonian
Vol. 7, Number 14
AS EASTER BELLS CHIMED
IN MONTGOMER Y, ALABAMA
T
days. As at Christmas, all ranks met on a common level.
Business was suspended, courts closed, slaves freed, old enmi
ties buried, good fellowdiip put on duty.
The church doors flew open to the poor, and they were
feasted there. Charity went her rounds, diligently seeking
whom she might succor.
The Easter kiss touched every cheek—the giver saying be
forehand, “ Christ is risen.'' 1 The response to the salute was,
“Indeed, He is risenN
Yes, Lord! Thy name, in those old days, meant something
more than a social dress-parade, a brilliant competition in
Easter hats, and vaudeville in the sanctuary ! Men and women
lived their religion; and the Christian neither despised nor
neglected the poor.
Five correspondents, writing from five different places in
Alabama, have sent me the newspaper report of Easter day in
the city of Montgomery.
The streets were lined with people on their way to the
churches. Diked out in the finest that money could buy, these
followers of “the meek and lowly Jesus” trooped to syna
gogues, to enjoy the decorations and the music.
Through the same streets, and apparently in view of the
church-goers, were tzvo negro men, driving a grocer's delivery
wagon, in which lay a dying white woman.
It was Mrs. Fannie Gates, a widow of sixty-eight winters—
a woman who had long been a resident of the city, and who
had bravely struggled, alone and unaided, to make her living,
selling the milk of a few cows. But some of her cows died,
and the milk of those left was insufficient to support her, and
she sold them.
Then the poor old heroine— asking for nothing but work!
—went to the wash-tub. But she was so weak that her laun
drying did not give satisfaction, and her patrons left her one
after another.
Then she fell sick!
Have you pondered over this—what it means to the poor
and the solitary when illness prostrates them?
That heroic old lady was flat on her back, in the agonies of
pain, a whole day, before any one discovered her condition.
Had she been a Chink, in Canton, China, the white missionary
doctor would have scented the case, in a couple of hours, and
flown to her relief. But she was not so fortunate as to be a
resident of China. There was nothing about her case to kin
dle the imagination—nothing to get into the newspapers on.
Being merely a commonplace person, like the destitute old
women that are familiar sights, nobody cared anything in par
ticular for Mrs. Fannie Gates.
Poor old Soul! She had never heard of that glorious “Un
cle Charlie”, who has been flat on his back, so many years, but
who through his paper has sent streams of charity toward so
many thousands of the afflicted and neglected.
Did any of the Pious People find that lone, sick widow?
These men, women and children who are about to break their
HE early Christians, in Palestine, were, of course,
Jews; and they, missing their national passover,
substituted Easter. The festival cannot be traced
as far back as to the Apostles, but the custom is of
ancient origin. Among all nations, the coming of
Spring has been celebrated by some kind of joyful
ceremonial; and the name itself is derived from
Eodtra, the goddess of Spring.
In medieval times, the festival lasted several
Mtanta, Ga., Thursday, oflpril 7, 1910
necks, racing around to collect money for the heathen—did
any of these discover the plight of Mrs. Fannie Gates?
No: they were too busy trying to outfit more doctors, sur
geons and nurses for the Catholic and heathen world.
It was an aged negro woman who found the sick widow.
Viney Hollifield, may be as black as the back, but her heart is
one of gold.
How long ago was that? IT IF AN A MONTH AGO.
During the whole of that time, this negro woman was do
ing her best to prevail on the city and county authorities to do
something. AND SHE UTTERLY FAILED.
The facts are so absolutely bewildering that I think best to
let you have them as they are reported in the Montgomery
Advertiser:
“The city doctor was called and responded, but did not come
again, saying, Viney says, that the case was one for tne county au
thorities. Then the old negro says she called the county physician,
and was told to take the sick woman to the poor house for attention.
“Viney says she then asked for the city ambulance to move Mrs.
Gates and was told the city had no ambulance. Then she asked for
the hospital ambulance, and was told they had no such vehicle. Then
she asked the county authorities to send their ambulance and was
told by them that the county had no ambulance.
“Easter morning Viney asked W E. B^k,'the Wtifrltoet
grocer, to lend hey cnG or wagons to take the sick woman to the
(continued on page twelve)
Thetus Sims and the News
paper Clipping
N looking up Thetus AV. Sims, in the Congressional
Biographical Dictitionary, I misconstrued the sketch
of that gentleman.
It appears that he is still in Congress.
Which is. even worse for I-want-it-again than if
Thetus were in retirement.
I
Thetus has not done a bit better since 1901 than he
had done before.
In 1901, he adopted as his own the argument of a newspa
per correspondent, in favor of length of service. The gist of
the clipping was, if the people would continue to send such
men as Thetus to Congress, they’d gain influence, and begin
to do things.
Well, the people of his District were kind to Thetus, and
they continued to send him eight more years.
And what is the result? 'Nothing! Nothing!! NOTH
ING!!! J
I give you my word that I hadn’t even heard that there
was such a man living as Thetus W. Sims. Yet, it is a part
of my business to keep posted as to public men.
During those four additional terms that Thetus persuaded
his people to give him, he has cost the country at least $30,000.
And what has the country to show for it?
Not a blessed thing. He hasn’t done anything in Congress
that his Secretary couldn’t have done, without his aid.
Those Congressmen who are trying to secure re-election,
not on their performances, but on the old newspaper clipping,
are making themselves ridiculous.
The case of Thetus himself proves that the logic of the
“Speech of Thetus” won’t do.
You can’t make a silk purse of a sow’s ear, no matter how
long you try.
Price, Five Cents
i