PAGE EIGHTEEN
OF INTEREST TO FARMERS
CORN WITHOUT A COB.
And now it is an Illinois farmer
who presents the country with an
almost cobless corn. Perhaps the
time is coming when the diner
munching corn will not have to wres
tle with the cob, and rising genera
tions will bless the man who elimi
nated it. The new corn is described
as having each kernel growing on
the parent stem instead of adhering
to a cob. The Illinois grower says
that he eliminated the cob by taking
the tip of each ear and getting only
the very top kernels, and shortly ex
pects to evolve a perfectly cobless
corn. The agricultural college of
that State is looking after the ex
periment. Os course, like all im
provements, there are some disap
proves who remark: “Where would
be the delight of munching corn if
there were no cob on which to
sharpen the teeth?” —National Mag
azine.
THE BREEDING OF TURKEYS.
One of the problems in breeding
turkeys is to keep the breeding stock
in breeding condition. A fat turkey
is a poor breeder. To avoid fatten
ing the breeding birds, and to fatten
the market birds, is a difficult
achievement, says Wallace’s Farmer.
Mark the breeding birds with broad
bands of red flannel and keep them
away from the barnyard until the
fattening birds have eaten most of
the feed; if necessary, pen the breed
ers. Feed moderately through the
winter, giving green and animal food
and charcoal as well as grain. In
February reduce the feed, and by
March make them hunt their own
living. This puts them in good
breeding condition. Give them free
range and open shed for shelter, but
do not house closely.
ADVERTISING FARM PRODUCTS.
You may not think advertising
will pay for a man who lives on a
farm, says Farm and Ranch. That
is because you have either never ad
vertised or failed to advertise in the
right manner. If advertising did not
pay the advertiser, you -would not
today be reading a paper that costs
the maker many times the price it
costs you. The same laws apply to
advertising farm products that apply
to other commodities. First, know
what you want to sell and why; sec
ond, who you want to reach; third,
what medium most effectually reach
es the audience you desire; fourth,
how you will convince your audience.
These are problems every big ad
vertiser studies, and upon his suc
cessful solutions depends his ulti
mate prosperity. Apply it to farm
products and watch your' income
grow.
THEY DID NOT KNOW.
Last year over 11,090 Americans,
mostly farmers from the Northwest,
moved into Canada, says the Pro
gressive Farmer. Many of these
men would have come South instead,
we are sure, if they had known the
possibilities and advantages of the
South as a farming section. It would
have been good for us, too, to have
had them here. Will it not pay us
to give a little more attention to the
advertising of our resources?
SUSPENDED SENTENCE.
The bluejay has long been under
sentence of death, by verdict of the
ornithologists, as a general, all
around undesirable citizen. But the
Department of Agriculture now puts
in an appearance for him, and asks
for a suspension of sentence. The
department investigators have exam
ined the viscera of 299 bluejays, and
found that 75 per cent, of the birds’
diet is vegetable matter, and the
bulk of the remainder seems to be
made up of crickets, mice and other
noxious insects and animals. Only
two stomachs contained the remains
of young birds, and but three the
shells of eggs—and the eating of the
young and the eggs of other birds is
the chief count against him. The
jay is a cheerful and brilliant ras
cal, and we shall be glad to see him
liberated by the court of last resort.
And if he is, the English sparrow
will be about the only bird the farm
er can see killed without being called
upon to mourn a friend. His case,
we fear, is closed.—Farm and Fire
side.
DON’T FORGET THE WATER.
A very large percentage of an egg
is water, and the very best of feed
can not be converted into an egg
without plenty of water. And ice
water is not the best for laying hens.
Water slightly warm, “with the chill
off,” as we say, will be relished
much more by the fowls, and it is
best suited to the requirements of
the bird, both in sustaining comfort
and health, and in making eggs.
Be sure that the water is not
filthy, and that it is not given in
filthy vessels. Chickens will eat and
drink nearly anything, hence it has
grown into a custom to give them
what nothing else will have. But
poultry-raisers have grown out of
that. Filthy water and putrid meat
is as harmful to poultry as to any
other living thing.—The Poultry
Yard.
THE FARM HEN.
The easiest monej r picked up on
the farm is eggs, and of all farm
products they are the quickest
turned into money. On most farms
they are very carelessly handled, but
to get the most money out of them,
they must be handled with care.
Note the range in price on the East
ern city markets and the difference
in price is just the difference in
handling. To command the highest
price the eggs must be spotlessly
clean and newly laid. To get a uni
form grade of eggs you should weed
out of your flock of hens all old and
sickly, undersized and scrubby stock
and change your roosters each year.
To harden the shell so the eggs will
ship well the fowls should be fed oys
ter shells occasionally, or fed a bran
mash two or three times each week.
It matters not how good a range your
flock has they should be fed grain at
least once each day to give the eggs
Obe Jeffersonian
a strong body. The nests should be
kept clean and the eggs gathered
each day. Do not keep them in damp
spring-houses or musty cellars or
hot kitchens. Keep them in a cool
room and cover them so that they
will not get fly-specked or dust on
them. The soiled eggs should be
cleaned with a dry cloth. Do not
wash them. A washed egg quickly
spoils and breaks in shipping. Do
not put pin-holes in them nor grease
them to keep from hatching. Do not
carry your eggs to market in bran,
oats, sawdust or fine hay or they will
look old. But get egg-carriers from
your buyer or the mail-order houses.
At the prevailing prices for fresh
eggs it is not profitable to fool with
holding them in pickle, salt or isin
glass or the like fakes. But market
them at least twice each week. If
the egg-buyer in your section is slo-w
and out of date, do not sacrifice your
eggs by selling to him; but combine
with your neighbors and ship to
dealers familiar with the modern
methods used in handling eggs and
will pay for your eggs according to
their quality.—George Sixeas in
Farm News.
PROMISE IN PECAN-GROWING.
Certainly the most interesting spe
cialty in Southern horticulture at
present is the growing of pecans.
The writer had pointed out to him
recently by a thoroughly trustworthy
man a fine pecan tree in Raleigh.
N. C., which the informant said
yielded SIOO worth of nuts last year.
That is, there were sold from the
tree pecans to the amount of SIOO,
besides supplying the family with all
the nuts they wanted for home con
sumption. The tree stood on an or
dinary city lot, and would pass all
summer for a first-class shade tree. —
Country Gentleman.
BUYS THE NEW
79™ GOLDEN EAGLE MODEL "A
Zj Othe best sewing .a one
V MACHINE MADE— M ™m S
REGARDLESS OF
PRICE OR NAME
You Cannot Buy ra X
A Better Sewing Machine Than Offl -Sgi;
Our New Golden Eagle Model x?l ?wS fiWO
‘‘A”, no matter what the name rAWtSI 2
or price may be. You can pay more, i|f|\y «
but you can’t get more value. This ARI W®®a ***
Model “A” is built by the best me- (wil ®
chanics money can hire, out of the MrU J ?
best obtainable material; all parts mu| gWH
are carefully tested and adjusted by 1
experts, enabling us to guarantee it ® h «
for 20 years, and to give perfect satis- 56 —" ft i
faction; and to be in perfect working IJ model -a-, price $23.50.
Order when it reaches you. Complete.with full set o£ attachments.
Our Model “A” lias the finest head ever used on a family Sewing Machine, embody
ing all the new and special features found in finest Machines made. Its simpleness of
construction, noiseless, light-running qualities, simpleness of operation, handsome wood
work and many exclusive features not found on any other Machine, make it the most
desirable Machine made for the Home.
OUR CATALOG shows other Machines, different styles at different prices. Some
good Machines for $12.50, some better ones for $17.50 and $19.75, which we guarantee to
give entire satisfaction, and to be better than those offered at equal prices by other con
cerns and at retail, but we recommend our Model “A” Machine above all, as the differ
ence in price is really small compared with the satisfaction of having absolutely as tine
a Sewing Machine as any of your Neighbors possess, regardless of what they paid for theirs
and also the satisfaction of knowing that you have as fine a machine as can be made.
IF YOU WANT to order direct from this advertisement, cut it out, pin a $1 00 bill to
it (the U.S Mail is safe), and say “Ship Me by First Freight one New Golden Eagle
Model “A” Sewing Machine C. O. D., $22.50’’. Try it in your own home for 30 days—we
will guarantee the rest—satisfaction and safe delivery.
IF YOU WANT the catalog, write us a postal TODAY, but order the Machine or the
catalog TODAY.
THE GOLDEN EAGLE BUGGY CO.
Golden Eagle Blrc., 156 to 166 EDGEWOOD AVE., ATLANTA, GA.
If you want Real enjoyment, send
ten cents for a copy of Humorist.
Address Publisher Humorist, St.
Louis, Mo. In ordering your read
ing matter, don’t fail to include the
Humorist.
FOR SALE—Seed Corn
BRADBURY’S IMPROVED. None
better. My present crop the best
ever. Price per peck, 75 cents; %
bushel, $1.25; pei’ .bushel, $2.00;
f. o. b. Athens, Ga.
J. E. BRADBURY, JR.
Athens, Ga., Route 4.
wnawwaM A GENTS make $5.00 a day
I ■‘-‘A selling our beautiful Wall
Mottoes, designed in rich col
ors, with roses, pansies,popoies.
fruit, etc. Over 75 designs and
Size 12x16. Entirely new.
Sells on sight. One agent sold
-fl 1.300 in ten days. 400 per
cent clear profit. Particulars
free. Sample Motto 6c.
AUtTT CO.
81 163 Randolph St., Chicago, J
PLAIN TRUTH
A MONTHLY MAGAZINE, 32 PAGES
Ey J. A. SCARBORO,
A Son of Georgia, Minister and
Student.
This Magazine is digging up and
exposing corruption and graft in
“Missions”. Its Editor has studied
the subject fifteen years, published
two books on the subject and knows
what he is doing. Dr. J. N. Hall,
late Editor of the Baptist Flag, the
most widely circulated Baptist pa
per in the South, with whom Scar
boro was associated as Editor of
that paper, said -of him: “J. A. Scar
boro is the best informed man on
missions in America.” The cham
pions of the present system have
declined to meet him in both press
and on rostrum. His Magazine is
full of facts, evidence and argu
ments which can not be refuted. He
is Treasurer of the General Asso
ciation of Baptist Churches, and has
the confidence and enjoys the en
dorsement of his brethren. He is
Pastor of one of the best churches
in the land and just in his prime
and in the thickest of the battle for
truth and righteousness.
FREE OFFER:
Plain Truth for 12 months SI.OO
Foreign Missions Exposed, 100-
page book by Hon. Thos. E-.
Watson „
The Jeffersonian for 52 weeks
or Watson’s Magazine for 12
months 1.00
$2.25
ALL FOR $1.25
THE JEFFERSONIANS,
Thomson. Ga.