PAGE TWELVE
Soft Answer to the Preachers
(Concluded from Page 9.)
everywhere, for more money. Up in Maine,
the other day, Rev. A. B. Simpson raised,
from one congregation, $48,000 in 48 minutes.
He says he wants $277,000 this year, and we
guess that he will get it. There are so many
missionaries holding fat jobs in the service,
and so few of our home-folks know what goes
with the money, that big collections are easy.
The interested parties clamor for the money,
and nobody considers it his business to organ
ize an opposition.
It’s all voluntary, you know. Bro. Clark
of Alabama told us so. A helpless congrega
tion is penned up somewhere, preached at,
sung at, prayed at, stuffed on misleading
statements, excited by glowing descriptions of
the wonderful things that the missionaries are
doing abroad, liberal givers are praised in ad
vance, and the other sort are shamed and
abused in advance, —and then they tell us that
the contributions are “voluntary”. So was the
“I’ll come down” of Davy Crockett’s coon,
and the foot race the man had when the yard
dog got after him.
Rev. Corey stated that they have converted
200.000 Chinese. Mrs. C. F. Smith, originally
of La Fayette, Ind., has lived long in Hong
kong, China, and she has publicly declared,
within the last few weeks, that not a single
Chinaman has ever been genuinely converted
to Christ. An English official, Sir Robert
Hart, of long service in China, told the news
paper reporters recently that the pretended
“converts” were nothing but hypocrites. They
pretend to be Christians to get the money,
food, clothing, medicine, books, board and
lodging, and secular education. They take
all that we can give them, but undergo no
change of heart. Said he: “No mattei 1 what
the missionaries say or believe, not one China
man has ever really been converted to Christ
ianity"
A Methodist missionary, a guest at my
house during a series of religious meetings,
expressed his grave doubts about the sincerity
of these Chinese converts. He stated that they
were great users of quinine, and that when
the dispensary had no more to give, the “con
verts” quit coming to church. This minister
decl a reel that when, in such cases he went to
make inquiry as to the cause of the non
attendance of the “converts”, they patly told
him that they would resume their religious
observances when the missionaries renewed
their stock of quinine!
A few weeks ago, one of the most capable
and reliable of the officers of the United States
Army was at Mr. Watson’s home, on a friend
ly visit. This officer has served in the Ha
waiian Islands and in the Phillippines. He
was asked, “What about the converts among
the natives of the Hawaiian Islands and the
Phillippines?”
The officer laughed, spontaneously and up
roariously, and the conversation passed on to
another subject.
If the missionaries have made 200,000 gen
uine converts in China, why is it that none of
them will labor for the redemption of their
own fellow-countrymen without being hired
by the missionaries to do it?
What test of the sincerity of the convert
can there be, when the selfishness and the cu
pidity of the Chinaman are being so power
fully enlisted all the time?
Outside of the immediate sphere of influ
ence of the money of the missionaries, they
have made no progress whatever in China, or
anywhere else in the Orient. Those people
are willing to learn all that can be taught
them, because they can see for themselves
that the European system is superior to theirs
in very many respects. In the manners, cus
toms and methods of Eastern nations the
American and European merchants, mission
aries, and officials who represent European
and American governments have wrought
vast changes.
Ttye. 'SftffcrsonUn
Did not the new Sultan of Turkey break
immemorial precedent and shake hands with
the newspaper reporters from Europe and
America? And hasn’t the Khedive of Egypt
got an automobile? I shouldn’t wonder
if the little boy who is now Shah of Per
sia listens to the Edison phonograph every
day. Japan modeled her army and navy after
the best standards of Europe, and the West
ern ideas are taking hold of China. Even the
naked African chief wears a plug hat and a
broad smile. And the unclothed ebony belle
of the tribe will, at the sudden sight of the
European traveler, squeal nicely and put up
her delicate hand to cover her shy face. Both
the chief and the belle will get the range
more accurately after awhile.
Practically no change of heart is evidenced
in the Orient. In character, in soul, those
people are what they have been for thousands
of years. Their religion suits them, and they
are not giving it up.
And some of the missionaries will tell you
so, in confidence, and with the request “ don’t
mention my name: 1 can’t afford to be
quoted”.
A few years ago when the encroachments
and intermeddlings of the Catholic mission
aries with political affairs in China provoked
the Boxer uprising, torrents of Chinese blood
flowed and much property was destroyed.
The American missionaries sent to our Gov
ernment sworn accounts,* showing that their
losses amounted to ten million dollars. The
Government refused to believe the mission
aries, and scaled their accounts down to two
millions. There was so much jewelry and oth
er articles of luxury in these claims for lost
property that Congress was scandalized. The
missionaries were glad to accept the $2,000,-
000, and to let the embarrassing subject drop.
Did it not come to light that the mission
aries, after putting their own exaggerated es
timate upon their losses, arbitrarily added
a cool one-third to the sum total?
And did not one, at least, of these mission
aries shock the country by a cynical defense
of the looting done by the Boxer riots? Not
only were “unconverted”’ Chinamen robbed
by some of the missionaries, but the loot was
actually auctioned off in the houses of the vic
tims !
Were those robbers ever punished, in any
way, by the Home “Boards”?
Ask Brother Corey.
It is doubtful if one man in a hundred thou
sand knows the scandalous facts. Bro. Corey
did not allude to them in his elaborate sermon
at Dublin. The Chinese “converts” who
ruined poor Elsie Sigel and choked her to
death, did not wear pig-tails and loose, flow
ing garments: their heads were barbered after
the most approved American style and they
dressed like elegant Christian gentlemen.
Nevertheless they were heathen in heart and
soul, and they first degraded and then cruelly
murdered the young and beautiful Christian
girl who had been sent by Christian men to
“convert” these Chinese. The men who sent
her knew the awful risk she ran, but they did
not warn the girl.
Hell yawns for men who thus become re
sponsible for the dawnfall of Caucasian
women.
Can't Convert Chinaman
What real good is achieved by the missions to the 1
Chinese in the great American cities has long been a
moot question, revived in all its bitterness by the El
sie Sigel tragedy in New York.
According to Mrs. C. F. Smith, a long-time resident
of Hongkong, who is in Chicago on a visit, it is im
possible to convert a Chinaman to Christianity. In
an interview Mrs. Smith said: “You can’t convert a
Chinaman. He may say he is converted when it is to
his advantage financially to make such an assertion,
but really he is not converted. One Jesuit priest who
had been in Singapore for 20 years told me recently
that he could not conscientiously say that he had ever
converted ,a Chinaman. The missionaries do a great
deal of good by educating the Chinese, but as for con
verting them, I don’t believe that such a thing is pos
sible.” —The Baltimore 2V«ws.
Circulate Ann’s Bone
All the papers, inclusive of those in At
lanta, published the accounts of the New York
miracle, worked by our Catholic friends.
What I have reference to is the way in which
one of the bones of Christ’s grandmother re
stored eyesight to old Mistress Brown of New
York.
Os course, I believe every word of it, to-wit,
—that Mother Brown was stone blind, and
that she touched her eyes with the wrist-bone
of Ann, —who died nearly 2,000 years ago, —
and was immediately restored to sight.
Whereupon, she rejoiced exceedingly, as was
natural in such a case.
When Christ miraculously cured people, he
generally told them to say nothing about it;
but the priests who manipulated the Brown
case adopted the opposite policy. They im
mediately rushed the story into the New T ork
papers, and the Catholic press-bureau has
continued to circulate it through every news
paper that would consent to take it.
Poor Mrs. Brown! What a pity Ann’s
bone did not happen along earlier—when she
was a strong matron, or when she was a girl.
Alas, there can’t be many days left to her
now, and her sight returns too late to be of
much service.
But why don’t the Catholics keep Ann’s
bone busy? Why don’t they cure all the
blind people. There is Senator Gore, of Ok
lahoma : he is one of the most valuable assets
of this Republic. If that man had even one
good eye, he’d be immensely better fitted to
serve his country.
Why don’t the Catholics take that bone,
and go and restore sight to the blind states
man and orator ?
Was Mrs. Brown the only blind person in
America who wanted a good pair of eyes?
Or who could make good use of them, after
getting them?
The point I make is this: that bone either
cures blindness or it doesn’t? If it cured
Mrs. Brown, it will cure all other blind peo
ple. Even a Catholic priest could hardly ex
pect us to believe that this old bit of bone be
came a miracle-worker just for the benefit of
Gooddy Brown.
If it did cure her, it will restore sight to
anybody and everybody. In that case, it is a
sin and a shame not to try it on the eyes of all
the blind people. If it gave eyesight to Mrs.
Brown, it will banish blindness wherever it
goes.
Now, if the priests believe in its miraculous
power, why do they ever let it remain idle a
single hour of the day? It ought to get a
move on, and keep busy.
What bothers me is, a sense of what the
world has lost by not having this bone at
work, miraculously doing good, during the
2,000 years, or such a matter, that the old
lady, Ann, has been dead.
And what awful carelessness it was not to
save the rest of her skeleton, and also the
bones of Qhrist’s grandfather!
Our Catholic friends, or at least the Papa
and his priests, are much at fault in this mat
ter. They’ve been culpably slow and neg
ligent.
P. S. —One poor old blind man of New
York, having heard of Mrs. Brown’s “cure”,
jumped at the natural conclusion that Ann’s
bone would do as much for him as it had done
for Mrs. Brown. He went to the priest, and
the priest applied the bone. Alas! The blind
man was blind still. So intense was his dis
appointment that he committed suicide.
® IS ®
Don’t Worry About Fred
The Chicago agitator, Fred Warren (who
•swooped down upon poor old Wayland, and
took control of his paper) has worked the
finest circulation racket that ever came to our
knowledge.
He took it upon himself to imagine that he