PAGE TWELVE
Did You Ever Hear Tell of The
tus W. Sims ?
(concluded from page nine)
books, pamphlets and partisan literature —
wholly disconnected from Congressional
proceedings — flooding the mails, free of
charge; and piling up profits for the rail
roads, to the injury of the people.
Which brings me, at length, to my text,
Til ETC S it. SIMS.
To be honest with you, and to keep nothing
back, his entire name is Thetus Willrette
Sims.
And what has he done? Thetus Willrette
lias been in Congress some twelve or four
teen years; and all that T can tell you about
him is, that he likes the job and wants more
of it.
My business makes it necessary for me to
keep fairly well posted as to public men and
measures. You can see that, for yourself.
Well, I give you my word of honor that
among all the public men in the whole nation
al menagerie, Thetus Willrette Sims has nev
er bulked on the horizon before now.
But he is in the limelight, at last. It took
him a long time to get here, but he’s here. It
may not be so in your State, but in Georgia,
we are just simply overflowed by Thetus
Willrette. By every mail he reaches us. We
have him for breakfast, and then for dinner,
and then for supper. Every blessed Con
gressman who wants to go again, and who
can’t give any good reason why he should, is
inundating his district with a speech said to
have been made by Thetus Willrette Sims.
The subject of said speech is “THE IN
FLUENCE OF LONG SERVICE IN CON
GRESS'-.
While the title of the pamphlet is, “Speech
of Thetus W. Sims”, I find on closer inspec
tion that Thetus spoke only fine lines, and
that the balance of the whole business — fine
pages — is by a newspaper man, named H. J.
Groves!
Now, what do you think of THAT?
Don’t you think that Edwards, Hardwick,
and so on, are mighty hard run for an argu
ment. when they have to borrow thunder
from a newspaper's correspondent?
If these Democrats who have been in office,
term after term, can’t be re-elected on their
own merits, they had better retire.
It is certainly not to their credit to be ask
ing for re-election on the strength of a Re
publican argument.
Let each candidate for re-election show
what he has done for the country. These
Representatives are now costing you, in all,
at least twenty thousand dollars for every
Congressional term. Require them to make a
showing of how they have earned the money.
If they cannot do it, try a new man. As
to Thetus Willrette Sims, if he can’t do any
better when he does emerge from obscurity,
than, to make a speech out of somebody else’s
letter, he'd better quit. The idea of stich a
man costing the taxpayers about $20,000 a
term !
Woe Unto You, Christians of
Nashville!
Last summer, there was a convention of
Laymen in the capital city of the glorious
State of Tennessee. The purpose of said con
vention was to do something more for the
heathen—not of America but of the outside
world.
Dr. Bradley, medical missionary to China,
addressed the convention, told of the won
drous chances to win souls for Christ by giv
ing pills and poultices to the Chinks; and
asked for SB,OOO to build a new hospital in
China.
In three shakes of a sheep’s tail, the money
was subscribed. You can get any amount of
Gbc 3effcrsonian
the filthy, at any time and anywhere in this
country, if you'll just say “HEATHEN''!
The word has talismanic power. It hypno
tizes the old and the young, the rich and the
poor. It enraptures the country and fasci
nates the town. It gets hold of Brother
Tightwad and makes his pocketbook turn
wrong-side-outward. It seizes a stingy old
woman, and she plants a missionary cotton
patch, or sets apart a certain number of her
hens to lay missionary eggs. It makes a few
passes before the eyes of sane man, and in a
pair of minutes he’s as wild as a buck, and
ready to “tramp on” any friend of his who
is not equally daft about the heathen.
Coming back to Nashville: every cent of
that SB,OOO could have been used to the very
best purpose among the sick and the destitute
of that one city. For a few months before
the convention met, the Mayor of Nashville
had gone around, in the poorer quarters of
Nashville, to find out what conditions were;
and what he discovered appalled him.
“Mayor House was driven to several cottages
where the struggle has been FIERCE to keep the
WOLF FROM THE DOOR! He found conditions
TRULY DEPLORABLE, and immediate succor is
necessary to prevent some of the families from
STARVATION!
“ Tn one house,’ said the Mayor, ‘I found an
old man with hardly sufficient fire to keep him
from freezing and with NOTHING IN THE
HOUSE TO EAT and NO medicine. He had been
sick eight weeks.
“ ‘At another place I found a woman with ia
little baby seated on the floor on a quilt. There
was a handful of fire in the grate and with the
exception of a bed and a sheet and a pillow slip
there was nothing else in the room.
“ ‘At another place there was a woman who
had three children. They are almost without
sufficient clothing to keep them from freezing,
and are minus the necessities of life.’ ”
This is no exceptionable case. Nashville is
no worse than any other city. You can find
just such conditions in Atlanta, in Montgom
ery, in Memphis, in St. Louis, in Kansas
City, in Richmond, in Louisville, in Balti
more.
I read of one fearful case, where the starv
ing wretch expired on the steps of one of the
fine churches of St. Louis.
The Fluent John Temple a Bible
Scholar
In a speech to a Lincoln county jury, the
late Milton P. Reese—once a State Senator
and always a prominent attorney —enlivened
the dull court proceedings by an allusion to
the Nabob's vineyard.
And my jovial teacher in the Long Ago,
Rev. “Leek” Steed, was sure to be reminded,
every now and then, of the backwoods
preacher who, —having quoted a certain
Scripture and given from memory the book,
chapter and verse, —was interrupted by a
hoarse whisper from his brother minister, in
the pulpit: ,
“'Taint thar!"
Some folks are stubborn in such matters,
and the preacher again named the book,
chapter and verse.
“'TAINT THAR!" came the hoarse
whisper, louder and more aggressive than be
fore. The preacher got thoroughly nettled,
and put his brother out of business by ex
claiming, sharply:
“I sav that - it IS thar, or TH AR
AB OUTS!"
Then, of course, all of us have heard the
anecdote which has been localized by every
Southern State. In Georgia, it was “laid on”
Turner Clanton and one of the Lamkins, of
old Columbia county. The one bet the other
that he (the other) couldn’t recite the Lord’s
Prayer, and the other reeled off,
“Now I lay me down to sleep,” etc. Where
upon, the one who offered the bet sighed a
deep sigh, paid over the filthy, remarking,
“Well, I had no idea that you could do it.”
Equally well known is the colored pastor 1
who proved to his highly gratified flock that
the colored race stood high, as far back as the
days of Jesus, by referring to “Nigger
Demus”.
It was probably the same colored clergy
man who explained that The Twelve Disciples
ate all those thousands of loaves and fishes;
and that the miracle was, that they, The
Twelve, “didn't bust".
So you see some well-meaning folks can do
some ludicrous stunts tvhen they venture to
quote from the Bible.
And here is where John Temple Graves
comes in. A perpetual source of pride, joy
and comment is John. But since he went to
New York things are not as they once were
to him. While he knows as much as he ever
did, he has got some of it mixed. I had to
take him in hand and straighten him out on
a little question of history, some time ago;
but his latest break can't be mended. Al
luding to a tender friendship which John
Temple attributes to President Taft and Edi
tor Hemphill, John compares this tender
friendship to that which existed between Da
vid and Goliath! ! !
My! MY!! The first thing we know John
Temple will be telling us that Jonah swal
lowed the whale, and that the Hebrew chil
dren were cast into the lion’s den; that John
the Baptist was stoned to death, and Stephen
hung at Tyburn.
Dear John! Please slow up, and search
the Scriptures!
Claude L’Engle for the United
States Senate
In Florida, this gallant gentleman made a
fight against marauding corporations similar
to that which we have made in Georgia. His
paper, The Sun, was one of the best weeklies
ever published. But the Flagler-Lumber
Trust Naval Stores power was too great for
one editor to break, and The Sun went down.
But L’Engle had done some fine work for
the people, one of his victories being that
splendid elections-law which he framed and
which the Legislature passed.
Claude L’Engle is in the prime of life,
lusty and strong, physically and mentally.
He’s a straight, clean man, of very decided
ability. His heart is in the right place, and
his convictions are those of a Jeffersonian
Democrat.
I certainly wish him success.
As to Lawrence Bird
Dear Mr. Watson: —I am just in receipt of your
letter of February 28th (having been away from
my desk for two or three days) enclosing check
for $4.55 to be handed to Mr. Lawrence Bird. I
will certainly see that this money is handed to
him or placed to his credit in the bank. His bank
account at this time is quite large as postoffice
money orders are coming from all over the coun
try by nearly every mail. While it is all right
for this money to come to this needy man and
his mother, it tends to rather blacken our town
and our people because of the false impression
created that he was not being looked after by lo
cal charity. As previously advised you, Mr. Bird
has been looked after by Dalton people for years
and so has his mother, but he is very shrewd and
knows the ways of the world quite well for a man
who has been flat on his back for twenty odd
years.
It might be of help to our people and to the
town if you would say in your weekly that Mr.
Bird and his mother have been cared for so long
as they have been helpless by local charity, and it
is certain that the people of this city will never
see them starve or suffer. There is not a town
in the United States of the size of Dalton that has
not objects of charity similar to the ones we have.
Thanking you very kindly and with best wishes,
I beg to remain, Yours very truly,
T. S. SHOPE, Editor Citizen.
a
(As Mr. Bird failed to acknowledge my
letter and some small remittances, I thought
best to remit, next time, to friend Shope. His
letter tells the rest. T. E. W.)