By lecturing and writing I can make what
I need in one-half the time, and have the rest
for public work. Political prominence is an
asset in any kind of business. —William J.
Bryan.
Undoubtedly. But merely to provide Mr.
Bryan with the “political prominence” which
is so valuable an “asset” in his work of lec
turing and writing, why should the Democratic
party doom itself to another four, eight or
twelve years of Defeat and Disaster? —N. Y.
World.
The Aldrich bill has been laid on the table;
“table,” of course,, being synonymous with
“Shelf,” in thi sparticular instance.
An authority says Eskimos frequently eat
as much as twenty pounds of meat per day.
They will get over that, however, whenever
civilization and the beef trust overtake them.
Plain Talks on Fertilizers
Improving and Increasing Tobacco Crops
No soil is rich enough in otherwise the y
all the foods the tobacco plant results will
needs to produce it at its best, not be satis-
Many tobacco soils, how- factory.
ever, contain natural ele- Over one
men ts, rich in certain valu- million tons of
able plant foods, but lack- Virginia - Caro
ing in others. And just as ima Fertilizers
a dead or dying soil must vvere u
be fed with a complete plant thekgreat popularity
food, so these partially and va]u£
fed soils need specially
prepared food to supply The who,e stor ? of
what they lack, and \ the “T**?
balance the unequal ment, and productivity
fertilization supplied of the solls . of the
by nature. tobacco region are
When ■ these special by government
nourishing elements P r^vate experts in
are added to the soil, the Farmers Year
crops multiply enor- Book or Almanac of
mously; quality improves, and the Virginia-Carolina Chemi
profits are cal Co. —sent free if you
1 doubled and write to any sales office of
trebled. To- the Company.
b acc ° is seldom
planted nowa- VIRGINIA-CAROLINA
jIBO da >’ s without CHEMICAL CO.
the use of some
KW fertilizer; but R"<kVa. ®" rh , am f ' K =>
v • Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S. C.
g rea t point Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md.
to remember is Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga.
to have the right Savannah, Ga.
fertilizer in the suffi. gg|gW
Cietlt quantities, Shreveport, La.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
— SUBSCRIBE T 0... =
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
Price $1.50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Offer
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
AMNOUHOIMKMT.
To the Voters of the Northem Judicial C&r
euit:
I announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to the primary to be held for
that purpose. I assure you that I will appre
ciate you mqpport
IL D. M’GBHGOB.
HIGH GRADE 4*4 fl
DROP-HEAD \■ !J U k
LIGHT RUNNING I # fl !
SEWING X |AlUw
MACHINE ■ «■
Positively the greatest Sewing-Machine value
ever offered. By our direct Sellins' plan, we
save you all dealers’ and agents’ profits. This
... 4-th& A Machine is equal to
XX,. any usua Hy sold by
Ju agents for $30.00.
rs . Is substantially I
'co «= (jhrj ' ' || | made of best
§*■ £ material, and is
£- -S \| & [ C > equipped with
the latest im-
•*± S ilj f \eSjj Drovements. Ele-
taO *” tffif I*nl £ an .t oa k drop-leaf
"S 5 e cabinet, 4 drawers
•” and full set of at-
i | tachments. We give
’ , our binding 10-year
guarantee with each machine. Order one today, try it 30
daysandif notfoundin every way satisfactory, we willre
fund your money. We are the largest sewing machine dis
tributers in the South, and make prompt shipment.
Send for complete catalogue mailed free on apxilication.
MALSBY. SHIPP & CO.
Dept. F. Atlanta, Ga.
EVERYBODY WANTS
PUBLISHED WEEKLY FOR THE BREEDER AND FARMER
Recognized authority on Breeding, Feeding, Man
agement and the Improved Breeds of Stock.
Special Departments for
Draft and Coach Horses,
The Beef and Dairy Breed* of Cattle,
Sheep, Swine, Poultry and the Dairy,
By able Live Stock Writers and Breeders, with the
Best from Home and Foreign papers of the world’s
progress in Live Stock Husbandry.
Our Li ve Stock Market Report Is unequaled.
Handsomely printed and illustrated.
No Stock Farmer can afford to do without it.
Published weekly. Subscription price only SI.OO,
Agents wanted in every county.
Write for sample copy. Address
the live stock journal
$94 E. 55th ST. CHICAGO
PAGE SEVEN