PAGE FOURTEEN
LAND FOR SALE AT SB.OO PER ACRE
ZAA ACRES IN HOUSTON COUNTY, THREE MILES FROM RAILROAD.
UVv Healthy location; lies well; no ponds or swamps. The land is fertile; some
of it will make from 30 to 50 bushels of corn per acre without fertilizers. My option
on this land holds only for a short time, so apply at once to
S. L. G. BEDIN GF I ELD, Cramp’s Park, Ga.
IMO SURGEON’S KIM IF E
a Necessary to cure PILES, FISTULA or other REC
TAL DISEASES. Have made a specialty of curing
these diseases for many years. Permanent cures
entirely without the KNIFE ; no pain or detention
from business. If you are suffering, come and see me
or write to me. Pelvic conditions of both sexes
cured. Separate parlors for ladies.
NO FEE PAID UNTIL SATISFIED
DR. W. J. TUCKER, - - 411 Whitehall Street, Atlanta, Georgia
+ *
[ FOREIGN MISSIONS]
Mr. Watson’s articles, reprinted from IFa&tfn’s Magazine, in
book form. Ready next week. Price. 25 cents. Send in your
orders now.
I Department The Jeffersonians |
I THOMSON, GEORGIA I
THE ISSUE
EX-GOVERNOR JAMES K. VARDAMAN’S
PAPER FOR THE SOUTH
Published Every Saturday Morning at Jackson, Mississippi.
Vardaman was abused at first: he was called an agitator, an
alarmist, a firebrand; but at last the sober second thought of
the people began to waken and they began to listen. Today
what he has to say on the race problem, is the word of the su
preme authority. Combining all the knowledge or writers on
this question, from dawn of history to the present time, ap
plied and measured by personal observation and first - hand
knowledge. Governor Vardaman has a message to deliver of
huge import to the American people today.
If you have not seen a copy of the ISSUE, send us your
name and address, and we will mail you one without cost.
ASK NEWSDEALERS—THEY ALL HAVE IT ON SALE
Advertisers are afforded an excellent opportunity through
the columns of the ISSUE to reach every trading patron in
the State at reasonable cost. It is a silent canvasser and is sure
to bring results. Try it! Special low prices given on long
time contracts. Write us about this feature.
THE ISSUE HAS TWICE THE CIRCULATION OF
ANY PUBLICATION IN MISSISSIPPI
COMBINATION OFFER
The Issue, 12 months $1.50
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, 12 months 1.00
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, 12 months 1.00
Total $3.50
ALL FOR TWO DOLLARS
Send all remittances to THE ISSUE, JACKSON, MISS.,
or WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN, THOMSON, GA.
Gb* '7e|’fersontan
HORRORS OF TENEMENT LIFE IN
THE CITIES AND HOW TO
IMPROVE IT.
(Concluded from Page 11)
tenement walls, but the tenement
children can not reach it.
“Poverty and disease have pinched
their bodies. Neglect and misery
have shriveled their minds. All of
the important mental qualities are
gone save the capacity for suffering.
That remains as acute as ever, and
has abundant opportunity for exer
cise.
“To children born in the tene
ments and reared in them the only
doors that are wide open are the
doors of prisons and reformatories.
“Now and then, of course, one
among many rises superior to his sur
roundings and forces the lock from
that door of Opportunity. Consider
ing their environment, the number
that do this is surprisingly large.
“But running the gauntlet of dis
ease and poverty, with crime waiting
around the corner and vice flaunting
on every hand, the child, if he grows
up at all, finds that the way that is
easy for more fortunate young Amer
icans is practically closed to him.
“A year or two ago a boy brought
up in a miserable tenement in New
York was caught stealing. His father
was a thief; he had asociated with
thieves all his life. He regarded the
business as necessary to earning a
livelihood. Uncannily wary of po
licemen, he managed to steal in se
curity for several years. At last he
was caught and sent to a reforma
tory on a beautiful island at the en
trance to Long Island Sound.
“He returned from the reformato
ry to find his mother dying and his
sister almost on the verge of starva
tion. With money lent him by a
charitable stranger who bad taken an
interest in him when on a visit to
the reformatory, he paid his moth
er’s funeral expenses and got a
doctor for his sister.
“The sister got well by a miracle.
And when she was able to go out
again the boy urged her to steal so
that she might be arrested and sent
to a reformatory where good food
and a clean room might restore her
to health!”
We have no statistics at our com
mand to give an idea of how many
thousand families there are living in
tenement houses in New York,, such
as are described by Mr. Brisbane in
the above article, but it would not be
extravagant to say that out of the
possible four millions of population
in the great city, there are a hundred
thousand such families, or from three
hundred thousand to five hundred
thousand human beings, children and
adults, who live the life that Bris
bane describes.
Is not this a field for tire endless
work of the missionary? Tom Wat
son has been railing at the churches
for sending millions of dollars annu
ally to the Orient to educate and up
lift the heathen of foreign lands in
spite of the want, the poverty, the
misery, the ignorance and the degra
dation of millions of women and chil
dren and debased men in our own
country. He has criticised the
churches for establishing schools and
building fine mission stations that,
have cost millions of dollars in for
eign lands, when in our own country
a degradation and heathenism exists
that is no less menacing to the Chris-
tianization of the world. Take Bris
bane’s picture of tenement life in
New York and read Tom Watson on
foreign missions and see if deep down
in your inner consciousness you do
not say that Tom Watson is right.
If all the money that is spent on
foreign missions was devoted to the
reformation of the slums of the cities,
would not our national life be made
cleaner?
But New York is only one city;
true, it is the greatest in population,
but there is Philadelphia, Chicago,
San Francisco and many others of
less population, all steeped in sin
proportionate to their population.
Which would be the most humane,
to spend millions to buy farms and
build homes of refuge for the de
praved and destitute children of
American cities or send millions to
educate the heathen of foreign lands
and build schools and mission sta
tions for them?
These slums are the hot-bed of so
cialism. These people live without
hope. They see no silvery lining in
the clouds that obscure their future.
They are criminals as the result of
environment and in the propagation
of their kind they beget more crim
inals.
With the millions of acres of waste
lands in the South and West, lands
where ordinary husbandry will be re
warded with plenty, what excuse is
there for suffering anywhere in this
country?
How different are the children in
the city tenements to the tenement
sections of the rural communities of
the South and West. Here the chil
dren of the man who tills another’s
soil are ruddy-cheeked, strong,
bright and cheerful. They go to
school in the week days and
attend church and Sunday-school
on the Sabbath. They hoe and pick
cotton, and breathe a pure atmos
phere and enjoy the glowing sunlight.
They revel in childish sports and
sleep sweetly with no dreams of the
gaunt specter of hunger to haunt
them. They are healthy, hearty and
happy. Just visit the tenement quar
ters on a big Southern plantation, Mr.
Brisbane, and see the difference. In
the tenements of New York, Mr. Bris
bane, you seem to have ten children
huddled together like rats in every
room of ten square feet. Why not
hustle them off to the unsettled re
gions South and West, where each
can have a ten-acre field or forest to
romp in and gather wild flowers?
All that is needed is money enough
and effort enough to bring about the
change.
Suppose the foreign mission enthu
siasts should say that next year they
will send only half the amount here
tofore contributed to civilize the
heathen of foreign lands and will de
vote five millions to reclaiming the
slums of American cities? And sup
pose the Socialist agitators should
Cured Ills
Kidney and Bladder
Trouble At Home. At Small Cost. Will
Gladly Tell Any Sutterer How.
Mr. A. S. Hitchcock (Clothing Dealer), 970
Carrier Building, East Hampton, Conn., say ß
if any sufferer from a Kidney, Bladder or
Uric Acid Ailment will send him their address
he will, without any charge whatsoever, direct
them to the splendid and harmless remedy he
so successfully used at home in his own case.
We suggest it would be well to write him at
once, before letters get so nume ous he be
comes unable to answer them all promptly.
The information he so freely gives has proven
of particular value to hundreds of suffering
people.