Al| the charges against Jothan P. Allds
haveffaeen proved, and he has “resigned” from
the Senate of New York as
The Albany
Bunco Game
Revealed.
incident, however, in the en
gulfing revelations which go to show that the
capitol of the Empire State of the North has
been simply a place where legislation has been
bought and sold under a plan which never
failed to work out to the private profit of the
legislators. If a law needed to pass, in the
interests of popular reform, it could be killed
on payment of the price. If business grew
dull, a bill could be framed which would
force contributions from concerns wishing to
be undisturbed by the agitation. If a meas
ure were desired, it could be obtained by pay
ing enough. Beautiful system, throughout,
and a scheme that perpetuated itself easily by
a gentlemanly understanding between the
members of the House and Senate that no
academic theories of public service should in
terfere with Getting Theirs. Alas, for future
smooth sailing. The sharpers fell out, and.
by explaining the trick to the audience, the
whole game becomes impossible.
* * * #
Old world courts teem with “human inter
est” which has been rather lacking in the more
prosaic affairs of representative government,
but clearly there is yet a touch of Dame Na
ture even in legislative halls. We may dwell
upon two morals—one, that it would be well
to stir up personal animosity among men
when tilings are obviously shadv, but pro
vokingly intangible: and ' the other is that
those who collude for evil purposes should
foster a spirit of brotherly love.
Albany for decades was the stage of the
legislative prestigitator—the public knew
there was a trick in it, but couldn’t prove it,
and you mustn’t charge what you can’t prove,
so those who really meant reform were baf
fled and flouted.
And hush! Don’t let anybody say another
word about Richard Achilles Ballinger, for
he is awfully peevish and fer-
Quit
Pestering
Achilles,
O You
Magazines !
• * ■ • a •
to justice.”
Incidents so crowd upon the recollection
that memory becomes uncertain, but it seems
as though we had heard something of that
sort before. Where could it have been? Oh,
Send This Poor White WOman
a Quarter
She is Mrs. M. F. Shepherd Wal
ker, Richland, Ga. She has survived
two husbands (both Confederate sol
diers), and is now so old she can
hardly see or walk.
Her last husband (Col. Walker)
left his property in California to one
of his old friends, thinking he would
do better by it. This friend, Be
thune, of Columbus, Ga., got away
with all his property and Mrs. Wal
ker got none. Col. Moore, of Cali
fornia, said if she would make him
power of attorney he would collect
five or six hundred dollars for her.
Later Col. Moore writes that he has
collected enough to get her in the
Old Ladies’ Home, if she will come;
now says she waited over a year and
she can’t get in. She has never had
anything from this estate. She gets
no pension and has no one to support
her. Has no relatives; only one
niece and one nephew, who are both
consumptives and so afflicted that
she cannot live with them.
She insists that you advise her
whether she must go to California
on an excursion that leaves there
real soon; please write her a few
words of encouragement and tell
what she must do. Seems to have
tile more agreeable alterna
tive to being kicked out.
His record is now but an
ribly roiled. “If they think
they can attack me with im
punity, they are mistaken,” he
hisses. ’Tis libel, and gross
slander, and scandalous gab
ble—and he will “bring them
no object w’hatever in going (beyond
above stated).
(Memorandum of my Secretary on
long autograph letter from the old
gentlewoman.)
My reply follows.
Mrs. M. F. Shepherd-Walker, Rich
land, Ga.
My Dear Madam:—Your sad case
appeals to me very strongly. I wish
to God that our Foreign Missionaries
would pay more attention to deserv
ing Christians here at home. It
seems to be the easiest thing imagin
able to get up any amount of money
for the Chinese, Koreans and Japs.
But it is like pulling eye-teeth to get
money for poor folks and sick folks
here at home. I will lay your case
before the readers of my paper, and
see if we can get some little driblets
of money started your way. If you
were a heathen, in Korea, I could get
you $15,000 in about fifteen minutes,
if I were standing before a crowd in
Denver, Baltimore, Philadelphia or
Atlanta. As you are not a heathen,
but simply a poor white woman in
Gbe
yes! Teddy the Terrible also tried to “bring
them to justice”.
Somehow, it doesn’t work. The people who
talk most about bringing them to justice are
usually those who wouldn’t dare face justice
themselves, but, like the old darkey, “’scused
er stealing er hawg,” would simply prefer to
take a two-year sentence.
The graft situation in Pittsburg would be
ludicrous, if it were not so utterly sordid and
Pittsburg
Is the Limit !
rassed the investigators by their efforts to
confess, and “get it over with”. On a munici
pal scale, the case parallels, in its nasty bar
tering of public trusts for personal gain, that
of Albany, and enough convictions and con
fessions have transpired to make the grafters
form a big regiment of looters. Their bribe
taking has been shameless in its unconcealed
commercialization of official advantage, and
pathetic in its haggling over petty sums. As
for the bribe-givers, they stand on no better
footing than the tools they sought to use.
It is not enough that these men should be
exposed! They should be made to serve
terms, like common felons, and they should be
disfranchised for prostitution of their citi
zenship.
The Fairbanks episode has been repeated
in the case of Roosevelt, and in years there
has not been such a sensation
The
Pope and
Theodore
Don’t Speak
\s They
Pass By.
tolerance of the Vatican, and
its narrow, benighted etfort to thrust upon
the ex-President, as upon the ex-Vice-Presi
dent, of a liberal-minded, Protestant country,
conditions for a Papal audience which were
obdious.
After the slap at Fairbanks, it would have
been better, perhaps, for Roosevelt to have ig
nored the Vatican altogether. But in refus
ing to yield to the Pope’s detestation of Ro
man Methodists, he has acquitted himself in
a manner that his fellow-citizens must ap
plaud. no matter how they differ with him on
any or everything else. Proclaiming liberal
ity toward all religions, Roosevelt has on his
travels visited Protestant and Catholic mis
sions alike, and. unless the press reports have
stressed his visits to the latter more than the
sickening. The members of
council, prominent bankers
and respectable citizens gen
erally have simply embar-
in religious circles, to say
nothing of the stir communi
cated to the public at large
which, regardless of its be
liefs or disbeliefs, is thor
oughly aroused over the in-
Georgia, I am not sure whether I can
do anything for you or not. How
ever, I will try.
Yours truly,
THOS. E. WATSON.
Thomson, Ga., March 29, 1910.
The Truth Always (Some
times) Tells
“My friends,” the speaker said, as
he mopped his brow, “you have all
read ‘Webster on Truth’ ”. (The
long speech of his opponent had
convinced a large audience and him
self, too, yet he felt that he must
make an effort at a reply.) “Those
who do not know me say I always
tell the truth, but those who know
me say I never do.” He hesitated
and blushed as he saw a sea of smil
ing faces before him. “No, I did
not mean that. I mean that those
who know me say I never tell the
truth, and those who do not know
me say I always do.” The smiles
then turned to laughter and ap
plause, as the audience watched him
wipe at the big drops of perspiration
that rolled down his cheeks. “I am
mixed again, so I must tell you a
fish story. Mr. Johnson and Mr.
Johnsing went fishing, and agreed to
equally divide their catch. Together
former, he has given more attention to the
Catholic missions. To America have come
millions of the faithful adherents of the
Pope, who have met with nothing but kind
ness on American soil, who have been free to
worship as they pleased, to be as loyal as
they liked to their religion.
For Pius, and his secretary. Merry del Vai,
to adopt the insolent attitude that their dis
tinguished visitors from America must repu
diate Protestants in Rome, discredit the
branches of Protestant churches planted
there, is not only an insult, but one that
nothing but prolonged encroachments of Pa
pal authority upon American affairs would
have made possible.
* * * *
Oh. dear, how are the New York American
and other bemuzzled papers to explain it? It
was possible to belittle Mr. Fairbanks, and
call him an “unofficial citizen, wandering
around Rome,' a man "whom a good many
millions in America look upon as a joke, or
worse,” in the frantic scramble for some sort
of words that might palliate the offense and
divert attention from the real issue. But
how will these same double-faced sheets ex
plain away the Roosevelt incident? Is he.
too. a mere lost joke, ambling around aim
lessly in need of a pilot, a guardian, a guide,
a treatise upon the Art and Science of Kissing
the Pope’s Slipper Without Soiling It?
They are fairly caught upon the horn of a
dilemma of their own making. The unmanly
stand of ridiculing a mediocre figure in order
to cater to Cardinal Gibbons and his crew,
cannot be revamped in the present case and.
nothing else could be said in the Fairbanks
incident favorable to the Vatican, except to
underestimate Mr. Fairbanks.
It is pleasant indeed to note among the in
troductory remarks of the State Treasurer’s
A Refresh
ing Note.
found to be in perfect condi
tion. I shall be satisfied upon my retirement
from office if I can leave everything as clean
and in as good condition as I found it.”
In the succession of graft charges and in
the sad annals of official corruption, it is with
pride that Georgians will read this tribute to
the capacity of the late Robert E. Park, from
his able successor, J. Pope Brown. And they
will feel no lack of confidence that Mr. Brown
will leave the office in such condition as to
bring a similar tribute to himself from his
successor. Mr. Brown announces that he will
not fill a second term.
they caught a fine trout and a big
mud cat. Mr. Johnson said: ‘Rastus,
you can take the mud cat and I will
take the trout, or I will take the
trout and you can take the mud
cat.’ Rastus loves catfish (as he
winked and pointed to his oppo
nent), but you love trout the best,
and so do I. I noticed during his
long harangue how he had convinced
you. He, like lago, with his sub
tile ways and glib tongue, even
made me once doubt that the truth
was not the truth. But, unlike
Othello, I saw through my lago in
time, and so do you now”. Then the
speaker of the second part sat down
amid much applause, without having
once alluded to the real questions at
issue. In the excitement of the mo
ment Mr. Johnson was nominated,
with scores of seconds, and then en
dorsed unanimously, except by one
much surprised, but discreetly silent,
voice.
P. S.—“ May I be your secretary”?
said the first speaker a few minutes
afterwards. “Yes,-old fellow, I want
you to run it all, I don’t know' a con
tinental thing about it.”
“GREENWOOD HOBBS.”
Is your neighbor taking The Jef
fersonian? Get him to take the pa
per for three months, only a quarter.
report, just issued, that upon
his succession to the office the
affairs “were audited and
PAGE FIVE