AND HALF-TRUTHS, IN FAVOR OF A
PLAN WHICH HAS HAD A FAIR
TRIAL, AND WHICH BROKE DOWN
AMID SCANDALS AND EXPOSED ROT
TENNESS.
Oh, you shameless Hannacrats!
THE FARMERS' UNION OUGHT TO
SPEW YOU OUT,—AND QUICKLY.
* * * *
McLendon Wins
Governor Jos. M. Brown gave to a Savan
nah man the Railroad Commissionership,
which Governor Smith and his Legislature
snatched from Guyt McLendon. A Savannah
judge, Charlton, has decided that the action of
Governor Smith and his Legislature was un
lawful.
Readers of The Jeffersonian remember
how the case originated; but as thousands of
.new names have been put on our lists since
a brief recapitulation may be welcome,
will remember that Mister Hoke
n the gubernatorial office pledged to
do atK 1 kill bears. In fact, a strenuous
person of abvu ’my inches, had grown restive
under the political machine methods which
enabled “the gang” to divide the spoils among
themselves; and to say, years in advance,
what the succession should be.
So I let it be norated around that if some
good, clean, strong Democrat would run for
Governor on a platform of my manufacture,
I’d “holler” to all the old Pops, to ll Come on,
boys, and let's smash the life out of that
Ring.”
So, Pope Brown sends S. C. Tapp down
here, and we agree on essentials. Then Hard
wick arrives, for the same purpose; and we
agree to run Pope against “the gang”.
t So, Pope began to wave his arms and wag
his tongue, like a man who wanted to save his
endangered country.
But a strange thing happened, and it fairly
took my breath away. Pope suddenly stepped
down and out; and there, against the sky-line,
looming, beaming and patriotically posturing,
was the Big and Beautiful Hoke. I guess I
felt about the same as Harriman did, when he
put the celebrated question, “Where do I come
in?”
I sat down, and sulked. It would be weak
to say that I was as mad as a wet hen. Os
course, the Doctor came, in a hurry. It was
Hardwick. He had a bad case on his hands,
I can tell you; but finally he pulled me
through. O the promises that were made me !
O the sweet letters! O the newspaper puffs!
Really, it was too late to back out. The
swap had been made, and we couldn’t “rue
back”. The cork being drawn, the wine had
to be drunk.
Well, among the pledges made was that
“immediate” efforts should be made by Mister
Smith, if elected Governor, to relieve the
State of Georgia of excessive and discrimina
tion freight rates.
That promise found its way into the Macon
platform. It was worded with considerable
ferocity, “W# DEMAND THE IMMEDI
ATE” reduction of freight rates from and to
the seaports, etc.
Then, Mister Hoke yoked up with J. Gunby
Jordan (the man who shuts down cotton
mills), and hied himself to Europe, to study
immigration.
While Hoke and Gunby were meandering
around Europe, “the gang” quietly scooped
the organization of the Legislature,—thus
blocking the road to reform.
Well, sir, to the amazement of everybody,
Governor Smith “immediately” went to work
for new offices and higher salaries, increasing
the cost of the Railroad Commission by
SII,OOO per year. I screeched and kicked, but
it did no good.
Guyt McLendon was persuaded to leave the
sanitorium, and accept one of the places on
this tribunal. He became the whole shooting
match. Whatever work was done, he did.
Tsl)e 3&ffersoßian
But neither he nor Governor Smith would
move a peg, on that “port-rate” matter. In
vain, I clamored, in The Jeffersonian, —
urging action, and the keeping of faith with
the people. But they paid no attention to
me, —not the least bit.
Things rocked along, and a fearful calamity
fell upon poor Guyt. His only son, who had
grown up in the mild climate of South Geor
gia, was not able to withstand the rigorous
Atlanta winter, and the boy died of pneu
monia.
The remains of the unfortunate youth were
removed from the hospital to the Mansion
(which was draped in mourning), and the af
flicted parents were guests there, until after
the funeral.
This kindness to him, in the hour of his
deepest grief, affected McLendon profoundly.
Gentle as a woman, and capable of devoted,
unselfish friendship, McLendon was eager to
do something to show his gratitude to Smith,
who at that time was under fire. Heavy and
hot.
Certain newspapers were claiming that
Governor Smith had “run capital out of the
State”; therefore it occurred to McLendon
that, if he could demonstrate the falsity of the
accusation, he would be rendering his friend
a great service. HE TOOK HOLD OF THE
ATHENS BOND DEAL TO HELP HOKE
SMITH.
That was what he meant when he declared
that this transaction, which hurt him so much,
had its origin in the purest of motives.
GOVERNOR SMITH KNEW, IN A
GENERAL WAY, WHAT GUYT MCLEN
DON JFAtf TRYING TO DO, AND WHY
HE WAS TRYING TO DO IT.
(That’s why the Athens bond deal was not
referred to, in the order of suspension.)
So matters stood, during the last few
months of Governor Smith’s administration.
Never a word had he said about that port-rate
pledge. The promise to reduce freight rates,
for the whole State, “immediately”, had ap
parently been forgotten.
If Clark Howell had “held his potato”, just
a few weeks longer, Hoke’s term would have
expired, and Clark could everlastingly have
embarrassed him about his failure to even try
to redeem that positive pledge.
Realizing how this would handicap his po
litical future, Governor Smith got busy. He
caused to be brought before the Railroad
Commission the old Atlanta demand for spe
cial rates on coffee and certain kinds of iron
ware. THIS OLD PETITION HAD BEEN
DECIDED AGAINST THE ATLANTA
JOBBERS THREE TIMES, BY OTHER
COMMISSIONS.
But Governor Smith, who had acted as law
yer for the jobbers, caused the petition to come
before the Commission a fourth time. He,
and his utterly unscrupulous Journal, began
to claim that the question before the Com
mission was that of port-rates. This was ab
solutely false. The question before the Com
mission was, Shall certain Atlanta jobbers
get special rates on coffee and ironware, SO
THAT THEY CAN RUN THE GRIFFIN,
MACON, SAVANNAH AND AMERICUS
MERCHANTS OUT OF THEIR NAT
URAL TERRITORY?
That being the issue, McLendon, Stevens
and Hill decided against the petition. The
two Atlanta members of the Commission de
cided in favor of the Atlanta jobbers.
Then came Governor Smith’s grand-stand
play. Claiming that he had made an earnest
effort to redeem the Macon platform pledge,
he suspended McLendon, upon the ground
that McLendon had promised to work for the
reduction of port-rates.
The Atlanta Journal, Smith’s organ (owned
by him through dummies, just as he owns that
new national bank), began its crusade against
the roller-chair rheumatic, McLendon; and
such a torrent of lies and vilification as was
poured upon McLendon was never seen in
Georgia.
The whole purpose was to save the political
skin of Hoke Smith. It was necessary, for
his salvation, to make the people believe that
he had done all in his power to keep faith
with them; and that, had not McLendon gone
back on him, he would have secured a general
reduction of freight rates.
This game was successfully played. The
people were deceived. The impression
throughout the State was, that McLendon had
defeated a measure which would have bene
fited all the folks; whereas, he had merely
done what the Commission had three times
done before, — refused special favors to a few
Atlanta wholesale merchants who alone would
have hogged the benefit.
The spectacle which followed was a disgrace
to Georgia. A physical giant, a millionaire,
waged against the white-haired, white-faced
cripple, a night and day campaign which, in
brutality and venom, was unparalleled. Inf
placable hatred never manifested greater
virulence. The Legislature lost its head. Al
though it contained some lawyers of ability,
the law was trampled upon, ruthlessly. The
facts were ignored. The accused was denied
a hearing. Instead of trying the man on the
indictment which the Governor had framed—
the port-rate matter —they lugged in a new
offense (the Athens bond deal), and convicted
him on that. It was the same as though a
jury, trying a defendant for committing
murder, should hear evidence that he had
burned somebody’s dwelling, and should con
vict him of arson.
How the lawyers of the Legislature could be
led into so grave a mistake, I am at a loss to
know.
But ex-Governor Smith had got what he
wanted. His grand-stand play scored a spec
tacular triumph. But the inevitable reaction
set in. Anybody of good judgment might
have known that it would. Such a trick as
Hoke pulled off, to save himself from con
demnation because of his persistent failure to
lift his hand for port-rates, was bound to be
exposed.
When the written petition showed that
Hoke was simply trying, once more, to jam
through the special favor desired by the At
lanta wholesale houses, and which they had
paid him a big fee to obtain, the people were
certain to get on to his tactics, sooner or later.
Before an able, impartial, and non-partisan
Judge, McLendon took his case, contending
that he had been illegally thrown out of his
office. Judge Charlton decides in his favor;
and one of the grounds upon which the clear
headed jurist places his decision is, that Mc-
Lendon was indicted for one thing and tried
for another.
So the great, spectacular grand-stand play
comes to grief. The bald, damaging truth is
revealed. For nearly two years. Governor
Smith resisted every attempt ’made by me and
others to have him redeem that port-rate
pledge; and when he finally permitted Clark
Howell to nag him into action, he merely
sought, once more, to obtain special rates, on
two commodities, for the sole benefit of a,
handful of Atlanta jobbers.
Mr. Smith will find, to his cost, that the
people of this State love the square deal. They
do not admire scape-goat antics. Far better
had it been for his future had he emulated the
sublime heroism of General Lee, who was man
enough to say, even after Gettysburg, “It is
my fault.”
Now, see what it cost the State. Almost
the entire session of the Legislature was mo
nopolized by this personal war of Smith on
McLendon. True, the outrageous Eminent
Domain bill came very near slipping through.
Mr. Smith may have to explain, some day,
why his Legislature was so eager to grant ad
ditional and enormous favors to the Wall
Street corporations. The people will want to
know why he made no fight on that bill; and
why his organ attacked so savagely the pro
posed increase of taxes on big corporations,
(Continued on Page Twelve)
PAGE NINE