PAGE TWO
'Public Opinion Throughout the Union
Uncle Sam is a poor financier in
one of his big departments, that of
the postoffice. The deficit for the
twelve months ending last June was
about sixteen million dollars. If a
few million dollars were cut off the
amounts given the railroads and so
many franks given to certain favored
ones were done away with, the de
partment would, of course, be self
sustaining. But this is a part of the
graft game which we suppose will
continue indefinitely.—Dublin (Ga.)
Times.
Gov. Hughes, of New York, it is
reported, was invited, a few days
ago, to a dinner, given by the York
State political machine, for the suc
cessful candidates in the recent elec
tion. In response, Governor Hughes
told them to go to Hell-afax, inform
ing them that they could not dictate
his appointments; that good men, not
“good republicans,” would be select
ed. The “machine” fought Hughes
in the late campaign. It looks as if
he will now fight the “machine.” We
are commencing to like Governor
Hughes. —Alpena (Mich.) Argus.
Here is the one great unescapable
fact: Mr. Carnegie is the foremost
authority on American steel. He says
the labor cost of a ton of steel is low
er here than anywhere else, and that
in its main lines the industry needs
no protection. His statement accords
with the general understanding. It
will have a tremendous effect upon
public opinion. It strikes the heav
iest blow yet delivered in behalf of
honest revision. The consternation it
has cast into the camp of the stand
patters is the measure of its message
of hope for the consumer. —Western
Reserve Democrat, Warren, 0.
Did it ever occur to you that if
we had government ownership of
railroads, telegraphs and telephones
one of the most prolific sources of ras
cality in the accumulation of great
and dangerous fortunes would be
eliminated? —tSioux Falls (S. Dak.)
Critic.
Last week we discussed the power
of the manufacturers and showed the
hand they have taken in fixing tar
iffs for more than a hundred years.
We now purpose to discuss the power
of the transportation companies.
No one will for a moment doubt
the importance and need of great
transportation companies. They are
as necessary to the growth and devel
opment of the country as the manu
facturers. It is inconceivable that
great transportation systems could
be built up without the use of the
corporation. Single individuals could
not build them. Men acting together
as partners could not. The work was
left to either the great corporation or
the state. To erect and maintain and
operate the great transportation sys
tems of our great country requires
the combination of men ami money.
To effect this combination the cor
poration has been chosen. By means
of it thousands of men can and do
combine their money and their brains
and their hands to carry out great
projects. We shall not say that
these great projects should not be car
ried out, that these great transporta
tion systems should not be estab
lished. We think they should be.
And we do not condemn the use of
the corporation for such purpose.
But the corporation has assumed
the mastery.
The people have been asleep while
the enemy worked. Before the peo
ple knew it the corporation had en
tered congress and the legislature and
the court room and the executive
chamber. It had invaded and usurped
all the functions of government.
This is why the people today cry
out against the corporation.
From 1862 forward for over ten
years, yea, nearly twenty years, ev
ery request made to congress for a
gift of land to aid some railroad cor
poration was granted. Men who
sought favors to railroad corporations
were smiled upon in congress and in
every legislature. The unthinking
people through their so-called repre
sentatives could not do too much for
*the transportation corporations. Such
a thing as restricting them on rates
was unheard of. The confiding peo
ple seemed to think the organizers
of great railroad companies were pub
lic benefactors and that nothing was
too good for them. The people
helped to elect the corporation men to
congress and to the legislatures and
the courts and to executive office all
over the country.
As a consequence, the attorneys
for the railroad companies drafted
the laws that related to their busi
ness. And of course they made those
laws just as favorable as possible to
the corporations.
For instance: In every state today
the laws permit the unlimited water
ing of railroad capitalization. Seven
men may today organize a railroad
company in Nebraska with a capital
ization of $5,000,000 even though
they do not put up more than $50,000.
And this is the situation in every
state. Senator La Follette’s demand
for a physical valuation of th<_rail
roads for the purpose of establishing
a correct basis for rates strikes at the
“water” in railroad stocks to the
amount of billions of dollars. And
that “water” in the stocks and cap
italization is used by the companies
as a basis of rates and by means of
it the railroad companies take from
the people annually hundreds of mil
lions of dollars in excess of fair com
pensation for the use of the actual
capital employed in the business.
This is only one instance in which
the great power of the railroad com
panies in legislation has been used to
their advantage. There are others.
The possession of this great power
by the railroad companies explains
why they are so deeply interested in
the elections and why they maintain
political bureaus. They find the pow
er useful. They are able to coin it
into money, at the expense of the peo
ple. They join hands with the tariff
protected, specially favored manufact
urers and together they use their im
mense power in favor of those men
and measures friendly to the perpet
uation of their power.
The question is: How long will the
Jeffersonian ~
people be deceived into the belief
that the exercise of such great power
in governmental affairs by the manu
facturers and the transportation com
panies is good for the whole people?
How long will the people fear to take
the power into their own hands? —
New Era-Standard, Kearney, Neb.
Wild cat currency or any other kind
of currency will go so long as the
government stands between that and
the people. Uncle Sam, under the
Republican management of the gov
ernment, is not permitted to issue cur
rency on his own account, but he is
made a cat’s paw to pull the corpora
tion chestnut soap wrapper currency
out of the financial fire. Uncle Sam
is a corporation tool in the hands of
Wall street gamblers and we no long
er have a government of the people,
by the people, nor for the people.—
Rolla (Mo.) Sharp Shooter.
The Enterprise believes that not
enough praise can be given the Farm
ers’ Union of Newton county for the
part it has played in urging the farm
ers to plant grain.
If this organization accomplishes
nothing more than this one thing it
has accomplished a great work.
Through this campaign of grain
planting, the Union has become a ben
efactor.
The Enterprise believes that next
year the full force of this statement
will be apparent to everyone and will
be readily acknowledged by all.
The Union can accomplish still
more good for the county by inaug
rating, at the proper time, a vigor
ous corn planting campaign and urge
the people to raise hogs.
Let the Union’s next slogan be —
HOG and HOMINY!
Then cotton will mean money to
every grower and prosperity will
abide with every thrifty and indus
trious farmer in the county.
It is worth trying—Covington
(Ga.) Enterprise. --
It looks as if the Democratic par
ty, as a political power, has come to
an end. It will continue to exist in
some of the states for local purposes,
and there will always be a dominant
white party in the South, but as a
national power the indications are
that democracy will play a very sub
ordinate part. Issues are changing
with great rapidity. The Republi
can party is the parent of all the
great private fortunes in the Union,
and of all the vast corporate monopo
lies and trusts. Under its fostering
care a money power has been created
and built up, and of necessity the
offspring must stand for its parent in
a struggle that threatens both.
Realizing, as the American people
will, that no constitutional conserva
tive organization like the grand old
party of constitutional guarantees
and Jeffersonian principles can over
throw a political party intrenched
and maintained by a vast consolida
tion of wealth, the time will come
when means will be found, not pro
vided for in the national constitu
tion, to work such changes as the peo
ple may and surely will demand.
If Mr. Bryan had been elected to
the chief magistracy of the American
republic, the possibilities of a tremen
dous political and social upheaval
would have been long postponed, but
as matters now stand, they are visibly
impending, and those men are but
blind guides who, in the~face of such
conditions, shall cry peace and safe
ty. For then sudden calamity may
fall upon them. —New Orleans Picay
une.
Hon. Champ Clark of the Ways
and Means Committee where the tar
iff hearing is now going on in Wash
ington, says the object of the hear
ing is to let everybody have his say.
That is just what we thought. A
Western Judge, growing tired of the
arguments of opposing counsel, final
ly said to them, “Gentlemen, this is
a fine day. I am not feeling very
well, and I think I’ll go fishing. When
you are through with your arguments
you will find my written decision
here in the left hand drawer of this
desk.” —Vidalia (Ga.) Advance.
Various remedies have been sug
gested as a cure for the trust evil in
the United States. A German Coun
cilor of State, named Deerman, has re
cently studied the trust question as it
pertains to this country and arrives
at the conclusion that the only rem
edy that will prove effective is for
the government to own the rail
roads.
According to Beerman the basis of
the trust system is to be found in
the transportation agencies. The
states are powerless to restrict the
railway companies to a non-discrimi
nating freight. By means of discrim
inating freight tariffs free competition
is stifled. The only way to secure
non-discriminating freight rates and
place all competitors upon an equal
footing is for the government to
own the railways.
No doubt the transportation prob
lem has much to do with the growth
and the monopoly of trusts, and that
government ownership of railways
would cut the support from under
these combinations against free com
petition.—Kansas Commoner, Wichi
ta, Kan.
Cloth is now made from steel and
has the appearance of horse-hair
cloth. It is largely used by tailors
as a material for stiffening the should
ers and collars of coats. A little of
the stiffening in the vertebrae of the
average citizen may do no harm.—
Thomas (Okla.) Tribune.
Andrew Carnegie,* who has made
more money off the protective tariff
on steel than any other man, says
that the steel industry does not need
a protective tariff; that steel can be
manufactured here cheaper than any
place on earth. We wonder if the
next congress will just make the steel
trust continue to take the robber tar
iff off the people.—Weekly Sentinel,
Waldron, Ark.
You can get fifty of the most beau
tiful high art post cards ever pro
duced, and will be a member of the
Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange, if
you read our offer on another page.