DISEASE CAN BE CURED
Without the Use of Medicine
= VVE PROVE IT TO YOU=
Wc prove every statement we make. We do
not ask you to take our word as final evidence.
When we say disease can be cured without the use of medicine, we mean every
■I word we say. Every word of it is true. We prove it by living witnesses. Not only in
|J|Z ° ne case ’ nor a hundred cases - l>ut in thousands of cases, where the patients state in
BBL z ,, zBHhHMP ' j°y ful satisfaction that they have been cured after their cases had been considered in
curable.
•" We are constantly on the lookout for other diseases to prove it on. We prove it to
_ J *' anybody—in fact, we want to prove it to everybody. We do not care what the disease
: W' J is > nor how severe it is, nor how many other diseases are complicated with it. We can
'■ ( JM ' J Sh ° W y ° U parallel cases that have been cured by the famous Thacher Magnetic Shields,
' : If i'" ■' 4” *• 5 k and these cases are sound and well today as living monuments to the grand revitalizing
BF M ; B '<fc power of Magnetism.
‘ These Magnetic Shields keep the body bathed in a constant stream of Magnetism,
B I- ,# fl wb ich floods the system with its life and energy.
W Z* Patients are often told that they have incurable diseases. We want to tell you
B. JaK right here that m arly all of these cases can be cured, and we can prove it to you.
X \ More than 75 per cent of all the patients that we have cured were first given up as
'Z ; JjfIHHHB beyond all hope of cure, and they have been made sound and well by applying Magne-
‘ BB z '/ X fIHsRMB tism according to scientific instructions.
IB zcffiffdlF / 'A We
Hl careful study, and we will advise you fully by letter just what can be done for you,
iL z an d how it can be done.
L- e agree to tell you all about it and prove to you, by evidence that can not
81. be denied, that all we say is true.
This cut shows how the Magnetic waves from the will point you to cases of paralysis, consumption, diabetes, Bright’s disease,
VEST, winich is one of the most powerful shields we manu* locomotor ataxia, dyspepsia, rheumatism, tumors, nervous prostration, obesity and a
facture, envelop the entire trunk of the body and saturate and one other diseases that are called incurable. We can show you the most
the patient with powerful Magnetic vibrations. The vest incontestable proof that we have cured them.
contains over 800 powerful Magnetic storage batteries We have cured these cases a(ter th had been jven
constantly radiating over 800 streams of Magnetic energy v
into the vital organs centers, keeping the pa- We know that if we can prove to your satisfaction all we say you will want the
tient continually bathed in a stream of this revitalizing Thacher Magnetic Shields without any urging from us, because they prove that they
force. We make shields for every part of the body, ail de- will do just what we say they will do. There is nothing else on earth to take their
scribed in our new book, “A Plain Road to Health.” Free place, and do as much as they can do. Read the evidence in these letters from grateful
to all who send descriptions of their cases. patrons who have been cured. r
Read tills Positiv'e Indisputable Evidence
“GOD BLESS DR. THACHER!“-CURED OF PARALYSIS OF LOWER SERIOUS COMPLICATIONS OF LUNG. STOMACH AND KIDNEY
HALF OF BODY OF SIXTEEN YEARS’ STANDING. TROUBLE. A MARVELOUS CHICAGO DISCOVERY.
THACHER MAGNETIC SHIELD CO., CHICAGO, ILL. DR. THACHER.
Dear Sirs: It would take a large amount of space to give a history of my „ C( . x . x A .
case from start to finish, but for the sake of suffering humanity I will give a few . Dear Sir: It gives me great pleasure to testify to the perfect cure I have gained
words to help along, if possible, the great work you are doing for the ,‘Y us ,£ y°” r wonderful Shields. After suffering fifteen years with stomach trou-
In 1883 I was taken with malarial fever of typhoid form, causing complete wus- bles, although doctoring the greater part of the time, I kept getting worse, until I
cular paralysis. By the aid of the best medical skill in the East, I became, as- was the victim of a severe complication of stomach and kidney trouble, which a
ter several years, able to sit up and use my arms, but my lower limbs remained year and a half ago all seemed to go to my lungs. Had dreadful pains, lost my
paralyzed until after I put on the Magnetic Shields in 1899, sixteen years after- appetite, could not sleep, became so very weak I could hardly walk across the
ward. My case is a noted one in New York State, and all the medical fraternity noor, and not able to do my work. At times, when my pains were not so severe
decided I would never be able to walk again. Dr. C. I. Thacher said I could and 1 would try to read, but could not for more than five minutes at a time, as I was
would walk again, and he was right and all the rest were wrong. It is needless to very nervous. My family and friends thought I could not live another month. I
say that I had spent money freely all these years without receiving results, until was getting tired of taking medicine. Nothing helped me. I happened to see your
I found the Magnetic Shields. We who have been restored by its wonderful pow- , paper, which read “Magnetism Cures Without Medicine.”
er begin to realize the great work being accomplished by Dr. Thacher, and we 1 thought, yny 6 tbere ls . there is hope.” So just one year ago today 1 put
would be unjust to our Creator and to our fellow-beings, as well as being very 9 n you F wonderful Magnetic Vest, Leggins and Insoles. The result was a miracle,
ungrateful, if we did not use all our efforts and powers in spreading the * or ia two days I felt relieved; in a week much better; in three weeks, entirely
grand truth, bringing greatest joy and hope to the chronic invalid, deliverance cured.
from disaster, transition from the old life to the new. I am one of the thousands Words can not express how thankful I am to you for your kind advice- al<sn
who with all my heart can say fervently, “God bless Dr. Thacher and his great for the treatment, to which I owe my life. May you live long for suffering hu-
work.” All personal letters, enclosing stamp for reply, will be promptly answered manity’s sake. May your great and sure cure be known a great deni hettm- th<i»
for those wishing minute data of my case. Yours truly, it is today. Yours respectfully, 6
CLARENCE D. SMITH, R. F. D. No. 6, Rome, N. Y. MRS. O RAY, 654 Hirsch St., Chicago, 111.
We have thousands of just such letters. They come unsolicited in every mail every day in the year. People write to us from Maine to Cali
fornia, stating they have been cured of diseases that had been considered incurable. Do not be discouraged. Do not give up hopeno matter if you
have been told your trouble could not be cured. Investigate our claims. It is a duty you owe yourself. All we ask is for you to write a full and
complete description of your case and let us PROVE YOU THAT W» OAN OUM'TOU. We will send you free of charge our new book, “A
PLAIN ROAD TO HEALTH,” by C. I. Thacher, M. D.» c initial he mo«t v»taabl» taft—ition an the subject, and we will advise you in just what ap
plication of MAGNETISM will be required to cure yon* jfese. Write ea £nW a»d we will take the same careful pains to advise you as if
you could call at the office and see us in person.
WARM FEET
The greatest comfort and luxury of modern days; magnetic fire under your feet, the greatest life-protector known; your feet keep warm all the
time, even if standing in water, snow and ice. A pair of Foot-Batteries, the smallest shield we make, worn in shoes, will convince the most doubting
skeptic of the curative value of Magnetism. SI.OO per pair, or three pair for $2.00 for single power. $2.00 per pair, or three pair for $4.00 for
double power. Send size of shoe when ordering Foot-Batteries.
THACHER MAGNETIC SHIELD C0.,1nc., Suite 262,169 Wabash Ave., Chicago, 111.