PAGE TWELVE
KNOCKS US ABOUT SOCIALISM.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
not a convention be called (as I believe has been
done) and all real reformers get together in one
grand party? The Populists cannot succeed alone,
can they? The Prohibition party can’t The Inde
pendent party can’t. Then, why not all true radical
people come together, quit fighting and settle down
in a “People’s Socialist party”? Can not all radi
cals get what they are contending for in a party
like that?
Answer through weekly Jeffersonian.
W. W. WILKS.
(Answer.)
The Jeffersonian is always ready to publish
legitimate criticism, for censure stimulates in
vestigation and free discussion.
When we say that “Socialism is headed for
bloody revolution.'’ we mean that private pos
sessions can not be socialized by the ballot.
The “Have nots” may outnumber the “Haves,”
and may vote to make Society the owner of all
property, but the men who are in possession
of the private wealth will never surrender
without a fight.
Do the Socialists still adhere to the prin
ciple that private ownership is wrong? Do
they still contend that all property must be
owned in common?
If so, they are headed for a bloody revolu
tion.
If not, they have modified their demands.
When we say that the Socialists are headed
for “a reign of elemental chaos,” we mean that
they propose to subvert the present order and
to establish a new one, based upon a profound
misconception of human nature.
Socialist communities invariably fail in spite
of the fact that the founders carefully pick and
choose the men and women who are to work
out the experiment. They fail because human
nature is just what it is.
Everybody who is fit for anything will work
for himself, his wife, and his child; but it is
not everybody who will work for society.
Individualism is as deep in us as the spring
of life itself. You want what is yours. You
THE GASOLINE ENGINE A
GREAT FARM HELP.
A good many farmers have the idea
that the modern gasoline engine is
something for the factory and the
shop, and that it has no place on the
farm.
It is a mistaken idea. These very
farmers would be surprised if they
would stop to think of their own work
and see how many places and how
many ways a reliable power would
be serviceable to them. The fact is
that the gasoline engine, ready, pow
erful, easily moved, easy to operate
and economical, is emphatically the
farmer’s power.
The International Harvester Com
pany of America is advertising from
time to time a line of these engines
in this paper. We are persuaded that
readers who ignore this advertise
ment, thinking that the gasoline en
gine is not for them, are not living
up to their privileges.
A power of some kind has always
been a necessity on the farm. It is
now more of a necessity than ever.
Farm machines have multiplied. They
all have their place, they are all la
bor savers. But many of them require
power to operate them. You can not
get full value out of them and make
them do their full duty of labor sav
ing without a power.
The slow process of generating pow
er through a system of gear wheels
by having horses travel pi a circle
will not answer it this day. When it
had its day, slow and wasteful as it
was, it was never used except at
threshing time and for one or two
other purposes. The windmill was
never of much value except for pump
ing water and from the very nature
of things was very unreliable even for
that. The treadmill was worse than
either. All were makeshifts which
were used because some sort of power
was absolutely necessary on the farm
and because nothing else in those
times was available.
With all our expensive machines
and high-priced land and scarcity of
labor, our farming must be more in
tensive than formerly. We must pro
duce more; we must get the most out
of our machines. We must be less
at the mercy of hand labor.
The I. H. C. line of g'asoline engines
are handy powers available alike for
big and little duties. Think for a
moment of a reliable power that you
can take anywhere for any kind of
work and have it in operation the mo
ment you get there. Think of having
all the power you want just as long
as you want it and then shutting it
off and stopping all the expense in
stantly. The cost is always low in
proportion to the work done. It’s a
power you can operate yourself. It
will save you labor and make you
money in a score of ways. You will
find it will soon repay its cost and
you will have the engine for many
more years of duty.
tSfce Jeffersonian
want to have something of your own. You
crave the possession of something which no
body else shall share with you. Selfish? Cer
tainly,—but that’s the way God made man.
The angels are doubtless built differently, but
men are elementally selfish, —always were so,
always will be.
You want your wages; all that you earn, you
want. .You want a home of your own. You’d
rather be the king of a tumble-down shack
than a co-tenant, with dozens of others, in a
palace where you would not be master.
Next in fierceness to the demand for a mate
that no other man shall touch, comes the pas
sion for a home which no other man may enter
without your consent.
Does Socialism still contend that Society
shall own your home, and shift you about at
periodic intervals?
If so, Socialism strikes a deadly blow at
home life, and all that the beauty and integrity
of home life involves.
If not, Socialism has modified its creed.
As to getting the reform forces together, we
are ready. That has been Mr. Watson’s atti
tude, all along. He was willing to work with
Bryan in 1896, when Democracy meant vir
tually the same as Populism. He was willing
to work with Hearst, until Mr. Hearst entered
into that unholy compact with Murphy and
Tammany.
He is willing now to co-operate earnestly
with Debs, and all other reform leaders, pro
vided, the purpose be to restore the Govern
ment to its ancient landmarks and make it
truly democratic. We don’t need to do more
than to abolish abuses, Special Privilege and
class legislation. We don’t need to tear down
the house to repair it.
« n h
‘Editorial Notes,
By J. D. Watson.
A “joker,” as Congress terms it, has been
found in our existing revenue laws.
In 1898 (during the Spanish-American war)
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes —the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys who get the largest number of
subscriptions to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE or WATSON’S
WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN between now and July 4, 1909, 1 will
give a handsome
Gold Watch and Chain
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold ring for
the girls.
Third prize: Your choice of “Napoleon”, “Jefferson”, “Bethany”,
“Life and Speeches” or “Waterloo”.
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
AGENTS’ PRIZE CONTEST
To the agent who sends ns the largest number of subscriptions
to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
between April 8 and June 10, 1909, we will give
Ten Dollars in Cash
To the agent who sends us the second largest number of sub
scriptions, as above, we will give
Five Dollars in Cash
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows:
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian 10 points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards 5
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian 5 ”
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 4
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian 2% ”
Three months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2 ”
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in for this prize competition. For blanks, samples, etc., apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
a war revenue tax was placed upon certain
goods and articles. A tax of six cents was
placed upon tobacco, but, for convenience of
the trade, the manufacturer was allowed to
reduce the size of the package instead of in
creasing the price.
For instance, a two ounce package was
reduced to one and two-thirds ounces, a three
ounce package to two and one-half ounces, but
the price remained five and ten cents.
In due course of time the war revenue tax
was repealed, but the size of the package was
not restored to its former size.
Isn’t it strange that some of our wide
awake statesmen at Washington have not
found this “joker” before?
It is surprising when you stop to think that
it is hard to find a package of tobacco not put
up by the Tobacco Trust.
To make a long story short, the consumers
of tobacco have been mulcted out of $45,000,-
000, and the bulk of the $45,000,000 has gone
into the coffers of the Tobacco Trust.
Since our government is spending millions
of dollars in building big battleships to make
our navy as powerful as those of Europe, the
European countries have become alarmed and
want to spend millions in keeping ahead of us.
As soon as Europe begins to spend those
millions, our Congress will appropriate more
millions to catch up again, and so will go the
race for the most powerful navies,—from Eu
rope to us, and from us back to Europe.
But where will it end, and what will be the
result ?
Listen to the warning that Sir Edward
Grey, secretary for foreign affairs, gave the
English House of Commons while the govern
ment’s policy of increasing the navy was be
ing debated.
The warning was that if the race for arma
ment continued, it would mean eventual Eu
ropean bankruptcy.
And what it means for Europe, it will mean
for us.