PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events
“No good business man borrows money when
he has sources of ready revenue at hand. Why
A Sane,
Sound View.
relieved from the burden of
high prices and the Government could easily clear
$50,000,000 of revenue from that one schedule.
It could well be put into the improvement of our
waterways. Then there is the income tax. It
could be easily made to yield sufficient for all the
Government needs.”
These remarks from Representative Burle
son, of Texas, deserve to be embossed. The
viciousness of the bond issue for irrigation
purposes is already apparent in the horde of
lobbyists who will flock to Washington in De
cember to demand of Congress $10,000,000 for
a pork-barrel. Under the guise of improve
ment of rivers and harbors a great slush fund
is to be raised in placation of the West. Con
gressman Burleson has exactly the right idea :
that the legitimate improvements upon which
all agree can be made out of the revenue with
out subjecting the masses of the people to this
enormous burden of bonds. As for sectional
features, such as irrigating the Western lands
at the expense of the poor taxpayers of all
sections, it is almost incredible that such a
thing could be proposed. Congressman Bur
leson deserves thanks for the stand he has al
ready taken and it is to be hoped that every
Southern Congressman, Western Congress
man, Northern and Eastern Congressman will
join in a concerted effort to defeat the scheme
for giving Taft-Cannon-Aldrich popularity
in the powerful States of the Pacific Slope.
Frank Pierce, heretofore unknown to fame,
bobs up as Assistant Secretary of State.
We Should
Know
“Our Rulers.”
sistant stenographer of the secretary of the
secretary, and the office boy to the first assist
ant stenographer of the secretary of the sec
retary are all assuming quite national im
portance. Mr. Pierce's claim to fame pro
ceeds from his refusal to grant a right of way
to the proposed Oklahoma Pipe Line Com
pany, holding that the Prairie Oil and Gas
Company, a Standard Oil branch, is already
in Oklahoma and should handle Oklahoma
oil notwithstanding that the State of Okla
homa denied permission to the Prairie Oil
and Gas Company to build a pipe line there.
Mr. Under Secretary has gone even further
than the Supreme Court has cared to go in
granting perpetuity to “vested r’ghts”. In
dignation simply fails when the policies of a
sovereign State are set at naught by any petty
sub-official who can annex himself to the pay
roll of the Interior Department.
* * ❖ *
A cabinet meeting, by the way, was held
just a few days ago, at which time most of our
esteemed friends were present to discuss the
encroachment of the people upon the inviola
ble right of the State Department to secrets,
etc. The Crane case as well as the Ballinger-
Pinchot controversy are said to have/come in
for profound consideration by these very au
gust gentlemen of the Cabinet. They felt that
their prerogative to subterranean methods and
general chicanery ought not to be infringed
through an official giving out any informa
tion to which the insolent public may feel it
self entitled.
The Crane affair is not diminishing in im
portance, but increases, since little Philander
Knox demanded the ambassador’s resigna
tion. It is clearly apparent that the State
Department, in collusion with Japan, has in
augurated policies of its own in direct contra
vention of the equitable principle of the open
is not that a good policy for a
government? Strike off a por
tion of the duties on wool and
woolens; the consumers will be
Rapidly indeed is the Amer
ican public being introduced
to the understrappers in all
departments. The secretary
of the secretary, the first as-
□kffersoftlan
door and that unless checked by public out
cry an entangling alliance of most abomina
ble character will receive official sanction.
The insidious creep of imperialistic tenden
cies has indeed progressed so far that disrep
utable State secrets are undermining the very
principles which the American Republic was
founded to further and to which it has until
the last decade or so faithfully adhered.
One hundred and twenty-five thousand
railroad men east of the Mississippi will de-
A Possible
Strike on
Eastern Roads.
and North equal to the schedule of wages paid
to the Western employees. At any rate, no
matter what it is for, we hope they will get it.
No man works harder than the railroad man
or incurs more danger and hardships in the
course of his everyday employment. The
railroad men- have been singularly patient,
they are also as a majority singularly blind to
their own interests. Nearly all of them fight
government ownership of the railroads be
cause they have been trained to the sheeplike
acquiescence in the idea that such owner
ship means poor wages to them, not seeming
to see that the measure which would reduce
freight rates and facilitate the distribution of
necessaries and commodities, that would af
ford them easier hours and better protection
of life and limb, would more than offset the
theoretical claim that they would receive less
wages. As a matter of fact, they would re
ceive more, for wages would come first in the
schedule -of operating expenses, whereas now
the earnings of the road must go for divi
dends on watered stock, for fabulous salaries
to a few presidents and directors, with wages
and the betterments of the road down at the
foot of the column.
The National Farmers’ Congress at Raleigh,
North Carolina, adopted resolutions demand
ing that the mileage of Con-
Good
Resolutions.
where should not only demand
this, but they should fail to return every Con
gressman who voted to increase his own sal
ary from $5,000 to $7,500 per year. The Con
gressman can not be elected, as he well knows,
without the ballots of the men of the rural
districts, and it is not only high time but long
past time that the farmers as a class should
repudiate every congressional rascal who gets
their votes on suave promises, proceeds to
Washington snd promptly betrays his con
stituents’ in the interests, generally, of some
New England manufacturer.
<■ sjs # * *
At the Macon Convention of the Farmers’
Union in Georgia the following resolutions of
protest were introduced by Fred. D Wim
berly and Charles .McGregor:
“Macon, Ga., November 8. — (Special.)—An im
portant resolution passed by the recent Farmers’
Union Conference in this city, and overlooked in
crush of business, related to impending currency.
“The resolutions of protest, introduced by Fred
I). Wimberly and Charles McGregor, are as fol
lows:
“ ‘We, the representatives of the Farmers’
Union of Georgia, condemn unqualifiedly the ef
fort to be made in the next Congress to destroy
$346,000,000 of the United States Treasury notes
and to melt into bullion $600,000,000 of silver.
“ ‘Such action will take from unrestricted cir
culation about $1,000,000,000 which are a pre
cious boon to our people.
“‘Banking currency substituted for this money
of the people will give additional, and even rea
sonable power, to expand and to contract the
money volume at will, and thus hasten and com
plete the financial reclaimant of the producers of
wealth called the masses.
“ ‘We, therefore, call aloud to the President and.
maud a 12 per cent, increase
in wages and uniform
schedules. This increase is
to make the wages of the
railroad men in the East
gressmen be reduced one-half.
The farmers there and else-
6Z5 Hfl'PP&Yl' Tom Dolan
Congress, and especially the Senators and Repre
sentatives of Georgia:
“ ‘First, to let the Treasury notes live to do
good and not to be destroyed and do harm to the
republic.
z “ Second, to increase the coinage of both gold
and silver and the issuance of gold and silver cer
tificates to supply the demand for money in this
republic, whose production of wealth and expan
sion of commerce is increasingly marvelous.’ ”
Following the horrible affair which Mr.
Watson commented upon in last week’s issue
Illinois
Goes Mad.
pie witnessed the hanging of one negro,
and three troops of militia were sent to the
frenzied town in the hope of preventing a
race riot akin to that in Springfield last win
ter. How fully such Northern and Western
cases bear out Mr. Watson’s opinion that
never again would either section lend its aid
to forcing the negro upon the South, politi
cally or otherwise. The trouble is too grave
and too widespread for the ancient prejudices
to have any weight whatever with this gen
eration.
And be it noted that women pulled the rope
with which the wretch was hanged.
The offense was receiving an old bicycle
frame which he says he did not know, but
The Case
of Paul.
mine would be in school. But
Paul hasn’t had any father for many years,
and his mother and young brothers and sis
ters needed him to be a man, —so he had been
out in the world earning his pittance, bravely
and generously sharing it with the little fam
ily.
Paul was a nice boy. Everybody who knew
him loved him, and believed just what he said
about that bicycle frame. Most of his old
employers had been boys themselves, anyhow,
and they knew that we can’t expect little fel
lows of thirteen years to understand strange
quirks that make small boys who have an in
grained love of old junk “receivers of stolen
goods”, and such terrible things. The boy
with a father gets into all sorts of mischief
and trouble, and daddy squares the damages
and gives the usual curtain lecture with much
outward gravity; and then sneaks into the
little son’s room, kisses the wet cheeks, and
strokes the tousled head on the pillow just a
bit contritely—for he can’t be very hard on
the poor “kid” who didn’t realize.
But Paul had no father—and Paul’s moth
er had no protector. This is why. when he
was haled before Judge Broyles, of Atlanta,
neither of them got any consideration. Not
the boy’s tears, nor the mother’s pleadings
availed. It was eight years in the Reforma
tory for Paul. Not because he stole that bi-
To Men and Women of Atlanta
and Vicinity
There will be a meeting at 7001/2 Ma
etta street on Thursday evening, Novem
ber 18, at 8 o’clock, to organize a Jef
fersonian Club and discuss important is
sues. The notice here given is short, but
all who can possibly do so are urged to
come and aid in this great movement.
The meeting will represent a pure democ
racy, and each one present will be urged
to take an active part.
A large and well-lighted hall has been
provided for the meeting, and there is ex
cellent street-car service to and from this
point.
of The Jeffersonian, Cairo,
Illinois, has witnessed another
horror amounting virtually to
civil war. Ten thousand peo-
which, in fact, had been stolen,
and the offender was a little chap
—just the age that your boy and