•i the celebrities may be collected for a
pow-wow that’s certain to be in the
papers. William J. is sure to be there, to
bob up serenely, smilingly, with an opin
ion and a few remarks.
With one exception!
Prohibition symposiums have no fasci
nation for W. J. B. His fertile brain and
eloquent tongue shy painfully when they
come into the vicinity of this dynamic
subject.
And at a time when even Illinois goes
to voting out the barrooms, Nebraska
sterns the current of “Drv” success and
goes “Wet”!
And -while the fight was on, in his home
state, Brother Bryan, the greatest of
talkers, does not seem to have had a
word to say for Prohibition.
n m n
No Populist State or County Tickets.
The friends of Governor Smith, in cer
tain parts of the State, are saying that the
Pops want Joe Brown nominated so that
they can run a man against him and beat
him.
This rumor is every bit as true as that
alleged Cobb county advice to the ne
groes to go to the polls on June 4th “to
tell white men how to vote.”
The Pops are not going to put out a
state ticket, or conntv tickets.
They are going to make an earnest ef
fort to carry Georgia, in the national elec
tion, for a native Georgian and they be
lieve that they can do it.
If Hoke Smith wins in the June pri
mary, he will be Governor.
If Joe Brown wins, he will be Gov -
ernor.
The new rule which Hoke Smith’s com
mittee has put upon the Democratic
party in Georgia will drive into the
Populist ranks every self-respecting, in
telligent country Democrat, and in 1910
we will elect the Governor. Os course,
Hoke and his crowd may count him out,
as they counted Hines out,, in 1894.
h n n
Bryan and the Money Question.
How can any true-hearted Populist
support Bryan for President when his
position on the money question is so un
sound? He believes in a currency sys
tem made up of gold, silver, and “paper
redeemable in coin.”
No Populist can support such a candi
date without repudiating his own prin
ciples.
It is the inherent right of every sover
eign government to create money. It can
use paper, as well as it can use silver and
gold. A paper “dollar,” made so by law
and the engraver, is just as truly a dollar
as the silver dollar, made so by law and
the engraver.
The metal was not a dollar until the
law was put behind it and the stamp of
the government upon it. That which
changed the silver metal from a commod
ity to money, lifts the paper in the same
way.
THS JEFFERSONIAN.
To say that a paper dollar must be
“redeemed” in coin, is nonsense.
Dollars are not “redeemed” by swap
ping them for other dollars. Every kind
of dollar is redeemed, in the only way it
can be redeemed, when it pays debts, ef
fects exchanges, or does any other thing
which money is created to do.
Dollars which have to be “redeemed” in
some other kinds of dollars, are not
money.
The truth is, Mr. Bryan does not un
derstand the Money Question, and unless
he quits talking long enough to read and
think a little, he never will.
n m h
Weakness of the Hearst League.
(1) It belongs to one man, who con
trols it absolutely by virtue of the copy
right which he took out on the name and
plan.
(2) Those who belong to it must do
just as Hearst says, or get out.
(3) The platform, candidates, etc., are
all dictated by William R. Hearst.
(4) The members of the Hearst League
have no more freedom of speech or ac
tion than the men who are employed on
the Hearst newspapers.
(5) The Hearst platform declares for
the National bank theory of finance, and
no Populist can join the League without
stultifying himself on the Money ques
tion.
(6) Hearst not only favors Protective
Tariff, but the Ship Subsidy, the most
indefensible of all examples of Special
Privilege.
(7) Hearst denounces both the old
parties as rotten, but fuses first with
one and then the other.
(8) Hearst changes about too much
and seems to have no fixed convictions.
(9) The Hearst manager, so far as
politics is concerned, is the notorious Max
Ihmsen, as corrupt a man and as much
of a political criminal as Charles F. Mur
phy or Pat McCarren.
Friends, beware of the Hearst League.
Connection with it will reflect no credit
upon you. It has no high or patriotic
purpose, and is foredoomed to the utter
failure which it deserves.
« n n
To the 'Boys and Girls.
From all parts of the country young
people write to me for information. Some
want “dots” for a debate, some need
ideas for an essay, some inquire for the
missing word in newspaper contests. A
man or boy or girl who writes to an editor
for the “missing word,” in order that the
man or boy or girl may get the piano, or
other prize, is almost past praying for.
Heavens! If I knew the missing word
wouldn’t I sail in, ahead of everybody,
and get the piano?
But I have a sincere sympathy for the
young people, and the old people, too,
who want to learn. None of us know any
too much. The moment any human crea
ture becomes complacently satisfied with
himself and with his environment and
with things in general, that moment he
becomes an encumbrance to the earth and
an obstacle to progress.
Individual and social and governmental
improvement is based upon intelligent
discontent.
Unless we are conceited enough to
think that we are perfect, we should never
cease to struggle against our faults. Os
course we shall never reach perfection,
but unless we continually struggle to im
prove ourselves, downward we go!
So, also, with social and political sys
tems. None are perfect. To keep them
from becoming worse, we must be always
fighting to make them better. The man
or woman who says, “I take no interest
in politics,” is not a good patriot. In a
self-governing country each citizen owes
a duty to the state; he can not shirk his
moral responsibility. If evil conditions
prevail and he is ignorant of them, and
indifferent to them, he is much to blame.
Is there some man or woman in your
community that people call “a fault
finder”?
I guess there is. We’ve got one in our
community. The New York Sun alluded
to him the other day and called him “the
Prince of Disturbers.” I glory in the title.
“Woe unto them that are at ease in Zion,”
and blessed is the state which appreciates
the men who will deal honestly with their
own faults and with the faults of others.
As long as the faults are there, oughtn’t
somebody to find them? How are we to
get rid of them, unless they are found?
Prince of Disturbers, eh? All right.
Unless somebody troubles the waters,
who can be made whole? Take your place
by the stagnant pool, if you like—but as
for me, give me the ever-rushing river.
Furl your sails amid the driftweed and
derelicts that lie idly in the dead calm of
the Sargasso Sea, if you like, but give to
me the ship that dares the restless ocean,
flings her sails boldly to the winds of
heaven, and makes port, laden with pre
cious cargo, or goes down in the storm
after the best efforts to conquer wind and
wave.
But I’ve wandered far from the path.
What I meant to say was that it is im
possible for me to run an “Information
Bureau,” and to furnish, by private cor
respondence, the facts, arguments, etc.,
desired by people who, like myself, are
never content with what they know, but
are eager to learn more. Recently, how
ever, I have made up a volume which is
not only a sort of encyclopedia of valuable
facts and figures, relating to social, eco
nomic and governmental subjects, but
which contains many chapters of original
matter—’the history of political parties
and platforms, the history of class legis
lation in this country, a full discussion of
the Money Question, Railroad question,
Tariff taxation, Federal Judiciary usurpa
tion, causes of the Panic of 1907, etc.
Besides this, I have prepared another
volume containing the narrative of my
own struggle in life and a selection of
my speeches, covering a wide range of
subjects. These speeches will give you
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE