PAGE FOURTEEN
Special Campaign Offer
The Weekly Jeffersonian and the Missouri
World for one year sl.lO
The Jeffersonian Magazine and the Missouri
World for one year $1.35
Both Jeffersonians and the Missouri World
for one year $2.10
The Missouri World, published weekly, is a
straight Populist paper and is still edited by
P. J. Dixon, who established it nearlj’ twenty
years ago.
TAPESTRY
PAINTING.
200 Beautiful Tapestry Paintings by the Most
Eminent Artists in the World to Select
From.
We can show you effects produced with
Tapestry Paintings, properly selected and
placed, NEVER before shown.
SCHOOL.
We have the finest Tapestry, Painting School
on earth. It is open every business day in the
year under the supervision of Prof. Maturo.
LESSONS.
We give SIX three-hour LESSONS for $5.
We RENT to patrons beautifully painted
Tapestries for STUDIES
TAPESTRY MATERIAL.
We manufacture and keep the largest and
best line of Tapestry material in the WORLD,
at PRICES most reasonable.
DRAWINGS.
We make DRAWINGS and enlarge them to
any size desired, either on Paper or Tapestry
Material ready for painting, from any subject
given us, guaranteeing absolute perfection.
CATALOG.
We have an illustrated catalog containing
over 500 Tapestry Painting subjects, gotten up
at a cost of thousands of dollars, and sold for
$1 a copy. We, however, have arranged to send
the readers of this Magazine (if name of mag
azine is sent), a catalog for the postage (ten
cents) or FREE on receipt of order for TWO
yards or more of Tapestry Material. We also
carry a full line of Paints, Brushes, Pallets,
Rest-sticks; Pantographs, and Photographic
STUDIES; any size; black and wnite, or hand
colored.
We extend to all artists visiting our city at
any time who are interested in this line of
work a CORDIAL invitation to make our Studio
their headquarters, where they may re :eive
their mail and do their corresponding.
MATURO-WHEELER CO.,
36 West 27th St., between 6th Ave. and Broad
way, New York City, N. Y.
Phone 2508 Madison Square.
sA
---r-Tr" - - - 'jfe-- ~gg^7~— ZZZZZZ^ '■'U
lElXtmAFflrOfatwwilLC
|MMiwmM«wn» naaia3£,
IMiWrfWinM ESTABLISHED 10 YEARS
MILLEDGEVILLE. GEORGIA
lifls Largest and best equiped school South. Expert management,
a .^ Wire connect i° ns - Positions guaranteed. Railroad fares
paid. Board at cost. Open year around. Write for catalogue B.
Great demand for operators.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Positions Offered by Business Men
to the Pupils of The Southern
Shorthand and Business
University.
It Pays to Attend the Long-Established
Southern.
A good stenographer after four weeks’ study!
That is what has been accomplished by sev
eral students of the Graham system at the
famous Southern Shorthand and Business Uni
versity, of Atlanta, Georgia, the oldest and
largest Business College in Georgia.
Such records are exceptions, however, and
are only given to show that the superior sys
tems, methods, and facilities of this great
school, enable its students to accomplish better
results within a short period of time than
can be accomplished elsewhere in this section.
Over 15,000 former students of the Southern
are holding good positions.
The business men say that the Southern’s
students are better qualified for work, hence
they prefer them to the students of other
schools.
And this is why the Southern is so popular
and its patronage more than double that of
any other Business College within the State
of Georgia.
The Graham system is not only more rapidly
written and easily read, but makes far better
stenographers after from three to six months’
study than can be made in from six to twelve
months with the Chartier and other “chop
hatchet” systems. The Chartier’s author and
4G Colleges have recently discarded that
system, thus proving that it will not do for
high-grade w r ork.
In a letter dated July 16, 1908, from Miss
Allie Warnock, of Brooklet, Ga., she says:
“I have been home only three weeks, but
life ; WMr**
Inn
I' r-
MISS ALLIE WARNOCK.
A Recent Graduate of the S. S. & B. U.
have a fine position as bookkeeper and stenog
rapher for the firm of J. A. Warnock & Son.
“I appreciate more and mere every day
what the Southern Shorthand and Business
University has done for me. It is the best
business school in the South with no excep
tions.”
The surest and quickest way to secure a
position is to take a course in the old estab
lished Southern. Write at once for catalog.
Address A. C. Briscoe, President, or L. W.
Arnold, Vice President, Department B, Atlanta.
Georgia.