PAGE FOURTEEN
KNIFE FREE
F’Hoto of TFios. E. Watson
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly sub
scription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine we will mail a handsome, two-bladed knife,
with a transparent handle containing the latest photograph of the
Hon. Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of the very
finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of German silver, the lin
ings of plate brass, all beautifully finished. The photograph of Mr.
Watson is life-like; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
and leader. To get the knife you must ask for it when you send the
money—not afterwards.
THIS OFFER IS GOOD FOR THIRTY DAYS
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
BTI IIW OirfrTw . jHßhadfckS. KlL’yia.'l/tUIBiI
Full College Courses For Cata l°S and fulls
with Music, Pa t. ting Information address |
and Elocution. 67 th Ses- John W. Gaines, Pres. I
Sent. 8. ’O9 or Wm. 5. Cox, Mgr.
'- - J
«■TtwKuSaBW "WMJI i't.lngßßmi i^wan—»—■»■>— mu ,■» t, —a—
r j A Preparatory School for Boys and Girls.
I SJg I'wTfjyP Equipment complete; Full Faculty of experienced teachers;
S r X/ Home Life an attrsctive feature; Teachers live in School
Homes with pupils; Certificate admits to college.
-v Literary, Music, Expression, Art, Business, Bible Courses.
I/M inPl? B °ard $8 to sl4 per month.
3.11 kJ lIJ.UJI 1/ A Safe School. As Good as the Best. As Cheap as the Cheapest
For catalog and further information address
CLAUDE GRAY, President, Locust, Grove, Ga.
$20,000 Larchmont Farm
INCORPORATED
West Camp, N. (on the Hudson)
200 Shares Full Paid Par SIOO Non-Assessable
The Larchmont Farm (Inc.) is a corporation organized under
the New York state laws, its object being to raise poultry products
and fruit for high-class trade.
This company owns 100 acres of cultivated land at West Camp
on-the-Hudson, having a frontage of about 3,000 feet on the Hudson
River. The location is an ideal one, as the Catskill Mountains are on
the west, ten miles distant; on the east the Hudson River, and north
and south the beautiful Hudson Valley. Facilities for shipping are
unexcelled. There is a steamboat landing very near the property
and goods shipped by boat from the farm at night reach New York
City the next morning. Freight rates are very low. The West
Shore R. R. station is a few yards from the farm, and shipments may
be made by express to New York in 3y 2 hours.
The location of the land is in a portion of the Hudson Valley
that is rapidly increasing as a residential section.
For poultry raising and fruit growing the land is unexcelled.
It is well drained, sloping gently to the east and south to a stream
supplied by never-failing springs of pure co?d water. The soil is
rich and adapted to fruit growing. A large acreage consists of wood
land, with considerable cedar, which will be invaluable for building
purposes.
In the fruit and poultry business there is a constant demand
which must be met, and with the facilities to be had at Larchmont
Farm it will be only a question of how great will be the production
and how large the profits.
Every dollar invested in this company is amply secured by de
sirable real estate increasing each year in value.
Low capitalization secured by real estate, fertile land, good
management, with an ever increasing market, make this a most de
sirable investment.
Officers of the company receive no salary until stock earns 24
per cent. —or 2 per cent, monthly.
Dividends are now being earned and we believe a distribution of
from 10 to 25 per cent, will be paid the first few years, showing in
creasing profits each year.
Having sold a portion of this stock, the remainder is now of
fered for sale at par SIOO a share.
For prospectus and full information fill out and mail this coupon.
LARCHMONT FARM (INC.),
Box H, West Camp, Ulster Co., N. Y.:
Please send prospectus to —
Name
Address
Cfye 3e|'fersonian
Love That Endured
Continued from Page 2
But you trust me, dear, and nothing
can make any difference now.
A few short months, and despite
all, I am coming home—to Love and
Happiness and — You!
As ever, 808.
Three months flew by.
Mrs. Nelson sat surrounded by
flowers in a room whose very atmos
phere breathed cheerfulness and
gentleness. She was ostentatiously
doing needlework, but her fingers
trembled so that she could scarcely
take a stitch and the delicate face
had quite lost its color. The long
strain of her life had snapped the
tension at last, and just as happiness
lay within her grasp, she was fast
slipping the chords of existence.
As she sat pondering the past, and
thinking painfully of the uncertain
future, the door was pushed softly
open. There was a breath of cold
air, a rustle of soft garments, a faint
odor of heliotrope, and a charming
vision framed itself in the doorway.
A second’s silence. Then the girl
spoke softly:
“How do you feel now, Mother?”
she asked, closing the door noiseless
ly and coming into the room.
The older woman smiled and put
out one thin hand, keeping her eyes
in a steady gaze on her daughter’s
face.
“A little better now,” she said,
“but not quite strong yet. There’s
something I want you to do for me,
dear, if you don’t mind?”
“There’s nothing in the world I
wouldn’t gladly do for you, Mamma,”
she answered quickly, paling at sight
of her mother’s wan face.
“I have here, Bob’s last letter,”
she explained, “I always answer
them promptly, you know. But I
am afraid my strength—”
“Yes, yes. Os course you mustn’t
think of attempting anything of the
kind. You shall dictate to me, and I
will write. I don’t believe he’d ever
suspect the difference in our hands,
do you?” she rattled on brightly,
that her mother might not read the
heaviness of her heart.
Mrs. Nelson smiled and shook her
head. “If there is a difference,” she
said. “Now the pen, ink and paper,”
she reminded nervously, “I always
use the kind with the little silver
monogram, you know.”
Inside half an hour, the letter was
ready for the post and read as fol
lows:
Dearest Bob:
I am afraid I must disappoint you
again—as well as myself. But don’t
come just yet. I cannot bear the
thought of disillusionment, dear.
Let us keep our love idealized! We
have lived our separate lives for
twenty years and more, and now that
there is no longer obstacle to our af
fection, why need we run any risks
with it? Besides, something tells me
that God never intended our union to
be other than a spiritual one, and I
am afraid!
Do not misjudge me. If possible,
my love is stronger than ever, and if
later —but more at another time.
Always the same
DOROTHY.
The weeks slipped by till another
month had gone.
When an answer came to the let
ter, Mrs. Nelson’s gentle spirit had
gone back to its Creator.
Dolly opened it with trembling
fingers and hot, tear-blinded eyes,
read what Camden had written:
“ . . . Something has gone wrong,
Sweetheart. You are not yourself
now, but I can wait —even as I have
waited through all these years. And
when you bid me come, I shall be
there as fast as steam can bring me.
Every day, every hour —every mo
ment, my thoughts go out to you,
the best and sweetest of women! . .”
The girl could read no more, but
threw herself, face downward, on a
sofa and wept bitterly, as his words
brought the realization of her own
inestimable loss.
When she had controlled herself,
Dolly found that she was confronted
by the first problem of her life.
Should she go on with the letters as
she believed her mother would wish
—or tell him the truth at once? It
seemed too cruel—too brutal! She
would break the news gradually, re
lying upon Time to point out the way
and soften it!
So, she kept up the letters for al
most a year, but each one seemed
farther away from the truth than the
last, till finally she wrote him to
come. She would tell him herself,
softening the blow and dwelling upon
her mother’s last words and love for
him as sire could never do in a letter.
***** * *
On the morning of the twenty
seventh of June, a telegram was
brought to Dolly’s room. It was ad
dressed to Mrs. James Nelson, and
read:
“Arrived in New York last night.
Will reach Philadelphia at four this
afternoon. R. CAMDEN.”
Dolly was ill, propped up in bed by
innumerable pillows. Her pale face
grew even paler as she comprehended
the meaning of the message. Rob
ert Camden was coming—coming at
last. She had never realized until
now what she had undertaken, and a
feeling of panic seized her. She cov
ered her face and broke into hysteri
cal sobbing. But in a little while
she calmed herself and set a brave
face toward the task ahead of her.
“He shall never dream that the
mother’s daughter could be a cow
ard,” she mused sententiously.
The hours fairly flew. There was
not half enough time to think of all
she wanted to say—all she must say
—when she was able to think at all
for the tumultuous emotions that as
sailed her.
An hour before train-time, she sat
up in bed with a startled face. “Af
ter all,” she reflected in alarm, “he
is a man, and I cannot receive him
in my bed-room!”
When the maid came in answer to
her ring, she laid the subject before
her. “My headache is quite gone,
Jeanne,” she insisted, “and you must
lay out some things for me at once.
I feel perfectly able to go into my
sitting-room, and you know I cannot
receive Mr. Camden here.”