PAGE EIGHTEEN
EDITORIAL NOTES
By J. D. H'A TSON
(continued from page fifteen)
office, and the Department of "Justice has slept
through both Democratic and Republican ad
ministrations while the Sugar Trust contin
ued to plunder and rob.
Taking everything into consideration, the
Sugar Trust has been about the most favored
by the Government of any of the Trusts.
It lias been allowed to write the sugar
schedule for the last twenty years, and when
the dollars did not flow in fast enough to sat
isfy its greedy officials, the Government has
allowed them to go further and steal enough
of what little tariff it pays to further swell its
millions.
* * * *
If by some chance it leaked out that the
Trust was getting too bold in its methods, as
it did a few months ago, a great racket is
made about the thorough probing that will
be made with the prosecutions to follow.
But the last investigation amounted to lit
tle more than did the buried report of Messrs.
Hepburn and Whitehead. The Government
started out with a great noise about what was
going to be done, but that was as far as it
went.
It is true that a few minor officials were
convicted of short weighing and sent to the
penitentiary, but that is all.
When the trail led from these little em
ployees up near Brother Charlie’s clients,
there was a sudden stop, and that is the last
heard of the investigation.
When it got to where Brother Charlie’s
law partner for the Sugar Trust, Wicker
sham, had to act, the wisdom of the Trust
making one of its lawyers Attorney-General
was shown.
Brother Bill blew off the dogs, and ended
the hunt.
Not only did he do that, but he wilfully
violated the law and gave the Sugar Trust
control of thousands of acres of the best cane
growing lands in the Philippines for having
let Loeb go so far as to have the Sugar Trust’s
methods investigated.
The way this Government has winked at
crimes committed by the big Trusts against
the helpless people is enough to make Justice
hang her head in shame.
It is enough to make an American feel like
apologizing when he hears the United States
spoken of as a Free country.
Some of the men whom we permit to hold
public office, and honor as great men, should
be driven out of decent society and into the
penitentiary.
Some of the men high up in our Govern
ment whose duty it is to prosecute crimi
nals, deserve to be prosecuted as criminals
. themelves.
$ $ $ $
The House has appropriated the money for
two more battelships, at a cost of $6,000,000
each, so the administration’s policy of in
creasing the navy will be carried out.
Despite the fact that 72 per cent, of our
Government’s revenues are spent on account
of wars past and wars that we are planning
for the future, we see no tendency to call a
halt on the policy that will finally lead to
bankruptcy.
Despite the fact that our geographical po
sition counts more than the strongest navy of
any power in the world, we must continue to
pay the Steel Trust a heavy tribute and send
a powerful fleet around the world once a year
to show the countries that J. P. Morgan is
Irving to force concessions from, and to show
them what we will be able to do to them if
they don’t let Morgan have his way.
Hardly had the two battleships program
gone through the House before the announce
ment came that our most powerful fleet was
preparing for another “around the world”
cruise.
©be Jeffersonian
Two years ago our then powerful fleet was
sent on a cruise, at a heavy expense to the
taxpayers, to show Japan and China what a
power we were, and now a more expensive
cruise is to be made by our more powerful
fleet.
The way these Congressmen can spend the
taxpayers’ money in furthering the interests
of such bankers as Morgan, and in feathering
the nests of the Steel Trust officials, is a
shame.
* * * *
Leslie M. Shaw, the overzealous mouth
piece of Jingoism, has broken loose again.
This time before the Commercial Travellers’
Association.
Says Leslie:
“Japan has five hundred and fifty merchant
ships in the water today, and one hundred more
in the process of construction, while we have six
little hulls.
“We send sixteen battleships around the world
to scare people and hire twenty-five foreign ships
to haul coal for them.”
The surprising part about Leslie’s state
ment is that the Morgan interests and the
Steel Trust allowed Leslie to speak at all.
The wonder is that they don’t keep Leslie
permanently muzzled.
When he was allowed to speak before he
showed the Steel Trust’s hand behind the in
crease in our navy so plainly that it came
near defeating the “two battleship” program.
Now he bursts forth and admits that we
sent our fleet around the world to scare peo
ple.
To scare whom?
Japan and China.
And before the fleet got home, our consuls
were trying to force Japan and China to
grant J. P. Morgan and Company conces
sions to build a railroad.
Who are we to scare next time with our
more powerful fleet, Leslie?
What does Morgan want this time?
The Democrats and the Hearst forces have
held a love feast, and Willie has returned to
the “House of his Fathers”.
Amen!
Again true reformers have had a mill
stone loosened from their necks, and the
swimming is easier.
But poor Miss Democracy has burdened
herself with a heavy load on a hill-climb that
is steep and rocky.
The Democratic party is perfectly welcome
to Hearst, his newspapers, Independence
League, printers’ devils and all, if they want
them.
. 1 eform movement that is weighted
down with a man who will trade with the
Democrats one time and the Republicans the
next; a man who will have Murphy car
tooned one time as wearing prison garb with
cham and shackle, and the next time accept
Murphy’s nomination, and let Murphy be his
“Boss”, —that man doesn’t do the reform
cause any good while living under her name.
No, no person who favors reform will shed
any tears because Hearst has left the banner
of Independence. He never belonged under
such a banner, and the people of New York
found it out and left him long ago.
* * * *
The bribe takers and the bribe givers seem
to be having a big inning in the courts these
days.
One member of the New York Legislature
has been convicted, and his conviction threat
ens to implicate several other legislators, as
well as dozens of other State officials and in
surance company officials.
The Mississippi Legislature is busy investi
gating the recent election of Senator Percy
by that body.
It is openly charged that money was paid
straight out to change votes from Vardeman
to Percy, and one member has admitted that
he was paid to desert Vardeman. The Grand
Jury is looking into the charges.
In Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, a system of
corruption that puts even a Pennsylvania city
to shame has been unearthed. City officials
and bankers are in the net by the wholesale,
and there seems to be no escape, except for
those who received the immunity bath by tell
ing.
The State printer of Ohio has been con
victed for swindling the State on false bills.
The case against Secretary Ballinger and
the land thieves has been as strongly made as
the packed committee would allow it, and
Representative Ollie James promises interest
ing information about the New York bureau
that is fighting the income tax amendment
before the State Legislatures.
Let ’em keep whooping things up, it may
do some good.
* * * *
President Taft has given the Democrats an
other splendid opportunity to reopen the fight
on the tariff by sending a special message to
Congress asking for $250,000 with which to
prosecute the work by the tariff board cre
ated under the Aldrich-Payne tariff act. This
board is supposed to be looking into the ef
fect of the tariff act, seeing what articles are
taxed too high, as well as those taxed too lit
tle. In other words, revising the tariff rates
and making such recommendations as will
tend to make the tariff uniform.
By the act of sending this special request
to Congress, the President admits that the
work needs to be carried on, and flatly contra
dicts his own speeches that the present tariff
is the best ever enacted.
If it was the best ever, there has been no
need of the board doing any work, to say
nothing of spending $250,000 to have it con
tinue its work.
The President is evidently beginning to see
what awful blunders he and his administra
tion have made, and they hear the distant
rumble of the coming storm.
* * * *
Representative Ollie James, of Kentucky,
created quite a little stir in Congress the other
day by stating that he was satisfied that there
was an organized lobby fighting the income
tax amendment in every State Legislature.
Said Mr. James: “I am satisfied that there
is a combination, a bureau, or something of
that sort, organized and operated by a group
of New York individuals and corporations
with the view of fighting the income tax
amendment in every State of the Union.
“It was evident down in Kentucky that
there was a powerful organization working
against the ratification of the amendment by
four-fifths of the States. The action of the
Virginia Legislature is also significant.”
It will be remembered that the amendment
had a hard time getting through in Kentucky,
and Mr. James had to leave Washington and
go to Kentucky to help get the Legislature in
line.
In Virginia, you will remember, the
amendment was defeated. The reasons given
were that it brought up the feeling of the
sixties, revived the feeling as to States Rights,
etc.
Mr. James knows what he is talking about
happening in Kentucky for he was there, and
he is pretty apt to be right about Virginia.
It is hard to say which statement casts more
reflection on Virginia’s Legislature,—that re
calling the feeling of the sixties defeated the
income tax amendment, or the influence of the
New York lobbyists.
For my part, if I had to make a wager, I
would bet that the trail from the Virginia
Legislature leads closer to Wall street, New
York City, than it does back to the sixties.
* * * *
The President has been forced to call upon
the insurgent Republicans for aid in putting
through his administration bills, but whether
the aid will be given remains to be seen.
He has been resting easy, on the assurance
of Aldrich and Cannon that his legislation
would be put through, but he now finds him-