—for he must so confess —that in the Mills-
Crisp caucus fight of 1891 he was at especial
pains to fire nothing but blank cartridges.
Many who rode foremost in that war are dead
and under the grasses—Crisp, Springer, Hatch,
Cummings, O’Ferrell, Wheeler, Kilgore, Eng
lish, Culberson, Herbert, Holman, the roll is
long. But many remain—Bailgy, Cable, Catch
ings, Tucker, Tarsney, McGann, DeArmand—
any and all of whom should be able to correct
Mr. Bryan in case his memory takes to crip
pling down. And then, too, as I’ve said, there
are those caucus rolls and newspaper files.
When the papers have brought Mr. Bryan
to admit that, as above described, he threw
away his caucus vote in 1891, should he still
succeed in forgetting that such throwing away
was because he feared to “go back to an old
soldier element along the Platte with the
record of having voted for an ex-Confederate,”
they must ask him: What then was the rea
son? He threw his vote away; that, at least,
is sure. And folk don’t throw their votes
away, in a contest over a speakership, in any
spirit of facetiousness or chance-blown caprice.
Why, then, did Mr. Bryan so play the caucus
prodigal? If “an old-soldier element” and an
“ex-Confederate,” in terrifying conjunction,
were not the argument, what was? Also, if Mr.
Bryan, in answering the latter, can frame a
reply that shall so much as even resemble the
reasonable, I pledge myself to admit with
fullest apology that it is my memory not his
which has blundered and failed miserably to
keep its feet. ,
ALFRED HENRY LEWIS.
n * *
The Macon Platform.
It seems that a question has sprung up
concerning the contents of the platform
which the Hoke Smith end of the Demo
cratic party adopted at the Convention
held in Macon, just after his election in
1906.
We therefore give a summary of the
document, it being too long for us to pub
lish in full.
The Democracy of Georgia, assembled in
convention, declared its hostility to tariff for
protection, to the trusts, and to the policy of
allowing representatives of special interests to
hold positions of power in the counsels of the
party. Favored direct popular vote in all
primary elections for United States Senators,
State House Officers, Supreme Court and Ap
pellate Court Judges. Urged adoption of a con
stitutional amendment increasing the State
Senate so as to constitute every county of
20,000 or more population a separate senatorial
district. Declared it to be a permanent prin
ciple of the Democratic party organization that
all qualified white voters, irrespective of past
political affiliations, be admitted to the pri
mary on the sole condition that they abide the
result thereof. Favored payment by the State
and Counties of the expense of holding pri
maries. so that the poorest citizen might offer
for public office, and advised a uniform date
for nominations. Denounced any and everj F
agent used for corrupting the ballot and urged
that the use of such agents be made a criminal
offense. Called lobbying and the contributions
of corporations to campaign funds crimes
against the public welfare, and demanded a law
clearly defining lobbying and prohibiting any
employed agents or attorneys from addressing
members of the General Assembly In regard
to anticipated or pending legislation, except be-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
fore proper committees of said body in regular
session, and that such agents or attorneys be
required to register their names with the Sec
retary of State, together with place of resi
dence, person, or corporation, which they rep
resent and legislation in which they are inter
ested.
It demanded laws requiring all railroad cor
porations in Georgia under foreign charters to
domesticate themselves under Georgia char
ters, or that they be required to secure a permit
for operation in Georgia, which permit or
license wouid only be granted on condition
that they submit themselves to the Georgia
courts. Condemned the system which permit
ted the issuance of fabulous amounts of fic
titious or watered stocks and bonds, and looked
upon this as the primary cause of excessive
freight rates. Favored strict governmental reg
ulation of the issuance of stocks and bonds
and other securities, and urged prohibition of
the various railroads of Georgia charging more
than just and reasonable rates for the trans
portation of freight and passengers, issuing
passes, etc.
Demanding immediate leveling of intrastate
rates to the basis of yielding no more than a
reasonable return upon money invested and
abolishment of all discriminations against the
people of this State in favor of the people of
other States, and the immediate repeal of all
preferential rates above the standard tariff,
which the main railroad systems of Georgia
are permitted to charge. Condemned exces
sive and discriminating port rates as unjust.
Favored issuance of general interchangeable
mileage book at a price not exceeding S2O per
thousand miles. Urged the extension of the
State road to the sea. Placed upon the rail
road commission the responsibility of putting
in force these various demands, and favored
the opening of the office of railroad commis
sioner to all men of necessary intelligence and
determination, instead of restricting the choice
of men to those skilled in some particular line
of business; and favored increasing the powers
of the Commission.
Commended the passage of such laws as will
effectually protect the prohibition counties of
Georgia from the importation of intoxicating
liquors within their borders. Recommended
retaining and strengthening the white primary
and favored the adoption of an educational
qualification for voting, to be so drafted as
to exclude the largest possible percentage of
the ignorant and purchasable negro vote, but
protecting the right of suffrage of all citizens
who have served in any wars in which this
country has been engaged, their descendants
and all persons of good character who under
stand the responsibilities and duties of citi
zenship under Republican form of government.
In his carefully prepared inaugural ad
dress, Governor Smith dwelt with great
emphasis upon the various measures of
reform to which he stood committed.
Very near and dear to him was the
reformation of the primary system. With
the righteous wrath of a just man. Gov
ernor Smith denounced the early primary
which the “machine politicians’’ had been
allowed to “manipulate” so that the will
of the machine had been “substituted for
that of the people.”
Said the Governor:
“A common dodge is to call a primary
Jopg before an election.”
* Yes. the dodge is so common that Hoke
did the same thing himself —it being so
easy and human for the outsider to see
things as the insiders did, when the
’ outs” swap places with the “ins.”
Said the Governor:
“NO PRIMARY SHOULD BE PER
MITTED MORE THAN SIXTY DAYS
BEFORE AN ELECTION.”
Yet Moke “permitted” one that was
called for June 4th —which is about twice
the limit he himself had fixed.
And to make it worse, he tried to es
cape criticism for his flop by declaring
in his speeches that he had never opposed
a primary called so late as June.
Forgot that inaugural speech, you sec.
The reform to which Governor Smith
gave first place in his address, when he
took the oath of office, was the suppres
sion of Lobbyists.
They haven’t been suppressed yet.
The legislature threw out the bill. But
the Governor, in his Mcßae speech, said
he had no criticism to place on the legis
lature. Then he could not have cared
much for the anti-lobby bill.
Free passes were to be made illegal —
but they weren't.
The position of the Jeffersonian in the
matter of the forfeiture of railroad char
ters, for mis-use of franchise, was quoted
and commended by the Governor, and he
solemnly warned the railroads that they
had better mend their manners, else they
would have to face suits for cancellation
of charters.
Yet the very carefully drawn resolu
tions, prepared for the purpose of ripping
up the cover which conceals the illegal
doings of the Central Railroad, could
never be carried through the legislature.
At the last moment, a Hoke Smith lieu
tenant moved to lay the Hardeman reso
lutions upon the table.
They are there yet.
This side-tracking of the resolutions
was done by Senator Felder, of Macon,
who introduced Governor Smith when the
latter spoke in Macon during the recent
campaign.
There was promised a general primary
law, fixing the time of the election not
more than sixty days before the regular
October election, thus avoiding the vic
ious practice of re-electing members
whose record of service under the pre
ceding election is unfinished.
The legislature failed to enact such a
law.
And the manner in which Governor
Smith himself flopped on the matter
lakes it rather embarrassing for him to
urge the legislature to legalize that sixty
day pledge of his
The Macon platform and the Gover
nor's inaugural had much to promise in
the way of purifying politics. Boykin
Wright—a most nappv selection—was
put forward to champion the measure
which was to cleanse the polls, abolish
the job of ward-heeler and county
“worker,” and label the stuffed ballot
boxes with the repentant label, “Never
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE