PAGE FOUR
Os Interest to Wealth 'Producers
COUNTRY LIFE.
Country life has its drawbacks,
but it has its great advantages which
overcome them. True, those who live
in the country are “Rubes” and
“farmers” and “hayseeds” to the
cigarette smokers in town, but the
boast of the business men in the
world today is that they were born
on a farm. Take away the surround
ing evils that beset the young men or
women on the threshold of life’s jour
ney in the city, and substitute the
helpful influence of nature, and you
fortify them for the sterner walks in
life. The few things which they do
not know about table etiquette and
when it is proper to leave two visiting
cards and when but one, they will
catch onto much quicker than city
boys and girls will learn to properly
stoke the furnace or make good bread.
No boy or girl need be ashamed of
living on the farm, for if they have
taken advantage of what it has of
fered they are well fortified for after
life. —Dodson Times.
MISTAKES OF DAIRYMEN.
There are proably few mistakes
more serious, from a financial stand
point, than the mistakes of dairymen.
The man who fails to milk his cows
today has made a mistake and the
penalty is not only the loss of today ? s
milk, but it means a permanent
shrinkage. This may be very small,
hardly perceptible, but it is nevert
less true. A cow that is in the habit
of milking ten months and this year
is only milked nine months, will re
duce her period of lactation next year
and a very serious mistake has been
made. It doesn’t simply mean the
loss of one month’s milk this year. It
may mean one month each year for
five years or possibly ten years. That
means S4O or SSO. If you do that
with ten cows it means S4OO or SSOO.
If with twenty cows, it means enough
to buy a little farm. “The mill will
never grind with the water that is
past.”
MHfit wL '■ | More rubber, better webs, and stronger parts ’SB
J enable us to positively guarantee that
B 1 BULL DOG SUSPENDERS I
a I Outwear Three Ordinary Kinds
Uy Money back if not entirely satisfactory
lww w Utt J 1 A gift of these useful, handsome, Inexpensive suspenders
SUSPEND** 5 | in attractive, single-pair boxes, will be remembered
i by every man and boy, long after the occasion is forgot
YjWk 18k WL I Made in light weight for the gentleman
W AaW W I and in heavy weight for the strenuous user
I Extra long in either weights, if desired
JK... 1 STRETCH A BULL DOG—superior elasticity, which
Wy '’•-***^' J * i means more wear and comfort, is instantly noticed
Mk I Packed in handsome single-pair boxes, they are the
most useful, satisfying gift you can buy anywhere for 50 cents
* EVERY MAN ’ YOUTH AND BOY WBJL 6LADLY RECEIVE THEM I
OWWk™HEWES & POTTER, Makers
yli 3301 87 Lincoln St., Boston, Mass.
Write for our instructive free booklet, “Style, or Howto Dross Correctly,” which contains
Jerj r vft l ua M° K’lt suggestions. For 10 cents postage, we will send our useful BULL DOG j
JT 1 v J* Comb and cnse
The man who became discouraged
when the pastures dried up and when
butter fat was low for a short time
and who failed to provide his cows
with good succulent feed made a mis
take and a very serious one, because
now the price has gone up and the
cows have shrunk and when the mar
ket for butter fat is strong and the
price high, the flow of milk has de
creased and it is impossible to restore
a full flow. We know of nothing of
more importance to the dairyman
than making provisions to keep up
the flow. While some years are worse
than others in this respect, it is true
that history repeats itself every year,
and it is absolutely necessary that
ample provision be made to tide the
cow over a period between the failure
of pastures and the time when it is
customary to feed or when stalk fields
are ready to turn in.—W .W. Marple,
in Blue Valley Bulletin.
BIG TURNIPS.
Mr. R. N. (Smith brought us this
week some cow horn turnips that
everybody pronounces the finest they
ever saw. The root to one of these
is 24 inches long. Mr. .Smith has
about half an acre in turnips, and sold
sls worth therefrom in one day. If
more of our farmers would pay more
attention to crops of this kind in
stead of expending all of their en
ergies in the production of cotton,
the country would speedily be in a
healthier financial condition. —Forest
Blade.
KEEP STABLES CLEAN.
one farmer in five ad
heres strictly to maintaining the prop
er degree of cleanliness about the cat
tle and horse stalls and the hog sheds.
The filth that is usually found around
the barn and sheds is wholly inex
cusable. It is the forerunner of many
forms of disease and various kinds of
vermin. There is more or less damp
ness in stalls where animals are kept
even if careful precautions are adher-
"Blje 3ftffersoniart
ed tb. When carelessness permits it
to accumulate this is only intensified.
All the stalls and beds should be
kept perfectly clean and the bedding
changed often. At least twice a week
the bidding should be removed from
the floor and a thorough disinfectant
sprinkled on it. As cheap and effec
tive a disinfectant as can be used is
air-slacked lime to which may be
added a small amount of crude car
bolic acid. Sprinkle this on the floor
of the stalls and cover with dry bed
ding. Germs and odors cannot exist
long where such treatment is given.—
Farmers’ Advocate.
WATERCRESS FOR SPRING
BROOKS.
Every man who has a spring brook
ought to get watercress set in it, since
it will give delicious green food every
season of the year. A small amount
set out near the spring will stock the
whole brook in the course of a year.
Watercress has a pleasant, pungent
taste, somewhat milder than mustard
or horseradish, and will take care of
itself if once planted in a spring
brook where the' water is clean. It
may be eaten raw or prepared as a
salad. It is as wholesome as it is
agreeable to the taste. Sprigs with
roots may be got from some neighbor,
or the larger seed houses should be
able to supply the seed. Either set
ting out plants in the winter or sow
ing the seed imbedded in a little mud
and stuck into the edge of the water
will give a good stand.—Toombs
County Local.
This fall and winter will be a good
time to give the orchard some atten
tion in the matter of destroying in
sects. Insect pests live in all stages
during the winter and much can be
done during the fall months to de
crease the insect crop of the follow
ing spring and increase the following
season’s fruit crop. Clean out around
the apple trees and scrape og the
rough bark to get rid of
borers and other species. A spraying
is claimed as a good thing by Prof.
Johnson of Colorado Experiment Sta
tion.- —Farmers’ Advocate.
BED BUG EXTERMINATION.
LADIES, if you want something
that will be worth more to you than
anything els » in this world for labor
saving and comfort, even beyond your
strongest imagination, send $1 to Dr.
G. W. Jenkins, of Dublin, Ga., and
get the Receipt of his Bed Bug Ex
terminator. It will keep the bugs out
of the house, it will kill all the eggs
whether it reaches them or not, after
it is applied. It is non-poisonous,
and cheap to make, cleanly, and pleas
ant.
TH E
Georgia Home Insurance Co.
OF COLUMBUS. GA.
Is a Home Institution. Organized 1859
Neatly a Half Century Old
Total Assets - - - Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders - One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization. Over Five Million Dollars
LIT ME DO YOUR SHOPPING
No matter what you want—street suit, wedding
trousseau, reception or evening gown INEX
PENSIVE, or handsome and costly —send for my
samples and estimates before placing your order.
With my years’ experience in shopping, my knowl
edge of styles—being in touch with the leading
fashion centers —my conscientious handling of
each and every order —whether large or small —I
know I can please you.
Mrs. Charles Ellison, Dept. J., Urban Bldg., Louisville, Ky.
LEAF TOBACCO FOR SALE.
Fine to chew and smoke. Grown by
a deep-dyed-in-the-wool Populist and
firm believer in Thomas E. Watson’s
deathless principles. Write for prices
to W. L. PARKS,
R. F. D. 1, Adams, Tenn.
TAPESTRY
PAINTING.
Two Hundred Beautiful Tapestry Paintings
by the Most Eminent Artists In the
World to Select From.
We can show you effects produced with
Tapestry Paintings, properly selected and
placed, NEVER before shown.
SCHOOL.
We have the finest Tapestry, Painting
School on earth. It is open every business
day in the year under the supervision of
Prof. Maturo.
LESSONS.
We give SIX three-hour LESSONS, for $5
We RENT to patrons beautifully painted
Tapestries for STUDIES.
TAPESTRY MATERIAL.
We manufacture and keep the largest and
best line of Tapestry material In the
WORLD, at PRICES most reasonable.
DRAWINGS.
We make DRAWINGS and enlarge them
to any size desired, either on Paper or
Tapestry Material ready for painting, from
any subject given us, guaranteeing abso
lute perfection.
CATALOG.
We have an Illustrated catalog containing
over 500 Tapestry Painting subjects, gotten
up at a cost of thousands of dollars, and
sold at $1 a copy. We, however, have ar
ranged to send the readers of thia Maga
zine (if name of magazine is sent), a cata
log for the postage (ten cents) or FREE on
receipt of order for TWO yards or more
of Tapestry Material. We also carry a
full line of Paints, Brushes, Pallets, Rest
sticks; Pantographs, and Photographic
STUDIES; any size; black and white, or
hand colored.
We extend to all artists visiting our city
at any time who are interested In this line
of work a CORDIAL invitation to make
our Studio their headquarters, where they
may receive their mall and do their corre
spondence.
MATURO-WHEELER CO.,
36 West 27th St., between 6th Ave. and
Broadway, New York City, N. Y.
Phone 2508 Madison Square.
If you want Real enjoyment, send
ten cents for a copy of Humorist. Ad
dress: Publisher Humorist, St. Louis,
Mo. In ordering your reading matter,
don’t fail to include the Humorist.