1
If Hearst were sincere in his conversion
to Populism, he would have given his sup
port to the Populist ticket, rather than put
out his employes to run against it.
Hearst says to Populism :
“I’ve adopted your principles. Now
come into my parlor —I, the spider, you,
the fly,”
In answer to his insolence —insolence
bom of the belief that with his money he
can buy enough men to make him Presi
dent in 1912 — we Populists say:
“We shall not enter your parlor—you,
the spider; we, the flies. You haven’t
got money enough to buy us. And your
hired slanderers will never intimidate us.
And your tricks will never fool us. And
your stage-play will not impose upon us.
For we have common sense enough to
know that had you sincerely believed in
the principles you now profess, you
would not have set up a new party,
owned and controlled by your copy-right
and your purse. Were you honestly a
Populist, as you now pretend to be, you
would not be exerting all your power to
destroy men who were true to Populism
when you were a partner of first the one
and then the other of the vilest elements
of the two old parties.
Comrades! Stand your ground. This
Hearst ambuscade is about the last danger
that you must encounter. Warned in
time, AVOID IT.
After that, straight Populism will be
triumphant.
* * *
The Thomson Meeting.
Air. Watson's appointment for Thom
son is io o’clock in the morning of
AUGUST TWELFTH,
which is Wednesday of next week.
* * *
. A. . v
Tooling the People.
Our smooth and genial friend, C. A.
Walsh —who for two years has been roost
ing comfortably on the Hearst pay-roll —
is Secretary of the Hearst party. Before
being assigned to this position by Wil
liam Randolph, the said Walsh was in
structed to act as chairman of the so
called Independence Party Convention.
He did it with great gusto. Among the
eloquent things he said and the rosy pre
dictions he made, Brother Walsh pro
claimed the glorious truth that “the
American people have been tricked for
the last time.” If true, this statement is
enough to make all of us feel real good.
But we honestly believe that Brother
Walsh’s rosy statement is premature. It
all depends upon how the country takes
this calico-pony movement which is copy
righted and financed by W. R. Hearst. If
““the American people” take any consider
able amount of stock in a political concern
which in July shed the political clothes
which it wore last January, the evidence
will be ample that they have not “been
tricked for the last time.”
Evidently, Hearst ■' and his pay-roll
brigade have no dotibt that "the American
THE JEFERSONIAN.
people” can be tricked at least one more
time.
RM*
False Report.
All three of the Atlanta dailies pub
lished an account of Mr. Watson’s Savan
nah speech that was grossly inaccurate.
Commenting upon Mr. Bryan’s ungen
erous attitude toward the South, Mr.
Watson touched upon the fact that in the
Roosevelt Cabinet the South already has
two places of great power —the War De
partment and the Law Department.
In the prospective Cabinet put forth
by Mr. Taft, the South gets as much as
Roosevelt has given her, whereas, the
prospective Cabinet of Mr. Bryan takes
away from her these places of real power,
and gives her two places much inferior
in dignity and importance, to wit.: the
P. O. Department and the Secretaryship
of Agriculture.
Mr. Watson expressed no preference
for Mr. Taft over Mr. Bryan, and has
none to express.
* M *
The National Guard.
Under this name a most dangerous
policy lurks—dangerous to State Rights,
dangerous to popular liberty.
The Constitution of the United States
is being violated one more time. Our
forefathers never intended that the Fed
eral government should act directly upon
the State Militia. Until the State troops
had been led out of the state by the state
authorities, the Federal government had
no control over them.
During the administration of President
Washington, it will be remembered that
there was in Pennsylvania a Whiskey Re
bellion, against the recently adopted In
ternal Revenue laws of the United States.
It became necessary to call out the
militia to suppress the insurrection. The
Federal government made requisition up
on the Governors of Virginia. Maryland
and Pennsylvania for state troops. The
Governors of the states named issued the
call which mustered the militia, and the
Governors of Virginia and Pennsylvania
led their contingent, in person, to the field.
The Maryland troops were led by state
officers —the Governor not being able to
appear. After the militia had thus been
drawn into the field, the Federal au
thorities took command.
The meaning of the Dick bill, and its
forerunner, the Cutting bill, is to German
ize our military system, wiping out state
initiative and substituting Federal initia
tive. In other words, the President has
power to ignore the Governors of the
states, and call out the National Guard
in the same way that he acts upon the
U. S. Army.
Instead of State Militia controlled pri
marily by the state, we now have a Na
tional Militia, controlled directly by the
President.
What were Southern Congressmen
thinking about, when they allowed this
militia bill to become a law?
c
What are the states thinking about,
when they encourage the enrollment of
the National Guard?
The Dick bill is a tremendous stride
in the march of centralization, and a most
deadly blow to State Rights.
* * *
Eben "Bryan Couldn't Find Words
For Such a Subject.
We find the following in the New York
World :
“LINCOLN* July 29. —Mr. Bryan was
asked the probable eb
feet the Independence League nomina
tions on the Republican and Democratic
party prospects, particularly in doubtful
states, such as New York and Indiana. He
refused absolutely to comment in any way
on the question. In view of his statement
concerning Mr. Taft’s speech it was sug
gested that he might say something about
Air. Hearst’s speech .at Chicago. He
merely shook his head.”
When a millionaire newspaper owner,
THE ALLY OF E. H. HARRIMAN,
goes before the American people with a
copy-righted affair which he solemnly
calls “The Independence Party,” elects
himself chairman of an Executive Com
mittee composed of his pay-roll favorites,
and selects from his editorial staff candi
dates for the Presidency of the United
States —no wonder that Bryan merely
“shook his head.” The subject is one to
which no talker, however gifted with gab,
could do justice.
Brethren, please sing something appro
priate.
* * *
The Hearst Party.
“New York, July 29th.
“Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.:
“We will be grateful if you will tele
graph (our expense) your opinion of the
probable effect the Independence Party
will have upon the results particularly in
Indiana and New York. What do you
think of its platform, especially the atti
tude toward labor?
“EDITOR OF THE WORLD.”
To this telegram the following reply
was sent:
(By Telegraph to the Editor of The
World.)
THOMSON, Ga., July* 29.—-In my
judgment a political party owned and con
trolled by one man, no matter how rich
and good and great, can never amount
to much in American politics. The so
called “Independence party” is a copy
righted affair, financed and steered by
Air. Hearst. Its so-called leaders are his
editors and employes. Almost without
exception those who are prominent in the
movement are upon the Hearst pay-roll.
In a country like ours, where the sense
of individual freedom is so strong, the
people will never consent to compromise
their own liberty of action by becoming
members of a personally conducted and
privately owned political organization.
I do not believe that this new move
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE