PAGE TEN
TTD T? T7 A handsome Post Card Album
■T AV.I_y.LL/ filled with beautiful cards FREE
TO Costs you nothing if you write now
pIDT Q or P ar tic u l»rs. Central News
vIIIxL/O Company, Chattanooga. Tenn.
LEAF TOBACCO FOR SALE
Fine to chew and smoke. Grown bv a
deep-dyed-in-the-wool Populist and firm
believer in Thomas E. Watson’s deathless
principles. Write for prices to
W.L. Parks, R.F.D.I, Adams,Tenn,
PECAN
r T , »1717G best varieties
1. Special Low Prices
BEAR NURSERIES, Palatka, Fla.
$lO BONDS $lO
We have a few SIO.OO ten
year Bonds, issued by The
Jeffersonians, and endorsed
by Hon. Thos. E. Watson.
They bear SEVEN PER
CENT, interest. This is
one of the best and most
profitable investments you
can make. Write for par
ticulars.
The JEFFERSONIAN
Thomson, Ga.
THE
Georgia Home Insurance
COMPANY OF COLUMBUS, GA. _
Is a Home Institution. Organized 1859, Nearly
a Half Century Old
Total Assets - - ■ Over One Million Dollar 5
Surplus to Policy Holders - One-Half Million Dollar 5
losses Paid Since Organization - Over Five Million Dollar 5
RED SEAL SHOES
Made Millions
in the QXif'S Wear
South Them
If your dealer doesn’t handle them, write us.
the schooley co
HAGERSTOWN, MARYLAND
CHOICE SEED & MILLING WHEATS
SUITABLE FOR SOUTHERN SOILS
Established 1860
S.C. WHITE LEGHORN EGGS
Best Layers of Large Eggs
CERVERA WHITE LEGHORN FARM
Bn m, OCALA, FLORIDA
Fish
Drop us a card, and we will put
you on to something, with which you
can turn your neighbors green with
envy, by catching dead loads of fish,
where they have become disgusted
trying to catch them in the old
fashioned way. It is inexpensive,
and will only cost you a postal card
to find out what we say is true. Now
is the season for all varieties of cat
fish and suckers, and with our meth
and some to sell or give away.
EUREKA FISH NET CO.,
Griffin, Ga. Box 1 Dallas, Texas
lOH Sample Copies different leading
I Illi Newspapers and Magazines sent to any
w address upon receipt of 20 cts. (silver
or stamps.) List containing name sent all. Sat
isfaction guaranteed. Address
Mohler’s Subscription Agency,
1205 South Warman Ave.,
INDIANAPOLIS, IND.
REMINGTON, $18.75
TMfifcnjEraHr One machine only in new localities to
secure desirable agent. Special agents*
prices supplicdon all makes of typewriters.
StmbniTnamMr Eahanp, 23 Pah Rew.NewYak
OUR POST-CARD CLUB
By DADDY JIM
CHRISTMAS PRIZE WINNERS.
First Prize: Imogene Boyle, Cen
tralia, Mo.
Second Prize: Blanche Young, R.
F. D. 5, Quitman, Ga.
Third Prize: Lizzie Adams, Har
lingen, Texas.
Fourth Prize: Eula Roberts, Taze
well, Ga.
Every boy and girl who wrote a
letter in this Christmas contest will
receive a post-card with a picture of
Mr. Watson’s residence at Thomson,
Ga. If you don’t get your card, “hol
ler” by sending us a card.
Daddy Jim wishes all of you the
merriest, happiest Christmas that you
ever dreamed about, and the best
New Year that ever a good child de
served.
THE NEGRO QUESTION.
Dear Daddy Jim:—l am taking up
for the “Empire State of the South.”
I read the letter, in the November
25th issue, from a Missouri girl, Imo
gene Boyle, about Georgia, saying
that we have so many negroes (“nig
gers,” as she calls them), and that
she never sees one, only when she
goes to town. I don’t believe her.
Anybody could see negroes any time.
Besides we don’t have many more
negroes in Georgia than the Missouri
people have. She tries to make like
she doesn’t know anything about
them. I will tell her a few things.
They help to work on the farms, cook,
wash, iron, drive the carriages, and
act as chauffeurs. We white folks
down here don’t have anything to do.
If they don’t have any negroes, they
must have all the work to do. I have
a negro to hitch up the horse and
buggy for me to go to school every
morning. I live on a farm one mile
from town, and don’t have to go to
town to see negroes. If she will
write to me I will tell her a few
more things about the “niggers.”
Let her remember that she is tack
ling a Georgia cracker. lam twelve
years old. —Willie May .Malabar,
Waynesboro, Ga.
(Note: Never say you don’t be
lieve w'hat any one tells you, unless
you have some very good reasons for
it. In this case, your mistake is due
to ignorance. In Georgia there are
over a million negroes, nearly half
the population of this State, and in
Missouri there are only about 150,-
000 negroes, about five per cent, of
the population. In some counties in
Missouri you will not find a single
negro, and from some counties and
many towns in Missouri and Illinois
the negro is barred; the people
won’t allow a negro to set his foot
there. Now, you must apologize to
Miss Imogene, and tell her that you
won’t be so hasty in your judgment
next time. —Daddy Jim.)
FROM A LITTLE FLORIDA GIRL.
Dear Daddy Jim: —Is there room
in your happy band for a little Flori
da girl fourteen years old, with
fair complexion and blue eyes;
weight, ninety-three pounds? I live
in the country, near the beautiful
stream of Chippola River. I like to
live on the farm; and help mamma
to cook, wash, and milk the cows. I
like to go to school. I am in the
sixth grade. Papa takes both of the
Jeffersonians, and likes them very
much. I enjoy reading the letters in
the Post-Card Club, and “Dark Cor
ner” in the Magazine. Christmas
will soon be here, and I am looking
for some nice presents. I hope this
will not reach the waste basket. If I
fail to gain the prize, I will try again.
—Your new cousin, Florence Salome
Fiveash, Rt. 3, Box 13, Marianna,
Fla.
Csbe
ANOTHER MISSISSIPPI GIRL.
Dear Daddy Jim: —Can you make
room in your happy band for a little
Mississippi girl? I have read many
letters from boys and girls of dif
ferent places, but have never seen
any from Hattiesburg, the beautiful
city in which I live. I am a little
girl, fourteen years old, with black
hair, dark complexion and hazel eyes;
but when I read The Jeffersonian I
almost wish I was red-headed and
freckle-faced. I was in the high
school this year, but experts con
demned the building, and it was
abandoned. lam looking forward to
Christmas with much pleasure, and
expect to have a fine time; I hope
you will, too. Papa takes both The
Jeffersonian and the Magazine, and
thinks them the grandest papers ever
published. I like to read them, too,
and watch eagerly for the postman
on Friday morning, so that I can read
the paper first. I had better stop,
or I’m afraid this will find its way
to the waste basket. If it does, I
shall worry you until you will gladly
publish one to get rid of me. Wish
ing you all the good luck I know of,
I remain, your new friend, Virginia
Montague, 120 E. 6th St., Hatties
burg, Miss.
A CHRISTMAS INVITATION.
Dear Daddy Jim: —It will soon be
Christmas, and how glad I will be;
I always like to see Christmas come.
Daddy Jim, you must come out here
to spend Christmas. I hope I will
earn a Christmas present. We are
busy making syrup now. I sure do
like to chew cane and drink juice. 1
would like for all 'of you Post-card
cousins to come and drink juice with
me. I am thirteen years old, have
grey eyes, dark hair, and fair com
plexion. I will come again soon.— ■
Your little friend, Lillie Hardin,
Graceville, Fla.
THE SINGING DADDY JIM.
Dear Daddy Jim: —I will not do as
I did last week, leave out my address.
I go to school, a half-mile from home.
Our good teacher’s name is Miss Mat
tie Whatley. Our Singing Daddy
Jim ran for the Legislature three
years ago; and the man who defeat
ed him was the only man in our
(Quitman) county that was able to
beat him at that time. Our home
Daddy Jim is your Jeffersonian
brother. —Jessie King, Hatcher Sta
tion, Ga.
rnrr Tfl Vftll MV CI2TTD free to You and Every Sister Suffer*
rntt 111 luU Nil old Itn mg from Woman’s Ailments.
1 am a woman.
I know woman’s sufferings.
1 bave found the cure.
I will mail, free of any charge, my home
/ •':<>treatment with full instructions to any suf
\ s erer from woman’s ailments. I want to tell
/ aH women about this cure— you, my reader,
/ ™ ~\ f° r yo urs elf, your daughter, your mother, or
’ A your sister. I want to tell you how to cure
•>:" A yourselves at home without the help of a doc
i itpltor. Men cannot understand women’s suffer
' ®. lings. What we women know from experi-
? ‘y aee ’ we know better than any doctor. I
v W---' ■ •• : ••• f know that my home treatment is a safe and
sur e cure for Leucorrhoea or Whitish Dis
charge, Ulceration, Displacement or Falling
vV • soar of tbe Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Pe-
Ns| riods, Uterine or Ovarian Tumors or Growths;
\ i* •• J&Mp• a l so pains in the head, back and bowels, bear-
Xi ’■ •’’ ing down feelings, nervousness, creeping feel-
x&glng up spine, melancholy, desire to cry,
•••? ■• hot flashes, weariness, kidney and bladder
troubles where caused by weaknesses peculiar
1 to our sex.
I want to send you a complete ten days’ treatment entirely free to prove to
you that you can cure yourself at home, easily, quickly and surely. Remember,
that it will cost you nothing to give the treatment a complete trial; and if you
should wish to continue, it will cost you only about 12 cents a week, or less than
two cents a day. It will not interfere with your work or occupation. Just send
me your name and address, tell me how you suffer if you wish, and I will send
you the treatment for your case, entirely free, in plain wrapper, by return mail.
I will also send you free of cost, my book— “WOMAN'S OWN MEDICAL AD
VISER” with explanatory illustrations showing why women suffer, and how they
can easily cure themselves at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to
think for herself. Then when the doctor says, “You must have an operation,”
you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured themselves with
my home remedy. It cures all, old or young. To Mothers of Daughters, I will
explain a simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Deu
corrhoea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in Young Ladies.
Plumpness and health always result from its use.
Wherever you live, I can refer you to ladles of your own locality who know
and will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all wom
en’s diseases, and makes women well, strong, plump and robust. Just send me
your address, and the free ten days’ treatment is yours, also the book. Write to
day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
mrs. m. summers, Box 460, - - South Bend, Ind., U. S. A.
A BIRTHDAY PARTY.
Dear Daddy Jim' and Cousins:—l
thought I would write again as I saw
my other letter in print. We are hav
ing some rainy weather now, aren’t
we? lam going to school now; Miss
Ella Nelson is my teacher; Aetna El
kins is my desk-mate. I am in the
fourth grade. Last Thursday, Decem
ber 9, was my birthday. I was
twelve years old. I received six
birthday presents. Eight little girls
came home with me, there were
eleven in all. We played some be- *
fore supper, then after supper we
ate apples, oranges and candy and
played and talked. We sat up till
about ten o’clock. We sure did have
a good time. Christmas is nearly
here again, and I sure am glad of it.
We had a concert Thanksgiving; and
are going to have a box-supper and
concert, two days before Christmas.
Well, I will close for this time,
hoping to win a Christmas present.
—Lettie Mae Rockett, Bernice, La.
WILL ANSWER LETTERS.
Dear Daddy Jim: —This is my sec
ond attempt to write to the best pa
per in the United States. I go to
school every day I can, and am in the
sixth grade. I have a sweet teacher;
her name is Miss Nellie Sarah Den
ton. I wrote to the Missouri girl, and
told her about Georgia; I hope she
will get the letter. Papa said when
he got The Jeffersonian knife it was
the prettiest knife he ever saw, and
when he went to Montgomery last
year he lost it; he sure was sorry he
had lost it. As I did not describe
myself last time I will now. I am
thirteen years old, five and one-half
feet high, have light black hair,
blackish-brown eyes, and have fair
complexion and a few freckles around
my nose. I will answer any letters I
receive from any of the Post-card
Club members. —Bertha Bloodworth,
Cairo, Ga.
COLD IN ILLINOIS.
Dear Daddy Jim: —We are having
our first cold weather now. So far
the weather has been very nice. I
have an idea it has been as nice as
you have had in Georgia. I like
books better than anything else. I
would like to have one for Christmas.
I would also like to have a ring. I
am twelve years old. We have a
great many walnuts this year. I have
a sister in Washington, on Puget
Sound, a brother in Portland, Ore
gon, and a brother in South Dakota.
I have two brothers and two sisters
at home. I would like to get one of
your prizes.—Maye Price, Windsor,
111.