PAGE FOURTEEN
ern railways, wanted to lend China some of
the money.
Following his policy of making our Gov
ernment’s agents act as his agents in such
foreign negotiations, Morgan made known to
Secretary Knox his plans and Knox in turn
put our Minister and Consuls in China to
work carrying out the Morgan plan of se
curing the loan.
But like the wily Jap, the Chinaman
smelled a mouse in the deal, and the Chinese
Government has announced that the loan has
been indefinitely postponed.
Once again the greedy paws of Morgan
are mashed out of far Eastern pots of gold
before they could grasp the contents as they
have done here at home.
4i 4* * *
Unless the minority stockholders of the in
dependent telephone' lines of Ohio and In
diana are successful in preventing the Mor
gan crowd from getting their property, this
country will soon be in the grasp of a tele
phone and telegraph trust that will be about
as powerful as any we now have.
Morgan & Co. secured? control of these in
dependent lines for the purpose of merging
them withlhe Bell Telephone interests. Al
ready the Bell has control of the Western
Union Telegraph interests, and with the in
dependent lines of the West under its control,
the Bell interests would own or control prac
tically every telegraph and telephone wire
in the country, except those owned by the
Postal Telegraph Company.
If you have ever had to depend on the Bell
Telephone or Western Union Telegraph
Companies where they have no competition,
you can imagine what it will be if they get
the entire business of the country in their
hands.
As yet, the Postal is independent, and we
hope that Mr. Mackay will be able to keep
it so, but, if he is not, his prediction that the
people mill demand competition or govern
ment ownership is apt to come true, for
“greed and the love of power have too often
rendered mighty financiers deaf to the dic
tates of prudence”.
4s 4* * *
In an address at Troy, New York, Judge
Wesley O. Howard, of the New York Su
preme Court, made the following remarks:
Wanted —Farm Lands
We want farms in any part of the State, from a
ten-acre farm to a large plantation. Write us
at once, describing fully what you have . .
Atlanta Realty Investment Co.
Home Office: ATLANTA, GA. ~ .
NOTICE, FARMERS’ UNION MEN!
All members of the Farmers’ Educational and Co-Operative Union of Geor
gia, who are opposed to the present management in Georgia, and wish to
see things put right at the next State Convention, please communicate
with me. I can put you on to something.
J. GORDON SIMPSON, Quitman, Ga.
P. S. Please state your own position clearly in writing to me, and don’t ask for answer “by return
ma il”—that is impracticable, as well as unnecessary expense to me. lintend to give each of you a sealed
answer in due course of time, but wish first to compile all the letters received. This is no one-man affair, so
please suggest fully any changes in men or measures which you desire.
Curiosity-seekers need not write. J. G. S.
TJaffoxsonlan
“Governors are calling out the militia to sup
press boxing exhibitions, while the jugglery of
statutes in the same building is contributing with
other causes to raise the cost of living to the
point of bread riots.
“Waiters are forbidden to graft ten cents from
the man who sits an hour at the dinner table,
while the tax-payers are being plundered out of
millions of dollars by the jackals that prowl
around their public works.
“While the ‘direct primary bill’ is being added
to the thirty-three other dead sections of the elec
tion law, to become the plaything of the bosses,
butter and eggs are leaving the tables of the la
boring man and the smoke of sirloin steak is no
longer smelt in his kitchen.
“While legislators are consuming their own
time and the people’s money in making and in
vestigating charges of fraud, corruption and bri
bery against each other, some corporate monster
is said to be sucking the milk from the table, of
the sick room and from the crib of the infant.’’
It is so unusual in this day. and time to
read about a judge criticising a greedy cor
poration, or a court handing down a decision
against a corporation, that it attracts atten
tion all over the country.
Every word of what Judge Howard said
s true, and his language is simple enough for
the meaning to be clear to any one. What is
true of State legislators consuming their
time and the people’s money while some mon
ster corporation “is sucking the milk from
the table of the sick room and from the crib
of the infant”, is also true of our National
legislators.
While they are dilly-dallying at Washing
ton with the Pinchot-Ballinger investigation
and the proposed investigation into the high
cost of living, the corporations are sucking
the very life out of the people, whp are pay
ing them to give them relief.
4« ❖ 4: ❖
At a recent dinner of the Equitable Insur
ance agents at New Orleans, no wine was
served because Paul Morton, the President
of the Equitable, so requested.
In commenting on the above, the New
York World says:
“Yet the president of a life insurance company
advocating temperance at a private dinner may be
likened to a university president teaching ele
mentary algebra to sub-freshmen. The country
has no lack of instructors in the evils of drink.
On the other hand it has only too few professors
of financial morality in high places and of the
ethics of trust administration, the principles of
which the head of a great fiduciary society is pe
culiarly qualified to inculcate.
“Whether insurance agents or other persons
ROOFING
TO CONSUMERS AT WHOLESALE
PRICES
We Sell Direct to Consumers at Whole
sale Prices.
Note these prices:
1- Rubber .$1.40
2- Rubber $1.75
3- Rubber $2.10
1- Sanded Asphalt $1.50
2- Sanded Asphalt $1.85
3- Sanded Asphalt $2.25
Pure Asphalt Paint. . . .40c per Gallon
Coal Tar Paint 25c per Gallon
f. o. b v Atlanta, Ga.
Send us your orders; we will save you
money.
SOUTHERN STATES ASPHALT ROOFING CO.
23 S. Forsyth St., Atlanta, Ga.
should drink wine at dinner may be left to their
consciences or to the mentors whose concern such
things are. Tuition in trust morality, for which
there still exists a demand, would be , more in
keeping with a life insurance president s special
attainments.”
When one looks over Paul Morton’s Trust
record while in the Roosevelt Cabinet, the
appropriateness of the above comment is un
derstood. . .
To have a man like Paul Morton giving
moral advice to his agents is like having a
Sunday-school teacher who is an every-day
rascal.
4; 4s * 4«
Up in Boston there is a historian named
John H. Stark who seems to be robbing some
of our mortals of their halo.
This man Stark has looked up the record
of some of our Revolutionary heroes, such
as Benjamin Franklin, John and Samuel
Adams, John Hancock and Patrick Henry,
and he charges them with doing certain
things that would be called crooked or crim
inal in this dqy and time.
Benjamin Franklin, it is stated, robbed the
mails and was fired from his job as Postmas
ter of Boston, Patrick Henry was unreliable
and such a failure at three different lines of
business that he was a bankrupt at the age
of twenty-three, John Adams joined the
Revolutionists because he saw a great chance
for political advancement under the new gov
ernment, Samuel Adams pocketed five thou
sand dollars of the tax-payers’ money while
he was tax-collector of Boston, and John
Hancock embezzled a large amount while
treasurer of Harvard University.
Stark offers proof of hs assertions, and the
proof seems to be conclusive. Os course, such
patriotic bodies as the Sons and Daughters
of the American Revolution are up in arms
against Stark and he is being fiercely de
nounced for knocking our heroes from their
pedestals, but so far none have undertaken
the task of proving Stark a liar.
This will undoubtedly cause more racket
among the Daughters than the usual row over
the election of a President, General or .Queen
Regent, whichever the Boss is called, and it.
will greatly advertise Stark and his book.
While the Sons and Daughters are raising
a great row because Stark has told the truth.
Stark will be gathering in dollars by the
bushel and takin g life easy.
Those unearthly lights on the ho
rizon are the reflections from the
whites of the Democratic donkey’s
eyes as it thinks -of Bryan’s plan to
hitch it to the water-wagon.—Wash
ington Post.
Branch's Genuine Rattlesnake
WATERMELON SEED
Only Pure Strain in United States
Carefully selected. Kept pure forty
years. No other variety grown On
plantation of 1,500 acres. Pure seed
impossible where different kinds are
grown. 1 oz. 15c—2 oz. 25c—4 oz. 40c—
y 2 lb. 60c—1 lb. $l.O0 —5 lbs. $4.50 —10
lbs. $8.50 delivered. Remit registered
letter or money order. Send for Seed
Annual. Manual on melon culture with
all orders. M. 1. BRANCH, Berzelia,
Columbia County, Georgia.