cared as little for those who wore the Blue
as for those who wore the Gray. With every
tool known to labor, wealth was produced by
the workers, wording in all the varied fields
of production. The conspiring financiers work
ed in one field, only. They worked in Wash
ington City. They worked on Congress. They
wanted laws which would give to them the
lion’s share of all that should be produced in
every place where labor toiled. They wanted
acts of Congress which would Confiscate other
people’s property and transfer it to them
selves.
They got what they wanted. And that, in
brief, is the reason why those who concentrate
their energies upon the law-making, get
rich and stay rich, while tnose who con
centrate their energies upon crop-making get
poor and stay poor.
The destruction of nearly Two Thousand
Million Dollars of the paper money of the gov
ernment, which was such a blessing to the
people, but which was so much in the way of
the plotting financiers; the desolating laws of
contraction, which at every step lowered the
price of products and elevated the price of
money; the infamous deals in bonds by which
the Wall streeters periodically sheared the
people as the Shepherd shears his sheep; the
ever advancing demands of special privilege,
whose greedy beggars could never get enough;
the constant increase of taxation which has
reached no Pillars of Hercules beyond which it
dares not sail; the unequal distribution of the
burdens and the benefits of government —the
corporations getting most of the benefits and
the common people most of the burdens —these
are the main causes which have brought us to
such a pass that the unpriviledged millions live
ever within the shadow of poverty, and are
never certain, this month, that the next will
not bring the wolf of want to howl at the
door.
The Trusts.
For several years, a “Big Stick,” President
Teddy, the Strenuous, of whom I am known
to be a great admirer, has been engaged in the
alleged work of Trust busting. Where’s your
busted Trust? Which one of them aas oeen
put out of business? You cap not name it.
How can a President, who has been “standing
pat” with the Tariff standpatters do any effect
ive trust busting? You might as well try to
purge and clarify the Gulf of Mexico wimout
diverting the Mississippi. As long as you
“stand pat” as to the River, the Gulf will
“stand pat” in spite of you. Populism contends
that the Trusts are the natural offspring of
monopoly and that the only way to destroy a
Trust is to kill the monopoly. Put on the free
list those articles manufactured or handled by
the Trusts. The foreign competitor will do
the rest.
We American people—patriotic idiots that
we are —give our hearty support to a protective
policy, a Tariff system, which is a crushing
load to everybody—with two exceptions. The
first exception is, of course, the American
manufacturer, who exploits the home market
with his Trust; the second is the foreigner,
who buys American goods cheaper than we can
buy them, cheaper than he can buy the man
ufactured goods of his own country.
To our manufacturers we grant legislative
favors which enable them to so exploit the vic
tims of the home market monopoly tnat, after
putting aside a profit of eight per cent upon
the money invested, they have left, as net
profits, $2,672,000,000 —a sum three times larger
than the gross revenue of Great Britain!
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
It is a literal fact that after the beneficiaries
of special privilege get their portions of the
annual increase of the nation’s wealth, none
of it is left. The American workman brings
forth every year the prodigious sum of Four
and a Half Billions of Dollars. Yet, when we
come to examine the official reports published
by the Government, the terrible fact appears
that the specially privileged have taken the
entire amount. A bare living is all that is left
for the workman of town and country, while
to the beneficiaries of our damnable class laws
has been awarded wealth that staggers human
comprehension. If it isn’t wrong—if it isn’t
crime against humanity, if it isn’t an injus
tice which cries aloud to high heaven, and
which, unless righted, will convulse this coun
try with the bloodiest revolution that ever
shook the world, then all my reading and
study have taught me nothing.
The Money Question.
Last Fall there was a panic, in spite of the
fact that we had a greater amount of material
wealth than ever before. Bankruptcy went
stalking through the land, and the cry of dis
tress rang from sea to sea. How did our Re
publican President —our friend of the “Big
Stick” —deal with the panic? He followed
precedent, doing just what our Democratic
President, Mr. Cleveland, had done in 1893.
J. P. Morgan was Commander-in-chief of the
Wall street “patriots” who forced the panic,
last Fall, just as he was in 1893; and to Mor
gan, Roosevelt’s Administration virtually said,
as Mr. Cleveland had said, in 1893:
“If nothing else but bonds will do you, come
and get the bonds’”
What brought on the panic of 1907? The
volume of real money has been so greatly les
sened, in comparison to the country’s need
for money, that it is not difficult to “corner”
the available supply. New York did this last
* Fall. Credits of all sorts had been recklessly
extended, and when real money was needed,
New York was found to be in possession of it,
and New York held on to it. Neither banks
nor individuals could get back their own money
from New York without paying an extortion
ate price for it. How could the situation have
been relieved?
The government should have broken the
New York corner on money by issuing its own
treasury notes —just as Andrew Jackson did in
1887.
When the British were being led into that
death trap at New Orleans in 1815 and their
whole campaign was falling into wreck and
ruin, one of the Generals who had served under
the Duke of Wellington in Portugal and Spain,
cried out: “Oh, for an hour of the old Duke!”
There have been at least two occasions when
the American people might have cried: “Oh,
for an hour of the grim warrior who made that
British General feel the need of the Old Duke!
Oh, for an hour of Andrew Jackson!”
One of these occasions was when, in 1893,
a sb-called Democratic president exclaimed, in
dismay: “My God, Oates, the bankers have got
the Government by the leg!”
The other time was last winter, when the
Secretary of the Treasury was handing out
those Panama bonds —a violation of law for
which he ought to have been impeached, just
as Mr. Carlisle should have been impeached, in
1893, when the “endless chain” was filling
Wall Street’s ravenous maw with unlawfully
issued bonds!
By Treasury rulings and by Acts of Congress
our money system has been revolutionized.
The system of the Constitution has been set
aside. The Government has been made to ab
dicate one of its most important functions. It
would not be more dangerous to delegate to
private individuals the right to declare war
and make treaties, then it is to delegate the
power to control the creation and distribution
of the National currency.
Never did any Government surrender
its royal prerogative of creating money, until
the goldsmiths of London bribed a King’s
paramour to wheedle him into granting that
fatal concession. As a matter of historical
tact, the monstrous usurpation of our money
lending class had its foul origin in the dis
graceful relations which gave Barbara Villiers
her power over Charles the Second.
Our forefathers, in framing the Constitution,
denied to the states the power to make any
thing but gold and silver a legal tender of
payment of debts, yet, today, six thousand Na
tional bankers, private citizens though they
are, practically do what the Constitution for
bids the states to do. To the extent of Six
Hundred Million Dollars, they already have
their personal notes in circulation as money;
under the Aldrich-Vreeland bill, they are given
the right to issue an additional Five Hundred
Million. Think of it! Morgan, Ryan, Belmont,
Rockefeller, Harriman are national bankers, as
well as railroad owners. Under this new law,
they, as bankers, can monetize the securities
which they issue as railroad owners. You can
not monetize land, nor cotton, nor wheat, nor
corn, nor merchandise; but you can monetize
any sort of railroad bonds which have been
gathered up by the banking association and
which the Secretary of the Treasury can be
persuaded to look upon with favor. Nor is
this the worst of it. When they are given the
power to expand and contract the currency as
the Aldrich-Vreeland bill gives it, they can not
only send prices up or down, but can precipitate
a panic whenever it is to their interest to
do so. Thus our Government has deliberately
given Wall Street almost absolute power over
the 85,000,000 people of our Republic.
\\ ho would not be shocked beyond expres
sion if the Government should delegate any
other of its sovereign functions to private per
sons, to be exploited for private gain? How
long would it be before the flags of revolt
would be unfurled from the Lakes to the Gulf,
and from Ocean to Ocean, if a few of our
money Kings were allowed to handle our Army
and Navy? Such a situation is unthinkable.
Yet we have its exact parallel—with no less
terrible consequences—in the domination of
these bankers.
Search ever so diligently throughout the vast
storehouse of nature, and you will find no such
a. thing as money. Never did it exist until
Governments called it into life. Nature doesn’t
pioduce aimies; it merely provides the raw
material. Nature does not produce navies;
it only supplies 'the raw material. Just as it
has ever been a governmental function to
create armies and navies, so it ever has been
a Governmental function to create money.
To supply the nation with its currency is
not only the Government’s prerogative, but
its high and solemn duty. It is a part of the
public domain, in the loftiest and truest sense.
The bankers have invaded it and entrenched
themselves upon it. Let the Government drive
out the trespassers and reclaim the public
domain. Let the Government itself create all
the money. Every dollar thus called into be
ing will have for its security the law of Legal
Tender, the industrial demands of the entire
PAGE THREE