PAGE SIX
POLITICS AND A LITTLE HU MOK
PLATFORM OF O. H. B. BLOODWORTH,
OF MONROE COUNTY, CANDIDATE
FOR CNOGRESS.
I Favor:
Postal Savings Banks and a graduated in
come and inheritance tax.
A Parcels Post limited to the route upon
which the parcel is sold, and loop routes con
nected therewith.
An extension of the Rural Route System
and increased pay for the Rural Route Car
riers.
Such Immigration Laws as would keep from
our land undesirable immigrants of every
class.
A law which would close the mails to all
contracts for the future delivery of all farm
products when no actual delivery is contem
plated and commonly known as “Futures.”
A law requiring all banks wherein public
money is deposited to pay interest thereon.
The passage of a law that would turn into
the treasury of each of the Southern States
her proportion of the money taken from our
people by the illegal cotton tax. Georgia’s
portion of this fund is about $11,000,000. The
Legislature of Georgia could distribute .this
money to those entitled to it, and where the
heirs are all dead it could be used to pay
Confederate pensions, and to pay Public
School teachers, or for such other purposes
as the Legislature might direct.
The passage of such laws as would prevent
the Federal Judiciary from interfering with
affairs that properly belong to the State
Courts.
A Tariff for revenue only, but would labor
to have these taxes so laid as would be for
the best interests of my section. Articles of
prime necessity I would place upon the free
list and the heaviest duties on luxuries.
Trusts, manufacturing articles of necessity,
could not thrive with those articles on the
free list and competition in them open to the
world.
A prohibitionist all my life, both by pre
cept and practice, I have opposed the sale of
■whisky, have long advocated a law which
would prevent the shipping of intoxicating
liquors into dry communities, and if elected
to Congress would actively urge the passage
of such a law.
I am opposed to:
The present monetary system by which the
right to issue money is farmed out to the Na
tional Banks, enabling them to. expand or
contract the amount of money in circulation,
the big city banks to “corner” our cash and
produce a money panic at will. Believing the
right to issue money is a sovereign right re
served to Congress, I believe all money should
be issued by the government and in ample
quantity to meet all the demands of legiti
mate business. Such a system would cause
our crops to move promptly and enable us to
get foi' them their value.
To extravagant expenditure of the money
of the Government, to all subsidies and spe
cial privileges.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Money, whisky or any other thing, being
used to purchase votes.
Finally:
As a member of Congress I would con
stantly attend its sessions, carefully watch
the progress of affairs and actively oppose
every bill that I thought bad and earnestly
aid in the passage of all bills that I thought
good and for the best interests of the peo
ple.
(A splendid platform is the above. Mr.
Bloodworth toes the mark like a man who
means business. T. E. W.)
THE SPECULATIONS OF SPARROW
HAWK.
The Old Man was feelin’ better an’ was set
tin’ on his porch, enjoyin’ a quiet smoke,
when he spied Sparrow Hawk cornin’ up the
street with his waggin empty. From the at
mosphere of gloom around Sparrow Hawk, it
was a sho thing that he had sold his truck well
an’ had money in his jeans.
It’s one o’ Sparrow Hawk’s little ways that
the wuss he looks, the better he’s feelin’. He
drawed up at the sidewalk, took out his pipe,
filled an’ lit it. Then he commenced:
“Mawnin’, Colonel.” “Mawnin,’ ” re
sponded the Old Man, but as he saw some
thin’ good was afoot he got up an’ went out
on the sidewalk. Sparrow Hawk got down an ’
both of ’em set down on the kerbstone.*
Says Sparrow Hawk: “Did I ever tell you
how I come to be a-truckin ’? ”
“No,” says the Old Man; “go ahead an’
• let’s have it.”
“Well, you see, it wuz like this. I was a
farmin’ down in Spaldin’, 150 acres, pretty
good land, 40 acres branch bottom, makin’ a
livin’ an’ about a thousan’ over ev’ry year.
Had the place all paid fer an’ two thousan’
in the bank. One day Bill Burdock comes ov
er, says he, ‘Why don’t you speckerlate?’
“ ‘What in?’ says I.
“ ‘Hogs,’ says Bill.
“ ‘Don’t need to speckerlate in hogs,’ says
I; ‘makin’ money raisin’ ’em now.’
“ ‘That’s slow,’ says Bill. ‘Look here,’
an’ he drawed out some papers an’ showed
me whar he had been up to Atlanta an’ had
gone into a feller’s office thar an’ bought fer
a rise what they called ‘pork options.’ I
couldn’t understand the dockyments, nor could
Bill, exceptin’ that Bill had invested S2OO,
an’ a little note at the bottom showed that
Bill stood to win $650, es he cashed in. Says
I: ‘What you goin’ to do, Bill?’
“ ‘Cash in,’ says Bill. ‘I ain’t no hog es I
do speckerlate in ’em.’
“So Bill cashed in an’ come over an’
showed me the check. Well, that durn thing
jest natcherally stuck in my craw. Here was
Bill Burdock, not half as good a farmer as me,
had cleared $650 on a S2OO capital, inside of
thirty days. I got to dreamin’ about it an’
talkin’ in my sleep. One night Lucy (that’s
my wife) kicked me hard. ‘What you lyin’
thar mumblin’ about hogs fer?’ says she.
“Then lup an’ tells her. She wuz power-
ful discouragin’; she sho wuz. Wimmen are
curious critters. Says she: ‘You are a big
fool an’ Bill Burdock is another one, an’
you’ll both of you jest about land in the po’
house.’
“So I went over an’ coloquized with Bill
an’ the upshot of the matter was we decided
to go up to Atlanta an’ investigate. We went
up one Sadday an’ took a look around. The
fellows that Bill had dealt with had scrump
tious offices, with mahogerny furnichoor an’
brass fittin’s with gilt signs on the winders,
an’ they wuz members of about a dozen dif
ferent institootions. All that looked good.
Still I was kind o ’ leary, so I went around to
my bank an’ the cashier he told me that it was
a responsible firm, but he looked at me for a
minit an’ then he said:. ‘Ef I wuz in your
place, Mr. Sparrow Hawk, I don’t believe I
would try speckerlation. ’
“As es ’twuz any o’ his derned business,
but I suppose he meant well. Well, Bill an’
I went out an’ talked it over. Then we went
up an’ seen a young feller at the brokers’
office an’ he proved to us that if we’d put in
a thousan’ apiece we couldn’t help win $lO,-
000 apiece in next 30 days. He wuz a mighty
friendly young feller, an’ smart, tooq an’ we
wuz most persuaded, but at last we didn’t do
nothin’ that day. Howsomever, next Sadday
Bill an’ me went up to town agin. Then that
young feller showed us whar es we had taken
his advice the week befo, we would er been
three thousand apiece to the good. That
knocked us. He proved by figgers that thar
was the biggest shortage of hogs ever befo’
known an’ to buy fer a rise wuz like takin’
candy from a chile.
“So we each chucked in SSOO. Well, the
fust week we had SSOO profit apiece, so we
left it all thar an’ put in another SSOO. Then
we waited. In about two weeks we could a
quit with our money doubled, but after look
in ’ over the papers an ’ hearin ’ more about the
hog shortage, Bill an’ me wuz both game to
stay with it. We wuz tired o’ farmin’ any
way, an’ wanted to go to town to live.
“Well, the first thing we knowed, the mar
ket busted an’ went down like a failin’ rock
et. Bill an’ me hurried up to town an’ saw
our friend. He didn’t seem a bit flustered.
Said the bears had the market by the throat
for a day or two, but the strength of position
was sich that it wuz only a passin’ matter.
All we had to do wuz to set steady in the boat
an ’ keep up our margins. ’ ’
Sparrow Hawk stopped an’ puffed reminis
cently.
“Well?” inquired the Old Man.
“That’s all,” says Sparrow Hawk. “Bill
an’ me tried to keep up them margins. He’s
a rentin’ his old farm an’ I am a truckin’ —
“Hogs!” an’ he spat viciously on the
ground.
“Curus world, Colonel,” as he crawled up
on his waggin seat. “I seen that young feller
that made them figgers for me an’ Bill jist a
few days ago, an’ he had a diamond in his
shirt front as big as my thumb nail.” —Ber-
nard Suttler, in The Cotton Journal.