church in this country, is not that a fearful „
sign that the church has lost touch with the
peopled Are we going to let the American
population drift into utter Godlessness, and
content ourselves with enrolling an equal
number of Hottentots, Zulus, Hawaiians, Fi
jians, Jamaicans, Mexican greasers, Brazil
ians, Japs, Chinese and Hindus? Para
phrazing a well-known query, we ask, —
shall it pro-fit us to gain the whole
heathen world AND LOSE OUR OWN
COUNTRY?
* * *
The Eccentricities of Executive
Clemency
God forbid that we should ever protest
against a judicious exercise of the pardoning
x power. Poor human nature is so weak, and
our desperately wicked hearts so prone to evil,
that no man can feel certain that under the
same circumstances he, instead of the convict,
might not have been wearing the stripes.
Remember the exclamation of John New
ton, of England, who on seeing a felon pass
by on his way to the gallows, exclaimed, —
“But for the grace of God, I would be in
that man’s place!”
The remark is profoundly true. Let any
one of us be put in the shoes of the criminal,
and he would probably have committed the
crime.
This being so, we should incline our hearts
to mercy. In very many cases, the felon de
serves pity, and if given a second chance will
become a good citizen.
In my own career as a lawyer, I
was often called to the defense of
homicides, whose deeds were appar
ently so heinous that they had to be
speedily taken away to a distant
prison to avoid the mob violence of
an outraged community. Yet I can
recall but a single case of that kind
in which the homicide, after his ac
quittal, did not become a chastened
man and live a creditable life. Once,
in what appeared to be a peculiarly
deliberate and malignant case, I
prosecuted a white girl for the as
sassination of her paramour,—whom
she lured to her window that she
might shoot him from the dark room
in which she stood, —and convicted
her. But after the battle was over,
certain little scraps of the evidence
began to appeal to me, and certain
tones of the young woman’s voice,
and a certain expression that had
crept into her eyes during the trial,
and particularly the manner in
which she had answered one of my
questions,—made it utterly impossb
ble for me to continue with the prosecution.
At a second trial, she was acquitted, and she
married not long afterwards, and has lived a
useful, respectable life.
Such experiences, and the mellowing which
comes to all of us as we journey toward the
sunset, has brought me to conclusion that cap
ital punishment is seldom justifiable; and
THE ZATF SHOULD NEVER, — save in
the very worst cases of wilful, deliberate, un
provoked crime,— CLOSE THE DOOR OF
HOPE TO THE CRIMINAL.
But, surely, executive clemency should have
some method in its work. There should be
some principle and some system applicable
alike to every case. We regret that we fail to
discover, in Governor Smith’s extraordinary
use of the pardoning power, any intelligent
and consistent METHOD.
Why did he refuse to change the death pen
alty into a life imprisonment for Willie Rog
ers, the Savannah idiot, who killed his wife?
Was it because the victim was a woman? If
so, why did the Governor change the death
penalty into life imprisonment for Millirons,
the man of family who ravished a woman?
Nobody pretended that Millirons was an
idiot, or otherwise defective, mentally or
.•J „ " '*•* ** j." ■ 11 . >—l Ili n II ,„ • 11-■■ "-’’. ■I- '
—r -mi- " ~~
■ ' ■ . ■ . -
- lin * —m.,., .
—..———
’ ST & __
-or
m ♦ loorPw y.
gib */Tyljl ■ "S
jF* ■■ . - ;■ SK
'->1 '
*?•*«_. >. ” •' • '
.2 -5 y. \ __/ <,l
The ideal family desired by those who are grinding up women and chil
dren in the cotton mills of our own Sounthern country,—a picture
that may be duplicated in nearly every typical cotton mill town.
■;A
■QKHSTSfife; 7
■InVI i Wr 'l': wM
B »■ J‘A ~ S
GS-IkoHR 11 . Ci “ 4/
1 f 1 mJ .i > u uHL.
Typical picture of the poorly developed mill boy««,
breathing into their consumptive lungs the con
stant lint from the mill. Growing; up in ignor
ance and doomed to disease are thousands of
the HOPE OF OUR OWN LAND.
Tfyt Jeffersonian,
II it I
'Womb' M
1! I nW Wl
Iff II -1 r I jjf iHffl
t tit illiiii
-m''' : ■' Jiilnr ikMfn IW
■MEWIFFIIm
A pitiful mill scene. Pallid little chil
dren—some little more than babies—
working at night for a few cents a
week. Wouldn’t it be better to pay
the wretched white parents to send
these babies to school, than to pay yel
low parents to patronize the mission
schools?
physically. The law puts Rape side by side
with Murder; yet the idiot, Willie Rogers,
was sent to his grave while Millirons, the
bestial ravisher, was sent to the penitentiary,
from which he will be pardoned out in a few
years. Where is the consistency in clemency
like this? Upon what method does it work?
Take the case of Tom Alexander, the Au
gusta crook, who committed many forgeries
and victimized people to the amount of about
SIOO,OOO. The Governor gave him a full par
don, when his nominal confinement had lasted
only about three years, and when no actual
punishment had been inflicted upon him at
all.
More unaccountable still, is the full pardon
recently granted to Charles Fields, the mur
derer who deliberately shot down his own son,
like a dog, for no other reason than that the
• boy had married against his father’s will. As
proof of the diabolical hardness and malignity
of the murderer’s heart, we are told that at
his trial this unnatural father bitterly re
ferred to his dead son as “that damned thief.”
The boy was moving away from the parental
roof and was trying to get his clothes out of
the house when his father, from the outside,
shot him to death.
13 g) l«!
Mr. Herbert’s Empty Sleeve
The Atlanta Constitution, alluding to Hon.
Hillary Herbert, who has been chosen as the
Georgia Railroad arbitrator in the strike case,
describes him as a “Confederate veteran with
an empty sleeve.”
Isn’t that a mistake? Mr. Her
bert commanded an Alabama regi
ment in the Civil War and was, no
doubt, a good soldier; but we don’t
think that he lost an arm in the ser
vice. We knew him in the 52nd
Congress, and we certainly do not
remember the empty sleeve. Hon.
W. C. Oates, of Alabama, had that,
not Mr. Herbert.
Unfortunately, for the South,
many of the officers of the Confed
erate Army became henchmen for
the Yankee corporations, after the
struggle was over. General R. E.
Lee refused to sell his name at any
price, and quietly went to teaching
school for a living, but some of his
lieutenants were less proudly pure
and independent.
Southern men of the higher type
will always be ashamed of Generals
Beauregard and Early, who sold
themselves to the gamblers of the
Louisiana Lottery. Gen. E. P. Al
exander apparently wrecked the
Central Railroad of Georgia in the
interest of the Wall Street sharks that wanted
to gobble it up. Gen. M. C. Butler became a
lobbyist for the ship-building cormorants, who
are eternally nagging at Congress for a big
ger navy. The Alabama Federal Judge who
has been the greatest judicial foe to state’s
rights, and the most aggressive tool of Yan
kee corporations, is Thos. G. Jones, an ex-
Confederate soldier.
Col. Herbert himself is on the same line. He
was a stalwart Clevelandite, a charter-member
Gold-bug, a man who has just about as much
warmth, human sympathy, and feeling for
the common people as burns in the soft heart
of Mr. Thomas K. Scott—the Republican
white man who is making a gallant fight to
put nigger firemen ahead of white firemen.
® ® a
Liars
In the early days of this Republic, a mem
ber of Congress told a lie. That, perhaps,
would not have mattered so very much, but
the trouble was that he got caught in it. As
the thing happened in public, there was no
way of putting the lid on. The fat fell into
the fire, sudden like, and this Congressional
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE