obc. 3eff(trsonkut
/ II
VOLUME. THREE
NUMBER THIRTY-NINE
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
“By Tom Dolan
The constitutionality of the Wise
law putting a tax upon “near beer”
is being- vigorously fought. The
great interest in this matter grows
out of the fact that not only is the
Wise bill a provision in the interest
of prohibition, but the revenue aris
ing from this tax is designed to ap
ply toward the support of the con
victs so soon as the lease system is
abolished.
The bill providing for the abolition
of the convict lease system in Geor
gia is not all we could have wished,
but it is a step in the direction of
real reform and as such welcomed.
It provides a number of plans for
the care and working of the con
victs on country roads and state
farms, if funds can be provided for
these latter, and if the counties will
take their pro rata of the labor.
The number of convicts who will
come under the head of “overs” is
one feature which showed more anx
iety to get through with that extra
session than real thought in the dis
position of the question* before it.
However, the State of Georgia will
watch closely the workings of the
new plan and patiently try to perfect
all parts of it. The present bill
offers several chances to slip a cog
here and there, but our legislators
must patiently work out a solution
of all the difficulties until we have
a system equal to that of the best
anywhere.
John Temple Graves and John
Worth Kern have pelted each other
with repartee in which a gleam of wit
might be discerned under a micro
scope. John Worth declines to meet
John Temple in debate, alleging that
they settled everything except bap
tism some time ago. He might have
added that Bryan butted into the
river of Jordan on his touring and
settled even that for the benefit of
his press agent.
• —■
Dr. E. C. Cartledge, of Atlanta,
proved himself a true devotee to sci
ence by imbibing half a dozen glasses
of near beer at one sitting and then
having fellow doctors observe his
symptoms which were distinctly al
coholic. We hope no other physicians
will have to sacrifice themselves thus,
but fear there will be a tremendous
desire for self-immolation.
*
Whether or not there is a school
book trust, the fact remains that each
year #he expense of keeping children
in the public school increases. Many
of these incidentals could bo- dis-
A Weekly Raper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
pensed with by the exercise of a lit
tle common sense. Where there are
a lot of children to be started off in
school, the multitude of trifles they
are compelled to buy makes a serious
inroad. Less demand for fancy truck
would mean more money for shoes
and stockings, and boards of educa
tion should seriously consider a re
trenchment.
Governor Hughes, of New York,
was nominated by the Republicans
to succeed himself by a vote of 827
over an opposition of 182.
Evidence for and against the ad
vance in freight rates inaugurated
CANNING ORATORY.
i 'f ii/j r\
• [ I S~~*| I Y A-X 11l IR. ;
*
Voters, Fellow Citizens and Others:
I am more delighted than I can express to see so many stalwart patriots
before me on this auspiciouso occasion. Ahem! Indeed, this is the largest
assemblage by thousands that I have ever had the pleasure to meet in this
gow-eetch, ser-zzz-.county. I have come to speak—drat that fly—to address
you, to discuss with you, face to. face, heart to heart, on the palpitating
issues of the day. As I stand before you —etc., etc. —Louisville Herald.
August 1 on shipments of food prod
ucts from , the North and West into
points in the southeastern ter
ritory is being* heard in * Atlanta
this week. The railroad companies
made defendant Vnclude practically
all the roads of the two systems,
L. & N. and Southern Railway. The
tariff on flour, meat, canned goods,
grain and common necessities has been
increased from 2 to 4 cents per hun
dred, and the reasonableness or the
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, September 24, 1908
injustice of this increase is the mat
ter inquired into. An array of legal
talent is on both sides and the pub
lic is vitally interested.
Owing to his own confession of
taking Standard Oil fees, Senator J.
IL Foraker has been thrust out of
the counsels of the Republican party
and turned down as one of their
spellbinders in Ohio.
The deplorable accident which be
fell Orville Wright’s aeroplane
causes much sincere regret. Mr.
Wright was badly hurt from a fall
of over 100 feet, and his companion,
Lieutenant Thomas E. Selfbridge,
was killed. The flying machine de
mands old-fashioned heroism, and
many a life will be lost before air
is finally conquered.
St. Petersburg, Russia, is in the
grip of a cholera epidemic which is
spreading at- the rate of hundreds
of victims per day. Fortunately the
period of the time of frost can’t be
far distant in that climate now, and
the ravages will no doubt soon be
checked there for the winter’. Bitt
what spring may bring forth ill ref*
erence to this disease should be eon
sidered very carefully, especially as
to immigrant ships coming to this
country bearing the deadly germs of
the plague. Manila is also fighting
cholera, and it has likewise appeared
in Amoy, China.
Are there to be some more “hands
across the sea?” Here is China, an
cient of days, outrageously flirting
with England, and Australia showing
signs of sentimental interest in Uncle
Sam. Our fleet in Melbourne and oth
er Australasian ports met with great
warmth and apparently a marine
“entente” was at once established.
The yellow peril worries Australia
considerably. It worries some people
here and the suggested combination
ot interests for white supremacy is
evidently not displeasing-. China will
show remarkable diplomacy if she
can succeed in enlisting England as
her sympathizer if not ally. Morally
England has been the worse possible
foe to ( hina in forcing upon the
weaker nation the iniquitous opium
traffic, but the Emperor of China is
rather wide awake and progressive,
and can afford, perhaps, to overlook
former wrongs to obtain England’s
political favor. The provinces . of Z
( hina are beginning to clamor for a
constitution and the Emperor needs
to protect his throne from insurrec
tion within the kingdom and parti
tioning combinations without.
Selling wives is becoming a popu
lar custom. A New York man sold
his for $3.00, and now a Cleveland
individual disposes of a spouse to
gether with the entire furniture for
$15.00. ‘‘There was the wash-tub
and two chairs and the bed and me
all for $15.00,” said the wife. She
did not specify whether her complaint
at the small price referred to her
self or the other appurtenances. The
instances were all in the case of
foreigners out of whom we are try
ing to evolve citizens. Perhaps their
descendants several hundred years
from now will have some idea of the
sanctity of the marriage, home and
some appreciation of civic responsi
bility, but we can hardly hope for
anything in them earlier than the
2000 s.
The Hosts of Zion City, founded
by the late Alexander Dowie of malo
dorous fame, are about to swoop
down on Chicago in an effort to purify
that town. It is to laugh.
Price Five Cents