NOMINEE NO. 1.
Mr. Thomas E. Watsorl is the first real
Presidential nominee of the season. While
others are chasing delegates from one end
of the country io the other, Mr. Watson is
enabled to sit back in his rocking chair on the
veranda of his beautiful country home at
Thomson, Ga., and speculate upon divers and
sundry topics; all the while secure in the
knowledge that he alone of all the lot at this
time is a genuine candidate, approved by a
party of recognized standing.
It isn’t at all probable that Mr. Watson ex
pects to get a single electoral vote. Doubtless
he can see himself now bringing up the rear
in great shape next November. We opine,
however, that he expects to get considerable
fun out of the mix-up! Mr. Watson thinks
he recognizes among the assets of both the big
parties a number of his old political gar
ments; garments, too, that he never willingly
cast aside. Indeed, as Mr. Watson sits there
at home, “far from the maddening crowd’s ig
noble strife,” we suspect he harbors some
mild resentment toward the present owners
of those clothes; resentment because the said
clothes were “swiped,” in the parlance of
the day, and passed from his possession
through ways that were dark and tricks that
were vain!
There are some features of this present-day
contest for the Presidency that will amuse
many people besides Mr. Watson. Mr. Wat
son is apt to dig up a lot of old press com
ment adverse to the “Pops” of 1896 and
thereabout, and contrast it with a great deal
of orthodox political gospel of this day; and
it’s going to be funny reading—rich, rare, and
racy reading! We know it, without ever
having seen the inside of the Hon. Tom’s
large and studiously kept scrap-book. The
Populist candidate is an exceedingly -wise
man; he is very annoying in argument—that
is, to the fellow holding down the anti-Wat
son end of the argument. Mr. Watson has
been described as something of a hornet ip
debate. Some people dispute this; they in
cline to the opinion that he is a whole nest
of hornets.
Our idea is that the Hon. Tom will get
more fun and fewer votes out of the forthcom
ing Presidential campaign than any other
man running. We invite him to come to
Washington and see his successful rival inaug
urated next March, no matter which one of
the candidates that may be. Whichever way
the cat jumps, Mr. Watson will doubtless hold
title to original ownership in much of the
platform interwoven in the next inaugural ad
dress. —Washington Herald, April 9, 1908.
TOM WATSON’S NOMINATION.
In nominating Tom Watson for President
the populists have put their best foot fore
most. Besides, they have shown a quality
rare in politics —gratitude.
They owed Mr. Watson. He is a charter
member. He was one of th© first to raise his
voice for what is called populism. At the
time he was a young Georgia lawyer, with
brilliant prospects both at the bar and in pol
itics. He had only to remain in practice and
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
—.. SUBSCRIBE TO
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
Price $1.50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Offer
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
a member of the democratic party fill his
pockets with fees and satisfy his soul with
honors.
But conviction called him. Populism ap
pealed to him. He approved of the new de
mands, and decided to fight for them. So he
left the democracy, sold his law library, closed
his law office —the populists at that time disap
proved of lawyers —and has ever since been a
populist and with the populists has stood. He
is probably the most accomplished man in
their ranks, and represents their most settled
and all-embracing impatience with present
governmental politics. What he w'ould do as
President to all that now is, would, in the lan
guage of the poet, be a plenty.
But the populist vote alone cannot make
Mr. Watson President. In order to figure in
this year’s equation and have a chance to win
he must attract to his support all the extreme
discontent of the country. Wherever two or
three are gathered together “cussin’ the
court” and arguing for better things they
must become, if not already, Watson men.
Wherever there are republicans tired of be
ing republicans, but not ripe to become demo
crats, or tired democrats not ripe to become
republicans, they must be brought into the
Watson camp.
And then there is the Independence League.
Why should not the Hearst party support Mr.
Watson if Mr. Hearst, as stated, does not
himself desire a presidential nomination this
year? The two men are personal friends, and
in agreement on a number of national issues.
At one time report had it that Mr. Watson
had received an offer to move to New York
and associate himself in an editorial capacity
with the Hearst publications. The Independ
ence League will not act until after the Den
ver convention, but if at that time it indorses
Mr. Watson, his candidacy, in several states,
will, at least disturb the two old parties.
Mr. Watson has not, as yet, accepted this
St. Louis nomination. But, if he considers the
gayety of the nation, he will. —Washington
Star, April 5, 1908.
Man is not the creature of circumstances;
circumstances are the creatures of men.—
Disraeli.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New
ico. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity for
the Ind is trious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for sample capy.
ORM AND RANCH, OaiiM*, Tex
•
NEW MAP OF GEORGIA handsomely printed
in four colors showing new counties, for ten
cents. SOUTHERN SUPPLY CO., 1298-1300
Broadway, New York.
THE FARMERS’ UNION HYMNAL
Contains a choice collection of Farmers’ Union
songs, calculated to build up the cause of
unionism wherever sung. Price, 10 cents per
copy, sl.lO per dozen, postpaid. Round or
shaped notes. Address
A. C. NEECE, ,
Sunset, Texas, Route 5.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the Voters of the Northern Judicial Cir
cuit :
I announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to the primary to be held for
that purpose. I assure you that I will appre
ciate your support.
L. D. M’GREGOR.
EVERYBODY WANTS
PUBLISHED WEEKLY FOR THE BREEDER AND FARMFP, \
Recognized authority on Breeding, Feeding, Man*
agement and the Improved Breeds of Stock,
Special Departments for
Draft and Coach Horses,
The Beef and Dairy Breeds of Cattle,
Sheep, Swine, Poultry and the Dairy,
By able Live Stock Writers and Breeders, with the
best from Home and Foreign papers of the world’s
progress in Live Stock Husbandry.
Our Live Stock Market Report is unequaled.
Handsomely printed and illustrated.
No Stock Farmer can afford to do without it.
Published weekly. Subscription price only SI.OO,
Agents wanted in every county.
Write for sample copy. Address
THE LIVE STOCK JOURNAL
884 E. 66th ST. CHICAGO
PAGE SEVEN