PAGE SIXTEEN
NEWS AND VIEWS OF VARIOUS
THINGS.
Continued from Page Thirteen.)
about it in America, in France, in Germany—
on the high seas and only now has her new
wedded bliss arrived. When Biddy O’Rourke
is widowed, or sends Pat into banishment for
reasons good and sufficient unto herself, you
bet she takes care of the kids, even thoudi
the wash-tub and scrub-brush are her dreary
portion until they “do be gettin ’ up to phwtere
they can be doin’ for thimsilves. ” But a
creature of luxury apparently cannot find
time personally to rear the babes she bore.
Poor little fellows! The time may come when
they will become as debauched as their father,
as profligate as is their step-father;
but now they are only bewildered little
pawns in the game of divorce, and the world
has for them nothing but kindly good will.
COTTON FUTURE CONTRACTS.
The newspapers in all parts of the country
continue to discuss the report of Commissioner
Herbert Smith on the methods of the cotton
exchanges, and not one of them thus far
received by The Age-Herald attempts to
defend the New York cotton exchange’s plan
of fixed differences between spot cotton and
grades tenderable for delivery on contracts.
It goes without saying that the price of con-
Sixteen Pages Weekly
. SAMPLE FREE
TRIAL 52 WEEKS
TT&a/Tad. 77eza& Only Cents
I “If we (the South) begin NOW by supporting HOME INSTITUTIONS V
of merit it is nard to estimate the benefit that will accrue from such a policy *
in the next ten years.”—Richard H. Edmonds.
Übc Georgia Home |
Insurance Go. |
of Columbus, Ga., is a HOME INSTITUTION T
WtfiANIZED 185? NEARLY A BALE CENTURY OLB T
1 * 1,1 T 1 I
Total Assets Over One Million Dollars T
I Surplus to Policy Holders Over One-Half Million Dollars 2-
Losses Paid Since Organization Over five Million Dollars
Patronize the Georgia Home and Help IT to help YOU Develop J
the Infinite Resources es Dixie Land. X
agencies throughout the south f
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
tracts should’ be based from day to day on the
value of actual cotton, and as New York has
ceased to be a spot cotton market it cannot
well do this. Roundly speaking, no cotton is ’
sent to New York except some undesirable
and unspinhable grades which go there to be
delivered on contracts under its plan of fixed
differences. This state of things induces the
Wall Street Journal to suggest:
“In view of difficulties which the appli
cation of different standards has developed,
would not this be a fortunate occasion to
adopt some national standard by which the
whole American cotton crop might be handled,
so that all exchanges and all other interests
might be able to rely upon a common standard,
in the application of which there could be
no reasonable possibility of individual or
institutional advantages'?”
This is all very well if a national standard
is left to be devised by the men who handle
the actual cotton of the country. In other
words, New York as a controlling cotton
market must be eliminated, and the sooner
and the more thoroughly this is done the
better for all cotton producers. The entire
machine as it at present is conducted in New
York serves to depress the price, first, of con
tracts, and through them the price of spots.
The sooner the supremacy of New York in
the cotton trade is broken down the better it
will be for every fanner in the cotton belt.—
Birmingham Age-Herald.
Sketches From Roman History
In this volume Mr. Watson gives biographies
of some of the leading characters of the Ro
man Republic, and also shows the ruinous
workings of class legislation in ancient times.
sketches are of:
The Gracchi, the heroic land reformers of
Rome;
Spartacus, the gladiator who led the great
slave revolt;
Marius, the Tribune of the people;
Sy I la, the brilliant and despotic leader of the
aristocrats;
Jugurtha, the African King;
Ju I lues Caesar, the greatest of Roman sol
diers, legislators and reformers;
Octavius Caesar, the nephew who Inherited
power from the mighty Julius;
Antony and Cleopatra; the most dramatic
love story of ancient times.
Price, delivered, 50 cents.
We will mail this book as a premium to every
one who sends us two new subscribers to
the Jeffersonian Magazine at our regular price
of $1.50 each. »
We will mail the book as a premium to any
one who sends us two new subscribers to the
Weekly Jeffersonian, at the regular price of
SI.OO each.
Address: THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS'
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the Homeless. Prosperity for
the industrious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for sample copy.
FARM AND RANCH, Dallas, Texas.
— ■ ■—
Pick Up a Dollar
And mail it to us at Thomson,
Ga., and we will send you for
the next six months
The Jeffersonian Magazine and
Weekly Jeffersonian
No Commission to Agents on This Offer
TO ALL
Agents and Subscribers
Please make all remittances and address all
letters to THOMSON, GA. We get numbers
of letters addressed to’ Atlanta* Thomas,
Thomasville and Thomaston, and postal money
orders are made payable at these points, which
causes confusion and chance of loss.
Remember the address of the JEFFERSON
IAN is T-H-O-M-S-O-N, Ga.
Write plainly. We are not mind reader*.
“WINNOWED
* SONGS”... L-vJ|
The great revival song book. Beata
all others. New edition. But this
out and mail it with 25 cents for a tOfTiWcSI*
copy, or $2.50 for a dozen. Address,
J. L. MOORE. Bethlehem, Ga.