PAGE FOURTEEN
Special Campaign Offer
The Weekly Jeffersonian and the Missouri
World for one year sl.lO
The Jeffersonian Magazine and the Missouri
World for one year $1.35
Both Jeffersonians and the Missouri World
for one year $2.10
The Missouri World, published weekly, is a
straight Populist paper and is still edited by
P. J. Dixon, who established it nearly twenty
years ago.
TAPESTRY
PAINTING.
200 Beautiful Tapestry Paintings by the Most
Eminent Artists in the World to Select
From.
We can show you effects produced with
Tapestry Paintings, properly selected and
placed, NEVER before shown.
SCHOOL.
We have the finest Tapestry, Painting School
on earth. It is open every business day in the
year under the supervision of Prof. Maturo.
LESSONS.
We give SIX three-hour LESSONS for $5.
We RENT to patrons beautifully painted
Tapestries for STUDIES
TAPESTRY MATERIAL.
We manufacture and keep the largest and
best line of Tapestry material in the WORLD,
at PRICES most reasonable.
DRAWINGS.
Wa make DRAWINGS and enlarge them to
any size desired, either on Paper or Tapestry
Material ready for painting, from any subject
given us, guaranteeing absolute perfection.
CATALOG.
We have an illustrated catalog containing
over 500 Tapestry Painting subjects, gotten up
at a cost of thousands of dollars, and sold for
$1 a copy. We, however, have arranged to send
the readers of this Magazine (if name of mag
azine is sent), a catalog for the postage (ten
cents) or FREE on receipt of order for TWO
yards or more of Tapestry Material. We also
carry a full line of Paints, Brushes, Pallets,
Rest-sticks; Pantographs, and Photographic
STUDIES; any size; black and white, or band
colored.
We extend to all artists visiting our city at
any time who are interested in this line of
work a CORDIAL invitation to make our Studio
their headquarters, where they may re *,eive
their mail and do their corresponding.
MATURO-WHEELER CO.,
36 West 27th St., between 6th Ave. and Broad
way, New York City, N. Y.
Phone 2508 Madison Square.
SUIVIIVIER MONEY
If you can spar® a littl® time to do some
work for the two Jeffersonians this summer
and fall you can make good money. We have
one of the best propositions that was ever
offered to agents.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, THOMSON, GA.
You HAv,?a^>t^^l^» l Sav7^oneyjrd(e l
I J JUST AS W e s ave y° u * rom $20.00 to $40.00 on a Buggy and Guarantee every vehicle for Twelve Months. H
1 H f* Sen l A . T .?u our Complete New Catalog-lt fully describes and faithfully pictures our many beautiful “South- ■
I J jIA. 6 * efn Sty 6 /eh ‘ C eS <rom * 2500 up - The Besl Ba,,, > Bes * Finished and Lowest Priced High-class Buggies on the market
sMALSBY, SHIPP (Q, CO., Dept. F 41 S. Forsyth Street, Atlanta, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN
Virginia Homes
Learn about Virginia, Soil,
Markets, Finest Climate in the
United States.
For particulars send io cents
for a six months’ subscription
to the
VIRGINIA FARMER
Department K K Emporia, Va.
Change Your Seed Wheat
We will sell you enough seed of our im
proved, hardy, heavy yielding varieties to sow
20 acres for only SI.OO more than if you
would sow your, own wheat. Not SI.OO a
bushel, but SI.OO more for 20 acres. Send for
our offer and catalog, be convinced and order
quickly before supply is exhausted. Get a
change of Seed Wheat this year. Our wheat
yielded 50 bushels an acre against common
kinds 10 to 12 bu. in Clarke Co., Ind.; 48 1-2
bu. in Allegheny Co., Pa.; 53 acres in Rush Co.,
Ind., yielded 2,083 bu. An old farmer in Mus
kingum, Co., 0., says: “I never saw such wheat
in forty years,” etc. Ours is the largest seed
wheat house in the country. Circulars free.
Don’t wait a minute. Write today.
O. K. SEED STORE, Box 113, Indianapolis, Ind.
POPULISTS! HELP!
Many of our friends do not -wish to accept
commissions when they take subscriptions for
the two Jeffersonians. You can either give
the commission to the subscriber or we will
send you some of Mr. Watson’s best books and
our best thanks. But we need your help. Send
us as many subscriptions as you can. Send
us names of parties who will solicit subscrip
tions for us. Send us names of all those
who are interested in the cause. We need
agents and correspondents and friends and
sympathizers all over the United States.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, THOMSON, GA.
Keep Up Your French
READ Le Courtier des Etats-Unis
the official French newspaper in America. Lat
est news from Paris. SHORT AND SERIAL
STORIES. Parisian fashions. Literary con
tributions by prominent waiters.
La Cuisine Francaise. Sample copy free.
Address Mr. Alexandre, Subscription Dept, 195
Fulton St., New York City.
THE NEGRO VOTE.
There are quite a large number of papers
edited by negroes mid devoted to the interests
of their people. Many of these, probably
nearly all, oppose the election of Mr. Taft as
being Roosevelt’s representative and substi
tute. A few have been bought up to- support
him, as the paper published in New York and
formerly edited by Thomas T. Fortune, one
of the most brilliant and capable of the col
ored writers, who retired when the change of
policy was effected. Those urging the race
to assert itself print a vast amount of infor
mation regarding the present attitude of the
colored citizens, showing how their political
and civic societies, congregations, clergymen,
bishops, educators and social leaders through
out the country are encouraging a revolt with
the object of teaching the Republican party a
lesson. Perhaps the largest and finest of the
journals published by and for intelligent ne
groes is The Guardian, printed at Boston. In
a pointed editorial it clearly prescribes what
the colored voter should do:
“In this campaign the duty of the colored
man is to defeat Taft, or at least to endeavor
to defeat him, at the polls. The political fact
is that the best means, the most powerful
blow a man can strike Taft is to vote for Bry
an. It counts two against Taft. This does
not change a voter’s party necessarily. He
can do this, not as a Democrat, but as a bolt
ing Republican. He can do this, not because
he believes in the Democratic party, or even
in Bryan, but as a protest against the hostile
acts of the Republican or administration
party. ’ ’ —Buffalo Courier.
THE PRESIDENT OF MERCER UNIVER
SITY
has the following to say of Locust Grove In
stitute: “Locust Grove Institute stands in
the front rank among the preparatory schools
of Georgia. Its success in training young
men has been phenomenal. Parents entrust
ing their children to its care will not be dis
appointed.” Note —28 pupils from L. G. I.
were in Mercer last year; 21 this year. Every
member of this year’s graduating class, num
bering 17, expects to attend college. Before
deciding upon a school to patronize, write for
information to Claude Gray, President, Lo
cust Grove, Ga.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
The Texas Realty Journal gives reliable
information on entire state of Texas. Don’t
buy farms or make investments until you read
it. Three months’ subscription 25 cents.
TEXAS REALTY JOURNAL,
Houston, Texas.