she died as described in the book. The scenes
between her lover and herself, are of course
my own creation; as, also, is the scene be
tween me and her.
The account of my uncle’s illness, and his
sudden collapse, when his sweetheart died, is
literally true.
The morning when the negro called my
father to the front gate, to tell him that Jen
nie Thomas was dead, is as fresh in my mem
ory as if it had occurred last week. Uncle
Billy, as we called him, had heard the negro’s
“Hello!” and had come to the front door of
his bedroom. I can see him, now, at the part
ly open door, looking and listening, as father
and the negro talked in low tones, at the gate.
When father returned to the house, he saw
his brother, looking at him intently—stand
ing inside the room, and holding the door
open just enough to reveal the blanched face,
with its look of dread. I again hear the
young soldier ask—“ John, what did that boy
come to tell you?”
Father was one of the poorest liars you ever
saw; and his effort to “pass it off”, and fool
his brother, was an utter failure. “No,” said
Uncle Billy. “No, that’s not what he said.
I know what it was, Jennie Thomas is dead.”
He hardly spoke another word after that.
Where “Bethany” has it different, the novel
ist was indulging in the license allowed to
writers of fiction. The truth is, that the be
reaved lover took his bed, immediately, and
died within a few hours, without anything
more dramatic than uncomplaining fortitude
and submission.
Last summer, I had the pleasure of a visit
from a gentleman, named W. A. Scott, now
a resident of Richmond, Virginia, who re
lated to me some incidents of my uncle’s
great dash and daring during the War. Mr.
Scott was born and reared near here, and
he was an army comrade of Uncle Billy.
Mr. Scott had read “Bethany”, and voted it
a veracious picture of the period it treats of
—just as all the old people who have read
it, do.
(3) Edward.
In “Bethany”, I made myself much older
than I was at that time; and my father was
eliminated. The harmonies of the story made
both these changes necessary.- Os course, I
never heard those conversations between
Stephens, Toombs, Colonel Nat Crawford,
and my grandfather. I made those up.
Toombs and Stephens never had such a joint
debate as you find in the book.
There is no copy of Herschel V. Johnson’s
speech in existence. All those orations are
mine. Still, the conversations and the
speeches represent all the personages so truly,
that most readers accept the speeches as
copies. T. E. W.
A Disgrace to this Church
There came to me today, the annual report
of D. N. Asbury, Treasurer of Capitol Ave
nue Church. (Os Atlanta, I suppose.) Some
friend mailed it to me. I declare, on my
honor as a gentleman, that this report is a
disgrace to the Capitol Avenue Church.
Why ?
Because it shows that this particular
Southern congregation gave, last year, $224.79
more to Foreign Missions than the sum total
of its gifts to
(1) Home Missions,
(2) State Missions,
(3) Orphans’ Home,
(4) Ministerial Education and Mercer,
(5) Indigent Ministers,
(6) Tabernacle Infirmary,
(7) Printing and Postage.
Now think of it! Six different objects of
home mission work received only $759.80,
while Foreign Missions got $984.59 !
, Ilow much do you suppose that this Bap
tist church gave to Indigent Ministers?
The bountiful sum of $37.02.
Heftersontaifc
Is there a more pathetic figure, a more de
serving object, of church benevolence, than a
poor old wornout preacher? My God!
what a sad spectacle he is.
And this Atlanta congregation turns him
and his tottering comrades away, with a piti
ful thirty-seven dollars, while it sends to
heathendom nearly a thousand dollars, for
missionaries who live in luxury, and for Ori
entals, Mexicans, South Americans, and Afri
cans who are so tempted by the material bene
fits conferred upon them by the missionaries
that nobody can tell whether or not they pro
fess a change of heart just to get what the
missionaries furnish the “converts.” What
are some of these material benefits? Free
books, literary education, musical training,
free medicines, free medical and surgical
treatment; support and maintenance in or
phanages, asylums, and widows’ homes: often,
free hoard and lodging, as well as free educa
tion; free support in kindergartens, schools
and colleges. And “all over Africa,” they
have been BUYING little nigger orphans, to
rear and educate in the missions!
Teasing the Preachers
(No. 3.)
(1) Say, Parson, was it your hair-lifting
eloquence that so moved the congregation that
SI,OOO were eagerly contributed for the pur
pose of buying a chimes for the heathen of a
certain foreign community ?
How many of our own churches are equip
ped with chimes ?—the cluster of bells, of dif
ferent sizes and tones, which are so attuned
that in ringing them a bar of music is
sounded ?
Only a few of our churches, in the great
cities can afford to have church hells that play
a strain of music. None of our country
churches are able to have the bell-tower fitted
up with hells which cost a thousand dollars.
Yet we go down into our pockets and bring
up coin, to supply the heathen of the East
with chimes which cost that goodly sum.
Would not the illiterate, irreligious, squalid
whites and blacks of remote and backward
rural regions be as appreciative of chimes,
school-houses, medicines, medical attentions,
books and secular education as the Orientals
can be?
(2) Where do you clerical bosses of ours
get your authority to buy negro children, in
Africa, from their heathen relatives? Where
is the Scripture for this purchasing of
heathen. Did Christ say, “Go ye into all the
world, and buy up orphan children, in order
that ye may feed, clothe, shelter, and educate
them, and peradventure convert them to be
lief in me?”
If it is God’s plan to do this kind of thing,
why not buy negro orphans from their
heathen relatives, in America? There are
great numbers of such orphans, and of such
heathen relatives. One of the leading mis
sionary papers states that negro children
have been bought, in that way, “ALL OVER
AFRICA.” And the same paper published
a letter from a lady mission-worker, in Afri
ca, in which she begged for the money
wherewith to buy “Dear little Dora”—a ne
gro girl.
You can hardly pick up a metropolitan
paper without seeing an account of the starv
ing or freezing tQ death of some man, woman
or child, in one of our big cities. In many
of our towns and villages, extreme cases of
poverty and suffering can be found. Even
the rural communities, are not free from it.
What common sense, what humanity, what
Christianity can there be in buying picka
ninnies, to rear in the mission homes abroad,
when in our own national family such ap
palling conditions exist? Parson, how have
your brethren been able to pull our people
for so many millions of dollars, to support
foreign missionaries in luxury, and to draw
into your free schools, orphanages, asylums
arid hospitals so many of the destitute men,
women and children of Africa, China, Korea,
Japan, Mexico and South America? ITK A
SHAME, PARSON AY INFERNAL
SHAME. How have they been enabled to
do it?
By keeping the truth from the people.
our Dr. Lovett’s, your Bells and Grahams,
your Schofields, Crumptons, Towsons, Coreys
and Archibalds hare been deceiving their
readers. That is why the Wesleyan Chris
tian Advocate DARES NOT LET ME RE
PLY TO THE REV. IF. E. TOWSON, of
Cairo, Ga. That’s why The Christian Index
would not even allow’ Dr. E. J. Forrester’s
letter to appear. Bell and Graham could not
print what my friend, Dr. Forrester, had
written without complying with his fair and
manly request to print what I had written;
they were determined that I should not be
heard.
Parson, do you think that our people ap
prove of such narrowness, such intolerance,
such wilful and persistent determination to
deceive?
If ever the facts about the present unscrip
tural, unapostolic way of conducting mission
work comes to be generally known, the bot
tom is going to drop out.
Parson, drop a note to the editors of these
denominational papers; and tell them
whether you indorse their unjust and dis
honest policy of systematic deception.
Farmers 9 Union Bosses in Geor
gia Losing Sleep
If John Lee writes many more cards for
Duck’s paper, the people will see what he
really is. That the Farmers’ Union of Geor
gia should fall into the captaincy of such an
ignoramus, such a hot-air humbug, such a
gangling saphead, is deplorable.
Says John, sezzee:
“It has been a hard pull, boys. The little bunch
elected to conserve your interest has spent many
a sleepless night.”
John uses this touching language in refer
ence to the amalgamated warehouses. Please
look the other way, while I weep. Naturally,
I don’t like to be stared at, while I am crying.
The very thought of John Lee, Ladson,
Boodlehunter, Duckworth and the other
members of “the little bunch”, sitting up all
night long, studying out ways to “bring spin
ner and grower together”, just makes me
boohoo—l can’t help it.
“It has been a hard pull, boys.”
Yep: the “boys” went ahead and built their
warehouses; and now they have gone and
swapped the solid property for shares of
stock in Ladson’s Percheron stud-horse.
“The little bunch has spent many a sleepless
night.”
It’s a pity that each one of “the little
bunch” didn’t pull off his clothes, at nine
o'clock p. m., and stretch himself out, along
side his wife, and go to sawing gourds. Those
sleepless nights are apt to cost the farmers of
this State about as many thousands of dol
lars as the Livingston “Exchange” did. Old
Lon never rested, until he got everything
“consolidated”, in Atlanta; and the Exchange
went to smash, losing the Georgia farmers
SBO,OOO.
John Lee has been vouching for the Imple
ment Company that Carmical is trying to
run; and has been allowing Carmical to en
close in his envelopes (John Lee’s envelopes)
letters in which the officers of the Locals were
told to insist that each Local take two or
more shares of stock in the Implement Com
pany.
Why should John do that? Why does he
thus allow Carmical to make it appear that
the head men of the Union want the Local
officials to rope their members into that very
dubious concern?
PAGE THIRTEEN