PAGE FOUR
WHERE SHALL THE WIRZ MON
UMENT BE LOCATED?
As the question of placing the Wirz
monument is again before the public,
the outline of the facts in connection,
leading up to the present situation,
may be of interest:
Captain Henry Wirz was born at
Zurich, Switzerland, in 1822. He
was a graduate of the University or
Zurich and received the degree of
M. D. in the medical colleges of Paris
and Berlin. In 1849, he came to
America, settling in Kentucky, where
he began tlje practice of his profes
sion. In 1854, he married a Mrs.
Wolfe; one child, a daughter, blessed
this union. (She is now Mrs. J. S.
Perrin, of Natchez, Miss.)
Having espoused the cause of the
Confederacy, he enlisted June 16,
1861, in Company A, Fourth Batal
lion, Louisiana Volunteers. Aft°r
partially recovering from a wound re
ceived at the battle of Seven Pines,
he was promoted to a captaincy, ‘‘for
bravery on the field of battle.” For
a while, he was in charge of the mili
tary prison at Richmond, Va. Later,
he was sent to Europe by President
Davis to carry secret dispatches to
the Confederate commissioners, Sli
dell and Mason. On April 12, 1864,
he was ordered to take charge of the
interior of Andersonville prison. At
the close of the war, in 1865, Captain
Wirz was still at Andersonville, his
family being with him. On May 7,
1865, he was arrested, in direct viola
tion of the terms of surrender made
between Generals Sherman and John
ston, and placed under guard at Gen
eral Wilson’s headquarters at Macon.
A few days after he was sent to
Washington, 1). C., and placed in the
Old Capitol prison. Ou November 6,
after a long trial in Which evidence
favorable to the prisoner was elimina
ted, he was convicted on charges of
excessive cruelty to Federal prisoners,
and hanged November 10, 1865. Cap
tain Wirz met death without a tre
mor, scorning to purchase the liberty
offered him if he would implicate Jef
ferson Davis as the cause of the suf
fering at Andersonville.
James Madison Page, a lieutenant
in the Sixth Michigan Cavalry, and
who was for seven months a prisoner
at Andersonville, completely vindica
ted Captain Wirz in a book published
in 1908, “The True Story of Ander
sonville Prison —A Defense of Captain
Wirz.” Notwithstanding the fact
that Lieut. Page’s vindication of one
who suffered a malefactor’s death
means the condemnation of the gov
ernment which brought about this ig
nominious execution, the courageous
author unhesitatingly brands as false
the monstrous charges brought against
Captain Wirz by th(| Federal govern
ment, and bravely asserts that he was
doomed before he was tried (?).
At the U. D. C. convention in Ma
con, October, 1905, Mrs. L. G. Young,
of Savannah introduced a resolution
with regard to the building of a mon
ument to Captain Henry Wirz at An
dersonville, Ga. Miss Anna Benning,
of Columbus, moved that the Georgia
Division iat once take the initiative,
and erect at Andersonville a monu-
Under The Vine and Fig Tree
Conducted by Grace Kirkland
ment which shall stand as a protest
of the South against the slanders a.nd
falsehoods displayed at that place.
Mrs. Young’s resolution is as follows:
Whereas, Captain Henry Wirz,
commandant of the Stockade Prison
at Andersonville, Ga., was judicially
murdered under false charges of cru
elty to prisoners, an,
Whereas After an interval of forty
years, these false charges are re-itera
ted on sign-boards in public places,
from the pulpits and on monuments;
therefore, be it
Resolved, That the United Daugh
ters of tihe Confederacy, in Georgia,
use their influence to obtain the nec
essary funds to place a suitable me
morial to Captain Wirz in Anderson
ville, Ga., upon which a statement of
facts shall be engraved in enduring
//ST LAZIN' IN THZ SPRING
JAKE H. HARRISON
When the redbuds gits to bloomin’ An’ I’d like to go a-fishin’,
In the bottoms in the spring, With a fly hook an’ a line,
An’ along the buddin’ hedges An’ a pole made out o’ paw paw,
All the birds begin to ting; Long an’ straight, an’ slim an’ fine,
An’ the fish begins to flutter An’ a gourd to carry bait in,
In the shatters on the creek, An’ some streaked middlin’ meat,
I slhore want to quit all workin’, An’ some cold corn bread an’ onions,
An’ jist laze around a week. Jist to take along to eat.
I jist want to lie an’ look up Golly! Wouldn’t that be pleasure,
At the blueness o’ the skies, Pleasure fittin’ for a king,
An’ to feel the green a-restin’ Jist to lie a-doin’ nothin’,
That thar feelin’ in my eyes, jist hear the blue birds sing.
That has been thar all the winter — An’ jist see the green a-growin’
What to call it I don’t know, On the hedges an’ the trees,
But it’s that thar kind o’ achin’ An’ grow drowsy in the sunshine
’At you feel while seein’ snow. . From the hummin’ o’ the bees.
An’ the greenness seems to he’p it, Talk about that town o’ Heaven,
Seems to drive the pain away; Saint John writ about so much,
An’ the blue sky up above me, ’Bout its walls o’ shinin’ jasper,
An’ the smilin’ breezy day, An’ its pearly gates, and such;
Makes me want to own a million, But I tell you ithey’s no hap’ness
If great riches is a pest, That can greater comfort bring,
So ’at I can lie in comfort, To a poor ol’ wore out farmer,
An’ jist rest, an’ rest, an’ rest! Than jist lazin’ in the spring!
brass or marble, showing that the
Federal government was solely re
sponsible for the condition of affairs
at Andersonville. Be it further
Resolved, That as four Federal pris
oners were permitted to go from An
dersonville to Washington to plead
for an exchange of prisoners, and
when refused a hearing, returned to
prison, thus keeping their parole, a
tribute to their honor be inscribed on
said monument.
The report of the Design Commit
tee, as read at the Augusta conven
tion, in 1907, is as follows:
The proposed Wirz Monument is to
be 12 feet square at the base, and to
stand 35 feet high from grade line or
level of the earth. Two hundred
words to be included at price named,
$2,250. Said monument to be made
of Georgia granite and to be erected
at Andersonville, Ga.’, on the plot of
ground as shall be designated. The
monument to be completed on or be
fore Jiwe 1, 1908.
When the Wirz monument discus
sion came up at the U. D. C. conven
tion in Americus, in 1906, Mrs. J. D.
Mathis, of Americus, reported that
Heffersontan
the committee for the selection of site
found such a of opinion as
to where the monument should be
erected, they preferred an expression
from the convention.
The delegates, remembering the
original resolution, offered at Macon,
thought only of one site, Anderson
ville. However, Americus was ad
vanced as a site by those who claimed
that the placing of the shaft at An
dersonville would not only antagonize
the North, but that it might be de
faced by the hordes of negroes who
visit that place on Decoration Day.
The question, “Shall the proposed
monument to Captain Wirz be erected
at Andersonville?” was voted on; re
sult, twenty-one for Andersonville,
twenty-four against. When the mat
ter was later re-opened for discussion,
Miss Baxter moved that “the decis
ion for the selection of the site for
■the Wirz Monument be carried over
for the next convention,” which mo
tion was carried. At the next con
vention, which was in Augusta, 1907,
the question as to whether the action
of tihe Macon convention, relative to
the placing of the shaft at Anderson
ville, be rescinded, was voted on. Re
sult: forty against rescindment, nine
for. The decision was, therefore, re
corded for Andersonville as the site
for the Wirz monument.
At the convention of 1908, in Sa
vannah, the question was again
brought up for discussion, since some
of the chapters had asked for recon
sideration of the action taken in Au
gusta. A motion to rescind this ac
tion was made and carried. Result
of vote which followed: 92 for re
scindment, 73 against. Three sites
were presented Americus, Macon
and Richmond, but before these sites
were voted on, Mrs. Walter Lamar,
of Macon, who had presented Macon
as a site, withdrew, in favor of Amer
icus. Americus was then voted on,
receiving twenty-four votes, where-
upon Mrs. Lamar announced that Ma
con was again in the field. It was
then seen that Mrs. Lamar’s action
in withdrawing Macon from the race,
was a ruse by which the strength of
Americus was to be tested. Ameri
cus then consolidated with Macon,
when the latter was voted on, with the
result that Macon received thirty-six
votes. As there were forty votes cast
for Richmond, the decision in favor
of that place was considered final. A
committee was at once named and in
structed to confer with the proper au
thorities of Richmond regarding’ the
selection of a site for the monument
and to ascertain the cost of transpor
tation, etc. A site in beautiful Holly
wood Cemetery —a place rendered pe
culiarly appropriate as that (hallowed
spot where lie so many of the South’s
heroes, awaiting the last trump—was
offered, but the further progress of
the committee was retarded by an
order sent by the state president to
Mr. Clark, of the Clark Marble Yards,
at Americus, requesting him not to
permit the monument to be sent out
without an order from herself. Some
of the chapters, it seems, unwilling
that the shaft should go out of the
state, had asked for an extra session
in order that the decision might be re
considered. The exetra session has
been called for March 11, in Atlanta. -
Those who voted for Richmond, nat
urally claim that no Georgia site, ex
cept Andersonville, has any claim to
the Wirz monument. Captain Wirz
did not serve the state of Georgia; he
served the Confederacy. They voted
for Richmond (when all hope for An
dersonville was lost) because they
deem it fitting that the shaft to the
Confederacy’s martyr should stand in
Hollywood Cemetery, where lie the
remains of him for whom he gave his
life —Jefferson Davis. Those who op
pose Richmond, say it should remain
on Georgia soil because it was erect
ed by the Georgia Daughters of the
Confederacy; however, the impression
that the Georgia U. D. C. furnished
neous. Contributions were received
all the money for its erection, is erro
from the U. D. €. from all over the
Union; there were many individual
donations also, and they were all giv
en for the monument to be erected at
Andersonville. The name of Wirz is
so inseparably linked with that of
Andersonville that to place his monu
ment in Macon, Americus or any oth
er Georgia city, were the height of
incongruity. It was found that a
false report had gained ground at the
Savannah convention that Anderson
ville did not want the monument. This
EGQS FOR HATCHING
From Buff Orpingtons and Buff Rocks.
Eggs $3.00 per 15, $5.00 per 30. Sat
isfaction guaranteed. Will give one
year’s subscription to Reliable Poultry
Journal with each order. H. J. KING,
Commerce, Ga.
SYS)This ELEGANT Watch
cEKIt WCZSF Hunting UU beautifully engraved, gold lluiahod through
fnlt- 5 J* out,thin model, stem Mad and etem eat. Sited with a rich.
Hjg jjgSSiSpj. ly movementguaxanteedSOyoaue.wifhloag
gu,<i P lat<<l chain for ladlee or vaet olialn fer genta
! F YOU SEE IT VOU WILL BUY IT
jgfraWra'WJigUjnUyi bet ue eend 11C. O. D. by expreaa for your examl
nation and If you think It a bargain and equal In
sE<g3WC>KeOdlß > PP e>r * n ce to any 11&.U9 gold ailed watoh pay the
WSSf^lMlltjai^g expreae agent our special cample prioe 13.50 and
exprecaohargoeaud It la youra. Our2o year guaran-
“ e asd chft<Q Mllt wlth '“ h watch. Send your name
YMflWFyMpfgjMy P°'t c® o6 »nd expreaa office adduce, mention If you
’•jgjaEgjWr wlen Genu or Ladlee dee and wo will tend at onoo
C FAKBRH A22, 225 Dearboroßt Chicago,Hi.