PAGE SIX
To the Populists of the United States, Comrades:
In a recent issue of this paper 1 had some
thing to say in regard to a special experi
mental work in which I was then engaged.
I am now able to report the results of three
and a half weeks of strenuous party work.
I made up a list of twenty-three counties with
out reference to whether or not they were
strong or weak for populism, hence I regarded
and still regard the test I made a fair one.
I secured the names and addresses of Old
Guard Populists in each county, sent them
explanatory letters, and asked them to hand
or mail them to their Populist neighbors. The
letters gave my dates, so that each person
receiving one was advised when I was to be
in his town to meet him and other Populists
of the county in conference. I had to call
in my appointments in three of the counties,
to meet the views of our friends in them, but
in each of the other twenty counties I suc
ceeded, either in reorganizing the County
Committee, or definitely arranging for such
organization, and also for the organization
of an Old Guard Populist dub in and for
every voting precint in the county. In this
way, a rallying point for Populists and other
real reformers in each community was or will
be secured. I visited six counties per week,
and in each of them I found about the same
conditions existing. That is to say, except
in a very few cases, those who in former
years were Populists are Populists still,
willing, ready, even impatient, to get back
in touch with other Populists, in and out of
their home counties and state. By reason
of the fact that there has not been, for some
time, even one Populist paper published in
the state, that kept the Populists of the state
in touch with each other, they have been
badly scattered and demoralized, but I know
now that all they need is to be shown, each
one, that his neighbor Populist of former
years is willing and ready to get back into his
lighting clothes, and on the firing line and he
is ready to do the same thing. 1 have
learned by correspondence with our friends
in quite two hundred other counties of Texas,
that, practically the same conditions exist in
them as in the twenty counties above men
tioned. This means, that, if organizers shall
go into each one of them they will be able to
accomplish in them what I accomplished in
the said twenty counties. 1 wished to deter
mine whether or not our friends would take
care of the necessary expenses of organizers
who might visit their counties, so to that end,
1 started from my home county with only
cash enough to pay my expenses to the first
county on my list, and I am now able to
report, that, all of my traveling expenses
were promptly and cheerfully taken care of
by the Populists whom I met in conference.
In view of the facts as stated above, I
now beg leave to offer some suggestions,
based on my experiences as abo.ve set out,
as follows:
FIB ST. There are 2,884 counties in the
United States, and an average of quite twenty
voting precincts to the county, This means
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
that there are about 57,680 voting precincts
in the United States. One man can visit
and meet in conference with six counties per
week, but even at five per week it will mean
that it is quite possible for our several State
Committees each to select, interest and arrange
with earnest Populists of their states, to visit
five or six counties each, and work up county
and precinct organizations in each of them,
just as I did in the-' twenty Texas counties
visited by me. My earnest recommendation
is that each State Committee will take action
and in the way suggested and have each
county in its own state reorganized for
populism. This can be done, and I earnestly
hope it will be so done without delay. If this
shall be done, it will mean that in practically
every community in every county of the
United States there will be an organized club
of three to five or more earnest Populists to
serve as the campaign committee of its voting
precinct. If they shall succeed in securing
only an average of twenty votes to a precinct,
it will mean more than a million votes alto
gether, and I believe that twice as many can
be secured. In 1896, only four years after
the organization of the People’s Party at
Omaha in 1892, the People’s Party nominee
for Governor of Texas received 238,652 votes,
and since my trip as above outlined I know
that nine out of every ten of these still alive
and in Texas, can be gotten back in line, and
that in the other states the same proportion
of populist voters of former years can be gotten
to the polls this year for our Watson-Williams
electoral ticket. The serious question however,
is, will the necessary steps be taken to secure
that much desired result?
SECOND, I recommend most earnestly that
the Chairman of the several State Commit
tees, or some representative of each committee,
meet in conference as early as possible in
August, and agree on plans for the campaign
of 1908.* I take the liberty to suggest August
15, as the time, and St. Louis, Mo., as the
place, and that State Chairmen who are
willing to attend such conference will write
to our National Chairman, Jay W. Forrest,
at Albany, New York, and advise him of their
willingness and readiness to do so. I have
not consulted with him on the subject, but I
have no doubt of his willingness to arrange
for such a meeting if it shall be agreed on.
THIRD, I further suggest, that, when
County Committees and precinct clubs shall
be organized, each member shall be asked to
sign a pledge to contribute whatever sum he
is willing to give this year for campaign
purposes. I cannot believe that any true
populist will hesitate to give something. Let
ns suppose that every voter in the United
States, who sincerely believe in the principles
of populism, will give as much as one dollar,
and it will mean that such an organization
as I have above suggested can and will be
secured, and that will mean the most far
reaching and compact organization ever yet
secured by any political party in this country.
What do you all say, comrades? Shall we
get busy, and stay busy, and put our party
organization in first-class working shape for
the campaign of 1908, and for future cam
paigns ?
In this connection I will state, that, acting
under the authority of our National Commit
tee, 1 have succeeded in getting the names
and postoffice addresses of some of the Old
Guard Populists in quite two-thirds of the
counties of the United States. I have hoped
to be able to send county lists to each county
for revision, but I have had almost no party
funds for paying the necessary expenses
incident to my National Club work, hence,
1 have not been able to secure such revision
of lists. However, State Chairmen, who
shall care to have such names as I now have
on my lists, will be furnished them, in the
order as they may be called for, if they will
pay only the actual cash expenses of having
such lists made up. typewritten and for
warded. I will make no charge for my part
of that work.
Hoping earnestly, and believing that the
People’s Party will be reorganized in every
county of the United States for the campaign
of 1908, and that a large vote will be secured
this year for populism, I am,
Very sincerely yours,
H. L. BENTLEY,
President National Federation of People’s
Party Clubs.
THE HOLLOWAY BROTHERS’ BAND.
If Hon. J. J. Holloway, of Clem, Georgia,
the widely known and beloved Populist, is
not to be congratulated on his bunch ,of boys,
we don’t know who is. There are nine
brothers in the family, and eight of them at
home. These boys have grown up together,
gone to school together, entered society to
gether and have all their lives done things
as a unit. The eight brothers who live in
Clem—L. A., C. R. W. J., J. 0., H. W., J. T.,
I). R. and B. W. Holloway—decided some time
ago to form a band from their own ranks,
and as they all possess marked musical
ability, the venture has been a pronounced
success, as well as affording them pleasure
trips and fun. They will lend lots of life
and enthusiasm to many a Populist meeting
throughout the campaign, and it is pretty
certain that they will all be as staunch
Jeffersonian Democrats as is their daddy.
There is a great and growing demand for
telegraph operators, especially of the compe
tent sort, and we are glad to see that the
Southern School of Telegraphy, located at
Newnan, Ga., is doing creditable work in turn
ing out pupils and helping to supply the de
mand. The school issues descriptive litera
ture, which will be sent to any young man
who is thinking of entering the telegraphic
field. Their advertisement, which will be
found in another column, gives some interest
ing particulars about the school and its work.