Independence Party's United Front
Brother Hearst stood by his guns, and made
a platform and nominated candidates, as we
predicted he would do. That is to say, the
Independence Party, in National Convention
assembled, did these things. Our reference to
Mr. Hearst as a dominating factor was inad
vertent. We learn from the Journal, upon
the solemn authority of Mr. Brisbane himself,
who was there, with Mr. Shearn and Mr. Max
and the rest of them just looking on, that
there was not a vestige of bossism in the con
vention. The delegates were untrammelled;
not a shackle in sight. Everybody wrote the
platform; anybody could be a candidate. It
must have been a grand sight. We wish we
had gone. But, despite the complete freedom
of thought and action—complete except on the
part of the Bryan man from Kansas, who
promptly got the hook —there was no unseem
ly wrangling. Evereybody seemed to agree
perfectly with everybody else, and all went
away pleased and contented with the results
of their unsuggested meditations and unham
pered doings. The platform is fine. It goes
a little farther than Bryan’s in some partic
ulars, but is easier reading because it saws
less air. The candidates, we are assured by
Mr. Brisbane in his biggest type, are Able
Men. Mr. Higsen, or Hisgen, the nominee
for President, is certainly a vote-getter in
Massachusetts, and the Springfield Republican,
which is printed just across the river from
where he lives, regards him with tolerant con
sideration. Mr. Hisgen may never become
President, but his descendants from generation
to generation will rejoice over these valued
evidences of approval seldom bestowed upon
mere man by our discriminating contempo
rary. Mr. Higsbee indicated his line of battle
when he returned home and the neighbors
came out and cheered. ' After Miss Julia
Griffin, daughter of Simon J. (not Solomon
B.) Griffin, had presented a bouquet to the
wife of the candidate, Mr. Hisgen stepped for
ward and spoke as follows:
“I would not be human if I failed to re
spond to this exhibition of good will. It is
not necessary for me to say that this is a
glowing tribute.
“I heard the other day of a lady who, aft
er reading the speeches of Hughes, Taft, and
others, and then mine, said that she had de
cided to strike her colors and support me.
The other day I was pointed out to this lady,
and she said, ‘ls that Tom Hisgen? Why,
he looks like a farmer.’ Now, I may look
like a farmer, but nobody can accuse me of
being an office-seeker.
“I believe that office-seekers are a lot of
cowards. They have to look when they get
up in the morning at a fin rooster to see
which way the wind blows to see which way
thev will vote.
«/
“There is one good that the Independence
party has accomplished if it lias done no
other. It will make the dominant party be
good if it cannot be the dominant party it
self.
“Among all birds, insects, and animals it
is noticeable that they all get out of the earth
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
enough sustenance for themselves, and do not
try to deprive the other birds, animals, or
insects of their living. But there is one self
ish animal. It is bent on raising prices, lim
iting wages, and robbing the working people.
Even a hog after it has got its feed will go
over into one corner of the trough and lie
down, giving the other bogs a chance.
“The Declaration of Independence gives to
every man the right to life, liberty, and hap
piness, but with John D. .Rockefeller against
you it is not safe to try to pursue happiness
in the oil business or you will lose happiness
and, life with it.”
The part about birds and insects reads like
an excerpt from a Brisbane editorial, but the
hog illustration, we guess, is original. As we
make him out, Mr. Hisgen thinks it is high
time for Mr. Rockefeller to go over to the
shady side of the barnyard and lie down and
give him and the “other hogs” a chance.
This seems reasonable. Also as a platform
it has the merit of brevity. We hope Honest
Tom will come to New York and make a
speech. Though of course utterly incapable,
he is reputable as a candidate, and we should
like to see him pound the Octopus in its lair.
The nominee for Vice President, Mr. John
Temple Graves, is a Georgia journalist of dis
tinction and a gifted orator, temporarily en
gaged, we understand, as a contributor to the
New York American, Chicago American, Bos
ton American, and San Francisco Examiner.
Mr. Hearst frankly approves the ticket
placed in the field by the Independence Party
in National Convention assembled; so do Mr.
Brisbane, Mr. Shearn, and Mr. Max. The or
ganization, therefore, presents what Mr. Bris
bane would call a United Front. —Harper’s
Weekly.
THE GREAT CONVENTION OF THE PEO
PLE’S PARTY OF THE STATE OF
MISSISSIPPI HAS BEEN HELD.
The Electoral Ticket of Watson and Wil
liams has been nominated, and will be on the
Official Ballot.
Now let every Populist in the State stand
up and be counted, for Populism has come
again.
We have tried and true men in our party,
and men who sympathize with us and deplore
our seeming helplessness, who have gladly and
fearlessly gone on our Electoral Ticket for
Watson and Williams. They are men of
character; men who have braved public
opinion; men who have all been ostracized
because of their opinions. The iconoclast or
Radical has, in times gone by, proved to be
right in the long run. We feel that we are
right; we know we are right and it is our
duty to proclaim our rights.
We find that, in 1824 in Andrew Jackson’s
independent race, in one District there were
only two Independent Democrats, and they
went to “Old Hickory” to know what to do.
and he replied: “One of you call a meeting,
the other present resolutions, as both of you
are entitled to vote, and you will find that
there will be more than you two to vote.”
And we find further, in 1860, that there were
only eight men in Springfield. Illinois to
ratify Abe Lincoln’s nomination.
Now. let me say to you men, Be brave, and
on election day, in November, 1908, come out
and vote your honest convictions.
Yours for the cause of humanity,
R. BREWER.
Chairman State Executive Committee of the
People’s Party.
Prairie Point, Miss., July J. 190 S.
ALABAMA POPULISTS.
All Alabamians who believe in the principles
of Jeffersonian Democracy, and desire to sup
port Hon. Thos. E. Watson, the greatest advo
cate of those principles, for President of the
United States, are requested to send their
names and address to the undersigned at
Opelika, Ala.
We want Alabama to give Mr. Watson a good
vote in the November election, and we can not
hope to do the greatest amount of good unless
we organize. Act quickly, for our time is get
ting short. J. ROY McGINTY.
Opelika, Ala., July 20, 1908.
POPULISTS' HELP!
Many of our friends do not wish to accept
commissions when they take subscriptions for
the two Jeffersonians. You can either give
the commission to the subscriber or we will
send you some of Mr. Watson’s best books and
our best thanks. But we need your help. Send
us as many subscriptions as you can. Send
us names of parties who will solicit subscrip
tions for us. Send us names of all those
who are interested in the cause. We need
agents and correspondents and friends and
sympathizers all over the United States.
"THE JEFFERSONIANS, THOMSON, GA.
THE GREAT
Southwest Magazine
Is the only High Class, Illustrated, Literary
Magazine in the Southwest, which is devoted
exclusively to its Romance, History and Devel
opment.
Our ’’Clearing House Department” gives In
valuable information to the Health Seeker,
Home Seeker and Investor about cities in Ne
braska, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, California, Texas, Arkansas, Okla
homa, Missouri and Kansas, to which our maga
zine is devoted.
Circulation 60,000 monthly. Best Advertising
Medium for those wishing to reach people of
modest means, as well as the rich on ranches,
in small towns and large cities of the South
west. A third of our circulation is now in
Eastern, Middle, Western and Southern States.
Subscription price SI.OO a year. Send 10
cents for copy of latest issue showing valuable
premiums for yearly subscribers.
THE GREAT SOUTHWEST MAGAZINE.
1840 California St., Denver, Celo.
Cash for Your Property.
If you want to buy, sell, or exchange prop
erty of any kind, anywhere, or if you want a
partner, additional capital, or a location, send
10c for 3 months’ trial subscription to The
World. Full of information for buyer and
seller. Address Farm and Real Estate World,
400 Cleveland Ave., Chicago, 111.
PAGE SEVEN