PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian,
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga,,.January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
<TKAOC~2
ATLANTA, GA., JANUARY 28, 1909.
An Unfettered Press.
When the British ministry, in 1810, were
resorting to suppressive measures to check the
progress of democratic principles, a bill was
introduced into Parliament to shackle the
press. Against this bill Richard Brinsley Sher
idan made an impassioned speech which thrill;
ed the House. Said he, alluding to the reac
tionaries of that day,
“Give them a corrupt House of Lords, give
them a venal House of Commons, give them
a tyrannical Prince, give them a truckling
Court, and LET ME BUT HAVE AN UN
FETTERED PRESS, AND I WILL DEFY
THEM TO ENCROACH AN HAIR’S
BREADTH UPON THE LIBERTIES OF
ENGLAND.”
The great Irish orator was right. No per
sonal government, no divine-right tyranny, no
military despotism can exist and flourish where
there is freedom of the Press. _
With a censored Press, Russian bureau
cracy can perpetuate itself at a time when lib
erty is enlightening the world. With a cen
sored Press, the Manchu dynasty can maintain
itself in China. Neither in Russia nor in Chi
na would despotism be possible were the Press
unfettered.
What is the most grewsome epoch in the
history of our own race? The Dark Ages.
And what made them dark? The absence of
freedom —freedom of conscience, of thought,
of speech.
The king and his noble enslaved the body
of the commoner, while Pope and priest en
slaved his mind and conscience. There being
no liberty of action, or of soul, the light went
out of the sun and the European world lived
in a vast and paralyzing eclipse.
What put an end to the Dark Ages, and be
gan the enfranchisement of mankind? The
discovery of gunpowder and the printing press.
Cannon and muskets pulverized the mailed
aristocrats, and thundered the great doctrine
of equality. The printing press armed the
common man with weapons which paganism
and superstition could not resist. The armored
Knight, and his moated and walled castle fell
as gunpowder made its way among men. The
monstrous privileges and impositions of the
priest melted as the printing press poured its
light upon the abuses and the usurpations of
the Church.
Without the press, Martin Luther could nev;
er have established the Reformation. Without
it, the glorious work of Rousseau, Voltaire and
Diderot-could never have been done. Without
it, the Ancien Regime could never have been
overturned.
When a Napoleon reaches the period when
he can brook no opposition to his will, he sub
sidizes and censors the newspapers, banishes
Madame de Stael, and shoots the bookseller,
Palm. When Bismarck grows too great to re
gard the will of the people, he muzzles the
press and makes lavish use of the “Reptile
fund.”
True as Holy Writ are the words of Sheri
dan. Despotism cannot flourish under the
scorching light of an unfettered press. The
t3l)e 'Sftffersonlan
letters of “Junius” proved it; the success of
Dean Swift proved it; the influence of such
books as “Uncle Tom’s Cabin” proves it; and
it was but a few months ago that we saw a
weekly paper in Berlin shake the Kaiser’s
throne to its foundations.
Because the Federalists —in the days of
Adams and Hamilton —undertook to fetter the
Press, the democracy, led by Jefferson, won
control of the Government, and held for half a
century. The Sedition Laws, under which
President John Adams cast editors into dun
geons, were not more, undemocratic than the
policy of repression which is now foreshadowed
in the prosecution of the New York World.
It is the patriotic duty of men of all parties to
resist any effort to shackle the Press.
Civilization rests upon liberty—liberty of
person, of thought, of speech. To liberty of
speech, the freedom to print is a necessary ad
junct. Without the one, the other is incom
plete. Restraint of freedom to print, should go
no further in principle than go those necessary
restraints which the law places upon liberty of
person and of conscience.
In every state of this Union there are laws
which punish those who abuse the freedom of
the Press. In the Federal statutes will be
found laws of like kind. These regulations are
a sufficient safeguard for pirate individuals and
for government officials.
Further than this, we cannot go without re
leasing public servants and private citizens
from that admonitory observation, criticism
and censorship which is so necessary to keep
keenly alive to the fact that every citizen, pub
lic or private, is responsible to his fellows for
the kind of life he leads.
M H *
To the Cotton-Growers.
Why won’t you chip in a dollar apiece, and
send cotton to twelve cents?
You can do it, and it won’t take much time,
either.
Didn’t The Jeffersonian tell you that the
psychological moment had come? That was
two weeks ago. The price was then sagging,
and the bears were jubilant. But almost before
the editorial reached you, the market had
stiffened. See, now, how the tends up
ward. Suppose you had taken our advice, and
had put two million dollars into Sully’s hands
for a bull campaign! Cotton would now be
eleven cents, on its way to twelve and thirteen.
Don’t you see it?
But you say, “Most of us had to sell our
cotton. The advance in price would do us no
good!”
How short-sighted you are, when you take
that view. If you will even now, take our ad
vice, chip in a dollar apiece, and start your bull
campaign, you will revolutionize the situation
of cotton for this year AND ALL OTHER
YEARS.
The moment the spinners see that you have
cut loose from such spinner-decoy-ducks as
Harvie Jordan, and are bent on fighting your
own battle, leaving Mr. Spinner and his Harvie
Jordans to paddle their own little canoe, they
will know that you are on to their game.
They are short on actual cotton. No matter
what lies the newspapers print, take our word
for that,—THE SPECULATORS AND
SPINNERS ARE SHORT ON ACTUAL
COTTON.
If you will take the practical course, and
start a bull movement now, you can get 12 cts
for what cotton is left on your hands, and you
will be certain to get 12 cts, AT LEAST, for
the crop of 1909.
Once you whip the Spinner and Speculator,
it is easier to do it again.
BOYS, LET’S GIVE ’EM A FIGHT!
If you of the Farmers’ Union will put into
the campaign one dollar each, The Jeffersonian
will come along with a thousand dollars.
It is so easy to whip Harvie Jordan and
Joe Hoadley and the Spinner-Speculator
crowd, if you’ll just OPEN YOUR EYES,
THROW OFF YOUR COAT, AND GO AT
IT RIGHT. *
•e n
Danger In the Sanitarium.
A book more impressive than Dante’s In
ferno is Charles Reade’s “Hard Cash.” Dante
pictures the woes of men and women who
lived centuries ago. For their fate one can,
feel no more than a vague and general-sym
pathy. But Charles Reade describes the hor
rors of living hells, wherein men and women
of our own day are tortured, and done to
death. In England, these dungeons are known
as private mad-houses. Confined within the
walls of these, will be found unfortunate hu
man creatures who are not insane, but who
have been buried alive, by relatives or others
who wished to get rid of them.
In the private and public asylums and sani
tariums of our own country there is no doubt
that fearful abuses exist, —just as frightful con
ditions are inseparable from our penitentiaries
and chaingangs.
Wherever human beings are given arbitrary
power over their fellow men, terrible abuses
of that power are inevitable.
In every state, there should be a commission,
composed in part of medical men, whose duty
should require them to overhaul every asylum
and sanitarium, once per month.
This commisison should report in writing,
and this report should be given to the public.
The commission should be elected by the
people; and it should make a prompt and spe
cial investigation of any particular case
brought to its attention by any citizen of the
state. ' j
This commission should be additional to
those which now exist, AND SHOULD BE
INDEPENDENT OF ALL OTHERS.
P. O. This editorial is suggested by the let
ter of Mr. George H. Bell, which appears else
where. Mr. Bell may have his mental pecul
iarities and deficiences, but it is nothing less
than a disgrace to the state to imprison such a
man against his will.
fe life
The School-Hook Outrage.
So, the mighty ones who lord it over us, in
Georgia, have decided to change the text-books,
again!
Great is the Trust. Whether it deals in cof
fins or kerosene, in mowers or sugar, in Pull
man cars or school-books, its word is law.
“The State? I am the State!” This arro
gant assertion of a Bourbon king is the stock
illustration of the climax of divine-right abso
lutism. We fancy that we are free, that no
king is our master. But we are the veriest
slaves on earth. “We, the people,” don’t rule.
We have nothing to do with the making of
our laws. We can’t even boss a state, much
less the Union of states.
The Trust is our over-lord, —our Louis
Fourteenth, our Czar Peter. Were it not so,
we would not calmly look on while laws are
made which confiscate the property of the un
privileged millions in order that the privileged
thousands may have money to burn.
Ihe School-book Trust is one of the most
hateful of the whole thievish, remorseless, glut
tonous gang. It pinches the poor. Like the
Coffin Trust, no man may escape its claws.
Because its ravenous appetite clamors for
MORE, school-books to the value of hundreds
of thousands of dollars must be thrown away.
If those books were good enough for last
year, why are they not good enough for this
year? Ihe language hasn’t changed. Gram
mar, arithmetic, geography are what they were
two years ago. Why, then, throw- on to the
trash-pile the text-books of last year?
Because interested parties make money by
the change.
Just that, and nothing more.
Here we are, in the midst of the panic. The