The Cheat of Overcapitalization
By Will Payne.
This article, dealing toith railroad conditions a year or so ago, becomes of tremendous interest just nolv, in bielv of the Ividely
published Ivail of enormous losses in "net earnings ” and the rate controversies in a number of the states.
Editor’s Note. —Who gives to indi
viduals the right to dispose of pos
terity ? When the Billion Dollar Steel
Trust took over Andrew Carnegie’s
Steel Company, worth eighty millions,
and issued upon it 500 millions of
stocks and bonds, what were these se
curities but solemn pledges that as long
as law and order shall endure, so long
shall thousands and thousands of hu
man beings toil so many hours a day,
so many days a week, until death or
incapacity releases them, and that the
product of this toil shall be the prop
erty of these holders of pieces of
paper? When the Moore Brothers and
their associates sold to the public 189
millions of similar pieces of paper
upon seventy millions of Rock Island
stock, it meant that the farmers and
merchants through all the Rock Island
territory must continue for years to
come to yield tribute in the shape of
extortionate freight and passenger
tolls to the holders of these pieces of
paper. By the mere fiat of some
great financier, the product of un
born thousands is pledged to the de
scendants and beneficiaries of the
present holders of those bits of pape’’.
Aladdin’s lamp could do no more.
Mr. A. B. Stickney, president of the
Chicago Great Western, recently dis
cussed railway rates before the Trans
portation Club of St. Paul. Taking
the complete statistics for 1905, he
found that the average rate of in
terest paid on all the railroad bonds
in the United States was 3.65 per
cent, and the average rate of divi
dends paid on all the railroad stock
was 3.02 per cent.
“Here,” said Mr. iStickney, “is
the average margin of profits of all
the railways in the United States.
. . . There is no other business in
the country which is done on so small
a margin of profits as 3.02 per cent
dividend. No other invested capital
gets such small returns as the capital
invested in railroads.”
Obviously, if the capital invested in
railroads can now earn only a little
over three per cent a year, railroad
rates are as low as they ought to be.
When anybody mentions freight rates,
the railroads always trot out these
average dividend statistics —and
prove thereby that rates are already
so low that there’s no profit at all in
railroading.
If anybody asks how much of the
stock upon which average dividends
of 3.02 per cent are paid is water and
therefore entitled to no dividend what
ever they reply that there can’t be any
water because the capitalization per
mile of American railroads is much less
than that of English railroads —which
is exactly lige arguing that Florida is
an ideal summer resort because it is
much less disagreeable than panama.
I think every kindly person is sad
when he hears railroad men allege
that their business is upon a com
petitive basis. The falsehood is so
palpable. Until recently there was
some competition—that is, one road
might offer a big shipper a larger ille
gal rebate than another had offered.
As to the small, local shipper, the
business was always a monopoly. It
is now a monopoly to everybody. Be-
ing a monopoly it is entitled to earn
only a fair return upon the invest
ment. How anybody can determine
whether rates are reasonable without
knowing what the investment is, is
beyond merely mundane comprehen
sion." Yet nobody does know what the
investment is. Railroad men do not
wish to know and they do not wish
anybody else to know. Only by an
elaborate and costly federal investiga
tion can the amount of bogus capi
talization that the railroads are car
rying be discovered. But one fact is
rather significant. That is, there are
not many spots in the vast mass of
capitalization where you can sink a
drill without striking water.
Take, for instance, that conspicuous
group of railroads known as the
“hard coalers.”
The anthracite industry naturally
invited monopolistic ambition. The
supply is confined to a region in
Pennsylvania all of which could be
put within an area twenty-two miles
square. This region, roughly speak
ing, is only a hundred miles from
Philadelphia and a hundred and fifty
from New York. Transportation, of
course, is the key.
Eight railroads tap the territory—
namely, the Reading, Erie, Pennsyl
vania, 'Lehigh Valley, Delaware &
Hudson, Delaware, Lackawanna &
Western, New York, Ontario & West
ern, and the Central of New Jersey.
There were, early, various fragile
pools and gentlemen’s agreements;
but the first really important step to
ward monopoly was made in 1871 by
F. B. Gowen, then president of Read
ing. He began buying all the inde
pendent coal lands he could get hold
of.
He seems to have had the right idea
—namely, that it doesn’t make any
particular difference what price you
pay for property provided it enables
you to get a monopoly of a staple
commodity. Having a monopoly, you
can easily make consumers pay divi
dends on the purchase price. He
bought about a hundred thousand
FREE FREE |
Photo of Thos. E. Watson b
— i
<J Send us one NEW yearly subscription (not your US
own) to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian or Watsons
Jeffersonian Magazine at one dollar, and we will KM
mail you a handsome, two-bladed knife, with a M
transparent handle containing the latest photograph IM
of the Hon. Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand
forged out of the very finest English razor steel; lit
the bolsters are of German silver, the linings of plate M
•brass, all beautifully finished. (J The photograph <4
of Mr. Watson is life-like; it is the best that was
ever made of our editor and leader.
Thia offer is good until the end of April, 1909. M
THE JEFFERSONIANS $
THOMSON, GA. Wt
Jeffersonian
acres of undeveloped coal lands,
therefore, or a third of the amount in
sight. In so doing he loaded up Read
ing with an increased debt to the
amount of $50,000,000. Hereafter
there existed 50,000,000 additional
motives for monopolizing hard coal.
The result was a pool in 1873,
among the hard coalers, limiting out
put and fixing prices. This continued,
with many vicissitudes, until 1884,
when the Pennsylvania broke away.
The price of coal fell, and Reading,
with its load of debt representing un
developed coal lands, went into the
hands of receivers.
When an individual goes into bank
ruptcy the water is squeezed out of
him. When a railroad goes into
bankruptcy not only is the water not
squeezed out, but more is put in. The
process is called “reorganization.”
Every important railroad reorganiza
tion involves an inflation of capital.
Reading was reorganized mid set go
ing again. A. A. McLeod came nito
control, and promptly took up the
plan to monopolize hard coal. Some
brilliant financiering followed. Un
fortunately the courts upset some of
the McLeod leases. The whole struc
ture fell. The fall touched off the
panic of 1893.
Once more Reading went into the
hands of receivers and was reorgan
ized. Os course none of the water
was let out. On the contrary, true to
the basic principle of reorganization,
more was put in. This time the capi
talization was lifted above $300,000,-
000, or about $316,000 per mile of
road.
This reorganization, however,
brought in the powerful friendship
of Mr. Morgan. Thanks largely to
him, a spirit of amity began to per
vade the hard-coal roads; but this bet
ter understanding among the carriers
did not increase the happiness of the
“independent” operators who de
pended upon them for transportation.
Certain of these operators projected
(Continued on Page Eleven.)
JFor Sale
Seven acres of land In College Park, all
in one lot; well watered; nice place for a
home; in ten minutes of Atlanta & West
Point Depot and street car line. W. D.,
354 Luekie St., Atlanta, Ga.
QQA TO ALL SUFFERERS to Intro
duce our Combined systems of
I?D CI? healing. Enclose 4 cents postage,
r Kr L Address Carl E. Johnson, Deca
tur> IU
FARMERS SOCIETY ■. StS
ment, closer social relations, marketing
crops, more profits, freedom and indepen
dence. Permanent position, cood pay. Good
men only apply,
Write—President Dept. L. Indianapolis, Ind.
Shingles Shingles
Shingles
Sold direct to consumer at from SI.OO to $3.00
per M. Address the manufacturer
J. T. EVANS Camilla, Ga.
Life and Speeches of
Thos. E. Watson
Mr. Watson tells us ihe story of his
life. His gallant fight for reform is
told in his speeches, which cover ev
ery social, political and economic ques
tion that has come to the front in the
last thirty years. The subjects that
are now prominent in the people’s
mind, —Child Labor, National Finance,
the Tariff system, National Banks, the
Government Ownership of Railroads—
are treated exhaustively.
Bound in cloth, illustrated. Price,
$1.50.
Given as a Premium
For three subscriptions to the Jef
fersonian Magazine at SI.OO each, or
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at SI.OO.
Chew RED EYE Tobacco
IT COSTS A LITTLE MORE
BUT THEN-
It Lasts Twice as Long
TAYLOR BROS., Mfrs, Winston-Salem N. C.
POULTRY.
Make Your Hens Lay More Eggs
I h ave found a method that will
pr/xzsk Vfl make hens lay every day the year
I W-- ‘. ]) • round as in spring. A simple, inex-
P e . ns ’ ve means is used which never
fails. A trial will convince you.
Write for it today. Enclose stamp.
N. L. WEBB,I-4, Lamasco, Texas.
THE
Georgia Home Insurance Co.
OF COLUMBUS, GA.
Is a Home Institution. Organized 1859
Nearly a Half Century Old
Total Assets ... Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders - One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization. Over Five Million Dollars
To=morrow Magazine
U For people who are not
bound to creed or super
stition. The most vig
orous opponent of Cathol
icism in the world. It is
conducting the strongest
campaign for the Taxa
tion of Church Property
ever made.
Sample Copy 10 Cents SI.OO a Year
To-Morrow Magazine
139 East 56th St., CHICAGO. ILL.
Weekly Jeffersonian and To-morrow - sl.lO
Jeffersonian Magazine and To-morrow - sl.lO
Both Jeffersonians and To-morrow - - $2.00
PAGE THREE