editor agrees with Mr. Bryan in considering
the latter’s defeat “The Mystery of 1908.”
It is queer, the manner in which the Peer
less ran so far behind his ticket, even in his
own state.
n n
Campaign Contributions,
Next week we will publish a list of the names
of those who have sent in contributions to the
campaign fund since our last report appeared.
We are glad to say that the spirit of co-oper
ation seems to be spreading, and that it is
probable that many who did not contribute
during the campaign will yet come to help
make good the large deficit.
We are not asking anyone to share this bur
den with us, but those who voluntarily aid us
in bearing it will certainly be appreciated.
M M
Jim Woodlvard, Hoke 9 s Organ and
the Negroes.
For being “drunk and disorderly,” ex-Mayor
James G. Woodward, of Atlanta, has suffered
the heaviest penalty on record.
He had won the nomination for the Mayor
alty, this year, in a White Democratic primary,
and there was no claim made that he had won
it unfairly.
Then, a few weeks later, he had a meeting
with John Barleycorn —and who ever got the
better of the bout in a tilt with old John? The
conduct of Woodward was scandalous, beyond
all question. He himself so confessed.
But he was the regular Democratic nominee,
the winner in a legal, regular, orderly white
primary. Therefore, the issue raised by his
notorious offense was not only delicate but
vitally important.
That Atlanta should feel the shame of hav
ing a Mayor who is guilty of being “drunk and
disorderly” is most natural. That a large pro
portion of her citizens should feel that even a
Democratic nomination cannot be stretched to
cover everything,—the drunken Noah, the sons
of Noah, and the useful cloak to the contrary,
notwithstanding,—proves that a spirit of polit
ical independence is abroad, even in the poor
old party-ridden South.
But suppose there had been a quiet, non-par
tisan meeting of men of all classes called to
consider the situation, and suppose that a com
mittee composed of men, representing all
classes, had gone to Woodward, —without
brass bands and fire-companies,—and had ap
pealed to what is best in him to resign, in or
der that another white primary might be held
for the purpose of nominating some one else.
Does anybody doubt that Woodward and his
friends would have realized that it was good
policy to yield?
Everything depends upon the manner in
which one takes hold of a thing. Mr. Jefferson
used to dwell upon the advantages of “taking
hold of things by the smooth end.” He, him
self, never took hold of things in any other
way, and his record is a marvel of achievement.
From the very start, the hue and cry was
out after Jim Woodward, as if it were the first
time, in the history of America that a Demo
cratic nominee ever got drunk after the nomi
nation.
They gave him no chance to retire without
humiliation. The very first thing they did
was to give the utmost publicity to the facts.
The sinner not only had to be put aside, but
he must be ruined The brother who had fallen
must not be Samaritanized and charitably cart
ed home, but his shame must be shouted to the
uttermost parts of the land, and his family
buried in the same pit of humiliation as him
self. His friends were given no time to inter
pose and use their good offices with Wood
ward. Who knows that his friends would not
have done this, had they been given the oppor
tunity?
No! The Christian spirit was nowhere man
ifested., There was not a particle of forbear
ance,; pot the least sign of charity, not a hint of
mercy.
The man had sinned, and he must be made to
Glje 3(tffersonlan
feel the full weight of the virtuous wrath of
“the moral element of Atlanta.”
It is a thousand pities that the gentlemen of
Atlanta who call themselves “the moral ele
ment,” did not take hold of the Jim Woodward
problem in a different spirit.
That a Democratic nomination does not
change the colors of rainbows and of black
sheep, is one of our life-long contentions. Con
sequently a sweet song of joy is being sung in
our soul, and we welcome to our side of the
line “the moral element of Atlanta.” Brothers,
shake!
Here’s how. And so forth.
Instead of going at Woodward in the spirit
of Christians, of brothers, who perhaps have
not the best of titles to cast stones, “the moral
element of Atlanta” first churned itself into a
lather of rage and rushed at Jim Woodward
with the fury of tigers.
Even the cowardly hound dog will turn and
fight, when driven into a corner. They drove
Woodward into a corner, and he had to fight,
or be considered more cowardly than a hound.
They had already done enough to eternall)
mortify him, and his family and his friends, —
to continue in the race couldn’t make it any
worse.
Now count the costs! Atlanta torn to pieces
by a fierce factional war-fare which almost led
to riot and blood-shed; business interrupted;
and heart-burnings left that will exert a bale
ful influence on the city for years.
But that is not the worst. “The moral ele
ment of Atlanta” appealed to Mr. Nigger, and
brought him to the polls IN AUTOMOBILES,
to help the city punish Jim Woodward for hav
ing been “drunk and disorderly.”
THE NEGRO VOTE WAS USED TO
BEAT THE NOMINEE OF A REGULAR
WHITE DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY.
Who can estimate the evil influence of such
an example?
All this is bad enough, one would think, but
in its savage exultation over Woodward and
his friends, the Atlanta Journal whoops as fol
lows :
“The negro voters of Atlanta are entitled to
the appreciation of the public for the high
sense of citizenship they exhibited on yester
day in supporting Mr. Maddox and the cause
of good morals.
“It is an evidence of the esteem in which the
best element of our colored population hold
the duties of citizenship and a growing regard
for higher civic and domestic ideals.”
That editorial in Hoke’s organ will do lots
of good, won’t it?
Any man who has an ounce of grey matter
in his head knows why the Atlanta negroes
voted against Woodward. First of all, the
chance to smash the nominee of a white Dem
ocratic primary was welcomed by them with
unspeakable pleasure.
Then, no doubt, there was the music of jing
ling coins to gladden the African heart. And
then the ride to the polls in the automobiles of
“the most principallest men of the town.”
How could human beings of the African sort
resist all these tempters?
To the negro voters of Atlanta it was a glo
rious day. Most emphatically, they had a good
time.
As they proudly rode through the streets we
can fancy them smiling exultantly at one an
other and saying,
“Two years ago the Atlanta riots were on,
and we were fleeing for our lives, leaving the
streets littered with the wounded and the dead:
NOW LOOK! The same white folks that
beat and shot us then are now taking us to the
polls in their autos, TO HELP THEM
SMASH A WHITE DEMOCRATIC PRI
MARY !”
Consider the insult, given by that editorial,
to Woodward and his 4,°°° friends.
Are the negroes who voted against Wood
ward better men than he? So Hoke’s organ
impliedly says. Are the negroes of Atlanta
better than the 4.000 white men who voted for
Woodward?
So Hoke’s organ impliedly says. Have the
negroes who voted against Woodward “HIGH
ER CIVIC AND DOMESTIC IDEALS,”
than the 4,000 white men who voted for him?
Hoke’s organ impliedly says that they have.
What a brutal, cowardly insult to a fallen
white man and his 4,000 faithful white friends!
It is enough to make a carrion crow sick at the
stomach.
Who ever beheld such Phariseeism as this?
This editorial, with its self-righteous air of
saying “I am better than thou,” was doubtless
written by that member of the Hoke organ
staff who —had he not been rescued by the
unselfish hand of one who pities the victims of
the Drink Disease, — would have died in the
gutter and filled a drunkard’s grave.
The Jeffersonian doesn’t even know Jim
Woodward by sight, and in this matter has no
axe to grind, but we don’t hesitate to say that
he has been punished with extreme, unexam
pled severity.
Atlanta knew exactly what his weakness
was when the primary race was on. The mor
al element should have asserted itself then.
Everybody knew that Woodward had been ad
vertised throughout the country because of a
public jag while he was Mayor of Atlanta
years ago.
But it was conceded that he had been a good
Mayor, and it was therefore thought, when
he was chosen at the primary, that Atlanta
wanted him again, in spite of his one failing.
We think that when he fell by the wayside,
after his nomination, the ferocity with which
he was assailed was most un-Christian. We
believe that Atlanta is entitled to a sober May
or,—BUT A CITY WHICH KEEPS LON
LIVINGSTON IN CONGRESS MAKES
ITSELF RIDICULOUS WHEN IT GOES
INTO SPASMS OF INDIGNATION OVER
THE ONE SPREE AND TENDERLOIN
ESCAPADE OF JIM WOODWARD.
Hypocrites! If “the moral element of At
lanta” demands so high a standard of its pub
lic servants, why didn’t you vote for a gentle
man like James L. Mayson,—your own fellow r
citizen, —instead of giving your support to
such a vile old thing as Lon Livingston?
So! If a Democratic nominee gets drunk,
the nomination is not binding. Is that the
new rule?
If drunkenness voids the nomination, why
shouldn’t it annul the election? Why not de
clare that drunkenness on the part of the Dem
ocrat office-holder vacates the office?
In that event, there would be a high old time,
sure enough. None of your Democratic Sena
tors ever get drunk, do they? Every one of
your Democratic Representatives is as sober
as a judge, isn’t he?
And isn’t it a notorious fact that the mem
bers of your Legislature hardly know John
Barleycorn when they see him? Beastly sober
the state solons are,—the last one of them.
We wonder how many of the editorials
"against Jim Woodward were written by men
who had not gone to bed, half-snapped, the
night before. We wonder how many of the
men of “the moral element” drink more in a
month, on the sly, than Jim Woodward drinks
in a year.
Every now and then we have to have a vir
tuous spell. We ought to be good all the time,
but we ain’t. The moral element of Atlanta
ought to be up and doing all time, but like
Jim Woodward and his occasional spree, the
moral element works by fits and starts.
LTnfortunately for Woodward, his spree hap
pened to coincide in time with one of Atlanta
good spells. The two jags collided, and Jim’s
jag was annihilated.
It is interesting to note that the Coca-Cola
pack was in the chase. Just how many nerv
ous wrecks this drink has made, just how
many boys, girls, men and women the perni
cious tipple is slowly leading, leading, leading
to where they can’t do without it, and to where
the daily-fed appetite c'alls for more -and more,
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE