PAGE TWELVE
A Senatorial Blacklist
(Concluded from Page 9)
platform promised. If the Denver platform
was not framed for that purpose, what was it
made for ? If it was not meant to bind Dem
ocrats IN OFFICE, who was it to bind?
Either, it was put forth as the party’s of
ficial and formal pledge of what Democrats
would do if the people gave them the chance,
or it was framed for the deliberate purpose of
deceiving the voters.
Which was it?
In the U. S. Senate, last week, more than
half of the Democratic Senators went over to
the Republicans, and voted squarely against
their party’s solemn pledge on the lumber
schedule.
They had the chance to vote as their plat
form bound them, in honor, to do so. They
had the chance to put into effect their own de
mand for “the immediate repeal of the tariff
duties on lumber, timber and logs.” And
what did these patriots, these honorable Sen
ators do with the chance which Democratic
constituencies had given them—given them in
the belief that they were Democrats?
They deserted to the Republican leader, Al
drich, and voted against the repeal of those
duties. Exactly the opposite to what the
Democratic platform pledged them to do,
THESE DEMOCRATIC SENATORS DID
at the very first opportunity.
We give you their names. Clip them out
and paste them away. If ever you get the
chance to hit one of these platform-busters
with your ballot, do it.
Senator Simmons, of North Carolina, tries
to excuse his perfidy by saying that he has not
received many communications asking him to
vote against the lumber tariff.
This excuse deepens his guilt. WHY
SHOULD DEM OCR A TIC ' SENATORS
NEED PERSUASION TO VOTE AN
THEIR PLATFORM BINDS THEM, IN
HONOR, TO VOTE?
The people had a right to assume, as a mat
ter of course, that Democratic office-holders
would not desert to the Republicans, but
would vote in accordance with the Democratic
platform.
Here follows the list, and the comment of
the New York American:
Seventeen —Count Them
“1. Augustus O. Bacon, Georgia.
“2. Joseph E. Bailey, Texas.
“3. John H. Bankhead, Alabama.
“4. George E. Chamberlain, Oregon.
“5. John W. Daniel, Virginia.
“6. Duncan U. Fletcher, Florida.
“7. Murphy J. Foster, Louisiana.
“8. Joseph E. Johnson, Alabama.
“9. Samuel D. McEnery, Louisiana.
“10. Thomas I. Martin, Virginia.
“11. Hernando D. Money, Mississippi.
“12. Lee S. Overman, North Carolina.
“13. Fernifold M. Simmons, N. Carolina.
“14. John W. Smith, Maryland.
“15. James P. Taliaferro, Florida.
“16. Robert L. Taylor, Tennessee.
“17. Benjamin R. Tillman, South Carolina.
“There they are—seventeen of them— more
than one-half the entire Democratic party in
the Senate of the United States— repudiating
upon a vital question not only the traditional
policy, but the express official and specific dec
laration of their party, and following the
most stalwart of all the stalwart Republicans
of the Senate!
“What is left of the Democratic party after
this? What’s the use of it? Except it be to
hold the spoils together in the South and to
coerce the prejudices and apprehensions of a
great people into supporting a falling oli
garchy of office-holders?
“Whenever in the Senate chamber a few
progressive and honest Republicans dare to
break away from the hide-bound programme
of privilege and discrimination which their
stalwart leader has prepared, the aforesaid
leader has only to beckon his finger to the
Democratic side, and a clear majority of the
ancient and ashamed party of Jefferson troop
eagerly over their broken traditions and in
sulted platforms to Aldrich’s bargain counter
of assorted local tariffs.
“And each of these men, with the same un
blushing arrogance, will draw himself up in
dignantly against every imputation of a
changed political faith and pompously de
clare: dam a Democrat?
“Why is a Democrat?”
S IS s
Marshall Harville’s Queer Fowl
We find this item in the McDuffie Progress:
“Mr. Marshall Harville, who resides about
tw r o miles from Thomson, near Sweetwater
Church, possesses a monstrosity in the form
of a fowl. Just what he, she or it is no one
knows. Evidently it is a hybrid of some
kind, but of what kind no one knows. It looks
somewhat like a chicken, but it is not; it walks
like a turkey, has a head and feet like a gui
nea ; and a voice somewhat like a peafowl. It
is little larger than a full grown chicken, its
feathers are the color of the Rhode Island
Reds, but with spots of the guinea feathers.
Just such bird as this has never been seen be
fore.”
If there were such a thing as politics among
chickens, guineas, turkeys and peafowls, we
would have no hesitation in classifying Mr.
Harville’s curio. We would recognize it as a
rock-ribbed Bryamte Democrat.
IS g] g]
Editorial Notes
BY J. D. WATSON.
The Democrats in Congress are in the mi
nority.
But not so much so that they could not
•make a telling fight.
If the Democratic members of the present
Congress were united on Democratic ideas,
what would be the result?
It would be a victory for the people on the
tariff question, and the Democrats would gain
the credit for the victory.
But the majority of the Democrats seem to
be in the same boat as the Republicans, —they
have certain interests which they want pro
tected, —and they trade with Aldrich to pro
tect his trust in order that the interests of
their community may be protected.
And where does the main opposition to the
trusts' 1 protective tariff measure come from?
With few exceptions, it comes from inde
pendent Republicans.
And the leaders in the State who are mak
ing the strongest fight against Aldrich’s trust
tariff are LaFollette and Cummins, Repub
licans.
If the Democrats would unite on a tariff
schedule that was for the benefit of the people
the independent Republicans would support
it, and the measure would pass Congress.
Even the Democratic members from South
ern, Democratic States are divided.
You could not blame a Democratic member
if he asked, “Where am I at?”
g] g] g]
The tariff fight in the Senate seems to have
“just begun.”
And the fight seems to be principally
among the Republicans.
It is true that Senator Bailey, of Texas (a
Democrat), made a powerful speech in favor
of an Income tax and challenged the decision
of the U. S. Supreme Court, declaring such a
tax unconstitutional.
But Mr. Bailey seems to have fired his one
shot then, and retired.
Senator Dollivar, of lowa (a Republican),
was the next to pour hot shot into the Aldrich
crowd.
It seems that Aldrich made Dollivar mad,
and Dollivar determined to get even.
Cljc 3<iff4rsonian
And Dollivar did get even.
Dollivar was loaded with facts and exhibits
which made the Aldrich crowd hunt cover.
Senator Dollivar was able to exhibit sam
ples of cloth to prove his assertion that rates
had been juggled. At other times he produced
a weaving of woolen cloth to prove his decla
ration that experts, and not members of the
Finance Committee of the Senate, had framed
the Aldrich schedule.
Aldrich’s friends claim that Dollivar is sore
because Aldrich would not put a certain rate
on certain commodities which Dollivar want
ed protected.
We don’t care anything about spite making
Dollivar telling the truth on Aldrich and his
exposing Aldrich’s trickery, just so it is true.
gl g] g]
Following Senator Dollivar, comes Senator
Cummins, of lowa (also a Republican), who
handles the Aldrich crowd rougher than did
Senator Dollivar.
Mr. Cummins showed that under the Al
drich schedule the poor man would pay three
times the duty on his oilcloth and linoleum
as would the rich man.
Next, Mr. Cummins attacked the Steel
Trust. He showed that on a total capital of
$600,000,000 in actual property it was placed
at $1,400,000,000.
Here is Mr. Cummins’ statement, printed
by the New York World, a Democratic paper:
“Senator Cummins at great length arraign
ed the Steel Trust. He said its total capital
did not equal more than $600,000,000 in ac
tual property, while placed at more than
$1,400,000,000. He said the rates on pig iron,
structural steel, steel rails, ingots and similar
products should be cut in twain, while iron
ore should be free. Allowing $100,000,000 for
the increased value of the Steel Trust’s prop
erty, and allowing 6 per cent, interest on it,
Mr. Cummins said that last year the trust
made $57,358,585 in dishonest and unlawful
profits.
“In beginning his arraignment of the Steel
Corporation, Senator Cummins said he knew
as much as any man living about the forma
tion of the American Steel and Wire Com
pany in 1898, with a capitalization of $32,-
000,000. He said if any Senator pressed him
to learn how he acquired such knowledge he
would tell him.
“Senator Owen later became curious and
asked Mr. Cummins how his knowledge con
cerning the American Steel and Wire Com
pany was obtained. Mr. Cummins replied
that he was one of the attorneys who organ
ized that corporation.
Dishonest Atmospheres
“Senator Scott a little later asked Mr. Cum
mins whether he had been paid for his ser
vices in the stock of the company.
“ ‘lf I had lived in the dishonest atmos
phere of West Virginia,’ retorted Mr. Cum
mins, ‘that might have been the case, but I
lived in honest lowa, and I will say I got my
pay in cash.’
“This retort, delivered with great empha
sis, brought from the galleries a storm of ap
plause, which the Chair had great difficulty
in suppressing.”
While this fight is going on, —the progres
sive Republican like Cummins fighting the
Republican trust tool, Aldrich, —where are
our Democratic Senators “at”? '
We confess that we don’t know. None of
them seems to want to help defeat a Tariff
bill.
Each one wants some industry in his sec
tion protected while he wants the other fel
low’s put on the free list.
But watch.
If a Tariff bill along the ideas of Aldrich
passes Congress it will be passed because it re
ceives more than one Democratic vote.