ident, Mr. Lincoln, a Maryland delegate,
named Strauss, rose in his place and proposed
to offer a Resolution in honor of the memory
of General Robert E. Lee. He was not al
lowed to be heard. As soon as the Bryanite
Convention realized what Strauss was up to
it hissed and hooted him down.
1 urn back to the telegraphic reports sent to
the Atlanta Constitution during the Denver
Convention, and read the paper of July 10th.
\ iere y° u statec t just as Mr.
v\ atson related it in his campaign speeches.
herefore, the Bryanite Convention is on
record as not only putting a gross insult upon
every Georgian by its attack upon the state
delegation, but in hissing and howling down
the Maryland delegate who proposed honor
able mention of the name of Lee, the whole
South was insulted.
We have never said that Mr. Bryan was to
blame for these occurrences. He was not
there, and could not have foreseen what was
going to happen.
But we have said that Mr. Bryan owed it to
the Southern people to express his regrets that
these things did occur, and he has never done
so.
In Mr. Roosevelt’s writings and speeches, as
in those of Charles Francis Adams, can be
found glowing tributes to the South, to the
Confederate soldier, and to General Robert E.
Lee; but you won’t find anything of that gen
erous kind in the voluminous writings and
speeches of William J. Bryan.
H H H
Bryan, the Old Man of the Sea.
The dear old Democratic Party,—isn’t it in
a fix?
Sinbad tlfe Sailor, with the Old Man of the
Sea astraddle of his neck, was a happy and
unburdened citizen in comparison with a Bry
anized Democracy.
The Peerless One declares, —with that sub
lime unselfishness which “goes after” Bennett
legacies, campaign contributions, gate receipts
and Presidential nominations .with equal per
tinacity, continuity, 'inflexibility and burning
determination to get ’em, —that he is not only
going to be a candidate in 1912, but from that
time on for the twenty years. ,
Bully for Bill!
But it’s hard, real hard, on the dear old
D. P.
The man who yoked himself up with his
male yearling, and then discovered that the
yearling had a pressing engagement which re
quired his best run-away gait, didn’t need to
cry out “Head us off, somebody!” half as
badly as does the dear old D. P., hooked up
with Nebraska Bill.
What’s Bryan’s politics, anyway? What
does he mean by “keeping up the fight?”
He means that the dear old D. P. must con
tinue to subscribe to the Commoner, continue
to give him value as a lecturer and publicist,
continue to give him free advertising worth a
hundred thousand dollars a year, continue to
give to him half the gate-receipts when he
speaks at Fairs and SSOO per when he talks
about Jesus Christ, continue to let him use the
Democratic Party as if it were the private es
tate of Mr. and Mrs. Bryan, Brother Charles,
and Brother-in-law Tom Allen.
Really, we feel sorry for the dear old D. P.
Just at'the time when nine out of every ten
Democrats are tired to death of Bryan and
were so anxious for him to accept the presi
dency of that Social Equality University
wherein he educated his sons and daughters,
the Peerless One squirts ice water over said
nine tired Democrats by stating that they must
brace up for 20 years more of Nebraska Bill!
The Republicans are rejoiced. Bryan has
became a Republican asset. He’s pie to them,
is Bill. They can beat him to a frazzle any
old day. They did it with more ease this time
than in 1900, and they did it with more ease
in 1900 than in 1896.
But what does Bryan care? The leadership
of the Democratic Party is worth $50,000 per
year to him, and he doesn’t mean to sacrifice
his personal interests for the good of his partv
or his country—not he.
Poor old Democratic Party!—-once it stood
for principle; now it stands for Bryan. Every
time Bryan turns his coat, Democracy means
something else; and as he is constantlv turn
ing his coat Democracy has no fixed creed, no
definite purpose.
If He Had Kept Out of Politics.
“Tom Watson’s new book, ‘Waterloo,’ is
out. If it’s as good as his ‘Story of France,’ it
is cheap at the price, whatever it is. We hon
estly believe Mr. Watson would have wrought
much more for good in this world if he had
kept out of politics and applied himself more
to literature.”
So says our friend, the Washington, D. C.,
Herald.
But if Mr. Watson had kept out of politics
he would never have written a book. He
would have gone on earning big fees, specu
lating in land, piling thousands upon thou
sands, until he became a millionaire. Then,
having accumulated one million dollars, he
would have started out briskly to make an
other ; and Death, coming around in due time,
would have interrupted him in the count of
his money.
If Mr. Watson had kept out of politics he
would never have known what it is to go
through the mill. He would never have known
what it means to attack established wrongs;
never could have understood how the scream
of oppressed humanity appeals to the soul of
those who will listen to it; never could have
understood the motives and the feelings of
those champions of the common people whose
willingness to live and die for an -idea gives
to the civilization of today everything of value
that it possesses.
To understand those who have suffered, one
must suffer. The quality which gives “The
Story of France” its distinctive place in the
minds of those who have read it is due to the
fact that its author did go into politics, did
fight the battle of the oppressed, did go down,
under criminal methods, in political and finan
cial ruin, did endure the almost maddening in
justice and cruelty of those who held the reins
of power.
Seeking to illustrate historically the manner
in which Special Privilege runs the machinery
of government for the benefit of the Few and
thus brings about the impoverishment, degra
dation and desperation of the Many, Mr. Wat
son wrote for the old People’s Party Paper
those sketches which gradually broadened into
a little book which caught the attention of
Hon. Wharton Barker of Philadelphia. Mr.
Barker was so deeply interested that he, in
turn, enlisted the interest of Mr. Geo. P. Brett,
the President of the American branch of the
McMillan Publishing Company. The net re
sult was the two large volumes to which the
Herald alludes.
Without his political tragedy, it is certain
that the author of “The Story of France”
would never have written a book.
The Pardon of Tom Alexander.
Flow many of our poor white trash and ne
groes have served long terms in the peniten
tiary for stealing hogs or cattle, and for forg
ing names to small “orders” or bank checks?
Some months ago, in New York, a white
man was given a sentence of fourteen years
for the theft of a watch; in another state a
sentence of seven years was imposed on a man
for opening a door and entering a private
dwelling.
These are extreme cases, but the chain gangs
and penitentiaries are thronged with men and
boys whose crimes consist of a yielding to
some sudden temptation to take a few dollars
out of the cash-drawer, or to appropriate a
convenient hog, or to reduce a neighbor’s pile
of cotton, or to sample his potatoes, or to be
nevolently assimilate one of his chickens or
turkeys.
Such offenses should be punished, and they
are punished, sometimes with inhuman se-
Jeffersonian
verity. It’s the easiest thing in the world to
snatch up some friendless white man, or some
poor devil of a nigger,—who has no money to
fee good lawyers and no powerful family con
nections, —and to trot him through a trial and
off to the chain gang.
But when it comes to the big bugs, the high
rollers, the criminals, who’ve got money to
hire a batch of lawyers, and who have friends
and relatives among “the most principallist
men of the town,” —ah, that’s different.
Such criminals are rarely convicted AND
NEVER PUNISHED.
If the crime is so notorious that the Grand
Jury must indict ; if the evidence is so over
whelming that the trial jury must convict, the
sentence of the accused to the penitentiary is
little more than a form. Criminals of that class
are not punished, They are given some light,
congenial task, at which they can work as
much or as little as they choose, and their
friends keep them supplied with all the com
forts of life.
Then after a short while, it is assumed that
the public has forgotten all about the crime,
and the Governor pardons the criminal.
Take the case of Tom Alexander, of Au
gusta, Georgia. He was a high roller, —was
Tom, —a club man of exquisite finish. No so
cial function was complete without Tom; the
Exchange owed to him its delicacy of flavor,
and upon the business world of that river-side
metropolis he beamed like an orb celestial.
All of which takes money, of course. This
thing of being a swell, a sport, a social lion, a
commercial Brummel, an all-round favorite,
dandy and darling with speedy men and up
to-date women, costs money,—so they tell me.
At any rate, Tom Alexander’s own cash ran
sh“ort and he drew upon the surplus of other
Christians who had the utmost confidence in
Augusta’s social pet and pride, and who did
not know that they were financing Toni’s glo
rious career.
A series of frauds kept Tom in funds long
after his own money was gone. He knocked
the staid old Georgia Railroad hank for the
huge sum of SBO,OOO, and “touched” other peo
ple, right and left. How did he swindle the
Georgia Railroad bank out of such a big
amount? He did it by the use of ware-house
receipts for cotton which had no existence.
The air was thick with rumors of other ugly
things done by Alexander, but we do not care
to enter into that. There was no prosecution
for anything but the ware-house receipts for
fictitious cotton, consequently nothing but that
is before us now. There was just a cool, con
tinuous course of fraud, embracing many sepa
rate crimes, until the grand aggregate of the
swindle was SBO,OOO.
Had not the Georgia Railroad bank been
sound in all of its timbers, this fine old historic
institution, struck so heavily and suddenly,
might have sunk under the blow, and dragged
down hundreds of others in the crash.
As to Tom Alexander, he skipped out. When
he returned, he was in the custody of an officer
of the law. Indicted and arraigned, Alexander
pleaded guilty. There was nothing else to do.
Had he been indicted for each separate ware
house receipt for imaginary cotton, upon which
he got money, the cumulative sentences would
probably have kept him on the Richmond
County chaingang the remainder of his life.
This would have been so had his crimes been
treated as no more than misdemeanors. Each
time that he presented a bogus ware-house re
ceipt and obtained money on it from the bank
he committed a crime. How many different
times did he present these receipts for ficti
tious cotton before the sum total of loans
reached $80,000? Whatever the number of
times, was the number of his crimes. But if
we know anything about criminal law, Alex
ander’s offense was not a misdemeanor, but
a felony. Sub-section 6 of section 233 of the
Penal Code of Georgia covers the Alexander
case.
Any person who, with intent to defraud the
State or any person, shall make, forge, alter or
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE