PAGE EIGHT
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered st Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
o*c 2
ATLANTA, GA., MAY 20, 1909.
REMITTANCES must be made in money
or exchange. Local checks cannot be
accepted, unless ten cents is added for ex
change.
TYr. Watson at "Eufaula.
On the 25th of this month Mr. Watson will
lecture for the Chautauqua at Eufaula, Alaba
ma, in the forenoon.
it n m
( Here's 7he Opportunity Wher eA re
The Men.
Since the olden days when the sceptre de
parted from the South, (the Dixieland leaders
making the awful mistake of surrendering the
Government and the Capital TO A MINORI
TY PARTY OF REPUBLICANS!) we have
had no such opportunity of unhorsing New
England and regaining lost ground as has been
presented in the extra session of Congress.
The great and growing West is at length
awakening to the fact that her rich provinces
are systematically plundered by the East. The
tariff, which yields to the manufacturers at
least five times as many dollars of dishonest
profit as it yields to the Government in reve
nue, takes at least three dollars out of the five
and carries them to the East, —and there they
stay.
To the West, the East contributes nothing.
To the South, the East contributes nothing.
From the West and the South the East, by
the manipulation of tariff schedules, draws
yearly a richer harvest of spoils than Xerxes
drew from all the tributary satrapies of the
Persian Empire.
Before the Civil War, Southern statesmen
knew this, and felt it. Such men as John C.
Calhoun declared that it were better for the
State of South Carolina to fight, than to tamely
submit to the wrong. The firm stand of this
illustrious statesman compelled Henry Clay and
Daniel Webster to yield, and to strike the odi
ous, immoral and unconstitutional protective
principle out of the tariff system.
But the South has no statesmen now. We
have some dignified mutts, some academic de
claimers, some smooth-article jugglers, some
rough and tumble scrappers. We haven’t got
a single constructive statesman —NOT ONE.
Since the death of the noble old Morgan of
Alabama, the South has not had a Congress
man whose ideals soared to higher aims than
the increase of his salary, the squandering of
public funds on his personal accommodations,
the spouting of an occasional speech that will
keep up his reputation for being alive, and the
laying of pipe to succeed himself in office.
At this extra session the determined efforts
of New England to extort a tariff bill that
will break the promises of revision made in
Taft’s speeches and platform, aroused the
intense opposition of the West. La Follette,
Dolliver and Cummins are men of influence
and ability.
They are a power in the West. They have
lifted the banner of revolt against the East/
Their note of defiance to the Aldrich gang of
robbers is loud, clear and prolonged.
dje ‘3ftff«rsonian
God! What an opportunity for the South!
One would have supposed that the Southern
Congressmen would have seized it, made an
alliance with the Western insurgents, and thus
insured the defeat of New England.
But no. On the contrary, the aid of Demo
cratic Senators will enable Aldrich to give New
England what she wants.
The East will get another twenty-year
license to rob the South and West, because
the South has no leader in Washington capa
ble of meeting the opportunity.
* H *
A Southern Senator.
Wearing the motley, flexible, double-front
coat of a Democrat, Senator A. O. Bacon, of
Georgia, is not only one of tne party's chronic
office-seekers and shelf-worn office-holders, but
he is one of its national spell-binders. Every
four years, he becomes an evangelist, and he
goes up and down the land proclaiming
Democracy —a mighty champion of its platform
and its candidate. When the presidential year
comes round, there is Bacon, armed from head
to heel, valiant and aggressive, smiting social
ism, Populism, Republicanism and every orhet
living creature that antagonizes Democracy.
Can the National Convention nominate any
candidate that does not command the loyal
allegiance of Bacon? No. From Cleveland to
Bryan, and from Bryan to Parker, and
from Parker back to Bryan again, the
dear old distracted party may reel and
tumble and flop and flounder—but it can't lose
Bacon. His toe-hold of the situation holds.
His regularity never knows a crease.
Can the party write a. platform that feazes
Bacon? No. From Free Silver to Gold Bug
gism and from the abolition of national banks
to a governmental guaranty which would per
petuate them, Bacon slides with the ease of
loose shotMn a gun barrel. In 1892, Demo
cratic candidates and platform were pleasing
to A. O. B. He not only spoke for them, but
voted for them. We are particular in stating
this, because Senator Bacon sometimes speaks
on one side and votes on the other —owing to
the goodness of his heart and his desire to treat
everybody fairly.
In 1896, Bacon, like all the other regulation
Democrats, voted for the two opposites —
political pie and pickles —Bryan and Sewall,
without batting an eye. Everything that
Bryan was, Sewall wasn't; and everything that
Sewall exemplified. Bryan didn't; but what
was a little matter like that to dear old daddy
descended Democracy? ’Twas nothing to
Bryan ; ’twas nothing to Bacon ; and the cry
was “On with the dance/’
In 1904, when the Democratic National Con
vention beseiged the Throne of Grace with
prayers through the megaphone and got its
change ot heart on the money question by
telegraph, Bacon's toe-hold never even loos
ened in the socket. As the brethren and patri
ots changed cars and went over to the Repub
lican coach, Bacon's face wore an expression
of suave proprietorship, as who should say,
“This is mine, anyhow.”
Many and forcible were' the orations which
Senator Bacon poured upon the nation in that
memorable contest. Had not Fairbanks taken his
chill-generator throughout the West and kept
it in operation for some months, we really have
cause to believe that Bacon’s freezing appa
ratus would have altered the results of the
election.
In 1908. the zeal of Bacon was again mani
fested, and Georgia was too small to hold him.
His country called and he went. The dear old
dishevelled Democratic party needed help, and
Bacon, like a cold wave from Dixieland, blew
to the tore.
Did any bod v hear him say that the platform
had any flaws in it? Did he admit that there
was a single bug in the buttermilk? Did he
utter 4 \yord against the way or the time of
making that platform ? No. Listening to
Bacon, and reading after Bacon you would
have thought that he regarded the Democratic
platform as an inspiration from on high. What
was the quintessence of Baconian preachment
in the campaign of ONE YEAR AGO?
“Vote the Democratic ticket, in order that
the suffering country may escape the calami
tous rule of Republicanism and RECEIVE
THE BLESSING PROMISED IN THE
DEMOCRATIC PLATFORM.”
Was not that the gist of Bacon’s
Bacon’s interviews, Bacon’s deliverances of
every sort? Os course it was.
Now what?
An extra session of Congress is called and
Bacon has a chance to give the Country the
blessings promised in the Democratic platform.
One of those promised blessings is UNT AXED
LUMBER.
The Lumber Trust has run the price up to
about double the amount it should be. The
millions of common people, whose
force them to buy lumber, are held up and .
robbed by the Lumber Trust.
If lumber were not taxed with a tariff duty,
these millions of consumers would get cheaper
lumber.
But the Lumber Trust is just as greedy as
the Steel Trust. Moderate profits do not satis
fy it. The big men of the Lumber Trust have
been to Washington to see Senator Bacon and
other members of Congress. What does the
Lumber Trust demand of Senator bacon?
That he violate one of the plainest, most
positive and most popular pledges to the peo
ple that HIS PARTY MADE LAST YEAR!
Oh, the shame of it! A few days ago, Sen
ator Bacon made a great speech against the
Republicans and their tariff system. He
proves that where this indirect system of taxa
tion gives the Government one dollar of reve
nue, it gives to the manufacturers seven dollars
of unjust prices.
Yet Senator Bacon has announced on the
floor of the Senate that he will vote with the
Republicans on the lumber schedule, and that
he does not consider himself bound by his
party’s public and positive pledge to the
people.
In other words, he will take his orders from
the Lumber Trust, and not from the Demo
cratic National Convention. That convention
is supposed to have represented the people:
the voice of that convention is the official voice
of the Democratic party. But this Southern
Senator, a Democrat of the Democrats, de
clares in open Senate that the marching orders
of his National Convention do not bind him.
Well, —we all know who the Lumber Trust
represents. We all know what the voracious
combine wants. But we did not know the full
extent of its brutal power. We did not know
that when the Trust ordered a Southern
Democratic Senator to stultify himself, and to
trample upon the instructions given him in the
National councils of his party he would virtu
ally declare:
T do not serve the people, nor obey the
formal and patriotic commands of my party;
I SERVE THE LUMBER TRUST, AiJD
BY MY VOTE I AM GOING TO RENEW
ITS LICENSE TO ROB THE CON
SUMERS.”
* n
Encouraging Eoreign Missions Items.
The Bloard which bosses Foreign Missions
for our Southern Baptist Convenition, pub
lishes a Journal at Richmond, Va., for the sole
purpose of keeping us Baptists thoroughly
“whooped up” on the subject of the dearly
beloved heathen.
Some thoughtful friend has' seat to Brother
Cofer’s bad man a copy. We hope to receive
others from time to time, for Bro. Cofer’s bad
man finds much interesting reacting in “The
Foreign Mission Journal.”
We suppose that you know the size of the
salaries of our foreign missionaries. What?