PAGE EIGHT
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga... January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
2
ATLANTA, GA., FEBRUARY 18,1909.
The Wesleyan Christian Adbocate and
Foreign Missions.
Our esteemed neighbor, above named, raps
the old man smartly because of his attitude on
Foreign Missions. Glad of it. Let’s all wake
up, and look around us, and jaw one another
awhile, and thus learn something. Stagnation
is the thing which kills. You have no idea
how much better sermons would be preached,
if the congregation would form the habit of
denying what they know is not the fact, and of
demanding evidence for questionable state
ments.
Many preachers are shallow and dull be
cause nobody rouses them by hitting back.
And many congregations are stagnant because
they don't dare challenge anything the beloved
pastor says.
The Jeffersonian believes that the cause of
Truth, of Right, has nothing to fear from a
full discussion. Most shields have two sides;
most questions admit of honest differences of
opinion.
Isn’t that so, Brother Cofer? Now then, —
about this matter of Foreign Missions.
Mr. Watson has never said that the preach
ing of the Gospel to the heathen is wrong. On
the contrary, he has contended that the Good
Book commands that very thing. Christ tells
us to carry his message to all the world.
The point that Mr. Watson makes is, that
it is not our duty to make the heathen a star
boarder, at our expense, while we are deliver
ing the message. Jesus did not say that we
must feed, clothe and educate the heathen, “Go
ye, AND PREACH.” That’s the command.
Nothing said about running expensive com
missaries, boarding-schools, furnishing food
and clothing to yellow children and brown chil
dren, while giving them a free education.
Yes, Brother Cofer, Mr. Watson has read
those books telling of the glorious work of
Crawford, and Allen and Judson. He has no
disposition whatever to belittle these heroes of
Christian civilization. He admires them great
ly. But he puts this question: If the same
vast sums of money that have been spent among
the yellow and brown people —clothing them,
feeding them, and EDUCATING THEM IN
THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE—had been
spent among the unconverted, the ignorant
and the destitute of our own land, would not
the results have been far greater, and equally
pleasing to God?
It must cost at least ten times as much to
convert, and educate in English, a Chinese boy
or girl as it costs to convert and educate a
white boy or girl of our own country. Are
not the souls of our American boys and girls
as precious to Christ as the souls of these pig
tail folks of the Orient?
According to the newspaper reports, there
are 6,000 children in the City of New York,
who go to school hungry. In almost every
American city, there is a similar condition. In
the mountainous regions of the Southern
States, there must be tens of thousands of
boys and girls growing up in utter illiteracy.
Is not this a reproach to us? Is it a satis
factory answer to say that, although we leave
3ftffersoniaft
those thousands of our own flesh and Tflood
sunk in sordid ignorance, we give English edu
cations to a few thousand Chinese and Japa
nese ?
Dr. Cofer very neatly disposes of the starv
ing woman referred to by us, saying that, af
ter all, she didn't starve. Dear and honored
old friend, she lost her child from the expos
ure, and she herself had to suffer, unhelped,
until she fell fainting on Fifth Avenue.
Oh my Christian brother, —is there comfort
to you in charity which comes so late as that?
This particular outcast was Anally saved,
but what of those hundreds who were not
saved? those mothers who sold the babes they
could not feed? those suicides who could find
release from suffering in no other way ? those
pitiful figures in the breadline waiting hours in
the wind or rain or snow for a morsel of bread?
those numberless boys and girls, women and
men, driven by poverty into vice and crime?
those little ones who are cooped up in sweat
shops and factories in a slavery that sacrifices
the seed corn to Mammon? those white girls
who are systematically bought and sold, for
immoral purposes, and held eternally captive
in the foul dungeons of prostitution?
Is there any spot in heathendom as bad as
Pittsburg? Is there any blight of paganism
worse than the Black Peril which hangs over
our white women? Is there any portion of the
whole heathen world where the Bible is more
unknown and the message of Christ more un
heard than in the underworld of our own cities r
Let our Foreign Missionaries learn the for
eign languages and preach to the people, whom
we self-righteously call the heathen, in their
tongue. When a convert is made, put him to
preaching to his own people, in their own lan
guage. If China and Japan and Hindustan
can be won for Christ at all, that’s the way to
do it.
The commissary and school-board system is
enormously expensive, and has not been a
success. Free rations and free clothes make
converts, but too. often these are wet-weather
streams. When the supplies give out, the pig
tail man goes straightway to the Joss house,
and squats down therein, as one who returns
to his father’s house.
Preach to John Chinaman, just as much as
you will: explain the message to the Jap, as
often as may be necessary; but in the name of
common sense quit offering bounties to con
verts. DON’T HIRE HEATHEN TO CALL
THEMSELVES CHRISTIANS.
And above all, beloved, feed, clothe and edu
cate your own children, before taking money
out of your purse to feed, clothe and educate
the children of the Chinaman, the Jap, and the
Hindu.
MUM
Clark Soaks Hoke.
Our genial friend, Clark Howell, hath a long
memory. He will not let Hoke Smith alone,
concerning those campaign pledges. Still, some
of the promises were kept, and, during the first
few months of his term, Hoke worked like a
wheel-horse of reform. We believe in being
just. With that first legislature of 1907, Gov
ernor Smith did as much as any man could
have done. The Jeffersonian fairly summed
up the work of that, the regular session, and
declared that much had been accomplished.
“No man could have done better,” —is what
we said, and we stand to it.
But the trouble with Hoke was he got tired
too quick. His breath gave out, or something.
So far as we could see, he made no further
progress as a reformer after the legislature ad
journed. He refused to call an extra session,
rested quietly on the' gubernatorial oars, and
began to cast cat’s eyes at Steve Clay’s sena
torial canary.
To smooth the course for his senatorial race,
Hoke publicly relieved from censure the legis
lature which had killed the reform bills; went
over to the early, snap primary tricksters; for
mulated new rules which would have put the
country counties under the feet of -city
ward-heelers, and mussed things up on the
liquor question until nobody knew what he
did mean. Besides, he made all the Confed
erate soldiers mad on the pension matter.
Consequently, it became a patriotic duty to
soak Hoke. It was a good lesson to him, and
to others. Hereafter, no candidate for office
will risk his scalp by breaking his pledges and
going back on those who elected him.
Clark nags at Hoke about that $4,000,000 per
year that he promised to save us on freight
rates. It appears that no freight rate has been
reduced and that all freight rates have been
advanced. This is sad.
And Clark says that passenger rates are
where Joe Terrell left them. This, also, is de
pressing.
Besides, we did not get that anti-lobby bill.
This is saddest of all. The Jeffersonian did
hope that every lobbyist would be required to
take out a license, dress in sky-blue clothes,
and wear a cow-bell. /But we didn’,t get what
we expected. It is often so.
Then, again, Floke has allowed them to
change the school-books on us; and his Rail
road-Commission Chairman is out in a card,
telling us that unconstitutional railway mergers
are right good things, after all.
So we hardly know where we are at, or what
we are coming to. Still, since that South Geor
gia woman voluntarily kissed Joe Brown, we
have hopes that all is not lost.
H
The Lincoln Article.
From the Washington, D. C., Herald we dip
the following:
“Mr. ‘Tom’ Watson now blossoms forth
with a sneering and belittling estimate of Abra
ham Lincoln. Why does Mr. Watson not
change his doleful tune occasionally, and give
us something cheerful —Mr. Watson’s estimate
of Mr. Watson, for instance?”
The reference is to the editorial on President
Lincoln which appeared in the January num
ber of our Jeffersonian Magazine.
Evidently the bright paragrapher of the
Herald “skimmed” the article, instead of read
ing it, —else he would not have said that it
sneered at Mr. Lincoln and belittled him. Ver
ily, Mr. Watson neither sneered at the martyr
President nor belittled him. It was not in the
editor’s heart to do either the one thing or the
other.
What he meant to do was to analyze the sub
ject, and to apply those rules of measurement
which, in the end, must decide the relative
worth and greatness of the world’s heroic men.
It seemed to be about time for some one to make
the effort to stay the extravagance of eulogy
which is transforming the human Lincoln into
a demigod,—flawless and infallible. That the
editorial should be classed as a sneering at
tempt at belittlement, simply proves that adu
lation has already reached the point where it
does not allow freedom of speech in speaking
of Mr. Lincoln. If the artist paints the wart,
down with the artist—although nature, and not
the artist, was responsible for the wart. We
protest earnestlyj that Mr. Watson did not
sneer at Mr. Lincoln nor belittle him. On the
contrary the editor has never written or spoken
of the martyr President save in terms of the
highest respect.
We could not honestly join in the verdict
which declares that Mr. Lincoln was the great
est man that ever Lived. We can not consci
entiously class him as the greatest man Amer
ica has produced. 'We are far from believing
that Mr. Lincoln was the only man of the
East, North and West who could have weath
ered the storm of the Civil War. With the al
most unlimited resources of the Union States
to draw from, with Europe constantly feeding
the lines of battle that came down against the
South, with the incompetent and hopelessly di
vided Davis Government as the foe to conquer,
with the Southern States themselves furnish
ing to the Union Army hundreds of thousands