SOME PAGES I ROM MY ‘BOOK
(From The Magazine of American History.)
KIT CARSON THE PATHFINDER.
By William S. Birge, M. D.
The Mysterious Great Desert Circumnavigated
—Ewing Young of Trapper Fame —
Carson Outwits Navajoe
- Indians.
CHAPTER 11.
On the journey home they took the southern
trail, with which Kit Carson was familiar,
and reached Bent’s Fort on the Arkansas, in
the summer of 1884. They had traveled
nearly four thousand miles, and had com
pletly circumnavigated the mysterious Great
Desert.
At the close of this second expedition Kit
tried ranching in a valley some twenty miles
east of Taos, New Mexico. It was while
residing there that a wagon train of traders
started out on the journey overland. They
had gone but three or four days’ journey from
Taos when they were attacked by a band of
Navajoe Indians, and although they fought
desperately, they were defeated, and had to
flee back to Taos, leaving the greater part of
their number killed by their inhuman foes.
The people of Taos were very much incensed
at the Indians, and at once set about raising
a band of hardy and determined men to seek
out and punish them.
The party when organized contained forty
men consisting of Americans, Canadians, and
Frenchmen, with the same Ewing Young, of
trapper fame, at their head.
Kit Carson was in town at the time and was
gladly welcomed as a member of the expe
dition. It was about three days’ ride to the
country of the Navajoes, who were considered
among the bravest and most dangerous tribes
of the Southwest. These savages, like other
Indian tribes of that region, had away of
making treaties and then violating them be
fore the smoke of their calumet had fairly
cleared hway from their treaty gatherings.
As the party were near the headwaters
of Salt River, one of the tributaries of the
Rio Gila, they saw a Navajoe Indian just dis
mounting on the river bank. At sight of the
hunters he immediately remounted, with the
intention of running away.
“That dog knows something about the red
skins we are after,” exclaimed Kit Carson to
Young, who at that moment was riding be
side him.
“Let’s overhaul him, then,” said the leader.
They both dashed away at once, and being
well mounted, gained rapidly upon the terri
fied Indian. After several pistol shots had
been sent whistling about his ears he faced
about, reined up, and sullenly awaited the
approach of his captors.
Just before they came up, Carson observed
the Navajoe drop something stealthily upon
the ground, and while Young rode on, he leap
ed from his horse and picked it up.
To his surprise and disgust Carson found
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
that he had picked up three fresh scalps,
which had been recently torn from the bleed
ing heads of the vanquished whites.
With the consciousness that the murderous
wretch before them had taken part in the
massacre they felt like putting a bullet through
him, but as he had surrendered this could not
well be done.
Both Young and Carson spoke the Navajoe
language like a native. They instantly de
manded the whereabouts of the guilty party;
but the Indian shook his head, signifying that
he was unable to answer them.
“You lie,” exclaimed Kit Carson, shaking
the scalps in his face, “you know all about
them, and if you don’t tell, I’ll lift your hair
within five seconds.”
The sight of the scalps and believing that
the hunter knew that he took part in the
murders, brought the Indian to his senses
and he pointed to a range of hills to the west
giving the whites to understand that the
savages they sought would be found there.
“We will take you with us,” said Young,
and the minute we find that you have deceived
us, that minute we shall shoot and scalp
you.”
The Navajoe made no objection to this, and
in obedience to the command of his captors
he rode between them until they reached
the main party of hunters.
The Western border was always ready for
a fight and without delay the hunters struck
into a gallop toward the hills alluded to.
They were found to be thickly wooded, while
the Rio Gila, making a sweeping bend, flowed
in a direction parallel to them upon the oppo
site side.
Grazing over the top of these hills, they
caught sight of the Indian party whom they
were seeking, quietly camped near the river.
They numbered about the same as themselves,
and the moment they saw the whites, mani
fested an eagerness to engage in battle.
The precaution of the leader prevented
more than a dozen of his men from exposing
themselves, so that the Navajoes considered
them no stronger than the party which they
attacked and slaughtered a few days before.
Convinced that they were deceived regard
ing his strength, Young ordered his men to
lie down, and keep carefully out of sight while
they made an attempt to draw the redskins
into a trap.
The halt and hesitation upon the part of the
trappers was mistaken for cowardice by the
Indians, who immediately advanced to the
attack.
When they started upon their charge they
were widely scattered; but they gradually
closed in until they came dashing forward in
one campact, solid mass of horsemen. The
half dozen hunters who were in the advance
retreated before this charge, until the yelling
redskins were fairly in ambush, when fire was
opened upon them from both sides.
At the first volley fifteen Navajoes fell
dead, while several others were wounded.
This terrific fire threw the Indians into the
wildest panic, which was increased by the
hunters advancing from cover, yelling and
rapidly loading and discharging their pieces
as they rushed upon them.
Had the trappers kept their places, the
Navajoes, who were really a corageous tribe,
would have rallied, but they were given no
time, and scattered in every direction, leaving
Young and his men complete masters of the
field, without having suffered the loss of one
of their number.
(To Be Continued).
(Note: The Magazine of American His
tory, from which we are copying the Kit
Carson sketch, is an admirable publication
published at Port Chester, New York. SI.OO
per year.)
SAFETY RAZOR
PREMIUM
Send 3 subscribers new or old,
to either one of the Jefferson
ians and get as a premium a
First Class ever ready Safety
Razor.
Send full price of SI.OO
each for weekly and $1.50 for
monthly. This razor is guar
anteed to give you perfect
satisfaction.
Address,
JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the Populists of the Ist Congressional
District of Alabama: I want to meet as many
of you as possible at our State Convention to
be held in the city of Birmingham on the 4th
day of March, 1908, for the purpose of making
arrangements' to thoroughly organize our dis
trict for the coming campaign and to make
any other arrangements, as may seem beat.
Yours very respectfully,
G. B. WILSON,
Chairman of Ist Diet.
SALESMAN WANTED to represent a firm com
posed of Southern people, selling reliable
goods to Southern people. Only men of good
character and hustling ability need apply. We
have a few good openings for the right men.
Be first in your community; write today.
SOUTHERN SUPPLY <30., 1295-1300 Broad
way, New Yerk.
PAGE THREE