THE TOBACCO CURE BUSINESS.
Some time ago I wrote the editor
of The Jeffersonian to know if there
were in the United States any league
or organization which had for its
main object the antagonism of the
use of tobacco. In substance, he told
me there was none. To my mind,
here is a great work for the philan
thropist who sincerely desires to
spend his money for the elevation of
his race, and yet there seems to be
but little done in this direction.
A short time ago I received a per
sonal letter from a party wishing to
correspond with me concerning the
sale of a “Tobacco Cure.” I did not
wish to enter that kind of a business,
so I wrote him a letter embodying
about the following sentiments: If
you can have any influence towards
preventing any poor dupe from con
tinuing in his filthy habit your work
will be good. A man in your busi
ness, however, might consistently
urge the general use of the weed, be
cause then he would have more cases
to “CURE.” No, the principle of
“CURING” the habit is not the best
thing. Curing the tobacco habit for
so much money is a species of graft;
but the principle of preventing the
use of the weed is the proper one for
us to press upon the public. Our race
is slowly, but surely, being degen
erated by the use of the stuff, and
yet there seems to be but little spe
cial effort by either individuals, or
ganizations, or the Government, to
stay our people in their thoughtless
enslavement. The tobacco craze is
not the only devitalizing vice to
which the American people are ad
dicted, but it is one of our greatest,
tanking alongside the drink habit,
not because its individual habitues
fall so low, but because it is more
prevalent among our general citizen
ship.
We have some ardent, well-mean
ing people who sometimes “fan the
air blue” with their prohibition ef
forts, while at the same time many
of these very same people are wading
in a mire, and filth of equal in
tensity, This is hypocrisy, pure and
simple. Such people are in the pre
dicament of trying to clean up their
neighbors and at the same time stay
dirty themselves. A dishonest man
is one who wants to force others to
do things which he does not wish to
do himself. Or, to reverse the ex
pression, a dishonest man is one who
wants to continue doing things which
he desires to make others quit doing.
The prohibition business as it is
usually interpreted is all right in a
small way, but it is so narrow and
often so inconsistent with its own
principles. It is too much like one
dirty dog fighting another. No,
brother, don’t stop with fighting the
alcohol habit, but fight with equal
force all equal evils, and one of these
is tobacco-using. If I were to name
the four greatest vices of our people
—the four that most greatly weaken
the physical stamina of our race—
one of them would be the tobacco
vice, and in weakening the physical
man the mental and moral degen
eracy is correspondingly great. I care
but little for this “Tobacco Cure”
business, for it is a species of “graft,”
but I would feel proud if I could help
teach the world that tobacco-using is
so vile and degrading to both parent
and posterity that it is not '’to be
tolerated by well-meaning people
anywhere. Oh, what a sin occurs
when a father or mother transmits
to offspring those mental, moral and
physical defects which inevitably fol
low tobacco inebriation. It is foolish
for any man or woman to hope for an
evasion of the eternal laws that gov
ern here. No inspiration or dispensa
tion can ever change the laws of
hereditary transmission.
So many ministers are out preach
ing a “pure life” and at the same
moment their own brains, their
bodily tissues and every nerve in
them are being macerated in a solu
tion of nicotine and other poisons
that are inherent in the tobacco
plant. What hypocrisy again!
Along with pushing your “Tobac
co Cures” your main duty and the
great obligation your Creator has
placed upon you, and all others, is to
induce people to steer clear of all
poisonous drug usage for, like to
bacco, they become filthy, demoral
izing and degenerating in all their
tendencies.
Very truly,
P. A. SPAIN, M. D.
The Jeffersonian for 1910 will be
a real live wire.
MAY HE BE SPARED FOR THE
GREATLY NEEDED WORK.
In his weekly Jeffersonian of 18th
inst., Tom Watson says:
“In 1910, ‘if I live and nothin’
happens,’ I’m going to tell you a
whole lot of things about the Cath
olic church that you don’t know.
Just wait until I finish off the series
of studies of Socialism, then the
guns will play on Roman Catholi
cism awhile. That diabolical super
stition has become insolently aggres
sive in these United States, and it is
high time the foul and bloody record
of Papa’s hierarchy were being ex
posed. My historical explorations
have familiarized me with this fear
ful record and you shall be put in
possession of the damning facts. &f
--ter that is done, I shall devote Sty
labors to a history of the South and
West. We have no history of this
country,—not one. We have glorifi
cations of New England, and libels
on the South, and books which stu
diously ignore the West. I mean to
write the splendid history of the
South and West, —and it ought to be
more interesting than any novel, for
the facts themselves are thrillingly
dramatic.”
Every Southern man should rejoice
at the latter part of this announce
ment. Mr. Watson has proven him
self a historian of exceptional ability.
His history of France has taken high
rank with the best of their own writ
ers in that country. His long train
ing and his strong patriotism and his
own extensive personal knowledge,
together with his large sources of re
liable information eminently qualify
him for this work, and the Review
hopes he may soon accomplish the
undertaking. No man, in its opin
ion, is better fitted to perform the
work, and none more sincere and
loyal to the people of his Southland.
—Athens (Tex.) Review.
PILES CURED AT HOME BY
NEW ABSORPTION METHOD
If you suffer from bleeding, Itching,
blind or protruding Piles, send me
your address, and I will tell you how
to cure yourself at home by the new
absorption treatment; and will also
send some of this home treatment free
for trial, with references from your
own locality if requested. Immediate
relief and permanent cure assured.
Send no money, but tell others of this
offer. Write today to Mrs. M. Sum
mers, Box 480, South Bend, Ind.
TJeffersonian.
r
The Blade and Bludgeon J
Edited by HON. EMMETT R. SHAW |
MOTTO: Speak the truth fearlessly, let results care for themselves |
Emmett R. Shaw is the man who in the Legislature of 1907
and 1908 introduced the original resolution to probe the Prison |
Board and to investigate the convict system of Georgia.
The fighter to the finish of the Guano Tag Tax. g
The first public man to openly fight immigration when first
agitated a few years ago.
A friend to the bottom-railers, and the under-dogs. He cares
not whose head gets broken, or whose hide torn; he speaks the
truth about anything. Has no friends to reward, no enemies to
punish save the enemy of the principles of government which
represents the best interest of the masses.
If you can stand the hard, hot truth you can’t afford not to
have his paper. If you can’t stand it, don’t order it.
Price SI.OO per annum. To readers of this ad, we offer
Blade and Bludgeon and either monthly or weekly Jeffersonian I
for $1.25. I
Order a paper that is edited, owned, and controlled by its
editor. Address
BLADE AND BLUDGEON, Fort Gaines, Ga.
Remit as suits your convenience
80 CENTS FOR 20 NAMES
Send me 20 cents and names and postoffices of 20 farmers and I’ll
send you for two years the Illinois Farmer, big semi-monthly (big
Women’s,. Fashions and Children’s departments). Regular subscrip
tion price 50 cents a year.
JOHN M. STAHL, PUBLISHER, 1 J. P. Sta., Chicago, Ills.
■'*■■■ " ■' ‘ —'
BUY YOUR MAGAZINES THROUGH
Walker’s Magazine Agency
AUGUSTA, GEORGIA
Our Fifty-page Club Rate Catalogue is now ready.
IT’S FREE! A postal will bring it to your door.
The following are a few of our sample offers:
American ® ne Year Hampton’s 1 Both
Cosmopolitan J $1.50 Woman’s Home Comp, J $2.00
Uncle Bemus 1 Qng y gar Success I G p .
Watson s Magazine $1 60 Woman’s Home Comp. i 7n
or Weekly * ’ McClure’s J
Home Needlework $l5O Saturday Evening Post ■ $1.50
Be sure to patronize the South’s Leading Magazine Sub
scription Agency. Careful attention paid to all orders,
whether large or small. Magazines sent to any address,
and mailed direct to the subscriber from the publisher.
WALKER’S MAGAZINE AGENCY, Augusta, Ga.
Are You Looking for a Home?
Then investigate Colquitt County. Its farm-lands are unsurpassed by any
in ths State of Georgia. Its population consists principally of white Geor
gians, who are prosperous and contented.
Correspond with us if in need of farm-lands either as a home or as an in
vestment. We are prepared to supply your wants, in either large or small
tracts, at very low prices and easy terms.
Perfect titles, well-drained soil, healthy dimate, good roads, good schools
and churches in every community. Fine railroad facilities and excellent
nearby markets for all farm products. For further particulars write us.
COLQUITT COUNTY LAND COMPANY,
Moultrie. Georgia.
PAGE NINETEEN