AN AUTUMN PICTURE.
I walked today in the autumn
woods, and from every way I looked
the dainty goldenrod was waving me
a happy, graceful greeting, swayed
gently by the murmuring autumn
breeze.
With beauty-bewildered eyes I be
held the glory of the sumach, maple
and sweetgum-—great bouquets they
were of crimson, of gold, and of
purplish-red.
A green-and-gold china tree lifted
its branches toward the dreamy blue
of the sky, and a gray squirrel frol
licked up and down the-.trunk of a
great water oak.
Overhead, in the boughs of the
dark, green pine trees, the winds
were chanting a requiem to the dy
ing year, and at my feet the leaves
were blown here and there, as if they
were rather confused at the turn
things had taken.
All the summer long the airy,
trembling leaves have worked with
Titanic energy, beautifying, purify
ing the earth, shading it, cooling it,
fanning it, absorbing the carbonic
acid gas, giving off oxygen and mak
ing the air fit for animal life to
breathe, and now they fall to the
earth —their mission ended? Not yet.
For awhile they will blow lightly
about at our feet, then the sleep of
winter will overtake them, the rains
will fall gently upon them, and by
the wonderful chemistry of nature
they will be converted into new soil
for the flowers to grow in next spring.
In the yard the roses are blooming
—throwing bouquets to the departing
year —and the chrysanthemums are
getting ready to delight and cheer the
world with their beauty and fra
grance a little later.
Surely the year dies bravely and
beautifully!
Sallie Trueheart Parrish.
Editor Jeffersonian and Dear Read
ers:
Words are inadequate to express
the pride and pleasure I feel in the
thought that in dear old Georgia is
printed a political paper which ' ad
vocates politics in its purest form and
has so highly elevated the standard
that our most intelligent and refined
women deem it a privilege to be per
mitted to express their political sen
timents io the world through its col
umns.
The old parties have so degraded
and corrupted the political standard
that our best men and women asso
ciate the term politics with pollution.
A friend of mine who was strongly
urged to enter the race for ordinary
of this county at the beginning of the
last political campaign, consulted one
of our prominent physicians as to his
prospect of success. After regarding
him intently for a moment, the physi
cian replied, 1 ‘My friend, I will be
frank with you. I fear you will not
succeed. You are an honorable, up
right citizen, and it takes , a grand
rascal to win the race, as a general
rule.” Alas, how terrible! But God
will not allow such a dreadful state
Under The Vine and Tig Tree
Conducted by Grace Kirkland
of affairs to exist always. He per
mits injustice, oppression and tyran
ny to triumph for a time, but when
his intolerable limit is reached, he
puts forth his mighty hand and quells
them and he invariably uses human
instrumentality to accomplish his wise
and glorious purposes. I firmly be
lieve his omnipotent hand is guiding
Honorable Thos. E. Watson in his
grand political reformation. Eighteen
years ago when he left Congress and
affiliated with the Populist party, he
The Lighthouse and the Ship.
They who builded it may have had slight understanding of fitness —
to give so much strength to a structure, and rear it where it could do so
little good; to place a light so clear and lofty—where so few vessels
passed. Yet, year after year, stood the light-house upon that desolate
coast and night after night its tower seemed a tall taper lit among the
stars. Around its base clung ivy and the iterant beat of the tides made
monotonous sound, but always the slender edifice was as an alien —odd,
friendless and alone. Fearless—for nothing was high enough to come
between it and the sunlight; and heroic —for it bent not to the rancorous
wind and rain which strove against it, while it waited and watched and
dreamed of the ship that was to come.
And at length came on a night of storm and wildness —a night of the
hurricane’s eldritch scream and of the thunder of great billows; when
the wind-riven deep fought, as a frantic creature, against the tortur
ings of the tempest—when the lightning welded the huge clouds to
gether in great brassy sheets and then rent them asunder for very fury
—and suddenly the light-house wag roused from its hushed conscious
ness, for, caught in the trough of the waves was a little craft, driven
nearer and ever nearer the jutting crags.
NOW the lighthouse knew' its purpose. How its lights blazed in an
effulgence which streamed out over the darkness until the tiny boat
was encircled with radiance —caught and pointed away from the deadly
rocks!
“Only a few hours, little boat, and the storm will be over!” sig
nalled the light. “Only a little while and the quiet waters will be won.
Be of good cheer, thou gallant, thou tardy one! Ah, in the flashes of
the lightning and in the glow of my lamps I can see the marks of many
another storm thou hast outridden, and in this, the last and worst,
thou shalt not perish—for have Inot longed for thee, 0 ship of long
coming, little ship of my ultimate dreams?”
So —were the elements finally calmed and the little boat lay supine
upon the breast of the ocean, which rocked it tenderly now, for it was
sorely crippled. “Little boat, little boat,” smiled the light-house,
“thou art through with terrors at last —and now thou sEalt bide al
ways in my light and I shall be no longer weary of gazing at the sea —
for thou wilt be there. I have saved thee and thou art mine!”
“Nay,” sobbed the little ship—“but I am too grievously wounded
from all the storms of the past! I have not strength enough even to
live in thy glory, 0 light of my uttermost heart’s desire! Yet —for
that I have seen at last such one as thou —and know in truth that God
hath placed such strength as thine to succor the weak wayfarer from
stranger ports, I will wander no more. There is, at least, the courage
left to break myself upon the rocks at thy feet!”
Thus —with the storms all past and the harbor almost reached, the
shattered ship—the ship of long coming—little ship of a beautiful, hope
less dream —went down! Clara Jordan.
made one of the greatest sacrifices
ever made by mortal man, for had he
“ganged along with the gang,” il
limitable fame would have been his
reward. He would have been petted,
bribed and sought after by both par
ties and could have filled any office or
commanded any position he desired,
but the prospect of illgotten fame
could not swerve him from the path
of duty, notwithstanding the dreary,
toilsome, rugged way he knew he was
destined to plod in order to prove
loyal to himself, his countrymen and
his God. I consider him the greatest
of all Think what will-
tScffersonian
power, what resolution, what deter
mination, what strength of character,
it required to remain steadfast amid
the bitter denunciations, harsh ridi
cule and the deep humiliations he en
dured, but step by step he is climb
ing the ladder of success and I be
lieve ere long he will reach its top
most round.
I wish to make a proposition to ev
ery reader of of The Jeffersonian that
we enter our closets several times
each day and on bended knees im-
plore the great God of heaven to
grant that Honorable Thos. E. Wat
son may be elected President, let us
not forget that fervent, effectual
prayer avails much.
The Populists’ political rally at
Baxley last Saturday is encouraging.
Col. Dorough was greeted by a goodly
number and his speech enjoyed im
mensely. We sincerely hope Mr.
Watson will one day honor Appling
county with a political address, for
he has a host of loyal, enthusiastic
supporters within its limits.
Miss Sara Abbott.
Rockinghaub. Ga. ? R. F. D. 1.
Waynesboro, Ga., Oct. 19, 1908.
Dear Editress:
I cannot keep silent any longer,
though women have no right to vote,
I believe some are better qualified to
do so than some men. For many of
the men will not think or investigate
questions of “political economy” for
themselves, but follow blindly some
political trickster, banker or lawyer;
whichever way the Democratic Bank
er D—, or Lawyer N —, says vote,
that is the way. Principle, or south
ern manhood, has not to be consid
ered. To my view, how a southern
man with any pride can vote for Bry
an is beyond comprehension. Their
pusillanimity both excite my pity and
disgust. If they only inform them
selves and not be led by those who
are actuated by the most intense self
ishness, how much better it would be
for them in a few years!
If it was not for the benefit of
future generations, I would be tempt
ed to say, Let them go on in ignor
ance, for misrepresentations are oft
en believed instead of truth.
I have always been an ardent ad
mirer of Hon. Thomas E. Watson, and
in future years his glorious, unselfish
motives will be appreciated by all, as
they are now by many. And then
“honor will be given where honor is
due,” while those who now heap vi
tuperation upon him will be covered
in oblivion.
But I pray he may yet be presi
dent of this fair land of ours, where
he will have power to put in execu
tion, “Equal rights to all, and spe
cial privileges to none.”
Yours sincerely,
E. M.
USEFUL HINTS.
Dust accumulates very rapidly on
the foliage of house plants. In the
care of thick-leaved palms, the leaf
surfaces should be freed from dust
by frequent washing in tepid water.
Dust chokes up the pores and suffo
cates the plant, consequently this
matter is important and should be
frequently attended to if one expects
healthy plants.
Cut worms may be detected when
the plant withers or topples over, cut
or partly cut in two just below the
surface. The worms are easily found
about half an inch under the soil.
Put a circle of fine coal ashes, slight
ly dug under the soil, all around the
plant.
All acids are injurious to the teeth.
Medicines containing acids should be
taken through <a glass tube and the
mouth rinsed with a little borax and
water.
To place a pillow properly on the
bed, take the pillow by two corners,
the long way, and shake the feathers
down well. Then, still retaining' hold
of the ends, lay the pillow on the bed,
the edge coming to where the pillow
would lie, then turn it right back in
place. This leaves all the extra full
ness in the slip beneath the pillow
and out of sight, while the pillow it
self presents a smooth, unbroken sur
face.—Woman’s Work.
PAGE FIVE