THE FARMERS' UNION HYMNAL
Contains a choice collection of Farmers’ Union
songs, calculated to build up the cause of
unionism wherever sung. Price, 10 cents per
copy, sl.lO per dozen, postpaid. Round or
shaped notes. Address
A. C. NEECE,
Sunset, Texas, Route I.
The Ute and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson
contains a biographical sketch written by him
self, and a careful selection of addresses made
by him during the last thirty years.
These speeches cover a great variety of
subjects. They begin with a eulogy which Mr.
Watson delivered in the Georgia Legislature
on Alex H. Stephens. They contain some of
his Commencement speeches. They also con
tain his Labor Day speech, and many of his
political and economic addresses, the result of
years of the closest research and study. These
speeches cover the Child Labor question, Na
tional Finance, discussion of the Tariff Sys
tem, of the National Banking System, the
Government Ownership of Railroads, the cor
rupt legislation put upon the country by the
two old parties, a thorough exposition of the
principles of Jeffersonian Democracy and a
thorough treatment of the evils of class legis
lation which now oppress the people.
This book is illustrated, is printed in good
type, and is bound in cloth. Price, prepaid,
$1.50.
We will send this book free of charge to
any one who subscribes to the Jeffersonian
Magazine for five years at $5.00. The book
will also be sent as a premium to any one
who will raise a club of five subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each. It will be mailed as a premium
to any one who sends us six subscribers to
the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,.
Thomson, Ga.
Hand Book of Politics and Economics
In this large volume Mr. Watson gives a
mass of the most valuable statistical informa
tion bearing on every great subject, politi
cal and economic. He also gives the history
of political parties and a summary of all
political platforms.
He also gives a history of national legisla
tion, especially of that class of legislation
which now oppresses the common people.
The National Banking System Is fully ex
plained, and its evils demonstrated. The black
chapter of financial legislation which began
with the Civil War and which had its cul
mination in the panic of 1907, is given in full.
In this book you will learn all about our
system of Tariff taxation. You will find in it
the strongest arguments in favor of the gov
ernment ownership of railroads and other pub
lic utilities. You will find in it a discussion
of Socialism; the encroachments of the Fed
eral Judiciary; the peculiar injustice of the
national government to the farming class; the
dangerous encroachments of the Catholic
clergy, and a clear statement of those reme
dies which should be applied in order that
the political body should be made whole.
Price, delivered, SI.OO.
We will mall this book free of charge to
any one who sends us four subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each, or who sends us five subscribers
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomeen, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
MISSIONARIES WANTED
Go out in the highways and the
by-ways of the country, ye Populists,
and drag ’em in. If at first they won’t
subscribe, try, try again. If they are
still obdurate, stand ’em on their
heads until the money rolls out of
their pockets. Then pick up a dollar
and send it to us for a six months’
subscription to the two Jeffersonians.
They will live to thank you.
Tbe Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
Get your eye on the Athens Busi
ness College, Athens, Ga. Largest
school of Bookkeeping, Business
Training, Shorthand, and Typewriting
State. Positions secured. Fill
|g||iKg in and mail for 168 page catalog.
Name
" Address
*
wOL ~i L *_
A ******
Bigger
Cotton Yields Per Acre V
* The value of commercial fertilizers has fy#
Wft. been demonstrated over and over again by
both government and private comparative
tests. We stand ready to demonstrate to • 4
you at any time that the surest way to “in- 1
crease yields per acre” is to use /W
Ip Vuyinia-Carolina j
Fertilizers
Hon. R. J. Redding, former Director of the Geor- ®|
/, gia. Exp. Station, is authority for the statement that M
“experiments made at this station show that well Ml
balanced commercial fertilizer applied to one acre
of land, and well cultivated, may be reasonably ex
pected to produce an increase of yield of seed
cotton. At the present price of cotton this would
y 'ty; mean a large extra profit (for both lint and seed), B
/r after deducting the price for fertilizer.”
/ You’ll find reports of many other comparative f jf
| tests, together with much valuable information con-
cern * n g land culture in the new Virginia-Carolina
Year Book or Almanac. Ask you local fertilizer M
dealer for a copy-—or we’ll send you one h
ree ’ y° U wr ’ te our nearest sales office. y»
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
/ Richmond, Va. Durham, N.C.
Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S.C. «
Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md. Ig
;l ’ ' -Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga.
i't Savannah, Ga. Montgomery, Ala. Algf
/** a. Memphis, Tenn. »
J? Shreveport, La.
' ♦' Kliyinia Carolinas .
Keep Up Your French
READ Le Courrier des Etats-Unis
* •
the official French newspaper in America. Lat
est news from Paris. SHORT AND SERIAL
STORIES. Parisian fashions. Literary con
tributions by prominent writers.
La Cuisine Francaise. Sample copy free.
Address Mr. Alexandre, Subscription Dept, 195
Fulton St., New York City.
Special Campaign Offer
The Weekly Jeffersonian and the Missouri
World for one year $1.15
The Jeffersonian Magazine and the Missouri
World for one year $1.65
Both Jeffersonians and the Missouri World
for one year. $2.15
The Missouri World, published weekly, is a
straight Populist paper and is still edited by
P. J. Dixon, who established it nearly twenty
years ago.
9
PAGE FIFTEEN