ownership of dll the land, without any excep
tion whatever. It cuts the foundation from
under the Home, by making war on Super
natural Beings, and the present marriage sys
tem; and also by relieving the man of all
duties and responsibilities concerning his
wife and children. The Socialists propose
that “Society” support the wife and the
child. The head of the familv would be, not
the husband and father, but “Society”. Can’t
you see how the Home, as we know it, would
disappear ?
Now, I can’t afford to discuss Socialism
with Mr. Anybody and Everybody; but, se
lecting the names of the nationally known
and representative Socialists, I challenged
them to sign and publish a definition of So-
in its relation to those particular
matters — the Home, the Marital System, Re
ligion, the Land, and Social Equality.
The Socialist leaders were simply afraid to
do it. Eugene Debs, Fred Warren, J. A.
Wayland, Victor Berger, Robert Hunter,
Richard Le Gallienne dared not come to the
scratch.
How can intelligent people follow leaders
p who are either too cowardly, or too guilty of
the double-facedness that I have charged
them with, to sign and publish a plain, direct
definition of their creed, as to those particu
lar points?
No wonder the Editor of the Girard Jour
nal became disgusted. It’s a marvel to me
that all Southern men who have been led off
into this nasty European mess, don't realize
the tremendous meaning of the failure of
those Socialist leaders TO GIVE THAT
DEFINITION.
If they are acting on the Square, with their
followers, what excuse can they give for their
refusal to define their creed?
Eugene Debs, Fred IF arren and J. A.
Wayland are spreading Socialism by dishon
est methods.
And these imposters know that, if they
tried to answer my fair and legitimate ques
tions, they'd have to drop their masks and
stand before the people in their true charac
ters.
To wit: as FRAUDS, HYPOCRITES,
TWO-FACED MEN, FORKED-TONGUE
IMPOSTERS!
Since they didn’t have the manhood to
take up my challenge, I am changing it to a
dare that they will have to accept.
On the back-cover of the April number of
IF atson's Magazine I am inviting some of
their nationally known authors to come into
the magazine, and debate Socialism with me.
Surely they won't be too timid to come!
Hon. Martin Calvin and Two New
Features in The Jeffersonian
(concluded from page nine)
ways had a hearty handshake for me when
we met. It wasn’t so with every one of my
former friends. Not by any means. The
very Edge Eve mentioned in Calvin’s letter,
refused to take my offered hand, in the pas
senger coach—thus administering a public
insult that I had to take as the soldier takes
his wound.
Calvin’s letter to my only son was not
meant to be published; but he will forgive a
life-long friend the liberty I am taking. It
throws a flash-light which may illumine some
things, for some people, without harming anv
one. J
Besides, it outlines our plans to improve
The Jeff —doing it better than I could.
Read the Hon. Martin’s, letter, and you’ll
feel that you are in touch with as kindly a
heart as ever throbbed.
Experiment, Ga., March 22, 1910.
Dear Durham:—Mighty glad to hear from you.
Think of you very often—always kindly. You
know, for some time, I have been thinking of
jumping on a train and running down to Thom
son that I might get a day’s rest under your
Cbbe 3&ftersoniaft
father’s hospitable roof, but time and work press
upon me, and it is sueh a distance to Thomson.
My, my, I never had an idea how far Augusta is
from the other portions of the State. Why, it is
away off in the Eastern side of the State! I
knew all that before but never realized it as a
fact. And yet, “you all” think you are, in medias
res, “IT.”
The short of it is, I can not go anywhere ex
cept to Atlanta or Macon. Now, for the agricul
ttural page in The Jeffersonian. I think it a good
idea. I have oft-times wondered why you did not
carry such a page. If you should divide a page
between Agriculture and Stories of the War Be
tween the States, you’d give the people a popular
and helpful page.
I have thought of giving you an article on Ag
riculture and an occasional story on battles in
which I took part of which I know—one good as
the other. Mighty little Confederate history be
ing written of the kind that tells of what this and
that command did. When in the Legislature, I
spent as many leisure hours as I could command
in the State Libarry. I have been astonished and
overwhelmed almost with regret to see in the
book-cases so many elaborate stories of this and
that Federal Regiment ’6l-65. A few years ago,
on Memorial Day, in Augusta, General M. C. But
ler was to be the speaker at the morning meeting
of Confederate Veterans. A young man, reporter
for one of the city papers, asked who was to
speak? Edge Eve replied, “General M. C. But
ler.” “Well,” asked the reporter, “who is Gen
eral Butler?” Captain Eve said: “I am tempted
to slap you to the ground because of your inex
cusable ignorance.”
But—selah.
Oh, yes—this byway of rest—for this letter is
out of the line of many I write daily about fer
tilizers, corn, cotton, sick cows, good churns,
sore-head in chickens, scaly-leg, etc., etc.
I was in Atlanta yesterday on business. Lady
said to me: “Dr. Broughton took my friend and
myself up in his magnificent auto, and whirled
us to the Terminal Station. I had never met the
Doctor. I declare, next to Mr. Tom Watson, he
has the most charming manners of any gentle
man I know.” See that! She had no idea I
would ever repeat her remark, but I love to tell
such nice little stories.
What yon want on your agricultural page is
matter practical in nature, in short articles, pref
erably signed articles, telling how crops have
been grown and how they may be grown. Short
articles on fertilizers, that is, as to composition
and use. Many a farmer, buying 1,000 pounds of
soda, for example, thinks he has 1,000 pounds of
plant food, whereas, he has 160 pounds, there be
ing 16 per cent, of nitrogen in the nitrate. Then
there is an inviting field in poultry, in the raising
of which the people should be encouraged. In
duce your farmer readers to write an article,
telling how they succeeded with this or that crop.
You will have to edit—re-write a number of such
contributions. Then if no one be engaged to sup
ply the matter, you’ll have to clip a few articles
from your exchanges. I will try to drop you a
line now and then. Just now I am writing for
Monday’s Telegraph.
Whenever you feel I can give you a good sug
gestion, draw on me.
I never knew what “STRENUOUS” meant till I
took hold of this work. I was in my office before
7 o’clock this a. m. till breakfast, replying to in-'
quiries which can not be answered with “your
favor received and contents noted”, but a detailed
answer is due the inquirer. I give to each one
that kind of reply. The 9 o’clock a. m. mail is
just in—ten letters, every one contains one or
more pertinent inquiries bearing on field, orchard
or dairy.
My regards to your good mother and father.
Yours sincerely, MARTIN V. CALVIN.
To Hon. Durham Watson, Thomson, Ga.
The Religious Press Persistently
Violating the Law
“There lies before me as I write” a label
taken off a copy of Dear Doctor Lovett’s well
known paper, the Advocate. The label bears
the legend:
“24Ja08.”
This means that the subscription was re
ceived more than three years ago, for it ex
pired on the 24th of January, 1908.
Yet our beloved M. J. Cofer is mailing out
duns to delinquents, in which he seems to state
that all subs, that were in arrears were
dropped September, 1909.
What’s the matter with these religious pa
pers that they cannot run according to law?
The‘editors are Christians, aren’t they? They
have felt the wonderful influence of saving
grace, haven’t they?
1 et they cannot do so simple a thing as
obey the law.
Ought they to be setting a bad example?
Should they not practise what they preach?
Isn t it their duty to act as models of good
behaviour?
let we find practically every one of these
religious papers violating the law, aiding the
railroads to rob the Government, adding to
the labors of mail-clerks and postmasters, im
posing a fictitious circulation on advertisers
and saying by actions that speak louder than
words:
“IFc have no respect for law.”
I hese are the Holy Ones who are so might
ily worried over the squeezed feet of the
girls of the Smart Set in China.
These ’are the Pharisees who rake and
scrape our Southern congregations to get
money to send music teachers and trained
nurses to the heathen.
These are the men who claim to understand
Christ better than His disciples did.
These are the men who would burn me at
the stake if they could, because The Jeffs
are fighting on 'the side of the Home folks
and the Whites, instead of the inferior races
of foreign lands.
Why don't they rim their papers right?
II hy don't they gait helping the railroads
bleed the Government?
If they’ve got the changed hearts which
they profess, why not change their evil, law
less ways?
I have another label, on another religious
paper, The Christian Sun, which shows that
the man to whom the paper goes subscribed
in 1906, and has not since renewed!
Isn't it a shame?
There is no telling how many thousands
of tons of this illegal mail the railroads have
hauled. There is no telling how many mil
lions of dollars the lawlessness of the relig
ious press has cost the people.
Won’t you help me put a stop to it?
You can do so by writing to vour religious
paper.
And Even Charley Bartlett Wants
It Again !
Mv friend, the Hon. C. L. Bartlett, is cir
culating the “Speech of Thetus W. Sims” in
his Congressional District, just as Charles
Edwards, T. W. Hardwick, etc., are doing in
theirs.
I suppose that the whole tribe of “I-want
it-again ’, are at it. Thus they are saddling
the . people with the expense of circulating
their campaign literature.
That “Speech’’ of Thetus consists of a
newspaper clipping. It was read in Congress
by Thetus, in 1901. Thetus himself is now
in the hallowed seclusion of private life—to
which destination those who are circulating
his “Speech” might as well check their
trunks.
What right have these Congressmen to re
print that old newspaper clipping at your
expense ? What right have they to be load
ing mail-sacks with tons of that ancient doc
ument ?
If they are not violating the letter of the
law, they are certainly sinning against its
spirit.
The Republicans had no real legal right to
spend the public money printing hundreds of
thousands of copies of the speeches of Can
non and Taft—made on the stump—and to
use these speeches for campaign purposes at
your expense.
The Republicans and Democrats, alike, are
using this “Speech” of Thetus. Millions of
copies will no doubt be employed to secure the
re-election of the I-want-it-agains.
But it isn't right. Enjoying such salaries
as they gave themselves, don’t you think that
they might circulate newspaper clippings
with their own money, instead of yours?
But, coming to Charley Bartlett : how long
PAGE THIRTEEN