PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian,
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. Nov. 18, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Can You Reconcile Dr. McAr
thur’s Different Statements ?
Rev. Dr. Asa Blackburn, of New York
City, made some hideous revelations con
cerning Chinese mission work. These awful
facts were published in the New York World
of June 21, 1909.
Dr. Blackburn has never crawfished. He
has mans ully stood by what he said.
By a mixture of names, I credited his state
ments to the Rev. Dr. J. S. McArthur, the
eminent Baptist minister of New York. The
Doctor wrote to me, soon afterwards, dis
claiming the alleged interview in the World;
and stating, further, that he knew of no such
facts as those mentioned by Dr. Blackburn.
Os course I then gave the name of Dr. Black
burn as my witness, instead of that of Dr.
McArthur. But our Methodist brother, R. C.
Cleckler, likewise wrote to Dr. McArthur;
and the Doctor furnished him a letter,'about
the same as the one he wrote me. This second
epistle was used, with much gusto, in The
Wesleyan Christian Advocate, to prove me a
very prolific liar.
(I have respectfully and repeatedly re
quested Rev. Dr. AV. C. Lovett to let me be
heard in reply to Cleckler and Towson. I
trust that this Georgia paper will not refuse
to a Georgian the right to repel the assaults
which have been made on him in the Advo
cate.)
Now, it is undeniable that Dr. McArthur
talked to the reporter of the New York
World, on the same day that Dr. Blackburn
did. What was the substance of Dr. McAr
thur's statement? It was that the system of
individual instruction of Chinamen by Amer
ican girls was bad; but, owing to the extra
precautions which he had taken, no scandals
had occurred in his church. Two of his lady
teachers had married their slant-eyed pupils;
and Dr. McArthur had, “with great reluc
tance'’, performed the ceremony.
Great reluctance? I should think so.
Those women are now probably going to the
josshouse, with their Chinese husbands, and
are bringing into the world little disciples of
Confucius.
The very first words used by Dr. McArthur,
in his talk to the reporter, were these:
“It has always seemed to me a very bad thing
to place our young women in close relation with
Chinese.”
Gracious! When you stop to think what
that implies, can't you see that Dr. McArthur
meant just about the same as Dr. Blackburn?
After stating how much he had disliked
and dreaded the system, and how glad he was
to drop it, Dr. McArthur went on to say:
“No consideration could induce us to resume
the former work. If it did not bring misfortune
to ourselves, we felt that it ought to be discon-
Obe. 'Jeffersonian
tinued, BECAUSE OF THE EFFECTS OF IT
WHICH WE OBSERVED ELSEWHERE.”
In other words, Dr. McArthur did see the
same hideous results of it that Dr. Blackburn
had seen!
Reader, don’t you think that this eminent
minister had better have refrained from
writing to Cleckler the letter which appeared
in the Advocate?
In the New York World, he said the exact
opposite of what he afterwards said in two
private letters.
And Dr. McArthur should be extremely
careful how he denies what he said to the re
porter.
You, Reader, know what happened to Dr.
Paul Wakefield and Dr. S. J. Corey. They
denied the correctness of the newspaper re
port of that Crawfordsville lecture, and the
reporters laid the two Doctors out. Yes; flat
of their backs, lie Doctors Wakefield and
Corey.
Below we reprint clipping as it appeared in
the New York World:
“Without Exception, the Ministers Denounce Sys
tem of Individual Instruction.
“Representative opinion among city clergymen
is well settled in opposition to individual mission
work by young women among the Chinese. Those
whose service in this field dates back twenty-five
years recall that fad which then enlisted nearly
all the prominent churches in individual work
bore no good results and subsided because it
threatened evil. Many of the clergymen yet active
assisted in its discouragement and some of them
recall with satisfaction that they saved their par
ishes from it. The present feeling of the body of
the clergy is very strong for the complete elimi
nation of the system to which Elsie Sigel was sac
rificed.
“ ‘lt always seemed to me a bad thing,’ said
the Rev. Dr. R. S. MacArthur, of Calvary Baptist
Church, ‘to place our young women in close re
lation with Chinese. Even when Calvary
Church carried on its own mission among Chinese
1 had misgivings as to the method employed.
These misgivings existed in spite of the many
precautions the church took to avoid the evils of
too friendly interest. We had a Chinese Sunday
school, with a regular attendance of forty to fifty
pupils, which we maintained for ten years. A
man superintended it and there were teachers,
male and female, young and old. Individual
teaching seemed to be the practice among the
churches and we adopted it.
‘Whether by reason of our precautions, or by
special good" fortune, we did not menace’ us in
a single instance. I confess that in the course of
the work I performed the marriage ceremony on
two occasions between Chinese and white women.
At the time I expressed my reluctance, but the
parents of the women were willing and I hardly
felt entitled to press objections. The persons
whom I married did not belong to my parish.
♦
“Saw Evil in the System.
“ ‘Although no affiliations annoyed us, we could
not fail to observe that the system encouraged
them. When finally a proposition came from the
American Baptist Home Missionary Society to
unite our pupils with tne pupils of other churches
for further religious instruction by a Chinese mis
sionary who had arrived from San Francisco, we
were very glad to comply. No consideration could
induce us to resume the former work. If it did
not bring misfortune to ourselves, we felt that it
ought to be discontinued under the old system be
cause of the effects of it which we observed else
where.’ ’’
El E) El
Keep the Pirates Off the Rivers !
Neither the Federal Government nor the
States should charter corporations to grab the
waterpower sites along onr rivers. The pub
lic should never be deprived of those enor
mously valuable properties. TO GIVE
THEM OVER TO PRIVATE SPECU
LATORS AND “DEVELOPERS”, IS TO
FETTER OUR FUTURE.
It ought not to be done, no matter how
much money is offered.
Let the Federal Government and the States
develop these properties, and dedicate them,
eternally, to the use of the people.
El El El
Selling Cotton
For the crop of 1907, it is now evident that
we could have obtained twelve cents. At that
price middling cotton was selling when cer
tain would-be bosses of the Farmers’ Union
{some of whom own no land, and grow no cot
ton) thought to play Big Ike. They pre
vailed upon the Union to demand fifteen cents.
The spinners fought back, and their combina
tion was sufficiently strong to beat prices
down. Thousands of farmers were ruined. I
myself lost $5,000 by holding. The men who
got the Farmers’ Union into this awful mis
take lost nothing. They had no cotton. They
viewed with philosophic serenity the tremen
dous damages they had inflicted upon the
South.
Apparently, the same clique of bosses be
lieve that the victims of the mistake of 1907
have forgotten their wounds. Thursday
night, of last week, I read an editorial, in the
paper of one of these Farmers’ Union lead
ers, urging farmers to hold every pound of
cotton. This editor is a man who has no cot
ton, to sell or hold. Hence he runs no risks.
But you and I have cotton to sell, and we’d
be silly not to sell, when the price is so far be
yond anything that we could have dreamed of
last summer. The country is full of farmers
who were glad to sign contracts to deliver at
ten and twelve cents. Why? Because they
had been so hard hit, by the disastrous hold
ing-movement of 1907, that ten cents looked
good to them. No one could foresee the
drouth which was going to parch the crops of
Oklahoma and Texas. Had it not been for
this providential occurrence, the men who
sold at ten and twelve cents might have had
the laugh on those of us who did not sell. It
happened that way in 1907. Those who de
livered at twelve cents got fifteen or twenty
dollars per bale more than the rest of us.
But speculators got on to the fact that
Texas and Oklahoma would have terribly
short crops. A pool was formed, and the bull
movement was on. Prices soared. I couldn't
afford to hold thirteen-cent cotton, and my
factors had orders to “sell, keep selling”. No
matter how high it may fly, I’m not going to
weep over account-sales which net me twice
as much as I expected. I knew what the pool
could not last forever. No one could foretell
what the mills would do, OR WHAT THOSE
SPECULATORS WOULD DO.
When I finished reading that editorial in
which the farmers were told to refuse fifteen
cents for cotton, I thought to myself, “I hope
the Farmers’ Union people will not heed this
reckless man’s advice. A lot of fellows, inter
ested in warehouses, want to store the cotton,
and pocket storage profits. THEN, AGAIN,
BILLY WITHAM WOULD LIKE TO
LEND MONEY ON THIS STORED COT
TON AND PUT ADDITIONAL FEATH
ERS IN THE NEST OF HIM, THE SAID
BILLY. But who knows when the bull spec
ulators will get as far up as it feels safe to go,
and will turn loose? The prices will then
take a tumble.”
So, the thing was on my mind when I went
to bed, and it rose with me this morning
(Friday).
And lo! the first paper I picked up off the
table where the mail is opened, the Atlanta
Georgian, told the tale.
The bull-clique was smashed, and cotton
had lost s£.so per bale.
Os course, other speculators may form an
other pool, and drive the price up again, but
how can you afford to bet on cotton?
That’s just what you do, when you refuse a
big price, and take your chances with the spec
ulators who are bulling the market.
Look here, Farmer! How many times do
you need to be burnt, before you begin to
dread, the fire?
And have you bought any stock in the
Percheron stud-horse ?
BE ON YOUR GUARD, FARMER.
El El El