PAGE EIGHT
Ol)e Jeffersoniaa
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA,
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January n. 1907, as second class mail matter
<7*adf '> ! £ovncQ Z
ATLANTA, GA., OCTOBER 15, 1908.
Tickets.
We arc having printed in Atlanta 500,000
Populist tickets for the election on November
3. We will send these tickets to every county
in Georgia. We will take the utmost pains to
see that our tickets are at every precinct.
But there’s many a slip between the cup and
the lip, and we old Pops ought to remember
some of the things that used to happen.
Comrades, let each county be on the watch
out. If our tickets are not-in your county, at
least a -week before election day, YOU MAY
KNOW THAT SOMETHING IS WRONG.
In that case, GET BUSY! Don’t lose an hour.
Hurry to the nearest printing office, and have
a few thousand tickets struck off. If you can
not raise the money to pay the bill, go right
ahead and have them printed anyhow. Send
the bill to me. If necessary, put trusty men
on horses, and rush the tickets to the various
polling places.
In 1904, there were no tickets to be had in
some of our strongest counties. Let us see to
it that this does not occur again.
Friends, let us all crack on steam, and do our
level best. Rouse yourselves, and rouse others.
Let us give our national ticket such a vote on
November 3 as will the sensation of the cam
paign, and will show to the fighters of
sham battles that a real fight is on.
» t?. *
To Tly Triends.
Nothing would have given me greater pleas
ure than to have toured those states in which
Jeffersonian democracy is a living and sacred
faith. Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri, Alabama,
Mississippi, Arkansas are heavily sprinkled
with Populists—to say nothing of Nebraska,
Ohio and Illinois. To have visited these states,
and addressed the Old Guard would have been
a work of love. But it was impossible for me
to get away from Georgia. To do all in my
power to develop our full strength in Georgia,
and to keep the two Jeffersonians up to stand
ard required the whole of my time.
Hereafter, it will be different, and it is my
purpose to tour those states in which Populism
has a following.
Our National Committee has not been able
to give us much aid. With no campaign fund,
those who have been the champions of the
cause of the oppressed have been doing so
at their own expense.
Our State Committee, in Georgia, has been
in the same fix. We are fighting the battle of
the poor, and the poor are not able to help us
much.
Nevertheless, I believe that if my friends un
derstood the situation, our Committee would
receive a sufficient sum to pay forffhe printing
of tickets, the distribution of campaign litera
ture, the postage and clerical work for neces
sary correspondence.
For the hire of opera houses, traveling ex
penses, hotel bills, extra editions of the Jeffer
sonian, etc., I have spent upwards of two thou
sand dollars of my own money. This, in ad
dition to the work itself, will be admitted to
be a liberal contribution.
Now, I know you want to do your part.
How many of you will chip in one dollar to
ward the future expenses of the campaign?
Chairman Holloway will open headquarters
in Atlanta this week. He will stay on deck
until November 4. The rent, the stationery,
the clerk hire, the postage, the printing bills,
the traveling expenses of a few speakers, will
all demand cash. Not a cent will be spent im
properly. We want the vote of no man who
~ can. be influenced by money. We need no such
slush funds as Taft and Bryan have raised
from the agents of corporations. Just a few
hundred dollars will answer every purpose of
ours. We will publish the name of every con
tributor, the amount given, and the way in
which the money is spent.
Remit directly to Chairman J. J. Holloway,
Atlanta, Ga.
Friends, most of you can spare a dollar. Do
it. I am making an up-hill effort to rouse my
native state from her apathetic political serf
dom ; give me your substantial co-operation —
not for mv sake, but for the sake of the Cause.
T. E. W.
f
An Ohio Democrat.
Gen. I. R. Sherwood is the Democrat who
represents in Congress the Toledo district of
Ohio. He is a candidate for re-election.
Imitating the example of his Peerless leader,
Gen. Sherwood is making an earnest effort
to capture the negro vote. He does so, of
course, by denouncing Roosevelt's conduct in
dismissing from the army the black brutes who
shot up Brownsville, Texas.
This Ohio Democrat warmly defends For
aker, whose friendship to the negro soldiers
is as widely known as are his services to Stand
ard Oil.
The bloody riot for which President Roose
velt punished the negro troops was described
in detail in the Jeffersonian Magazine for Oc
tober. Read that story, and you will be fully
prepared to appreciate the vile conduct of Gen.
Sherwood, Democrat, in bidding for the negro
vote by taking the part of the Brownsville mur
derers.
SHERWOOD IN DEFENSE OF FORAKER.
In Ringing Speech Before Colored Voters Vet
eran Congressman Denounces President
Roosevelt —Also Censures Secretary Taft.
Speaks of Brownsville Affair and Lauds the
Colored Soldiers Who Were Dismissed From
U. S. Service.
Senator Foraker has found an able and
staunch supporter in his defense of the col
ored soldiers in the person of General Sher
wood, of this city. In a red hot speech, deliv
ered before a large crowd of colored voters at
Amarentli hall last evening, General Sherwood
defended the colored troops who were dis
missed from the service by President Roosevelt
for their part in the Brownsville affair.
The speaker of the evening also took a slap
at Secretary of War Taft and President Roose
velt for their action in the Brownsville affair
and made plain that his sympathy is entirely
with the colored soldier in this and all cases
of injustice.
* **
Where Did They Get It ?
Both the old parties raise immense sums of
money to use in presidential campaigns. Where
does it come from?
From corporations and individuals who want
special favors. Some politicians give large
sums, expecting appointments to office.
Thus John Wanamaker gave SIOO,OOO to
the Harrison campaign fund, and drew the
prize of the Postmaster-Generalship.
In like manner, a Newport Society man,
named Van Alen, gave $50,000 to the Cleve
land fund, with the understanding that he was.
to be appointed minister to Italy.
The corporations which contribute liberally
expect to be repaid by legislative favors. Laws
will be changed to suit them, and thus the ma-
Jeffersonian
chinery of government will be prostituted to
private gain. In this way the Whiskey Trust
secured the acts of Congress which give them
such profitable favors. In this way, the Stand
ard Qil Company, the Steel Trust, the Tobacco
Trust, and all the others, managed to get legis
lation which gives them the advantage over the
millions of unprivileged individual citizens.
The Sugar Trust people stated under oath,
during a congressional investigation, that" in
Republican States they contributed to the Re
publican campaign fund, and that in Demo
cratic States they contributed to the Demo
cratic campaign fund.
Similar testimony was given by the late la
mented patriot, Jay Gould, when that mighty
man of dollars was testifying before the New
York legislative committee which investigated
the political methods of the Erie Railroad.
So you see, dear reader, the source of the
two campaign funds —Democratic and Repub
lican—is the same. If one is a shame the other
is a disgrace.
Bryan and Taft are tarred by the same stick.
Both Bryan and Roosevelt knew what was
what in 1904, and both knew that the Harri
mans and Belmonts and Rockefellers and
Ryan expected something in return for their
big gifts to the campaign boodle.
How is it now? The Taft fund is as rotten
as Bryan’s, and vice versa.
Look at that list of contributors to the
dough-bag of the Peerless.
The first name is that of the notorious De
lanccy Nicoll —a very street-walker of New
York politics, a professional corruptionist who
has served Ryan and Belmont and Tammany
in some of the vilest of political manipulation;
Bill Sheehan —corporation henchman from
head to heel; Roger Sullivan, the man whom
Bryan denounced as unfit for decent Demo
cratic association; Perry Belmont, Moses Wet
more —but why prolong the list?
With this Wall Street, Tobacco Trust, Stand
ard Oil Crowd financing Bryan, he will, if
elected, go into office mortgaged to the privi
leged few —just as Taft will if he is the winner.
J?, >•
Same Old Cleveland Gang.
The Jeffersonian, in its feeble way, has been
doing what it could to prove that Bryan has
made a disgraceful, mercenary capitulation to
the plutocratic element of his party and has
thereby secured the suppOxt of the corporations
which debauched Cleveland’s second adminis
tration.
We now introduce a witness whose evidence
may convince thousands who could not be con
vinced by the Jeffersonian. •. /
Seeing that Bryan has a chance to be elected,
his Excellency, Hoke Smith, has deft his post
of duty as Governor of Georgia, and rushed
across the continent to get on the Bryan band
wagon. He no sooner reached ChicagoMhan
he burst into speech.
Here is what he said:
“All the advices I get from friends over the
whole country,” said Gov. Smith, “indicate
positively to me that the old Cleveland forces
to a man are behind Mr. Bryan this time, and
that we are going to win. The Democratic
party is more united than it has been at any
time since 1892.
“Now, as it was then, the tariff is a vital is
sue, and the voters of the country so regard
it. Every member of Mr. Cleveland’s Cabinet
now living is earnest and sincere in his support
of Mr. Bryan, and that fact is in itself full of
significance.”
Does that leave any doubt of Bryan’s shame
ful desertion of the people?
“Every member of Cleveland’s Cabinet now
living,” is an ardent Bryanite, which proves
the immensity of Bryan’s moral decadence.
Richard Olney was Cleveland’s Attorney-
General, and he is strong for Bryan —Olney
who drew a larger salary from the railroads
while a Cabinet officer than his salary amount
ed to; Olney, who practically loaned the U. S.