Who Is This Man ?
AA ho is it that is trying to stir up strife be
tween the landowner and his tenant?
Who is it that wants to prejudice the farmer
against the merchant ?
Who is it that seems to hate every man that
wears a clean shirt and lives in a good house?
Who is it that is endeavoring to lure the
farmers of the South into the Republican
party, through the ship-subsidy route?
Who is it that is about to place the South
ern landowners IN THE POWER OF THE
NEGRO SECRET-SOCIETIES, by hook
ing up with President Gompers?
Who is it that is decoying the farmer into
demanding that the Union Label shall be on
every article of merchandise that he pur
chases ?
If the farmers were to do this, the millions
of non-union workers, all over this country,
would have to do one of two things:
(1) Join the Labor Union, or
(2) Starve.
If all the laborers join the Union, there
would be, on the one hand, the Capitalistic
Trust; and, on the other, the Labor Trust.
Between these two millstones, the farmer,
the merchant, the professional man, the un
organized public would be crushed.
Can’t you see this? FOR GOD'S SAKE,
PUT ON YOUR THINKING-CAP!
The man I have in mind, is a demagogue
of the most dangerous type. His ambition is
boundless; his vanity, colossal.
Whom does the cap fit?
The men of the Labor Unions are just hu
man. Nobody that ever lived could be safely
trusted with despotic power. The best of us
are full of defects. Among the bread-win
ners, as among the capitalists, we will find all
sorts of characters, —good, bad and indiffer
ent.
You see what Capitalistic Trusts do to the
unorganized public, don’t you? They are rob
bing you of five millions of dollars every day,
over and above eight per cent, clear profit on
the money invested. How are you going to
mend matters by aiding President Gompers
organize a Labor Trust ?
Don’t you know that you’d be giving the
negroes a club to brain you with?
Think, Farmer, THINK!
!S gj gj
The South Needs Vigilance
Committees
A white lady, a few days ago, asked a black
wench whether she would do some washing
for her.
The ebony hell-cat replied:
“I’ll wash for you this week, if you will wash
for me. next week.’’
The secret societies have about ruined negro
labor. The towns are full of loafing bucks
and insolent black strumpets. The mayors
and town marshals either can not, or will not,
cope with the situation.
What’s the remedy ? Organize vigilance
committees. Whip some of those insolent
idlers. Compel them to go to work.
Are you afraid that they will burn you out?
You need not be. Before you whip a single
negro man or woman, go to their preachers,
and secret-society leaders, and say to them:
r “We are going to give these dirty vaga
bonds twenty-four hours to get busy on jobs.
If they are still loafing, after that time, we
are going to whip them, and keep on whip
ping them, until" they go to work. If there
is a single assassination or incendiary fire, we
will hold you responsible, and lynch you!”
Tell them that, and there will be no re
taliation.
Don’t work at night, and don’t disguise
yourselves.
DO YOUR WORK IN THE DAYTIME,
Heffersoaian
AND OPENLY, AN THE VIGILANTES
OF THE WEST DID.
Thus you will avoid the danger of having
gangs of toughs taking advantage of your ex
ample, to disguise themselves and vent their
malice, at night, upon some personal enemy.
ISI @1 g|
Make Collier's Take It Back!
The Griffin daily Herald has promptly fol
lowed up the suggestion that the Southern
papers should compel Collier's Weekly to take
back that vile insult which it flung in the face
of Southern women, —and consequently in the
face of all Southern men.
BULLY FOR THE GRIFFIN HERALD.-
What about it, Pendleton? What about it,
Clark Howell? What about it, Messrs. F. L.
Seeley, and James R. Gray? What about it,
Bowdre Phinizy, of the" Augusta Herald?
What about it, Savannah News, and Evening
Press? ’What about it, Lindsey Johnson, of
the Rome Tribune-Herald?
What about it, brethren of the Southern
press ?
Get after Collier's and make that reckless
slanderer of Southern womanhood TAKE IT
BACK, AND APOLOGIZE!
® g] ®
I Take Up the Glove
John M. Maxwell, editor of The American
I lag, which the Merchant Marine League is
financing, challenges me to publish a letter
which he has written to me. My hands are
pretty full, just now, and the air is thick
with arrows, darts, shafts, brickbats, boom
erangs, and “sich”,—but still I’m a liberal
soul, and will let Brother Maxwell into the
tilting grounds.
Upon one condition: he must agree to pub
lish what I say, in reply to him, in his maga
zen, The Flag.
It’s up to you, John. You will remember
that I challenged these ship-subsidy thieves
to publish a list of the names of the banks,
corporations and individuals who have fur
nished the money for the four-year campaign
of the Merchant Marine League.
THEY FAIL TO DO IT. Even in Max
well’s letter to me, he does not give the names.
Not only are we entitled to know where
they get their money, BUT, also, WHAT
THEY DO WITH IT.
I am going to see if I can make them tell
what papers are in their pay. Tell us who is
your little payroll, Johnnie Maxwell. Tell us
how you got T. J. Brooks to sign his name to
that three-page “argument” of the Merchant
Marine League; AND HOW YOU PRE
VAILED ON DUCKWORTH TO PUB
LISH IT, WHEN HIS COLUMNS WERE
SO CROWDED THAT HE COULD NOT
GIVE THREE INCHES OF SPACE TO
THOSE FARMERS' UNION RESOLU
TIONS IN MEMORY OF THE PROMI
NENT FARMERS' UNION MEMBER, T.
J. PILCHER.
SHOW your books !—you Merchant Marine
fellows.
We want to know the source from whence
your revenues flaw; and we want to know
what goes with all this money, after you
get it.
These Merchant Marine raiders have the
impudence to ask me where, “as editor of
The Jeffersonian, I get the money to sup
port my paper?”
That’s a funny question. Whenever the
two Jeffersonians fail to secure enough money
to live on, from subscribers and advertisers,
they get it from my private funds. A few
individuals have bought about $4,000 Jeffer
sonian bonds. A list of the names will be
given when any one disires it.
The Merchant Marine League men may ex
amine all the Jeffersonian books whenever
they wish. DO THEY EXTEND A SIMI
LAR INVITATION TO ME?
P- s.—My friends of the Farmers’ Union
are respectfully and earnestly requested to
follow up this matter. Some of their would
be leaders have gone wrong. Never will I
be other than the unselfish and devoted friend
Farmers Union, so long as it does not
officially indorse some such abomination as
the ship-subsidv, the Pearre bill, or the Gom
pers demand for immunity from interference
by the courts when he, and other Union La
bor leaders, are trying to destroy a fellow
citizen’s business with the boycott. I think
Ladson and Bodenhamer dragged Duckworth
into a fatal mistake. In consequence, the
I ariners Union was in danger of making an
alliance with Mr. Gompers which would not
only have been entangling but disastrous.
By private letters and personal remon
strance, I did my best to prevent the necessity
for these editorial attacks on Ladson, Bode
and Duck, —but they believed that the farm
ers could be led by the nose, and that nothing
said by me would matter much. So they
forged right ahead, committing the Union to
what I knew was wrong. To speak out, was
a duty.
THE “LOCALS” SHOULD CONTINUE
TO THUNDER!
Drive out the black sheep, boys. OR YOUR
BELOVED UNION WILL BECOME
THE ANNEX OF THE REPUBLICAN
PARTY.
® g] g]
Baptists, What Do You Think
of This?
At the age of fourteen, I was clerking in a
store where whisky was sold. 1 hat was away
back yonder m 1870, when barrooms were
open in every town and village, and when
there was little prohibition sentiment in Geor
gia.
I attended a revival at and joined the Bap
tist Church, in Thomson. Was baptised in
the pool, in the creek, at “old Sweetwater”,
near Thomson.
Even at that age, I had my own notions
about right and wrong, and I went to the
owner of the store, and told him that he
would have to hire some one else to sell
whisky.
I rom that day to this, I have been, not a
good Christian, but a loyal supporter of the
Baptist Church. So favorable an opinion of
me was held by that very prominent Baptist
minister, the late Rev. E. A. Steed, that he
went to my father, and told him that he
ought to send me to college. The panic of
1873 had about ruined us, and Father ex
pressed some doubts as to whether he could
raise the money for my tuition and board.
Mr. Steed explained that I could be board
ed in the mess-hall at eight dollars per month;
and that he could have me entered, on the
Mercer endowment, which gave free tuition
to such young men as were poor and deserv
ing.
By the aid of this Baptist preacher, I ob
tained the benefit of two years’ schooling at
Mercer University. Then, my father was no
longer able to pay my board, and I had to
leave college,—with what heaviness of heart
is known only to my Maker.
Going to Screven county, to teach school
for a living, I was invited by a Temperance
Society to address it, and accepted the invita
tion. Later, my noble old friend, Rev. Dr. M.
J. Cofer, came along, on one of his rounds,
and made a speech, in the open air, at Little
Horse Creek Church; and, after he had finish
ed his appeal for Prohibition, I was called
for, and followed Dr. Cofer, in the same line.
When I established the People's Party Pa
per, in 1891, whisky advertisements were of
fered to me, as to the other papers. They
were refused. Never would I take a cent of
that kind. Asa Candler hasn’t got money
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE