FOR SALE
PATENT, lately issued. Big money to
right man. Lewis Fuller, Locust Grove,
Ga.
♦
The Ute and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson
contains a biographical sketch written by him
self, and a careful selection of addresses made
by him during the last thirty years.
These speeches cover a great variety of
subjects. They begin with a eulogy which Mr.
Watson delivered in the Georgia Legislature
on Alex H. Stephens. They contain some of
his Commencement speeches. They also con
tain his Labor Day speech, and many of his
political and economic addresses, the result of
years of the closest research and study. These
speeches cover the Child Labor question, Na
tional Finance, discussion of the Tariff Sys
tem, of the National Banking System, the
Government Ownership of Railroads, the cor
rupt legislation put upon the country by the
two old parties, a thorough exposition of the
principles of Jeffersonian Democracy and a
thorough treatment of the evils of class legis
lation which now oppress the people.
This book is illustrated, is printed in good
type, and is bound in cloth. Price, prepaid,
$1.50.
We will send this book free ofacharge to
any one who subscribes to the Jeffersonian
Magazine for five years at $5.00. The book
will also be sent as a premium to any one
who will raise a club of five subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each. It will be mailed as a premium
to any one who sends us six subscribers to
the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,.
Thomson, Ga.
Hand Book of Politics and Economics
In this large volume Mr. Watson gives a
mass of the most valuable statistical informa
tion bearing on every great subject, politi
cal and economic. He also gives the history
of political parties and a summary of all
political platforms.
He also gives a history of national legisla
tion, especially of that class of legislation
which now oppresses the common people.
The National Banking System is fully ex
plained, and its evils demonstrated. The black
chapter of financial legislation which began
with the Civil War and which had its cul
mination in the panic of 1907, is given in full.
In this book you will learn all about our
system of Tariff taxation. You will find in it
the strongest arguments in favor of the gov
ernment ownership of railroads and other pub
lic utilities. You will find in ft a discussion
of Socialism; the encroachments of the Fed
eral Judiciary; the peculiar injustice of the
national government to the farming class; the
dangerous encroachments of the Catholic
, clergy, and a clear statement of those reme
dies which should be applied In order that
the political body should be made whole.
Price, delivered, SI.OO.
We will mail this book free of charge to
any one who sends us four subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each, or who sends us five subscribers
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address. THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, G*
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
MISSIONARIES WANTED
Go out in the highways and the
by ways of the country, ye Populists,
and drag’em in. If at first they won’t
subscribe, try, try again. If they are
still obdurate, stand ’em on their
heads until ihe money rolls out of
their pockets. Then p ck up a dollar
and send it to us for a six months’
subscription io the two Jeffersonians.
They will live to thank you.
Tue Jeffersonians, lhomson,Ga.
Get y° ur on the Athens Busi-
Dess College, Athens, Ga. Largest
school of Bookkeeping, Business
Training, Shorthand, and Typewriting
IE ’ n State. Positions secured. Fill
an d or 168 page catalog.
Name
Address
I Sale of Jeffersonian Bonds I
=■•-••••■■■ ■ ■■ -•■■■■■=. -
The two Jeffersonians will be conveyed to one of
the strongest state banks in Georgia IN TRUST for pi
the holders of the bond> which we offer for sale.
These are ten year, seven per cent bonds, principal &S
and interest guaranteed in writing by me. Each bond is
for ten dollars. Interest at 7 per cent, payable
>♦♦♦< annually. They are sold to raise capital for a
publishing plant. ||
■■ ===== ADDRESS ■ -
| THOS. E. WATSON, Thomson, Ga. I
Bratta if C°‘ A “ fi 0 Si
ma ||r
Skl Wf- OS Im You cnn have all ihe hooks you MgßjM SSB
SK need by our plan. Write (or that JSwea
JsSHj beautifully illustrated and descriptive book. jjgjg
'A Book tore in your home.” It is
free. Write today. We guarantee quality and value.
Our prices the lowest. Write (or Catalog. It ia free. Bfifl
The largest mail order Book bouse in tbe world. 48 years in business.
Oeot J.W. 108 ’’Ht FRANKLIN-TURNtH LO., 65-71 Ivy St., Atlanta, Ga-
£■" D ET ET To OUR
a nuu SUBSCRIBERS
For a limited time we will give absolutely free of charge to each
new a °d renew i n J? subscriber a year’s subscription to the
INDUSTRIOUS HEN
KNOXVILLE, TENNESSEE
THE LEADING FARM AND POULTRY JOURNAL OF THE SOUTH.
If you are not a subscriber to our paper or your subscription has expired, order
NOW and get this valuable poultry journal free. We reserve the right to with
draw thia offer at any time. Send orders to
Keep Up Your French
READ Le Courrier des Etats-Unis
the official French newspaper tn America. Lat
est news from Paris. SHORT AND SERIAL
STORIES. Parisian fashions. Literary con
tributions by prominent writers.
La Cuisine Francaise. Sample copy free.
Address Mr. Alexandre Subscription Dept, 195
Fulton St., New York City.
Special Campaign Offer
The Weekly Jeffersonian and the Missouri
World for one year $1.15
The Jeffersonian Magazine and the Missouri
World for one year $1.65
Both Jeffersonians and the Missouri World
for one year $2.15
The Missouri World, published weekly, is a
straight Populist paper and is still edited by
P. J. Dixon, who established it nearly twenty
years ago.
PAGE FIFTEEN