.A PLEA FOR THE PENNILESS
“LUNGER.”
(Continued from Page Seven.)
tuberculosis, discovering the germs of scarlet
fever, rheumatism, etc.—deadly ailments which
come to thousands of families every year and
cost millions of dollars and thousands of
lives.
“Some of these days there will be a Nation
al Health Department,, from which bulletins
will be sent to stricken districts, to physi
cians and city officials, advising them of cer
tain dangers and recommending certain scien
tific treatment should the danger come.
“When everybody has been educated into
the correct ways of living, the benefits of
bathing, the joys of healthful food, the com
forts of clean clothing, and taught to forget
that there are such things as drug stores, un
less sent there by a physician, then we will
become a nation of strong men, happy women
and laughing children.
“As we teach the farmer how to grow
wheat and raise cows and pigs, let us also
tell him, as well as his city brother, how he
can keep well.”
In respect to the public health, our own
State of Georgia has shown relatively greater
regard therefor than has the National Govern
ment. Recently, out of the exceedingly small
sum of $45,000, out of which new appropria
tions can be made, Mr. Whitley’s bill to ap
propriate $25,000 for the erection of a state
sanitarium for those suffering with consump
tion was reported favorably and will doubtless
x be passed.
We are not prepared to say whether or not
the establishment of sanitariums in the va
rious states is the wisest method of dealing
with the Great White Plague, but the desire
to do something for its victims is a step de
cidedly forward in the right direction. It
Spectacles
ftl. GIVEN **W*Y
IVWmBMIWIftJMML ■» "
aSffv i
'll > PENNY.
cB- ! 'eIBS Just me your name V
fa ;> f||H address and I will mail you at once ;/
Jlj p |i||| my Free Home Eye Tester and full par
«sß >• ticulars how to obtain a pair of my handsome ten karat ROI.WU>
tJMM Spectacles without one cent of cost.
You see ’ want to P rove *° every spectacle-wearer on earth 1
x that the Hr- Haux famous Perfect Vision Spectacles are really ’
land truly ever so much better than any you have ever worn before
— anf l lam going to give away at least one hundred-thousand pairs
of the Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision ten karat Spectacles
in th o next weeks, in order to introduce my wonderful glasses
to the largest number of spectacle-wearers in the shortest 1
possible time. •
© WSSE&h Write today for my Free Home Eye Tester and ten karat
2 Spectacle Offer. Address:—
■Z MmF'DR, HAUX SPECTACLE CO., Block 318 St. Louis, Mo.
1 ALSO WANT A FEW AGENTS
|ffly And any person not earning at least SSO weekly should ask for my
Special Agents Terms at once.
is the Largest Mail truer Spectacle House in the World “and remedy reliala
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
should first be determined just what climates
and altitudes are best for restoring to health
those who suffer from this dreadful disease,
and send them to that point. When the Gov
ernment owns and runs its railroads, unfor
tunate consumptives need not die for lack
of transportation money. It has been found
by experience that some places in the West
almost bring the dead back to life. The pity
of allowing poor consumptives to linger in cli
mates unfavorable to them, torment them with
hopeless treatments and feed them rancid oils
when they could be cured by proper care in
the right climates!
Probably each of us has had tuberculosis
at some time. Through good fortune, because
our resisting power was high, or we did not
have to endure exposure, or we had enough to
eat, we did not become part of the pallid,
hopeless, army swept to untimely death each
year by this awful scourge. So to have con
sumption does not mean that one must inevi
tably die of it, because it is one of the most
readily and simply cured of all maladies, if
taken in time. Food, rest, fresh air, proper
climate —we know what is necessary. We do
not battle blindly with this, as with cancer
and a multitude of other diseases. And just
in proportion as we realize what ought to be
done, does responsibility rest upon us to pro
mote every honest, unselfish effort to stamp
out this ill.
People should be educated to prevent the
spread of the disease, as well as to note its
symptoms early, before it has had time to un
dermine the constitution. There need be no
barbarous laws, no harsh measures of isolat
ing the sufferer from his relatives and friends.
With intelligent co-operation between the
government, physicians and laity, this genera
tion will see the passing away of the horrors
of the Great White Plague.
Why
Suffer?
If you suffer pain from
any cause, Dr. Miles ’ Anti-
Pain Pills will relieve it
—and leave no bad after
effects. That’s the impor
tant thing. Neither do
they create a habit. More
often the attacks become
less frequent, or disappear
altogether. Dr. Males’
Anti-Pain Pills have no
other effect except to re
lieve pain and quiet nerv
ous irritation.
“We are never without Dr. Miles’
Anti-Pain Pills. My husband and
son, aged 15 were always subject to
sick headache until we began using
these Pills, and they have broken
them up entirely. Don’t think they
have had to use them for six months.
I recommend them to every one. A
few weeks ago I heard an old lady
friend was sick. I went to see her.
She was down with and
nearly crazy with awful backache.
I gave her one of the Anti-Pain Pills
and left another for her to take in
a short time. They helped her right
away, and she says she will never be
without them again. Last winter my
husband was taken with pluerisy on
both sides, and I know he would have
died if it hadn’t been for the Pills.
In less than half an hour he was
sweating, and went to bed and slept.’*
MIIS. G. H. WEBB,
Austinburg,
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Anti-
Pain Piils, and we authorize him to
return the price of first package (only)
If it fails to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
Tfc T% A TftO cured: quick relief; removes all swell
-11 KI S r t * n B to days; 30 to 60 days effects
JL?11V1 J * permanent cure. Trial treatment given
free to sufferers; nothing fairer. For
circulars, testimonials and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. ti. GREEN’S SONS. Box K, Atlanta. Ga.
-fl A f*ost cakos 170171 F
XV And Your Marne X Jx.XjAli
In our Post Card Exchange, if you send ten
cents for three months’ subscription to The
Rural Georgian, The Great Department Month
ly. You will be pleased. THE RURAL GEOR
GIAN, Gainesville, Ga.
Bound Volumes
||l»O7||
Jeffersonian Magazine
Vol. 1, first 6 months, - $1.50
Vol. 2, second -6 months, 1.25
Both together ‘ - - - 2.50
The Jeffersonians
THOMSON, GA.
PAGE ELEVEN