PAGE FOURTEEN
THOS. E. WATSON AND THE
PREACHERS.
Toni Watson, the great Georgia
scholar, writer, editor, politician and
patriot, has aroused the fighting blood
in the Southern ministry over the
foreign missionary question. Tom is
right in everything he says along this
line, and he is generally right on
nearly every issue of the times. I
say this because he deserves it. He
is making a great fight for humanity.
He is honest and perfectly sincere,
and he deserves much of the common
herd. He loves the common people,
and is constantly poking into the
eyes of their enemies.
Go it, Tom, until they stop drain
ing the money from this country to
send adventurers to China, India,
Africa and other heathen countries,
in an endeavor to enlighten these
people, who are happy in their ig
norance.
Ignorance is bliss with them. For
every one who accepts the religious
views of tlie sectarian who pulls him
iii, a hundred refuse to accept, and,
according to the creedists themselves,
their responsibility is increased
many times over, and it but sinks
them that much deeper in an or
thodox hell.
But the worst feature of it is, we
need the money to enlighten the
hordes of ignorant foreigners coining
to this country every day in the year.
We need it to feed the poor Ameri
cans who are oppressed by predatory
wealth. There are thousands of our
own people who need bread and meat
much more than they need preach
ing. When men and women have
to stand in the bread line in our
large cities and beg for a loaf of
dry bread, don’t tell me we should
send money to other countries to tell
the benighted souls the difference be
tween sprinkling and immersion in
water. Or whether a man is pun
ished always or annihilated at the
hands of his Maker.
I think Mr. Watson has struck his
element in his fight with the cloth,
and if I can help him I am at his
service.—The Common Herd, Dallas,
Texas.
FRIENDSHIP.
“In friendship,” says Seneca,
“there must be no reserve; as much
deliberation as you please before the
league is struck, but no doublings nor
jealousies after. ... It requires
time to consider a friendship, but the
resolution once taken entitles him to
my very heart. . . . The purpose
of friendship is to have one dearer to
me than myself, and for the saving
of whose life I would gladly lay
down my own, taking with me the
consciousness that only the wise can
be friends; others are mere com
panions. ’ ’
“The wise,” of course, are also the
virtuous, for there is no such fool as
he who knows not enough to be hon
orable.
The ancients knew little of the ro
mantic attachment between the sexes,
except in its franker and less spirit
ual forms, and as the stuff that
“dreams are made on” by poets; of
their lives is was “a thing apart.”
But they—particularly the Greeks —
were rich in friendship, where in we
are “poor indeed,” however well
dowered with that vestigial heritage
of medieval chivalry called “love.”
Few of us know friendship, for few
are wise, and few of the wise know
one another.
When you say, “My friend
Brown,” or, “Brown is a good friend
of mine,” you are not understood to
mean that Brown would give his life
to save yours, nor that you have
chosen him after “much delibera
tion,” or chosen him at all. You may
mean that you and he came over on
the same steamer, or that you met
him at the club and he has not yet
swindled you.
One’s friendship should be one’s
attestation of the merit of him upon
whom it is bestowed, credentialing
him as an honorable man. If my
favor does not carry this commenda
tion it is good for nothing but to
serve a personal and transient grati
fication. It is so cheap a thing that
the having it is no warrant of w T orth
in the possessor, but rather the con
trary; for what is easy to acquire is
sure to be widely shared, and there is
a strong numerical presumption
against the merit of the recipient. If
the word “friend” meant anything
today one would shudder to think who
might be speaking it of him.
Let no one glory in “a wide circle
of friends” —such as is affirmed of
persons newly dead. No one has a
wide circle of friends, nor even a nar
row one, he least of all who is most
’‘popular.” How many of one’s com
panions who call themselves one’s
friends would sustain Seneca’s test?
Does any reader of these lines know
one who would lay down his life for
him? If so he is indeed one of the
wise and there is another. —Ambrose
Bierce, in Cosmopolitan.
A KNIFE FREE FOR ALL.
We are now giving one of our cele
brated knives, containing a photo
graph of Mr. Watson, free to all who
send us a dollar for a new subscrip
tion or renewal to The Jeffersonian
Magazine or the Weekly Jeffersonian,
within the next thirty days.
RIVAL DETECTIVES.
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle once had
an amusing experience with a cab
man in Paris. The author had just
arrived at the French capital and, to
his great surprise, the cabman who
drove him from the station to his
hotel addressed him by name. Sir
Arthur asked the man how he knew
who he was. “Oh,” replied the cab
man, “I read in the newspapers that
the famous Conan Doyle would come
to Paris from Marseilles and Lyons,
and directly I saw you I observed that
your hair had been cut by a Mar
seilles barber, and that on the heel of
your left shoe there is mud from
Lyons.” Sir Arthur was highly flat
tered and gratified to think that an
ordinary cabman was so intimate with
his famous detective stories that he
could apply the methods of their cen
tral character to the facts of every
day life. “Are those the only signs
by which you recognized who I am?”
asked Sir Arthur. “Oh, no,” replied
the Jehu, as he flicked up his horse,
“you see, your full name is painted
on your trunk!” —M. A. P.
WHEN YOU GET A KNIFE
Free from us, show it to all your
neighbors and friends, and get them
to subscribe to the Jeffersonians.
Jeffersonian
Locust Grove Institute
SUMMER SESSION begins June 15, and continues eight weeks. Instruction of
fered in Literary, Music, Expression, a'nd Business Departments. Courses to meet
the special needs of pupils with deficiencie Splendid advantages for those de sir
ing to “make up’’ work in high school grades and for those needing special coaching
and preparation for College entrance.
Teachers are from our regular Faculty and from 1 acuities of leading South
ern Colleges. Dormitories open for accommodation of both boys and girls. Board $o
to $12.50 per Mo. For catalog and full information address Claude Gray, President,
Locust Grove, Ga.
Special Premium Offers
Story of France, for 6 subscribers, at SI.OO each,
to either Jeffersonian.
Napoleon, for 4 subscribers to either.
Waterloo, for 3 subscribers to either.
Life and Tinies of Jefferson* 4 subscribers to
either.
Bethany* for 3 subscribers.
Handbook of Political History and Economic
Questions* 2 subscribers.
Sketches of Roman History* 1 new Subscriber,
sent by another than the subscriber.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson* 3 sub
scribers.
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon .. .. .-Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the South .. .. Price 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics. and Economics Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs
Sketches from Roman History .. .. Price .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo, just published Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Do you know how the children of the
American poor live? Do you know how the
petted children of our Chinese missions
live? Read the pictures in Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine for June, and then
show them to your preacher.
® WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon —Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening .... 0 God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; poetage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.