“Lupo”, the so-ealled chief of the Black
Hand Society in America, toget jr with other
The Black
Hand
Maimed.
The need for clearing the
moral air of America from the reek of crimi
nality of this class is very great and it is to
be hoped that these sentences will have a so
bering effect upon that class which comes to
us, not to produce or to build up, but simply
to prey. There has been too great an influx
of undesirable immigration of late years and
our own problems are surely great enough
without having superadded the difficulty of
policing an element which should be dealt
with at home. “Lupo” was a murderer who
had been apprehended by the Italian authori
ties, but for some reason was enabled to make
good his escape to these shores.
The immigration question is one of extreme
gravity. The United Stages is becoming to
a certain extent a congested country and the
result of this is apparent in the difference in
the class of immigrants we get now to that
which was predominant in the earlier years.
Brazil and other parts of South America are
getting most of the workers, while the drones
and the social parasites prefer the cosmopoli
tan cities of our own country. In short, the
producing class is going where there are agri
cultural possibilities. And even the indus
trious of the present kind of immigrants be
come mere food for the maw of the factory
or the sweat-shop, going to cheapen labor and
to increase the power and rapacity of the
manufacturer. Yet the door of hope must
not be closed upon the impoverished or the
despairing of other nations, and any law
looking to “co-operation’ between our own
OUR ONE HUNDRED THOUSAND CLUB
When I made a personal appeal to
OQI subscribers to help us to put on
0,000 new subscriptions to The
Jeffersonians this year, I was doing
something which a majority of news
paper men and most business men
would have condemned as useless.
They would have said: “You must
appeal to their self-interest; no one
is going to get out and hustle sub
scriptions for you, unless there’s
something in it.”
Let us see how far they would
have been mistaken, and how gal
lantly our subscribers are answering
to the call for volunteers. Here is
the list:
C. F Dodson, editor of the Gate
way, Bremen, Ga., 52 subscriptions.
J. A. Smith, Lawrencevile, Ga.,
208 subscriptions.
C. P. Nelson, Route 1, Calhoun,
Ga., 25 subscriptions.
Emmett R. Shaw, editor of Blade
and Bludgeon, Fort Gaines, Ga., 100
subscriptions.
Z. T. Smith, Route 6, Boaz, Ala.,
50 subscriptions.
J. A. Shirley, Route 3, Powder
Springs, Ga., 24 subscriptions.
J. T. Hudson, Amity, Ga., 52 sub
scriptions.
G. A. Vaughan, Route 2, Bowman,
Ga., 5 subscriptions.
W. H. Smith, Ashland, Ga., 50
subscriptions.
R. E. Smith, Attalla, Ala., 50 sub
scriptions.
M. Johnston, Owassa, Ala., 12 sub
scriptions.
J. S. Norris, Warthen, Ga., 25
subscriptions.
C. J. Jackson, Nolanville, Texas,
50 subscriptions.
A. S. Anderson, editor of the News,
Millen, Ga., 2 5 subscriptions.
W. J. Lovorn, Goree, Texas, 25
subscriptions.
In addition to the above, W. A.
Carney, of Mobile, Ala., sends in sub
scriptions, and writes: “I won’t
Italian crimm. s, has been
sent to the Federal Prison at
Atlanta, for periods varying
from fifteen to thirty years.
Government and that of any other upon the
immigration question is fraught with peril to
one of our most sacred traditions—refuge of
the oppressed. If the would-be emigrant is
compelled to have official approval of his own
government before he can hope to enter
America, it puts the victim of political op
pression directly into the power of the op
pressor, and denies to the very survivors of
. such a massacre as Kishineff the right to life.
Therefore, the matter must be solved by
America, and America alone, and the admis
sibility of the immigrant determined with
such kindness as humanity suggests, and with
such firmness as self-preservation demands.
Maryland is up against a worse situation
with respect to the care of its insane than
pledge any certain number, but will
duplicate this soon, and before the
year is out may be able to swing
quite a number your way.”
C. S. Meadows, Vidalia, Ga., says:
“I enclose check for $21.90, for new
subscriptions, to days’ work. Hope
to finish up 100 in two weeks.”
A. H. S. Moore, Brooks, Ga.,
writes: “When I commenced taking
your paper, it was not known in this
community, but now I think I can
put your paper in every home. 1
won’t pledge how many subscribers
I will send you, but as fast as I can
get a convert, I will send his name
in to you.”
What Emmett R. Shaw has to say
is always interesting. He is an op
timist, and it does one good to listen
to him: “Will it be out of order for
the editor of the Blade and Bludgeon
to pledge you a few subscribers? We
will pledge you a hundred, and if we
may speak in an undertone to you
on the side, we will say, look for
many more than this number. I say,
and don’t care if it is published, that
Thos. E. Watson has turned on more
light, given the people more infor
mation, than any one else, and de
serves the patronage and support of
every Southern home. lam at heart
with him. While I can’t subscribe
to all he has said and done, or may
say and do, I recognize the fact that
he has made many great fights for
the people, and has been right nine
times out of ten. The B. & B. is
growing like a gourd-vine of a pros
perous variety, and while I can’t
hope for 100,000 circulation real
soon, I think, when you get to your
half-way station, if you will take
your field-glasses and look back
whence you came, you will be able to
discover a creeping object in the dis
tance.”
It doesn’t matter how small a
number of subscriptions you may be
able to promise, let us hear from
you, anyway. For the remaining
ten months of 1910, surely the
weakest of you can send us one sub-
3efTersoitlan
And
Christians
Tolerate
Such Evils !
the conditions there which is
not less startling by what it leaves to natural
inference than by what it plainly asserts:
Advocating a bill to be passed for the relief
of these horrors, it says:
“The fact that within a few score miles of
Baltimore and the capitol of the nation help
less imbeciles are herded in filthy rooms, like
animals, some actually in chains and others
without adequate food and clothing, must
make every Marylander burn with shame.
And there are even worse horrors, for in some
places no effort is made to separate the sexes.
. . . No saving, however great, can excuse
or justify a condition of things which would
do dishonor to Turkey, China or a Central
American republic.
We can’t say whether or not the knows
Georgia, a fact which brings
no comfort, but much reflec
tion. The Baltimore Sun
doesn’t gloss over the facts,
but draws a pen-picture of
scriber each month. You will be
the gainers by your w r ork, for the
more subscribers we have, the big
ger and better paper we can afford
to give you. A little more than a
year ago, The Jeffersonian was a
small 16-page paper, containing
about half the reading matter there
is in it now. This year, we have
been giving you twenty large pages
each week, and this week’s issue is
twenty-four pages. Look at the im
provements we have made in Wat
son’s Magazine. Its circulation has
doubled in the last year, and our
increase in revenue has gone to the
publishing of a larger and better
looking Magazine.
We have heard from a few in
Georgia, Alabama and Texas. What’s
the matter with Mississippi, Ten
nessee, Arkansas, Oklahoma, Mis
souri, Florida, the Carolinas, Vir
ginia?
Come along with that other
99,000.
JAMES LANIER,
* Business Manager.
Thomson, Ga., Feb. 26, 1910.
Send in your subscriptions in the
next agents’ contest.
If It Is MACHINERY You Want, w To e g and fo pr lC c e l ta I
WE SELL
r Mi Houston. Stanwood & Gamble Co. and Erie B
L««. City Iron Works Stationery Engines and
Tfe?(■ Boilers in all sizes. Hench, Dromgold Co., B
J J g Smith, Myers & Schnier Co., American Saw
B Mill Machinery Co., Saw Mills in all sizes and
' -a g/ZaVi capacities. The Geiser Mfg. Co. Peerless,
\ 1 Portable and Traction Engine Boilers. Saw
■as X M‘" s an d Threshers in all sizes. Wood
Working Machinery, Shingle Machinery,
-*• Saws, Belting. Repairs and Supplies.
Wz i\/w We have no branch house. Write direct
W/ h V> u
MALSBY CO.
41 S. Forsyth St. (Dept. J) Atlanta, Ga.
what the condition of the insane is in any of
the countries mentioned, but it is certain that
these United States have much to do toward
reforming its various plans for the care of
the demented.
Surely no State is too poor to care for its
pauper insane, and some system should be
adopted in all States which would give to pri
vate institutions the care of those whose guar
dians were able and willing, and anxious, to
pay for their care and treatment, which
would lift from the State itself much of the
expense it now bears when all insane are
treated as paupers and confined in public in
stitutions alone.
It is time Georgia made some definite steps
to better things at Milledgeville, but evident
ly the investigators are still investigating.
Congress seems about to hand Commander
Peary some citric fruit, in its probable re-
The Lime
For His.
Hale and ‘Representative Allen. Considering
his leaves of absence have taken him entirely
out of the actual naval service for many years,
it would seem entirely superfluous to give him
any naval honors whatever, and as for the
pay, he was shrewd enough as a bargainer to
arrange for plenty of pelf through his pub
lishers, and the agents who were to have an
exclusive monopoly upon his yarns.
Peary may have discovered the Pole, but he
certainly uncovered a mean and ungenerous
soul at the same time, and people are inclined
to the belief that the practical benefits of his
discovery are nil, and his egregious egotism
so vast, that taxation for pensioning him
would better be dispensed with.
$ $ SAVED BY THIS OFFER
Watson’s Manazine > A || One Year
Semi-Weekly Journal > p ~
Farm Home Helper J * Or
Cut this out and send today—literature FREE
CLARKE’S SUB. AGENCY, Gainesville, Ga.
FOR SALE
Genuine Toole Prolific Cotton Seed,
bushel 90 cents, 10 bushel lots 85
cents, 20 or more bushels 75 cents.
W. T. GILBERT, Vienna, Ga.
AG ENTS
HERE’S THE BIGGEST SNAP YET!
DON’T PASS IT!
You can sell our Silks, Dress Goods, Shawls,
Waists, Handkerchiefs, Petticoats, Belts, etc.,
at half merchants’ prices. Your credit is good.
Free trial order —no deposit. Biggest commis
sions. Exclusive territory. Write today for
Big Free Catalog No. 141 and Samples.
Schwartz Importing Co., St. Louis. Mo.
TO THOSE INTERESTED IN FLORIDA we
wish to announce the issuance of pamphlet
entitled, “Fruit and Vegetable Growing in Manatee
County, Florida," consisting of fifty-six pages, hand
somely illustrated, with map of the state in back.
Facts and figures concerning the culture of fruits
and vegetables and illustrations of Life in that
ideal section. Copy sent free on request to
J W. WHI TE, General Industriel Agent,
SEABOARD AIR LINE RAILWAY,
Norfolk, Virginia
fusal to bestow on him the rank
of a Rear Admiral, and to re
tire him upon increased pay, as
proposed bv the bill of Senator
PAGE SEVEN