PAGE SIXTEEN
“As the Twig Is Bent, So the Tree
Is Inclined ”
To the teachers of our public
schools, and to the noble women of
our country, whether teachers or
mothers, an humble patriot wishes to
make an appeal which, if its aims can
be realized, will mean much for the
future welfare of our great republic.
So great has been the opportunity
for the rapid accumulation of wealth
within the past twenty-five years, and
so vast has been the power of men in
high official, station over the condi
tion leading to these opportunities,
that seeds of mental disease and of
moral depravity have taken such
strong hold upon many of the most
trusted that men have sold them
selves, honor and soul for gold; and
to such an extent has this disease
spread that nothing less than a mira
cle, or some strong, united effort, will
stop it.
The miracle is not likely to happen.
Any combination of men who would
correct these great evils must be
stronger than either or both of the
ruling political panties, which organi
zation will hardly soon be effected,
and, if so, it must be bound together
in true patriotism or it also would
soon be corrupted.
Surveying all of these deplorable
conditions as they stand out before
us, there seems to be but one final
solution —as the sprout is twined so
will the tree grow. It seems to fall
to the teachers in our public schools,
and to the noble women and moth
ers of our land, to so train the grow
ing generation that this disease, this
stigma of graft, which is fastened
upon the American people, can last
at most only until the youth of to
day becomes the man of tomorrow
and assumes the reins of govern
ment.
Does it seem a long way off? How
short a time it will be we hardly
realize. Who can see real hope in
sny other direction? The Spartan
mothers taught their sons that pa
triotism and devotion to country,
which make the whole world take
notice; and if the women of today
will follow in their footsteps in this
direction, what a glory will be
theirs!
No great national calamity, or na
tional disgrace, can come to a people
whose youth are truly patriotically
trained.
The first duty of the teacher is to
teach his pupils with thoroughness
the English language in all the
branches common in our public
schools, then in the leisure hours of
the later day teach them national
pride, to love their country and to
honor their flag; tell them of charity
so they will understand: not so much
as represented in gifts of gold, as in
gifts of the heart; that it is the sun
shine of a noble, living soul. Pa
triotism and charity are much akin,
both mean self-sacrifice for the com
mon good.
Tell them of the noble, patriotic
lives of the men who established our
republic, and then, when they are
a little farther advanced, you may
tell them that the greatest mercy
God has granted to those noble
souls was that they could not live to
stand face to face and be humiliated
and crushed by looking into the
eyes of the lost and degenerate half
who now fill their places.
Tell them that the men and wo
men ■who live truly patriotic lives,
with that broad charity in their
hearts which will surely shine upon
the human family around them,
represents the highest and noblest
type of citizenship known to the
civilized world.
The broad and liberal education
taught in our public schools leads to
patriotic lives.
Influence your students at the
proper age, and your sons at home,
to take for their motto, Honest
men, honest votes, honest govern
ment! and they will never join the
grafters.
There is something else they must
be told, and truly humiliating it is
to every patriotic American that
they must be warned against a po
litical degradation so notorious that
it brings shame to every true man.
Men have sunk to the depth of
selling their votes for a paltry sum
of gold—selling something which
does not belong to them as a. mat
ter of barter and sale, but belongs
to the welfare of the people among
whom they live. They should be
taught that men who sell their votes
are no better than common thieves,
and should be forever disfranchised;
and that men who betray public
trusts should be branded as unwor
thy of trust or of the confidence of
their fellow men.
Teach them all of these princi
ples and it will help them in every
walk of life; it will aid them to see
their duty to their God and to their
fellow men. It will even aid them
to feel their responsibility to their
great Creator, and to know that each
for himself must meet that responsi
bility without the aid of gilded pomp
or of sordid gold.
J. M. RULIFSON.
Farmers Object to Proposed
Monetary Change
It is no doubt high time that the
great American people arouse them
selves to the necessity of protesting
to the present Congress against the
passage of any law by that body,
which tends to withdraw the $346,-
000,000 of legal tender greenbacks,
and the eliminating the 600,000,000
silver dollars now in circulation. Os
all the gigantic attempts to defraud
the people and place them helplessly
in the power of the now well-organ
ized banking fraternity, none is more
detrimental than that measure,
which will be presented in a few
weeks to that body of lawmakers, it
coming, no doubt, from Wall Street,
New York, which acts in collusion
with London bankers and capitalists.
To pass such a law would result
in doing away with $946,000,000 of
the people’s circulating medium, and
reduce them to the necessity of using
bank money; and all such money
would be at all times under the con
trol of the banking fraternity, and
to such an extent that money could
be inflated or be contracted at the
sweet will and pleasure of those who,
even now to a certain extent, ma
nipulate the money market. Peti
tions, originated by the Monetary
League, are now being circulated
throughout the land, asking men of
every condition in life to protest
against the bill, when presented, be-
You Have a Right to Independence
lou have a right to independence, but you must have an honest purpose to earn
it. Many have purpose, ambition, and energy, but thorough direction and intelli- BRIEF REPORTS
gent help must be supplied. My instruction supplies the first, and our Co-opera- ” FROM
tive Bureau fulfills the second. Large numbers have availed themselves of both, A FEW MEMBERS
succeeding to a remarkable degree. Investigate without prejudice, this oppor- $350.00 Profit in One Month
tunity to “My collection business in Ju-
LEARN THE COLLECTION BUSINESS ly P aid me $350.00 in profits.
t nd esca P e salaried drudgery for life. If you ?rdy C a b year ’a nd*’a half
fh e collecti o n b us |ness as ( have built up a splendid mon
teach it is not safe, sure and dignified as a ev-maker” S. M. Bullard
bank, or any other profitable business, vou Freano Cal Ballard,
"W are mls,aken and 1 will prove it, if you ear- ___' ’ „ * . _ . _ __
nestly desire to get ahead. No essential Collected in One A ear
Btt ' "33S branch of business is so limitless, nor less “$20,000 collected in one year,
crowded. No business may be built so large Biggest month $2,500. Expects
WMfe without investment of capital. to do even better. Received
SP^ E TIME CONVINCE YOU SSers" 1 '
.. ry .t' lls new business evenings and spare fled with your course.” A. L.
.faiiLdßGw time, if you do not wish to devote all your Carson, Chicago, 111.
tim ? to n - 1 be^ ar ? tl ? at way myself and All fl Business He Cai.
? made a successful business that soon re- tne Me van
quired all my time. Hundreds of others are Handle
doing the same thing all the time. Their ex- “Am getting the business and
perience is told in their letters published in getting the money for my
the literature I will send you. Many others clients. I have now all I can
see the possibilities of this uncrowded field conveniently handle during
at once, giving it their entire time from the my spare time.” F. E. Bar
; beginning. Their testimony will also be laid >»o»r, North Yakima, Wash,
before you. Every opportunity will be given Secures Excellent Position
BfiEffg&Bgte. you for lhe m,,s t thorough investigation. I Through My Trainiug
Uggßy.Vv r will gladly send you. for the asking, all this ... in „ f .* n ~n „ ,1 in1, ,( 1
ievidence? find mv Hooklpf just dc( n appointed
y oooKiet. Secretary of the Retail Mer-
OCTm “POINTERS ON THE COLLECTION BUSINESS” chants’ Assn, at a salary of
!"1 maV ’ ne w ° r ‘-! m/w’ if ’ lOt a grCal
. , >h deal mor6. Write for it NOW. formation 1 gained by study-
■ '{WW&kNh W A SIIRYFR Precldent inf? your system. This work
shkilk, rresiuent will be outs ide of my regu i nr
American Collection Service collection business.” C. C.
301 State Street Detroit, Mich. Walters, Aberdeen, S. D.
Gfye
ing passed, and these petitions are
being readily signed by voters and
taxpayers gladly, and without per
suasion, which show r s that the mass
es, for this one time at least, are
conscious of the immense danger to
themselves by the adoption of such
a nefarious scheme to make servants
for the capitalistic family.
There are a few, however, “who
have eyes and won t see” who scoff
at the idea of such petitions “doing
any good”, and affirm that “Con
gressmen won’t pay any attention to
such petitions”. If so, we would in
quire in Shakespearean language:
“On what meat doth our Caesars
feed that they have grown so great”
that they can’t afford to pay heed
to the people’s voice? Do they con
sider themselves so strongly en
trenched they can treat their con
stituents with indifference or seem
ing contempt? Have they become
puffed up with the authority vested
in them as servants of the people;
grown so vain they imagine them
selves masters of the people? If so,
God knows it was a fearful error to
trust such short-sighted nincom
poops with any official position, and
a law of recall should be speedily
enacted.
In comparison with the “Ship Sub
sidy” bill in defrauding the people,
the destruction of governmental
monies compares with such about as
a mountain would in size compare
with a mole-hill. If no protests are
made it will be used as an argument
in favor of the passage of the bill:
“The people are in favor of it”, and
the w’eak-backs and weak-heads in
our Congress may be tempted to vote
as the money-changers wish. Let
the cry go out from among the peo
ple: “Don’t, don’t, don’t pass such
an infamous bill! Remember the
crime of 1873”, and cry loud and
long. Sincerely yours,
LINN TANNER.
Cheneyville, Georgia.
Send in your subscriptions in the
next agents’ contest.
aSrtKft I GUARANTEED THREE YEARS
>vr ManBBanaMMKHHBEoaRi ■iwn 1 ■ ! T"i in mii.-»«-Hr»ari
r 3 fc - z 30 DAYS DRIVING TEST
A guarantee as good as a Gold Bond; a trial as liberal as
lid // "■■■■■■“ ony one could ask for, and expositive saving of from S2O to
840. We defy any reputable concern in the U. S. to duplicate our
sfiS® 1 prices on vehicles of the qualities we guarantee. Our guarantees
are the strongest and most liberal ever made, and are positively
y| \\ y binding; and our vehicles must prove them in actual service
y I \ before we’ll expect you to be satisfied. We do not compete with
I people who have no reputation to lose, or who misrepresent their
tg RETAILS REGULARLY FOR $65.00 vehicles.
——— ll 1111 11 1 liltilWlH lIIiMMn'WiTIKIII
H Send To-Day For Our Big New Free Catalog, No. 105
H It describes, pictures and prices upwards of two hundred modern styles of the highest grade Runabouts,
I Speeders, Buckboards, Top Buggies, Stanhopes, Phaetons,
S 3 Surreys, Spring, Farm and Mail Wagons,Road Cartsand Har- Cl'KS'l’OO Jfc.
nessat actual factory prices. We sell DIRECT and save you B.
Hl the dealer’s profits. Don’t delay. Write today. SAVE while you pay. Dept, r, 41 South Forsyth Street, Atlanta, Georgia.
Mr. Watson wants the South to
rise up and defy the armies of the
United States. She did that once and
has been recuperating ever since.
Think again, Tom. —Rome (Ga.) Tri
bune-Herald.
We’d have “better luck next time.”
The West would not fight us again,
and we can whip h—ll out of North
and East.
Join the Volunteer Army of The
Jeffersonian 100,000 Club.
PLAIN TRUTH
A MONTHLY MAGAZINE, 32 PAGES
By J. A. SCARBORO,
A Sou of Georgia, Minister and
Student.
This Magazine is digging up and
exposing corruption and graft in
“Missions”. Its Editor has studied
the subject fifteen years, published
two books on the subject and knows
what he is doing. Dr. J. N. Hall,
late Editor of the Baptist Flag, the
most widely circulated Baptist pa
per in the South, with whom Scar
boro was associated as Editor of
that paper, said of him: “J. A. Scar
boro is the best informed man on
missions in America.” The cham
pions of the present system have
declined to meet him in b,oth press
and on rostrum. His Magazine is
full of facts, evidence and argu
ments which can not be refuted. He
is Treasurer of the General Asso
ciation of Baptist Churches, and has
the confidence and enjoys the en
dorsement of his brethren. He is
Pastor of one of the best churches
in the land and just in his prime
and in the thickest of the battle for
truth and righteousness.
FREE OFFER:
Plain Truth for 12 months SI.OO
Foreign Missions Exposed, 100-
page book by Hon. Thos. E.
Watson 25
The Jeffersonian for 52 weeks
or Watson’s Magazine for 12
months 1.00
$2.25
ALL FOR $1.25
THE JEFFERSONIANS,
Thomson, Ga.