PAGE FOURTEEN
EDITORIAL NOTES
By J. D. WA TSON
(concluded from page eleven)
prominent politician, but a man with a clean
record. The campaign was made on the same
issues as the one in Massachusetts which
changed the other safe Republican district to
a Democratic one, —the issue being Special
Privilege and the Tariff, —and the result was
the same as it was in Massachusetts.
The New York district which had elected a
Republican by a majority of more than 9,000,
in 1908, this time elected a Democrat by a
majority of more than 5,000.
The leading Democratic paper, the
in its editorial comment on this special elec
tion says:
. “Had there not been a thoroughly aroused
public sentiment all over the country in protest
against the Republican party’s alliance with priv
ilege and extreme protection, Havens would not
have defeated Aldridge in the Rochester district,
in spite of Aldridge’s record. Two years ago
Aldridge would have won easily.
“Haven’s victory is a natural consequence of
Foss’ victory in the Fourteenth Massachusetts,
which in turn was a natural consequence of the
insurgent movement and the protest against the
Payne-Aldrich tariff.’’
❖ ❖ * *
If the announcement that Senator Aldrich
will retire at the end of his present term is
true, a sigh of relief will be heard from Maine
to California.
The announcement that Mr. Aldrich makes
may be a campaign ruse to fool the people.
He may realize that the coming campaign is
almost sure to go against the Republicans as
long as he and the tariff are factors, and he
may be making the announcement hoping
MORE DETAIL REAL SOCIALISTIC DOCTRINE
Watson’s “Ignore such a vital chord in the soul of man as Love of Locality? . .
Magazine . In the woe of the Jews as they sat down to weep and wail in the beautiful
= valley of the Euphrates .... do the Socialists see nothing but the long-
MAY, 1910 j n g p r ; soners f or freedom? .... The grief of Adam and Eve, driven
Price: IO Cents from the Garden of Eden, has been felt by every human being that ever lost his
SI.OO a Year 1 • i 1 r . • 1 J ”
1 = home, or was ever banished from native land.
' 1 Is It Nothing to You That This Country Is
Becoming a Papal Fief?
“Already our politicians tremble in their boots at the frown of a Catholic
priest.”
OTHER INTERESTING FEATURES
A Pages From My Boyhood Diary; Conclusion of Life and Times of Andrew
Jackson; Survey of World’s Events; Recollections of Sam Houston; A New
Dark Age; Poetry; Fiction; Communications; Fashioi s.
31 es fersonuin
that it will divert the people’s mind from
him.
He may figure that with the statement that
Aldrich will quit the Senate the people will
forget. Aldrich legislation, which will in
crease the Republican chances of success.
But if Mr. Aldrich is sincere in his an
nouncement, where does he leave Mr. Taft?
Between the Devil and the deep blue sea.
The President has already gone too far to
retrace his steps and make friends with the
Insurgents.
He has gone so far out of his way to make
it known that he is allied with the Aldrich
faction and considers the Aldrich legislation
the best ever, that he must depend entirely
upon his lieutenant, Aldrich, to get what
legislation he wants.
With the passing of his Senate leader, and
the new order that will follow, the adminis
tration is apt to have hard sledding.
The newspapers state that Mr. Taft is deep
ly grieved over Aldrich’s retirement, and we
believe that he is. He certainly has a right
to be, for he is left with his hands tied.
And it is all his own fault.
* * * ❖
Senator Hale, of Maine, will also retire at
the end of his present term.
So with Senator Aldrich goes one of his
trusted lieutenants of the New England pro
tection forces.
Several reasons are given for Senator
Hale’s retirement, but the main reason is that
he would be defeated for re-election.
For thirty years he has representde Maine
in the Senate, and never before has he had
opposition for the nomination of his party.
But even Maine has grown tired of the
Aldrich tariff and there is a spirit of revolt
among the people of that State.
Several months ago when Judge Frederick
announced that he would oppose Senator Hale
this time, the announcement was treated as a
joke by the politicians.
But the opposition which was first consid
ered a joke has grown in strength until the
politicians themselves admit that they will be
defeated. And rather tran be openly beaten,
Senator Hale has decided to withdraw from
the race.
It looks very much like the end of the Al
drich regime in the Senate.
Senator Lodge and a few T others are left,
but they haven’t a man who can fill Aldrich’s
shoes.
Mr. Lodge made -a faithful and capable
lieutenant, but he can’t fill the bill as a leader
like Aldrich did.
'l’
The Western Democrats as well as the
Western Republicans are tired of being ruled
by bosses who represent special interests.
From Indiana comes the news that the
Democrats of that State want to put down
Tom Taggart.
They want to hold a primary to nominate a
Democratic candidate for the Senate, instead
of letting the coming convention, which will
be ruled by Taggart, do the nominating.
They see that with Taggart controlling the
tiext State Convention, he can either nominate
himself, or one of his henchmen, and they
prefer Beveridge, the Insurgent Republican,
to either.
But in a primary they feel that they may
defeat Taggart and nominate some good man
with a clean record who will represent the
people in case he wins.
They are tired of Taggart and the Taggart
crowd, and they want no more of French
Lick Tom.