PAGE SIXTEEN
THE POPULIST PAPER THAT “RODE
THE STORM.’’
The Missouri World published weekly at
Chillicothe, Mo., is a straight Populist paper
and always has been; it is the only Populist
paper that rode the storm which swept out of
existence the many hundred of reform papers
that were published in 1896; it is not a local
paper, publishes no local news, but each week
gives the telegraphic news and markets, is as
good for one state as another and circulates
in all the states. Three-fourths of the dele
gates to the recent Populist national conven
tion were subscribers to the Missouri World,
some of them having been subscribers ever
since the paper was established over nineteen
years ago by Dixon & Lankford, who are still
its editors and publishers. The World has
been a supporter of Mr. Watson ever since
he was in Congress, wanted him nominated
for President in 1896 and helped nominate him
in 1904 and this year. Its subsoil ption price
is 50 cents a year (52 copies). Send stamps,
cash, order, draft or your check. Unregistered
letter at publishers’ risk.
Address,
The Missouri World,
Chillicothe, Mo.
(The Jeffersonian will forward subscrip
tions to the World. In writing the Jefferson
ian just enclose 50 cents and you will get the
World a year.)
The enthusiastic citizens of Georgia who
prepared that monster third-term petition
might have wasted the time on some other
hopeless task anyhow.—Washington Post.
Mr. Bryan may think the Republicans are
“in full retreat” just now, but he will find
them all at the polls in November.—Washing
ton Post.
I “If we (the South) begin NOW by supporting HOME INSTITUTIONS J
of merit it is nara to estimate the benefit that will accrue from such a policy
in the next ten years.’’—Richard H. Edmonds. V
Cbe Georgia THome j
| Insurance Co. f
f of Columbus, Ga., is a HOME INSTITUTION |
X ORGANIZED 1859 NEARLY A HALF CENTURY OLD ;
------------------ ■■l—.- ■ 11. ■■ I 111,,,, 11 I
i. Total Assets Over One Million Dollars
I Surplus to Policy Holders Over One-Half Million Dollars _2
Losses Paid Since Organization Over Five Million Dollars X
Patronize the Georgia Home and Help IT to help YOU Develop j
the Infinite Resources of Dixie Land. i
&
. . I
AGENCIES THROUGHOUT THE SOUTH I
$
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
As every little helps, Mr. Bryan may also
—cheer up when he is reminded that Mr. Taft
was nominated on the anniversary of the
battle of Waterloo. —Washington Post.
Possibly Congressman Heflin was assured of
a renomination after promising to devote a lit
tle time to improving his marksmanship.—
Washington Post.
The Buffalo Express thinks it would be a
good plan to send the man who asks if it is
hot enough for you out with the one who rocks
the boat. For fear they might become lone
some, it -might be well to have the fool with
an unloaded gun ■accompany them. —Washing-
ton Post.
“WINNOWED
SONGS”...
The erreat revival -ong book. Beats A.
all othe>s New edition But tnis
out and mail it with 25 cents for a
copy, or $2.50 for a dozen. Address,
J. L. MOORE, Bethlehem, Ga. <
Full Sets Back Numbers
We can supply back numbers of the
Jeffersonian Magazine all the way
back to the first issue.
Price, 15c for single copies.
Price, $1.50 for the full set for 1907.
twelve numbers. Address:
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Sketches From Roman History
In this volume Mr. Watson gives biographies
of some of the leading characters of the Ro
man Republic, and also shows the ruinous
workings of class legislation in ancient times.
sketches are of:
the Gracchi, the heroic land reformers of
Rome;
Spartacus, the gladiator who led the great
slave revolt;
Marius, the Tribune of the people;
Sylla, the brilliant and despotic leader of the
aristocrats;
Jugurtha, the African King;
Juliues Caesar, the greatest of Roman sol
diers, legislators and reformers;
Octavius Caesar, the nephew who Inherited
power from the mighty Julius;
Antony and Cleopatra; the most dramatic
love story of ancient times.
Price, delivered, 50 cents.
We will mail this book as a.premium to every
one who sends us two new subscribers to
the Jeffersonian Magazine at our regular price
of $1.50 each.
We will mail the book as a premium to any
one who sends us two new subscribers to the
Weekly Jeffersonian, at the regular price of
SI.OO each. _
Address: THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the Homeless. Prosperity for
the industrious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for sample copy.
FARM AND RANCH, Dallas, Texas.
Pick Up a Dollar
And mail it to us at Thomson,
Ga., and we will send you for
the next six months
The Jeffersonian Magazine and
Weekly Jeffersonian
No Commission to Agents on This Offer
’ ' L " J "■ ■■■—■■ " ■ "'■-I III"
TO ALL
Agents and Subscribers
Please make all remittances and address all
letters to THOMSON, GA. We get numbers
of letters addressed to Atlanta, Thomas,
Thomasville and Thomaston, and postal money
orders are made payable at these points, which
causes confusion and chance of loss.
Remember the address of the JEFFERSON
IAN is T-H-O-M-S-O-N, Ga.
Write plainly. We are not mind reader*. t ’
The Weekly Jeffersonian of July 16th will
contain full report of the great meeting at
Atlanta on July 9th and a verbatim report of
Mr. Watson’s speech. Single copies, 5 cents.
Bundles of 10 copies, 25 cents. Send in your
orders at once to the Jeffersonian, Thomson,
Ga., for extra copies. Special rates to Wat
son Clubs.