C>be Jeffersonian
r Volume Six
L Number Twenty-One J
Outrageous !
It is infamous that Russian and Spanish
methods "should be imitated by officials in this
country. It is outrageous that men high in
authority should give countenance to these un-
American methods.
The way in which De Lara has been treated
in Los Angeles, is enough to make a right
thinking man’s blood boil. It is almost in
credible that such a violation of personal lib
erty should have taken place in the United
States. The man was seized, without war
rant, and was thrown into jail, and his own
wife was not permitted to see him. He had
not done a thing. It is not even certain that
he had used violent language.
So far as I can learn, De Lara is no more
of an anarchist than I am, —or than Profes
sor Ferrer was.
He is “an undesirable” to the Mexican
despot, Diaz, and apparently our Govern
ment is violating the fundamental principles
of our republic at the instance of Diaz.
The fact that De Lara is a Socialist, does
not justify the authorities in treating him
brutally and unlawfully.
Socialism can not be checked by furnishing
it fresh arguments against the existing or
der. t
When Democratic and Republican post
masters fail to deliver Socialist papers to their
subscribers, and then write lying cards to the
publishers, to the effect that the subscriber
“refuses” the paper,—none are hurt but those
of us who oppose Socialism. The postal au
thorities could not even kill my old People's
Party Paper by those tactics; and times have
changed since the Nineties.
All such doings as that prosecution of Fred
Warren, the lawless imprisonment of De
Lara, and the criminal interference with So
cialist mail, simply add fuel to the Socialist
flames.
They are human beings,—these Socialists,
—children of the same God as ourselves, and
we lower ourselves when we deny them jus
tice. Persecution, piled on heavy enough,
does crush, —but the world is in no condition,
now, to stamp out Socialism by persecution.
The craze must be checked by Reason, not
rancor; and the more brutal our Government
is in dealing with them, the stronger will be
their case against the existing order.
® g] ®
Mr. H. L. Gurley
For a long while, a Mr. 11. L. Gurley, of
Louisiana, kept on pestering me to publish a
screed on Socialism. Finally, to get rid of
the nuisance, my secretary was requested to
write to Mr. Gurley that the weekly Jeffer
sonian would agree to print an article from
him, if he would condense it as much as pos
sible.
He forwarded his manuscript, and it was
promptly published. Along with it, we gave
space to another letter, written by one Da
vidowski to the TFutsTw/u/ton (D. C.) Path
finder. These two letters were in irreconcila
ble contrast, and they were given to our read
ers to prove the truth of what we have been
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. L SON
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, November 4, 1909
saying, to wit: that Socialists teach one
doctrine in the big cities and quite another in
rural communities. (No reference to Gurley
was made in the Davidowski letter.)
The thing that I had dreaded all along
happened: Gurley sent a second article which,
like the rainy day, was long and dreary. I
had complied with my promise to Mr. Gur
ley, and did not feel inclined to give him
further space in the little paper—the pressure
on whose columns is very great.
This refusal to print his second communi
cation, appears to have angered Mr. Gurley.
He wrote me, offering me five dollars to
publish his article. This was unpleasant; it
hurt my feelings, and after that, neither Mr.
Gurley nor Mr. Rockefeller had enough money
to get his article into The Jeffersonian.
His letter implied that a man, deal
ing with me, had to PAY for decent treat
ment. Having already given to the gentle
man all that he had originally asked, I felt
under no sort of obligation to extend further
favors. I had not attacked him, or his ar
ticle. Had I done so, it would have been my
duty to have published his reply. But it was
not my duty to turn the columns of the little
paper over to him, to answer Davidowski or
any one else. If Davidowski had made any
reference to Mr. Gurley in his article, the
case would have been different. In that
event, Gurley’s reply would have been pub
lished.
Suppose I were to quote from Gronlund,
or Bebel, or Spargo, or Hillquit, to prove
what these writers explain Socialism to be—
would that give Mr. Gurley the right to de
mand space for his denials and expositions?
Not at all.
Virtually, Mr. Gurley’s letter to me meant,
“It is your duty to publish my answer to
Davidowski; but as you refuse to do it gra
tuitously, I will hire you to treat me right.”
Mr. Guriev must be singularly lacking in
delicacy of feeling, if he does not know that
any man, whose sense of honor is what it
should be, would take offense at such a letter.
To show that he meant just what I claim
his letter to imply, his next communication
spoke of my “stooping so low”. as to refuse
to publish his stuff.
Mr. Gurley has gone to the expense of get
ting out a pamphlet, containing his first let
ter to me, and my secretary’s reply—in which
she did not quite express my meaning. What
I meant to say to Mr. Gurley was, that I did
not care to have any discussion of Socialism
with HIM. His letters themselves furnished
the proof that he did not know what he was
talking about, and it would have been a folly
to have entered into a controversy with him.
Those of you who have been reading The
Jeffersonian weekly, are well aware of the
fact, that we frequently yield much space to
Socialist writers; but we can't afford to give
too much room to the same man. We love
variety, and we think our readers do; conse
quently we prefer to publish three different
articles, from three Socialists, rather than to
print three, written by the same man.
It was my intention, even at the time Mr.
Gurley’s second letter was declined, to discuss
Socialism at length in the Magazine, the pur
pose being to prepare these articles with suf
ficient thoroughness to justify their publica
tion in book form. It was not possible to
turn aside from this design, and have a scrap
with any individual Socialist.
Davidowski understands what Socialism
proposes to do, to religion, to the marriage
system, to the home, and to the State— Mr.
Gurley does not.
By the time the evidence is all produced,
in the series of magazine articles, every one
whose mind is open to conviction will realize
that the quasi-Populist doctrine, preached to
the people of rural communities, is not Social
ism. It is the bait to catch the dissatisfied of
all parties.
And Guriev is merely one of the dupes.
He quotes Wayland as saying that David
owski is not a Socialist. What difference
does that make?
The physician doesn't have to catch disease
to know what it is.
Herbert Spencer was not a Socialist either,
but he understood Socialism, all right.
® ®
Here I Come, Brother
Towson
While I am still living and screeching down
here in a big old wooden barn, and luxuri
ating riotously in the emoloymeni of an over
seer,a nd a secretary, Brother M. E. Towson
is living and preaching at Cairo, Ga., —where
he is throwing away some of the filthy stuff,
by publishing red-hot pamphlets in defense
of “we missionaries”.
Well, it's a free country, anyhow, although
they do take advantage of us occasionally,
ami hold us up, after we've been securely
penned in the tabernacle.
Brother Towson published this bold asser
tion, —“Z dare write down as an absolute fact”
that Wakefield’s lecture at Crawfordsville,
Indiana, had been falsely reported. In the
sentences preceding this one, Parson Towson
had been assailing me violently for accepting,
without further investigation, the uncontra
dicted testimony of two unbiased newspapers,
which corroborated each other, and which
were perfectly disinterested. Having roundly
scored me for believing evidence of this con
vincing kind, and having told.me that it was
my duty to have made an investigation before
accepting it, Parson Towson rejects the re
ports, impliedly accuses at leas(>tWo persons
of being malicious liars, Mates, -“as an
absolute fact”, that WaPefiehrcfid not say it—
and he does so withqut having made the
slightest investigation.
How beautifullv consistent. And how reck
less.
Without waiting to write to Wakefield, or
to the two newspapers, or to the minister of
the Christian Church in which the lecture
was delivered (Mansell is his name, Parson,)
the angry Towson blazed away at me in the
Christian Advocate, and also in his
little pamphlet. He denounced the two re
ports which had never been contradicted by
Wakefield, or by any member of his audi
ence. He not only referred to my editorial
as “a malicious diatribe'’, but he classed me
with Satan, “the father of lies”, and spoke of
the editorial as being “as malignant slander
as was ever brewed in hell”. (How do you
(Continued on Page Nine.)
Price, Five Cents