PAGE FOUR
Netos and Vietos of Various Things
The Convict Lease System.
The fight is fairly on again for the removal
of this hellish blot upon the civilization of
Georgia. In 1892, in 1894 and in 1896 Popu
lism made all the charges which are ringing
hideously throughout the state. We did our
best to break up the execrable system, but
Populists are “so wild,” you know, “so er
ratic,” such awful people, that their protests
were drowned out by the great, sleek, oily con
servatives who are always ready to get busy
with the white-wash, oi’ the hog-wash, or any
old kind of wash that will cover up the foul
ness of any money-making evil a little longer,
until it has a chance to pile up a few 7 more
dollars. Will the lawmakers of our State do
their duty now?
Fascinating Idea!
Byway of adding a new 7 , picturesque touch
to its beautiful Druid Hill Park, Baltimore’s
Park Board has directed a newdy-engaged
shepherd to attire himself, when on duty, in
real Scotch kilts. The board has appointed
Peter Mackenzie of New York to watch over
the sheep in Druid Hill and has sent an order
to Edinburg for a supply of kilts. Still,
dainty and alluring as will Peter look, perched
upon the Grampian—no, the Druid —Hills,
trilling on the pibroch, there is yet danger
that the lady in the sheath skirt might sud
denly confront him; and if what we hear of
the Directoire gow T n and of the Highland cos
tume be true, it were most unwise to inaugu
rate what could but be a bitter factional fight
between two “equal and opposing” forces.
Also, the rights of innocent bystanders should
be considered. A spectacle of that sort, at a
critical time like this, with the mercury
climbing up and prostrations general, anyhow 7 ,
should never be permitted by park officials
thoughtful for the public safety.
The Indignity Shown Captain Hobson.
When the citric fruit was being passed
around lavishly at Denver, Richmond Pearson
Hobson came in foi' one of the largest of the
lemons, and very unripe at that. We all
know how Captain Hobson, by some queer
magnifying power of his binoculars, view’s
England as a monstrous porcupine bristling
at the front, while he imagines that the Japan
ese archipelago is creeping upon us through
rearward seas. This is a chimera of his
which not many of us share. Nevertheless,
w’e believe the Captain suffering from a not
unnatural bias due to salt-water predilec
tions, rather than any ulterior motive of fur
thering either his own naval advancement or
enriching himself. And w 7 e must remind those
who received with such cruel jeering the Cap
tain’s Denver address, that the world has long
conceded him to be a man of courage seldom
matched. Captain Hobson was a hero and a
patriot a few years since. Is he ] ess so now 7 ,
because his idea of the Yellow Peril appears
a bit exaggerated? That would be an unwar-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
By Tom Dolan.
ranted .assumption. If those who are so ready
to howl down Captain Hobson w’ould ask
themselves honestly if they would have fol
lowed him in that frail little boat to an al
most certain death for the sake of our flag,
w 7 e believe their answer would have accorded
his remarks a more respectful hearing.
The Weird Experience of Mrs. McNulty, of
New Britain, Conn.
Those W’ho enjoy the occult will find the
story of Mrs. McNulty calculated to make the
border-line betw 7 een the spirit world and ours
very, very shadowy and vague. During a pe
riod of suspended animation lasting several
hours recently, she is convinced that she vis
ited the actual land of Hereafter and talked
with her dead mother and another relative
who died many years ago. The Doctor Ims
made affidavit to the effect that Mrs. McNul
ty was “as thoroughly dead, for one hour, as
she can ever be,” though since she did finally
return to life, it is difficult to understand low
he can quite come to such conclusion. Mrs.
McNulty claims to have seen that “light which
never w 7 as on land or sea,” though she de
scribes it crudely enough, as “dazzling, a
hundred times more so than the sunlight, but
it was not like the light of the sun. It was
not like any light I had ever seen before. Just
a flaming brilliance that pervaded everything
but did not come from any one place in partic
ular.
“When the light was at its brightest I
found myself in the midst of an endless crowd
of people. They were all moving, too, and oh,
how happy they seemed! I w 7 ould have been
perfectly happy to stay there forever myself.
Suddenly I saw my mother and beside her a
distant relative who died thirty years ago. I
was talking to them when the light seemed
to go but again and everything was in dark
ness, and I lost consciousness. When I
opened my eyes I saw 7 Dr. Mulligan bending
over me.
“The crowds of people did not seem to be
in any place particularly. That is, they were
not confined by any walls or buildings and
there was nothing that might be called land.
They just seemed to move to and fro at will.”
Dr. Mulligan states that her mind is per
fectly clear and that she will in time recover
her health.
One thing is no more wonderful than an
other, after all, when you come to contem
plate them. If there is an all pervading
spirit world, perhaps we bump into it oftener
than we realize. While merrily roller-skating
with a bevy of flesh-and-blood friends, for in
stance, sometimes the hard and polished floor
springs up and pastes us one behind the left
ear, and 10, the dazzling light is all around us,
our friends are far away, and we seem to be
v.’alking about on just nothing at all. There
may be a deeper significance in this, consid
ering Mrs. McNulty’s strange experience, than
we had heretofore dreamed.
Step Lively, Now!
Those leisurely and dignified folk, whose
patrician ears have tingled at the uncouth
command to “get a move on” and other or
ders slung cheerfully about by the unterrified
Chicago street car conductor, are at last
avenged. The other day there was time to am
ble slowly down the street car aisles, chat
with friends, descend the steps with visible
loitering, shop a little in unhurried fashion,
enjoy the elegance of a slowly served lunch
eon and return to the very car from which one
had departed, to find it still waiting accommo
datingly to carry its passengers to their desti
nations. Strike? No. Fire? Not that. In
junction? Well, hardly. What was it then?
Only the sudden swooping of the stork upon
one of the cars and a blockade for over an
hour. All of which goes to show that one
small woman can accomplish more in tying
up a lawless corporation than the police, fire
department and militia combined.
A Commendable Precedent.
The idea of giving a thirty days’ chance to
romp in the pasture and enjoy cool brooks and
deep green grasses to the faithful Government
horses, is a new one, but one of the most at
tractive imaginable. This has been done in
Washington, and now 7 the R. F. D. men are
asking the privilege for their own beasts.
Driven by the lash of circumstances itself,
humanity at large too seldom pauses to con
sider doing kindness to animals, even though
much practical good might result from very
little effort in this direction. Grateful appre
ciation is due whomsoever thought of vaca
tions for the horses, and we hope no man in
government service would cheat his horse out
of the rest due it. If people work better for
a little play, why not the dumb brute? A.ll
owners of horses could afford for them a few
days’ respite from their weary, thirsty, exist
ence. Eventually some mercy might trickle
down to the level of the poor hack horse, or
the victim of the dock-tailing mania.
Good for Senator Wilkes!
During a debate by the Georgia Senate over
a bill to appropriate $5,000 for the completion
of the Carnegie Library at the Georgia School
of Technology, Senator Wilkes had the inde
pendence to denounce what he justly termed
the hypocrisy of Andrew 7 Carnegie:
“My vocabulary is not strong enough to
express my contempt,” said Wilkes. “Every
farmer in Georgia, when he buys an agricul
tural implement, pays tribute to Carnegie,
yet he poses as a philanthropist. I am not
in favor of perpetuating the name, and it is
a disgrace to Georgia to perpetuate it.”
The name of Carnegie at the public library
dwarfs that of all the great men of letters
around it. His bust looms up before the vis
itor in all the solemn majesty of the sphinx,
Future generations will blush to remember how
a little gift of money, with a string tied to it,
(Continued on Page Thirteen.)