PAGE TEN
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE
A GEORGIA LETTER.
To the Editor of The Jeffersonian:
The ambition on the part of any statesman
to be the father of so great a measure as the
rural free delivery of the mails is indeed to
say the least of it very laudable; but the
attempt upon the part of certain socalled
statesmen to purloin from a fellow Georgian
and a fellow southerner what he has already
earned in the field of statesmanship is abso
lutely and perfectly ridiculous. In a term
of two years in Congress the Hon. Thomas E.
Watson did more for the common people than
all the Southern Congressmen have accom
plished in Congress since the war. Mr. Wat
son will go down in history as the father of
the R. F. D. System and as the statesman who
took the lead in passing the law compelling
railroads to adopt the automatic system of
coupling ears. Demagogues can plait their
crowns of thorns and prepare for Mr. Wat
son’s political execution but he is securely
enthroned within the hearts of the masses as
one of the great citizens of the world. Instead
of trying to rob the illustrious author and
statesman of the credit for the service that he
has rendered the country these ambitious and
would-be statesmen could better establish their
claims to greatness by honestly Wonceding the
truth in the question as to who is author of
the R. F. D. System. Poor little Lindsey,
who enjoys the honor of being president of the
national R. F. D. association, could better de
fend his position by frankly admitting that he
had permitted somebody to make a tool of him
self in the deliberate slight significantly in
tended for Mr. Watson, for reasons best
known to himself and his coadjutors in the
shameful and premeditated act of ignoring
Mr. Watson in the recent national convention
of R. F. D. carriers which assembled in Geor
gia’s capital city. It was a genuine case of in
gratitude.
It has been my lot to frequently differ with
Mr. Watson upon many questions, but it has
always afforded me great pleasure to concede
his true greatness and to admire his versa
tility and his superior knowledge of men and
issues and his thoroughness and ability.
Respectfully,
WILLIAM M. HAIRSTON.
AN ADDRESS TO UNITED STATES CON
GRESS.
Gentlemen :
For almost three months we have had a
money panic. Who were to blame ? Who
caused it? It is generally ascribed to over
speculation, to stock gambling. And fulsome
eulogies upon Mr. Morgan and Mr. Rockefel
ler have been paraded before the public for
saving the country by boldly stepping into the
breach.
Why. they and their coterie were King
Bees of the gambling crowd.
And promptly to the rescue of Wall Street
ran Mr. Cortelyou, with all the available
funds of the treasury, not yet given over to
them. We concede that! he had to do it; but
we abhor the injustice of the government tax-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ing us to a surplus over its needs, amount
ing to two hundred and fifty million dollars,
and lending it to national bankers without
interest to be loaned by these bankers at 10
per cent on call, to save some thousands of
gambling speculators, while we, who produce
the main wealth of the country, are left with
out money to finance our crops.
What then? That subtle and evasive thing,
the support of our financial system, called
confidence, is lost; and the national bankers,
led by Morgan and Rockefeller, refuse to pay
debts of sacred character, lock their vaults and
unblushingly hoard the people’s money, left
in trust to them, in order to prevent the peo
ple from hoarding.
They then issue their certificates and de
mand of the people interest on them, saying,
1 i Take them as money or you get nothing.”
Eighty millions of the people, whose labor
in peace and whose blood in war sustain the
“best government under the sun,” are left
by that government to the tender mercies of
a few thousand bankers, who hold the money
of the nation and lock up all legal tender and
compel them to pay interest for the use as
money of cheap, contemptible shin plasters;
and the government, which twice humiliated
England, and is today the most powerful and
respected among nations, is now compelled it
self to receive as money these miserable notes;
as evidenced everywhere when we buy post
office money orders.
Gentlemen, it is plain to us that you are to
blame; that you are the cause of the present
woe; that you, and you alone, are responsible
for the financial methods which oppress, w r hich
spoliate, which consume us.
We ■well remember with what gusto and vol
ubility you orated to us of the intrinsic ex
cellence and exceeding glory of the “Gold
Standard,” “Gold Redemption,” “God’s
Money,” “Money Good in Europe,” and with
supreme disdain you ridiculed the “Rag Mon
ey” which the farmers begged you to issue di
rectly to the people. Now behold a spectacle
for men and the gods! Your Gold Standard
got into the travail of childbirth. The whole
earth heard her groans and saw her writhing
labor, and she is delivering (and can hardly
get through) an innumerable progeny of flm
sy, sickly, dirty, miserable rag dollars, at which
oven the Afro-American frowns, saying,
“Dis here ain’t no money.”
Gentlemen, this is God’s truth, known of
all men; you are face to face with a national
tragedy brought on by yourselves, and which
you cannot explain away by any of the plaus
ible sophistries of Finance.
Your predecessors created, and you have tol
erated, aided and abetted the banking system
which is surely and swiftly absorbing for the
bankers all the wealth of the country. Os all
the commodities of wealth embraced in the re
sources of our superb land, Congress mone
tized only two, gold and gold bonds; both the
exclusive property of the bankers. In addi
tion Congress gave to the bankers exceeding
great and precious priyileges which you will
readily recall. These gave them absolute mo-
nopoly of money. And “whoever owns the
money of a people, owns the people.”
Congress absolutely and wickedly mortgaged
all the people by borrowing every sort of quasi
money and giving gold bonds drawing gold in
terest, and permitting the bankers in addition
to issue an equal amount of their notes as
currency, backed by the credit of the govern
ment. In this, Congress abrogated the sover
eignty, and abdicated in favor of the bankers.
Then, the members of Congress, elected, hon
ored and handsomely remunerated by the peo
ple, come out and denounce as “Rag Mon
ey” the notes issued by the treasury, and
guaranteed by incomparable resources in men
and wealth.
Gentlemen, we insist that you go back, and
at once, to the money of the Constitution,
Gold, Silver and Treasury Notes which the
bankers hate and the people love. Make all a
full legal tender. Establish Postal Savings
Banks; so that the government which makes
and issues our money on just terms to all, will
safely keep it when deposited. Then there
can never be “lack of confidence,” never be
a “Run,” never a “Panic. Then under
proper regulations let bankers perform their
proper functions of loans, discounts and ex
change.
But, gentlemen, the present universal dis
tress calls for immediate remedy. You, and
you alone, can provide it. Authorize and di
rect, "we beg you, the President to have issued
at once one thousand million dollars of treas
ury notes to be turned over to the
state treasurers; to be loaned by them at 2
per cent to state depositories for the present
needs of the people, and your panic will dis
appear like mist before the rising sun. Just
for this once, gentlemen, move promptly to the
rescue of the people, and let Wall Street take
care of its Bank made panic.
We remind this Congress that Jefferson, and
Madison, and Jackson, and Lincoln all proved,
as an infallible resource, the treasury note
“bottomed on taxation”;, that the Supreme
Court has plainly declared it constitutional
money, and hence we know that it is good as
gold. Come back to your constituency proud
ly saying, “We heard the cry of our people
and we delivered them from the oppressor.”
We instruct our Legislative Committee to
see that this address is properly presented to
Congress.
F. D. WIMBERLY.
L. N. HOLMES. j
W. T. LOUDERMILK.
There are millions of loving thoughts and
deeds
All ripe for awakening,
That never would start from the world’s cold
heart
But for sorrow and suffering.
■—Robert Beverly Hale.
Teacher —Johnny, would you like to be pres
ident of the United States?
Johnny —Yes, Miss Maggie, but I am a Dem
ocrat '