THE DOGS OF WAR.
More Than a Mere Figure of Speech
in Remote Times.
The “dogs of war” is not a mere
figure of speech. In remote times dogs
were used for war purposes. Plutarch
and Pliny relate many instances —i. e.,
of Agesilaus at the siege of Mantinea,
of Cambyses in his expedition to
Egypt, of the king of the Geroman
tians in regaining his throne. Aeneas
(600 iB. C.) tells of dogs that carried
letters in their collars; also the Cim
brians and Teutons kept dogs. These,
however, were fighting dogs, justly
dreaded by the Roman soldiers.
The Roman military author Vege
tius reports that dogs were used in
the fortified towers to make known
by their barking the approach of the
enemy and to keep the garrisons
awake; also during the middle ages
war dogs were used for guarding
camps and bulwarks. Scotch blood
hounds were specially reputed for
tracking escaped prisoners. They
were also used for attacking the
enemy’s cavalry, mutilating the
horses with the prong's and hooks
of their coats of mail. To these
coats firepots were attached, which
set the camps on fire. In the
days of Granson and Murten (1476)
the battles started with a fight of
Swiss dogs against Burgundian dogs,
and at Murten the Burgundian dogs
were dismembered by their adversaries
from the Alps. It is said that after
the discovery of America war dogs
slaughtered not less than 2,006 In
dians.
The employment of dogs for fighting
purposes continued in modern times.
Emperor Charles V. (1518-1556) re
ceived from England 4,000 dogs as
subsidiary forces against France. At
Valence French and Spanish dogs
joined battle, in which the latter re
mained victors. As late as in the sev
enteenth century war dogs were used
as scouts against the Turks. In 1822
an assault on the Acropolis of Athens
by the Greeks was frustrated by dogs.
The French employed dogs in Tunis
against Arabian tribes. In Mexico in
1864 the dogs of the Zaccateca volun
teer corps proved the most terrible ad
versaries of the Mexican guerrillas
until they were got rid of by poison.
In the last Turko-Russian war (1877-
1878) the Russians employed war dogs
both in Europe and in Asia. The
Austrians and Hollanders also used
trained dogs successfully to protect
themselves against being surprised by
the enemy and to find their adversa
ries in the impenetrable thickets.
Today the dog is no longer employ
ed as 'a fighter. He is trained to carry
ammunition to the battlefield, to
guard the outposts, prevent skirmish
ers from stealing at too close range,
forward letters and, finally, as a Sa
maritan in finding the wounded after
a battle. —Minneapolis Journal.
CONDITIONS CAN’T IMPROVE
UNTIL VOTERS THINK
FOR THEMSEIVES.
H. M. McCinstion, Paris, Texas:
What of the future? It is dark and
gloomy to all thinking men, except
the few who are blessed wi& special
privileges, and will remain so while
men (voters), having eyes refuse to
see, having ears refuse to hear, while
prejudice takes the place of reason.
Men refuse to read, refuse to investi
gate, while they turn a deaf ear to
reform and in turn despise the reform
er. If you can carry forward the ed
ucational propaganda without pecuni
ary loss, continue to sound the warn
ing. Remember that those upon whom
you turn the light would rejoice in
your downfall.
I should postpone a conference of
Jeffersonians until the sky brightens
a little and the bearings can be better
taken.
MODERN IMPROVEMENTS.
With noiseless guns that show no
smoke
It will be hard to tell
What hurt you—this is sure no joke—
Save by the sense of smell!
—Washington Star.
THE
BORDER MAGAZINE
A truly western magazine of Interest to
people in all parts of the United States,
especially those who enjoy Indian Xorles
and pictures of the true types of In
dians.
This great southwest is a new coun
try, with the attention of the entire
East fixed upon it. THE BORDER treats
of its development, the immense business
opportunities, delightful, healthful climate,
as well as featuring
Stories of the Border
of both fact and Action by western au
thors.
An EXCITING, VITALLY INTEREST
ING AND INSTRUCTIVE SERIES OF
ARTICLES ON THE
Political Prisoners Held it the
United States
is now running in THE BORDER. Sub
scription rates, SI.OO per year, 50c for six
months, 25c for three months.
Send 15c for sample copy and
Artistic Indian Head Picture of
(m colors, size 9xll inches)
Geronimo, the Famous “Chief
of the Apaches”
who died last February.
THE BORDER MAGAZINE
23 Post Office Bldg., Tucson, Arizona
(Note: We club the Weekly Jeffersonian
and the Border Magazine for sl.lO per
year.
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
LEARN VETERINARY DENTISTRY
and B year. We teach you at home in
make three mouths of your spare time
by illustrated lectures aud grant diploma with degree.
Particulars Free. Detroit Veterinary Dental
Collese. Detroit. Mich.
*
FERTILIZER WITHOUT
A FILLER
is what you get when you buy
Schoen’s Blood 8 Bone Fertilizers
12 bags to a ton. Will go farther
and cost less than any other fer
tilizers on the market. Be convinc
ed. One trial will make you a
steady customer.
Manufactured by
Schoen Brothers
Fertilizer Works,
Office, 325 Decatur St., Atlanta, Ga.
Zsl)e Jeffersonian
CL/Wersonal To Rheumatics
I>y ant a letter from every man and woman in America afflicted with
Jtt <-g Rheumatism. Lumbago or Neuralgia, giving me their name and address, so
I can send each one Free A One Dollar Bottle of my Rheumatic
jOc** Remedy. I want to convince every Rheumatic sufferer at my expense that
-9 v m y Rheumatic Remedy docs what thousands of so-called remedies have
■ V Jailed to accomplish— ACTUALLY CURES RHEUMATISM.
‘ v i “ now R does. lam sure of it and I want every Rheumatic sufferer to
J'//A M aw® know it and be sure of it, before giving me a penny profit. You cannot
E(/ c ®®* Rheumatism out through the feet or skin with plasters or cunning
■wJßk f -JSW-vW* “etal contrivances. You cannot tease it out with liniments, electricity
m'v or magnetism. You cannot Imagine it out with mental science. You
• v Must Drive It Cut. It is in the blood and you must Go After It
■ 13 nst w hat Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy does and
■ that s why it cures Rheumatism. Rheumatism is Uric Acid and Uric Acid and Kuhn’s Rheumatic
g Remedy cannot live together in the same blood. The Rheumatism has to go anti It does
g Remedy cures the sharp, shooting pains, the dull, aching muscles, the hot, throbbing,
■ swollen limbs, and cramped, stiffened, useless Joints, and cures 'them quickly.
1 / GAN PROVE IT ALL TO YOU
■ If yon will only let me do it. I will prove much In One Week, if you will only write and ask my
■ Company to send you a dollar bottle FREE according to the following offer. I don’t care what form
■ of Rheumatism you have or how long you have had it. I don’t . a
care what other remedies you have used. If you have not used - fl
■ mine you don’t know what a real Rheumatic Remedy will do. ./ /( -fl..**
fl Read our offer below and write to us Immediately,
8 A FULL-SIZED 91.00 BOTTLE FREE!
g We want you to try Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy, to learn for yourself that Rheumatism can be cured
■ and we want no profit on the trial. A fair test is all we ask. If you find it is curing your Rheumatism
m or Neuralgia, order more to complete your cure and thus give us a profit. If it does not help you. that
■ ends it. We do not send a small sample vial, containing only a thimbleful and of no practical value,
fl but a fuH-slxed bottle, selling regularly at drug-stores for One Dollar Each. This bottle is
A heavy and we must pay Uncle Sam to carry it to your door. You must send us 20 cents to pay
■ postage, mailing case and packing and this full-sized Ono Dollar Bottle will be promptly sent you
■ free, everything prepaid. There will be nothing to pay on receipt or later. Don’t wait until your
■ Heart-Vatves are injured by Rheumatic Poison, but send today and get a One Dollar Bottle free.
■ Only one bottle free to a family and only to those who send the 23 cents for charges. Address
V«IHN REMEDY CO., DEPT. F.Y. HOYNE & NORTH AYES.,
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
4* 4*
J Fifty Beautiful Post Cards J
4* In order to secure a large number of new subscribers at once we * *
4* make this wonderful offer: * »
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian 3 Months) ah For "
£ Up-to-Date Farming"] Months O ff? “
J 20 American Girl Post Cards I ■* ; ’
X Membership in Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange ' w >
Above is a wonderful offer and should bring thousands of orders. « »
But we are going to make a still better offer, and this Is what we want w *
X every present subscriber to work for: *
f This Is Our Great Plan ;;
©k We want you to get 25 cents from each of seven (7) of your neigh- &
A. bors and friends for the above offer and send us this club, and we will w
send you, for your reward, * *
4* Fifty of the Most Beautiful H’gh Art Post Cards « »
4* Ever Produced 4*
4* Every one a gem, and satisfaction Is positively guaranteed. « »
Extra Reward **
4* AND HERE IS ANOTHER SURPRISE FOR YOU: Do you know
4* what the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is? It is a roster of post card * *
4* collectors and of people who will exchange with you. It has many
4* thousand members now, all over the United States, and in some foreign jg »
JU countries. We will put your address and that of each member of your »
Aj club in the exchange and you will receive post cards from many fine I
IT and entertaining people. A correspondence acquaintance can thus be * *
4* made with agreeable people and many a dull hour and otherwise idle * *
4* moments can be made pleasant, Improved and, perhaps, made profitable. * *
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming « »
4« famous, because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profita- * »
bly. Our readers can well afford to subscribe for it, as with the two ~
■ papers they will get a BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and **
* marketing.
*Perhaps, after you get seven (7) trial subscribers, you can get 4-
4* three (3) more, making ten (10) in all. If you can, we will send you
another set of cards, A TRIP AROUND THE WORLD WITH UNCLE X
e # SAM’S BATTLESHIPS. There are fifty views in this set. It Includes
a view of each ship In colors, shows the sailor boys at work, at play * *
JF and at rest. Also many scenes of noted places that the fleet visited. * ®
4* Included with this is a map of the route and an illustration showing
4* the entire fleet, with the names of all the ships.
J Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian *”
? THOMSON, GA. X
4* ft 9-
4*
$
❖
PAGE THIRTEEN