PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
TH OS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Th>mple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
ar Ptitefce, Atlanta, Ga., January It, IQO7, at tecend
(lai: mall matter
■ —1 ■ '■ -- - ■ " ' ' ——————————————
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, May 14, 1908
To Those Who Belie be In Jeffer
sonian 'Principles.
The time has come to organize for ac
tion.
The beneficiaries of our monstrous
class-legislation have used both the old
parties so long and so corruptly that
the unprivileged masses of the people
are in revolt everywhere.
In both the old parties we see the
same Wall Street rascals holding the
reins of power. E. H. Harriman, the
robber, is a Republican, but Thomas F.
Ryan, the robber, is a Democrat, and
these two millionaire thieves are master
ful spirits in the Councils of their respec
tive parties.
J. P. Morgan, the robber, is a Republi
can, but August Belmont, the robber, is
a Democrat, and these two millionaire
thieves are masterful spirits in the Coun
cils of their respective parties.
So it is, all along the line. The pluto
cratic few who rob the producers of this
country are about evenly divided between
the Democratic and the Republican par
ties.
Among the National bankers, the Trust
magnates, the Railroad Kings, the preda
tory corporations generally, you will
find that about half are Democrats and
half are Republicans.
What does that mean? That the same
men control both the old parties.
This they have been doing ever since
the Civil War, and that explains why the
specially privileged hold so much more of
the wealth of the country than the mil
lions of toilers who produced it.
The laws have been so framed, by both
the old parties, that the non-producers of
wealth in this country constitute our
money-bag aristocracy, while the produc
ers of the wealth are the Have-nots.
As a class, our millionaires are those
who have, under forms of law, taken
away from the workers of the land the
products of their toil.
Literally, our millionaire class is the
robber band which has systematically de
spoiled the workman of the fruits of his
labor.
This has been done, ever since the
Civil War, by laws which had no other
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
meaning than to do that very thing.
These laws were voted by both the two
old parties. The National record of the
Democratic Party is as deeply, darkly,
damnably marked with the guilt and the
crime as that of the Republican Party.
The record so proves.
Bryan and Fusion and the Spanish War
were the successful enemies of the great
reform movement which, in 1896, had
1800 newspapers and nearly two million
voters.
So completely did Bryan and Fusion
and the Spanish War prostrate the revolt
of the people against the foul domination
of both the old parties that we had to
accept the situation and retire from the
contest.
We had to allow the great Mr. Bryan
to have everything his own way,—and a
nice mess, indeed, the great Mr. Bryan
has made of it.
He has feathered his own nest, it is
true, but he put back the cause of re
form almost a generation.
Now that the blindest worshippers of
Bryan are beginning to doubt his wis
dom ; now that those who are not his par
tisans recognize his failure as a leader,
and see that the whole country is growing
tired of this everlasting flood of Bryan
talk and Bryan stage-play and Bryan am
bition and Bryan selfishness and Bryan
wire-working, it behooves the leaders of
the movement for genuine reform to come
forward once more and rally the clans.
Who can place any confidence in Bryan
when we see him dickering with politi
cal criminals like Charles Murphy and
Fingy Conners? What are we to think
of Mr. Bryan when he denounces Roger
Sullivan as a robber and then makes a
deal with the robber?
How much longer are we to follow a
man who seems willing to sacrifice every
thing and everybody to his personal am
bition ?
We call upon those who place princi
ple above party and who believe in the
democracy of Jefferson and Jackson to
rouse themselves to the extreme neces
sitv of making a supreme effort to throw
off the yoke of intolerable class-legisla
tion.
Let us have a grand rally in Atlanta
on the Qth of July. From Georgia let the
movement spread into every other state.
Let us show some of the spirit of our
forefathers. The heroes of 1776 fought
eight years against a tvranny which, com
pared to that of our Trusts, was a mere
triviality.
The history of the world never re
vealed such a bondage as that in which
you are held, —a bondage the more dan
gerous in that you see no fetters and hear
the clank of no chains.
Literally, you are slaves who have per
fect freedom of individual action but who
pay your master’s price when you buy,
and accept their price when you seM: you
pay their taxes as well as your own, and
you bear all the burdens of a government
whose chief benefits are theirs; you fur
nish the cabin in which you live, you
nurse your own sick and you bury your
own dead, without the slightest expense
to your masters; you keep in office the
very men whom your masters use, and
you make no protest when these men vote
for the very laws which have dumped
into the lap of the capitalists of the East,
the untold billions of dollars dug out
of the ground in the South and the West
and the North.
Why do we say that our people are
slaves?
Because they themselves cannot keep
the products of their labor and BE
CAUSE THEY BUY AND SELL UN
DER IRRESISTIBLE COERCION.
Shall we never try again to put an end
to this shameful situation?
COME TO ATLANTA ON THE 9TH
OF JULY!
** * *
The of Harbie.
Our beautiful fellow-creature, Harvie
Jordan, is out in an editorial which
pretty nearly lifts the linen off the
clothes line. He calls it “The Cotton
Journal’s Day of Triumph.”
The Cotton Journal is the name of Har
vie’s paper.
In this editorial we are told, in the
most thrilling style, of Harvie’s great bat
tle with the New York Cotton Exchange,
and of his glorious victory over that hy
dra-headed monster.
We learn from the editorial that when
Harvie first opened fire upon Wall Street
his entrenched foes were inclined to con
sider him a poor joke. This could hardly
apply to a Wall Streeter named Joseph
Hoadley, for we have been given to un
derstand that if Joseph regarded Harvie
as a joke at all, he classes him as a good
one.
Be that as it may, Harvie says that
when he planted his “little‘battery,” less
than two years ago, and “opened fire
upon the apparently impregnable ram
parts of the New York Exchange” the
odds were fearfully against him.
As, indeed, they were. To prove how
long has been the cannonade which Har
vie’s little battery has directed against
those impregnable ramparts, he offers in
dubitable evidence.
Says Harvie, “Read the old files of the
Cotton Journal”!
Oh, the dickens and Tom Walker!
Rather than do that, Harvie, we’ll con
sider the case made out, and go right on.
Says Harvie,
“Note the trumpet blasts of 1906.”
Now, Harvie, how are we to note trum
pet blasts of two years ago? Don’t be
unreasonable. ‘
Says Harvie,
“Note the tactics of the enemy.”
What for, —when the enemy has been
routed, scouted, crushed, annihilated?
Gloating over his fallen foe, the New
York Cotton Exchange, Harvie modestly