PAGE EIGHT
Obe Jeffersonian
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than SI.CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
-
4| Zk the a^M)Ve date appears on
M Fi th® hibel on your paper it
* means that your subscript
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Georgia, February 17, 1910
WARNING
We are informed that a man who signs his
name as “Anthony Hawthorn” or “A. Haw
thorn” has been traveling over the country,
representing himself as an agent for the Jeffer
sonians, and has been taking subscriptions and
collecting money for them at Auburn, Winder,
Canton, and other points.
This is to notify all concerned that Anthony
Hawthorn has never been, is not now, and
never will be an authorized agent of the Jeffer
sonians, and that he has no right to take sub
scriptions, or to collect money for us.
Thomson, Ga. simians
Bully for Judge Fite
In defending his outrageous decision in the
Stegall case, judge William Newman cites a
section of the Revised Statutes whose obvious
purpose is to protect private persons and cor
porations from having United States Revenue
officers reveal, to other private individuals
and corporations, facts which such officers
learned in the line of their duties. No law
yer deserving the name, ever dreamed that
the Statute meant anything else. In his ex
tremity, however, Judge Newman stretched
it; and made it protect Stegall from answer
ing legal questions put to him by a Judge of
the Superior Court whose purpose was, not
to learn a business rival's trade-secrets, but to
enforce a police law of Georgia.
Judge Newman had better commune with
himself very seriously, before he ever again
orders “heavily armed deputies” to rape a
State Court. J new spirit is abroad in the
land, and it is a fighting spirit. These Fed
eral Judges have aroused in the hearts of the
people the most intense hatred. They have
done it by their persistent usurpations of
power, their flagrant contempt of States’
Rights, and their base servility to the ma
rauding corporal ions.
All we need is, that our men in State office
show grit enough to take a firm stand against
these lawless judges. We are ready to do all
the fighting that may be necessary to compel
the life-tenure tyrants to respect the twenty
fifth section of the Judiciary act of 1789, and
the Eleventh Amendment to the Constitution
of the United States.
There isn't a. line of law giving these in
ferior court judges jurisdiction over the stat
utes of States— not one line. The law pro
vides that the test of constitutionality shall be
applied to State laws in the State Courts,
from the highest of which a Writ of Error
lies to the highest Federal Court.
These District Courts haven’t a particle of
jurisdiction over the constitutionality of
Zsl>e Jeffersonian
State laws. That they have arrogated it to
themselves, and made good the encroachment,
is astonishing evidence of the submissiveness
of the States.
There isn’t a line of law authorizing Fed
eral Courts to take jurisdiction of suits
against the officials who carry on the State
Government. The State is bodily visible
through its officials. In no other way can the
State be seen, heard, touched. IN NO
OTHER WAN CAN IT SUE, OR BE
SUED. Yet, the Federal Courts are contin
ually enjoining Governors, etc., at the suit of
private corporations— thus doing the very
thing which the Eleventh Amendment was
adopted to prevent.
Judge Fite made a mistake when he sur
rendered his prisoner, Stegall. The Sheriff
of Dade county should have girdled the Tren
ton jail with steel. Had those nigger-serv
ing and “heavily armed deputies” advanced
on the jail, after having been duly warned
to “Stand off!” they should have been shot
down. Their mission was one of lawlessness,
and “the heavily armed” condition in which
they prepared to go to Dade proves that they
meant bloodshed.
As some were to be killed, it might as well
have been the lawless aggressors.
Judge Fite has been fuming ever since he
listened to Attorney-General Hart, and al
lowed his Court to be ravished. The ink was
hardly dry on Newman’s monstrous decision
before Judge Fite went into action.
A special session of Dade Supreme Court
was called: and the Sheriff was sent to seize
the Cureton whiskey still. A United States
Gauger was there, and he talked big, as most
of the United States officials do. But he was
clapped, in jail, all the same.
Evidently, the Atlanta bunch (Newman,
Carter l ate and Rucker, the negro,) had had
a God’s lavish of Habeas Corpus; for the
Gauger was left to sleep in jail, and to come
up, like an ordinary mortal, and give bond
for his appearance at the Superior.
So, you see, Judge Fite comes out on top.
Bully for him.
Let no State officer be afraid to stand up
for State Rights: THE FEDERAL GOV
ERNMENT IS IN NO CONDITION TO
MAKE WAR ON THE STA TES. And it
never will be, again.
Another Spunky Editor Takes the
Home People's Side of the
Mission Question
Here comes another editor who isn’t asking
the foreign missionaries to excuse him for be
ing alive. He is Judge A. S. Anderson, of
tlie Millen (Georgia) News.
He hits the anvil true and hard. He raps
the South Georgia Conference for giving the
foreigners twice as much as was given io the
home-folks.
If Judge Anderson can get his hands on
some detailed reports from the foreign field,
lie will begin to understand this bellyache
for the alleged heathen.
Die word “ Salary” is the Sambo of the
wood-pile. I don’t mean to say that all for
eign missionaries are working for the money
they get out of it. but knowing poor human
nature as I do, and knowing what fat salaries
these missionaries enjoy, I can’t escape the
conviction that were we to reduce the whole
system to the apostolic measure, we'd lose
two of the actors in this worldwide farce
tragedy:
(1) The foreign missionary. Take away
that salary, which has a purchasing power,
over there, of from $3,000 to $5,000: take
away his servants, his horses and carriages;
his luxurious winter residence in the city, his
beautiful mountain home for the summer; his
elegant launches and house-boats—and the
missionary would throw up his job in disgust.
(2) The alleged “Convert”. Take away
what they are giving him, and he'd go right
back into the religion of his fathers. If they
were to turn the widows out of those com
fortable “Homes”; the pupils out of the
boarding schools; the sick away from the
free dispensary and hospital—they would not
have a “Convert” left, anywhere m the East.
And they know it!
Here's one item, taken from one of the re
ports of one of the Missionary Societies.
Page 309, November number 1909, of Mis
sion ary Tidings:
“Kulpahar, India, Helen E. Moss Mission,.
Women’s and Babies’ Home, $2,216.74.”
That is to say, the fanatic took more than
two thousand dollars of your money, last
year, to run that one Home for the benefit of
women and babes thousands of miles off—
leaving neglected suffering women and ba
bies, by the tens of thousands, all over this
home land of ours.
They spent $4,547 at that “Mission” last
year— of which amount “Evangelistic work”
got SIOB.
y.
Some Daily Papers in Georgia
In the Rome (Georgia) Tribune-Herald
appears an interesting editorial on the circu
lation of the daily papers.
Taking the figures from Ayer’s report, the
writer puts the Atlanta Journal, with 50,000
circulation, at the head of the list; the At
lanta Georgian 40,000; the Atlanta Constitu
tion 3.7.000: the Macon Telegraph 10,000; and
the Augusta Chronicle 6,000. The Augusta
Herald and the Savannah Atows have 7,000
each. The other dailies fall into the “scatter
ing” column.
The Tribune-Herald makes one curious
mistake, when it says that there is not a sin
gle tri-weekly in Georgia. I imagine that
Clark Howell would have a few hot words to
sputter about that.
The Augusta Chronicle is the oldest daily
in the State, dating back, as I remember, to
the eighteenth century. Therefore, its circu
lation seems small in comparison with its age.
The Savannah News is also of prehistoric
vintage, and a mighty fine paper, withal.
Yet it seems strange that a young and “don’t
tread-on-anybody’s toes” journal, like the Au
gusta Herald, should equal the venerable,
sober-gaited News in circulation.
The Macon Telegraph, is also a paper of
long standing-. When Albert Lamar and A.
R. Watson edited it, away back yonder in the
Seventies, it was a power—as it is now. Un
der the management of the late H. C. Han
son, however, it made lots of serious blun
ders; and I am under the impression that it
was at a low ebb, when Charley Pendleton
came bobbing up from South Georgia and
comparative obscurity to take hold of it.
That was a bold step. To go from a local
weekly to a city daily, and risk the chances
of ownership, as well as management, re
quired as much courage in the country editor
as Wellington’s invasion of Spain.
Pendleton has fought me like the Devil,
but that’s all right. I love a hard-hitter, and
never bear malice. He gets out a first-class
paper; and while we differ on many things,
I like to read his paper.
The Atlanta Constitution is of modern
origin, having its source in Colonel Bob Al
ston’s admiration for young Henry Grady.
General Toombs, in one of his royal moods,
(cups too, I guess,) loaned Colonel Alston a
pile of money on his newspaper outfit; and
when the debt was not paid at maturity, the
business side of the old General’s character
asserted itself, most unsentimentally, and he
sold out the Alston-Grady assets.
Henry got on a high-horse, and “pub
lished” General Toombs, using the greatlv
admired phrase, “Z7> loaned his money like 'a
Prince: he collected it like a Shylock”.
So, all sides came out happy—Alston and
Grady because of the hit that phrase had