PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
71103. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Tb>mplk Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Bnttrtd at Ptitojfct, Atlanta, Ga., January IS, iqO7, at ttttnd
tlatt mail matter
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, April 9, 1908
The Gubernatorial Memory.
The human memory is, proverbially, a
fickle jade; but we have seldom seen her
play such shabby tricks with a great man
as she has recently done with Governor
Hoke Smith.
Ah, what a time he did have forgetting,
remembering, denying and explaining, on
that matter of the use of “light wines and
beer.” If anybody but a Governor had
got himself so mixed up on that subject
an uncharitable and wicked world would
have said that he had been indulging in
too much of both the tipples which he
recommended.
But the latest trick played upon the
Governor by his capricious memory, is on
that matter of the early primary. His
campaign, in 1906, resounded with denun
ciations of the political wire-workers who
manipulated things in the interest of those
who are in office by taking snap judg
ment, at an early primary. So late as No
vember 17, 1907, Governor Smith was hot
ly denouncing this favorite maneuvre of
the wire-pulling ringsters.
The Jeffersonian, astonished at the
Governor’s change upon this matter, as
upon several others, made the point on
him, and endeavored to find out why it
was that the Governor had joined the
Ringsters and was now favoring the
early primary.
In his Waycross speech the Governor
(who seems to spend most of his time
away from his office and post of duty),
declared that he had never denounced a
primary called so late as June.
It was the April primary that Hoke
Smith, the candidate for office, objected
to —not one on the 4th of June.
So?
Let us do Hoke Smith no injustice. Let
us refer to the record and refresh our
memories as to what he did say. Clearly,
he himself has forgotten.
Turning to the speech he made at Mc-
Rae, only five months ago, we find Gov
ernor Smith using this identical lan
guage :
“There are men now running for the
Legislature, when the first session of the
Legislature under existing laws at which
they expected to serve, will not meet until
the summer of 1909.
“I AM OPPOSED TO ELECTING
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
LEGISLATORS FOR THE SESSION
OF 1909 UNTIL THE SESSION OF
1908 IS OVER.”
Those were his words in his speech of
November 17, 1907. Nothing said about
April; nothing about May; nothing about
June. He announced a principle— a
sound principle— that candidates for the
legislature ought not to be elected in a
primary called before the session of 1908
is over.
In other words, the people should not
be asked to choose the men for the Legis
lature of 1909, until the Legislature of
1908 is over. The reason is obvious; the
people should know how their members
have conducted themselves during their
first terms in office before being called
upon to give them a second term.
To re-elect members before their term
of service has been completed is in prac
tical effect, to give them a four-year term
instead of a two-year term. And, of
course, this kind of system violates the
Constitution.
When members are elected on June 4,
1908, to serve in the Legislature of 1909.
the very thing which Governor Smith
said he was opposed to will have been
done.
Therefore, in favoring the early pri
mary of June 4, it must be apparent to
all that Governor Smith has gone back on
what he said during the campaign of
1906, and in his speech of November,
1907.
The question is: Why has Governor
Smith changed his position so materially
on such a very important matter? An
other Question is: Why did he, at Way
cross, forget that he had opposed the
early primary on the principle that it was
wrong to choose “legislators for the ses
sion of 1909” before “the session of 1908
is over.”
The Governor, five months ago, said he
was opposed to this. Now, he is not op
posed to it.
He even forgets that he said he was
opposed to it.
Alas!—the fickleness of human mem
ory.
HUM
Correcting Gobernor Smith and His
Triends in the Matter of the
Glober Case.
A few nights ago, Governor Hoke
Smith made an address before a meeting
of laboring men in the city of Atlanta.
In the course of this speech he is report
ed to have said that I was vexed with
him because he did not pardon Arthur
Glover at my request. If Governor Smith
made any statement of this kind he mis
represented the facts. He has never been
asked by me to pardon anybody.
Arthur Glover was convicted of mur
dering a paramour who had betrayed him
and who was supporting another man off
Glover’s wages. When he spoke to her
of this betrayal of him, she grossly in
sulted him and ordered him out of the
mill where he went to speak to her. He.
did not go to the place with the intention
of killing the woman, for he had made an
appointment on a business matter for that
afternoon. He did this when he was on
his way to the mill to see the woman. In
the heat of passion he did kill her, and
thus committed a horrible crime. It never
entered my head that he should not be
punished for it. It never entered my head
to ask Governor Smith to pardon him.
But inasmuch as Glover had once been
partly instrumental in saving my life,
when it was menaced by the ruffians who
were in the pay of the Augusta ring, I. en
deavored to save his when the same ring
sters were bent upon putting him to
death, more on account of his having been
an obnoxious Populist than because of
his having killed a bad woman. More
over, I knew from an acquaintance of
twenty years, that Glover was not a man
of sound mind. The phvsicians who ex
amined him officially reported to the Gov
ernor that he was not a man of sound
mind. Therefore it seemed to me that a
sentence to hard labor for life in the Peni
tentiary in Glover’s case would meet
every requirement of justice. That much
I very earnestly requested, and when I
went away from the Governor’s office he
must have known that I did so believing
that my prayer yould be granted. What
changed his mind afterwards, I do not
know.
»
Hereafter, when Governor Smith and
his friends have occasion to refer to the
Glover case, I trust that they will not use
the word pardon, for it is altogether mis
leading. Let Governor Smith state the
plain and simple truth, that I urged him
not to pardon Glover, but to commute the
sentence to imprisonment for life in the
Penitentiary.
It was in another case, that Governor.
Smith was asked to grant a pardon. That
was the Walline case, in which an unmar
ried man, by his indecent behavior in the
sight of a married woman, compelled that
lady to request h.er husband to remon
strate with Walline; and when this hus
band did remonstrate with the young man
for the indecency of his conduct Walline
killed him. That was the case in which
the Governor was asked for a pardon, and
he granted it. Walline had served but
three vears for his terrible crime.
As to the Glover case being the sole
motive for my criticisms of Governor
Smith’s administration the files of the Jef
fersonian show how unfounded that state
ment is.
Long before the Glover case came up,
the Jeffersonian was calling attention to
the shortcomings and blunders of Gov
ernor Smith.
The increase of the Railroad Commis
sion was strongly condemned as an un
necessary expense. The failure to give
attention to the organization of the Leg
islature and its committees was criticised.
We commented upon the blunder of eject
ing Joe Brown from the Railroad Commis
sion and leaving his two associates un
touched. We had much to say about the
wonderful “pull” of Obe Stevens, and the