firing line, on both sides it seems to be:
'"Officers, to the rear!”
* * * #
Sheriff Box, of Bedford, Indiana, an
swered Governor Marshall’s message relative
to the strike situation in the great stone quar
ries there that he could not persuade business
men to serve as deputies to protect imported
strike-breakers. Good for the men of Bed
ford, who will not be used in such quarrels!
The beloved brethren and sisters of the Re
formed Church at Bedminster, New Jersey,
bethinking themselves
An Appropriate that Christmas was
Christmas Present. at hand, carefully
scraped together their
dollars, dimes and pennies to give the pastor,
the Rev. Edward R. Kurenganga, a shotgun.
The report goes on to say that Mr. Kuren
ganga, “though a most devout man, enjoys a
hunting trip about as much as any amusement
under the sun, and the congregation knows
his weakness. He is a crack shot at rabbit
hunting.”
There is no spectacle more elevating than
that of the ordinary two-legged animal going
forth to kill, torture, frighten and leave
maimed and dying, crippled and starving, the
poor little creatures of the wood and field,
but when the beloved pastor goes by with his
shotgun, one is constrained to wish that some
giant from Mars would step up and take his
gun, load it with salt or buckshot and fire it
into him. A fine follower of Jesus and a
splendid example of obedience to the law,
“Thou shalt not kill!”
The much despised sentimentalist always
got it in the neck when he ventured a rebuke
of hunting for sport. Os late years, however,
the Despised S. has been joined by a consid
erable number 01 very hard-headed beings who
prove beyond question or equivocation that
the killing of the birds has left the farms at
the mercy 01 insects which destroy millions of
dollars worth of crops, thus forcing the price
of foodstuffs higher. Corn, wheat and all
manner of grain, vegetables and fruits are
annually destroyed by the ton through the
ravages of insect life. The cotton crop suffers
in like measure, and all to satisfy an insen
sate cruelty. Nature’s laws seem harsh and
cruel when one species must live by the death
of another, but man is the only animal who is
wantonly a slayer. Our ideas are very queer, in
deed. The writer has heard the “pot-hunter”
sneered at, for killing what he needed or what
he could actually sell for food, by the la-de-dah,
elegant sportman who blindly kills scores of
birds and dozens of rabbits and squirrels and
throws the pitiful little bodies away. From
England, doubtless, comes the impression that
killing for sport is an aristocratic pastime,
while killing game for food, and only so much
as is needed, is vulgar. The view ought to
be reversed; either one is bad enough, but the
“pot-hunter” has his justification, the sports-
If you want Real enjoyment, send
ten cents for a copy of Humorist
Address publisher, Humorist, St
Louis, Mo. In ordering your read
ing matter, don’t fall to include the
Humorist.
/"Y'S'% ¥ r cured; quick relief; re-
liza■ LZ V V moves all swelling- in Bto
I|YI 11 | 20 days; 30 to 60 days es-
JL7 lIUI kx 1 sects a permanent cure.
Trial treatment Riven free
to sufferers ; nothing fairer. For circular, testi
monials and free treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS
Box K, Atlanta. Ga.
CHEW RED EYE TOBACCO
IT COSTS A LITTLE MORE
BUT THEN
It Lasts Twice as Long
TAYLOR BROS., Mfrs., Winston-Salem, N. C.
man none, either from an economic, or hu
manitarian standpoint.
They are beginning to howl down Dr.
Cook. It seems that the high-brows at Co
penhagen, who never got two
The Cook feet from their firesides in
Situation their lives, are dissatisfied with
Acute. the Doctor’s records. This will
bring great rejoicing in the
Peary camp, but in nowise disturb the wide
spread impression that Dr. Cook either
reached the Pole or sincerely believed that he
had done so, or in fact that he had gone near
er the Pole than any other white man had
ever gone.
The question arises, How is it that these
savants know so amazingly well just what
the records ought to show? Indeed, if they
know with such exactitude as to make them
infallible judges, what need for any man to
risk his life reaching the Pole? The fact
that the records were NOT just what the
savants expected would indicate that they
were true. Why should their abstract ideas,
dug out of books, nullify the findings of an
intelligent man who had really experienced
the actual conditions? Presumably Dr. Cook
recorded what he saw, what and
would not have deviated from w T hat he ought
to record in order that such record might
conform to the theories of some one else.
Men who put the entire alphabet after
their names are always unwilling for a mere
ordinary mortal to accomplish positive re
sults in science where their own tinkering has
been futile. The famous Pasteur, whose
work in bacteriology has meant so much to
the world, began life a plebeian of the plebe
ians in an humble walk, and so with others.
# >». tills, we believe that Dr. Cook’s
claim will be fully sustained upon fair in
vestigation.
How about scrutinizing the Peary records?
Are they exempt?
But then, Peary belongs to the United
States Navy, and if there ever was a hide
bound ring in the world it is that same Navy
gang. For twenty years he had as good an
opportunity to reach the Pole as Dr. Cook
had in twenty months, yet no sooner had
Cook’s announcement reached the civilized
world than Peary’s followed. There has been
a profound and positive unwillingness on the
part of the Peary faction to believe that any
other man could succeed without Peary’s per
mission to do so. The Board in Copenhagen
may or may not be satisfied that Dr. Cook
reached the Pole, but the official records of
Commander Peary have not been scrutinized.
When a bunch of scientists get together for a
wrangle, the uninitiated public is thrown into
considerable confusion, but the fair-minded
and generous portion will be unwilling to be
lieve Dr. Cook a faker, and it would take his
own personal confession of falsehood to dis
honor him and his heroic effort to achieve
what had been an impossibility for ages.
THE HOUSEHOLD MONITOR
A sixteen-page, four-column mag
azine, devoted to the interests of the
people, young and old. Price, 50
cents a year. Address
W. B. SCREWS, Editor,
Aline, Ga.
$26.00 5-COLOR CATALOG NOW READY—Let Us Mail You a Copy TODAY
is What
Ymi^> aVe means # et this valuable FREE Book before buying your Vehicle or Harness. It is the
Tilts most complete Vehicle Catalog ever published; full of valuable information and worth at least
Baggy VY fx If $20.00 to every vehicle user. It fully describes over 150 styles of Vehicles, Wagons and Har-
ness, at prices which save you $20.00 to $40.00.
KB 1 cut here and mail today —.
Golden Eagle Buggy Co., Station Mo. 1,
X \ X 156-166 Edgewood Ave., Atlanta, Ga.
1 Gentlemen : Please mail me, postpaid, your new 5-color 106- page catalog.
/ N ame County L
i hu Jnni u
***"“"■- ,JO Post Office R.F.D. No
151)e 3effersoniait
MAKE YOUR HENS LAY MORE EGOS trial
XX I have perfected a method and
Poultry tonic that makes hens lay
I i fa,. ' ‘ the whole year as in spring at a
cos t of 3c. per 50 hens. A trial
. • -1 will convince you. Write for it.
Enclose stamp.
N. L. WEBB, - Lamasco, Texas
A Most Sensible Editorial on
Price of Cotton
In the Augusta (Ga.) Herald, we find the
following:
“THE COTTON CROP AND PRICE.
“The Government estimate of the size of the
cotton crop this year has had the most bullish
effect on the market. This estimate was lower
than any previous one, from any source, for it
puts this year’s crop at only a little over 10,000,-
000 bales. The previous most accepted belief had
been that the crop would be in the neighborhood
of 11,000,000 bales.
“While it is probable, in view of the fact that
the Government estimates made at this time have
uniformly been too large, that the final total re
ceipts will be in excess of this present estimate, it
has had the effect of raising the price. There re
mains no longer any doubt that cotton will reach
a still higher level, and it would not be at all sur
prising if it should go nearly or quite to 20 cents
before the end of the season.
“This rise in the price of cotton is not a good
thing for the South, and especially for the cotton
grower. This may seem a strange view to take
of it, but a little reasoning will show that it is
the correct one. Ordinarily the higher the price
of a staple, the better it is for those who produce
it, or whose affairs are intimately related to the
prosperity of the producers, which in the case of
cotton applies to the South as a whole. Had the
price of cotton been as high as it is now, or as it
bids fair to rise, at the beginning of the season, it
would have benefited the cotton-growers and the
South immensely.
“But now very little cotton remains in the
hands of the farmers. They have for the most
part sold their cotton as fast as it was ginned,
and the ginning is very nearly completed. How
little is held by the farmers may be understood
from the stocks in the Augusta warehouses. Al
though the receipts up to the present are over
24,000 bales ahead of last season’s to this date,
the stock held in Augusta is 34,000 bales less, or
less than two-thirds of last season’s holdings.
Comparatively little cotton is held by farmers, or
by any one else in the South, and any rise in price
now can therefore not benefit the South much.
“On the other hand it may do great harm. This
it may do if the farmers, incited by the high price
this year, increase their acreage next year. Should
a favorable crop year follow under such circum
stances, it would mean a bumper crop, and a ter
rible drop in price. Not only would the farmers
fail to get the high price for which they had
planted, but they would have incurred expenses
in making this crop on the basis of high prices,
and probably also neglected other crops to raise
more cotton. Compelled under such circum
stances to sell for a lower price the result would
be disastrous. It would set the farmers back
two or three years, and would have a depressing
effect on the South generally.
“For the past twelve years every alternate cot
ton crop has been large and small. For the last
seven years this alternate large and small crop
has been very decided. Under this order the crop
next year would be large, and the price of course
correspondingly low.
If our farmers will heed the lesson so plainly
apparent in all this and just sit steady in the boat,
plant only the usual acreage in cotton next year
and try to raise more corn and other things, high
prices for cotton might be maintained, and in
creased prosperity come to them and to the South.
“Will they do this? Or will they allow the
high price of cotton to lead them into committing
the great mistake of increasing the acreage?”
COMIC POST CARDS
AT BOTTOM PRICES
Latest Designs, Beautiful Colors
BUY AT HEADQUARTERS
10 Be ,t Samples by Mail for 12 cents
BARWIS NOVELTY CO., 37 Cooper St., Trenton, N. J.
PAGE FIVE