Lend Us Your Money
And we will use it in the establishment of a great
printing plant, which shall turn out the JEFFER
SONIANS in the best shape for all our subscribers.
You will reap the benefit. We will pay you SEVEN
PER CENT for the use of your money—a higher
rate of interest than you can get at any bank, and
your money will be ABSOLUTELY SAFE.
Write for full particulars.
THE JEFFERSONIANS
THOMSON, GA.
FOR SALE—My Country Home
of 550 acres land, 6 miles South of Valdosta, on G. S. & F. Railroad, half
mile from Railroad Station, with 250 acres in cultivation and all stumped
except few recently cleared corners, all in a high state of cultivation,
growing both long and short staple cotton, corn, peanuts, sugar cane, sweet
potatoes, velvet beans, hay, etc. All practically under wire fence.
The best quail hunting in Georgia with two natural connecting lakes of
about 100 acres supported by springs making running water nice and
fresh at all times. The lakes abound in fish of all kinds and are famous
for the quantity of large trout that thrill the sportsman’s soul and try his
skill.
The entire tract is nicely drained and has nice improvements, viz.:
One 7-room dwelling, one 5-room dwelling, four tenant houses, a large barn
and stable, smoke house and two good out houses. The best equipped
cotton ginnery for both long and short staple cotton in this whole section,
steam evaporating syrup plant, plantation saw mill, nice fruit trees and
vineyard, good wells of water and everything that goes to make up an
ideal home.
Such an opportunity presents itself once in a lifetime. Investigate quick.
Will sell without the Lakes if preferred.
- _ ED. L. THOMAS, Valdosta, Ga.
Sixteen Pages Weekly
SAMPLE FREE
Qn Trial 52 Weeks
—Only 25 Cents
T&aaaA'. Qfeza&
UMSBest
Amboses
AND GROWN S
|O WB (jve best RESULTS, g
®ff And most Flowers are what we Offer.. g
■ W .A Select Rardy. and Easily cared for list of ■
I " OniarnenaL Shade trees, Hedges, and Shrub- ■
■ bery also,' ■
I LANDSCAPE DESIGNS AND PLANTING PUNS PREPARED. I
■ Complete catalog -oi Roses, Ornamental. Fruit. ■
■ <nd Nut trees, Free, ’■ ■
I VUE griffing BROS, co, Nurserymen ■
M -main f<< ~ jfach»orwille.
A FREE SCHOLARSHIP
In one of Draughon’s Practical Bus
iness Colleges can be obtained by a
little work at odd times. This is a
regular FIFTY DOLLAR scholarship,
entitling the student to a full course
of Bookkeeping, or a full course of
Shorthand and Typewriting, including
all the auxiliary branches, such as
Banking, Spelling, Punctuation, Math
ematics, etc.
If you want to earn this scholarship
write to us at once.
THE JEFFERSONIANS,
Thomson, Ga.
FOUND!
One of the best Commission Houses for
you to ship your Peaches, Pears, Water
melons, Lopes, and everything in this line
to. Write them today. They are
HEWITT & COMPANY,
10 Bast Camden St. Baltimore, Hd.
‘
'•■■tr.g-- '•••• ■■
f practical Farming
andGARDENING
......
Soil Fertility
Irrigation, Drainage • EDGERTON
Crop Culture
Gardening, Trucking •>. • ERWIN
: | Fruits, Forestry )
: | Pruning, Grafting, Budding > • TAFT
s | Training the Grape ( J
: JL Injurious Insects
: Plant Diseases <• • TITUS
: Spraying
: / MUMFORD
: Selecting and F.eeding ) KERRICK
- JLJL Farm Animals for Profit j STEVENSON
E \ RANKIN
Diseases of Farm Animals - CRAIG
Silos and Silage - WOLL
Making Poultry Pay • * JACOBS
: Handy Rules, Useful Information
Farm Cookery .... TANTY
E PR Ic E, $ 2.00
»—— I I I
See Page Seven for “How to GetpJp a Club 9
Jeffersonian
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine*-useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver-indigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generations have been the leading physicians of
. Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and Is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of Its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 30, 1906.
One Dollar
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
This is the magazine of the twentieth Century. It carries
short stories, poems, historical articles and special contri
butions on governmental questions. Mr. Watson writes
about 25 pages per month.
ONLY ONE DOLLAR YEARIX
Limited to November Ist.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, - - Thomson, Ga.
Premium
For 3 Magazine Subscriptions at
SI.OO or 2 Weekly Subscrip
tions at SI.OO.
Practical Farming
and Gardening
Cloth, bound; size, 6xß inches; 260,000
words; 224 illustrations; weight
lbs.; 500 pages.
; Each contributor is an expert in
his department, and the book con
tains information of inestimable
value to everyone engaged in farm
ing, stock raising, gardening, or
any agricultural pursuit. This is
a modern up-to-date book, which
should have its place in every
farmer’s library.
PAGE FIFTEEN