PAGE TEN
ZZTZEKJ TROM THE PEOPLE
AN OLD VET WRITES ABOUT PENSIONS.
Colquitt, Ga., May 4, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My Dear Sir: I see a piece in the Jeffer
sonian in regard to the payment of pensions
and the old soldiers being willing to it. I have
seen a great many of them since the act was
passed and not one have I found who likes
it as to paying the school teachers. I think it
right for them to have their money, but not
the old soldiers’ monev. I left my home the
sixth day of July, 1861, and was mustered
into service the Sth day at Griffin. I expect
ed to start to school the next Monday, but
feeling that duty to my country called for my
services, left my home to serve my country
and I now have the honor of being the first
man to fire a gun on Georgia soil in her de
fense on Whitmarsh Island at Savannah. My
first service was in the mountains of West
Virginia under Gen. Floyd; from there was
ordered to Savannah to guard the coast at,
that place; then ordered back to Virginia and
joined Jackson’s corps at Gordonsville, Va.,
and from there to the seven-day battle below
Richmond; was in every battle of any note
until the 9th of July, at Monocacy Junction,
near Frederick City, Md., I lost my left leg
below the knee. I have riaised eight children
to be grown and married six boys and two
girls and allow me to say, I give you the front
seat in all things. With best wishes for you
and yours, I close. Your friend,
J. F. BUSH.
“BETHANY” REACHES ASIA.
Chittabalbie, Korea, Asia, April 2, 1908.
Mr. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga., U. S. A.
Dear Sir: I have just read “Bethany”
and hasten to express to you my hearty thanks
for this interesting sidelight upon that awful
conflict. We, the later generation, know noth
ing but the history of that strife and w 7 e owe
you a debt of gratitude. My love for dear old
Dixie is made stronger and my admiration of
the heroes in gray keener for this story. And
for the “Mrs. Dabneys” I have nothing but
the most respectful worship. And the South
is now full of such, don’t you believe ? Those
noble women deserve to be enrolled among the
world’s heroines. When this frame of mine
is forsaken by all that’s immortal I ask no
greater honor for it than to rest in dear old
Dixie, the home of the bravest men and no
blest women on God’s earth. I thank you
heartily. Yours very truly,
DR. J. W. NOLAN.
LaGrange, Ga., April 24, 1908.
I have just finished reading “Bethany,”
one of your books, and think it the best of
its kind that I have ever read. Wishing
you much success in your great work, my
father is a reader of both your weekly and
monthly. I enjoy them very much, especial
ly the Farmers' Union columns and letters
from the people.
Respectfully yours,
!Su . . _ J. L. HENDRICKS.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
SOCIALISM WHEN EXPOSED.
Talk about Socialism, show me a promi
nent exponent of socialism and I will show you
generally, a man who can not speak the Eng
lish language well. Usually he is, or has
been, a boozer, or a booze seller, in the cities
especially, and is not a property owner.
Some few who have made a stake selling
booze, contrary to our so-called law, they are
socialists to catch the socialist patronage.
They are socialists for the dollars and they
are all after the dollars, just like other men
who are sound in mind. Money is a creature
of law, a representative of values and they
know it.
Look at the inconsistency of so-called so
cialism, the Appeal to Reason, their recog
nized official organ, giving tracts of land and
houses and lots to club raisers for that pub
lication, who send them the largest list of
subscribers within a given time, yet social
ists teach the doctrine of opposition to pri
vate ownership. Their theory of government
has been ignored in the old countries, where
most of their strongest exponents came from,
and a People’s government has been inaugu
rated • which is Populism in this country.
The socialist of Catana, Rome, instituted
a municipal bake house over there about two
years ago to make break cheaper and the
government auditor visited that place and
found that the city had run behind $28,000 in
the two years of socialistic rule and he or
dered the bake house put into liquidation,
which they did and resigned. This is like
the co-operative stores they tried to operate
in, and around, this city, a short time ago,
as is well known to all thinking men here,
and they failed.
Every man knows that the socialists de
mand that “everything” be owned in “com
mon.” The dictionary defines the words, “ev.
erything in common,” to mean just what it
says, and the members of the socialist party
are led to believe in their teachings, un
thoughtedly and also in the issuing of a certifi
cate each evening to those who have labored
representing the wealth each have created.
It’s a fine pipe dream to be ignorant. Then
all of the big boozers, loafers and dead-beats
in the land will share equally with all of the
industrious, energetic and sober gentlemen
of the land, according to socialism. It would
take an army of men to issue these certifi
cates they talk about, or it would have to be
left to the men themselves to say how much
wealth each have created. You can see how
inconsistent that plan of government would
be and I am at a loss to know how men can
he deluded into associating themselves with
a political party of this kind.
A. J. Williams, a former prominent Social
ist of Des Moines, lowa, says there is nothing
to them, in his public letter. But still these
socialists say, you don’t understand socialism,
yet no three of them can agree, still they talk
reform. Populism is the only acknowledged
plan of government.
Respectfully,
J. R. NORMAN.
LABOR AND POLITICS—A GOOD COMBI
NATION.
Samuel Gompers seems to be throughly
worked up over the question of labor going
into politics. There is nothing like being
denied something you want to induce one to
throughly advocate a new policy. The
Supreme Court of the United States has hit
union labor with a couple of decisions lately.
Now, Mr. Gompers, President of the American
Federation of Labor, wants to have Congress
change the Sherman Anti-trust law so as to
shut off the Supreme Court from enjoining
labor unions from striking. He threatens
Congressmen with the labor vote to make them
fall into line. The other day Mr. Gompers
said:
“Labor will not let itself be outlawed by
any judicial decisions. Labor has its rights,
knows them and will stand for them. Labor
organizations have political power. This
power has never been utilized as it should be.”
All right. Let labor get into politics as
soon as it pleases. If the members of labor
unions will hang together and vote solidly for
candidates who think about the rights of the
people, this force may be the one that is
needed to correct the abuses from which the
country is suffering, owing to the manipula
tion of candidates and office-holders by a few
men with interests to protect and with favors
to ask. —Tallahassee, Florida, Sun.
PLAIN AMERICAN CITIZENS SUIT US.
A newspaper correspondent writes that a
lesson has been taught by the recent un
pleasantness over the selection of Dr. David
Javne Hill as Ambassador to Germany, which
will result in favorable consideration for
buildings for our ambassadors in foreign
countries. It has leaked out that the Kaiser
objected to Dr. Hill because he did not have
money enough to keep up the pace set by Mr.
Charlemagne Tower.
The question that the American people will
ask is—“ Why should he?”
Mr. Tower dressed himself up in ruffled
shirts, plum colored long tailed coats, knee
satin breeches, silk stockings and pumps with
fancy buckles on them. He also entertained
lavishly.
The American people do not want their
representatives abroad aping the manners and
customs of the nobility. It is bad enough for
Americans to dress their flunkies out in these
gew-gaws. American gentlemen should not
wear them.
If a man were to go to London or Berlin or
Paris and behave himself like a plain Ameri
can citizen, he would find his salary enough to
meet his expenses, and he should lend dignity
to the office by being an American citizen,
carrying out Democratic ideas of simplicity.
We do not need these buildings, nor these
givers of dinner parties, in our business.—
Exchange.
The man who lives simply and justly and
honorably, whether rich or poor, is a good
citizen.—President Roosevelt.