COTTON-GROWING IN OTHER LANDS.
The Southern grower of cotton has one
tremendous advantage over the producer of
any other of the great staples of the world.
He enjoys what is virtually a monopoly, in
spite of the great efforts made to grow cot
ton in quantity in other regions, for a long
time, probably for all time. The rest of the
world will, for as long a period as one may
safely hold in his vision, have to depend up
on the cotton produced in the South.
This is made more apparent by the recent
publication by the Department of Commerce
and Labor of a bulletin on “Cotton Produc
tion.” Although the bulletin states that
“almost the entire crop of the world is pro
duced between the 40th parallel north lati
tude and the 20th south,” and this region em
braces the greater part of the land surface
of the globe, yet it is evident that in only a
limited portion of this area is cotton grown
with the greatest success and profit. This cot
ton belt of the world includes all Africa,
“from the Mediterranean sea to the Cape of
Good Hope; from Spain to Japan, and Aus
tralia; and from Norfolk, Va., in the United
States, to Buenos Aires, in South America.”
This stretches the latitudes a bit, as Buenos
Aires would take the southern bounds as far
as the 35th south latitude, instead of the
20th. But the staple is grown merely as a
curiosity, and experiment, or for limited local
use in every region of the earth except three:
The Southern States, India and Egypt.
A glance at the figures given by the de
partment will at once establish this. The
Southern States produce 66 per cent of the
total crop of the world, or, say, 11,000,000 of
the 16,500,000 bales of 500 pounds each. In
dia produces very nearly 15 per cent and
Egypt very nearly 8 per cent. Add the three
and we see that the Southern States, India
and Egypt produce very nearly 89 per cent
of the entire crop. The rest of the world
produces only 11 per cent, or a grand total
of some 1,889,000 bales, or about the average
crop of Georgia.
The table shows some rather interesting,
even astonishing, facts. For persons think of
Russia as a cotton-grower, yet she stands
fourth in rank, with 62,000 bales yearly —
produced in the warm regions of Central Asia.
China is fifth with 370,000. Mexico, with
85,000, and Peru with 55,000, and Persia with
50,000. All the rest of the world accounts for
only 200,000 bales or less than 2 per cent of
the crop.
It is interesting to observe that “the rest
of the world” includes practically all of those
regions in which the English, Germans,
French and others are trying to raise cotton
in competition with'us.
I
It is also interesting to reflect that the con
sumption of the world is increasing at a rate
so considerable as to enable the South to
maintain its control of the crop. Here the
increased world demand could be met from
year to year by the simple process of better
methods of cultivation. The present acreage
Os Interest to Wealth Producers
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
devoted to cotton in the South could easily
be made to produce half again as much cot
ton, and with far more profit to the farmer.
And, should it become expedient, twice or
thrice the acreage could be put to cotton. In
no other part of the world has the farmer this
tremendous advantage. Everywhere else he
must produce an inferior staple, or a smaller
yield, or his efforts are entirely experimental,
hazardous, and generally disastrous.
The agricultural dominion of the South
seems secure. —Columbia State.
FRUIT LAND VALUES.
The value of fruit lands in full bearing will
be w’ell tested in the Lewiston-Clarkston valley
this year, and individual growers would do
well to keep a careful account of returns from
their several tracts to be able to satisfy them
selves and to furnish data for others in the
estimating of investments.
For the sake of comparison, a statement
from Manager J. F. Moore, of the Grand
Junction (Colorado) Fruit Growers’ associa
tion, relative to returns and values in that
fruit belt, is well worth preserving. Land in
that vicinity in full bearing has been selling
as high as $4,000 an acre, and in answer to
the question as to whether or not this was
reaching the danger point Mr. Moore is
reported in his home paper as saying that
to his personal knowledge one-half or more of
the growers of that district had realized S6OO
an acre from full-bearing orchards from their
crops, and allowing 50 per cent of this for
labor and all other necessary expenses, there
still remained S3OO an acre to the grower, or
10 per cent on his investment, placing the
value of his land at $3,000 per acre. How
much more the home builders were willing
to pay for living in that ideal climate, “the
home of the peach,” Mr. Moore could not
estimate, says the Lewiston Teller.
The fruit belt of Colorado is not any more
productive than the fruit belt in Hood River
valley, and it is doubtful if the wide variety
of fruit products can be grown in that section
that can be successfully grown here. If the
valley of the Grand can be called the “home
of the peach,” the valley of Hood /river can
be called the home of the cherry and apple.
Bearing orchards that are npvv selling in
Hood river valley for SI,OOO per acre, will
bring $4,000 of the same kind of money within
the next few years.
Land is destined to reach a 12 per cent
basis, and then add to this the value of our
water, climate and scenery and set your own
figure.—Hood River (Ore.) News Letter
The 225,000 farmers in Texas who belong
to the Farmers’ Union ought to be able to
have things just about their own way. That
many people banded together in one cause
and for one purpose have opportunity to
wield an invincible power, if they will just
stick together. Os all classes of our citizen
ship farmer certainly needs protection
from the money power encroachments on his
rights. All the fanner wants is his rights,
and if there is foiy<la disposition to give
him these rights, he Will be found amenable to
reason and willin to yield all minor points for
the sake of the greater and more important
rights. If anyone should have justice it is
the farmer, and we ask that it be not with
held from him. —Mansfield Texas Sun.
LIFT THE BURDENS FROM COTTON.
There is a whole sermon in the following
extract from a recent letter from Prof. W.
F. Massey to the Southern Farm Gazette:
“Western farmers raise hogs and sell them
at a profit, the railroads make a profit in
transporting them, the packers make a profit
in slaughtering and curing the meat, the
railroads bring the meat South at a profit and
the local merchant adds his profit, and the
cotton farmer pays for all of these profits
in buying the meat. Why not make all these
profits here by raising the hogs as cheaply as
the Western men can, and cheaper, too, I
believe, and then cure the meat at home?
The price of the bacon brought from the
West is largely made up of all these vari
ous profits, and it would seem that there is
a broad margin for the Southern man who
raise hogs. Hot house lambs are today selling
at wholesale for 20 to 25 cents a pound. They
can be more cheaply raised in the South than
in the North, for our sunny climate will favpr
them in winter. But, sad to say, all over the
South are thousands who are paying for every
thing out of which other people make money,
and paying it out of the one crop. Buying
meat for the cotton to pay for, hay for the
cotton to pay for, while they could raise the
hay at more profit than the cotton; paying
for the mules that work the cotton out of the
same crop, when they could keep mares and
raise mules to sell, and then out of what is
left trying to feed and clothe themselves pro
vided the fertilizer man leaves them anything,
and all the while the land grows less cotton
and needs more fertilizer, and the fertilizer
men get rich while the farmer gets poorer and
poorer, and can't see why it is.”—Co-Operator.
A state Farmers’ Union has just been
organized in Colorado, and the news comes
that the state of Washington will fall into
line during the summer. Thus the producer
of the basic wealth of the nation goes with
his work of preparation to share the enjoy
ment of the profits of his labor. —Co-Operator.
An Ohio man claims to have invented an
airship that “will stay up for months.” It
will doubtless make a hit with men who oc
casionally find it necessary to dodge their
creditors. —Washington Post.
It is to be hoped that the odorless onion
discovered by that Western Chinaman will
be on the market before our friends com
mence buttonholing us on the streets for the
purpose of talking politics.—Washington Post,
PAGE THREE