IS John Durham Watson’s Page §8
President Taft has completed his 13,000-
mile trip, of bamboozling the people on the
tariff question.
While he rode in common hacks and shook
hands with any and everybody, and declared
that the tariff' was pretty nearly all right, no
one has been fooled by him.
Even if he did let his trousers sometimes
bag at the knee, like we ordinary men, we do
not overlook the fact that Mr. Taft proved
that the present tariff measure is a good
measure from an array of figures prepared
for the Aldrich gang during that last session
of Congress.
While he may have shown his gastronomic
ability by digesting the different dishes of the
different sections through which he travelled,
all the time wearing the Taft smile, he will
never be able to make the people swallow
proofs proved by figures doctored by such
rascals as Aldrich and the heads of the
Trusts.
* * * *
During the time the President was jollying
the Southern and Western people, old Joe
Cannon was telling the people of Illinois that
the present tariff is better than any ever en
acted before, while Aldrich has been advising
us on our present money system.
Luckily for us the three happened to be in
different sections of the country at the same
time. It would be hard for any one section to
have to stand for this trio at the same time.
Since it seems that some of the big men of
the Sugar Trust must be punished by the
Government for robbing us of millions of
dollars in revenue duties by a system of
fraudulent weighing of sugar imported into
this country, the big men are beginning to sit
up and take notice.
As soon as indictments were found against
some of the higher officials, they began flying
to cover.
Officials have been resigning at a great rate
and every effort is being made to get the Gov
ernment to accept the amount of money of
which we have been robbed by the Sugar
Trust.
Veteran’s Corner
“WHAT IF THE SOUTH HAD
WON?’’
Virginians Protest Against Judge
Dickinson’s Views.
The Secretary of War is closely
watched South as well as North. He
is a Southerner of unquestioned loy
alty to his native Southland. His ad
dress in this issue of the Veteran
attests that. Those who have known
him from his youth up are confident
of his absolute loyalty to the South,
but others are suspicious. The
Stonewall Jackson Camp at Staun
ton, Va., composed of some of the
ablest men in the Old Dominion,
adopted resolutions in protest against
what he said at the dedication of the
Gettysburg monument. At a meet
ing of the Camp in September they
gave their reason.
Action of the Stonewall Camp.
The attention of this Camp has
several times been called to certain
utterances of the Secretary of War,
• Ton. Jacob M. Dickinson, in a recent
dedicatory address at Gettysburg,
the language being: “Time has
Every pressure is being brought to bear to
stop the prosecution of the big rascals by al
lowing the big rascals to return the stolen
goods.
Whether or not this will be done remains
to be seen.
If the criminal were an insignificant indi
vidual, the answer would be easy.
It would be relentless prosecution, convic
tion and a sentence to imprisonment.
* * * *
Collector Loeb, under whose administration
the frauds perpetrated by the Sugar Trust
were unearthed, seems to have aroused the ire
of some of the big trust officials.
According to the Washington Post, they
must put Loeb down, else yawning prison
doors close behind them.
After being made to disgorge heavily, they
feel the coils still further tightening.
They propose to bring charges against the
Collector and will exact a pressure greater
than ever before brought to bear at the White
House.
It looks very much like a case of where an
honest officer of the Government stands alone
against a set of grafters, who are likely to get
his scalp.
Mr. Taft’s record on kicking out of office
men who are undesirable to certain interests
does not give much hope for Mr. Loeb’s hold
ing his office long after the moneyed rascals
demand his scalp.
sjc 1
An effort is on foot to change the date of
Inauguration Day.
Backed up by some of the Governors, and
a batch of photographs, also statistics show
ing the death-toll from pneumonia contracted
by visitors and the soldiery during the cere
monies, a petition will be presented to Con
gress asking for a change of the date.
As a matter of fact, March 4th is usually
one of the severest days of the Winter in
Washington, and to those who have to attend
ceremonies it is often a risk of life.
But as to the effects on the soldiery, what
has that to do with the inauguration of a
President ?
brought a clearer vision of the tre
mendous evils to all the States
which would certainly and immedi
ately have followed upon the estab
lishment of the Southern Confeder
acy. * * * There are in the
South but few if any who would not
turn swiftly with sentiments of ab
horrence from any suggestion that it
would have been better for the South
if it had succeeded in establishing an
independent government.”
The Camp expresses itself on the
subject by the following resolutions:
“Resolved: 1. That, lest the
speaker as a Southern-born man
might be supposed to speak for that
class and for the Confederate soldier,
we would say for the three hundred
members of this Camp that the mel
lowing influence of time has not yet
so cleared our vision as to alter our
views in the least as to the propriety
of what we did in the sixties. And
under the like circumstances we
would take the same pride in doing
it again. We simply fail to see how
any true Confederate soldier of that
time could entertain doubts about
the justice and right in the sight of
God of the cause for which we
Gbe
fought. We took up arms in Vir
ginia with an intelligent understand
ing of our reasons and our purposes,
and the vindication of our motives
may be left to the verdict of history.
The clearer our vision in the retro
spect, the more distinctly we see that
the war forced upon us was one of
naked aggression, invasion, and con
quest, and waged less for. patriotic
than commercial considerations. We
would have our children taught the
truth of the case as it stood in 18G1,
not that they may be less loyal to
the Union, but that they may prop
erly respect us for what we did then
and are doing now, and may realize
that it is those who are loyal to the
memories of the past who prove
truest to the responsibilities of the
present. We abide the issue of arms,
but would neither apologize for our
course nor recant our faith, so doing
dishonor to heroic leaders and brave
comrades who died for it. We think,
therefore, that the speaker took too
much upon himself in assuming to
voice the sentiment of the South.
“2. That, however good a govern
ment established or maintained by
force may be, it must fall far short
of a government of the people, by
the people, and for the people such
as our ancestors fought for and won
in 1776-83 and we fought for so ear
nestly but unsuccessfully in 1861-65.
“3. That we repudiate out and
out the proposition that our attempt
to establish an independent govern
ment was a folly from the outset or
that we were incapable of maintain
ing it with dignity and honoi* and
What are soldiers needed for on such an oc
casion, anyway? Why so much pomp and
glory at what should be a plain and simple
ceremony? Why spend so many thousands
of dollars of the taxpayers’ money simply to
ape some foreign country?
* ❖ ❖ ❖
The Farmers’ National Congress recently
held at Raleigh. North Carolina, adopted the
following resolutions:
“Reduction in the mileage allowance of mem
bers of Congress from 10 cents to 5 cents a mile;
legislation to establish four national roads from
the Atlantic to the Pacific; strengthening of the
‘oleo’ law; a law prohibiting railroads from charg
ing a full trip mileage rate in excess of the rates of
the States through which the trip extends; enact
ment of a postal bank law; increasing the franking
privilege to State agricultural schools and colleges
for the extension of publication work; a law mod
ernizing the parcels post system; appropriation of
money for denatured alcohol distilleries; selected
agricultural experiment stations; Government aid
to public roads; national pure seed law; for the
Government to demand a reasonable rate of inter
est on its national bank deposits; an accounting
for all public funds expended in bounties, subven
tions, or subsidies; care of Guilford battleground
by the Government; electing Secretary of Agri
culture Wilson a life member because of his serv
ices to agriculture; for a committee of the Farm
ers’ Congress to investigate the matter of equality
of taxation; against the ship-subsidy bill; favor
ing temperance; against the Fertilizer Trust; for
a storage system of cotton, so as to maintain prices
on a profitable basis; for the co-operation of the
Federal and State Governments in the reclama
tion of swamp lands; opposing standing armies
and in favor of arbitration.”
The first of these will no doubt make many
a Congressman scratch his head and think
hard.
If these delegates should ask their Con
gressmen how they stand on this question
when they reach home, some of the Con
gressmen woidd feel very embarrassed.
But of more importance to the people is the
Postal Bank law; the adoption of a parcels
post system; for the Government to demand
a reasonable rate of interest on its national
bank deposit ; the resolution against the Fer
tilizer Trust; the one against ship-subsidy;
and the one opposing standing armies.
making it a success and power among
the nations. Had the close of the
war separated our fortunes for a
time from those of the Northern
States, we should probably be no less
happy and no less prosperous. And
as for the humbler race, the supposed
cause of the strife, gradual and
friendly emancipation would surely
have rewarded their fidelity while it
lasted and set us right with the
world. Looking to the conditions
which actually followed it, our civ
ilization ruthlessly subverted, society
disorganized, Legislatures dispersed,
judges deposed by the military and
the law of the bayonet substituted,
and vice and ignorance and malice
turned loose to rule until despair
shadowed every hearthstone in the
Southern land —if her people have
risen from the ashes of their desola
tion and carved out for themselves a
new destiny, it is due, we think, to
the unconquerable spirit of Southern
ex-Confederates, to their determined
resistance to wrong and oppression
in every form, and to their masterful
struggle to rebuild their homes and
fortunes rather than to any benefi
cence of the Federal Government
that we owe the better conditions
enjoyed today. In our judgment the
recognized facts of industrial and
commercial development and prog
ress and that capacity for affairs
which has surmounted every difficul
ty thus far confronting them carry
their own demonstration that the
Southern people would have held their
own as well as in the fields of states
manship and government and given
PAGE THIRTEEN