ments brought and they were soon on their
way to Queen’s Row, riding in the finest
carriage Billy had ever been in.
“Now, my son,” said Mr. Esmond, “how
did if all happen?”
Billy related as well as he could how the
baby boy had been watching the toy boats and
had fallen over the high bank.
“But,” said he, “I can swim a little and
I pulled him out. I don’t have no idee how
come he way down in our part of town.”
“You are a fine lad, my son, and you shall
lose* nothing by this day’s work,”- said Mr.
Esmond.
When they reached the cottage Frankie
was awake, sitting on Mrs. Hudson’s knee,
talking and asking for his mamma. Such a
meeting as there was! Not a dry eye was in
the room, when they saw that poor little sick
woman kneel down to thank God for saving
her child.
Mr. Esmond and his wife remained for
some time at the poor cottage and heard the
full account of the little boy’s bravery. As
they left they requested Mrs. Hudson to send
Billy to their house as early in the morning
as he could come. But the old lady was not
forgotten either; for, as the man passed out,
he slipped a bill into Mrs. Hudson’s hand,
which proved to be SIOO.
“Now, Billy,” said his Mother, “the honey
river is coming nearer, don’t you think so?”
But Billy was too full for utterance. He
was at Mr. Esmond’s early in the morning.
The man told him he wished to engage a good
boy to take care of his yard, cut the grass,
and attend to his son’s pony,
“Do you think, Billy, you could do that for
me while we are away, if I pay you well?”
“ ‘Deed I can, sir: would be only too glad
of the chance, for you must know I promised
poor Dad to take' keer of the folks at home,
and I boun’ to work to be able to do it.”
Billy told his mother his legs like to got
away with him and danced for joy, he was so
proud to get that job. His straightforward
answer pleased Mr. Esmond, who requested
him to be on hand to begin work in the morn
ing.
“I think, Billy,” said his friend, “I can
provide a more~ comfortable house for your
family and get work for your mother, if she
would like it. I will call this afternoon to
talk it over with her.”
Billy thanked Mr. Esmond heartily and went
off whistling, his heart as light as a feather.
Mrs. Hudson was engaged to take charge
of the Berlin Place home, in the absence- of
the family and was given a nice cottage in
the back lawn as a permanent home.
“Now, Billy, do you understand any better
’bout the honey river?” asked Mary Jane,
“or is you scornful yit?”
Mr. Esmond took them all under his care
from that time on and they could not but
acknowledge that their “lines had fallen in
pleasant places.”
When Billy was taken into Mr. Esmond’s
thriving store as junior partner, his mother
asked him gravely if be would ever forget the
Master wffo provides for us all the
“River Rowing with, rnilk anxj honey.”
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
sdt the "Editorial "Round Table
We take pleasure in reprinting below the
able editorial which appeared in the La-
Grange Graphic on July Ist. on
COTTON.
On June 26, 1908, the Atlanta Constitution
published an article under the caption, “Will
Stop Work for Four Weeks.” This is the
plan of the Georgia Industrial Association to
depress the price of cotton.
Listen at what they say:
Whereas, it is the sense of this Association
representing 2,000,000 spindles that it is im
possible to purchase cotton at prevailing pri
ces and manufacture the same into any prod
uct which can be sold for a price that will
not involve loss, and the information furnish
ed this meeting by its members from all parts
of Georgia and as to the cotton belt, satisfies
us that only providential interference can pre
vent a bumper crop.
So they resolve to stop four weeks of the
time between now and Sept. Ist., curtailing
the consumption of cotton as much as pos
sible, thus depressing the price, and when
Sept. Ist., comes and the bumper crop begins
to roll in, not only the Georgia Industrial
Association but the entire cotton mill world
especially, and many other interests generally,
will do everything possible to force the price
of cotton to the very lowest notch.
Is there any interest manifested on the part
of these people to see that the farmer gets a
profit on his product, cotton? Not the least,
and this is natural, we only wish to show the
farmer what is in the road ahead of him.
Suppose the farmers were to meet and pass
resolutions like this:
Whereas, it is the sense of this meeting
that to purchase supplies at prevailing prices
it is impossible to produce cotton and sell it
for less than the present price. It is there
fore resolved that all producers of cotton
curtail the average 33 per cent in order that
no bumper crop be made, to prevent injury
and disaster.
What would the Georgia Industrial Asso
ciation do then, provided the farmers were in
earnest? As the Association’s resolution is
supposed to be in earnest, they would say,
“Go ahead, Mr. Farmer, we won’t grumble
about 12 cent cotton any more.”
We don’t expect for New England to say
it. We don’t expect for old England nor
Europe to say it, but it is reasonable to
expect every man who breathes southern air
to say that the crop of 1908 should bring,
every pound of it, 12 cents.
What do the mills expect to pay for it in
cluding this Georgia Association in view of
the bumper crop to*say 8 cents would not
miss it far?
What will this difference mean to the state
of Georgia? Not less than $40,000,000.
What are the 2,000,000 spindles worth?
About $30,000,000. Some mills may fail to
make as big dividends as usual, but no man
belifeves they are losing money by running.
We know they would stop entirely if that
were true.
Now we want to emphasize the fact and
throw it in the face of these manufacturers
that their plans and wishes will cancel $40,-
000,000 of wealth that justly should be the
farmer’s to save himself a dividend just dur
ing these panicky times.
Moral —If the Southern farmers will strive
to become independent they will own more
wealth in a few years than all the cotton
mills in the - world are worth.
We are not against cotton mills but we are
against their efforts to cut the farmer out of
a healthy profit on his product.—La Grange
Graphic, July 1.
Editorial Note*
The man who can subtract one from two
can’t fail to get the idea. Tn other words,
$40,000,000 of a justly earned and equally
distributed wealth is to be canceled in order
that the manufacturer of cotton goods may
wring* yet larger profits from his mills.
The cotton-mill man has the art of sim
plification down fine. Buy cheap, run cheap,
sell dear. There’s the story in a nut-shell.
If by intelligent planting and skilful cultiva
tion the farmer—always at the mercy of the
elements, anyhow—has a chance to make a
decent profit on his time and labor, there
must always be found away to set his efforts
at naught.
The three or four cents reduction in the
price of raw material means a bigger slice
to each stockholder when the dividend water
melon is cut. That is all. He cannot eat any
more, for he already exhausts the market for
dainties. He cannot wear any more, for he
and his family have long been clothed in
purple and fine linen. He derives no added
pleasure, partakes of no comfort not already
his, but he gloats over a bank account
swollen a bit the more.
What the reduction in the price means to
the farmer, we dimly realize. We know it
means heart-ache. We know it means that
the father must try to tell the boys and girls
what their mother has not the courage to
falter through her sobs, that school is not
possible for them. They must bury their
aspirations and become “hewers of -wood and
drawers of water.” Negro children, nurtured
by mistaken Northern philanthropy, may avail
themselves of “higher education.” Our
farmers’ sons and daughters perhaps can
scarcely read or write.
We know it means unlisted mortgages. We
know it means a bending of the back to
harder burdens. The courage of other days is
gone; the hope of ever “getting ahead” is
over and life on the old farm settles down
to unleavened drudgery.
Os course, the mills may curtail the con
sumption of cotton. They may run their
business as they please in this regard. But
oh, for a Government courageous enough to
be mindful of the rights of all ite people in
stead of pampering gang of industrial ring
stei» —this cowardly cotton-mill crew*’
PAGE SEVEN