sure do enjoy reading the Post-Card
Club and the S. S. B. I think Mr.
Watson is a great man. I never
heard much of him until papa began
taking The Jeffersonian. The an
swer to Frank Muffet’s riddle is:
“I”. I hope I will receive his post-* ,
card. We are beginning to practice
for the commencement at the end of
school. Well, I will close by asking
a riddle: What is blacker than a
crow? What is the wages of sin?—
Sibyl Salley, Salley, S. C.
ANOTHER GEORGIA CRACKER.
Hello, Cousins: —Here comes an
other Georgia Cracker to join your
happy band. Papa takes The Jeffer
sonian and we all like it very much.
We think Mr. Watson is a good man.
Well, Cousins, what have you all been
doing these beautiful days? I have
been planting a few flowers. How
many of you like to go to Sunday
school? 1 go nearly every Sunday.
I go to school at Oakland, but our
school is out now. I was in the fifth
grade. I will describe myself: I
have black hair, blue eyes, fair com
plexion, and weigh about one hun
dred and twenty-six pounds. I will
ring off for this time. If I see this
in print I will come again.—Your
new cousin, Robbie Sawyers, Con
yers, Ga., R. F. D. 5.
FOR THE FIRST TIME.
Dear Daddy Jim:—Will you leave
a place in your Club for a little Geor
gia girl ten years old? I have dark
hair, light complexion, and dark
eyes. lam going to school, and am
in the fifth grade. Papa takes The
Jeffersonian, and I sure do enjoy
reading it. Have just finished read
ing in the Post-Card Club. We live
on the farm, and don’t think I would
like to live in the city. I will answer
Eva and Willie Sullivan’s riddle: It
is a man sitting on a stool with a
hog’s leg in his lap. A dog comes in
and takes the hog’s leg out of his
lap. The man jumps up and throws
the stool at the dog and makes the
dog bring the leg back. I will ask a
riddle: Why is a soldier and some
young ladies most alike? As this is
1 Built of “A-GRADE” Material q z\ aaa People Have Put Their Aiz
Guaranteed s Years. iV,UUU on Go lden Eagle Vehicles V. IX.
WE WANT YOUR O. K.
XZj— Let us mail you a copy of our Big Free Catalog,
[ which tells you all about Golden Eagle Vehicles and
Ar our Pl ,an °f sell ing direct to you at a great cash sav-
I lillwlll XT\ ing ’ We S uarantee to sell y° u $20.00 to $40.00
L/C- A\l A cheaper than the average retail dealer.
THIS FREE CATALOG tells how to order, how
z ' j to care for your vehicle and tells how and why we
• I V/ Vs can save you more mon ey than any other manu-
X. / facturer.
\ /) WE MANUFACTURE VEHICLES— SeII them di-
rect to you at factory prices—guarantee them to
give satisfaction —guarantee them to reach you
13® Style* in bi® Free Cataioi safely—save you $20,000 to $40.00 on a single pur-
OUR CATALOG HAS BEEN chase — refund your money if goods are not as rep-
CALLED “THE GREAT CASH resented —have no salesmen—no agents—no mid-
SAVER.” WRITE FOR IT TO- dlemen —just one big catalog that costs 8c to mail
DAY. AND WE PAY THE TO STAGE.
Maxton, N. C., Sept. 24, 1907. Hillsboro, Ga., July 15, 1907.
/ Golden Eagle Buggy Co., Atlanta, Ga. Golden Eagle Buggy Co., Atlanta, Ga.
f Gentlemen: —Buggy and harness shipped Gentlemen: —The buggy I purchased of you
Lime on the 10th came promptly; was so much eighteen months ago, and also the harness,
I had to let a personal friend, who have given entire satisfaction. I know I
( ■■-t' as on the point of buying, have it. saved from $25.00 to $40.00, and the buggy I
i> . Enclosed herewith find description sent me purchased for Mr. Hataway has given him
f -and you will oblige me by fixing up another entire satisfaction, and also the one for Mr.
just like it, and inform me, and will mail you Henry Tillman. I think I will be able to sell
check at once to cover when ready for ship- more this fall, because I know that they are
ment. all right, for we have a rough country around
i-i Yours very truly, E. L. McCARMAC. here. Yours truly, S. W. TURNER.
CASH SAVING COUPON
Harness at Cost. MAIL TODAY. Vehicles at Factory Prices.
Golden Eagle Buggy Co., Atlanta, Ga.:
Mail Catalog Free and Postpaid. Ido not Promise to Buy, but Am Interested.
Name
I
P. O State
bounty R. F. D
GOLDEN EAGLE BUGGY CO., ATLANTA, GA.
Factory Cor. Piedmont Ave. and Decatur St. Salesrooms 156-166 Edgewood Ave.
I “THE SOUTH’S GREATEST MAIL ORDER VEHICLE FACTORY.”
my first time, guess I had better
close. With lots of love for Daddy
Jim, Lena Mae Barron, Warthen,
Ga., R. F D. 2.
TELL US THE STORY.
Dear Daddy Jim:—Will you make
room in your happy band for a Geor
gia girl? I am twelve years old. I
go to school, and like it very much.
The most of the boys and girls give
a riddle, so I will give some: Why
is a kiss over the telephone like a
straw hat? Crooked as a rainbow,
teeth like a cat, I’ll bet you a half
dollar you can’t guess that. Have
you ever heard the story about the
bed? I will close, with best wishes
to The Jeffersonian and its many
readers, your new friend, Bessie Hin
ton, Stockbridge, Ga., Route 2.
AN UNGRAMMATICAL RIDDLE.
Dear Daddy Jim: — s Will you admit
a Georgia school girl to join your
happy band? My brother takes The
Jeffersonian and we like it fine. I
enjoy reading the children’s page
best. I live in the country on the
farm. I like the country bettei' than
I do the city. Igo to school, and my
teachers name is Mr. B. J. Callaway.
I like him very much. I go to Sun
day-school every Sunday. The an
swers to Thomas Griffin’s riddles are:
(1) Because both are so far from
the bark. (2) Is a watch. The an
swer to Irene McClellan’s is “I”. The
second is newspaper. Clara McCall,
your riddle is a road. I will close
with a riddle: The one that makes
it don’t want it, the one that buys it
don’t need it, and the one that is in
it don’t know it. If this misses the
'waste basket I will try again some
time. —A new friend, Mamie Thomp
son, Swainsboro, Ga., Route 2.
AN OLDER NAMESAKE.
Dear Daddy Jim: —Will you let a
little Wellston boy butt into your
happy band? Grandead takes the
Jeffs, and is well pleased with them.
He once thought Mr. Watson was in
the wrong pew, but now says he is
the right man in the right place. He
says he would like to help to place
HtfTersonian
Mr. Watson in the U. S. Senate.
Granddad has Mr. Watson’s name, or
rather Mr. Watson has his, as he is a
much older man than Mr. Watson.
According to Mr. Watson’s idea of
kinship we certainly must be kin, as
we have the marks, —redhead and
ugly. My dad has Mr. Watson’s ini
tials completely. I see many letters
from the little fellows from Mississip
pi and Arkansas. We have many
cousins in each of those States by the
name of Lessel. If any of them will
write me, I will be glad to hear from
them. With best wishes to Mr. Wat
son and The Jeffs, I remain your lit
tle friend, J. Terrell Watson, Well
ston, Ga.
TOM WATSON’S SISTER.
Dear Daddy Jim: —Here I come
for my first time, and if I don’t see
my letter in print, will try to do bet
ter next time. My father takes Mr.
Watson’s paper, and thinks he is a
hero. I have a brother named Tom
Watson. I like to read his paper,
and am glad he has a page for the
children. I live in the country, am
thirteen years old, and am in the
sixth grade. I have been taking
music for the last few months, but
have stopped now. Our school will
be over next week. My teacher’s
name is Mr. B. J. Calloway. My
father is a blacksmith, and I have
one sister and four brothers. My
answer for Virginia Meyer’s riddle is
the air. I have answered one, and
now I will ask one: As I went
through a wheat field, I found some
thing good to eat; it was neither
flesh nor bone, and I kept it until it
could walk alone. With best wishes
for the Post-Card Club, Ruth Kirk
land, Swainsboro, Ga., R. F. D. 2.
A TENNESSEE COUSIN.
Dear Daddy Jim:—Please make
room over in your merry corner for
a Tennessee cousin. I have been a
silent reader and admirer of your
merry page and the entire paper.
Father thinks it is the finest paper
on earth. He is always giving papers
to some one and trying to get them
to subscribe. I like to read the Mag
azine, also, and agree with Mr. Wat
son on the Mission question. lam a
Baptist, too. Well, cousins, let’s see
if we can’t write on some subject. I
will take for mine “Our Aim in Life’’.
We should have an aim to what we
are to be in life, just the same as we
would to prepare a lunch for a picnic
or anything else. If we would take
our aim and work to it, we would
accomplish much more. While we
are young school boys and girls is the
time to choose what we aim to be in
life. But the best and first of all is
to become Christians. There’s no
better thing on earth than to be a
child of God, to have your name
written in “The Lamb’s Book of
Life”. Some of the cousins asked
Bible questions, and I would answer
some of them, but haven’t time as it
is bedtime. I must bid you all adieu.
Hurry up, Maggie, and write a letter
to the paper. I know you can write
a nice one. Best wishes to all.—
Your new cousin, Julia Hardin, Co
rinth, Miss.
WHY NOT EARN A KNIFE?
Hon Thos. E. Watson, Thomson,
Ga. —Dear Sir: —Enclosed find M. O.
for five three months’ subs. You may
send me the Watson knife. If all the
Post-Card boys w r ould hustle a little,
they could earn a knife in a short
time. —Yours with success, Frank
Stubb, Willston, Ga.
DOESN’T LIKE RIDDLES.
Dear Daddy Jim: —Here I come
again, and as none of the Club ac
cepted my invitation to come to see
me and help me eat oranges, I will
write you again. Not even Daddy
Jim came. The oranges are nearly
all gone now, but there will be plenty
again, about the first of October.
Then I guess Daddy Jim will come. I
sure wish he was here on the seventh
of this month at our Farmers’ Union
picnic. There will be a public speak
ing, but I know Daddy Jim could beat
any of them. I went to a children’s
day yesterday, and had a very fine
time. I will answer Clara McCall’s
riddle: It is a road. I don’t like rid
dles much. What I want is Daddy
Jim’s picture on a post-card, so I can
have it enlarged and hang it in the
parlor, so that papa can see the man
at any time that he admires so much,
for papa says that Mr. T. E. Watson
is the greatest man living. Well, I
will close, hoping Mr. Watson and
The Jeffersonian good success.—Bes
sie B. Roberts, Lily, Fla.
RIDDLES IN RHYME.
Dear Daddy Jim:—Here I come,
another little Georgia girl, to join
your happy band. I go to school
every day I can. My teacher’s name
is Miss Jessie Black. I like her very
much. Our school will close April
22. We had an Easter hunt on Fri
day before Easter Sunday. I live on
a farm of one hundred and fifty
acres. We raise corn, cotton, rice
and potatoes. We raise chickens and
turkeys also. I will answer Bascom
House’s riddles: The first is a shoe,
and the second is a bee. I will now
close by asking some riddles:
(ll-
Red and yellow and delicate green,
Nothing can touch it, not even a
Queen.
The posts of the room could touch it
as soon;
Come and tell me this riddle tomor
row at noon.
bl
under gravel I did travel,
On whiteoak tops I did stand,
Rode the colt that was never foaled,
And held the mother in my hand.
(3)
As round as a riddle,
And as brown as a fiddle.
The first one that answers my riddles
I will send him a pretty post-card. I
will close with best wishes to The
Jeffersonian and the many writers. —■
Your little friend, Belle Thompson,
Swainsboro, Ga., R. F. D. 1, Box 9.
(Continued on Page 16)
MR. EUGENE ANDERSON
President Georgia-Alabama Business
College, Macon, Ga.
Mr. Anderson has made his College
the most famous in America by rea
son of his enetrprising methods for
advancing the interests of his stu
dents and patrons, and for enabling
his students to do office work for
pay while taking their course with
him. His efforts are said to have
resulted in making the Georgia-Ala
bama the most perfect training school
in the world today, and it is attract
ing the attention of educators every
where. Mr. Anderson has also
sprung a sensation by working out a
plan for letting people get their edu
cation and then pay for it afterwards.
HOn-KUTE" PHOTOS:
(Q U ied from any photo for 28 cts. a dozed.
Original returned. Samples 2 cents.
E. A. House. Box 25, Gadsden, Ala,
Quality NOT Quanti
ty will always win
the P rize ‘ “Happy
I Voices” No. 4 con-
? -.W tains all that Is
needed for a Sunday-
II 1 I school Song Book,
and sells at 15c or
$1.50 per dozen, pre
paid. Return them
aAMWaRMr and get your money,
if you don’t like
them.
J. L. MOORE, Bethlehem, Ga.
PAGE THIRTEEN