DEFINITION of
SOCIALISM
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My Dear Mr. Watson:—Your kind
letter of May 24th to hand and noted.
You are doing a great work in
helping to arouse the people of this
country to their impending danger,
and it is a pity for all humanity that
there are not more of your kind.
You say, “It seems to you that the
Socialists fail to agree as to what
Socialism is, and they cannot be
greatly surprised if other people
should misunderstand it also.” So
cialists may differ as to details, but
I think they are all agreed as to the
fundamentals of Socialism.
I thank you for being permitted to
state in—l trust not too lengthy an
article—the brilliant, timely, up-to
date weekly, The Jeffersonian, what
I understand Socialism to be.
Socialism.— Socialism is a theory
of a system of human society based
on the common ownership of the
means of production and the carry
ing on of the work of production by
all for the benefit of all.
In other words, Socialism means
that the land, the railways, the ship
ping, the mines, the factories, and
all such things as are necessary for
the production of the necessaries and
comforts of life should be public
property, just as our public roads,
our public parks, and our public li
braries are public property today, so
that all these things should be used
by the people to produce the goods
that the whole of the people re
quires.
Socialists say that this is no Uto
pian dream, but the necessary nat
ural outcome of the development of
society.
It used to be supposed that any
thing like the collective carrying on
of any enterprise was impossible be
cause it was thought that the per
sonal supervision and control of the
owner was absolutely necessary to
the success of any such enterprise.
But we see today that the greatest
undertakings are those which are
owned by joint stock companies, in
which the personal supervision of the
proprietors is quite impossible, and
in which the whole business is man
aged and carried on by paid officials,
who might just as well be paid by
the community to carry on the en
terprise in the interest of the gen
eral body of the people as be paid
by a few wealthy men to carry it on
for their profit.
Today goods are not produced to
satisfy human needs; they are sim
ply produced to provide profit for
the class which own the means of
production.
It is only for the sake of this profit
that the property owning class owns
these means of production.
As a consequence we have shoddy
and adulterated goods produced. Al
so, as this profit is simply the differ
ence between the value of the work
which the working people do and the
amount they receive in wages, the
actual producers never receive the
equivalent of what they produce,
and therefore are never able to buy
it back again.
It happens, therefore, that as the
machinery of production increases,
and workmen are able to turn out
more goods, they are thrown out of
work, and they, with their wives and
children, are in want and misery, not
because there is any scarcity of the
things they need, but because there
is more of them than those who have
produced them can buy.
Under the present system, there
fore, the very increase of wealth is
too often a curse to the wealth pro
ducers, simply because those who
produce have no ownership in the
means of production, and no control
over the things produced.
Under Socialism, as the means of
production would belong to the
whole people, the whole people
would have control of the things pro
duced.
Every increase of wealth, then,
would benefit the whole community.
Under the present system increas
ed wealth means increased luxury
for the few, and increased penury
and suffering for the many.
In a Socialist community increased
production would mean more leisure,
more opportunities for everybody.
By the discoveries of science, the
inventions of genius, and their appli
cation to industry, man has acquired
such power over nature that he can
now produce wealth of all kinds as
plentifully as water.
There is no sound reason why pov
erty and want should exist anywhere
on this earth.
All that is needed is to establish a
more equitable method of distribu
ting the wealth already produced in
such profusion. That is what Social
ism proposes to do.
The work of production is organ
ized, socialized; it is necessary to
socialize distribution as well.
What is to be done to supplant the
present system by Socialism, to sub
stitute fraternal co-operation for the
cut-throat competition of today?
The first thing necessary is to or
ganize the workers into a class-con
scious party; that is, a party recog
nizing that as a class the workers are
enslaved through the possession of
the means of production by another
class; recognizing, too, that between
these two classes there is an antag
onism of interest, a perpetual strug
gle, a constant class war, which must
go on until the workers become pos
sessed of political power and, to use
that power to become masters of the
whole material means of production.
When that has been achieved, the
war of classes will be at an end, be
cause the division of mankind into
classes will have disappeared, the
emancipation of the working class
will have been accomplished, and So
cialism will be here.
Slaves, Bond and Otherwise.
See if you can get this straight in
your mind? If I should build a busi
ness house in your town, costing a
million, I will get something like a
hundred thousand a year rent for it.
The people in your town will col
lect and pay over to me this much
"3affwsonlan
One Hundred Dollars
TO the man, woman or child who sends us the largest
number of subscriptions to Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine between now and January 1, 1910, we will
award prizes as follows:
First Prize - Fifty Dollars
Second Prize - - Twenty-five Dollars
Third Prize - - - - Ten Dollars
Fourth Prize - - - Five Dollars
Fifth Prize - Five Dollars
Sixth Prize - Five Dollars
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all
subscriptions sent in for this prize competition. For
blanks, samples, etc., apply to
WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE
THOMSON, GEORGIA.
Make Money Work
If you have a little money saved up which
you would like to invest so that it will be
absolutely safe, and at the same time will
be increasing at a profitable rate, write to
us for particulars of our Jeffersonian Bonds.
They are secured by a perfect guarantee,
and they earn seven per cent, interest. The
bonds are in small denominations, and are
intended for small investors. The interest
is payable annually, and is secured as abso
lutely as the principal. Write today.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
KMFE FREE
F*Tioto of Tiros. E. Watson
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly sub
scription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine we will mail a handsome, two-bladed knife,
with a transparent handle containing the latest photograph of the
Hon. Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of the very
finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of German silver, the lin
ings of plate brass, all beautifully finished. The photograph of Mr.
Watson is life-like; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
and leader. To get the knife you must ask for it when you send the
money—not afterwards.
THIS OFFER IS GOOD FOR THIRTY DAYS
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
BOOKS BY THOS. E. WATSON
Story of France (2 volumes)Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the SouthPrice 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson. .Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics. . .Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs.
Sketches from Roman HistoryPrice .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo (just published)Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN