PAGE TWELVE
What It Means\ to Wreck a Bank
(concluded from page one)
the hog-thief. Ignorance, illiteracy, the vi
ciousness of environment and early training
are not responsible for their moral turpitude,
as may be the case with the negro thief and
the, burglar.
No: usually, the wreckers of banks are men
of education, good family, and comfortable
circumstances. Generally, they are enterpris
ing persons who, having made some money,
wish to make more. They have an idea that
criminal statutes were intended to catch poor
devils who have no property and no rich
friends.
So, they conspire among themselves, agree
to put the funds into some alluring specula
tion —trusting to luck to cash in and pocket
their gains, without being caught making the
plunge. In many instances, a smooth-talk
ing, “poker-face” outsider leads the bank of
ficers to the top of the mountain, points to
“Big Profits”, (in a get-rich-quick specula
tion,) and proposes a partnership in the ven
ture and the gains.
The officers, fascinated by the prospect of
such luscious profits, consent. The outsider
and the bank officials form a “company”; and
into the speculation they dump the trust
funds, which confiding stockholders and de
positors have placed in their custody.
They take the gambler’s risk— with other
people's money.
Now, suppose the bank had capital stock to
the amount of $100,000; and that the con
spirators put $160,000 of the deposits in a
land deal; and that, all at once, like a clap of
thunder on a sunny dav, there resounded the
cry of PANIC! PANICH
Where would that bank be? With more
than its entire capital stock unavailable, what
fix would it be in, to resist a cyclone? You
might as well expect an ocean-going steamer
to ride out a storm, after her captain had
thrown overboard a large proportion of her
coal —the storm having made every ton of it
necessary to her salvation.
Under such circumstances, no steamer could
escape: and no bank, caught as the Neal Bank
was, could possibly weather a panic.
With their eyes open, and with calculating
turpitude, the well-dressed, well-educated,
well-connected gentlemen who wrecked the
Neal Bank trampled upon as plain and posi
tive a penal law as was ever put into our
Criminal Code. Where the law provided that,
with the consent of the board of directors,
the two officers of the bank, Thornton and
Manry, might borrow $20,000 of the bank's
funds, they took and used, without the con
sent of the directors, $120,000; and they al
lowed their partner, in speculation and in
crime, to use $40,000 more!
Who was injured by this cool, deliberate
violation of law?
The stockholders lost SIOO,OOO. The nine
thousand depositors were, many of them,
made penniless, at the very beginning of one
of Atlanta’s terrible winters. Just how much
suffering was caused among the poorer vic
tims, no human being could know.
But there was other damage done by these
bank-wreckers, Thornton, Manry and C. T.
Ladson, Esquire. The young men of this and
other States have seen the criminals go un
whipped of justice. Prison pens, stockades,
jails, chaingangs and penitentiaries have
yawned and swallowed lawbreakers whose of
fenses bore no comparison to the widespread
desolation caused by the wrecking of the
Neal Bank; but nobody has seen punishment
meted out to Thornton, Manry and C. T.
Ladson, Esquire.
(While lawyers may differ as to whether
the President and Vice-President of the Neal
Bank committed the felony defined in Sec
tion 214 of the Criminal Code, nobody will
deny that they were guilty under Sections
212 and 213.)
Gba '3effersoni<n
They have money: they walk abroad in fine.
clothes; they are welcome in Society; they
are welcome at Church — and the effect upon
public morals is bad.
Young men, keen to make money and forge
ahead, will be encouraged to say:—
“We will take short-cuts, also. Legitimate
business is too slow for us. Let others plod,
we will plunge. We will bet on horse races,
buy cotton futures, take a flyer in wheat or in
Steel Common. We handle other people’s
money, and we can use some of it in specula
tion or betting, and replace it, witliout any
body's knowing of it. Even if we do get
caught, we can get out of the scrape, some
how—as Thornton, Manry and Ladson did.
Cotton is almost sure to go up: we can’t lose:
we’ll try it: there’s no danger. If we win,
our pile is made: if we lose, we won’t go to
any jail. Our family connections can't afford
to let us be disgraced by a term in the peni
tentiary!'
That train of thought is put into the head
of many a young man, by the immunity
granted to lawbreakers, whose “pull” prevents
prosecution and punishment.
If Harriman had been punished for his
crimes; if H. O. Havemeyer, John D. Rocke
feller, and a few other Big Criminals had
been brought to justice, there never would
have been the carnival of crime, among
“malefactors of great wealth”, which Presi
dent Roosevelt denounced, but was powerless
to check.
This immunity from the penalties of the
law. enjoyed by so many influential law
breakers, has a fearfully demoralizing effect
upon young men—just as tolerated municipal
corruption in one city, infects other cities.
Does the fruit-dealer leave any rotten ap
ples in the barrel? Doesn’t he carefully take
each apple out from among the others, as
soon as he sees a decaying spot? One rotten
pippin would soon give the dealer a barrel of
rotten apples, wouldn’t it?
_ Ah, you Grand Juries, you prosecuting of
ficers, you officials, who are sworn to let no
guilty man escape! You have not removed
the unsound from contact with the sound, the
pure from the impure, the law-abiding from
the touch of the lawless —and the conse
quences are, that, in our great national barrel,
the rottenness is spreading with awful ra
pidity.
Brother Len and Weary Willie
(concluded from page nine)
peramental defects, just as I have; but my
opinion has always been that, at heart, he is
a good man, devoted to good works. Now,
Brother Len, you take this in good part; and,
some time, run down to this indescribable
town, put up in my big old wooden barn
(which Dr. Lovett says is a “palace”) and
preach, in our new, resplendent synagogue,
one of your hell-tearing sermons.
******
Now, in disposal of Willie Upshaw:
He has written me a great, long screed, in
which he sandwiches his Coca-Cola editorial,
and a part of mine, on “Dr. Broughton Butts
In”. He requests me to slap the whole dog
gone thing in The Jeffersonian.
Can’t do it, Willie—just can’t. If I were
to tank-up our paper with such back-number
junk as that, The Jeffersonian would soon
become as dull as The Golden Age— possibly.
But I will briefly state your side, in order
that equity may be done.
Men and Brethren! Willie Upshaw al
leges that he did not accept the Coca-Cola
ad., until Mr. Asa G. Candler had pointed to
his seventeen-story marble building, and de
clared he would give it to Willie, if Willie
could “find a particle of cocaine or anything
else hurtful in the tipple”.
(Query: NV ill Mr. Asa G. Candler put that
proposition in writing, and substitute Dr.
John L. Durham's name for that of W. D.
Vpshaw? I JUST DARE HIM TO DO
IT.)
Willie further says, that the advertisement
did not “suddenly disappear”, but ran eight
times, as per contract. He further alleges
that he has accepted another advertisement of
Coca-Cola.
(So, you will again see the open-Bible ad.
of Dr. Broughton’s religious books, alongside
the ad. of the Asa Candler hell-brew.)
Willie further says, that he had not seen
the Collier's outrage on the white womanhood
of the land, at the time he wrote Collier's the
testimonial which I criticised.
(This lets him out, of course. Had he writ
ten me to this effect, months ago, he would not
have had to carry a festering wound so long.)
With some asperity, Willie denies that The
Golden Age is a sectarian paper. Well, Ido
DECLARE!
Why, on its gorgeous frontlet, "is the dec
laration of the purposes of The Golden Age,
and among these I find, “Piety in the Home.”
Then a sermon, by a Baptist clergyman, is a
regular part of the contents of the paper.
Then I find, at the top of the Editorial page,
the announcement that The Golden Age is
“Successor to Religious Forum". Then on the
staff, I find a Baptist preacher, acting as “Pul
pit Editor”. Then I discover that a “Sun
day-school Lesson” is printed, as a regular
feature. Consequently, I got the idea that
The Golden Age was a religious paper. But
Willie says it ain’t. Not knowing of any re
ligious papers that are not sectarian, and hon
estly thinking that The Golden Age was re
ligious, I jumped at the conclusion that it was
sectarian.
But, as Brother Len would say, I “went off
half-cocked”; and now I must admit that The
Golden Age is not so religious as-1 honestly
took it to be. We all make mistakes, you know.
Willie states that Dr. Broughton has no
connection whatever with The Golden Age,
save that he supplies it with a copy of his
regular sermon.
(In that case, the term “Pulpit Editor” is
erroneously used, is bound to mislead, and
should be discontinued. The word “editor”
necessarily implies “editing”; and to hand in
a weekly copy of a sermon is not “editing"—
as every member of the profession knows it.)
Thus, I have gone over the different sub
jects of Willie’s letter, using the language of
moderation, and giving him the full benefit of
his “points”.
Will It Be Senator Vardaman ?
I most earnestly hope so. Vardaman is one
of the public men of the South who is thor
oughly manly, absolutely honest, and really
capable.
He came within an ace of beating, on a di
rect appeal to the people, the Hon. John
Sharp Williams, in the Senatorial race of
1907. Even then, it took the whisky men and
the timber-grabbers to defeat him.
Vardaman is a people’s man, a strong man,
an aggressively Southern white man's man;
and his career in the United States Senate
would redound to the credit of Mississippi
and to the benefit of the great middle classes.
You wouldn’t find him obeying the orders of
the marauding corporations.
They know it, AND THAT'S WHY
THEY ARE FIGHTING HIM SO HARD.
From a Negro Preacher
The Editor “The Jeffersonian.”
Sir:—There is no doubt about your intelligence and
education along many, many lines; you even show
that you have a great knowledge of Christian princi
ples. How can you reconcile your intelligence and
education with an entire denouncing of the man of
African origin because African? Or, how can you
reconcile your love of Christianity with your apparent
delight in the use of the shot-gun upon members of
the human family, and yet you would say to the Rev.
E. R. Kurenganga “Thou shalt not kill even rabbits?”
To be perfectly fair with you I am to state that I