PAGE EIGHT
the JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Temple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Enttrtd at Piittficr, Atlanta, Ga., January It, IQD7, at iccinii
clan mail matttr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday January 9, 1908
<T RA Os' t
7he Demagogue and the Panic.
All the world knows that the panic was
caused by the demagogue.
The Coca-Cola man, Asa Candler, has
this to say about that reprehensible and
undesirable person:
“The demagogue whose radical meas
ures threaten the stability of the commer
cial system and create more evils than
they cure, is a political parasite sprung
from the feculent accumulations of pop
ular ignorance and fattened upon the pur
ulent secretions of popular prejudice. He
perishes when the sunlike rays of popular
enlightenment fall on him. Let us do
what we can to cleanse the areas that
breed him and cut off the sources of his
nourishment.”
Asa has recently been appointed Receiv
er of the Neal bank wherein 9,000 deposit
ors, including the Jeffersonian, put some
money which they will probably never
see again. Evidently, the demagogues
wrecked this bank, as well as the Sea
board Air-Line Railway.
Clark Howell was so delighted with the
Coca-Cola denunciation of the demagogue
that he printed Asa’s blistering denun
ciation on the editorial page, using brave,
big letters which made the welkin ring.
Then Clark himself yielded to his most
virtuous mood, and wrote editorials on
SANITY, CONSERVATION, JUSTICE
and other good things, sadly pointing to
the Seaboard Railroad as a mournful ex
ample of what the demagogue would do
when he had not been properly brought
up on Coca-Cola.
Between Asa, and Clark, and Joe
Brown and J. T. Merton, we are having a
doleful time indeed, “figuring the cost of
reform in Georgia.”
What nonsense, all this sort of talk is!
Did the demagogue rob the big Life
Insurance Companies?
Did the demagogue loot the Chicago
and Alton Railroad?
Did the demagogue use the Pacific Rail
road securities to buy up other roads,
whose securities in turn were used to buy
up others, until a bewildering number of
millions of available cash were sucked up
in the Harriman sponge?
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Did the demagogue loot the traction
system of New York and throw it into
the hands of Receivers, or was it Tom
Ryan—the same man who has gutted the
Seaboard Air Line Railroad?
Why not tell the people the truth?
Every man who understands the situa
tion knows what is the matter with the
Country, and he knows that our troubles
originate with laws which favor a few
at the expense of the many, and with the
criminal methods of High Finance.
The Railroads, vested with the tremen
dous power to tax shipper and traveler,
are plundering the public to get dividends
on eight billion dollars of fictitious capi
talization.
The Manufacturers, protected by law
from foreign competition, have got the
American public in a gigantic trap, and
are fleecing us of more than two billion
dollars every year, over and above eight
per cent clear profit on their investment.
The national bankers have seized upon
the sovereign prerogative of creating
money, and are using that vast advantage
for their own private gains—tyrannizing
over the country by concentrating the
currency in a few big cities and keeping
it out of circulation.
The limbs of the human body, denied
the blood which should flow into the
veins, suffer and perish; so the “prov
inces” are suffering and perishing because
the national bankers of the big cities have
been allowed to congest the currency.
They not only hoard the money which
belongs to the banks, and to the people
who patronize the banks, but all of the
money which the Government taxes out
of the people is turned over to these op
pressors. THE GOVERNMENT CAN
HARDLY GET ENOUGH OF ITS
OWN MONEY OUT OF THE
CLUTCHES OF THESE MARAUD
ERS TO KEEP THE MACHINE GO
ING!
Yet the Coca-Cola man declares that
the demagogue is ruining the country.
The most amazing thing about the pres
ent situation is that so many editors, pol
iticians, preachers, bankers, and “the most
principallist,” generally, should be so very
anxious to keep the cat from getting out
of the bag.
In the meanwhile, the Jeffersonian begs
to assure Asa and Clark and Joe Brown
and J. T. Merton that if they will just lo
cate the demagogue who made Harriman
do what he has done, and made Ryan do
what he has done, and made Rockefeller,
Rogers, Morgan, Belmont and Company
do what they have done—why, the Jef
fersonian will drop everything else, for
the purpose of helping them bring the
demagogue to the stake.
The man who made those men do what
they have done is a criminal of whom it
can be truthfully said, “Hanging is too
good for him.”
Gold Standard Panics.
How many more panics do the people
want, before they rouse themselves to
the infamy of national bank domination?
In 1873, we a panic—due to the
manipulation of gold.
In 1893, we had a panic—due to tfie
manipulation of gold.
In 1907-08, we have a panic—due to the
manipulation of gold.
How many more must we have before
we can wake up to the wickedness of
those who manipulate the gold, and the
folly of the victims who tamely submit?
In 1873, Jay Gould and Jim Fisk
brought on the panic by cornering the
actual supply of gold.
In 1893, the national bankers brought
on the panic to compel congress to close
the mints to an increase of silver money
and to make gold the money of final re
demption.
In 1907, the same bondholding class
brought on the panic to compel Congress
to pass the profligate “asset currency”
bill.
Have we got another Andrew Jackson
in the White House? If so, now is the
time to make another historic fight against
the money-power.
The situation is simply unbearable. No
other people on earth would submit to
what we now endure. No king would
dare to do what is now being done by
the money-hoarding class, through the
instrumentality of the two old parties.
Who does not remember how the ora
tors and the editors of the Gold Stand
ard bankers howled about “cheap money,”
and “rag-baby money,” and “pumpkin
vine currency” a few years ago ? It would
never, never do to let the Government is
sue paper money. The patriots wanted
“Sound Money.” The patriots wanted
“Honest Dollars.” The patriots feared
that if the Government issued its own
notes as money, “Europe will get all our
gold.” The patriots labored so faithfully
that thousands of good Democrats and
good Republicans who had never had a
surplus ten dollars in their lives passion
ately declared that they must have a cur
rency that was “good in Europe.”
Well, they’ve got it.
If this soap-wrapper stuff that is being
issued in violation of law would not be
good in Europe, pray tell us why.
Isn’t it “guaranteed” by sundry bank
ers?
Isn’t it plainly printed, on plain paper?
Isn’t it “stamped”?
Could Europe ask anything better than
the soap-wrapper dollars issued by the
banks of Hawkinsville, Georgia?
What dealer on the Bourse in Paris,
would fail to tip his hat to the Clearing
House Certificate of Brunswick, Georgia?
Have you seen one of ’em? If not buy
one, by all means, and file it away in al
cohol, so that your grand children will