Bess, an endless chain can be created, which,
with some such organization like’that of the
Standard Oil Company behind it, can indeed
become a veritable octopus, throwing its far
reaching and irresistible tentacles around
every industry of the entire Union.
So far as the State of Georgia is concerned,
her Constitution forbids one railroad com
pany, or other corporation to buy shares of
stock in any other corporation of this State,
or elsewhere. lam aware of the fact that the
Federal Courts have held to the contrary.
With a monstrous perversion of the powers of
construing Constitutional provisions, they
have destroyed the meaning of paragraph 7,
as it is found on page 469 of the Stenographic
Beport of the Proceedings of the Constitu
tional Convention. The language is:
‘‘The General Assembly of this State shall
have no power to authorize any corporation
to buy shares or stock in any other corporation
in this State, or elsewhere.”
Now that clause makes complete sense in it
self. It is clear to my mind, from the speech
es made upon the general subject, that it was
meant to stand by itself as a separate, inde
pendent clause. Further on in the paragraph,
however, is the provision that the General As
sembly of this State shall have no power to
authorize any corporation to make a contract
or agreement with any other corporation
which might have the effect of defeating or
lessening competition in their respective busi
nesses, or tvhich might encourage monopoly.
The conclusion of the paragraph is:
“And all such contracts and agreements
shall be illegal and void.”
Yet, wonderful to relate! the Federal Court,
construing this paragraph, tacked on those
last lines to the first, in order that they might
escape from the legislative intent, which was
that no railroad corporation, or any other cor
poration in this State, should be allowed to
buy shares of stock in any other corporation
in this State, or elsewhere.
We are feelingly reminded of the way in
which the life was construed out of this vital
portion of our fundamental law by the om
inous fact announced in the papers, that the
greatest railroad criminal that has ever yet
appeared in the history of this country has
laid his cruel claws upon the poor old Central
of Georgia. I allude, of course, to E. H. Har
riman, about whom we shall have something
to say from time to time.
®] IS g]
Tariff on Egyptian Cotton
We clip the following from the ably edited
Macon Telegraph :
Any Congressman who says a duty on short sta
ple cotton will have the slightest influence upon
the price of common cotton, is either a simpleton
or a hypocrite.—Watson’s Jeffersonian.
“Abstractly and essentially this statement is
true. But it is tremendously misleading. It is
aimed at Congressman Brantley.
“As a matter of fact nobody is proposing ‘a duty
on short staple cotton.’
“But a duty is proposed on Egyptian cotton,
which is a long staple, and which competes with
our Sea Island cotton grown exclusively in South
ern Georgia, Florida, and on the Carolina coast.
No one contends that this duty would affect the
price on the short staple.”
This is a frank confession that our Govern
ment cannot frame a tariff act which will en
able the grower of common cotton to advance
the price of it. 'Other factors than tariff du
ties control quotations.
This admission of the Macon Telegraph in
volves important consequences. Everybody
understands that tariff duties generally in
crease the price of the articles upon which
they are placed. Under the American sys
tem, tariff schedules are prepared for that
purpose. Primarily, the object is to protect
the producer of the articles on the dutiable
list by shutting out the foreign competition:
thus'llie American is enabled to demand a
higher price. Tariff bills should, of course,
Ol)e
be constructed for the purpose of securing
revenue for the Government, but not since the
Civil War has any tariff act been framed in
accordance with that principle.
In the McKinley bill, in the Dingley act,
and in the Payne-Aldrich schedules are thou
sands of articles whose prices will be in
creased by the tariff duties placed upon them.
The farmer has to buy hundreds of these com
modities. Practically everything that the
grower of common cotton has to purchase is
enhanced in its price by reason of the tariff.
Now if it be true, as conceded by the Macon
Telegraph, that no tariff bill can be framed
which will enable the grower of common cot
ton to get a better price for it, then the neces
sary consequence is that the tariff com
pels him to pay higher prices on nearly every
thing that he buys without compensating him
in any way by giving him a higher price for
what he sells. Therefore, to the farmer who
grows common cotton, the whole tariff system
is an unmixed and tremendous evil. Nearly
every tariff duty hurts him and not one of
them helps him.
Those Democratic Congressmen who have
voted to place tariff duties on lumber, timber,
logs and long staple cotton have simply voted
to increase the number of cormorants that are
devouring the growers of common cotton. In
stead of taking pity upon this chief victim of
tariff blood-suckers, Congressmen like Mr.
Brantley and Senator Taliaferro vote to clap
on more leeches.
There are about 318,000 acres of land in the
South devoted to the growing of long staple
cotton; there are more than 32,000,000 acres
devoted to common cotton. The Brantley-
Taliaferro proposition is to lay an additional
burden on the 32,000,000 acres for the benefit
of the 318,000 acres. There are only a few
thousand of farmers who grow the long sta
ple cotton. The proposition is to make a law
that will give these favored few a higher
price, which must in the end be paid by the
many who grow short staple cotton and by
the millions of others who purchase the va
rious articles made out of the Sea Island cot
ton.
Where is the justice of putting a burden of
that kind on the most numerous class of cot
ton growers?
Less than a hundred thousand bales of long
staple cotton of 389 pounds were pro
duced in the United States in 1908. The
Egyptian crop for the same year was 1,275,-
000 bales. Os this, 143,490 bales were import
ed into this country. To what extent did that
Egyptian cotton compete with the long staple
of the South ? A large part of it certainly did
not. A portion of the Egyptian cotton which
we import is manufactured into unbleachable
cloth generally known as Balbriggans, used
largely for hosiery and underwear. This kind
of cotton is not produced in America at all:
we grow no cotton which can be made into
unbleachable cloth.
Then, again, Egyptian long staple certainly
does not compete in the slightest degree with
what is known as Charleston long staple.
This is the South Carolina Sea Island cotton,
and 14,534 bales of it were produced last year.
As we understand it, every bit of this
Charleston cotton was sent abroad, mainly to
Switzerland, to be made into fine lace. It is
a two and a half inch staple, while the Geor
gia, Florida and Egyptian long staple is
about an inch and a half. At any rate, it is
well-known among cotton experts that the
Charleston cotton is altogether a different
class from the Egyptian long staple, and that
practically all of it seeks its market in Eu
rope, where it commands a price of fifty and
sixty cents per pound. No cotton in the
world competes with it. -
In addition to the Charleston cotton that
was exported, we sold in foreign markets
about 18,000 bales of the Georgia and Florida
staple last year,—the total of long staple ex
ports for 1908 being 32,383 bales. This would
seem to prove that even the price of our long
staple is fixed abroad.
That portion of the Egyptian cotton which
is not made into Balbriggans is manufactured
into spool thread. If we place a tax on the
raw material, the inevitable result will be that
the manufacturer and the jobber will simply
add the tax to the price of the thread, as they
pass it on to the people who buy it. The Man
ufacturing Trust and the Dry Goods Trust
will never themselves bear the burden of any
such tax. Anybody who is familiar with the,
operation of such laws is bound to admit that
the consumer of the goods is the ultimate
payer of the tax.
.« «i «
Brother Archibald of Alabama
Bev. B. M. Archibald who lives in West
End, Birmingham, Ala., is Conference Secre
tary for Missions for the M. E. Church
South. Consequently Bro. Archibald feels
that a considerable percentage of responsibil
ity for the universe rests upon his shoulders.
Particularly in the matter of foreign missions,
is he inclined to construe any criticism of pre
vailing methods as a reflection upon his own
sacred character and work.
This being the case, the exposure which the
Jeffersonian has been making of the un
scriptural, unnatural and unpatriotic system
which has been set up in heathendom has
aroused the ire of Bro. Archibald, —to the ex
tent of a full page denunciation of Mr. Wat
son in the Alabama Christian Advocate.
That is about all that our good brother
does, —just heaps abuse on Watson.
In this discussion, we have been perfectly
fair. The authorities that we have used are
books, published by such men as Bishop Bash
ford, Bev. A. 11. Smith, Bev. C. 11. Carpen
ter, Bev. J. A. Scarboro, Bev. T. P. Craw
ford, and the book called “Missionary Issues,”
published by authority of the M. E. Church
South.
Besides, we have used missionary letters
and reports as they appeared in Go Forward,
and other papers devoted to foreign missions.
Plow could any man deal with a subject
more fairly than Mr. Watson has dealt with
this? He did not go for ammunition to the
scoffing foes of missionary work. He went to
its friends. To a very great extent, he used
the testimony of consecrated missionaries who
had devoted the best years of their lives to
the foreign field. Ought Watson to be vili
fied and denounced for lifting the lid off ? Is
it a crime to tell the people the truth?
Bro. Archibald, —a meek, pious, benevolent
person, no doubt, —rushes into a denomina
tional paper—religious too, we trust,-and
does little else than belabor Watson. Accord
ing to the good Mr. Archibald, the said Wat
son is a mighty bad man. But what has that
got to do with foreign missions? If ’Watson
is as much of a sinner as Archibald intimates,
his sad case might provide a job for Home
Missions; but we cannot, for the life of us, see
what bearing Watson’s character and record
can have on Foreign Missions.
In the very first paragraph of his defense
of the indefensible, our beloved brother, Ar
chibald, calls’Watson “a broken down poli
tician. 1 hat is bad enough, but listen to
this:
It is said that Mr. Watson once ran for Presi
dent; he must have run for exercise (or for some
thing* else more profitable) for no one ever en
tertained any hope of his election.
This is a charitable insinuation that Wat
son was hired to run, for in the philosophy of
Bro. Archibald no honest man runs for Presi
dent unless there is a hope for his election.
Such a thing as leading a forlorn hope, em
phasizing a protest, standing with an unbend
ing minority because of a principle, and in
the belief that the seed sown may bear a har
vest in the future, —is a quixotism beyond the
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE