OME time ago a rather
striking paragraph, sup
posed to be witty, fell un
der my eye in the Boston
Herald. It was to the ef
fect that most of the pro
posed ‘‘ upward sched
ules” in the new Payne
tariff bill would directly
increase the price of luxuries and
comforts dear to the feminine heart,
and that Congress might expect some
vigorous protests.
I sincerely wish Congress might.
While the vision of an heiress to mil
lions assailing our august law-making
body on behalf of her jewels and
trinkets would add something to the
gaiety of nations, the example would
doubtless have a wholesome effect up
on the millions of women who heir
nothing but the necessity to econo
mize.
It seems phenomenal that so few
ever dream that women could have
any possible interest in the tariff. We
hear a good deal that sounds very
domestic indeed as to taxing “the
working man’s breakfast,” but noth
ing of the weary, thankless effort of
the wife who must plan it 365 morn
ings a year and cook the monotonous
menu until she is sick at the sight
of it.
It is monotonous, because practical
experience demonstrates those things
which are cheapest, and these must
be selected. Despite the efforts of
well meaning journals to publish va
ried bills of fare, the average house
wife of small means knows that the
attractive meals outlined would ut-~'
terly bankrupt the family.
It is a fact that the cost of neces
saries, mainly food-stuffs, has doubled
in the past ten years. Wages have not
advanced in anything the same pro
portion, where any advance has at all
been made. Principally upon the wo
men of the nation has devolved the
nerve-racking task of making both
ends meet. The tariff has fostered
trusts, and trust prices have steadily
added to the burden of maintaining
the family in decent health and com
fort upon the earnings of the average
man. Therefore, women have more in
terest in the tariff than has any one
else. It has terribly crushed her and
her children. The protest of the wo
men of America against a high pro
tective tariff would be one of an al
most irresistible justice and moral
force. Now would be as good a time
as any in history for each thinking
woman to write to the Congerssman
she knows —the man who was so
agreeable to her at dinner, so defer
ential to her when he was soliciting
her husband’s vote, the man who is
one of the distinguished citizens of
her community. So long as the in
fluence of women in public affairs is
latent, it will remain so negligible as
to amount to little more than a polite
fiction. And in speaking of influence,
I mean influence in the best sense,
not hysterical, nor partisan; but the
clear power that fearlessly expresses
its own sense of justice and right
(and women have this so keenly that
its development is almost a living
pain) and keep on expressing it until
Under The Vine and Fig Tree
Conducted by Grace Kirkland
the trend of public opinion sets in the
desired direction.
All summer long we will doubtless
have tariff debates to weariness. The
outcome of the bill should be substan
tial relief for the toilers, relief for
the wives and mothers whose especial
duty it is to make “one guinea do
the work of five,” and for the work
ingwomen who, by the thousands,
must be bread-winners and bread-ba
kers too.
Long has it been preached, and
truly, that “she can throw out with
a spoon more than he can bring in
with a shovel.” But in this day of
pretty general understanding of do
mestic economy, the once horrible ex
amples of waste are really rare. Most
women are striving, intelligently, to
do their part as wise spenders of the
family income, and even the inexpe
rienced housekeeper will quickly learn
how to get good value for her money.
But, unfortunately, while no group
of women will long be gathered to
gether for a chat these days but that
each will give voice to complaint of
high prices, there is a kind of bewil
derment perceptible, a failure to un
derstand why the great cost of ar
ticles formerly cheap, and why, above
all, things “don’t last as they used
to do.” The shoddy goods, the adul
terations, the gross deceptions are all
but a part of the vicious era of un
controlled trusts and the sex that suf
fers so much therefrom has not only
the right, but upon it devolves the
duty, to protest.
And thp protest will be against
spiritual as well as material robbery.
Fbi the family that is never ahead of
current bills, that doesn’t feel that
the years are those of peaceful prog
ress, that never has any relaxation
from the sordid grind of making a liv
ing, is not achieving anything for it
self, anything for the betterment of
human kind. It is merely in bondage
to a privileged class, working for their
benefit, consuming for their profit.
“We want the money to get the
time to get the things that money
won’t buy.” Why eat only that we
may work, and work again merely
that we may eat? There must be
some margin for thinking of other ’
things than the grocery bill, or how
we may manage to get shoes for the
children again.
There is wealth enough produced,
but the producer doesn’t get his share,
wherefore the producer and his family
are dwarfed in true development, rob
bed of the sweetness and the joy of
living. When thrift, instead of being
rewarded, is defeated; when life is
reduced to the dead level of main
taining an existence, something is
wrong with that nation which permits
it and what that wrong is the women
have a right to understand and to
abolish. Not with class hatred, but
with a love for the race, for the
homes that we now enjoy and which
we hope will grow purer, less selfish,
more nearly perfect as each genera
tion comes better to understand that
the glory of the country is not in its
population, nor in its riches, nor in
its imperial sway, but in the quality
of its citizens and the justice of its
institutions.
Xsl)e 'Seffersonlaii
All of w'hch is a “preachment”
that is trite and yet can not too often
be said, when it U said with real feel
ing and with profound conviction that
the economic welfare of a people must
be assured if moral degeneration and
decay are to be prevented. And the
work of stopping pauperism by the
operation of partial laws would be
infinitely grander in conception, as
well as nobler in result, than all the
charities with which our country
teems.
MENTAL POISONS AND ANTI
DOTES.
“'Oh, I can’t be cheerful when
there’s so much to weigh me down!
I can’t help worrying when things g*o
so crooked.” So says many a wo
man, and really believes what she
says. It would hardly be safe to tell
such women that much of their de
pression and worry is a sign of weak
will power, for they think it is really
a sign of a certain kind of strength.
The purpose is all right, couldn’t be
better, but —well, one doesn’t first
wear a thread all to a frazzle if she
wants to make a good strong seam.
Perhaps no woman can really over
come the uncheerful habit merely by
resolving to do so, but she can get
the idea that it is a weakness, and that
she can learn how to overcome this
weakness.
Two sisters well known to the wri
ter are very similar in temperament
—given to taking life too seriously
and too severely. Both have many
cares and duties, and their full share
of the “whips and scorns” of life.
The one whose health is frail and who
has the fewest dollars, said some time
ago, “This living in a constant snarl
is too hard, and it isn’t right. I can’t
believe that God wants one so to live.
I believe I can learn to live above all
this. The world is just as bright for
me as for any other if I’ll only see
it. I will see it.”
The other sister has not yet come
to that place, and she makes life a
hardship for herself and for all oth
ers with whom she has to deal. The
two are far apart in manners and hap
piness and real efficiency.
“Having fun with your mind” is
the title of a recent magazine article
by a thoughtful writer. His idea is
that one can learn to enjoy mental ac
tivities —reading, music, even study—
and have as good a time as if he were
seeking pleasure by means of outside
diversions. On the same principle
one may have fun with the mind in
trying to see how calm one can keep
in the face of little vexations. T'he
first sister described above says she
often has “a regular little circus”
with herself when trials come up, in
seeing how they try to upset her and
how she can maintain poise and peace
right in the very face of them.
“Be ye transformed by the renew
ing of your mind,” writes Paul to the
Romans. “Any one may go into the
business of building up his own mind
power for an hour each day, by call
ing up pleasant memories and ideas,”
says a modern writer. A teacher of a
rather new school of thought says we
can make ourselves over by using and
developing the right kind of thought
forces. He then goes on talking about
despondent, depressing thought as “a
corrosive, wearing, tearing power,”
about suffering from mental poisons
and not knowing it, and declares that
nothing will so exhaust the vitality
and whittle away life as a violent fit
of hatred, bitter jealousy, or a deter
mination for revenge. His teaching is
that one may as completely neutral
ize an attack of the “blues” with
cheerful thought, as a chemist can
neutralize an acid which is eating in
to his flesh by applying an alkaline
antidote.
A certain home maker who had to
work very h-ard and could not often
leave her house for recreation, used
to find rest by taking up a bit of work
she especially liked to do, right in the
midst of her many duties, when she
found herself getting over tired. She
w T ould sew the trimming on one of
the children’s dresses, or put her par
lor furniture into new places, or bake
her favorite pudding—do it as calmly
as if there were nothing else to do —
then when she was rested, would go
blithely on with her heavier tasks.
One lady rested herself by a similar
yet more truly a mental process.
When she is tired and getting down
hearted, and worries begin to assert
themselves, she resolutely sets herself
to neutralize them by thinking over
good times she has had, remembering
commendatory and pleasant words
that have been spoken to her, recall
ing some of her little victories over
difficulties,, or by planning out some
beautiful thing she would do for an
other if she could. She says it is a
very tonic to her as she goes on with
such a line of thinking, and she fairlv
feels herself rising out of the fog of
low spirits.
There are a thousand depressing
things to think about? Yes, perhaps,
but there are many more than a thou
sand bright, beautiful, cheering things
to contemplate. Choose ye the better,
and let it give tone to your life.—Mar
tha J. Nichols, in The Mothers’ Maga
zine.
THE PRETTY NEW SASHES.
The next striking feature in the
new dress is the sash, which appears
on dresses of every material and char
acter. It is like the dress, or it is
jet black soft satin or crepe. It
swathes the waist or drapes the cor
sage; forms bretelles and ceinture, or
cross-waist drapei*ies, dropping at the
side of the front; or it hangs to the
foot of the dress at the back in long
tasselled or fringed ends. Momenta
rily, at least, the black sash is consid
ered a little more striking than those
that match the costume; but flowered
sashes and belts are preferred for the
evening or reception gown. The new
est idea is the adapting of the baya
dere tying of plain or flowered crepe
or silk sashes. They are caught up
at the waist line in the back, and
brought to the front, where they are
loosely knotted, as low as the knot of
an Eastern dancer’s sash.—Farmers’
Advocate.
PAGE THIRTEEN