might be possible for you to draw a fortune
on a lottery ticket; or come home rich, after
betting on a horse-race.
It is so easy for Spinners to combine, or
shut down and wait for the new crop—espe
cially when they have more cloth on hand
than the people can buy— that such prices
and conditions as prevailed last November
seemed to indicate the wisdom of selling.
A Fair Sample of Lon Livingston
Editors
(concluded from page nine)
The old hypocrite has been in office twenty
years, has never even tried to do anything for
the farmers; and he deserted to the Republi-
a year ago—thus enabling them to pass
■ a new tariff law 'WHICH INCREASED
THE BURDENS OF THE FARMERS
ENORMOUSLY.
Flowers and Taylor, assiduous bootlicks of
Livingston, have been libelling me in their
puny little paper. I can’t afford to stop my
buggy, and take a whip to every fice that
barks at me, as I pass through town —so I
paid no attention to Flowers and Taylor.
But an Emory College boy sailed into
them, and knocked them out in a style that
was neat, if not gaudy. Whereupon, those
High and Mighty Men, refer contemptuous
ly to college boys, as being wholly beneath
the notice of Aromatic Flowers and his part
ner.
Flow old is the Floral One? Whence his
fine scorn of college boys? Why this super
cilious flouting of the college boy? Whither
are we drifting, Lon Livingston Flowers?
Poor little bootlick—you don’t even know
how to lick boots. You hurt the scurvy poli
tician whom you try to help.
You appear to have stated in your paper
that I agreed to support Floke Smith, in order
that I might get Smith to “have mercy” on
one of my clients.
Poor little Fragile Flowers, you don’t seem
to know wfliat Everybody else knows—that 1
agreed to support Smith, in the summer of
1906, while the crime for which Glover was
hanged WAS NOT COMMITTED UNTIL
AFTER SMITH HAD BEEN ELECTED
GOVERNOR!
You appear to have stated in your paper
that I sold my vote to Joseph M. Brown. It
is no wonder that, when my bold young de
fender, Will Stanford, demands some evi
dence in support of your infamous slander,
you should take refuge in the cowardly plea
that you cannot afford to argue with college
boys.
He did not seek an “argument”. What he
wanted was something in the way of proof to
sustain your vile accusation.
// you have it, why don’t you give it to
him?
You appear to have stated that I tried to
win oyer to my side, the man whose servile
tool you are—Lon Livingston.
Between me and that unprincipled knave
there has been continuous and bitter hostility
eyer since I went to Atlanta, nearly twenty
years ago, to fight and defeat his efforts to
deliver the Alliance votes to the notorious
corruptionist, Pat Calhoun.
Livingston, to my face, threatened to use
his influence with the Alliance against me, in
my District. I defied him.
February, a year ago, there died in this
town a cousin of Pat Calhoun, James W.
Green. He was a clerk in Calhoun’s office, in
Atlanta, during Pat’s race for the Senate.
He told me, over and often, how he was sent
by his Cousin Pat to the bank to get one thou
sand dollars in bills, and how ho. saw Pat
hand this money to Lon Livingston.
That’s the kind of man you are named
after, Fragrant Flowers.
3fttfersonian
EDITORIAL NOTES
By J. D. WA TSON
James Martin Miller, ex-Consul General of
the United States in New Zealand, has been
making an investigation of the meat business
in England for the New York World, and his
report proves how the Beef Trust robs the
people here at home.
In the Smithfield market, the greatest meat
market in the great city of London, Mr. Mil
ler found meat from all cattle raising coun
tries for sale.
There was meat from New Zealand, meat
from Australia, meat from Argentina, meat
from Russia, meat from Canada, and meat
from the United States. Different steamship
lines were engaged in bringing this meat from
the four quarters of the globe to the London
market.
Therefore Mr. Miller found that there was
keen competition, and he found that the aver
age price of meat was at least twenty-five per
cent, cheaper in the London market than it is
here.
Mr. Miller interviewed the managers of
Armour & Co., the Hammond Packing Co.,
Swift & Co., and Nelson Morris & Co.
Three of these managers, while afraid to let
Mr. Miller use their names, because it might
mean their jobs, all made about the same
statements as to the reasons, etc., why the
Beef Trust, after paying the freight to the
seaboard and across the Atlantic, sells beef
cheaper in England, than in the United States.
Said one manager: “It is true that Ameri
can meats are sold cheaper in England than
in the United States. And why? Because
here in England we are in competition, with
the meat supply from the four quarters of
the globe. Lines of steamships bring meat
from New Zealand, Australia, Argentina and
Russia, besides from Canada. All this im
ported beef is placed on the market in com
petition with that produced in England. The
American packers, if we do business here,
must meet this competition and govern our
selves accordingly. There is no tariff on
meats brought into England N
The last sentence of the manager tells the
secret of the whole thing.
There is no tariff on meat shipped into
England, and the meat raised in that country
must compete with that shipped in.
And there is no Beef Trust in England
either.
* * * *
Another thing, this gives the lie to the
statements of the different Meat Trust offi
cials that the high price in this country is due
to the fact that the supply is so short that it
will not meet the demand.
They say that so much public land that was
formerly grazed by the cattlemen has been
settled into towns and farms that there is no
grass for the cattle to eat, hence a falling off
in the number of cattle. With the passing of
the cowboy and buffalo went the adequate
supply of cows.
But if this is true, —there not being enough
cattle raised in this country to supply our
home people,—how is it that the Trust* ships
meat raised in this country to England, and
sells it in England cheaper than it sells it
here ?
The high price of meat is not due to the
short supply, and every man with any com
mon sense knows it.
The high price is because the Trust controls
the supply of home raised meat, and it has
the tariff to shut out meat that would be
shipped into this country from Canada, Mexi
co and Argentina to compete with the Trust
prices.
Remove the prohibitive tariff on meat, and
you will soon see the conditions the same as
they are in London, —competition and lower
prices on Trust controlled products.
* * * *
Still another thing, all the talk about the
passing of the cowboy and free grazing land
decreasing the supply is all bosh.
It is true that most of the lands of the West
and Southwest are no longer free grazing
lands, and it is true that the wild steer and
cowboy have about disappeared.
But the reason they have disappeared is
because the cattleman found that there was
more money in a different method of cattle
raising.
He found that it paid him to fence his land
into lots for pastures instead of letting the
cattle roam all over the plains. The fences
were cheaper in the long run than the hire of
cowboys. He began to raise improved breeds
of cattle instead of the old “Texas longhorn”,
for he found that they weighed more, their
meat was of a superior quality and brought a
better price on the market. He began to cul
tivate some of his land and build barns, be
cause he found that there was more profit in
raising food for the cattle to eat, and barns to
shelter them through the rough winter weath
er, than there was in letting them run wild
and freeze to death.
Ar-T° l^ might as well sa N that tlle Borden
Milk Co., the Milk Trust in New York State,
was enabled to raise the price of milk in New
1 ork City because the farmers, from whom
they buy, now have fine cows that give five or
six gallons of milk a day, instead of the old
scrub cows that they formerly let run on the
commons, and milked about a quart of bluish
liquid from at night.
You may take any reason that the Trust
official will give you for high prices, and
when you trace it down to the truth, you will
find that the high price is due to the fact that
the trust has a monopoly of that article, and
he has the monopoly because the tariff shuts
out competition.
* * * *
the Trusts cannot bear fair competition,
they must have everything their own way.
In the Smithfield market in London the
meat stalls have been in the same family for
years,—handed down from father to son.
Naturally these stalls have a long established
trade that outsiders cannot get, and the
American Meat Trust realized it.
Then the Trust commenced to buy up the
different stalls, until it secured a majority of
them. There was nothing to do, so the Trust
officials thought, except to pay for the leases
on these stalls and get control.
But here the Trust ran against the English
sentiment of monopolies of necessaries of life.
The Trusts hate competition for they want
everything themselves.
Some time ago the Beef Trust officials de
cided to buy the leases of the different stalls
in the Smithfield market in London, and in
that way get control of that particular mar
ket.
They bought the options all right, but they
didn’t figure on having to deal with the Board
of Governors, who have a say as to how the
Smithfield market shall be run.
Here the Trust ran against the English
sentiment against any monopolies in food
stuffs, and the Trust was defeated.
Said the Governors: “These Americans un
doubtedly intend to shut out all competition.
They don't care whether they sell meat from
the United States or from the Argentine Re
public: all they want is to control the market
and plunder the helpless consumers.”
The Englishman is evidently better posted
on the American Trusts’ methods of doing
business than the average American. The
Beef Trust has worked the game in every big
city in this country, and we have never raised
a hand to stop it.
England can give us a good many pointers
about handling greedy monopolies. ‘
PAGE THIRTEEN