OP INTEREST TO WEALTH PRODUCERS
HOW FARMERS COULD SAVE
$28,000,000 A YEAR
I have gone to some trouble to
figure out the saving which the farm
ers could make in the handling of
the three great staples, corn, wheat,
and cotton, over hard roads. I wish
every farmer in the United States
could have the resultant figures din
ned in his ears every morning of his
life. If he once gave them considera
tion the County Supervisor who
dared, by his ballot, record himself as
inimical to good road extension,
wouldn’t dare go abroad without a
body-guard.
The figures I used were for the
harvest of 1905-1906. The corn mar
keted that year weighed 19,083,000
tons. The average weight of the
wagon loads hauled was 2,696 pounds
and the total number of loads was
14,156,528. The average length of the
haul was 7.4 miles; the total mileage
hauled over 104,758,307. Every ton
hauled per mile cost 19 cents, and the
total cost of marketing the crop by
wagons was $26,830,698.
The average cost of hauling over
hard roads per ton per mile would
be not more than SO.IO, a saving of
$0.09 a> ton, due to hard roads would
there make the marketing of such a
crop $12,709,278 less than the actual
cost.
The saving on the wheat crop
figured $10,256,058 and on the cotton
crop $5,076,183. The aggregated
saving to the farmers who marketed
those three staples would have been
$28,041,519. If the farmer wants a
stronger reason than that for cham
pioning the building of good roads
in his county, I’ll have to refer him
elsewhere. I know no stronger one. —-
Logan Waller Page, Director U. S.
Office of Public Roads.
SHOULD FOSTER AGRICULTURE.
One of our ablest (Southern con
temporaries declares it is a short
sighted policy of government that does
not seek unceasingly to foster its
farming interests. The prosperity of
a country is dependent upon its
agriculture. Mining and manufac
turing, commerce and transportation,
all the wheels of industry refuse to
run when agricultural conditions lan
guish. With the tremendous strides
made in other departments of labor,
the farm cannot afford to stand still
or to employ antiquated methods.
Hand and brain must be intelligently
directed that the products of the
ground may be abundant and profit
able. The treatment of the soil
should be a matter of careful study.
If allowed to run down, effort ap
plied to its cultivation is little more
than time misspent. Its preserva
tion and up-building require as dili
gent concern as the care and improve
ment of stock, or as the proper culti
vation of the crops that grow.
All of which goes to prove that our
broadest minded men and best think
ers, men whose hearts are in the right
place, and who look upon farming as
the great calling it really is, still see
but one side of it, the producing side.
M hat is said is good and true, but
it goes only half far enough. The
fertility of the lands must be pre
served or there will come a time when
people will get hungry. The most ap
proved system of cultivation must be
adopted and the latest improved im
plements and machinery employed or
farmers will grope in the shadows of
the forgotten years while everybody
else is working in the sunlight of
progress. But two bushels of grain
or two bales of cotton are not always
worth twice as much as one. Profita
ble farming depends upon profit
able marketing, and calls loudly for
attention to the selling side of farm
ing, the side that until very recent
years has been wholly ignored. While
the State and the nation are very
properly adopting measures to foster
and encourage farming, the part of
farming upon which the income de
pends should not be neglected. Help
ing farmers to raise big crops, only
to become the spoil of greedy specula
tion, is like leading a flock of sheep
into a rich pasture while greedy
wolves are protected in every ad
jacent thicket, to rush and prey upon
the flock whenever there is a drop of
blood more than is required to sustain
life. The best service government
could render the flock is to drive out
the -wolves, or at least extract their
fangs.
But farmers are not so helpless as
the sheep. They can protect them
selves if they will. Their blood is
their own, and so is their sweat, and
the wolves cannot get it unless it is
voluntarily surrendered. Co-opera
tion and controlled marketing make a
wall the wolves can neither crawl
through nor climb over. —Up-to-Date
Farming.
REARING YOUNG TURKEYS.
In rearing young turkeys, one
should select large, healthy breeding
stock, about 12 hens to the tom. A
turkey lays about 18 to 24 eggs at a
clutch, and the first clutch should be
hatched under hens, so that the tur
key hen may be allowed to lay an
other clutch.
After the eggs are hatched, the
poults should be kept from getting
wet, and it is best to yard them for a
week or 10 days. It is impossible to
follow any set rules in raising young
turkeys, yet one must feed sparingly,
as more poults are lost from over
feeding and lice than from any other
cause. One of the best feeds, and in
fact a very essential feed, for young
turkeys is onion tops. As soon as the
turkey eggs are set, a bed of onions,
preferably the multiplier or potato
variety, should be planted, and each
two weeks thereafter another bed
should be planted, so as to have avail
able at any time a supply of young
onion tops. During the first 10 days
feed the young poults a mess —com
posed of one part of hard boiled egg,
one part of boiled rice, and one part
of bread crumbs or rolled oats, to
which have been added finely chopped
onion tops in an amount equal to one
fourth in bulk of the whole mess.
This should be sprinkled freely with
jfeffersonian
pepper. Dandelion tops are also good
for turkeys.
One breeder suggests that all water
given young poults should contain a
small amount of lime, and should be
given in a shallow pan with a board
floating on top to keep the poults
from getting into the water. If a
poult gets sick it should be given hot
milk thickened with pepper in tea
spoonful doses.
In using a hen to incubate turkey
eggs care should be taken to keep the
hen free from lice, as lice soon kill
young turkeys. Neither will they
stand it to be greased on the head
and under the wings, as young chicks
will. Insect powder is the only thing
that can be used on poults for lice,
and that in very small quantities.
Young turkeys are subject to roup
and cholera, the same as chickens,
and should be treated in the same
manner. They also sometimes con
tract a disease not contracted by
chickens, commonly called 11 black
head,” as the head turns black and
the fowl has a very forlorn appear
ance. No successful remedy has yet
been discovered for this disease. The
United States government now has
experts at -work on it. One remedy is
coal oil in one-fourth teaspoonful
doses once a day for 10 days.
This has been known to cure black
head.—“ Farm Poultry,” Farmers
Institute Bulletin Kansas State Agri
cultural College.
DOES THE CHICKEN BUSINESS
PAY?
This is the question often asked by
persons who are partially interested.
Yes; is the answer usually given by
the fancier, and then he asks, “After
yon have paid for your shed, yard,
stock, and feed, are you still better
off than if you had purchased your
supply in the market?” Yes; I am
better off than the man who rvent to
market, and I can show you in figures
just what I have expended for house,
fence, stock feed and everything
which goes with the business. On the
other page in my ledger I show just
what I have received in dollars and
cents for my stock, and also that the
latter account will more than balance
the former.
The trouble with most persons
going into the chicken business is that
they start on too large a scale; they
expect to undo the market at one
jump, Let the beginner start a
little slower and increase gradually
until he has studied nis ups and
downs, successes and failures, and
can care for a large flock successfully.
If you put SSO or SIOO in chickens
and equipment do not expect 300 or
400 per cent the first year; if you
can make $25 on your investment you
have done a good business. The
experience is worth at least several
hundred dollars to you.
Th©> trouble is we expect too much
from our investment. If a man in
vests $2,000 in real estate he does not
expect to get his $2,000 back the
first year; but is satisfied if he can
get ten per cent, or even six. Show
me a chicken man who has run his
plant on anything like a business
basis that can not declare a dividend
of more than six per cent. There are
numbers who can declare twenty per
cent and even more. I know of an
instance where a party invested S2O
in a few birds and raised over 100
little ones, besides selling several
settings of eggs at $2 per 15, and yet
had his old pen left. These 100
little ones became in time fryers, of
which some were sold by the pound
and others at $1 each, besides a
number used for the table, and the
eggs for family use; I want you to
sight me to one instance where a man
can invest a like sum and receive
such return as this? Yet people
argue that the chicken business does
not pay.—W. U. McKemy, in The
Industrious Hen.
FLAVORING TOBACCO.
Nearly all tobaccos are doctored in
various ways in order to suit the
tastes of different consumers. Each
manufacturer—even in Havana —has
his own secret methods, handed down
from father to son, which are re
garded as perfectly legitimate and
necessary in the preparation of the
soothing weed. Saltpeter is added to
the tobacco to make it burn well,
licorice, honey, molasses and maple su
gar to give sweetness to it for the
special benefit of chewers and rum to
make it keep well and preserve its
properties. Nearly every plant which
will afford a perfume is used in the
preparation of what are known as
“fancy” tobaccos. But it is not
true, as some suppose, that opium and
deleterious drugs are employed, save
in a few brands of imported Turkish
and Egyptian cigarettes. Among the
flavors used are coffee, tea, valerian,
lemon, orange, geranium, sassafras,
thyme, anise, mint and cinnamon.
Gum and glycerin are occasionally
employed to bind the tabacco par
ticles so that they shall not crumble
into dust. The various ingredients
are made into a kind of sauce, into
which the tobacco leaves are dipped
or with which they are sprinkled.-
London Answers.
INCREASING FARM VALUES,
One of the most striking and sig
nificant facts which we see today is
the material advancement in farming
interests. Real estate is increasing in
value year by year, and more atten
tion is being paid to the improvement
of lands than ever before. While
lands are being closely cultivated,
they are being nourished at the same
time and made more productive in
stead of being impoverished. Up-to
date machinery is being installed, by
which farmers are enabled to do their
own work, greatly saving the expense,
of labor, which of late years has for
the most part proven incompetent and
altogether unsatisfactory—in fact, the
most difficult problem that has con
fronted the class in years. Young
men who contemplate leaving for
the cities should consider well the
advantages offered on the farm before
taking such a step. —Tidewater De
mocrat.
PAGE THREE