tory defied to produce a better, and
trust it to me, for I have read a line
or two myself, and now while he is
struggling might and main, wearing
his life away at the oars, and the helm
at the same time, in a patriotic ef
fort to save the old ship-o’-state, let
us bend to an oar and heave with all
our might.
How is Mr. Watson working?
Through his publications, of course.
How can we help him in that?
By securing for him the greatest
possible circulation, of course. If ev
ery home in the land was visited by
one or both of Mr. Watson’s papers,
the next election would boil with the
“blood of ’76,” and there would be
Boston tea parties galore. Special
privilege, and class legislation, dis
torted laws, and weak and wicked ju
diciary dummies would pass from our
system with a single stroke.
It may not be possible for you to
secure all your neighbors as subscrib
ers, but get all you can. Do not let
the papers lie and gather dust. Pass
them on.
In the days when our independence
was brewing; in a day when to speak
might mean chains, or death, Adams,
and Jefferson, and Henry, and scores
of the representative class pleaded
with the people just as our leader
is now thundering forth, to stir them
selves, and prepare for the coming
contest, which seemed inevitable. In
1765 Mr. Adams wrote a series of
essays outlining the principles of gov
ernment which later found national
expression, and were breathed forth
in our present foundation of govern
ment. He called upon the people to
study and understand their privil
eges; urged the necessity of diffus
ing general knowledge, and cried
with a “mighty voice” urging the
clergy and the bar, the college and
the press, to take up the cry and pass
it along until every partriot was
alarmed by the toecsin, and armed
for the conflict which was brewing in
the courts of the mother country.
We have our formal rights of gov
ernment secure, but the spirit has
flown. Our judiciary is corrupt; our
law making and explaining bodies are
but the arena and pit of the stock
market. Good men are not wanted,
but gamblers, drunkards, thieves,
convicts, and every species of de
bauched statesmanship assembles in a
jar-jungle of kangaroo deliberation.
Your rights? Do not tell me you
have lights, if you war against cap
ital!
You are face to face with a situa
tion which demands the immediate
action of the intelligent voter. Thank
God we are getting the weak and ig
norant colored man out of the politi
cal market, and the possibility for a
fair game is nearer at our door than
previously.
Mr. Watson has thousands of read
ers today, and he would have just as
many thousand more as knew of his
publications.
I need not tell you how you can
help in increasing his circulation. Put
your mind to it, and you will find
many better ways than letting his
paper go to the scrap basket, or for
the baby to tear up, as you would the
average daily. Perhaps you have a
confidential friend. If so go to him,
or at least, next tibe you meet, have a
confideltial talk with him and tell him
of the work Mr. Watson is doing, and
ask his assistance in the matter by
reading the paper, if nothing else.
If he botes at that you have got him,
fur no American citizen with the true
blood in his veins can read the won
derful pulsating paragraphs in the
Jeffersonians without feeling the
“blood of Israel” boil within his
veins.
Mr. Watson is caring nothing for
your money, his devoted career
proves it; he loves his country, and
is dashing his frail being against the
bars? that separate the people from
their rights, in an effort to fill the
mission to which God has called him.
Boys, let us help him. For the
sake of our homes, our rights, oiir
country, let ug help in the preserva
vation of that God-given respect for
law, which has sunk to-so low an ebb
in the spirits of our administrators.
Let your souls speak. Put your
heart in the contest and your fel
low man will see that you are in
earnest, and flock to your standard,
enlist by your side, and keep step with
you until the rights now lost to the
people are restored, and true democ
racy marches again to triumph in a
land that God has loved.
J. H. CAMP.
WAKEFIELD Poultry Yards has a few
more Barred Plymouth Book and
White Wyandotte ceckerete far sale at
|1.50. Send in your order now eo yoe
can get eggs early in the eeaoon. My
barred Rocks are almost perfect tn
color. All orders Hied from now until
February 1 at |1 for 18; after then
81.60. Order now, will ship when you
want them. W. A UUDB. Prop., Wake,
field. N. O fcno
Brother Jeffersonian, Get up a Club and send it in at once.
I THE WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN
I ATLANTA GEORGIA
Editors Weekly Jeffersonian:
Please send send your paper to the following names and addresses as indicated:
NAMES POST OFFICE STATE R. F. D. TIME AMOUNT
-
I Total Amount of Subscriptions——Dollars
Name of Agent -
Post Office-«....
Route~ State....»
Kindly Address Your Letters to the Paper, not to Individuals. This will Insure You Prompt Service.
Write Name and Address Plainly.
W.'iT SON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
NEW WAY MEDICINE TO STOCK
WHAT IT 18
IBlackman’s Medicated Salt Brick
jj. com P° se d of the purest dairy
[SA salt, Sulphur, Salt Petre, Copper-
as, &nd Nux Vomica, as prescribed
t&f by a graduate of the American Vet-
erina,ry Coll ®£® of N ® w York city;
for 'th® ordinary diseases of the
animals for which it is intended.
what it does
SAVES VETERINARY BILLS Aid. Digestion, Purifies the
■ - - J Blood, Removes Ticks end Worms,
Cures Skin Disease, Kidney, Stomach and Bowel Trouble, Prevents Colic,
Blind Staggers, Heaves, Texas Fever, hampers. Murrain and Cholera.
Creates a healthy appetite, tones up the system, removes eld coat of hair
and brings out the new.
WHAT OTHERS SAY
Your Medicated Salt Brick is far superior to all other medicine of Its kind for
stock. I have not sold one package of stock powders since receiving the first
case of your Medicated Salt Brick. lam out of your goods now, but am going to
try to sell the powders on hand before ordering any Brick. So long as I have
Medicated Salt Brick, no sale for the powders. One of the first men I sold Medi
cated Salt Brick to afterwards bought four more, and said it was the best thing
for stock he had ever used. This was also my experience in giving it to my
horse and cow. M. D. DeLORME.
Greelyvllle, S. C., Aug. 3, 1900.
We have been using your Medicated Salt Brick and find we have good
healthy oxen, when this time last year under the same conditions, we had lost
17 head. FUNNAGUSHA LUMBER CO.
Howard, Miss., Aug. 1, 1906.
My customers speak of your Medicated Salt Brick In the highest terms for
giving horses and cattle a good appetite, toning up the system, and bringing out
a nice coat of glossy hair. I expect to keep the Brick on hand.
Lincoln, Tenn., Aug. 7, 1907. J. T. HOLLAND.
I have been selling your Medicated Salt Brick about four years, and have
guaranteed every one of them to give perfect satisfaction or refund the money,
and I am glad to say that I have never had to give a man his money back yet.
I sell other stock remedies, but do not feel like recommending them so highly.
Villa Rica, Ga., Aug. 6, 1906. S. T. HAYNES.
BLACKMAN STOCK REMEDY CO., Chattanooga, Tenn.
If Your Dealer Wont Supply You, Write Us.
PAGE FIFTEEN