PAGE TEN
LET7EKJ FROM THR TLOTLL
DR. TAYLOR, ON GROVER CLEVELAND.
Crawfordsville, Ind., July 3, 1908.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Editor Jeffersonian.
Dear Sir: Your article on Grover, Cleve
land, contained in the Jeffersonian of July 3,
is the only honest and truthful statement of the
real facts in the case that I have yet seen.
Even papers and magazines professing the
principles of reform are tumbling over them
selves to do honor to the memory of the man
whom they once abused so roundly, regardless
of the fact that they thus give the lie to all
the charges they have heretofore made against
his official acts and character. lam persuad
ed, however, that a close scrutiny of the pri
vate and public acts of this man w’ill show that
even your review has been colored too much by
the “de mortuis nil nisi bonum’’ principle.
Passing entirely over his private character,
which we know was not without serious blem
ish, it will show’ that the battle w’ith Tammany,
in and out of the convention, w’as a sham, got
ten up for the very purpose which it accom
plished—that of deluding the masses into the
belief that he stood for reform and purity in
government. Even the simplest ought to
know and understand that Tammany is the
praetorian guard of Wall street; which re
ceives offices and the petty spoils that belong to
them, for the immeasurably richer ones it
wring from the people. Be sure that in that
instance, as in all others Satan was not divided
against himself. Another sham battle was that
waged between the heads of the British and
American governments while Lombard and
Wall streets held the stakes, and chuckled ov
er the credulity of the people and the suc
cess of their game; for the Venezuelan embrog
lio was a sham from bottom to top, put on to
delude the people into the fear that w T ar be
tween the two countries w’as imminent, that
we needed more battleships, stronger coast de
fences, etc., to provide for which it was nec
essary to issue immediately bonds to the
amount of $150,000,000. This game was played
so successfully that not only did our people
acquiesce cheerfully and with alacrity in the
issue, but very many yet point with pride to
the time when Mr. Cleveland not only twisted
the tail of the British iion, but compelled
that monarch of beasts to retire to the shade
of his nafive jungle. His advocacy of tariff
reform sprang not so much from conviction
as policy. The great importers of New York,
including the sugar trust, want the tariff
removed from the articles they import sim
ply and solely for the reason that their prof
its w’ill thereby be increased. You know’ that
Havemeyer said that “Tariff is the mother of
trusts!’’ It is also a part of their policy to
direct all of the firing against the tariff wall,
because it distracts attention from their own
game, and under the cover of the smoke their
looting can go on unmolested.
The simple fact is that Grover Cleveland
was a. finished product of the New York school
of politics and finance, and nothing more. Ac
cident made him governor by such a majority
as challenged the attention of the whole coun-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
try, and prepared it for the glowing certifi
cate of character, which Wall Street, always
on the alert for an available stalking horse,
caused to be sent out; cunning, worthy of the
prince of darkness himself, backed by an un
limited corruption fund, put him w’here he
could do the most harm to the cause of re
form. Destiny, seemingly bent upon its de
struction, scored the charge up to the demo
cratic party, since when all lovers of their
country have ceased to expect from that par
ty any help against the sappers and miners
who are steadily and stealthily undermining
the state.
If you choose, you may publish the above,
as the conviction of one who supported Mr.
Cleveland most loyally until clearly convinced
that he was wholly unfitted at all points for
the position in which our suffrages had placed
him, and who does not now’ see any reason for
changing his opinion.
Yours respectfully,
JOHN N. TAYLOR.
LIES OF HOKE SMITH PARTISANS.
Box Spring. Ga.. July 8, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: While discussing politics with
Judge W. C. Patterson of this county yester
day, he said: “Tom Watson w’as paid for his
attitude in the race for governor and got
SI,OOO per week for the editorials w’hich ap
peared in the Weekly Jeffersonian just be
fore the nomination and said he knew’ the par
ty who saw’ one of the cherks and that you
w’ould not deny having received that much per
week from Joe Brown and supporters.”
Mr. Patterson is not the only Hoke Smith
supporter in this county who tries to create
the impression that you were bought, when
every reasonable and informed person knows
that you took the only possible consistent
course. Please publish this letter and reply.
Yours,
JNO. PAUL JONES.
Answer.
When Judge Patterson, or any other man,
says that Mr. Watson “was paid for his atti
tude in the race for governor,’’ any sum by
Joseph M. Brown, or by any one else in his
behalf, Judge Patterson lies, and lies mali
ciously.
Mr. Watson’s finances are always kept in
such sound condition that he is not even
tempted tn “sell out.”
By hard work at the bar, on the lecture
platform, and in the writing of books. Mr.
Watson acquired property which pays him a
fixed income of more than $19,000 per year.
The attention ho spares to legal business earns
him several thousand dollars every year. His
books alone would bo sufficient to support him
in the simnle style in which he prefers tn live.
Were he in need of more money he would ac
cept some of the big law eases that are of
fered to him every month, or make a few’ en
gagements with a lecture bureau. He could
enrn a thousand dollars a week easily, by re
peating his lecture on the South —to say noth-
ing of what he could earn writing for maga
zines and papers.
Mr. Hearst offered Mr. Watson $15,000 per
year to write exclusively for his papers, and
w’as answered that Mr. Watson w’ould not
write exclusively for Hearst for fifteen mil
lions per year.
All this “sell out’’ talk is the salve with
which sore-heads dress their wounds. It is
the consolation which the defeated adminis
ters to his chagrin.
THOSE WHO KNOW ARE AFRAID, AND
THOSE WHO ARE NOT AFRAID
DON’T KNOW.
Mr. Watson: Allow’ me to ask this ques
tion: Is it because the financial writers on
the money and national bank question are ig
norant of the facts and figures showing the re
lation between national banks and their de
positors, or is it because they dare not do
it? JOHN P. SHAW.
Bridgeton, N. J.
A STRONG LETTER.
Mr. Thos. E. Watson.
Dear Sir: I have written you with the hope
you w’ould print this in your paper, that the
people might see some facts and figures never
seen in a newspaper or magazine, showing
how 7 , through the National Bank Credit Sys
tem, by the laws that govern the banks, and
the people that deal w’ith them, the real
wealth of the producers is taken away from
the producers. It is impossible to make laws
that can benefit the toiling millions on the
money question, until some law’s that are now’
in full force shall be repealed.
A government law in full force now under
the constitution says that congress shall have
the power to coin money and regulate the
value thereof. And this is the way it has reg
ulated the value of our government money.
To me a dollar is only one dollar, and if I
loan it on interest the law says 6 per cent is
the limit. If I deposit that same dollar in a
national bank (rural) the law says thdt bank
may hire out $6.26 of its credit at r per cent
and may hire 3-5 of that do!’ ,r to another
bank and get w’hat interes; it can from the
money, and that bank N>. Two, by law, can
hire out $2.40 of its credit on the 60 cents
at any rate it can get.
And the law’ says it may hire 1-2 or 30
cents of its 60 cents to third bank at any
rate, and the third bank may hire on call
$1.20 at any rate from 1 per cent to 100 per
cent.
The whole truth as it now is, put in black
and white to be read by a people that profess
to have good sense, would hardly be believed.
I have tried again and again to see if I could
not write the facts in some way that they
w’ould not look ridiculous to a thinking peo
ple, yet these laws are so one-sided, they
have been so leeching the producers ever since
the banks have had the privilege of issuing
their credit in the form of money, issuing
their credit at the rate of ten dollars against