PAGE EIGHT
Z3l)e 3effersoitiait
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered »t Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. 14 Aug. 12, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
First Blood for Harriman
When E. H. Harriman, the chiefest of all
the Wall Street jugglers, sword-swallowers
and sleight-of-hand experts, got his claws on
the Central of Georgia, I knew that sooner
or later he would put the Georgia Legislature
in his basket.
That’s where he keeps the California Legis
lature, and such others as he needs in his
business. Harriman is the candid philoso
pher who wrote a letter in which he declared,
that whenever he wanted congressmen, judges
and legislators, he went and bought them.
Harriman is also the moralist who, while
being examined under oath and asked about
a certain issue of worthless stock which never
could by any possibility earn dividends, —but
which he had nevertheless unloaded upon
confiding widows, orphans and miscellaneous
“lambs”, —answered, “We didn’t tell the pub
lic that the stock would ever pay dividends,
did we?”
Pious John—the oil saint, was at his daily
golf, when this saying of Harriman was re
ported to him by his attentive secretary. Sin
gular to relate, the Pious One was not the
least bit shocked by Harriman’s way of de
fending the indefensible. On the contrary,
he chuckled with enjoyment, and pronounced
the Harriman reply to be “the funniest thing
I ever heard”.
Having bought the Central of Georgia, via
two dummies, Harriman went through the
form of selling it to his Illinois Central, —
passing to his private account a neat and cool
two million dollars on the deal. (See how
easy it is to make money, when you control
the railroad which buys the railroad which
you sell. And see how great your power is,
when you retain control of the road you sold
as well as of that which bought.)
But when Harriman rode over the Central,
and viewed it critically, he did not pronounce
it good. It was too crooked. It bent and
twisted about from town to town in away
that Harriman despised.
So he determined to get the kinks and
squirms out of the wriggly old Central. A
great straightener of railroads, is Edward H.
If his morals had the same tendency, we could
soon export missionaries to all heathendom,
without feeling the loss. You remember, —he
took the Union Pacific through the Great
Salt Lake, cutting off nearly a hundred miles
of railroad, anti leaving the folks and the
towns along the cut-off roosting out in the
wilderness. To lose a railroad in that shock
ing manner, after having become used to it,
must be terrible.
Well, as I was saying, Harriman didn’t ap
prove of the crooks and the bends in the Cen
tral at all; and he expressed a stern resolu
tion to cut them out.
But how?
When the railroads of Georgia and else
where exercised their chartered right to
snatch other people’s land away from them,
whether or no, that ended their enjoyment of
the sovereign prerogative of Eminent Do-
■©fye. Jeffersonian
main. After that, if they found that they
were in need of more land, it became their
painful duty to go and buy it, in the same
way that you and I and John Jones have to
do. No more snatching and condemning.
That having been done once, could not be
done again.
So, you see, Harriman was down on the
level with us common folks. Likewise, Tom
my Scott, who wants to double-track the
Georgia Railroad. So, also, all the other
Wall Street corporations who own iron high
ways.
Now, how do Harriman, Scott and the
others get back to the higher plane from
which they can reach down, and snatch and
condemn our property?
Why, they go to the legislature with an
omnibus bill 'which renews all their old char
tered rights to exercise the sovereign prerog
ative of Eminent Domain. In this bill, they
are to have perpetual power to snatch and
condemn your land, — and they don’t surren
der an iota of the exemptions from taxation
unwisely granted in those old charters.
That bill, which the Georgia Senate passed
almost unanimously, is worth millions and
millions of dollars to these Northern corpora
tions. It practically amends all their char
ters, renews all their privileges, and forever
safeguards them from taxation.
What right did these Wall Street corpora
tions have to expect such unbounded liberal
ity at our hands?
Did they not plunder the original stock
holders of the Central, reducing many a fam
ily to destitution?
Have they not dragged the State into the
Federal Courts every time it sought to con
trol them, or lessen their oppressive rates?
Did they not attempt, only a few weeks ago,
to bring Federal troops to Georgia, in the in
terest of the negro firemen, —knowing that
the presence of Yankee soldiers in this State
for that purpose would inevitably cause riot
and bloodshed?
And yet, with the memory of all this fresh
in our minds, the Senate grants an enormous
boon to the Wall Street corporations.
Well! I knew that Harriman, after gob
bling the Central, would need the Georgia
Legislature in his business, and I was afraid
that he would get it; but I did not suppose
that he would get it quite so easily and soon.
(P. S. —I am going to take group-pictures
of the inhabitants of some of the cut-off
towns, after the departed railroad has left
them out in the woods. They won’t need to
be told to “look cheerful”.)
msg]
\Remember these Deserters
Their names are:
Stephen M. Sparkman, of Florida; John
A. Moon, of Tennessee; Robert F. Broussard,
and Albert Estopinal, of Louisiana; Wm. G.
Brantly, Charles G. Edwards, James M.
Griggs, William M. Howard, Gordon Lee,
and Leonidas F. Livingston, of Georgia.
The above named are the Southern Con
gressmen who represent Democratic districts,
but who deserted their colors and went over
to the stand-pat Republicans.
Speaker Joe Cannon is recognized as the
wheel-horse of Special Privilege. The des
potic power placed in his hands by the Re
publican majority enables him to pack com
mittees, kill off reform legislation, and jam
bad laws through the House. So intolerable
grew the situation that a revolt against Can
non sprang up among the Republicans,—
mainly of the West. These insurgent Repub
licans wanted new rules that would deprive
the Speaker of his tyrannical power. Had
the Democrats unitedly voted against the old
rules, Cannonism would have been over
thrown. But at the critical time, a Demo
cratic member who owes his election to Pat
McCarren, the notorious Standard .Oil poli
tician, broke away from the leadership of
Champ Clark of Missouri. Eight Democrats,
all from New York, flocked over to old Can
non, and fifteen others followed.
The effect of the bolt was that the Repub
licans drew away from the Democrats a suf
ficient number of votes to offset what they
lost by the insurgents.
In other words, the Democrats who de
serted to the enemy gave victory to the very
worst element of the Republican party.
By renewing Cannon’s lease of power, these
deserters became responsible for the infa
mous tariff law which the stand-patters have
rammed down the throats of the insurgent
Republicans and genuine Democrats. It was
the despotic power which these Democratic
deserters gave to the Speaker which enabled
him to pack the Conference Committee and
to railroad the bill through the House.
To these Democratic deserters we owe it,
largely, that the tax on woolens and worsted
has not been lowered a bit, and that the taxes
on cotton fabrics are raised. You owe it
largely to them that you will have to con
tinue to pay a tax of 165 per cent, on blan
kets. You owe it largely to them that you
will have to pay more for socks and stock
ings, for razors and watches, for pens and
barbed wire.
Remember the names of these Democrats
who went over to the enemy on the day of
battle, —and see to it that they stay at home,
henceforth and forever.
® ® IS
The R. F. D. News '
The above named magazine reprints from
The Washing ton Post an editorial in which
credit is given to Mr. Pickier of South Da
kota for the R. F. D. service. The News
virtually asks me what I will do about it.
Well, life is too short to be everlastingly
furnishing the proofs of my authorship of
the resolution and the appropriation which
was the beginning of the real R. F. D. sys
tem, but I’ll tell the News what the editorial
in the Post moved me to do.
I sent to the editor a copy of the old Peo
ple’’s Party Paper, of date February 27, 1893,
in which I informed my readers of the adop
tion of the R. F. D. resolution on the 17th of
that month, and told them that before a great
while the country people would be getting
their mails delivered to them by carriers, just
as city folks were doing.
And I wrote to the Post that I would do
nate SSOO to any charity it would designate,
if they could show that Mr. Pickier, or any
body else, had ever secured an appropriation
previously for free delivery of U. S. mail to
people living outside of incorporated towns
and villages.
So it is up to the Post to earn a snug dona
tion for one of the Washington charities, or
to correct a statement which does a fellow
creature injustice.
® g] ®
Oh, Look Here
From the Columbia (Mo.) Daily Tribune
we clip the following:
“Harry L. Pierce, of Columbia, is under con
tract to draw plans and superintend construction
of $200,000 worth of school buildings in Korea
for the Foreign Missionary Board of the Meth
odist church and the Woman’s Foreign Board of
the same church.
“Mr. Pierce will receive a salary of $3,000 a
year and the work on hand will require at least
two years. He will go over to Korea in Septem
ber and will go to work on his plans for a boys’
school at Songdo and a girls’ school at Seoul,
Korea.
“Rev. S. P. Cresap, of St. Joseph, former pas
tor of the M. E. Church here, and Bishop Ward,
went over the ground in Korea and decided an
architect would be needed. They offered the po
sition to Mr. Pierce, who has had it under con
sideration for several weeks.’’
What next? The Jeffersonian has been
telling you about Foreign Missions, but the
“Missionary Architect” is a new wrinkle.