in two railroads, alone, he is shown to hold
$110,000,000.
Having- issued and sold some stocks and
bonds of a railroad which did not exist, he
was asked, on the witness stand, about this
amazing swindle. His cynical reply is a mat
ter of record:
“We did not tell the public that the stock
would ever pay dividends, did we?”
He had unloaded on innocent purchasers
railroad securities which were utterly worth
less, —yet he had no regrets whatever to ex
press for his successful knavery.
Who has forgotten this man’s wrecking of
the Alton?
According to the official findings of the In
terstate Commerce Commission, this E. H.
Harriman expanded the indebtedness of the
Alton Railroad to $80,600,000, and the books
of the Company showed that only $18,000,000
of this huge sum was spent for the road. The
loot to Harriman and his pals was $62,660,000.
There were only 946 miles of the Alton rail
road, and therefore HARRIMAN’S STEAL
AGES, under legal forms, AMOUNTED TO
MORE THAN SIXTY-SIX THOUSAND
DOLLARS PER MILE OF THE ROAD
OWNED BY THE COMPANY.
This is not the statement of “a reckless
demagogueit is the official verdict of the
U. S. Government.
This man Harriman and his pals, acting as
directors of a railroad, voted themselves forty
million dollars in bonds, at 65 cents on the dol
lar, and then, as individuals, sold these bonds
to themselves as dirwtors of Insurance Com
panies and Trust Companies at a tremendous
profit. They bought the bonds from them
, selves at 65 cents on the dollar and sold the
same bonds to themselves at nearly 100 cents
on the dollar. When buying, they were rail
road directors; when selling they were In
surance Company and Trust Company direc
tors.
In both cases, THEY WERE COMMON
CHEATS AND SWINDLERS. They used
the position- as directors to rob the corpora
tions whose affairs they managed.
Yet this is the man who has come down to
Georgia and received ovations in Atlanta, Ma
con, Augusta and Savannah I
For less than $1,500,000 he has bought con
trol of the Central system which is well worth
fifteen or twenty millions; and which is cap
italized at nearly forty times as much as Har
riman has put into it:
Now what’s he going to do with the Cen
tral? To save his gizzard, he couldn’t loot it
any more. Morgan has already been there.
And Morgan is like the lightning,—which
doesn’t hit in the same place twice, because it
doesn’t have to. No; Morgan got there first,
and even Harriman could squirt any ad
ditional water into the Central with a force
pump.
But the great Wall Street robber magnani
mously declares that he will spend ten mil
lion dollars on the road, if the people of Geor
gia will quit fighting the corporations.
“It’s up to you,’* says he, insolently and de
fiantly.
This kind of bravado may cost Harriman
dear.
There is a profound feeling of resentment
throughout this state for the crimes that have
been committed against the Central and the
people who patronize it.
That high-handed robbery of the old stock
holders cries to heaven for punishment. That
$30,000 salary to Maj. J. F. Hanson is an out
rage on the patrons of the road.
The illegal traffic arrangement of the Cen
tral and the Southern stirs a deep dignation in
those who feel that our Constitution should
not be trampled under the hoofs of Wall
Streeters.
The people of Georgia are not yet at the
mercy of E. H. Harriman; and we don’t have
SSeffersonlan
to kneel to him in order to have the Central
road kept in repair. We can COMPEL THE
CORPORATIONS to make all needful im
provements. More than that, we don’t want.
Less than that, we will not put up with.
Cram that into your pipe, Mr. Harriman,
and smoke it. And don’t you ever make the
mistake of thinking that THE FELLOWS
WHO LICK YOUR NASTY BOOTS,
when you come to Georgia are the men who
rule this commonwealth.
M l?
A Sad Accident.
thousands of stubborn, unreasonable, con
trary men have been put to death, with fright
ful torture, because they could not bring them
selves to believe in “Transubstantiation.”
Ihe European world has been convulsed,
time and again, over that big and baneful
word. Torrents of blood have been shed about
it. The time was when a father would de
liver up his own child, to be put to death by
fire, if the son or daughter could not embrace
this blessed doctrine of “Transubstantiation.”
What is meant by that big and baleful word?
In brief, plain English it signifies that after a
priest has muttered a prayer over a piece of
flour-bread and a glass of wine, the bread be
comes the body of Christ, and the wine his
blood.
It is the devout and cannibalistic habit of
our good friends, the Catholics, to eat Christ’s
body and drink his blood. They do this when
they swallow the consecrated dough and wine.
Now, a singular thing happened in Italy, a
short time ago. A priest went through the
usual form of changing the bread and the wine
into the body and blood of Christ. Then he
ate the bread and drank the wine. *
And it came to pass that the priest straight
wav fell down in convulsions, and died.
For, mark you, an enemy of this priest had
privily put poison in the wine, and, in spite
of the fact that the priest had changed the
wine into the blood of Christ, it killed him,
just as though no miraculous transubstantia
tion had taken place.
One would suppose that a miracle which
changed wine into blood would have taken the
sting out of that poison. One is horrified at
the idea that poison could lodge itself in the
blood of our Savior, or kill a pious, officiating
priest whose faith was so great.
M H H
The Cardinal and the Nigger.
His Eminence, Cardinal John Gibbons, of
Maryland, is opposed to Woman’s Suffrage.
If the white women of the country should
unanimously demand the right to be heard in
the making of the laws which affect their
property, their liberties and their lives, His
Eminence would piously quote something
from St. Paul, and then throw his mighty in
fluence in the scale against the women.
But he wants the nigger men to vote. He
has come out on their side, in the Maryland
campaign, and he is fighting the Disfranchise
ment law, whose passage would put Maryland
in line with a majority of the Southern States.
Why should Cardinal Gibbons butt into this
contest anyway? Why can’t he let politics
alone? It is none of his business to tell Cath
olics how to vote. Tn matters of State, the
Church should “hands off.” If the priests are
to dictate in one case, where shall the line be
drawn? If Cardinal Gibbons continues to play
his part of the power-behind-the-throne in
American politics, how long will the country
submit to it?
Cardinal Gibbons knows perfoctlv well, that
if the ballot were given to 50,000 white women
in Maryland, the electorate would be vastly
improved. About ninetv per cent of those
women would be intelligent and unpurchasa
ble. Thev would vote for the best men and
the best measures. The great danger is that
they would be controlled by such unscrupu
lous Jesuits as Cardinal John Gibbons.
But suppose the franchise is left in the
hands of the negroes—doesn’t every practical
man know that about ninety per cent of them
will use his vote ignorantly, or will sell it?
Yet here we have the ranking officer of the
Catholic church in the United States siding
with negro men against white women.
The negroes have no right to the ballot,
whatever. When the government was found
ed they were expressly shut out from political
privileges. THE BALLOT IS A PRIVI
LEGE, NOT A RIGHT. The Amendment
which gave this political privilege to the negro
was not legally adopted. Besides, it was a
war-penalty imposed by the Conquerors upon
the vanquished.
Therefore, the South can never rest easily
and contentedly under this badge of humili
ation.
It is a burning shame that a Churchman,
like Gibbons, should violate the letter and the
spirit of our system by mixing affairs of
church and state, but it is doubly a shame
that, when he DOES intrude himself upon a
political campaign, HE SHOULD CLAIM
MORE FOR NEGRO MEN THAN HE IS
WILLING TO CONCEDE TO WHITE
WOMEN.
M
Casual Comment.
•
An East London firm advertised last week
for two men to take two jobs. Just ordinary
jobs at ordinary wages. How many appli
cants do vou suppose'rushed to get those two
jobs? THREE THOUSAND.
Isn’t it a terrible thing to think of? Here
is a civilized country where the Christian
Church and the Christian State has had full
sway for ages, and yet the net result of the
rule of Church and State is worse for the poor
than if they were savages in the wilds of South
American jungles, in the midst of Darkest
Africa, or in the frozen zone of the Esquimaux.
What is the matter with London that three
thousand unemployed men should rush after
a job, as a pack of hungry dogs would rush
after a bone?
What is the matter with sev
eral million work-people should be starving?
London has more wealth than any other city
in the world. England is"*Tlie usurer of the
universe. Into her treasuries, public and pri
vate, flow golden streams from the remotest
parts of the earth. Why then do her strong
men cry for work, and her women and children
perish for want of food and clothing and shel
ter ?
It is the old story. The Government is the
machine which the privileged few use to rob
the unprivileged many. The privileged make
the laws which take away the property of the
unprivileged. Thus it is that about 30,000
Englishmen own the greater part of the wealth,
while the millions of under-dogs have neither
homes, nor bank accounts, nor jobs.
A reverend gentleman of the name of Sny
der had an experience recently which jolted
him all over. Rev. Snyder went to the factory
of the Chicago Copy Company to evangelize
the young women who work in that establish
ment. Had the young ladies allowed the Rev.
Snyder to do all the talking, as he supposed
that they would, all might have run smoothly.
But these girls were of the “scratch back”
variety, and they fired into Rev. Snyder with
a lot of questions that soon had him up a tree.
One of the women asked Snyder, “Who made
God?” and another asked, “Is God responsible
for sin?” and when Snyder answered in the
negative saying that “Satan is responsible for
sin,” another one of these young women in
quired, “Who made Satan?” and still another
(Continued op Page Twelve)
PAGE NINE