PAGE FOURTEEN
Chicago, Dec. 3, 1907.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find $2, for which
“push” my name up a year on each of your
publications, as per your special offer as ad
vertised.
Please note that I am sending a “Clearing
House Certificate,” which is about the only
thing doing business up here. I could send
currency, however, but I am just sending
this along thinking you might like to see a
piece of the nasty stuff. Awful hard to
“shake” it in some localities up here, espe
cially in the Ghetto, and Uncle Sam won’t
have it under any consideration, and yet he
persistently refuses to give us money which
would be good in exchange at all times and
at all places. Kinder think the old Gent
has “got it in” for some of us, especially the
poor devils who do as they are told, and can’t
help themselves.
Now if you can not possibly stand the looks
of this “Emergency” gush, and absolutely re
fuse to take it, just “hoss” it right back and
you shall have a brand new Silver Certificate
in its place. Respectfully,
J. H. CAMP.
10c A YEAR!
THE DIXIE HOME.
MAGAZINE, largest, brightest and finest IL
LUSTRATED MAGAZINE in the world for
10c a year, to introduce it ONLY. It is bright
and up-to-date. Tells all about Southern
Home Life. It is full of fine engravings of
grand scenery, buildings and famous people.
Send at once. 10c a year post paid anywhere
in the United States, Canada and Mexico.
6 years 50c, or clubs of six names 50c, 12 for
|l. Send us a club. Money back if not de
lighted. Stamps taken. Cut this out Send
today. THE DIXIE HOME, No. J 1, Birm
ingham, Alabama.
The Blue Jackets’ Friends Society
After a year of very successful work the Blue
Jacket’s Friends Society has been incorporat
ed under the Massachusetts law and the head
quarters of the Society removed to Boston,
Mass. The originator of the Society, Abbie
Fosdick Ransom, the well known writer of
stories is the new president.
The object of the Society is the bettering
of shore conditions for the enlisted men of the
navy. This is much needed in northern cities
where the defenders of our flag upon the seas
do not receive the same cordial welcome and
chivalrous treatment which the residents of
southern cities give them. Boston, especially,
is spoken of as “The worst city alnog the
coast,” and in many ways does it deserve the
name. The officers of the Society hope, how
ever, to change this to such an extent that
sailors will receive when in that port the same
hearty welcome which southerners bestow upon
them. Any information regarding the Society
will be cheerfully given by the president, Abbie
Fosdick Ransom, 248 Blue Hill avenue, Milton,
Mass. Let the southern cities fall in line and
show their devotion to the cause; let them
shame their sister cities of the north by a
“full count” when the roll of the Blue Jacket’s
Friends is called.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
AUCTION
LAND SALE
On February 1, 1908, 11 a. m., we will sell to the highest bidder about four hundred
acres of land, located in Clayton county, Ga., four miles west of Jonesboro, near Camp
Creek, eighteen miles south of Atlanta on the Southern Railway and known as the Travis-
Trust Estate. This land is divided into six fine farms from 25 to 150 acres; all fronting on
the Jonesboro and Fairburn public road as per diagram. Sale will occur on premises.
Terms cash. J. A. Huie and W. G. Travis, salesmen, Riverdale, Ga.
Fertilizers For 1908
I am now prepared to supply the farmers of McDuffie county with the celebrated LION
brand guanos and acid phosphates, manufactured by the Marietta Fertilizer Co., Atlanta, Ga.
These goods have proven best for all crops throughout this section and I will make prices
satisfactory. The best is the cheapest. We belong to no trust. I desire to thank my friends
for past patronage and most respectfully solicit your future business. See me for the fam
ous LION GUANO.
N. L. EVANS, Thomson, Ga.
="■' - -- -- ■ "■ " ■■ ■■ "11. 1 HJ, J J- ■!.. I. J 1 ■ ' 1 1 ' ' S*S
Brother Jeffersonian, Get up a Club and send it in at once.
I THE JEFFERSONIAN
ATLANTA GEORGIA
Editors Jeffersonian:
Please send your paper to the following names and addresses
as indicated:
NAMES POST OFFICE STATE R. F. D. TIME AMOUNT
========== ======
•••••••••••••••••••••••• •■••*•••••«•••••••••••« •••••••••• *«•••«.
Total Amount of Subscriptions Dollars
Name of Agent
Post Office—...
Route State
Kindly Address Your Letters to the Paper, not to Individuals. This will Insure You Prompt Service.
Write Name and Address Plainly. ■ t