PAGE TEN
IET7ERJ FRO JI THE PEOPLE
ANOTHER THREE-YEAR SUBSCRIBER.
Burton, Neb., Feb. 24. 1908.
Please find enclosed draft on Omaha for
$3. for which you may send me your magazine
for three years. I have all of your magazines
that were published in New York. I am a
subscriber to your paper, the Jeffersonian,
which T like very much. I was going to act as
agent for you but as I am, getting old, and
have a farm of 1,600 acres to look after, I
have no time. I took the liberty to have the
editor of our paper at Burton, exchange
with you and act as agent, as he could do
you more good than I could.
There are three events or incidents in my
life that make me a populist: 1 heard the
speech of Thad Stevens in February, 1862. in
congress on the Greenback bill, and saw for
many times in 1864 the quotations on Wall
street, Now York, when the first issue of
greenbacks was worth more than gold, from
one to three per cent.
1 have not voted for a candidate for presi
dent of one of the old parties since Grant's
first election. I voted for Peter Cooper, and
saw the Greenback party die the same as the
populist party, stung to death by the demo
cratic party. 1 told our voters when they be
gan to fuse in Nebraska that they would kill
the party, but thank God they can never kill
its principles.
I was in the northern army four years and
1 am just as earnest in the people’s war
against trusts and monopolies as I was for
a union under one flag during the war of
’6l to '65.
RALPH LEWIS.
P. S. —Let us all keep up the fight.
■
LETTER FROM MISSOURI.
Our Dual Government.
Phe United States of America has the best
Government in the world.
That is because it is the best to the finan
ciers.
And it has the best financial system in the
world because it is the best to the WFeenawn
ciers. ”
And we have the best “feenawnciers” in
the world.
1 hat is because they all know a dollar when
they see it. 1
While we have the ‘’best” financial system
in the world, it is financial death to the pros
perity of Ihe people'.
The people may be likened to poor Tobe
Givens who had appendicitis.' and his
brother John took him to the leading
hospital in the land. and the sur
geons proceeded with the carving. W hen the*
job was done John telegraphed home, and
said: “Dad: the doctors say the operation
was fine. Tobe is dead."
The financiers do not own the people, be
cause they prefer to hold a mortgage on them,
and they have the mortgage good and tight.
Our government is Dual in Form, Executive
and Administrative.
The Executive Department is in New York
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
City and in a small office in Wall Street.
Mr. Morgan is the captain of both depart
ments.
The Administrative Department is at Wash
ington and Mr. Morgan has there his First
Lieutenant, the President, and his orderly, the
Secretary of the Treasury.
This form of government has existed for
many years.
The object of this government is to accumu
late wealth and power for the captain, his ser
vants and friends.
The captain is a captain of industry and
some more things.
He keeps a great treasury at Washington.
He keeps his books at Washington and his
money mostly at New York City, so it can't
get away.
The captain and his friends have three im
mense sources of income which cost them
nothing.
And the laws of the country are so
to insure the collection and payment to him
and his friends.
The captain creates vast debts in bonds
against his corporations, which exist in the
atmosphere. And he sells those debts, beauti
ful bonds, to ignorant people for large sums
of good money, then he has. their money and
they have —well—a cinch on the atmosphere.
The captain and his friends also issue, largo
numbers of insurance policies on the lives of
his people who are mortgaged to him, for
which he collects large sums of money in trust
for them.
Then he swaps to the people his side line
bonds on the air for their good money. His
people do not agree to that, because it is not
necessary, and there is no contention about the
deal. And no man has ever yet been known to
beat it, except a few dead ones.
The captain’s second great source of in
come is the creation of vast sums of indebted
ness by bonds against the earnings of the
railroad systems for hundreds of times more
than their value.
T hese bonds he sells to the mortgaged peo
ple at a fancy price for good money.
The captain keeps the money, and they keep
the bonds.
The captain's third source of income is the
greatest, surest and safest income of all.
That is the net receipts of his great treasury
at Washington which belongs to him and his
friends.
Into this treasury is pouring the money of
ninety millions of people who have to pay it
Io get leave of the captain to wear clothes and
get some sugar and coffee.
At times the captain thinks he has not got
all the money, and as soon as he thinks that,
he orders his lieutenant to order his orderly
to look into the bag, and see if anything is
left.
The orderly looks into the bag and says he,
“There ain’t none," and the captain says,
"Well, make some then.”
The orderly then calls the boys and starts
the mill to grinding, and grinds it out bv*the
million for the captain and his friends till he
hollers, ’nough.
JOHN M. BARKER.
Montgomery City, Mo.
THAT’S THE VOICE OF LOVE.
When the rosy blush of morning
Tints the ebon night to gray,
And the song-bird’s first low whistle
Goes to meet the coming day;
When a mystic, mellow laughter
Seems to float from wood and cove:
You are near the home of nature,
And that’s the voice of love.
i
When you're bending broken hearted
O'er a lonely grassy mound,
And your pleading prayer unanswered
Sinks to trembling, hopeless sound,
And a silent something whispers,
"I’ve prepared away above,”
Yon are kneeling at God’s gateway,
And that’s the voice of love.
—Tom Genolin.
«
Opportunity missed will not come again,
but having missed it may sharpen one’s xision
to recognize another.
Wauchula, Florida
Is located in the Peace River Valley Country
and is the center of the Orange and Vegetable
industry of the State. About Three Hundred
Thousand crates of Oranges and Vegetables
shipped annually, bringing into the community
hundreds of thousands of dollars. Good schools
and churches; healthy (no malaria), and the
best place on earth for the man of moderate
means to build a home. For furthey informa
tion, subscribe for or write The Wauchula
Telegram, Wauchula, Florida. All communica
tions answered promptly.
SELL FRUIT TREES.
Wanted —100 salesmen. You make money by
our plan. Best terms. Write at once.
UPSON NURSERIES.
Yatesville, Ga.
EVERYBODY WANTS
PUBLISHED WEEKLY FOR THE BREEDER AND FARMFP \
Recognized authority on Breeding, Feeding, Man
agement and the Improved Breeds of Stock.
Special Departments for
Draft and Coach Horses,
The Beef and Dairy Breeds of Cattle,
Sheep, Swine, Poultry and the Dairy,
By able Live Stock Writers and Breeders, with the
best from Home and foreign papers of the world’s
progress in Live Stock Husbandry.
Our Live Stock Market Report is unequaled.
Handsomely printed and illustrated.
Stock Farmer can afford to do without it.
Published weekly. Subscription price only SI.OO.
Agents wanted in every county.
Write for sample copy. Address
THE LIVE STOCK JOURNAL
394 E. 55th ST. CHICAGO