the Journal made that editorial statement, my
first impression was that the act of taxpay
ing registered me.
That is the exact meaning of the word “au
tomatic'’ in that connection.
i * p - ” means self-acting. Thus we
speak of the automatic feed of a machine;
the automatic action of certain revolvers; the
automatic car-coupler, etc. We “touch the
button and the mechanism does the rest."
The Journal virtually said, “You pay the
tax, and the law itself registers you”; all you
have to do is to “touch the button” by paying
the collector. That the Journal did mean to
be so understood is proved by what it said
about the collector “going his rounds, collect
ing taxes and registering voters”.
(A private letter informs me that the col
lector of the writer’s county does go his
rounds collecting taxes. The law does not
contemplate this, and the practice is full of
danger. In this day of held-up trains, rob
bery of banks and individual citizens in broad
daylight, the tax-collector who goes to the
various country precincts to gather up money
takes a very great risk. We do not do it that
way in our part of the State. With us, Mat
thew sits at the receipt of customs at the
courthouse and we go to him with it, as cheer
fully as possible, and part from it.)
When the J/tzcon Telegraph called atten
tion to the Journal's error, it began to twist
and squirm and spit like a vicious cat—in
stead of manfully admitting that it had made
a thundering mistake.
Worse still, it claims that it meant to say
that the taxpayer is “automatically” or “con
currently” afforded the opportunity to regis
ter when the pays his taxes! Oh, my! what a
wriggle—and fib.
But the two words are not synonymous.
“Concurrent” means the same as coincident,
accompanying, co-operating—a very different
thing from “automatic”.
No sane man or woman expects human per
fection ; and no editor loses anything by
frankly admitting, “I made a mistake there.
Am glad to stand corrected.”
Such a course raises him in the estimation
of right-minded people. It does more than
that: it creates confidence.
Whoever wrote that original editorial had
simply been misinformed about the law.
As to Mr. Smith’s written statement in the
Union News, it is harder to understand. He
certainly knows that the /registration lists
can not be touched after June sth, yet he says
that they took away at least two months of
opportunity to register, in order that the reg
istrars might have time to purge the lists.
Whatever may have been the motive, the
fact remains that Messrs. Boykin Wright and
Hoke Smith have been plotting and planning
for several years to enhance the power of the
towns and cities at the expense of the rural
voters.
13 13 13
A Queer Sort of “Judge ”
An Atlanta man resented a vile insult to
his wife by striking the insuiter. Taken be
fore Judge Broyles, the husband was fined
fifteen dollars and seventy-five cents. In
passing sentence upon the man, this “Judge”
declared that “it was a natural impulse for
a husband to resent an insult to his wife, but.
that the impulse was wrong”. Judge Broyles
said that “his court does not recognize the
unwritten law”.
No, nor any other sort. Judge Broyles prac
tices a code of his own, and it is a mighty
bad one at that.
If the man was present when his wife was
“vilely insulted”, and struck the insuiter,
then and there it was not a case which comes
under the unwritten law. The written law
authorized the husband to strike. No one but
a coward would fail to strike. Instead of
being punished for protecting the woman
whom he swore at the altar to protect, the
man deserved commendation. The man who
The Jeffersonian
“vilely insulted" the woman should have
been fined the fifteen dollars and seventy-five
cents. Such a penalty would have had a
healthy influence upon him and upon others.
Society is well served when the courts exert
their power to safeguard wives and daughters
from the man of the lewd eye and the foul
tongue.
A short time ago this same “Judge” fined
a young man three dollars and seventy-five
cents for not paying street-car fare.
Which goes to show that Judge Broyles’
court does recognize unwritten law. He
would have a hard time finding any written
law authorizing a decision of that kind.
Evidently, the Judge has a tenderer feel
ing for a railway corporation than for the
husbands and wives that want decent treat
ment.
Insult an Atlanta man’s wife, and the
“Judge" punishes the husband who strikes
the scoundrel, and the scoundrel goes scot
free I
But get off a street-car without paying the
nickel, and down comes the majesty of the
law.
“No unwritten law in his court?” Why,
that’s the only sort he seems to ’regard.
V CT
3 3 13
Bryan’s National Convention
Spokesman
Haskell, of Oklahoma and other States,
was Bryan's official leader in the Denver con
vention last year.
Later, Haskell contributed twenty thou
sand dollars to the dough-bag.
This is the same man who borrowed sev
enty-five thousand dollars from a bank and
put up stocks and bonds as collateral. When
the bank tried to collect the money, Haskell’s
wife went to court and swore that the stocks
and bonds were hers.
Nice lieutenant for the Peerless.
3 [MI g]
Keep Your Eye Skinned, Farmer!!
Hon. Samuel Gompers knows what union
labor wants. As President of the American
Federation of Labor, it is his business to
know.
Mr. Gompers declares that the Pearre bill
represents the demands of union labor.
That bill says that the right to “carry on
business" shall not be protected by the courts
as a property right.
If a trespasser is cutting and sawing tim
ber on your land, the courts can give you pro
tection by enjoining the trespasser.
But if the workers on your farm strike,
boycott you and picket the place, so that no
other workers can take i)p the abandoned jobs,
the courts could not, under the Pearre bill,
give you protection.
Your “business" of farming could be de
stroyed and all the value taken out of your
land, and you'd be helpless. The law could
do nothing for you.
Mr. Gompers presumably committed Bryan
to this Pearre bill, for Mr. Gompers support
ed Peerless very actively, and when Roosevelt
inquired of Peerless how he stood on the
Pearre bill, Peerless would not answer.
Right then and there he might as well have
left the race. His silence on so grave a ques
tion lost him votes everywhere.
Now, farmer, has not Mr. Gompers been
trying hard to get up a partnership with the
Farmers’ Union?
What is he after, you reckon?
What is the axe that he wishes to grind on
your grindstone?
And, bless my life! here you have gone and
elected an Atlanta printer, a leading member
of the Typographical Union, to represent you
at a union labor international convention.
Well, I must say, farmer, that you are an
easy mark.
If ever your leaders aid in the passage of
the Pearre bill, the negro secret orders are.
going to give you—well, fits.
r«i [m]
Here Comes President McLean
I am pleased to report that some of the
foreign missionaries show a disposition to
treat me “real nice". See what comes of set
ting a good example ! Had I lost my tem
per as some of them did, and published angry
editorials as some of them did, we would all
now be at the boiling point and some pugna
cious people might be fighting. Ours is a
peppery country, you know, and I saw in the
papers a few days ago that two men (not in
the Asylum) “fell out and font’’ about the
North Pole.
When you live among people who do things
of that sort you have got to be careful. As
for me, I ve reached the stage where I want
peace—as you can see for yourself by read
ing last week’s paper.
But to come to my subject, Dr. Stephen J.
Corey has written me a comparatively civil
communication, enclosing with it the McLean
article, which he declared refuted me “point
by point” in the matter of Foreign Missions.
While President McLean's essay is very long,
very commonplace, and contains nothing but
repetitions of what they all say, it is pub
lished in full, according to promise, on page
two.
Dr. Corey asks: “Did you publish Dr.
Wakefield's reply to your editorial?”
The Jeffersonian has informed its read
ers of Dr. Wakefield's repudiation of the re
ports of his Crawfordsville lecture; and is
publishing in this issue a letter from him to
our friend Barge, of Atlanta.
If either Dr. Corey or Dr. Wakefield has
any reply to make to my editorial of last
week, The Jeffersonian will promptly pub
lish it. The title of the editorial is:
“WHAT KIND OF MAN IS DR.
COREY?"
Reader, glance through the McLean article,
recall to mind the immense array of facts that
this paper and Watson's Jeffersonian Maga
zine have presented to you; then decide for
yourself whether Dr. Corey was warranted
in publishing the statement that President
McLean had refuted me “point by point".
He starts out with a shot at Charles Dick
ens, and then coolly assumes that Christ com
manded all this houseboat, summer-home,
music-lesson, secular-education, fine-college,
asylum and free-board business. He then
calls attention to what the Lord told his home
mission disciples to do; but he is careful not
to quote the plain,, positive orders which He
gave to the foreign mission disciples. Then
at great length he dwells on the hardships of
missionary work.
Then endeavors to defend those big bills
for damages which the missionaries filed at
Washington after the Boxer uprising. But
he fails to state that Congress scaled those
bills because they were obviously excessive;
and he makes no reference to the fact that
the missionaries confessed that they had
added an arbitrary one-third to the total
amount of the damage as computed by them
selves! This involved moral turpitude; the
ownership of jewelry did not. Why did
President McLean deny the luxury and leave
the dishonesty undefended or denied?
While he was on the subject he might have
told us something byway of palliation of the
conduct of those missionaries who joined the
soldiers in looting Chinese houses. But he
didn’t.
Then President McLean devotes much
space to the medical work of the missions,
comparing the surgeons and doctors to Christ
and His disciples. Os course, he uses that
pet phrase about China and the lancet. They
all rave over that lancet.
When did Christ and His disciples open
any country with a lancet or a surgeon’s knife
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE