ALA'S API A POPULISTS
Now is the time for the Populists of Ala
bama to get in some good work. At a meeting
of the Executive Committee held in Birming
ham on July 4, the following electoral ticket
was nominated:
Electors for State at large—A. P. Long
shore, of Shelby; I. M. Doswell, of Geneva.
First District—Webster C. Kyle, of Mon
roe.
Second District —William B. Rogers, of Wil
cox.
Third District —J. C. Cox, of Geneva.
Fourth District —M. N. Ethridge, of Dallas.
Fifth District —E. A. Phillips, of Clay.
Sixth District—*G. T. Hassell, of Fayette.
Seventh District —John Yarbrough, of St.-'
Eighth District —J. Z. D. Byers, of Law
rence county.
Ninth District —W. A. Fountain, of Perry.
We owe it to the principles for which we
stand—Jeffersonian Democracy —to do all in
our power to elect this ticket. Though we do
not expect to elect them, we can give them a
big vote, and a big vote for these principles is
a mighty big stick over the heads of the old
parties when they make their platforms and
adopt their policies; so a vote for this ticket
will not be “thrown awayif we do not elect
our man, and we may accomplish a great
amount of good without having the reins of
government directly in our hands.
And let us not only help with our votes, but
do all the “missionary work’’ we can. Sub
scribe for the Jeffersonians and get others to
subscribe. Get sample copies and distribute
them among your neighbors.
Democratic newspapers in Alabama are not
as friendly to our cause as they are in other
states, and we have very little opportunity to
do educational work or to keep our friends
I Hon. Thos. E. Watson
I WILL MAKE ADDRESSES AT THE FOLLOWING POINTS:
ELBERTON, GA., Wednesday, August 19th, at 10 a. m.
ROYSTON, GA., Thursday, August 20th, at 10 a. m.
LAWRENCEVILLE, GA., Wednesday, August 26th, at 10 a. m.
MILLEN, GA., Sept. 2nd. LOUISVILLE, GA., Sept. 3rd.
IDYL WILD, Johnson Co., GA., Sept. 4th. ALBANY, GA, Sept. 9th.
BAINBRIDGE, GA., Sept. 10th. QUITMAN, GA., Sept. 11th.
A regular schedule of Mr. Watson’s speeches will be printed in the Jef
fersonian during the campaign, and every voter in Georgia will be given an
opportunity to near him.
THE JEFERSONIAN.
posted as to what is being done. The Ala
bama Populist, published at Selma, Ala., is
our official organ, and all Alabamians should
do something toward increasing its circulation.
Send for a sample copy. Then subscribe and
get others interested. It is absolutely neces
sary that we keep in close touch, and we can
not do it without some medium, so give the
Alabama Populist your support.
We know our principles are right; we know
our candidate for president is the brainiest
and best man in America; we know we have
always made a clean fight, never surrender
ing one inch of ground—what have we to be
ashamed of?
Let us poll a big vote for Populism.
J. ROY M’GINTY.
Opelika, Ala., Aug. 14, 1908.
THE POPULIST PAPER THAT “RODE
THE STORM.’’
The Missouri World, published weekly at
Chillicothe, Mo., is a straight Populist paper,
and always has been; it is the only Populist
paper that rode the storm which swept out of
existence the many hundred of reform papers
that were published in 1896; it is not a. local
paper, publishes no local news, but each week
gives the telegraphic news and markets; is as
good for one state as another and circulates
in all the states. Three-fourths of the dele
gates to the recent Populist national conven
tion were subscribers to the Missouri World,
some of them having been subscribers evei'
since the paper was established over nineteen
years ago by Dixon & Lankford, who are still
its editors and publishers. The World has
been a supporter of Mr. Watson ever since
he was in Congress, wanted him nominated
for President in 1896 and helped nominate him
in 1904 and this year. Its subscription price
is 50 cents a year (52 copies). Send stamps,
cash, order, draft, or your check. Unregistered
letter at publishers’ risk.
Address,
The Missouri World,
Chillicothe, Mo.
(The Jeffersonian will forward subscrip
tions to the World. In writing the Jefferson
ian just enclose 50 cents and you will get the
World a year.)
ATTENTION, COMRADES!
The Jeffersonian would be glad to have
brief letters from all parts of the country,
telling us what the Pops are doing. If
we knew our own strength, we would
have more confidence.
Don't wait for the National Committee,
nor the State Committe.
CALL A COUNTY MEETING AND
START THE BALL TO ROLLING.
If you have no county chairman, let a
volunteer act. SEND OUT A CALL,
ADVERTISE IT WELL, INVITE
SOME LOCAL SPEAKER, AND GET
STARTED.
Bryan may have killed our party in
the West, but he has not killed it in the
South. And if we can poll a million votes
in the South, Bryanism will lose its hold
in the West, and 1912 will witness a gen
uine reform movement that will unite
the two great agricultural sections
against the predatory capitalism of the
East.
Now that Bryan has gone over to the
Wall Street element, and has written a
platform which is nothing more than a
blurred imitation of Taft, it should be
possible to resurrect the reform move
ment which Bryan and fusion buried.
PAGE FIVE