Armed guards stood at the gate and at the
front door of the mansion to keep out intrud
ers. and a guard stood at the tomb of Gen.
Jackson. But for this protection the Hermi
tage would have been wrecked and the relics
lost. Mrs. Jackson and Mrs. Adams wore very
grateful for the protection thus given by Gen.
Thomas, and for the politeness of the guards.
After Gen. Daniel E. Sickles lost a leg at
the Gettysburg battle, and when be had suffi
ciently recovered to do so, he visited the Her
mitage and spent a day there. He came near
being captured by Forrest’s cavalry. He
takes great interest in the effort of the Hermi
tage Association to raise $15,000 so that the
reli'cs of Gen. Jackson may forever be pre
served at the Hermitage.
After the close of the war the Legislature
considered what should be done with the Her
mitage. It was then in care of two forlorn
old ladies who had been bereaved by the loss
of their sons in the war, and the present Col.
Andrew Jackson surviving. These old ladies
since their mature years had never known any
other home but the Hermitage. They peti
tioned the Legislature to allow them to con
tinue their residence there, which was done,
successive Legislatures for nearly twenty
years concurring, and permitting Mrs. Sarah
Jackson, Mrs. Marian Adams and Col. An
drew Jackson, the only surviving son of Gen.
Jackson’s adopted son. to remain tenants at
will on the Hermitage farm. The Legislature
felt sympathy for these old ladies, whom it
was difficult to remove in their infirmities.
Mrs. Adams died, and her sister, Mrs. Jack
son, died in 1887. leaving the - son. Col. An
drew Jackson, and her family the sole occu
pants of the Hermitage. The Legislature in
1889 again took up the matter of the disposi
tion of the Hermitage. A meeting was held
in Nashville, participated in by the leading
citizens, which resulted in the formation of
the Ladies’ Hermitage Association. The Leg
islature reorganized the association by con
veying to its care, through a Board of Trus
tees, the Hermitage mansion and buildings,
the tombs of Gen. Jackson and the Jackson
family, and the twenty-five acres of ground
surrounding them, to preserve, perpetuate, and
beautify, and to keep them throughout all
coming ages as a memorial to the great man
who sleeps there beneath the sod.
In this w’ork the association has called to its
aid patriotic ladies in every Slate of the
Union, and has invoked assistance from all
who take pride in Gen. Andrew Jackson’s,
memory, and contributions from the whole
country for the preservation of the Hermitage
and its belongings, where Gen. Jackson re
sider from 1804 to 1845, where he died, and
where is now his tomb. Everything in the
mansion and about the Hermitage grounds is
enshrined with his memory. When weary and
worn with the hardships of military life,
when wounded by personal enmities, when de
pressed by the cares of State, and released
from the Presidential chair, he returned to the
Hermitage, and when its doors closed on him
he found that peace, rest, and contentment
which were impossible in the midst of the
stormy conflicts of the exciting public life
which he led, and here he died; and now
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
that “ life’s fitful fever is over,” here sleeps
the hero of many battles and the great states
man who had been the seventh President of
the great republic. By his side sleeps his
faithful wife, of whom he said. “Heaven will
be no heaven to me unless my wife be there.”
and beside her “grandpa” sleeps she who in
her youth was little Rachel, who was wont io
take a long ride over the farm perched upon
the saddle in front of the General on his old
white horse, Sam Patch. It was Gen. Jack
son’s habit, after he returned from Washing
ton from the eight years of his Presidency,
to go every evening just at twilight to his
wife’s tomb in ihe garden, and meditate and
commune silently with the dead and his God.
\\ hen Rachel and her young brother were at
Ihe tomb they never interrupted “grandpa’’
by their presence there, as it came to be un
derstood that he desired then to be left en
tirely alone. There in’the fading twilight lie
woiild bow his head, and who can tell what
thoughts came to him there, when alone in.the
presence of God and the dead. He had al
ways reverenced such things. He built the
little Hermitage brick church, still standing,
wherein he and his wife, their guests, and
neighbors worshipped their God.
The fireplace of the Mansion is one of those
old-fashioned yawning caverns that holds a
quarter of a cord of wood for a single fire.
The large brass andirons are ornamented with
a pair of lions. Sitting about the fire one
night in Jackson’s later years a guest re
marked to him: “Those lions were typical
of you in your youth. Now they ought to bo
changed to lambs.” The remark was apropos.
The lionlike impetuosity of Jackson’s earlier
life mad changed into gentleness and docili
ty in age. and, solaced by Rachel, his grand
child, by Mrs. Sarah Jackson, his “dear
daughter,” as he always called her, and his
adopted son, Andrew Jackson, Jr., his great
heart was filled with peace and affection. Life
at the Hermitage was not dull, for all the dis
tinguished men who came to Nashville came
io visit him. Among his guests was Gen.
Lafayette, who presented his snuff box "as a
souvenir of his visit. This is among the Her
mitage relics which the association desires to
buy and keep.
Among these relics is an exquisite porce
lain miniature of Mrs. De Witt Clinton, who
sent it to Jackson with a letter, also in the
relics, stating that in her opinion he needed
some one to cheer him in his declining yeaVs,
and if agreeable to him, she would willingly
be that person. Martin Van Buren was there
when the miniature and letter arrived, and
Jackson handed them to Van Buren, with the
jocose remark, “You are a rising young man
of taste, and the offer would be more appro-s
priate to you than to me.”
Healy’s portrait of Jackson is in the col
lection. Louis Philippe sent Healy to paint
portraits of Gen. Jackson and other distin
guished Americans. He arrived at the Her
mitage five days before Gen. Jackson’s death.
The General, being feeble and his daughter
not present, declined to see him. Healy
was standing at the front door, and the col
ored man who answered the ring said, with
much pomp and ceremony: “Does you wish
io see de Gineral, sah;” Healy explained
his errand, and the colored man imparted the
message to Jackson thus: “He wants to
paint your portrait, sah.” “Tell him 1 can
not see him today,” said the General. Healy,
on receiving the message, thought his mission
was a failure, and that he had come thousands
of miles only to be disappointed al last. The
excited artist, taking in the situation, rushed
by old George, dashed into the General’s
room, and* threw himself upon his knees im
ploringly at Jackson’s feet. The General
thought a lunatic was before him, and as
Healy excitedly and rapidly began to explain
his mission, the impression was strength
ened. With a return of his oldtime vigor and
sternness Gen. Jackson said: •'Rise, sir.”
This cheeked Healy's impetuosity, and be
thinking him of his papers he thrust his hand
into his pocket and produced letters from his
sovereign and his instructions to obtain the
portrait. Gon. Jackson read them patiently,
md, turning to the artist, said: “Let. me ad
vise you never to forget your credentials.”
The sittings were given, and the splendid and
last portrait of Jackson, though that of a
peaceful old man, is the most striking ever
taken and of great value, for he was then on
the verge of ihe other world. •»
This bedroom of Gen. Jackson’s is a most
interesting spot, and it is still there with
all its massive mahogany furniture and nu
merous belongings, arranged as they were on
the day he died. In this room are the ex
quisite portraits of little Rachel and the other
members of his family. In other parts of the
house are portaits of his military family, Gen.
Coffee, Lieut. Eaton, Dr. Bronaught, and oth
ers, in all twenty-seven portraits and pictures.
It is in part to preserve in the Hermitage in
tact forever such mementos of Jackson that
the association was organized. A beautiful
miniature of Jackson at 21 years of age shows
him as a comely youth, fair-haired and hand
some. Among the relics is the pen with which
Jackson signed the great veto, a manuscript
copy of the original • message, the piece of
candle found in Lord Cornwallis’ tent at the
surrender of Yorktown, the clothing, jewelry,
and personal belongings of Jackson at the
time of his death, his watch, chain, seal, ring,
topaz breirstpin, gold pen, pencil, etc. There
are many relics showing his connection with
the Masonic fraternity, his Masonic apron
and regalia, certificate of membership in the
Hibernian society of Philadelphia, 1819, etc.
His stove pipe hat, well preserved, is too large
to fit almost any one who should try it on.
showing that he had a bushel of brains
The chair of Gen. Washington, used by him
for thirty years in his office, was presented to
Jackson, and has been in the Hermitage for
over half a century. It is a round armed chair
upholstered with leather. The greatest vigi
lance is necessary to prevent visitors from
slicing off bits from the chair and from the
beautiful Bth of January mantel, which was
worked on only on the Bth of Jan. until com
pleted. It was presented on the Bth of Jan
uary. and has occupied a prominent place in
the building of the mansion. A wire screen
now protects the mantel, which is in the din
ing room. —The Sun.
PAGE FIFTEEN