The Ad Man's Galley
By fames Lanier.
On another page yon will find an
announcement of a prize of fifty
post cards that we are offering for
the best letter written by a boy, and
another prize of fifty post cards for
the best letter written by a girl, to
be mailed to the Jeffersonian Post
Card Club, Thomson, Ga., in the next
two weeks. The letters must be
plainly written, on one side of the
pajper, and contain not more than sis
. ty words.
We are doing this because we believe
boys and girls ought to learn to write
pleasant, readable letters. The mod
ern way of doing everything in a
hurry is spoiling our digestions, our'
tempers and our intellects. The long,
friendly, leisurely, conversational let
ters of our daddies and grandmothers
are passing into forgetfulness. Yet
they were very charming. Today, our
children are in such a hurry to read
that they have not time to spell.
TO THE BOYS AND GIRLS.
Let us say that we want you to
write naturally, just as you talk.
Don’t use long words, or try to write
“like a book.” It’s the short, sharp,
snappy sentences That count. And
don’t write a word until you have
something to say —something in your
mind that is worth telling to some
body else, either to make them feel
better, or to amuse or instruct. Write
as if you were writing to a boy or
girl friend. We are not strangers—
you and I. We are all kinfolks.
WE WILL PRINT YOUR LETTERS
So that others may read them; and
you will have to do your best, for the
sharpest critics in the world are boys
and girls. Remember, we would
rather have a good, bright letter of
twenty words than a poor letter of
fifty words. And not more than fifty
words will be allowed. If you go
over that, you’re out.
SUBSCRIPTIONS.
At this time of the year there are
a great many subscriptions expiring.
We know money is tight. To many
of our subscribers a dollar is as big
as a cart wheel just now, and we
want to say to all those who feel
that they cannot spare the money for
another year. Write to us and tell us
about it frankly, and we will make
you an offer by which you can get
your paper or magazine free for the
next twelve months. It is a straight
business proposition, and you must
not feel that you are asking a favor.
OTHER PUBLICATIONS.
We have clubbing arrangements
eTHE GREATEST BARGAIN EVER
We are going to send 5,000 of these embroidery outfits to the first 5,000 persons
asking for them merely at cost of handling, They contain 6 Linen Doilies, with
silk to complete: 1 Linen Collar and Cuff Set; 6 packages special Embroiders
Needles. All first quality. We will send Farm News, the biggest little paper In tne
world for the farm home, on trial four months for 8 cents. Send 7 cents for the
dollies and 8 cents for a trial subscription, 15 cents in all. Either offer separately
if desired. Address FARM NEWS, 248' Washington St., Springfield, O.
wr«l>r> OQR Wil I RRIMR Yfill ton! lntr<xlnc '°° nr l am oUH Sc. CirarHwo otter FREE,
w*r« J J HILL DrilllU IUU 4>ZUI all of the following: One $2 Stem Wind and Sei
" ™ " lekel Wateh, One $lO Stem W ind and Set Gold FlUed, Engraved, Full Jeweled Watch, Case Guar- *
• anteed 20 Years and Movements Tear* and One Hollow Ground $3 Haior. All we auk la IM
Your consent to ship 100 “Straight se. Cigar,” C. O. D. by express and allow fall examina
t,on> We 1 nclude 1 n the same package FREE, the two Watches and Razor described above.
If yOU conßl<ler the whole outtlt worth *20.00 then pay the express agent |4.95 (less than
the retail value of the Cigars alone )and he will deliver you the whole lot, otherwise refuse * *
a . nd keep yonr “ one y« We tßke 811 th* risk. Return this ad. State if we must send
Ladies’ or Gents’ watches. Name Express Office. G. 8. CIGAR HOUSE, WINSTON, N. C. H Jl9 ~*"
M\s
with every magazine and paper of
importance in the United States, and
you can save money by ordering your
periodicals at the same time that you
send in your subscription or renewal
to the Jeffersonians. Tell us what
you want, and we will give you the
lowest figures.
PREMIUM BOOKS.
We are glad to see that a number
of our readers are taking advantage
of our offer to give any of Mr. Wat
son’s books as premiums for subscrip
tions to the Jeffersonians. The
points that Mr. Watson discusses and
explains in his “Life and Speeches”
and “Handbook of Politics” are
points that are assuming startling
prominence, and the man who wishes
to understand and talk about these
questions intelligently must read those
two books, or miss the gist of the
whole matter. They are encyclope
dias of modern political and social
fallacies and beliefs.
( Life and Speeches of
Thos. E. Watson
Mr. Watson tells us the story of his
life. His gallant fight for reform is
told in his speeches, which cover ev
ery social, political and economic ques
tion that has come to the front in the
last thirty years. The subjects that
are now prominent in the people’s
mind, —Child Labor, National Finance,
the Tariff system, National Banks, the
Government Ownership of Railroads —
are treated exhaustively.
Bound in cloth, illustrated. Price,
$1.50.
Given as a Premium
For three subscriptions to the Jef
fersonian Magazine at SI.OO each, or
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at SI.OO.
DEAFNESS CURED
By New Discovery
°I have de
monstrated
that deafness
can be cured.”
—Dr. Guy Clif
ford Powell
The secret of how to use the mysterious and in
visible nature forces for the cure of Deafness and
Head Noises has at last been discovered by the
famous Physician - Scientist, Dr. Guy Clifford
Powell. Deafness and Head Noises disappear as
if by magic under the use of this new and wonder
ful discovery. He will send all who suffer from
Deafness and Head Noises full information how
they can be cured, absolutely free, no matter how
long they have been deaf, or what caused their
deafness. This marvelous Treatment is so simple,
natural and certain that you will wonder why it
was not discovered before. Investigators are as
tonished and cured patients themselves marvel
at the quick results. Any deaf person can have
full information how to be cured quickly and cur
ed to stay cured at home without investing a cent.
Write today to Dr. Guy Clifford Powell, 4016
Bank Bldg., Peoria, 111., and get full information
of this new and wonderful discovery absolutely
free.
(sl)e 3effersonidß
Great Clubbing and Premium Offer!
Read this Offer very Carefully
Because of a special favorable arrangement we are able to offer our
readers this remarkable offer:
Weekly Jeffersonian One Year a
Up-to-Date Farming One Year All rOf
Fifty Beautiful, Entertaining
and Instructive Post Cards wj 1
Membership in the Up-to-Date Jn B
Post Card Exchange J **
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming famous,
because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profitably. Our read
ers can well afford to subscribe for it as with the two papers they will get a
BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and marketing.
The post cards are known as a “TRIP AROUND THE WORLD." There
are fifty of them, all beautifully printed in colors and contain the most in
teresting, domestic and foreign views. To give an idea of this valuable set
we will imagine we are going to take a trip around the world in souvenir
post cards, and below are named the places we will visit and what we will
see:
Os
g war
Where We Go What We See Where We Go What We See
1. Chicago, Lincoln Park. 26. Paris, Notre Dame Cathe-
2. Chicago, Stock Yards. T , , T >, <lral ' „
3. Indianapolis, State Capital. HdtabXulb
4. St. Louis, Reservoir Park. 29. Denmark, Copenhagen.
5. Colorado, Royal Gorge. 30. Norway, Christiania.
6. Yellowstone Pk„ Hot Springs. g; ge°"nany, cStle^f“tie Rhine.
7. Los Angeles, Palmetto Avenue. 33. Germany, Cologne Cathedral.
8. California, Famous Big Tree. 34. Switzerland, Falls of the Rhine.
9. Manitoba, Harvest Scenes. 35. France, M y?ew arl °’ General
10. Quebec, Winter Scenes. 36 Franee Monte Carlo, The Ca
ll. New York, Niagara Falls. ' 1 iauce ’ gino
12. Buffalo, Lafayette Square. 37. Egypt, Boats on the Nile.
13. Buffalo, Ho™ Historical So- Egypti Rock Temple at Abu
14. New York City, Wall Street. tv./h o Calcutta, Eden Gar-
15. Brooklyn, Brooklyn Bridge. lnclla ’ den.
16. New York City, Central Park. 40. China, Harbor of Hong Kong
17 Brooklyn Sheepshead Bay Ra- 41 china, Shanghai, Nankin
* J ’ ces. Road.
18. Havana, Moro Castle. 42. China, General View, Can-
19. Panama, Colon. ton.
20. Panama, Panama Canal. 43. China, Pekin.
91 a nqln Bull Fight at Valen- 44. Manchuria, Mukden.
°P <UU » C la. 45. Manchuria, Liaoyang, Battlefield.
99 Pnrtmrnl General View of Lis- 46. Japan, Tokio, Street Scene.
22. loitugai, bon. 47. Japan> Tokio, Tea House.
23. Portugal, Fountain of Leiria. 48. Japan, Kyota, Tea House.
24. France, Palace of Versailles. 49. Philippine Isis., Manila.
25. Paris, Arch of Triumph. 50. Philippine Isis., Cebu.
Don’t you want this great set of cards? It will be the gem of your col
lection, or you may have great satisfaction in using them in correspondence
with your friends.
The Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is the only one of its kind in the'
country. It has many thousand members all over the United States and in
some foreign countries. Get your address on this exchange and you will re
ceive postal cards from many fine people, and by sending to them many
agreeable correspondents may be secured. If you are a member of the ex
change it will give you the opportunity to employ many otherwise idle mo
ments pleasantly, and, perhaps, profitably.
Fill out and mail the coupon promptly, better do it today. Everything
will be sent at once.
— -J
Cut off here
Publisher of Weekly Jeffersonian:
Please send Weekly Jeffersonian and Up-to-Date Farming one year and
stop the papers then If not renewed, also fifty Trip Around the World Post
Cards, and put my address In the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange, as per
your offer.
I enclosefor the same.
Name
R. RP. O.
County State
PAGE THIRTEEN