PAGE EIGHT
dje Jeffersonian,
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta, Ga., January i 1, 1907. as second cxass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. 14 Oct. 21, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Ship Subsidy Thieves
The Merchant Marine League is flooding
the country with its plausible literature, and
the lobbyists of “the interests” are talking the
heads off lots of honest people. The com
bination is perhaps irresistible. The Steel
Trust, the transcontinental railroads and the
American shipbuilders have apparently
promised higher wages in the shipyards, pro
vided the raid on the Treasury is successful;
hence we see the Northern labor unions lock
ing shields 'with the capitalists.
The Steel Trust clears bigger profits every
year than the millions of agricultural workers
ever cleared in any year. (Don't take my
word for that; just analyze the official figures
in the United States statistical abstract.)
What the railroads make is easily learned;
they not only clear enormous sums on actual
valuation and investment, but they manage to
float fully twelve billion dollars of fictitious
capita] ization—watered stock.
As to the men employed in shipyards, they
already enjoy the eight-hour day and a very
good wage.
Now, let us reason together, calmly and
earnestly.
The government is asked to take money out
of the common treasury and pay it over to
those transcontinental railroads that own lines
of ocean-going steamers.
Aho will be benefited"? The few who are
engaged in shipbuilding, either as employers
or as employees; the few who are owners of
railroads and steamships; the few who oper
ate the Steel Trust.
Whose money will be given to these favored
few? Yours. You are the common people
who, in paying unnatural prices for the neces
saries and comforts of life, put one dollar in
the national treasury and five dollars into the
pockets of such concerns as the Steel Trust
every time you buy twelve dollars worth of
goods.
The Steel Trust not only does not pay any
Federal tax, but levies one on all the people,
and the amount is generally something like a
hundred million dollars a year. Its fervent
affection for “the flag” is revealed in the fact
that all other nations can purchase Steel
Trust products at about half the price that
we who live under “the flag” are forced to
pay.
The railroads pay no tribute to the manu
facturers, for the simple reason that these cor
porations have the power to levy such freight
and passenger rates that the patrons of the
roads are made to pay the railroad taxes. If
these corporations are not allowed to earn six
per cent, above all expenses, the courts hold
that their property has been “confiscated”.
The few laborers engaged in the shipyards
have to pay tribute to the manufacturers just
as you do, but the amount paid by this hand
ful of men is not a drop in the bucket in
comparison with the tremendous total.
That total amounts to eight per cent, clear
profit on the capital invested, plus nearly two
thousand millions of dollars.
tsl)e 3effersonian
Think of that! The protected manufac
turers, after setting aside net dividends of
eight per cent., divide among themselves
about two billion dollars every year.
As already explained, none of this huge sum
comes from the Steel Trust or the railroads.
Only a mite comes from the wage-earners of
the shipyards.
Practically every 'dollar of it comes out of
the pockets of those who are not protected
from foreign competition. The great bulk of
it is taken from the unfavored millions en
gaged in agricultural pursuits.
And the ship subsidy proposition means
that the specially privileged are to get another
governmental favor at the expense of the over
burdened farmers.
Pretending to be in agony because of the
disappearance of “the flag” from the high
seas, the beneficiaries of class-legislation cool
ly demand the right to use public funds to
replace the marine which their blessed tariff
destroyed.
If they are so very patriotic, why don't
they sell us their goods at the prices made to
foreign countries? When Oliver, of “chilled
plow” fame, died a few months ago it was
found that his estate amounted to sixty mil
lion dollars; the result of a tariff system
which enabled him to charge his fellow
countrymen one hundred dollars for the same
plows that South America got from him at
sixty dollars.
Men of that sort care nothing for “the flag”.
What they want is your money.
Ts they are so agonized about “the flag’’,
why don't they remove part of the custom
house duty from cargoes imported in Ameri
can bottoms?
Or, why.don't they allow the merchant to
buy and man his vessel where and how he
pleases?
Either of these simple plans would imme
diately put “the flag" back on the seas from
whence it was driven by our diabolical fiscal
and navigation laws.
x g]
Ask Your Congressman
(Number Three)
(1.) The national bankers have the free use
of eleven million four hundred and forty-four
thousand dollars of your money on collateral,
which consists of railroad bonds, city bonds
and State bonds. (On other collateral they
have twenty-seven million dollars more.)
A few years ago when the Farmers’ Alli
ance asked for government loans of govern
ment money, at two per cent, interest, on land
ed security, we were laughed at. Congress,
however, takes your money out of the Treas
ury and lends it, without interest, to the na
tional banker, on the security of railway
bonds.
Did your Congressman oppose this law
when it was on its passage? Has he made
any effort to repeal it? Has he not been in
dustriously getting some of the swag for the
national bankers of his own district? Has he
not been hard at work getting your public
money into the private business of his friends,
the national bankers of the towns and cities?
/INA' him.
(2.) Congress rules Washington City, mak
ing the laws which govern it. In your na
tional capital the intermarriage of whites and
blacks is lawful. Such marriages occur fre
quently. Congress could prohibit them. Has
your Congressman been doing all in his power
to secure the passage of an act that would
penalize such marriages?
ASK HIM.
(3.) An ecclesiastical lobby has for many
years been at work in Washington, seeking
to establish permanent relations between the
Catholic Church and your national treas
ury. This lobby works Congress for appro
priations for Catholic institutions. It has
been wonderfully successful.
Congress seldom adjourns without having
violated the fundamental principles upon
which the government is founded by giving
public money to the Catholic Church. Con
gress took no action when Roosevelt turned
nearly five hundred thousand dollars of In
dian money to Catholic sectarian schools.
Congress did nothing when Archbishop Ire
land influenced the government to build
Young Men’s Christian Association halls for
the negroes who are at work on the Panama
Canal. The government is now taking your
money and using it to support hundreds of
priests and nuns and four Catholic churches
in the Canal Zone.
This is the thin edge of the wedge, split
ting our historic policy of separation of
Church and State.
Has your Congressman raised his voice in
protest against this misappropriation of your
money? Does he not consider that it is his
duty to at least speak out and denounce this
terribly dangerous precedent?
ASK HIM.
[X X X
How to Enforce Prohibition Laws
Where the sale of intoxicating liquor is
made criminal there are, necessarily, two par
ties to the crime, because it takes two to make
a sale. One man can commit a murder or a
theft, but one man can not commit a violation
of the prohibition law.
The buyer who makes an illegal purchase
of the stuff knows that he is a party to a
crime. Why not deal with him accordingly,
and penalize the purchase? The enactment
of such a law would make it easy for the de
tective, or the vigilant policeman, to do the
rest. The law punishes both parties where a
vote is sold; it ought to punish both parties
when the prohibition law is violated.
As an alternative, another plan‘would do
the work: make it a misdemeanor for a man
to refuse to tell the authorities where he
bought his liquor.
Concealment of crime is itself of a criminal
nature, and no good citizen will be guilty of
it. If men who are in possession of whisky—
or whose condition makes it clear that they
have recently drunk some—knew that they
would have to go to the chaingang for refus
ing to tell where they got it, there would be *
few who would patronize the blind-tiger.
Either of these plans would be better than
the searching of private houses.
m [m[ [Si
They Should Set Mr. Duckworth
Right
Tn his Union News of last week, Mr. R. F.
Duckworth has another ringing editorial
against the proposed ship subsidy steal.
The Galveston News, the Houston Post and
the American Flag have been slandering Mr.
Duckworth by pretending that in the Farm
ers' Union Convention, which “almost unani
mously’ adopted the ship subsidy resolutions,
Mr. Duckworth made “an enthusiastic
speech” in support of those resolutions.
The journalistic traducers of Mr. Duck
worth ought to be ashamed of themselves.
They should be made to set him right. “Sick”
Ladson on ’em, Duck!
X [S] XI
Automatic and Concurrent
By some unaccountable stupidity a mem
ber of the Atlanta Journal's editorial staff
stated that when a citizen of Georgia paid
his taxes he was “automatically registered”.
Os course it is hard to believe that Mr. Hoke
own paper would wilfully deceive the
subscriber, 'who is supposed to be a Smith
man.
But the Journal did print a statement
which was calculated to make every one of its
Georgia adult male subscribers lose his vote.
I had not examined the law myself, and when