PAID BOTH PARTIES.
New York, April 20—Having- applied a sub
stantial eoat of whitewash to the American
Ice Company, better known as the Ice Trust, a
few weeks ago, the special grand jury, which
was dismissed yesterday by Justice Dowling
with the “thanks of the court,” gave a much
thicker coat of whitewash to the Metropolitan
Street Railway Company, and all its officers,
including Thomas Fortune Ryan and H. H.
Vreeland. This latest legal vindication of the
street railway company came in the form of
a long presentment to which was attached the
record of the testimony taken before the spe
cial grand jury in regard to all the matters
inquired into by that body.
It was brought out that 11. 11. Vreeland had
handed twenty SI,OOO bills in an envelope to
ex-Congressman Lemuel Ely Quigg with in
structions to give the money to Governor
Odell, as Republican state leader.
On the very same day Mr. Vreeland handed
another envelope containing sixteen SI,OOO
bills to “a messenger, name unknown,” and
that the only instructions Mr. Vreeland gave
to the messenger were to deliver the money at
Tammany Hall.
Who got the money is not made public. Mr.
Vreeland told the grand jurors that he could
not recall the affair.
Done Just Before An Election.
All these transctions took place a few days
before the fall election of 1903.
A year before that Mr. Vreeland gave $60,-
000 out of the funds of the Metropolitan
Street Railway Company to William C. Whit
ney, who wanted the money for political pur
poses.
How the money was expended is not stated.
Mr. Vreeland swears he did not question Mr.
Whitney, and Mr. Whitney being dead the
grand jury was unable to get any information
on that subject.
Concerning this money it was testified that
Mr. Vreeland was opposed to its payment, but
that Mr. Ryan was in favor of making such
campaign contributions out of the coffers of
the Metropolitan Street Railway Company, and
that Mr. Ryan’s opinion prevailed. There
was no evidence that these payments had been
authorized by the Board of Directors.
THE COTTON FARMER WASTING HIS
TALENTS.
You may call this a sermon, but it is nec
essary to preach and exhort men if we are
ever to reform them. It seems to me that the
cotton farmers learn Ijess from experience
than any class of men in the country. They
“bear” their own market by putting tenants
in the crops to deplete the soil and raise weak
cotton in competition with them, and think
that the cotton they get in this way is all gain,
when it is really taking money out of the
crop they grow themselves. There would be
less scarcity of labor, and it would be better
for the croppers to work for wages than to
scratch the soil in the usual way on shares,
carried by merchants at a high percentage. —
Progressive Farmer.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
TWO HUNDRED-.
FOWLS IN COLORS "1
— 1
WHAT THE POULTRY FANCIERS HAVE BEEN
WANTING FOR MANY YEARS
COLORED Pictures of all varieties of Poultry, Turkeys, Ducks and Geese will appear in the B
American Poultry Journal beginning with the February number. You can get these
by subscribing for American Poultry Journal, 50c a year, or still better, if you tell your B
friends about these pictures and get two or more subscribers, we will make each one of you the B
cut price of 35c a year. r You probably already know the merits of American Poultry Journal, as
it is known everywhere, being the oldest poultry paper in the United States and having the larg
est circulation, 60,000 monthly. We spare no expense to make American Poultry Journal the
best. " For two years we have been preparing this magnificent work, and it has cost us nearly B
$5,000.00. Never before in the history of the poultry business have all recognized varieties of B
poultry, turkeys, ducks and geese been pictured in colors and assembled in one harmonious
I series of illustrations. Poultrymen have wanted and demanded these for years, but no other B
Poultry Journal has dared to undertake it; not even the American Poultry Association, although B
the demand from poultrymen for colored pictures is so strong that it is now talked that the
American Poultry Association will have colored pictures of fowls in the Standard some time in B
the future. *Send in your subscription today and start with the February number, so that you
will secure the complete set of these beautiful colored pictures. Address all orders to
American Poultry Journal Pub. Co., 117 So. Clinton St., Chicago, 111. I
if
Bigger ■
Cotton Yields Per Acre f
ByW®- The value of commercial fertilizers has /Lr
been demonstrated over and over again by
b°th government and private comparative
tests. We stand ready to demonstrate to • i
WW y° u at an y thne that the surest way to “in- 3
ft crease your yields per acre” is to use
ip Vnwnia-Carolina |
W Fertilizers
Hon. R. J. Redding, former Director of the Geor- eg
. gia Exp. Station, is authority for the statement that
“experiments made at this station show that well jKI
balanced commercial fertilizer applied to one acre
of land, and well cultivated, may be reasonably ex
pected to produce an increase of yield of seed
cotton. At the present price of cotton this would
F* */y mean a large extra profit (for both lint and seed), B
/? y/ after deducting the price for fertilizer.” a
/ You’ll find reports of many other comparative ‘W
| tests, together with much valuable information con-
cern ’ n g land culture in the new Virginia-Carolina
Year Book or Almanac. Ask you local fertilizer
dealer for a copy—or we’ll send you one «
f ree ’ y° U wr * te Our nearest £a ’ es office. yf
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Richmond, Va. Durham, N.C.
Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S. C. 1
ft’tVvV- Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md.
Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga.
// Savannah, Ga. Montgomery, Ala.
I Memphis, Tenn. » JraFjjr
S ’'% Shreveport, La.
< -Jar
PAGE FIFTEEN