PAGE SIXTEEN
NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS!
To any subscriber of the Jefferson
ian wishing to make an investment
we refer you to Larchmont Farm, a
New York corporation, whose adver
tisement appears on another page.
FI S H
Drop us a card and we will put
you on to something with which you
can turn your neighbor green with
envy by catching dead loads of them
in streams where he has become dis
gusted trying to catch them the old
fashioned way. It’s something new
and cheap. It catches at all seasons
—something no other tackle will do.
It will tickle you to see it catch
house and musk rats. Illustrated
catalogue of prices and testimonials
for the asking.
We are sole manufacturers of the cele
brated Double Muzzle Wire Fish Baskets.
Our sale covers over 20 states. We pay
the freight on one dozen or more nets.
EUREKA FISH NET CO.,
DON’T SEND ME A O ENT.
®s I am going to give away at least one
hundred-thousand pairs of the Dr. Haux
famous “Perfect Vision” Spectacles to genuine,
bona-fide spectacle-wearers, in tho next few
weeks—on one easy, simple condition.
I want you to thoroughly try them on your
own eyes, no matter how weak they may be,
read the finest print in your bible with them
on, thread the smallest eyed needle you can
get hold of and put them to any test you like
jn your own home as long as you please.
Then after you have become absolutely and
positively convinced that they are really and
truly the softest, clearest and beat-fitting
glasses you have ever had on your eyes and if
they honestly make you see just as well as you
ever did in your younger days you can keep
them forever without a cent of pay and
JUST DQ ME A. GOOD TURN
by showing them around to your neighbors
and friends and speak a good word for them
everywhere, at every opportunity.
Won’t you help mo introduce the wonderful
Dr. Haux “Perfect Vision” Spectacles in your
locality on this easy, simple condition?
If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle
wearer (no children need apply) and want to
do me this favor, write me at once and just say:
“Dear Doctor: —Mail me your Perfect Home
Eye Tester, absolutely free of charge, also full
Particulars of your handsome 10-karat ROU42S°U)
pectacle Offer,” and address me personally
and I will give your letter my own personal
attention, Address:—Dr. Haux, (Personal),
Haux Building, Louis, M©.
NOTB: —Tho above is the largest Mail Order Spec
tacle House in the world and is perfectly reliable.
Best Kidney Medicine
Send 25 cents in stamps for SI.OO
worth of the best kidney medicine on
earth, sent prepaid. Makes you feel
young again. Dr. John T. Patterson,
Atlanta, Ga.
THE GAINESVILLE ELEVATOR
Leading Weekly in Richest
Part of Middle Florida . .
Only SI.OO a Year Gainesville, Fla.
IF YOU ARE
ANTI-CATHOLIC
Subscribe now to the AMERICAN
WHIP, Lancaster, Pa.
Price: 50c a Year.
CLUBS
We Club the Weekly Jeffersonian
WITH
Atlanta Constitution
(trl-weekly) $1.50
Atlanta Georgian (daily) . . . 4.50
Farmers’ Union News. .... 1.50
Royston Record 1.25
Progressive Farmer 1.15
Cotton Journal 1.50
Brann’s Iconoclast 1.10
Wilshire’s Magazine 1.10
Southern Ruralist 1.10
Commoner 1.10
The Farmer’s Voice 1.10
Uncle Remus’s Magazine. . . . 1.10
wards,” she interrupted in a low
tone.
She sat down and motioned him to
a chair opposite.
‘‘And your father?” she went on,
after a little, ‘‘you bring a message
from him?”
‘‘His last. He was fatally injured
in a skirmish just one year ago, and
succumbed almost immediately. By
his request, too, I have kept up the
letters. It was his most earnest wish
that I do so until the time came when
I should have the chance to come in
person and. explain all.” A sudden
graveness came into his expression
and he looked away for a second.
For some time, neither spoke.
Finally, the girl looked up and
met young Camden’s glance fixed
upon her in keen scrutiny. A wave
of color went over her face and her
eye-lids flickered and fell.
The other drew a long breath, in
voluntarily. He looked at Dolly with
an odd questioning. The charm of
their peculiar relation, like some
subtle perfume, began to steal
through his veins. He had risen and
come nearer to her.
‘‘ln some mysterious way, Fate
has drawn us very close together,
Dolly,” he said, using the name all
unconsciously and with the quick,
winning smile that belonged so much
to his father.
She encountered his odd gaze
again, quite suddenly. Her eyes,
which he held determinedly, were
humid, as were her parted lips. She
made him no audible reply, but there
was a fleeting look in whose tran
sience he caught the responsive
spark he had already dared hope for.
‘‘And I may come to see you of
ten —just as a means of proving to
Fate that I am not unappreciative?”
he pursued, his eyes a strange mix
ture of banter and intense eagerness.
‘‘As often as you like, by all
means,” she returned, her gaze as
clear as crystal now. “They were
very, very dear to each other and for
the sake of their love, I trust we shall
be good friends.”
A little inscrutable look came into
young Camden’s eyes as he pressed
her hand and turned to go.
‘‘Not altogether for the sake of—-
theirs,” he reflected with decision.
Aloud he said.
“I shall, perhaps, be here indefi
nitely, Miss Nelson. Thank you very
much for your cordiality. Will you
be at home tomorrow evening?”
Self-Stiarpeninfj Shears EREE
/ ■ Mw
.... 1
dec.zz.isoo jr
' .1... I W S
-
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly subscription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine we will, if requested at the time, mail this handsome pair of patent tension,
self-sharpening shears, 8 inches long, made of the finest steel and beautifully finished.
On each dollar subscriptiion you can have your choice of the Watson knife or these shears, and if you subscribe
for both Jeffersonians, paying two dollars,we will, on request, send both premiums.
Jeffersonian
BOOKS BY THOS. E. WATSON
Story of France (2 volumes) Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the South Price 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson. .Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics. . .Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs.
Sketches from Roman History. ....... .Price .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo (just published) Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Farmers’ Union
Every member of the Farmer’s Union
should read the splendid plea of DANIEL
SULLY, THE COTTON KING, for or
ganized work among the cotton growers in
the JULY number of Watson's Jeffersonian
Magazine.
■ *■ ’■ s
TiieATLANTA DENTAL COLLEGE
tA School of Dentistry
By Dentists, For Dentists
Largest School in the State. t Leading School of the South
...... I . J ' ~ - - - - I I
Large New College Building, Com
-L plete New Library, New Practical Porcelain De
partment, Heavy Operatory Clinic, Exclusively White
Patients, Monthly Examinations and Daily Recita
tions, Central Location, Experienced Teachers and
Demonstrators.
Write forsouvenir catalog and further particulars to
- WILLIAM CRENSHAW, D.D,S., Dean, Box 401, Atlanta, Ga.
—i ii J
r \ MH " COMPLIMENTS OF
fe&OkoM WATSON W
editor of I
This is the knife which The Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for new subscriptions or re
newals to the magazine or weekly. It’s a beauty.