PAGE FOURTEEN
NEGROES IN GOVERNMENT SERVICE.
(Continued from Page Two.)
District of Columbia the proportion of ne
groes is not so pronounced, yet there are
5,567 of them on Uncle Sam’s pay rolls.
Eighteen of them receive annual salaries of
$2,500 and over. Twelve hundred of them
get more than SI,OOO a year.
Chiefly in Postoffice.
Outside the District the increase in colored
employes is chiefly in the postoffice depart
ment. Throughout the South more negroes
are taking the examinations for clerks and
carriers. And of course the administration
has been generous when it came to appoint
ments in the unclassified service.
Officials do not have much to say in regard
to the increasing number of colored employes
in the departments. In one way there is noth
ing to be said. The negroes take the exami
nations in open competition to win. That’s
all there is to it. Nobody is supposed to
know, when the examination paper of John
Smith comes to hand, whether said John Smith
is black or white. The papers are marked,
the averages listed and* the notifications sent
out to those who head the list.
A typical case came under the writer’s no
tice not long ago. An elevator boy was earn
ing S2O a month in an apartment house. He
was an intelligent negro, about 21. No white
man of that age, no matter what his educa
tion or ability, would have been contented a
week in such a job.
But the negro took it because he hadn’t
much choice anyway and because he would
not take the alternative of getting out and
tackling real hard labor. For all his clever
ness and his education, in fact, largely be
cause of them, he preferred his neat and easy
job at S2O rather than to earn two or three
times as much at some unpleasant work out
side.
In the meantime he did as the rest of the
young negroes were doing—took a civil ser
vice examination. Months went by, and sud
denly one day a notification came that George
B had been appointed elevator man in one
of the public buildings at a salary of $75 a
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
.. SUBSCRIBE TO- ..
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
Price 81.50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Oiler
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
month. He gets one month’s vacation with
pay each year and can take sick leave up to
a limit of one month, also with pay.
Well, he was as delighted as a white man
would have been with an appointment as
bank president. He will probably hold that
identical job for years and will bring up his
children in the nurture and love —not sea
of the government service.
Causes More or Less Friction.
So long as the negroes are occupying only
the so-called manual places there is no com
plaint, of course. There is no open objection
to them anyway. How can there be ? But
most every chief of a bureau knows that the
presence of negroes in the clerical branches of
the service causes more or less friction.
The whites are inclined to resent the pres
ence of the colored men, and the colored man
is apt to try to demonstrate his conviction of
his right to be there by a touch of aggressive
ness which only makes things worse. Old em
ployes—white of course —shake their heads ov
er the matter, and even an occasional bureau
chief will admit that there is danger of a race
problem in the government service. In the
meantime the negroes are peacefully prepar
ing for the examinations.
When it comes to presidential appointees
the negroes certainly have no cause to re
proach the present administration. Roose
velt has adhered to a persistent policy of ap
pointing colored men to offices to which, in
his opinion, their ability and services entitled
them. He has put them into the customs, into
the immigration service, into th© postal ser
vice.—New York Sun.
HELPED TO CAPTURE J. WILKES
BOOTH.
Colonel Andrew Wendell, one of the soldiers
who captured J. Wilkes Booth, the assassin
of Abraham Lincoln, and who was present
when Booth was shot, died at Chicago Feb
ruary 14. With the prize money he got from
the Government for the capture of Booth he
bought the home in which he died. He was
seventy years old. A wife and seven children
survive him.
the: great
Southwest Magazine
Is the only High Class, Illustrated, Literary
Magazine in the Southwest, which is devoted
exclusively to its Romance, History and Devel
opment.
Our “Clearing House Department” gives in
valuable information to the Health Seeker,
Home Seeker and Investor about cities in Ne
braska, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, California, Texas, Arkansas, Okla
homa, Missouri and Kansas, to which our maga
zine is devoted.
Circulation 60,000 monthly. Best Advertising
Medium for those wishing to reach people of
modest means, as well as the rich on ranches,
tn small towns and large cities of the South
west. A third of our circulation is now in
Eastern, Middle, Western and Southern States.
Subscription price SI.OO a year. Send 10
cents for copy of latest issue showing valuable
premiums for yearly subscribers.
THE GREAT SOUTHWEST MAGAZINE.
1840 California St., Denver, Colo.
100 PRINTED ENVELOPES FREE
With your return name and address, if you
send 25 cents for a year’s subscription to
THE RURAL GEORGIAN. The Great Depart
ment Monthly. It should be in every South
ern home. You will be pleased, or money re
funded. Address: THE RURAL GEORGIAN,
Gainesville. Ga.
“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLLEY’S
fIX-JL Jj SANITARIUM
For treatment of Nervous
iS l. leases, Opium, Alcoholic
and other dru £
JaSEigS For particulars, address
Dr. B. M. Woolley Co.
’ ‘ ATLANTA. GA.
Laurel Mills Manufacturing Co.
Roswell, Cobb County, Georgia
WE EXCHANGE
CLOTH FOR WOOL
Send for samples and prices.
AGENTS WANTED on liberal terms.
- - - .
125 Songs pppp
Words and Music JL ■w ■ 11 I
NATIONAL SONGS, HYMNS, HOME SONGS,
HEART SONGS, SACRED SONGS, ETC.,
FOR LOVERS
of Melody everywhere. Grandest collection
ever gotten together. Also 100 instructive
points for Music Lovers, showing the elements
of music and how it is learned. Among the
songs are: Home, Sweet Home, Abide With
Me, National Hymn, Columbia ,the Gem of the
Ocean, Juanita, Listen to the Mocking Bird,
Soft Music is Stealing, Star Spangled Banner,
Boat Song, and over 100 others. 250,000 copies
already sold. Everybody w’ants one. We send
this MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF SONGS
AND HYMNS, including JOO points in music
course. FREE, to everyone sending us 25 cents
for a 4-months’ trial subscription to the Home
and State, the illustrated Family Magazine, 32
pages, 128 columns, lots of pictures, good sto
ries and articles. No need to go to a music
store and pay 10 to 25 cents a copy for sheet
music when yon can get these 125 Songs and
Music FREE. Send 25 cents (silver or stamps)
today before you forget it. Address THE
HOME AND STATE, 319 Commerce St., Dallas,
Texas.