PAGE EIGHT
C>l)e 3effersonicm
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Oa. 14 Aug. 19, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
The Aldrich Blacklist
The Cincinnati Post, of August 10, has the
following Washington dispatch on its front
page:
By Gilson Gardner
“Washington, August 10. —Twenty minutes after
the tariff bill had passed the Senate a telegram signed
‘Nelson W. Aldrich’, and addressed ‘J. Pierpont Mor
gan, on board yacht Corsair’, left the capital. It read:
“ ‘Bill passed this afternoon. Everything all right.
Following Republicans voted against bill: Beveridge,
Clapp, Cummins, Bristow, Dolliver, La Follette, Nel
son.’
“The telegram and the fact that such a telegram
was sent tell their own story. Extended comment is
superfluous.”
The New England clique rules Congress,—
with the aid of old Joe Cannon, the man who
was driven out of public life a few years ago
on account of an obscene speech on the floor
of the House. This clique is arrogant, con
temptuous of the South and West, insatiable
in its appetite for Special Privilege, and ut
terly and scornfully indifferent to the rights
of the great agricultural sections.
Not only are they determined to hold on to
the abominable system of “Protection” which
enables the manufacturing class to rob the
others, but they are aggressive, and mean to
destroy the Western Senators of the Repub
lican party who had the courage to make a
stand for their own states. In naming to
King Morgan the insurgents who dared to
oppose New England rapacity, Senator Al
drich meant to mark them for political de
struction.
Let the South and the West take notice.
Let us follow the advice of Senator Gore, and
give to the Western insurgents a support
which puts principle and patriotism above
party. Every Democrat, every Populist,
every Socialist of those Western states ought
to give the heartiest backing to the men whom
Aldrich puts on his black-list.
gi s ej
The Price of Cotton
Aon see where cotton has gone to, don’t
you?
It is today (Friday, August 13) nearly 13
cents, and the market is strong.
But it doesn’t do you any good. Your cot
ton had to be sold, long ago. You had to
turn loose at 7 cents, or 8, or 9.
And so it will ever be, until you have a
warehouse system with the certificate feature
attached.
Unsold crops ought, also, to be exempt
from taxation. What is the sense or justice
of fining a cotton grower for not selling his
cotton in October or November?
If he dumps his crop on the market as soon
as it leaves the gin. he pays no tax on it.
But if he is dissatisfied with the price, and
wants to hold over till next spring or sum
mer. when the price almost always advances,
lie must pay taxes on the same cotton.
Tn other words, the state fines him for hold
ing his crop.
(Slje 'Scffersoniart
Is there any sense or fairness in that?
If he is not taxed when he sells in Decem
ber, why should he be taxed, on the very same
cotton, if he waits until May to sell ?
It was because I believed that cotton was
too low and that it could be boomed, that I
made the suggestion about raising a million
dollars for Sully to operate with, —not to
gamble, but to buy spot cotton. With a mil
lion to start on, anyone who knows the game
can borrow on what he buys, and then borrow
again, and so on, —until the advancing val
ues make the bull movement smooth sailing.
At the time my suggestion was made, a
large part of the crop was in the hands of the
farmers. But the city papers ridiculed the
idea, and nobody took it up, and we all kept
our seats, and sold our cotton, —and then
Wall Street speculators began to put the
price up.
The Southern farmers will never be able to
hold their crops and market them to advan
tage, until taxes are lifted from unsold cot
ton, and until they can borrow money at
cheap rates while they are holding.
It is for that reason that I would welcome
Sully, or anybody else, who could give us a
certificate system that would enable us to get
money as cheaply as our local banks get it.
Anyone who would antagonize such a plan
would do so because it threatens competition
with some little scheme of his own, or with
some local warehouse interest which very nat
urally wants to keep all of the sugar in its
own gourd.
Sully said he could bring us six-per-cent,
money.
If you can do that, Daniel, fetch it right
along. We know that you are not an angel,
and we know that you’d be mighty lonesome
if you were, and we know that your plan is
not meant for a health trip any more than
some other plans are, —but if you can irri
gate our thirsty appetites with six-per-cent,
money, we say, “Come right along! Bowdre
Phinizy of the Augusta Herald shall not de
vour you. Bowdre ain’t as fierce as he looks,
nohow.”
13 {kJ EJ
A Polite Answer to a Civil
Question
“Gentlemen, do you understand why Mr. Bacon
didn’t understand?”
This question is shot at us and others in
Bro. Duckworth’s paper,—the reference be
ing to Senator Bacon’s statement in the Sen
ate that, “I did not know the fact, at the time
I addressed the chair, that that has been prac
tically disposed of by the adoption of an
amendment putting bagging upon the free
list”.
What happened is simple enough. Sena
tors McLaurin of Mississippi, and Bacon of
Georgia, have for many years been working
hard to get the tariff-tax off the jute bagging
used in baling cotton.
Time and again, they have succeeded in the
Senate, but the Conference Committee inva
riably restores the tax.
At the extra session, these two Senators
were again trying to amend the tariff bill, so
as to put cotton bagging on the free list.
On June 28, when Senator Bacon rose and
offered his amendment, he was informed pri
vately that Senator McLaurin had already
got his amendment in. Bacon had probably
stepped out of the chamber for a few mo
ments, or he may not have heard the clerk
read the McLaurin amendment.
The simple truth is, that Bacon, steadily
pursuing his purpose of getting the tax off
the jute, was anticipated, by a few moments,
by Senator McLaurin.
The amendment, as usual, got knocked out
in the Conference Committee which the Dem
ocratic deserters had enabled Speaker Can
non to “pack”.
As one of these deserters represents Bro.
Duckworth’s district, we trust that Bro. D.
will show him up.
“The Chinamen Win their Fight”
Our slant-eyed brothers, the Chinamen, are
most fastidious in the matter of the instru
ments through which their conversions to
Christianity are to be effected.
Each one of the yellow Johns wants a
teacher, all to himself. Not only that, but
the teacher must be a woman. Further still,
she must be young and pretty. These prelim
inaries being settled in the Chinaman’s favor,
he settles down contentedly to get his Sun
day-school lesson.
This has been the universal custom, and it
has resulted in the ruin of the Christian girls,
—as anybody but a crazy person might have
known.
The Rev. Paul Wakefield, of Illinois, pub
licly declared, to an audience which made no
demonstration toward lynching him, that
“we missionaries have long known” that the
assignment of the Christian girl to teach the
slant-eyed hypocrites, resulted in a greater
number of ruined girls than of Chinese con
verts.
After such public declarations as that, and
after such terrible exposures as followed the
murder of Elsie Sigel by her slant-eyed “con
verts”, would you have believed that our
American missionaries would persist in their
diabolical system?
Did you not suppose that they would drop
it, immediately and forever?
Well, they haven’t. They are keeping it up.
The newspapers of the middle West carried
the news, last week, that “the Chinamen at
Greensburg, Pa., had won their fight to be
taught singly by women in Sunday-school”.
The Cincinnati Post editorially states that
. is in operation “in many Sunday
schools of the country”.
How desperately anxious we are to convert
the heathen! Since they decline to be taught
by men, or elderly ladies, or middle-aged ma*
trons, we accede to their demand for young
and pretty girls, although it means the loss of
the girl’s virtue and sold, and “we mission
aries have long known it”.
A
E! [k]
The State Sanitarium
Now that the report of Messrs. Grantland,
Westmoreland and Jenkins has fully sus
tained the Jeffersonian in the matter of the
Sanitarium at Milledgeville, we beg to sug
gest that it is unwise to have so many luna
tics at one place.
It is practically certain that the State will
have to overhaul the asylum system and,
while doing so, might just as well be thor
ough about it. Why not establish at least
four places, widely separated, for the keep of
these poor demented creatures?
Maintain the North Georgia insane at a
carefully selected location in South Georgia,
and so on.
The suggestion is respectfully submitted.
In the mean while, I wish they’d let young
Dunnington alone. He came to see me, and
I talked with him at some length,—and I
considered him the sanest man that’s been
here in some time.
No wonder he fights, when they try to make
him go back to that Sanitarium. I’d fight
like a pack of wild-cats, before I’d let them
drag me into any such hole.
El [3 (3
A New York Paper Flays Watson
One by one “the unco guid and rigidly
righteous” fall upon us and do us up.
Messrs. Leonard and Stubbs, of Fifth
Avenue, New York City, publish a magazine
named World Wide Missions. In this peri
odical, those two consecrated clergymen go
after the wicked Watson in manner and form
following, to-wit:
“Mr. Tom Watson, in his Jeffersonian Maga
zine, published in Atlanta, Ga. (quoted exten
sively in the Literary Digest), having failed in