ican continent, this marks an epochal step in
the right direction. It means more to us along
right lines than all the battleships we could
build in many years, working full time.
NOTICE, IOWA POPULISTS.
Brothers, we want to organize the state of
lowa for Populism and we want you to help.
Let every Populist and every friend of this
reform cause who receives a copy of this pa
per send us, at once, the names and postoffice
address of at least one good man in his coun
ty, and one in each of his adjoining counties,
that will serve as county chairman and one as
secretary for the People’s Party in lowa.
Then business will begin. Address, J. R.
Norman, Chairman People’s Party, State Com
mittee, Albia, lowa.
BOUND VOLUMES OF THE JEFFERSON
IAN MAGAZINE FOR 1907.
Did you know that these two books have
1,200 pages of reading matter? They are
beautifully and profusely illustrated with
line cuts and half-tones, and many cartoons
by Gordon Nye.
The volupaes contain the best selections in
prose and poetry, short stories and special ar
ticles, besides a vast amount of information
on governmental questions, economic prob
lems and political history.
These books will add permanent value to
any Library. Price for the set for 1907, $2.50.
Sent as a Premium for 5 subscriptions to the
magazine, or 8 subscriptions to the weekly
Jeffersonian. Address,
THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
VOTE FOR
W. J. SPEER
For State Treasurer
His Record in This Office Is
Without a Flaw.
Under the law the Treasurer is solely re
sponsible for the deposits of State funds. The
act of 1893 (page 135, Acts of that year) in
plain terms limits such deposits to SIOO,OOO in
any bank.
This is a wise law, and while Treasurer, Mr.
Speer strictly observed it, that possible loss,
litigation and embarrassment to the State
might be avoided.
By careful personal examination of each de
pository, he always knew their actual condi
tion and kept the State’s balance with each
one well within the limit fixed by law. His
examinations of the other banks were equally
as satisfactory. No depositors ever lost a
dollar while he looked after their interests.
This is his record. Vote for him.
F 1 O i_J IV D !
One of the best Commission Houses for you to
ship your Fruits, Potatoes, Cabbages, Peas and
everything in this line to. Write them today
They are
Hewitt & Company
10 E. Camden Street, : : : BALTIMORE, MD.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
If you can take eight subscriptions a day for
a paper that everybody wants, and a magazine
that sells on sight, with another big paper
thrown in for good measure, we
CAN OFFER YOU
$3.00 A DAY
This is a fine proposition for agents. You
can work your regular line, and make SIB.OO a
week on the side. It is a soft snap for an ac
tive man or boy. For particulars, address the
JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
125 Sonasrnrr
Words and Music JL a JHi
NATIONAL SONGS, HYMNS, HOME SONGS,
HEART SONGS, SACRED SONGS, ETC.,
FOR LOVERS
of Melody everywhere. Grandest collection
ever gotten together. Also 100 instructive
points for Music Lovers, showing the elements
of music and how it is learned. Among the
songs are: Home, Sweet Home, Abide With
Me, National Hymn, Columbia the Gem of the
Ocean, Juanita, Listen to the Mocking Bird,
Soft Music is Stealing, Star Spangled Banner,
Boat Song, and over 100 others. 250,000 copies
already sold. Everybody wants one. We send
this MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF SONGS
AND HYMNS, including 100 points in music
course, FREE, to everyone sending us 25 cents
for a 4-months’ trial subscription to the Home
and State, the illustrated Family Magazine, 32
pages, 128 columns, lots of pictures, good sto
ries and articles. No need to go to a music
store and pay 10 to 25 cents a copy for sheet
music when you can get these 125 Songs and
Music FREE. Send 25 cents (silver or stamps)
today before you forget it. Address THE
HOME AND STATE, 319 Commerce St., Dallas,
Texas.
TOM WATSON MELON—72 POUNDS.
The best all-round melon grown in Georgia.
It has every good quality of the famous Georgia
Rattlesnake, and is superior to that variety in
that it is almost free from rotten ends. It is a
much better shipping melon, and it is a much
better keeper. It is superior to the KLECK
LEY MELON in that it grows much larger,
and has all of the sweetness of that variety.
I have been growing melons for the market
for the past twenty-five years, and have tried
all of the varieties known in Georgia, and have
no hesitancy in saying that the TOM WATSON
melon comes nearer meeting every requirement
than any variety I ever saw. I consider the
seed to be worth their weight in gold.
One-fourth pound $ .40
One-half pound 75
One Bound 1.35
Five nounds ' I 6.50
Express prepaid. Address:
W. A. WATSON, Thomson, Ga.
The only authorized dealer in the seed under
the above name.
. R.F.D.
j! W Automatic
Gate
SI.OO. We pay express to first in county.
R. F. D. Gate recommended by Assistant Post
master General for use on rural routes. In
use in 35 states, Canada, Porto Rico, etc. Took
first premium at Illinois State Fair and other
fairs.
Opened from buggy. You make it. Send SI.OO
for set of flanged hinge castings, full and
complete directions, and license. We pay ex
press.
Farmers, doctors and rural route agents—
keep out of the mud; stay in your buggy and
pull a rope to open your gate. You haven’t
time to climb in and out of your buggy or
wagon to open or close that old gate,—life
is too short.
W. THORPE GATE CO., WAPELLA, ILLS.
BLACK MINORCAS
BARRED AND WHITE
PLYMOUTH ROCK
EGGS
$2.00 per Setting of 15.
My Minorcas won this season at five lead
ing Southern shows Fifty Prizes—four times
as many First and Second as all competitors
combined. Stock for sale.
C. H. LEDFERD
81 Whitehall St Atlanta, Ga.
If you want REAL enjoyment send ten cents
for a copy jf HUMORIST! Address: Publisher
Humorist, St. Louis, Mo. In ordering your
reading matter, don’t fail to include the Humor
ist!
A Dollar Bill
Enclosed in an envelope, with
your name and address, will
bring you
The Two Jeffersonians
For the Next Six Months
No commission to agents on this offer. Mail your
dollar to
The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
THE DOBSON “X” RAY, Th'.
-xISESBSMEaw Latest Scientific Wonder. Ml. HE is an
*^ Ucle hoys, that will please you. With
t'he clothes and flesn turn ti’ausparent
and the bones can be plainly seen JUST
think ot taelun you can have with it. Sample.n strong
box with catalogue and agents prices 10 cents by mail,
Our big catalogue containing 300 novelties,
buggies, pianos, harness, desks and many other
articles sent free upon request. Please write
for it. Game of Teddy Bear Cards, 50 cents.
Wessels & Co., Dopt. A., 5519 Magnolia Ave.,
St. Louis, Mo.
PAGE FIVE