PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
ANSWERING THE AUGUSTA HERALD
ON THE PENSION MATTER.
Cannon, Ga., April 1908.
I have just read an article in The
Jeffersonian from the Augusta Herald,
favoring the present pension law. The Herald
seems to think that quarterly payments will
enable the old veterans to have money along
through the. year. This idea to me is surpas
singly strange. If the pensions were paid in
a lump could not the pensioner have the same
use of this money through the year as necessity
called for it? Most assuredly, I fail to see
the point. No, Mr. Editor, there are people
who think that, if the soldier is paid his
allowance at once he. will spend his money in
a reckless way. This may be true in a few
instances and is also true under the present
law. However, even this class of pensioners
take much better care of their money than
formerly, especially the indigent, as it is abso
lutely necessary. The Herald seems to think
that the opposition to the present pension
law comes from Governor Smith’s political
enemies. This is also an error. lam in
receipt of a letter from a rising young lawyer,
who is a strong Smith man, but bitterly oppos
es the present pension law. Another young
lawyer who is a candidate for state senator,
is a strong Smith man but opposes this law.
Why, some of our best women have been
loud in their opposition, have come forward
like the old soldiers. Other good friends have
championed the cause. I don’t know of a man
who asserts that Mr. Smith is directly the
cause of this law. While it is reasonable to
assume that the Governor favored this law as
he approved its passage and afterwards tried
to defend it, the Governor seemed to dwell
at length in his defense on the unpaid school
teachers of this state. Now Mr. Editor, I
think I voice the sentiment of every honest
pensioner in the state when I say that we
don’t want a dollar of the school fund, but
we need the money that the good people of
Georgia have given us and desire a repeal of
the. present law. The old veteran is the best
judge in the state as regards this law; even,
Mr. Editor, with the heartfelt sympathy that
I know you have, you can’t enter the humble
ranks of the old, indigent pensioners and feel
the biting fangs of poverty as they do. Thank
God that you can’t. Os course there is a
class of pensioners that don't belong to the
indigent, the maimed or disabled veterans.
Some of them are in easy circumstances.
All of the old veterans that I have conversed
with suggests that we send a petition to the
next legislative assembly, asking for the
present law to be repealed. I remember very
well, Mr. Editor, a trip that you took to
Virginia which appeared in your Magazine.
While there, you visited the Soldiers’ Home;
your idea on this institution was good, as you
said, misdirected charity. You further said
that whatever was given the old soldiers, let
him remain at home with his attachments
and surroundings without any restrictions.
OLD SOLDIER.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
AN IRRESISTIBLE APPEAL FOR THE
NAVY.
It is scarcely believable that the representa
tives of the people will fail to answer prompt
ly and affirmatively the special and urgent
appeal which the President has sent to Con
gress for four high-grade battleships for the
navy.
The spirit of more than ordinary earnest
ness manifested in the President’s message
and the clear and specific reasons supporting
his requests make an appeal to Congressional
confidence and patriotism which cannot and
should not be denied.
The President is the head of the Government
—the Commander-in-Chief of the Navy and
Army. He knows the secrets of the State
Department, and he is familiar beyond the
public ken with the animus disclosed in the
secret correspondence of other nations with
our own.
He is officially aware of the dangers which
compass our country in the Pacific and the
Atlantic seas. He understands as none of us
on the outside can do what is going on in the
diplomatic councils or in the busy arsenals
of foreign countries. He knows exactly what
he is doing and exactly what it is necessary
to do to protect the public welfare and to
preserve the public safety. He is not a candi
date for office and has no axe of demagogy to
grind. Whatever the criticisms, just or unjust,
which may be urged against him, there are
few if any of the President’s fellow citizens
who will not credit him with ability and
patriotism.
And when such an Exevutive finds it
necessary to dispatch a third special and
urgent appeal to Congress for this naval en
largement it must be evident that there are
behind him reasons more serious than any
which have fyeen publicly stated, and under this
necessary view the message is an appeal
which no loyal citizen can hear without in
dorsement and which no faithful representa
tive can refuse.
The backbone of the American Navy is in
the Pacific. In the high claim of the public
safety it is there to stay. It was placed there
as a bulwark against war and a breastwork
of peace which cannot be pulled down. When
the Government erected its land fortifications
on the Pacific coast it planted them to remain
in perpetual protection.
For the present and for many years to come
the clouds that menace our American peace
gather over the Pacific Ocean. As long as
this is true, and after this, the great western
coast line of the Republic has an irresistible
claim upon the navy of the Republic. For
a decade at least the battleships of the navy
can in honor and in national obligation be
no more withdrawn from the Pacific than
the forts at San Francisco and the mouth of
the Columbia can be dismantled in the inter
ests of a false economy. The battleships are
on the Western coast to stay.
Meanwhile the appeal now conies from the
vaster commerce and the more populous
cities of the East. The Atlantic has its dangers
and its demands. To keep the peace and to
protect our interests we cannot permit the
martial world of Europe to look across this
narrower ocean at the perpetual spectacle
of our unguarded coasts and oour undefended
seas.
The bareness of the Atlantic seaboard is
an invitation to European rivals to assume
toward owr country the hectoring arrogance
of Japan.
Our Eastern unpreparedness is a menace
to our peace.
Then on to the shipyards for our four new
battleships!
We need them; we are able to pay for them,
and it is penurious and petifogging any longer
to withhold them.
Let the prompt answer of the American
Congress be the declaration to our own people
and to the world of American unity in all
the essentials of our national honor and of
our national defense. —New York American.
WATSON SHOULD LEAD, HEARST
DOES NOT.
Respecting the efforts to unite the Popu
lists of Georgia with Mr. Hearst ’s Indepen
dence Party, a dispatch from Atlanta says:
‘‘The Populists of Georgia will support the
movement by which their party is to be ab
sorbed on the one proviso that Thomas E.
Watson is much the Independent Party’s
Presidential nominee.
"The two parties are understood to be at
divergence practically upon one point
only. Watson being almost unalterably
wedded to the greenback system, the align
ment is expected to bring strength through
the south to the new organization, but Wat
son’s vote in the last campaign was a disap
pointment even to his own party. He did not
poll as strong a vote as Weaver did in
1892.”
If Air. Hearst himself is not to lead the
new party in the presidential campaign Mr.
Watson should by all means be chosen. A
man of the nme of Ilisgen has been suggested,
but there are objections. He is unknown to
the country at large and his name baffles the
tongue. It is unmusical and unmanageable.
It does not lend itself to the purposes and
requirements of a campaign. Try it as you
may, before breakfast or after, before dinner
or after, and it halts you. There would be no
votes in the cry of "Ilisgen forever!” In
politics there is something in a name.
Os course Mr. Watson’s vote in the last
empaign was not as large as General "Weaver’s
in 1892. The Watson campaign was on the
level. The Weaver campaign was a side-line
of the Cleveland people. Os the two Populist
loaders, Mr. Watson is probably the abler. At
any rate he is today a live figure—very much
alive. With him as the third party’s candi
date there would be something doing.—The
Washington Star.