In my estimation one Confederate sol
dier is of more value than every diamond
eyed celestial in the East and every
naked nigger up and down the winding
shores of the Congo river.
* * * *
The history of prostitution in this coun
try is a frightful chapter; it is some
thing so terrible that it appals and
staggers the mind to contemplate it.
I have paid much attention to the
rescue of stranded young women in cities,
and I know the many dangers which
beset them; and I know further that
the service which pretends to protect
helpless women in cities is very inad
equate. My organization is doing a
great work on this line, but they are
hampered and handicapped for want of
funds and co-operation by those who
ar vll -
g '■ I’. HE
SKWiww
;: »•$ >» • ,w®W»
‘ t•?.''' ■<*%'# z -< fwWrW *
-'t' I
BBBMI
IN THE CARE OF THE FRESH AIR CAMP
should join hands with them in the prose
cution of so devoted a service.
* # # *
“Let the heathen rage, and the people
imagine a vain thing”
Let the wailings of the footbound chil
dren of China sweep to the very stars of
heaven; let their saffron-hued extremi
ties stay bound until inferno be trans
formed into that region over which Cook
and Peary are squabbling, and the forked
tail master of ceremonies is taking a
' x " lb*
■ *>~Wp'■
\ If ’ *• S& •■ < mMMMb
wJ* f■' ■ , y
ilk ” ’. JL; r^'i# • >■ < >t i W*r- '
' -v^'&rv-';?? ihh|| lifthFfflP?>•'?\
rF -■' t" <. ■’w MsJlO" 4 •'* i/
Some types the foreign missionary disregards
The Field of Home Missions
(CONCLUDED FROM PAGE TWO)
quiet skate on the translucent, if in or
der to release them we must continue
thousands of unfortunate children who
live under the Stars and Stripes in the
bonds of poverty, crime, wretchedness
and misery.
Let the Ganges continue to claim its
victims;
Let the child widows of India whoop
and howl;
Let the Juggernaut car roll on;
Let the tourniquet be tightened on yel
low feet in the land of Buddhism;
LET THESE BE!
If to relieve them
The insatiate maw of the scarlet hell
continues to drink in the lives and souls
of our young womanhood.
If the wails of destitute widowhood,
and the weepings of hungry, helpless or-
phans continue to ascend to heaven from
our own land.
If the cruel Juggernaut of cold and
calculating commerce continues to claim
the lives and shrivel the souls of help
less children in the fetid and disease
infected confines of the factories of our
land.
If thousands of our people continue
to live under the upas-tree of poverty,
disease, crime and misery.
r>l>4 Jeffersonian
This is a picture of Mrs. Mary Dees, who resides in the city of Montgomery. She is more than one
hundred years old, and is the widow of a Confederate veteran v ho laid down his life for the South on
the fateful and bloody field of Gettysburg—and this was not the extent of her offei ing on the Altar of
the South: in the same battle she lost three sons and a son-in-law. Mrs. Dees is supported by her
daughter, who works at a local laundry for the pittance of $1 00 per week. She has not been able to
stand on her feet. for years. In spite of this she manages to do her housework by dragging herself
around in a rawhide-bottom chair, roughly improvised with bed-rollers, in older to make it portable.
Now, where. is the charity in sending hundreds and thousands of dollars out of this country to the
Heathen Chinee, the negroes of Africa, and the “ child-widov s ” of India—when we have these old
Spartan mothers of the South, who are practically without means to earn a living ; these devoted ones
who have made such a costly sacrifice for their country? I say, where is the humanity, whe* eis the
patriotism, and where is the philanthropy in sending money away from this land for thecause of
Foreign Missions when we have such sacred obligations resting on us right at our doors? One old
devoted heart and life like Mrs. Dees, who gave so much to perpetuate to posterity the blessings of Con
stitutional .Liberty, is worth more to the world than every dusky-hued savage that ever darkened the
shores of “Darkest Africa’’ since the dawn of time, and every saddle-colored, almond-eyed celestial
that ever hit the pipe in the Orient and said his concatenations over a roasted rat.
LOCAL FARMERS’ UNIONS ARE
THUNDERING—L OO K OUT
DUCK, LADSON AND BOODLE.
HAMER.
Whereas, the “Union News,” pub
lished at Union City—the Headquar
ters of the Georgia Division of the
Farmer's’ Educational and Co-opera
tive Union of America —has recently
opened its columns to editorials and
communications advocating the
American Merchant Marine Service
and confiscation of individual land
proprietorship, Reynoldsville Local
Union No. 1604 hereby enters its sol
emn protest in the following resolu
tions:
Resolved, first, That said pernicious
doctrines and the advocacy of them
is detrimental to the farming interest
of America, contrary to the Constitu
tion of our beloved organization, and
indorsed by our officials may be
the death knell to Unionism through
out the South.
Resolved, second, That our State
officials notify the public through the
columns of the “Union News” that
said “News” is not the official organ
or mouthpiece of the Farmers’ Edu
cational and Co-operative Union, but
a private enterprise.
Resolved, third, That all lecturers
sent out from headquarters be re
strained from giving said “Union
News” quasi endorsement by canvass
ing for subscriptions thereto.
Resolved, fourth, Inasmuch as the
editor and advocate of these perni
cious measures is the chairman of our
National Legislative Committee, we
request the National Executixe Com
mittee of the F. E. C. U. of A. to re
pudiate his action.
AGENTS MAKE $3 TO $lO A DAY
Sellin?? our lovely Floral and Scriptural Mottoes;
beautiful enamel finish : designed in natural col
ors with Roses, Pansies; Poppies, Forgetmenots,
etc . Choice of over 75 designs and texts. Size,
12x 16 inches. Something entirely new. SELLS ON
SIGHT. Every home lover will buy. Worth as,
sells for 25c. One agent sold 1,300 in 10 days. 200
per tent clear profit. Particulars free. Sample
motto for three 2-cent stamps.
Welcome News, 92, J. M„ 161 East Randolph Street
Chicago, Illinois
CASH PRIZES
For Largest List of Sub
scriptions and Renewals
to Watson ’s Magazine or
The Jeffersonian, Novem
ber 15 to December 31.
Open to all Agents. Full
Commission Allowed.
First
$lO
Second
$5
Write to The Jeffersonians,
Thomson, G».
PAGE SEVEN