steeple, lost its balance—and great was
the crash thereof as it fell over.
Do you see it, son?
m it n
T)o You Want to < Borrolv Any
Money?
Say, Mister, do you want to “float” a
loan?
Well, then, why don’t you go and do
it? You voted for Sound Money, you
know.
You didn’t want any Rag Baby cur
rency ; you wanted a currency that would
be “good in Europe.”
You didn’t listen to those demagogues
that the Coca-Cola man hates so violent
ly. You just couldn’t bear the idea of
silver dollars, you remember; and you
hooted, like a nice tame owl, every time
one of those demagogues spoke of such
a monstrous proposition as that of issuing
government paper money. Don’t you re
member how you would get restless al
night, and roll the bed, and kick the cov
er off and catch cold in your hind legs
because you dreamed that too much silver
was being coined into money and tha 1
Europe had got all our gold?
Say, Mister, where is that gold?
How much of it have you ever seen,
from that day to this?
You helped the patriots save the coun
try from the demagogues, you know,
and you put down all the cranks, and si
lenced all the fanatics, and squelched the
last one of the incendiaries. Yes, sir, you
had it all your own way.
You got the Presidency, the Senate
the House, the Governorship, the Legis
lature, the City Government, the
government —everything.
The demagogues didn’t get a blamec)
thing —not even a smell of the jug. You
got it all —and you’re in a pretty mess,
ain’t you?
• You cannot collect; you cannot borrow;
you cannot sell at a fair price; and you’ve
got nothing to buy with.
Ain’t you in a nice fix?
You put your little savings into a bank,
and When you wanted a small amount of
your own money, you couldn’t get it.
to accept some soap-wrappers.
Or, maybe, you did as the Jeffersonian
and your young’ friend, Gordon Nye, and
9,000 other simpletons did —put your
money in the Neal bank—or some other
honest concern where the officers of the
bank were using most of the money in a
big speculation which didn’t pan out.
The men you voted into office have
given you just what you wanted.
You wanted the Gold Standard.
Yes, you get the standard, all right
enough—and the men whose dupe you
were have got the gold.
You wanted Sound Money.
Yes, you’ve got the system, all right
enough—but the men whose dupe you
were have cornered the Sound Money in
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
New York, and to you they have issued
$64,000,000 in soap-wrappers.
You believed in General Prosperity you
know, and you were hard down on the
Calamity Howler.
Well, you’ve got the prosperity, sure
enough —but it is bunched about in spots.
A few thousands of those whose special
privileges have been increased by youi
vote, have got the biggest fortunes ever
before known, in the history of mankind
—but the army of unemployed grows lar
ger, every day; the bread-line grows long
er, every day; the unrest of the poorer
millions grows nearer to the riot stage,
every day; the door of Opportunity for
your boy or girl grows narrower, every
day; the predominance of the Trust and
the Money-King advances, every day:
the expenses of government and of living
are increasing, every day, and the war
cry of the Communist peals forth louder
and louder, every day.
Keep your eye on the East Side in New
York; study well those conditions in Ne
vada and Indiana; watch those parades of
thousands of jobless men, demanding
Work.
Ah, my son, you voted for the men who
have brought all this about, and in your
heart of hearts there should be profound
repentance for the past, and a man’s
strong resolution to vote more intelligent
ly, and independently, hereafter.
In a self-governing counry, it is the
patriotic duty of every voter to study
public questions, in order that he may
vote right, and thus govern himself and
others, in accordance with the everlast
ing principles of justice.
1? m n
The Lalv of 'Reserves.
Once upon a time, those who put their
money into a bank, for safe-keeping un
til they wanted it, were supposed to
have some rights.
This may sound like a tough yarn, but
it’s a fact.
The depositor was once regarded as a
right decent sort of fellow, and the law
made motions as though it wanted to pro
tect him from thieves, speculators, stock
gamblers, forcible borrowers, and other
speckled varieties of latter-day financiers.
With an eye to the protection of the
depositor —a weak, filmy, watery eye, I
admit —the law solemnly requested the
bankers to maintain a certain amount of
money where they could lay hands on it,
at any time, so that if a depositor wanted
a few dollars of his own money, he could
get cash, instead of soap-wrappers.
At that time, the rogues’ device of
Clearing House Certificate had not en
tered the head of those scoundrels of New
York, who first forced that nasty stuff in
to circulation and set an evil example
which others followed.
By the national bank act, each national
bank is required to keep a reserve, in law-
ful money, to the extent of a certain
per cent of its deposits and circulation.
In some cities, named in the act, the
reserve of actual money required to
be kept on hand, is twenty-five per cent;
in all others, fifteen per cent.
But the act further provides that three
fifths of this fifteen per cent may consist
of a balance due to these banks by the
banks of St. Louis, Louisville, Chicago,
Detroit, Milwaukee, New Orleans, Cin
cinnati, Cleveland, Pittsburg, Baltimore,
Philadelphia, Boston, New York, Albany,
Leavenworth, San Francisco,
ton City.
See how cleverly these schemers go
about getting all the available money of
the country into a few big cities!
But that isn’t the worst of it. After
the money has been drawn into these
various “reserve cities,” it must then be
drawn into one big pond —New York.
Section 32 of the National Bank act*
provides, that one-half of the reserves re
quired to be kept by these banks of the
big cities may consist of deposits in the
New York banks.
There you have it—a cleverly devised
net work of canals which convey the
currency, first inter many big cities, and
then into one.
And yet we marvel that everybody
should have to bow down to New York
and go to her, on our knees, BEGGING
FOR SOME OF OUR OWN MONEY!
We are fools enough to vote our finan
cial independence away, and then marvel
at our chains.
We first say, by law, that the national
banker shall be our financial master, and
then we wonder at our slavery.
When these national banks came back
to Congress, in 1903, to have their char
ters renewed for another twenty years,
not a single Republican raised a voice of
protest.
And not a single Democrat had the
spunk and the patriotism to remind the
country that the Democratic Party, as
now organized, owed its first great victo
ry to the fight which Andrew Jackson
waged upon this very question of nation
al banks.
* * *
Mr. Hardlmck ’s Speech.
Hon. Thos. W. Hardwick made one of
the best and meatiest speeches in Con
gress, last week, that has appeared in the
Record in recent years.
We are going to give the readers of the
Jeffersonian the benefit of it by reproduc
ing it in full.
If the Democratic Party would put
such men as Hardwick in the lead, it
might possibly win back the Confidence
of the country.
The leadership of such men as John
Sharp Williams cannot amount to any
thing, for the simple reason that J. Sharp,
as a leader, amounts to nothing.
He is totally devoid of constructive
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE