PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
FROM YELLOW JOURNALISM TO YEL
LOW POLITICS—THE HEARST PARTY.
The Hearst show at Chicago has served as
a bit of summer vaudeville, an entre-act tiller
of the political drama during the dog days,
but beyond that it has neither value nor
significance. Certainly nobody takes it
seriously, not even the “angel” who is financ
ing it.
The whole performance is in keeping with
the Hearst methods, which he first applied to
journalism and subsequently to politics. There
were sensational, tawdry and unreliable news
papers before Hearst entered the field, but
it remained for him, proceeding on the
theory that most things are attainable by the
man who has the means and the will to buy
them, deliberately to set about, by lavish
expenditure of millions, the establishment of
newspapers so much more sensational, tawdry
and unreliable than all others that by force of
their daring vices they should become the
exemplars of a new school of il journalism. ”
He succeeded in founding the modern school
of “yellow journalism,” than which there
is no more vicious development of our times.
But he was not satisfied with this achieve
ment. Stimulated by his success in applying
his peculiar methods to journalism, he con
ceived the idea that, with his millions still
to draw on and his public still to play, he
might profitably pitch his circus tents in the
field of politics as he had in that of journ
alism.
Who furnishes the money is .well enough
known. Who furnishes the brains, though
not as well known, is generally regarded al
most as notorious. —Louisville Courier-Jour
nal.
COLORED VOTERS INCENSED AGAINST
TAFT.
To the Editor of The World:
Permit me as a lifelong Republican to state
why the great masses of the colored voters
should vote against Mr. Taft or stay away
from the polls. I do not mean by this to
support Mr. Bryan, although I shall do so,
but there is the Prohibition ticket, the So
cialist ticket, the Independence ticket; or
every man who is a loyal member of the
negro race should stay away from the polls
for these reasons:
Mr. Taft stands for the disgraceful and
unwarranted discharge of the colored soldiers.
He has made speeches condoning the dis
franchisement of the negro in the South, call
ing us political children and saying we should
split our vote. We will carry out his advice.
The defeat of the Republican party would
be better for the negro. It is in the South
a Lily White party, and always will be until
the horde of office-holders are turned out of
office.
When Bishop Derrick says the colored
voters will support Taft he is telling an
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
untruth. The colored office-holders will, but
they cannot take the masses with them. They
are fighting to succeed themselves in office.
JAMES BROWN.
New York, Aug.. 3.
HEARST METHODS IN CHICAGO.
To the Editor of The World:
It does, indeed, take a brave man to defend
the Hearst methods used at the Chicago Con
vention, as my friend Col. Graves did this
morning. Col. Graves knows that the con
vention passed a rule which “muzzled” all
delegates from expressing their preference for
candidates. He also knows that delegates
were thrown out of the convention because
they tried to exercise the right of free
thought and speech. Among those branded
as “traitor” was the Hon. Judge Seabury, of
this city. What chance was there for a
delegate to express his opinion?
Col. Graves knows that the members of the
Hearst party have no more freedom of speech
or action than the men who are employed on
the Hearst newspapers. Where Mr. Hearst
makes his big mistake is that in the campaign
of 1905 the victory of the Independence
League was a moral one. Mr. Hearst thinks
it was a Hearst victory. GORDON NYE.
New York, Aug. 1.
NOT TO BE TRUSTED.
It is safe to predict that Bryan will not
accept the challenge to joint debate addressed
to him by Thomas E. Watson, the presidential
candidate of the Populist party this year. In
1896 Watson was the ticket associate of
Bryan, was his loyal supporter and follower,
and advocated his election with the most
tremendous fervor. But now his eyes have
been opened, and he denounces Bryan as a
man without abiding political principle, who
is controlled by a burning ambition to be.
president.
More than in any campaign since 1884,
because of the comparatively near approach
to each other of the two formal platforms,
popular attention is directed to the character
of the two candidates. Watson’s testimony
is pertinent concerning the political character
of Bryan. In 1896 he fought side by side
with Bryan in behalf of the proposition that
there should be immediate free coinage of
silver at 16 to 1. Up and down the land
Bryan proclaimed his allegiance to this
doctrine —not for 1896, but for all time. He
declared his unalterable opposition to a
G monometallism which has locked fast the
prosperity of an industrial people in the
paralysis of hard times.” Watson is still
for this principle. Bryan has quit it. In
1896 Watson fought side by side with Bryan
in behalf of the proposition that it was
unconstitutional to authorize the issue of bank
notes —that in congress alone was vested
power to issue money. The Constitution has
not been amended, and Watson clings to his
old interpretation. Bryan this year consents
to asset currency and proposes to put a
further premium on rotten banking by
guaranteeing national bank deposits. National
banks in 1896 were in deadly hostility to
American institutions. Now there is to be
a new development of power which is pre
tended to be in their behalf. “It is simply
monstrous,” says • Watson, “that W. J.
Bryan’s burning ambition for office should
drag the historic party of Jefferson and
Jackson into the mire of such political
shame. ”
Bryan now countenances and does not dare
to attack legislation which he then said
furnished proof that the Republican party
was in corrupt conspiracy with the “money
power. A crown of thorns had been pressed
down on the brow of labor—mankind had
been crucified on a cross of gold. Now he
holds out that he will not disturb the therns
—that he will do nothing to pull down the
cross. It is not strange, as he contemplates
the change and beholds the reason therefor,
that the soul of the consistent Watson is filled
with rage. —New York Globe.
BATTLE CRY.
By John G. Neihardt.
More than half beaten, but fearless,
Facing the storm and the night;
Breathless and reeling, but tearless,
Here in the lull of the fight,
I who bow not but before Thee,
God of the fighting Clan,
Lifting my fists I implore Thee,
Give me the heart of a Man!
What though I live with the winners
Or perish with those who fall?
Only the cowards are sinners,
Fighting the fight is all.
Strong is my Foe —he 'advances!
Snapt is my blade, 0 Lord!
See the proud banners and lances!
0 spare me this stub of a sword!
Give me no pity, nor spare me;
Calm not the wrath of my Foe.
See where he beckons to dare me!
Bleeding, half beaten—l go.
Not for the glory of winning,
Not for the fear of the night;
Shunning the battle is sinning—
-0 spare me the heart to fight!
Red is the mist about me;
Deep is the wound in my side;
“Coward!” thou criest to flout me?
0 terrible Foe, thou hast lied!
Here with my battle before me,
God of the fighting Clan,
Grant that the woman who bore me
Suffered to suckle a Man!
—The Outing Magazine for August.