PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Tb>mple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Bnttrtd at Pintfci, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, I(f07, at ttttnd
> tian mail matttr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, June 2s, 1908
<TR
Tennessee "Populists.
On the 16th of July, our friends in
1 ennessee will hold a State Convention
in Nashville.
Mr. Watson will be there and will de
liver an address. He will arrive on the
early morning train, and will attend the
forenoon session of the convention.
We hope the Jeffersonian Democrats
will turn out in force —tor Mr. Watson
has something of importance to say to
them.
*, * *
The July <jth Meeting in Atlanta
Promises to be the biggest thing Geor
gia has seen in some time. We hope
that every county of the state will have
a representative. No formality is neces
sary ; no appointment or election is re
quired.
If you feel an interest in the South, if
you believe in the principles of Jefferson
ian democracy, get out your Sunday-go
to-meeting-suit and come along to At
lanta for that meeting on the 9th.
Mr. Watson has a message to deliver
to his people and wants to deliver it, face
to face, to those whom it concerns.
Have you been one of those Democrats
who ‘‘cussed Tom Watson”?
That doesn’t matter —come along and
hear him. Then, maybe, you’ll stop cuss
ing him, and go to work, like a true man,
trying to redeem the South from Wall
Street bondage, and the people of the
whole country from the rapacity of the
beneficiaries of Special Privilege.
For 18 years you have refused to listen
to Mr. Watson, no matter how earnestly
he asked for a hearing.
You followed those who told you that
the Pops were cranks, and that Watson
was “hired by the Republicans.”
Are vou satisfied with the fix your
leaders have got you in? Can you see
any benefit to you in your long service as
a partisan Democrat? It is easy to see'
what your leaders have got out of it—
but what have you got out of it?
Are your taxes lighter? Is money eas
ier to get? Do you get a better return
for your labor and your crops? Are you
in a better condition than you were eigh
teen years ago?
Excepting those garden seed which
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
your taxes paid for, and the R. F.
D. service which Mr. Watson got the
first appropriation for, what are the bene
fits of the federal government to you?
Chew on these questions, and be in At
lanta by ten o’clock on the morning of
July 9th.
MH*
'Republican Hypocrisy, and the
"Farmer.
In their Chicago platform, the Repub
lican leaders declare that they maintain
our high tariff for the benefit of the la
borers and farmers, as well as for the
benefit of the manufacturers.
A falser statement was never put in
print. It is an insult to the chief victim
of the tariff —the farmer.
When the American farmer is com
pelled to pay twice as much for his agri
cultural implements as the foreign farm
ers pay, is it not the tariff wall —shutting
out the competition of the foreign manu
facturer —which enables the Harvester
Trust to make this discrimination against
the American farmer?
Isn’t the same thing true of every other
article whose price is controlled by a
Trust? Is not the Tariff the indispen
sable bulwark behind which these vora
cious Trusts are organized? Does not
the Steel Trust force value into its billion
dollars of watered stock and bonds by
reason of its monopoly? and isn't this
monopoly the child of the Tariff, which
shuts out foreign competition?
But the Republican leaders say that the
Tariff benefits the farmer and the laborer.
Let us turn to the Statistical Abstract
of the United States for 1905, and search
for the people who are getting the benefit
of our increase in wealth. The national
wealth is now put at $110,000,000,000. It
increases at the rate of four per cent per
annum. This is $4,400,000,000.
Who gets it?
Uncle Sam’s official reports, for 190=;,
show that after paying for material, after
paying wages, and after allowing eight
per cent interest on the capital invested
the manufacturers got $2,672,000,000.
This sum is nearly three times the
whole gross revenue of Great Britain!
’The entire increase in national wealth
having been $4,400,000,000, and the Tariff
barons having got the above enormous
slice of it, there was left for everybody
else, to divide among themselves, $1,728,-
000,000.
Now, let us see who got that.
Well, the little old railroads got, clear
of all items of expense and interest, the
sum of $327,000,000.
Deduct that from what we had left
after the Tariff barons got theirs, and we
have $1,391,000,000 to divide out among
all others.
The modest national banks returned
their net profits at $127,000,000, and we
will let it go at that.
Deduct this, and we still have left
$1,264,000,000 to be divided among the re
mainder of |he 80,q00,00q people of the
country.
The savings banks report a modest sur
plus fund and undivided profits amount
ing to $238,000,000.
When we have sliced off their share
from what we had left, above, our re
mainder is $1,026,000,000.
To say nothing of their annual divi
ders, the State Banks reported a sur
plus of profits on hand, September, 1906,
of $490,000,000.
Allowing these institutions to make off
with their little savings, we now have left
only $536,000,000 to divide out among all
the people not already mentioned.
The Life Insurance Companies report
ed a net surplus of $333,000,000. The Fire
and Marine Insurance Companies report
ed net profits of $14,000,000.
Add these and we have $347,000,000,
which we must subtract from the $536,-
000,000, which was left after the little
old State Banks got theirs.
Having subtracted, accordingly, we
find that we now have $189,000,000 to
divide out among all the rest of the folks,
excepting those already mentioned.
But there are the Accident Insurance
Companies —they seem to have cleared
$40,000,000 in 1905. And Lloyd’s and
inter-insurance companies appear to have
cleared a goodly pile. As we are not cer
tain as to the exact sum, we will leave
out the latter, and simply deduct the $40,-
000,000 to cover both.
This being done, we have only $159,-
000,000 left. To this measly sum have
we reduced the annual increase of the
nation’s wealth, after allotting their
shares to those already named.
Out «f this remainder we must satisfy
the Pullman Palace-car Company, and
the four big Express Companies, and the
Meat-packers, and the Building & Loan
Associations, The American News Com
pany —which is one of the greediest
and most despotic of all the Trusts.
By the time these corporations have
“got theirs,” nothing remains for the farm
ers and laborers excepting about enough
to live on, and we are not a bit surprised
when we turn to the reports on the Agri
cultural classes and find that they got
practically none of the increase of the
nation’s wealth.
THE MANUFACTURING CORPO
RATIONS, AND OTHER SPECIAL
LY PRIVILEGED CORPORATIONS,
GOT IT ALL!
The Republican Ticket and Plat
form.
The Jeffersonian has always felt that
Mr. Roosevent would be the nominee of
the Republican Party. The “third term”
argument does not apply to him, for the
reason that he has had only one term
of his own.
Had McKinley been shot during the
last month of his term, and the Vice-
President had served out that month, and
had then been elected to the Presidency,
we do not believe that the “third term”
-cry would ever have been heard. No
body would have called the unexpired
imonth of McKin/ey’s term, Roosevelt’s