PAGE FOUR
A Directors’ Meeting.
James J. Hill characterized the meeting of
Governors, and other prominent citizens, with
the President in Washington, as “a directors’
meeting of the great political and economic
corporation known as the United States of
America,” of which “the stockholders are
the 87,000,000 people of this country.” This
was an apt characterization, but Mr. Hill
forgot to add that for long years the nominal
directors have been mere figure heads, and
their functions have been usurped by an Ex
ecutive Committee, of which Mr. Hill is a
very prominent member. Now, if Mr. Hill
and the other members of the Executive Com
mittee. (self-appointed), had been content with
a little less power and pelf, the nation, only
333 years old, with the greatest bank of na
tural resources ever owned by any people,
would not be having to hold directors’ meet
ings to keep from breaking the bank. It is
to be hoped that this first directors’ meeting
is but a preliminary to the stockholders get
ting the control back in their own hands and
retiring the Executive Committee.
Colonel Stewart’s Case.
Senator Raynor, of Maryland, is making a
mighty outcry over the exile of Colonel Stew
art, an artillery officer, to an abandoned post
in Arizona. The Senator blames the Presi
dent for arbitrary and unjust action. The
President stands on his rights as Commander
in-Chief of the Army. Colonel Stewart ap
pears to be a mulish, irascible officer who
does not get along with anybody. That much
is due the President. On the other hand, the
President is of that temperament which often
commits grave injustice. It is, therefore,
not amiss for Senator Raynor, and others, to
keep a sharp eye on the Commander-in-Chief.
The Naval Junket.
The battleship squadron is still going the
rounds. After a stunt at Magdalena Bay and
another at San Francisco, the squadron is now
prancing around Puget Sound, preparatory to
crossing the Pacific.
Railroad Rates.
It is apparent that the Railway managers
are getting ready for a raise in rates. The
Illinois Manufacturers’ Association is respon
sible for the statement that it will add $1.75
to the annual expenses of every inhabitant of
the United States. This does not seem a good
time for people to face increased expense,
but then the Railroads claim that they need
the money, and surely the people have learned
by this time that what Railroad managers
want they must have.
Congress Finishing Up.
Congress is drawing to a close, adjournment
expected today, with nothing done except the
appropriations. These amount to $1,026,000,-
000 for one year’s expenses. If we estimate
our population at 87,000,000, it gives .nearly
sl2 per capita for governmental expenses, or
S6O per family of five. If we add to the na
tional expense the state, county and town ex
penses, it is apparent that it costs us SIOO
per family per year to govern ourselves, and
even at the price wo do not do any extra good
job.
THE JEFFERSONTAN.
The Georgia Campaign
Draws to a close, much to the relief of
many of us who are getting tired of the ever
lasting street corner disputes over Hoke
Brown and Joe Smith; we mean Hoke Smith
and Joe Brown; we simply got mixed, like the
street orators do.
More Weather Disturbances.
Great storms have again swept Texas and
Oklahoma. At this date (May 26) the full
extent of the damage cannot be stated, but
there is said to have been considerable loss of
life from high water and immense property
damage.
Madame Anna Gould.
Again the lady is in evidence. This time
she is reported as having figured in a secret
marriage, with her new prince. Next day
comes the denial. It is a toss up which is the
bigger fool, Madame Anna chasing around aft
er an impecunious prince, or the Associated
Press Manager who day after day burdens the
despatches with the silly twaddle.
Thaw Case.
The decision in the lunacy proceedings has
gone against Thaw and he has been remanded
to the asylum. In view of the fact that he
was acquitted of the murder charge on the
ground of insanity, the present logical deci
sion comes somewhat as a surprise—so un
usual, don’t you know.
Trolley Accidents.
On May 24 a trolley car collision in Phila
delphia killed three, mortally wounded five,
and injured 45 others. Total casualties, 53.
This shows that the trolley cars mean busi
ness and intend to enter seriously into compe
tition with the steam railroads as instruments
of destruction. What is the matter with the
American people that we cannot run anything
without wholesale killing?
Russia’s New Road.
The Russian Bureaucracy has forced the
Duma to pass a bill providing for 1,300
miles of road in Eastern Siberia, which will
give Vladivostok a connection over an all Rus
sian road. The charge is made by Russian
writers that it will cost 250 millions of dol
lars. In view of such inhuman and wicked
expenditure of money wrung from starving
people, it is not surprising that the Russian
people endeavor to temper despotism with as
sassination.
Street Car Strike Waning.
The violent strike of street car employes in
Cleveland, 0., which has greatly disturbed that
city, is reported to be in a fairway for set
tlement.
Postal Scale $1,??
Telle at a glance postage in CENTS on all
mail matter. Capacity, 1 pound by half
ounces. 3 inches high. Cuts down the
stamp bill. Useful and attractive pres- BJL3t B’
ent. We make several styles from 81.00 iWI/.l j jMg- 1
in nickel, as shown, up to 86.00 in sterling. Isl
If dealer doesn't sell it, we prepay ontj? YliMn
receipt of price. Catalogue P. free. |j jj gHkrl
Pelouze Scale & Mfg, Co.
OHIO ®T., CHICAGO. *
ABOUT PRESS INTERVIEWS.
There is one point, it seems to us, upon
which leaders in the Union should sometimes
be more careful, and that is the quality of the
interviews given to the daily papers. While,
as a rule, these interviews ought to be bene
ficial, their frequency sometimes inspires
others without knowledge to seek notoriety
in interviews that may do the Union harm
rather than good. Some definite rules ought
to be laid down to govern in this particular.
The average newspaper reporter cares very
little what sort of an interview or article he
gets, so it is sensational. In fact, the more
liable it is to create friction and heart-burn
ings the better it suits him and the paper for
which he “hustles.”
For instance, we saw the other day in the
Houston Post, copied from a New Orleans
paper, a telegram that was evidently inspired
by some member of the Union that ought not
to be a member. The contents of the telegram
showed knowledge of Union matters that only
a member could have. Yet the publication
was a tissue of falsehoods and slanders of
some leading officers and workers in the Union.
A program should be adopted looking to a
weeding-out from the Union of all members
who thus betray its interests by attempts to
foment discord. It may require a long time
to do it, but it can be done. Men who are in
the Union for but one purpose, and that
purpose personal gain at the expense of the
order, are in the wrong place. It is natural
that few, if any, members of the Union are
in it with the sole purpose of benefiting
others without deriving any personal benefit.
But there are thousands in the Union with
whom the interest of the order and the people
are paramount—come first. This is as it ought
to be with all. They know what benefits all
must benefit them. But the fellow who cares
only for himself; whose every act looks to
gratification of personal ambition or personal
gain, regardless of benefits to the order as a
whole, ought to be made to understand that
his sort of people are not wanted. This
applies with extra emphasis to irresponsible
scribblers who deal in falsehood and slander.
—Texas Farmer.
DON’T SHOUT TOO HARD.
New York Democrats, that is some of them,
are rejoicing because they have gotten rid
of McCarren. While I admit that there is
some reason for this, still I would warn my
fellow democrats of New York not to press
too hard on the loud pedal in the exuberance
of their joy, for the ousting of McCarren
brought about the triumph of Murphy and
the securing of Conners in the championship
of the State Democratic Committee.
Everybody knows that McCarren is an arch
type of the corrupt politician, but Murphy
and Conners are no better and no worse. I
cannot see that the Democratic party of New
York has gained much by getting rid of
McCarren, while retaining and advancing and
making powerful Murphy and Conners.
It is very much to Mr. Bryan’s credit that ha
refused to have any secret conferences with
Conners on his recent tour through New York.
—Tallahasaae, Florida, Skin.