WHOSE OX IS GORED.
The Sugar People :
Oh, yes, revise the tariff, gents—
Now, really, we insist;
But when you ’re going over things,
Please leave us off the list.
The Coal Barons:
We think the tariff should be cut;
It is too high by far-;
However, when you come to us
Just leave us where we are.
The Steel Folks:
Revise the tariff, if you must;
It might be done, we own;
But should our products meet your
eyes,
Please let them quite alone.
The Tobacco Kings:
The tariff ought to be .revised;
On some things it’s too high.
We’re satisfied the way it is,
So kindly pass us by.
Every Protected Interest:
Yes, yes, revise the tariff, sirs;
We know it ought to be.
But fix the other fellows’ lines—
We’re quite contented, see?
—Charles R. Barnes, in the N. Y.
World.
“NO SLAUGHTER OF INTER
ESTS.’’
Senator Hale, of Maine, thinks it
is safe to say that there will be “no
radical changes” when the tariff is
revised. “Recent events have made
it certain,” he adds, “that there will
be no slaughter of interests.”
To be sure. Did anybody seriously
believe that the Grand Old Party of
Morgan, Roosevelt, Rockefeller, Root,
Harriman, 'Cannon, Carnegie, Payne
and Dalzell would slaughter “inter
ests,” whether in revising the tariff
or in doing anything else? “The ox
knoweth his owner, and the ass his
master’s crib.”—N. Y. World.
The Plum Pudding.
Here also are a couple of good but
not very formidable methods of mak
ing plum pudding:
No. 1. —One pound of suet, one and
a half pounds of currants, half a
pound of raisins, the yolks of eight
eggs, the whites of four, the crumb
of a penny loaf (grated), one pound
of flour, half a nutmeg (grated), a
teaspoonful of ground ginger, a pinch
of salt and two tablespoonfuls of rose
water. Method —First beat the eggs
with some milk, add the flour, shred
sliet, fruit and other ingredients by
degrees; stir very thoroughly into a
stiff dough. Boil in buttered moulds
for five hours.
No. 2. —One pound of raisins, one
and a half pounds of currants, one
pound of suet, half a pound of fine
bread crumbs, one pint of milk, ten
eggs, three-quarters of a pound of
flour, three-quarters of a pound of
mixed candied peel, one small nut
meg, and two tablespoonfuls of rose
water. Method —'Stone the raisins,
and cut them across, cut the peel
into thin slices, chop the suet very
fine. Mix these with the bread
crumbs, flour and other dry ingre
dients. Add the eggs well beaten
with the milk and rose water. Mix
thoroughly; put into a large mould,
tie a floured cloth over it, and boil
for six hours. Serve-with arrowroot
sauce. —Nashville Banner.
Okra may be put up in dry salt, a
layer of salt and a layer of okra, till
a jar is full. When wanted for use
soak and prepare as when fresh.
For the bottom of bureau and chif
fonier drawers, nothing is so cleanly
as white table oilcloth, cut to fit ex
actly. The dust can be frequently
•wiped out with a damp cloth and you
can dust borax under it and keep the
roaches out. —The Magnet.
How much sacrifice do some pool’
mothers make on the altar of personal
vanity, and how little time and tem
per must be left to devote to the
spiritual training of the child. What
a lack there is in such a home of the
true spirit of motherhood, of that
tender care which the child will re
member in after years, and which
will help to guide him aright over the
pitfalls that beset every path. The
boy who looks upon his home as a
place for the display of nervous irri
tation that comes from overwork,
where everything is sacrificed to the
love of show and no place is left for
the angel of rest and peace, will leave
it at his first opportunity, and at the
same time his training has ill-fitted
him to meet, the great temptations out
side. —Dodson Times.
E. 11. Harriman is hungering for
the Seaboard Air Line, which will
just about make a belt of railroad
throughout the States for which there
can be no adequate competition. And
why should he not proceed to own all
the systems? He can’t be subpoe
naed by the Inter-state Commerce
Commission; and the Sherman Anti
trust law, he appears to feel sure will
never be made to apply in the case
of merger of railroads. Well, by and
by, when the people get) tired of
private ownership grab, maybe they
will make a grab of their own for
some of these things.
Following the achievement of Miss
Peck, who climbed the highest peak
of the Andes last summer, comes re
port that Mrs. Fanny Workman,
daughter of the late Gov. Bullock of
Massachusetts, has crossed two of the
four greatest glaciers of the Himalay
as, the Hispar and the Biafo, on the
Indian frontier. She surmounted a
pyramid of snow nearly 23,000 feet
high. Her husband accompanied her,
but did not attempt to reach the high
er altitudes.
> ti
TO Earl^? ead c e l r - About ten days Earliest Flat ) THESE ARE THE KIND THAT MADE SOUTH
Fine, Medium Size. later than E. Jersey. Cabbage. A large f-
Excellent Shipper. A full size larger. yielder and a good CAROLINA FAMOUS FOR CABBAGE GROWING
Delicious for Table. A Money Maker. shipper. r ■
They need no introduction. We guarantee FULL COUNT, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED. Send money with order,
othetwise plants will be shipped C. O. D. and you will have to pay return charges on the money* thus adding to the cost of your plants.
Prices F. o. B. Young’s Island: 500 for 11.00; 1,000 to 4,000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8,000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9,000 to 20,000 at SI.OO per 1,000. Special
prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries. M rmenu ,
\Y Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. GIBSON, DOX 33, Young 8 Island, Sa
3effersontan
Look What You Get for 25 Cents
For 25 cents we will send you A BEAUTIFUL ALBUM, entitled “VIEWS
FROM ALL COUNTRIES,” size 6xß inches, 64 pages, containing 75 views.
These views are nearly all reproductions from original photographs. They
have been selected for the especial purpose of producing a book of views from
ALL OVER THE WORLD that will please, entertain and instruct all who look
through its pages.
A SET OF 10 SONG POSTAL CARDS CONTAINING 10 POPULAR
SONGS
And your choice for one year of the three following papers:
Successful Farming, Des Moines, lowa, monthly 25 cents.
Woman’s World, Chicago, 111., monthly 25 cents.
Household Journal, Springfield, Ohio, monthly, 25 cents.
FOR 50 CENTS we will give you all three of the above papers, the ALBUM,
the set of 10 SONG POSTAL CARDS and a set of 12 BEAUTIFUL LAN
GUAGE OF FLOWERS postal cards.
These papers are among the best of their class. Send us your money
today, and the album and cards will go to you by return mail, and the papers
will follow as soon as your name can be sent to the publishers.
CENTRAL NEWS CO., 17 Keystone Building, Chattanooga, Tenn.
I 2 Grand Easter Souvenir Post Cards—FßEE.
The most beautiful Easter Cards ever produced—4 Angels, 4 Easter Flowers, 4
Crosses and Flowers; heavy embossed, colors and gold. Most tasty and appro
priate Easter Cards in the world. Nothing else equal to them. Send 4 cents for
postage and packing and we will send these 12 grand Easter cards free. Also
our plan whereby you can get fifty other magnificent post cards free. Address
THE SIMMONS PUBLISHING CO., 249 Washington St., Springfield, Ohio.
MaKing More Money Out of
Cotton Crops
is merely a question of using enough of the right
kind of fertilizers.
Virginia-Carolina
F ertilizers
are the right kind.
The cotton plant cannot feed on barren land. Study
your soil. Find out what it lacks. Then apply the
necessary fertilization and the results will surprise you.
See what Mr. W. C. Hays of Smith Station, Ala., did. He says:
“I planted about 30 acres of some ‘gray sandy land’ that had been in
cultivation for over 20 years, and used 300 pounds of Virginia-Caro
lina Fertilizers per acre, and I expect to gather 30 bales from
the 30 acres.'* This is why we say it is the right kind. We have
hundreds of letters like this, and even stronger, in praise of Virginia-
Carolina Fertilizer for cotton.
Get a copy of the new 1909 Virginia-Carolina Farmers’ Year Book
from your fertilizer dealer, or write our nearest sales office and a copy
will be sent you free. It contains pictures of the capitols of all the
Southern States.
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Sales Offices Sales Offices
Richmond, Va. Durham, N. C.
Norfolk, Va. FcrtlftecrS Charleston, S. C.
Columbia, S. C. Ivlrginia-QiroliiiaX Baltimore, Md.
Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga.
Savannah,Ga. Co" Montgomery, Ala.
Memphis, Tenn. Shreveport, La.
J
Ground Phosphate Rock
THE GREAT SOIL BUILDER.
Direct from our Tennessee mills to the farm. Unequaled for compost
ing, home mixing or direct application. Guaranteed to be double the
strength of acid phosphate at half the cost. Write for information and
prices.
FARMERS UNION PHOSPHATE CO., Birmingham, Ala.
PAGE FIFTEEN