PAGE TWELVE
The Goodly Firm of Duckworth,
Ladson and Boodle-hamer !
(concluded from page nine)
It includes the boycott, the defiance of the
courts, and the purpose to deprive the courts
of the right to protect your “business”.
The free use of property, is generally the
same thing as “business”. Thus, the free and
natural use of a farm, is the business of
farming.
The American Federation of Labor de
mands that the courts be shorn of the power
to protect you in the business of farming.
Do you favor any such law as that?
Certainly not. But Ladson does, and so
do Duckworth and Boodle-hunter.
Last fall, the Treasurer of the Populist
Committee of Georgia mourned two things,—
(1) That there was nothing in the Treas
ury, and
(2) That his own pockets were empty.
In his melancholy, he arose and walked
straightway to the Republican headquarters,
—where Bob Lowry, the Republican national
banker, was presiding with, no doubt, a ma
jestic port/and an awful dignity. The Popu
list Treasurer, on the hunt for treasure, made
passes at Lowry, suggestive of fusion and
campaign dough. Bob was willing, enough,
but he wanted to see some slight evidence that
our melancholy Treasurer was by authority,
in the Republican committee-room. Greatly
surprised that Lowry required such formali
ties, the treasure-seeking Treasurer, meander
ed down to my room at the Kimball. Well,
he did not get the credentials he wanted; nor
was he permitted to even discuss the matter.
The disappointed seeker of Republican
funds, was Bodenhamer, junior partner of
the firm of Duckworth, Ladson & Boodle
hamer.
Now, Farmer, these are the three men who
boss your paper, and Union City. They are
using your lecturers and organizers, to put
subscription-money into Duck’s individual
pocket; and to rake shekels from you for in
vestment in Union City enterprises.
FARMER! THOSE MEN WON'T DO!
When Bodenhamer betrayed the Populist
Committee and candidate, by going on that
stealthy campaign for Republican money, he
proved that he wouldn’t do to trust.
When Ladson roped those Neal Bank of
ficials into a criminal misappropriation of the
funds, and thus wrecked the bank, he proved
that he wouldn’t do.
And when Duckworth, who had in his pa
per denounced the ship-subsidy as a steal,
went to the Galveston Farmers’ Union Con-
A WATSON KNIFE FREE
Send us five trial three-months subscriptions to The Jeffersonian at
Twenty-five cents each, and we will send you our Watson knife
free. Use this coupon. Write plainly.
NAME POST-OFFICE R.F.D. STATE
_ »
Sender.
Post-Office.
Mail this, with $1.25, to The Jeffersonian, Thomson, da.
Jeffersonian
vention to make “an enthusiastic speech” in
favor of it, and returned to Georgia to again
denounce it editorially as “a steal”, — Duck
proved that HE wouldn’t do.
“ Up-to-Date Farming ”
Is the name of a splendid agricultural pa
per published at Indianapolis, Indiana.
A recent paragraph has this golden nug
get:
“Watch these lawmakers. Two other measures will
be up in the next Congress, and the same men who
compelled the class features of the tariff law will be
prominent in support of both of them. One is for cen
tralized control of the money of the country, than
which a worse measure, so far as the masses of the
people and the general interests of the country are
concerned, was perhaps never before suggested. The
other is the old and oft-defeated ship-subsidy bill. It
is simply a scheme to draw from the public treasury
funds to guarantee profits to a business in which the
masses who pay the taxes are not at all concerned. If
it is important that the American flag float ovei’
freight-carrying vessels, let the Government itself own
and operate the vessels, so that those who pay the cost
may reap the profits.”
Evidently, the Equity Society and its great
newspaper organ have not sold out to the Re
publican-Hearst ship-subsidy thieves.
Here Comes Fred
(concluded from page one)
negroes. The Latins have mixed with them,
in the Old World and in the New.
Portugal, the lowest of European nations,
is negroid.
That, and the intolerance of Roman Ca
tholicism, accounts for Portugal’s degrada
tion. The terrible depravity which prevails
in Central and South America is due to mon
grelization and to the Catholic hierarchy.
The utterly false doctrine of the natural
equality of races, has been a curse to Cuba,
Mexico, Latin America, and to those Euro
pean peoples who have intermarried with ne
groes.
Southern white men have used the unmoral
and perfectly willing black women as concu
bines, but never as wives. There is not a
white man in Dixie who is living with a ne
gro wife. There was one, but he died, a few
weeks ago. He was a Northern man, who
came down here, in Reconstruction days. He
married a negro woman, and lived with the
negroes. It was in North Carolina; and the
papers were publishing notices of his life
and death, just a little while ago.
Who are those abnormal white men that
are marrying negresses in Washington City?
They are Northern men. Where will you find
the white woman that has the black husband?
THE CONFEDERATE VETERAN
S. A. CUNNINGHAM, Proprietor, NASHVILLE, TENN.
This periodical begins its eighteenth year with January, 1910. It
officially represents all the general Confederate organizations the
United Confederate Veterans, the United Sons of Confederate Veterans,
the United Daughters of the Confederacy, and the Confederated Me
morial Association.
The Veteran is absolutely loyal to the cause of the South, and yet
its tone is so fair and just that Union Veterans are of its devoted pa
trons. It is supplied with The Jeffersonian for $1.25 per year.
Write to The Veteran, Nashville, Tenn., for sample copy.
Dead my prices on Cabbage Plants. If you do not need plants now, you
will need them later on.
All of my Plants are grown in the open field, and I guarantee them to
be frost-proof. All varieties—Charleston Wakefield, Successions', Augusta
Trucker, Early Jersey Wakefield, Early and Late Elat Dutch.
Satisfaction and count guaranteed.
IN LOTS OF 1,000 TO 5,000, AT $1.25 PER THOUSAND
IN LOTS OF 0,000 TO 10,000, AT SI.OO PER THOUSAND
Write for Prices on Larger Lots.
Cash, P. O. Money Order, or Express Money Order must come with all
orders. Will not ship Plants C. O. D. unless half of the amount of order is
sent in. Frost and cold can not hurt my Plants.
I grow, I sell, I guarantee Frost-Proof Cabbage Plants.
H. LEON LARISEY,
Grower of Plants.
Telegraph and Express Office: MEGGETTS, S. C.
Box J.
In such cities as Chicago, New York, Boston
and Philadelphia.
YOU WON'T FIND ANY OF THEM IN
THE SOUTH, THANK GOD!
In Nebraska, the law not only establishes
the mixed school and college, but encourages
miscegenation. Negro men wed white wom
en, and it may be that white men take black
wives. In Fred's Kansas, it is the same.
Where the Caucasian female takes an Afri
can mate, the Caucasian male probably does
the same thing.
At all events, the laws of the South penal
ize mixed marriages, and they never occur in
Dixieland, —never.
As to the mulattoes, Fred, the Northern
traveler, sojourning in the Southern States,
begets quite a goodly percentage of those
mongrels.
Then, again, the black woman, going North
to live, brings the mulatto child into the
world; and this half-blood, in due time,
mothers the quadroon, who, in her turn,
breeds the octoroon. Northern negresses get
so white, that they marry off as white wom
en, now and then. It is only when this ap
parently pure Caucasian brings her white
husband a kinky-headed and near-black
child, that a scandal and divorce ensues.
We never have tragedies like that in the
South, Fred.
Glad you find my articles on Socialism
amusing. The December Jeffersonian Maga
zine will carry another chapter that you’ll
think awfully funny.
By the way, Fred, I see that in our Jef
fersonian territory, you are losing subs, like
the dickens. According to your own figures,
you had more than 18,000 of the dupes to
drop your paper, during the last month. A
year ago, you were gaining about a thousand
a week; now you’re losing from three to five
thousand a week.
You will have to have yourself put in jail
again, won’t you, Fred? Or you’ll have to
get somebody to shoot at you; or, at least, to
bung you up,—so that you can howl about
“the hell-hounds of capitalism” that are on
your trail.
Fred, why don't you and Debs and Way
land and Victor Berger and Richard Le Gal
lienne and Robert Hunter sign and publish
that statement which I challenged you to
YOU DARE NOT DO IT!
You fellows are humbugging the country
people. You preach one doctrine, as Social
ism, to the big cities, and you preach quite
another to the rural communities.
FRED, I JUST DARE YOU FELLOWS
TO ACCEPT THAT CHALLENGE.