to bejioped, however, that “their way” will
not become the fashion.
In Bro. Rolfe’s letter to “Dear Omri”, the
latter is accused of misleading an orphan girl
into defiance of the Bible School authorities,
and into “telling stories”. (This doesn’t
mean anecdotes: it means “a shorter and ug
lier word”.)
Dear Omri is also accused of telling “Miss
Ethel Bell that certain women who have been
spending their lives in sacrifice had no more
religion than a sow”.
The reply which “Dear Omri” makes, on
this point, is so very remarkable that I give
’it in Omri’s own words:
“5. My language to ladies and concerning
ladies has been as nice and decent as the
purest English affords. What woman has
not seen a sow?” [ltalics mine.] “Is wom
anhood so pure that such an abominable (?)
name is not to be mentioned before her?”
Dear Omri dodges the point, you see. He
did not deny that he had told Miss Bell that
some of the Bible ..School ladies had no more
religion than a sow.
How much religion Omri himself has, God
only knows. But he charges that members
of the Bible School faculty are guilty of
things which they could not get forgiveness
for, without a thousand years of prayer.
And yet, knowing all this, Omri said noth
ing about it, colluded in concealing it; does
not even now teTl us who the guilty members
are, or what they have done; but he felt called
upon to go into the papers to attack me! And
why? Because it has become a fad to be
more concerned about the foreigners than
about home folks and home conditions.
I guess I won’t reply to Omri’s piece at
tacking me. He himself has replied to it,
most effectively.
_________________________ ♦
“Epochical” Ellis Again
Says The Christian Index:
“Mr. Ellis is the gentleman who was selected
by some prominent laymen of our State as their
champion to meet Thos. E. Watson in debate on
Missions, a debate which Mr. Watson was smart
enough to decline.”
Well, Mr. Watson isn’t the only smart man
that’s declining debates.
There are Messrs. Bell and Graham who
were “smart enough to decline” to allow me
to come into The Christian Index, and debate
Missions with any and all comers—the migh
ty Ellis not excepted.
And then there’s Rev. W. C. Lovett, D.D.:
he’s a smart one, too. He refused to let me
have it out with Towson & Co., you remem
ber.
And then, again, there’s Bro. Lengee
Broughton: he was smart enough to decline
to debate with Rev. J. A. Scarboro, or to
enter into a written controversy with Yours
as-Ever.
In fact, every one of these so-called relig
ious papers has the happiness to be edited
and managed by m,en who are “smart enough
to decline” to allow one of us Gospel Mis
sions advocates a fair fight in their hide
bound columns.
Suppose I should lay down all my editorial
and book writing work, to go nearly two
hundred miles for a verbal discussion with
a negligible quantity like Epochical Ellis,
how could I refuse the “challenges” of bump
tious Everybodys and Nobodys all over the
land?
Besides, such a question as Foreign Mis
sions could not be satisfactorily disposed of
in a verbal debate of two or three hours.
However, to show that I felt no lack of
confidence in my position, I published in the
Washington (D. C.) Post an offer to donate
SI,OOO to home charities if the fanatics could
get Bryan to meet me. This offer, as I dis
tinctly stated, is good for all of this year.
Surely, Bryan will come home after awhile;
and then we will see what he has to say
about it.
Xsbe 3efTersoruan
I will debate the question with him orally,
or in writing, either in this paper or in my
Magazine.
But remember that I favor the preaching
of the Word to all nations. Give every
creature the opportunity to become a Christ
tian. But don't pay anybody to join our
churches. Salvation is free—unclogged by
admission fees: let it always remain so. But
let the renunciation of Sin and the repudia
tion of other religions be free, also. Don't
present a gold watch to an influential
“heathen”, WHILE HE IS WAVERING,
on the matter of joining one of the Protest
ant churches. Don’t seduce the starving Chi
naman or Hindu with plentiful rations.
Don’t bribe the poor and the homeless. and
the afflicted and the illiterate with shoes,
clothing, free lodging, free schools, free
medicines and free hospitals. DON'T TAX
THE CONGREGATIONS IN AMERICA
FOR DENTAL WORK AND GOLD
LEAF FOR THE DECAYING FANGS
OF THE HEATHEN.
Keep all your charity work for homefolks.
God knows how sorely they need all that
good-Samaritan work that you are doing for
the Mohammedans, the Buddhists, the Con
fucionites; and for the Catholics of Mexico,
of Cuba, of Jamaica, of Porto Rico, of Cen
tral America, of South America, of Italy and
other States of Europe.
While you spent $1,400 to “win” each of
those degenerate Catholics in Rome, you
might, at a smaller expense, have prevented
a thousand Americans from going over to
Pappy.
Fow went to Italy to tempt destitute wid
ows and orphans, by gifts of food, shoes,
clothing and shelter LEAVING THE
CHILDREN OF YOUR OWN NATION
AL HOUSEHOLD TO PERISH TO
DE A TH. Shame on you!
Your big Laymen’s banquet in St. Louis
cost $4,000: and while those rampant philan
thropists were stuffing, at two dollars per
plate, and were talking, between courses, of
the poor benighted heathen, there were thou
sands of white men, women and children, in
that one city, WHO WERE GOING DOWN
TO THE HELL OF PAUPERISM AND
DESPAIR WITHOUT HOPE IN MAN,
WITHOUT FAITH IN GOD!
Men and Brethren! Let us organize
against these unnatural, mission-mad fa
natics.
Revise Court Procedure, Urges
Thos. E. Watson
(From the Constitution of February 16, 1910.)
Editor Constitution :—After reading the
very thoughtful and timely article of Judge
. Fred Foster in Sunday’s Constitution, I am
moved to give you some ideas of my own on
that most important subject.
In November, 1876, t entered upon the
practice of law at this place, and for nearly
thirty years I was in the courts. From the
lowest to the highest, my business ran; and I
became professionally familiar with all kinds
of litigants and litigation.
Consequently, a disinterested expression of
opinion, coming from a lawyer of my ex
perience, may be worth consideration.
Judge Foster failed to touch either one of
the two most vital defects in our plan of
campaign to punish crime by process of law.
(1) Our Judges act as umpires of a game
played by hired experts. In this particular,
the American system (State Courts, I mean),
is utterly vicious. Judges should be made re
sponsible for the meting out of justice. They
should take an active hand in the trial, at all
stages. They should not allow a good case
to be lost through the fault of a sorry law
yer. The trial should not be a mere bout be
tween opposing counsel.
The Judge should be in the highest, broad
est, best sense amicus curiae— the friend of
the Court. He should ask such questions as
counsel, through ignorance or inadvertence,
fail to ask. He should rule out such testi
mony as he considers improper, whether ob
jection is raised by counsel or not. He should
see to. it that no man suffer on account of the
inferiority of his lawyer.
If the verdict is wrong, in his opinion, he
should see to it that steps are taken to set it
aside. If it be a criminal, and the defend
ant’s attorneys refuse to* go on with the case,
for lack of fees or other reason, the Judge
should appoint a lawyer to move for the new
trial.
If there appear on the face of the plead
ings any defect, of omission or commission,
the Judge should suggest the necessary
amendments.
AN END TO TECHNICALITY.
The iron law of the technicality should be
forever brohen. Its reign has been the scan
dal of the courts. It has defeated justice,
outraged common sense and insulted public
opinion.
(2) In the remote past prisoners were tor
tured to force confession. Going to the other
extreme, we do not permit the accused to be
examined save by his own consent. We even
allow him to make the statement which his
lawyer s have fixed for him; we do not per
mit the prosecution to question him concern
ing it; and we compel the Judge to charge
the jury that they may believe this cooked-up
story m preference to all the sworn testi
mony.
This is sheer and idiotic nonsense. No in
nocent person would object to being ques
tioned concerning the crime of which he is
falsely accused. Only the guilty could have
any objection. Consequently, we retain a
custom and practice which notoriously shields
guilt.
How can we be surprised to learn that
crime goes “unwhipt of justice”, when we
frame our code for that very purpose?
Nobody but the guilty ever did, ever does,
or ever can derive any benefit from our ab
surd tenderness toward the defendant ac
cused of crime.
In the very nature of things, the innocent
cannot possibly be helped by such a system,
n ail my practice I never had a case in which
my client, being innocent of the charge
brought against him, did not insist on going
upon the stand and voluntarily offering him
self to cross-examination.
And I will say another thing, which will
not be disputed by any experienced lawyer:
It is practically impossible to convict an in
nocent man.
I have seen hundreds of defendants set free
by the precious words. “We, the jury, find
the defendant not guilty,” although judge,
jury, lawyers and spectators knew that these
acquitted persons were reeking with crime.
Ihe case could not be made out beyond a
reasonable doubt— so tenderly considerate is
our law of the criminal!
, Knowing as I do how exceedingly difficult
it is to convict in penal cases, I have been
appalled by the levity with, which pardons
are granted. It is 'enough to dishearten
prosecutors and prosecuting officers. The ’ex
ceeding delays of the law; the postponement
after postponement; the new trial; the fond
ness of the upper courts for reversals on ut
terly unimportant technical grounds—these
are the headwaters of crime waves and mob
law.
Georgia stands at the very bottom of the
Ist in the PUNISHMENT of crime; she is
almost at the head of the list of States in the
punishing the class in the commission of it.
No other civilized State in the world has so
black a record as that which now shocks every
humane, home-loving, patriotic Georgian.
(3) On the question of keeping and bear
ing arms, Judge Foster gives sound advice—
(continued on page sixteen)
PAGE THIRTEEN