MAGAZINE THREE YEAR SUBS.
We are beginning to receive subscriptions
for three years, in response to the offer to ac
cept them at $3, thus giving a rate of $1 per
year, for the magazine.
We hope to have a thousand three-year sub
scriptions before the end of the year.
This offer is personal to the subscriber, and
admits of no commission or premium.
The Jeffersonian Magazine reached a self
supporting basis three months ago, and its
receipts show a most gratifying and constant
increase.
a . *
■' 1— ■ —— - ... . ....
Deposit by Mail
It la perfectly safe to remit us by mall. Pass
beaks will be sent you by return mall.
FARMERS’ ACCOUNTS ESPECIALLY
SOLICITED.
We par kateresi twice a year at rate of 4 per
cent
The Augusta Savings Bank
823 Broad St.
WM. B. YOUNG, President
J. G. WEIGLE, Cashier.
t THE DIXIE BUSINESS COLLEGE.
The School for Thoroughness.
Only Thorough Course in Office Routine and
Touch Typewriting offered in the Southeastern
States. Most Comprehensive, up-to-date Book
keeping, Shorthand, Typewriting, Banking and
Penmanship Courses in Atlanta. Write for Cat
alog and Special Summer Ratos. .
H. L. BRIDGES & BERNARD a ANSTBB,
Proprietors.
F
TOM WATSON MELON—72-tt>.
The very best and most attractive melon ever
put on the market, it is long and dark green
in color, and its eating quality has no supe
rior, it keeps longer than any other melon after
ripening, and is one of the best shipping mel
ons grown; it will make more money for those
who plant it than any other.
I planted a few acres of very thin land last
season to supply my home trade, and to se
cure more seed for the growing demand, and
to my surprise I not only made all the melons
for this purpose, but sold five car loads that
brought me $450.
Read what Mr. P. B. Sharp, of Oklahoma,
says of them: “I received the package of
seed in due time, and planted them rather late
in season, and hardly cultivated them at all,
but they grew a very fine crop of melons, the
finest that I ever saw in the Simerion Valley
this season, will plant no other next season,
as I consider this all that is desired in a
watermelon.”
I have a few seed from this wonderful melon,
to offer to the growers at $1.35 per pound, five
pounds for $6.50, express prepaid. Address
W. A. WATSON, Thomson, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
As To That Fountain Fen
You may have it as a Premium on Three NEW subscribers to The Jeffersonian Magazine,
or for Four NEW subscribers to The Weekly Jeffersonian. Mr. Watson guarantees that
the pen will give satisfaction. It is the Safety Clip, Diamond Point, Fountain Pen.
Prices Reduced oo the Watson Books
Story of Trance
In Two Large, Beautiful Volumes - - - $3.00
Add 40 cents for postage
Napoleon
Illustrated $1.75
« - - -
Add 20 cents for postage
Life and Times of J efferson
Illustrated $1.50
Add 20 cents for postage
Bethany
A Thrilling Story of the Old South and
Civil War SI.OO
Add 10 cents for postage
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Explanation: We have to order these books from New York.
* Therefore there should be an allowance made for the time necessary
to carry the order to New York and for the book to bo sent from
that city.
\\EARLY JERSEY WAKEFIELD.. CHARLESTON LARGE TYPE. SUCCESSION. " AUGUSTA TRUCKER. BHORTSTEMME"d /
1\ The Earliest 'WAKEFIELD. The Earliest A little laur FLAT DUTCH. //
1 Cabbage Grown. 2d Earliest. Flat Head Variety. than Succession. Largest and Latest Oabbaga. / /
' TRADE MARK COPYRIGHTED
fO £ © Forty years Experience and Reputation. Fifteen Thousand Satisfied Customers. IQ ACL 1
IVWU Our stock guaranteed to prove satisfactory or purchase price paid for same re- I*VQ I
funded. Thirty Thousand dollars Paid In Capital and our Reputation behind guarantee. I
HAak vnnt 1 Ranker about us. Why purchase plants from unknown or inexperienced growers,, I -
ce of losing your crop? when you can buy from the Original Cabbage
ants sure to produce satisfactory results. ♦ <•
ts of Ito 5,000 at $1.50 per thousand, sto 9,000 at $1.25 per thousand, 10,000 811
per thousand f. o. b. Young’s Island, S. C. Our special Express Rate on vJM »
V. Our Cabbage Plants are Frost Proof. To produce the best results /Z/W J
et in the South Atlantic and Gulf States in December and January. In the j
it as early in spring as land thaws sufficiently to get the plant root irt the soil, f A X/
' Catalogue ; it contains valuable information about fruit and vegetable I
nixing of fertilizers, etc. We grow a full line of Strawberry plants. Fruit I
lentals. Special terms to persons who make up club orders.
s sowing this season six thousand pounds of cabbage seed. |
Itai. C Geraty Co. Box 26 Young’s
PAGE THIRTEEN