PAGE FOUR
Os Interest to Wealth Producers
WINTER PLOWING.
Because of the fact that the teams
are in good condition, and for the
further reason that they are apt to
be idle at this season unless thus en
gaged, it is a good plan to plow the
com ground soon, provided it is land
that will not run together. I know
there are objections to early plowing
—some plant food will be leached out,
some may be carried away by the
winds —but, taking all things into
consideration, I think the preponder
ance of evidence is in favor of early
plowing on many soils. There will be
fewer worms, the soil will hold mois
ture better by being more thoroughly
pulverized and the corn will start
better, both on account of the mois
ture and the fact that the freezing
and thawing during the winter have
made available so much plant food.
If the land is steep, early plowing will
make it wash worse and consequently
should not be practiced.—W. D. Zinn
in National Stockuan.
LIFE OF THE SOIL.
Humus is the life of the soil When
made from clover or other legumes
it supplies nitrogen from the air and
as it decays in the soil it liberates
phosphorus from the phosphate rock
applied, and it also liberates potas
sium and other mineral elements from
the inexhaustible supplies contained
in the soil. It may be asserted, of
course, that while the supply of total
potassium even in the plowed soil to
a depth of six or eight itches is
practically inexhaustible ter our com
mon systems of farming the potas
sium is not in available form: but
in answer to this it may be said that
it is the business of the farmer to
make it available, just as it is the
business of the farmer to get nitro
gen from the air whenever the soil
supply becomes inadequate, and to
fact worth carrying in mind is that
the same agencies by which nitrogen
is secured from the atmosphere and
stored in the soil and liberated for
succeeding crops will also liberate
from the soil an abundance of potas
sium in form available for crops.
These agencies are clover, cow peas
and other legume crops grown and
plowed under, either directly or in
the form of manure. —G. S. Hopkins,
Illinois Experiment Station.
WOMEN AND POULTRY.
There is no field open to women to
day that is less crowded than the
poultry field; none that offers as
good returns for one’s labor; none
that affords so much freedom when
taken as a vocation, and none that
makes one so nearly independent of
others. Some of our best planned
poultry farms, as well as our best
paying ones, are the outgrowth of
woman’s skill and ingenuity in plan
ning and her financial ability in con
ducting the enterprise. Most women
show a qualification for neatness
about poultry of which men are oc
casionally void, and as cleanliness is
an important factor, she often out-
strips our 11 lords of creation” in re
sults obtained. The care of poultry
is productive of good health to wo
men engaged therein, giving them
sufficient exercise in the open air, and
just enough care and responibility
to make their work interesting and
to make them feel their importance.
The field for woman is almost un
limited, and it pays her better profits
than she can reasonably expect from
most other business ventures. —Com-
mercial Poultry.
BURBANK WORKING FOR BET
TER CORN.
Luther Burbank, the vegetable
wizard, who was recently granted a
special appropriation by the Carnegie
foundation, is to spend part of the
amount in study to improve the com
mon American corn. His seedless ap
ples and spineless cacti have become
famous, and the public will watch
with much interest his efforts to de
velop maize to greater commercial
value. The American corn, on which
much of the nation’s agricultural
prosperity rests, is one of the few
cultivated vegetable growths of which
the California, investigator has been
unable to find the original in the wild
state. He thinks it came from a
grass and that the Central American
teosinte is now its nearest wild rela
tion.
The ear of corn originally grew at
the top of its stalk, as the head of
wheat or oats does now. By crossing
species Burbank has produced a grass
that he believes is similar to the an
cestor of the corn. By studying the
origin of this great American investi
he hopes to secure a basis of investi
gation from which to evolve a corn
of still greater general utility. The
first task is to supply the missing link
in the evolution of the ear.
PLANT AN ORCHARD.
Plant an orchard of a variety of
fruits for your family’s benefit at
least. A farm without fruit is not a
home, and there is nothing more con
ducive to health than plenty of fruit
on the table.- '•
FLOWERS AND GRASS.
Then, too, have some flowers. Get
now some bulbs of hyacinths, nar
cissus and tulips and let the children
and the wife have some pretty beds
in the spring.
If you have no grass about the
house, now is the time to prepare the
soil and sow’ thickly with blue-grass
and red-top. A pretty lawn with
shrubbery and flowers, and a fine and
productive orchard and kitchen
garden will do more to keep your
children in love with the farm
than anything else, and if the
farm is ever for sale, the deco
rated homestead will add dollars to
the price for every acre on the farm
over what a similar farm would bring
with the house standing in ia bare
field. —Progressive Farmer.
3tffersoniatt
A LAND OF MILK AND MONEY.
And while you are making the
South a land of milk and money you
can make all the more cotton on a
smaller area of land because of feed
ing the cows or beeves.
Study that record from the A. and
M. College herd. When a man makes
SBBO worth of manure in nine months,
what a crop of corn he can make
with that manure spread broadcast,
and what a crop of small grain fol
lowing it to be followed by peas and
then to cotton, with cash in his pocket
to dictate prices to the fertilizer men
and no fertilizer to buy except acid
phosphate and potash for the peas.
What an area of land you would
have to cultivate in cotton that makes
150 to 200 pounds of lint per acre, to
equal the amount of money that was
made from those cows! I believe that
you would never get there. But with
the cows and the manure it would
not be long before you would be talk
ing about h,OOO pounds of lint per
acre on only one-fifth the land that
now makes the 200 pounds, and crops
of corn and small grain that would
soon be something more than “ sup
plies,” but would be putting money
in your purse. But the men who im
agine that jt does not pay to grow
anything but cotton will probably
keep on with the 150 to 200 pounds
per acre and keep poor and keep their
land poor.—W. F. Massey.
LEGUMES.
The legumes, including peas, beans,
the clover and alfalfa have the power
of taking the free nitrogen of the air
and fixing it in the soil. This most
expensive element of plant food costs
about 17 1-2 cents per pound. It con
stitutes almost three-fourths of the
atmosphere. It is the bacteria that
inhabit the roots of the legumes that
have the pow T er of fixing free nitro
gen. When the plants are not inocu
lated with the proper bacteria they
have to feed on the nitrogen in the
soil just as oats, wheat and corn do.
Generally speaking there is a dif
ferent species of bacteria for each
kind of legumes, one kind for cow
peas, another for soy beans, another
for clover, another for alfalfa.. But
the species for sweet clover is thought
to be the same as that for alfalfa.
A soil may be stocked with some
kinds while other kinds are wanting.
There are several methods of intro
ducing bacteria into a soil. Planting
the same legume on the same fields
for several successive years often re
sults in inoculation. Bringing in soil
from a field where the same legume
is growing with nodules on the roots
is another way. The third plan is to
treat the seeds with pure cultures.
The evidence of inoculation is the
nodules or tubercles on the roots of
the plant. These are the houses in
which the bacteria live.
It would look strange to see this
statement in an advertisement for the
sale of a farm: “Soil stocked with
vigorous strains of bacteria for clo
ver, soy beans and alfalfa,” but if
true, it would add to the value of the
farm. —Epitomist.
FARM NOTES.
The Oklahoma Agriculturist Col
lege gives in its bulletin these sug
gestions about cream, and the cows
that furnish it:
Clean cream, cold cream and rich
cream are the three words which tell
the secret of producing sweet cream.
Be clean and sanitary in milking.
Have all pails, crocks, cans and
daily utensils scalded and clean.
Keep the separator clean by wash
ing after each separating.
Cool each lot of cream in cool water
before setting it away and have it
thoroughly cooled before adding to
the general lot of cream. A good way
is never to mix a fresh batch of
cream with older cream, but keep
each lot from the different separatings
separate and in one gallon crocks.
Have a well ventilated cave or cool
cellar in which to keep the cream.
Stir each of the separate lots of
cream every day to keep them uni
form.
Have a wire screen for each crock
so as to “air the cream” and keep
out the flies and insects.
Skim a rich cream —35 to 45 per
cent —and it will deep sweet longer.
Deliver the cream to the creamery
or receiving station three times a
week in summer and twice a week in
winter.
Make a study of the herd of cows,
select the best, sell the poor ones, buy
or raise more good ones, grow more
cow peas and alfalfa hay for winter
feeding, and make the cows keep you
instead of you keeping the cows.
To Peach Growers
Lime-Sulphur Solution advertised by the Mallary
Mill Supply Co., for destroying the San Jose Scale
has attracted widespread interest among the
peach growers.
r
The Youth’s Companion for 1909.
The amount of good reading given to subscrib
ers to The Youth’s Companion during the year
is indicated by the following summary of contents
for 1909:
50 Star Articles
Contributed by Men and Women of Wide distinc
tion in Public Life, in Literature, in Science, In
Business, in a Score of Professions.
250 Capital Stories
Including Six Serial Stories; Humorous Stories;
Stories of Adventure, Character, Heroism.
1,000 Up-to-Date Notes
On Current Events, Recent Discoveries in the
World of Science and Nature, Important Matters
in Politics and Government.
2,000 One-Minute Stories
Inimitable Domestic Sketches. Anecdotes, Bits of
Humor, and Selected Miscellany. The Weekly
Health Article, the Weekly Woman’s Article,
Timely Editorials, etc.
c A full Announcement of the new volume will
be sent with sample copies of the paper to any
address on request. The new subscriber for 1909
who at once sends 11.75 for the new volume
(adding 50 cents for extra postage if he lives in
Canada) will receive free all the remaining issues
for 1908, including the Double Holiday Numbers;
also The Companion’s new Calendar for 1909, *Tn
Grandma’s Garden,” lithographed in 13 colors.
THE YOUTH’S COMPANION,
144 Berkeley Street, BOSTON, Mass.
. 11.1. X
THE
Georgia Home Insurance Co.
OF COLUMBUS, GA.
Is a Home Institution. Organized 1859
Nearly a Half Century Old
Total Assets ... over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders - One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization, Over Five Million Dollars
If you want Real enjoyment, send
ten cents for a copy of Humorist. Ad*
dress: Publisher Humorist, St. Louis,
Mo. In ordering your reading matter,
don’t fail to include the Humorist.