PAGE EIGHT
3effersonidit
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising: Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postofiice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
■ \
ATLANTA, GA., DECEMBER 10,1908.
Farm Commission "Reforms.”
According to Henry Wallace, member of the
Commission appointed by President Roosevelt
to investigate country life and report what the
agricultural class needs for its up-lift, that
bodv means to be extremely conservative.
If Mr. Wallace is correct, the Commission
will content itself with a programme of reform
that need not cause the dishes to rattle nor the
cat to leave off purring.
“We must have better roads,” says ye Com
mission.
Amen.
“We must have better schools.”
Amen.
(Not a whisper against the School-book
Trust, though.)
“We must have a limited parcels post.”
Amen. But Taft said it “fust.”
“We must have postal savings banks.”
So be it. But Taft had said it, already.
What was the use of so much mountain-in
labor to bring forth such a pitiful little mouse
of “reform?”
We are astonished that these eminent doc
tors, called in to diagnose the “misery” which
afflicts the farmer, did not embrace in their
sage recommendations some advice about how
to stay young and healthy,—as per John D.
Rockefeller.
A Commission which spends weeks study
ing country life, and which was charged with
the responsibility of making a trustworthy re
port, does not commend itself very highly to
an intelligent public when it omits all refer
ence to those three greatest curses to the far
mer, —an illegal and contracted currency sys
tem, a privately owned transportation system,
and a Trust-breeding Tariff system.
* » *
The Case of Peter Cagger.
A certain rich man, named Peter Cagger,
made a bargain with Bishop T. M. A. Burke,
of the Catholic Diocese of Albany, N. Y.,
which reminds one of.the good old times in
Europe when a conscience-pricked sinner
could exchange a sow and pigs for a papal in
dulgence which washed his sins away.
The trade between Peter Cagger and the
Catholic Bishop was that Cagger should fork
over the sum of $5,000, in consideration of
which the Catholic Church would offer up to
heaven one prayer every day, until Gabriel
toots his horn, for the repose of Peter Cagger’s
soul.
What a parlous knave Peter must have felt
himself to be! Doubtless he had raked his
fortune together by methods not better than
those which cause the Rockefellers and Arch
bolds to swear they “don’t remember.”
But Peter remembered. He knew that there
must be a hell somewhere for such sinners as
himself, and he did not want to go to it. Be
ing a fool as well as a sinner, he pinned his
faith in the absurd claim of the Catholics that
their priests have been given from on high the
pWer “to bjnd and loose.” They can grant
an indulgence which wipe's sin’s off the slate,
and they can pray a condemned soul out of
•£51)4.
purgatory. But it is hard work and must be
liberally paid for.
This was well known to Peter Cagger, and
he consented to pay the price demanded by his
reverence, Bishop Burke
This man of God thought that $5,000 was
none too much for a prayer, to be offered every
day as long as the world should last, for the
repose of the soul of so rich and so parlous a
knave as Peter Cagger.
So the bargain went into effect and Peter
willed that amount to Mother Church. There
was a contest over the bequest, but the Court
of Appeals held that it was valid.
So Peter won’t go to hell. By turning loose
$5,000, he saved the remainder of the loot and
got the laugh on old Nick.
Cotton Certificates, and the Sub-Treas
ury Plan of the Farmers 9 Alliance.
Mr. Jesse Ward, editor Thomasville Press,
tells the Watsonites who read his paper that
“if we” —that’s Jesse —“if we digress and dig
up a little past history and tell our readers that
Mr. Watson has changed his opinion on this
subject” (warehouse certificates.) “we fear
some more of our good friends will either get
mad with us, or break for the back door, but
such is the case.”
So it would seem that some of Jesse’s good
friends have been getting mad with him, or
have been so frightened by him that they have
broken for the back door.
In either case, our sympathies are with
Jesse.
Speaking in a paternal tone of advice and
admonition, Jesse says to these excitable
friends of Watson’s,
“Don’t break the door if we prove that Mr.
Watson once favored the principle involved
in the warehouse plan of the Union.”
Mind you, Mr. Watson had already spoken
in favor of the Cotton Certificates of the Far
mers’ Union —not that this kind of currency
is sound, but because those unscrupulous Wall
Street rascals who have cornered real money,
have made it necessary for the people to feed
the financiers out of the same spoon that they
feed out of whenever they get ready.
Jesse Ward, however, in his eagerness to
say something that would “aggravate” Mr.
Watson’s friends, starts out to convict him of
inconsistency. The refeience is to the sub
treasury system of the Farmers’ Alliance.
Jesse says that this ware-house plan of the
Alliance went to the extent of demanding that
certificates be issued upon cotton, wheat, corn,
tobacco and other farm products.
Jesse leaves his readers to infer that these
certificates were to circulate as the Cotton Cer
tificates are to do, and as the Clearing House
certificates did.
Does Jesse Ward know what the Sub-
Treasury plan of the Alliance really was? Elis
editorial indicates that he does not.
Jesse should do some digging when he
jauntily says that he will. Had he dug up a
copy of the old St.. Louis Platform of the Al
liance, or a copy of the Alliance Almanac, or
of Morgan’s “History of the Wheat and the
Alliance,” he would never have caught him
self in such a trap. He could have got the
truth had he dug up a copy of Watson’s
“Handbook,” but of course that is not now
good authority to Jesse.
The ware-house receipts of the Farmers’
Alliance were not to be circulated as money.
They were not even to be the basis upon which
the Government was to issue money.
The farmer brought his product to the Sub-
Treasury, or Government ware-house, and it
was examined and valued. Then the Govern
ment loaned him full legal tender paper money,
to the extent of eighty per cent of the value
of the property deposited.
Then the Ware-house certificate was issued
to the farmer, stating the amount and value
of the products deposited, and stating how
much mopey had been advanced by the Goyf
emment to the farmer on the products deposi
ted. m ,
The purpose of the Sub-Treasury plan was
to swell the volume of real money as the
NECESSITY for it demanded.
Just as the Government was issuing the
notes to be used as money, on the bonds own
ed by National bankers, so the farmers asked
the Government to allow a paper currency,
real money, to be based upon the farmers’
ware-housed products.
Page 180 of Morgan’s “History of the Wheat
and Alliance,” after setting forth how the farm
products shall be stored, examined, classed
and valued, and receipted for, goes on to show
that the certificate shall show the deposit of
products “and that United States LEGAL
TENDER PAPER MONEY equal to eighty
per cent of the local current value of the prod
ucts deposited HAS BEEN ADVANCED ON
SAME, on interest at one per cent, per annum.”
In other words, the lending of the money to
the farmer by the Government was to precede
the issuance of the ware-house certificate.
The plan further provided that the holder of
the certificate of deposit might redeem the
property deposited at any time within twelve
months. If not redeemed, the products were
to be sold by the Government to satisfy the
loan.
So you see, Jesse, you didn’t do what you
told “the boys” you’d do. You didn’t dig.
Whenever you promise the Watsonites that
you’re going to dig, Jesse, you must dig.
Else they’ll lose confidence in you, —even
though they may not get mad with you, nor
break the door down running away from you.
Good luck to you. Jesse!
After the Hall.
We know it’s mean in us to fish up a Bryan
ite newspaper of October, 1908, and quote
what the editor said about the certainties of
Bryan’s victory, but “The Hornet,” of Bixby,
N. C., was so cocksure and so “sassy” that we
can’t resist the temptation.
Said The Hornet, October 28th,
“When the great Democratic upheaval in
November falls on Taft, it’s going to make a
mighty greasy spot on the floor of defeat.”
None but a Bryanite editor could imagine
an upheaval falling on anybody. He meant
landslide, you know. Or avalanche.
Said The Hornet,
“Let’s us all stand and sing, ‘Praise God from
whom all blessings flow,’ for this Republican
gang is being busted here below.”
Suppose we compromise by sitting while we
sing.
Again, The Hornet,
“Remember the Maine election.”
They did.
Again, The Hornet,
“If indications are evidence, the success of
Bryan and Kern at the polls is assured. They
are the standard bearers of the grandest organ
ization &c.”
Indications are evidence, but you must not
classify campaign bluff as an indication.
“The Republican party has long ago gone to
the bad, and its ticket is going the way of all
the earth.”
It’s ticket, however, was able to avoid the
Salt River route.
Here are some more Hornet paragraphs:
“The Republican gag gang which boasts of
having had control of National affairs for near
ly forty years are now on their last legs and
they are tottering like a dying calf in a fence
corner.
“Republicans are very much worried at this
time about the tendency at election prospects,
and they whistle, wear a false smile and talk
guff in a vain effort to hide their worriment of
mind.
“When the election is over, and Bryan and
Kern safely successful, all Republicans will
look like they were sent for and could not go;
their lips will look like two bananas glued to
gether and their general appearance will look
collapsed meaner than ever.”
We have hdt sefeh a’ decent issue of Th©
Hornet, but we have nd doubt that its able