PAGE FOUR
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
Will Try Rues First.
San Francisco, Jan. 20. —The prosecution to
day made its first move to place Abraham
Rues on trial on one of the 117 indictments
against the former political boss in connection
with bribery-graft cases. The announcement
was made that not only is Rues to be placed
on trial at once, but that the case against Pat
rick Calhoun, president of the United Rail
way, agent of the former political boss, and
alleged go-between, who was to have been a
star witness, and who was to have been tried
next, may be postponed in order that Rues
may be placed on trial first.
When the cases of Calhoun, Tirey Ford,
Thornwell, Mullally, Eugene Schmitz and
Rues in the matter of the trolley franchises
came up before Superior Judge®Lawter today,
he continued all the cases until Wednesday.-
Chattanooga Times.
Japs and U. S. Do Not Agree.
Washington, D. C., Jan. 18. —Baron Rosen,
Russian Ambassador to the United States, has
postponed his trip to St. Petersburg until the
end of May. In diplomatic circles it is re
ported that delay was due to orders from the
Russian Foreign Office.
The m6re fact that the State Department
did not make public its recent cablegram from
our Ambassador at Tokio, as to the progress
of negotiations between Washington and To
kio demonstrates there was a disagreement.—
Richmond Journal.
Asserts War With. Japan Is Certain.
“War between the United States and Ja
pan is inevitable. I do not know —no one
knows —when it will come, but it can not be
averted. And in my opinion it will not be long
delayed. ’ ’
This is the view of Alexander Ular, the
eminent French journalist, foreign editor of
Le Petit Journal, a paper with a circulation
of 1,250,000 a day, and La Vie Financiere.
He is a man who wields an immense influence
in France. He has for years studied inter
national finance and politics, and is conceded
to be an authority on many international ques
tions.
“This much is certain,” continued M. Ular,
talking to an Evening Journal reporter. “The
completion of the Panama canal will arrest
the commercial development of Japan. The
fifteen or twenty men who control the affairs
•of the Empire —the Elder Statesmen —know
it. They know that if Japan is to have the
most remote chance of being the victor in a
war with the United States that war must
come before the canal is completed.
“Therefore, althought the Elder Statesmen
realize that the odds are against Japan I be
lieve that they are willing to risk now a war
that will injure the United States, rather than
wait for the certain injury to Japan that will
follow the completion of the canal. The Jap
anese people and their sentiment do not figure
in the matter, one way or the other.
“Here is another point in the same con-
THE JEFFERSONIAN
nection. Japan needs money. It has not the
money now to prosecute war, even if one
should start. But if Japan should swoop
down on the American fleet now on its way
to the Pacific, when it reaches the vicinity
of the Philippines and wipe it out of exist
ence, the glamor of the victory undoubtedly
would secure any loan that Japan wanted,
either from France or some other nation.
“Os course,” he resumed, “the United
States would win after a time, but it would
be the greatest struggle this country ever had.
You see, America can not prepare for war.
The minute preparations were begun, that
minute there would be war. Japan would not
wait.” —N. Y. Journal.
Standard Oil Case Taken Up Again on Friday.
Washington, Jan. 25. —In laying the foun
dation of its case against the Standard Oil
Company in the suit for the annulment of the
company’s charter, the government continued
today the examination of E. Danna Durrand,
deputy commissioner of corporations, before
the state examiner, Judge Franklin Ferris.
Mr. Durrand has presented, in his testi
mony, the various freight traffics filed with the
interstate commerce commission relating to
the rates paid by the Standard Oil Company
for the transportation of oil, particularly from
Whiting, Ind., to Evansville, Ind., and east
St. Louis.
The tariffs, termed official, showed that the
lates on oil was generally 11 cents per 100
pounds. The contention of the government
counsel, Frank B. Kellogg, was that the rail
roads gave the Standard Oil Company a re
bate, or a special rate, which made the rate
paid by the Standard no more than 8 1-3 per
hundred pounds, and in some instances not
more than 6 cents per 100 pounds.
Mr. Durrand testified today that while the
shipments of oil were waybilled at 11 cents
per 100, a part of the shipment were carried
at 8 1-4 cents pere 100 and the balance at 6
per cent per 100.
Mr. Durrand explained that the collection
vouchers of the railroad, which he exhibited,
showed that the amount actually paid by the
Standard Oil Company for such shipments as
he referred to, was less than the rate fixed
in the official tariffs filed with the commission.
Mr. Durrand testified that Athens, Blue
Ridge, Columbus and Elberton, in Georgia;
Humbolt, Springfield and McKenzie, iu, Ten
nessee; and Eufaula, in Alabama, took the
rate of 6 cents per 100 pounds on oil from
Whiting, Ind., although the regular tariff rate
wass 11 cents.
In the course of Mr. Durand’s testimony he
presented some of the documents of the Chi
cago and Eastern Railroad, which bore memo
randa in red ink.
Mr. Rosenthan, counsel for the Standard,
objected to any memoranda used by an un
known person and without authority not defi
nitely known.
“If these memoranda are inserted in the
tariffs,” said Mr. Rosenthan, “we want op
portunity to examine the individual who made
them. ”
Mr. Kellogg retorted that he would show
the connection and responsibility of the rail
road company with the memoranda, and if
he did not, the testimony could be rejected at
a later time.—Atlanta Journal.
Plot to Blow Up Fleet.
Rio Janiero, Jan. 19. The Brazilian police
have discovered an anarchistic plot here hav
ing as its object the destruction of part of
the American fleet now lying in the harbor.
The conspiracy, while centering in Rio Jan
iero and Petropolis, has ramifications in Sao
Paulo and Minas Geraes. An individual
named Jean Fedher, who resided in Petropolis,
was the chief conspirator here, although it
is understood that foreign anarchists are
deeply involved in the plot. Fedher is be
lieved to have fled to Sao Paulo, and the po
lice, who know him, have been sent to that
place for the purpose of apprehending him.
In an official note which the chief of police
sent to the correspondent of the Associated
Press, he says: 4
“Some time before the arrival of the
American fleet at Rio Janeiro, the Brazilian
government received from Washington and
Paris information that anarchists of different
nationalities intended to damage one or sev
eral of the ships of the American fleet. The
names and addresses of the conspirators were
indicated by information which the police
had received from France and Germany. The
police of this district are working with the
police of Sao Paulo and Minas Geraes, and
I am sure every precaution will be exercised,
and the most vigirous vigilance observed both
on land and at sea to prevent any injury be
ing done.”
Rescued After Having Been Entombed 46
Days.
Ely, Nev., January 20. —After having been
entombed forty-six days in the Alpha shaft
of the Giroux mine, A. D. Bailey, P. J. Brown
and Fred McDonald have been rescued.
At 8:30 o’clock Saturday night Bailey was
brought out. Fourteen minutes later Mc-
Donald came to the surface, while ten min
utes later Brown was brought up. Whistles
all over the district blew loudly, while crowds
cheered in the streets of Ely and every bell
in the town was ringing.
“Ah!” this was the first exclamation of
Bailey when he reached the outer air. With
out another word he tottered forward into the
arms of comrades who stood ready to assist
him, and was led to the change room of the
Alpha shop where, in a few minutes, he re
cuperated.
“By George, it certainly seems fine to be
out of that hell-hole/’ said Fred McDonald,
as he was led away, telling his brother in a
high-pitched voice of his terrible experience.
“Say, somebody give me a chew of tobac-