PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLAM
A news item says that “A Pan-American
Bank is said to be receiving the approval of
the Federal State Depart -
A Pan-Ameri
can Bank
Added to Mor
gan Interests.
tional and the National City Banks of New
York.”
Well, why not? Since these banking con
cerns have been squeezing the orange of our
national industries, they may as w’ell make it
unanimous in all America. And certainly
the State Department will favor it. The
State Department has not for half a century
been anything other than a merely ministerial
department of the Wall Street banks, who
constitute the executive head of this country
and, through the machinery of our Govern
ment, propose to capture the peoples of Cen
tral and South America and the Orient.
❖ ❖ ❖ ❖
Yes, this magnificent imitation of a repub
lic, and absurd farce of a democracy, must
confess that it is dragged at the chariot wheels
of a single clique of bankers, and yet we find
the young men of today, who should be
guarding the inheritance of freedom, and
passing the institutions founded upon so great
a sacrifice on, unsullied, to future generations,
pouring over pages of baseball rot, enthused
over the fight between Jeffries, a white de
generate, with Johnson, a nigger brute, and
crazy on “sport** of all kinds to the exclusion
of nearly everything else that ought to absorb
their best thought and energies. “People
don't read editorials any more** complacently
say the publishers of the big and little dai
lies, but for form’s sake, a few inches of edi
torial brain-fag are sandwiched in between
flaring ads. and page after page of sporting
drivel. Few of the editorials written are ex
pressions of independent thought, even for
the little space they occupy. The grip of the
“Interests" is upon everything and the mass
es are either worked until they are too tired
for anything but sleep, or where youth pos
sesses some reserve strength above the daily
grind, every means of diverting it from real
issues is used, and so the country drifts into a
slavery from which only another revolution
will ever save it.
Mr. Taft is in a dilemma, assuring the peo
ple on the one hand that he intends to proceed
Taft
Continues
to Blunder.
If either side is perturbed
over Mr. Taft’s utterances, it is because he
can hardly be credited by any faction. There's
no sincerity, or depth to Taft, the President,
and very little probably to Taft, the man.
Once in a while an honest man is overcome
by some sudden temptation and Lo! his repu
tation is gone in a breath. Afterwards, his
repentance is generally genuine, and perhaps
the long, painful climb back again to a place
of trust makes of him a finer being than he
could have become without the fall, the an
guish, and the courage of the upward march.
And then, again, a man begins well, but by
slow degrees, and surrenders of no great mo
ment in themselves, there is an insidious un
dermining which leaves nothing except the
reputation, unsupported by character. Often
the Truly Great are mere shells of the men
they were, ready to crumble after a distin
guished career. Is this the case with Mr.
Taft?
While two notable cases of Federal prose
cution are now’ before the Supreme Court, —
ment. The money interests
reported as being behind it
are the banking houses of
J. P. Morgan & Co., Kuhn,
Loeb & Co., the First Na-
against the Trusts, and assur
ing the Trusts, on the other
hand, that they have nothing
to fear from his procedure.
Gfee Jeffersonian.
the Standard Oil, and the Tobacco Trust dis
solution suits—we see Mr. Taft getting after
the Beef Trust. This looks like business—but
then, there is Judge “Private Car*’ Lurton
quietly put on the Supreme Bench, to fill the
vacancy caused by the death of Justice Peck
ham. His appointment, in itself, was a vic
tory for corporate interests, for if the control
of the combines must ultimately come to the
Supreme Court, they have, according to his
ugly record, a friend there whose bias is well
known.
Mr. Taft's recent conduct has raised the
question as to whether or not he isn’t about
the most dangerous type that could be in the
Executive Chair, for his weakness and good
nature crop out where strength should be
shown; and whatever vigor he has yet exhib
ited is wholly for “the Party'’ and not for the
whole people.
* * «
Congressional elections are bothering him.
and the growing popularity of the insurgent
type of Senator and Congressman are indi
cative of a complete overthrow of the present
factions which dominate both houses. Not
withstanding this, he is unwise enough to
“confer’' with Aldrich, and the corruption
ists, while he sends his lieutenants forth to
campaign against the progressive candidates
in the various districts. Instead of siding
with the best element of his party, he is fight
ing to the last ditch for the reactionaries.
To Ohio Taft has sent Wade H. Ellis, As
sistant Attorney-General, to conduct the cam
paign in that State next fall. Mr. Ellis is
the so-called “trust-buster” of the adminis
tration, but must leave the work of “controll
ing” the Trusts long enough to spell-bind and
otherwise subdue the Buckeye State, which,
according to Republican views, is in a mighty
bad way. It has been so, since the election of
a Democratic Governor, and Mr. Harmon’s
probable re-election this fall would be a de
cided blow to the G. O. P. Consequently, the
factions that were split wide apart, when
Senator Foraker got his dose of petroleum,
must be “unified*’. Incidentally, Wade H.
Ellis can pull the legs of the “interests’*. His
inside information puts the trust officials at
his mercy.
Cardinal Gibbons has “consistently refused
to be interviewed” on the affront given to ex-
Gibbons
Is Mute.
ger to butt in. On everything else under the
sun, the Cardinal is there with the unquench
able flow’ of gab, the inexhaustible store of
advice, from how’ to run the Guv’munt down
to the most intimate details of domestic life,
but in this one instance somebody must have
sandbagged the sapient old gent.
Fairbanks’ attitude deserves commendation.
He wasn’t browbeaten into failing to keep
his engagement to speak to a Methodist
Church under the very dome of St. Peter’s,
at Rome, as doubtless the Pope supposed he
w’ould be.
The Vatican has made a sad blunder—
quite a rare thing for the suave diplomats
there to make. It will be terribly hard to ex
plain it all away, or to gloss it over by effusive
attentions to Roosevelt when he visits the Im
perial City in the near future. The Protest
ants have suddenly been jarred into an ap
preciation of the real situation in the “love
feast” that has been going on for decades;
they are perceiving that, while liberality and
tolerance are very good things, it is not well
that they are to be shown by Protestants to
Catholics, and never by Catholics to any
other denomination. Here’s hoping that the
President Fairbanks! And he
isn’t paralyzed, either.
This is the first time on rec
ord that Gibbons hasn’t been ea-
silence that suddenly fell upon the lordly
Cardinal will be prolonged. The country has
had a surfeit of his self-appointed guardian
ship, his omnipresent arrogance and insolent
dictation.
❖ ❖ * *
Archbishop Ireland has made matters
worse for his Church by his “explanation” of
the reason why Fairbanks was refused the
audience:
“It was not a question of Mr. Fairbanks being
>a Methodist, or of going to a Methodist church in
Rome for Sunday devotion.
“It was a question appearing to give the fullest
approval to the work of the Methodist Association
in Rome. Among Methodists in Rome are active
and —I may say readily—pernicious proselytes.
The Methodist Association is not in Rome to serve
and meet American Methodists, but to pervert
from the Catholic faith all those upon whom they
can bring influence to bear.
“Now a public address by a former Vice-Presi
dent of the United States before the Methodist
Association can have no other meaning in the
eyes of the Roman public than the approval of
America on the propaganda of the Methodist As
sociation. Had the holy father, guardian es the
spiritual interests of the Catholic Church of the
'world, smilingly welcomed Mr. Fairbanks to an
audience on the following day, in what other po
sition would he appear to be than to be giving his
approval to the propaganda of the Methodist As
sociation before which the address had been given?
“It was simply impossible for the holy father
in his official position as a sovereign pontiff of the
Catholic Church to do aught else than to say po
litely to Mr. Fairbanks ‘I can not receive you and
accord you the honors due you in all other cir
cumstances as an American and a distinguished
representative of a great republic.’ ”
And yet —our President and his Cabinet
Officers can give their sanction, as official
heads of this Government, to a Pan-Ameri
can Thanksgiving celebration which is equiv
alent to acknowledging the domination of
Rome over the entire Western world!
That mass passed almost unnoticed by the
Protestants of this country, who have been
under the spell of “toleration", which spell
has resembled much that of the snake w T ho
first paralyzes, then lubricates with his own
slime the bird, before he swallows it com
pletely.
Lord Curzon, speaking to the manufac
turers at Manchester, England, recently,
made some remarks that ought
Curzon’s to be handed to every employee
Break. in American manufactories on a
silver platter. Urging them to
“tariff reform”, he exploded in this brilliant
perioration:
“Thus, you see that these Protectionist coun
tries (United States, France and Germany) are
building up their manufactures, and are actually
becoming independent of the products of you-r
Lancashire spindles and looms Your competitors
can BUY AS CHEAPLY as you, they PAY LESS
WAGES, they WORK LONGER HOURS.”
Beautiful and inevitable results of the tariff
for which nearly every employee of the man
ufacturing interests has indefatigably voted!
And they have the nerve—such rank trait
ors as Joseph Chamberlain, Lord Morley, and
others, to be trying to fasten the masses of
England to the same infernal system that,
here, shows up to the American workingman
and woman in LESS WAGES and LONG
ER HOURS!
* * » «
It is nice to change the name of a thing
once in a while. “Tariff reform” sounds SO
much better than the malodorous term “Pro
tection” which, wdiile it had a pleasing sound
upon the hypnotized ear at one time, has be
come the synonym for unspeakable corrup
tion and wrong. They have taken up the
clever idea of juggling with words in Con
gress, where Ship Subsidy is never mentioned
any more, but the innocent “Merchant Ma
rine” has taken its place. Great is language,