3 Bales per Acre
1,200 BUSHELS
Brown No. 1 Cottonseed. Early
as Early King Cotton. 50 bolls make
a pound. 40 to 44 per cent, lint; the
easiest Cotton picked that is grown.
Makes more money to the acre
than any cotton with same manure
and work. Seed ginned pure.
$1.25 per bu.; $1.15 in 10 to 20 bu.
lots; SI.OO in 100 bu. lots and over;
f. o. b., Bowersville, Ga.
I have a limited supply of pure
Ear Corn, grown from seed bought
of H. G. Hastings last spring; yield,
75 bu. per acre. Price: $2.00 per bu.
JEFF DEAN, Bowersville, Ga.
HELP YOUR HENS LAY MORE EGGS
fX' 1 ’ My tested method does it
every time. Absolutely
l.dfe. \l; Guaranteed, and a Big
MPZjbRIIL Trial Package will be sent
y«n Free on Request. If
you have a few or many
hens, send today for trial of my won
derful new tonic and egg-producer. It
doesn’t fail. Address
N. L. WEBB. Lamasco, Texas
Bailey’s Choice Prolific Seed Corn
Best on Earth. 1 to 3 Ears to Stalk.
A cross between the white and big
yellow corn; grains from % to % inch
long. Small red cob. Result of 16
years’ improvement. $2.00 f. o. b., Lau
rens, S. C.
P. B. BAILEY, Laurens, S. C.
PECAN
best varieties
* RljlaJ Special Low Prices
BEAR NURSERIES, Palatka, Fla.
’ I ’ ~ Oja
/\ Basra
i
iw
C W IMP ■
E
Dr. J. H. Bruce, of 138% Edgewood
Ave., Atlanta, Ga., has made a discov
ery for the cure of Cancer and Dropsy
that has revolutionized this branch of
Medical Science. Eminent physicians
have been baffled by this question for
ages. Dr. Bruce’s remedies have been
tested by the best physicians of the
land, and in every Instance have per
fected a cure. He has made over 700
cures of cancer and over 500 cures of
Dropsy. Dr. Bruce refers to any one in
Atlanta as to his reliability.
The Dropsy medicine sells for $5.00
pqpbox, or six boxes for $25.00. If
there Is no complication of diseases, six
boxes will effect a cure in a short
time. Some cases have been cured in
ten days.
The Cancer medicine sells for $5.00
per bottle, or one week’s treatment for
SIO.OO. One month’s treatment for $25.00.
*. ■, X. Here you are
U,> MR. FARMER
whea yoa buy a machine for
settiag out
IBlteßir TOMATO, CABBAGE, TOBACCO,
■HHR Sweet Potato, Belon Slips, Etc.
liiljjfi' you ought to get the best there is.
IW Masters
Wl 7 Plant Better
Is the one that puts the plantdawn
to its proper depth aud gives it half
a tea cup of water or liquid fertilizer
Ml right at the root »»d thea scoops
-allista the dirt up eround the plant, ail
UM done at the «ne operation, without
any stooping whatever. W rite to
day for P ricc and particulars.
County Agency to First Purchaser
F MASTERS PLANTER CO.
166 So. Water St., Chicago, 111.
Extract from Editorial on
“ Foreign Missions ”
. By Dr. W. H. and Mrs. Rebecca
Felton.
Now we come to the most remark
able statement ever seen in print:
“It is not necessary for these ladies
to study Chinese. Not having to
know Chinese they could devote-nil
day to teaching. If they arrived
here tomorrow they could go to
teaching next day.” Read it careful
ly. Here is the deliberate statement
that the teachers need not know Chi
nese to teach Chinese. Just take it
home to ourselves. Suppose one
hundred* and fifty missionaries (that
is the number now called for in
China) were to land in Cartersville
tomorrow to teach the heathen. They
need not learn English, but could
teach English right away. Great
Father in heaven! is this the thing
we have been praying for, paying for,
and, like the horse-leech’s daughter,
it is forever crying, “More pay!
more pay!”
Rev. Mr. Loehr says “there is
some seriousness in regard to their
soul’s salvation, but not much out
ward show.” How are those teach
ers to know what they are “serious”
about, if one side is only acquainted
with Chinese, and the other side
English? We suppose our mission
aries are teaching by example, for it
is reported here and elsewhere (we
saw it in the Cincinnati paper yester
day) that one of our early Georgia
missionaries now owns $500,000.
We wish poor Georgia Methodist
preachers to ponder these facts well,
and when they go to Conference,
don’t let the big preachers, who get
big salaries, coax them out of a $lO
share to a high school in China, un
til our debts are paid there and else
where; don’t condone a mistake,
when the results are so little com
mensurate with the outlay, and if
China can pay so well for her school
ing, and people get so rich over there
“on nothing”, seriously consider the
question, of how soon you can also
go over on a pleasant foreign excur
sion, provided gratis by the church,
with elegant homes furnished and
no Chinese to learn, and to teach
(not preach) only half a day. When
you go to Conference find out who
do and who do not clamor for con
sideration, cash or notoriety.
Friends, there is food here for
thought, and if we export our reli
gion as well as all our spare money,
do see that the matter is understood
more fully.
We have before us the appropria
tions of last year by the Woman’s
Missionary Society, and we suppose
they will have to pay the same and
more hereafter. They had in the
field this year sixteen lady mission
aries, besides four others who are
not supported by the society; eight
of these draw regular salaries here
for China. In the Shanghai district,
they paid out $2,645, including $750
salary to Miss Muse.
In Nantziang district, they paid
$4,915, including $1,500 salaries to
the Misses Rankin.
In Soochow district, they paid $2,-
925 to a boarding-school teacher not
named.
Additional—They paid $10,955 for
doctor’s bills, to build hospital and
hospital outfit, repairs, etc., and out
fit, travel and salary of Miss Phil
lips, $1,500.
Outfit, travel and salary of Miss
Haygood, $1,300.
Outfit, travel and salary of Miss
Hamilton, $1,500.
Outfit, travel and salary of Miss
Atkinson, $1,500.
Total, $21,440!
When the one hundred and fifty
assistants go over at these prices,
and $25,000 (?) from Georgia to
build another university, you will see
how necessary it is to build some
thing at home, or else all of us emi
grate to China for increased facili
ties. Add one hundred and fifty to
those already there, nobody learn
ing Chinese unless as an accomplish
ment, for, according to Rev. Geo.
3effersotUan
Loehr, they can teach Chinese with
out an hour’s study, and you will
see the ease and comfort of modern
missionary life. When we recol
lect how the poor, dear sisters here
scuffle and toil to raise an assess
ment by suppers, lectures, “mission
ary hens”, and in some cases the lit
tle children peddle tomato plants to
eke out a missionary nickel, it makes
our soul sick to read the results that
are reported in the church papers
from China. Now, we shall not heed
a single snort from the “horn-blow
ers” in Georgia. This thing is a
(JeUhh Gw
zv Ljntgu U-A'A ’■
/ - DON’T SEND ME ONE CENT ■> \
g when you answer this announcement, as I am going to distribute at least %
S one-hundred-thousand sets of the Dr. Haux famous “Perfect Vision” >
■ Spectacles to genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearers, in the next few 1
B weeks —on one easy, simple condition. 1
g I want you to thoroughly try them on your own eyes, no B
■ matter how weak they may be; read the finest print in your bible with ■
§ them on, thread the smallest eyed needle you can get hold of and put 9
I them to any test you like in your own home as long as you please.
Then after you have become absolutely and positively convinced I
S that they are really and truly the softest, clearest and best-fitting glasses B
B you have ever had on your eyes and if they honestly make you see just S
B as well as you ever did in your younger days, you can keep the S
W P a i r forever without a cent of pay if you accept my special g
M extraordinary advertising proposition, and B
% JUST DO ME A GOOD TU R N /
'w by showing them around to your neighbors and friends and speak a good g
% word for them everywhere, at every opportunity. g
% Won’t you help me introduce the wonderful Dr. Haux “Perfect g
Vision ” Spectacles in your locality on one easy, simple condition ? g
X If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearer (no children g
need apply) and want to do me this favor, write me at once and g
just say: “Dear Doctor: Mail me your Perfect Home Eye g
Tk Tester, absolutely free of charge, also full particulars of g
your handsome 10-karat RO'-. l '?i c ID Spectacle Offer,” and g
vk address me personally and I will give ycur letter g'
own personal attention. Address: — gr
HAUX, (Personal), Haux
-
L E. The Above is the Largest Mail Order Spectacle House m the World, and Perfectly KeuablQ*
CLEVELAND'S BIG BOLL COTTONSEED. Best Cotton in the South. Price,
bushel $1.25, 5 bushel lots $1.15 bushel, 10 bushel lots and over SI.OO
bushel.
COOK’S IMPROVED BIG BOLL, SCHLEY, KING’S EARLY, RUSSELL BIG
BOLL, and TATUM’S IMPROVED BIG BOLL at same price.
BROADWELL’S DOUBLE-JOINTED, $1.50 bushel, 5 bushel lots $1.35 bushel,
10 bushels and over $1.25 bushel. BROWN’S NO. 1 at same price.
MORTGAGE LIFTER, CULPEPPER and CHRISTOPHER, SI.OO bushel, 10
bushels, 90 cents bushel.
SANDERS’ IMPROVED nnd MARLBORO SEED CORN, $2.00 bushel, 75 cents
peck.
LOT EXTRA FINE BURT OATS, SI.OO bushel.
REGISTERED COLLIE DOGS of finest breeding. Prices to suit all.
R. D. TATUM, Fairview Farm, Palmetto, Ga.
FOREIGN w-j —-,
missions r X JtLi tL
EXPOSED
Send us four trial three-months subscriptions to The Jeffersonian at twenty
five cents each, and we will send you a copy of “Foreign Missions Exposed,”
by Thos. E. Watson, fully illustrated. Use this coupon. Write plainly.
NAME POST-OFFICE R.F.D. STATE
Sender.
Post-Office.
Mail this with SI.OO to THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Post-Office.
Mail this with SI.OO to THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
gigantic machine, that like a snow
ball grows bigger as it rolls, and as
a Methodist, we shall never hesitate
to speak the facts. Luther got abuse
and so did Wesley.
(So you see that two such magnifi
cently independent and well-informed
people as the late Dr. Felton and his
devout wife fired into the mission
madness twenty-five years ago. Dr.
Wm. H. Felton gave fifty years of
his life to unpaid preaching.
T. E. W.)
PAGE SEVENTEEN