Summary of Thos. IL. Watson 9 s Address at Macon
‘ 1 Judging by the principles of historic dem
ocracy, the Bryanites of today have no right
to call themselves democrats. By the same
token, the populists of today are the true po
litical representatives of Jefferson and Jackson.
Measured by the teachings of John C. Calhoun,
of Thomas H. Benton, of Thomas Jefferson
and George Mason, I am the democrat, and
Mr. Bryan the Hamiltonian.” was the key
note of Mr. Watson’s speech in Macon, Ga.,
on last Thursday night.
“I stand for the financial system of our fa
thers, that which is embodied in the constitu
tion of the United States, and which was
practiced consistently for nearly 100 years.
The matured wisdom of John C. Calhoun, as
evidenced in his masterful speeches upon fi
nance; the lifelong lessons of Thomas Jeffer
son, and the principles announced during the
great fight that Benton and Jackson made
upon the national banks, have ever been my
sources of authority for the faith that is in
me upon the pre-eminently important question
of money. On every other principle that
marked as distinctive from all others the
creed of Jefferson and Jackson, I stand with
them, and I cannot but believe that the coun
try must return to these ancient landmarks
before there will be a return of that general
prosperity which was the fruit of this tree
previous to the time when it was uprooted,
during the terrible era of the civil war.
“For eighteen years ray position has been
the same. For eighteen years I have battled
against all odds for the cree dos our fathers.
If necessary, I am ready to battle for them
eighteen other years, and as long as I can raise
a hand or open my lips.
“How is it with Mr. Bryan, who is claim
ing to be a democrat, and who appropriates as
I Hon. Thos. E. Watson
I Will speak at the Savannah Theatre, Savannah,
I Ga., Thursday, July 30, at BP. M. : : :
I Mr. Watson Will Speak at Thomson, Ga., on the
I Morning of August 10th.
I Mr. Watson will also speak at Fairburn, Ga., at 10 A. M., on August 15th.
THE JEFERSONIAN.
an unquestionable political* asset of his own the
156 electoral votes of the South?
“In 1896, he and I stood together. The con
vention which nominated him nominated me.
His acceptance was in writing, as was mine.
Today I stand by the same creed that Bryan
and Watson both stood for in 1896. And I
only regret that the recreancy of Mr. Bryan
and his truckling to Wall Street have deprived
us of the irresistible strength that co-operation
would have given to us.
“Between the glorious declaration of Mr.
Bryan in 1896, and his apparent sincerity then,
and the shameful betrayal of the people which
he has made in his Denver platform, with its
mild mention of the Aldrich-Vreeland bill—
his surrender to the asset currency which he
was fighting only four years ago—his propo
sition to perpetuate the national banking sys
tem with a governmental guaranty —and his
preposterous proposition that the paper money
of the government shall not only be fluctuating
in its quantity, but shall be made for the pur
pose of lending it to the banks; between the
patriotic reformer who spoke as I have quoted
in 1896, and the place-hunting politician who
patched together that vote-seeking document at
Denver, there is the tremendous psychological
change which marks the absorption of the
youthful, ardent crusader by the cold, calcu
lating, unscrupulous place-hunter. Bryan the
champion of the people, is no more. The
Bryan of today is simply a tireless, accom
plished, unfeeling politician, playing the game
craftily and using men and measures as pawns
on the board.
“How can anybody reconcile the Bryan of
so late a year as 1904, who shouted from the
platform, in Urbana, Ohio: ‘The Democratic
in 1892 played a confidence game on the peo
ple and put bunco steerer at the head of
the party,’ to the Bryan of today?
“The greatest purpose of my life now is
to put the South back into the position of na
tional influence which she held before the Uivil
War, and to bring back the reign of Democrat
ic principles as they were practised in the for
ties and fifties.
“You call yourselves Democrats —Andrew
Jackson Democrats, Thomas Jefferson Demo
crats. You are asked to vote for William J.
Bryan, and yet Mr. Bryan’s platform is one
which Andrew Jackson would have spurned
and Thomas Jefferson would have despised. It
represents a disgraceful surrender of princi
ple. *
“For eight years Mr. Bryan wore every
shred of clothing which Populism had in its
wardrobe. In 1904 he abandoned his Popu
list raiment and entered zealously into the
Parker campaign, which he had himself de
nounced as a sell-out to the Wall Street ele
ment of the party.
“In Denver he was in absolute control of
the Democratic party. Whatever he wanted
was done. Whoever he wanted thrown out
was bounced. The platform is just what he
made it—one of the most shameful abandon
ments of principle that political history pre
sents. And what right has he to the support
of the South —only upon the idea that the
South is compelled to vote the Democratic
ticket no matter how offensive in principle the
platform may be or how much the candidate
may insult her?
“If the South will follow me in this cam
paign, revolting against the odious conditions
under which she is expected to serve Mr. Bry
an, she will at once resume her old place in
the sisterhood of States.
“Let the South become politically uncertain
and she will once more become politically
great. ’ ’
PAGE FIVE