PAGE FOUR
Summary of TLbents as They Happen
Hitchcock Not Guilty.
“Not guilty” was the verdict brought in
by the jury in the Raymond Hitchcock case.
The jury had deliberated eight hours. Hitch
cock is jailed again.
Anti-Gambling Bill Passed By Senate.
Albany, June 11, —The Senate by a very
narrow majority today passed the Hart-Agnew
Anti-Gambling Bill, which, among other
things, prohibits betting at the race tracks.
Shortly after noon the measure was taken
up and the voting was begun after a brief
but bitter fight upon the floor of the Senate.
The bill now goes to the Governor for his
signature.
Assassins Slay Archbishop in Tiflis.
Revolutionaries shot to death Archbishop
Nikon, Exarch of Georgia, while he was
ascending the steps of the synodal building.
A monk who was in attendance upon the
Archbishop was severely wounded. The
assassins have not been caught.
March to Tune “Dixie.”
(Several thousand veterans march to the
tune of “Dixie” at the annual reunion at
Birmingham, Ala.; 60,000 people cheer them
selves hoarse as the battle-scarred veterans go
through the streets.
Flood in Kansas.
During the past week, Kansas City has been
in the throes of the most serious flood since
that of 1903.
Memphis Gets the Next Reunion.
Confederate veterans will meet in Memphis
next spring. Memphis, Tennessee, was selected
as the place for the 1909 meeting.
Warships Are Named.
Secretary Metcalf announces that the two
new battleships authorized at the last session
of Congress, will be named Florida and
Utah.
Japanese Burn Koreans.
It is reported that Japanese expeditionary
forces at Sonjuin in the course of their fight
with rebels surrounded a Korean posse in
which one of the rebel leaders was intrenched.
The Japanese fired the house, burning 16
Koreans to death. Japan has embarked upon
a campaign against the rebels in six provinces
of Korea for this purpose.
Anti-Betting Bill Passes.
By a vote of 87 to 20 the Locke anti-racing
bill was passed by the house of representatives
of the Louisiana general assembly. The bill
is now up to the Senate. Only 21 voter are
needed in the Senate to pass the bill. The
bill is drawn to go into effect immediately.
lowa Returns Allison Again.
United States Senator William B. Allison,
the veteran Republican from lowa, who recent
ly celebrated his seventy-ninth birthday and
completion of his thirty-fifth year in the
senate, was again chosen in the party primary
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Wednesday, by about 10,000 majority over
Gov. Cummins, and all the standpat candi
dates were named. A notable change in the
delegation to congress is the defeat of Hull,
long chairman of the committee on military
affairs.
The New Warship For Wales.
The report is confirmed that the Prince of
Wales is to come to Quebec on the Indomi
table, the newest, largest and swiftest of
British battleships.
Virginia Convention.
There was lively interest in the outcome
of the democratic state convention scheduled
at Roanoke, Va., last week. Presentation
of' Bryan endorsement resolutions was the
theme of discussion among groups of dele
gates, 'who held numerous conferences to dis
cuss the w’ork before the convention.
Manila Band for Fleet.
The Insular Constabulary Band is going
to Australia as a guest of that Government to
participate in the reception of the Ameri
can fleet.
Japan Honors Her Dead Russian Foes.
A monument to the Russian dead at Port
Arthur was unveiled at Port Arthur June 10.
The memorial has been erected by Japan. It
stands at Antzushan, in the midst of the
graves of more than 14,000 Russians who lost
their lives in defence of the fortress.
It has taken two years to erect the monu
ment. Thirteen memorials to individuals also
were unveiled and dedicated at the same time.
Detachments of Japanese and Russian troops
took part in the dedication ceremonies. The
Russian detachment came down from Harbin
at the invitation of the Japanese military au
thorities. The Emperor of Russia was repre
sented by General Gerngros, and the Emperor
of Japan by General Nogi.
General Gerngros, acting in the name of the
Emperor, placed a silver wreath upon the
monument.
Dreyfus Shot in Zola Ceremony.
During the public ceremonies connected with
the removal of the body of Emile Zola to the
Pantheon at Paris. Alfred Dreyfus, the army
officer for whose liberty from unjust degrada
tion Zola devoted the latter years of his life,
was shot in the arm by an aged journalist
named Gregori. The services were about to
end and President Fallieres had left the build
ing to review’ the parade of troops when twm
shots were fired at Dreyfus, who was seated
with his wife. Gregori was arrested at once
and in explanation of his act said: “I acted
in a moment of impatience before so many
honors rendered to an individual I consider
so unworthy.” Full national honors w 7 ere
paid to the memory of the great author. But
the anti-aemite faction made demonstrations
of disapproval, culminating in the shooting of
Dreyfus. The wound was not dangerous.
Thieves Kidnap Children.
The home of Antonio Gemiarretto, at
Hornell, N. Y., was entered and his tw 7 o
children, a boy aged eight years and a baby
girl sixteen months, together w’ith SBO irp.
cash, silverware and other valuables are miss
ing. It is feared the children will he held
for ransom.
Is Four Hours’ Sleep Enough?
Thomas A, Edison tells of an experiment
tending to prove his theory that a normal man
needs not more than four hours of sleep in the
twenty-four. The test involved 100 men
employed in the Edison laboratory at Menlo
Park. For two years, he says, they worked on
the four-hour sleep schedule, and “it did not
seem to hurt them.” The only variation in
their habits w 7 as the eating of four instead of
three meals a day, an extra supper being
served at midnight. .For the first week or,so
the men showed up very tired and limp, but
after that they gained in mental alertness and
bodily agility. Edison calls attention to the
fact that on this plan the men slept perfectly
when they were in bed, w’hereas in the ordi
nary plan of eight or ten hours in bed, he
believes that most people are not sound asleep
and dreamless for the whole period. He
also tells how 7 his wife changed from the
eight-hour to the five-hour plan with the best
results. He questions the accepted idea that
sleep is required to restore the body.
Louisiana Levees Break.
Four lives were lost, fifty thousand acres
of growing corn and cotton inundated and
more than a thousand persons rendered desti
tute by breaks in levees on the Red River at
Bayou Pierre, fifteen miles north of Couschat
ta, and at Westdale, twenty miles south of
Grand Cane.
SEVERE BLOW TO TURF.
London, June 11.—When seen tonight on
the subject of the anti-gambling bills just
passed in the New York State Legislature,
August Belmont, chairman of the jockey club,
made the following brief statement:
* ‘ I cannot say what the various racing asso
ciations will do when the so-called anti-racing
bill just passed by the Senate of New York
State becomes law through the Governor’s sig
nature, which doubtless w’ill be affixed as soon
as the measure comes before him.
lhe various associations, however, have
racing run off this season, which
constitute sporting obligations and they will
undoubtedly live up to them. No one can well
predict whether or not the prohibition of bet
ting at races will ruin horse racing irretrieva
bly, but it is a severe blow to the best inter
est ol the turf in any event. It will ulti
mately throw many men out of employment
and cripple the breeding and improvement of
thoroughbred horses in the United States.”—
Charlotte Observer. *