PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
'THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Tbjmplk’ Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Enttrtd at Ptitijfitt, Atlanta, Ga., January SI, 11)07, at tatind
clan mail mattir
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, April 30, 1908
The Farmer and Politics.
Some farmers are so mortally afraid of
having it said ‘‘The Farmers’ Union has
gone into politics,” that they themselves
are afraid to wade in.
What is meant by “going into poli
tics”? If you mean that you are going
to exercise your right and do your duty
as a citizen by taking an active part in
the conduct of your public affairs, why
should any one reproach you?
In this country we have no Pope who
keeps our conscience and no King who
dictates our laws. We, the people, gov
ern ourselves. We, the people, make our
laws. We do not do this directly in mass
meeting, as was done in pure democracies
of ancient times and as they do now, to
some extent, in the Swiss cantons, but
we do it indirectly through representa
tives whom we send to the state legisla
ture and to the national Congress.
Now, if we were called together to
agree upon public matters, as is in Swit
zerland, would we not feel a keen interest
in having things decided according to our
own convictions? Would it not be a duty,
as well as a right, to do all that we could
to have the laws so framed as to do the
greatest good to the greatest number,
without injustice to any?
Certainly it would. But that would be
“going into politics,” you know.
Now, we are too numerous and our
states are too large to admit of our com
ing together in mass-meeting to talk over
matters of legislation. Our forefathers
used to do so in Germany, but that was
the day of the tribe. When we grew into
nations, we could not assemble once a
year, as formerly, to parcel out the land
and to tinker on the laws. We had to
select agents to act as our substitutes.
Your state legislators are your agents;
your Congressmen are your agents. So is
your President, be jabbers! He doesn’t
act much like one, but that’s what he is.
Now as these men are chosen by you
to act as your agents, ought you not to
pay attention to what they do? Would
it not be well for you to instruct them
how to vote? They are not voting for
themselves, but for you. How can these
patriots know how you want them to
vote, unless you will take interest enough
to tell them?
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
And how can you intelligently instruct
your agents unless you know what you
want?
And how can you know what sort of
legislation you want, unless you take the
trouble to study public questions?.
Your member of the state legislature
is your agent to do in the legislature what
you would do had you yourself gone there
to look after your public affairs —taxation,
offices, salaries, statutes, license fees,
game laws, “and sich.”
Do you know what your agent did in
the legislature?
If not, why not? —as Sidney Tapp in
quires in the matter of subscribing to his
virile magazine.
Every vote that your agent cast in the
legislature bound you to something or
other —do you know what it was?
Agents who are not watched sometimes
misuse their opportunity and their au
thority. Agents who are never called to
account are seldom true to their trust.
If you have not been keeping up with
the doings of the men whom you have
been selecting as vour agents in the leg
islature, haven’t you_been doing yourself
an injustice?
Your Congressman is also your agent.
For the reason that the tens of thousands
of people in a Congressional District can
not go to Washington to attend to their
national affairs, they all agree upon an
agent who is sent in their place. The
agent is called Congressman, but he is
nothing more than a substitute who acts
in the place of the tens of thousands who
couldn’t go. This Congressional agent is
in duty bound to represent the people
who choose him, and to vote as they
would vote had they themselves gone to
W ashington.
Does your agent in Congress vote as
you want him to vote? What do you
know about his vote, anyway? Have
you kept an eye on him?. Have you re
quired him to give an account of his stew
ardship?
Here is the truth about it: You do not
know how your agents have been voting,
either in the legislature or in Congress;
and, what’s more, you have acted as if
you didn’t care.
What has been the result of your indif
ference —your failure to look after your
agents?
Nearly $200,000,000 of your taxes has
been confiscated to the use of the national
banks, the climax of a policy which was
begun under Grover Cleveland, the Dem
ocrat, and which has continued with the
sanction of both of the old parties.
The laws have been so framed that the
manufacturing class can make a yearly
profit of $2,000,000,000 per year, over and
above eight per cent, interest upon the
money invested.
Corporations have been favored to such
an extent that the people are being made
to pay net profits to the Steel Trust alone
to a larger amount than the national rev- .
enue of the empire of Japan. And along
with the Steel Trust come the Sugar
Trust, the Standard Oil Trust, the Print
Paper Trust and dozens of others—to say
nothing of the dividends we are made to
pay on $8,000,000,000 of watered stocks.
The national banks have taken away
from the Government the Money System
of our forefathers, have modified the Con
stitution by Treasury rulings and Con
gressional acts, and have become the in
satiable tyrants of the financial world.
With their Money Trust they have the
power to smite the prosperity of a great
nation and lay it low, as they have done
in the Panic of 1907 and 1908.
Who Did You This Tremendous Wrong?
THOU ART THE MAN.
You neglected your duty; you kept un
faithful agents in office; you worshipped
party names; you crouched to the party
lash; you read the lies of corporation
sheets and believed them; you would
not take the trouble to read both sides
and thus get at the truth; you mistook
your blind political prejudice for high
minded patriotism; you rejected those
who tried to show you the error of your
way, and you continued to follow those
who were voting your ruin—voting un
told billions of dollars to the beneficiaries
of Special Privilege, and remembering
you with a copy of a speech that was
probably not made, and by sending you
five packages of doubtful garden seed.
Why is it that the manufacturers and
the national bankers and the railroad
magnates can show such fabulous riches
when the farmers who produce most of
the wealth, have none?
Because the laws have been made in
the interest of the privileged few. How
did they manage it?
By giving it their attention.
What do these pampered pets of class
legislation most desire?
That the farmers will continue to take
no interest in politics, and continue to be
careless as to the conduct of their agents.
Os course, if you, Brother Farmer, are
very anxious to keep on doing just as
those who rob you want you to do, you
will “stay out of politics.”
Most farmers will readily agree that
if they want good crops they must give
their attention to the business; but the
same men can not be brought to under
stand that if they want legislation that is
good for them THEY MUST GIVE
THEIR ATTENTION TO THE BUSI
NESS.
* H *
The President 9 s Plea for a Big
Naby.
In arguing for four new battle-ships,
the President named China as an illustra
tion of the danger of being nationally
weak and rich. Because China had no
navy and was rich other nations, which
had big navies and big appetites for loot,
plundered her. Therefore, to escape the
fate of China, the United States must feed
more millions to the Steel Trust, and keep
on doing it until we are Hobsonized to
the extent of Hobson’s “Billion Dollar
Navy.”
We don’t think very much of the Pres
ident’s argument about China. In the
first place, ft is an insult to the great