PAGE EIGHT
dje Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
*THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffite, Atlanta, Ga.,January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
<™ao coywcjfo 2
ATLANTA, GA., FEBRUARY 11,1909.
As To Crum.
Our dear Democratic dervishes are once
more beginning to spin around, howl, and froth
at the mouth because a negro by the name of
Crum has been reappointed Custom House
boss at Charleston, South Carolina. To any
one who is familiar with the record of negro
appointments by Uncle Sam, the howls and
whirls of the dear Democratic dervishes is
vastly amusing.
If you will search the record you will find
that the dear Democrats have no objection to
a nigger in office, so long as he is their nigger.
If a Coon honestly calls himself a Republican,
his appointment churns up the bile throughout
the Democratic system ; but if he plays hypo
crite, and calls himself a Democrat, his wel
come to the pie-counter partakes of all the
unction of Southern hospitality.
As to the Custom Houses in Georgia, they
go to the negroes by prescriptive title. Whether
the “port of entry” be at Savannah, where
there is a glimpse of the rolling wave, or in
Atlanta near the mountains, it’s a Coon that
bosses the port. Tn Savannah they have a full
rig of black officials, from the chief of the
House and the “Surveyor of the Port’’ down
to the janitor and cuspidor cleaner. A dupli
cate of the Savannah outfit is found in the
Custom House in Atlanta. Think of paying a
nigger to “SURVEY THE PORT,” in At
lanta! where there isn’t any water.
Have the Georgia Senators ever made a fight
on these abominations?
Has any earnest effort been directed to doing
away with the costly farce of a full custom
house staff in a hill-town like Atlanta?
Neither the Georgia Senators nor the Con
gress man from the Atlanta district have ever
attempted to oust the Coons and replace them
with white men.
When Cleveland was President, he appointed
a negro named Taylor as our Minister to Hon
duras, a white South American State. He im
ported from Albany, N. Y., a negro named
Matthews, and gave him one of the fattest
offices in the District of Columbia. As Recorder
of Deeds. Matthews was boss of all the white
women and men, who did the. clerical work
which he, in a lordly manner, superintended.
A white man had applied for the position, and
this white man was a competent lawyer, a resi
dent of the District of Columbia, who had the
endorsement of the white people of the District.
Moreover, he was a rock-ribbed Democrat. But
Cleveland rode rough-shod over the people of
Washington City, and appointed a New York
nigger Recorder of Deeds, —a place which paid
upwards of SIO,OOO per year.
Did the dear Democratic dervishes howl and
whirl over these Cleveland appointments?
Did you hear a single yell when Cleveland in
vited old Fred Douglass and his white wife to
the Cleveland wedding reception? Did you
hear any screams of agony when Cleveland
signed the bill which broke up the separate
schools in New York City and threw the nig
ger children in the schools with the whites?
Indeed, you did not. When a Democratic
President divides patronage with the Coons, it
a
tSfya ‘Sftffersonlan
is all right; when a Republican President does
the same thing, it is all wrong.
How silly this is. Why cannot the South
ern leaders come to some understanding on
this matter? If it is right for Cleveland and
Bryan to practice Social Equality, it cannot be
wrong for McKinley and Roosevelt to do it. If
it is wrong for Roosevelt and Taft to favor
division of the spoils with the negroes, then
the same principle should be applied to Demo
cratic Presidents.
Bryan favors mixed schools, and he edu
cated his children along with the negroes.
Bryan supported a negro for office in Nebraska,
against a white man, and got him elected.
Bryan made his deals with the negroes in the
last campaign and, had he been elected, would
have appointed as many of them to office as
Cleveland did.
Why should we not look the facts in the
face?
The Jeffersonian thinks that Mr. Roosevelt
did wrong to appoint Crum. We think that
the Democratic Senators ought to kill the ap
pointment, if they can. Yet, we know per
fectly well that had the Presidential candidate
of these Democratic Senators been elected, HE
WOULD HAVE APPOINTED NEGROES
TO OFFICE MORE FREELY THAN
ROOSEVELT HAS DONE, and these Demo
cratic Senators would have made no kick.
Such inconsistency and hypocrisy excite our
contempt. Let the Southern leaders agree
among themselves that they will oppose all
negro appointments, whether made by Repub
lican or Democrat.
The fact that the Crum appointment CAN
be opposed, is one of the proofs of the danger
of Bryan’s candidacy last year. The deal
which he and Henry Watterson had made with
the negro leaders, would have compelled
Bryan to appoint Crums by the dozen, AND
THE DEMOCRATIC SENATORS WOULD
HAVE BEEN AS HELPLESS AS THEY
WERE UNDER THE CLEVELAND AD
MINISTRATION.
* *
California, the Japs, and the Consti
tution.
The white people of the Pacific Slope hate
the men whom God made brown and yellow.
For the Chinese and the Japs, Californians have
no use. Other Western States are in sympa
thy with California, and therefore we have a
case of race hatred on the Pacific which is
very promising. One thing that it promises is
that the white people of the West will come to
understand the Southern attitude toward the
negro.
The point which The Jeffersonian desires to
make now, however, is one of constitutional
law.
President Roosevelt, and the Hamiltonians
generally assume that a Treaty made by the
United States may legally override a State
law. They assume that where the Federal
Government has entered into a Treaty with
Japan, guaranteeing equality of treatment for
the Japs who are in this country, the State of
California cannot lawfully exclude Jhem from
the schools, confine them to a certain part of a
city for business and residential purposes, deny
them the right to own realty, or discriminate
against them in any manner whatsoever.
This Contention of the Hamiltonian Cen
tralists is not good law.
The reserved rights of the States cannot be
impaired by treaty. The President and the
Senate cannot, by act of Congress, take away
a particle of the sovereignty of a State. No
one will dispute this. How, then, can the Gov
ernment do, by treaty, what it cannot do by
act of Congress?
The States made the Federal Government;
the States made the Constitution; the States
defined the powers which were conceded to
the Federation. The highest Ichv in the land
is the Constitution ; next, come treaties made
in pursuance of the Constitution.
How can it be claimed that a treaty is made
in pursuance of the Constitution, whew it in
vades the reserved rights of *a State. To
regulate her own domestic affairs, prescribe the
qualifications of voters, and adopt whatever
police regulations —not inconsistent with
powers granted the Federal Government—is
the inherent, sovereign right of each State.
The Supreme Court of the United States
recently decided that the State of Kentucky
could legally exclude negro children from the
white schools and colleges. If Kentucky can
discriminate against the blacks, why cannQt,
California draw the line against the brown and
yellow men?
COULD THE PRESIDENT MAKE A
TREATY WITH LIBERIA, OR WITH
ABYSSINIA, WHICH WOULD DEPRIVE
KENTUCKY OF HER RIGHT TO SHUT
BLACK PEOPLE OUT OF THE WHITE
SCHOOLS? Such a contention would be ab
surd.
Yet the effort of the President to prevent
California from closing her white schools to
the Japs and the Chinese, is a parallel case.
We trust that the Pacific States will stand
firmly for their Constitutional right to regulate
their own local affairs,—treaties or no treaties.
H H H
What Tennessee Ought To Do.
The outlaws of Reelfoot lake have been con
victed and sentenced to die. They kidnapped
and murdered a man; and the same Book
which says “Thou shalt not kill,” says, also,
“Whoso sheddeth man’s blood by man shall his
blood be shed.”
Yes, —they must be punished, but their origi
nal cause of quarrel was just.
In ißii there was a convulsion of nature; a
portion of Tennessee sunk hundreds of feet;
the waters of the Mississippi River rushed in;
and Reelfoot Lake was born. It is 40 miles
long and five miles wide. It is 125 feet deep, —
in some places its depth has never been meas
ured, although lead-lines have been dropped 400
feet.
This Lake is full of fish. From perch and
bass up to alligator gars, —some of which are
fourteen feet long, —the waters of Reelfoot
teem with natural food. Fed with spawn and
small fish by the yearly overflow of the Mis
sissippi, the Lake cannot be “fished out.” The
natural food supply is inexhaustible.
FORTY YEARS AGO THE STATE OF
TENNESSEE GRANTED THIS MAGNIFI
CENT PUBLIC BLESSING TO A PRI
VATE SPECULATOR! Almost for nothing
was deeded away to a Mr. Galloway, a piece
of property worth untold millions of dollars.
From that time, there has been trouble along
the shores of the Lake. The people who lived
in that part of Tennessee felt that a wrong had
been done them. For generations they had
fished the Lake. In no mean degree, it con
tributed to their support. They made no at
tempt to keep others from using it, but when
the private speculators forbade them to use it,
at all, they were furious.
Wasn’t this natural?
What would happen in Florida, if a negligent
or corrupt Legislature should allow a bill
slipped through, granting Lake Okechobee,
to Flagler, or Smith, or Brown? What would
happen in Georgia, if private parties, armed
with an Act of the Legislature, should attempt
to make the natives quit fishing in the Chatta
hoochee, the Flint or the St. Mary’s?
Let us put ourselves in the place of these
Reelfoot people. From generation to genera
tion they enjoy certain privileges in a body of
deep water which belongs to the State, to the
public. As a matter of fact and of law, Reel
foot Lake comes under the definition of “navi
gable water.” Some day a canal will connect it
with the Mississippi, and its importance will be
great.
But aside from that, the natives, having en
joyed the use of the Lake so long, felt toward