OF INTEREST TO FARMERS
SUPPLY AND DEMAND.
The markets of the world are
dominated by a few who worship in
the temple of Greed. Everything the
soil produces that the producer him
self does not consume, everything
found upon the tables or in the ward
robe of civilized men and women, is
..compelled to pay a profit to many
who did nothing to earn a profit, but
who assumed a position that enabled
them to dictate prices from the seed
in the soil to the finished product.
The system exists. It has existed long.
Men are profiting by it, and, there
fore, some say it must not be over
thrown.
But others are losing as a result of
it. Those who created the commodi
ties often do not get a just profit, and
the whole world is taxed to give exor
bitant profits to those who “toil not,
neither do they spin.” There is a
better way. Arbitrary price dictators
are avaricious gamblers. Control the
supply to meet the demand and let
equity rule the market. Eliminate
the folly. Wisdom has found a bet
ter way.—Up-to-Date Farming.
THE CENTER OF FRUIT PRODUC
TION SHIFTING.
The Fruit Trade Journal tells us
that more than 3,000,000 fruit trees,
principally apple, were set during the
year just closed, in Washington, Ore
gon and Idaho. Most of these trees
are set in commercial orchards, many
of such orchards comprising not less
J an 5,000 trees. It is further said
that this heavy setting of 1908 will
be duplicated in 1909, and it is esti
mated that by the year 1912 these
trees will produce not less than 60,-
000,000 bushels of apples. This in
dicates that the center of apple pro
duction is shifting to the Northwest,
where many conditions are more fa
vorable to orchard culture than in
the Eastern and more Central States.
SALT FOR COWS.
It is very essential that the cows
get plenty of salt, to supply their sys
tem with the required amount of
chlorine, says the Southern Agricul
turist. A great many dairymen ad
vocate the rock salt in the field or
lot where the cows may have con
stant or frequent access to it. Others
persist in putting a handful of salt in
the manger once a day, while still
others mix it with the food, thus
forcing the cow to eat it whether she
wants it or not: At any rate the cow
should have from three-fourths of an
ounce to one ounce a day. A
slight excess will do no harm, but
a sufficient amount should be avail
able each day.
The amount of salt that must be
supplied to the cow directly varies
according to locality, more being re
quired at a high elevation and places
far inland.
SCRUBS.
A colt worth $l5O will eat no more
than one worth S4O; a calf worth SSO
will eat no more than one worth $7;
the hen which will lay a large num
ber of eggs will eat no more than a
dunghill. Only rich people can af
ford to keep scrubs of any kind.—The
Western Stockman.
INTENSIVE FARMING.
“We know a farmer who has a
small tract, forty acres,” says Farm
and Ranch. “He has produced eight
bales of cotton on twenty acres. He
has corn enough for use, and rough- -
ness. He has sold potatoes, fruits;
berries, garden truck, poultry, eggs,
some fine pigs, and two Jersey calves. ‘
His income from this forty acres has
been over $l,lOO. His purchases
have been of things needed, and .
which he could not profitably produce.
He paid for forty acres, $1,500, of
which S4OO was cash, and gave notes
for si,loo. After making improve
ments he will pay SSOO of the princi
pal, and the interest. He cultivates
his land, as he says, ‘two acres deep,’
and so claims to have eighty acres in
cultivation. He gives his wife credit
for half of all he has done; and says
she is the better half.”
VALUE OF HOTBEDS.
The home garden too often fails to
contribute a fair proportion of value
in the affairs of household economy.
Home gardening requires attention;
to many little details, and the very
general lack of understanding them
deprives many families of luxuries
that ought to be regarded as necessi
ties to right living. The hotbed is an
essential adjunct in good gardening,
and yet it is surprising how little the
management of hotbeds is under
stood.. Certain plants, such as the
tomato, pepper, eggplant, sweet po
tatoes, require to be started and part
ly developed under artificial condi
tions. Others that do mature within
the length of our seasons can
be brought to maturity earlier, and
the time of use prolonged by employ
ing the hotbed to secure early devel
opment. Thus the practical utility
of the hotbed is apparent to all whose
tastes demand the use of fruits and
vegetables of the garden through a
long season. —Rural Californian.
ONE KERNEL OF WHEAT.
Eleven ounces of wheat for one
kernel is the record for the season in
this valley. The single grain of
wheat in particular was planted in a
flower bed that belongs to and is at
tended by Mrs. S. Aplet. Scarcely
any attention was paid to it until
after it had grown more than a foot
in height.
She did not molest it, however,
and not until it began to head out
did her curiosity lead to investiga
tion. Mrs. Aplet discovered that
there were 119 heads in the bunch.
When threshed out and weighed at J;
the Stay ton pharmacy there was 5
found eleven ounces of wheat. —Ore-1
n
gon Journal.
I
DESTROYING STUMPS.
To destroy stumps, bore an inch!
auger hole twenty inches deep in theT
center of the stump and throw into it®
four ounces of saltpeter. Fill withm
water and close tightly with a wood-1
en plug. This should be done!
in the fall. In the spring pour fourl
ounces of petroleum into the hole,!
set on fire and it will burn out everyKg
root. —Texas Farmer,
Cl?e Jeffersonian
SCALDING PEACH BORERS.
The hot-water cure is recommend
ed by many for peach-tree borers, ac
cording to the Southern Agricul
turist. It is a somewhat drastic
treatment —for the borers —though
it does not hurt the tree. The borers
work either at or directly beneath
the surface of the ground, around the
trunk. The tree may be hilled up in
the form of a saucer, the dirt packed
a little and the scalding water poured
in. This will invariably bring out
any borers. It is not believed to
hurt the tree, although an excess of
water should not be used. An emul
sion of one part of naphtholeum to
one hundred and fifty parts of water
is also recommended.
Cabbage seed may be sown now in
cold frames to make plants for early
setting. While it is better to plant in
November, still if the soil is rich
they will do just as well now and be
less likely to run to seed next spring.
BROADWELL'S DOUBLE-JOINTED COTTON—The Prize Winner
The highest tribute ever paid to any
’ 11 1 variety of cotton was Broadwell’s Dou
ble-Jointed Variety. It has taken first
and second prizes for the largest yield
of cotton at the Georgia State Fair for
the past five years; has also taken both
first and second prizes for the best ten
stalks of cotton for the past five years.
What better recommendation would
you want? I have sold my cottonseed
to men in thirteen States in the last
five years, and ninety-nine out of one
hundred that has planted Broadwell’s
Double-Jointed Cotton will tell you
that it will make more to the acre
than any other cotton they ever plant
ed. Now, if you want to make more
money to the acre than you ever made
with cotton, plant Broadwell’s Double-
Jointed Cottonseed this year. You can
get them for 75 cents a peck-or $2.50
per bushel. The only way you can get
the genuine seed, is to order from
John B. Broadwell, Alpharetta, Ga., or
Mark W. Johnson Seed Co., Atlanta,
Ga. For full particulars address
JOHN B. BROADWELL,
Alpharetta, Ga., R. F. D. No. 3.
TELEGRAPHY
BEING A BRANCH OE 'T'fSS-L 01.0 ESTABLISHED
SOUTH ERN SHORTHAND and UNIVERSITY,
ACTUAL, RAII.ROAO LINE RUNNING THROUGH OFFICES
a C BRI.SCOE I‘RI.S. -fSENO boa e.V. Ai.OG -1.. W AKXOL.n v PRM
Are You Looking for a Home?
Then investigate Colquitt County. Its farm-lands are unsurpassed by any
in the State of Georgia. Its population consists principally of white Geor
gians, who are prosperous and contented.
j Correspond with us if in need of farm-lands either as a home or as an in
vestment. We are prepared to supply your wants, in either large or small
tracts, at very low’ prices and easy terms.
\ Perfect titles, w r ell-drained soil, healthy climate, good roads, good schools
and churches in every community. Fine railroad facilities and excellent
nearby markets for all farm products. For further particulars w T rite to us.
COLQUITT COUNTY LAND COMPANY,
Moultrie, Georgia.
If - ...
f FOREIGN MISSIONS
S By Thos. E. Watson ■
fl A handsome book of one hundred pages. Price, I
fl 25 cents. Premium for one new subscription to I
I Watson's Magazine or The Jeffersonian at SI.OO I
I THE JEFFERSONIANS THOMSON, GEORGIA I
DEAFNESS CURED
By New Discovery
‘‘l have de
monstrated
that deaf
ness can be
cured.” Dr.
Guy Clifford
Powell.
The secret of how to use the myste
rious and invisible nature forces for
t]ie cure of Deafness and Head Noises
has at last been discovered by the fa
mous Physician-Scientist, Dr. Guy Clif
ford Powell. Deafness and Head Noises
iisappear as if by magic under the use
of this new and wonderful discovery.
He will send all who suffer from Deaf
ness and Head Noises full information
how they can be cured, absolutely
free, no matter how long they have
been deaf, or what caused their deaf
ness. This marvelous Treatment is so
simple, natural and certain that you
will wonder why it was not discovered
before. Investigators are astonished
and cured patients themselves marvel
at the quick results. Any deaf person
can have full information how to be
cured quickly and cured to stay cured
at home without investing a cent.
Write today to Dr. Guy Clifford Pow
ell, 5951 Bank Bldg., Peoria, 111., and
get full information of this new and
wonderful discovery, absolutely free.
PAGE NINETEEN