PAGE TEN
LETTERS EROM THE PEOPLE
Adairsville, Ga„ July 27, 1908.
Hou. T. E. Watson and Jeffersonians:
Thomson, Ga.
My dear Mr. Watson: As the twin brothers,
the Democratic and Republican parties have
each met in Convention and naminated their
“Bills” for President, and being so much
alike in principles of course they both had to
have a “Bill” for their nominee; this being
the case we need not look for >any fight be
tween the two old parties but there may be a
little bickering and lack of harmony occasion
ally when either one happens to get in the
way of the money power. Bryan having given
up all Democratic principles but a mere out
side skin, it being so thin that a blind man
can see through it —Taft and Bryan traveling
the same road, going in the same direction,
hands tied and their mouths sealed by the
money power, where* will the rank and file
of the Democratic and Republican parties be
found in this fall’s election 1 ? Thev will be
found voting’ the Populist Ticket.
I have been in the West for the last six
years, have traveled a. good deal over Texas
and Oklahoma and also the Territories. I
have been with all classes and have talked
politics a good deal and I am astonished to
learn that the farmers and the laboring classes
of both the Democratic and Republican parties
are going to vote the Populist ticket this fall,
they have so expressed themselves openly and
have seen the light.
Never in the history of Populism have we
had a better chance to win than Ave have now
—Bryan having thrown all his Democratic
principles to the lawless money power. Taft
or the Republican party has lost its grip on
account of its Tariff views, and the money
panic coming during their administration gives
the Populist party an unprecedented oppor
tunity.
Now brother Populists and reformers we
cannot afford to rest on our oars or to go to
sleep because we feel cheerful over the bright
prospects, and leave all the work for Mr.
Watson and Mr. Williams to do. While they
shoot the big guns we can shoot the smaller
caliber and bring the recruits. Let every one
who believes in the Populist reform for which
we stand, go to work with a vim not only in
Georgia but everywhere and form Watson
and Williams clubs and work as if the whole
tight depended on you and you alone. Let
each one take a tour in his community every
week as a missionary worker and see every
individual voter and see how many we can
get to help with this mighty work of reform.
While we are working don’t fail to speak a
word for the Weekly Jeffersonian and
Magazine remembering that every new sub
scriber means another vote for our party and
cause and if every Populist can secure a new
vote with the volunteers that are coming in
we .can carry the election.
The old parties say that Populism is dead;
so did Christ’s crucifiers say that he was dead,
but He rose the third day. We have arisen
the third time and this time to stay. The
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Democratic party has given us some stunning
blows but we are up and at them again and
still calling for the People's rights and every
blow from them has been a boomerang and
today the Democratic party is as dead as
Hector. Who killed it? They did. Cleveland
struck it a heavy blow and just a few so-called
Democrats who nominated Parker gave it
another blow. Ever since Parker’s defeat Mr.
Bryan has had a dagger in his jugular vein;
and at the Democratic Convention Bryan got
enough so-called Democrats to help him pierce
its heart with the dagger. Bryan will not get
as many votes as Parker did in 1904. The
Democratic party is dead! dead! dead!
A. C. TAYLOR.
R. F. D. 4.
England, Ark., July 24, 1908. -
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Ga.
Dear Sir: Your “Mexican Outbreak u is
not quite correct. I am just from a trip to
that country. The people are getting better
wages and living better than they ever did and
their condition is constantly improving. There
probably is truth in that they can vote the
government ticket or stay at home, and I be
lieve that, present conditions considered, it is
for the best. The government is just to all
persons. Railroads are in nearly every portion
of the country and others are building.
Schools are building up and there is material
progress everywhere. The people believe in
Diaz and want him and want his policy con
tinued, and it will be. Revolutions may be
started, but they will, and ought to, fail, just
as the present fiasco has. At least a genera
tion of peace is assured for Mexico, and let us
hope for all time.
There is much disaffection in the Dem
ocratic party here. A number of men openly
say they are for Taft who have heretofore al
ways voted the Democratic ticket straight. A
few will vote for the Socialists, and some
Populists, if there are electors to vote for;
otherwise they will vote the Independence
League ticket.
Twelve years of Republicanism has not giv
en the workers homes or prosperity and the
laborer is alwavs face to face with starvation.
Most all of them are in debt and they count
it doing well when they have enough to pay
their crop mortgage and winter themselves
and families.
The panic has pinched the most of them.
There are plenty of men who know the cause
and would break off but we have no money
to pay the fees charged to put candidates on
the official ballot and hence we are cut out.
If we had money we could put speakers in
the field and get a big vote for the national
ticket.
He that is for us is not against us. Hence
I think your war on Hearst is bad politics.
This battle is to determine which of us is
to survive, the Populists or the League.
Their objects are the same.
The change is coming, and it will come sud
denly as in New Zealand. We could confl-
dently expect it in 1912, if we could unite the
Populists and the League in this year’s con
test. If it is impossible for the Independence
and Populist forces to unite, then the country
will turn to Socialism. Anything save anar
chy is belter than present conditions. Hence
I would say, if circumstances are such that
we cannot concentrate our forces this cam
paign, we will in 1912. I am old and will
probably have passed over before that time.
I see no difference between the two old par
ties. Neither one of them is worth a cent to
the creators of wealth, the workers.
Bryan’s surrender to the money power is
the most humiliating event in the history of
the Democratic party.
Yours truly,
R. B. CARLLEE.
Daleville. Ala., July 25, 1908.
Editor Wanson's Magazine:
Wm. J. Bryan says that his nomination at
the recent Democratic convention came from
t'ue common people—the rank and file. I
don’t know what he bases his statement oil.
How many farmer delegates were in that con
vention? Not one?'
How many fanners were allowed to say a
word in that convention? Not one.
How many farmers or laboring people were
allowed to write a line in the formation of the
platform ? Not one.
How many farmers or laboring people that
even had any sayso in the selection of dele
gates? Very few, indeed.
Os course there may have been several farm
ers of the Bryan type among the delegates,
whose real business is banking, merchandising,
or lending money and who own a farm out
in the suburbs (like Bryan) as a side issue—
for amusement purposes only. A real fanner
who depends on farming exclusively for a
living—l haven’t the-least idea there was one
of this sort there.
The same can be said of the Republican con
vention at Chicago. There wasn’t even a
farmer among the negro delegates at Chicago.
If it was desired that the common people
be represented at these conventions, why were
not a few farmers or laboring’ men chosen to
represent farmers and laboring men?
Ah! I can tell you. They would have been
too common for the association of the silk
halted gentry who composed the delegation.
The attitude of the two old parties toward
the common people reminds me of the way
the old Catholic Church treated the people
when her power was absolute during’ the dark
ages. .•
Ihe members of the church .had no voice
in church government; They were not -even
allowed to read the Bible, and to keep them
from reading it, and to keep them in ignor
ance, the Bible was kept buried under dead
languages so that no one could read it except
the priests. These conniving priests well
knew that if the people were enlightened they
would soon learn the true character of the
Catholic Church. And if business got a little