PAGE TWELVE
WIGGLE-TAIL DEMOCRATS..
(Continued from Page Nine.)
do not understand how certain federal statutes
operate upon themselves, their families, their
present and tlieir future, —and they refuse to
be taught. They take what the papers say
about it, and they let it go at that. Investi
gate for themselves? No. Act independent
ly? No. Call their leaders to account? No.
Make themselves felt in the policies of the
Government ? No. The well is stagnant —
and full of wiggle-tails. Every four years
they have a tremendous racket over the swap
ping of a buzzard for a turkey-buzzard, £nd
then for four more years these lotus-eaters
say, “Let us alone.’’
This is written in no spirit of scoffing, of
levity, of anger, —but with a sadness too deep
for words. *
HU*
The Christian Adbocate.
Our neighbor, above named, closes an edi
torial by saying that “Mr. Watson’s criticisms
are too ignorant to be weighty.” Os course,
our neighbor is referring to foreign missions.
—a subject upon which the denominational
papers show a queer tendency to be thin
skinned and hot tempered.
Now, let us all preserve our equanimity,
good humor and good manners. It isn’t alto
gether the best form to accuse an opponent
of dense ignorance and stupidity, even though
we sincerely believe him to be both ignorant
and stupid.
The Christian Advocate, with some asper
ity, inquires, “Why doesn’t he”—meaning
T. E. W., of course,-—“investigate?”
Neighbor, do you imagine that Mr. Watson
would seriously discuss any subject which he
had not investigated? Our readers know bet
ter. We venture to say that we have read
a greater number of books, pamphlets, etc., in
favor of the foreign mission system, than the
editor of the Advocate himself has perused.
We have not relied upon a single criticism of
our present method of spending the n cney.
Our arguments against the unscriptv: d and
unilateral use of foreign mission funds are
based upon revelations contained in books and
pamphlets published in support and advocacy
of the system.
The Advocate makes this statement: “The
manner of spending these funds is closely
scrutinized. Virtually no part of them goes
for food and clothes.”
This sentence, written in the innocence of
the Editor’s heart, proves that he should spend
SPECIAL PREMIUM OFFERS
Story of France, for 6 subscribers, at SI.OO
each, to either Jeffersonian.
Napoleon, for 4 subscribers to either.
Waterloo, for 3 subscribers to either.
Life and Times of Jefferson, 4 subscribers to
either.
Bethany, for 3 subscribers.
Handbook of Political History and Economic
Questions, 2 subscribers.
Sketches of Roman History, 1 new Subscriber,
sent by another than the subscriber.
I,ite and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson, 3 sub
scribers.
‘Gb® '3fcffersonian
a few days over that pile of books and reports
which Mr. Watson investigated.
Once again, we say that it is true that the
foreign missionary goes to the needy heathen
with tempting offers of the necessaries of
mind and body,—free medicine, free medical
attention, free board and treatment in the hos
pital, free schoolbooks, free tuition, from kin
dergarten to college; free victuals and clothes;
and, often, a promise of steady employment
to scholars after graduation.
The Advocate, alluding to the needy of our
own land, doubts the existence of much desti
tution and inquires, lightly,
“Is it not true that money can be had for
any needy person so soon as his need becomes
known?”
There's optimism for you I What have we
had. for the last fourteen months, but terrible
tales of suffering among the poor and the
unemployed 'of all our large cities? Appar
ently, the Editor of the Advocate has been
so concerned over Hindus, Chinese, Japanese,
Hottentots • and what nots that he has been
blind to the piteous condition of hundreds of
thousands of his own flesh and blobd. All
the records prove that the number of our peo
ple who for years have been living within a
week of privation run into the millions. When
200,000 of our wage-earners are suddenly
thrown out of work, and are idle for a year
or more —does it require unusual sagacity to
understand the misery which comes to the mil
lion wives and children dependent on the
wages of these men?
The Jeffersonian does not expect any con
siderable change in mission methods. Too
many people are interested in keeping the sys
tem what it is. But we have no apologies to
make for saying that IT IS UNSCRIPT
URAL AND UNNATURAL TO BE GIV
ING TO THE CHILDREN OF THE
HEATHEN THE BLESSED ADVANT
AGES FOR WHICH OUR OWN LITTLE
ONES BEG IN VAIN.
* * *
The Homeless of One City.
The County Council which governs London,
England, takes a census every year to ascer
tain the number of homeless people.
By this careful, official count it is made
known that on Friday'night, January 15, 1909.
London, the richest in the Christian world,
had 2,088 homeless citizens, 170 of whom were
women and 23 children.
The Salvation Army and the Church Army
provided shelter for 1,184 °f these poor crea
FREE Dollar Bottle Vitaline
Dr. Rainey says: "My scientific form- r ”
ula of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases and symp- Xe Pl
toms mentioned below—it's the most certain of all and
there is no doubt about this. Vitaline tablets are just the IX I RLnltll HI '
treatment so many are looking for, what they should have i
and must have to be made strong, vigorous and healthy, it w_ _|B I
makes no difference how weak you are nor how long you |tl| A I TKjj
have had your trouble.Vitaline will easily over- 111 <S 11 ■ / TO-Dig |
come it—it will not fail nor disappoint you.” wV\
NERVOUS WEAKNESS, DEBILITY-^™*’ I*- 1 *-
2—— Nervous, Weak,
Wornout Feeling, Weak, Aching Back, Lack of name, address
Strength, Energy or Ambition, Bad Dreams, Poor / ? n " centspostags stamps
Memory, Bashful, Restless at. Night, Despondent. ■ thc bottle to you—that's
STOMMCH TR Oil RIFS Pain In Stomach, Loss of I 1° J. e <o,,ar
OI " m jL > ? I L!" VMPI - C> ~Ar>pptlte. D.spepsH, Indi- I VX °! v,u,,n « tablets. We Want ■
gestlon. Bad Taste or Breath, Sick Headache, Bloated, | nothing for them until you can say With ■
Heartburn, Sour Belching, Spitting Up, Catarrh, Gas. | a glad heart that you have at last found B
Gnawing, Nervousness. ■ the right medicine. Pay us no money B
HEART WEAKMERt Fluttering. Skipping. Pal pita- I until you are satisfied and willing, and B
"**"■»_” tion, Pain in Heart, Side or I «’• •" »•« »• * our Judgement and say- ■
Shoulder Blade, Short Breath, Wenk. Sinking, Cold or M so, which We abide by —that's the |
Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing In | understanding.
Excitement or Exertion. | ITN| Vltallne tabletß act OQ tho Vlu . ■
CATARRH— Hawking.Splttlng.Noseßunnlng Watery M |Xpw Organs that generate the vital warmth B
or Yellowish Matter, or Stopped Up, ■ ' and the nerve force which makes one ■
Sneezing,Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Pains ■ feel strong, vigorous and healthy
in Kidneys, Bladder, Lungs, Stomach or Bowels may R equal to all the duties and pleasures of ■
beCatairh. ■ robust strength and life. They give you B
Rinnn TROUBLES 6en er a 1 Debility, Paleness, | v <K°rand vitality every day and restore B
pu "" p _ l . wuu .""?~Thln. Weak. Run-Down, Ner- |
voiis, Rash, Sores. Ulcers, Pimples, Chilly or Feverish, | t'«ver know there was anything the I
Loss of Flesh and Strength. ' ■ matter. ■
| eZX Vltallne tablets are guaranteed under I
■ U. 8. Pure Food and Drugs Act—Serial B
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co.. Dept. 81. ISt Lake St., ■ MIXI No. 3877—y0u have never had anything I
Chicago. I enclose four cents postage. Send at once ■ tRCT like them, combining their wonderful B
by mall In plain package >I.OO bottle Vltallne Tablets ■ heullng and strengthening power. I
on trial, and if It proves satisfactory I will send you ■ We send von our
SI.OO. otherwise I Will par you nothing. ■ , you our beautifully lllustra- ■
oi.vw, oin.rwis. ■ win pay noinma. g ted book, “Vitality’ —you have never B
■ ’■■Mh seen one like it. Our testimonials from I
Name - people cured after ten to forty years of ■
doctoring will convince you of all we B
claim for Vitaline. . ■
Address
tures, and other institutions took care of 145
more. But there were 750 of the homeless
who slept on staircases, under the arches of
bridges, and in the open street.
The weather, of course, was bitterly cold,
and these two thousand human wretches were
hungry and scantily clothed, in addition to
being without shelter. x
In the same papers which tell you of such
as the foregoing, you will find
descriptions of gold bath tubs for pet dogs,
and of ladies who appear at court, blazing with
diamonds wortfi millions.
Apparently, we have only learned with our
lips that we are our brother’s keeper, that the
State does owe a Huty to the citizen.
* * *
Good to the 'Railroads.
Uncle Sam deals most indulgently with
those pets, the railroads. For instance, it paid
fifty-nine thousand dollars per year for the
use of four cars which, according to Postmas
ter-Generdl Vilas, couhj have been built and
equipped in the best modern style for $17,500.
The $59,000 was paid for the annual rent of
the cars. In addition to this, the Govern
ment allowed the railroad full-weight pay for
the carrying of the mail, and this came to
$504,573-
During the year mentioned in the Vilas re
port, we were paying the railroads two million
dollars for the rent of cars. Mr. Vilas declared
that an equal number of mail cars, of the same
kind, could be bought and kept in good order
for $1,846,240.
Thus you see that we were paying every
year as rent a larger sum than the cars were
worth.
Congress refused to make any change. The
Vilas report was made in 1887. The whole
country has long known these scandalous
facts. ‘But we still continue to pay the roads
a yearly rental for the use of flimsy wooden
coaches, a greater sum than would buy them
outright.
Whenever there is a smash-up on the rail
road, the fragile mail coach, which is near
the engine, is the first to go to wreck and ruin,
maiming and killing the clerks.
'Die Government ought to build or buy steel
mail-coaches, or compel the railroads to do it.
The amount now paid annually for the
* rental of the wooden mail-cars is $4,800,000.
Besides this, we pay the railroads $46,000,000
for hauling the mails. This tremendous ex
pense would be cut at least half, if the Gov
ernment owned the roads.