ol the very best of troops, Mr. Watson can see
no marvel in the triumph of the Union over
the Confederacy.
Mr. Davis, himself, was a true man, but not
a great one. He had no War Secretary equal
to Stanton ; he had no Secretary of State who
was, in diplomacy and resource, the equal of
Seward; he had not the assistance of such fi
nanciers.as Jay Cooke and Spalding; and he had
not at the head of Confederate armies recruits
from the North to offset what the South lost
in such generals as Custer and Thomas. The
wealth and the population of the republic were
on the side of Mr. Lincoln, and so was the
public sentiment of the world.
it was-no miracle that the
Union triumphed. Nor did he bear upon his
shoulders the entire burden, as Washington
did in the Revolutionary War. In that strug
gle of eight years, all the odds were against
Washington.
He had no strong cabinet to aid him. He
had to rely upon himself in all things. In the
field he had to direct armies, and with the oth
er hand he had to direct the state. He was the
indispensable man.
Had he fallen, the cause would have col
lapsed. His place could not have been filled.
There was no one else who could have held
the army together and kept the states in active
cooperation.
Historic justice forced us to put Mr. Lin
coln upon a less exalted pinnacle than which
Washington occupies, but we did not do it
sneeringly, nor in a spirit of carping depre
ciation.
Judging Mr. Lincoln as a constructive states
man. we felt bound to say that he was not the
equal of Benjamin Franklin, Alexander Ham
ilton, Thomas Jefferson and Henry Clay.
Weighing him as a lawyer, the truth required
that such men as Webster, Choate, Revcrdy
Johnson, John Marshall and quite a number of
others should be put above him.
As a debater, he equalled Douglas on the x
hustings, but would have been no match for
Webster in the senatorial forum. As a prac
tising attorney, his rank was high, but not
higher than that of Tom Corwin, Sargent Pren
tiss, Ben Harden, Dan Voorhees. Ben Butler
and many other famous nisi-prius lawyers.
A calm analysis of Mr. Lincoln and a dis
passionate comparison of him with other great
men, should not be offensive when it is not
meant to be so.
Had we been so inclined, we might have
raised the question of the mistake made by Mr.
Lincoln in signing the national bank act, —
the law which enslaves the whites and blacks
in a terribly impartial serfdom to the Money
Power. We might have gone into the man
ner in which General McClellan was sacrificed,
because of his politics. We might have dwelt
upon the refusal to exchange prisoners, and the
resultant horrors of prison life on both sides.
But all such issues we refused to raise. And
why? Because we wished to avoid any topic
which would arouse sectional feeling and re
vive the bitterness of the past.
We hope that the bright paragrapher of the
Herald will take the trouble to carefully study
that Lincoln article, and will then apologize
handsomely for the injustice of his paragraph.
H H H
Who Can Ansiver?
From a Georgia boy, we receive the follow
ing letter:
Glennville, Ga., Feb. 9, 1909.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: I am twelve years old, and desire
a question in your most worthy paper, The
Jeffersonian. Is the Georgia school law a fraud
and swindle, or is it the rascality of the state
and county school boards? We Tattnall chil
dren can’t get books. They claim orders can
not be filled, the demand is too great. Yours
for success, Arling Tootle.
The Jeffersonian can not afford to make
reckless charges and, therefore, we will invite
Jeffersonian
those who know the facts to answer this in
quisitive boy.
Here is an intelligent lad who reads the pa
pers. He feels that “the men who control”
are not doing right by the children.
To that extent we can go, with a clear con
science. Somebody allows the school-book
Trust to rob the people, in a most scandalous
and cruel manner. Somebody changes the text
books oftener than they should be changed.
Somebody did a very great wrong to the peo
ple by changing the books for this year, at a
time when the average man of the town and
country “is in a tight,” because ©f the panic,
the low price of cotton and the short crop.
To throw upon our people the unnecessary
burden of buying a full set of text books, at
this time, was a heartless act.
We would like for the State School Com
missioner, or some one else, to inform us whv
it was that the books in use for 1908 were dis
carded for 1909. What great change has taken
place which rendered the books of 1908 ob
solete in 1909? If they were good last year,
what rendered them unfit for this year?
n * h
"That’s The Way The Money Goes;
Pop Goes The Weasel.
Do you know, Brother Taxpayer, what it
costs you to run the municipal affairs of the
citv of Washington?
T he yearly expense of doing that is twelve
million dollars. When the Jeffersonian was in
Congress the amount which we took from you
to finance the District of Columbia was about
one-third of what is now taken. But in the
appropriations for Washington City, as in
every other direction, extravagance gets worse
and worse.
Senator Clay, of Georgia, stated in his speech
in the Senate, that it is costing the people
more to govern the one city of Washington
than it takes to run the state government of
Texas. Georgia’s state government costs
about $4,000,000, and that of Maine about
$2,500,000, and each of these states has a very
much greater population than the District of
Columbia. To be exact, the last census of the
District shows only 323,000 inhabitants.
Therefore, you arc paying out, annually,
nearly forty dollars for every man, woman and
child in the City of Washington.
Some of this comes back in the taxes paid
in the District, but the larger part of it is gone
for good.
Let us look into some of the items of this
enormous outlay.
The yearly sum of $6,980 is paid out to a
“Sealer of Weights and Measures,” and his as
sistants. What on earth does a Sealer of
weights and measures do to earn that big
amount of your money every year? We con
fess that we don't know.
The sum of $40,000 was appropriated to pav
salaries of Librarians of the free library which
you maintain in Washington, and the sum of
SIO,OOO additional was given for the purchase
of more books for this free reading room of
yours.
I he sum of SB,OOO was set apart to warm
up the building and to keep the lunch room
going. Then SIB,OOO was given to this free
library to cover expenses included under the
vague word “Miscellanies.”
It seems that you maintain bathing estab
lishments on the Potomac at heavy expense,
and that you have set apart, through your
Congressmen, $5,000 to construct a new swim
ming pool.
Now read this line, taken bodaceously from
the official record:
“FOR IMPROVEMENT OF POOLS FOR
COLORED BATHERS AT PRESENT
PLANT, $3,000.”
Quite free with your money, aren’t you?
It seems that you not only furnish free edu
cation on the most elaborate scale in Wash
ington City, but that you buy the pianos for
the music teachers.
This year the new pianos which you, through
your Congressmen, have ordered for these
schools will cost you $2,406.
Doesn't it make you feel good when you see
your children in the cotton patch to reflect
that they are toiling to pay the taxes which
furnish free bath houses and pianos to Wash
ington City niggers?
But this is not all. Read this, taken from
the official record:
“For text-books and school supplies for use
of pupils of first eight grades * * * $75,000.”
That much for just one year, remember. You
pay a similar sum every year, you know. In
other words, you keep the school-children of
the District of Columbia supplied with free
text-books, and every other school-house nec
essary.
Yet you refused to follow the lead of the re
formers who tried to get you to vote free
school-books to your own children.
New school buildings and the repair of old
ones cost you half a million dollars this year,
in Washington City.
There were increases of salaries and other
expenses all along the line, in the District bill
upon which we are commenting. Not a single
reduction or retrenchment was made or at
tempted. Every change called for more money.
No office was abolished. Many new positions,
with nice salaries attached, were added. Only
in one or two instances did any of your Sena
tors raise the voice of objection to the lavish
and wicked waste of public funds. No fight
was made upon anything. Even the mon
strous item of $5,000 to pay for a lawyer’s
opinion about the title to a piece of property,
went through I
You already have four lawyers employed by
the year in the District, at salaries aggregating
$12,000, and vet your Congressmen set aside
FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS TO PAY
FOR ONE LEGAL OPINION.
Os course, this means that some lawyer with
a pull needs the money.
This District bill is proof of your lack of at
tention to Congressional doings.
Why don't YOU put the screws to YOUR
Representative, and compel him to promise to
make a fight on this prodigal squandering of
your money?
»•
A Tea-Pot Pp iv
The Daughters of the Confederacy offered a
prize for the best essay on Robert E. Lee. A
voting lady of Minnesota bore off the honors.
President Edwin A. Alderman, of the Univer
sity of Virginia, and Prof. C. A. Smith, of the
University of North Carolina, were two of
three judges who passed upon the merits of
the competing essays, and they now find them
selves in hot water. Certain belligerent editors
of the Sunny South have even gone to the
length of demanding that President Aiderman
resign his Presidency of the U. of V.
What is the row about?
Why, this Minnesota girl used the words,
“he was a traitor,” in referring to General Lee.
We have not had the pleasure of reading the
young lady’s essay, but The Washington Her
ald, which is always friendly to the South, as
sures us that the reasoning of Miss Boysen is
just the reverse of what the words, “he was a
traitor,” would lead one to suppose.
Whether it is or not we don’t care a fig.
When the Daughters of the Confederacy in
vited a lot of Northern teachers to write what
they thought about Lee, the Daughters im
pliedly encouraged the teachers to deal hon
estly with themselves and with the subject.
The prize was not offered for the most fulsome
essay, nor the most scurrilous essay, but for the
best essay. Therefore, the learned gentlemen
who awarded the prizes had no option in the
premises; as impartial judges it was their duty
to give the first place to Miss Boysen, if her
paper was the best.
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE