C*l)e Jeffersonian
Vol. 7, Number 13
► <
How Lon Livingston, One "H, the Deserters,
Is Attempting to Deceive the People
Hg
That he voted against Cannon for Speaker, and
against the old rule called the Cannon rul| >.
That he voted to cut the tariff from two to one dollar per thou
sand, and on every other schedule he voted against the schedule:
That those who say that he voted with the Republicans on the
tariff bill lie.
I would like to see fair play and you are in a position to make
the matter clear.
This for information as I have not kept up with the matter, but
Colonel Livingston’s friends are using the above from his letter to
defend him in this race.
Any attention that you may give this will be appreciated.
Yours truly, B. L. MILLING.
Atlanta, Ga., March 23, 1910..
ANSWER.
The foregoing is as fine a specimen of craftiness and plausi
ble deceit as Livingston himself ever handed out. Just as old
Joe Cannon was at his best in the fight which carried him
down, so Lon Livingston’s ruling passion is strong in death—
he never lied more cunningly than he is lying now.
One of the most universal characteristics of the human
mind is, a tendency to believe what we are told. If the subject
is one that we know but little about, and the statement made
to us conflicts with nothing which comes within our own
knowledge, we are almost sure to believe it—provided it is not
unreasonable in itself. We may know a man to be a liar: and
yet, if he tells us something which is credible, our natural in
clination is to believe.
Os course, Livingston knows this. Thoroughly acquainted
with the commoner traits of human nature, and utterly with
out principle or scruple, he has probably been the most daring
and successful member the Ananias Club ever initiated.
He is now in a corner, near his last ditch, and he simply
can't afford to tell the truth. A full confession, would be
equivalent to political death.
Sometimes a half-told tale is the biggest of all stories.
Sometimes a half-truth is the most deceptive of falsehoods.
It is so in this case. The statements made in Livingston's
letters are true; but they are NOT THE IF II OLE TRUTH.
He puts the case in such away as to convey the impression
that he opposed Cannon, the old rules, and the new tariff; and
is therefore not responsible for anything the Republicans did.
You would never suspect from his partial statement of
facts, that he was one of the twenty-three Democrats who de
serted to Cannon at the critical moment, saved him from utter
overthrow, kept in his hands the power to say what measures
should come before Congress, what men should serve on Com
mittees. and thus made it possible for Cannon to jam the new
tariff through the House.
Bat that is fast what he did. The Fitzgerald amendment
to the old rules, for which Livingston voted, did not impair
the Speaker's despotic control of the House. It only estab
lished “Calendar Wednesday”, which has been of no benefit,
up to now. (The calendar is the docket on which bills, like
cases in court, are entered, in the order of their introduction.
This docket was to be called on Wednesdays.)
The Speaker and his Committee on Rules were the tyrants
EAR SIR:—As the politics in this State are waxing warm
I would be glad to have your expression in regard to a
few points that I have in mind.
I have been reliably informed by a friend of Col.
L. F. Livingston that he has a personal letter from the
Colonel in which he, Colonel Livingston, states that he
did not vote for the tariff bill with the Republicans in
the committee of the whole during the extra session of
Congress by which that measure was passed, and that
his vote is on the record under the five minutes rule:
Mlanta, Ga., Thursdo • March 31, 1910
of the House, after the Fitzgerald amendment was adopted
just as before.
It is true that Lon voted against Cannon for Speaker: he
viiew that Cannon had been chosen by the Republican caucus,
and that they had votes enough to elect him. Cannon did not
need any Democratic votes, THEN. The Insurgent Republi
cans supported him for the Speakership because of the caucus
nomination. They left him on the question of adopting his
old rules.
Fitzgerald, of N ew York city? (a p at McCarren
ottered the Calendar Wednesday” amendment to the old
rules; and, with this unimportant modification, the old Cannon
rules were adopted.
Livingston voted against the old Cannon rules, did he?
117/?/, bless your life! CANNON AND LIVINGSTON
* 777 AT?! All the regular Republicans voted
with the twenty-three Democratic deserters.
The Insurgents and the Democrats were against the Fitz
gerald amendment, because it offered no relief from Cannon-
Cannon and the Republican regulars were in favor of it
FOR THE SAME REASON. ' 7 T
Cannon knew that he could nullify the Fitzgerald amend
ment. and he did it. beautifully, until the House rebelled, a
few days ago.
AA hy did not Livingston, Howard. Edwards, Lee and
Brantley go to Cannon’s rescue again, as they did last Spring?
(1) This is Election Year,'
(2) Ihe Jeffersonian has been firing the woods.
The Deserters dare not do it again until they are re-elected.
11 hat was the effect of Livingston's voting with Cannon
and the other Republicans?
C annon himself declared in his Kansas City speech, that
(continued on page twelve)
!■*" ♦ ♦"♦♦♦- ♦♦ ♦ <>• * £
Where Is Your Gun?
s
OME one clipped from an Atlanta paper an article in
which the statement was made that every citizen in
Fulton County was to be vaccinated. On the margin
was written :
what shall we do?”
Isn't it strange that courageous people, who are in
perfect health and are not charged with crime, should
allow themselves to be bulldozed by such officials as Dr. Ken
nedy, of Atlanta? You have a perfect right to resist arrest,
when no warrant is produced charging you with violation of
some section of the Penal Code. You have a perfect right to
resist the man, or men, who attempt to seize you, for the pur
pose of cutting you, and putting putrid matter into your veins.
No city or town can legally deprive you of your personal
liberty by compulsory vaccination ordinances. No such act of
a legislature would be valid.
Vaccination is one of our inherited fads, like our fear of
night air”, and our superstition about Friday.
Such brutal methods as those of Dr. Kennedy should hare
heroic doses of shot-yun treatment.
The world has put up with that form of homicidal insanity
quite too long already. J
Price, Five Gents