PAGE FOURTEEN
TRADEGY IN BREAD LINE.
(Continued from Page Seven.)
its heat. Some thrust the roll into the pocket
for later in the night; some had finished it be
fore they reached the cup of coffee. Some
passed around the long table and on out at
the other door which led from the warmth of
Jhe cellar back to the night, silently, sullenly,
dazed by the despair of the hollow street.
Some stopped and spoke to the little man and
thanked him for the coffee and the rolls
Door Closes on Starving Men.
The bread was getting low in the bin.
“We will have to shut the door soon,”
said th? little man, “and the line is long out
side. It will not be many minutes now before
we shall have to shut the door. ’ ’
Outside the line had caught the fear of the
shut door.
All at once, with a mighty movement, it
rushed forward, and with a wild, still intensity
pushed the foremost of the line down the
steps in at the door. And then like a knell
came the order:
“Shut the door!”
The shut door pushed the mass of humanity
back up the steps and into the street.
The staring eyes of them! The white,
clutched hands of them! The wolfish look of
unsatisfied hunger! The hopelessness! The
despair! —New York Times.
HOW A COLLEGE BOY HELD BACK A
BRITISH ARMY.
(Continued from Page Three.)
the British, in three columns, advanced to the
assault. The fort was attacked on both sides,
but the main assault was at the weakened
northwest angle. It was gallantly made. A
shower of bullets from the deadly rifles of the
garrison threw the British into confu
sion, but their officers quickly rallied them.
Lieutenant Colonel Short leaped into the ditch
at the head of the storming party and shouted
to his axmen, “Cut away the pickets, my
brave boys, and show the damned yankees no
quarter. ’ ’ This was the moment for which
Croghan had reserved his six-pounder. The
masked port flew open and the gun poured a
volley of slugs and grape shot along the ditch,
filling it with dead and wounded. The Brit
ish fought with stubborn courage and the sec
ond storming party came on undauntedly, but
another discharge from the six-pounder and a
volley of rifle bullets ended the contest.
Lieutenant Colonel Short, with two subal
terns and twenty-five privates, lay dead in the
ditch, but there were others still alive whose
groans could be heard in the fort. Croghan
could do nothing for them, as thousands of
savage foes surrounded the fort and ho could
not take the risk of exposing any of the
garrison. But as soon as it grew dark buckets
of water were let down into the ditch and a
trench was dug under the stockade by which
the wounded could be reached without open
ing the gates of the fort. In the pile of
dead bodies 2(5 were found still living, and
they were drawn into the fort and cared for.
The whole loss of the British in killed,
wounded and missing was 97. The loss of the
garrison was one man killed and seven slight-
THE JEFFERSONIAN
ly wounded. The blow to the British was so
severe that they abandoned the expedition.
General Proctor was disgusted with his In
dian allies, who had left the British to make
the assault alone. The same night he re-em
barked his troops and returned to his head-
TWO HUNDRED_
FOWLS IN COLORS
WHAT THE POULTRY FANCIERS HAVE BEEN
WANTING FOR MANY YEARS
COLORED Pictures of all varieties of Poultry, Turkeys. Ducks and Geese will appear in the
American Poultry Journal beginning with the February number. You can get these
by subscribing for American Poultry Journal, 50c a year, or still better, if you tell your
friends about these pictures and get two or more subscribers, we will make each one of you the
cut P r * ce :^c a year. IYou probably already know the merits of American Poultry Journal, as
it is known everywhere, being the oldest poultry paper in the United States and having the larg
est circulation, 60,000 monthly. We spare no expense to make American Poultry Journal the
two years we have been preparing this magnificent work, and it has cost us nearly
$5,000.00. Never before in the history of the poultry business have all recognized varieties of
poultry, turkeys, ducks and geese been pictured in colors and assembled in one harmonious
series of illustrations. Poultrymen have wanted and demanded these for years, but no other
Poultry Journal has dared to undertake it; not even the American Poultry Association, although
the demand from poultrymen for colored pictures is so strong that it is now talked that the
American Poultry Association will have colored pictures of fowls in the Standard some time in
the future. IfSend in your subscription today and start with the February number, so that you
will secure the complete set of these beautiful colored pictures. Address all orders to
American Poultry Journal Pub. Co., 117 So. Clinton St., Chicago, 111.
The Sound of a Voice
Carries more weight than a dozen letters or telegrams.
You can give your message and receive the answer at once.
ON THE BELL TELEPHONE
Our system of long distance lines extends to all parts of
the country. It costs but a trifle.
FOR INFORMATION CALL THE MANAGER
*"■ 1 ■ * •
Southern Bell Telephone and Telegraph Co.
2
——wn ■■■ i wiiihh
King’s Cotton Seed Sold
The “Little Giant" Oil 9 MONTHS’TIME
in Earliness and Productiveness To prove what it wilt
— DO on your LAND
The f£ing Seed, Write for Application Blanks
direct from the originator’s hands in "‘-TSKatSSM and Full Particulars.
North Carolina, produced double as much as other kinds, as the testimony given
below proves. Now Let Us Show You What it will do For YOU.
Thp (( RpnillnP ?! R ‘ OOUSE, of Texas, says: The King will produce double as much as others, n n n i
ine benume Mb. A. A. WILLIAMS, oiGeorgia, says: The King planted same time on same land It OUffht tO
tflnffU Dniihlpd .. wlthsame manure and cultivation Is twice as good asothers. n ° ~
Mug UUUUIcU Mb. J. d. ROGERS, Texas, says : I will get twice as much from King as from others. DO 8S WBll
the Yield. M “- E .i , i’ l Se x “’ sayß! 1 wlll mike 3 time 988 much from K,ns as from For YOU.
SSTi 1 1
Address, ’ J. KING CO., Richmond, Va. I
quarters at Malden, Canada. One hundred
and sixty men, commanded by a youth,..Jiad
repelled the invasion of Ohio, defeating an
army, before which the army, of which his
own command was a detachment, had retreat
ed. —The Sunny South.