OF INTEREST TO FARMERS
THE WINTER DUST BATH.
This important essential in chickten
raising is often neglected because the
rains or bad weather have tempora
rily put the dust bath out of com
mission, says the Poultry World. To
supply the lack, it is advisable to fill
two or three barrels with a good loam
and place it where the rains can not
damage it. When the ground is
frozen, some of the loam may be
placed in a box, either in the sun or
in shelter. The box should be about
fifteen inches high, to prevent dirt
being kicked out. Wherever possi
ble, the floor of an unused stall would
do in lieu of the box. The dirt should
be changed frequently, to prevent
filth accumulating. A little lime add
ed increases the value of the bath,
which is the hen’s natural method of
ridding her of insect pests.
GIGANTIC MUSHROOM. .
An interesting thing in the mush
room line came to light recently when
a giant specimen weighing over
•thirty pounds was found near Pitts
burg by one of the professors in the
Carnegie school. The mushroom was
edible, it was found, and though it
may not have been the growth of a
night, it certainly grew in less than
forty-eight hours, since a search of its
locality made the day previous to that
en which it was found disclosed no
evidence of it. If mushroom growers
could arrange to cultivate this par
ticular species, more than one mush
room fortune might be the result. —
The Epicure.
THE WAY TO PAUPERISM.
What a wonderful country the
South would be if the good acres did
not have to pay for so many pauper
acres. And all over the South mil
lions of acres are on the road to pau
perism by the tenant cropping sys
tem. The greatest land-pauperizing
influence in the South is the miser
able cropping system. It has run
more land to waste since the war than
good farmers have been able to re
deem; more land on the road to old
fields than is being farmed well. —
Progressive Farmer.
THE HORSE IN WINTER.
The first cold snap that puts in its
appearance the driver of a horse or
a team hustles to a clothing store to
purchase an overcoat, or searches the
closets at home for last year’s coat.
Let these drivers remember that the
horse they drive is just as sensitive
to the cold as they are. When you
buy an overcoat for yourself, buy a
blanket for the horse and use it
every time you stop. No matter if
you only stop for five minutes, throw
the blanket or lap-robe over the ani
mal’s back to protect his kidneys.
What is more disgusting than to
see a horse shivering from the cold
for the want of just a little atten
tion! Do not think that because the
horse is a dumb animal that he does
not appreciate it, for he does, and if
you will study your horse you will
soon see that he shows his apprecia
tion in many ways.
A good thing to remember is to
take the bridle to the house and
warm the bit before placing it in the
mouth of your horse. One way to
impress this on your mind is, on a
cold and frosty morning, to stick
your tongue out and touch it to the
bit on the bridle. The first impulse
will be to yank it away, but if you
do the result will be that part of
your tongue will stay with the bit.
Just imagine how the poor horse
feels that is compelled to take a cold
bit every morning. Be as kind to
your horse as you can, for in this
day and age his life is not always a
happy one at best. —Our Dumb Ani
mals.
VETCH HAY.
Common vetch is a great nitrogen
gatherer and is used as a farm crop
in many different ways, says the
Southern Agriculturist. In some lo
calities it has proved valuable as a
catch crop and also as a cover crop
in orchards. In France it has been
grown to furnish honey-making ma
terial for bees. In the eastern United
States the common vetch has not
proved to be so valuable as other le
gumes, but in western Oregon it has
become a standard stock feed and is
used as hay, silage, pasture and as a
soiling crop. It makes a very palata
ble hay and dairy cattle prefer vetch
silage to that made of red clover. On
some farms vetch is replacing clover
in the regular rotation. Vetch is
usually sown in the fall with wheat
or rye to support the stalks, and is
cut for hay when the seed begins to
form in the pods. From two to four
tons of hay to the acre are yielded,
while an acre gives from 15 to 30
bushels of seed.
HOGS STILL TENDING UPWARD.
In spite of the high prices to which
hogs have already attained, the ten
dency is still upward; and it now
looks like there will have to be
found a substitute for this common
est flesh food of the American people.
No branch of stock-raising is more
inviting just now than hog-raising.
The original investment may seem to
be larger,than usual, and it neces
sarily must be; but the return is
quick, and there is little danger that
it will not be good. Early spring
pigs can be brought into a good mar
ket before the frosts of the follow
ing winter.—Up-to-Date Farming.
WHEAT AND EGGS.
We all learn slowly, says the Kan
sas Farmer. Most farmers grow
wheat, but not many think of saving
some of it for winter feed for the
laying hens. Feed dollar wheat to
chickens? Yes, and make money by
it. Wheat is almost a perfect ration
for laying hens; and if fed to them
in litter, so they must scratch for it,
getting ias near as possible to nature,
the hens will be contented, well fed,
supplied with needed elements —na-
ture’s requirements will be met, and
they will lay eggs—perform nature’s
function. With eggs at present prices
the wheat thus fed will bring more
than a dollar a bushel. Our prefer
ence is to feed wheat and corn both
—wheat in the morning and corn at
night, not forgetting, of course, the
meat scraps, grit, etc,
□kffersonian
OYSTER PLANT.
The best place to grow salsify or
the oyster plant is after some early
crop like cabbage and on some heavi
ly manured ground.
Salsify is a very hardy plant and
in the South will-grow all winter. It
is ready for use any time after winter
sets in and will improve till spring.
The roots are boiled and then made
FREE TO YOU—MY SISTER SSEI"
I am a woman.
I know woman’s sufferings.
1 have found the cure.
X ’ 1 will mail, free of any charge, my home
treatment with full instructions to any suf
ferer from woman’s ailments. I want to tell
\ women about this cure— yon, my reader.
/ \ for yourself, your daughter, your mother, or
A y° ur sister. I want to tell you how to cure
.x yourselves at home without the help of a doc
’ • | tyr - Men cannot understand women’s suffer-
I ’ in S s - What we women know from expert*
fence, we know better than any doctor. I
’ : /know that my home treatment is a safe and
z; . J sure cure for Lcucorrhoea or Whitish Dis-
VC 4 / charges, Ulceration, Displacement or Falling
•/ °f the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Pe-
- riods, Uterine or Ovarian Tumors or Growths;
\ a^so pains in the head, back and bowels, bear-
X. y ing down feelings, nervousness, creeping feel-
N. y ius up <l,e s P ine ’ melancholy, desire to cry,
N. llot flashes, weariness, kidney and bladder
troubles where caused by weaknesses peculiar
to our sex.
I want to send you a complete ten days’ treatment entirely free to prove to
you that you can cure yourself at home, easily, quickly and surely. Remember,
that it will cost you nothing to give the treatment a complete trial; and if you
should wish to continue, it will cost you only about 12 cents a week, or less than
two cents a day. It will not interfere with your -work or occupation. Just send
me your name and address, tell me how you suffer if you wish, and I will send
you the treatment for your case, entirely free, in plain wrapper, by return mail.
I will also send you free of cost, my book— “WOMAN’S OWN MEDICAL AD
VISER” with explanatory illustrations showing why women suffer, and how they
can easily cure themselves at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to
think for herself. Then when the doctor says, “You must have an operation,”
you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured themselves with
my home remedy. It cures all, old or young. To Mothers of Daughters, I will
explain a simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leu
corrhoea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in Young Ladies.
Plumpness and health always result from its use.
Wherever you live, I can refer you to ladies of your own locality who know
and will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all wom
en’s diseases, and makes women well, strong, plump and robust. Just send me
your address, and the free ten days’ treatment is yours, also the book. Write to
day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
mrs. m. summers, Box 460, - - South Bend, Ind., U. S. A.
Are You Looking for a Home?
Then investigate Colquitt County. Its farm-lands are unsurpassed by any
in the State of Georgia. Its population consists principally of white Geor
gians, who are prosperous and contented.
Correspond with us if in need of farm-lands either as a home oi' as an in
vestment. We are prepared to supply your wants, in either large or small
tracts, at very low prices and easy terms.
Perfect titles, well-drained soil, healthy climate, good roads, good schools
and churches in every community. Fine railroad facilities and excellent
nearby markets for all farm products. For further particulars write to us.
COLQUITT COUNTY LAND COMPANY,
Moultrie, Georgia.
FOREIGN m n rrr--'
- missions r K. JtL
EXPOSED
Send us four trial three-months subscriptions to The Jeffersonian at twenty
five cents each, and we will send you a copy of “Foreign Missions Exposed,”
by Thos. E. Watson, fully illustrated. Use this coupon. Write plainly.
■ - ■ J S u— --
NAME POST-OFFICE ; R.F.D. STATE
I
Sender.
Post-Office.
Mail this with SI.OO to THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
into cakes and fried, and they very
greatly resemble oyster fritters.
Salsify needs a deep and strong
garden soil, but no manure, as that
is apt to make it grow forked.
It is sometimes best to add some
acid phosphate in putting salsify on
old cabbage ground.—Southern Agri
culturist.
Some hens are so busy waiting for
the feeding hour that they have no
time to lay. Justice to the producing
fowls demands that they have but
little more time to live.
PAGE NINETEEN