C>l)£ Jeffersonian
Vol. 7, Number 17
WHY DOES BILL HOWARD KEEP
GARTER TATE IN OFFICE?
N the Legislature of 1882-3 I served
with Carter Tate. He was about the
weakest sap-head in the body.
Later, the wealth of his marble
quarry relatives and strength of the
Democratic machine sent him to
Congress. There he excited amuse
ment, as well as astonishment.
Tom Reed, in one of his speeches,
i
J A 7
was interrupted by Carter. Thereupon Reed
said, in his most insolent tone —
“I wonder how the gentleman from Georgia
ever got here at all?”
Tate couldn’t say a word, and sank into his
seat.
How did he come to be appointed District
Attorney? How has he managed to hold the
i ob?
He’s no lawyer. He has no ability. His
office is said to be run in the most slip-shod
manner. But he stays put.
Recently, he has been under investigation.
It is said that a discreditable state of affairs
was discovered. Everybody began to believe
that Carter would be bounced.
But no: Carter still rides serenely on the
crest of the waves.
* IF7m 7is the secret? A letter which Bill
Howard wrote to Judge Robert L. Rogers,
once an applicant for Tate’s position, seems
to explain matters.
Bill is for Carter; and Bill’s pull with the
Republicans is all-powerful.
He saved the day for them last Spring;
and thus enabled them to pass the new law
which has added so enormously to the pro-fits
of the Steel Trust, the Oil Trust, the Packer’s
Trust, the- Cotton-Spinners'’ Combine, and, all
the other 'manufacturers of protected goods
and wares.
Oh, yes, indeed. Bill can get any little
old thing that he wants from the Ballinger-
Wickersham-Dickinson - Hitchcock -Taft ad
ministration.
And one of the things that he wants, is to
protect Jim Smith, of Oglethorpe, from peon
age prosecutions.
That convict colony, in Oglethorpe, has
long been a disgrace to that county, and to
this State. Time and again, the grand juries
have sought to handle Jim Smith. Dr. 'Wil
lis Westmoreland, as official examiner of con
vict camps, made the most damning report
against the Jim Smith camp. Nothing re
sulted.
General Gordon, when Governor, fined the
Jim Smith Company $2,500, chiefly on ac
count of the brutal whipping-to-death of Bill
Sturgis, a negro, sent up from McDuffie
County. I got the hideous details from a
returned convict, and put them in the posses
sion of the attorney prosecuting Jim Smith
before Governor Gordon.
But no reformation in methods followed.
Jim Smith’s convict colony, in Oglethorpe,
Atlanta, Ga„ Thursday, effprit 28,
V *
continued to be a shame and a reproach to
the State.
Last year peonage prosecutions menaced
Jim Smith. Then the -firm of Jim and Bill
and Hampy got busy.
The rabbit foot was worked on that no
torious Federal bunch, in Atlanta. The gal
lant old Confederate soldier who had issued
warrants against millionaire Jim, was prac
tically superseded by AN APPOINTEE
WHO IS THE TOOL OF JIM AND BILL
AND HAMPY.
He hasn’t bothered millionaire Jim with
peonage warrants. No, indeed: not he.
The Confederate veteran was subjected to
implied rebuke, to outrage and to humiliation,
IN ORDER THAT JIM SMITH MIGHT
ENJOY IMMUNITY FROM PEONAGE
PROSECUTIONS.
Now, if Carter Tate were both honest and
energetic, Judge Newman would probably not
venture upon that bold step which has the
effect of discouraging prosecutions for peon
age. Judge Newman is no tyro nor novice:
he was bound to know why Bill Howard,
Hamp McWhorter and Jim Smith wanted
that old Con federate soldier virtually deposed
and superseded.
HE COULDN'T HELP- KNOWING IT.
But Carter Tate, his District Attorney, was
necessarily a party to the shutting off of
prosecutions for peonage.
NOW YOU SEE WHY BILL HOWARD
KEEPS CARTER TATE IN HIS OF
FICE, DON'T YOU?
He is a man whom they can USE: and we
have discovered that Bill's motto is, 11 A BIRD
IN THE HAND IS WORTH TWO IN
THE BUSH."
That motto kept the cunning coon, Rucker,
in office, us, for thirteen years; and it is
keeping (he incompetent and' perhaps, cor
rupt Carter Tate in office, too.
The more you learn of Bill Howard's rec
ord. the more you know about him, don't you?
He had the audacity to ask me where was
the man who. trusting to my honor, had not
been betrayed?
And, here he has been, for fourteen years,
LEADING A DOUBLE LIFE. PRE
TENDING TO BE A WHITE MAN AND
A GENTLEMAN!
We now discover this dark-skinned, secre
tive. cat-like half-Spaniard- to have been a
persistent traitor to the whites, a cloaker of
crime, a base deserter to the Republicans. His
deliberate apostacy is costing the common
people at least a million dollars a day, in the
increased cost of living.
And to cap the climax of his infamy, he is
advertised to leave his post of duty, io come
home and make speeches to save himself
from, merited punishment! -HOW MANY
SPEECHES HAS HE EVER MADE IN
CONGRESS FOR THE PEOPLE? None.
He might as well have been born dumb.
What bad law has he tried to repeal ? None.
What good law has he tried to enact? None.
For the Pullman Palace-car Company, for
the Telegraph Companies, and for the Ex
press Companies he strenuously worked and
voted, to keep these cormorants from being
put under the supervision of the Interstate
Commerce Commission.
Why? ASK HIM THE QUESTION,
AND DEMAND A REPLY!
Isn't he sending telegrams all over his dis
trict, now? Yes; he is. Does he pay for
them? No; he doesn’t. The Company allows
him to send them free. Why? BECAUSE
HE SERVED THE CORPORATION SO
WELL.
I guess he uses the Express Companies and
the Pullman cars, the same way.
Paid $15,000 for nine months’ work, every
two years; getting big fees in law cases; his
father-in-law working under a nigger and
drawing good pay; his brother-in-law pock
eting $1,500 a year as Bill’s Secretary; the
Government allowing him ten cents a mile to
and from Congress; don’t you think— Oh,
don't you think! he might have been honest
and straight enough to vote with the people
and not with the Pullmans, the Telegraph
• and the Express Companies?
And don’t you think— OH, DON'T YOU
THINK! that his heart might have been true
enough to the South— which has honored
him— NOT TO BETRAY HER TO NEW
ENGLAND ROBBERS?
Victimized Subscribers to
The Cotton Journal
EAR Slß:—From reading your reply to
Harvie Jordan it appears that you have
something to do with The Cotton Jour
nal Company.
On October 2 7th, last, I sent The Cot
ton Journal a dollar to renew my sub
scription and could riever hear from
them. I wrote the Postmaster at At
lanta, and he says he paid them the
H!
money on the 29th of October. I wrote them
again and got no answer.
Would like to know if there is any way for me
to get my money. Haven’t they violated the crim
inal law? Would like to hear from you. Will
find envelope for return. With kindest regards
and best wishes. Yours truly,
Farmington, Ga. P. W. DURHAM.
ANSWER.
My connection with the affairs of The Cot
ton Journal Company was originally that of
a patron of its printing establishment, and
the lender of some money which saved it from
bankruptcy.
The concern had been bled white by big sal
aries, paid to sundry ornamental persons who
know as much about running a newspaper as
(continued on page seven)
Price, Five Cents