A large Baptist Church at Santa
Rosa, Cal., was built from the wood
of a single California redwood tree.
Fireworks were originated in the
thirteenth century by the Florentines,
and later were popularized in Rome.
The estimated world’s production
of lead in 1907 was 964,910 metric
tons, as compared with 968,174 tons
in 1906.
• The 350,000,000-odd tons of coal
mined in the United States each
year, if piled together, would make a
cube having sides 714 yards long.
Rejected by the British War Office,
an aerial torpedo, the invention of a
Swedish artillery officer, has been
purchased by the German army.
The sale of land reclaimed by the
Federal reclaimation service is fex
pected more than to repay the $60,-
000,000 expended to date by the
government.
Seaweed may be planted in the
Schuylkill River in Pennsylvania as
I Jeffersonian Premiums |
&! HOW TO GET UP A. CLUB OUR premiums M
F 0 Every article offered is the best that CO
|Sjg can be procured for the money. It is
(A/ Get the people Interested. Give them they can then easily be induced to sub- not our purpose to make a profit on UJ
an opportunity to read the paper. When scribe. these premiums. We have figured the Kzf
kU r hnvn , o ,h thov will know fn- If preferred, the samples will be sent cost as low as possible, and offer them KW
K*j IS yh ? a t't’u thA bp-i nanpr in to you to distribute personally. Person- for the least number ot subscriptions that 1M
tU themselves that it is the best paper m a] persisjtent sollcltat ion ls tbe great we can. SH
CO countr y- secret of success. “It’s dogged as does renewals IO
Write down the names and addresses „ Renewals count the same as new sub- KSg
jjj of your friends who are not already sub- Send your names in at any time —even scribers.
scribers, and send them to us. We will you h ave only one —and state what SUBSCRIPTION RATES
kU send a sample copy of the paper to each premium you are working for. We will Jeffersonian Magazine, $1 per year; Sw!
JVf name by return mail. Within a few days acknowledge receipt and when you have Weekly Jeffersonian, $1 per year. Qj
call upon the persons and tell them the obtained enough subscriptions you can No premium allowed on subscriptions
CO sample was sent at your request, and claim the premium. for less than one year. LCJ
■" ” will be surprised and pleased when you CO
Premium for 20 Magazine Subscriptions, see the set. daisy traveling clock —in Mo-
m or 15 Weekly Subscriptions the monarch atlas of the rocco case. H
A set of 26 handsome pieces of Rogers’ WORLD Retail price SB. _. 5k
fT> Silver Plated cutlery-6 tablespoons, 6 the world and its people-a Premiums for 5 Magazine Subscriptions, LV
?R tawe forks 6 teaspoons, 6 triple- »°° k . 352 ° f illustrated text, 65 or 3 Weekly Subscriptions FR
II rame imn», u ’ pages of maps, 750 half-tones from rare „., P . 1k1 . r . 1 , LA
kN plated table knives, 1 butter knife, 1 photographs. Bound in silk eloth. TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK KS
Aj sugar spoon. A very handsome set. The OLD MISSION SHELF CLOCKWith AND PRACTICAL HOUSEKEEPING—
retaiI price of this premium is sls. real weights, beautiful and reliable. 2^n encyclopedia of household affairs;
<4 —7r~ s C K • MISSION LAMP—Iron pedestal, ca- 800 Pages; fully described and illustrated
T} Premiums for 15 Magazine Subscriptions, thedral glass. Retail price sls. ion another page this week. CTf
or 10 Weekly Subscriptions 0 « x 7 —cTr •*• practical farming and gar- fV
JA WEBSTER’S IMPERIAL DICTIONARY Premiums for 8 Magazine Subscriptions, DENING—In these days, when “rule of
—Unabridged. This is a ten dollar die- or 5 Weekly Subscriptions thumb” has given way to scientific work, |T
tionary, well printed, well bound, nearly BREAKFAST SET—Thirty-one pieces, we all have much to learn. This is a
J 3 2,000 pages, with several thousand illus- Very handsome. modern, up-to-date book. The retail price
wJ} trations, tables, colored plates and en- RED LETTER STUDENT’S BIBLE— of it is $3. XN
gravings. It is at once a dictionary and Flexible leather covers, red under gold EVER-READY SAFETY RAZOR—Don’t jj&
an encyclopedia. edges; contains 16 pictures of the Holy wait for barber, but shave yourself. (j
OLD MISSION PENDULUM CLOCK — Land, 12 maps, and helps for the study Complete outfit. You can shave yourself Sk
JQ Eight-day movement, cathedral gong. of the Bible. The words of Christ are in five minutes. >
Fully described and illustrated on an- printed in red. Fully described and il- OLD FASHIONED RAZOR—FuIIy
JJ other page this week. lustrated on another page. described and illustrated on another page Mfrl
DINNER SET—Forty-seven pieces. EGYPTIAN EBONY MANTEL CLOCK this week - CQ
J&J These are genuine, high-grade, expensive —A beautiful ornament and a reliable CHINA CAKE SET—Seven pieces, fruit SW
dishes of semi-porcelain, with beautiful time-piece. decorations.
rP) French decorations and gold edges. Each I A PRESENTATION EDITION OF THE FOUNTAIN PEN—Diamond point, safe- rv)
feM piece is full size for everyday use. You 1 BlßLE—Magnificently bound. ty clip, 14-karat gold. Ij&l
Instructive Items In ‘Brief
an experiment to attempt to filter
the water which is used for drinking
purposes in Philadelphia.
Tobacco was successfully grown
under government supervision in
Ireland last year; but as the crop has
not yet been marketed, the financial
result will not be known for some
time.
A Louisiana man has invented a
machine for measuring and recording
the measurements of lumber. Planks
passed through it engage a roller
attached to a registering device on
the side.
French scientists are studying a
peculiar movement of the sands along
the northern coasts of France,
Belgium and Holland. A fine sand
originating on the coast of Normandy
has been found as far away as Den
mark.
t
After lying buried for three cen
turies, a firkin containing one hun
dredweight of butter has been dug
up in Fallagherane bog. County
Tyrone, Ireland, by a farmer. The
Ttye. THeffersoniare
hoops and staves of the firkin, which
was twelve feet under ground, col
lapsed when lifted up, but the butter,
of pale yellow color, is in a perfect
state of preservation.—Nashville
Banner.
PEOPLE WILL TALK.
You may get through the world, but
’twill be very slow’,
If you listen to all that is said as
you go;
You’ll be worried and fretted and
kept in a stew —
For meddlesome tongues must have
something to do.
And people will talk.
If quiet and modest, you’ll have it
presumed
That your humble position is only as
sumed —
You’re a wolf in sheep's clothing, or
else you’re a fool,
But don’t get excited; keep perfectly
cool —
For people will talk.
And then, if you show’ the least bold
ness of heart,
“Or a slight disposition to take your
own part,
They call you an upstart, conceited
and vain;
But keep straight ahead; don’t stop
to explain.
For people will talk.
If threadbare your dress, or old-fash
ioned your hat,
Some person will surely take notice
oi that,
And hint rather strong that you
can’t pay your way;
But don’t get excited, whatever you
say —
For people will talk.
If you dress in the fashion, don’t
think to escape,
For they criticise then in a different
shape;
You're ahead of your means, or your
tailor’s unpaid,
But mind your own business, there’s
naught to be made,
For people will talk.
Now, the best way to do is to do as
you please,
For your mind, if you have one, will
then be at ease.
Os course, you will meet with all sorts
of abuse,
But don’t think to stop it —it’s really
no use —
For people will talk.
—The Midwestern.
PAGE SEVEN