PAGE SIX
Unibersity Should Honor 'Memory of Milledge
As there is considerable talk about the re
pairing 0? Old College, the first building erect
ed in this city, and there are some who even
think it would be best to tear the old struc
ture down, although of this number there are
but a few.
In this connection the minds of the people
will revert to the days when the University
was founded and when this old building was
erected. Then it is that it is found that the
land on which the city of Athens now stands
* was given to the University by Governor John
Milledge. He was the man who gave the in
stitution its start, and yet there has not in the
century that has followed that gift been done
sufficient honor to his memory by the institu
tion that owes so much to him.
It seems that it would be a most graceful
thing for the University authorities, even at
this late date, to honor the memory of Gover
nor Milledge in some fitting manner, and it
has been suggested that in no more fitting
manner could this be done than by making
his grandson a trustee of the institution.
Capt. R. H. Milledge, grandson of Governor
Milledge, would make the institution an ad
mirable trustee and his appointment would be
a fitting tribute to the memory of the man
who gave the University its start.
Sketch of Governor Milledge.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, in writing a friend
in this city, gives the following account of
the life of Governor Milledge:
His ancestors were Englishmen, who came
to Georgia with General Oglethorpe. His
father is said to have been intimate with
Oglethorpe, and one of his trusted counsellors.
John Milledge, who afterward became gov
ernor of Georgia, was born in Savannah, 1757.
When only eighteen years of age he was one
of a small party of daring young patriots
who surrounded the royal magazine and cap
tured a large quantity of gunpowder, which
at the time, was very much needed by the
Continental army, both north and south; in
fact, the New England troops were so short
of ammunition that a portion of the gun pow
der captured by John Milledge and his as
sociates was forwarded to Boston and used
by the American troops in the battle of Bun
ker Hill.
Some weeks after the capture of the royal
magazine, young Milledge and his band of
patriots captured the royal governor himself
and held him a prisoner in his own house.
These were daring deeds, for at that time the
royalist sentiment in Georgia was so strong
that in various places public meetings were
held to denounce the action of the Boston
patriots and the Savannah hot-heads.
Throughout the Revolutionary war John
Milledge served with the greatest gallantry,
establishing a character for courage and pa
triotic devotion to duty which afterward
caused him to be sent to congress term after
term.
It was in 1802 that he resigned from con
gress to become governor of this state.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
The legislature having passed an act in
1784 donating certain lands to provide an en
dowment for a college, the trustees who had
the matter in charge finally decided to locate
the institution in Jackson county. When the
committee met at Billups Tavern in 1801 for
the purpose of inspecting the various tracts
of land which had been donated for the pur
pose of selecting a site for the University,
they found that a place, consisting of 633
acres, and belonging to Daniel Easely, was
very much to be preferred over any that
were at their disposal. It was necessary that
the Daniel Easely tract be purchased and
added to the donation.
Governor Milledge requested as a favor that
he be allowed to purchase this tract of land
and to pay for it himself. This he did, and
the tract having been conveyed to the trus
tees became the site of the University of
Georgia; and upon the lots which were sold
from it from time to time, the city of Athens
now stands. These lots brought $30,000 into
the treasury of the University.
Not only are the buildings of the University
of Georgia a monument to Governor John Mil
ledge, but the city of Athens itself is a con
stant reminder of his civic virtues and patriot
ic munificence.
Among all of those pioneer patriots who
fought for independence and who labored ear
nestly, zealously, unselfishly, to lay the foun
dations of civilized society within the borders
of our state, I know of no one whose charac
ter was loftier and whose motives were no
bler than John Milledge.
In an ancient scrap-book which has been
kept in the Milledge family and which I have
been recently permitted to examine, I find
the following:
11 Extract from the Minutes of the Board
of Trustees of the University of Georgia in
Session at Milledgeville, November Sth, 1855:
4 ‘Resolved unanimously, That in considera
tion of the generous donation made by Gover
nor John Milledge, to the University of Geor
gia, the Trustees esteem it a privilege as well
as a high duty to tender his grandsons the
benefits of a collegiate education free of tui
tion and board—and that a copy of this res
olution be placed by the Secretary in the
hands of their father, Col. John Milledge.
“ASBURY HULL,
1 ‘ Secretary. ’ ’
Also an autograph letter from Governor
Charles J. Jenkins, as follows:
“Augusta, 20th August, 1873.
‘ ‘ Mrs. Milledge:
“I have the honor of forwarding to you by
express a parchment certificate of the estab
lishment in the University of Georgia of the
Milledge Scholarship, and I assure you the du
ty is a most pleasant one.
“Should it occur to you that this is a tardy,
acknowledgment of the great munificence of
Governor Milledge, allow me to suggest that
such acknowledgment as the Board of Trus
tees could then make, was made at the time
of the donation, and that it-is but recently
the dimensions of the institution have so ex
panded as to admit of the creation of schol
arships.
“Trusting that you may find it agreeable
to fill and to keep filled, the scholarship,
“I am, with grea trespect,
“Your obedient servant,
“C. J. JENKINS,
“President Board of Trustees, University of
Georgia.”
In turning the leaves of this old scrap book
I find many autograph letters written to Gov
ernor Milledge by such national characters as
George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, James
Monroe, William H. Crawford, James Jack
son, Albert Gallatin, George M. Troup; let
ters indicating unmistakably that the writers
held Governor Milledge in the highest esteem.
Among the curious relics which have been
preserved is a commission, issued March the
29th, 1742, by James Oglethorpe to John Mil
ledge, as commander of a troop of rangers;
also a receipt partaking of the nature of a
certificate testifying the the fact that Capt.
John Milledge and his family were entitled to
Pew 24 in Christ church, Savannah. The date
is Jan. 5, 1763. It is signed by the warden of
the church, Charles Watson, who was one of
my own ancestors. These two relics of the
past are to be found in the State Library at
Atlanta.
Os course, you will remember that the city
of Milledgeville was named in honor of Gov
ernor John Milledge. After resigning from
the United States senate in 1809, Governor
Milledge retired to his home on the Sand
Hills, near Augusta, where he died February
9, 1818. —Athens Banner.
There is such a tug of war between the
two platforms for “My Policies,” that they’re
liable to get ripped up the back in the strug
gle.—Louisville Herald.
*
POPULISTS! HELP!
Many of our friends do not wish to accept
commissions when they take sunscriptions for
the two Jeffersonians. You can either give
the commission to the subscriber or we will
send you some of Mr. Watson’s best books and
our best thanks. But we need your help. Send
us as many subscriptions as you can. Send
us names of parties who will solicit subscrip
tions for us. Send us names of all those
who are interested in the cause. We need
agents and correspondents and friends and
sympathizers all over the United States.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, THOMSON, GA.
Cash for Your Property.
If you want to buy, sell, or exchange prop
erty of any kind, anywhere, or if you want a
partner, additional capital, or a location, send
10c for 3 months’ trial subscription to The
World. Full of information for buyer and
seller. Address Farm and Real Estate World,
400. Cleveland Ave., Chicago, 111.