PAGE FOURTEEN
Special Campaign Offer
The Weekly Jeffersonian and the Missouri
World for one yearsl.lo
The Jeffersonian Magazine and the Missouri
World for one yearsl.3s
Both Jeffersonians and the Missouri World
for one years2.lo
The Missouri World, published weekly, is a
straight Populist paper and is still edited by
P. J. Dixon, who established it nearly twenty
years ago.
TAPESTRY
PAINTING.
200 Beautiful Tapestry Paintings by the Most
Eminent Artists in the World to Select
From.
We can show you effects produced with
Tapestry Paintings, properly selected and
placed, NEVER before shown.
SCHOOL.
We have the finest Tapestry, Painting School
on earth. It is open every business day in the
year under the supervision of Prof. Mature.
LESSONS.
We give SIX three-hour LESSONS for $5.
We RENT to patrons beautifully painted
Tapestries for STUDIES
TAPESTRY MATERIAL.
We manufacture and keep the largest and
best line of Tapestry material in the WORLD,
at PRICES most reasonable.
DRAWINGS.
We make DRAWINGS and enlarge them to
any size desired, either on Paper or Tapestry
Material ready for painting, from any subject
given us, guaranteeing absolute perfection.
CATALOG.
We have an illustrated catalog containing
over 500 Tapestry Painting subjects, gotten up
at a cost of thousands of dollars, and sold for
$1 a copy. We, however, have arranged to send
the readers of this Magazine (if name of mag
azine is sent), a catalog for the postage (ten
cents) or FREE on receipt of order for TWO
yards or more of Tapestry Material. We also
carry a full line of Paints, Brushes, Pallets,
Rest-sticks; Pantographs, and Photographic
STUDIES; any size; black and white, or hand
colored.
We extend to all artists visiting our city at
any time who are interested in this line of
work a CORDIAL invitation to make our Studio
their headquarters, where they may re :eive
their mail and do their corresponding.
MATURO-WHEELER CO.,
36 West 27th St., between 6th Ave. and Broad
way, New York City, N. Y.
Phone 2508 Madison Square.
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
offers courses in the following departments:
Literary, Music, Expression, Art, Business,
Bible. It offers as much of real merit as any
preparatory school in the state and at less
cost than most other schools demand. If inter
ested write for catalog to
CLAUDE GRAY, President,
LOCUST GROVE, GA.
Get your eye on the Athens Bus’-
ness College, Athens, Ga. Largest
school of Bookkeeping, Business
Training, Shorthand, and Typewriting
f Mlin the State. Positions secured. Fill
and mail for 168 page catalog.
N ame
Address
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Virginia Homes
Learn about Virginia, Soil,
Markets, Finest Climate in the
United States.
For particulars send io cents
for a six months’ subscription
to the
VIRGINIA FARMER
Department K K Emporia, Va.
wit tmiii mnr nmn hw — ■» n'—» ww
HEARST-DEPENDENCE LEAGUE.
“Treat men as pawns ami ninepins, and
you shall suffer as well as they. If you leave
out their heart, you shall lose your own.”—
Emerson.
Every delegate of greater or lesser degree
of prominence was directly or indirectly an
Hearst employe; few if any (except a few
populists) paid their own expenses. This is
true, also, in regard to a goodly portion of the
audiences; as the employes of the Hearst
(Chicago) interests had their families there —
upon interrogation they acknowledged it.
There was an average attendance of some fif
teen hundred souls.
Well meaning populists managed to get into
the delegations; others allowed themselves to
be led to believe that a radical platform would
be proclaimed—they were stung; because, with
a few exceptions, the platform is not unlike
the ordinary political document.
The money plank is a misleader; the clos
ing clause is a bid to the money power —
a central national bank (the present national
bank system will not be disturbed but
strengthened by a central bank).
The postal savings bank plank is fine, also
the one on labor —they sound well.
The railway government ownership plank is
the old gag repeated —they favor it as soon
as the people prove that they are able to man
age them “ultimately.”
Taken all in all it has a dash of radicalism
in a whole pot of conservative broth, designed
for the populist to swallow as well as the
conservative; in fact, something like “wood
tag,” a plank for everyone to stand on; so
don’t get fooled, fellow reformers, it is a
deep laid scheme; although the initiative, ref
erendum and recall will be the paramount is
sue, don’t for a minute forget that the lead
ers in the new party are tarred by monopo
ly’s stick. As well as we are thankful for
Roosevelt airing reforms, although making lit
tle or no headway, we appreciate the mention
of needed reforms in the platform promulgated
July 28, 1908, by Mr. Hearst and his friends,
with the implied admonition to go slow—as
if reforms do not come slowly enough.
Harriman can O. K. the whole platform, as
he has given approval, Jesuitically, to many
things having strings tied to them and these
strings have a sting. There are no strings
to the People’s Party Platform. I know
whereof I speak, as I attended the July 27 and
28 sessions in Orchestra Hall. —Ed. Ohio Lib
erty Bell.
r
A NEW PARTY WITHOUT A REASON
FOR EXISTENCE.
The plutocratic press is very kind to Mr.
Hearst and his “strictly private” Independ
ence party. It chooses to forget all the hard
and violent things it and its heroes —Root, for
example —said about Hearst when he was can
didate for Governor of New York and repre
sented a real cause and a genuine movement.
Some of the plutocratic papers are quite
frank, others are diplomatic, but it is plain
that the gentle handling of Hearst and his
party is prompted solely by the hope that an
election day Bryan will suffer far more than
Taft through the existence of this new factor.
We are inclined to think that the event will
disappoint them. We are also inclined to
think that the created-to-order party will cut
a sorry and insignificant figure on election day
and the day after.
On the issues of the day the Bryan plat
form is clear and strong —sufficiently so, at
any rate, to satisfy Democrats. For Social
ists there is the Debs ticket; for Populists
there is the Watson ticket. The Hearst party
undoubtedly means something to a small num
ber of sincere men, but they do not realize
that it was conceived in spite, pique, thirst
for “revenge” and the moral littleness of Mr.
Hearst and a few paid lieutenants. The bit
ter ami deep curses in which Hearst himself
indulged, against Bryan, betrayed a purely
personal and ignoble animus. The reference
to the Bryan following as “Falstaffin ” is as
silly as it is dishonest.
Never was a new “Jefferson-Lincoln” party
less needed than this year, and never was a
greater absurdity perpetrated in the name of
reform than when the Hearst party was called
into artificial existence. The only “use” its
creator has- for it, is to punish Bryan for al
leged ingratitude—in the Guffey sense —and
for true independence. Hearst once had a
fine opportunity; he threw it away, and since
then his decline has been rapid. His latest
performance should prove his undoing.—The
Public. *
The atrocious crimes committed in some of
the Georgia convict camps are running close
second to the horrors of the Siberian mines.
When we consider our civilization and our
educational advantages, the benighted Cos
sack is a white robed angel compared to
some of the brutish fiends who are given do
minion over the lives of our convicts. Just
think of a poor, helpless cripple being held
down, a log placed upon his head and another
upon his feet, and the lash applied until he
is mercifully deprived of consciousness. Sure
ly the great and good name of Georgia is not
always to be sullied by deeds that are blacker
than hell and meaner than the devil himself.
—Toombs County Local.