PAGE TWELVE
A TEA-POT ROW.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
Even if she did argue that Lee was a traitor,
that makes no difference. One might as well
contend that Conkling and Blaine and Ingalls
did not make better speeches in Congress than
were made by General Wade Hampton. Gen
eral M. C. Butler and General Joe Wheeler.
Conkling, Blaine and Ingalls were eternally
lambasting the South ; Hampton, Butler and
Wheeler were forever defending her; but if
you were roped in to award the prize for ora
tory, as between those assailants and defenders
of the South, you would have to give it Conk
ling, Blaine and Ingalls. Your heart would
incline to Hampton, Butler and Wheeler, but
your head would go the other way.
Heavens above! Are we never going to
quit being mean and childish about Secession
and the Civil War?
za few weeks ago, a Northern magazine re
fused to publish a Lincoln article, composed by
the Jeffersonian, because it analyzed Lincoln
and applied sane rules to his measurement.
The Northern editor wanted a slop-over eu
logy on Mr. Lincoln, and he came to the wrong
shop to get it. Since then, the rejected essay
has been more widely copied and commended
than any of the slush-gush outpourings which
have recently deluged the country.
Now, in writing on Lee the Yankee school
inarm wanted to be equally honest. She meant
to write what she thought,—not what some
body else thought. Even if she does consider
Lee a Traitor, that is no reason why she may
not compose an essay more brilliant, more pro
found, more meritorious from a literary stand-
Tolstoi Compares Africa and TLurope
This latest statement bv Count Tol
stoi, the great Russian Novelist and
reformer, was written for the Finnish
journal Progress, and was translated
by special arrangement for publication
in the Sunday World:
By Leo Tolstoi.
Ts only I had begun to preach love
and brotherhood when 1 first began
to write stories, 1 should have accom
plished more. It was Schopenhauer
and the Bible that converted me.
I am an individualist and as such
believe in free play for the psycholo
gical nature of man. For this reason
I am claimed bv the anarchists. Even
George Brandes declares that I am in
philosophical harmony with the ideas
of Prince Krapotkin.
The idea of communism and what it
implies refers to social conditions and
their improvement. It would be sense
less for me to demand that every one
should sleep as little as I do, eat the
same food, wear the same clothes or
have the same feelings which are pe
culiar to me. A man is not a watch.
Each is a world in himself. It is
therefore an illusion to believe in ma
terialistic economy as if it were a
religion. It is foolish therefore to
worship the idea of socialism. I wor
ship the soul of man, which is the only
reality.
After all it does seem as if the
world likes to be deceived. If we did
not have our illusions we could never
find the truth. Through error we come
to virtue, through ignorance to knowl
edge, through suffering to joy.
These opinions are naturally not
popular with the socialists, who there
fore oppose me with bitterness. They
love to spread broadcast the rumor
that I am, instead of a doer of the
word, a mere talker,
point, than those written by her mental infe
riors.
We think Daniel Webster was fatally wrong
in his famous reply to Hayne—as he himself
confessed some years later —but we
consider his speeches in that debate very much
better than those of Hayne.
Now, Miss Boysen may hold, with Webster,
that the Union is not a compact, and that the
States had no right to secede; in that case she
would-conclude that Lee was a traitor, for he
had been given a military education at the ex
pense of the nation, and was a sworn officer
in the Federal army.
Os course, we Southern people hold the Cal
houn-Stephens view,—that the states were in
dependent sovereigns who had united upon cer
tain terms, and that when these terms were
broken by some of the states, the others had a
right to resume their former position as sepa
rate states.
It is possible that Miss Boysen is not aware
of the fact that this Southern view was taught
at West Point while Lee was a cadet there.
In the case of such Confederate officers as
Lee, Stuart, lackson, McLaws, Longstreet, Al
bert Sidney Johnston, Joseph E. Johnston, Jo
seph H. Wheeler and others the Southern view
of the Union was not only imbibed from en
vironment but was taught them in their West
Point text-book.
We must remember that General Andrew
Jackson wrote to President Monroe that, were
he in command in the Eastern Department, he
would hang the three ring-leaders of the Hart
ford Convention. He considered them trai
tors. He is also credited with having threat-
In my preachments of love and
truth I am not partisan. I condemn
both revolutionists and reactionaries.
1 loath the yoke of party, for I be
lieve that all physical force is bru
tality.
My opposition to administrative
powers has often been interpreted in
to opposition to all government. This,
however, is not true. I oppose only
violence and the view th'at might
make* right.
The only government in which I be
lieve is that which exercises a moral
authority. Moses, Buddha, Christ,
these are the great law givers, the real
autocrats, who ruled not by force, but
by character, whose government was
one of love, justice and bro'leihood.
1 do not believe in a parliament as
the final goal of social leadership, for
instead of simplifying it only compli
cates human society. Parliament be
comes an instrument to cheat the peo
ple in that it deceives them into think
ing that it truly represents them. They
say, “Vox populi, vox Dei,” but that
is never the case; for the greatest ot
illusions is that which suppose* that
society can be improved by law
dust as I hate a hereditary poten
tate so do I hate a cheap Duma. A
government which relies on iron and
explosives, which executes a murdered
who is so because of insanity or of
poverty and which glorifies the butch
ery of innocent thousands is the great
est instrument for wrong, the worst
of oppressors.
Now, 1 will explain why I criticise
free America as severely as J do
Russia. It is because it also is tend
ing to the rule of force. The methods
may differ but the results are the
? me.
dje
It is true that America does not
exile one to Siberia or hang one on
the gallows for protesting against the
government. But nevertheless it has
its lynchings and, what is far worse,
its judicial murders. It has its great,
railroad casualties by which thou
ands are killed by the criminal care
lessness of the great corporations, and
besides all this it has the exploitation
of the poor by the rich.
All this proves that government can
not improve the moral nature of man,
and that brute force always defeats
its object. There can be no coercion
of the soul. Every law must have the
sanction of the free will.
Where America surpasses Europe is
To All Our Agents
lo the agent who sends ns the largest number of subscriptions
t > Watson s Weekly Jeffersonian. or Watson s Jeffersonian Magazine
net ween Feb. 18 and April 1, 1909, we will give
TEN DOLLARS IN CASH.
io (he agent who sends us the second largest number of sub
scriptions, as above, we will give
FIVE DOLLARS IN CASH.
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows:
Stiaight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian 10 points
\ early subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards 5 ”
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian .. 5
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 4
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian 214 ”
Ihree months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2 ”
Resutar agent's commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sen., in for this prize competition. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS. Thomson, Ga.
eTHE GREATEST BARGAIN EVER
We are going to send 5,000 of these embroidery outfits to the first s non ru»ann*
..king lor them mer.t, M cow ol h. M Un s . Sy Sauta t Line"
s Ik to complete: 1 Linen Collar and Cuff Set; 6 packages snecial
»7or
ened to hang John C. Calhoun, in case that
arch nullifier committed any overt act.
Senator Andrew Johnson, of Tennessee, told
Senator Wigfall, of Texas, oil the floor of the
Senate, in iB6O, that, if he had his way. Wig*
fall and Breckinridge and other Southern fire
eaters would be arrested and tried for
right then.
So you see, it is a small and spiteful thing to
fly into a passion about a matter of this sort.
In the eyes of British royalists, George Wash
ingtpn and all the gloriotis company of Revo
lutionary heroes were traitors. So were Wil
liam Wallace, Algernon Sydney and scores of
other martyrs to liberty.
We Southern people must exercise the liber
ality and broad mindedness which we find in
such Northern men as Charles Francis Adams,
Theodore Roosevelt and William H. Taft. We
must discourage intolerance and bigotry.
And let us not forget that a Southern Presi
dent —Andrew Johnson —wished to have Lee
and all his officers arrested for treason, and
that a Northern general —U. S. Grant —sternly
interposed to prevent it.
On the other hand, it should be remembered
that when Gen. Sherman sought for orders
from Mr. Lincoln to arrest Jefferson Davis and
the other fugitive Confederates, Mr. Lincoln
answered with a story which Gen. Sherman
understood to mean, “Don’t do it. Let them
get away." President Lincoln was a good
lawyer, and he knew that Mr. Davis cguld not
be convicted of treason or any other crime.
The inglorious break-down of the subsequent
prosecution of Mr. Davis is well known. The
Government did not dare try the case and it
was dropped.
in its personal liberty, which is the
heritage of a race of heroes. But this
is doomed to be extinguished by the
legislatures of a time-serving genera
tion.
The greatest indictment against any
country is the presence of capital pun
ishment —which exists in such a form
as if Christ had never been born. The
judge who sentences a criminal to
death is ten times more guilty himself.
Oh that ideas of humanity could end
this tyranny, this black hyprocrisy of
legal procedure under which so many
crimes are committed against hu
manity .'
Yet the root of all the evils of civ
ilization lies in the perverted teach-