manner in which that artful politician
could hang on to Hoke Smith’s adminis
tration when everybody knew what a do
cile corporation tool he had been. We
also clamored for an extra session, to car
ry out campaign pledges, and we put the
Governor and his friends on notice that
the experiment of “Get your Reforms in
side the Democratic Party,” WAS ON
TRIAL FOR ITS LIFE.
When James R. Qfcay came in out of
his trip to Europe and began to say that
an extra-session, we asked “Why fool
ish?” and did our level best to convince
the Governor that the extra-session
should be called to carry out our contract
with the people.
Every one who has read this paper
knows how it rapped Governor Smith for
going out to make speeches on “Educa
tion,” when he had promised to continue
his reform campaign and to denounce in
their own counties those members of the
Legislature who had gone back on the
people.
So far from its being true that the Go v
ernor’s action in rhe Glover case was the
cause of my criticisms of his administra
tion,. it may be, that my independence as
a critic of his official conduct may have
been the reason why I was turned down
on the only personal appeal which I
made to the Governor.
HH H •
Libingston, The Trickster.
Why is it that, in the Atlanta Congres
sional District, Mr. Livingston found it
necessary to set the election in the vari
ous counties composing his district, on
different days ? Why was it that the Pri
mary in the Atlanta district was not
called for the same day in the various
counties just as the custom has been
heretofore? Every county in the State
of Georgia votes in the Gubernatorial
Primary of June 4th. In the other Con
gressional districts of the State, the coun
ties composing the district will all vote
on the same day. Why is it that, in Liv
ingston’s district, separate counties vote
on separate days?
One of the reasons why this is done is
that Livingston knows he is beat, and he
wants to prevent a free and fair election;
he wants to have an opportunity to go
in person to the county site of each coun
ty on the day of the Primary, in order
that he and his henchmen can interfere,
by bribery or intimidation, with the free
expression of the will of the people.
Take, for instance, the election in
Campbell county, last week. Mr. James
L. Mayson, to all appearance, fairly car
ried the county. The returns sent in from
the county precincts showed that Mayson
was forty-odd votes in the lead. Living
ston was on hand at the county-site, Fair
burn. He was there to influence the elec
tion. He was there to resort to just such
methods as were necessary to prevent a
free and fair election. When the country
vote came in, he was seen to juggle with
his managers. Just what occurred we
are not able at this time to state. We are
reliably informed that money was lavish-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ly used. Livingston saw the day going
against him, and it is said that he spent
money almost openly, buying the votes
which gave him the pitiful majority of
thirteen.
If the people of the Atlanta district do
not revolt, in disgust and indignation,
against the shameless methods by which
Livingston is trying to hold on to an of
fice in which his career has been barren
of results to the people and only useful to
the predatory corporations, then, indeed,
the Fifth District is in a deplorable moral
condition.
The spectacle of Livingston absenting
himself from Congress and coming dowtr
into his district, attending each county
election in person and juggling with his
heelers at the county site, is one which
ought, of itself, to insure a rousing ma
jority for Mayson in every other county
which is yet to hold its election.
What other Congressman resorts to
undignified methods like these? What
other Congressman leaves his post of
duty, and goes from county to county, to
take personal charge of his local lieuten
ants at the county site on the day of elec
tion?
What other Congressman is afraid to
allow the people of his district to vote on
the same day in every county of the dis
trict? These questions answer them
selves. No other Congressman has ever
stooped so low; NO OTHER CON
GRESSMAN, EXCEPTING LIVING
STON, IS CAPABLE OF STOOPING
SO LOW.
R « R .
Bryan 9 s Tactical Mistake.
In a very strong and clear-sighted edi
torial which appears elsewhere in this is
sue, the Jacksonville Times-Union points
out that the nomination of Taft will
weaken Bryan, for the reason that both
Bryan and Taft are on record as endors
ing the Roosevelt policies.
The country will not be inclined to vote
against a practical administrator of ap
proved ability, like Taft, in favor of an
untried agitator like Bryan, when the
policies for which the two men stand are
practically the same.
It would not have been injurious to
Mr. Bryan had he said, “I endorse Mr.
Roosevelt as far as he goes, but he does
not go far enough. I favor measures
more radical than any which are identi
fied with him, and I oppose certain parts
of our present system which he has never
assailed.”
Then Mr. Bryan could have stated
what those reforms were. In this way
he would have become in principle an
opposition candidate. But since his Ne
braska platform puts him on virtually the
same ground as that held by “the Roose
velt policies” to which Taft is pledged,
how can Bryan claim that he will be, in
principle, an opposition candidate?
Construed in the light of the Presi
dent’s latest special message to Congress,
Mr. Taft’s endorsement of “the Roosevelt
policies” carries him just as far in the
championship of reform measures as the
Nebraska platform carries Bryan.
And Taft’s platform is not weighted
down by a demand for $500,000,000 of
bonds, to give work to the unemployed, as
the Nebraska platform is; consequently
the point made by the Times-Union is a
good one. Those who want opposition
in principle to the candidacy of Taft will
have to vote for some other candidate
than Bryan.
M *, H
Night 'Riding.
The Tobacco Trust put the price of
leaf tobacco down to five and six cents
per pound, and “stood pat.” The grow
ers w*ere threatened with ruin. To no ap
peal or remonstrance of theirs would the
Trust listen.
Self-preservation being the first law of
nature, the growers organized. It was a
case of life and death. The Trust must
be brought to reason, or tens of thou
sands of tobacco growers would be beg
gared.
Congress could have given these men
relief, but Congress is too busy making
and upholding the laws that produce the
Trusts. Those are best helped who help
themselves, and the brave men of Ken
tucky went to war. For home, for wife
and child, for the right to derive a fair
return from their legitimate industry, the
Kentucky growers declared war upon the
remorseless Tobacco Trust.
For nearly two years the fight raged.
Warehouses were destroyed, towns burnt,
many men killed. Some crimes were com
mitted which must be deplored. But
crime is always the incident of war; and
after all, the question is, whether those
who fight have a just cause.
These Kentuckians had it. They knew
that they were right, and they fought like
men who meant to win or die.
I glory in their spunk, and rejoice with
them in their victory. The newspapers
announce that the Trust has bought all
the tobacco in sight at 16 cents per
pound.
If so, here is a triumph that ought to
set the cotton growers to thinking. Let
the Farmers’ Union studv the methods of
the Night Riders of Kentucky. The
Trusts have forced the price of cotton too
low, and the price of other things too
high. There are other Trusts that can
be reached and brought to their knees, as
well as the Tobacco Trust.
Congress isn’t going to do anything for
the farmers. It is too busy ladling out
ship subsidies and other rascally favors
to the Privileged.
The lowering of the Tariff duties on
cotton goods, and upon steel and iron
manufactures would at once cause an im
mense advance in the price of raw cotton,
but Congress is not going to give you this
relief.
Whv wait forever on your promise
making politicians? Why not help your
selves, as the Kentuckians did?
PAGE NINE