PAGE SIXTEEN
i' n I m
a 111 1 ( IJ In|
■ DOirat/ KNOW IT? Was IlZingßotSkinaiMlßMesl
Do you know what Vitae-Ore looks like, what It tastes like, what it 1 § 9 AR ’ i a^e ¥ s - a two
~||rt does? Do you know ttijit you can get a full-sized Si.oo package of I ■■ ® &j 3 Kw e i years ago and had some kind of a wheeze at the pit of my
MH Vlt»e-Oj'e to try for thirty days, to see what it is, to see what it does, Vitae-Ore is a mineral remedy a stomach. I tnought perhaps I was going to have Gon- tags
a&y without paying a penny. Do you know that hundreds of the readers combination of substances from sumption; I never was so sick before in my life. I tried Iwi
EBfl of this paper have tried it and are using lit? Do you know that many which manv wniUd’a noted rnrafiv. everything and finally was examined by BB
of your own neighbors have tested it and “swear by its” Do you know SDrln£r< ; de-lve medicinal nowpf and the best Doctors. Some told me I had I
■ that Vit» ; Ore has been curing sick and ailing men and women Os all ana Stomach Trouble, then Asthma; I ■
kinds cl diseases tor over twenty-five years and is doing it everyday Dealing vn me. J. nt-oe properties 01 thought mv time wa.fi short F.vprVßnrimr
ES of the week? If you don’t knoxv all this, we want you to know it. That the springs come from the natural jf and sall I would have these Mv
fig is why we pay a lot of money to print this big advertisement in this deposits of mineral in the earth < |B
paper, so YOU WILL KNOW IT, so you win get to know Vitie-Ore through which water forcesits way, ySL V t k1 00, y; t rcllffera ° fc BB
BB itself, so you will profit by its use, as have thousands. only a very small proportion of the / medicines. x lernas rnougn 1 was noth- gm
medicinal substances in these min- Cl C °V ld n ? t H
B Trw H At Heir RielrV jP I
B I iy I! AT Otlr KIShS I
among the chief curative agents in Grippe and Bronchitis, and all Unal
We want you to get a full-sized One Dollar package, on thirty-days’ nearlvevervhealino-mirpr il -?nrino- thought I was going to die. I saw the IBS
■ trial. All you need to <lo is towrite us a few words-three short words Jnd a?e SSv fo?thl JrlSt Vit®-Ore advertisement and my husband wrote for it H
Win do. aust say “I WANT IT” and the foil-sized package of vitae- and rete?S of health One When it came I stopped all my doctor medicine. The H
Ore will be sent to you, enough to last you lor one month’s time, with a , reLe *2YilH ■ nealL n. . ' Jne second dose of Vitas-Ore made me so hnnrrv T had tn out MBS
everything prepaid, and yon need not pay one single penny if it does not package oftniS mineral substance, between meals Mv appetite continued to "et B
BB benefit you-not one cent. If you do not care to w rite a letter, Just fill mixed with water, equals in medi- .setter and I W
SB out and send as the coupon printed near the bottom of this page. Ail CinalStrength and curative, healing nio I
we want to know is that you will try Vitre-Ore, that you win give it a | value, many gallons of the world’s ' . * pounds, since taking it I gained 25 BB
test as many of your friends and neighbors have done, and we will be 9 powerful mineral waters, drunk pounds, kverypody is surprised to see me so stout and MB
glad to send it to you. Don’t send ue any money, for we want no money I fresh at the springs strong ana 1 am better than 1 have been in the last two I
until you have tried it, until you are satisfied with the good work it | K ° years. 1 work m the garden, milk my cow and do other S|n3
MH dees for the sick. Head our thlrty-day trial offer, read what Vitse-Ore | chores. MRS. A. H. WELCH.
»q, real what it has done for others and soad for it today. Don’t delay a 8 m 3 ©fl ElaßwlilttS H . M ,«n n m anus mu rmn ... sEsaS
BB moment, for you may lose this advertisement or forget cur address. Do ata ft ■■ » SSE S uas —.
| it now! Send today and tfve Viiae-Ore a charge to cure you. § 81161 gs BQ
_ o _ _ E . Menominee, Mich.-About six years ago I had an attack
BB CS « aK @ g of Rheumatism in my shoulder, which caused me consider-
Bl I r lIJI¥ “ KSEEE 3 able pain in my neck, and my arms were badly swollen even
g g es L Jr | to the ends of my fingers. The pain passed to my other 881
Ej&fSA.ELt. I 28 g shoulder, and I suffered so terribly I W
a n xwta n | could hardly turn over in bed and could
B dl S 3 | S / » not put on my clothes without great
* . . ir, o .n■.. .. | 1 SB 0 1 h P difficulty. The Vitae-Ore advertisement s||
Passed Large Sfones, Had Palpitation OtJL Ogg W g 1 yUOfiE i
o« the Heart nd Was Always Tired. y Are Sick “ ««■ \ B
Eddy, TEX.-Vitie-Ore has proven to be a won- sized s s . O o package of sure I used another package. Vitse-Ore US
I derful medicine for me. I was terribly bothered with Vitm-Ore, enough for 30 days’continuous treatment, by mail, 'cured me, even though I was SO years old S&l
■I my Kidneys and had tried different kinds of medi- postpaid, and we want to send it to you on 30 days’ trial. We I recommend Vitse-Ore with pleasure and taSa
■ cine until I had decided that none of them would do don’t want a penny—we just want you to try it, just want a think it is the greatest preventive of sick-
■me any good. There is no telling how many stones word from you asking for it, and will be glad to send it to ness and disease. It would be a ereat
I passed; the last one was mighty you. We take absolutely all the risk—we take ail chances. 1 blessing if everybody would give it atrial BB
large and Oh! so painful. No one You don’t risk a penny! All we ask Is that you use V.-O. for I I know it has helped me wonderfully; gave me an appetite
can realize what I suffered but aodaysandpay us SI.OO if it has helped you, if you are satis- I vigor and strength. lam now 84 years old. feel well and S
n those who have had this kind of fied tnat it i:as done you more than SI.OO worth of positive, I enjoy working every day. People savitis wonderful at mv HB
I WC&I Kidney trouble. I also had Palpi- actual, visible good. Otherwise you pay nothing, we ask I age and I give >tbe> credit!to VitJe-Ore. 0 F BueiS Y M
" a tatlon of the Heart and could not nothing, v/e want nothing. Can you not spare 100 minutes " *
sleep on my left side at all. It during the next 30 days to try it? Can you not give 5 minutes -■l»■ ■ll n , --Mel
seemed like my heart would jump to write for it, 5 minutes to properly prepare it upon its nrl rm m Fw
out through my side. I was always arrival, and 3 minutes each day for 30 days to use it. That
tired and could not do anything I is all it takes. Cannot you give 100 minutes time if it means fi g upaa h
wanted to do. new health, new strength, new blood, new force, new'energv, k I
I saw tlie Vitse-Ore ad, like a vigor, life and happiness? You are to be the Judge. We are W’ a Eli Vs« 'W 1 5
I drowning man catches at a straw, satisfied with your decision, are perfectly willing to trust to ts
M an d when I read “We leave it to your honor, to your judgment, as to whether or not V.-O. has ** row sj® nsoz turisn r© Jt>rite a Lettor»
O > 'TV R ll’ j you to judge,” I thought it was benefited you. Read what Vitae-Ore is, and write today for a THFA F.O Vilae.nra RW
J good enough tor me, and wrote for '"EU. HUEI. UU.j Vl.a«-Urß Esfcg., UHkbAbU.
a package. I had used it but a short time when I S S Gentlemen*—l have read your advertisement In
MH could tell a difference and when the month was up I S THE
B sent for more. The second week after I commenced ■« 1 " M»Mi*M W « ? waaHsW'as-s a Mi» g »*««? Big!
it I got back to doing some of my work and honestly gb n m m rstcfei sbi sb 9 fit CSE A »s i aii « want yon to send me a full-sized One Dollar
believe that I walked twenty-five miles a day for a M E B ’a Mils if 0 11 i package of /uae-Ore for me to try. I agree to pay
I week, felt all right and slept well at night. Now I jgUs "■ 31 • I qb E “ 14 benefits me, but will not pay a penny if
I cannot praise Vitaj-Ore too much, for it has been a gtfa R R|
I God-send to me. I feel almost like a new man, better ”pS EUreWRH Si B KESBBKKH4 e“SlOs It s my address, to which the trial treatment is to IHg
than for four years past. I eat well, do my work B ££ S 3 H 9 016 31113 BVEIa |be sent by mail, postpaid*
and sleep on my leftside. W. T. Gurry. It jg worth writing for. It is worth getting out pen, ink, | |
BHihi - paper and envelope, and writing a short letter or just the § &
fMiDcrn nc coupon. That is all it takes. Just a word asking for it, just g g
vuxcu vr 1 your promise to use it. What excuse have you to keep on B |
Brimson, Ga I was sick with Indigestion for suffering? How can you continue to look your family in the S I
QB five years, not able to do anything but sit and wish face and say: “I feel so sick today” or “My back aches” or | 6 ra
BB f° r death’s relief. I had three of the best doctors, “That Rheumatic leg is getting worse" or “My stomach is s
but all shook their heads and said I had it so bad that bothering me again,’* when here, right at your elbow, right S ctatf
;¥'■ I Heart Trouble had taken hold. I tried Vitae-Ore and within your reach, ready and waiting for you to turn g ——
Bi in five days I could eat anything and have been in and get It, is the remedy that has set thousands right, I
BB good health ever since. One package cured me two yours for the mere asking. | Z. r
BB years ago and I have not spent one cent on doctors r--ra-rL kh>vb B *i?oute
Islnce. Mne. Thu-Cowart. WRITE FOR f« TODAY! 6- - |S
11111 11l 1 1H899888988M8M8 |M
—WED" ITT-TI —m—irmrir ... - .
' " ■iHirmii d'li Mi u'.n iiMiunJiiwauAii.is?nnrir-irr-uni im _Lia.ji ttuijhihiimmwi i
IF YOU SUFFER FKfGKfI Kheumatism, or any Kidney, Bladder or Liver Disease, Dropsy, a Stomach Disorder, W
" JP... fem » le Ailments, Functional Heart Trouble, Catarrh of Any Part, Nervous Prostration! 13
A "*® mia k &or ® s i^ nd lJ,cers » Constipation or Other Bowel Trouble, Impure Blood, or are fust Worn-Out, send for a 30-day trial treatment ®
B of Vitae-Ore right away and see what this remedy will do for you. ADDRESS US AS BELOW. ir«««ucni
bTHEOs NOELCOiy vitee^oKr&Vdg. ILL.I
Teffersonian