SOME PAGES TEOM Ml SCKAP ‘BOOK
HOW A COLLEGE BOY HELD BACK A
BRITISH ARMY.
When the war of 1812 began, sanguine peo
ple believed that the Canadian provinces would
be glad to be liberated from British rule, and
with the approach of a victorious army of in
vasion would seize the opportunity of freeing
themselves. But it was the other way. In
stead of submitting to invasion, Canada be
came the invader. The Indian tribes, defeated
at Tippecanoe, saw their opportunity for re
venge, and under the lead of Tecumseh, gath
ered to the British standard. The armv under
General Hull, which was to invade upper Can
ada, was driven back almost at the outset,
and instead of the tidings of victory which
the nation had expected, there arrived the
dreadful news that Hull and his whole army
had surrendered at Detroit. Attempts to
regain the lost ground resulted in a series of
disasters filled with the horrors of Indian mas
sacre.
How Croghan Got the Chance.
It was then that George Croghan, 17 years
old at the time, got his chance. He had hur
ried home two years before from William and
Mary College in Virginia, where he was tak
ing a post-graduate course in law, to take part
in the defense of his western home against the
Indians. Croghan was the son of Major Wil
liam Croghan, of the revolutionary army, and
his mother was a sister of General George
Rogers Clarke, one of the famous founders of
civilization in the northwest.
Young Croghan had been appointed volun
teer aide to Colonel John F. Boyd in the bat
tle of Tippecanoe on November 7, 1811, and
in 1812, when war with England began, he was
appointed captain of infantry.
It was merely as a precaution re
mote possibilities that, in the summer of 1812,
Fort Stephenson had been built on the lower
Sandusky river. A frontier fort in those days
was a simple affair, consisting mainly of a
stockade and a block house. A block house
was constructed on the northwest corner and
another in the middle of the north side of the
fort. The space inclosed by the stockade was
about one hundred yards in one direction and
about fifty in the other. And this shanty of a
fort was soon to become a rock of defense,
which rolled back a wave of invasion that was
filling the western country with alarm.
Ini the summer of 1813 the northwest was
lost to the Americans, and a British force
under Major General Proctor was advancing
upon Ohio, coasting the lake shore in boats,
while the Indian allies under Tecumseh made
their way by land. General Harrison, the
victor of Tippecanoe, was in command of the
American army. All his supplies were at Up
per Sandusky, and he had a force of about
800 regulars and militia with which to main
tain his position against 500 British regulars
and militia accompanied by Tecumseh and his
Indians, making the British force several
thousand strong. It was reported that Tecum
seh with 2,000 Indians was moving straight
upon Harrison’s base of supplies by the di-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
rect road from the west. To check this flank
movement upon his communications, Harrison
established himself at Seneca, 10 miles in the
rear of Fort Stephenson. Against the advance
of the British up the Sandusky river the only
obstacle was Fort Stephenson.
The stockade dignified by that title was gar
risoned by 160 soldiers. Young Croghan was
the officer in command. He had become major
of the Seventeenth regiment, United States
infantry. He had strengthened the fort as
much as possible by building two additional
block houses and by constructing a ditch about
8 feet deep and wide. One iron 6-pounder
cannon was all that he had in the way of ar
tillery. General Harrison did not consider
the place tenable against regular siege, and
in orders left with Major Croghan he said:
4 4 Should the British troops approach you in
force with cannon and you discover them in
time to effect a retreat, you will do so imme
diately, destroying all the public stores. You
must be aware to attempt to retreat in thd
face of an Indian force would be vain. Against
such an enemy your garrison would be safe,
however great the number.”
But Croghan had no notion of retreating.
He was eager to fight and full of confidence
in his ability to hold the fort. It was, there
fore, a great blow to him when, on July 29,
1813, General Harrison, having learned that
the approaching enemy had cannon, sent posi
tive orders to abandon the fort. By the time
the dispatch bearers arrived Indians were
prowling in the woods around the fort. Crog
han regarded retreat as impossible, and
thought it likely that his reply would be inter
cepted, so he gave it a tone of defiance. He
wrote:
“I have just received yours of yesterday,
10 o'clock p. m., ordering’ me to destroy this
place and make good my retreat, which was
received too late to be carried into execution.
We have determined to maintain this place,
and, by heavens, we can.”
But the message got through and General
Harrison would not brook what looked like
insubordination. He immediately ordered
Colonel Wells, of Croghan’s own regiment, to
supersede Croghan in command. Colonel
Wells had an escort of dragoons and on the
road the party had a brush with the Indians,
killing seventeen of them. Major Croghan
promptly reported to headquarters at Seneca
and made such satisfactory explanations that
he was restored to command with discretionary
authority to hold the fort or abandon it, as
he saw fit.
A Gritty Little Band.
Saturday, August 1, 1813, the British landed
at the mouth of the river and began an at
tack the afternoon of the same day. Tecum
seh, with about 2,000 Indians, occupied the
woods in the rear to cut off retreat and inter
cept reinforcements. General Porter sent a
flag of truce to the fort, demanding immediate
surrender. Major Croghan sent Second Lieu
tenant Shepp to meet the party. The British
officers, after receiving a formal refusal to
surrender, pleaded with him not to persist in
a hopeless defense.
‘ 4 Look at our immense body of Indians,”
said Captain Dixon, of the Royal Engineers,
who commanded the Indian allies of the Brit
ish. 44 It is a great pity that such fine young
men as you and your commander are repre
sented to be, should fall into the hands of the
savages. Sir, for God’s sake, surrender and
prevent the dreadful massacre that will be
caused by your resistance.”
Lieutenant Shepp coolly replied: “When
the fort shall be taken, there will be none left
to massacre.”
As Lieutenant Shepp turned back to the
fort an Indian attempted to snatch his sword.
Captain Dixon at once interfered. Major
Croghan, who was standing on the ramparts,
saw the occurrence and it heated his blood.
Croghan’s Plain Speech.
Professor James D. Butler, of Madison,
Wis., had it from his grandfather, Israel Har
ris, who was with Ethan Allen, that what that
doughty fighter did say was not “in the name
of the great Jehovah and the continental con
gress” when summoning the British com
mander to surrender, as his story has it, but
44 Come out of here, you d —d old rat.” Both
history and tradition agree in Croghan’s case
that his language when he saw the indignity
offered to his lieutenant was couched in the
plain, impulsive terms of common speech,
and not in the dignified eloquence preferred
by history. He shouted: 44 Shepp, come in,
and we will blow them all to hell.’’ And he
soon showed that he meant it.
The attack began at once, the British open
ing fire from their gunboats and from a five
and-a-half-inch howitzer, which they had land
ed. In order to create the impression that
the garrison had several heavy guns, the sol
itary cannon was shifted from one block
house to another and fired at intervals. When
it became dark the garrison ceased replying
to the British cannonade and Major Croghan
ordered his six-pounder to be trained so that
it would rake the ditch in the direction of the
northwest angle, the most assailable part of
the stockade. The gun was masked and loaded
with a double charge of slugs and grape shot.
During the night the British dragged three
six-pounders to ground higher than the fort,
about 250 yards away, and as the dawn of
Sunday lighted the scene they began a fu
rious cannonade. All day they hammered at
the defense, while the garrison made little re
ply, reserving their powder for the assault
which they knew was coming. The British
concentrated their fire on the northwest an
gle and Croghan was kept busy strengthening
his -position there. Bags of sand, and even
sacks of flour from the garrison’s stores of
provisions, were piled against the pickets. At
5 o’clock in the afternoon came the crisis of
the attack for which Croghan had been wait
ing and planning. A storm was gathering in
the western sky and the rolling of the thunder
mingled with the booming of the cannon as
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
PAGE THREE