PAGE EIGHT
dje Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.„January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., MAY 6, 1909.
REMITTANCES must be made in money
orders or exchange. Local checks cannot be
accepted, unless ten cents is added for ex
change.
Parson Scobille Again Floors the
Old Flan.
In the Jeffersonian of April ist, we made a
few feeble remarks in response to Parson V.
P. Scoville, who had mangled the old man
to a painful extent,, concerning foreign mis
sions. In the Whigham Journal, of April
23rd, the Parson almost monopolizes the avail
able space of the obliging editor of that pa
per with a come-back, solar-plexus, desolat
ing and terribly complete and savage assault
on the old man.
Our readers may remember [that Parson
Scoville had denounced as “absurdly
ridiculous and absolutely false” our
statement that foreign missionaries
furnished the heathen with the neces
saries of life, as a part of the mission
work.
That was a grave charge to bring
against the old man. But Parson Sco
ville made it over his own signature,
and had it published in a respectable
paper.
In support of our centention, we
produced extracts from two good au
thorities. One of these books was writ
ten by a Methodist minister who had
been 35 years in China; the other was
by a Baptist preacher who had been 50
years in China.
By the Methodist witness, we proved
that “famine relief" was one of their
“golden keys” to effect an entrance into
pagan homes. In other words, when a
drouth brings a dearth, the foreign missionary
feeds the hungry.
By the Baptist witness, we proved that in
order to induce pagan parents to send their
children to the missionary schools, the mis
sions had to “furnish the children with food,
clothing and MUCH ELSE.” Part of this
“much else” was a small sum in cash paid to
the child for each day’s attendance on the
school.
When Mr. Watson introduces this evidence,
what does Parson Scoville do?
Not a single word does he say about our
Baptist witness, who testifies to the feeding,
clothing AND BRIBING of heathen pupils
to attend mission schools.
Don’t you think that Parson Scoville owed
it to the cause of truth to impeach Crawford,
or to disprove the facts to which he testified,
or to acknowledge, manfully and Christianly,
that he had been too hasty in denouncing
Watson’s assertions as “absolutely false”?
But what does Bro. Scoville do with our
Methodist witness? How does he get around
the evidence of Rev. A. H. Smith?
By alluding to the fact that Christ fed the
famishing, and by saying “it would be a
hardhearted infidel who would stand by and
see a little child starve to death.”
Mercy on us!
How this angry Parson Scoville does
flounder! We know that he’s as mad as a
hornet, because he has to resort to person
alities and abuse. He can not argue the ques
tion without reviling Mr. Watson, whom he
calls by the blasting epithets of “a disgruntled
and decadent politician.”
That’s awful, isn’t it?
The Parson reminds us that Jesus fed the
hungry. Thank you, Bro. Scoville, thank
you very much. When Christ fed the famish
ing, he fed those nearest to him. He fed his
own people. Not a single one of those loaves
and fishes did he export to China, Hindustan,
Korea or Japan. Even when the scraps were
gathered up, the provisions were kept at
home.
Thank you, Parson. Upon the whole, we
think you are about the funniest man, —with-
out being aware of it, —that we ever had a
tilt with.
The gist of all our reasoning has been, that
we have no moral right to do more than pro
claim the Gospel of Christ to the heathen, un
til we have first fed our own poor, clothed
our own naked, housed our own homeless,
educated and Christianized our own ignorant
and irreligious population.
And we defy any parson on the face of the
earth to find any Scripture which proves that
the Jeffersonian is wrong.
If it be a crime, deserving of abuse and per
secution, to stand up for the poor, the igno
rant and vice-surrounded people of our own
country, in preference to distant Koreans, and
Japs, and Chinese and Hindus, we will have
5 .I - < k
' -■ w-
Ik
* > u. : ' *■' mm Hißr
OBw w • I f
S SISPgwSMP* y.
*-.!&'■ -.»' •".■■/Cr- :
o
A MOUNTAIN HOME NEAR TALLULAH, GA.
to take the penalty. Our motto is, “FIRST
our own flesh and blood, our own boys and
girls, our own hungry and sick and naked!
AFTER THESE ARE RELIEVED, then
give any surplus to foreign blacks and browns
and yellows.
“Go ye and proclaim my Gospel!" does not
mean dispensaries, secular education, star
boarder pupils, and hireling “converts.”
* ❖ *
But does it not occur to you, dear reader,
as a curious thing that Parson Scoville should
publish Watson as a liar, for saying that a
part of the work of foreig'n missions was to
furnish necessaries of life to the heathen, and
then turn right around, and claim that we
ought to feed the hungry foreigner, ought to
clothe the naked foreigner, and ought to give
medicines and medical tratement to the sick
foreigner ?
Scoville argues that because Christ, by the
Miracle of the Loaves and Fishes, fed the
hungry multitude which had flocked to Him,
we must, without miraculous help, send food
to China and India. Scoville furthermore ar
gues that because of the parable of the sheep
and the goats, to which he especially alludes,
it is made our duty to relieve the enormously
wealthy upper-classes of China and India of
‘Blje Jeffersonian
the moral responsibility for starvation in their
midst, and to take that distant burden upon
ourselves.
First, he denied, as “absolutely false,” Wat
son’s statement that foreign missionaries did
these things, and then, when Watson proves
it by two Chinese missionaries, the befud
dled Parson Scoville flops to the other side,
admits that they are doing just what Watson
alleged, AND JUSTIFIES THE PRACTICE
ON THE GROUND THAT CHRIST FED
THE HUNGRY MULTITUDE OF HIS
HOME PEOPLE!
This parson ought to join a boys’ “Debating
Society.” They would make it hot for him,
the first few weeks, but perhaps he could
learn, after awhile, how to avoid tangling
himself all up in this comical fashion.
* * *
The good Parson informs us that “most of
the schools and hospitals founded by the mis
sionaries in foreign lands are self-supporting,
or nearly so.”
Good Lord! What a whopper! ! !
In the book, “Mission Economics,” we find
a table showing the total cost of the schools
and native workers maintained by the Bap
tist Missionary Union, of America, from 1875
to 1884 inclusive, and also the amount of
money contributed by the natives. This table
(page 27), proves that the schools conducted
by these foreign missionaries in Japan, China,
Burma. Assam, etc., cost the American Union
$632,333.69, and that the total contributions
of the natives amounted to the meagre sum
of thirty-four thousand dollars.
“Self-supporting, or nearly so! ” Heavens
above! ! !
Our space in the weekly Jeffersonian
is too limited to admit of further evi
dence on this point, but in the June
number of the Jeffersonian Magazine
there will be a special article dealing at
length with the whole subject of foreign
missions. The Jeffersonian is in dead
earnest about this matter and intends
to do all in its power for the destitute
men and women, boys and girls of our
own country, who are being shamefully
neglected in their squalid surroundings,
while our misdirected charity is drain
ing the land of millions every year to
feed, clothe, educate AND SUBSIDIZE
heathen black, brown and yellow people.
Parson Scoville pounces, with a glee
somewhat ghoulish, upon our state
ment concerning “the centuries” of
mission work in India. The parson
laughs a loud; hard laugh, and says
that Protestant mission work began there in
1793. Referring to the reckless and wicked
Watson, the Parson says, “This is another
illustration of the way he would mislead his
readers.”
Well, let us keep cool, and search for the
facts. Here is an official publication of “The
American Board of Missions.” Is that good
evidence, Parson?
Turning to page 25,* we find the statement
that missionary work was begun in India six
centuries ago, by the Catholics, and two hun
dred years ago by the Protestants.
How about it, Parson?
Treed again, ain’t you?
Now for the results, which the Parson says
are highly encouraging. This official publi
cation reports that the principal faiths, by the
last census, including Burma, numbered their
adherents as follows:
“Hindu, 207,147,026; Sikh, 2,195,339; Jain,
1 ,334J48; Buddhist, 9,476,759; Parsee, 94,-
190; Mohammedan, 62,458,077; Jewish, 18,-
228; Christians, including Catholics, LESS
THAN THREE MILLIONS.”
Here are nearly three hundred millions of
heathen,’ on whom Christian missionaries
have been spending time and money for six
hundred years, and yet the Christian converts