PAGE SIX
TARMEXS’ UNION DEPARTMENT
“THE ROTTEN FOUNDATION.”
Montgomery City, Mo., Dec. 16, 1907.
On the 13th of December, 1907, President
Roosevelt said to Cowboy James Dahlman,
“Tell the boys out in Omaha that if I was
responsible for the money stringency which
showed up the rotten foundation on which the
finances of the country were built, I am glad
of it.”
Brave words from a brave man; but is it
a recent discovery? Was it not known nearly
forty years ago? Known to every thinking
man capable of conducting a peanut stand?
Why did the President not tell this to Con
gress and suggest the simplest remedy in the
world?
Revoke the present laws and take the treas
ury out of the hands of the Wall street gam
blers.
That Rotten Foundation was laid nearly
forty years ago and it has been all these
long years the cause of making a thousand
millionaires out of a thousand dishonest men
who all that time have had their hands up to
the shoulder in the treasury of the people.
The rottenness of that foundation all these
years has consisted of rotten laws authorit
ing the secretary, or making it possible for
him to turn the nation’s money, paper money,
bonds, and gold, over to the private corpora
tions, free and without any consideration, so
that the millions of the people could not ob
tain a circulation except by paying such a
heavy toll to the bankers as they chose to
exact.
Those favored ones have held the commerc,
of the nation and the government by the
throat all these dreary years, and have al
ways dictated to a willing secretary that they
should be the custodians of all their own
money and all the money of the treasury not
absolutely needed for current expenses.
Thus they were enabld to draw smi-an
nual interest on the bonds in gold. Interest
on the ninety per cent of currency given to
them, interest on the hundreds of millions of
currency turned over to them as depositories,
and interest on all the available gold dished
out to them; and the gold will never be re
turned, it will only be juggled on the books
of the treasury.
To give the use of all those dollars for all
these years, is to give the dollars, and multi
plied many times, and the toiling masses plow
on in silence.
JOHN M. BARKER.
I
MIXING IN BRAINS.
A great painter was once asked why suc
cess came so easily to him. He replied: “I
mix brains with my colors.” Life has be
come a mighty struggle and he who does not
mix a few brains in his business can never
hope to succeed. The young man or woman
without brains has no hope of winning in the
battle of life, even if they expect to “do
nothing but farm.” By brains we mean:
First, knowing how to do what you are try-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ing to do. In other words, efficiency. If you
do not know how to make a trial balance and
the scavenger on the street does, he will pass
you and become the head bookkeeper while you
will remain unpromoted.
Second, knowing how to do things a little
better than any one else. In other words, ex
cellency. If you can make a better pair of
shoes or a better plow than the man above
you, he will have to give place to you. , The
expression, “the survival of the fittest,” is
but a human way of describing a divine law.
Third, knowing how to have things done a
little better than any one else can have them
done. In other words, executive ability. The
great something that we call business is no
longer a child which can be managed by one
man. It has become a giant and requires the
attention of many men. But many men can
not work together unless they have an ex
ecutive. The man who is able to keep a hun
dred, a thous'and or ten thousand, men busy
is the man who will climb. The man who does
not have executive ability must be content to
remain a part of the hundred, the thousand,
or the ten thousand, no matter how efficient or
excellent he may be.
Brains, that is what the world needs and it
is what the world is willing to pay so
there ’is a greater demand for brains today
than ever before. The young man can not
excuse himself with the statement that he in
tends to farm and that the farmer does not
need brains. Brains are needed as much on
the farm as in the store or the general offices
of the great railway system. The young man
who would succeed on the farm of tomorrow
must be efficient, excellent and possess execu
tive ability. He must know how to mix his
brains with his breeding stock to make the
very best hog, sheep, cow or horse. He must
know what his soil contains and what the
different crops need to make a profitable
growth. Then he must know how to supply
the deficiency in the soil to meet the needs of
the crop. If he would carry on farming on
an extensive scale, he must have executive
ability. Develop brains today, you will need
them to mix with your business tomorrow. —
Farmers’ Advocate.
TO THE POPULISTS OF THE UNITED
STATES.
Abilene, Texas, January 1, 1908.
My Dear Comrades:
Acting under the authority, and by direc
tion of the People’s Party National Com
mittee, I have been engaged since the
St. Louis Conference of 1906, and am
still engaged, in the work of looking up, get
ting in touch with, and interesting some tried
and true middle-of-the-road Populists in each
of the counties of the United States. There
are about 2,900 such counties, and my idea
was, and still is, to appoint a County Club
Organization Committee of 5 to 10, or more,
members in and for each county, each commit
tee to be charged with the duty of securing
an Old Guard Populist Club in and for each
voting precinct in its own county. I esti
mate that, on an average, there are. quite
25 sqch precincts to the county, which means
that there are quite 72,000 voting precincts
in all of the counties, and the purpose is to
secure, with as little delay as possible, a club
or committee of 5 or more earnest, working
Populists in each one of them. To those of
you who have sent to me up to this time, re
mittances to help pay the expenses of our
national club work, I wish to say, that I have
used every dollar, and much more in the work,
and I have succeeded in securing names and
addresses of some of our friends, in each of
upwards of 2,300 counties, leaving about 600
only yet to be reached in the work. I need
expense money to enable me to go’ahead with
such work, and I ask those of you who are
able and willing to do so, to do as follows:
First. Send to me without delay, as much
money as you can, that I may proceed with
out delay with such work. Our national con
vention to nominate our candidates for Pres
ident and Vice President, and to adopt the
platform on which they will stand in the na
tional campaign of this year, will convene in
St. Louis, April 2 next, and if we will, we
can secure 72,000 clubs in time for them to
be represented at that meeting. I need not
explain to you what will be the certain effect
if the report shall be made to the convention
that in practically every voting precinct in
every county in the United States, a Populist
club has been organized, or a precinct com
mittee secured to serve as a rallying point for
all true reformers in the campaign of 1908.
Second. Send to me the names and address
es of as many as you can, of the tried and
true Populists of your own county. It may
be that you will be the only Populist of your
county who will see this letter, therefore, such
names will not be sent to me at all, in all
probability, if you shall fail to send them.
I have today closed my business office for
the months of January, February and March,
that I may devote every day during these
three months to our national club work, which
is as much yours as it is mine. As I am only
asking you to do in one county, and that your
home county, what I am trying to do or am
trying to have done in about 2,900 counties,
I am sure you will not consider unreasonable
my requests to you as above.
Let us all get busy, comrades, and let each
one of us resolve to do his full share of nec
essary reform work this year, and we will ac
complish more for Populism than has ever
been accomplished in any two years by any
political organization.
Thanking you in advance for your letters
and remittances, I am fraternally yours,
H. L. BENTLEY,
Pres. National Federation P. P. Clubs.
Decatur, Mich., Dec. 23, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find my renewals for
the Jeffersonian Magazine and Weekly (two
dollars). Yours truly,
ISAAC 8. ROSEVELT.