A Mission School Incident—Making
Capital of Poverty
Many good people in the Northern
Presbyterian Church are led to be
lieve that in sending money and
other gifts to the “Normal and Col
legiate’’, located at Asheville, North
Carolina, and operated by the Pres
byterian Board of Home Missions,
they are helping the poor of the
Southern mountains to give their
children an education and prepare
them for intelligent citizenship. But
the big budget of the Asheville
school is not disbursed in this man
ner. Very few of the pupils come
from the class whose destitution is
so touchingly portrayed in the mis
sionary journals. Only by exercising
the utmost caution is knowledge of
this fact kept from the churches.
That the workers are trained in the
art of making capital out of poverty
should be evident from the following
incident, for the truth of which I
stand ready to vouch.
Literary Activity at Asheville.
Mission teachers are encouraged
to write accounts of their work that
may be used by the Board in awak
ening interest and securing gifts
from people of a benevolent turn.
Knowing that what they write will
be printed and circulated at a safe
distance from their fields of labor,
teachers are not always as careful as
they might be in making their de
scriptions square with the facts.
Frequently there is a wide gap be
tween conditions on the field and
their fanciful narratives. Now the
Asheville school is a favored recipi
ent of mission bounty, and holds the
center of the stage in mission school
operations. As a result, the man
ager and his assistants are expected
to keep a verbal kaleidoscope busy
in figuring out new combinations of
well-worn phrases to hold the sym
pathy of generous people and stimu
late them to larger giving.
Aristocratic Patronage.
This aristocratic institution is pa
troniz d by many wealthy Presby
terian families of the South, who are
not informed of its essential nature
and the character of advertising that
brings in its revenues. Usually
things are managed much better
there than on the occasion I am de
scribing, but Jove himself sometimes
nods and suffers temporary loss of
his grip on secrets of state.
Teacher Caught With the Goods.
A teacher in this school wrote an
article purporting to describe her
field of labor, and her production
was considered clever enough to pub
lish. Copies of the magazine in
which it appeared were sent to local
workers, and, while a social was in
progress at the house of the resident
Presbyterian minister, one of these
was picked up by a student. Notic
ing that her teacher was a contribu
tor, she began to read, but was as
tounded to see that the students of
the school were held up to exhibi
tion as coming from uncultured
homes, and as addicted to queer
habits of speech. Realizing that the
facts were misrepresented, she com
municated the news of her find to
some of her fellows. The young la
dies were hurt and angered, but be
ing too well bred to spoil the social
by any display of temper, they de
cided to wait until the next day,
when they would seek an explana
tion from the teacher. But, given
an opportunity of setting herself
A WOMAN’S APPEAL
To all knowing sufferers of rheuma
tism, whether muscular or of the
joints, sciatica, lumbago, backache,
pains in the kidneys or neuralgia
paina, to write to her for a home treat
ment which has repeatedly cured all
of these tortures. She feels it her
duty to send it to all sufferers FREE.
You cure yourself at home as thou
sands will testify—no change of cli
mate being necessary. This simple
discovery banishes uric acid from the
blood, loosens the stiffened joints, pu
rifies the blood, and brightens the eyes,
giving elasticity and tone to the whole
system. If the above interests you, for
Jtroof address Mrs. M. Summers, Box
(0. South Bend, Ind.
right with the girls, the lady went
to pieces, things began to look ugly,
and a riot call was hurriedly sent to
the president. When that venerable
dignitary appeared on the scene, he
found the gifted author in tears and
an indignant squad of students -who
were going to pack their trunks im
mediately and leave a horrid school
whose teachers were not above lying
about their pupils. Summoning to
his aid the reserve explanations
which had done duty on similar oc
casions in the past, he managed to
pacify the girls and soothe them into
a quiet acceptance of the situation.
Os course, the occurrence never got
into the missionary journals.
The Teacher’s Line of Defense.
I desire to call attention to the
defense of the teacher. In justifica
tion of her course she set up the
plea that she had written the obnox
ious article with the distinct purpose
of interesting Northern people in the
work of the school. For the sake of
enlisting the aid of outsiders, she
had pictured her pupils as social out
casts, while in fact- they -were her
superiors socially. The readiness
with which her matter was received
and published by the Board (in New
York city) shows that she was fol
lowing the course marked out by
those in high places.
Pious Fraud.
We have heard something of pious
fraud practiced for the sake of gain.
We know that leaders in the church
are not above accomplishing their
ends through questionable means.
We are certain that the warrant of
high ecclesiastical standing is used
to extort money for all sorts of
schemes. But if saintly individuals
who are engaged in writing up mis
sion school work from the view
point of poverty and destitution,
while they know full well that pu
pils and teachers are living in the
midst of plenty, do not come peril
ously near to the point where they
may be classed justly as pious frauds,
I miss my estimate. To tell the
truth is more honorable than to
teach a mission school. If cozenage
must be resorted to in order to sup
port these institutions, the sooner
they are put out of commission, the
better it will be for all concerned.
Teacher’s Home as Social Center.
While on this subject of Southern
mission schools, I might as well ex
pose another fake. The statement is
repeatedly made that the home of
the teachers becomes a social center
and a model of home-making. Rare
ly, if ever, is it really such. The
Board usually gives the teachers a
furnished home rent free, but it is
no more a social center than are nu
merous other houses in the same lo
cality. It could not be such without
giving rise to scandal. Any sensible
person, who is acquainted with so
cial conditions in the South, knows
that two or three girls or women
living in a place more or less seclud
ed can not keep open house with
safety to their reputations. Cases
are not unknown where teachers, in
fluenced by fondness for society, or
by pleasing fictions they had read in
mission literature, have attempted to
carry out the plan of making their
house a social center. Sharp tongues
got busy immediately with the dis
section of their characters. The bet
ter managers always surround their
home with an atmosphere of reserve,
and never imagine for a moment that
they are setting the pace for the
community. If missionary societies
will exercise a little common sense,
they will see the absurdity in these
tales of social supremacy. Two or
three lone women, or even a colony
of Northern missionaries, have no
power to change custom and senti
ment in a Southern community.
JOHN JOS. LONG.
La Jara, Colorado.
“Kowtowing to the Pope”, by Thos.
E. Watson. Read it in the April
number of Watson’s Magazine.
£sl)e 3effersottiaii
(jetthMoidfeirfrep
NjV
yk Jdwl J?
/ * SEND ME ONE CENT * \
S when you answer this announcement, as I am going to distribute at least \
jj one-hundred-thousand sets of the Dr. Haux famous “Perfect Vision’’ a
B Spectacles to genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearers, in the next few 1
g weeks —on one easy, simple condition. 1
a I want you to thoroughly try them on your own eyes, no ■
B matter how weak, they may be; read the finest print in your bible with 1
g them on, thread the smallest eyed needle you can get hold of and put B
■ them to any test you like in your own home as long as you please.
Then after you have become absolutely and positively convinced B
B that they are really and truly the softest, clearest and best-fitting glasses B
B you have ever had on your eyes and if they honestly make you see just I
B as well as you ever did in your younger days, you can keep the B
pair forever without a cent of pay if you accept my special ■
B extraordinary advertising proposition, and S
\ JUST DO ME A GOOD TURN-*, /
B by showing them around to your neighbors and friends and speak a good
% word for them everywhere, at every opportunity. r
% Won’t you help me introduce the wonderful Dr. Haux “Perfect #
% Vision ” Spectacles in your locality on one easy, simple condition ? #
V If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearer (no children X
’K need apply) and want to do me this favor, write me at once and X
% just say: “Dear Doctor: Mail me your Perfect Home Eye Z
Tester, absolutely free of charge, also full particulars of JF
your handsome 10-karat Spectacle Offer,” and
address me personally and I will give ycur letter
own personal attention. Address: —
HAUX, (Personal), Haux Bui Id
ST. LOUIS, MOK-
The Above is the Largest Mail Order Spectacle House in the World, and Perfectly Reuabls»
P LAST WEEK 1
Os the Jeffersonian Agents* Contest
I™“’ Fort v Dollars
SIO.OO First Prize; $5.00 Second Prize
$25.00 Grand Prize for three months work
Any man, woman or child, who is honest and straightforward,
can become a Jeffersonian Agent, if we are not already rep
resented in your vicinity. The commission is liberal, and
an active agent can make good money in spare time.
NEXT CONTEST: April 15 to May 31, and June 1
to July 15. Prizes in each contest SIO and $5,
with a grand prize of $25 to be awarded on
July 15 for the three months work.
THE JEFFERSOA/IAA/S, Thomson, Ga.
v
CANNER: 1910 MODEL “A” ABSOLUTELY UNIFORM
The purest Fruits and Vegetables in the world are Canned this way, in
the Home Canners. Made for the Trucker, Farmer and Gardener. Don’t buy
till you see it, also the Lightning Can Capper. Send for catalogue.
HOME CANNER COMPANY, HICKORY, NORTH CAROLINA
WE DO JOB WORK)
ENVELOPES,
LETTER HEADS,
BILL HEADS,
CIRCULARS,
PAMPHLETS.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
F»ECAN
BEST VARIETIES
B. Special Low Prices
BEAR NURSERIES, Palatka, Fla.
The Socialistic doctrine is like
counterfeit money: looks true, but
rings false. Read Thos. E. Watson’s
views. In book form “The Political
and Economic Handbook”, $1 per
copy. The Jeffersonians, Thomson,
Ga.
PAGE NINETEEN