subject in 1873, but that the bill -afterward
was doctored, if I may use the term, and I use
it in no offensive sense, of course ” * * * *
“I said I used the word in no offensive
sense. It was changed after the discussion,
and the dollar of 420 grains was substituted
for it.” —(Senator Allison in Congressional
Record, volume 7, part 2, Forty-fifth Congress,
second session, page 1085.)
“It (the bill demonetizing silver) never was
understood by either house of Congress. I
say that with full knowledge of the facts.
No newspaper reporter —and they are the
most vigilant men I ever saw in obtaining
information —discovered that it had been
done.” —(Senator Beck of Kentucky in Con
gressional Record, volume 7, part 1, Forty-fifth
Congress, second session, page 260.).
“It passed by fraud in the House, never
having been printed in advance, being a
substitute for the printed bill; never having
been read at the clerk’s desk, the reading
having been dispensed with by an impression
that the bill made no material alteration in the
coinage la we; it was passed without discus
sion, debate being cut off by operation of the
previous question. It was passed, to my
certain information, under such circumstances
that the fraud escaped the attention of some
of the most watchful as well as the ablest
statesmen in Cangrcss at the time. * * * * Aye,
sir, it was a fraud that smells to heaven. It
was a fraud that will stink in the nose of
posterity, and for which some persons must
give account in the day of retribution.” —
(Mr, Bright of Tennessee in Congressional
Record, volume 7, part 1, second session,
Forty-fifth Congress, page 584.)
Also read what Representatives Burchard,
Holman and Cannon, who were in the House
when the law was enacted, had to say in the
House:
“The coinage act of 1873, unaccompanied
by any written report upon the subject from
any committee, and unknown to the members
of Congress, who without opposition allowed
it to pass under the belief, if not assurance,
that it made no alteration in the value of the
current coins, changed the unit of value from
silver to gold.”—(Mr. Burchard of Illinois in
Congressional Record, July 13, 1876, page
584.)
“I have before me the record of the proceed
ings of this House on the passage of that
measure, which no man can read without being
convinced that the measure and the method
of its passage through this House was a
J u jiui'iwßWffglwfßWMßß'M.Jßmwiw'WMilii I I■l^gß^!^^s?^^^ l,^^^^l^,,^,^, " l > - ~~~~— ! " "T:~''L"/ X
S "Mjagmag-n ■ —-JELL—. -i -><■ .
——jg-tw^iß— apt- jKja_fiJr ar®__. j»lk ff 8
B^ffl^^^fflTrmnnnnnTmnmTmSnSnTnSs^^S^J^J^™™-^^L—
ESTABLISHED 10 YEARS
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
L ar g es t and best equiped school South. Expert management.
Railroad wire connections. Positions guaranteed. Railroad fares i
paid. Board at cost. Open year around. Write for catalogue B.
G fea t demand for operators. || WM | M mhmi—
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
colossal swindle, I assert that the measure
never had the sanction of this House, and it
does not now possess the moral force of
law.”—(Mr. Hobman of Indiana in Congres
sional Record, volume 4, part 6, Forty-fourth
Congress, first session appendix, page 193.)
“This legislation was had in the Forty
second Congress, February 12, 1873, by a bill
to regulate the mints of the United States
and practically abolished silver as money by
failing to provide for the coinage of the silver
dollar. It was not discussed, as shown by
the Record, and neither members of Congress
nor the people understood the scope of the
legislation.”—(Joseph Cannon in Congres
sional Record, volume 4, part 6, Forty-fourth
Congress, first session appendix, page 19,.)
Can any honest and candid roan, after read
ing the above do otherwise than agree with
Senator Allison ‘ ‘ that the bill was doctored ’’ ?
Or with Representative Holman “that the
measure and the method of its passage through
the House was a colossal swindle”? Both
were in Congress when the law was enacted,
yet Senator Allison has continued to throw
every obstacle in the way of the passage of
a silver coinage bill by Congress. To say the
least, it does not look well.
Every effort has been made for the full
restoration of the coinage of the silver dollar,
without avail, a money power behind the
throne having always opposed the proposition.
I further represent, that the British Indian
government buys annually of silver bullion at
a commercial value of about 55 cents per
ounce, and has the same coined into legal ten
der money to the extent of about 190,000,000
rupees, and thereby earns a profit of over
$22,000,000 annually, also all the nations of
Europe purchase silver bullion at the com
mercial price of about 55 cents per ounce and
have it coined into legal tender coins, at a
ratio of about $1.33 per ounce, and said
nations of Europe are making annually a
profit of over $18,000,000. In all. say, a
profit of fully $40,000,000 made annually
through purchase and coinage of silver, a
great quantity of which is produced in our
country, thereb ycausing great loss and in
justice to the miners of the United States.
During the past three years the circulation
of our country should have been increased at
least $600,000,000 and had such been done
our people would not be suffering from the
present disastrous financial panic.
Therefore your petitioner urges upon Con
gress to restore the coinage of all the silver
produced within the United States and prevent
further enormous losses to our people.
San Diego, California, March 28, 1908.
JESSE GILLMORE.
Headache?
If it does, you should
try Dr. Miles’ Anti-Pain
Pills. Why not do so.
They will relieve the
pain in just a few min
utes. Ask your druggist
There are 45,000 druggists
in the U. S. Ask any of
them. A package of 25
doses costs 25 cents. One
tablet usually stops a
headache. They relieve
pain without leaving any
disagreeable after-effects
—isn’t that what you
want?
“My son Frank Snyder has used
Dr. Miles’ Anti-Tain Pills for a long
time. He never had anything to
help him so much for headache. A
year ago he came home, and I was
down sick with such a dreadful nerv
ous headache. He gave me one of
the Anti-Pain Pills, and after while
I took another and was entirely re
lieved. I always keep them in the
house now, and gave many away to
others suffering with headache."
MRS. LOUISE LEWELLYN,
Powell, South Dakota
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Antl-
Pain Pills, and we authorize him to
return the price of first, package (only)
if it fails to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
Keep Up Your French
READ Le Courtier des Etats-Unis
the official French newspaper in America. Lat
est new r s from Paris. SHORT AND SERIAL
STORIES. Parisian fashions. Literary con
tributions by prominent writers.
La Cuisine Francaise. Sample copy free.
Address Mr. Alexandre, Subscription Dept, 195
Fulton St., New York City.
PAGE ELEVEN