The maid smiled and nodded,
busying herself immediately with
selecting the daintiest of frocks for
her young mistress —a delicate
mauve chiffon with incalculable
yards of fine white lace and silken
shirrings.
“Looks kinder like you wuz dress
in’ fer yo’ own beau, Miss Dolly,”
she said, as she shook out the dress
and laid it across the back of a chair,
bringing the small, embroidered
slippers and silk stockings to match
and placing them on a hassock be
side it.
Dolly smiled a bit sadly at the
girl’s unthinking rally, and the tears
rushed to her eyes, but she dashed
them away hurriedly and began slip
ping into her clothes.
“Oh, this is quite an old gentle
man, Jeanne,” she remarked after a
little, “almost forty-five, I think.
But he was a very, very dear friend
of poor Mamma’s and I want to look
my best.”
Her toilet completed, Dolly stood
taking a final inventory of her
charms in the tall, old-fashioned
mirror. Her eyes were the same
deep pansy-purple as her mother’s,
soft-shaded by drooping, creamy
lashes; her skin fine and white, with
just a suggestion of rose beneath the
satin surface; her lips fresh and red
over a dazzling line of white, square
teeth, and the luxuriant pile of hair,
blue-black and shiny as ebony. Her
slim young throat rose firm and
straight and round as a marble col
umn from the billows of lace about
her neck, and gave to her head a pe
culiarly aristocratic poise.
Ten minutes later, the door-bell
rang imperatively, and above the fu
rious beating of her heart, Dolly
heard the deep tones of a man’s
voice pronouncing her mother’s
name. Jeanne had received her in
structions, and without a word was
ushering him up to the thick-carpet
ed stairs.
Dolly went quickly into the ad
joining room and with throbbing
pulses, stood awaiting the coming of
her mother’s lover. She took a long
breath and held herself very straight,
but her hands were trembling and
the red kept coming and going in her
cheeks. When she found courage
to lift her eyes, Robert Camden was
standing in the doorway. He looked
at her uncertainly a second before
he spoke.
“I beg your pardon, but I
thought—”
Dolly stared at him incredulously,
waiting for him to finish the sen
tence. She was completely bewilder
ed. Surely this was not Bob! This
good-looking young stranger who
could not have been much over twen
ty-one! Why, Robert Camden was
more than twice that!
“Your name?” she interrogated,
smiling a little to hide her embar
rassment.
“I am Robert Camden. I came on
an—an errand for my father, and I
expected to see Mrs. Nelson—Mrs.
Dorothy Nelson.”
“My name is Dorothy Nelson,” she
broke in quickly, “and my mother is
dead.” Her voice trembled a little
on the last word. “She died over a
year ago.”
Young Camden came forward into
the room. A curious light leaped up
in his eyes at her words.
“Then you wrote —”
“I wrote them all, yes—after-
'■- v| QL t T MM
IwL b■' ’ ■ • I - - ■ - laws*-
’ .jgL' i- •' *
WKS yqgMMlpiiwMk:! O*4 K: a J - i
-yr®® ' waß'awHw’q w»:
’zjtyF/s'..' • * i /. k/W • L al .fe-'S-.. w .JjXSB
Efififc>• ■ ''L-ISsPV-' - >
--SYwWI’
■ -’'L-s't-. ?*&;■'’"■ jMWMMEB;' • ;•' '1
B ■' . o -W ... ;U
/fla v-*- • a " ■• ‘" v?". : i ■ •4'i I
' • ‘ vs< ” <L*rot »r.j - . ' > ‘ V’.-K*- *»
1 \ <hc,tr->c 1 -ve ih>t we.have ju>t Mt* V -> XJ-’Oj s ’*
■ ; ■ JL 'H ■
/«'J.’ 1, i'p" • •:<• Si j •* ~--■ r -yi
. .He* ~ r — 'Tt L - ■> •* ~ i p- J& *—'■ -yr.l
r ; :•. .. j ••• ■•' "
OMWSWb.’WKW®'- rl' •'i-^ 4 KaKi
■X' ■ 1 :^bBSB|Sb ~ s 'reß -; La ■
o,o A •’a'*' o ' Ve ’ s " vr.dernea-h the Roufh H.TWj'vi'olet Hmore eloquent.
WVBBMBMBMHW Uy,u k, , W ’22Z~««I x~ ■& 3 A Ju E Ct Wine. t Loct.ot P , el j -and Jhou' SgRS & ■ U “t‘ .„ c ‘ 'Sc my AoutM. to F fee.'.ll ■ I
II A^n„’n, ."':.» MWK owndernec veec Paaad.ae cnowt' •' k “' !. .. bn t >.|
• t
: The Full Set of 15 Beautiful Four-Colored Gold I
• Back, Bright Finish Post Cards Consisting of a p|T|* p |
: Series Called “Beauties of Friendship” 11 J
’ is the most royally beautiful set of Souvenir Post Cards ever produced. Every Card is a t
’ 1 lovely work of art; every flower is shaded in the most natural, life-like and gorgeously beautiful
• colors. The flowers are on a gold background, making them stand out with startling realism.
These Cards are beautiful enough to frame or be mailed to friends or relatives at any time—on a birth- t
’ day, or as a memento of your remembrance—they are the most appropriate symbols of your thought- t
« ful feelings that could be imagined. These beautiful Souvenir Post Cards are fitly named— “ Bea-
ties of Friendship” They rival nature in her most beautiful and lovely colors, and each Card con- t
’ tains a pretty verse of sentiment suitable for any time or person. While the supply lasts we want
• every reader who sees this extraordinary offer to write us at once and we will mail you free a set of
. these wonderfully attractive Cards. ‘ t
I
OUR GREAT OFFER
I
I
’ By a special arrangement we are able to offer the above
, collection of beautiful Cards, UP-TO-DATE FARMING (a great
• home and farm semi-monthly paper) 3 months and the
’ WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN 3 months, all for 30 cents, pro-
> vided that you will show the Cards and the papers when you
• get them to at least five of your friends.
»
• This is the only condition we make, and every one who re
’ ceives the papers and these Cards is surprised at their excel-
> lence, value and beauty. When we fill your order we will also
• send you “a great surprise” and show you how you can easily
' get 50 more beautiful Cards free.
J Our plan is the simplest and easiest you ever heard of and
, is made for the sole purpose of maintaining the circulation of
• our paper and increasing it.
' Fill out the coupon and send right away before you forget
• and the papers and the full set of 15 Beauties of Friendship
J Post Cards will reach you by return mail.
. THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Cbt 3ftffersoniatt
►
f this is the coupon
E
£ Pub. THE JEFFERSONIAN,
r
b
b Thomson, Ga.:
k
You may send me the fifteen (15) BEAUTIES
£ OF FRIENDSHIP Post Cards, Up-to-Date Farm
k ing and the Weekly Jeffersonian, each 3 months,
k as offered. I agree to the one condition that you
f make, viz.: that I will show them to at least five
H of my friends in accordance with your GREAT
k FREE OFFER. I enclose herewith 30 cents. My
£ address is:
►
b
h Name
k
b
k
J R.F.DP. O
k
t State
PAGE FIFTEEN