Jeffersonian
r Volume Six ~|
L Number Twenty-Five J
More About Duckworth, Ladson and Bodenhamer
The Cotton Situation
/ r OME of the Farmers’ Union leaders
who want to play Big Ike, influenced
the farmers, in 1907, to refuse 12 cents
"■■■' for their cotton. It is now understood
that the spinners were ready to take the crop
at that price.
But the Big Ikes demanded 15 cents, and
the fight was on. The spinners and bank
ers combined. AND THE BIG IKES
COULDN'T DO J THING. Cotton tum
bled to 7 cents, and even less. The farmers
lost ‘millions of dollars. THE BIG IKES
LOST NOTHING. THEY HAD NOTH
ING TO LOSE.
At this time, when we can get 14 1-2 cents
for middling, the same Big Ikes are trying
to get the farmers to hold for higher prices.
To do so, under the circumstances, would’be
a mere gamble.
Who are the advisers who tell you not to
sell at 141-2 cents?
The same Big Ikes who told you not to
sell at 12 cents, in 1907.
The warehouse owners would naturally
like to make storage and commissions out of
you. The insurance companies would like to
earn premiums. Billy Witham would glad
ly get his itching finger in your pie. Rav
enously fond of pie, is Billy.
Farmer, cotton may soar; and then, again,
it may tumble. Don’t gamble on it. The
present price is more than you dreamed of,
last summer. SELL. FARMERS, SELL.
PAY YOUR DEBTS, AND BE FREE.
“Large Landowners a Menace 99
HU homely adages which pass from
mouth to mouth, among our common
people, are usually chock full of wis
dom. One of these proverbs is—
II
“The shoemaker should stick to his last'' 1
General U. S. Grant was a great soldier;
but when he embarked in business, with a
Wall Street partner, he made a disastrous
failure that darkened the last years of his life.
General John B. Gordon was as fine an
officer as ever strode or rode over a battle
field; but his commercial ventures were la
mentable mistakes, which entailed heavy
losses upon thousands of people.
Os course, Mr. R. F. Duckworth is a more
gifted man than either Gordon or Grant. At
least, he thinks so; and that comes to the same
thing, so far as he is concerned.
As long as he let politics alone, he went
ahead swimmingly. Pretty much anybody
could run such a newspaper as his—especially
as the funds of the Farmers’ Union keep a
regiment of subscription agents in the field,
working for “our paper”—which isn’t “ours”
at all.
But Duckworth got tired of Hog and
Hominy, Diversified Farming, Raise Every
thing at Home, and Let Politics Alone. He
apparently grew weary of letters (written or
faked) in which the admiring writers (real
or fictitious) assured this modest Duck that
he and Boodlehamer were publishing the best
paper that the correspondent (actual or
imaginary) had ever seen.
So Duckworth plunged into politics. And
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. Vy
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, December 2,
the very first lunge he made. MIRED HIM
UP TO THE NECK IN REPUBLICAN
MUD.
How sad.
Duck knows just about as much about po
litical economy and governmental policies as
a billy-goat knows about monogamy.
WHO ARE THOSE LARGE LAND
OWNERS WHOSE ESTATES MUST BE
“CUT UP"’? Give us their names. Tell us
the size of their holdings. Explain your plan
for taking the land away from the present
owners.
WHEN IS A FAAW TOO LARGE.
DUCK?
How small will you make those “cut-ups”?
In France, a ten-acre farm is a big thing:
in Germany, the small farm is ahnosfas lim
ited.
Now, Duckling, tell us how much land you
will allow any one man to own.
You contemptible little demagogue! Don't
you know that such idiotic nonsense as you
are preaching and teaching will cause all’the
landowners to leave the Farmers’ Union?
Who were the leaders of the reform move
ments of Modern Europe ? Men of rank and
property.
Had not the Elector of Saxony, and other
members of the German nobility, supported
and defended Martin Luther, the Pope would
have burned him at the stake. The men of
station and substance made the Reformation
a success. Lacking that indispensable sup
port, the earlier reformers (Huss, Jerome,
Arnold, etc.,) had been burned alive by the
Popes.
Such leaders as the Marquis of Stein
founded the democracy of Prussia. Such
leaders as the Marquis de Lafayette, the
Marquis Condorcet, and the Count of Mira
beau were indispensable to the success of the
masses against the classes in France.
In England, it was such men as John
Hampden, a large landowner, who made the
successful struggle for the rights of the peo
ple, against the personal government of the
In Ireland, leaders like O’Connell, a man
of wealth, championed the cause of the op
pressed, and devoted his life to their service.
In America, the story is the same. The best
Democrats we have ever known were men of
goodly estate. They devoted the best part of
their lives to the service of the common peo
ple.
George Washington owned upwards of
37,000 acres of land; but he was so full of pa
triotism and public spirit that he spent eight
arduous, anxious years at the head of the
army, and refused to accept a dollar for his
services.
Thomas Jefferson fought the entailed es
tate and the monopoly of the oldest child.
(primogeniture) but he made no war on
large estates. At the very time that he was
combatting the “tied-up” inheritance, and
the system which gave all the property of. a
deceased proprietor to his eldest child, Jef
ferson himself owned 40,000 acres of fine
land.
Patrick Henry was a landowner, of large
proportions. His home-place is in the hands
of his descendants to this day; and it is one
of the loveliest, most valuable estates in Vir
ginia.
Jefferson Davis and Robert E. Lee owned
magnificent plantations. So did Generals
Wade Hampton, J. E. B. Stuart, Turner
Ashby, and dozens of other heroes of the Con
federacy. Tens of thousands of the South
ern men who volunteered to serve in the
Confederate army, in defense of our rights,
were men who left large estates and lives of
ease, to share the fatigues of the march and
the dangers of the battlefield with the poor
est soldier.
Mr. Duckworth, name the men whose land,
you threaten to take away from them!
AND HOW SMALL WILL A FARM
HAVE TO BE, TO SUIT YOU?
The Socialists claim that no man should
own any more land than he can work. That
is, the Southern Socialists take that position.
DO YOU AGREE WITH THEM. DUCK?
“Obituary Notices 99
D
N HIS Union News, Mr. Duckworth
states that he quit publishing memo
rial resolutions, because his subscribers
complained of it. ’
Produce those letters of complaint, Duck.
Tell us who it was that was so heartless as
to ask you to refuse an inch or two space to
a deceased member of the Farmers’ Union.
The Jeffersonian publishes these “Obit
uary Notices”, and not a single subscriber
has “complained”.
I have glanced at Duck’s paper nearly
every week of the last three years, and I
never saw much space devoted to “Obituary
Notices”. It certainly did not strike me that
he was using up too much space on his de
ceased “Brothers”.
What I did note, however, was that, in the
very issue of the News which ought to have
given three inches to the Pilcher resolutions.
HE GAVE THREE PAGES TO J SHIP
SUBSIDY ARGUMENT.
Did you get pay for those three pages,
Mr. Duckworth ?
cares ul 110 IF you answer!
P. S.—Duckworth is dodging on this mat
ter, just as he is doing on the ship-subsidy.
The memorial resolutions in honor of T. J.
Pilcher, a locally prominent Farmers’ Union
man, were not an “Obituary Notice”.
The obituary is simply a few lines stating
the fact that some man, woman or child, aged
so many years, has died of such and such a
disease, and will be buried, or has been
buried, at a time and place mentioned.
The Farmers'' Union News could very prop
erly excuse itself from publishing such no
tices, just as The Jeffersonian would, for
they, obviously, should be printed in the lo
cal paper. But the memorial resolutions
adopted, as they always are, after the de
ceased has been buried, are a different thing
altogether, and a different rule applies to
them.
The Jeffersonian has never refused to
yield space to these tributes of respect and
affection, nor will it ever do so.
Mr. Pilcher was a loyal and influential
(continued on page five)
Price, Five Cents