what was wrong. Why do we make heroes
out of the Andrew Jacksons, the Roosevelts,
the Sheridans, the U. S. Grants? Because
they were fighters! Os course, we can’t all be
great men, like those that I have mentioned;
but if the little men didn’t fight, in com
panies, regiments and battalions, how would
a Commander ever win his reputation? Let
each man do the very best that he can, in his
own sphere of action; and never be afraid of
being called “a fault-finder”, —IF, INDEED,
HE FINDS THE FAULT. If the fault is
there, somebody ought to find it. How else
would you get rid of it?
Don’t be hard on the chronic kicker. There
are a good many things and a good many in
dividuals who deserve all the kicking they can
get. If I, or any other editor, am knocking
something that ought not to be knocked, show
me my error, and I will quit; but as long as
the criticism is simply a general indictment of
“scrapping”, I hold my ground, saying that I
have done nothing improper, if the scrap was
of the right sort.
Mr. Outler says that I am going to pick a
quarrel with St. Peter, the very first thing I
do after entering the Pearly Gates. Well, I
don’t mind saying that, unless he can find me
something better to do than to spend eternity
playing a harp and singing hymns, and loaf
ing around on damp clouds, he will certainly
have a first-class row on his hands.
So, no more at present from,
Yours truly, T. E. W.
Sock It to Gordon Lee!
Hon. Thomas E. Watson,
Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: —I have a communication from the
Hon. Gordon Lee, asking me to indorse him for
Congress again. I also noticed, in The Jeffer
sonian, sometime ago, where you advised the
people to put some questions’to our - Congress
members before giving our support. Please let
me know, through The Jeffersonian, if you know
any good reason why I or any good Jeffersonian
Democrat should not give Mr. Lee their support,
for Congress, another term, as there are some
other good men spoken of for Congress in our
' district.
Wishing you success in your reform movements,
I am Yours truly,
A. W. FLORENCE.
Powder Springs, Ga., Dec. 14, 1909.
ANSWER.
The Honorable Gordon Lee is a most ami
able, excellent gentleman, for whom, person
ally, I have nothing but the kindest feelings.
But, as a Congressman, he ought to be
ashamed to look one of his constituents in the
face and ask for his vote.
At the extra session of Congress, had the
Democrats stood by their own leader, the
Honorable Champ Clark, and acted in con
cert with those Republican insurgents, who
had broken away from the deviltries of Can
nonism, that infamous old scoundrel would
have been thrown to the ground, and the
House of Representatives would have again
become what our forefathers had intended it
should be, —a deliberative body.
Never since the Civil War has the Demo
cratic party had such a chance to unhorse the
Republicans, and to check the march of the
trusts, as it had at the beginning of the extra
session; but there were a sufficient number of
Democrats who deserted their own colors and
went over to the Republicans, to perpetuate
the rule of the corrupt and voracious corpora
tions, who had their birth in the atrocities of
class legislation.
Gordon Lee was one of those deserters. If
he had been a soldier in the Confederate army,
and had done just as he did at the extra ses
sion, he would, in case of his subsequent cap
ture by the Confederates, have been COURT
MARTIALED AND SHOT. He deserted
the South: he deserted Georgia: he deserted
his own comrades-in-arms: he went over to
the enemy: he fired upon his own flag: he
3effersonian
virtually shot down his own people, and he
deserves the political death of the traitor.
Owing to the recreancy on the part of Gor
don Lee, Jim Griggs, Bill Howard, Lon Liv
ingston, Charles Edwards, William Brantley,
and those Tammany Congressmen, Cannon
ism triumphed; the Payne bill was jammed
through the House; the conference committee
was packed,— even the angry protest of a Re
publican like Payne, of New York, couldn't
prevent the passage of a bill which leaves a
tax of 165 per cent, upon the poor man's
blanket, a tax of 168 per cent, upon the cloth
ing of the common people, a tax of 200 per
cent, upon cheap overcoats. Similar enormi
ties are found throughout the length and
breadth of that damnable law.
It is a shame that such men as Gordon Lee
betrayed their own constituents— many of
whom are poor men who have to labor for
their daily bread, and who have to buy this
common clothing, these common overcoats,
which are taxed at such outrageous rates.
No! don't ever give Gordon Lee another
vote for anything! He doesn’t deserve it.
With hi's eyes open, he sinned against his own
party, his own people, his own section. He
went over to the New. England robbers and
plunderers of the poor. IF HE EVER
GETS ANOTHER OFFICE, LET HIM
GO TO NEW ENGLAND TO GET IT.
Buying Little Negroes! What
Next, Missionaries ?
Dear Sir: —I am a reader of The Jeffersonian,
and have read a good deal on foreign missionary
work. I send you a clipping and would like to
hear your views on it through The Jeffersonian.
MRS. J. B. PICKETT.
Seneca, South Carolina.
The clipping sent by Mrs. Pickett gave an
account of how the missionaries, in Africa,
are buying little negroes from their relatives,
(the parents being dead) in order that these
African children may be supported, educated
and “converted” by the missionaries.
The purchase-money for these negro chil
dren comes out of the pockets of American
congregations. Is it not almost unbelievable?
But you can see the statement of the facts, in
The Christian Herald, December 8, 1909,
page 1046.
The missionaries give to this buying of ne
gro boys and girls a good, deceptive name, of
course.
They call it “redeeming” the children. The
nearest male kinsman of the orphan child sells
it to the missionary, “for a certain amount of
money, or its equivalent in bullocks, farm
produce or cloth.”
Says The Christian Herald: “All over
Africa, children have been redeemed by mis
sionaries.” That is to say, all over Africa,
your money has been used to buy negro boys
and girls, who are clothed, fed, housed, and
educated at your expense!
The wail of tens of thousands of white or
phans are unheeded in this, our home land, at
the very time when these mission-crazed vis
ionaries are buying up negro orphans in
Africa, and, gathering them into orphanages
and schools. Isn’t it a shame —an infernal
outrage ?
The Christian Herald is running a notice,
headed thus:
“WHO WILL HELP REDEEM LITTLE
DORA?”
This is the name given to a negro girl, in
Africa, whom the missionaries wish to buy
from “her heathen relatives”.
Mrs. Perkins, the missionary who writes to
The Christian Herald, about the colored girl,
calls her, dear little Dora”; and she says
that unless the Christians of this country send
her the money to buy dear little Dora, she
will have to go back to her own people, in the
“bush”, and will be eventually married to a
heathen husband.
The Christian Herald earnestly supports
the plea of Mrs. Perkins, and I guess the
faithful will rack up with the coin.
We have actually gone so mission-mad that
we have reopened the slave trade, and are
buying nigger orphans “all over Africa”!
The first thing we know, the parents of ne
gro children will begin to be put out of the
way, by “the heathen relatives”, who know
where they can get a good price for the or
phans.
I wonder what passage of the Bible justifies
the conduct of the foreign missionaries, in
buying up these black children! I wonder
how long it will be before the congregations
of our churches rebel at these crazy doings!
Think of harassing the common people of
this country, to make them give MONEY TO
BUY. MAINTAIN. AND EDUCATE
BLACK CHILDREN “ALL OVER AFRI
CA”!
In this republic, you can find as many or
phans as the churches can support and edu
cate. without having to purchase them. It is
a crime against our own race and country to
be eternally draining off into the foreign
world the money needed so distressingly by
our own flesh and blood.
How many little white Doras do you sup
pose could be saved from “a fate worse than
death” if the Mrs. Perkinses, and The
Christian Herald, would go to work for them?
In the name of our blessed Master, how can
these fanatics harden their hearts to their own
white kindred, and devote their lives to the
“dear little Doras” of Africa?
These Preachers Laughed
Rev. William Dunbar Speaks ta Methodist Minis
ters on the Subject.
Following the reading of a paper by Dr. B. F.
Dempsey, pastor of Trinity Church, on “The Need
of Protestant Missions in Roman Catholic Coun
tries’” Rev. William Dunbar, pastor of Payne
Memorial Church, made the statement to the
Methodist ministers that America is rapidly be
coming Romanized.
“The influence of Roman Catholicism is be
coming more apparent each day,” he said, “and
it has reached the point where there isn’t a news
paper in Atlanta that hasn’t a Roman Catholic
censor upon it who suppresses notices that may be
detrimental to its interests, and I believe that
the Associated Press is dominated by it, although
I will not make that as a positive statement.
“When Bishop Keiley secured the appointment
of a Roman Catholic priest as assistant chaplain
of the Federal Prison in Atlanta I wrote a pro
test to The Georgian. It was never published
and when returned to me there was a note saying
it ‘could not be published because of the offense
it would give to many readers of the paper.’
“That shows you to what extent Roman Cathol
icism’s influence has extended.”
Then Dr. Dunbar explained why he has nev
er voted the Democratic ticket. “I have never
voted that ticket,” said he, “because Tammany,
the Democratic machine in New York, is domi
nated by Roman Catholicism and Tammany domi
nates the Democratic party. That’s why I have
never voted the Democratic ticket and I never
will vote it so long as that condition of affairs
exists.
“Now,” he continued, “if you want to read
some facts about this thing, you read Tom Wat
son’s article on the Roman Catholic Church and
its relation to the American Government. It will
be printed in the next issue of his Magazine.”
“Is he going to give the facts in that story like
he did in his story about Missions?” asked Rev.
Mr. Siler.
“Yes, he is,” replied Rev. Mr. Dunbar with con
viction.
“Then I don’t care to read it,” responded the
pastor of Wesley Memorial, and the ministers
laughed.
Rev. Mr. Dunbar subsequently arose to state
that he had “nothing but love for the people of
the Catholic Church.”
(I have not the honor and‘pleasure of
knowing the Rev. Mr. Siler, but would thank
him heartily for pointing out any error that
I have committed in my exposures of the lat
ter-day mission methods. Possibly, he only
knows of my articles through Dr. Lovett’s
Advocate, or W. E. Towson’s pamphlet.—
T. E. W.)
PAGE THIRTEEN