(From the Chicago Inter Ocean.)
All readers of the Jeffersonian who
have sick friends, suffering from rheu
matism or kidney trouble, will be in
terested;
FINDS NEW KIDNEY CURE
Dr. T. Frank Lynott, New York Specialist,
Discovers Remarkable Remedy.
At last a perfectly harmless and positive
cure appears to have been found. Dr. T.
Frank Dynott, formerly of the New York
University, New York, later of the fa
mous Bellevue Hospital, and now a cele
brated specialist in Chicago, has a very
quick-acting formula which has been ap
proved by the best doctors.
The bditor of the Jeffersonian saw the
above clipping from the Inter Ocean and
wanted to know of this new formula for
curing kidney trouble.
Arrangements were then made by
which Dr. Dynott offers the Jeffersonian
readers a free treatment. Dr. Dynott,
however, says that he proposes to give the
free treatment only for a limited time to
convince the public in every part of the
United States of the positive wonderful
efficacy of his treatment.
Furthermore, Dr. Dynott wants to make
it clear that he has no “cure-all.” He is
a specialist in kidney and bladder dis
eases and rheumatism, so please do not
write to him unless you have one of these
diseases. If you write at once, both the
medical advice and the medicine are en
tirely free.
The editor of this paper, the Jefferson
ian, feels that with such a free offer, any
body who stays sick with kidney trouble
or rheumatism deserves to be sick.
I know that a good many free offers
have been advertised where the public
had to send money, but this free offer
reallv IS A FREE OFFER. And remem
ber that instead of getting an ordinary
physician, you get the medical advice free
direct from America’s greatest of all spe
cialists on these diseases. See Free Treat
ment Certificate at bottom of this page
and get relief right now.
Item, >a ..\ jM
Bffi
▼! w
Writing of Dr. T. Frank Lynott, who
gives the medical advice free, a brother
specialist writes aS follows:
“I have for years been considered an
authority on urinary diseases; but I
must confess my respect, my profound
sense of esteem, for Dr. Lynott, whose
wonderful success in treating urinary
diseases has surprised us all. Dr. Ly
nott. by the way, is making a most re
markable free offer —the most genuine
and generous offer ever made by a
high-grade physician. It seems to me
the medical world ought not to be
jealous of his success, but should praise
him. for what he has done and is doing
for humanity.”
JUST
96 « aaia ™ ji
Your Name &
and Address and ttie Symptoms
of your disease given by number. That is all Dr. Lynott wants.
Read the free treatment certificate; read how it puts you un
der no obligations whatever, how it says specially and distinctly
that you are not under any obligations whatever.
SEND NO MONEY—just write for the free treatment
REMEMBER: —This free treatment offer is LIMITED. Only a certain number can be
taken under Dr. Lynott’B personal care. If you answer this offer the first time you
sec it you arc GUARANTEED the FREE treatment. Ro better send the free treatment
certificate today, at once, and remember, you need 1 V RTANT, IMMEDIATE relief from
those awful pains.
DR. T. FRANK LYNOTT, 3343 Occillental Blt| g-- CHICAGO
olf you have a friend suffering with kidney or bladder trouble or other uric
acid disease, such as rheumatism, don’t you feel that you owe it to your
friend to tell him or her of this free offer?
Stop that back-breaking, twisting, terrible,
terrible, unbearable agony ! Oh, that awful, awful
digging soreness—the back all bent, the joints stiff, the
heart-wringing pain— stop that pain RIGHT NOW!
Yes, Write Treatment—
a REAL Free Treatment that will give you relief —relief at once —not next
week, not tomorrow, but relief AT ONCE — immediately after starting the treat
ment. It is so simple, so mild, yet so scientific and so sure— this treatment for
rheumatism, kidney and bladder trouble. Write now, today,
SEE THE FREE TREATMENT CERTIFICATE BELOW — Sign it and send it today.
No money—no obligation. At last you can get relief and, if you write at once, you
get the treatment absolutely free. Just think—a genuine free treatment by
America’s and Europe’s lending specialist—absolutely free —really and genuinely
free to convince the public.
If you have Kidney or Bladder Trouble or Rheumatism (the cause of those pains),
then it’s your loss if you suffer any longer. When Dr. Dynott says free, he means
free —not one cent to pay; and it is “up to you” whether you want the best medical
advice and medicine all without a cent of cost. Don’t miss this wonderfully liberal
offer. See the Free Trial Certificate at the bottom of this page.
whose photo is printed here, is,
as you perhaps know, a great
authority on kidney and blad
der trouble and rheumatism.
Rarely before has a physician
of such high standing offered to
treat patients by mail. But
Dr. Lynott wants the people to
get the benefit of this free treat
ment.
His cures have extended over
America and Europe. In fact,
Dr. Lynott received a special
diploma on urinary diseases
from the great New York Uni
versity —of which the famous
Bellevue Hospital, New York,
is now an honored part.
WATCH
THESE SYMPTOMS!
Trouble in the kidneys begins slowly, slowly. It. creeps upon the unsuspecting
patient like a thief in the night. Slowly, slowly, those stinging, racking pains
foist themselves upon the sufferer; gradually, gradually the pains increase into
a daily, nightly, constant, endless torture. Watch the symptoms, and cure
yourself. Here are the principal symptoms of uric acid disease:
The Symptoms
1 — Pain in the back. ‘ 10 —Swelling in any part of the body.
2 Too frequent desire to urinate. 11 —Palpitation or pain around the
3 Burning or obstruction of urine. heart.
1/ —Pain or soreness in the bladder. 12 —Pain in the hip joint.
5 Prostatic Trouble. 13 —Pain in the neck or head.
6 Gas or pain in the stomach. I l^ —Pain or soreness in the kidneys.
7 General debility, iceakness, dizzi- 15—Pain or swelling of the joints.
ness. 16 —Pain and swelling of the muscles.
8 — Constipation or liver trouble. 17 —Pain and soreness in nerves.
.9 — Pain or soreness under right ribs. 18 —Acute or chronic rheumatism.
MOW THEM, This Certificate is FREE
You get the treatment, the Send no money— read the cer-
medicine and Dr. Lynott’s tificate, note that it puts you
personal attention absolutely |a|| under no obligation. Dr. Ly-
free, if you write at once. (fIHH nott is glad to see a sufferer
Instant Relief for those ter- cured —w T rite at once and get
rorizing pains' ' w the free treatment.
I Free Certificate |
■MOMnnMnnKaai iimat nun 1 iinsa»K»waßiirrwnw-ir
What is
Your Name?
State plainly, Mr., Mrs. or Miss.
Your Address?
What Symptoms Have You?
Give numbers from table above —that is all.
What is Your Age Married?
Just fill out the above —nothing to sign, you see. Just answer
the questions and be sure to give your name and address. You
are under no obligations whatever. The FREE treatment will
then be sent at once, prepaid. Cut out this certificate (or write a
letter describing your symptoms) and get INSTANT relief from
those racking, rocking pains. Address personally
| Dr. T. FRANK LYNOTT |
L 3043 Occidental Bldg. CHICAGO, ILL. |
fa ISf I L
\ \\
ilillO \\
vjgttisgt. u \ I
LOOK at this poor sufferer all bent
with nerve-racking pain—he is a victim of
kidney trouble; he thinks it is a rheumatic
twitch. Friends say he grumbles, but con
sidering his awful pain, he bears up most
bravely.
Oh, it is terrible that there should be
such suffering, when you can be relieved
so quickly, so surely, so simply, and right
now, free of charge.