the ocean. It was not I who said that the
missionaries had been purchasing negro or
phans “all over Africa”.
No: The Christian Herald did that.
I didn’t even see the paper which carried
the notice and the appeal for money. A good
Christian woman of South Carolina clipped
that editorial from The Christian Herald,
sent it to me, and asked me what I thought
about it.
Well, you’ve been told what I think about
it. And you think the same way. Has the
fact been denied? No. Will it be denied?
No.
They dare not contradict these statements
of fact: they know that I can prove, by their
own literature, every material detail of the
case.
So they just keep up the cry of “ignor
ance”, to keep their dupes from investigating,
and getting on to the truth.
A Negro Editor's Disclaimer and
Protestation
The editor of The Atlanta Independent
writes me quite a lengthy letter, claiming
that he was misrepresented in the communi
cation which appeared in The Jeffersonian
two weeks ago.
He, B. J. Davis, says that he is not in favor
of social equality, and not a South hater. He
says, “I was born in the South, reared here,
and expect to die here. I love the section,
its sentiment, its thought, and its traditions.”
Well, that’s putting it pretty strong, but
he is entitled to express himself in his own
way. At the same time, B. J., if I were you
I wouldn’t write any more such editorials as
the one which caused you to be criticised.
It does the negro no good to tell him that
he is racially equal to the white man. If he
is racially our equal, why shouldn’t you fa
vor social equality?
Dalton and Lawrence Bird
A private letter from one of our friends
in Dalton, Georgia, brings the welcome in
telligence that local charity will see to it that
Lawrence Bird and his mother do not suffer.
It gave me pleasure to commend the good
work of “Uncle Charlie”, of the Augusta
(Maine) Also, to suggest small
contributions for Lawrence, some of which
are coming in. Likewise, to send him a slight
“chip-in”, myself.
Hereafter, though, I trust that Southern
invalids will give us Southern editors a
chance, before appealing to the North.
Florida Waking Up
Evidently, the time has come when Senator
Taliaferro, of Florida, will have to meet
some live men and live issues—and he is go
ing to find his corporation record a nemesis;
Claude L’Engle is in the race, ex-Gov
ernor Broward is spoken of, and Hon. J. L.
Reeves has announced.
The Pensacola Journal publishes the plat
form on which Judge Reeves is making his
campaign; and it is a truly democratic docu
ment.
He is opposed to the usurpations of the
Federal judges; favors the enforcement of
Section 25, of the Judiciary Act of 1789; and
wants the law changed so that the Judges
will hold office for a term of years, instead of
for life.
He advocates the strengthening of the In
terstate Commerce Commission, in order that
it mav have greater power to protect the peo
ple from the transportation companies.
He states and approves the sound doctrine
that the Federal Government has no legal
authority to levy a tariff tax for any other
purpose than the raising of necessary rev
enues to pay legitimate governmental ex-
3effersontan
penses. He virtually stands for untaxed
necessaries of life.
In favor of the Income Tax he expresses
himself positively; and he also speaks an
earnest word for the proposed inland water
way.
The address put forth by Judge Reeves is
a very strong paper; and he excoriates the
copartnership between commercial greed and
rotten politics as vehemently as any old Pop
could do it.
A States’ Rights man he is, through and
through—as every sane citizen ought to be.
The Catholics Intimidated the
Hearst Papers: Brisbane on
the Fairbanks-Pappy
Incident
When Francisco Ferrer fell, a priests’ vic
tim, in his determined effort to introduce
modern ideas into Pope-cursed Spain, Mr.
Hearst’s chief editor spoke a manly word on
the tragedy, as so many others did.
The Catholic papers of New York at once
jumped on Brisbane, by name; and they
hammered him in their invariable, historic
and virulent way.
Hearst, or Brisbane, or somebody evidently
got scared. When the Fairbanks episode
came along, Brisbane sided against the Prot
estants and in favor of the Catholics.
A more painfully peculiar editorial I have
seldom read than that in which The New
York Evening Journal licks the hands which
had dealt it the savage blow r s in the Ferrer
matter.
Brisbane’s first position is, that Fairbanks
is a man of whom the American people have
a very poor opinion, regarding him “as a
joke or w T orse”; and that therefore the Pope,
having possibly the same opinion of the ex-
Vice-President, “isn't to he blamed for not
receiving Mr. Fairbanks”.
What a pitiable dodge!
The Pope had consented to receive Fair
banks, and only cancelled the engagement
when he learned that the ex-Vice-President
was to address the Methodists after visiting
the Pope.
The Holy Papa knew best of all men why
he cancelled the engagement; and he himself
declared that he did it for the reason, that
Fairbanks adhered to his resolution to speak
in the Methodist church after the audience
with Pappy.
The next position taken by Brisbane is
even more disingenuous—not to call it by any
harsher name.
He argues that the Pope did not refuse to
see Mr. Fairbanks, but merely declined to
invite him to call!
Brisbane is great on emphasis, and he puts
the two words “REFUSE” and “INVITE”
in capitals.
Everybody knows that Pappy and his
American parrot, Ireland, stated in the dis
tinctest language that the purpose of Fair
banks to address the Methodists made it im
possible for Pappy to receive the Indianian's
visit, BECAUSE to do so would imply an
indorsement of the alleged dishonest way in
which the Methodists, (“pernicious prose
lyters”) had gained converts from Catholi
cism. X
Falconio made the same statement.
Consequently, the objection applied to
ANY SORT of reception of Fairbanks by
the Holy Pappy.
But, again, how could Fairbanks call on
the Pope, after the Pope had cancelled his
consent to receive the American ■?
Would Arthur Brisbane call on a Meth
odist bi«hop, after the bishop had agreed to
receive him, and had then repudiated the
agreement? Could anv man who respects
himself do a thing of that kind Os course,
not. Brisbane then argues that this i=? not a
Protestant country, and that Italy is a Cath-
olic country.: consequently the Methodists are
most impertinent in trying to win Italians
over to a Protestant faith.
Once upon a time, this country was no
more Catholic than Italy is now Protestant.
The priests of Pappy were mighty humble
in those days when this was a Protestant re
public. They worked along quietly, as the
Methodists are now working in Rome. No
body believed, fifty years ago, that Pappy
would become so strong, in these United
States, that our Presidents would cringe to
him and fawn upon him—or that an editor,
like Brisbane, would feel constrained to pub
lish such a very discreditable propitiatory
article as the one we are considering. Who
knows? The Methodists in Italy may one
day capture Pappy’s country, as Pappy has
conquered ours.
Brisbane concludes his amazing editorial
thus:
“We believe that Mr. Fairbanks, or any other
outsider sharing in demonstrations of disrespect
for the Catholic religion or the head of the Cath
olic Church in Rome, needs to be taught a lesson.
And we are glad that a lesson was administered.”
If the Protestants of this country do not
make Hearst regret the publication of such
editorials as the above, we shall be greatly
surprised and disappointed.
The Plight of a Presidential Fac
ing-Both- PFays
The Republican platform pledged the
party to revise the tariff. But as Bryan and
other Democrats pointed out, the pledge was
meaningless since it did not state whether
the revision should be up or down.
The whole country turned its attention to
this vital subject, in 1908, and there was an
expectant pause in the campaign that boded
no good for the Republicans. At that criti
cal moment, a blunder on the part of Taft
would have insured the election of Bryan.
Feeling the irresistible pressure of absolute
necessity, Mr. Taft avowed, most positively,
in several public addresses, that the platform
pledge was to be construed to mean “a sub
stantial revision downward” — one that would
lower the cost of living.
Immediately, Bryan’s chances paled. The
people had faith in Mr. Taft as an honest
man. They could not conceive it possible
that he would violate the contract on which
he secured the Presidency. He got hundreds
of thousands of votes from men who remem
bered how perfidiously the Democratic Con
gress of 1891/. had broken its promises to re
form the tariff, and who had no suspicion
whatever that such a man as Mr. Taft could
be capable of similar dishonor.
After the election, came the extra-session,
which took care of Mr. Taft, personally, at
the very start by adding an extra $25,000 to
his salary.
Then the “Interests” camped luxuriously
in Washington, to see that campaign contri
butions were redeemed, a hundred fold, at
the expense, of the common people.
The net result was, the most infamous
piece of class legislation that ever gave legal
form to the robbery of the many by the few.
'When President Taft put his signature to
this horrible document, he stated, in so many
words, that “this bill is not a full redemption
tion of Republican pledges”} He said that
it was not by any means a perfectly satisfac
tory measure.
The country was indignant because of the
outcome of the extra-session, and nil clear
sighted men knew that the Aldrich tariff
was far worse than the abominable Din gley
bill. And while Mr. Taft was sharply criti
cised for his tardiness in taking a hand in
the shaping of the measure, nobody accused
him of nerfidv.
But when he began to laud Aldrich as “a
friend of the people; w T hen he praised the
• (continued on page Twelve)
PAGE NINE