PAGE EIGHT
Olje Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. Aug. 5, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Republican Pledges Broken
Look out, President Taft! If you sign
that infamous Payne-Aldrich bill, you will
have to meet the reproaches of those who will
accuse you of breaking your word.
No candid man will claim that there has
been a genuine revision downward of the
tariff, when the rates on woolen goods are
left untouched, when cotton duties are given
an upward push, when the Tobacco and Su
gar trusts retain in full the shameful legisla
tive advantages which they have long en
joyed. A tariff revision which in answer to
the righteous demands of the pillaged con
sumers produces a tariff of 160 per cent, on
blankets, is one which is just as sure to give
its sponsors trouble as election day is certain
to come.
Not a single Trust can complain of the
Payne-Aldrich bill. The unprotected mil
lions of consumers will be hit, and hit hard.
And New England gets the lion's share, as
she has been doing ever since Alexander Ham
ilton bribed her leaders with Congressional
favors in 1789.
If Mr. Taft signs the bill which represents
what the protected interests want, — and about
which the people have been given no heaving
at aldi — he will be held responsible. It was
he who made the public pledges which caused
the people to hope for a reduction in the cost
of living.
The Payne-Aldrich bill is going to cruelly
disappoint those hopes. The people will not
be long in making the discovery that this re
vision of the tariff is a sham, and that the
new bill represents a cowardly surrender to
the trusts.
And the people will blame Mr. Taft. It
was he who gave his word, —not Aldrich, nor
Lodge, nor Payne, nor Cannon.
S ®
Two Wars
After a long and bloody struggle Great
Britain, aided by Hindustan, Canada and the
United States of North America, crushed the
South African Republics. The war had its
origin in the selfish aims of the English gold
mine companies.
Spain is plunging into a struggle of the
same kind. A few of her capitalists are in
terested in the mines of Morocco, and in the
construction of railroads. The native tribes
are intensely hostile to these foreign exploit
ers, and seek to drive them off. To sustain
them, Spain calls for troops.
But, even among the priest-ridden Span
iards, knowledge and a feeling of independ
ence is making its way, and there is a popu
lar uprising against the Moroccan war.
Men of family don’t relish the idea of go
ing into a foreign country to lay down their
lives for a lot of hungry gold-seekers. Wives
are loth to part with husbands ordered to
such a sacrifice. Mothers cannot cheerfully
yield up their sons to a contest so inglorious
and sordid.
Jeffersonian
Revolt has spread throughout Spain, much
blood has been shed —Spaniards slaying
Spaniards,—but the Moroccan war will prob
ably continue until the mining companies and
railroad syndicates get what they want.
There is something terribly wrong with
a government when tens of thousands of men,
—made by the same God and having no com
mon cause of quarrel,—can be set to shoot
each other down like dogs, in the interest of
private wealth-getting.
®] ®] g
A Louisiana Democrat Explains
Brethren, there’s life in the old land yet. A
Louisiana Congressman has actually “come
out in a piece in the papers” to explain why
he, —a rock-ribbed, unterrified Democrat, —
voted with the Republicans on the most im
portant measure that has been proposed for
several years.
It seems to be a literal, refreshing fact that
some of the citizens of Louisiana became in
terested in the new tax law which will pull
every average household for at least three
hundred dollars a year (SSO for Uncle Sam
and five times that for the Special Interests)
and they kept tab on the votes of the Louisi
ana delegation.
In that connection, we beg to express the
fervent hope that Senator McEnery will catch
what he deserves. This Democratic Senator
from Louisiana voted with the Republicans
right straight through, from start to finish,
and on every material issue. Having aided
Aldrich to frame his infamous bill, McEnery
then voted for the perfected measure, —he be
ing the only Democrat who did so. We hope
that same ambitious man of the people will
come forward in Louisiana and make a reso
lute effort to take McEnery’s political scalp.
Our immediate concern, however, is with
Judge J. T. Watkins, who represents one
of the Louisiana districts in the House.
Thank heavens, a mass meeting was held at
Homer, on June 26th, and a committee named
to write to the Judge, and ask for an expla
nation of his vote against free lumber. In his
reply to the committee the Judge says, in part:
“The Democratic platform had one plank declaring
in favor of a tariff for revenue. Another clause con
tained the statement that lumber should be be put on
the free list.
“One of these propositions was just as binding as the
otner. They selected the one which would produce
$3,000,000 in revenue for the Government without rais
ing the price of lumber one cent, and thus, to all in
tents and purposes, leaving it on the free list, as an
nounced in the platform.
“When Hon. W. J. Bryan was a member of Congress
he voted against the repeal of the tax on State banks.
Tnat was June 6, 1892.
“After this, the National Democratic Convention
was held and a plank was inserted in the platform de
claring in favor of the repeal of this tax on State
banks, which would place them on the same basis as
National banks. At the session of Congress which fol
lowed this declaration in the Democratic platform, on
oune 5, 1894, Mr. Bryan voted again against the re
peal of this law, declaring that he was not bound by
the platform.
“Mr. Bryan has three times since then been made
the standard-bearer of the Democratic party, and the
good Democrats who composed the mass meeting voted
for him as the Democratic nominee for President of the
United States, without chastising him or questioning
his Democracy.
“No pledge to the party was violated in voting for
a revenue duty on lumber.
“The Democratic platform contemplated a Demo
cratic tariff bill. Whether the Democrats or the Re
publicans won, a tariff bill was necessary. The Demo
crats lost and had to take a Republican tariff bill and
with it raise a revenue and at the same time protect
the interests of the people as best they could under the
conditions which confronted them.”
Can you beat it?
(1) Asked why he voted against the plain
est, most positive pledge in the platform, on
which he was elected to Congress last No
vember, Judge Watkins says that while the
pledge bound him to vote for free lumber it
also bound him to vote for a revenue tariff,
and therefore he felt constrained to vote
against free lumber.
Well, if that doesn’t take the rag off the
bush, I’m a Dutchman. And the Judge con
fidently expects to bamboozle his constituents
into trusting him with another term. If they
do, they will have just about such a repre
sentative as they deserve.
The fallacy of the Judge’s reasoning is
gauzy, transparent.
The platform of the Democratic party con
forms to the historic demand for a bill framed
primarily to yield a revenue to the Govern
ment, and not unholy profits to those specially
protected from foreign competition.
But, specifically, the platform demands “the
immediate repeal of the tariff duty on lum
ber, logs and timber”. The two planks are
not at all inconsistent. It is the same as
though the words were. “We promise to frame
a bill on the revenue-producing principle, but
we will not put any tariff at all on lumber,
because it is one of the prime necessaries of
life. On those articles that we do tax, we will
impose a revenue tariff, but we promise to
take all tariff duties off lumber”.
The Judge got a chance to keep this pledge,
and he broke it.
(2) Judge Watkins excuses himself for
voting against a positive platfrom pledge,
on the ground that Mr. Bryan did the same
thing fifteen years ago! The people of Lou
isiana have condoned Bryan’s offense by
voting three times for him for the Presidency,
and therefore Watkins must be sent back to
Congress—else there will be a painful hiatus,
or troublesome kink in the record. This sec
ond argument is as good as the first one was.
(3) The Judge says that the Democratic
platform contemplated a Democratic tariff
bill: the measure for which he was voting,
when he violated his pledge, was a Republican
bill, and therefore the Democratic platform
does not fit the case, nohow!
Law’s a messy! I!
This is where I get off.
❖ * *
Who Shall Say What the Law Is?
When our forefathers founded this Gov
ernment, they took care to guard against a
union of church and state. They saw what
evils such a union had brought upon the Old
World, and they wished to save the New
World from a similar experience.
France is one of the European countries
which has been grievously afflicted by clerical
meddling with political affairs; and, a few
years ago, she decided to adopt the American
policy of separation of church and state.
But the Papa and his priests did not relish
the thought of losing the ten million dollars
per year which they had so long enjoyed at
the expense of the French taxpayers. Conse
quently, Papa and all his priests began to
kick, noisily, wrath fully, persistently, fran
tically. From the clamor and furious outcry
made by Papa and his priests you’d have
thought that the French government was in
tending to drill blast holes in the Rock of
Ages and to dynamite the foundations of
Christianity.
The Vatican politicians pulled the wires,
and the first thing we knew Cardinal Gibbons
and all of his disciplined satellites were tell
ing the faithful that the French government
hated God and was making war on religion.
Gibbons knew better, but the faithful didn’t.
They only knew that the Papa was raising
Cain in Rome and France, and that Papa
wanted them to raise Cain in the United
States.
To the full extent that Cardinal Gibbons
could fire the fanaticism of the faithful, we
had Cain raised in America. Mass meetings
of wrathful Catholics in New York and
Washington and other cities denounced the
French government vehemently, and prom
ised undying support to Papa.
We saw the shameful spectacle of Vice-
President Fairbanks attending, an assemblage
in which a sister republic, whose aid was in
dispensable to the achievement of our nation-