PAGE SIX
Queen’s Row of humble cottages had long
since lost its pristine glory. Its slipshod
fronts with the dilapidated backs gave con
clusive evidence of the long and arduous usage
to which it had been devoted-; yet many a
weary toiler of the busy city welcomed gladly
the protection and comfort offered by these
homely dwellings.
Such a one was Mrs. Hudson, a poor widow,
who, with her little brood gathered around
her after the death of a. kind but thriftless
husband. His death had been the result of
exposure, brought about in his efforts to secure
wood to saw, yards to clean, or furnaces to
keep, thereby obtaining the pittance that
without his wife’s help would never have
satisfied the mouths, which, like young birds,
seemed ever to cry, 11 give, give! ’ ’
Nothing much left in the larder, Billy boy,
after giving them peoples they dinner; but
you know, they was here to pay they res
pects to the departed, so I guess we done
right to comfort they insides.”
“Well! Mother, they insides aint gwine
to help us none,” said Billy, a wizen-faced
boy of fourtee nor fifteen. “It is up to us now
to think whar bread and cheese is coming
from to fill these here mouths, and pay for the
coffin what Dad was put away in.”
“Now, boy,” said the mother, “how on
grateful! Jest hush talking that-a-way. We
got to think on our blessin’s, chile! and ’twill
shore s’prise you how much we have to be
thankful for. ’
Billy went off grumbling and muttering,
but came back after his morning’s work as
good-natured as ever, ready for his meager
dinner of bread and potatoes.
“Mother,” said he, “I has been thinkin’
’bout what you said ’bout our blessin’s. I
wanter to ask you; do you s’pose if we get to
Heaven, we will have all the good things we
want?”
“Shore, shore, boy,” spoke up Mary Jane;
“don’t you mind Mother’s reading to us outen
the Good Book ’bout the river running with
milk and honey?”
“Shuh! Mary Jane, I no ejiot; what kind
of fish could live in a river like that, and how
in commonsense, could any boat run in honey
river? Jes’ tell me that, gal. Think your
jography got a little mixed that time trying
to be smart.
“Didn’t you say that, ’Mar? Billy’s so
scornful anyhow. ’ ’
“No such, I aint scornful; but you jest
butt in, when you warn’t axed; ‘speak when
you ’re called ’. ’ ’
“Now, childrens, don’t scrap; I did read
that; but : t doesn’t mean a real river—a fishy
river; it is just a- —a —parabole; that we shall,
shore have everything that is sweet and good
for us if we can make the landing.”
“That’s jest what I thought,” said Mary
Jane; “but’twould be nice, if we could take
our bread and go set by the river and sop up
7WE HONEY RIVER
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Sy JI. G. WILSON
your honey; no cooking, no dish-washing to
bother us.”
“Bound for you! You lazy, good-for
nothin’ creator, Mary Jane! S’posen you
think the Lord got nothin’ to do ’cepin’ to
do your dish-washin’ for you,” chuckled
Billy, thinking he lied the best of his sister.
“Whar is that honey, yawls talkin’ ’bout? I
want some right now in this little hand,”
called out the thin piping voice of little Joe.
“There now! baby, we haint soppin’ yit;
when we do, you’ll shore get yourn,” replied
the sister, soothingly.
The winter passed; but Billy and Mrs.
Hudson had struggling times to provide the
necessaries for their dependent ones. There
was always a kind neighbor to help them out
of an emergency, for it was ever remembered
that Mrs. Hudson’s willing hands were always
ready to take hold when trouble came to any
of the little families.
Billy’s glasses were not always rose-hued,
and, occassionally, he was much discouraged;
but his Mother never failed to remind him of
that parabole,’ “The river that flowed with
milk and honey.”
“But, Mother, it must be a long way from
us, or our boat has slipped by, one or t’other;
for it shore takeS a long time to reach us,”
said Billy, with a despondent smile.
“Just be patient, my son:
“ ‘Let us be patient, these severe afflictions,
Not from she ground arise;
And oftentimes celestial benedictions
Assume this dark disguise.
We see but dimly through the mist and shadows
Os these cold earthly damps:
What seem to us but dark funeral tapers,
May be Heaven’s distant lamps.’
“That was Miss Aggie’s religion; my good,
old friend used to sing that to me, often and
often, when she knew I was in the low
grounds of sorrow.”
“Mother,” whispered Bill, reverently, “if
you don’t get to the Good place, none of us
needn’t to try. ”
His mother smiled at the boy, saying:
“Hope we will all get there my boy; that’s
where I'm making for, and God grant we
can make port.”
But better times were in store for Billy
and his charges. A few days after this he
was coming home for his dinner, and, as he
neared home, he notices across the street, a
crowd of little fellows gathered at their
swimming hole (as they called a deep pond
made by the back-water of the river.) He
hurried up, asking:
“What’s the matter, boys, what’s the mat
ter?”
“Why,” said several voices at once, “little
boy in the pond and can’t get out.”
“Where, where?” cried Billy.
“Over there in that deep place,” came the
answer, “Fell off’erj the bank, and, Billy,
you’ll git drowned too,”' and Mary Jane
began to bubber.
“Can’t hep your cryin’, must hep that kid
out *en that hole.”
He jerked off his coat and was soon swim
ming like a duck to the place, just in time to
see a little curly pate rise to the top of the
water. Seizing the youngster by the hair,
he was soon towing him to the bank, where
he found his mother standing, having been
attracted to the place by the screams of the
affrighted children.
“Thank God, Billy! he isn’t dead, is he?
You’re a man, every inch of you, my boy,”
said the mother, the tears streaming from
her eyes, and reaching out, she took the little
drenched fellow in her arms and run with him
to her cottage.
She soon had him stripped, rubbed down
and covered up warm in her own bed. As
soon as he revived a little she fed him some
hot soup brought in by a kind neighbor.
The physician who had been summoned, com
mended both mother and son, saying:
“You have done everything necessary,
Mrs. Hudson, and the quick attention the child
has received from Billy and yourself, no
doubt, has saved his life. I’ll administer a
little stimulant and then endeavor to find
to whom he belongs.”
The little fellow fell asleep and Mrs. Hud
son bethought herself of examining the child’s
clothing for his name.
“Yes, yes, Mother,” said Mary Jane,
“here’s a name and number in his shoe —
Frank Esmond, 1376 Berlin Place-.”
“ Billy, Billy, do you know where this place
is?” inquired his mother, anxiously.
“Guess I could find it, Ma.”
“Well, son, here’s a dime; I haven’t much
money but hs poor ma must be told that the
little fellow wasn’t drowned. I know how
I’d a-felt if he had been mine.”
Billy found his way without difficulty. The
number proved to be a beautiful place far out
in the suburbs. The man who responded to
his ring at the bell was evidently the master
of the house and inquired most kindly
“What is it, my little man?”
“Be you Mr. Esmond, sir?”
“Yes'.”
“Well, sir, your little boy is at our house.
Will you come with me, sir? He’s all right.”
“Thank God. Come in, my son, and let me
tell my wife her child is found and then we
will set off at once. William, order the car
riage,” was said to a servent standing in the
hall.
Presently a pretty woman tottered down
stairs, and, seeing Billy, she caught him
around the neck and he told his mother he
never did have such a bully hug.
“Please Ma’am,” said Billy, “will you
fetch some dry clothes for the little chap: he
fell in the witter and my breeches won’t fit
him.”
Tfae father layghed but ordered the gar-