LITE in line with what
we were thinking about
last week is the general
call of the world for
more workers in every
higher field and the need
that is beginning to be
widely felt that women
should become more ”hu-
manized ’ ’ in the future, rather than
“ovci-sexed,” as was too often the
case in the past. To accomplish this,
1’ eic must be a breaking up of the
<dd, materialistic standards and a
kindlier philosophy all around. Our
neighbors are just exactly as interest
ing as the characters in the latest
novel over which we pore, if only we
approached them in the same mental
way—appreciating the varied moods
and motives by which they are
swayed, viewing them as human souls
of tremendous importance, instead
of confining ourselves to criticism,
generally thoughtless, and frequently
harsh and unjust, of their trivial out
ward acts, and being impressed for
ever by what they have to the extinc
tion of what they are. What a vast
ly brighter place this old country
would be if we included each other in
an honest, generous well-wishing, in
stead of literally excluding everybody
from true fellowship by that sharp
outlook for flaws and cold indiffer
ence to sterling qualities, that is too
characteristic of lots of people in
their estimate of those in their imme
diate vicinity.
Rev. Anna Howard Shaw strongly
emphasizes the inestimable value to
women of the co-operative spirit that
manifests itself in organization.
There are societies of all degrees of
value, of course, but she maintains
that in our present need of the co-op
erative spirit that will eliminate for
ever narrow and bigoted views and
petty selfishness and jealousy, any
kind of club is better than none at
all. We need to come into close hu
man touch with each other as often
and through as many sources as pos
sible. We need to uproot those un
enviable attributes disrespectfully
termed womanish, in favor of a
broad, sane, normal womanliness.
Isolation is one of the greatest—
perhaps the only really great —draw-
back to country life. In nearly every
other respect, certainly of health and
beauty, it is superior to anything that
cities and towns can boast. But the
woman in the rural districts has an
impulse to visit a friend —but there
is some difficulty in the way, so the
idea is abandoned, to the loss of both
herself and her friend of a refresh
ing hour of companionship. She has
a good, timely thought, but there is
no fellow-spirit with whom to share
it then, and it is submerged in the
commonplace. She would like to write
down something she knows at first
hand of history, or art, or science—
but there is no definite purpose to
which the sketch could be applied, so
it is never evolved and perhaps a
valuable fact vanishes with her own
memory of it,
Under The Vine and Fig Tree
Conducted by Grace Kirkland
Our paper goes into many homes,
and its readers are distributed
throughout the world. We have mes
sages for each other. Nearly every
woman who reads this will say to
herself: “Some time I will make a
suggestion, or write on a topic, that
will interest the others.” Why does
she neglect it? Is it forgetfulness,
procrastination, or a timidity which
waits for some one else to make the
advance? In any case, she is clearly
forgetting the Scriptural injunction
that “if a man would have friends,
he must show himself friendly.”
Right here is away to overcome
much of the isolation that almost
overpoweringly depresses those of
you who either live far from the
towns, with few neighbors and per
haps no church or school within sev
eral miles; or who are so ‘ 4 tied
down” with home cares that you can
not go out a great deal. Here is a
means whereby you may communi
cate with thousands of sister wom
en, encouraging them and brighten-
TRANSCIZ.NCT.
Faint and far-away and wraith-like is the love of yesterday,
Born a blossom of the sunrise, in the pink and pearl of morn;
Doomed to meet the storm-cloud’s fury, ere the dew had passed away—
Ere the conquering noon-light came, to find its petals pale and torn.
Do you hold a flower blameful that its fragile chalice break
When the cup is all too heavy with the dreary drift of rain?
Nay—the frailness of perfection is the Lord’s divine mistake —
Whatso spoils His things of beauty, may not know their like again!
* * X. * * ' *
In the calm, sweet night of shadow, crept a calyx to your face,
And your smile was as the dawning, ’til it opened into bloom;
Yet the day grew grey and fitful —so the flower died apace,
Perished swiftly in the smother of the tempest’s rack and gloom.
In some retrospective gloaming, when the air is soft and cold,
And the pensive night-wind breathes upon the harp of memory,
You may share this spectral dreaming of a yesterday grown old—
And the tender, transcient budding of a love that eould-not-be!
Clara Jordan.
iSt. Joseph, Mo.
ing their lives as well as your own,
getting almost as well acquainted as
if you lived within a stone’s throw
of each other. Here is a place where
your experience and counsel will be
welcome, perhaps of incalculable val
ue. “Show yourself friendly” in
The Jeffersonian pages and friends
will spring up all around you. Lone
liness will be a thing of the past and,
as you share your best with others,
life will become fuller and richer for
you.
DIVIDE EDUCATIONAL TAX.
It is not amiss during the sweep
ing tide of reform to talk upon this
important issue. The Southern peo
ple generally do what they decide to
do, but how can we get them awak
ened and aroused from their state of
lethargy on this subject?
Long, long had the State had the
blight of Convict Lease, and yet
when dqr people become aroused
about a wrong, that impulsive and
Jeffersonian
courageous spirit which is one of the
characteristics of the native Souther
ner, makes him act and act quickly.
In 1907 our Legislature had the
Prohibition bill before it, and they
did what they wanted to do and what
they were sent to do. In 1908, while
they were not sent instructed to in
vestigate the Convict Lease system, it
was brought before them and they
changed the law some and made some
restrictions, not wholly satisfactory,
but an improvement on the old sys
tem. Now, in the name of Georgia,
and on behalf of our poor little chil
dren of the rural districts, let us
arouse ourselves and see that the tax
is so divided that the tax paid by the
negroes will be applied to their edu
cation and our tax applied to educa
tion of our white children. There
can be nothing unconstitutional in
this. We render unto the negro what
is the negro’s, and in what way do
we wrong him? We save a few good
field hands, cooks and nurses, for edu
cation does but little for them but to
spoil a servant. Have we no cause
to blush, when we know that in some
of our rural districts, school is held
but five or six months, and not half
of the children get to attend because
they have to work in the farms on
account of the vagrant negroes that
are allowed to loaf in the cities? Do
we not know that many of the country
teachers have not been farther in
arithmetic than . fractions, and yet
they are the best we can get with the
poor remuneration and long time in
paying that ? It is a shame that such
conditions exist in a State so blessed
of God, a State rich in commerce,
manufacturing, mining, farming, and
traversed by great railroads, that our
rural schools should be cut off in
length of time and proper equipment,
and supplied with inefficient teachers
when you can scarcely walk on the
streets of cities at school time for
the droves of negroes from five years
up to twenty-five on their way to
schools that we are paying to keep
up, white our poor country children
have been in the fields before light
of day. How long can this state of
affairs exist? Can we not find a
Calvin, who championed the vagrant
law and put it through, who will
make himself immortal in Georgia for
correcting this evil? Let our next
Legislature correct it and let it go
down in history as being the body
who made history for Georgia like the
Legislature that put whiskey out.
There was a time when every negro
preacher in the land announced from
his pulpit, on what side of the ques
tion that concerned the negro, our
Legislators voted, and these preach
ers and negro leaders instructed the
negroes how to vote. I can see in
this the cause for some of the weak
kneed legislators, under those circum
stances, to vote against the bill to
divide the tax of the negroes and
whites and apply it for educational
purposes respectively. This is con
stitutional. It doesn’t hurt the ne
gro, but makes a better citizen of
him. It is an incentive for him to
accumulate property, and we all know
that the negro who owns property is
a law-abiding citizen and that he is
far more desirable as a citizen than
the one who is trying to educate.
There is a greater danger yet: We
are permitting our white children in
the rural districts to grow up in ig
norance and the time will come and
is not far distant, when they will
find themselves incompetent to vote,
while the negroes are leaving no stone
unturned to educate. When this
state of affairs exists, w r hat good
will the disfranchisement law, that
we spent so much time and energy
to pass, do us, except to exempt our
poor, illiterate whites from voting,
thereby doing away with white su
premacy and taking the government
out of the hands of the pure Cau
casians and making a state of affairs
horrible to contemplate. Why not
take hold of this situation in time
and not wait till we have it thrust
upon us after irreparable harm is
done that will take years and years to
undo?
I have heard the argument put
forth, that the North would send mon
ey and do the work toward educat
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
The Musical Hit of the Season
The Champions
(MARCH)
Ctmfostd by MISS LOUISE DuBOSE, Athens, Ga.
Dedicated to the
University of Georgia
'OB Baseball Team.
PRICE TWENTY-FIVE CENTS.
All lovers of catchy music will find
“The Champions” full of vim and snap.
It is now being played by the leading
orchestras and bands throughout the
United States, Great Britain and
France.
On sale at all leading music stores.
If your dealer cannot supply, will be
sent postpaid on receipt of twenty-five
cents.
MISS LOUISE DuBOSE,
Prince Ave. Athens, Ga.
PAGE FIVE