enough to hurt. A man who was made a
member of the ancient and honorable frater
nity as Taft was, isn’t liable to be very much
of a Mason. Besides, Papa’s folks knew that
Taft was going to rehearse the story of his
friendly doings in the Philippines and of his
friendly visit to Papa himself, —therefore it
was good to have a speech from the President,
even though he is a sort of a Mason.
And Taft did not disappoint anybody. He
ambled in upon Papa’s folks, wearing his
stickiest smile, and straightway began to re
peat the story which everybody expected.
Away back yonder, generations and genera
tions ago, Catholic missionaries, fired by holy
zeal for the benighted heathen, went from Eu
rope to the Philippine Islands. No sooner had
the Christians began to convert the Filipinos
than they commenced to appropriate unto
themselves choice slices of land. This benevo
lent assimilation proceeded until pretty much
all the arable soil that the white Christians
wanted passed out of the ownership of their
colored brethren. The process by which con
verts are ‘"over-persuaded” to give their stuff
to white Christians is so uniform and familiar
that it need not be dwelt on here. Suffice it to
say, that in the Philippines the missionaries
became landlords and the colored converts be
came tenants. In course of time, the situation
grew unbearable, and the converts revolted.
The Aguinaldo uprising was really a rebel
lion against the greedy and tyrannical Cath
olic hierarchy.
You doubtless remember how the McKinley
administration joined hands with Aguinaldo,
accepted his aid as an ally and then, after
Spain had been whipped, broke faith with
Aguinaldo, made war upon him, and finally
took him prisoner by as base an act of treach
ery as was practised on Osceola, the heroic
and magnificent Seminole.
After Uncle Sam had crushed his former
allies, and had settled down as master of the
Islands, up came the question of adjusting
matters between the natives and the white
Christians, who had taken so much of their
land. The genial Taft was equal to the oc
casion. He bought out the claims of Papa’s
folks, paying them seven million dollars for
property which was not honestly and morally
theirs.
And how did Taft get the money which he
gave to Papa’s folks?
He got it by mortgaging the whole Island
country with a bond issue. In other words, he
bought back the land of the Filipinos by pay
ing Filipino money for it. If the untutored
Islanders realized that their land was being
mortgaged to raise the money which released
the Catholic claims, they were unable to help
themselves.
In his speech to the Washington assem
blage, Mr. Taft told all about how nicely he
had settled these matters, and how he had, in
person, gone to Rome to have a private talk
it-over with Papa Leo.
Referring to this, Mr. Taft declared that
had any administration fifty years ago dealt
with the Catholics as he and Mr. Roosevelt
had done, “it would have sunk the adminis
tration.”
He told the truth that time! Fifty years
ago, no President would have ventured upon
the course of favoritism which won for Roose
velt and Taft the political support of the
Catholic hierarchy in the national election of
1908.
No wonder Papa’s folks love Taft: they’ve
got the $7,000,000 and expect other good
things. And the Filipinos also love Taft:
they’ve got their land, and they don’t yet
know that Taft bought it back with their own
money!
’Tis a great world.
[8 13 51
Lunacy in Foreign Missions
Our Methodiet brethren pulled the people
for upwards of $2,600 last year to support the
3effersonlan
Nashville paper, Forward.” In the an
nual Report of the Conference, every parson
is urged and directed to push the circulation
of “tro For war d.” The purpose for which our
Methodist friends have established this paper
is to whoop-up the faithful on the subject of
foreign missions. Apparently, “6ro For
ward"' has no other object in life than to per
sistently pump the wealth out of this country
into foreign lands. Therefore, each issue of
the paper is supplied with letters from abroad.
Missionaries in distant fields write encourag
ing reports of the good work which they are
doing, and thus the home-folks are stimulated
into sending to China and Korea and Japan
the money that could be much more wisely
employed in these United States.
For instance, “Go Forward” had a letter
from J. Arthur Thompson, of Songdo, Korea,
in its April number. Brother Thompson
wrote about meeting a Korean boy, an or
phan, who asked the missionaries to adopt
him. Says Brother Thompson:
“Boys like the one mentioned above can be
kept in school for twenty-five dollars a year.
This will feed, clothe, and furnish books for
those who are bright, good students, but who
are too poor to do anything on their own ac
count. Their parents, being hardly able to
spare them from work, cannot do anything
toward taking care of them away from home.
We need the main building first, and will need
the industrial shops soon after in order to
give a place where each boy can work his way
if necessary. Above or along with buildings
we also need badly men who will put heart,
life, and mental activity into the men of the
new Korea.”
Now if this kind of thing is not enough to
put the average Methodist to doing some
thinking on his own hook, nothing will.
Within a hundred miles of where “Go For
ward” is published there are probably a thou
sand white boys whose parents are too poor
to send them to school, and who will grow up
in all the ignorance and squalor which has
been handed down to them from their ances
tors. In every Southern State can be found
thousands of white boys who need just such
openings as Brother Thompson wants the M.
E. Church South to give to the yellow boys of
Korea. At the Reinhart College and at the
Martha Berry School, twenty-five dollars will
do as much for our own poor boys as that sum
will do for the Korean boys. How, in the
name of common sense, can the Southern
people be expected to board and clothe and
educate and industrially train the poor chil
dren of heathendom, when they are unable to
do their duty by their own boys and girls?
The policy to which such papers as “Go
Forward” is striving to commit the people is
so unnatural that it shocks our ideas of duty,
of charity, of sane benevolence.
Until our people have established Waleska
schools and Reinhart colleges and Martha
Berry and Emma Perry schools, sufficient to
offer opportunities to every white boy and
girl in the South, IF A DO WRONG to tax
our people with the expense of maintaining
such institutions abroad.
To feed, clothe and educate Hindu, Chi
nese and Korean children —leaving hundreds
of thousands of our own sunk in poverty and
ignorance that too often dooms them to lives
of vice and crime—is a sin and a shame.
The Baptists, the Methodists, and the Pres
byterians are spending big money to support
such missionary trumpeters as “Go Forward.”
The same money devoted to self-help schools,
would go far toward wiping out the disgrace
ful illiteracy of the South.
John Wesley held that the heathen who
lived according to the best light he had would
go to heaven, just as we Christians hope to
do. The modern parsons seem to have aban
doned the Wesley doctrine. They are now
acting upon the theory that unless we catch
the heathen as soon as he leaves the cradle,
and feed him, clothe him, educate him, teach
him a trade, drill him in the English lan-
guage, and station him close to the pay-roll,
he is bound to go to hell.
» x »
Mr. Watson Not to Speak at
Horse Shoe Bend
It appears from our private correspondence,
and from notices in certain papers, that Mr.
Watson is advertised to speak at the ap
proaching celebration at Horse Shoe Bend.
As a matter of fact, Mr. Watson has not
even been invited to speak upon that occasion,
and is under no engagement to do so. He has
no lecture dates or speaking dates in the near
future at all.
As we have frequently warned our friends,
they need not believe any report that he is to
speak at any place unless they see a notice of
it in the Jeffersonian.
IS ® [S]
The Poor Plutocrats
Under this name the Hungarian novelist,
Maurice Jokai, wrote a very good story about
a rich and unhappy family.
A book still more interesting might be writ
ten about the Goulds, the Vanderbilts and the
Lorillards, to say nothing of less conspicuous
American millionaries.
Just now, the papers are full of the divorce
case which Howard Gould’s wife has brought
against him. It will be remembered that
Howard married a big, well-made, fine-look
ing girl that used to dress herself like a West
ern cowboy, and ride astraddle one of the
ponies in Buffalo Bill’s Wild West Show.
Soon after Howard married this lady, with
whom Buffalo William was said to be on the
friendliest terms, old Col. Mann, of “Town
Topics,” applied to Howard for a loan of
SIO,OOO. He got it. Col. Mann is the person
who was shown up in the Collier libel suit as
a black-mailer. What he knew against How
ard, or the cow-boy wife, will hardly come to
light in the present divorce case, for if it was
something salacious against Howard he won't
tell, and if it was something scandalous
against his wife, he tell, for his subse
quent living with her amounts to condonation
and estoppel.
Col. Mann got the SIO,OOO so easily that he
Oliver Twisted, and wanted more, but How
ard took the studs and wouldn’t budge an
inch.
In her testimony from day to day, Mrs.
Howard Gould is giving the world a vivid
picture of the Smart Set manner of life.
Boiled down to its essence, it seems to be a
gilded slavery, sunk in sensuality and sin.
According to Mrs. Howard Gould, a lady
member of the Smart Set must spend pretty
much the whole of her time between the dress
ing room and the parade-ground. She has to
have two maids to help her in her continual
undressing and re-dressing; and she no soon
er comes out upon the beach, or the hotel ve
randah, or the race-course, —so that the wom
en may envy and the men admire her gown,
her diamonds, her stockings, her shoes, her
fan, her umbrella and all the rest of it —than
she must hurry back to her room, completely
undress, and completely change her attire, in
clusive of stockings, shoes and umbrella, in
readiness for the next exhibition.
Is it any marvel that such a Smart Set is
putrid? Is it strange that the men and the
women who pass their lives in dressing, eat
ing, sleeping, and hunting pleasure, should
nauseate the world with their scandals?
Mr. Howard Gould says that his wife is a
drunkard, and names two men besides Beefalo
Bull who were too utterly intimate with her.
Byway of retort, Mrs. Howard Gould swears
that her husband urged her to sue him for a
divorce and kindly volunteered to furnish the
evidence to prove that he was the favored
cavalier of certain other “ladies.”
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE