I MAGNETIC SHIELDSI
I CURE DISEASE 1
I THEY MAKE THE BLOOD CIRCULATE—THEY GIVE HEALTH AND STRENGTH I
I WE PROVE ITTO YOU MM THE PROOF IS FREE I
You do not have to take our word for it. We We want to advise you free of cnarge and give
furnish you ah the evidence you want. We prove y<>u all the proof and evidence, and then let you B
it not only in fifty or a hundred cases, but in thou- judge for yourself whether you want Magnetic
sands upon thousands of cases, where Magnetic Shields to strengthen your circulation and assist
Shields have cured Paralysis, Kidney Disease, Nature in curing your disease, or not. We will I
Stomach Trouble, Liver and Bowel Trouble, Dia- not urge you to buy Magnetic Shields. We simply
betes, Heart Disease, Spinal Disease, Rheumatism, HK-want to give you the facts and then let you use
Fits, Weak Circulation, Delusions. Melancholia, y° ur own judgment. If medicine has failed to
Nervous Diseases, and hundreds of other troubles cure your trouble, give Nature a chance. Put
I that medicine had failed to cure. Magnetic forde into your system and let Nature
All we ask is for you to send us full description build up and repair damage through the circulation,
of your case, and we will write you and advise you as Nature repairs damage this way and in no
fully all about it, telling what can be done and other way. The blood is the life of the body, and
B how it can be done. Magnetism is the life of the blood.
Investigate our claims-it means Health and Hardeni of the Liver Complicated with Severe I
■ strength lor you. It is a <luty_ you owe yoursell. 1 Stomach Trouble-Completely cured and *
and n costs yon nothing to make a thorough m- Forty-three Pounds of Flesh
<|inrv and investigation. ()ur book, ''A PLAIN Put on in Six Months
■ K(.)AI) It) lIb.ALI li. is FREE to all who send riiAcnEit magnetic shield co., cuiengo. in. $
statements of their cases. Gentlemen: I feel that 1 have a duty to discharge In
"iving my experience with the use of your Magnetic Shields for
Serious Complication of Lung, Stomach and Kidney ,he <-ure °f a most serious complication of stomach and Liver
Trouble. A Marvelous Chicago Recovery K- trouble, that very nearly proved fatal to me. filing tHat. tiio
° y cure In my case should be classed as simply WONDERFIiL.
B DR. TIIACHER, J While traveling on the road as whoesale dry goods sales-
Dear Sir: It gives me great pleasure to testify to the per- : man, I was taken seriously ill with a terrible distress in the pit
feet cure I have gained by using your wonderful Shields. of my stomach. 1 employed the most skillful medical talent
After suffering fifteen years with stomach troubles, although f°i‘ about two years, and under the best treatment in this line, Ass
doctoring the greater part of the time. 1 kept getting worse, continued to grow worse, until the physicians considered by
ui il I was the victim of a severe coniplication of stomach and trouble an incurable case, and did not anticipate I would live
B kiiiney trouble, which a year and a half ago all seemed to go to more than three months. My former weight had been 190 to
B my lungs. Had dreadful pains, lost my appetite, could not 195 Pounds, and 1 was reduced to a living skeleton, my color
sleep, became so very weak I could hardly walk across the •' being a dirty yellow, and having a general mummified appear-
Hom-, ami not able to do my work. At times, when my pains MMBBBBafc- ance. Fortunately, at this time, about rhe Ist of December, I &&
were not so severe. 1 would tr \ to read, but could not for more luel !l gentleman who had been cured by using your Magnetic
than live minutes at a time, as I was very nervous. My family Shields, and on his recommendation purchased the Shields and
and friends thought I could not live another month." 1 was : wore them faithfully. In thirty days I had gained ten pounds
gelling tired of taking medicine. Nothing helped me. 1 hap- * n ' V(? ight< and by the Ist of July 1 hail gained forty-three
pened to see your advertisement in the paper which read. pounds and weighed 170 pounds.
“Magnetism Cures ’Without Medicine.” I thought, “While I too j- no me ai C ine whatever after applying the shields, and
there is life there is hope.” So just one year ago today 1 put have not had a sick day since, nor even an ache or a pain, and
on your wonderful Magnetic Vest, Leggings and Insoles. The eat and digest any and all food my appetite may crave. I am
result was a miracle, for in two days -I felt relieved; in a week, very much better; now past seventy years of age and enjoy as good general health as when a boy of
B bi three weeks, entirely cured. ten. My case has attracted great attention here in Danville, where 1 am well
Words can not express how thankful lam to you for your kind advice; also known.
f °r the treatment, to which I owe my life. May you live long for suffering hu- My confidence in Magnetic Shields is so great that I recommend them to every
inanity’s sake. May your great and sure cure be known a great deal better than person who is not enjoying perfect health, and you have my permission to refer
MRS. O. RAY. Very truly yours, JO,S. R. PATTON,
654 Hirsch St., Chicago, 111. . Danville, Pa.
I We Make Shields for Every Part of the Body for Treating I
B Every Form of Disease ■
The accompanying cut shows how the Lung Shield, Belt and Lower Leggings fill the trunk of the body and the vital organs and
also the lower extremities with powerful Magnetic currents, that give new life and energy to the nerve system and improve the circula
tion from head to foot. This set of shields contains over 850 powerful Magnetic storage batteries, which are GUARANTEED TO
RETAIN THEIR POWER and constantly radiate their Magnetic force into the system. We make shields for men, women and children, «
all described in our new book, “A PLAIN ROAD TO HEALTH,” free to all who send description of their cases.
B POSITIVE PROOF ON YOUR OWN BODY ■
If you are skeptical and must see with your own eyes on your own body
I TRY THESE THEY WILL I
I FOOT BATTERIES pggßj CONVINCE YOU I
B They will convince the most doubting skeptic that Magnetic Shields make the blood circulate. They speak for themselves in ways more
convincing than any argument in words that we could use. They are a mere drop in the ocean compared with the larger shields worn
on the trunk of the body, but
B THEY DO CONVINCE. TRY THEM ■
They make the blood circulate in the extremities. They can be used on any part of the body to test their power. They are good
for Rheumatism, Cold Feet, Cramps, Poor Circulation in the Extremities, and all forms of weaknesses in the feet and limbs. They insulate
the body against the cold, damp earth, and are worth their weight in gold to any sufferer.’ Get a pair today. They are worn comfortably
in any shoes. The Single Power are SI.OO a pair, or three pairs for $2.00, postage paid. Send size of shoe when ordering FOOT BAT
TERIES. Send a description of your case for free advice, and much valuable information on the subject of Magnetism. -O
I THACHER MAGNETIC SHIELD CO., Ing, 2 Sin 9^ h Av '- I
* ’