had to stop often to coal up. There
were not enough colliers to carry a
supply. The coal expense alone was
ver $600,000. Had any foreign
power seen fit to have declared war
200,000 troops could have been land
ed on the Atlantic coast long before
the fleet could have returned from
the Pacific.
There are two main reasons why
the United States has so few mer
chant vessels. First, they are not
much needed. Foreign vessels bring
in all the imports the people are able
to buy and carry off exports of raw
material. If the contracts of carry
ing the foreign mails were given to
foreign steamers, the government
would save one-third of the expense
entailed. The other reason is, that
all ship-building material—lumber,
steel, lead, oil, etc., —is under con
trol of trusts who demand so much
for it that ships can be bought in
foreign markets at about two-thirds
of what they cost to be built at home.
What advantage is it to the pro
ducers of this country if their out
put runs up into the billions of dol
lars when middlemen, Northern and
foreign manufacturers pocket a dou
ble profit in buying and selling? The
northeast section of this country has
a soft thing of it doing the manufac
turing and banking for the South
and West. The manufacturers, bank
ers and railroads sit around like so
many tom cats ready to snap up each
mouse of a crop that shows its nose.
According to the authority of one
who seems to be well posted, Mr.
Gladstone, one of England's wisest
statesmen, said that the trade and
wealth of the world between the
years 1800 and 18 70 doubled that
of the preceding 1800 years. This
being true, it is easy to reckon that
the trade and wealth since 18 70 has
increased in pretty rapid progres
sion.
This is owing to natural results—
increase of population, etc., —also to
the rapid and ready means by which
all parts of the habitable globe can
be communicated with —steam and
electricity, but chiefly to the intro
duction of cotton as a means by
which any part of earth can be made
comfortably habitable. I might say
that as a factor in the world’s affairs,
cotton is equal in importance to all
other commodities combined. It has
piled up factories in New England,
in some of the leading countries of
Europe, and also in Japan, pro-rata
of the increase of railroad mileage
and the number of steamers that ply
the rivers and cover the oceans is
not small. Nor does its progress
cease w r hen the railroads and steam
ers reach their ends, but all sorts of
conveyances carry it to the utmost
parts of the earth. It furnishes em
ployment to millions of the poor. It
fills the coffers of the manufactur
ers, bankers and railroad kings. It
is one of the chief props to some gov
ernments that might be mentioned.
Three-fourths of the wealth and
prosperity of some nations is based
on cotton. Withdraw cotton and the
boasted prosperity of some of them
would collapse like a bursted bal
loon. If the conceit of the Japs ever
prompted them to raise a row with
the United States, the act of cutting
off cotton from them would have
more effect in shutting their mouths
than would the grandest fleet that
ever was pictured to thejmagination
of R. P. Hobson.
As an evidence that foreigners
want cotton, in 1908, of 1,889 steam
ers that carried of raw cotton from
Southern ports across the Atlantic,
only 68 of them w r ere American ves
sels. Raw cotton is the most im
portant export of the United States,
and the most important import of the
leading countries of Europe.
The Southern States raise nearly
or quite 13,000,000 bales of cotton.
Os this Europe and Japan get be
tween eight and ten million bales.
The manufacturers of New England
make up over 2,000,000 bales. By
means of their ingenuity in fixing
up shoddy imitations and by aid of
the tariff in being allowed to fix their
own prices, the Yankees make as
much net profit on 2,000,000 bales as
the foreigners can make on 8,000,-
000. Something over 1,000,000 bales
is made up in the South. Os the
capital invested in Southern mills
from 75 to 80 per cent, is owned by
Yankies and foreigners. Os the
stock of these Southern factories,
only five of them is quoted below
par. The balance range from 3 to
100 per cent, above par. They are
worth something to those foreigners
who own stock in them, but to the
Southern farmer, and the South gen
erally, mills run with foreign capi
tal are no advantage whatever. They
do not help the price of cotton or
lower the price of cotton goods. The
Coats Thread Company in Florida
raise part of their own cotton—buy
the balance out of the field —as they
own their own ginneries—and yet
that concern was the first to boost
the price of spool thread and keep
it boosted. The factories of Georgia
and Carolina will not sell their goods
to Southern retailers. It must first
go through the hands of New York
dealers.
I started out -with the statement
that it is the general policy of the
Europeans and Japs to retain the
natural products of their own coun
tries and the territories that they
control—also to collect all raw ma
terial in w’hich there is any profit,
manufacture these at home and ex
port the finished products abroad.
Some of those countries, with the
fewest possible natural advantages,
have by enterprise and business
sense put themselves in pretty fair
shape. They have had the half-civil
ized sections of the •world and the
pine forests and cotton fields of the
South to draw upon, and they do not
want anything better. If any of
them owned territory where they
would have exclusive control of the
growth of cotton, not many bales
of it would find their way to any but
theii* own factories. They would sell
the balance of the world cotton goods.
If all the wise heads of New Eng
land, Europe and Japan had got to
gether to devise a scheme by which
they could get rich at the expense of
some other section of country, they
could not have formulated a better
method than that which the farmers
of the Southern States have been
following for the last 40 or 50 years
—buying meat, corn, hay, fertilizer,
etc., on a credit, and working them
selves, their wives and children to
death raising cheap cotton. All the
efforts they make, and plans they
devise, seem to tend toward raising
cheap cotton.
C>be Jeffersonian
$4.50 for $2.50
Cosmopolitan Magazins, 1 year - - - - $1.50
Success Magazine, 1 year ------ 1.00
Watron’s Jeffersonian Magazine, 1 year - - 1.00
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, 1 year - 1.00
RSO
11 J 1 - 1 — . - J. ■■ _■!. . I-JILI LJJIIiB.- > U II <»■■! I -IM »», SStaMM
ALL FOR $2.50
THIS OFFER IS GOOD FOR ONLY 30 DAYS
THE JEFFERSONIANS SZ
wpwii „ j m..n jwrr'.M » «MHMii«Mnwu<wrTnTTiiiiiTU-i m jn_-. il.ti— u mhiij-hi-u -nwr j-luwmliljj.jwmlh Mu~.iJwiiujurz-.-jr
KNIFE ER EE
IPTioto of Tiros. E. Watson
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly sub
scription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine we will mail a handsome, two-bladed knife,
with a transparent handle containing the latest photograph of the
lion. Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of the very
finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of German silver, the lin
ings of plate brass, all beautifully finished. The photograph of Mr.
Watson is life-like; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
and leader. To get the knife you must ask for it when you send the
money—not afterwards.
THIS OFFER IS GOOD FOR THIRTY DAYS
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
5 ■ —’ —*—■ ~ -—■■ -i- : ■ '"T~ ■'.-r-- . r r-
§20,000 Larchmont Farm
INCORPORATED
West Camp, N, Y., (on the Hudson)
200 Shares Full Paid Par SIOO Non-Assessable
The Larchmont Farm (inc.) is a corporation organized under
the New York state laws, its object being to raise puoltry products
and fruit for high-class trade.
This company owns 100 acres of cultivated land at West Camp
on-the-Hudson, having a frontage of about 3,000 feet on the Hud
son River. The location is an ideal one, as the Catskill Mountains
are on the west, ten miles distant; on the east the Hudson River,
and north and south the beautiful Hudson Valley. Facilities for
shipping are unexcelled. There is a steamboat landing very near
the property and goods shipped by boat from the farm at night reach
New York City the next morning. Freight rates are very low. The
West Shore R. R. station is a few yards fro mthe farm, and ship
ments may be made by express to New York in 3 1-2 hours.
The location of the land is in a portion of the Hudson Valley
that is rapidly increasing as a residential section.
For poultry raising and fruit growing the land is unexcelled.
It is well drained, sloping gently to the east and south to a stream
supplied by never-failing springs of pure cold water. The soil is
rich and adapted to fruit growing. A large acreage consists of wood
land, with considerable cedar, which will be invaluable for building
purposes.
In the fruit and poultry business there is a constant demand
which must be met, and with the facilities to be had at Larchmont
Farm it will be only a question of how great will be the production
and how large the profits.
Every dollar invested in this company is amply secured by de
sirable real estate increasing each year in value.
Low capitalization secured by real estate, fertile land, good
management, with an ever increasing market, make this a most de
sirable investment.
Officers of the company receive no salary until stock earns 24
per cent.—or 2 per cent, monthly.
Dividends are now being earned and we believe a distribution of
from 10 to 25 percent. will be paid the first few years, showing in
creasing profits each year.
Having sold a portion of this stock, the remainder is now of
fered for sale at par SIOO a share.
For prospectus and full information flil out and mail this coupon.
I, 1 — - TTT7- 1 .-.—- -.. 1
LARCHMONT FARM (INC.),
Box H, West Camp, Ulster Co., N. Y.:
Please send prospectus to —
Name
Address
PAGE FIFTEEN