PAGE EIGHT
Cl)e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907. as second ciass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. k Oct. 28, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
“Long Live Modern Schools"
These were the last words of the school
teacher, Ferrer, who was shot by the Spanish
authorities, at Barcelona, last week.
What was the real cause of this man’s con
demnation and death?
He had established in Spain an academy,
similar to our secular schools, and the Cath
olic priests determined that he should die.
The spirit which inspired the murder was
the same as that which sent assassins to kill
AVilliam the Silent, of Holland; the same as
that which actuated the Duke of Alva, Tor
quemada, and Tilly; the same as that which
caused the butcheries of the Albigensian Cru
sade, the Massacres of Vassy and St. Barthol
omew ; the same as that which drove the Hu
guenots out of France, tortured Galileo, burnt
Bruno, Huss, Jerome and Savonarola, and
killed tens of thousands of Protestants by
tortures too devilish to describe.
Ferrer was a liberal and an independent, a
rebel against evil conditions. He has paid
the usual penalty. He will have died to good
purpose if, in Europe and America, the duped
millions read aright the lesson of his sacrifice.
The Catholic hierarchy is sworn to perse
cution. The priest is a perjured man, if he
does not preach and practise intolerance. He
is the deadly enemy of the secular school.
He is a bitter foe to mental freedom and inde
pendence. Modern peoples have advanced in
proportion to their revolt against priestly
control. Those nations that are the most
backward, are those where the priest still
rules. In Spain, as in Portugal, modern ideas
are endeavoring to secure foothold. In both
countries, the priest and his dupes are mak
ing a desperate resistance.
The democratic movement in Portugal was
bloodily, savagely suppressed. That in Spain
is sharing the same fate. It remains to be
seen whether little Alfonso has not gone too
far in having Ferrer shot. In signing one
death-warrant, he may have made certain of
two. His own murder may follow that of
the school-teacher. All Europe seems to be
in a violent ferment, and there is no telling
what may happen.
In the meantime, our fat and fatuous Pres
ident is frolicking all over the continent, feast
ing merrily, preaching unlimited toleration;
while the Catholic bishops are raiding our
secular school funds to support their secta
rian schools, and instructing their dupes to
boycott our secular schools and colleges.
The daily papers of the cities dare not say
a word byway or protest. They know that
they would lose subscribers and advertising.
The bishops see to that. The deadly and
cowardly boycott is the effective weapon of
the modern inquisition. The newspapers and
Protestant preachers are afraid of it.
Even Hearst and Brisbane, who have been
so timidly cautious concerning the Catholic
church, have got themselves into hot water,
by alluding to the Barcelona rebels and pa
triots in a friendly way. The priest touched
Jeffersonian
the button, and the Catholic papers have
been denouncing Brisbane vehemently.
The Catholics of New York, U. S. A., will
not even allow an expression of sympathy for
the Spanish rebels, who are trying to do ex
actly what our own forefathers did! Isn’t it
marvelous that the Pope’s lieutenants can
so enchain the minds of American citizens?
Certain men in Spain—fired by the zeal for
popular self-government that inspired the
tongue of Henry and the pen of Jefferson—■
are endeavoring to put an end to the tyranny
of Church and King! And the Catholic pa
pers, of our own country, are bitterly de
nouncing Arthur Brisbane for the heinous
crime of referring to the Spanish rebels in a
friendly way!
And the worst of it is, that Hearst has
probably instructed Brisbane to “go and sin
no more.” Arthur must not dare to repeat the
shocking offense of alluding sympathetically
to the Spanish patriots, who are imitating
the Boston Tea-party pirates, the criminals
who destroyed the Gaspee, the anarchists who
tarred and feathered stamp-sellers, the insur
gents who pulled down the leaden
of King George and melted it for bullets, the
monsters who pitilessly slaughtered the in
flexible American citizen for his refusal to
join in the rebellion against royal authority.
Our histories glorify these furious patriots
of our War of Independence; but if one of
our editors now speaks approvingly of the
Spanish rebels who are trying to imitate the
example of the patriots of 1776, the American
Catholics denounce the editor!
If such a thing had been predicted twenty
years ago, no one would have believed it.
IS ®j g]
Duty of Ministers and Ambas
sadors
During the discussion of the sudden recall
and dismissal of Charles R. Crane, appointed
minister to China, a startling disclosure was
made.
One of the duties which he was to dis
charge, it was said, was to give American
capitalists information as to investments in
China. The American minister was to keep
himself well-posted on such matters, and was
to advise American financiers where they
could most safely and profitably put their
money.
In other words, our minister to China was
to act as agent abroad for such Wall Streeters
as Morgan, Ryan, Schiff, etc.
So! The Wall Street gang of voracious
pirates which has packed the Cabinet, dic
tated to Congress, have demanded that am
bassadors and ministers shall use their official
positions for the private profit of the Ameri
can capitalists.
And the demand has been granted. In fact,
Morgan secured the appointment of one of
his own men as ambassador to France; and
he made use of Reid, ambassador to Great
Britain, to get a share of that Chinese loan.
® IS IS]
Tell Your Socialist Neighbor
About This
It was easy to tell what Prohibitionists and
Populists stand for, because neither of these
movements sought to overthrow the existing
order and substitute a new one. The plat
forms of these parties were the yardsticks
to take their measure, for those platforms
merely enumerated the changes 'which were
demanded of the government. We did not
have any war to make on the republican
form of government, nor upon the existing
social fabric. IJVf SOUGHT TO DRIVE
ABUSE S O UT. Our pla t f orm simply
named the evils and proposed the remedies.
We wanted to cure the sick man, not to kill
him.
But Socialism says that the way to save
society and make everything lovely is to abol
ish government, destroy the State, do away
with laws and courts, substitute free-love for
the formal, lifelong, one-wife marriage sys
tem. Crime will disappear, they claim, be
cause there will be no private property to fuss
over or steal. (As all crimes originated in
property! Don’t we know that men commit
more crimes because of women and because of
personal and racial antagonisms than about
property? How can Socialism prevent two
men from desiring the same mate ? And how
can Socialism reconcile the Tiltons to the
Beechers? the Harry Thaws to the Stanford
Whites? The insults or offensive conduct
which cause so many fights, stabbings and
shootings rarely have any relation to prop
erty.)
But Socialism not only claims that crime
will disappear under their new order, but
that religion will die out.
Os course, when every wife and child has
to look to Society for a support, instead of to
the husband and father, the home disappears
too. The private house, the sacred home, the
interdependent family, the head of that fam
ily who owes well-defined duties to its every
member and who is responsible to the State
for its right-living, has ever been the flower
of Celt-Teutonic civilization. Socialism de
clares war upon it, contending that our mar
riage system was the device of the capitalist
to perpetuate his fortune.
Now, the Socialists who are deceiving and
recruiting among dissatisfied Pops, Demo
crats and Republicans, indignantly deny this.
They claim that I am misrepresenting them.
They say, “You will not find anything like
that in our platform.”
But can you discover anywhere in the Re
publican platform an admission that the Re
publicans run the government in the interest
of the plutocrats? Do you see anything in
Taft’s speeches to the effect that he" is allow
ing the pirate-crew to guide the ship? But
they are doing it, are they not? What is
Taft’s cabinet but a pack of corporation law
yers, hunting game for the Trusts? But
you’d look in vain in the Republican plat
form for any hint of these things.
Turn to the Democratic platform—did it
ever contain a line which “gave away” the
real designs of the Belmonts, Ryans, Whit
neys, Dukes and Crokers?
It was the Democratic Congress which Mr.
Cleveland had on his hands that gave the
T obacco Trust the law which eventually led
to night-riding. Senator Gorman, of Mary
land, fixed the law for the Trust, AND
WHEN THE OLD RASCAL DIED HIS
HUGE FORTUNE WAN FOUND TO
CONSIST, IN PART, OF STOCK IN THE
TOBACCO TRUST.
Is there a single word in the Democratic
platform which would lead you to suspect
that when the other twin came into power
they would imitate the Republicans in accept
ing bribes from favor-seeking trusts?
So, then, when Socialists ask us to judge
them by their platform, each of us should
say, “Excuse me!” We have learned that
platforms don’t always tell the truth, the
whole truth and nothing but the truth. Sad
experience has taught us that they are some
times built to deceive.
And that is true of the platform of the
American Socialists. They have not yet dared
to let the cat out of the bag—save in the big
cities. They’ve got their trump cards hid up
their sleeves.
Now permit me to suggest a plan by which
you can prove to your own satisfaction that I
have not misrepresented the apostles of this
nasty European mess.
The Appeal to Reason is the Socialist paper
which has the largest circulation of any po
litical paper in this country. It is accepted
authority on what Socialism means. It is
published at Girard, Kansas.
Ask your Socialist neighbor to write to the
Appeal and request, for the good of the cause,