device invented since I dared him to produce
t..e affidavits of Elsie’s people.
Poor child! Poor innocent, inexperienced,
misguided child! Without knowing of her
danger, she went blindly into it— the mis
sionaries knowing what might be her fate.
THEY KNEW WHAT TRAGEDIES
WERE RESULTING FROM THAT SYS
TEM. THEY HAD SEEN THE BLIGHT
ED LIVES AND RUINED HOMES. The
Rev. McArthur said that he had known of it:
Rev. Asa Blackburn had known of it: Helen
Clarke and Florence Todd knew of it. Dr.
Paul Wakefield declared that “WE MIS
SIONARIES HAVE LONG KNOWN lU\
But they kept it from the public. They
concealed it from the inexperienced girls.
WITH THE RUTHLESSNESS OF'FA
NATICISM. THEY KEPT FEEDING
THE FIRING-LINE WITH FRESH
GIRLS. “Win souls for Christ”! was the
slogan which hypnotized the girls— and sent
many a once pure soul to Hell.
Poor Elsie! Grand-daughter of one of the
famous commanders in the Civil War, she
was over-persuaded, made to feel that Christ
wanted her to “win souls” for Him in China
town. Slant-eyed demons pretended to be her
“converts”—and the poor young woman paid
with honor, her life and her soul’s salvation,
the price of her awful mistake.
But the meanest thing about it is, that the
missionaries now disclaim her! No one did
it, at first. The New York preachers who
talked last June; the mission ladies who were
interviewed; Paul Wakefield in his lectures—
they all referred to her as the young mission
ary; and Wakefield had the imprudence to
admit that “we missionaries were NOT AT
ALL SURPRISED at Elsie Siegel? s tragic
fate”. Why not? Because he had long known
of the perils and the tragedies of the system.
Great God! what an infamous disclosure!
Dr. John N. Taylor, of Crawfordville, In
diana, sent me the clipping, containing the re
port of Wakefield’s lecture. He realized, as
I did, the horrible nature of that confession,
and sent it for mv use.
“IJ77AY WE MISSIONARIES CON
CEALED”, was the title of my editorial on
the subject; and when it went abroad, the
mission-crazed brethren felt the effect.
To escape it, they began to say that Elsie
was not a missionary. But what about the
other girls mentioned by Dr. Blackburn and
Dr. W akefield? They were not speaking of
volunteers, but of authorized missionaries.
Dr. Blackburn told the reporter of the New
York World that a whole page in that large
paper could be filled with such cases. What
cases? Cases similar to Elsie Siegel’s—cases
where unsullied, unsuspecting white girl mis
sionary workers had come to ruin at the hands
of her “converts”.
“We missionaries” knew it, had long known
it, and had never warned the girls whom we
were sending into that Hell-trap.
The white slave traffic held no secret more
terrible than this!
No wonder the fanatics, and those who are
getting good money out of the system, furi
ously resent my searchlight. No wonder they
are trying to get away from the frightful
facts by denunciation of Watson, and by pre
tending that he has slandered the ladies of
the missions.
It won’t do, Brethren! You can’t hire
enough Ellises to break me down. I laugh
such childish tactics to scorn.
You have gone wild on this business, and
the people are becoming aroused. You can
slander me to emotional audiences in churches
and tabernacles, where people are in the habit
of believing everything that falls from the
sacred desk.
But the inevitable “next day” comes. Peo
ple want to know whether I said and did all
those bad things charged against me. They
inquire, they read, and learn that you fooled
them.
And then you lose ground. You ought to
©be 3ftfftrsonian
lose it. You are not treating your own peo
ple right, and they are beginning to find you
out. The people know that I have no selfish
motive whatever to prompt me to attack you.
They know that it would be to my personal
advantage to approve your methods, as
Bryan, Roosevelt, and Taft have done. As
soon as Roosevelt, Bryan and Fairbanks
reach home again, you will doubtless get an
other glad, resounding (). K. from all of
them.
Missionary, sectarian editor, salaried secre
tary, honest zealot, time-serving politician,
soft-snap .hunter, a daily press that dares not
call its soul its own, custom, organization, the
ignorance and docility of priest-ridden con
gregations—these are the foes whom I have
enraged.
Would I go up against such a host, if my
conscience were not on my side?
Lookout, Georgia Voters!
Aly Kind Friend:—l saw in The Jeffersonian
where you told the voters to register and write
their names in the voters’ book and write it them
selves. Please state in The Jeffersonian what the
law is, and what the voters’ book is. I registered
on a slip of paper. Here it is, will it do or not?
Please answer and oblige. If this is all right send
it back, for I want to show it if it won’t do. How
do you stand on Congressman in the Tenth Dis
trict? Your paper is taking like wild fire down
here. Good luck to you. R. W. YOUNG.
ANSWER.
On page 58, Acts of 1808, (Georgia Laws,)
Section 2 makes it a crime for the Tax Col
lector or his clerk to allow any citizen to sign
the voters’ book, or any separate printed oath,
unless such person shall have actually made
the oath BEFORE HIM.
There is absolutely no other way in which
the Georgia voter can lawfully qualify him
self to vote, excepting by the taking of the
oath before the Tax Collector or his clerk.
If you put your name to one of those slips
that has the oath printed on it, without ac
tually taking the oath before the T. C. or his
clerk, you are not legally registered.
WATCH OUT, COUNTRY VOTER!
The Hoke Smith ringsters know who downed
them! They know that it was you.
This new registration law, those new
rules which compelled me to fight the city
ringsters in 1908, were designed by Smith and
Boykin Wright to cut down the country vote.
If you have signed and sent in one of those
slips, rush to the Collector or his clerk, and
INSIST ON BEING SWORN TO THAT
OATH.
The Priest, He Just Smiled —and
Then Lied, as Usual
A Denver paper has this:
“Father William O’Ryan, voicing the senti
ments of his brother priests, said: ‘ls it the fa
mous, or rather infamous, Tom Watson who so
speaks of us? Well, for years he has been the
most foul-mouthed talker in the ranks of the A.
P. A., so I really think what he says is hardly
worth considering. He will not be taken seri
ously.’ ”
I was never a member of any secret society
—saving the Sons of Temperance, (when a
lad) the S. A. E. College Fraternity; and
The Knights of Honor, an insurance society.
Never was “in the ranks of the A. P. A.”
And my earnest hope is that the priests will
be indifferent to those articles in which Pap
py’s machine is going to be overhauled, as it
never has been in this country.
All the same, I realize what the papal
wolves are capable of doing. I shall try to
escape the fate of Dr. Cronin, (whom they
had put out of the way in Chicago,) and of
Francisco Ferrer, whom they caused to be
shot in Spain.
I am fully aware of the risks I run, and
will take my precautions.
The way in which the dago Papa insulted
the great Methodist organization proves that
intolerance is just as rank in the priestly
hierarchy, as it was in the days when they
burned Savonaralo, Jerome. Huss, and
Bruno.
If a Baptist, or a Methodist should de
nounce the Pappy-crats in Savannah, Geor
gia. his life wouldn't be safe.
If you don't believe me, persuade some
Protestant clergyman to go to that city, or to
Mobile, or to Baltimore, and try it.
He would need police protection, and it is
doubtful whether that would avail him.
The Speech of Thetus
“There lies before me as 1 write/' a docu
ment, in pamphlet form, of seven pages, not
counting the eighth.
On the front, there runs the legend, “Influ
ence of Long Service in Congress.” This is
put at the top to show what the document is
about. But the doc. itself is entitled:
“Speech of Hon. Thetus W. Sims, of Ten
nessee, in the House of Representatives,
Wednesday, February 20, 1901.''
Opening the pamphlet, you find that the
bill on which Thetus spoke was one to supply
deficiencies, not in Congressmen, but in ap
propriations.
On this topic, Thetus said:
“Air. Chairman: —I have heretofore had occas
ion to make some observations on the rules of
this House. As a supplement to said remarks 1
take the present opportunity to read an article in
the Kansas City Tinies from their regular staff
correspondent, Air. H. J. Groves, appearing in the
issue of said paper of February 7, 1901.’’
Then, Thetus never said another word: the
entire remainder of his “speech" consisted of
a newspaper clipping.
And these Representatives of yours who
are unable to “point with pride" to what they
have done for you, in return for the big sala
ries paid by you, are taking thousands of dol
lars of your public funds to deluge the coun
try with a newspaper article, arguing in fa
vor of “Long Service in Congress”.
Would length of service ever make a Tom
Reed out of Thetus Sims? Would a hun
dred years in Congress make Lon Livingston
a Daniel Webster? Would such a blatant
charlatan as Jeff Davis, of Arkansas, ever
become a Lamar or a Culberson, or a La Fol
lette? Did eJones, of Arkansas, improve*
with age?
Reed, Hale, Lodge, Aldrich and such men
are kept in Congress by New England, for
the reason that they soon proved themselves
effective men. They got for New England
what she wanted. 117hz£ more could she ask?
Through such men, she has dictated govern
mental policies ever since the Civil War.
How long do you suppose you’d have to
keep Tom Bell, Gordon Lee and Charles Ed
wards in Congress, before they became able
to get for the South what she wants?
She wants nothing but justice: and she’ll
never get a smell of it, so long as she relies
on that class of Representatives who have to
use, for campaign purposes, this alleged
speech of Thetus W. Sims.
“Keep us here and we will gain influence"!
cry the Ins. How can a weak Congressman
ever become a strong one? How can the un
faithful be made honest and diligent by
length of service? How can the barren tree
become fruitful by continuing to cumber the
ground ?
The public servant who cannot give a good
account of his stewardship, ought not to ask
a re-election.
Some of these I-want-it-again fellows are
the very chaps who clamored loudest for
“rotation in office”. when they were making
their first race. They were not then the dis
ciples of Thetus. They had sharp, forceful
answers to such speeches as that of Thetus.
But now, at length, when the people can no
longer be soothed with seeds, hand-shakes,
soil analyses, maps and “soft sawder”, the
whole shooting match of Ins are clinging
PAGE THIRTEEN