PAGE TWELVE
The Plight of a Presidential Fac
ing-Both-Ways
(CONCLUDED FROM PAGE NINE)
new tariff as the best the country had ever
had; when he went into Tawney’s district to
bolster up that henchman of “the Interests”;
when he virtually O. K.’d Cannon —a change
came over the public mind, as to Mr. Taft
himself.
And when he went to New Tork, as he did
some days ago, and made the statement, that
no downward revision of the tariff had been
promised, he did himself an injury which his
worst enemy could not have inflicted upon
him. And when he attempted to prove that
the Payne-Aldrich bill was a full perform
ance of Republican promises, he stultified
himself in such away to make jt impossible
for the country to trust to his word again.
One day, he is threatening the Trusts: the
next, he is telling them not to be alarmed.
One day, he and Ballinger are thundering
against public-land thieves: the next, he and
Ballinger sit down to feast with Guggen
heim,er, the King of public-land thieves! ,
One day, he is demanding that Ballinger s
conduct be thoroughly investigated and the
whole truth exposed: next day, he ad\ isos
the accused who to employ as his lawyer
loudly naming Vertrees, a special friend of
the President. . . .
Glad-handing around in public, viewing
famished bread-lines, and attending ball
games, he is the jolly, big-hearted friend of
the people : at the secret council board, where
Things are Done, he is, to the very core, the
faithful servitor of the Interests.
Proofs?
(1) The Harriman lawyer, Dickinson, in
the Cabinet: the Baer and Cassatt lawyer,
Knox, in the Cabinet: the Sugar Trust law
yer. Wickersham, in the Cabinet: the Mor
gan-Guggenheim lawyer, Ballinger, in the
(2/3.1)1 net
(2) “Dollar diplomacy”: Morgan’s agents
appointed to foreign embassies and consul
ships: foreign governments asked to become
the victims of the Morgan banking syndi
cate.
(3) The soaring profits made by the
Trusts out of the “revised” tariff —with the
consequent increase of misery among the
plundered masses, as the expense of living
goes up.
Will the patient people endure this sort of
thing forever?
I don’t believe it.
Isn’t It a Shame!
In the Gainesville (Georgia) Herald of re
cent date, appears this editorial paragraph:
“Home Missions Needed.
“Little Mary Harris, daughter of Bud Harris,
is said to have perished to death this week here
in the very heart of our city. We refrain from
comment, for we know not where the fault lies.
However, it is a shockingly sad incident.”
WHERE did that little girl starve to
death ?
Among the Eskimo? in some African jun
gle? amid the vast solitudes of Canadian
forests? along some camel-route of the
boundless desert?
Was she one of the flies of the human
swarms that perish in famine-swept India?
Did she cry in vain for something to eat,
amid the hurly-burly of some overcrowded
city, where the rage and roar of the Battle
of Existence drowns the groans of those who
fall?
Poor little Mary Harris! Poor little white
girl of Georgia ! Poor little human derelict
of a Christian land !
■With churches all around her, the wolf
slowly devoured her. With sermons, pas
sionate pleas for heathen children, plaintive
appeals for the Dear Little Doras of Africa
Obe. ‘Seffersonlan
ringing in her ears, she starved to death in
Gainesville, GEORGIA!
And I shouldn’t wonder if that beautiful
town is blessed with the orthodox assortment
of male and feipale enthusiasts who are go
ing distracted over the poor Chinese society
girls whose feet are bandaged to keep them
fashionably small; Hindoo widows whom
public opinion will not allow to re-marry;
Mexican and South American children who
need food, clothes and education; foreign in
valids who need medicine and trained nurs
ing ; ignorant Africans who need to be taught
farming, carpentering, blacksmithing, and
higher mathematics; and rotting teeth in
heathendom that need to be filled or crowned
with gold leaf.
God! What a nation of fakes, frauds,
freaks and fanatics we are becoming!
Charley Barrett and D. J. Neill
One of our correspondents called attention
to the fact that Hon. C. S. Barrett’s name
appeared on Neill’s list of trip-to-Washing
ton contributors.
The fact is, that Hon. A. C. Shuford and
Charley Barrett each handed Mr. Neill sl,
to prepay one year’s subscription to the Co
operator.
No mention was made of the Washington
trip.
If Neill pocketed that filthy stuff, and used
it for his own benefit, he owes his Rich Re
pul >1 lean Boss .the cool sum of two dollars.
To misuse Barrett’s name, in order to en
courage contributions of money to himself,
was highly characteristic of the man who
did it.
Protestant Churches Should De
mand Dismissal of Falconia
Why do the Protestants make no protest,
when the Federal Government receives a
priest as the ambassador of the Pope?
What right has Pappy to demand a Recog
nition not given to any other form of relig
ion?
Suppose the Sheikul-Islam should ask that
our Government receive, at Washington, a
Moslem priest,, as the representative of Mo
hammedanism—wouldn't there be an outcry
against it?
Suppose that the Buddhists of India should
ask us to receive a priestly ambassador, as
official representative of Buddhism, would
not the proposition be howled down?
What better right has Roman Catholicism
to have a pompous embassy at Washington,
than is possessed by the other religions?
There are thousands of Russian immigrants
'in this country, yet the Greek Church, to
which they belong, is not represented by an
ambassador.
We receive the Pope’s delegate with the
same honors, pomps and ceremonies that are
paid to representatives of Presidents, Kings,
sultans, emperors, shahs and czars. Why
should we? is Fdiconi'B business?
What's he here for?
It is a violation of the spirit, if not the let
ter, of our Constitution that our Government
should hold this intimate relation with the
Harlot of Rome.
But the Protestants make no protest. They
appear to have forgotten why and how they
came by their name.
The churches should begin to agitate this
matter, with a view to driving the dago dele
gate back to his dago boss.
If Falconio is not here in a political ca
pacity, it is unlawful for our Presidents to
recognize and receive him.
If he is here in a political capacity, it is a
clear violation of the Constitution for our
Presidents to receive him. His presence in
Washington, as the honored ambassador of
the Harlot of Rome, is a flagrant insult to
every Protestant in America. If our churches
had any real life in them and Protestantism
had any progressive, militant, inherited pur
pose, Pappy nev&r could have slipped his Fal
conio into the diplomatic family at Washing
ton, as the equal of the envoys of Emperors.
/
—•—
The Decadence of the Hearst
Papers
The gushing indorsement which that Life
Insurance thief, Chauncey Depew, gave to
William Randolph Heart appears to have
been the beginning of a dry-rot in Hearst
journalism.
The papers have lost their virility. Even
when William R. receives stolen goods, in the
shape of that Wckersham letter to John \S.
Wise, the bomb is thrown by the Cosmopoli
tan Magazine, which belongs to Mrs. William
Randolph Hearst.
(When the papers got after Hearst about
this latest reception of stolen goods, knowing
them to have been stolen, he gravely stated
that he has not now, and never has had, a
dollar’s interest in the Cosmopolitan Maga
zine—which is true enough, for his only con
nection with it was, that he bought it from
John Brisben Walker for Mrs. William Ran
dolph Hearst.)
Arthur Brisbane’s salary makes new high
records; but he hasn’t said anything in
months. lie dictates a lot of stuff, which is
duly printed; but the breath of life is not
there any more. He just grinds, now, does
Arthur B. The day of the inspiration, and
the flashing sword is past. At least, it seems
so. I fear that he has grown fat and satis
fied. If so, all is over with Arthur, save the
mourning.
And then there’s perennial John Temple
Graves. Still visible to the naked eye, the
genial John considers himself one of The
Serious Propositions; and makes gemflexions
as who should say,
“I don’t exactly know what I want, but I
mean to have it —if I can get it without any
violence.”
The oppressive atmosphere of the Hearst
papers has even infected Elbert Hubbard.
Periodically, with dreadful regularity, in
fact, we see Elbert’s picture in the American,
with his thin locks blown all over his face;
and his countenance doing its best to look the
part of The Profound Philosopher.
Yep: they’re losing out —the Hearst pa
pers. It’s an awful jump from the Roose
velt-Root denunciation of 1907 to the Roose
velt Depew pacification of 1909. An editor
cannot make leaps like that without agecting
his papers.
What’s Cotton Doing?
Playing the fool, as usual. You never can
tell about cotton. I’d rather undertake to
guess what the Democratic party is going to
do, at the next national convention, than to
predict where cotton will be three months
from now.
Consequently, last fall, I advised the farm
ers to sell, pay out of debt, and face the new
year freed from financial burdens and men
tal worries. The price then ranged from 14
to 15 cents.
To hold, on that kind of market, seemed
to me to be entirely too risky. There were
too many uncertainties about the future —too
many factors controlling the situation. The
spinners might curtail output; bankers and
manufacturers might combine, as in 1907; the
area devoted to cotton might be largely in
creased; and the spinners were in better
shape to await the coming of the new crop
than the planters were to finance the hold
over movement.
All these things were on my mind when I
urged the growers to sell at 14 and 15 cents.
Such papers as Reiner’s Ship Subsidy Co-