PAGE TWELVE
THE MACON PLATFORM.
(Continued from Pag© Nine.)
Again.” But the legislature did not pass
the bill. Boykin Wright and sanctified
politics didn’t gait together, somehow:
and in spite of all of Hoke’s big promises,
our political methods are the same old
seven and six. The legislature wouldn’t
even make it illegal for corporations to ,
contribute to campaign funds.
HUH
Bryan, the Scornful.
“I will pay no attention to Thomas E.
Watson,” quoth W. J. Bryan.
Well, that’s one way to back off from
a challenge. It’s one way to escape a
public exposure and drubbing. It’s one
way to hide the ugly spots in a tortuous
record.
The fact is, that Bryan knows him
self to be a superficial opportunist, and
he’s afraid to meet in public discussion
any man who rises above mediocrity. A
political Talmage who has the sponge
like quality of absorbing the ideas of
others, his pleasing personality, carefully
cultivated smile, and unsual oratorical
gifts —kept in ceaseless operation for six
teen years —have given Mr. Bryan a po
sition which is far above his intrinsic
merit.
In Congress he did nothing but pose
and talk. Not a line on the statute book
did he alter or add. In Nebraska, his
record of achievement is utterly barren.
Just talk, more talk, and then talk again.
Excepting when the prohibition question
springs up. Then, he prudently keeps
out of his state, and leaves less selfishly
calculating reformers to fight it out.
“I will pay no attention to Thomas E.
Watson. ’
Why not, William of Illinois? You
were mighty glad to have the help of
that Georgian, in 1806, when he went to
your home state, lined up the Pops for
you, and helped you carry Nebraska —
something you’ve not been able to do
since.
Why not “pay attention,’’ William J?
Is it because you dare not face the old
vets of the South on that remark which
you made to Wilfred Henry Lewis?
Is it because you dare not meet, pub
licly, the question of what you said to
those negro delegations that pleased them
so highly?
Is it because you’re afraid to come be
fore the people and explain your surren
der of principle, your falling away from
your platform of 1896, vour treaty with
( harles Murphy. Roger Sullivan, and the
National bank element of the Democratic
party ?
Is it because you are ashamed of the
ungrateful manner in which you treated
the South, when you passed over all of
her leaders—men of weight, character,
and ability and foisted upon the ticket
the understudy of Tom Taggart, the
gambling hell man?
You will “pay no attention to Thos. E.
Watson,” eh?
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
After all, that’s just about the safest
course for you, William J.
And, besides, it will not keep the said
Thos. E. from paying attention to you.
H H H
Populists Must Get Together.
In 1906, there were some of the Peo
ple’s Party voters who could not support
Hoke Smith. Many of these got very
angry with the Jeffersonian for advocat
ing the election of one whose conversion
to the reform cause was of the sudden
and unexpected sort. But we thought we
knew what we were doing, and went
right along doing our little utmost in
Hoke’s behalf—though Hoke could have
done just as well without us, as his organ
editorially informed the world soon after
the election.
In the campaign of 1908, there were
many of the Pops who honestly thought
that Governor Smith should have a sec
ond term. They feared that his defeat
would cause a reaction against the re
form movement, and that we would lose
what had already been gained.
The Jeffersonian felt that there was no
danger of this kind, but that there was
very great danger to the people in those
new rules which had been concocted by
Governor Smith, Boykin Wright and
Lawton Miller.
Consequently, we could not support
Hoke when he wanted it again.
But we do not doubt the honesty of the
Populists who voted for iioke the second
time. 1 hp' r had just as much right to
their opinion as we had to ours. We
have no disposition whatever to condemn
their conduct, or question their motive.
The thing for us to do is to let the
past take care of itself, while we take
care of the present and the future.
Let’s all get together again, boys! The
Joe Brown Populist who says or does
anything to hurt the feelings of a Hoke
Smith Populist hurts me. And, what is
vastly more important, he hurts Popu
lism.
Let every friend of mine who voted for
Joe Brown, help me to bring back to their
own camps the Pops who have strayed.
Bring them back —BRING THEM
BACK!
You can’t do it by sneers and jeers and
words that sting. Remember that. If
you want to help me, now’s the time; and
the first thing I want you to do is to re
new vour brotherly relations with the
Pops who voted for Hoke Smith in the
last primary.
From the mountains to the sea, I ex
pect to unfurl again the glorious ban
ner of Populism. I want the Old Guard
to form once more, with every living man
in place. We shall have many of these
magnificent meetings that we used to
have. I want to meet all of my old
friends, face to face, and feel again the
clasp of their strong, loyal hands.. It will
remind us all of Old Times, and we shall
bury 7 every remembrance of recent differ
ences in the supreme importance of the
creed for which we have stood during all
the bitter years of the past.
During. our grand meeting in Atlanta,
the glad shout was heard on all sides,
“It’s come again!” So it has. Populism
has come again.
And if you will do your full duty, com
rades ! —backing me as you used to—IT
WILL HAVE COME TO STAY, THIS
TIME.
In the state of Georgia, we hold the
balance of power; in the nation, we can
do the same thing.
But, first of all, we Pops must not split
into factions.
Get together, comrades—GET TO
GETHER.
h n n
Bryan's Grape Juice and Cabinet.
If W. J. Bryan had any genuine hu
mor in his make-up, he wouldn’t do some
of the things which provoke the waggish
to mirth.
Consider that grand-stand play of serv
ing the newspaper men with “unferment
ed grape-juice.” They hadn’t asked for
anything to drink, had they? They were
not expecting to be liquored, were they?
Why drench these helpless guests with
any such Priscilla tipple as “unfermented
grape-juice”? There certainly must be
buttermilk to be had on the Bryan farm;
and it isn’t so verv difficult to improvise
“Sassafax tea” —besides which, many peo
ple are ravenously fond of pot-liquor.
Why not, in a spirit of genial hospitality,
have served some one of these innocent
and refreshing beverages, and then said
nothing about it? To come out into the
limelight, ostentatiously drenching social
prisoners with “unfermented grape
juice,” savors of Pecksniff. It reminds
one of the New England days, when
Thanksgiving was celebrated, festively,
by handing to each truest a raw apple and
a glass of water.
With the same absence of a sense of
the ridiculous, Bryan has composed his
Cabinet. He gravely elevates Kern to a
position of unprecedented activity and
power, and then passes his eagle glance
down to Georgia until it rests upon the
handsome features of our fellow citizen,
Clark Howell.
Clark is Secretary of Agriculture in
the Bryan Cabinet, and we consider the
801 l Weevil question, the Cow-tick ques
tion, the leprous rat issue, and so forth,
and so on*, as good as settled.
We have not the faintest idea that
Clark Howell was consulted in the pre
mises. The great Turvevdrop of Nebras
ka thought it all up, by himself, and
sprung it upon Clark as a pleasant sur
prise.
The Jeffersonian wonders if Mr. Bryan
really supposed that Clark Howell—
editor-in-chief of a great newspaper,
whose daily, tri-weekly. or weekly edi
tions reach every hamlet, in the Union—
would feel complimented by being of
fered the old shoes of Jerry Rusk?