PAGE TEN
LET7EAJ FROM THE PEOPLE
W. H. MORGAN’S ADDRESS WANTED BY
AN OLD COMRADE.
Quitman, Ga., June 17, 1908.
The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: Will you please give me the ad
dress of W. H. Morgan, who was a member of
the Ist Georgia regulars? I saw an article
in your paper a short time since, written by
him and I am very anxious to find where he
is, as we were soldiers in the same regiment.
Hoping you can and will give me the de
sired information, I am, Truly yours,
j. r/barnes.
LIKES THAT ARTICLE ON THE CATHO
LIC HIERARCHY.
Keatchie, La., June 20, 1908.
Dear Sir: I have read a great many good
things from your pen, but the most timely you
ever wrote is your July editorial on “The
Catholic Hierarchy,” and (while it is imma
terial) I must congratulate you upon your
heroic stand for religious liberty. I say he
roic, and it certainly is heroic to any one
acquainted with the history of this gigantic
religious “octopus.” For there is no doubt
but that you will call down upon your devoted
head all the furies of the “vice regents and
saints.” You will doubtless receive more
statements that your magazine or services
are not wanted, etc. The trouble with all
modern statesmen is m°ral cowardice: anv
question that endangers their measly pol'ti
cal hides is denounced as “anarchv,” “fa
naticism,” “sensational,” etc. Although 1
can not agree with you on all questions, I
can and do admire you for your sublime sac
rifice to your convictions. It is to be hoped
that the common people will rally to your
support. On such depends the safety of the
nation. With best wishes I am,
Very truly yours,
VIRGIL M. RICH.
k J
LINCOLN COUNTY LETTER.
Hon. Thomas E. Wa*s n n, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: It is with pleasure that I sit
down to tell you of the signs of the times.
I think that the coming campaign is going to
be the warmest that ever struck this part of
the country. You know 7 , Mr. Watson, 1 am
accused of being the strongest Watson man
in this county and always have been since ’
vas a small boy living in Thomson and you
treated me as a father. I had no father, so I
did not know a father’s love. You made im
pressions on my youthful mind that time
cannot remove. I know 7 you have forgotten it
all but you ask Mrs. Watson and she can tell
you about little Elie Cartledge. I will bet
she has never forgotten it.
I think, Mr. Watson, this early, I can safely
say that you will carry this county, and all
the time between now and the election I will
be found doing all that I can for you in
spreading the Jeffersonians and telling my
friends of the good things of the Populist
party and the leader of the party. Now, Mr.
Watson, it is with much regret that I can not
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
go to Atlanta on July 9, as I am not able to
go. I have not the money, although I
would give lots to hear those two speeches of
yours, but will have to be content without that
pleasure. I will hope and pray that success
will crown your efforts in your race for the
Presidency, and struggle for the rights of the
people. With best wishes and kindest regards,
I remain, your true friend,
THOMAS E. CARTLEDGE.
Loco, Lincoln county, Ga., June 22, 1908.
ON TO ATLANTA.
The Populist Convention, which convenes in
Atlanta July 9, promises to be one of the
largest and most enthusiastic gatherings that
has ever assembled in the South. The news
from everywhere is that the bovs are on th*
“war r»ath” and will be in evidence on the
9th. We believe in our creed, we believe in
our gallant leader, and it is our purpose to
stand by them against the world, the flesh and
the devil.
We understand there is a movement on foot
among the defeated element in the state to
disrupt our plans, but it will hardly suc
ceed. Those of us who have been in the thick
est of the fivht re not easv to make wob
ble on the spindle. Most of the old girard
pro on to the schemes of those who would de
feat our purpose.
things will hanpen before the op
nnciHnn wit] bp ah lo tn convince the reform
ers s hat HeVfi is a better or a greater
statesman, than our true and tried Tom. We
believe th nt even 7 one who has ever fought
under the true flag of populism, that can do
so, will be in Atlanta on the 9th of July.
Crnne. we want to take you hv the hand and
feel that true brotherly grip that only the
scarred veteran can give.
Yours for Watson and Williams,
J. L. MOORE.
Bethlehem, Ga.
‘ ‘ SOUTHERN REBELLION. ’ ’
Ed’tor Jeffersonian:
Please name the aud most truthful
and reliab 1 " history of the “Southern Robul
lion.” Also the most truthful and reliable
history of the French Revolution, and oblige,
G. H. RICE:
P. S. —Also financial history of the South
ern Rebellion that tells the truth and nothing
but the truth. G. H. R.
(Answer.)
Our correspondent rubs the fur the wrong
way by calling it the “Southern Rebellion.”
If this is the way he still regards the seces
sion of the Southern States from a compact
into which they had voluntarily gone, upon
certain conditions which had . been violated,
the Jeffersonian thinks he had better read
Horace Greeley’s book, whose full title is
“The Great Rebellion.” But, if our Mich
igan friend really wants to read the true story
of that great movement for State rights and
Southern independence (which ought to have
succeeded), let him take the “True Story of
the Civil War,” by Guy Carlton Lee. He can
order it from F. E. Grant, 23 W. 22nd street,
New York City.
When we say that the separatist movement
in the Southern States ought to have succeeded,
we mean that the interests of the South, as
a section, are so different from those of New
England as a. section, that the two cannot
forcibly be held within the same republic
without very serious detriment to one or the
other. As to which gets the best of the bar
gain—New England or the South —even our
Michigan friend would probably not have
any difficulty in stating an opinion. Just as
Mexico does much better as a separate, inde
pendent government, and just as Canada is
better off by preserving her separate exist
ence, so the Southern States and the Western
States would be enormously benefited by hav
ing separate, independent political existence.
We will have it, some day—and without any
civil war, either. It will come, simply because
there will be an universal feeling throughout
the South and West that this country is too
big, and that New England, with her class
legislation in favor of her plutocracy, is too
much of a burden for the South and the West
to always endure.
One of the two things is bound to happen:
the South and the West (agricultural sec
tions) will demand some such Tariff system as
that which gave us such splendid results from
1844 to 1856 —the Walker Tariff —or these
two great farming sections will withdraw from
the Union in’ which they are so remorseless
ly exploited by Eastern capitalism.
T. E. W.
Marion, Ala., June 20, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My Dear Friend: Some time ago I prom
ised to keep you posted, as to the progress
of the Independence League in this State,
whose principles have been so strenuously ad
vocated by our mutual friend, W. M. Howard,
and who has persistently sought to have me
act as national committeeman from this State,
and even went so far as to have me elected
delegate to the Chicago Convention, without
my authority, and guarantee that my voice
should have as free a field of latitude in
changing the planks of the previous platform
as would Mr. Hearst’s in defending them.
But, if what you say of the Copyright Law is
true, I could not venture so far from home
on so small a guarantee. So I wrote Brother
Howard the following letter, viz.:
“Hon. W. M. Howard, Fort Payne, Ala.
“Dear Sir: I (assure you that I fully ap
preciate the opportunities offered now for the
success of our principles, especially, when
we have the assistance of such a zealous and
able young leader as Mr. Hearst; and think
the sailing of this ship will mark the begin
ning of the New Era in politics, ‘if she
doesn’t get wrecked in the launching.’ The
only necessity for this movement is to inaug
urate some stubborn resistance to the class
legislation and the special privileges that are