he has plunged into nearly every question that
concerns humanity. During the whole of his
term in office he has kept closer to the people
than any President we have ever had. And,
as a worker, not one of our Chief Magistrates
could hold a candle for Roosevelt. His de
vouring and diversified energy was nothing
less than Napoleonic.
m n
Stirring, Things Up.
Oglethorpe, Ga., March 4, 1909.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson,
Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: I want to write you just one
more time. Your article, “By What Right”
and comment upon my letter, together with
some other utterances of yours since then, has
stirred up no little talk among Georgia edi
tors, and I am glad it has.
I am an advocate o.f Foreign Missions and
have always helped according to my ability,
and I do not think that money given for that
cause ought to be used to feed and clothe and
educate gratis anybody, either at home or
abroad. I am not going to help feed and
clothe anybody, if I know it, who is able to
work and won’t do it. “If any man will* not
work, neither shall he eat.” That’s my relig
ion.
All this talk about men being out of work
and wanting a job anti can’t get it, nearly
perishing, is almost inconceivable to me. I
have a good farm and make a good living, and
though not rich, I can always get what I
want, if I do not want too much. You might
take my farm away from me, take everything
I’ve got, leaving me only a shirt and a pair
of pants, with not even a coat or a change of
clothing, and I would not freeze nor starve to
death either.
I have heard it said that you were a lawyer,
and a good one, but I would hate to be in
your place if you had to prove to a Macon
County jury that a man charged with vagran
cy could not find anything under the sun that
he could do to make a living. You would
have the hardest job on your hands that you
ever ran across in your life. It seems to me
that a man is a fool to stay in a place where
he can’t get anything to do and nearly starve
to death. If such a state of affairs exists, as
you represent, there must be some cause for
it, and to my mind two problems present them
selves, —one for you and other statesmen to
solve, and the other for the Church.
Like most every other Southern white man,
I was raised up a Democrat, and always voted
a straight Democratic ticket until a few years
ago when I voted for the Democratic nomi
nee and rejoiced in my heart that the other fel
low beat him. Since then, I have voted as I
pleased, voted for the best man regardless of
parties. Will you excuse me, Mr. Watson, for
saying that for a number of years I have sup
ported you from the very fact that 1 believe
you are honest and sincere and are among
the greatest of our statesmen? But when you
enter the domain of the church, you get out
of your element and make some mistakes, just
like the preacher does when he begins to dab
ble in politics. I know there is no use preach
ing repentance and faith to a man with an
empty stomach. I think the Church and
State ought to go hand in hand for the up
lifting of men, —the State looking after our
temporal affairs, the church after our spiritual
needs.
I believe that you can diagnose the case and
give us a remedy, and I hope in the future to
help give you the power to do so by my vote
Your friend and supporter,
William A. Greene.
We are glad to give space to another com
munication from Mr. William A. Greene. He
writes like a man who does a good deal of
thinking for himself.
Jeffersonian
Notice his candid admission that he did not
know that his money, contributed to foreign
missions, was being used in the manner which
the Jeffersonian has exposed. We think that
when Mr. Greene gets through reading the
April number of the Jeffersonian Magazine he
wilLbe grateful to us for having agitated the
question of the present management of foreign
missions.
Mr. Greene finds it difficult to believe that
there are men who are out of work and unable
to get jobs. He says that he would hate to be
in Mr. Watson’s place if it were necessary for
Mr. W. to prove to a Macon County jury that
there are men who cannot find work.
Time and again, we have tried to explain
that labor, like money, is congested. In the
big cities there are a hundred men scrambling
for one job ; in some rural communities there
are a hundred jobs clamoring for one worker.
Time and again, we have urged that some
thing be done to better this condition. It
seems to us that Boards of Distribution might
be established and that these boards, keeping
themselves informed of actual conditions,
could distribute the workmen in such away
that the great law of supply and demand
would solve the problem. Time and again,
we have argued that Florida, alone, could prob
ably absorb every idle laborer of New York-
City. We have shown that the rural commu
nities of the Southern states are short*of work
ers, to the extent of hundreds of thousands.
Texas could today find homes and profitable
employment for a million people.
Some strange, irresistible fascination keeps
the army of the unemployed investing the
great centers of population; and it really
seems as though these poor creatures would
rather suffer and perish amid the noise and
glamour of Chicago and New York, than to
seek the certainty of lonesome comfort on a
distant countrv farm.
There is another point made by Mr. Greene.
He thinks that Mr. Watson had better avoid
the “domain of the church.” As a general
proposition, this is doubtless sound. But, af
ter all, we Protestants have never been asked
to surrender the keeping of our consciences to
our preachers. Our clergymen do not prefer
stagnant waters and tadpole congregations.
Protestant ministers endeavor to stimulate the
minds of their hearers, as well as to elevate
their morals.
Consequently, when an editor, like the Jef
fersonian. begins to ventilate and agitate a
great big question like foreign missions, and
does it with urbanity and graciosity, the
greater number of the evangelical clergy are
not displeased. It gives everybody something
fresh to talk about.
M W M
Wiggle-Tail Democrats.
The Century Company, of Union Square,
New York, publishes Dictionaries, Atlases,
and Encyclopedias. As a matter of business,
it employs a man to stand upon the watch
tower and keep a sharp lookout for anything
new, in the way of geographical discoveries,
philological developments and linguistic cre
ations.
The name of the Century Company’s watch
tower man is Smith, Benjamin E. Smith.
Swivelling his wakeful eye first in one direc
tion and then in all the others, in the eternally
vigilant search for any new thing in language
or geography, Brother Benjamin E. Smith was
startled to find, hovering on the dim and dis
tant horizon, the words, “Wiggle-tail Demo
crats.” It happened last week.
Somehow or other, Brother Benjamin came
across a copy of “Watson’s Magazine” for
Feb. 1906. In the “Letters” Department he
discovered a communication from a corres
pondent who wrote to the Editor, saying,
“1 have just read the current issue of your
magazine. I assure you that, though a Demo
crat of the Wiggle-tail stripe, I was both
amused and edified. There is this difference
between the Wiggle-tail you so mercilessly
ridicule and myself. I am not one of those
who believe that the King can do no wrong.”
In the same number of the magazine was
another letter, to the same effect; and Brother
Benjamin E. Smith became thoroughly
aroused over this new variety of Democrat.
He is familiar with all the numerous other
kinds, but not with this one.
With Smith, it is not only a pleasure, inno
cent and improving, to learn about new things,
but it is a business. He is paid to do it. If
he should wilfully or negligently permit any
new word or fact to float by him, unobserved,
he would probably lose his job.
Consequently, on the very first day of
Marchf Brother Smith dictated the following
letter:
Editor of Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
Atlanta. Ga.
Dear Sir: Will you kindly tell me what
the “Wiggle-tail Democrat” mentioned in the
enclosed cutting from your magazine, is? This
is a bit of political slang the meaning of which
eludes me.
Verv truly yours,
BENJAMIN E. SMITH.
Who could turn a deaf ear to a courteous
appeal like that?
To enable the Century Company to keep
its Dictionaries and Encyclopedias abreast of
the times, we are going to do what we can to
elucidate the full and true meaning of the
term “Wiggle-tail Democrats.”
When a man digs a well, his purpose is one
of utility. When the precious flow of life-giv
ing water is struck, and the shaft is sunk no
deeper, and the curb placed to hold the walls
in place, and the windlass rigged up, and the
bucket attached to the rope or chain, the
idea is that the water will be kept constantly
stirred, —the empty pail coming down into it,
the full bucket coming up out of it, —and that
this continual use, this unceasing stirring will
forever keep the well pure—a perpetual source
of life and health and strength.
But the evil day comes in which the pitcher
goes no more to the well. 'The bucket is gone,
or is idle. The rope rots, or is taken away.
The waters below change their very nature.
Stagnation sets in and foul creatures gener
ate in the unwholesome depths. Wiggle-tails,
by the million, swarm and hideously rise to
the surface. The well is alive with them.
They serve no earthly purpose. They do
nothing to justify their existence. The mere
fact that they are there, is proof positive that
the well has lost its utility. The bare fact
that the wiggle-tails infest the cistern shows
that it no longer serves the purpose for which
it was dug.
Now, our thought is that the Democratic
party was originally like a well, dug by earn
est people for a great purpose. Once its wa
ters stirred with the breath of life and it was
a great fountain from which inspiration, and
vigor for great deeds might be drawn. . But it
has become stagnant. The Democratic party
has no fixed faith, no definite purpose. Its lead
ers are assistant-Republicans. In the South,
particularly, it cannot boast a solitary states
man who offers any constructive scheme of
governmental reform. When they make
speeches, they roar like lions of Equal Rights.
When they vote to make laws they are tame,
well-broken dromedaries of Special Privilege.
The rank and file of the party does no
thinking. They do the voting, and that is all.
They don’t know how their public servants do
in Washington, and they don’t care. They
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE