THE TWO HANDLES.
Everything has two handles—one by which
lit may be borne; another by which it cannot.
■ —Epictetus.
There are innumerable cups on the table of
| life. Some are gilded and beautiful. Some
K contain bitter mixtures. Others are sweet to
I the taste. Every man must take such of the
I cups as are given him. What happens? The
■ most beautiful cup often becomes bitter. The
I most bitter cup ,often grows sweet. See how
■ this is!
You often take the morning by the handle
I of a frown and the whole day will frown on
you. Take the stormiest day with a smile
and it will grow pleasant.
lake your work by the handle of reluctance
and it will grow intolerable; you, the same
man, take the same work by the handle of
willingness and/it becomes easy. Try it!
Take your pleasure by the handle of self
indulgence and the pleasure is spoiled; take
it by the handle of generosity, share it, and
it will last.
th by one handle and it loads
you with cares; take it by the other handle
and see what will happen.
Take your business as a means of getting
a living and it becomes vulgar drudgery; take
it as a means of social service and it will be
a noble religion.
Take marriage by the handle of your self
will and it turns out a failure; take it by the
handle of love and you will be more happy
every day.
Handle men with distrust and you will never
get on with them; handle them by good will
and the same men will be your friends.
Take yourself by the handle of egotism and
you waste your power. Use the handle of
modesty and the world is with you.
Take pain by the handle of fear and you
will always have something to suffer. Take
pain by the handle of courage and nothing can
hurt you.
Take sorrow with self-pity and you will be
come too lonely tb live. Take it by the handle
of your sympathy and your sorrow shall be
translated into new power to help all others
who suffer.
Take the world by the handle of doubt and
the day grows dark. Take it as God’s world
and the sun and stars will always be shining.
Take death with dread and you lessen the
tide of life. Take death with hope and life
broadens into an infinite meaning.—Chas. F.
Dole, in Texas Farmer.
f '"WRllJlllJllllllUl.JihumiiMri! I uiiimwwiwWWW 1
HMMgl^ggM^^jre^w-^iafciaß^FJ^FCMvwi't,
IMlflllllllHlHHllHni - —<-fill • •'* HThn!h 1 «fi lUi/A
i I wSj®
' • ESTABLISHED 10 YEARS
MILLEDGEVILLE. GEORGIA
L ar g es t and best equiped school South. Expert management.
Railroad wire connections. Positions guaranteed. Railroad fares
Board at cost. Open year around. Write for catalogue B.
Great demand for operators.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
make the south headquarters in
stead OF A DUMPING GROUND.
Mr. Southern farmer, you need more horse
power, more and bigger and better horses to
farm with. Aon have a good brain and good
muscle, but you have used your muscle more
than your brain. You have used your muscle
to great disadvantage trying to make it do
the work of horse muscle/ and you have been
so busy at this that you haven’t given your
brain half a chance. Yes, you need more and
bigger and better horses —and you can raise
them, too, if you will. But you will never
have them as long as you are content with
the freaks, scrubs, chunks, plugs, derelicts,
and castaways of the big Western horse mar
kets. In a recent issue of this paper Mr. W.
' D. Null, a successful Illinois farmer who just
settled in Alabama, wrote the following, which
we want you to read again:
“The farmers in the North Central States
do most of their work with four-horse machin
ery; and it is built for 1,200-pound horses,
or heavier. .They use brood mares and three
and four-year-old colts; and as fast as the
colts reach five years, they are fattened for
*market; and the local buyers go around from
farm to farm, picking them up. The best
ones are sold for use in the cities, other classes
to be used as loggers, exporters, etc.; but,
last of all, the mismated, little, ponybuilt
fellows that everybody has no use for, are
bunched together with all the mondescript
misfits of the trotting and road breeds, and
started South as ‘Southern chunks’ and ‘cot
ton horses;’ and how the Northern farmer
pities the man who has to make a living by
working such horses!”
The, people who use big horses and machin
ery are doing pretty well, you see. Mr.
Southern Fanner, go up to the horse markets
and sit at the first table. What is better still,
go to work, raise your own horses and some
to sell, and thus sit at the head of the table.
You can do it. “I never saw a country,”
writes Mr. Null in the issue just referred to,
‘‘where horses could be grown cheaper than
here in the South—not even the range country.
Why raise all these knot-head cattle, worth
1 3-4 to 2 1-2 cents a pound, when the same
grass will grow a horse worth 10 to 15 cents
a pound?”
Make Southern farms headquarters for the
best horses instead of a dumping ground for
the sorriest. —Progressive Farmer.
Epilepsy,
Fits
Convulsions, or Spasms
and St. Vitus’ Dance are
Nervous Diseases. Most
cases can be cured by
strengthening and build
ing up the nervous*systenL
To do this a nerve medi
cine is needed. Dr. Miles’
Nervine will be found
• efficacious and satisfac
tory. It has cured many
cases of these diseases
and we believe ft will
cure you. We can give
,you names of many who
have been cured through
its use. Write for advice.
My son John had epilepsy for years,
ana after having him treated by
specialists for over 2 years he still
continued to have spells. I had al
most given up in despair, but know-
virtue of Dr. Miles’ Anti-Pain
Pills for sick headache, I concluded- to
try the Nervine. During June, 1906. I
ga-ve him a teas.poonful* three times a
„H’ T ther \i n July 1 save ft as directed,
an g I could see that he was improving
and he has net had a spell since
August 28, 1906, and has taken no
medicine since Jan.-07. I am writing
the case just as it is hoping it will
induce others to try it.”
W R. ALLISON, Mooresville, N C
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Nerv
ine, and we authorize him to return
price of first bottle (only) if it fails
to benefit you. e
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
Mr. Watson at Atlanta
The Weekly Jeffersonian'of July
16th will contain a full report of
Mr. Watson’s Speech at Atlanta on
July 9th.
Single copies, 5 cents. Bundles
of 10 copies, 25 cents. Send in
your orders for extra copies.
The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
PAGE ELEVEN