PAGE TWELVE
'Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
What promises to be a long and tiresome
debate by Congress has been opened on the
Payne tariff bill.
The Payne bill at its best is far from good.
By the time it is cut and slashed by amend
ments in the House, its author will hardly
know it. It will be a different bill with most
of the few good provisions stricken out and
bad ones substituted.
But tariff reduction will not get its worst
jolt in the House. You may depend upon the
Senate killing it.
Aldrich and his crowd will see that the peo
ple are made to bear the burden of the increase
in the cost of running the government. Those
who have been loking forward to a real re
duction in tariff rates will be surprised when
they learn that the reduction is going to be
really an increase.
Under the Payne tariff bill the government
will receive $33,166,748 more in duties than it
did under the despised Dingley law in 1906.
And the increase in the tariff is on those ar
ticles, as a rule, most important and necessary
to the common people.
The tariff schedules will be revised, but the
revision will work a hardship to those who
need relief.
In other words, poverty will be taxed higher
to support wealth and make the rich richer.
But we must protect home industries, cry
our believers in a high tariff.
Yes, if we want to create more Steel Trusts,
more Standard Oil companies and more Rocke
fellers, Carnegies and Fricks.
You may increase the expense of govern-
CHARACTER,
The supreme element of real great
ness is self-reliance. It is determined
by the qualities within rather than the
influences without.
No man was ever great whose
achievements depended upon some
body else’s foresight or conduct.-
Confucius said:
‘‘What the superior man seeks is
in himself. What the small man
seeks is in others.”
Cervantes thought, “Every man
the son of his own works.”
The qualities that enter into lofty
character are God given.
Environment may contribute to the
development, but the seed are planted
by the hand of the Infinite.
The world often misunderstands a
great character.
The normal man who lives in the
valley of his own ignorance, whose
mental horizon is hedged in by unex
plored mountain ranges of truth,
sometimes looks with pitying con
tempt upon the g-enius, the depth of
whose mentality he can not fathom.
Aristotle truthfully said, “No great
genius was ever without some mix
ture of madness, nor can anything
grand or superior to the voice of com
mon mortals be spoken except by the
agitated soul.”
Few great men are appreciated or
understood until after they have been
dead at least half a century.
Only the great are willing to wait
for the verdict of posterity.
But as the end of every worthy life
is the Truth, there is a satisfaction
which grows out of the consciousness
of the rectitude of one’s purposes and
the ultimate triumph of the right.
ment as much as you like so long as you make
the common people bear all of the expense.
But when you talk about making the very
rich bear their proportionate share, a great
howl goes up.
The tariff is the real creator of the Trusts,
and without a high protective tariff to protect
them the Trusts could not rob the people as
they do now.
n
But how many of ns ever stop to investigate
our present tariff rates to see how we are be
ing robbed? Take wool as a fair example.
The duties on wool importations range from
40 to 120 per cent.
But the duties on finished woolen goods are
still more extortionate. Cheap blankets valued
at 40 cents a pound pay a duty of 67 cents a
pound, equal to an advalorem duty of about
165 per cent.
On the cheaper grades of flannel which the
poor man has to wear he pays a duty of 143
per cent, while on the higher grades, the kind
worn by the rich, the duty is 86.36 per cent.
This is true, not only in the case of wool and
woolen goods, but almost all of the necessaries
of life.
The prohibitive tariff on wool makes lhe
poor man wear scanty clothing in winter, as
the prohibitive tariff on hides and leather
makes him go almost barefooted in the winter.
And what is true of wool and leather, is
true of the other necessaries.
Instead of taxing the poor man to death for
what he is obliged to have, why not levy an
income tax, as well as an inheritance tax?
This would be no hardship on the rich, but
it would enable the poor man to have enough
to eat and give him warm clothing to wear.
If men could only know and realize
in their lives that it is better to be
right, though misunderstood and con
demned, than to be wrong and enjoy
the ephemeral favors of the thought
less present, it would greatly improve
the future and smooth the pathway of
those who are to come after us. —The
Issue.
ALL SUBSCRIBERS
Are requested to add 10 cents ex
change to local checks. It costs us
ten cents to cash these checks.
DISCOURTEOUS HUSBANDS.
We recently heard a woman re
mark: “I suppose my husband is as
good a man as ever lived, but his
mother did not train him to be cour
teous to ladies. His sisters were his
slaves, and thereby he is spoiled as a
husband. I wish I could train several
hundred boys to be husbands for the
next generation. Do you suppose
they’d consider it their prerogative to
drive the girls out of the easiest chair,
take the sunniest corner of the room,
the best place by the light, throw
books, papers or slippers down for
some one to pick up. grow up with the
idea that a wife must be a val&t and
the rest of the household stand re
spectfully by to obey orders'? You
smile, but this is anything but a sub
ject to laugh over. I really believe
that husbands never think that their
unkind words hurt. They don’t real
ize the difference to us —for instance,
in their manner when they come to
dinner. All day the wife has been
alone with the servants and the chil
dren, and is more hungry for a kind
word from her husband than an epi-
Jeffersonian
eurean feast. He comes in just as the
dinner bell rings. ‘For a wonder, din
ner is once ready on time,’ the hus
band says. Couldn’t he have saved
the heart-stab by saying, ‘That’s a
pleasant sound to a hungry fellow?
And if dinner is not quite ready, why
need he say, ‘Of course not; never
is’? In working mottoes for the
home, why hasn’t some one taken
Wesley’s remark, ‘l’d as soon swear
as fret,’ instead of hanging up, ‘I
Need Thee Every Hour’? Os course
men appreciate their wives, but they
too often keep their polite manners
and courteous way for others.” —*
Dodson Times.
WATSON ON FOREIGN MISSIONS.
The tremendous demand for the
April number of Watson’s Jeffer
sonian Magazine, which contains Mr.
Watson’s startling editorial on “For
eign Missions,” has tried the capacity
of our mailing force for the last ten
days. All who desire extra copies of
this great number of our magazine
should write without delay, enclos
ing ten cents for each copy ordered,
io THE JEFFERSONIANS,
CONTRIBUTION TO CONFERENCE
FUND.
Leesville, La.
Hon. Phus. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.,
Dear Sir: I send ten cents as a small
contribution to defray expenses of the
great conference which I hope yon
will call soon.' I hope that some wise
step will be taken at an early date
to line all true reformers up for the
great political fight that confronts
us in 1912. 1 believe if the proper
But how could we make a general reduction
in our tariff rates and meet the increase in the
cost of government?
First, the cost of government could be great
ly reduced.
We are paying millions to keep up a big
army which we don't need, just as we are
spending millions to build a powerful navy.
That would reduc the cost of government.
Second, Congress could pass a graduated in
come tax, an inheritance tax, and a parcels
post law.
Neither of these three laws would work a
hardship to anyone.
They would not only meet the increase in
the cost of government, but they would leave
a big surplus in the treasury.
For years New Jersey has been known as
the home of the Trusts, because most of them
are chartered under the laws of that state.
But even New Jersey has become a little
tired of Trust methods within the last few
years, and has put a slight check on them.
The highest court in the state has handed
down several decisions antagonistic to corpor
ations. One of these decisions checked the
scheme of rich corporations buying up the
stock of weaker competitors and crushing out
competition by power of money.
Os course, the big corporations did not like
this, and Wall street is now making an effort
to have this court abolished, and to have the
judiciary of the whole state changed and new
judges appointed.
Isn’t it about time to wake up* and do some
thing when Wall street robbers propose to
abolish the highest court in a state because a
decision of that court doesn’t suit the robbers?
steps were taken, a large sum of
money could soon be raised by small
contributions, which would enable our
self-sacrificing patriots to carry on a
fight that would cause plutocracy to
tremble in its stronghold. I shall
try to send monthly contributions in
small sums and hope others of our
down-trodden fellow citizens will do
likewise.
I do hope you can spare time some
time this year to come to Leesville
and address the people of this section
of the country. A vast audience
and expenses insured. Your devoted
follower, A. M. Nichols.
MOSES, CASTIGATOR.
“Now, Mabel,” said the Sunday
school teacher to a small student,
“can you tell me why the Lord gave
Moses a rod?”
“Yes, ma’am,” replied Mabel, with
evident satisfaction at being able to
furnish the desired information; “so
he could make the children of Israel
mind him.”—Chicago News.
OCCASIONAL CONFUSION.
‘ ‘ A public official must be unflinch
ing about laying down the law.”
“Yes,” answered Senator Sorgh
um. “One of the greatest difficulties
is that an official occasionally gets
confused. Instead of laying down the
law he starts in throwing down the
law.”—Washington Star.
This ELE6 ANT Watohs3S2
jOn’ Hunting case beautifully capered, (aid finished thnovrt-
fnlC S r"k 0Ut > ,I, la model, stem wind end atom Mt. fitud with * riah*
ly )•’'•'*'* movement (ueranteed 311 years. with lea*
. 1 * lt o, d plated chain for ladies or vast chain for rente
! F You SKE ,T YOU WILU BUT IT
*'*' Mn<4 lt( '- 0- n by eaprerafor yonr caanl
owtton and If you think ft a bargain and equal ha
■aSWSfWraIUPw appearance to any 116.00 gold Sited wauh pay the
agent our apaolal aampta price W 66 and
JEsy *«« «nd chain sent with each natoh. Send ypnratme
y F°rt office and express offiooaddrtM. mention If yon
C FAHBER, A2B, 925DearbornSt Chtesyo.lll.