PAGE TEN
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE
PENNSYLVANIA.
To the Populists of Pennsylvania:
It is hardly necessary to remind you of the
fact, because it is a matter of history, that
some time ago, our candidate for governor
on a Greenback ticket polled over SO,OOO votes,
in a three cornered contest, another of our
candidates for governor somewhat later, this
time on the People’s Party ticket, received
as counted nearly 30.000 votes despite the
fact that the election machinery was in the
hands of both old parties, each equally hostile
to our organization and working conjointly
and singly hard to beat us down.
(You are aware that the election laws now
are different as what they were then, even
the Socialist having minority representation
on the election boards now.)
We also know, that since the ill-fated fusion
with the Democratic party in 1896 our orga
nization went asleep, while a large number of
our members were engaged in the self imposed
task to reform the Democratic party from the
inside. From the beginning success seemed to
crown the efforts and great was the rejoicing
at securing the co-operation of the Democratic
party to the reform cause. But alas, as soon
as the People’s party had gone out of business
for awhile and the <»ld beast thought itself
safe again, it wended its way back, leisurely
but surely back, to the old stable owned by
such patriotic institutions like the Standard
Oil Co., and mortgaged to Wall Street. The
work of reforming the Democratic party was
considered somewhat of a failure then, but
now when we see such eminent statesmen
and unselfish reformers like “Fingy” Connors
and Murphy of New York, Taggart of Indiana.
Smith of New Jersey, Sullivan of Illinois and
other compatriots of like standing mani
pulate and boss the democratic machine, it is
about time to throw up the job and quit for
good.
A revival of the People’s party is at hand.
The old battle-scarred veterans bringing new
recruits with them are falling into line. The
ranks are tilling up rapidly. The People’s
party is coming to its own again. In a fight
for principle victories and defeats are but
incidents, the great tight for reform will go
on until the demands and principles of the
Omaha platform of 1892, that beacon light
of constructive statesmanship copied by
Bryan and partly adopted by Roosevelt and
Taft, are put on the statute books, sym
bolizing a victory of the man over the dollar.
If you are interested in the cause which
the People’s party represents, send your name
and address to.
JOHN RANCH.
817 No. Sth Street, Philadelphia, Pa.
Spread, Ga., August 1, 1908.
To Watson’s Jeffersonians:
Gentlemen —Is there a southern state that
will give Bryan its electoral vote after be has
smitten it on both cheeks as he has done?
Yes, gentlemen, he gave us a good one when
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
he refused to vote for a southern man for
speaker of the House of Representatives just
because he was an ex-Confederate soldier. Tell
me, if you please, how an ex-Confederate sol
dier, his son, or grandson, or a friend of those
brave men or cause for which they fought,
can vote for William J. The civil war closed
in 1865, ami we received this blow from the
said William J. twenty-six years after the
war had closed and the south was doing more
than its full duty in the support of the gov
ernment, and now in 1908, seventeen years
later, this same William J. has the cheek to
ask the south to support him. My friends,
if he gets it, we, the sons of those brave men
who wore the gray and fought for what they
believed to be right, will be disloyal to our
fathers, and God forbid that we should ever
be guilty of such a crime.
This same said W. J. B. gave us another
slap in the face when he condemned Presi
dent Roosevelt for discharging those negro
soldiers for shooting up the town of Browns
ville, and they went to the said W. J. B. with
their troubles; T do not know the exact words
used by the “peerless” one. but he wanted
the negroes to understand that if they would
give him their support ami by so doing elect
him. the great and “peerless leader" of the
Democratic hosts, to the presidency, then they
could shoot up as many southern towns as they
pleased, ami he, the head of the nation, would
just pat them on the back and say: “Enter
thou into the joys of thy lord: you have done
Well; you gave those southern fools what they
deserved.”
My! My! What a dose! Will we‘swal
low it, or will we spit it back in his face at
the polls in November? Boys, I for one, could
not swallow it if T had a stomach of steel
lined with cow hide.
Yours for better things,
LUTHER C. WR EN.
Putnam, Texas, July 23. 1908.
Hom Tims. E. Watson, Editor Jeffersonian,
Thomson, Ga.:
My Dear Sir and Brother—Your favor of
recent date received. Replying. I will say
that I have one hundred copies of the Mis
souri World containing your speech of ac
ceptance of the nomination of the People’s
Party (Jeffersonian Democracy) for presi
dent, ami I am scattering them all over this
part of Texas.
T read in the Fort Worth Record an ac
count of Bryan ami Kern making requests of
farmers all over the United States to come
to their aid with a liberal contribution as a
campaign fund and help them to establish
“true Democracy.” I am made to wonder
what they call Democracy anyway. What
was the platform of 1896? Demo-something.
The platform of 1900, Demo-somelhing-else;
the platform of 1904 (Bryan’s ideal), Parker-
Gold - standard - Wall - Streel-National-Bank
“true Democracy." Say. boys, Bryan certain
ly has been right at some time. He has been on
every side of every question, and God only
knows what he will be next; I suppose any
thing to satisfy that presidential bumble-bee
that has buzzed in and around his ears these
fourteen years. But I don’t like the idea
of his nicknaming Democracy, do you? No!
But, pshaw! planks are made to get in on,
you know, not to stand on. So Democracy
may mean just anything after you are in.
Cleveland Democracy is just as good as any
other after you are in. I mean for the sugar
trust. You know, Bryan Democracy is equal
ly good tor national bankers, and just any old
kind of Democracy will do the other trusts
and combines, just so they are allowed to say
what the platform shall be and who shall
stand on it, Taft or Bryan, for both are
Democrats, you know.
But where, oh. where, is the Democracy of
our fathers? Equal rights to all and special
privileges to none. Oh, “where are we at”?
How long, dear friends, shall we continue to
follow after such leaders as Bryan, Parker,
Belmont, Taggart & Co., plutocrats instead of
Democrats, wolves in sheep skins? Soon the
chains of slavery will be so securely fastened
about us that it will be impossible to extri
cate ourselves. We, our wives and dear
little ones will be driven to poverty, hunger,
shame and nakedness. Our standard-bearer
said, and truthfully so, “History repeats
itself. ’ ’
Work while it is day, for night will over
take you (slavish darkness), when no man
can work. Hoist the banner of freedom (Jef
fersonian Democracy), place it on the enemy’s
breastworks and never give up until the last
foe is conquered and victory is ours. If we
don't succeed at first, try again. Fight, fight,
fight; don t give it up. Hold up the hands
of our standard bearer, support him with
head, hand and heart, and last, but not least,
your pocketbook. R. T. SHORT.
England. Ark., July 31, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.:
I did not write the fonner letter for pub
lication: did not even re-read it. I wrote
for your information. I hardly think it was
fit for publication.
As this is election year, 1 think every
member should have our principles in con
densed form in it. Like this:
The People’s Party stands for—
Equal rights to all, and exclusive privileges
to none.
For government money only to be loaned
to the people at low rates, not over 4 per
cent., so that the country may be developed,
panics averted, thereby insuring prosperity
all the time.
lor government savings banks. They never
fail.
I’or government telegraphs and telephones,
lor government ownership of the railroads
as (he only means of escaping railroad extor
tion and railroad domination of the country.
For a parcels post, that the people may
enjoy the blessings of that instrument of civ
ilization.