PAGE TWELVE
Ellis, of Philadelphia, Vilifies
Watson
(concluded from page one)
Superior Court of McDuffie county, Georgia,
has jurisdiction over my person and property.
If W. T. Ellis is not the most arrant co ward
and unblushing liar that ever came from
Y ankeedom to abuse a Southern man, he will
enter a suit for damages against me.
He told the Macon Convention that I had
slandered the missionaries. If that be so, it
is his duty to prove it, and have me pun
ished.
Let him try it on —the cowardly, venomous,
vituperative cur!
He told the Macon Convention that I had
compared the pure missionary women with
Elsie Sigel: and to that falsehood he tacked
another, towit—that Elsie Sigel was not a
missionary.
Every reader of the two Jeffersonians
knows that I have never compared any pure
missionary woman to Elsie Sigel.
In a lecture at Crawfordsville, Indiana,
last June, the missionary, Dr. Paul Wake
field, declared that the instruction of China
men by European women was fraught with
danger for the women: that the missionaries
had long known that the system had led to
the ruin of many white girls; and that, there
fore, 44 11 e missionaries were not at all sur
prised to learn of the Elsie Sigel tragedy."
Regarding this statement as one of the
most frightful confessions that was ever seen
in print, I wrote the editorial “IIZZJ7 II A
MISSIONARIES CONCEALED!”
Dr. S. J. Corey, then in Georgia, wrote me
that Wakefield would make a denial of that
statement. In due time, the denial arrived.
But I made an investigation, and with the
aid of Dr. John N. Taylor, of Crawfords
ville, got positive proof on W 'ake field.
One of the two reports from which I
quoted, was dictated to Mr. Charles Bowers
(reporter) by Dr. Makefield, himself. This
was previous to the delivery of the lecture.
After the lecture, the reporter of the other
paper (Mr. Peterson) got his story of the lec
ture from the wife of the Christian minister,
in whose church W akefield lectured.
IN EVERY ESSENTIAL PARTICU
LAR. THE TWO REPORTS ARE IDEN
TICALLY THE SAME.
How could such a coincidence have hap
pened, accidentally ? The Christian lady did
not know what Dr. Wakefield had dictated
to Mr. Bowers; and of course he could not
have known what she was going to tell the
other reporter over the telephone.
There was no motive to falsify. There was
no chance for collusion. And no denial of
the reports was entered, until they saw how
terribly Wakefield's cat-out-of-the-bag was
damaging “the cause".
The confession of Dr. Paul Wakefield —
horrible as it is! was corroborated by Mrs.
Florence Todd, Mrs. Julia Smith, Rev. Dr.
Asa P. Blackburn and others.
To cap the climax, Dr. August H. Bach, re
cently returned from China after twelve
years’ work in the mission field, has aban
doned the job as hopeless: and he says that
there are many Elsie Sigel cases in the Chi
nese field.
I havo not -hindered any one. Proofs have
been offerer] for (»very statement of fact. The
missionaries themselves supply me with am
munition. From their books, pamphlets,
magazine-. papers, interviews, and newspa
per article-. I get all the material needed to
demonstrate the unscriptural character of
latter-dav methods.
Wealthy Northern philanthropists are con
centrating their time ami money on the uplift
of the SOUTHERN NEGRO: the Southern
missionary zealots are draining off into hea
thendom the millions which should be applied,
to the uplift of the SOUTHERN WHITES.
Gba 'Seffersontait
This Mr. Ellis, this malicious and menda
cious slanderer from the North, is playing
into the hands of the Social Equality Educa
tional Trust. lam battling, with might and
main, for my own flesh and blood, the boys
and girls of the South: and am doing all that
I caii to arouse our people to a sense of the
necessity of concentrating our time and
money on the moral, educational
rial betterment of THE SOUTHERN
WHITES.
In the name of God! What will be the
condition in the Southern States fifty years
hence, if the Rockefeller Educational Trust
(aided by dozens of similar endowments) shall
have continued to educate and industrially
train the negro, while the whites have con
tinued to pour into foreign countries the
money so vitally necessary to the education
and industrial training of WHITE BOYS
AND GIRLS?
It is a terribly big question. Give the
heathen what Paul gave them — nothing
more! Don’t undertake to educate, industri
ally train, medically treat and musically de
velop 800.000,000 heathen —besides supplying
them with medicine, food, clothing, orphans'
homes, widows’ homes, hospitals and trained
nurses.
P. S. —This Mr. Ellis is' the same man who,
“curiously enough”, advised Bryan to read
my “Life and Times of Jefferson”, “in that
campaign" of 1896. when I was one of the
two tails to the Democratic calf. The book
which Ellis advised Peerless to read, “in that
campaign", was not written and published
until several years afterwards. As a prophet,
therefore. Fllis ranks high: as a narrator of
facts he lacks a good deal of being a George
Washington. Ellis can tell 'em.
Answering Some Questions
(concluded from page nine)
respect, he would relieve you of embarrass
ment by getting out.
(4) I don't think that any investigating
committee ever did. or ever will, get at the
truth of any matter in dispute, when only one
side is allowed to be heard. The underhand
ed manner which John Lee has' adopted, is
doing the Union more harm than it does me.
It would be very much better for the Union
to hear both sides, sift the conflicting evi
dence. and thus arrive at the truth. If Lee.
Duck, Bode and Ladson did not know that I
can prove everything charged against them,
they would not hide “behind closed doors”.
(5) An open investigation of the charges
brought by me against those individuals.
would not involve the Union, nor necessitate
the exposure of a single one of its secrets.
(6) No mistake was made, when the'chal
lenges of Ellis and Broughton were declined.
Foreign Missions is too big a subject for one
debate; and, besides, such a debate would
have brought personalism into the question.
Because of the challenges, I was almost com
pelled to offer SSOO and my half of the “gate
receipts” for one or two debates with Bryan
—but you won’t catch me in a verbal debate
with a preacher, or one of the paid partisans
of the missionaries.
At the same time that a verbal discussion
with Dr. Broughton was declined, I offered
to debate the subject with him in my paper,
or Magazine. Any of them can get a bellyful
of that sort of discussion —and that is the
most satisfactory way to debate a topic of
that kind.
(7) Have not sought any debate with Lee,
Duckworth and Boodlehunter. Would not
have any oral discussion with either of them.
Have merely suggested that they owed, it to
the Union, to meet those charges by holding a
public inquiry. If they were innocent, that's
what they would demand. -
Even Ballinger demanded an investigation,
you know. The better class of farmers are
ashamed of these leaders who are openly ac-
cused, by a responsible person, and who skulk
“behind closed doors"'.
(8) Possibly. But Hoke was and is a
very large, and a somewhat oppressively
handsome man; whereas, Joe Brown ain’t.
Hoke seemed to be contrasting his own physi
cal splendors with the scrawniness and home
liness of Little Joe. Hence, the bad taste of
Hoke, and its bad effect upon his campaign.
Now, as to John Lee and myself, things are
different. John is the tall, stalwart, hand
some man, while I’m the slender and ugly
one.
The canons of good taste forbid any refer
ence to personal appearance, where such ref
erence is derogatory, and suggestive of physi
cal imperfection. Thus one may not, with
propriety, allude to a lady’s lack of personal
attractions. If she has carroty hair; or a
long, wrinkled neck; or bad teeth and green
eyes; or a misshapen figure and big feet, gen
tility demands that we seem not to see these
blemishes. To speak of them, would be bar
barous.
But'"if a lady is beautiful, we may compli
ment her appearance, praise the glory of her
eyes, complexion, pearly teeth, symmetrical
figure, and dainty little feet. If one is poeti
cal, one raves over these perfections, and
writes verses about them.
Now, the same rule applies to men. It is
not proper to make comments, of a deroga
tory character, about the physical makeup of
such men as Little Joe and I. We are not
responsible. It’s bad enough to be burdened
with our physical short-comings, without be
ing censured and derided.
But if a man is big. and handsome —exam-
ples: Taft, Hoke, and John Lee—it is per
fectly permissible to speak of it. One may,
with absolute decorum, compliment either of
these gentlemen on his genial countenance,
his sparkling eyes, his manly form, his dig
nified deportment. The poetically gifted
may even rave over it, and write verses
about it.
John Lee is going to be terribly cut up,
when he learns that my questioner took him
out of the handsome class, and put him into
the Ugly Group. My curious questioner has
virtually declared that John is no better look
ing than Joe Brown and Yours Truly. That’s
an awful slam on John.
Another Beauty Spot in the Unit
ed States Treasury Report
9
In the official Report of the United States
Treasury, for January 18, 1910, it appears
that the National Banks hold nearly $50,-
000,000 of your money.
Os this amount, upwards of $12,000,000 is
entered “To the credit of the Disbursing
Officers”.
But more than $36,000,000 of it is not sub
ject to the drafts of the Disbursing Officers.
A formal call, in advance of checking out,
would be necessary, before the funds would
be available for governmental purposes.
In other words, the $36,274,967.13 consti
tutes a loan of your money to the National
Banks. Why does the Government lend your
money to the National Banks? Partly, for
the purpose of enabling The Pets to lend it
to you.
You ask: “Do The Pets pay the Govern
ment any interest for the use of our money?”
No, indeed! The idea of such a thing!
You must be “cracked”, to ask such a ques
tion.
You ask: “Do we pay interest to The Pets
for the use of some of our own money?”
Why, of course, you do! Why do you ask
such foolish questions, anyway?
Inasmuch as the National Banks ordinarily
have the free use of about $150,000,000 of
your money, the Morgan Money Trust has
demanded that another bond issue be made.
Morgan’s President and Cabinet have con-