PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian,
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE. ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than sl. CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
the al>ove date appears on
A 1 Bj Si* ■ll the label on your paper it
means that your subscrip
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Georgia, February 24, 1910
The Man and the Woman
As far back as we can trace the history of
mankind, the sexes have been marked by the
same mental and physical differences that
separate them now. Ages have come and
gone, without evolving the slightest variation
from the original types.
Man is built on lines of Strength: woman
with reference to Grace and Beauty.
The prominent structural features of the
man are his large head, thick neck, broad
shoulders, strong arms and hands, deep chest,
powerful thighs, broad feet, big teeth and
strong, sonorous voice.
Tn the normal woman, the whole physique
is built with reference to the womb, and the
nurture of its fruit. The hips are broad, the
breasts are full: in the one region, the child
is carried until its birth; in the other, is its
food during its helpless babyhood. £
The typical head of the woman
than that of the man; is covered by longer,
finer hair; is supported by the graceful curv
ing neck, which swells into the voluptuous
bosom. Tapering to the waistline, the form
expands, again, around the uterus; and then
tapers to the little feet which, in the normal
woman, are ever smaller and weaker than
those of the normal man—as her hands are.
These being the actual, undeniable facts,
who can escape the logical conclusion that
Nature intended that these differently con
structed beings should perform different
functions?
If they were meant to do the same things,
why should they not have been created along
the same lines?
A man can receive the hardest blows—
where? On his chest. Strike a woman there,
and you will kill her.
A man can hurl weapons with marvellous
force and precision. Did you ever see a girl
who could throw a rock like a boy? You
never did.
A man bounds on a horse, and rides it as
though he were a part of it: but even the
woman who rides astride is never at home in
the saddle.
Pitch something toward a man, telling
him to catch it, and his open palms instinct
ively extend themselves. Do the same thing
to a woman, and she will grab her apron, or
spread, her limbs to catch it in her lap.
To all normal men, comes the beard: to
normal women, it never comes. To all nor
mal men comes the instinct of mastery: in
all normal women, is the readiness to yield,
to the rinht man.
Throughout animated Nature, there is ab
solutely no excepton to the kingship of the
male.
In the beasts of the field, in the fowls of
Jeffersonian
the air, in the fishes of the sea — the male is
master.
There was never a primitive tribe or a pa
triarchal family that did not conform to the
law of Nature, in assigning different spheres
of action to the different sexes. The man
whs the hunter and the warrior, the law
giver and the judge. It was the man who
originated agriculture, manufactures and
commerce. It was the man who set up gov
ernment, and governed.
Occupied with the performance of her sex
duty and the keeping of the home, what time
did wives have to act as law-makers, magis
trates and soldiers? Consider how fully the
life of the mother was taken up by the bear
ing, nurture and the training of her children !
jn old times, there were practically no
spinsters. Now and then, there might be a
sexually defective male, or female; but
mating w’as the rule. The lives of single
blessedness led by. so many of our sisters of
today, are due to modern, unnatural and law
made conditions.
In the innermost heart of every normal
woman, is the yearning for the coming of
her King, and, the sweets of home-life —in-
dispensable to which are children.
If the master fails to come, and the home
is a lost hope, or for some other cause the
woman is dissatisfied with her lot, she rebels
against the existing order, attributes her lack
of happiness to conventionalities, and be
comes a suffragette.
Whenever the men become incapable of
governing, the end of all things has arrived.
// z7?w/ can't do the part that naturally fails
to them, the women needn't try.
If the franchise is given to women, one of
two things is bound to happen: either they
will vote with the male members of the fam
ily—thus gaining nothing— or they will an
tagonize the male members, thus playing the
mischief with the peace and happiness of the
household.
I he very first result of Woman’s Suffrage
in this country would be, to augment the
power of the papal hierarchy. Pappy would
tell Cardinal Gibbons what to do; the Cardi
nal would tell Brother Ireland; and from
these high muck-a-mucks the'orders would
go to the priests, and the priests would tell
the women. Within twenty-four hours, the
priests could change enough votes in any
doubtful State, or district to control any Con
gressional or Presidential election. They
have done that very thing already in Den
ver, Colorado, time and again. With univer
sal Woman’s Suffrage, they could do it all
over the United States.
That this departure from her natural
sphere would lead the Fair One, at last, to
social equality, Socialism and Free Love,
there is no doubt whatsoever. Os course, she
throws up her hand, in horrified denial; but
logic is logic, and it works like the mills of
the gods.
Merchant Marine Facts
Hello! you Farmers’ Union editors who al
lowed the Ship Subsidy thieves to make little
second-hand monkeys of you—listen, and
learn something.
T on can ship oats, wheat or corn from any
American port to Europe for less than two
cents a bushel! Now what do you think of
that? For carrying American freight,
thousands of miles across the ocean, the for
eigners charge us less than our railroads
charge for hauling it from one county into
another.
And it is the railroad crowd that has roped
you in to howl, “Merchant Marine"!
A sea-going ship cannot safely make a voy
age without being weighted down to a cer
tain extent. If she cannot get a cargo, she
most fill up with what they term “ballast”.
This is stone, earth, or anything that makes
weight. In New York, Seattle, San Fran-
cisco, New Orleans, Boston, etc., the ballast
costs money.
Consequently, it often happens that, after
the foreign vessel has unloaded and is ready
to set forth on the return trip, she is unable
to secure a cargo. Rather than buy stone, or
other material for ballast, she will offer to
load up with cotton, wheat or lumber, to be
transported, FREE OF CHARGE, to her
home port.
Doesn’t this prove that ocean freight rates
are as low as they can be? Would you want
them to go lower? What have the farmers
and merchants of this country to complain of
in the matter of “Merchant Marine”, when
they can have their products carried to for
eign markets at such astonishingly low
freight rates ?
My! my! MY!! To think of these Farm
ers’ Union editors—who don’t dare discuss
tariff robberies, railroad extortions and Con
gresional legislation—howling in mysterious
concert about “Merchant Marine".
They are so dreadfully alarmed lest some
one lead their readers into the wicked realms
of politics, that they are afraid to explain
the whys and the wherefores of the concen
tration of power and wealth in the hands of
the Specially Privileged Few.
Yet the cunning agents of the S. P. Few
can twist their caudal appendages, and make
’em all howl, “Merchant Marine!"
Funny, isn’t it?
V J
Where I Get My Ignorance From
A good Missouri friend. W. O. Stewart,
sends me the following, clipped from The
Word and Way:
"Thomas Watson, of Georgia, is an attractive
speaker and writer. He edits a magazine. He
has the serious misfortune of being calamitously
ignorant about the work of Foreign Missions. He
furnishes fallacious excuses to anti-missionary
people. We heard Watson speak on a better
theme than his anti-missionary spirit has chosen,
ye iegiet that he is violently ignorant. He owes
it to himself to go and see the work which mis
sionaries are doing.”
The paper which published the above is a
denominational organ of the Baptist Church,
and is edited by S. M. Brown, R. K. Maiden
and N. R. Pittman. Whether either of these
able Christians are kin to Bell and Graham,
of the alleged Christian Index, I can’t say.
The above paragraph is brief, but it makes
two allusions to my ignorance. In one place
I am “calamitously ignorant”. Upon whom
the calamity has fallen, is not stated. We’re
not sensible of any of it,, at this end.
In the other allusion,*l am said to be, “vio
lently ignorant”. That is certainly a queer
form for ignorance to take. It is all right
to refer to my “abysmal ignorance”, as Ellis
did; or to my “oceanic ignorance”, as Ellis
did; but to say that a man is “violently ig
norant”, is on a par with saying that a man
is guilty of disorderly conduct because he is
ugly.
But where does all this ignorance of mine
corye from? I haven’t said a blessed thing,
save byway of comment on the facts set
forth in missionary books, pamphlets, maga
zines, papers, official reports and missionary
letters.
I have put the missionaries themselves on
the stand, and made out my case with their
testimony. If they are not'doing what they
report that they have been doing—why, I’m
ready to take back everything I’ve said.
Os course, it will create an awful scandal,
if the missionaries confess that they have
been sending us fake pictures, false figures,
sham reports, and all that. But it will be
their lookout, not mine. •
I have reproduced their own pictures,
their own facts. If they are without foun
dation in truth, just let me know it.
It was not The Jeffs that ran the notice,
begging for American money wherewith to
buy “Dear Little Dora”, away yonder across