we have loved and who have loved us, and for
getfulness for old pains and disappointments.
Bring us a larger Charity for our fellow-man,
and a constant remembrance of the truth that
if we knew what his burden is and what his
troubles and his limitations are, we would
perhaps give him the warm hand of encourage
ment instead of the mailed fist of condemna
tion.
Bring us the strength to keep in the middle
of the road, to speak the right word, to do the
right thing, regardless of earthly reward, —
heedless of everything save the voice from
within.
Bring us Peace, —peace with our neighbor,
peace with our foe, peace of mind and peace
of soul.
And, Santa Claus, do bring us, if you can,
the feeling that we have not lived in vain, have
not fought and toiled in vain, have not suf
fered and sacrificed in vain, but that, after all,
we have done some little good in the world,
have sent some ray of light, some crumb of
comfort, some inspiration into the lives of
others.
•S H H
The Panama Canal Scandal.
This sudden blaze of Roosevelt-Cromwell
anger and indignant surprise at the revival of
the Panama Canal Scandal is rather funny.
Apparently Mr. Roosevelt and Mr. Crom
well have just learned that a large body of
American people are convinced that the act
ings and doings of Buneau-Varilla and Wil
liam Nelson Cromwell reeked with fraud and
criminality.
Where was Mr. Roosevelt’s attention, dur
ing the tedious days when that noble old
Roman, Senator John T. Morgan of Alabama,
was trying to wring the truth out of Cromwell
in that Senatorial investigation several years
ago?
Did the country ever witness a spectacle
more shameful than the manner in which
Cromwell defied Senator Morgan, refusing to
answer questions, and hiding the scoundrelism
of Buneau-Varilla and himself behind the Priv
ilege of an attorney?
There was something to conceal, because
Cromwell concealed it. There was something
they dared not allow to crop out, for Crom
well refused to give replies to questions which
were so suggestive of the existence of damn
ing facts THAT CROMWELL’S REFUS
ALS TO ANSWER LEFT HIM IN THE
SAME FIX AS THE COMPREHENSIVE
FORGETFULNESS OF ROCKEFELLER
AND ARCHBOLD LEFT THAT PREC
IOUS PAIR OF RASCALS.
Has Mr. Roosevelt forgotten all this?
Surely the President does not suppose that
the country has no recollection of the manner
in which our State Department aided Crom
well and Buneau-Varilla in manufacturing a
revolution at Panama and in robbing Colum
bia of the Canal Zone !
How can we forget “Loomis, acting,” who
sat at one end of the heated wire in our State
Department, at Washington, while the con
spirators in Panama sat at the other?
It must be that Mr. Roosevelt has never
heard of the powerful and conclusive arraign
ment of the Cromwell-Buneau-Varilla crowd
by Senator A. O. Bacon, of Georgia.
This arraignment of our Goverament and of
the Panama conspirators was »ot a whispered
slander; it was the accusing voice of a mem
ber of a co-ordinate branch of the Government,
ARRAIGNING THE EXECUTIVE DE
PARTMENT FOR HIGH CRIMES AND
MISDEMEANORS.
' No answers were given to Senator Morgan’s
questions which suggested fraud. No satis
factory reply was made to Senator Bacon’s
speeches which accused the conspirators of
fraud and crime, AND THE GOVERN
MENT OF COLLUSION WITH THESE
CRIMINALS.
It is intimated that unless the papers drop
this Panama scandal somebody will be prose
cuted for libel.
“Jeffersonian
BOSH!!
The reason why Cromwell NOW talks so
glibly about the Panama deal, is that he gave
much money to the Taft campaign fund and
expects a Cabinet position.
n * *
One Ref ormer Who Has Had Enough.
Once upon a time, “befo’ de wah,” there
was a man of the name of Gibson. Os all
thin men, he was the thinnest. His skin
stuck to his bones with such desperate tight
ness that there was no room for flesh between
the skin and the bones. Enjoying the best of
health, blessed with a digestion which bade
defiance even to corn dumplings, cold cabbage,
fried hog-meat and Boston pudding, nature de
nied him fat.
One summer when he was feeling the need
of a change from the monotony of plantation
life, this Mr. Gibson indulged in the luxury of
spending a few weeks at a famous “Watering
place,” whose various springs were sure cures
for every disease going.
The crowd of people at the springs was
large, and Mr. Gibson had been carrying his
living skeleton around for a couple of weeks
before his extreme lankness attracted the at
tention of one of the old negro servants of the
place.
This negro had long been in the habit of
yielding to his curiosity to find out what ailed
the various patrons of the establishment; and
such a case as that of Mr. Gibson could not
escape his eye.
Seizing the first favorable opportunity, the
old darkey opened up conversation with the
living skeleton, and by easy approaches led
up to the question,
“Boss, what wuz de matter wid yer, when
you fust come heah?”
Laconically and seriously, Mr. Gibson
answered,
“Dropsy.”
Staggered for a moment, the old darkey fin
ally drew a deep, deep breath, and said, with
earnest conviction, as he again looked Gibson
over,
“Well, Boss, you’se de bes’ kuored man
whut’s ever come here, yit.”
This isn’t much of a story, but the thing
actually happened, and it fits Hoke Smith so
well, in some respects, that we couldn’t keep
it back.
If Hoke ever was dropsical on the subject
of reform, he’s been tapped, or something, for
he’s the best cured victim of that disease we’ve
ever known.
Alas! That the fiery champion of the down
trodden people should have so soon grown
weary of a thankless task. When the rewards
gave out, Hoke’s reform fever passed away.
Eager for office, Hoke, in the twinkle of an
eye, changed from a Clevelandite to a Populite.
On the stump, how he did belabor the rapa
cious corporations! Virtually he said, “Make
me Governor, and I will put a stop to this
railroad stealage of $50,000,000 per year. They
rob you of that amount annually, in extortion
ate charges. Put me in office, and I will save
you from the despoilers.”
Well, we took him at his word and gave
him the office. What reform in the railroad
situation did we get from his administration?
We got a trebling of the expense of the
Railroad Commission, and just enough inter
ference with the corporations to make all of
them piping mad.
We failed to rip up the illegal relations be
tween the Central and the Southern. The
people are still being squeezed to pay divi
dends on the forty odd million dollars of wat
ered stocks and bonds issued by the last gang
of New York rascals that had hold of the Cen
tral. Maj. Hanson still gets $30,000 per year,
as President of this corporation, while the em
ployees who really operate the railroad and
the steamships are underpaid.
Everybody knows that the charter of the
Central has been forfeited, time and again, by
mis-user, and that the State could condemn
the road, buy it in, and add it to the Western
and Atlantic,—thus giving the people a mag
nificent highway to deep-water. Such a
through-line would be of immense value to
the State, and would compel other lines to
lower rates to earn a reasonable profit on act
ual investment. But Hoke was the lawyer
who made good, in a Federal Court, the un
constitutional merger of the Southern and Cen
tral ; and as Governor he refused to take any
steps against his clients.
Therefore, we must be patient while the
public is “held up” for dividends on fictitious
capitalization and for Major Hanson’s salary
of nearly one hundred dollars per day, —includ-
ing Sundays, legal holidays, vacation trips to
Europe, and a week or so at the Atlanta
Horse-Show, to say nothing of days of rest
and recreation in New York, and other fasci
nating haunts of pleasure.
You will remember that Governor Hoke
couldn’t spare one single day to help the
Farmers’ Union in its fight for better prices.
“Rush of business,” you know.
But as soon as the Methodist Conferences
began, there was a sudden ebb in that tide of
gubernatorial business. The Governor left
his post of duty to attend these conferences,
and speak on Education, shake the glad hands
of the preachers, and thus lay up a good supply
of popularity for Hoke’s future use.
There was nothing in it for Hoke at New
Orleans, and so he broke his word to the far
mers and didn’t go.
The Methodist Conferences in Georgia were
different and he went.
The Conservation Congress in Washington
City was different also, and he went. He was
absent from his post of duty more than a week,
—for in the Conservation Congress there was
limelight and opportunity for Hoke to do
something for Hoke.
And it was in this Congress that our popu
lar champion of 1906 showed how completely
his failure to get a second term had cured him
of the fever of Reform.
Here is the Resolution which Governor
Smith advocated in Committee and reported
to the Congress:
“Railroad construction in the south has been
extensive, but the rapid commercial growth
of that section requires an enormous increase
in its railroad facilities to transport to market
its many and varied products. The construc
tion of such adequate facilities can be accom
plished only by assuring the holders of capital
that such enterprises WILL BE SAFE
GUARDED BY CONSERVATIVE AND
CONSTRUCTIVE LEGISLATION, and we
urge upon legislators the wisdom of such a
policy and CONDEMN ANY AGITATION
LEADING TO THE CONTRARY. WE
favor a spirit of co-operation between the peo
ple and the railroads, and other corporate in
terests, to the end that the required confidence
of investors may be established in the securi
ties of the corporations of the south.”
No wonder that the Atlanta Constitution,
and other newspapers which fought the Re
formers ih 1906 are chuckling over Hoke’s
“cure.”
H
Ry What Right ?
In heathen lands, Christian missionaries
take the children of foreigners into their
own tender care and keeping, train these
foreign children in kindergartens, pass them
on to the schools, and finally graduate them
from the missionary colleges.
Immense sums of money are carried awav
from America for this purpose, and this wealth
is a complete financial loss to us. It goes
abroad ami it stars abroad.
Bv what moral right do we educate heathen
children, when our own little ones are slaving
out their lives in the mill, or in the field, or in
the sweat-shop?
By what moral .right do we establish kinder
gartens, schools and colleges for Chinese chil
dren when American children are growing up
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE