PAGE FOUR
Summary of TLbents as They Happen
Gray to Aid Johnson.
Chicago, April 19. —The Presidential aspira
tions of Governor Johnson will be pushed by
the Iroquois Club —the original Cleveland
Club —with a big banquet on May 2. Accord
ing to plans announced today, besides Gover
nor Johnson as guest of honor and principal
speaker, there will be in attendance and speak
ing Judge George Gray, of Delaware, who has
himself been indorsed for the nomination by
the Delaware Democratic State Convention;
Lieutenant-Governor Lewis S. Chanler, of New
York; Malcolm Rice Patterson, former con
gressman from Tennessee, and local speakers.
“I have received the invitation of the Iro
quois Club for Governor Johnson and have
given the assurance that he will attend —if I
have to go and get him myself,” said F. B.
Lynch, chairman of the Johnson headquarters
in the Grand Pacific Hotel.
William Jennings Bryan was invited to the
feast, but has not accepted, and, with John
son as sole occupant of the centre of the stage,
the-club officials expect the banquet to devel
op into a rousing demonstration for the Min
nesota executive. Democrats from all parts
of the state are expected to gather at the din
ner.
Getting After Anarchists.
Chicago, April 21. —One hundred and flf.ty
four men have been deprived of their rights
of citizenship by the courts as a result of
the war upon anarchists.
Judge Pinckney revoked the naturalization
papers of fifty-five men who are susp'ted of
having anarchistic affiliations, and last week
Judge Ball revoked the papers of ninety-nine
persons who had failed to take an oath that
they were not connected with any society seek
ing the overthrow of the government.
Still After the Railroads.
Washington, April 22. —The administration
has not ended its war upon railroad corpora
tions guilty of violation of the Sherman anti
trust law. The latest company which A has
been decided to place upon the rack is the
New York, New Haven and Hartford. With
the approval of the President, Attorney-Gen
eral Bonaparte is preparing to institute a suit
against this railroad for the purpose of secur
ing its separation from the 1,500 miles of
trolley line which it owns.
The suit may not be the only one which
will be filed against this road. For almost a
year the Department of Justice, through Dis
trict Attorney French, stationed at Boston,
and Special Attorney Kratz, of Washington,
has been making an exhaustive investigation
of the relations of the New York, New Haven
and Hartford with the Boston and Maine Rail
road, with various trolley systems, and with a
dozen steamship lines.
Say Roosevelt Could Have Third Term.
New York, April 21. —That President
Roosevelt could have a third term in the
White House if he signified his desire for it
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
was generally expressed this afternoon by
representative newspaper owners and publish
ers, gathered from all over the country to at
tend the annual meeting of the Associated
Press, held at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel.
Many of the editors were' strongly in’ favor
of a third term, while a few opposed it, but
the greater number —even his political oppon
ents —agreed that if the President should ex
press his willingness to accept he would sweep
the country.
Taft and Bryan.
New York, April 20. —Colonel Henry Wat
terson, with whom Mr. Bryan had breakfast
today, said there was nothing in their conver
sation that he eared to make public. “Per
sonally, I have no doubt that Mr. Bryan will
be nominated at Denver,” said he, “and I
think that we have a good chance to elect him.
The movement in the interest of Governor
Johnson comes too late, and from the wrong
quarter. If the interests that are now urg
ing his nomination had backed me up when
I advocated his candidacy ten months ago, he
might have had a chance for the nomination.”
Colonel Watterson, discussing the Republic
an situation, said that Taft would be nomi
nated.
Upholds Initiative and Referendum.
Guthrie, Okla., April 20. —The state supreme
court today held that the initiative and refer
endum provisions of the Oklahoma constitu
tion were not in violation of the constitution
of the United States.
Nebraska Loses.
Washington, April 21. —The supreme court
yesterday dismissed the application made by
the state of Nebraska for a writ of mandamus,
to compel the federal court in that state to
relinquish jurisdiction over a suit brought by
the attorney-general of Nebraska to enjoin
the Burlington and other roads in the state
from refusing to put into effect the 2-eent
passenger rate fixed by the state legislature.
The circuit court assumed jurisdiction over
the case on the ground that it was a contro
versy between citizens of different states, and
further that it was a suit against a state pro
hibited by the constitution, because the state
of Nebraska was not the real party plaintiff,
notwithstanding it was brought by the attor
ney general.
In dismissing the petition Chief Justice Ful
ler delivered the opinion of the court, after
reviewing at length the various decisions bear
ing on the question at issue.
Increases Widows’ Pensions.
Washington, April 21. —President Roosevelt
has signed the widows’ pension bill, which
adds approximately $13,000,000 to the pension
rolls. The bill grants pensions of sl2 a month
to some 190,000 widows, most of them widows
of civil war veterans.
In a large number of these cases the law
will operate to allow increases instead of orig
inal claims. The law becomes effective at
-lUr
SI.OO. We pay express to first in county.
R. F. D. Gate recommended by Assistant Post
master General for use on rural routes. In
use in 35 states, Canada, Porto Rico, etc. Took
first premium at Illinois State Fair and other
fairs.
Opened from buggy. You make it. Send SI.OO
for set of flanged hinge castings, full and
complete directions, and license. We pay ex
press.
Farmers, doctors and rural route agents—
keep out of the mud; stay in your buggy and
pull a rope to open your gate. You haven’t
time to climb in and out of your buggy or
wagon to open or close that old gate,—life
is too short.
THORPE GATE CO., WAPELLA, ILLS.
The Ute and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson
contains a biographical sketch written by him
self, and a careful selection of addresses made
by him during the last thirty years.
These speeches cover a great variety of
subjects. They begin with a eulogy which Mr.
Watson delivered in the Georgia Legislature
on Alex H. Stephens. They contain some of
his Commencement speeches. They also con
tain his Labor Day speech, and many of his
political and economic addresses, the result of
years of the closest research and study. These
speeches cover the Child Labor question, Na
tional Finance, discussion of the Tariff Sys
tem, of the National Banking System, the
Government Ownership of Railroads, the cor
rupt legislation put upon the country by the
two old parties, a thorough exposition of the
principles of Jeffersonian Democracy and a
thorough treatment of the. evils of class legis
lation which now oppress the people.
This book is illustrated, is printed in good
type, and is bound in cloth. Price, prepaid,
$1.50.
We will send this book free of charge to
any one who subscribes to the Jeffersonian
Magazine for five years at $5.00. The book
will also be sent as a premium to any one
who will raise a club of five subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each. It will be mailed as a premium
to any one who sends us six subscribers to
the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,.
Thomson, Ga.
once. It affects only widows who were mar
ried prior to June 27, 1890.
Only Two Battleships.
Washington, April 21. —The senate commit
tee on naval affairs yesterday put the battle
ship issue squarely up to the President.
Senator Hale, chairman of the committee,
brought the naval appropriation bill into the
senate from the committee, with a favorable
report, and the item in the bill as it came
from the House, authorizing two battle ships,
was not changed. That an effort will be made
to change it on the floor of the Senate is
probable.
R. F. D.
Automatic
Gate