now express a willingness for the individual
citizen to own his home.
But they don’t mean it,—for that is not So
cialism.
If I may own my home, under Socialism,
who will deny me the right to own a flower
garden in front, a vegetable garden in the
rear, and a farm to support my family?
Concede me my right to privately own my
home, and you must leave it to me to say how
many acres I need for that purpose, or you
give me a boss to rule me on the very point
where I will fight to the death rather than be
ruled.
Unless you allow to each man the liberty to
decide for himself how he shall work out his
ideal of a home, you have imposed a galling
tyranny upon him. And if you do allow the
individual to be his own boss, in the matter of
buying land for his house, garden and farm,
you land in Populism before you can say
“Jack Robinson.”
The truth is, we Pops go far enough in
radicalism, and the Socialists ought to realize
it We reformers are wasting this generation
by not getting together. It is folly to talk
about abolishing the Senate, amending the
Constitution by a majority vote, and Social
izing “all land.”
Human nature is just this: every man wants
a square deal, and naturally hates to be bossed
or ill-treated or robbed. He wants an equal
chance in the race of life. It rankles in him
to have to submit to what he feels is wrong.
He wants to do as he Meases in choosing his
work, and he wants to be paid what that work
is worth. Above all things, he wants a mate
that will be a companion to his soul, and a
piece of land where he and his mate can create
a home and rear their young. Visionaries and
doctrinaires who ignore these elemental facts
about human nature, build their systems on
sand.
Populism can work with Socialism, heart
and hand, when its leaders some down out the
clouds of misty speculation, and put their feet
on solid ground.
»•
Liberia and the Democrc, fs.
Write to your Congressmen and ask them
why they did not oppose the appointment of
the Commission to Liberia. Mak? yourself
felt.
The Democrats united with . the Republi
cans and appropriated $20,000 of your money
to pay the expense of the black and white
negroes who are to go to Africa to study con
ditions in the nigger “republic” of Liberia.
Why did Congress do this?
BECAUSE BOOKER WASHINGTON
DEMANDED IT.
Is it any of our business how.badly the ne
groes of Liberia manage their affairs?. Cer
tainly not. Do we care a continental what
they do and how they do it, over there in
Africa? No, we don't.
But because Booker Washington got busy
and made clamorous harangues in which he
declared that “we owed it to Liberia” to act
as wet-nurse to that degraded spot. Congress
appoints a Commission, and thus commits it
self to the Booker Washington vi?w of the
case.
That $20,000 appropriation is the fore
runner of others that will milk your treasury
of millions of dollars for the benefit of the
Liberia niggers.
The Commission is composed partly of ne
groes, and when one of our proud war-vessels
steams away, with the commissioners on
board, a negro will be officially in command
of the ship!
Nice mess, isn’t it?
To rub it in on us, Booker Washington dis
dained to accept a place on the Commission,
and directed Taft to appoint his “Private Sec?
fetary,” a coon named Emmett Scott.
The Jeffersonian
This underling of the Great Booker will be
the official Commander of our battle-ship, and
and will have under his orders, —in theory
at least—every white officer and sailor on
board,
1 he naval officers are kicking, but Booker
is relentless. He went to see Taft last week,
and insisted that the whites be made to swal
low this big dose of social equality. The
negro members of the Commission will eat at
the same table with the white officers, and
will sleep in the best cabins in the ship.
And your Democratic Congressmen are as
much to blame for this disgusting and dan
gerous precedent as the Republicans are.
Had they banded together and fought the
creation of the Commission, it could not have
been authorized.
«
UNCLE SAM AS A SOCIALIST.
Experiment in Collectivism on the Canal Zone.
There is a little country from which I have just
returned, some 2,000 miles to the south of New
York City, where everything is done in new and
wonderful ways. There the government is all in all,
and though the individual does not seem to wither,
the race is more and more.
This interesting land is the Canal Zone, a strip
of territory forty-seven miles long and ten broad,
across the Isthmus of Panama. It is owned abso
lutely by the United States, and Uncle Sam may
be found there working night and day at all the
jobs usually left to private initiative.
Uoes one want food? Uncle Sam furnishes and
delivers it at prices about the same as in New
York. Does one want food cooked and served?
Uncle Sam is ready at half a hundred places with
meals at prices from ten to thirty cents apiece. He
rune a railroad and a steamship line and a weekly
newspaper. He gives free quarters to all his help
ers and their families. He provides them with cloth
ing at cut prices. He manufactures ice and sells
it for next to nothing. He bakes bread, pies and
cakes and delivers them at consumers’ doors. Every
week he turns out and delivers more than 800 gal
lons of ice cream. He imports and sells Havana
cigars at the price of Connecticut imitations. He
washes, starches and irons linen and mends, presses
and sews buttons on outergarments. There isn't
much that can be done for creature comfort that he
doesn't do; and all his helpers (some 30,000 per
sons), along with their families (some 10,000 or
12,000 more), are sharers in this governmental pater
nalism. It is not socialism, because, among other
tilings, it lacks that fundamental basis of socialism,
democracy; but it is the completes! and greatest
experiment in the governmental collectivism that
the world has ever seen.—W. J. Ghent, in the New
York Sun.
Ed. Comment: Where does the “collectivism”
come in? Uncle Sam owns everything and
bosses everything. When he buys he buys
for himself; when he sells, the individual pur
chaser pays. He hires people to dig, build,
cook, wash, keep store. He pays each hireling
a wage. What each one buys from U.
Sam becomes the private property of the pur
chaser. What each person earns as a laborer
for Uncle Sam, becomes instantaneously the
private property of said laborer.
We fail to recognize the “collectivism.” We
simply see a case of Big Owner, transacting
business on a Big Scale.
(Os course, we will be pelted by a shower
of Socialist letters about this.)
H *
The Late.
Recently these three things happened, not
among the heathen, but in Christian America:
(1) A little boy was entrusted with two
cents, to stamp a letter with, and he wickedly
appropriated the coppers to his own use, there
by becoming, in morals and law, a thief.
Promptly arraigned for his crime, he confessed,
and was sentenced to six months in jail.
(2) The Havemeyer crowd of capitalists,
who are bunched together in a corporation
known as the Sugar Trust, confessed to steal
ing twelve hundred thousand dollars from the
Government, by false weights, in paying Cus
tom House duties, Th? confession established
the fact that these, rich and powerful men are
thieves. But they returned the money they
had stolen, and nobody even speaks of a crimi
nal prosecution.
(3) Thomas P. Ryan and several other
wealthy criminals confessed to robbing the
Metropolitan Securities Company of $(292,000,
and to avoid the annoyance of facing a civil
suit, they returned the loot. Any criminal
prosecution? None.
W hat a pity it is that the little boy did not
have an extra two cents, —so that he could
have wiped out his crime by an involuntary
act of restitution !
* M •»
Casual Comment.
In the time of Adams and Jackson, there
was a national scandal which stirred the whole
Union.
It was discovered that John Jacob Astor
had been using $5,000,000 of public money for
fifteen years, without interest. What a small
thing we would now consider a thing like
that !
Tn our day, every National bank claims, as a
matter of right, a portion of the public money
to use in its business.
n
()n April 18th. Hon. Papa at Rome canon
ized Joan of Arc as a Saint.
Considering that the Catholics burnt Joan
as a she-devil, several hundred years ago, we
think thev might as well let the “Saint” busi
ness alone. It can’t do loan anv good now to
call her a Saint, and it puts our friends, the
Catholics, in a ludicrous position. To burn a
poor country heroine as a she-devil, and then,
—hundreds of years later, —declare that it was
all a mistake—is not edifying.
n M
"Bishop Smith ’s Card.
I he following card fully explains itself and
is printed in accordance with the Jeffersonian’s
policy of fair dealing with all men. Since Mr.
Watson's original comment on this case was
made in the editoral columns, the reply of the
Bishop is given the same prominence.
A BLACKHAND CIRCULAR.
Editor The Jeffersonian: The so-callea charges
referred to in an editorial in your issue of the 15th
inst., under the caption “The Gayeties of a Bishop,”
were contained in an anonymous circular surrep
titiously distributed the latter part of last January,
since which time I have been trying to locate the
cowardly and unprincipled author. Being the con
tents of an anonymous circular, the public will read
ily see that the so called charges are not deserving
of the least notice or consideration. 1 am ready to
meet any accusation presented in the open and based
on truth.
C. S. SMITH.
Atlanta, Ga., April 17, 1909.
* *
Where the Whigs Went, the Democrats
Habe Gone.
Before the War, we had a brilliant man in
Georgia named Andrew H. H. Dawson. He
was a capital stump-speaker and wasn’t afraid
to meet any of the bigger bugs. During the
Buchanan campaign, Mr. Stephens was can
vassing for the Democratic nominee, and he
locked horns with Dawson, who, having the
conclusion on "Little Alec,” jumped on him
in this wise:
■‘My U iends. we once had a great Whig
party, and in this State Mr. Stephens was its
great leader. The Whig party has gone to
h—ll. We have now the great Democratic
party, and in this State Mr. Stephens is its
great leader. If he will only lead the Demo
cratic party where he led the Whig party, I
shall be perfectly satisfied!”
We think Mr. Dawson still survives, a citi
zen of New York. He has had to wait some*
(Continued on Pw Tw*lye.)
PAGE NINE