PAGE FOURTEEN
Our Post-Card Club
By Daddy Jim,
His Name Is Watson.
“Dear Daddy Jim: I am a little
girl ten years of age. My father lives
on a farm in the country. I have
five brothers. The youngest is two
years of age. His name is Thos. E. Wat
son. When I speak to him, I call him
Watson. In the winter we all go to
school, Watson does not go. In the
summer we all take music lessons.
My father takes the Jeffersonians. I
like to read the letters in the Weekly
Jeffersonian. Well, this is the first
letter I ever wrote, so I will close.
Veva Grace Hostettler, Doans, Ind.”
All Right, This Time.
“Here I come again to try to win
the prize. This is my fourth attempt.
Our school is about out, and I am so
sorry. Will try to make my d’s more
plainly this time. I am eight years
old. Will close, hoping to win the
prize. Mayoza Johnson, R. F. D. 1,
Middleton, Ga.” You certainly de
serve a prize, Mayoza. We did not
offer one this week, but we are just
going to make one for you. A little
girl of eight, who shows such perse
verance, and writes such a nice letter
at the end of it, is worthy of her re
ward.
Parrot and Chickens.
William D. Womble, of Omega, Ga.,
sends us two little stories, which may
be new to some of us. “Once there
lived an old man in South Carolina.
He had a large plantation, and worked
a good many negroes, and all the ne
groes called the old man ‘Master. ’
One summer night the old man was
talking to his parrot, and he told the
bird to call him ‘Master? The par
rot would not say a word; the old
man told him again, and he would
not do it. So he grabbed the parrot
and wrung his head around and threw
him out of the window. Then he went
io bed. About twelve o’clock he
heard the chickens making a fuss.
Getting up and going to the chicken
house, he found the parrot upon the
pole, holding a chicken by its neck
and saying: ‘Call me master, I say,
call me master’.”
A Long Memory.
The other story is a “joker.” Pat:
Why do some camels have two humps
on their backs, and some have got but
one ? Mike: I don’t know. Pat: Well,
do you remember when Noah built his
ark? Mike: Sure I do. Pat: Well,
you can remember further back than
I can.
The Making of a Boy.
“I was very much delighted to see
my name in the Jeffersonian, and I
felt sure 1 told my age, but guess I
did not. I am thirteen years old. My
father is a doctor, and rides all the
time. My oldest brother, fifteen years
old, is attending a military school. He
is in the sophomore class. I have a
sister, eighteen years of age, teaching
school, and so you see I am the
oldest boy at home, and I think I have
a hard time. I have to feed and wa
ter the horses and cows and pigs, and
chop all the stove wood that we use.
But papa says it is the making of a
boy to work, and I am to make a lit
tle crop after school is out. Crisp
Bradley, Folsom, Ga. ”
The Money and the Man.
Crisp Bradley and T. E. W. Webb,
of Swainsboro, Ga., both send the
same joke. It is the story of the Irish
man who was operated on for appen
dicitis. There was a tame monkey
playing around the room, and just as
Pat recovered consciousness, the mon
key climbed on the foot of the bed
and sat up any looked at him, grin
ning and chattering. The nurse was
trying to explain to the Irishman the
nature of the operation. “They took
your appendix out of you,” she said;
‘ ‘ here it is, ’ ’ and she held up a small
bottle. Just then Pat caught sight
of the monkey. He did not look at
the bottle that nurse was holding,
but gazed at the animal in horror.
“Appindix,” he cried. “Sure, and
if that was inside of me, ’tis no won
der I’m sick.”
One More from Middleton.
“I am a little girl just only nine
years old, and I am in the fifth grade.
Aly uncle takes the Jeffersonian, and
I enjoy reading it very much. As this
is my first attempt, will close, with
my best wishes to Daddy Jim. Pauline
Rhodes, Middleton, Ga. ”
A Long-Haired Judge.
Cole Savage, fourteen years old,
sends this story from Kennedy, Ala.:
“A very long time ago judges and
lawyers used to ride several miles to
county court, as the counties were
often as large as a congressional dis
trict is now. Judge II in those
days wore long hair, plaited in a
queue and hanging down his back.
On one long trip he was in company
with three lawyers, all fond of a prac
tical joke. They had their regular
stopping places, but at one house they
found that a new family had just
moved in. Before they got to this
place, Judge H met some one that
he knew, and stopped to talk. The
others rode on, and they decided to
play a joke on the judge. When they
got to the house they spoke to the
lady: ‘ Madam, we have something
to tell you which is very disagreeable.
There is a woman, dressed in men ’s
clothes, who is following us. We have
tried every way we could to get rid
of her, but we cannot. We are mar
ried men, and do not want this woman
in our company, and we hope you will
not permit her to stay nere. She
will insist that she is not a woman,
but do not believe her.’ They had
scarcely told their story when Judge
H rode up. As he came into the
house, the old lady met him with the
broom. ‘Don’t you offer to come in
here, you nasty old hussy.’ ‘Why,
madam, what’s the matter?’ asked
the judge. That was enough. She
made at him with the broom. ‘l’ll
show you what’s the matter. Get out
of here, I say! You ought to be
ashamed of yourself, you nasty old
thing. You’d better take off them
men’s clothes and put on your own,
and go to your man if you’ve got
one.’ Judge II dodged, and the
old lady grew more angry, still pur
suing him with the broom. The law
yers were falling all around the
porch and splitting their sides at the
fun. Then they captured the broom
and explained that it was a joke. It
took some time to convince the old
lady that the judge was not a woman.
Even after supper she would eye him
suspiciously and look at the broom.
It was a long time before Judge H
heard the last of the story.”
ZMje ‘Scffersontan
■ on> I
I How a Reliable Engine I
I Economizes Labor I
Z\F course, you, like other The engines are simple in de- ■
II farmers, want to economize sign so that they can be easily B
your time. understood.
Think in how many places a They are strong and durable — ■
power would be a help to you — constructed with a large factor of
would save time and work—if you safety, inasmuch as they have B
had it in a handy form ready for greater strength than would
use in a minute. ordinarily be required. Yet they
Think how much hard work it are not clumsy or too heavy.
would save you in cutting feed — All parts are accessible and
in sawing wood, posts or poles— easily removed and reassembled.
in running the cream separator Every engine will develop a large B
or churn —in operating shop or per cent of power in excess of its ||
other machinery. rating —you get more power than
The I. H. C. gasoline engine you pay for.
is a power thac is always ready J They are absolutely reliable — B
at your hand. It is not neces- * you cannot find one inefficient ■
sarily stationary, like the wind- I detail. They are unusually eco
mill, and on that account adapted ; nomical in fuel consumption —
to doing only one kind of work, g less than a pint of gasoline I
The engine is built in many J horse-power per hour. This
styles —there are portable engines g means that a 2-horse power en
on trucks and skidded engines | gine will produce full 2-horse
which can be moved wherever | power for five hours on only one
the work is to be done. Then | gallon of gasoline.
there are stationary engines, both » Would it not be a wise plan for
vertical and horizontal, in sizes f you to investigate and learn how
from 1 to 25-horse-power, air * an I. H. C. engine will save time
cooled and water cooled, and f and lighten the labor on your
also gasoline traction engines \ farm ?
12, 15 and 20-horse-power. Be- ' International local agents will
sides, there are special sawing, i supply you with catalogs. Call
spraying and pumping outfits from | on them for particulars, or write
which you can select. the home office.
I INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY OF AMERICA B
(Incorporated)
fl| Chicago, U. S. A.
Daniel Sully, the man who made the
price of cotton jump high, will write a
series of articles on cotton and the way to
boost the price, for Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine. Watch out for them.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon—Napoßeon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.”
' Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound.' Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.