PAGE EIGHT
3effersoniatt
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising: Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., OCTOBER 8, 1908.
National Campaign Notes.
The virtuous Kern, candidate of the Bryan
ites for the Vice-Presidency, has been in Mary
land campaigning. The manner in which he
lambasted the wicked Republicans who give
and take corporation favors was most whole
some and convincing.
But there are wicked men in this world, and
one of them picked Kern’s pocket, relieved his
purse of its cash and then threw the purse
away. '
Alas! When industrious searchers found the
missing treasure-wallet, their consternation
was extreme when they found that it contained
a “Railroad annual” which enables the virtuous
Kern to ride on the robber railroads free of
charge.
Just another piece of evidence going to show
the stupendous and comprehensive humbug,
hypocrisy and false pretense of Bryanism.
•ft
Although the Democratic Attorney-General
of Oklahoma testified, without contradiction, to
the fact that Governor Haskell interfered, in
behalf of the Standard Oil Company, to pre
vent the Attorney-General from proceeding
against the Octopus for violation of law, Mr.
Bryan did not demand Haskell’s resignation
as Treasurer of the Bryanite Committee.
Bryan states that Haskell voluntarily quit in
order that he might be more free to prosecute
his slanderers.
Is Haskell going to prosecute that Democrat
ic official who was brave enough and honest
enough to furnish convincing proof of Haskell’s
subservience to Standard Oil?
•ft
Boiled down, the Roosevelt-Bryan contro
versy amounted to no more than what the
pot and the kettle said to each other. The
most amazing thing about it all was that
Bryan and Foraker took precisely the same po
sition on the morals of the case. Foraker
whose fortune has been swollen with secret
contributions from Standard Oil, which bought
him, not as a lawyer, but as a political power,
says brazenly that he can not be criticised un
less he has violated some pfenal statute. Bryan
says virtually the same thing in behalf of the
unspeakable Haskell. Although the court rec
ords established Haskell’s guilty relations with
Standard Oil, Bryan still defends him and de
mands that his political immorality be judicial
ly established!
A fine moral attitude, truly, for the lecturer
whose specialty is “The Divinity of Christ.”
•ft
While Mr. Hearst is gloating over the havoc
he has wrought by reading those stolen let
ters, the Jeffersonian is wondering whether it
has yet dawned upon his mind that he has hurt
himself fully as much as he has hurt others.
Anybody can see that Hearst has put out his
ticket of Hisgen and Graves as a feeler, a trial
trip, a skirmish line. In other words, before
taking any Independence League physic him
self, he is trying it on Hisgen and John Temple.
Ultimately, the Hearst League is to nominate
Hearst.
But William Randolph is inoculated, through -
and through, with the virus of Jellow Journal
ism. And in the lexicon of Yellow Journalism
there is no such word as Morals.
There’s where Hearst has made his slip. As
a Yellow Journalist, he can with impunity use
stolen letters which he bought from the thief
who stole them, but as a Presidential aspirant
he can not. The American people will never,
knowingly, send to the White House, as their
Chief Magistrate, A MAN WHO IS THE RE
CEIVER OF STOLEN GOODS KNOWING
THEM TO HAVE BEEN STOLEN.
n
Everybody agrees that the receiver is as bad
as the thief.
Mr. Hearst strangely forgot this axiom in
law and morals.
He has seen so much of the dark side of hu
man nature in his dealings with the politicians
of the big cities that he can hardly be blamed
for being cynical. But he ought to know that
the great mass of the plain people of this, and
all other civilized countries, do have a standard
of morality. It isn’t everybody who lives up
to it, but everybody tries his neighbor by it.
Now, there is no exception to the rule that
detected thieves are punished, socially and le
gally—and the detected receiver of stolen goods
falls, as the thief falls.
When Mr. Hearst bought and used those
stolen letters, he inflicted upon his own reputa
tion irreparable damage.
•ft
By the bye, the Hearst party, in Georgia has
at length fallen into good hands. The last we
heard of their Atlanta “headquarters,” a bailiff
was in charge. This is better than we could
have expected. We had supposed that it would
be the undertaker who would go around and
do the embalming?
However, our sympathies go out to the bai
liff. But we suppose he knows how to fumi
gate.
•ft
Poor old Philo Bennett! He gave Bryan
$12,500 to enable the Peerless to continue his
glorious crusade against the National banks,
against Wall Street Democracy, against the
gold standard and in favor of the Income Tax.
Not only gave the Peerless $12,500 to continue
this glorious crusade, but wanted to give him
$50,000 more.
Since Bryan has abandoned the creed and
the crusade which separated Philo from his
money, we think the widow Bennett ought to
file a Bill in Equity against the Peerless to
recover that $12,500.
•ft M »ft
Keeping a Promise and Making an
Appeal.
It now becomes important for me to make
a statement that will refresh the memory of
my friends in regard to political history.
Remember that the reform movement which
afterwards became known as the People’s
Party began with the organization of the
Farmers’ Alliance. Remember that at Ocala,
Florida, in the year 1889, the leaders of the
farmers and of the labor organizations of the
cities brought about a union of forces and
adopted a platform of principles which became
widely known throughout the Union. Briefly,
the Ocala platform advocated the constitutional
system of money—gold, silver and treasury
notes —it advocated the placing of tariff duties
upon the luxuries of life, removing them from
the necessities which the poor must have to
live; it advocated the governmental regulation
of railroads, with the proviso that if the regula
tion should prove ineffective governmental
ownership should follow; it declared hostility
to the national banking system in the same
language which had been used by Thomas
Jefferson and Andrew Jackson; it advocated
the direct election of Senators by the people;
it declared against land monopoly and the own
ership of American soil by foreign corporations
and individuals; it demanded an Income Tax.
This Ocala platform of the Farmers’ Alliance
was ratified by nearly every Democratic Con-
3effersoniaii
vention which met in the Southern and West
ern States during the 90’s. In the State of
Georgia, particularly, the Ocala platform was
endorsed by the County Conventions, Congres
sional Conventions, and by the Gubernatorial
Convention. Democrats generally recognized
the fact that the Ocala platform contained the
very essence of Jeffersonian-Jacksonian De
mocracy.
But a certain element of the Farmers’ Al
liance movement lost confidence in both the old
parties. In the West, the Republican Alliance
men seceded from the Republican party, in the
South the Democratic Alliancemen seceded
from the Democratic party. Meeting in “the
middle of the road,” the seceding Republicans
of the West and the seceding Democrats'of the
South joined hands to combat both the old par
ties, to bury sectionalism, and to redeem the
country from the abuses of the protective sys
tem, class-legislation, special privilege and plu
tocracy. Against Cleveland Democracy the
People’s Party in the South made rapid head
way. Not only did General James B. Weaver
receive more than a million votes in the Presi
dential election of 1892, but in the State elec
tions of 1894 the People’s Party polled 180,000
votes. In the State of Georgia, our party
elected Judge Hines, Governor. That fact is
now generally conceded. The Democratic
politicians altered the election returns and gave
the commission to W. Y. Atkinson.
In 1896, Bryan captured the Democratic
nomination by his famous free silver speech —
a speech which was Populistic from beginning
to end. His managers then went to the Na
tional Convention of the People’s Party. They
succeeded in gaining the confidence of a suffi
cient number of the PQpulist managers to
bring about a deal, the result of which was that
Mr. Bryan was nominated for the Presidency
by the People’s Party, and he accepted the
nomination —especially emphasizing our money
plank as being one which he most heartily en
dorsed.
Against my own judgment, and after having
warned my friends of the fatalities involved in
the fusion movement, I most reluctantly ac
cepted what appeared to be a post of duty, and
worked for the Populist ticket of Bryan and
Watson throughout that campaign.
Engulfed in the fusion movement of Mr.
Bryan, and reduced still further by the excite
ment which grew out of the Spanish-American
War, Populism, as an organized force, disap
peared. In 1900, Mr. Bryan was still posing
as a good Populist —his platform carrying every
one of our essential principles. The Hon.
Wharton Barker, the National nominee of the
People’s Party, made a canvass, but only re
ceived about 50,000 votes. At that time, the
Democratic organization having appropriated
our platform and having absorbed the Western
Populists almost to a man, having driven oth
ers into the Socialist movement, and having by
frauds at the polls and in the changing of elec
tion returns, made it impossible for the Popu
lists of the South to make any headway, I re
tired from the political field. In Bryan and
his lieutenants I had no confidence. I knew
perfectly well that even if he were elected
President, the Democratic corporations who
believe in the same kind of legislation that the
Republican corporations want, would not allow
him to do a bit better than Cleveland had
done; consequently, I advised those friends of
mine who sought my counsel to exercise their
own judgment as to what they would do.
To me, the outlook seemed temporarily hope
less.— My finances were so exhausted that it
was absolutely necessary for me to return to
the practice of law for several years to pay
off my debts and to regain pecuniary independ
ence. During those sad years, I wrote the
books which carry to the reading world the
message which I had always endeavored to
express in my speeches.
In 1904, to my utter astonishment, the Dem
ocratic party repudiated the Populist creed
which they had confessed for eight years. In-