PAGE TWO
Correspondence Between Mr. Watson and Mr. Lee
Union City, Ga., Dec. G, 1909.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir:
On Nov. the 21st, 1 sent you the following letter;
and asked for a reply, which 1 have not received. I
am registering this so as to know you get it.
‘•EXACT COPY”
“On page fifteen, first column of the Weekly Jef
fersonian published Nov. the 25th, you make two as
sertions that does me a very grave injustice. I be
lieve that you have the manhood to correct the same
if you were given the facts in the case. The facts
are this “that about Sept, the 10th, I called together
twenty-five of the leading brains in the Farmers’
Union of this State to consult about what should be
done to bring the union to a higher standard, they met
at 10 o’clock on the morning of Sept, the 21st and for
two days we went into every detail and the campaign
now being run was the result from that conference.”
Duckworth. Charlie Barrett, nor no other living hu
man ever prevailed upon me to write local unions.
Now, Mr. Watson. I can prove by twenty-five men in
this state that this particular campaign was planned
before you ever said one word* in your weekly paper:
If you are the friend of truth and right, you will cer
tainly correct the assertions for they are absolutely
contrary to facts. I certainly believe that I am
worthy of a correction and an explination.
p. S. —Will you please answer by return mail?
Very truly yours,
State President.”
Very truly yours, J. L. Lee,
State President.
REPLY, IN PART.
Dear Sir: —From the nature of your for
mer letter, I judged that you desired me to
publish my reply, and it will be contained,
along with your letter, in this week's Jeffer
sonian.
Why did you intrude yourself into the
scrap that I am having with Duckworth, Bo
denhamer and Ladson I- There was no oc
casion for you to do so: no attack had been
made on you, and none was intended. When
you were last at my house, I told you that I
could not approve the way in which certain
leaders of the farmers were getting them
selves tangled up with Samuel Gompers, and
the city Labor Unions. Apparently, you
were impressed by what I said, and went
away from here intending to take no further
steps in that direction.
Duckworth can not explain that Galveston
speech, and I am trying to get the evidence
now that he received money from the Mer
chant Marine League. I have challenged the
League to state where they got their money
from, and what they are doing with it, and
they have ran to cover.
Do you suppose that I am going to be si
lent while such men as those I have mentioned
are duping and misleading the farmers?
Why should you write letters around to the
Local Unions/and to prominent Farmers’
Union men, defending Ladson ? What busi
ness is it of yours to be doing that? Why
take sides with Ladson against me? Don’t
you know that I' wouldn’t dare to publish
what T have said about Ladson, if I were not
certain of my facts? Tt is not true, as you
have been writing, that Ladson borrowed that
money on his own note and his own security.
On the contrary, he conspired with the Presi
dent and the Vice-President of the Bank.
Thornton and Manry, to use those funds, in
violation of the law.' The capital stock of the
Neal Bank was only SIOO,OOO, and it was un
lawful to lend more than SIO,OOO to any one
officer of the bank. Yet Ladson. Thornton
and Manry took $120,000 out of the Neal
Bank, and carried it to the Province of San
tiago. Cuba, where the loan was secured by a
second lien on a piece of land. The prior
liens on that property amounted to $90,000.
The President and Vice-President of the
Bank became partners in the Company of
C. T. Ladson & Co., and this company bor
rowed from the Neal Bank $120,000. That
was a penitentiary offense.
Why don’t you go to some member of the
TSfye Jeffersonian
firm of Candlers, Thomson & Ilirsch, and get
the facts? Or go to the Superior Court records?
In addition to the $120,000 put into the
Santiago land, C. T. Ladson had a personal
loan with the Neal Banh, amounting to
$40,000. That was the loan which was secured
by the transfer to the Bank of a bond for
title to a tract of land on Peachtree street :
also by a transfer of certain stock in the
Buena Vista Land Company, of Cuba. The
suburban land lying in and around Havana
has been sold under an order of Court for
$75,000, of which $33,000 has been paid in cash
and applied to the payment of that first lien
held against the Santiago land. The San
tiago tract has been sold to parties through
New York brokers, and it is expected that the
Receivers of the Neal Bank will obtain $660,-
000. On the sale of the Santiago land
$77,500 has been paid, of which $27,500 was
applied to the first lien on the land, and
$50,000 was distributed to the depositors of
the Neal Bank in the 15 per cent, dividend
which we received some days ago. We have
only received 55 per cent, of our money and
in winding up the Bank’s affairs, nothing will
be realized for the stockholders. With time
and careful management the depositors may
be paid off. but one who knows says, “It is
not in my personal judgment at all certain
that we will be able even with the most eco
nomical management to do this.”
Tt is proper that I should state further
that my information is that after paying off
the indebtedness of C. T. Ladson & Co., and
of Ladson, to the Neal Bank, the Receiver
will have something over $200,000 from the
various Cuban land deals made “by Mr. Lad
son. Mr. Thornton and Mr. Manry. So you
can see how widely far from the truth are
the statements that you have been circulating,
and how absolutely correct is everything that
I have said.
The fact that the Bank may finally realize
a profit on the land deal does not in any de
gree remove the moral turpitude of those
who wrecked the Bank by their felonious mis
appropriation of its monev. The last one of
those three men, Ladson, Thornton and Man
rv. ought to be in the penitentiary, and if
they were poor people there’s where they
would be. Ladson is a lawver. and he knew
that he was luring those bank officers into
criminal misuse of trust funds.
It is a shame that, holding a position which
ought to make you the friend and champion
of those thousands of workmen and work
women who suffered so severely in the failure
of the Neal Bank, you should turn up on the
side of the Bank wreckers and endeavor to
clear their skirts. Yours, etc..
Thos. E. Watson.
(Added.) Mr. Lee is writing letters
charging me with telling lies on him about
the lecturers sent out sometime ago. I said
that he had sent them around to give the Lo
cals the Duckworth. Ladson, Bodenhamer
“explanations”. He answers that the lecture
campaign was decided on in September at a
conference of t wen tv-five of his best men. But
did those twenty-five advisers tell the lec
turers to circulate those “explanations”?
Os course not. Who did that? John Lee
did it. At whose instance? At the instance
of those guilty men who have been traitors to
the Farmers'' Union.
Who else had any interest in doing it?
Union City, Ga., Dec. 9. 1909.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My Dear Sir:
In your issue of the Weekly Jeffersonian pub
lished Nov. the 25th, you made two assertions that
did me a grave injustice. On Nov. the 29th I wrote
and asked you to make a correction of the same, and
in your reply you assured me you would answer same
in your paper of Dec. the 9th. I have carefully read
what you print and fail to see an answer.
In your Nov. the 25th number you stated that Duck
worth got me to send out a letter to local unions; this
1 deny and can prove, 1 want your proof or a retrac
tion. Lower down in the same column you said that
the present campaign was being run to defend these
meh, I gave you the facts and read carefully for the
denial, I failed to find it.
The two assertions are not true and I will clear my
self of those charges. Before going any further I
would be glad to hear from you.
With kindest regards, J. L. Lee,
State President.
Dear Sir: —I decline to have any further
private correspondence with you in regard to
the issues now pending between me, on the
one side, and Duckworth, Ladson and Boden
hamer, on the other. I have seen one of your
private letters, in which you allude to the
“Watson lies”; consequently, you are beyond
the pale of gentlemanly correspondence.
This is a public matter: make your state
ments through the newspapers, as I am mak
ing mine. The public shall be taken into my
confidence, and, before we reach the end of
this matter, you will be sorry that you adopt
ed your stealthy, underhanded and cowardly
policy of attacking me in private letters and
in secret meetings, behind closed doors, when
I was assailing those three rascals in the open.
Not a word had been said against you, and I
had no thought of saying a word against you:
not a word had been said against the Farmers'
Union, and it was not my intention to say a
word against it. You and Duckworth have
evidently adopted the old Livingston trump
of claiming that the Union is assailed when
your own conduct is exposed and criticised.
That old game can’t be worked any more in
Georgia. lam going to put in The Jeffer
sonian every letter that you write me, and
every letter that I write you, so that the peo
ple can know what is going on.
You wrote a whole lot of lies about Ladson
and the Neal Bank failure, when you could
have gone to the Court House records of Fni
ton Counts and verified every statement that
I had made. Ton have been claiming that
you did not instruct those lecturers to circu
late Duckworth’s lies behind closed doors,
when I know that you did. It is true that
twenty-five men had already decided to send
out the lecturers, but those twenty-five men
did not instruct those lecturers to circulate
Duckworth’s lies. It was you who did that,
and you will have to answer to the people
for it.
Neither you nor Duckworth are native
Georgians, and the State would be better off
if both of you would go back where you came
from. If you think that you two recently
imported outsiders can down me and discredit
me before the farmers of this State, you are
badly out of your reckoning.
Very truly yours, Trios. E. Watson.
P. S.—lt is quite evident to me, as it should
be to you, that you are being pushed forward
against me by those three men, who are not
themselves willing to confront the issues.
They want to make it appear that this is a
fight between the President of the Georgia
Farmers’ Union and myself. If you do not
realize this, you are strangely lacking in dis
cernment. The people of this State are not
going to be duped by the manoeuvres of
Duckworth, Ladson and Bodenhamer in hav
ing you take up the cudgels for them. That
trick won’t work. Nobody had made any at
tack on you, or on the Union, and nobody in
tended to do so.
You ought to know perfectly well that it
was through me, that the local Union of Mc-
Duffie County got the money to buy the land
and build their warehouse and finance the
holding of their cotton crop in 1907, when
money was extremely scarce and when the lo
cal Farmers’ Union men could not get the
funds anywhere else. Ask Hilman Matthews
and C. W. H. Smith if this is not literally
true. T. E. W. ‘