Frick, Charles Schwab, Corey, Gary &
Co.
They got the encouragement all right
enough, and when the battle-ships were
built the Carnegie crowd were caught
swindling the Government out of more
than $250,000 in one vessel. Admiral
Sampson made the exposure, in an official
report. President Cleveland did not wish
to discourage Carnegie and his associate
swindlers; therefore, they were let off
with a fine of less than five per cent of
the sum out of which they had defrauded
the Government.
At present we are having an exposure
of another one of these scandals.
The Holland Submarine Boat Co.
has been getting many fat contracts from
Congress. How ? By maintaining an ex
pensive lobby; by employing press
agents; by “approaching” members of the
naval committee; by wining and dining
members of the House and Senate.
We sincerely regret to see that ex-
Senator M. C. Butler, of South Carolina,
has been caught in the drag net.
This gentleman admitted before the
investigating committee that he had taken
a party of Congressmen on a tug-boat to
witness a trial of one of the Holland
submarines on the Potomac.
The inevitable wine and luncheon were
served. Ex-Senator Butler scornfully re
pelled the idea that it was improper to ask
a Congressman “to take a drink.”
Ah, how it shames a Southern editor tQ
see a once proud Southern General and
Senator doing the dirty work for a greedy
Northern corporation!
General Butler knows how wrong it
would be to ask John Smith “to take p
drink” while John Smith is acting as ju
ror, in a case where General Butler is at
torney. General Butler knows that bot b
he and the juror would be disgraced, and
that a verdict in his favor, rendered after
such a “treat,” would be set aside as
tainted.
When General Butler, acting as attor
ney for the Holland Boat Co., took
those Congressmen into custody, and
wined and dined them, at the company’s
expense, while they were investigating
the merits of the boats, with a view to
voting for the purchase of some of them,
HE DID WRONG. It is just that kind
of conduct which corrupts legislators and
taints legislation. Generally, the act of
“entertaining” a Congressman at the ex
pense of favor-seeking corporations is the
prelude to the bribe, just as the “enter
taining” of the unchaperoned girl is usu
ally the prelude to her fall.
Again we say it is humiliating to a
Southern editor to find such a man as
General M. C. Butler, of South Carolina,
caught in such low-down work.
Another fact in the case increases the
mortification which must be felt by all
who have in the past honored this brave
Southern soldier and once eminent states
man.
He was caught in the company of that
crafty knave and unprincipled scoundrel,
ex-Senator Marion Butler, of North Caro
lina. They were both on the same job,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
working for the same masters, in the
same way.
No decent, self-respecting Congressman
ever allows himself to be seen in com
pany with Marion Butler, and the
fact that General M. C. Butler was on
the same job fills up the measure of
discredit for the General.
it H
Special to Students of Political Econ
omy, Political History and
Social Problems.
Watson’s “HANDBOOK” gives full
treatment to
(1) Political Parties and Platforms in
the United States.
(2) To the Money Question.
(3) To the Tariff System.
(4) To the Railroad and Trust Prob
lems.
(5) To Socialism.
(6) To the Catholic Hierarchy in Poli
tics.
(7) To the Encroachments of the Fed
eral Courts.
(8) To the Relations Between the
Farmers and the Government.
(9) And gives most valuable statistics
on social problems and conditions.
It is an up-to-date { book, and is
Illustrated by original cartoons by Gor
don Nye.
Price sl, prepaid.
Address,
JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
H H H
The Art Treasures of Morgan.
He was one of the Wall street rascals
who organized the panic of 1893; he was
one of the thieves who pocketed the pro
ceeds of the $500,000,000 of watered
stock known as Steel Common; he was
one of the accomplices in the crime when
President Cleveland increased our bonded
debt more than $250,000,000; he was one
of the robbers who plundered and ruined
the stockholders of the Central of Geor
gia Railroad; he was one of the main
beneficiaries of the panic of 1907, which
he and his associates organized for the
purpose of getting more bonds, more
national bank power and more public
funds to use; he was one of the inside
conspirators who were given pretty
nearly everv dollar that the Government
had, and who used his advantage to scoop
the Tennessee Coal and Iron Company;
he is the man who went to Washington
to give his orders, in person, when the
Democrats were in power, and he is the
man who went there to see to things, in
person, when the “Other Twin” was at
the bat.
His name is Morgan—J. Pierpont Mor
gan ; and when the Supreme Court of the
United States has occasion to allude to
him, it departs from precedent and calls
him “Mister.”
At present, Mister Morgan is in Eu
rope. He went over, this time, because
a Queen wished to see his Art Treasures.
In his floating palace, the mighty Wall
street monarch crossed over to Great
Britain, and obligingly escorted royalty
around while the Queen of England went
into raptures over the Morgan paintings,
the Morgan statuary, cameos, gems, an
tiques, and so forth.
It is said that Mister Morgan has
spent $10,000,000 on his art collections.
Why not? He stole enough from the
stockholders of the Central of Georgia
Railroad to pay for a little assortment
like that. Through the kind assistance of
his former attorney, Grover Cleveland, he
stole enough from the taxpayers of this
country, in one deal in bonds, to afford
an art collection of $10,000,000.
How much did he clear on the panic of
1893? How much on the panic of 1907?
God, only, knows. The sum must have
been enormous.
What matters it to Morgan that he
beggared many a widow and orphan when
he looted the Central Railroad? What
does he care for the- victims- of Steel
Common? What matters it to him that
ten thousand humble homes were made
desolate by the panic of 1893 and by that
of 1907? He doesn’t care.
He must have colossal riches; he must
have palaces on land and sea, in the Old
World and the New; he must have power
such as no king can ignore, and no presi
dent defy; he must have art treasures
which dwarf those of crowned heads and
which a Queen and an Empress will ask
permission to see.
That’s Morgan, — and he is but one of
the foul breed spawned by our damna
ble system of Special Privilege.
*
The Money Question.
Have you noticed how cleverly the
kings of Wall street are steering? The
success with which they have, thus far,
kept the money question in the back
ground is wonderful.
You would have supposed that every
candidate for the presidency would have
made the financial problem the leading
feature of his platform. With a panic
which has caused ruinous losses in every
a tight money market
which rendered it almost impossible to
borrow op to collect, with an Aldrich
bill up for debate and passage, you would
have supposed that everybody would
have dropped other questions, until we
had discovered why it is that in the midst
of abundance we suffer.
We have more of all the commodities
which humanity needs than ever before,
yet because we have no sufficient supply
of money, these commodities cannot be
bought and sold as heretofore.
Factories are reported as being unable
to dispose of their goods, yet the world
is in as much need of clothing as ever
before. Railroads report 30,000 idle cars,
yet a few months ago these same rail
roads could not furnish a sufficient num
ber of cars to haul the freight.
What has become of the commodities
which the railroads were hauling?
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE