and consequently unfit for any other service.
In the next place he put down unprofitable
and superfluous arts; if he had not indeed done
this, most of them would have fallen of them
selves, when the new money took place, as the
manufactures could not be disposed of. Their
iron coin Would not pass in the rest of Greece,
but Was ridiculed and despised so that Spar
tans had no means of purchasing any foreign
or durious wares, neither did any merchant
ship unload in their harbofS;
“There were not even to be found in their
whole country either sophists, wandering
fortune-tellers, keepers of infamotis houses, or
dealers in gold and silver trinkets, because
there w?*s no money. This luxury, losing by
degrees the means by which it is cherished and
supported, died away of itself/ 1
Plutarch proceeds to relate that LycUrguS
likewise decreed that the people should all
eat together in public. Fifteen persons were
assigned to each table, and thus the entire
population of Sparta “messed” together.
Each of the fifteen persons composing the
“mess” contributed monthly one bushel of
meal, eight gallons of wine, five pounds of
cheese, two and one-half pounds of figs, and a
little money to buy flesh and fish.
Not only did they eat in common, but the
sleeping was very much in common also.
Here, therefore, was an experiment in Social
ism 870 years before Christ.
Sparta under this Socialistic system enjoyed
a national youth of vigor and virtue—just as
Athens, Thebes, Macedonia, Media, Persia,
Assyria, Egypt and Rome did—without the
Socialistic features.
The youth of each nation presents the same
features, no matter what the form of govern
ment may be.
Sparta grew weary of Socialism, threw it
off, and developed individualism. Her greatest
pre-eminence in Grecian affairs and her great
est achievement both in war and peace were
accomplished after she had discarded So
cialism.
Her old age and political death were marked
by the same features which all other exhausted
peoples have shown.
Even as compared to the other Grecian
states, Macedonia excelled her in the arts of
war, while Athens was immeasurably her su
perior in the arts of peace.
n * n
Violating The Oath Os Office: Candler's
appointment.
Paragraph 7 of Section 4 of the Constitu
tion of Georgia is codified as 57545 and it very
distinctly disqualifies a member of the Legisla
ture for appointment to office by the Governor,
DURING THE TIME for which such member
was elected.
Governor Hoke Smith took a solemn oath
to observe and protect the Constitution, and
when he appointed Murphy Candler to the
Railroad Commission he disregarded his sworn
duty.
Whether Mr. Candler has qualified as a
member of the Legislature is immaterial.
Whether he has resigned is not the question.
No matter what any act of the Legislature
may provide, the Constitution, which overrides
statutory law, forbids the appointment, if it
was made during the term for which Mr. Cand
ler was elected.
We have nothing to say against the fitness
of Mr. Candler for the place. We believe him
to be an eminently capable man, a citizen of
great worth to his State. But that is not the
point at all. It is a question of obeying or
disobeying the Constitution. It is a question
of doing things according to law.
And the Jeffersonian contends that it is a
matter of supreme importance that our pufojic
officials should be compelled to conform t.Q
legal requirements.
Mr. Candler was a member of the Legisla
ture of 1906. He was re-elected in 190$- The
is two years. He has not been put of
3effersonlart
office, as a Legislator, for a single minute.
He succeeded himself, and there has been no
interregnum. Whenever his old term ran out,
his new term began. If the Governor hacl
called a second extra session during 1908, Mr.
Candler would have resumed his seat, by
virtue of the election of 1906. If the Governor
should now call an extra session, Mr. Candler
would serve by virtue of the election of 1908.
The election of 1906 gave him the term of two
years, from January, 1907, to January, 1909.
His election in 1908 was for the time from Jan
uary. 1909, to January, 1911.
Now. during this time for which he was
elected, Gov. Smith has appointed him Rail
road Commissioner. It is a clear violation of
our highest law—the law which the Governor
is sworn to uphold. The intent of the Consti
tutional Convention in adopting that disquali
fying clause is quite'obvious. Members of the
Legislature might be tempted to use their
places as stepping stones to something better.
'1 hey might “sell out” their constituents dur
ing their term, bartering a membership in the
House or Senate for a position which paid
more money, or gave a longer lease of power.
Io prevent the possible misuse of a member
ship in the Legislature, the framers of our or
ganic law practically said, “The member shall
not be led into temptation. We will make him
ineligible to any other salaried office during
his term, and then nobody can tamper with
him. Elected to legislate, he will legislate, and
do nothing else.”
We remember a case in point:
In 1882-3 Mr. Watson was a member of the
Legislature. The Democratic State Conven
tion came on, and it was proposed to put him
on the Democratic electoral ticket. Judge
Bigham, in open Convention, opposed the
nomination, not on any personal grounds, but
because Mr. Watson was disqualified. His
term as legislator had not expired.
Mr. Watson’s resignation from the Legisla
ture had been made in writing, and had been
accepted by the Governor, but inasmuch as
the time for which he had been elected had not
run out, Judge Bigham argued convincingly
against the legality of his appointment,—and
Mr. Watson himself conceded the force of the
objection by withdrawing his name. To prove
that there was nothing personal in the opposi
tion, Mr. Watson was put at the head of the
electoral ticket by the next Convention.
The Jeffersonian hopes that Mr. Candler will
resign. Otherwise, the State may be greatly
embarrassed. The corporations are almost
certain to make the point on him; and we
may be sure that they will do it in away most
beneficial to themselves and most injurious to
the people.
If Mr. Candler holds on to the office, it will
embarrass him throughout his career; it has
embarrassed Gov. Smith; and it may cause
very serious consequences to the State of
Georgia.
MR. CANDLER SHOULD RESIGN.
H H *
That Congressional blacklist.
St. Matthew’s, S. C., April sth, 1909.
To the Editor of the Weekly Jeffersonian:
Your editorial of condemnation upon the recalci
trant Democrats who voted in favor of a tariff upon
lumber, which appeared in your last issue, was well
and handsomely said. Their conduct deserves the
severest censure and they should suffer for it. A
black-list of this kind, however, should be carefully
made up, lest the innocent suffer with the guilty. I
do not know where you got your information —nor
is it material —but you are mistaken about the Hon
orable A. F. Lever, Congressman from the Seventh
District of South Carolina, as he did not vote for
this tariff. In justice to the best Representative
from this State, I beg that you make this correc
tion, unless your proofs to the contrary are stronger
than mim*.
T. H. DREHER.
We quite agryp with our correspondent that
a black-list should fee made up with very great
care. The list which was printed in the Jeffer
sonian last week was copied from the old,
reliable Baltimore Sun, a Democratic paper
L T pon the receipt of Dr. Dreher’s letter, we
took the trouble to hunt up the number of the
Congressional Record in which the votes on
the Lumber Schedule were recorded. Under
date of April 9, 1909, page 1174, we find where
the House, in Committee of the Whole, acted
upon an amendment offered by Mr. De Ar
mond, of Missouri, touching paragraph 197 of
the Payne Tariff Bill.
In effect, Mr. De Armond's motion was to
remove the dutv from the timber, hewn, sided
and squared, mentioned in that paragraph. A
record vote was taken upon this motion, and
the Democrats in the House followed the lead
of Hon. Champ Clark, of Missouri, in voting
almost solidly for the De Armond amendment.
The Republican members of the House fol
lowed Mr. Payne, of New York, the Republi
can leader of the House, but the official record,
Which we find on page 1174 of the Congres
sional Record, shows that Mr. Adamson, of
Georgia went over to the Republicans and
voted with them for the Lumber Trust. So
did Mr. Tom Bell of Georgia, so did Mr.
Brantley of Georgia, so did Mr. Lee of Geor
gia, so did Mr. Broussard of Louisiana, so did
Mr. Brownlow of Tennessee, so did Mr. Bar
tholdt of Missouri, so did Mr. Clark of Florida,
so did Mr. Edwards of Georgia, so did Mr.
Gaines of West Virginia, so did Mr. Griggs of
Georgia, so did Mr. Hobson of Alabama, so
did Messrs. Hubbard and Hughes of West
Virginia,.and, alas! so did Mr. Lever, of South
Carolina.
Just after the name of Mr. Lever occurs that
of Mr. Livingstone, and just after that of Mr.
Livingstone occurs the name of Mr. Long
worth, the well-known Republican son-in-law
of ex-President Roosevelt’
Among other Southern Congressmen who
voted with the Lumber Trust, and against the
people, were Messrs. Taylor of Alabama,
Thomas of North Carolina, Bowers of Missis
sippi, and the others whose names are men
tioned in last week’s paper.
Now, on page 1177 of the Congressional
Record, same date, April 9th, will be found the
list of those who voted against a motion to
put upon the free list all kinds of boards,
planks, deals and other lumber of white wood,
sycamore and bass wood and sawed lumber,
timber hewn, sided, squared or sawed and
round timber used for spars or in building
wharves, logs and round unmanufactured
timber, including pulp woods, firewood, handle
bolts, shingle bolts, gun blocks for gunstocks,
rough hewn or sawed or planed on one side,
hop poles, ship timber and ship planking.
Almost solidly the Democrats of the House
followed their leader, the Pion. Champ Clark,
of Missouri, and voted to put all of these
articles upon the free list. Among those who
joined the Republicans to keep the tariff tax on
these various articles of wood, boards, planks,
timber, etc., will be found the name of Mr.
Lever, of South Carolina, as well as those of
the other Congressmen already mentioned.
Again, on page 1175, we find that an amend
ment was offered which proposed to strike
out the clause which puts a duty of 50 cents
per thousand feet on lumber dressed on one
side, SI.OO per thousand feet on lumber dressed
on both sides, and $1.50 per thousand feet on
lumber dressed on both sides and tongued and
grooved. The infamy of this proposed tax on
dressed lumber may only be understood by
those who know that with the planing machine
now in universal use, it is just as easy to plane
on both sides and to tongue and groove, all
at the same time, at one passage through the
planer, as it is to dress on one side. Mr. De
Armond realized the enormity of any such
imposition as that upon lumber buyers and
made the effort to save them from these unjust
charges. When that question came to a vote
the Democratic members, with a few excep
tions, followed the lead of Hon. Champ Clark;
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE