PAGE FOURTEEN
READ THIS, FARMER.
(Concluded from Page 3)
Right here it becomes necessary to
say for the ten thousandth time that
there are scores of honest, law-abid
ing union men who deplore and are
in no way responsible for the long
infamous record of the “Labor Trust”
under its present management, but
they don’t seem to stop it.
The men who manage, who pull
the strings and guide the policy, have
made the record and it stands, as
made by them.
Examine, if you please, the record
LAND FOR SALE AT SB.OO PER ACRE
AGO ACRES 1N HOUSTON COUNTY, THREE MILES FROM RAILROAD.
Wv Healthy location; lies well; no ponds or swamps. The land is fertile; some
of it will make from 30 to 50 bushels of corn per acre without fertilizers. My option
on this land holds only for a short time, so apply at once to
S. L. G. BEDINGFIELD, Crump’s Park, Ga.
IMO SURGEON’S KNIFE
a Necessary to cure PILES, FISTULA or other REC-
TAL DISEASES. Have made a specialty of curing
these diseases for many years. Permanent cures
entirely without the KNIFE ; no pain or detention
from business. If you are suffering, come and see me
or write to me. Pelvic conditions of both sexes |
cured. Separate parlors for ladies.
NO FEE PAID UNTIL SATISFIED
DR. W. J. TUCKER, - - 411 Whitehall Georgia 1
4.
I FOREIGN MISSIONS EXP 0 S ED|
By Thos. E. Watson
I A handsome book of one hundred pages. Price, |
| 25 cents. Premium for one new subscription to |
I Watson's Magazine or The Jeffersonian at SI.OO |
I THE JEFFERSONIANS THOMSON, GEORGIA J
THIS BEAUTIFUL WATCH ABsSIUTELY~FREE” '
This watch is a perfect beauty, gun-meal finish, open face, stem
and stem-wind, an accurate timepiece with fancy dial. The Lady’s
size is considerable smaller than the Man’s. A written guarantee with
each watch. Your initial engraved free on the watch you select.
Don t send a cent— just your name, and by return mail I will send
you l arge beautiful Art pictures. Your friends will be glad to hand
you 25 ccnts for a subscription to my paper and a picture. Return the
a, uount you collect to me, and the watch, like illustration, will be sent
you b. y registered mail. I trust you with the pictures and take them
b ac k you cann °t dispose of them, awarding you for what work you do.
Write to day for the pictures—send no money, a post card will do.
GARRET WALL, Dept. Farmers Voice, Chicago
rwypwamnnmTw- h ■■ <>i iwi—iiii i min iiiiii ' rwiirirT~wrrrr-rrT-~iri — r ~■rr-iiwimniiTr mr i>«i mu m i > mi
PHINIZY & CO. I
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
F COMPLIMENTS OF
L W TOM WATSON I
WmKtHE JEFFERSONIANS
This is the knife which The Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for new subscriptions or re
newals to the magazine or weekly. It’s a beauty. |
of a string of members of the Ameri
can Federation of Labor and you will
view a list of crimes against Ameri
cans stupendous beyond belief. They
defy the laws, sneer at the courts, in
cite mobs and are avowed enemies of
the peaceable citizens of all classes.
This band wields an iron bar over
its subjects and drives them to
idleness whenever they want to call
a strike or exact extra pocket-money
for themselves.
Men don’t want to be thrown out
of w T ork and lose their livelihood, but
what can they do when the slugging
and murdering committee stands al-
Gb* IMfersonian
ways ready to “do them” if they try
to work?
The poor woman and helpless chil
dren suffer and no one dares present
their case to the public. They must
suffer in silence, for they have no
way to right their wrongs., while the
notoriety-seeking leaders carry out
their work.
These men can not thus force op
pression on the weak and innocent
or use them to bring newspaper no
tice to themselves and money to their
pockets unless they can “hold them in
line.’
Therefore, with the craft of the fox
and the venom of the serpent, they
devise the “union label” and tell the
public to buy only articles carrying
that label.
Smooth scheme, isn’t it?
They extract a fee from every
union man, and in order to get these
monthly fees, they must hold the
workers in “the union” and force
manufacturers to kick out all inde
pendent men.
Can any one devise a more com
plete and tyrannical trust?
If allowed full sway, no independ
ent man could keep working in a
free factory, for the goods wouldn’t
sell, no matter how perfectly they be
made. Then, w r hen the factory has
been forced to close and the employ
ees get hungry enough from lack of
wages, the workers must supplicate
the union leaders to be “allowed” to
pay their fines (for not becoming
members before) and pay their
monthly fees to the purse-fat man
agers of the Labor Trust. Thereupon
(under orders) before the factory be
allowed to start they must force the
owners of the business to put on the
“union label” or strike, picket the
works, and turn themselves into slug
gers and criminals towards the inde
pendent workers who might still re
fuse to bend the knee and bow the
head.
In the meantime, babies and moth
ers go hungry and shoeless, but who
cares? The scheming leaders are
trained to talk of the “uplifting of
labor” and shed tears when they
speak of the “brotherhood of man,”
meaning the brotherhood of the
“Skinny Maddens,” “Sheas,” “Gomp
ers,” et al., always excluding the me
dium or high-grade indepenlent
workers.
Perhaps you have noticed lately
that the makers of the finest hats,
shoes and other articles have stopped
putting on the union label. Natural
ly. the Labor Trust managers have
ordered their dupes to strike, lie idle,
scrap, fight, slug and destroy proper
ty to force the makers to again put
on “the label.” But for some reason
the buying public has been aroused to
the insults and oppression behind it
and in thousands of cases have re
fused to buy any article carrying what
some one named the “tag of servi
tude and oppression.”
The bound and gagged union slave
is fined from $5.00 to $25.00 if he
buys any articles not bearing the
“union label.” Nevertheless, he, time
and again, risks the penalty and buys
"free” goods simply in order to help
the fellow workingman who is brave
enough to work where he pleases
without asking permission on bended
knees from the bulldozing leaders
who seek by every known method of
oppression and hate to govern him.
If these poor wage-workers will
thus brave fine and slugging to help
out other men who seek to live a free
life under our laws and constitution,
can not you, reader, help a little?
Will you reach out a hand to help
an' independent workman earn food
for his wife and babies? Or will you
from apathy and carelessness allow
him to be thrown out of work and the
helpless suffer until they prostrate
themselves before this stupendous
and tyrannical aggregation of leeches
upon honest American labor?
The successor of Henry Ward
Beecher in Plymouth church, Brook
lyn, says:
“Union labor hatred for labor
burns like a flame, eats like nitric
acid, is malignant beyond all descrip
tion. But the other day, a woman
representing a certain union visited
many families in Plymouth church
asking them to boycott a certain in
stitution. * * * Alas this union
woman’s hatred for non-union wom
en burned in her like the fires of
hell.
She was pitilessly, relentlessly and
tirelessly pursuing the non-union
women and men to destroy the mar
ket for goods, ti ruin their factory
and to starve them out.
In the French revolution only 2
per cent, of the French people be
lieved in violence. The 98 per cent,
allowed the 2 per cent, to fill the
streets of Paris with festering
corpses, to clog the Seine with dead
bodies, to shut up every factory in
Paris, until the laboring classes
starved by the score.
The small per cent, element in the
Labor Trust which hates and seeks
to destroy the large per cent, of in
dependent Americans sends out let
ters declaring “free” industries un
fair and tries to boycott their
products. If they could bind every
one it would bring suffering upon
hundreds of thousands, immeasura
ble ruin upon the country, and land
it absolutely under control of the
men now attempting to dictate the
daily acts of our people and extract
from each a monthly fee.
There are babies, children, wom
en and honest, hard-working and
skillful fathers who rely upon the
protection of their fellows, when they
seek to sell their labor where they
choose, when they choose, and for a
sum they believe it to be worth.
Every citizen having the rights,
privileges and protection of a citizen
has also the responsibility of a citi
zen.
The Labor Trust leaders may
suavely “request” (or order those
they can) to buy only “union label”
articles, and you can of course obey
if you are under orders.
Depend upon it, the creatures of
the Labor Trust will, upon reading
this, visit stores and threaten dire
results unless all the things bear
“the label.”
They go so far as to have their
women pretend to buy things, order
Cured His
Kidney and Bladder
Trouble At Home, At Small Cost. Will
Gladly Tell Any Sutterer How.
Mr. A. S. Hitchcock (Clothing Dealer), 970
Carrier Building, East Hampton, Conn., says
if any sufferer from a Kidney, Bladder or
Uric Acid Ailment will send him their address
he will, without any charge whatsoever, direct
them to the splendid and harmless remedy he
so successfully used at home in his own case.
We suggest it would be well to write him at
once, before letters get so nume ous he be
comes unable to answer them all promptly.
The information he so freely gives has proven
of particular value to hundreds of suffering
people.