LOEB EXPLAINS.
Washington, April 20. —The alleged owner
ship of big blocks of stock in the Washington
street railway companies by William Loeb,
Jr., secretary to President Roosevelt, and
Senator Francis G. Newlands, of Nevada, was
the basis for a sensational speech in the House
today by Representative Sims, of Tennessee.
Mr. Sims declared that congress found it most
difficult to legislate where the interests of the
Washington street railway companies were
concerned, because “a member of the Senate
committee on the District of Columbia” owned
1,008 shares of the Capital Traction Company,
while the President’s secretary held 4,700
shares of the Washington Electric Railway
Company.
Mr. Sims said he had no- objection to the
gentleman holding the stock, but he did ob
ject to the obstructions which were constantly
being placed in the way when congress was
trying to give the people what they are entit
led to expect from a public service corpora
tion.
Asked later for an explanation of his stock
holdings, Mr. Loeb said he had taken over the
stock in question with the expectation of be
coming president of the railway company, but
had decided not to leave his position with
President Roosevelt at this time. He admit
ted that he was still holding the stock, but ex
plained that he was the actual owner of only,
a small part of the block, the most of it be
longing to his friends. He intimated that he
intended to keep the stock; that while he
remained at the White House he would not
be able to discuss legislation affecting the com
pany with which he was connected. He also
admitted that he had just been elected a di
rector in the traction company.
The matter came up in the House through
the striking out by the Senate of the House
amendments to the Union Station Trackage
bill, which provided for universal transfers be
tween all lines under the supervision of the
district commissioners.
Senator Newlands is a millionaire democrat.
MR. RYAN’S ADMISSIONS.
Mr. Thomas Fortune Ryan seems to be
turning loose on his old associates in the crime
of frenzied wealth accumulation. He declares
that most of the railroads were built with the
money secured from the bonds sold to the
public, and that 95 per cent of the stock
represents nothing on top of God’s earth but
nerve and chicanery. Yet the patrons of the
railroads have been forced to pay the charges
demanded or the tariff levied by the great
crooks who controlled the corporations, to
give a value to the stocks and secure the
bonds. This is what has long been contended
by those favoring the reformation of our
corporation system, though few of those on
the outside estimated at so high a ratio the
, utter intrinsic worthlessness of the stocks.
Ryan has been a successful privileged
free-bqoter; he has achieved one of the world’s
great fortunes. This may be secured to him,
yet his information will throw much light anl
point a valuable moral. Great wealth carries
power with it, but unless acquired by honest
methods it should not carry respectfully.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
TWO HUNDRED_
P FOWLS IN COLORS H
WHAT THE POULTRY FANCIERS HAVE BEEN
I WANTING FOR MANY YEARS
/COLORED Pictures of all varieties of Poultry, Turkeys, Ducks and Geese will appear in the ■
1 4 American Poultry Journal beginning with the February number. You can get these ■
■ by subscribing for American Poultry Journal, 50c a year, or still better, if you tell your ■
friends about these pictures and get two or more subscribers, we will make each one of you the ■
cut price of 35c a year. probably already know the merits of American Poultry Journal, as
■ It Is known everywhere, being the oldest poultry paper in the United States and having the larg- ■
■ est circulation, 60,000 monthly. We spare no expense to make American Poultry Journal the
■ best. For two years we have been preparing this magnificent work, and it has cost us nearly ■
■ $5,000.00. Never before in the history of the poultry business have all recognized varieties of ■
poultry, turkeys, ducks and geese been pictured in colors and assembled in one harmonious ■
■ series of illustrations. Poultrymen ha#e wanted and demanded these for years, but no other ■
■ Poultry Journal has dared to undertake it; not even the American Poultry Association, although
■ the demand from poultrymen for colored pictures is so strong that it is now talked that the ■
■ American Poultry Association will have colored pictures of fowls in the Standard some time In
■ the future. ISend in your subscription today and start with the February number, so that you I
I will secure the complete set of these beautiful colored pictures. Address all orders to
■ American Poultry Journal Pub. Co., 117 So. Clinton St., Chicago, 111.
Plain Talks on Fertilizers
How to Get the Greatest Possible Yield per Acre
It is a well-known sold to Southern farm-
scientific fact that in ers last year; and every
order to produce the AC year the demand be
very greatest possible lyhaLfc comes greater,
yield from any soil it The best results in j
must contain an actual producing corn, the
excess over and above good old stand-by crop
all demands that can of the South, follow the
possibly be made on it |B|||ip|||| application of 200 to
by the plants. 300 pounds of the right
Many farmers will feed their fertilizer. Virginia - Carolina
stock as much nourishing food Fertilizers will greatly “in
as they can possibly assimi- crease your yields per acre”
late, yet will starve their crops of corn or any other crop, even
on the mistaken notion that on poor land—and the most
they are “economizing” on fer- wonderful results are produced
tilizer. The experiences of through its use on good land,
farmers, government experts, Write today to the nearest
and agricultur- office of the Vir-
Ealists every- ginia-Carolina
where confirm Chemical Com- ~ W
the fact that pany for a copy
plants, like ani- of their latest
mals, need the Year Book or
fullest possible Almanac, a large
amount of nour- 130-page book
ishment that of the most valu
they can obtain able and unpre
if they are to be judiced informa
developed to the utmost. tion for planters and farmers.
The economy in fertilizers VIRGINIA-CAROLINA
is not in the amount used but CHEMICAL CO.
in the ratio of quality to cost. Richmond, Va. Durham, N. C.
■» T . . . v -r? Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S. C.
Virginia-Carolina Fertilizers Columbia, s. c. Baltimore Mt,
are the best in the .. Atlanta, Ga.
world for the least Savannah, Ga.
money More than Enwggl
one million tons were Shreveport, La.
PAGE FIFTEEN