PAGE TWELVE
NEGRO DOMINATION.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
suavely soft-soaped, and became boister
ously happy.
The negro leaders thought that the
Gompers plan was a game that at least
two could play. Therefore, they bucked
up to the Republican chiefs, blustered,
bluffed and threatened —in that insolent
style which renders the worst type of ne
gro politician the most hateful of all hu
man beings. But the Republican chiefs
stood their ground. They had to. The
President had been endorsed, not only by
the Senators of his own party, but by
those of the Democratic party. This en
dorsement was given after the fullest,
most searching investigation of the facts
touching the Brownsville riot, and after
Senator Foraker had made his able and
exhaustive defence of the negro soldiers.
Failing to get satisfaction from Taft
and his associates, the negro leaders turn
ed to Bryan. And from him they
got something which has put them to
work for him.
The question we ask thinking Bryan
ites throughout the South is this:
DO YOU NOT SEE THE TER
RIBLE DANGERS OF THE PRECE
DENT BRYAN HAS SET?
What say you, Senator Tillman —can
the South hope for any benefit from the
election of Bryan equivalent to the injury
of making the negro the umpire of na
tional elections?
What say you, Vardaman —do you not
realize the fearful consequences to our fu
ture of encouraging the negro leaders of
doubtful Northern and Western States in
their well-laid policy of compelling the
white candidates to bid against each other
for the negro vote?
What say you, Broward, of Florida?
You’re a brave man —speak out like a
brave man and condemn this Bryanite
catering to the race-hatred of the North
ern negro for the Southern white.
What say you, Culberson, of Texas?
It was a Texas town that was shot up,
Texas blood that was shed —how can you
be silent and aquiescent while Bryan is
elevating the negro politician into the ar
biter of our presidential elections?
Look to it, gentlemen!
Before God and your country, you will
be held to responsibility, if, with the facts
before your eyes, you allow Bryan to un
do the work that it has cost the South
thirty years of toil and travail to do and
give us, nationally, a negro domination
infinitely worse than anything we ever
had in states politics.
H H
The blunder of Taft.
We can not but think that Mr. Taft
made a mistake when he carried his
speech of acceptance to Oyster Bav for
the approval of Mr. Roosevelt. Even
Martin Van Buren did not do a thing
like that after the Democratic Party had
nominated him in obedience to the will of
Andrew Jackson.
THE JEFERSONIAN.
Already, Mr. Taft was somewhat han
dicapped by the fact that he was another
man’s man. The school-boy act of car
rying “the composition” to the teacher for
correction, ill becomes a presidential can
didate.
HMM
That 'Rumored Deal.
Says the Augusta Herald:
“Somehow, we can imagine Governor
Hoke Smith taking the stump if needed
and called upon in behalf of the success
of the Democratic ticket, but we can not
imagine Candidate Joe Brown and his
friends taking any very active part in the
success of the national ticket. Indeed,
if the rumors and reports which have
gone broadcast over the state are true,
the late successful faction in the party in
Georgia has promised the state to Hon.
Thos. E. Watson, the Populist candidate
for president.”
The rumor that Mr. Watson made any
deal with T os. M. Brown, asked anything
of that gentleman, was promised any
thing, directlv or indirectly, is as baseless
a campaign falsehood as malice ever in
vented.
We do not believe that the Augusta
Herald, for one moment, considers Mr.
Watson capable of bartering conviction
for personal gain, or of being influenced
in anv political course bv selfish and sor
did motives.
Jos. M. Brown is under no obligations
to Mr. Watson. If he and every one of
his friends vote the Bryanite ticket, Mr.
Watson will have no other complaint to
make of them than he has of other Geor
gians who vote for Bryanism rather than
for Democratic principles.
In other words, Mr. Watson did pre
cisely what he thought was right, in the
gubernatorial campaign, and nobody owes
him the least debt of any kind.
K
POPULISM AGAIN.
To the People’s Party of Texas:
By the authority vested in me as chairman
of the People’s Party of Texas, I hereby call
a State Convention of said party to meet in
the city of Fort Worth, Texas, at 10 a. m.,
August 11, 1908, to complete the electoral
ticket for Watson and Williams, to take such
action as the convention deems best in regard
to a state, congressional, senatorial and rep
resentative ticket in every district in the state,
to elect a new state committee,' a stae chair
man and secretary and such other business
as may come before the convention.
It is earnestly hoped that every county in
Texas will be represented in that convention.
I am arranging to have our candidate for
President, Hon. Thos. E. Watson, also Jay W.
Forrest of New York, as well as some others
from other states, with us. I will try to se
cure reduced railroad rates and do every
thing possible to secure a big convention.
Headquarters at Richelieu Hotel.
J. M. MALLETT,
Chairman People’s Party State Committee of
Texas.
A FEW THINGS TOM WATSON HAS
DONE TO DESERVE THE
ELECTORAL VOTE.
By Tom. Dolan.
“What has Thos. E. Watson ever done to
entitle him to the electoral vote I ?’’ has been
asked and the writer takes pleasure in call
ing attention to the following facts:
As a member of the Legislature in 1882-3,
Mr. Watson supported the Technological
School bill of Hon. N. E. Harris. The abid
ing value of that great instituton to the State
of Georgia and its immeasurable benefit to
the entire South are equalled only by our
pride in it.
At that same session of the Assembly, he
urged the bill to tax railroad property in
each county through which the railroad ran;
and he secured the adoption of a measure
to liberalize the law as to farm tenants. In
that far-away time, when men were very tim
id about allying themselves with temperance
movements, Tom Watson led the debate on a
Local Option law through which whiskey was
voted out of the country counties.
In 1888, Mr. Watson canvassed the State,
as elector at large, for -Grover Cleveland, on
the Tariff Reform issue. Whenever the Dem
ocratic party has shown itself willing to help
the people, Watson has always been willing
to help that party.
In 1889, he made the first attack on the
Jute Bagging Trust, wihch was oppressing
the farmers. This attack started the move
ment which bursted that trust. The farmers
boycotted the jute and wrapped the bales in
other covering.
When Watson made the race, in 1890, for
Congress on the Farmers’ Alliance (now the
Populist) platform, he carried every county
he contested. His record in Congress is one
of remarkable achievement. He fought to a
finish the infamous Cutting bill. Because he
is NOT in Congress today is the reason the
Dick bill passed, which is the same thing prac
tically as the Cutting, and is designed to abol
ish the Stae Militia and make a great Federal
army of 250,000 troops in times of peace,
add to the burden of taxation and reduce our
country to a condition of German subjugation
to the military.
In February, 1893, Watson secured the
FIRST appropriation ever made by this Gov
ernment for FREE DELIVERY MAIL to
people living outside of incorporated towns
and cities. This founded our present splen
did R. F. D. system, which gives honorable
employment to 40,000 men and carries the
blessings of education daily to the homes of
millions of people. Watson is accused of
sectional prejudice—though he has worked con
stantly and won gloriously for all sections..
There is no section of this nation he does not
love and labor for, but when Bryan could take
the gifts of the South with one hand, and
slap her in the face with the other, Watson
says NO! If this be sectionalism, make the
most of it!
He was active in bringing about the law
compelling railroads to equip freight trains