they can pay their taxes and other obligations
and relieve the stringency on the money mar
ket, which is always tight at the time of
moving the crop? Such a certificate would be
readily received for all debts and would be
based on much readier collateral than whis
key or clearing house certificates, which are
sanctioned by law. They would keep the pros
perity of the South moving with leaps and
bounds.
Again, gentlemen, there are some laws that
should be repealed.
Under a statute of this state farmers are
O* 4 ?
w / . ill
' —More Zand |MW
fllgllf Better Tobacco %14
—Bigger Profits
The labor is as fe reat to £ row and
harvest a P oor cro P as a good one.
|r When you can so surely “increase jw/r
Y ields per acre” and get a far better
quality of tobacco by using
W Winia Carolina W
J Fertilizers Wfl
why not use them this season t There’s no reason why you
S cannot accomplish the same as thousands of others. Mr. V.
£ C. Love, of Tinkling, Va., says “As a producer of fine tobac
g co, Ido not feel I can say enough for your fertilizer. It makes IpC/l
tobacco that brings me more money than any other fertilizer g's&jh
I can get. I have tried many other brands but none equaled
yours. I believe Virginia-Carolina Fertilizers to be the best
g on the market for tobacco.” y
| Virginia-Carolina Fertilizers contain better and higher jgV’
P grade materials than any other brands of tobacco fertilizer. t
They will increase the yield per acre, and improve the I
V texture and quality of the tobacco you grow, so you can $
& get a better price per pound than ever before. $
V Much valuable information on tobacco-culture will be found in
the new Virginia-Carolina Year Book or Almanae. Don’t fail
ts"?: to ask your fertilizer dealer for a copy, or write our nearest
sales office and one will be sent you free. xf
V'l Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Richmond, Va. Durham, N. C.
Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S. C. a
Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md. J?
& . sh' Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga.
Savannah, Ga. Ji
Montgomery, Ala. |
V "‘U Memphis, Tenn. .JfesS
/ \. Shreveport, La. U £
| \ / MyFe>tWrsjM%
| W 1 r 1
w»® '-'Mu fe _wsFHMH
I You Hdve the Chance to Save Money, Take Advantage of
■ j ujt We Save you from S2O 00 to $40.00 on a Buggy and Guarantee every vehicle for Twelve Months. ■
■ SH COODA!, Send AT ONCE for our Complete New Catalog—lt fully 'describes aend faithfully pictures our many beautiful “South-
■ ’ Vi AMT >6O . ern Style Vehicles" from $25.90 up. The Best Built. Best Finished and Lowest Priced High-class Buggies on the market.
«v/Xn^^"--U>rV'Cx/vv\ '■ / avt\ job
I MALSBY, SHIPP <8 CO., Dept. F 41 5. Forsyth Stmt, Atlanta, Ca.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
compelled to give in their cotton for taxation
before the crop can be marketed or even
before ginning is finished. The government
report on the 20th of March, it is estimated
yet to be ginned 127,000 bales of cotton, which
would make about 22,000 bales of Georgia’s
crop still unginned, and under the laws of
Georgia all cotton for sale in the hands of
the farmers on the 14th of this month
(March) is subject to taxation, and we be
lieve this has caused many thousands of
bales to be put on market.
Georgia does not give the farmers time to
sell or even gin their cotton crop before they
are compelled to pay taxes on it. Is this fair
and just to the farmers who are at the same
time paying taxes on their lands, mules,
wagons, plantation tools, etc.?
Ask the candidates for the legislature how
they stand on these matters before you cast
your votes. WM. L. PEEK.
Fountain Hill, (near) Conyers, Ga.
-—Exchange.
An empty gun kills no game, so an unpre
pared life makes no success.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the Voter* of the Northern Judicial Otr
ouit:
I announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to tho primary to be held for
that purpose. I amure you that I will appre
ciate your support.
k D. M GREGOR
For Sale
Pure Pulnott Cotton Seed.
Pure and unmixed. If not as represented re
turn them at my expense and the price will
be refunded. Prices: SI.OO per bushel; or
ders for over 40 bushels at 90 cents per bushel.
J. E. BRADBURY, JR.
Athens, Ga., R. F. D. 4.
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’e
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson's Jef
fersonian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
World’s Events and Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian. Both one year $1.75
World’s Events and Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.26
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine. Both one year... .$2.25
Odum Clark’s Magazine and Watson’s Week
ly. Both one year $1.35
Odum Clark’s Magazine and Watson’s Jeffer
sonian Magazine. Both one year $1.85
Address
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
PAGE SEVEN