PAGE FOUR
country and the wealth of all the people.
The happiest era in the history of our Re
public was the decade which preceded the
Civil War. The principles of Jackson and Jef
ferson were supreme. What Populism is try
ing to do, is to bring back the ascendency of
these principles, so that our people may again
be prosperous and free and happy.
Taking advantage of the Civil War; taking
advantage of the sectional passions which
burned so long and so fiercely; taking ad
vantage of the wickedness and woe of the Re
construction period; these “non-combatant”
financiers, actuated by the same spirit as that
which sends the night prowler to the battle
field to rob the dead, contrived the cunning
system of finance which shackles our com
merce and despoils our labor.
Torn by sectional prejudice and political
strife, the people on both sides, North and
South, were unconscious of the vicious, vandal
laws which were being put upon the Statute
books.
Shall sectional prejudice always keep us
blind to these facts? Shall political agitation
always deafen us to the Voice of Truth?
God forbid!
May the ignorant masses learn; may the
sleeping masses wake up; may the abject
masses get the stoop out of their backs; may
the overburdened masses come to know and
to feel that their burdens are not God-made,
but man-made; and may the hearts of the
people be once again filled and thrilled by the
grand old principle of Anglo-Saxon manhood —
it is better to die the death of the brave and
the free than to lead the life of the coward
and the slave!
The Federal Judiciary.
In a nicely balanced system like burs, where
the States revolve, each in its own orbit,
around the great central sun, the Federal Gov
ernment, it means governmental chaos if one
of the States leaves its appointed sphere, or if
the Central Government moves out of its Con
stitutional position.
The original thirteen colonies were independ
ent of each other. When Great Britain ac
knowledged their independence, she named
each one, separately, as an independent State.
The Old Confderation was a League of Sov
ereigns. When the more perfect Union was
formed, under the Constitution of 1787, it be
came necessary to establish a tribunal which
should have authority to set aside the law of
a State when such law violated the constitu
tion.
To preserve the dignity of the States and
the uniformity of decisions, it was provided in
the Judiciary Act of 1789, that the test of the
Constitutionality of a State law should first be
made in the State Courts of the State whose
law was challenged, and that if the State Courts
refused to set aside the statute in question, an
appeal might be taken from the Supreme Court
of the State to the Supreme Court of the
■United States.
That method of testing the Constitutionality
of a state law has never been changed by Con
gress, nor by any amendment to the Federal
Constitution. It is the law of the land today.
Previous to the Civil War, no State law was
ever attacked in any other manner.
Where do the federal judges of District
Courts get their authority to enjoin Governors
and suspend the operation of State laws, as
they have been doing since the Civil War?
What line of the Revised Statutes gives these
lower federal courts any such jurisdiction?
• THE JEFFERSONIAN.
What clause in the Constitution justifies them?
It can not be found. It does not exist The
act of the federal courts that have been enjoin
ing State authorities, annulling State law and
arrogating to themselves the right to put a
veto on State legislation, is nothing in the
world but the encroaching audacity of the cor
porations, acting through the servility of the
judge!
The Eleventh Amendment to the Constitu
tion has no other purpose than to protect the
States from just such outrageous wrongs and
humiliations as they have been subjected to
by corporation attorneys, presiding as judges,
during the last thirty or forty years.
If the laws of the State are wrong, why
can not they be attacked first in the State
Courtis, as the Judiciary Act of 1789 provides?
If the State Courts uphold an Act of the legis
lature which is in conflict witu. the Constitu
tion, redress can be had by an appeal to the
Supreme Court of the United States.
The original thirteen independent States
which agreed to the “more perfect union”
would never have surrendered their sovereign
ty to any greater extent than that.
A law of Georgia which has never been re
pealed emphatically commanded the Governor
of the State to refuse to accept service in any
case brought against the State in the Federal
Courts by private individuals.
This Legislative Act shows the spirit of our
ancestors. So far have we wandered from
old landmarks, so indifferent have we become
to the great principles upon which our Gov
ernment is founded, that neither the Legisla
ture nor the people made an outcry last year
when a private corporation, which was called
into life by the laws of this State, haled the
State of Georgia to a lower federal court and
demanded that the Sovereign State show cause
to this federal judge, why one of her laws
should not be torn out of the books, by the
judge of this inferior federal court.
The Governor accepted service, went into
that inferior federal court, and earnestly im
plored the judge to allow the grand old State
of Georgia—one of the original thirteen —to
carry on her State Government!
If ever I am President of this Republic, I
promise you one thing: That these corpora
tion henchmen, acting as federal judges, are
going to get such a call-down as will make
them glad to scurry back to their Constitu
tional sphere. To accomplish this, notnmg
more is necessary than that the Executive
power shall assert itself and restore the bal
ance between the Executive, the Legislative
and the Judicial Departments. If ever I should
represent the Chief Executive power, the man
ner in which it will be asserted will make
good reading for future generations.
The Teutonic People: Never Patient Serfs.
The Latins sunk under the weignt of Spe
cial Privilege. On. the luminous pages of Gib
bon you read of the Decline and Fall of Rome.
But we Americans are descendants of the Teu
tonic peoples—a stronger race than the Latins.
We are the sons of the men who could never
be conquered by Rome. It was the victory of
our heroic ancestors in the woods of Germany—
annihilating the Roman force —that called to
the lips of the Emperor Augustus the cry:
“Oh, Varus, give back my legions!”
It was the Teuton who was hired to fight the
battles of Rome, when she was no longer able
to fight them herself. It was the Teuton who
finally became tired of upholding the rotten
Empire of the Caesars, and who helped divide
it out among better men. It was the Teuton
who met the shock of the invading hordes of
Mahomet, rescued Europe from the Crescent
and held it for the Cross. It was the Teuton
who battled against the elements of chaos, in
the Dark Ages, and came forth triumphant,
with the great lines of social order slowly tak
ing their place around him, and the light of
dawning civilization on the top of his spear.
Tne women of the East, taken captive in
war, wore lightly the chains which Roman
masters placed upon them. They had been
slaves at home, mere ministers to sensuality,
and to them a change of seraglios was not a
matter of vital concern. But the women of
the West, they from wnom come to us our
mothers, wives, sisters —whenever the Teuton
soldiers had lost a fight, and the legions of
Rome were lords of the vanquished, the Teu
ton women, who had followed their loved ones
to the war, slew themselves rather than yield
to Roman lust Glorious women of the West!
“Fashioned in Paradise,” wreathed in graces
and virtues like blossoms plucked in the green
fields of Eden, “led down to earth by angels
along a pathway of stars —to be the joy, the
blessing, the inspiration of noble men.”
Sons of such women were never meant for
slaves, nor have they ever patiently endured
the yoke of any servitude. In spite of strong
walled castles and mail-clad knights, our an
cestors broke down the military aristocracy
which had ridden over them and despoiled
them in the Feudal Ages.
In spite of Norman craft and Norman valor,
our ancestors brought tyrannical kings to tneir
knees and wrenched from their reluctant hands
the Charters which have been the cradles of
modern Democracy.
And if we tamely submit to the financial
aristocracy which erects its strongholds upon
the heights of Special Privilege and from these,
lofty battlements sends forth the marauding
statutes that hold us up on every highway and
rob us of what is ours—if we yield to these
insolent and insatiable plutocrats WITHOUT
A FIGHT, we will be the first branch of the
great Teutonic family that ever disgraced itself
by such a pusillanimous surrender.
I, for one, am proud of a record of pro
longed, consistent, and determined battle
against the infamous class legislation whose
yoke we bear. And because of this record
and because my comrades call me, and be
cause of the memory of the thousands of the
men of the Old Guard of Populism who as
long as they lived stood by me, and believed
in me and loved me, and because the monitor
that speaks to me from within says Do it, I
accept the nomination which my Party has
tendered.
Any soldier can fight bravely when he knows
that his are the heavy battalions that are sure
to win. The truest soldiers are those who
fight gallantly when they know they can not
win. Why, then, do they fight?
Because, sometimes, it is better to have
fought and lost than not to have -fought at all.
From every field of our Civil War—from
every part of that bloody path which stretches
from Big Bethel to Appomattox, if those who
wore the Gray could speak, would come the
voice:
“Believing as we did, we had to fight Honor,
self-respect, patriotic convictions were impera
tive—we had to fight. And on these fields
where we fought and fell, in the Lost Cause,
as well as upon the fields of Thermopylae,