I WOULD STAY HERE.
I would stay here, within the limit of
this street,
From year to year lulled by the mighty
beat
Os human hearts. Thrilled by the
ponderous tread
Os millions, remote from twilight calm
and all I dread.
I would stay here, forgetting fairy
light and fern clad glen,
The valley bright and still. The shad
owed hill, and then
Those haunting strains, so clear in
evening air, the red-bird’s song!
0 mystic song! Above the awful beat
this ponderous tread, I hear that
song.
I would stay here, cliff dwelling in
this narrow street,
Forgetting crescent moon and breath
of meadow sweet,
The grey and rose of coming dawn,
and days of gold;
Remote from those eternal things with
eharm untold.
-I would stay here, and never see again
the living earth,
The singing pine, and laughing stream
that knew thy birth,
Oh, love of mine, that knew thy
death, oh love of mine,
That knew my rapture, knew my end
less pain, oh love of mine.
BERTHA McE. KNIPE.
‘‘COTTON SHOULD BE SURPLUS
CROP.”
S. H. McCotd, Norwood, (Jia., Route 2.
The attendance on our last meeting
at Reynoldsville Union was small, but
every brother present was in favor of
your suggestion in regard to the cot
ton market and are ready to chip in
and I know of several new Union men
that say they are also ready to re
spond. I think the move would be a
good one, not only for the present,
but the effects will be seen and felt
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
To All Our Agents
To the agent who sends us the largest number of subscriptions
to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, or Watson's Jeffersonian Magazine,
between Feb. 18 and April 1, 1909, we will give
TEN DOLLARS IN CASH.
To the agent who sends us the second largest number of sub
scriptions, as above, we will give
FIVE DOLLARS IN CASH. ’
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows:
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian io points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards 5
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian .... ’ . 5 ”
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards .. 4
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian .....\ 2U
Three months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2 ~
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in for this prize competition. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS* Thomson, Ga.
in the future. T think the only real
solution is to raise everything we
n£ed for home consumption and keep
out of debt. Or, in other words, let
the cotton crop be a surplus and then
we could command a better price.
Mr. Watson, I think the farming claims
realize more fully than ever that you
are their friend and long may you
live to hold aloft and expose the
rottenness of those who are trying to
crush the life out of the tillers of
the soil, the only source from which
all prosperity comes.
Respectfully yours,
S. H. McCord.
COOK’S
Improved Cotton Seed for sale by
the originator at $1.50 per bushel,
money to accompany order.
J. R. COOK, Ellaville, Ga.
FERTILIZER WITHOUT
A FILLER
is what you get when you buy
Schoen’s Blood 8 Bone Fertilizers
12 bags to a ton. Will go farther
and cost less than any other fer
tilizers on the market. Be convinc
ed. One trial will make you a
steaffy customer.
Manufactured by
Schoen Brothers
Fertilizer Works,
Office, 325 Decatur St., Atlanta, Ga.
'Seffcrsonlaii
Great Clubbing and Premium Offer!
Read this Offer very Carefuliy
Because of a special favorable arrangement we are able to offer our
readers this remarkable offer:
Weekly Jeffersonian One Year ) 4
Up-to-Date Farming One Year All FOF
Fifty Beautifu’, Entertaining i
and Instructive Post Cards r Cc f
Membership in the Up-to-Date JU ■
Post Card Exchange j •
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming famous,
because it teaches farmers how te market their crops profitably. Our read
ers can well afford to subscribe for it as with the two papers they will get a
BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and marketing.
The post cards are known as a “TRIP AROUND THE WORLD.” There
are fifty of them, all beautifully printed in colors and contain the most in
teresting, domestic and foreign views. To give an idea of this valuable set
we will imagine we are going to take a trip around the world in souvenir
post cards, and below are named the places we will visit and what we will
see:
Jr * ’ W A AllßKMgamk
UJlfritellr In
• ■ / -1 .•*£3l
r' >• - -fc-Swat* 1
xv Er w 8 -Jr
Where We Go What We See Where We Go What We See
1. Chicago, Lincoln Park. 26. Paris, Notre Dame Cathe-
2. Chicago, Stock Yards. „ , dral.
3. Indianapolis, State Capital. g EdlEong£' e '
4. St. Louis, Reservoir Park. 29. Denmark, Copenhagen.
5. Colorado, Royal Gorge. 30. Norway, Christiania.
6. Yellowstone Pk., Hot Springs. |l; &".W”ti>e Rhine.
7. Los Angeles, Palmetto Avenue. 33. Germany, Cologne Cathedral.
8. California, Famous Big Tree. 34. Switzerland, Falls of the Rhine.
9. Manitoba, Harvest Scenes. 35. France, Monte Carlo, General
1?: §:» York, NlagSa »• Fra “‘‘ e ' M ° t a £ C ‘ rl °' The C "-
12. Buffalo, Lafayette Square. 37. Egypt, Boats'on the Nile.
13. Buffalo, Historical bo- 38 Egyp t, Rgk at A ’‘ U
14. New York City, Wall Street. Calcutta, Eden Gar-
15. Brooklyn, Brooklyn Bridge. <»• India, den
16. New York City, Central Park 40. China, Harbor of Hong Kong
17. Brooklyn, Sheepshead Bay Ra- 41 China, Shanghai, Nankin
- r ces - ~ .. Road.
18. Havana, Moro Castle. 42. China, General View, Can-
19. Panama, Colon. ton
20. Panama, Panama Canal. 43. China, Pekin
21 Soain Bu P Flght at Valen ‘ £ Manchuria, Mukden.
P ’ cia. 45. Manchuria, Liaoyang, Battlefield.
22 Portugal General View of Lis- 46. Japan, • Tokio, Street Scene.
roriugai, bon. 47. j apan , T okio’ Tea House
23. Portugal, Fountain of Leiila. 48. Japan, Kyota. Tea House.
24. France, Palace of Versailles. 49. Philippine Isis., Manila.
25. Paris, Arch of Triumph. 50. Philippine Isis., Cebu.
Don’t you want this great set of cards? It will be the gem of your col
lection, or you may have great satisfaction in using them in correspondence
with your friends.
The Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is the only one of its kind in the
country, it has many thousand members all over the United States and in
some foreign countries. Get your address on this exchange and you will re
ceive postal cards from many fine people, and by sending to them many
agreeable correspondents may be secured. If you are a member of the ex
change it will give you the opportunity to employ many otherwise idle mo
ments pleasantly, and, perhaps, profitably.
Fill out and mail the coupon promptly, better do it today. Everything
will be sent at once.
Cut off here.
Publisher of Weekly Jeffersonian:
Please send Weekly Jeffersonian and Up-to-Date Farming one year and
stop the papers then if not renewed, also fifty Trip Around the World Post
Cards, and put my address In the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange, as per
your offer.
I enclosefor the same.
Name•
R. RP. O
County State
PAGE THIRTEEN