PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
SENATOR TILLMAN AND THE
LAND GRANT CASE.
The speech of Senator Tillman yes
terday in reference to his connection
with the Oregon land grant case did
not get him away from the letters he
had written in the matter, photo
graphic copies of which the President
had sent to Senator Hale, nor relieve
the situation as it was first presented
to the public, nor improve upon the
explanation he made Sunday that
when he said in his speech in Febru
ary that he had not “undertaken” to
acquire any of the Oregon land he
meant that he had not “contracted”
for any. The fact that he had inter
ested himself in having the grant to
the wagon road company vacated and
had negotiated for nine quarter sec
tions of the land under a speculative
ownership remains undisputed. In
his speech yesterday he indeed con
fessed “disingenuousness” in his Sen
ate speech of the 19th of February.
This is the worst statement of the
facts that could be made about Mr.
Tillman. He has committed no crime;
he has violated no law. He has done
improperly; he has been gravely in
discreet, but he has offended no can
on of integrity. Yet his conduct in
the matter has not been characterized
by his accustomed candor, as he him
self avows, and his position is not an
enviable one. Yesterday he did not
measure up. It was not a time to an
swer crimination with recrimination
and he gained nothing by making
faces at the President and by calling
him names, except in the valueless
judgment of the mob which ran over
King Cotton’s Impoverished Retinue
By Daniel J. Sully
MERICAN cotton plant
ers, proprietors of the
greatest gold-producing
staple in the world, are
poor. They are in practi
cal servitude. It is a
tragedy of contemporary
life that they who produce
for the world the com-
I
modify without which modern civiliza
tion and industrial life could not pro
ceed are themselves absolutely subser
vient and the poorest paid toilers in
the United States. Intellectually the
cotton-growers are surrounded and
coerced by factors which have no
other purpose than to keep them in
this benighted vassalage. From this
condition influences of a new Ameri
can spirit must liberate them.
We smile at the Celestial shivering
in the midst of coal-fields larger than
the state of Pennsylvania. Ameri
ca’s attitude toward cotton is almost
equally grotesque. On the southern
rim of the United States, within an
area of practically fourteen states, is
grown eighty per cent, of the world’s
supply of cotton, the remaining twenty
twenty per cent, grown in South Amer
itself in effort to get into the galleries.
He is for it all, consigned there by
himself, in a lower niche in intelligent
public opinion. From this encounter
with the President he emerges worsted
and further weakens himself be his
announcement of purpose to return
to the charge. This means no more
than another contest in blackguard
ism and while a gaping multitude wil
await the onset with eagerness, the
forknowledge of it will make the judi
cious grieve.
_ Meanwhile what is to be said of this
President of ours? He makes occa
sion of the congressional reprimand of
himself in the secret service matter to
lug in a wholly foreign matter, to-wit:
the reports of inspectors of the Post
office Department reflecting on a
Senator; to forward these, uncalled
for, to Senator Hale, chairman of the
postoffice committee of the Senate,
and to give them to the press in ad
vance of action on them by the Sen
ate. The action was most extraord
inary and could have been prompt
ed only by personal or political con
sideration. The public will not be
lieve that the motive was political or
that any high public purpose was in
view. It was only that occasion of
fered to even scores with an ancient
enemy, and to this level did the Presi
dent of the United States descend.
His victory should be small recom
pense to him for the fact that he yet
further lowered the dignity of his of
fice and quickened the joy of all con
siderate people that but six weeks re
main to him in the place which he
has done so much to belittle. —Char-
lotte Observer.
ica, India, and the Far Eeast, is of an
inferior quality and cannot compete
with the cotton grown in the United
States. Notwithstanding this enor
mous advantage, the fact still remains
that this heaven-sent boon, paradoxi
cal though it may seem, does not
enrich, but rather impoverishes, the
southland.
This is a tale of commercial inepti
tude. Our greatest asset is our great
est humiliation. 'Cotton is king, but it
is a badly served monarch. Other na
tions, by far-sighted policy, intense
activity, and commercial alertness,
have overcome the tremendous ad
vantage we have, and by beating down
the price of the raw product, and with
cheap labor on looms and machinery
for the manufacture of the finished
product, now control the markets of
the world. In the Orient, where we
once had our share of trade, the mar
ket. to say the least, is slipping from
us. It seems almost a travecty on
American business methods that Eng
lish and German manufacturers can
go on the docks at Galveston and take
our raw cotton, carry it to Eurdpe in
subsidized ships, weave it with cheap
Gfye 3effersontan
HOW QUEER.
“They say that Bill Taft is even a
bigger man than Hoke Smith,” won
deringly exclaims the Savannah Press.
He is now, but he wasn’t three years
ago. There wasn’t nobody as big as
Hoke then, but he has shrunk some
since.—Griffin (Ga.) News.
A DIRE PREDICTION.
The ability of the trusts to survive
almost any amount of tariff reduction
—and the probability is that most of
them are as well fortified as the Steel
Corporation—suggests that tariff re
duction will not do as much as many
people have expected toward solving
the trust problem. Tariff or no tariff,
they will continue to exist. Their
profits may be cut down and they may
be forced to submit to a fiercer compe
tition for markets, all of which may
be to the public advantage, but they
will outlive their competitors and ulti
mately become masters of the field. —
Washington (Ind.) News.
THE POPULISTS ALWAYS RIGHT.
“Why,” says Tom McNeal, “should
not Kansas save a quarter of a million
dollars per annum in the cost of their
school books and at the same time
spend the money for labor necessary
in the making of the books, at
home?” Why not? We are with Tom
in this and several others of his So
cialistic schemes, but suppose he and
his powerful friends had not ridiculed
that same idea out of court twelve
labor, retransport it to the United
States, pay the customs duty, and
undersell our home manufacturers.
There is something wrong here, isn’t
there 1 ?
Cotton is the clothing of the un
counted multitudes, and even those
born to the purple depend upon cot
ton for much of their appareling.
King Cotton’s dominion is mankind.
America, therefore, producing, prac
tically alone, a commodity vital to
civilized life and progress, has in
that harvest the secret of incompar
able wealth and power. It is not steel
or lumber, kerosene or corn, that in
sures enduring leadership for the
United States. Vast capital and
dynamic genius have gone into the
development of steel, yet this is tran
sitory. The scepter of steel must
ultimately slip from our grasp. The
iron-ore beds of the Lake Superior
region are doomed. Experts have
numbered their years as less than a
generation. Lumber cannot furnish a
permanent foundation for our indus
trial preeminence. The forests are
fast vanishing. Oil has contributed
one of the leading items to our export
years ago when the populists were
working on that line we would have
already three million dollars saved in
our little old dime bank. But we are
not kicking. By all means let us have
state publication now. —The Better
Way, Minneapolis, Kan.
Exercise patience. It ALWAYS
takes 12 to 25 or 40 years for the mass
of people to find out that the ideas of
the Populists are correct. Their
“ridiculing things out of Court” is
precisely what has made them enslav
ed to a money power, trembling
victims of panics, stupid adherents to
party name.
Have you read our wonderful offer
to send you two papers for three
mouths and 20 American Girl post
cards, all for 25 cents?
£ 1 The way William Randolph Hearst
has taken to rushing to the defense of
the president is enough to make Mr.
Roosevelt feel duly humiliated,” says
the Augusta Chronicle. Which re
minds us to wonder which of these
two eminent and chummy public citi
zens taught the other to steal private
correspondence.—Griffin (Ga.) News.
“The pa-a-a-pers. Give me back
the pa-a-a-pers, villain, ’ ’ cries Senator
Tillman. —Louisville Herald.
IS THERE ANY REASON
Why you should not take advantage
of our FREE offer to our subscribers?
Read our great clubbing and premium
offer on another page.
trade, and has multiplied incredibly
the fortunes of its managers; but the
oil-wells cannot disgorge their illumi
nant forever. Besides, the Baku
fields are ready to compete. Our com
and wheat before the end of many
decades will be consumed at home.
Argentina, central Europe, and Man
churia produce these cereals in prod
igal abundance. Even if our corn
and wheat were the world’s sole suffi
cient supply, as in the case of our
cotton, the oversea nations could dis
pense with these staples, as some of
them now do. Millions upon millions
of Mongolians have not yet developed
an appetite for anything save rice.
But all of them are clad in cotton
goods. An additional inch on the
shirts worn by the Mongolians would
mean one million bales of cotton, and
this is the market that is slipping
from us.
Cotton Makes America Supreme
Among Nations.
Thus it is cotton, and cotton alone,
that can make America permanently
unique and supreme among the na
tions. This fact makes grotesque the