people of Georgia made a short crop, and got
a short price for it; They are hard up. Money
is tight. The situation is worse than it was a
year ago. Yet, at this time of financial worry
and distress, the mighty ones who rule us in
flict this blow upon the people. IT IS OUT
RAGEOUS.
In the old times, before the day of text
book rascality, the same books were success
ively used by every son and daughter of the
family. The same speller, reader, definer,
grammar, arithmetic, geography, and “Com
position ’ passed from the older to the younger
children, until they were worn out. How is it
now? You can gather up a wagon load of
cast-off school-books in any community,—
books that are as good as new, but which can
not be used, because the hTgfi and mighty ones
have “changed.”
What is the remedy? Don’t vote for any
member of the Legislature, hereafter, until
you pledge him, PUBLICLY AND POSI
TIVELY, to make a law which will compel
the state to publish its own text-books,
_ (through competitive bidders) and to furnish
these books to the teachers, free of cost, for the
use of the schools.
H *
Earthquakes and Appropriations.
Our Government, —half of which ought to
be in the lunatic asylum,—has set the prece
dent of making appropriations of public money
to relieve distress in foreign countries when
ever an earthquake occurs. A natural conse
quence is that earthquakes are on the increase.
You can hardly pick up a newspaper without
seeing an account of another earthquake. In
fact, they are breaking out all over the earth’s
surface, like measles and chicken pox, and
“shingles.”
You see, it's this way: our fool Congress
started the thing by appropriating SIO,OOO to
relieve the French negroes, of Martinique,
when they had a shake-up some years ago,
and subsequently did the thing for the
English negroes of Jamaica. Neither France
nor England did anything for their niggers.
These two sensible nations just stood off and
grinned, while Uncle Sam—blamed old nin
compoop—sailed across the waters to feed peo
ple who weren’t the least bit hungry. Even
if they had been hungry, it was none of his
business to take our tax-money to satisfy their
wants.
Then came the Italian earthquakes, and
Uncle Sam began to have fits. With a whoop
and a rush, Theodore and Congress got to
gether and poured SBOO,OOO out of our treasury,
sending it over the pond to feed the dagoes.
But that was not enough. A happy thought
smote Theodore: he determined to have our
navy carry over lumber and stuff, to build 500
houses for the homeless dagoes.
Here indeed was encouragement to the
earthquakes! What could you expect after
that? The people of Morocco love good vic
tuals, and houses that can be had “free-gratis
for nothing.” So the untutored Moors began
to get in touch with the telegraph companies,
and to report earthquakes. The people of Asia
Minor are imitative heathen, also, and they,
too, are human enough to look a gift horse in
the mouth every chance they get, —so they
have begun to report earthquakes.
And then,‘"•there are our own dear Philip
pines,—they likewise are beginning to be up
to snuff. Seeing it in the papers that Uncle
Sam is sloshing his money around on earth
quakes, regardless, and has gone into the busi
ness of housebuilder for the pauper labor of
Europe, lhe Filipino’s mouth waters for some
of that same, —and he reports earthquakes.
' Never heard of so ifiany earthquakes since
we were born. Looks like the surface of the
earth is all of a quiver and tremble.
No wonder. The way our fool Government
is going on, is enough to unsettle everything.
Hurry up, Theodore J Hurry up, Hon, Sena-
ISfye Jeffersonian
tors and Reps.! The Moors are as much en
titled to rations and houses as the dagoes are.
The inhabitants of Asia Minor may compro
mise on tents, but they are entitled to equal
treatment. Their earthquakes are entitled to
as much consideration as was given to those
in Martinique, Jamaica and Sicily.
Then, too, the Philippines! What’s the
matter with their earthquakes? Ain’t they as
good as the shakes which the West Indian
niggers had?
Coal up, Hon. Navj, and go down and build
500 houses for our expensive pupils, the Fili
pinos. *
Apparently, we have chained ourselves to a
policy which will keep our navy pretty busy
at the Carpenter’s trade. Between dishing out
ration’s, clothing, medicine and lumber, “and
sich;” our esteemed naval establishment be
gins to resemble a segment of Maud Balling
ton Booth’s Salvation Army.
How are they going to select the happy 500
dagoes to whom the 500 houses are to be giv
en? Don’t know. They’ll make the jealous
dagoes draw straws, perhaps. Or, spit at a
mark; or see how who can sit down the hard
est, or something of that sort.
But this thing of rushing our public funds
to foreign countries to feed, clothe and build
houses for destitute aliens, seems to us noth
ing more than charity run mad. Where does
the President or Congress get the authority to
take from our taxes SBOO,OOO to send to the
Italian poor ? Where does your Government
get the legal right to build, at your expense,
500 houses for Sicilian dagoes?
No such authority was ever given our Fed
eral Government. And nowhere else does the
Government cut up such antics. The French
Government has not given a franc to the Italian
sufferers, nor has the Government of Great
Britain given a penny, nor that of Italy a flor
in. European individuals, churches, societies,
etc., have contributed most liberally, but the
European governments have -not contributed
anything. Why? Because they recognize that
governments were not instituted for that pur
pose.
In this country, charitable institutions, so
cieties and individuals were prompt and gen
erous in their gifts to the survivors of the
earthquakes; consequently, there was no ex
cuse whatever, for the lawless proceedings of
the President and the Congress.
To vote away so much of our money, leaving
the» homeless and suffering thousands of our
own land without relief, was a sin and a shame.
The latest reports give 200,000 as the whole
number of the destitute in Sicily and Cala
bria.
We have ten times that many people in
these United States, who are, right now, in
need of houses, food, clothing and fuel.
n m m
Fairbanks and the Miracle.
At the behest of the Wall Street interests,
Charles Warren Fairbanks was given second
place on the Roosevelt ticket, and thus it hap
pened that at one end of the Pennsylvania
Avenue we had a President who was making
motions like a trust-buster, while at the other
end we had a Vice-President who “fixed” Sen
atorial Committees in such away that no trust
could be busted. The bloated beneficiaries of
Special Privilege have never had better Con
gressional protection than they have enjoyed
during the last few years, and they owe this
mainly to Speaker Cannon and Vice-President
Fairbanks. One of these corporation tools
managed the House and the other the Senate.
Mr. Fairbanks is fond of parading himself
before the public, and loves to hear himself
talk. Recently he made an address to the
Washington City negroes. These pampered
and privileged creatures have been given so
much taffy, and been puffed up on so many
flattering falsehoods, that it was not easy for
Fairbanks to surpass what preceding speakers
had, already said. Lecturers have heretofore
gone no farther than to tell the Washington
coons and coonesses that Hannibal and Cleo
patra were negroes, and that Sappho was a
mulatto, and that the remains of Semitic civi
lization in Ethiopia were proof of the ancient
grandeur of the forefathers of Cuffee, Phoebe,
Uncle Remus and Aunt Dilsy.
This was certainly “going some,” but an ad
vertisement in one of the negro papers leaps
forward joyfully and proclaims that “Christ
was part negro.” Which part, the paper didn’t
say.
But Charles Warren Fairbanks was equal to
the occasion; and he not only told the Wash
ington coons something that,- they had not
heard before, but something which was, in it
self, most ipteresting and complimentary.
Our lank and elongated Vice-P. informed
the assembled darkies of the Nation’s Capital
that the progress of the negro during the last
fifty years IS THE MIRACLE OF THE
CENTURIES.”
O how happy those swell coons of Wash
ington must have been, when they heard our
lengthy Vice-P. say that!
Negro progress the miracle of the ages! The
white man. who says that is either a hypocrite
or an ignoramus,—and Fairbanks is not an ig
noramus. But the negroes hold the balance of
power in the of Indiana and Fairbanks
will be heard of next as candidate for the U. S.
Senate in that state —hence his fawning upon
the Washington negroes. The astute and un
scrupulous Fairbanks knows that negro or
ganizations, in all states, get their 4< tip” from
the lordly coons who revel in official patronage
in Washington City.
The Liberia negroes are at this time urging
our Government to come to the relief of that
disappointing colony. Thus we have a strik
ing commentary upon the Fairbanks speech.
These African visitors declare that Liberia
cannot protect herself from the wild, native
negro tribes, and that the colony itself is in a
state of wretchedness and decay. The United
States, therefore, are asked to take charge of
Liberia and run things. That is what England
does for the negroes of Jamaica; what France
does for the negroes of Martinique; and what
we do for the negroes of Hayti.
To Liberia was sent the best negroes that
could be persuaded to go. They went away
from here as well educated’ as are the Afro-
Americans of today. They were sure that they
could maintain the civilisation which they had
caught from us.
Had they remained here, they would have
done so. We would have spurred them on,
held them up, maintained their schools, jailed
their thieves, lynched their ravishers, and com
pelled them to continue to imitate what they
saw around them.
But in Liberia, there were no whites to force
the negro onward; nobody to rule the land
for him; nobody to punish his crimes; nobody
to perpetually show him how to do.
He was left to his own resources, in the sav
age home of his race, and therefore he has
steadily lost what he got from us. He has
sunk lower and lower, until the vast ocean of
native negro barbarism is about to swallow
him up.
What such men as Fairbanks refuse to see,
is that the relation between the white man and
the negro in this country, is that of original
and copy, of creative composition and plagiar
ism.
Thousands of painters can copy the master
pieces of Sir Joshua Reynolds, of Titian, of
Raphael, so faithfully that the casual observer
will not detect the difference. But who would
think of comparing the copyists to the mas
ters? So in music, in architecture, in all the
arts and sciences, in commerce, in agriculture,
in every profession and industry. We orig
inated all: the negro had the same chance, and
originated nothing.
(Continued on Page Twelve)
PAGE NINE