\ oti dont? Well then, Bro. Cofer's bad man
Will tell you.
We quote the book, “Mission Economics,”
by Rev; C. H. Carpenter; Prior to 1863 the
salary paid to the male missionary Was S6OO
pet year, With SBO additional of each minor
child of his family; Besides, his medical bills
and expense of travel for health were defrayed
by the Board;
til 1863 the salary was raised to sßoo', for the
flfst three years and to si,ooo for succeeding
years,—cutting off the extras for children.
Iri 1884 the salary and allowances had risen
to as high as $1,140 for male missionaries and
about half that for women workers. Generally,
the Missionary Union furnishes a house, or
pays the rent for the missionary.
The salaries now being paid are greater than
in 1884.
Remembering that the cost of living in the
United States is about three times as much
as it is in the East, we would say that the
salary paid to a foreign missionary is equiva
lent to at least $3,000 per year in America.
s3»s°o would be nearer the mark;
Keep these facts in mind and you will enjoy
as we did the following refreshing items of
news in “The Foreign Mission journal,’’ which
was sent to Us, as aforesaid:
“ReV; R; E. Chambers and wife are at home
from Canton, China, for a season.’’
That’s the clerical way of saying that Rev.
R- E. C. has come home for his summer vaca
tion. The salary of Brother R. E. C. won’t
get any vacation. Twill run right along
without a break.
But again,—as the preachers say:
“Miss Lula Whilden has come home from
Canton, China, on furlough.”
“Furlough,” in this instance, means that
Sister Lula has left the heathen to scuffle for
himself awhile; she is off on her vacation.
But again:
“Rev. J. N. McCollum and family have re
turned to this, country from Japan. Bro. Mc-
Collum is in poor health and it is hoped that
a rest in the home land will result in his
restoration.”
We hope so, too. It would be rough on Bro.
Mac if he could not, after “a rest in the home
land,” go back to Japan and rake in that salary,
—which takes no rest.
On page 332 of the Journal we find another
refreshing bit of news. Sister C. G. McDaniel
writes in glowing terms of “Our New Church”
in Soochow, China.
Mrs. McDaniel says:
“We dedicated our new church on yesterday.
We think it is beautiful, and I believe you
would think so, too. I enclose you a snapshot,
showing as much of the front of- the church
as we have been able to get on account of the
narrowness of the street.
“The church is made of the small Chinese
brick and plastered in a cream colored finish
within and without. The front is adorned by
eight columns, three feet in diameter at the
base and slightly tapering towards the plain
capital. Surmounting the columns is an en
tablature, on the lower face of which are eight
wreaths; on the space above six leading Scrip
ture truths, written in Chinese and covered
with gold, shine out upon all passers-by who
will lift their eyes to look upon them.
“The building is nearly square, three pairs
of double doors give easy entrance to the in
side. Six round-topped windows in each side
and two on either side of the semi-circled
rostrum admit a soft light through small
ground glass windowpanes. There is provision
for six electrical chandaliers when we shall be
able to put in such an outfit.
“There is easy seating capacity for six hun
dred people in comfortable Japanese oak pews.”
Mrs. McDaniel declares that our new Soo
chow church is the finest in that great city.
Evidently. What isn’t so evident is the wis
dom of squandering our money in thijr way
on the Chinese, when there are so many thou
sands of place? here at home where the church
Jeffersonian
accommodations are so insufficient and so in
ferior.
To make this extravagance the more inex
cusable, it appears from the letter of Sister
McDaniel that they actually tore down a brick
church, which the Presbyterians had built, to
make place for this magnificent, gold-embossed
temple 1
Yet the original source of the money that
paid for it, and of the funds that will supply
all that is lacking, was, to a large extent,
squeezed out of the lean purses of the congre
gations of otir small, uncomfortable wooden
churches.
The Journal must be sure to keep us
whooped up. We are gradually bedbming as
wild about the heathen as the Yankees are
about the niggers.
n k m
Hello! 'Brother Cofer!!!
In a late number of the entertaining and
instructive Wesleyan Christian Advocate,
three pages were monopolized by an assault
on “this man” Watson. The headline of this
lengthy editorial was,
“Is it persistent ignorance or willful mis
representation? 0
The reference was to Watson’s statement
that our home folks ate being burdened, by
the fanatics of Foreign Missions, with the
expense of giving literary education to heathen
children. Brother Cofer was not quite certain
in his mind whether this statement of said
Watson was due to persistent ignorance or to
the meanness which indulges in willful mis
representation; but he was sure it was one or
the other.
With righteous wrath, Brother Cofer denied
the allegation and defied the allegator. Spe
cifically, positively, sweepingly and indignant
ly Brother Cofer declared that it was not true
that Our Church furnished “free tuition.”
Brother Cofer further said, “the headquarters
of our Board of Missions are in Nashville,
Tenn. Within twenty-four hours Mr. Watson
could have gotten the facts concerning our
work if he had wished to be accurate and just."
Well, Mr. Watson does desire, in all cases,
to be accurate and just. He had thought that
when he cited as his authority two books, pub
lished by preachers who had spent from thirty
five to fifty years of their lives in the foreign
field, he was offering competent testimony.
Watson was surprised to have his witnesses
ignored and their evidence ruled out.
“Go to our Board of Missions, at Nashville
and get the facts!” cried Mr. Cofer. Well, we
went. “This man” Watson is an accommo
dating soul; and when parsons, and others, tell
him where he can learn things, he straightway
hits the grit and makes a bee line for that
place.
As the late Farson C. A. Norton would say,
“There now lies before me, on my desk,” the
proof of what I said and. Cofer denied, —for I
applied for and obtained the last “Report of
the Board of Missions of the M. E. Church,
South.”
This official document leaves The Wesleyan
Christian Advocate in the laughable fix of not
knowing “the facts concerning our work.”
which its editors, Cofer and Lovett, “could
have gotten in twenty-four hours,” if they
“had wished to be accurate and just.”
On page fifty of the Report, is found a state
ment from Rev. W. G. Cram concerning the
Korean Mission. Speaking of the Educational
Work, he says:
“It was thought wise to make the students
pay the nominal monthly tuition of ten sen,
(five cents) which most of the schools in
Songdo charge their pupils. The parents of
some of the boys contributed yen 98 in the
beginning of the fall term to get benches,
desks, coal, stove, etc., for the school. During
the spring term the tuition collected amounted
to only yen 20.60, ($10) owing to the fact that
many of the boys were unable to pay, whije
.some were unwilling to pay, even that modest
sum. We decided to use the twenty yen as
remuneration for the service of the two student
tutors.” (A yen is, in our coin, about 49 cents:
1 sen is, therefore, about half-a-cent. Five
cents per month for tuition ! Ten dollars to
cover the whole spring term!)
There were more than a hundred boys in the
school, and the teachers were Mr. Cram, Mrs.
Wasson, Mr. Wasson, three Korean teachers
and two student tutors. Not only did the
Home Church of America have to pay the
salaries of these six regular teachers, and sup
ply the books, etc., but Mr. Cram reports that
eight of these Korean students had to be
furnished with BOARD, in whole or in part.
Page 53; Referring to the Union Inter
mediate School, Mr. C. G. Hounshell reports
ninety students, of whom eleven are boarded
at the expense of the Methodist Church.
Page 71: Palmore Institute: Number of
students enrolled about 500. The Principal
of the school says that “very few of the great
number of pupils that come to us are Chris
tians. ’ The receipts are given as $706, where
as the total expense of the school foots up
$2,000.
Tn fact, it elsewhere appears in the Report
that the Japs contribute only $3,927, to help
the Methodists sustain fifteen school buildings,
thirteen church buildings, six parsonages,
twenty-three missionaries, fourteen native
workers, twenty-four local preachers, sixty-two
Sunday schools, three boarding schools, seven
day schools, forty-eight teachers, and one
thousand eight hundred and twelve pupils.
If none of tile money contributed by. the
Japs was spent on buildings and none on
native and foreign preachers, and all of it ap
propriated to the expense of the schools, the
1,812 little brown children of Japan would be
getting a thorough secular eduation at the
nominal cost of about two dollars and twenty
cents per year, each.
If the whole of the Japanese contribution
to the Methodist Church, —“contributed for all
purposes”—were used for the pay of the forty
eight schooLteachers, each of these teachers
would enjoy a salary of not quite eighty-six
dollars per annum!
Good people everywhere will be edified to
learn that in Japan and as a part of the educa
tional work, the foreign missionaries have a
Tennyson class which meets once a week, and
a Shakespeare class which gets itself togethei
as often. Miss M. Virginia Garner, who tells
us about ithis, (p. 71, Report) says that
“through the study of Tennyson’s religious
teaching they (the Japs) become deeply in
terested tn the study of the Bible.”
Well, well. WELL! To think of Shake
speare and Tennyson as gang-planks from
paganism to Christianity! Do the missionaries
expurgate the great dramatist, or do they allow
the heathen to roam and range amid the heats
of “Venus and Adonis,” “Troilus and Cres
sida,” and “The Merry Wives of Windsor”?
Let us take the Laurens Institute, one of the
schools in the Mexican field. Prof. F. C.
Campbell. Director, reports the recent comple
tion of an enlargement of the building at a
cost of $24,390. The home-land furnished
the money. The Professor .says, “While hold
ing rigidly to our policy NOT to exclude any
worthy pupil on account of INABILITY TO
PAY, we have pm forth every effort to make
the school more nearly self-supporting THAN
HERETOFORE.” C urious to know how
close they came to making the Laurens Insti
tute self-supporting, after they had “put forth
every effort” to that end, we looked it up in
the Report, and we find that $2,750 was the
amount which, “Our Board of Missions” ap
propriated to this Mexican college for the year
1908-09. If it hits the brethren for that amount
when it is more nearly self-supporting than
heretofore, what an elephant it must formerly
have bee..
Reporting on the Granbery College, Brazil,
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE