PAGE FOUR
STATE SOLVES CONVICT PROBLEM
BUILDING ROADS.
(Continued from Page One.)
not carry arms of any sort —and for a very
good reason.
1 ‘lf they wanted to start anything we would
be simply furnishing them with weapons/'
one of the officers remarked.
One officer stands guard at night, and he
is armed with a double-barreled shotgun,
carrying buckshot, but during the day they
are all unarmed.
The eamp consists of the officers’ tent
mentioned; a huge, elongated tent used for
a dining hall; a tent for cooking purposes;
three great tents used as sleeping quarters
for the convicts.; another vast tent used
for stabling the livestock; the headquarters
tent, and several smaller tents for various
purposes.
The camp has seventeen head of livestock,
including mules and horses, used on the plows,
slips and wagons.
The sleeping quarters are models of cleanli
ness. Twenty-four men are assigned to each
of the three tents. Double decked bunks are
used, and each one is provided with heavy
blankets. Captain Willey makes frequent
inspections of the sleeping quarters to see that
sanitary conditions are maintained.
In one small tent is the barber shop and
bath tub. The proximity to the small stream
furnishes an abundance of water for bathing,
while that used for drinking is hauled from
Starkville. Captain Willey bad a big tin tank
made in Trinidad and he has this so arranged
that a. fire can be built under it, and hot water
is always on hand for bathing.
There is a tent for the cobbler and the
tailor, who mend all the shoes and clothing,
and there is also a blacksmith shop not yet
roofed over.
Banker Hill Is in Charge Os the Records.
The tents are all of the finest quality of
canvas brand-new, and many of them are
floored. Captain Willey’s tent, used as a
headquarters, or administration “building,”
is also a sort of store, where supplies are
issued. Here the camp records are kept, and
we find in charge of them none other than
James A. Hill, the so-called Denver Savings
bank wrecker, partner of Leonard Imboden,
■who is not in the camp. Hill is perhaps the
most noted prisoner in the camp. He is look
ing somewhat older than during his Denver
days, but has lost nothing in flesh.
Captain. Willey declares that the former
banker is one of hie most efficient aides in the
camp.
It must be remembered, of course, that all
the prisoners are considered trusties, which
accounts for the liberties they are given, and
yet some of them have long sentences to serve.
There is but one “lifer* ’ in the camp—John
Duran, a Mexican, and, strange to say, this
is his home. He was sentenced many years
ago from Trinidad for complicity in the
famous Green murders, for which several of
his companions were hanged.
Hill is also a sort of acting physician and
surgeon for the camp, preseribuag for the men
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
in minor ailments. A serious case, of course,
would be turned over to a regular physician
from Trinidad. Hill always addressed as
“Jim” by Willey, is very popular with the
other convicts.
Every move that Willey has made in
arranging the camp has been with a view to
economy. He has fitted up a fine dugout
where the meat is kept, and it answers the
purpose of an ice house. A good deal of both
fresh and salt meat is used.
Men Are Well Fed; Expense Is Not Great.
Willey estimates the cost of maintenance
per man at eighteen cents per day, and they
are fed three times a day. They are fed very
well, too. Stratton and I took dinner today
in the big dining tent and the rations given
the men are wholesome and well eooked.
The officers have a separate table in the
tent where the convicts oat. The men ate
summoned to meals by a big bell. The road
work is about a mile from the camp, and the
men go to and from work by gangs, no
particular formation being required. On
reaching the camp, however, they are all lined
up and counted. There is no rule against
talking among themselves, either at the table
or at any other time during the day. They
are perfectly free to discuss anything that
they care to.
The only distinguishing mark about the
convicts’ clothing is the shirts, all made from
the same striped material. The convict’s num
ber is stamped on the right breast, but it is
not particularly noticeable. Most of them were
overalls, and any kind of hat they happen to
possess. Few of them have their hair cropped
close, and those who care to, retain their
mustaches and beards.
In the dining hall the men eat at long tables
and the entire camp can be fed at the same
time. Long boards have been arranged for
seats. The tableware is largely tin, and the
food is passed about by convicts detailed as
waiters. There is not the slightest confusion
during a meal, the men talking among them
selves while they are eating, but with modu
lated voices.
Discipline Is Maintained; Eight-Hour Day.
The camp rules for Camp Cleghorn, as it is
called in honor of the state warden, give a
good idea of the discipline required. It will be
noted that eight hours constitutes a day’s
work. The rules follow:
Breakfast bell rings at 6:30 o’clock.
Dinner bell rings at 12 o’clock (noon.)
Supper bell rings at 6 o’clock p. m.
Eight hours (on the work) to -constitute
a day’s labor.
Men must go to bed promptly when 9
o’clock bell rings, except Saturday, one hour
later (10 o’clock).
No man allowed to change bunks without
permission from the captain.
No man allowed to go in tailor shop or
shoe shop without a pass.
Every man must draw his clothes, get his
bath and shave at least once a week.
No one will be allowed in the barber shop,
tailor shop or shoe shop, except as above
provided.
Permission for hair cutting must be ob
tained from the captain.
No one, except employes, will be allowed
in kitchen tent without permission.
Absolute quiet is demanded in sleeping
quarters after retiring bell rings.
Purchases may be made on Friday of each
week.
All men will be allowed to write once each
week.
Writing material and tobacco will be
issued every Sunday morning immediately
after breakfast.
No one will be allo-wed to talk with citi
zens without permission,
An average breakfast will consist of pota
toes, meat, bread, onions, or other vegetables,
coffee and molasses. For dinner the .eonviets
may have meat, maearoni, baked with toma
toes, and /some sort of dessert like bread pud
ding. Supper may consist of rice, bread, milk,
molasses and tea, but these menus are fre-
varied.
Amusements Are Allowed to All in the Camp.
The convicts have numerous lines of amuse
ment. Some of them own and are able to play
musical instruments. They are allowed to
play cards. Some spend their time pitching
quoits, and they have even laid off a diamond
and are playing ball every day.
Captain Willey has a statement of the
money credited to each convict at the pen
itentiary, and they are allowed to make
purchases of tobacco and the like at in
tervals. Tobacco is also issued them if they
are penniless. They may write letters once
a week, subject to the same conditions which
govern at the penitentiary.
The camp has certainly been a great boon
for some of the prisoners. Many of them
were in delicate health when they first arrived.
One boy was so lame with rheumatism that
he could hardly walk. He is now used for*
camp service and is getting well rapidly.
The tailor is a cripple, and so is the barber,
and it will be seen that the camp affords em
ployment for all this class of prisoners.
The work is not hard under the humane
conditions which govern the routine. Con
siderable blasting is being done, but this is
the only element of danger. A man who says
he is not able to work because of illness is
allowed to remain in camp: I heard Captain
Willey order several men not to go out with
their gangs because of illness or injuries.
The road as surveyed by Mark Danforth, of
this county, will follow what is known as the
old Ute trail. It is a tremendously important
project, not only to this part of the state,
but to Colorado at large, if it is finally com
pleted.
As I have stated, the greatest fear of
the convicts here seems to be that the state will
stop the work and that they will have to re
turn to Canon City, I was talking with one
prisoner, perhaps the most noted of those who
came from Denver, outside of J. A. Hill —
none other than Clyde Cassidente, a former
ward politician and justice of the peace, who
is serving time for an alleged assualt upon a
young girl in Denver, and -he said that he