PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLAN
All the railroads between Chicago and the
Pacific are threatened with a firemen’s strike
which, if carried out, will
A Great
Railway
Strike
Probable.
refusal of the firemen’s demands, but to a re
fusal on the part of the railroads concerned
to meet with the representatives of the Broth
erhood of Locomotive Firemen and Engine
men and discuss these points of controversy.
Tn Georgia last summer we experienced the
discomfort that can be caused by a strike on a
strip of railroad only about two hundred miles
long, and the result of a tie-up of the great
trans-Atlantic lines may be imagined. It is a
serious thing and we trust that ere the week
has passed the managers of the roads will
have seen the imperative necessity of taking
a sane and reasonable view of the difficulty,
which is simply industrial and about which
men should confer. The refusal of railroads,
traction companies and big manufacturing
concerns to realize that labor questions have
two sides, and that they are not creatures of
any divine right to rule as autocrats has
brought about the present condition in Phil
adelphia. and the threatening aspect of the
entire industrial world.
The Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen
has a membership composed of men who
know just what it means to the public if
schedules are disarranged, and who realize
fully what it would be if passenger and
freight cars did not move. Business would
suffer, foodstuffs would increase in price,
loved ones could not even respond to the call
tb come to the bedside of the sick or the dy
ing. These men do not fail to consider the
interests of the “great third party”. Their
hours are long and hard; their responsibili
ties those of life and death, their lives are
shortened by loss of sleep, exposure, lack of
the Sunday rest. It wbuld therefore seem
that when they have been patient so long, and
have put the question of arbitration squarely
up to the managers that they, and not the
railroad men, will be to blame if the strike be
not happily averted.
Dr. K. G. Matheson, of the Georgia School
of Technology, is a good man and an able
Matheson’s
Mistake.
that its President must pay Rockefeller an
ambassadorial visit to give thanks.
Tn order to obtain the $25,000 gift from
Rockefeller. Georgians will have to raise an
other $25,000. As our State hasn't more
than a hundred plutocrats per square mile,
these other si mol eons will be supplied from
the plain, but patriotic citizen, who wants
the Tech to succeed. By a little more effort,
the $50,000 could come from just a few more
of these homefolks and the Tech be un
smirched by gifts from a source that can not
but make us blush.
The use to which this money will be put is
stated to be to construct a Y. M. C. A. build
ing of three stories, which will have an “as
sembly hall, gymnasium, pool, lunch room
and dormitories, besides a students’ club,
with all the necessary equipment thereto.
“When completed, the Y. M. C. A. will
offer to the students a most attractive place
both for study and recreation, as well as a
home and .... this promises to counteract
the distraction of living near a large city.”
Ft sounds very nice, indeed, but proper dis
cipline at the Tech ought to bo able to coun-
amount to absolutely paralyz
ing the service west of the Mis
sissippi. As usual, the difficul
ty has been prolonged, and the
present tension results not from
teacher, but it does not speak
well that a State institution
should be so grateful a recipi
ent of Standard Oil monev
3effer«onian
teract the aforesaid “distraction ’, and if the
youth of Georgia are to be taught to revere
a man who has been one of the greatest ras
cals of his time, their education will be of
little worth. Dr. Matheson did a good piece
of “business” when he successfully begged
money from that vile old hypocrite; but the
people of Georgia would do themselves honor
by repudiating the transaction utterly, and
giving to posterity the proud heritage of
moral backbone.
The South was overwhelmed, not conquer
ed, in the Civil War. When it grovels at the
feet of dirty Yankee money, it has met its
Waterloo.
The “revolution” in Nicaragua has ended,
at least for the present. Mr. Knox’s game
was too open and the true in-
Peace
Coming to
Nicaragua.
•' I •
happy consummation. Hereafter, if any dis
interested South American people rebel
against the oppression of a dictator, they
should have moral support, or intervention
in the right manner, to give them relief from
ills that press upon them with undue heavi
ness; but games of fomenting insurrections
merely in order to exchange a President, who
is attempting to guard his country from for
eign domination, for one who will crook the
knee to the interests that prey upon it, have
been too frequent to be borne with toleration.
American capital must learn to make its for
eign investments subject to the laws of the
country it chooses as a field of operation, and
not with the idea that United States gunboats
are to be used to further schemes in contra
vention of such laws. There was never any
hope of successful conclusion for the so-called
revolutionists except in “pacification” by the
United States, winked at by Mexico. Mexico
didn’t care to give the wink, Mr. Knox
couldn’t well push the matter, and, left to
their own resources, the insurgents went to
pieces. Not. however, without murdering and
being murdered to the number of several
thousand men who had no grounds for en
mity against each other, and causing unnec
essary woe to fall upon the little country.
Mr. Zelaya has been fully vindicated, so far
as present indications go, and it will require
more proof than this highly artificial insur
rection has furnished that he was the dictator
and brigand Mr. Knox and others were anx
ious to make him out.
Oh. dear! Ts there now to be another “in
vestigation" added to the long list of personal
record probing that at present
Jeff, of
Arkansas,
in Trouble.
for whitewashing honors ap
pears to be Senator Jeff Davis, of Arkansas,
the hitherto unwashed, unterrified and unsi
lenced perpetual machine gun which has been
guaranteed to fire pyrotechnical oratory in
seventeen different directions at once. He is
charged with accepting fees for some of this
matchless rhetorical shots, having particular
reference to securing to some private citizens
of his State rights to certain tracts of swamp
land there, or rather, he is said to have let it
slip in committee that if he secured those
rights, he would receive the reward due a
faithful servant for his success. Realizing
a bit too late that these things are to be un
derstood. but not admitted, between gentle
men of the committees, he tried to have the
record of his indiscretion expunged from the
proceedings, without success.
wardness of handing over the
government to unscrupulous
foreign investors became evi
dent too early to permit the
consumes nine-tenths of the
time of all our deliberative
bodies? The latest aspirant
Whether the Senator is guilty or not is a
matter for proof, not opinion, but if this thing
of graft charges keeps up at the rate it has
been going on of late, a Court of High Laun
dry will be needed to keep tabs upon the va
rious officials, in order that the main body
should have a fraction of time left in which
to do something other than wash the dirty
linen of our Great Ones.
Mme. Paladino, another world-famous
“spiritualist” whose exploits puzzled some of
Same Old
Humbug.
tainecl cabinet, the dark room, the mysterious
rappings and knockings, etc. Tn addition to
this, wierd zephyrs blew about her as she
moved and came apparently from her hair.
It was very simple, after all. Her mus
cles were powerful and wondrously flexible,
and by the crude, but shrewd device of put
ting her feet on the feet of investigators, then
slipping her feet out of the heavy shoes and
playing tunes and doing other tricks with her
toes, she succeeded in baffling some of the
most skeptical. She could likewise manipu
late a bellows, with rubber tubing leading to
any point from which she desired a draft to
appear, so as to produce the cold and awe
inspiring current. Tt is sad, indeed, that
such charlatans periodically grip the confi
dence of those whose pathetic search for a
message from loved ones gone before loads
them to congregate around frauds whose pal
pability should be certain so soon as dark
ness is necessary for their work and whose
“proofs” consist of tilting tables and rattling
chairs, or giving illiterate spirit letters from
those who, in life, knew how to spell. But
the marvelous medium never fails to have
his or her little day, no matter how often
such methods are exposed.
An agitation is becoming rather wide
spread for the Government to purchase
homes in the various couli-
Mansions
For Our
Most
Fragile
Ornaments.
these posts, and that the difference between
the moderately well-to-do official and his
wealthier predecessor creates embarrassment
to the former that could be eliminated to a
great extent by acquiring one home that
would serve each in turn.
All of which is piffle. The honor of being
an Ambassador to a foreign court will con
tinue to be dealt out as pie with the chances
in favor of the slice going to that friend-of
the-Party which could help it in its hour of
campaign extremity with a large wad. <• If
the homes were purchased, that would not al
ter in the least the right of the richer man to
set a social pace his poorer successor couldn’t
afford, and the next issue would be to vote
money for the purpose of entertaining roy
alty, racing horses or breaking the bank at
Monte Carlo. What actual services does an
Ambassador render, anyhow, to justify the
continuance of the ancient custom of sending
him forth ? They must be far too subtle for
the average mind to grasp. So long as he
doesn’t do any particular harm, and doesn’t
cause more than a comparatively nominal ex
pense he may as well be tolerated—the money
would go for something just as superfluous,
anyhow. But to increase the cost of the of
fices sit this juncture is a suggestion that
gives one the Willies.
the greatest savants of our time,
has, like all the rest, been dis
covered guilty of deliberate
fraud. There was the usual Cut-
tries for its Ambassadors, the
argument being used that the
expense of maintaining prop
er standing at foreign courts
makes it almost imperative
that rich men be selected for