How He Got Rid
of Consumption
Remarkable Rescue of Prominent In
diana Man. A Matter of Life-and-
Death Interest to All Throat
and Lung Sufferers
For Benefit of Jeffersonian Readers, He
Tells How He Cured Himself at
Home—Costs Nothing to Try.
I think I owe it to all sufferers of
lung 1 and throat trouble and consump
tion to tell them some mighty good
news, a sure way to cure themselves
right at home with little trouble,” said
E. S. Stroh, of Angola, Ind., yesterday,
as .he passed through.
“Coming from me, probably, some
people might doubt this, but let me tell
you,” he said, as his 66-year-old face
flushed with a resurrected, youthful
smile, “over two years ago I was a
weazened-up wreck, a consumptive at
63. Three lung specialists passed me
up. Every day I would cough up about
a pint. I had chills and fever every
afternoon. I could hardly eat, even the
plainest food, coughed nearly all night,
and was down to 137 pounds when I
hit on the cure. Well, you see me now.
I weigh 166 pounds, frisky as a boy at
66, can do a big day’s work, and eat
like a prince.
"Now I am not trying to boost any
body, but I must give credit where
credit is due. Dr. J. Lawrence Hill,
499 Hill Building, Jackson, Mich., the
well known lung specialist of America
and probably so far the only success
ful one, cured me. That was two years
ago. I have just had my lungs ex
amined again and there is no trace of
consumption nor danger of its return
ing. Dr. Hill makes a specialty of
treating throat and lung sufferers at a
distance who have not the means of
visiting his office personally. That’s
the way he cured me, and I know of
many others who had one foot in the
grave almost, brought back to life by
what he calls his Rational Treatment.
It certainly is a wonder.
“I wish every reader of your papet
who has weak lungs, catarrh of the
bronchial tubes or catarrh in any form,
chronic bronchitis, asthma, chronic
hacking cough, loss of flesh, night
sweats, hemorrhages, soreness or pain
in the chest or under the shoulder
blades or any other deadly symptom of
consumption, to send to Dr. Hill for his
trial package. This treatment checks
at once further progress of the dis
ease, develops atrophied cell tissues
and brings on new resisting power, ap
petite, flesh and good health.” Fill out
Trial Treatment Package Coupon
Dr. J. Lawrence Hill,
495? Hill Bldg., Jackson, Mich.
I am suffering from throat and
lung trouble, so please send me your
large trial package in plain, sealed
wrapper, that I may try it and see
for myself if it will do what you
claim it will. I enclose 20c to help
pay for packing, etc., and as an evi
dence that I am not sending for the
trial package out of idle curiosity.
Name
Address
SHINGLES
Sold direct from Mill
to Consumer
d. T. Elf ANS - Camilla, Ga.
THE MUSICAL HIT OF THE
SEASON
THE CHAMPIONS
(March)
Composed by
MISS LOUISE DuBOSE
Athens, Ga.
Dedicated to the University of
Georgia ’OB Baseball Team.
Price Twenty-Five Cents
All lovers of catchy music will
find “The Champions’’ full of vim
and snap. It is now being played
by the leading orchestras and
bands throughout the United
States, Great Britain and France.
On sale at all leading music
stores. If your dealer cannot sup
ply, will be sent postpaid on re
ceipt of 25 cents.
MISS LOUISE DuBOSE,
Prince Avenue, Athens, Ga.
you once think about it, would it
not be grossly unjust to allow the
farmer to keep for himself the whole
of his crop? Must he not pay for
the use of the necessaries which en
abled him to produce? Does not
Equity say, “Give the farmer the
overplus, after allowing for the rea
sonable value of the utensils, the
supplies and the money that he had
the benefit of in making his cotton
and wheat?”
You are bound to answer, “Yes”.
Well, the utensils, the various sup
plies and the money are “capital”,
Mr. Raoul. Under our intricate and
complicated modern system, capital
is indispensable to production. In
discriminate ranting against “capi
tal” and “capitalism” is sheer ab
surdity.
Os course, I grant you that where
a naked man, assisted by a naked
wife and naked children, rake a
piece of fertile waste with a crooked
stick, and grow bananas or rice, or
grain, these naked people ought to
have the whole crop. And they get
it. Nobody begrudges it to them. In
various parts of the world, that prim
itive system is in full blast. But as
Mr. Raoul well knows, people who
live under those conditions are al
most on a level with the brutes —in
manners, in morals, and in estate.
The very first step in civilization is
taken when society, wearied of col
lectivism says, to the individual, “If
you will take that bit of waste and
create a garden out of it by your
toil, the garden shall be yours”.
Men are too selfish to create gar
dens for other people, Mr. Raoul.
That which you wrest from the for
est, or the swamp, or the mountain
side, or the heath, and laboriously
make a farm of, you want for your
self, Mr. Raoul. And you want it to
pass on to your child, after your
death.
A deeper passion is not found in
normal souls than this, save one
only: that which arouses itself tiger
ishly in every true man and says,
"This is my woman, my soul-mate, —
and no other man shall touch her
without peril to his life”.
True men may be polygamous,—
and generally are, after some fash
ion or other, but no true man ever
favored promiscuity. And to that,
Socialism tends, Mr. Raoul. Read
that book of your great German apos
tle: his premises being granted, his
conclusions are correct. And your
apostle leads you straight to the un
restrained indulgence of sexual ap
petite,—to hell, in fact.)
(9) I wish to take issue with you
as to Arthur Brisbane, of Hearst
fame, being a Socialist. I do not
speak with authority, but am reason
ably certain that he is not a member
of the Socialist party, and have re
peatedly seen him condemned in the
Socialist press.
(Answer: Arthur Brisbane him
self informed me that he is a So
cialist. His father, Albert Brisbane,
was a pioneer American Socialist
who used to pay high prices to get
his “stuff” published in the New
York newspapers. The son now
earns SIOO,OOO a year, and during
the course of a twelve-month, man
ages to mix in a goodly quantity of
Socialism with his milder preach
ment. He is doing more to break
down Special Privilege than all the
other American Socialists put togeth
er; but they revile him and delicate-
Gbe 3effe.rsonian
THE ISSUE
EX-GOVERNOR JAMES K. VARDAMAN’S
PAPER FOR THE SOUTH
Published Every Saturday Morning at Jackson. Mississippi.
Vardaman was abused at first: he was called an agitator, an
alarmist, a firebrand; but at last the sober second thought of
the people began to waken and they began to listen. Today
what he has to say on the race problem, is the word of the su
preme authority. Combining all the knowledge of writers on
this question, from dawn of history to the present time, ap
plied and measured by personal observation and first-hand
knowledge, Governor Vardaman has a message to deliver of
huge import to the American people today.
If you have not seen a copy of the ISSUE, send us your
name and address, and we will mail you one without cost.
ASK NEWSDEALERS—THEY ALL HAVE IT ON SALE
Advertisers are afforded an excellent opportunity through
the columns of the ISSUE to reach every trading patron in
the State at reasonable cost. It is a silent canvasser and is sure
to bring results. Try it! Special low’ prices given on long
time contracts. Write us about this feature.
THE ISSUE HAS TWICE THE CIRCULATION OF
ANY PUBLICATION IN MISSISSIPPI
COMBINATION OFFER
The Issue, 12 monthssl.so
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, 12 monthsl.oo
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, 12 monthsl.oo
Totals3.so
ALL FOR TWO DOLLARS
Send all remittances to THE ISSUE, JACKSON, MISS.,
or WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN, THOMSON, GA.
KNIFE FREE
F’lroto of Tiros. E. Watson
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly sub
scription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine we will mail a handsome, two-bladad knife,
with a transparent handle containing the latest photograph of the
Hon. Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of the very
finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of German silver, the lin
ings of plate brass, all beautifully finished. The photograph of Mr.
Watson is life-like; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
and leader. To get the knife you must ask for it when you send the
money—not afterwards.
THIS OFFER IS GOOD FOR THIRTY DAYS
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
This is the knife which The Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for new subscriptions or re
newals to the magazine or weekly. It’s a beauty.
PAGE FIFTEEN