I know scores of people who, through ig
norance, ten or twelve years ago, were say
ing Watson had sold out and was working
for the Republicans, who now say they
will vote for Watson for any office he might
run for. Let the good work go on.
Yours for reform,
GEO. H. KENYON.
WILL KEEP THEM COMING.
Ashford, Ala., Nov. 26, 1907.
Dear Sir: I enclose you money order for
$2, for renewal to your publications, which
expire November 29, I believe. Keep them
coming.
Your letter-carrier friend,
J. J. HICKS.
CAN’T DO WITHOUT THEM.
Greenpond, Bibb Co., Ala., Nov. 28, 1907.
Dear Sir: You will please find enclosed
P. 0. money order for sl, for which you will
please send me the Jeffersonian paper for
another year—l9oß. I think my time for your
paper will be up the sixth of December, this
year—l9o7. So keep it coming. I can’t do
without it. Please let me know when you
get this. Yours very truly,
R. E. COLLINS.
VALUES THEM HIGHLY.
Navarre, 0., Nov. 25, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find money order for
$2, for which renew my subscription for an
other year for your two Jeffersonians. I
would not like to do without them at any
price. Hoping your days of usefulness may
be many, I am, Yours truly,
JOHN WHITMORE.
R. F. D. 1.
THIS IS ENCOURAGING.
Atlanta, Ga., Nov. 12, 1907.
My Dear Mr. Watson: My subscription to
your two magazines expires with Nov. 15,
1907. With $2 of the enclosed please renew
same for another year. With the other 2
enroll the name of Mr. Jno. F. Bradley, Col
lege Park, Ga., for a year’s subscription for
the two papers.
You are waging a great fight in behalf of
humanity, yet there are so many who don’t
seem to appreciate what you are doing. But
keep fighting, for all honest men will finally
be forced to acknowledge that you are right.
Already the world has made much progress
toward the position held by you years ago.
Very sincerely,
J. M. OWEN.
82 W. Peachtree Place.
AWAY DOWN ON THE EAST COAST.
Dania, Fla., Nov. 2, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find money order for
$2, for which please send me the Weekly
Jeffersonian and the magazine for one year.
Yours truly,
J. L. WISE.
JUST GOOD ENOUGH.
Darwin, I. T., Nov. 6, 1907.
Dear Sir and Brother: I see that the Week-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ly Jeffersonian is out on the 7th inst., so I
am renewing by sending you $1 —a silver dol
lar on paper. How’s that for high; and a
Republican panic on hand “at dat”? What
next?
I can do without my coffee and tobacco,
but can’t do without the Jeffersonian. The
boll weevil and the Demo-Republican panic
has knocked the everlasting stuffing out of the
non-citizen farmers here. It is now impos
sible to get a subscriber for the Jeffersonian.
Hope this will reach you all right. Put me
down as a life subscriber on your little book.
Yours for the work,
» J. N. NANCE.
P. S. —The Watson Magatine is a hot num
ber, and she is a beauty, too. J. N. N.
FROM SOUTH CAROLINA.
North Augusta, S. C., Nov. 5, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find money order
for $1.50, for which please send your Jeffer
sonian Magazine one year to Mr. Thos. Black,
Ruffin, S. C. Yours truly,
GEO. E. FLORENCE.
LIKES CLAUDE L’ENGLE’S PAPER,
TOO.
Crawfordville, Fla., Dec. 9, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed I hand you remittance
of $3, for which you will please enter my
name on your subscription list for both your
weekly paper and magazine. I do not want
to be without Tom Watson’s and Claude
L’Engle’s papers.
Yours very truly,
J. M. TOWLES.
GLAD TO DO SO.
Cuthbert, Ga., Dee. 6, 1907.
Dear Sir: I enclose postal money order for
$1.50. Please extend my subscription to the
Jeffersonian till February, 1909.
Respectfully,
A. S. PERRY.
HE FEARS HIS THOUGHTS ARE TOO
WICKED.
Waxhachie, Tex., Nov. 20, 1907.
Dear Friend and Brother: Find enclosed
express money order for $1.50 to pay my sub
scription to your Monthly Jeffersonian an
other year. I just can not afford to do with
out either your Weekly or monthly. If I
miss a number of either, I am like a hungry
man missing his dinner after doing a half
day’s hard work.
Well, it seems to me like President Roose
velt will turn a deaf ear to your earnest ap
peal in behalf of the people. Yesterday was
Thanksgiving Day, and I could not thank God
for a congress which voted to turn over the
people’s money to the national banks without
interest, neither could I feel grateful to the
President for rushing to the aid of the Wall
street bankers, but thought of that banker who
killed himself because he had lost all but one
million dollars, and fear he went the sound
money road to h —. I think it would be a good
thing if about four or five thousand more
bankers would volunteer and take the same
route. Maybe my thoughts are too wicked,
but I just can’t help it.
Yours until the fight is finished and victory
crowns your efforts.
J. R. MURDOCK.
FRIEND QUISENBERY ON TIME.
Washington, Ga., Dec. 6, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find post office
order for $2.50 to renew my subscription to
your magazine and Weekly. I can not do
without them. Yours truly,
G. P. QUISENBERY.
FRIEND WINTER DOESN’T FORGET US.
Augusta, Ga., Dec. 6, 1907.
My Dear Sir: I enclose $3.50, for which
please renew my subscription to the Monthly
Magazine, which expires with December num
ber, and send the Weekly Jeffersonian one
year to following parties: Lloyd Burch, Au
gusta, Ga.; W. H. Hammond, North Augusta,
S. C., R. F. D. 1. With best wishes I am,
Very truly your friend,
L. L. WINTER.'
Gracewood, Ga.
ANOTHER GREENBACKER.
Xena, 81., Dec. 4, 1907.
Dear Sir: Here is my contribution for both
Jeffersonians (renewal for Weekly). Let the
magazine commence with this month. Am an
old greenbacker, and have been running after
Tom Watson ever since I made his acquaint
ance in congress, and will travel the same road
as long as the inducement remains the same.
Give us legal tender and plenty of it now, in
place of the rotten patch work the bankers
and the present administration are offering us.
Yours truly,
J. STONECIPHER.
R. F. D. 3, box 39.
A VETERAN GREENBACKER.
Stillwater, Okla., Dec. 2, 1907.
Dear Sir: I send you my renewal for Week
ly Jeffersonian. I am in the fight as long as
I live. lam old “76 Peter Cooper.” I can’t
be here much longer, as I am in my seventy
eighth year, so I want to read your writing
as long as I live, and I hand it out to others.
Yours truly,
C. J. COX.
MUST HAVE ’EM.
Munnerlyn, Ga., Dec. 6, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find P. O. money order
for $2. Continue the magazine for the year
1908; also Weekly Jeffersonian. I can not do
without the magazine. Yours truly,
WILSON JENKINS.
A MISSION WORKER.
Coldwater, Lincoln Co., Tenn., Dec. 23, 1907.
I am one of the old standpatters for the
last twenty years. I have never seen you, but
have stuck to you through thick and thin.
I have been doing a little mission work for
your paper. There are lots of Pops in this
neck of the woods. I will send this club and
then I will work up our little town of Fay
etteville. R. G. HAYES.
PAGE ELEVEN