THE MAN "MURDERED HIMSELF”
Will Society Now Murder the WOMAN?
Sarah a stranger in America, a
friendless girl, was betrayed by a doctor
Auspitz, who employed her as a nurse.
The girl, who is to become a mother in a
few weeks, killed the man, and said when
arrested: “The man killed himself.”
On the last column of this page the case of
Sarah Koten is discussed by Julian Haw
thorne. These that remember “The Scarlet
Letter,” written by Julius Hawthorne’s great
father, will be doubly interested in the
thoughtful writing of the son, which we pub
lish today.
With Julian Hawthorne millions of citizens
will discuss this case of the friendless girl and
the man she killed.
She told a great truth when she said that
the man “killed himself.”
She explained to the policeman that as the
man treated her so badly, killing him was
inevitable, and therefore “he killed himself.”
Her statement is true in another and broader
sense.
Dr. Auspitz killed himself because he re
moved himself from the protection of laws
built up slowly through centuries.
His crime was infinitely greater than the
crime which the friendless girl committed,
prompted by revenge and despair.
For many dark centuries humair beings were
all more or less of the Dr. Auspitz and Sarah
Koten kind. The men did all the harm they
could and women, abused, defenseless, got
revenge when they could. That condition
has gradually changed. Murder has been
abandoned and punishment by law substituted
Combats between enemies in the presence of a
judge has been abandoned and deliberate hear
ing by a jury subsituted.
Occasionally, however, the new laws are
forgotten, and the old law of violence on one
side and revenge on the other comes back.
This is such a case.
The law says to Sarah Koten, “You must
not kill,” but it also said to Dr. Auspitz,
“YOU MUST NOT DESTROY.” The man
punished aside the laws.
If his spirit could come back it would have
no just complaint to make. He truly “mur
dered himself” when he put himself outside
of the law’s protection.
This does not justify the woman, however,
and it is not intended to justify her. Tim
man she killed is not to be pitied. No man can
speak a word in his defense. No man would
wish him back alive. .
The * woman DID commit a crime—not
against the man, but against, society. She
committed a crime against law, against the
efforts of GOOD PEOPLE, the people that
are trying to do away with murder permanent
ly —both the murder that kills the body, and
the worse murder, inflicted upon her, which
kills the soul.
Sarah Koten will be made to realize by a
Judge that the law is supreme; that while
a man may give her cause and excuse for any
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
act against HIM, no man could give her an
excuse for ignoring the LAWS of the country.
But HOW will civilized society teach this
lesson to Sarah Koten?
Will it imitate Sarah Koten and murder her,
“legally?”
Probably not. We hope not.
Sarah Koten, ignorant, friendless and despe
rate, did blindly and, if you like, brutally,
the only thing that occurred to her. She
killed the man.
Society is NOT ignorant or desperate. What
will society do to Sarah Koten? What do
YOU think that society ought to do?
How much does society owe to its own
dignity, and how much does it owe TO THAT
UNBORN CHILD, THE CHILD THAT HAS
BROKEN NO LAW? Is that child always to
remember a mother that lived in prison, or
that died as a criminal in prison, killed by the
law ?
It is a very interesting, clear-cut case. We
are inclined to think that it will be rather
hard to find twelve men to listen to Sarah
Koten and then treat her very harshly.
A few earnest words from a judge, a chance
to begin over again, a chance TO BRING UP
THAT CHILD AND DO HER DUTY BY IT,
WOULD, IN OUR OPINION, BE ABOUT
THE RIGHT SOLUTION OF THE PROB
LEM. Somehow, while the majesty of the
law should always be fearful in men’s eyes,
it would seem a little ridiculous to say to
Sarah Koten: “You have revenged yourself
for the worst possible injury by killing a
human being, and to set you a good example
WE ARE GOING TO REVENGE OUR
SELVES FOR A RELATIVELY SLIGHT
INJURY, BY KILLING YOU.”—New York
Journal.
“HE MURDERED HIMSELF.”
By Julian Hawthorne.
(In New York Journal.)
When the trained nurse, Miss Koten, shot
the physician, Dr. Auspitz, she made the
rather unusual statement, in such circum
stances, that “he murdered himself.” She
probably meant that his conduct toward her
merited death, and that she had merely carried
out the behest of the unwritten law.
A more deliberate killing was never done,
but he had ruined her and prevented her
marriage with a man who had been her suitor;
and she had brooded over the matter until she
was in an abnormal state of mind.
There was no legal w’ay of punishing the
man, or any way of rehabilitating herself.
When previously she had attempted to bring
him to account for his conduct, he had attack
ed her reputation byway of defending himself.
She was an outcast, and she saw him con
tinuing a successful career, and if what has
been said of him be true, she was not his first
victim, nor likely to be his last. This is the
kind of situation that brings despair and
vengeance.
A Significant Phrase.
But that saying, “he murdered himself,”
had a significance which Miss Koten her
self may not have attached to it.
Dr. Auspitz appears to have come hither
from Buda-Pesth eight years ago. That local
ity countenances a looseness of moral conduct
between men and women which does not ob
tain here.
Dr. Auspitz, judging from his photograph
in the papers, was a handsome young fellow,
and doubtless had the agreeable and insinuat
ing manners of an educated foreigner. If he
had originally any reference for woman’s
purity, his studies in physiology and medicine
would not seem to have fortified it —they
would be more likely to lessen it.
With the nobler type of physician a woman
is as safe as with her own mother; but there
are many facile materialists and cheap sceptics
in the profession who consider women fair
game, and who take advantage of their op
portunities to play havoc with them.
Lacking in Moral Sense.
Dr. Auspitz is described as having been
popular, but unless he has been maligned he
brought with him from his native place a
total disregard for the moral responsibilities
of his position.
In other words, to take up the phrase used
by the woman who killed him, he had mur
dered something in himself which involved his
moral stature and value. The soul in him
was dead; only the animal body, with its
characteristic life and propensities, remain.
With respect to his relations with women
he had become no better than a beast and
deserved no more consideration than one. He
had destroyed the “high instincts,” as Words
worth called them, “before which our moral
nature doth tremble like a guilty thing sur
prised.” He had closed the doors of access
to the loftier regions of his being and had
taken up his abode in the lower, corporeal
chambers.
He had murdered himself—his better self,
which alone renders a man fit to take part in
the human existence around him. And there
fore he had forfeited th& protection
which honor and true manhood throw about
a man —a very real and efficient protection,
which exerts its chief influence, though Dr.
Auspitz himself might have ridiculed this
statement, not on the material, but on the
spiritual, plane.
Sealed His Death Warrant.
He had liberated in others evil passions
against which no armor existed in himself.
It is strnge to read how he hesitated, on the
last day of his life, as to whether or not he
should respond to the supposed professional
call which summoned him to a patient. He
decided to answer it, and thereby signed his
own warrant of death.
Miss Koten will stand her trial, and per
haps be sentenced to life imprisonment. We
do nit like to kill women by legal process. But
we are, as yet, hardly enough advanced in
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
PAGE THREE