PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.,January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., APRIL 29, 1909.
REMITTANCES must be made in money
orders or exchange. Local checks cannot be
accepted, unless ten cents is added for ex
change.
The Lumber Trust and Tour
Congressman.
In our Summary of Events last week, you
read of the action of the Lumber Trust in or
dering the stoppage of nearly 1,000 saw-mills
in the South. One of the Lumber Trust mag
nates stated the object they have in view. His
statement is in keeping with the insolent tone
common to the Trusts.
“We will force the dealers to pay our prices
by cutting out the supply as long as neces
sary.”
The dealers are the middle men, between
the lumber Trust and the consumers. To
compel the dealers to pay Trust prices, forces
them to exact the same prices from those who
must buy lumber. So, the blow is aimed at
the people, the helpless, unorganized people
who want to build houses, or to repair those
already in existence.
How has your .Congressmen helped the
Trust to get the power which enables it to
close mills and force prices up? Simply by
putting up a wall of tariff duties which keeps
out lumber from Canada and other countries.
The Republicans first built that wall. The
Democrats denounced them for it. In the
platform of 1908, the . Bryanites .demanded
“the immediate repeal of the tariff on lumber,
timber and logs.”
But within less than a year since that plat
form was adopted, the Democratic party fur
nished. the. Republicans, enough votes to
PREVENT the tariff from being taken off
lumber, timber and logs.
IT IS A SHAME—A CRIME!
And the Lumber Trust, insolent and raven
ous, will shut down nearly 1,000 mills in the
South to force us to pay exorbitant prices!
Don’t forget the Democrats who joined the
Republicans, voted against their own platform,
and fortified the position of the Lumber Trust.
Remember them, and punish them with your
vote, the very first chance you get.
nun
"We Demand,” Said the Democrat.
The Dingley 'tariff was a Republican meas
ure. For years, the Democrats have been de
nouncing it. For years, they have been de
manding a chance to get at it and smash it.
Do you remember what they said in their
national platform? Here it is: “We demand
THE IMMEDIATE REPEAL of the tariff
on wood pulp, print paper, LUMBER, and
LOGS, and that these articles be placed UPON
THE FREE LIST.”
Yep. That’s what they SAID.. Now what
have they DONE? Gone over to the Repub
licans ; voted for the lumber trust, and kept
lumber OFF the free list. Four Democratic
Congressmen from Georgia helped the Repub
licans to shatter the Democratic platform.
Four Representatives, who loudly and repeat’
dje Jeffersonian
edly told their dear constituents how they
were being robbed, by the Trusts, under
the Dingley law, kindly helped to furnish the
votes that were necessary to enable the Lum
ber Trust to continue to rob those constitu
ents under forms of law. Their names are
Livingston, former President of The Farmers’
Alliance; Jim Griggs, ex-treasurer of Hearst’s
Georgia campaign wad; Brantley of the
Brunswick end of our glorious State; and
Edwards, who had the luck to defeat so good
a man as Kinch Overstreet.
Without the aid of Democratic votes, the
Democratic platform could not have been
brought to shame. Without the aid of Demo
cratic votes, the Republican programme could
not have been carried through. Cannonism is
still on top, and the trusts are obtaining a re
newal of legal licenses to*rob the people, by
reason of the support of the Democratic party.
In the Memoirs of Moncure D. Conway we
are told of a Northern preacher who was sol
emnly and fervently holding forth to an as
semblage of the devout, in a crowded church,
and who wound up a comprehensive assault
on the Democratic party by saying with pious
unction and unconscious profanity, that “the
Democratic party is the God damnedest party
that ever existed.”
The description still fits.
n n n
Senator Clay Misrepresented.
Those newspapers which have stated that
Senator Clay, of Georgia, will vote to retain
the Republican tariff duties on lumber, have
guessed wrong.
Senator Clay is no Lumber Trust hench
man, nor Republican assistant. He will vote
to put lumber, timber and logs on the free
list, just as the Democratic platform demands.
The Jeffersonian is exceedingly glad to be
able to say this positively and by authority.
n n n
Socialism, or Populism ?
Chalk Mountain, Texas, April 19, 1909.
In the Weekly Jeffersonian of April Bth, in reply
ing to a letter by me, you make an able comment.
Were you commenting on communism? But you fail
to make the proper distinction between commun
ism and socialism, and while your remarks are nice
enough w r hen applied to communism, they do not
apply to socialism. You say “the ‘have nots’ may out
number the ‘haves’ and may vote to make society the
owner of all property.” Now, the socialists do not
contend that society shall own all property. They
contend that those things upon which the people
in common depend shall be owned and administered
by the people (or government) in common, such as
railroads, telephones, factories, etc.; that things of
a private nature shall be privately used; but things
of a public nature shall not be privately used for
the robbery of mankind. You say “the men who are
in possession of private wealth will never surrender
without a fight.” If you mean by private wealth,
such as railroads, telegraph lines, etc., then popu
lism cannot come without a fight, if your statement
is correct, as populism says the government must
own and operate the railroads. If you do not mean
property of a public nature, privately owned, by the
term private wealth, then it does not fit socialism,
as socialism says things of a private nature shall be
privately owned, and things of a public nature shall
be publicly owned. Do the socialists adhere to the
principle that private ownership is wrong? They
adhere to the principle that private ownership and
operation of things of a public nature are wrong,
unwise and cause oppression of mankind by the
master class. Do they still contend that all property
must be owned in common? No, they contend that
things of a private nature shall be privately owned,
and that the things of a public nature shall be by the
“people in common (government) owned and admin
istered.”
You say socialist Communities invariably fail.
Some communities might be called a socialist com
munity. But a socialist community is an impossi
bility under a capitalist government. Socialism is a
theme 01 government, not a local affair. A so-called
socialist community bears the same relation to so-
that a band of horse thiev.ep and murderers
would to Christianity if they should call themselves
Christians. ,
Does socialism contend that society shall own your
home and shift you about at periodic intervals? So
cialism contends that every man should own nis own
home, but that he should not be allowed to own the
homes that other men required to exist, and thereby
lay a tribute on his fellow man.
I have answered your question as I consider cor
rect under socialism as taught now and in the past
by leading socialists of the United States. I am only
a farmer boy, .and am not the highest authority on
socialism, but I think if you will investigate care
fully my answers will be found to voice the senti
ments of the leading socialists of the United States.
In conclusion I will say that Watson has done some
noble work tor the rights of the people, but in my
opinion he can reap the results only in connection
with the socialist party. W. W. WILKS.
Answer: The foregoing letter,* —which it
gives us pleasure to print,—proves what we
have so often asserted, —Most Socialists are
Populists, and not Socialists.
This boy, —evidently a bright, earnest seeker
after truth, —states the case of Populism. So_-
cialism is a different thing, altogether.
The national platform of the Socialist party
for 1908 demands the collective ownership of
all public"utilities “and all land.”
“All” is the most comprehensive word-in
the English language. If all the land is owned
by Society, where will Jones and Smith and
Brown find land which they may buy and
build dwellings on? How can the Govern
ment own all the land, and yet leave room for
the private ownership of homes?
The truth of the matter is that our Socialist
leaders have borrowed the principles of Popu
lism to do business on, and they have fooled
a lot of honest converts. Socialist orators de
nounce Special Privilege, just as the Pops do,
nd in this they are right. But they conceal
from their deluded followers the all-important
fact that Special Privilege is a departure from
fundamental Democracy, and that to cure the
ills complained of nothing more is needed than
the repeal of class legislation and the restora
tion of equal and exact justice in the making
of our laws.
In other words, Socialism and Populism at
tack the same abuses, but differ as to reme
dies. Populism recognizes that inherent, im
perishable feeling of individuality which causes
every normal man to want a mate that is
exclusively his woman, a spot of mother earth
that is his exclusive home, and the personal
freedom which makes him his own Captain,
d he Home Rule for which nations strive until
they get it, is nothing in the world but indi
vidualism asserting itself collectively. The
individuality of the man asserts itself in the
determination of his country to rule itself.
1 here is no danger of civil war in Populism’s
demand for the public ownership of public
utilities. The time is not distant when the
people interested in the operation of railroads
will be glad to sell out to the Government, and
take Government stocks and bonds, instead of
the fluctuating securities which are at the mer
cy of speculators, reorganizers and robbers like
I’at Calhoun, J. P. Morgan, E. H. Harriman
and their kind.
But the proposition to confiscate private
property is quite another thing. The birds of
the air wing their way peaceably through
space—which is common to them all—but the
tiniest songster that flies will fight for its own
nest. The sky is public, every bird has as
much right to it as the other, but the nest is
private property.
Nature’s plan requires that the space through
which the fowls of the air spread their wings
shall be common property, open to all on equal
terms, but nature’s plan likewise demands that
the nest, the home of the bird, be private and
exclusive. We see the same principle at work
throughout the animal kingdom. In this coun
try, the Socialist leaders have been compelled
to pretend to modify thfjjr teachings. They