by all the governments, state and federal, com
bined ?
Never in the world.
Harriman is paving the way for governmen
tal ownership of these commercial highways.
We MUST CONTROL the railroads, —so say
we all. And, to control a thing, WE MUST
OWN IT. So everybody will say, after awhile,
when political education has done its work.
According to the most liberal estimates, there
were 300,000 people reduced to poverty and
want by the Italian earthquakes. The whole
world was convulsed with sympathy, and mill
ions of dollars were rushed to relieve the suf
fering. Noble charity.
But the panic of 1907 threw out of employ
ment 2,000,000 workers in this country, alone,
and charity fell into no convulsions. In a doz
en of our big cities there are, right now, a
larger number of sufferers, —our own kith and
kin, —than there are in Sicily and Calabria.
Yet the millions of dollars don’t rush to the
rescue, and Congress appropriates no SBOO,OOO.
Once more to the breach, comes the Stand
ard Oil hireling, Foraker, to defend the negro
soldiers who shot up Brownsville. Very eager
indeed is Foraker to distract attention from
those bribes paid him by Archbold, to kill off
legislation injurious to the Standard Oil Trust.
Hence, his everlasting yawping about the poor
niggers who, after committing riot and murder
in a Southern town, were simply dropped from
the army.
What are the undisputed facts? (r) That
Brownsville was shot up by a band of men,
(2) that this band used rifles all of the same
kind, (3) that they left no tracks coming into
the town from any place outside, and none go
ing away, (4) that no other band of men had
a motive to commit the crime, (5) that no oth
er band had threatened to do it, (6) the cap,
shells, etc., found on the ground next morning
corresponded with caps worn and the rifles
used by the negro troops, and (7) that no other
men in that part of the country had rifles simi
lar to those used in the raid.
The negro troops did have the motive, had
made threats, did have that kind of caps and
guns, and being stationed at Brownsville did
not have to make tracks going into the town
nor leaving it.
Therefore, putting the confessions and all
other evidence aside, the circumstantial testi
mony of itself fixes the crime upon the negro
troops.
H M
The A dbance of Militarism,
The spirit of militarism grows stronger in
this country every year. The civil power is
steadily losing ground. A certain Major of
the Army committed a number of crimes,—
Bigamy being one of them,- —and the civil au
thorities were not allowed to touch him. A
hasty court-martial took jurisdiction over this
Major and he was retired from the service, on
half pay. Bigamy is, of course, a'felony pun
ishable by a term in the penitentiary. This
officer ruined the Detroit girl whom he de
ceived, wrecked the happiness of her family and
his own, yet he gets no punishment at all.
On the contrary, a private who appeared in
public in civilian clothes, when he had been
ordered to wear a uniform, was sent to the
Leavenworth penitentiary for eighteen months,
and all his pay and allowances were forfeited.
An officer defrauds creditors right and left,
and marries a respectable young lady in De
troit when he already has a wife and children
in California, but he is not even arrested for
the crime of Bigamy. But a friendless private,
for wearing the wrong suit of clothes —a purely
technical offense involving no moral turpitude
whatever, —is treated as a felon and packed
off to the penitentiary.
That is the hateful spirit of militarism. Even
in Germany, no greater distinction could be
made between privates and officers, and be
tween the military and the civil authority.
£st)e □kffersonian
Under a militia Colonel, Theodore Roose
velt, we have had a faster growth in pompous,
extravagant, domineering, imperialistic milita
rism than we had under U. S. Grant, one of the.
world’s Great Commanders. In fact, Gen.
Grant, in times of peace, was a quiet and mod
est civilian; Roosevelt, a fairly good volunteer
subordinate in time of war, has been roaring,
rip-snortious, get-ready-for-instant-war rioter,
ever since he went into the White House. The
man seems to be a monomaniac upon the sub
ject of naval and military development.
We have a navy that is. seven times larger
than it was ten years ago. We no longer have
any state militia: we have a vast national mili
tia, and already the army chiefs are clamoring
for a standing army as large as that of Ger
many.
We are now spending upwards of $200,000,-
000 per year upon the army and navy, and the
Secretary of the Navy is demanding, for his
Department, an increase of $69,000,000 per
year.
As to the army, the pressure for an enor
mous increase is fast becoming irresistible.
What is one to think when so representative
an officer as Gen. Fred Grant declares that
WE MUST HAVE AN ARMY OF A MIL
LION MEN?
Do those who control our Government fear
foreign foes? Not in the least. They know
that Japan, Germany, Great Britain, etc., have
all the troubles they can stagger under, with
out crossing the ocean to make a Quixotic at
tack upon the United States. What then is the
meaning of this vast outlay for naval and mili
tary establishments?
The beneficiaries of Special Privilege fear
the uprising of the masses, and are determined
to prepare themselves for that inevitable day
when the people will have reached the limit-of
toleration.
Tdft In A tian ta.
Poor old Mr. Bryan! Blow utterly he is for
gotten down here in the land o’ cotton! It’s
Taft that fills the editorial soul with joy; Taft
that makes the welkin ring; Taft that sits
down to possum and Shimepine; Taft that
makes Democratic orators to pint with pride
and to view with alarm.
Yep. Everybody’s for Taft this year,—ex
cepting the coons! Clearly the coons are
feazed.
You can’t beat Atlanta, no matter how hard
you may try; so Augusta had to surrender the
jocund President-elect for two whole days, in
order that “the moral element” of the Gate
City might do their devoirs.
We cut out all such preliminaries as the spe
cial train to Atlanta, the stops at way stations
where young and old and middle-aged Reubs
and Mirandys and Chollies and Fanny Lous
poised themselves gracefully and gazed vacant
ly at the rotund Mr. Taft. We omit the inter
mediate speeches. We skip everything, in or
der that we may reach Atlanta, where they are
prepared to pint with pride and view with
alarm. We come at once to the reception—At
lanta’s reception of Taft.
Many years ago a crazy man, by some odd
chance, was put in charge of a public reception
in Atlanta. This crazy man, after dreaming
over it and talking in his sleep, decided to select
one Atlanta man to introduce to the audience
another Atlanta man, who would, in turn, in
troduce to the same audience the visiting ce
lebrity. Happy thought. The crazy man man
aged the thing accordingly, and the Gate City
people have been doing it that way ever since.
Therefore, the Taft reception was simple.
Asa Candler told the people of! Atlanta, in ef
fect, “This is Hoke Smith.” and Hoke, in turn,
said, virtually, “Yes, I am H<ke, but this is
Taft.”
Coca-Cola made Asa Candler rich, and riches
made him President of Atlanta’s Chamber of
Commerce, and incidentally, one of the most
principallist men of “the moral element of At
lanta.”
Asa’s speech, introducing Hoke, is a gem, a
pearl, a peach, a valentine, a pick-me-up, a
cracker-jack.
Said Asa, in part:
“Big occasions demand big men, and big men
always bob up when big occasions roll around.
This is a big occasion. I am a big man, but
there are others. One of these I will shortly
present to you, and he will then introduce an
other who is still bigger. This biggest of the
three has recently been chosen by a big people
to do a big work.”
A good deal more of this thrilling twaddle fol
lowed, but we spare our readers, and state that
Asa finally pulled up, and, in order that Taft
might be presented, introduced “his excellency,
the Hon. Hoke Smith.”
Hoke’s address, introducing Taft to the At
lanta people, must have been a source of ex
quisite pleasure to all who heard it, —particu-
larly to the patient, genial, martyred Taft.
Beginning with 1824, Hoke sketched our po
litical history with a masterly and tireless hand.
The familiar sweetness of “our revolutionary
sires” fell with dulcet sound once more upon
our ravished ears. Then he broke off from the
main thread of the narrative long enough to as
sure Taft that “we are glad to have you with
US.
Then mounting aloft again, on the strong
wings of statesmanship, Hoke sailed into the
trusts, the Chinese wall, malefactors of great
wealth and other public enemies.
It was at this time that he paused awhile to
“point with pride” to the fact that our gifted
and tenacious Senators, Bacon and Clay, had
rallied around Roosevelt and had sustained that
strenuous and sorely beset official in all of his
trials, struggles and tribulations.
Bless us! You would have thought that
Roosevelt was the Democratic President, —so
emphatic was Hoke in his praise of Bacon and
Clay for supporting Theodore.
Hoke then assured the weary but still pa
tient Taft that this state and this part of the
Union “are growing, with giant strides.” This
is especially true of the Coca-Cola consump
tion, which has notably increased since we
were under the disagreeable necessity of clos
ing up Hoke’s and other barrooms.
The eloquent introducer of the waiting Taft
then informed him that we were solving the
problems of education, and were not only win
ning prosperity for ourselves but were prepar
ing to scatter it broadcast throughout the land.
Then Hoke launched out into freight rates,
prices of commodities, and other topics equally
germane to the introduction of Mr. Taft.
Then in a martial, patriotic outburst, Hoke
told Taft how we loved the Union, the flag,
and the Spanish War. The only complaint
Georgia had to make was that she was not al
lowed to send a greater number of troops!
Then, after telling about Brumby who, ac
cording to Hoke,- stood up so that the Span
iards could not miss him. instead of jumping
into the water and saving a life precious to his
country, Hoke at last, at last, AT LAST got to
Taft, and introduced him.
But by this time we are tired, and we won’t
comment on what Taft said. He didn’t say
anything much. How could he? Asa and
Hoke had said it all, —and more too.
*
One Sample of Private Ownership.
Upon his return from an automobile ride with
some lady friends of Atlanta, Maj. J. H. Han
son fell down and broke, not his crown, but his
arm. Almost, but not quite, another case of
Jack and Jill.
Major Hanson is President of the Central
Railroad and Ocean Steamship Company.
Owns one share of stock therein. Gets a neat
little salary of $30,000 per year. Asked, while
on the witness stand in Savannah, whether he
were at liberty to sell his one share of stock,
the Major blandly implored the interrogating
attorney not to press the question. Savannah
lawyers being notoriously and somewhat out
(Con tinned on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE