PLEASING POINTS POP POPULISTS
ATTENTION, COMRADES!
The Jeffersonian would be glad to have
brief letters from all parts of the country,
telling us what the Pops are doing. If we
knew our own strength, we would have more
confidence.
Don’t wait for the National Committee, nor
the State Committee.
CALL A COUNTY MEETING AND START
THE BALL TO ROLLING.
If you have no county chairman, let a vol
unteer act. SEND OUT A CALL, ADVER
TISE IT WELL, INVITE SOME LOCAL
SPEAKER, AND GET STARTED.
Bryan may have killed our party in the
West, but he has not killed it in the South.
And if we can poll a million votes in the
South, Bryanism will lose its hold in the West,
and 1912 will witness a genuine reform move
ment that will unite the two great agricultural
sections against the predatory capitalism of
the East.
Now that Bryan has gone over to the Wall
Street element, and has written a platform
which is nothing more than a blurred imita
tion of Taft, it should be possible to resurrect
the reform movement which Bryanism and
fusion buried.
V
TO THE POPULISTS OF TEXAS.
The State Convention of Texas was held in
Fort Worth, August 11, and pledged its sup
port to Thos. E. Watsort ami Samuel W. Wil
liams, putting an electoral ticket in the field,
composed only of tried and true Populists
who have, in season and out of season, stood
firmly on the front line of battle and who
have never failed to respond when called on to
work for our principles. The Populists of
Texas are still in the middle-of-the-road, and
We EXPECT TO STAY THERE, hoping, in
good time, that all true reformers in the United
States will join us. A full State Committee
was elected, composed of one member in and
for each one of the 31 Senatorial Districts, and
has already formally organized and is ready
for work. As Chairman thereof, I ask that
each one of you write, by the first mail after
reading this, and send me as follows:
The full name and address (including rural
route, if on one) of yourself and every other
voter in your precinct who you believe will
vole for Watson and Williams; and the names
ami addresses of five or more of the Old
Guard Populists who would serve as a County
Club Organization Committee to re-organize
an Old Guard Populist Club in and for every
voting precinct, and constitute a campaign
committee for such precinct. Enclose some
postage stamps so I can at once reach these
men with personal letters.
Next week I will give you the names of the
electors and explain fully the plan of battle
that has been carefully considered and agreed
upon for the eleven weeks’ campaign just
-ahead of us.
Fraternally yours,
Abilene, Texas. H. L, IJENTLEY.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
TEXAS STATE CONVENTION.
Cleburne, Texas, Aug. 12, 1908.
Editor Jeffersonian: The Populist State
Convention of Texas convened in Fort Worth,
Texas, August 11, and was called to order
promptly at 10 a. m. by State Chairman Mal
lett, who read the call, after which temporary
organization was effected by the election of
James W. Baird, of Lamar county, as tempo
rary chairman, and Milton Park, of Dallas
county, as temporary secretary.
After the appointment of the usual com
mittees, the convention took up the proposition
in regard to putting a state ticket in the field,
and after full and fair discussion, it was de
cided not to name a state ticket. But the
convention decided to place a full electoral
ticket in the field for Watson and Williams.
This ticket is headed by J. M. Mallett, of Cle
burne, Texas, and H. M. Crustion, of Paris,
as electors for the state at large, and sixteen
congressional electors, one for each congres
sional district in the state.
Col. H. L. Bentley, of Abilene, was elected
state chairman for the next two years, and
the convention agreed to raise for him ample
funds for campaign purposes.
Colonel Bentley is one of the finest organ
izers in the United States, and you may expect
to hear something good from Texas about the
ides of November, 1908.
We shall press the circulation of the two
Jeffersonians, for they are certainly the best
reform literature we get.
All hail to our national ticket! Let the
peerless gabbler of the Platte continue to
shout, his cause is now lost in the fog of un
certainty of just where he stands on any ques
tion. Let Populists of Texas now awake from
their long sleep and get into line for a vigor
ous campaign. Yours for fight,
J. M. MALLETT.
TO NEBRASKA POPULISTS.
Since 1896 the Bryan men have been in pos
session of our party in this state. We have
been unable to do anything because of the
gavel rule used by those men whereby we were
kept down. Mr. Tibbles, in “A Suppressed
Populist Newspaper,” tells the methods in
plain language whereby we were defeated. Out
last legislature, however, passed a direct pri
mary law and we now have it in our power to
nominate straight populists. There has never
been a time but that the majority of popu
lists in this state were in favor of middle-of -
the-road action. Now, since we have it in our
power to control our party, let us do so. One
man, Mr. A. W. Potts, of Stockham, has filed
for presidential elector on the Watson ticket.
Let every Watson man go to the polls on Sep
tember 1 and cast his vote for Mr. Potts. See
to it that all other populists with whom you
are acquainted do the same and Mr. Potts
will be nominated. The lowest conservative
estimate, placed by democrats and republicans,
for Watson in this state, is thirty thousand.
Let us nominate Mr, Potts and in November
make that vote at least fifty thousand. Do not
forget the date of the primary, September 1,
Write me and send me names of Watson popu
lists. . Funds are also needed for distributing
literature.
Yours respectfully,
ALLEN L. POWELL.
ALABAMA POPULISTS.
All Alabamians who believe in the principlesi
of Jeffersonian Democracy, and desire to sup
port Hon. Thos. E. Watson, the greatest adva
cate of those principles, for President of the
United States, are requested to send their
names and address to the undersigned at
Opelika, Ala.
We want Alabama to give Mr. Watson a good
vote in the November election, and we can not
hope to do the greatest amount of good unless
we organize. Act quickly, for our time is get
ting short. J. ROY McGINTY.
Opelika, Ala., July 20, 1908.
CIRCULAR ISSUED BY BRYANITE
NEGROES.
(Continued from Page Three.)
slaves has practically abandoned its black
allies, and its leaders have given public ap
proval to the disfranchisement of the race by
southern states, and have expressed a deter
mination to eliminate the black man from
politics.
4 4 For forty years the colored man has voted
solidly for one and the same party, and by so
doing he has won the contempt of that party
and the hatred of the second strongest politi
cal party in the country; and having been de
serted by the Republicans, he cannot reasona
bly expect the Democrats to receive him with
open arms until a large majority of the race
at least let it be understood that they will not
always vote the republican ticket.
“We advise our people to be independent
in politics, and to cast their votes where they
will count the most in defeating the party
which has proven to be a false friend.”
DID YOU EVER THINK OF IT?
That for the little sum of $2.50 you can give
a liberal education in political economy to
TEN PEOPLE?
Send us the names and addresses of ten
people who need such an education, and
enclose $2.50, and we will send each of them
the Weekly Jeffersonian for three months.
THIS IS THE BEST CONTRIBUTION YOU
CAN MAKE TO THE CAUSE.
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
THE UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA
commends Locust Grove Institute. Prof. J.
S. Stewart writes: “After careful examina
tion of the record of Mr , entered
on your certificate, the faculty instructed me
to say that the record of this student has
been in every way satisfactory, his lowest
mark being 92.5. We desire to commend the
good work of your Institution.” Catalog on
application. Claude Gray, President, Locust
Grove, Ga.
PAGE SEVEN