so much for the cause, and who yielded the
rewards so generously when the time came
that those sacred principles commended them
selves to the majority of the voters of the
state of Georgia.
Believing that it is the purpose of Governor
Smith and his committee to establish ring
rule in its worst form, and to make permanent
a system which destroys the constitutional
rights of the country counties, and violates
the democratic principle that every county
shall be represented according to the majority
vote of that county, instead of the majority
vote of some other- county, I have no hesita
tion whatever in asking my friends not to
vote for Hoke Smith in this campaign. To
support him now, when these new rules are
involved in the campaign, will be taken as
an endorsement of'those rules. Their defeat
is more essential to the future welfare of this
state than the success of either one of the
candidates.
(To complete the record, we publish this.
The vile pamphlet referred to was not circu
lated until the last few days of the cam
paign. The purpose was to strike Watson
one last blow, when he could not hit back.
Fortunately a friend caught on and put Mr.
Watson on his guard. Gov. Hoke Smith has
disclaimed the Foster pamphlet but did not
condemn it.)
DOCTOR SAYS FLY SPREADS DISEASE.
An editorial by Dr. Shoemake, in the Month
ly Cyclopedia and Medical Bulletin, touches
on a question that is of peculiar interest to
housekeepers at this time. He says:
“In a summary report by Dr. Hamer, of
the London County Council, on the fly nuis
ance, according to his investigation, he con
cludes that refuse placed over 200 yards away
from dwellings, distinctly influences the num
ber of flies that may haunt the houses.
“His investigations also clearly and scien
tifically corroborated the common belief that
children, dirty w-alls and ceilings, particles of
food on the floor, and in the sinks are par
ticularly congenial to flies and influences them
to haunt such places.
“Laboratory experiments have clearly dem
onstrated that the house fly is capable of dis
seminating the germs of zymotic diarrhoea,
typhoid fever, tuberculosis, Asiatic cholera,
etc. A fly contaminated with the germs of
any of the above-named diseases may carry
the infection for a considerable distance and
remain infectious for a comparatively long
time.
“It has been shown that flies may carry
the typhoid bacillus in a living condition for
over two weeks. Experiments have proven
that the typhoid bacillus may pass through the
intestinal tract of a fly and remain alive; hence
the danger of the fly spot. The tubercle bacil
lus is another germ that has been found alive
in the intestinal tract of the house fly. The
flies become infected by eating the sputum
of tubercular patients.
“Flies are not as dangerous to disseminate
disease by carrying the germs alive in their
bodies as they are dangerous by carrying the
germs in their hairy feet, which are particu-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
larly adapted for picking up germs and thus
conveying them to the food of healthy per
sons. They settle on the dejecta of patients,
crawling over the patient or the soiled linen,
and thus pick up the genus and become a
potent medium in disseminating, especially the
diseases previously mentioned.
“The moral to be learned from this lesson
is that flies are a source of great danger to the
welfare of healthy individuals; that they
should be kept away entirely from foodstuffs,
and all possible breeding places for them
should be avoided neai- dwellings. In fact, the
value of flies is nil, except for their ability of
pestering man and beast.’’
STEEL PRICE CUT FORCED ON TRUST.
(Continued from Page One.)
Hunger Only Thing That Stopped Strife.
Hidden away in their eyrie, however, the op
ponents felt safe from all interruption and
continued their battle regardless of w’hat was
happening on the earth below. Hunger alone
stayed their strife for a few moments. About
noon they declared an armed truce long
enough to refresh themselves. They did not
leave the scene of conflict, however, but had
luncheon served to them in the room.
Toward 6 o’clock in the evening they halted
again long enough to partake of dinner. Then
they fell to again and telephone and telegraph
wires between this city and Pittsburg and
other places in which those present had inter
ests to consult were once more as busy as they
had been all day.
About 10 o’clock at night, however, a mes
sage from a waiting newspaper man apprised
them of the fact that their hiding place had
been discovered and apparently brought about
a climax. In a few minutes afterward Judge
Gary emerged and made public the terms on
which his trust had surrendered.
Beyond those terms he declined to say any
thing except to deny the interview attributed
to him recently in which he was quoted as hav
ing said the Steel Tru-d \<mld on no account
reduce prices.
“What I did say,” he explained, “was that
it w’as the expressed opinion of the manufac
turers that prices should not be reduced. Nor
did I say there would be no other meeting of
the steel makers in respect to the matter of
prices. I said the chairman would not call
another meeting unless something unforeseen
occurred. ”
“We have forced them to a compromise,”
was the way one of the independents put it,
but beyond that he also declined to speak, hav
ing been, as he said, pledged to secrecy.
Wall Street men who heard last night that
the Steel Corporation had been unable to
maintain its policy of fixed prices regardless
of the industrial condition of the country
viewed it from two different points. From
one it was deemed unpropitious, so far as the
stock market was concerned, because it indi
cated that the trust had lost control of the
situation.
It was believed that the cut had come too.
late, and that it would merely have the effect
of retarding trade instead of increasing it.
Prospective buyers, it was said, would hesi
tate to lay in stocks at this time, fearing that
as one cut had been made, another would fol
low, and their competitors might obtain mate
rial at much lower rates.
On the other hand, it was held that the re
duction in prices would undoubtedly increase
business, and that in turn would be an incen
tive to correlative trades.
HOW BEEF TRUST WORKS.
The power of the great packing houses,
working in concert, if not in actual combina
tion, over the market for live food animals and
the market for products, is too weH known to
admit of denial. Their agents calculate
shrewdly what the traffic will bear at both"
ends,-how much it will bear in pressing down
the price with raisers of the animals, and how
much it will bear in pushing up the price with
consumers of meat, and the controlling con
sideration is profit in the trade. 'But the
process does not stop with the packers or
with the wholesale dealers, with whom their
relations are close. The spirit of co-operation
for mutual benefit extends to retailers, who
are included in the network of close business
relations. They are held in the leash of non
competition by relations of credit and of
favorable or unfavorable dealing with those
who control the supply, and, as some of them
admit, they act practically as agents of a
great “combine,” rather than independent
traders who can buy where they will at the
best prices they can make and sell at such
advantage as they may. When prices push
up behind them they advance, fully as much,
if not more, and when they recede in the
rear they are held up in front or only allowed
to sag. The market, from the ranch to the
butcher’s shop, is largely an artificial one,
and, though it cannot be handled at will as a
monopoly, it can be controlled with a single
regard for the profits of those engaged in
operating it. It is the modern “system” for
keeping prices as “staple” as possible. It
is virtually the trust system superseding the
system of free competition, and at the present
time it is putting or keeping up the price of
meat when it ought to come down.—The New’
York Journal of Commerce.
BOUND VOLUMES OF THE JEFFERSON
IAN MAGAZINE FOR 1907.
Did you know that these two books have
1,200 pages of reading matter? They are
beautifully and profusely illustrated with
line cuts and half-tones, and many cartoons
by
The volumes contain the best selections in
prose and poetry, short stories and special ar
ticles, besides a vast amount of information
on governmental questions, economic prob
lems and political history.
These books will add permanent value to
any Library. Price for the set for 1907, $2.50.
Sent as a Premium for 5 subscriptions to the
magazine, or 8 subscriptions to the weekly
Jeffersonian. Address,
THE JEFFERSONIAN,
w Thomson, Ga.
PAGE THIRTEEN