PAGE EIGHT
C>l)e Jeffersonian,
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., SEPTEMBER 10,1908
as Niggerites.
Henry Watterson, the veteran Kentucky edi
tor, seems to be the mainspring of Bryan’s
campaign. Those of us who remember the
savage editorial which Brother Watterson
wrote against the Hon. W. J. Peerless last
Spring, find it difficult to recognize in the
same Watterson a rampant Bryanite.
Years ago, Mr. Watterson was chairman of
a Democratic Convention which put forth a
platform expressing the “devotion” of the
Democratic Partv to the 13th, 14th and 15th
amendments. We regard this platform state
ment as the very worst of all the humiliations
which Northern and Eastern Democrats ever
inflicted upon the South. The Southern peo
ple were put in the position of licking the
hand that smote them. To compel the South
to say that the 13th, 14th and 15th amendments
commanded her “devotion,” was the same as
though the bleeding victim of a ravisher were
forced to say that she gloried in her misfor
tune.
Mr. Watterson attracted attention and criti
cism some vears ago, bv making certain state
ments in his lecture on Abraham Lincoln,
which represented the South as having refused
to consider certain magnanimous propositions
which Mr. Lincoln made at Hampton Roads.
As a matter of fact, Mr. Lincoln dick not
make any magnanimous proposals at Hampt
Roads, or anywhere else.
Mr. Watterson has been prominent as a
friend of Booker Washington and other “col
ored gentlemen of refinement and culture.” He
enjoys speaking from the same platform with
these superior Afro-Americans. Apparently,
he would have no objection to social equality
with negroes, provided he is allowed to pick
and choose —avoiding those gentlemen of color
who are not refined as well as cultured.
Such being the antecedents of Mr. Watter
son, we can not be greatly surprised that he has
now boldly challenged the correctness of the
Southern position on the negro question.
Says Mr. Watterson :
“The time has come for the negro to divide
his vote AND THUS BECOME A FACTOR
IN POLITICS SUCH AS HE IS NOT TO
DAY.”
What has the South been trying to do, tor
the last thirty-five years?
Been trying to re-establish White Supiem
acy. Ever since the Civil War, the Democratic
bosses have ruled the South with a rod of iron,
because it claimed to be the white man’s party.
We have made every imaginable sacrifice to
■vyard off the peril of Negro Domination. We
Jeffersonian
have submitted to all sorts of impositions at
the hands of Eastern Democracy, because of
the fact that the Democratic Party, of the
South, was 'allowed to have its own way in
dealing with the negro question.
Our national leaders, Gen. John B. Gordon,
Gen. Wade Hampton and Gen. M. C. Butler,
traded away Tilden’s chance to be President
in exchange for the withdrawal of the Federal
troops from the South; and we have always
believed that the trade was patriotic, wise and
statesmanly. When President Hayes ordered
the U. S. troops away from the South, white
supremacy was an accomplished fact, and this
result was worth immensely more to us than
anything that we could have expected from
that cock-eyed railroad wrecker, Sam. Tilden.
Beginning with the Disfranchisement law
of Mississippi —which Senator George defend
ed in the U. S. Senate with such wonderful
ability and learning—the Southern States have
been laboring steadily to put the negro out of
politics. The entire South is committed to the
principle of White Supremacy.
Yet here comes Bryan’s chief lieutenant pro
posing to reverse our policy, undo our work,
and overthrow the whole fabric of arduous ef
fort by making the negro more of a factor in
politics THAN HE IS TODAY!
How can the Bryanites make the negro more
of a factor in politics than he is today, without
endangering White Supremacy?
_ HOW CAN YOU INCREASE THE IM
PORTANCE OF THE NEGRO, POLITIC
ALLY, WITHOUT RUNNING INTO THE
DANGER OF NEGRO DOMINATION?
Does the South want to see the negro be
come a more powerful factor in politics? Does
the South want to see the negro become the
umpire of differences among the whites?
Look to it, Southern leaders! Look to it,
Vardaman, Tillman, Broward, Swanson, Glenn,
Comer and Folk.
What say you, Senator Culberson, of Texas?
—do you agree with Mr. Watterson that the
negro ought to become more of a political fac
tor than he is today?
The blight of Bryanism has wrought vast
evil in this republic, BUT THE WORST IS
YET TO COME.
Remember that Bryan was born and reared
in Illinois. Remember his prejudice against
the ex-Confederate soldiers. Remember that
his convention hissed the name of Robert E.
Lee.
Remember that he has never denied that he
sent his children to a mixed school where social
equality was practised.
Remember that he has not denied that, in a
local election, he voted for a negro against a
white man.
Remember that the negro Bishops who could
not get satisfaction from Taft, about Browns
ville and the negro troops,. WENT TO
BRYAN, TALKED WITH HIM, AND
CAME AWAY SATISFIED.
* *.
The Fruit of the Tree.
Congress levied a high tariff duty upon tin
plate to keep the foreigner from getting into
the American market with his cheap tin.
Every household in the Unitd States had
to pay a higher price for tin ware because the
American manufacturer wanted to be “protect
ed" from the competition of the foreigner.
Last week one of these tin plate Americans
died in Paris; his estate is valued at $30,000,-
000. That fortune was made by the law which
gave William B. Leeds the right to tax every
American home with artificial high prices. The
law shut out the foreign competition, gave
Leeds a monopoly, and his fortune followed as
a logical consequence.
Os course, Congress did not pass the law
in behalf of Leeds. Never! The law was
passed in behalf of the American laborer. But
Leeds got the $30,000,000 all the same.
HMM
* *
Hearst ’s Startling Discovery.
It will be remembered that William R.
Hearst was a Democratic member of Con
gress, just a couple of years ago. Likewise, a
strenuous candidate for the Democratic nomi
nation for President in 1904.
Likewise, the regular Democratic nominee
for Governor of New York in 1906.
When Bryan was the presidential nominee,
Mr. Hearst supported him, both in 1896 and
Jn'l9oo. When Parker was the nominee, the
Hearst papers came out for Parker. Nominal
ly, at least, Hearst was a Parker man through
out the campaign.
Considering all these things, we must as
sume that Mr. Hearst was well acquainted with
his party, its platforms, and its record. Yet it
now appears that he has made some startling
discoveries. In his scornful letter to the San
Francisco Club which expelled him, he scores
the dear old Democratic party, all along the
line, from 1908 back to 1892.
William R. rails at the Democratic party be
cause it stood for one thing in 1892, and an
other in 1896; for one thing in 1900, and an
other in 1904.
But did not Mr. Hearst know of this varia
ble democracy in 1904, when he was a candi
date for its highest honors? Did he not know
the record, when he became a Democratic Con
gressman? Has he learned anything new
about his party since he was its nominee for
Governor of New York, two years ago?
How can Mr. Hearst blame the Bryanites
for clinging to a party which he himself clung
to AS LONG AS HE HAD ANY HOPES
OF GETTING WHAT HE WANTED OUT
OF IT?
Mr. Hearst did not swipe the Populist plat
form and throw out his drag net for Populist
voters until the Democratic party refused lo
give him what he demanded for himself.
If he’s honest in his sudden conversion to
Populism, why did he not join our party and
take pot luck with us, instead of trying to
scoop us with his copyrighted, personally
owned Independence League?
M *• H
The Vermont Election.
The Democrats made no gains in the state
election which was held in Vermont last week.
The Republicans did not quite poll their us
ual majority, but it was overwhelming, as here
tofore.
There were nearly 60,000 ballots cast, in all;
and the great boodle-bluff party of Mr. Hearst,
after ever so much advertisement and boosting,
got less than 1,300 votes.
We are not surprised. The Hearst ready
made party, owned and financed by one man,
can never take root in a country like ours,