PAGE FOURTEEN
“LET’S SETTLE IT IN 1908.’’
By Dr. J. B. Cranfill, of the Associated Pro
hibition Press.
(The following survey of the present size
and importance of the National Prohibition
Issue graphically epitomizes the reasons why
in political strategy and irrepressible necessi
ty, the present year affords the most timely
opportunity for the united action of the too
long divided 5,000,000 prohibition voters of
America.
Every volunteer in the National Issue Move
ment should aid in circulating the data of this
article among all hopeful voters in his own
community.
The facts summarized below are a part of
the unanswerable argument for the immediate
organization of every election district in the
nation.
For full and latest particulars of the Na
tional Issue Movement, write Charles R.
Jones, Chairman, 92 La Salle St., Chicago.)
Most all of the so-called national issues that
have challenged the attention of the American
people have been either local or sectional.
This was of course not true of the primal is
sue upon which the founders of the Republic
so widely differed. There were at the begin
ning two classes of American statesmen. One
of these classes, represented by Alexander
Hamilton, believed in a strong centralized gov
ernment; while the other class had as their
leader, Thomas Jefferson, who championed the
principle afterward crystallized into the doc
trine of states’ rights. It is to be gravely
doubted whether this fundamental issue would,
have seriously disturbed the autonomy of the
states, if it had not been for the localization
of slavery in the Southern half of the United
States. The doctrine of state ’s rights took on
a new and more aggressive form when the
need arose for its application to the issue of
human slavery. While the question of slav
ery, at least in a sense, became a national is
sue, it remained in essence a sectional issue
until it was settled by the arbitrament of war.
We have had no national issue since, ex
cept the prohibition of the liquor traffic.
While the old political parties have sought to
pitch their campaigns upon the tariff and other
questions, they have all in reality been fought
upon the issue that preceded and followed the
Civil War.
Now on the eve of a national campaign the
Fortunes in Fig Orchards
Texas Figs are the World’s Fair Winners
The famous Fig Preserves made at Aldine, near Houston, are the finest and best known In the world. One important think which must
not be overlooked is, that the fig orchards here never fail to produce large profitable cron<4 On? Arm Qnt in c: an t i *
Both for $230, payable 10 dollars per month without interest, no payment when sick, clear warranty died in ease of death LoralL’ash mar
ket tor fruit Single crop pays for land and lot. Money back in 3 years with annual income for life Better than banks bonds or Hfe
insurance. If you want to enjoy life in South Texas under your own “vine and fla tree” or m.ko , amo ii tnan banks, bonds or life
for particular. AGENTS WANTED. ’ make a smal1 ’ 3afe ’ P™®*-™® investment, write
E. C. ROBERTSON, General Sales Manager, 316 Klam Bldg., HOUSTON, TEX.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
leaders of both Democratic and Republican
parties are at sea concerning an issue for the
present struggle.
Mr Bryan said, I believe, that he thinks the
issue will be the tariff. He does not really
know. Nobody knows.
The thing we do know is that the Republi
cans are in and want to stay in, and the Dem
ocrats are out and want to get in. That is
the only real issue between these two old par
ties, however much dust they may raise about
the tariff, the labor question, and other things
around which they group themselves in their
wild bid for votes.
The question of the prohibition of the liq
uor traffic is larger by far than w 7 as the ques
tion of human slavers 7 . Our forebears did not
think so. and hence they deferred the question
of the liquor traffic, which was even then cast
ing its deadly blight over all the land, and
took up the question of slavery. If it had
not been for the precipitation of the Civil
War, Abraham Lincoln would have been the
hero of the emancipation of our land from
the curse of drink. As it was, he took the only
course that a practical statesman can pursue,
and performed the duty which lay nearest
him.
The slavery issue was a great issue and de
manded a speedy settlement. It cost the flow
er of American manhood and untold treasure
to eradicate this foul blot from our glorious
South. If it had been a national instead of
a sectional issue, it can be scarcely doubted
that we would have had the question with us
still. It is so much easier for a man to be a
philanthropist when the cost of his philan
. thropy comes out of the other’s fellow’s pock
et that the Abolition party grew rapidly at the
North, while the Southern slave-holders found
it difficult to embrace a doctrine that was to
deprive them of their wealth and revenue.
In our present situation the liquor men and
liquor interests are not confined to any one
section of the country. They are everywhere.
The heart of liquordom is in the great cities
and it thus falls out that many of the de
scendants of the Northern Abolitionists are
dumb. For them to espouse the cause of pro
hibition would put them at cross purposes with
the commercial interests of their section.
But none of these things in any wise mini
mize the fact that the prohibition of the liq
uor traffic is the greatest issue our land has
ever known. Roundly speaking, there are in
the United States two hundred and fifty thou
sand saloons. When we add to these the brew-
eries, distilleries, and wholesale liquor houses,
we have greater vested interests than the
Southern ‘slave-holders held before the war.
There are, perhaps, directly and indirectly
connected with the liquor traffic, more than
two millions of men, and the annual expen
diture for intoxicating drinks by the people
of the United States reaches more than one
billion two hundred millions of dollars.
But this is not the most serious view of the
case. Great as it is, the financial equation of
the problem is but a trifle when compared
with the other questions involved. The sale
of linn nr causes seventy-five per cent of all
the crime known in our country; it is the one
constant and prolific source for pauperism,
profligacy and insanity; it destroys the very
bone and sinew of our laboring classes; it is
the source of the corruption of elections; it
seeks to control, and does control, legislatures,
congressmen, judges, United States senators,
and many newspapers; its tentacles are fast
ened upon every factor in our public and so
cial life, and it has reached out far enough to
gather into its slimy folds many who minister
at the sacred desk. When we consider the
question in all of its tragical aspects, it is
by far the greatest issue ever known in any
land.
wrMwW/F
CLOSE COMMUNION
With the FARMERS HOME
JOURNAL’S advertising col
umns will be to your advantage
if you have Horses, Cattle, Hogs,
Sheep, Poultry, Jacks, Mules,
Seed, Implements, Fanns, or any
thing ek;e for sale. For rates
and information, address
FARMERS HOME JOURNAL,
514 Third Street, LOUISVILLE, KY,