Circular Issued by the Bryanite Negroes
“In a Republic the Ballot is the Citizen’s
Most Powerful Weapon.” ‘‘A United
People is a Powerful People.”
Officers:
President, Rev. J. Milton Waldron, D.D.,
1334 V Street, N. W., Washington, D. C.
First Vice President. Gurley Brewer, Ind.
Second Vice President, Bishop Henry M.
Turner, D. D., LL.D., Georgia.
Third Vice President, Rev. Byron Gunner,
D.D., New York.
Fourth Vice President, Geo. FI. Woodson,
Esq., lowa.
Fifth Vice President, E. T. Moorris, Massa
chusetts.
Sixth Vice President, W. A. Hawkins, Esq.,
Maryland.
Recording Secretary, Rev. L. G. Jordan,
D.D., 726 West Walnut street, Louisville, Ky.
Assistant Recording Secretary, W. T. Fer
guson, Washington, D. C.
Corresponding Secretary, Wm. Monroe
Trotter, Esq., 21 Cornhill, Boston, Mass.
Financial Secretary, Rev. S. L. Corrothers,
D.D., 1517 6th St., NW., Washington, D. C.
Treasurer, Hon. Geo. H. White, 1428 Lom
bard Street, Philadelphia, Pa.
Sergeant-at-Arms, Granville T. Martin, New
York.
Executive Committee —Rev. J. Milton Wal
dron, D.D., D. C.; Bishop Alexa. Walters,
D. D., N. Y.; Rev. Geo. W. Lee, D.D., D. C.;
W. A. Hawkins, Esq., Md.; Hon. A. H.
Grimke, Mass.; Bishop J. S. Caldwell, Pa.;
Rev. Garnett R. Waller, D.D., Md.; Rev. E.
W. Moore, D.D., Pa.; Rev. E. L. Gilliam, D.D.,
0.; J. R. Clifford, Esq., W. Va.
Ex-officio members —Rev. L. G. Jordan, D.D.,
Ky.; Hon. Geo. H. White, Pa.; Rev. S. L. Cor
rothers, D.D., D. C.; W. T. Ferguson, N. Y.
National Organizer—Rev. W. H. Scott,
D.D., 18 Sherman Place, Woburn, Mass.
THE NATIONAL NEGRO AMERICAN PO
LITICAL LEAGUE, U. S. A.
Office of the President, 1334 V Street, North
west. Phone North 6564.
Washington, D. C., August 1, 1908.
Dear Comrade:
We are at a crisis in the history of our
race. For forty years we have been voting
solidly the Republican ticket. In return for
this support the party has given offices to a
few members of the race here and there, but
to every appeal we have made to the party for
our rights we have been told that the General
Government can do nothing and we must look
to the states in which we live for protection
and the right to vote. With the Republican
party in control of the Presidency and both
branches of Congress and the Supreme Court,
disfranchisement amendments to the South
ern Constitutions have been permitted, Jim-
Crow car laws have been enacted, the race has
been excluded from the ballot box in almost
every Southern state, the colored militia, com
panies in the South have been disbanded, ten
thousand Negroes —most of them innocent
have been lynched and thousands of our peo-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
pie are today held in peonage; and to make
bad matters worse, a Republican President
dismissed from the army without trial one hun
dred and sixty-seven brave and loyal Negro
soldiers in order to appease the wrath of cer
tain Negro haters, and by directon of this
same Republican President “Lily Whitism”
was indorsed by a Republican Convention at
Chicago and the loyal Colored Republicans
were given to understand that Mr. Roosevelt
intends to eliminate the Negro from polities
in the South, and the man whose life was
saved at San Juan Hill by the brave black sol
diers and who was elected by the Colored vote
went out of his way in several speeches and
in a State paper to brand our race as criminal
and vicious.
More than two-thirds of the delegates to
the Chicago Convention were office holders un
der Mr. Roosevelt and were his willing tools
in nominating Mr. William FI. Taft. In re
turn for this support Mr. Taft pledged him
self to carry out the policies of Mr. Roosevelt
and William H. Taft has repeatedly stated in
public that he favors the disfranchisement of
the Negro. To vote for Mr. Taft in the com
ing election is to cast a vote in favor of the
elimination of the race from politics and make
possible the disfranchisement of our people in
the North and West and to set the seal of ap
proval upon the outrage committed upon our
brave soldiers, and finally, to say to the world
that we are incapable of resenting an insult.
In six or eight Northern and Western states
the Negroes have sufficient power —if they
vote as a unit —to defeat the Republican par
ty next November and in this way convince
the leaders that our race will not support the
party unless it treats us with fairness and in
sures to us the enjoyment of all the rights
and privileges guaranteed under the Consti
tution. Every race except ours has used its
votes to improve its condition. We have until
the present blindly supported the Republican
party, notwithstanding the fact that it has
deserted us at every point.
THE NATIONAL NEGRO AMERICAN
POLITICAL LEAGUE was organized to help
our race make effective its protest against the
outrages heaped upon it by the Republican
party. And after a careful consideration we
have come to the conclusion that the time has
come when the race ought to be independent
in politics and vote for no party that will not
pledge to treat it with justice. The League
has been in communication for weeks with
Mr. Bryan and the leaders of his party and
they have assured us that they desire the sup
port of our people and if any number of them
vote for Mr. Bryan and he is successful they
will treat the Negro with fairness and give
him the proper recognition in the matter of
appointment to Federal positions and do what
ever else they can to see that he is given all
the rights guaranteed under the Constitution.
These things being true, we are advising our
people, in order to rebuke the Republican party
and bring it back to its original platform of
principles, to vote this year for Mr. Bryan;
and to those who do not care to vote for Mr.
Bryan, we say vote for any other candidate
for the presidency except William H. Taft.
Tn this advice, we are heartily endorsed by
thousands of leading men in all walks of life
among us and by tens of thousands of the
“common people” of our race. We must
bring the issues of the campaign and the facts
•of this letter to the attention of our people
throughout America. In order to do this, we
must employ at least twenty-five good cam
paign speakers, must hire clerks and type
writers, must have money for postage, print
ing, rent, etc.; and we must get our side of
the political question in the newspapers, and
this will require at least ten thousand dollars.
Will you not be one of the ten thousand man
ly and race-loving Negroes to give us one dol
lar for this purpose? When you send your
dollar, please send us the names and addresses
of five or ten members of the race whom you
know to be loyal and independent that we may
send them a copy of this letter. We will not
make public your contribution or use your
name in writing to the parties whose names
you send us without your permission.
The future of our people, politically and
every other way, is in your own hands. We
must act now and act as a unit or we shall
soon be serfs and slaves in the land of our
birth. Please give this letter your immediate
attention and send us a dollar at once to
help in the work we are doing for you and our
people throughout America.
Yours for the manhood and political rights
of the race.
J. MILTON WALDRON, President,
The National Negro American Political
League.
WM. MONROE TROTTER,
Correspon d ing Secret a ry.
(Signed)
The very distinguished Right Rev. J. Mil
ton Waldron is further quoted as saying:
“Every vote cast by a colored man for
William J. Bryan is one vote cast for the
manhood and political rights of the negro
race, and two votes against William H. Taft
and the Roosevelt policies.”
This was the keynote of a speech, in which
the speaker, continuing, said:
“Every vote cast by a colored man for the
Socialist, the Independence League, or Pro
hibition party is one vote cast for the man
hood and political rights of the race and a half
vote cast against William FI. Taft and the
Roosevelt policies.”
The speaker said that within a short time
the league would have in the field 100 speak
ers to address negroes throughout the country,
and that literature to the amount of a ton
a day would be sent out.
“The colored people in this country are at
a crisis in their history. They are disfran
chised in twelve states in the union. The
party that saved the union and liberated the
(Continued to Page Seven.)
PAGE THREE