APITAL punishment, like
prohibition, is a question
about which most persons
have pondered seriously,
but upon which society
seems unable to reach any
general agreement. The
legan execution of Mary
Farmer, in New York, has
sent a shock through the civilized
world, however, which places the
question with singular insistence upon
the individual conscience, and with
particular clearness, since the crime
for which she was legally murdered
was so cold-blooded as to afford no
slenderest room for sympathy.
Considering the law as it stands
and considering the circumstance as
appeared during the trial, perhaps
Governor Hughes is not censurable in
that he ,refused to pardon her.
The fact that she was a woman is in
deed a weak and maudlin appeal, when
her victim was likewise a woman —and
one who, as good neighbor, kindly
friend, had never harmed her.
To make women criminals a favored
class, as against women victims, would
be chivalry gone mad.
Nevertheless, the thing was sicken
ing, and if Gov. Hughes had taken a
stand against the horrible spectacle,
and not for Mrs. Farmer personally,
it would have been more to his credit.
No sensitive man or woman, familiar
with the ease, but that really suffered
at the spectacle. Certainly society
was punished with Mrs. Farmer,
assuredly it winced at her 11 electro
cution/ ’ the polite term that glosses
over the crude barbarity of the means
employed for doing her to death. But
is it conceivable that anywhere in the
length and breadth of the land there
is an embryo murderer or murderess
who has been deterred from some con
templated crime, because of the fail
ure of Mary Farmer to escape pun
ishment 1 ?
I do not believe it. Students of
criminology have made too plain the
childishness of the criminal mind.
Such minds are too dull to realize
that a superior intelligence could un
earth their wrong-doing with com
parative ease. They never dream
they could be suspected. They are so
stupid, their cunning is so animal,
they arrange no way of escape in
case of disaster. A fog is upon their
brains, a clog upon their feet.
Surely it were better to provide a
place of perpetual incarceration for
such creatures. In the wide, sweet,
free world, surely it could harm no
one that they were shut up within
stone walls, droning through the only
kind of existence they are, after all,
fitted for, and which could be made
through their own labor, inexpensive
to the government.
I, for one, hope that the time is
not far distant when a life sentence,
or what from the age of the criminal
would be equivalent thereto, may be
reserved for murderers and those
guilty of things as heinous as murder.
The reason, indubitably, that the
Law seeks blood is because the law is
yet, for minor offenses, terribly se
vere. To blot the sunshine out of the
life of any human being during long,
long years, for the majority of torts
Under The Vine and Tig Tree
Conducted by Grace Kirkland
committed, —petty thefts, etc., is so
obviously inhuman it seems incredi
ble the custom could be tolerated until
this day. We are so deficient in
imagination that we don’t realize
what it means to take a husband and
father from his home for five, ten,
twenty years, leaving his family desti
tute, perhaps, because he has in a
moment of weakness yielded to some
temptation.
We haven’t yet learned the hideous
jest it is to “pardon” that man when,
after irreparable suffering, his inno
cence may be proved.
We haven’t yet learned that, after
ell, the judge sentencing offenders is
generally guided more by his own
state at the moment than by the enor
mity of the crime, and the simple
physiological difference between a
good meal and an empty stomach may
be the difference between humanity
and savagery.
If we could wake up these things,
we would reform, our first offenders,
protect society, lighten the barbarous
severity of many sentences, and we
would hear less shrieks for more
hangings.
When a Christian paper, like the
Presbyterian Standard, voices the fol
lowing brutal sentiments, it is time to
consider. After prefacing their re
marks by an “at the risk of seeming
savage,” they go on to say:
“Apart from the Gospel, nothing
would work more for the salvation of
the country than a goodly number of
well-conducted, well-considered, and
well-timed hangings. Be it under
stood that we want no hangings by
mobs, made up for the most part of
brutal ruffians; nor are we particu
larly concerned about the hanging of
poor, ignorant negroes who have
niether friends nor money to inter
pose in their behalf. The kind of
hanging that would do good is where
a capital offense is clearly proven
against a man of some standing, who
has money, and who has employed
shrewd and unscrupulous lawyers to
exercise their talents to the utmost to
defeat the ends of justice. There are
plenty of opportunities for such hang
ings, opportunities that are going to
waste. Opportunities of this kind are
afforded by men who have killed their
wives, killed them with circumstances
of aggravated cruelty; and by men
who tote a pistol around to defend
their honor, and who have killed men
to avenge a petty insult.
“We believe in capital punishment
because we believe in the Bible. That
old book speaks out in no uncertain
sound: ‘Whoso killeth any person,
the murderer shall be slain at the
mouth of witnesses. Moreover, ye
shall take no ransom for the life of
a murderer that is guilty of death;
but he shall surely be put to death.’
That is plain enough, but that is not
the end of the matter. God proposes
to have a reckoning with those who
trifle with that requirement. ‘So ye
shall not pollute the land wherein ye
are; for blood it polluteth the land;
and no expiation can be made for the
land, for the blood that is shed there
in, but by the blood of him that shed
it.’ We verily believe that God has
a controversy with our land because
Tsb«- 3ftffe»sonian
it is polluted by the blood that has
been shed therein for which no expia
tion has been made. Let us have some
hangings that will mean something,
that will make the man who is capa
ble of taking the life of his fellow,
think seriously about how it would
feel to have a halter around his neck
and his feet dangling in the air with
no support in reach. Such seeming
cruelty will be a great mercy toward
the innocent.”
It is just the class of men they
want hanged, who wouldn’t care a
hang for the hanging. No matter how
tempestuous, how inflamed they might
be, there is still, with the educated,
intelligent slayer a certain diabolical
Don’t Care, which would make the
noose negligible.
But how he would FEAR a life im
prisonment! The hope of pardon
would scarcely palliate the fear, and
the pardoning power could be curbed
by public sentiment against its weak
or venal employment.
The fear of death is growing so
slight, after all, that the churches are
even now talking of changing their at
titude toward the suicide, some modifi
cation being apparently unavoidable.
But the fear of being penned up, of
being restricted in every liberty dear
to the healthy creature, is one that
can never cease to be effective. The
more reckless and fiery, the harder
would such punishment be to endure,
the more the thought of it would in
terpose between premeditations of a
crime and its commission.
Patrick, the slayer of the aged mil
lionaire, Rice, has had his share of
imprisonment already. He would pre
fer death. And so would all men or
women in whose veins courses the
red blood that desires activity.
Until people are perfect, crime we
will have with us, but the problem of
expiation need not be solved after
the reeking methods of the ancient
East, nor, indeed of the modern, which
still believes in “exoculation,” or
gouging out the eyes, and various
other forms of sickening dismember
ment, presumably fitting the crime.
The Ten Commandments say, very
plainly, “Thou shalt not kill.” And
doesn’t modify this by any clause
excepting the sheriff or headsman.
You may destroy property, and re
store it; health, and nurse it back;
reputation, and rehabilitate it, but life
is the one thing that departs forever,
and he who takes it, legally or other
wise, must sweat the blood of remorse
in vain.
FOREIGN MISSIONS.
Since we have been asked to give
our views on. the foreign mission ques
tion let me say, please, that I was
glad, very glad, when I saw that Mr.
Watson had begun to give the meth
ods used in carrying on foreign mis
sions an airing. I had wished for a
long time that some one would do it,
and I had thought that perhaps Mr.
Watson would be the one. It seems
that he is about the only great Ameri
can living now, who is courageous
enough to tell the truth about any and
everything.
Most surely I believe in preaching
the Gospel to the heathen. Most glad
ly would I give some of the money
that I make to send the message of
the Nazarene to those who have heard
it not, but not one penny would I
give to get them to pretend that they
believe it.
I support the foreign mission board
of my church with the little that I can
give because I want to give to mis
sions, and not because I endorse its
methods.
They tell us that the hospital, the
medical dispensary, the commissary,
the school and the college make up
what the missionaries call their “en
tering wedge.” Has the religion of
the Christ lost its vital, attracting,
life-saving, life-giving power and be
come a mere material quantity that
has to be propped and bolstered up
to make it go? Or have men so
wrapped up the Word in their own
schemes and devices until those who
are looking to them for guidance
scarcely ever catch a glimpse of
truth?
James H. McConkey says that in
the Church of today we “hear the
clang of much machinery, but not the
rushing, mighty wind.”
Are there no longer those on the
earth who would follow Him because
He is the Christ? Those who follow
only for the loaves and fishes are not
worth spending any money upon.
I have often thought of the injus
tice and inconsistency we exercise in
sending our money to clothe, feed and
educate the Chinese, Japanese, the
Hindoos, etc., when there are so many
hoys and girls growing up in the
slums and factories of the cities, and
as tenants and “half-croppers” on
our farms who, with their present sur
roundings, never can grow into de
sirable citizens. Many of them have
absolutely no opportunity for im
provement, and even if such an op
portunity should come to them, the
unceasing toil and ever-present pov
erty of their lives have usually so
dulled and hardened them by the time
they are ten or twelve yeads old, until
they are perfectly listless and indif
ferent.
I heard a Christian gentleman say
not long since that it was getting to
be embarrassing to a poor man to be
long to the church. Preachers are
judged these days by their ability to
tfaise money. One who can’t get his
church to contribute great amounts
to missions, colleges, and so on, isn't
considered worth counting. The
preachers have realized this, and some
of them have become almost frantic
in their efforts to make or sustain a
reputation.
It takes a person with a level head
and good sense —one who does his own
thinking—to keep his self-respect un
der the avalanche of denunciations
that some preachers and denomina
tional papers heap upon you, if you
can not give money to missions and
colleges and preachers’ salaries like
they want you to. I think that
preachers should use some common
sense in their appeals for money, and
I think that the burden of raising it
should be put where it belongs. Not
long since I heard a preacher begging
and urging a congregation for money
PAGE THIRTEEN