PAGE EIGHT
dje Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.,January It, 1907, as second class mail matter
2
ATLANTA, GA., APRIL 8, 1909.
Conservative Socialism.
The Appeal to Reason, the Socialist weekly,
asks its friends whether the paper must sus
pend. For the first time in fifteen years, it
has heavily lost in subscriptions, for eight con
secutive weeks. The expenses are exceeding
the income, by SI,OOO per week. J. A. Way
land, the founder of the Appeal, plainly warns
his following that unless they buckle to, and
make extraordinary exertions, the paper must
go down.
We regard this distress of the Appeal as a
significant sign of the trend of thought. For
several years, Mr. Way land’s paper has not
made any appeal to reason. It has appealed
to passion and prejudice and ignorance. It
has resorted to furious and senseless vilifica
tion of every public man who dared to
combat the extravagances of radical Social
ism. It has not dealt in educational propo
ganda at all. On the contrary, its purpose
lias been to intensify class-hatred, and to pre
pare the “Have Nots” for indiscriminate war
against the holders of property.
The Appeal reached its high-water mark
with the climax of the Moyer-Haywood trials.
It hung in the balance, during the Debs cam
paign of last year. Then, when the Socialist
vote displayed no increase, the slump began.
We have no doubt that every other leading
organ of radical Socialism, in this country,
has suffered the same loss in patronage which
causes the Appeal to speak of suspension.
The sober, simple truth is that Socialism
has got the coulter set too deep. That plough
would stall any horse.
(1) Radical Socialism demands the aboli
tion of the Senate.
This demand, if conceded, would revolu
tionize our system, destroy the check which
the small states have on the large ones, and
would enable such populous states as New
York, Pennsylvania and Ohio to exert en
tirely too much power over national affairs.
(2) Radical Socialism demands not only
that the government shall lend money to
states and municipalities for the purpose of
carrying on public works, but that “ it shall
contribute to the funds of labor organizations
for the purpose of assisting their unemployed
members.”
The latter part as this “plank” is preposter
ous.
(3) Radical Socialism demands the collec
tive ownership of land.
And that is mere tommyrot. Barbarism and
community of land go together; separate and
private ownership had to be recognized, as
a necessary incentive to improvement and
progress.
Now, if the Socialists would re-set the coul
ter, and not try to plow so impossibly deep,
all the principles of Populism and Jeffersoni
anism might get with the Conservative So
cialists and do something.
We have studied their platform, and be
lieve that, with the exceptions mentioned, we
might sink the differences of creed in the com
mon purpose to overthrow Special Privilege.
■Ch* “Seffersonlan
Senator *Bacon and the Lumber Trust.
We regret that the senior Senator from
Georgia has taken sides with the Lumber
Trust against the tens of thousands of men,
(town and country, well-to-do and poor,) who
must purchase scantling, framing, plank,
boards and shingles to build or repair fences,
bridges, outhouses or dwellings.
Everybody knows how the Lumber Trust
had about doubled the price of lumber within
the last few years. Everybody knows how
this has hurt the many who are compelled to
buy the product of the mills, and how it has
enriched the few who own big mills.
On the plausible pretext that the lumber in
dustry is Southern, Senator Bacon and others
are clamoring against the reduction of the
Tariff on lumber to $i per thousand feet.
They are demanding a duty of $2 per thou
sand feet.
Senator Bacon is bound to know that this
will mean millions of unjust profit to the Lum
ber Trust. He is bound to know that the
plain people of the South, and of other sec
tions, who buy the product of the mills, will
have to furnish those unjust profits.
To add to the wealth of one big lumber
company, Senator Bacon proposes to put a
heavy tax on thousands of merchants, mechan
ics and farmers who are compelled to buy lum
ber. To add to the profits of the Lumber
Trust, he proposes to make it harder for tens
of thousands of other citizens to build homes
and to repair those that are already built.
Is this right?
We are astonished at Senator Bacon. We
had hoped that he would do all in his power
to put lumber on the free list. There is where
it ought to be. No Tariff tax whatever should
be placed upon such an article of prime and
universal necessity.
* *
A Sample Plaint: brother Pruitt's
Appeal.
The Jeffersonian has received the following
letter, by due course of mail:
101 Clayton St., Macon, Ga., March 19, 1909.
Hon. Thomas Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Brother: I have been twenty-seven years in
China, and may be excused for being deeply inter
ested in that great country. While I am in the
homeland my chief work is to get the churches to
share with me this interest in China. I believe
my Lord is interested in that country. I went out
to engage in this work just to please Him, and
great joy has attended my pathway there. I fear
that our contributions are going to fall short this
year, but I hope by extra effort such a falling off
may be prevented. A deficit on April 30 th would
mean a great loss to our work.
1. Just think of the needs of thirty millions of
people in the province where I am one of but few
missionaries. We need more missionaries at once.
2. Think of the need of the Theological Sem
inary, where we are training Chinese to go out
and preach the gospel to their own people. This
is the only hope of giving the gospel to the Chinese
people as a whole. Such institutions are needed in
China far more than in America. This is also
the shortest road to a well established, self-support
ing work among them.
3. Think of the work of Medical Missions. Con
sider the tremendous opportunity among the 10,000
and more patients Dr. Ayers had in 1907 and the
12,000 and more he had last year. He alone is
doing a work for the souls and bodies of men that
is worth more than all our North China Mission
costs. Then think of the doors opened by Medical
Missions —doors to hearts, to homes and even city
gates.
4. Think, again, of the beautiful and Christ-like
work of our Sisters among the down-trodden, ignor
ant and suffering women of China. Missions is the
only hope of the* Chinese women.
5. Then think of our dear Lord, who came
from heaven to earth to save a lost world. He bids
us preach his gospel to all nations. I plead with
you in his name and for his sake to act at once.
Fraternally and affectionately yours,
C. W. PRUITT.
We do not, at this moment, recall Brother
Pruitt, but we are glad to hear from him, nev
ertheless. As he has been in China 27 years,
our well-known enthusiasm for foreign mis
sions, as now conducted, must have traveled
rapidly, else Brother Pruitt would not have
felt encouraged to solicit a contribution.
We dearly love to read such expressions of
placid faith as this, “I believe my Lord is in
terested in that country.”
Why should our Lord be particularly inter
ested in China? Isn’t it somewhat blasphe
mous to intimate that there are some countries
which do not interest the Almighty ?
(1) Brother Pruitt asks us to “just think of
the needs of 30,000,000 people in the province
where I am one of the few missionaries. We
need more missionaries at once.”
If that be the case, Brother Pruitt, how
could you have the heart to come away ? Why
didn’t you “stay put”? When we “just think
of the 30,000,000 people,” —as you ask us to
do, —and then reflect that you have left them
to the tender mercies of heathen wolves, we
shudder at the contemplation of possible con
sequences. Brother Pruitt, you should hurry
back to China by the next steamer.
(2) “Think of the need of the Theological
Seminary where we are training the Chinese,
etc.”
Well, we do. And what we think is this: if
China is never saved until Theological Semi
naries do the work, she is doomed. Christ did
not found any Theological Seminaries. Nor
did any of His disciples establish any. Nor
did Paul. The wonderfully rapid spread of the
Gospel, in the early eras of Christianity, was
the work of zealous apostles who had never
heard of a Theological Seminary. If ever the
time comes when the religion of Jesus Christ
must draw its inspiration from Theological
Seminaries, a reign of mental and spiritual
darkness will set in.
(3) “Think of the Medical Missions.”
We do, Brother Pruitt, we do. If Dr. Ayers
gave free treatment to 10,000 Chinamen in
1907, «and 12,000 in 1908, he certainly must
have been kept pretty busy. But suppose a
Mohammedan or Buddhist “Medicine Man”
should open a free hospital in Chicago, New
York or Philadelphia—don’t you suppose that
he would do a rushing business? Many a poor
wretch would be rejoiced to get the benefit of
the comfort, the food, the medicine, the skilful
treatment of this heathen hospital, and would
be easily persuaded to express himself kindly
toward a religion which came to him with such
substantial blessings.
(4) “Think again of tl;e Christ-like work of
our Sisters among the down-trodden women
of China.”
What is meant, exactly, by the words “down
trodden women of China”? How are they
trodden-down, and who are the treaders-down?
Give us the facts, Brother Pruitt.
In China, are there as many women slaving
out their lives, in sweat-shops, department
stores, and cotton mills, as there are in the
United States?
In China do they offer a poor girl a wage of
five dollars a week and reply to her complaint,
that it is not enough to live on, by cynically
suggesting that she get a gentleman friend to
help her?
In China, is there a widely-spread, systema
tized traffic in girls and women, for immoral
purposes,—a White Slave traffic so great and
so hideous as to cause a Chief of Police, like
Bingham of New York, to declare that it is
enough to break one’s heart?
In China, does every day’s newspaper con
tain an account of some rape, some kidnapping,
some mysterious disappearance of a white wo
man ?
In China, have they anything like the per-