PAGE TWELVE
Georgia Affairs: Port Rates and —
(Concluded from Page 9)
been paid to get valuable advantages for a
few big firms in Atlanta. He stood out for
these. He was opposed to the general reduc
tion of rates that would have benefited the
whole State.
That was in 1904-5. At that time, Mr.
Hoke Smith had no idea of running for Gov
ernor. At that time Pope Brown was the re
form candidate. A few months later, Pope
had been “tricked”, and Mr. Hoke Smith was,
somewhat awkwardly, wearing a brand new
suit of political garments which had been cut
out for somebody else.
Then, and not till then, did Mr. Smith’s de
mand for port rates, beneficial to the State at
large, sound, resound, echo and reverberate
from the two ends to the middle, —carrying
Mr. Smith and his jubilating cohorts to Pen
dleton’s own village, where the fervid Macon
Platform was brought forth.
In dealing with the railroads, Mr. Smith’s
Macon Platform was fierce. It breathed de
fiance and hurled thunderbolts.
“We demand the immediate leveling of in
tra-State rates to the yielding of no more than
a reasonable return on the money invested”,
etc.
“We demand the immediate repeal of all
preferential rates”, etc.
“We demand that the Railroad Commission
of Georgia shall take immediate action upon
these important matters”, etc.
“We call special attention to the immediate
necessity for a reduction of rates from our
seaports to and from all interior points”, etc.
“We condemn these excessive and discrimi
nating port rates as unjust, and we demand
the immediate righting of these wrongs by
the Railroad Commission”. And so on.
Could words be more emphatic? Could
promises be more explicit? Could a plan of
action be mapped out more plainly, more
definitely ?
But these were words, —nothing but idle,
frothy, deceptive words. Mr. Hoke .Smith
had not undergone any real change of heart.
He was not in favor of a general horizontal
reduction of seaport rates any more than he
had been when he spurned the “Griffin propo
sition” of 1904-5.
Why do I say so? Because there is no other
explanation under heaven that explains why
Governor Hoke Smith did nothing whatso
ever to carry out his campaign and platform
pledges.
By August, 1907, he had his new Corpora
tions law; he had his new Commission of
five; he had his rate expert, and his Commis
sion attorney: he had got all that he asked for
in the way of tools to work with. WHY
DIDN'T HE DO THE WORK? WHY
WAN IT THAT HE DID NOT EVEN
TRY? Why was it that seaport rates did not
seem to enter his thoughts?
When Clark Howell got after him in 1909,
it was already too late for Governor Smith
himself to complete the job of making an ex
amination and general reduction of seaport
rates. But at the time when the Jeffersonian
reminded him of this unredeemed pledge and
urged him to begin the work it was not too
late.
In the summer and fall of 1907, I did my
best to get Governor Smith to take up the
matter of reducing these unjust rates which
we had each denounced and on which the Ma
con platform demanded immediate action. In
the beginning of 1908, I was still using my
utmost power to awaken Governor Smith and
Commissioner McLendon. The files of this
paper show it.
Why would Governor Smith pay no atten
tion? Why did he say nothing and write
nothing to his Commission? Why was it ut
terly impossible to move him on the subject of
those seaport rates?
"When he woke up, at last, at Clark How
ell’s prodding, he didn’t do a blessed thing
Jeffersonian
for the port rates promised in his platform.
What he did was in favor of those special fa
vors for Atlanta which the Railroad Commis
sin had already thrice refused, unanimously.
How, then, could any champion of Mr. Hoke
Smith prove to an impartial tribunal that he
ever did favor port rates, as per his speeches
and platform?
These champions could do no more than
produce words, while I have produced action
and non-action which speak louder than
words.
He got the chance to do the work; he got
the machinery to work with; he chose his own
tools; and he did not even try to do the work.
When I first began to urge Governor Smith
about this matter, I was his personal and po
litical friend. More than that, I was his ally.
Having gone through an arduous campaign
with him, I had but one thing to ask of him,
and that was that he should keep faith. “Do
what you promised to do, or do all that is in
your power towards it,” —that was my re
quest of the man that I had helped to be
come Governor.
From the time of the adjournment of the
Legislature in July, 1907, the Jeffersonian
constantly kept before Governor Smith the
matter of those unredeemed pledges,—fre
quently mentioning McLendon and the
freight rate promises. These were the unjust
burdens of the people which, according to the
Macon Platform, THE RAILROAD COM
MISSION WAS TO IMMEDIATELY IN
VESTIGATE AND REDUCE.
Why wouldn’t Governor Smith do some
thing, when his friend and ally was so im
portunate, and when there was ample time to
deal with the whole question ?
Having removed McLendon for deciding
the Atlanta case as it had been decided three
times before; having begun a prosecution of
him for something altogether different; and
having been challenged to meet McLendon in
a case of impeachment, Mr. Hoke Smith ob
jects, through his paper, on’ the ground that
such a trial would be too expensive to the
State!
His tender regard for the State’s finances
kept him from calling an extra session in
1907, but did not deter him in 1908; causes
him to shrink from an impeachment of the
roller-chair invalid, —the pallid, blighted suf
ferer whom he yet had the spunk to kick out
of office, —but does not prevent his demanding
that the enormous and unnecessary addition
to the cost of the Railroad Commission shall
remain as he fixed it.
Nor does it deter him from making, in his
paper, a most energetic opposition to the pro
posal to increase the State’s revenues by im
posing more taxes on such Northern marau
ders as the Standard Oil Company, the Har
vester Trust, the New York and New Eng
land Insurance Companies, the Express, Tele
graph and Railroad Companies, etc., which
are taking innumerable millions of dollars out
of this Commonwealth!
Study the varying phases of these irrecon
ciliable differences of position, and you will
see the playing of a double game. The game
has been clumsily played, but the player
can’t help that. It’s away he has.
® ® ®]
Mr. Moss and Coca-Cola
We rejoice in the spunk of the legislator
who has begun a fight on Coca-Cola in Geor
gia. That a State which has driven John
Barleycorn to the tall timber should patiently
tolerate a more deadly foe to our future, is
passing strange.
The ravages of Coca-Cola are greater and
more far-reaching than whiskey. The habit
in the case of the drug is harder to throw off
than that of alcohol.
A man may get drunk once, and never
again. Or he may be a toper for years, and
then quit for good. Even confirmed wine
drinkers may go through life without ever
having been intoxicated: the same quantity
will satisfy them day after day.
In the ante-bellum period, thousands of
“Southern gentlemen” took their three drinks,
regularly, every day, and never more than
three. In Scotland, the “night-cap” was in
winter a necessary part of the process of go
ing to bed, —the hot toddy being the daily
custom of men who never touched whiskey at
any other time.
But when did anybody ever start to drink
ing Coca-Cola and then easily quit? Who
that takes three drinks per day will be able
to keep the limit there? When the habit is
formed, how is it to be shaken off ?
One of the considerations which adds to the
enormous sums paid for “territory” is, that
when once the Coca-Cola dealer sells a bottle,
he has got a That man, or that
woman is dead sure to come again, and keep
on coming.
In the Report of the Homes Commission
appointed by President Roosevelt, Coca-Cola
is included in the list of harmful drinks.
We hope that Mr. Moss will fortify him
self with facts showing the havoc caused by
this poisonous tipple—a drink which shatters
the nervous system, ruins the stomach, impairs
the brain and undermines the morals of its
victims.
® ® ®
Brother Clark Whacks Watson
I suppose that Editor Chadwick of the Ala
bama Christian Advocate knows his business;
but, somehow or other, I can’t escape the im
pression that the cause of Christ is not bene
fited greatly by the publication of certain
communications which appear in his paper.
Take that letter of Rev. R. M. Archibald as
an example,—does the circulation of such
clerical writings tend to increase the respect
of the common people for their spiritual
guides ? Men like Brother Archibald ought to
delight in setting a good example. They are
expected to be patient, forbearing, kind and
charitable. Where their sense of Christian
duty compels them to correct a publican and
sinner like me, they should do it lovingly,—
striving to win me to the truth, as they see it,
by facts which cannot be questioned and rea
sonings which convince.
It is not nice oi the ministers of the Gospel
to indulge in personalities and abuse.
If Mr. Archibald differed from me on the
question under discussion, that was all right,
—the world is wide enough to give us separate
paths; but was it Christ-like in him to insin
uate that, had I been in possession of the mis
sionary funds, I would have stolen them?
Did the Alabama Christian Advocate ad
vance the cause of Christianity when it print
ed a letter which contained substantially the
same obscene allusion which compelled Con
gressman Joe Cannon to slink oft into retire
ment until his offense could be forgotten?
No man has a higher respect for the right
type of clergyman than I have always had.
The dear old teacher who first lit the flames
of deathless ambition within me was a Baptist
minister. Some of my truest, best loved
friends are Methodist preachers. The trustee
whom I have named in my will to look after
the interests of my grandchildren, when I
shall have crossed the river, is a Baptist
preacher, one of nature’s noblemen.
Surely, then, no one can truthfully say that
I have any prejudice against “the Cloth”. The
right type of preacher, doing the right work
in the right spirit, is of the salt of the earth, —
bringing balm to wounded souls, sympathy to
the forlorn, inspiration to the discouraged,
light to those that dwell in darkness, hope to
the bowed and bent and broken.
And should one of these preachers take a
hand in the discussion of foreign missions,
you will read something which will be as dif
ferent in tone and spirit from the Archibald
and Norton letters as health is from disease.
Now, I come to Brother J. F. Clark, of
Cleveland, Alabama, who blazed away last