PAGE EIGHT
d)e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. 14 Sept. 30, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in mtney orders
er exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Dr. Felton Dead
An orator of the first class: a constructive
statesman: a pure-minded and high-minded
man: he soared above the storm as the eagle
does: lie yearned passionately to serve his
people: he never held an office that he did not
adorn, and never had an opportunity to do
good for the public that he did not fill with
fruit-bearing work: he was cast aside be
cause he did not bow to every idol of the
market-place, did not bend his neck to every
yoke that smaller men wanted him to bear.
A whole generation has come and gone,
during the long afternoon in which William
IT. Felton sat at his hearthstone in isolation,
sadness, amid heart-eating memories.
At length, the prisoner is free. At length
the Outlaw can join the kindred spirits of the
other outlaws who stole fire from the heavens,
for the benefit of benighted mankind, and
reaped the bitter reward of ingratitude that
gnaws and gnaws the vitals.
Farewell, old soldier! The Great Com
mander never had a faithfuller standard
bearer than you. No flag was ever dipped to
the foe, while you held it; and never once did
you say to triumphant Wrong, “I surrender.”
You had fought a good fight: your day
was over; you were tired and in pain: you
have fallen on sleep and are at rest. Peace
to your great and fearless soul.
m x x
Doctors Wakefield and Corey
Rev. Dr. Steven J. Corey is one of the high
officials of the Board of Foreign Missions.
Dr. Paul Wakefield is a worker under the
Board. Dr. Corey w rote me a stiff little com
munication, to the effect that Dr. Paul was
going to deny the report of his Crawfords
ville lecture, and the denial came along short
ly afterwards.
Dr. Wakefield was in Crawfordsville, Ind.,
on the night of June 22, 1909.
There are two Crawfordsville papers, dai
lies, and each of them reported Wakefield, in
substantially the same way. Dr. John N.
Taylor has been good enough to send me both
of these reports.
The Crawfordsville Journal of June 23,
1909, lias, on its front page, last column, a big
headline:
“DR. WAKEFIELD FIRES HOT SHOT.”
Then, in small capitals, came three more
headlines:
“ RETURN ED MISSIONARY FROM FAR EAST
SAYS YOUNG GIRLS HAVE NO BUSINESS.”
And, below 7 this, larger letters are used for
another big headline :
“TO ACT AS MISSION WORKERS.”
Now, these very captions, occupying about
4 inches of space, indicate what the manag
ing editor considered the most sensational
feature of the Wakefield lecture.
The very first w ords of the report relate to
Xsl)e. 'Jeffersonian
the Elsie Sigel case. The closing sentence of
the second paragraph is:
“We missionaries have known this for a long time
and were not surprised when we heard of Eisie Sigel’s
tragic fate.”
What was it that “we missionaries have
known for a long time”?
Here are Wakefield’s own words:
“The young girl missionary has no business trying
to convert the Chinaman.”
Why not?
According to Wakefield, as reported in the
paper, “because the Chinaman cannot and
does not have the proper respect for women.”
Now, how could anyone make statements
to the reverse of the foregoing, as Wakefield
declares he did, and be fearfully misunder
stood ? The tone of the report is exceedingly
friendly to the young missionary, and there
is no conceivable motive prompting a falsifi
cation of his words.
The Crawfordsville Review, of June 23,
1909, also reports the lecture, on its first page.
There is the big headline:
“WOMEN CAN NEVER CONVERT CHINAMEN.”
Then comes the smaller caption, in capital
letters:
“Dr. Paul Wakefield, medical missionary in China,
talks of Sigel tragedy.”
Then conies a larger headline:
“MURDER CARRIES LESSON.”
Then follows the last portion of the head
ings which precede the report of the lecture:
“Missionaries have learned American women can’t
Christianize Chinese men.”
The very first sentence below the various
“Scare” heads, is this:
“ ‘Those American missionaries who know the char
acter of Chinese men, and who know that they cannot
be converted to Christianity by American or any other
women, were not surpriseci to learn of the murder of
Miss Elsie Sigel, the missionary in Chinatown, New
York,’ declared Dr. Paul Wakefield, of China, in his
lecture Tuesday night at the Christian church.”
Then followed such sentences as:
“No woman missionary can Christianize a Chinese
man. For centuries and centuries, the men of China
have had such a low estimate of women that they now
can hardly respect her.”
The Review says:
“Dr. Wakefield came to the Christian church here,
under the auspices of the Foreign Board of Missions.”
(Oh, ho! Now you can understand why he
took to the bushes so quickly when Dr. Corey,
Secretary of the Board, got after him.)
The reporter of the Cradfordsville Review
is Mr. Clifford Peterson. The minister’s wife
communicated to him the information over
the telephone.
How is it possible to believe that this
Christian woman, who no doubt had a hand
in getting Wakefield to deliver the lecture
in her husband’s church, could either have
misunderstood or misrepresented such re
markable statements as those published next
morning ?
The reporter of the Journal is Mr. Charles
Bowers. He says that Dr. Wakefield sent for
him, and that, at Wakefield’s request, he went
to Wakefield’s lodgings. He says that Wake
field, of his own motion and without any so
licitation on the reporter’s part, poured into
his ears the statement which was published
in the paper. Mr. Bowers says, furthermore,
that he could not print all that Wakefield
told him, because of the obscene terms em
ployed by Wakefield in communicating to the
reporter what he knew about existing condi
tions in mission work.
Mr. Bowers further declares that the in
terview took place the day previous to the
delivery of the address.
Mr. Bowers says that neither Dr. Wake
field nor any of the friends of that gentle
man, —many of whom heard the lecture and
read the report, —complained of it.
So you see how it was. This young mis
sionary, eager to have his address reported in
the papers, took the precaution to send for
one of the reporters and load him up with
what he was going to say, the day before he
said it!
Don’t you know that he read the report
which he was so keen to have Mr. Bowers
make? Don’t you know that the reporter
could not have misunderstood what was be
ing said to him in private conversation?
Don’t you know that both papers could not
have erred so egregiously about facts so ex
traordinary? One reporter gets his report
from Wakefield, before the lecture: the other
from the minister’s wife (Mrs. Mansell) im
mediately after the lecture: in all essentials
the two reports correspond. How could such
a thing happen, if Wakefield delivered no
lecture of that kind?
Yet he and his boss, Dr. Corey, expect you
to take his unsupported word, in preference
to all these facts and circumstances!
Why doesn’t he produce some affidavits,
made by members of the audience that heard
the lecture?
Will he do it? No. Why? Because he
said the very things he was reported to have
said, and he dares not appeal to Mrs. Man
sell, to the two reporters, or to the scores of
people who heard the lecture.
And some of the language used by Dr.
Wakefield, in the private conversation with
Mr. Bowers, was too obscene to print! ! !
What about it, Dr. Corey ?
x x xi
What? In Maryland?
The People’s Party never amounted to
much in the State of Gorman and Bonaparte.
The dear old Pot and the precious old Kettle
managed things, alternately and irresistibly,
by the simple process and gentle art of call
ing each other black.
In this country, the bossing and plunder
ing of the people by that beautifully simple
method, is a Fine Art, —about the only one
we’ve got, unless we admit into the category
the expert rascality known as High Finance.
In Merrielund, —as in her sister and half
sister and sister-in-law States, —the Demo
crats have always accounted for the evil odors
by saying, that the Republicans had caused
putrefaction. The Republicans, of course,
never failed to explain the assembling of the
vultures, by saying that the Democrats had
left something dead up the branch.
So things drifted along nicely, and the
bosses had a good time, and the people paid
for it, and the devotees of the Pot could be
soothed, at any time, by eloquent denuncia
tions of the Kettle, —and vice versa.
But it really begins to look like times are
going to be different—in Merrielund. In
Garrett County, said State, the eloquent
champions of the dear old Pot and the pre
cious old Kettle were angrily answered, —
“You're BOTH as black as Satan.”
Then the indignant and disillusioned Dem
ocrats and Republicans who had at last, at
last, AT LAST ! come to see that the Pot was
of the same complexion as the Kettle, banded
themselves together in a new organization.
And the baby was named the People’s
Party! ! !
We hope that it will grow. The Baltimore
Sun declares that the new movement is al
ready “a very strong one”. '
Rousing meetings and a big convention
have been held, both the old parties have
been denounced as they deserve, a full ticket
has been put out, and a perfectly lovely fight
is on.
O that it would spread among all of Mary
land’s sisters, half-sisters, step-sisters and
sisters-in-law!