PAGE TEN
LETTERS TK.OJI THTL ?LO?L1
MULTUM IN PARVO.
Ohoopee, Ga., Mar. 2, 1908.
Dear Sir: I am in possession of your mag
azine—the most educating, most readable,
easiest reading—it is a multum in parvo. In
leaving Ne wYork it was mutatis mutandis. I
am a continual subscriber. No other maga
zine like it. Continual success. With highest
regards for same, I am, truly,
GEO. B. JOHNSON.
THE TWO LINES.
Harlem, Ga., Jan. 11, 1908.
I read in The Jeffersonian on pages 4 and
5, issue of January 9, 1908, the pathetic story
in the cartoons, “The Wine Line,” “The
Bread Line.”
“Prosperity!” is the Bankers’ shout;
Can you echo their hozannahs?
Answers Labor (strong and stout) :
We are “carrying the banners”!
Yours truly,
H. P. BLOUNT.
YES, I DO.
Ty Ty, Ga., Feb. 22, 1908.
Dear Sir: I want to drop you a few lines to
let you know that we have got a man by the
name of S. A .Rodenbarry interesting James
Grigg for Congressman in our district. He
gets off some good ones on James. Griggs
claims to be the stepfather of the R. F. D.
system. Rodenberry said in a speech that I
heard him make some time ago, that none
of us would have believed ten or twelve years
ago that there would have been at this time a
Democratic candidate running for congress
who would claim to be the stepdaddy of a
third party young one. I call that a roaster,
don’t you ?
Your true friend,
J. M. VARNER.
THE OLD VETS ARE JUSTLY INDIG
NANT.
Brooksfield, Ga., Feb. 24, 1908.
Dear Sir: I wish to say something through
the columns of your magazine to the old vets
and wives of vets. You should all write to
your representative to repeal the pension act
of 1907, or amend it, by taking the $5 and let
the legislators have it to raise salaries of so
many who do nothing. That seems to be their
ambition. He that hath but little, take it
and give it to him that hath plenty. It costs
the state about sls per month to take care
of those in the bull-pen; to those outside they
give only $5, which buys only half enough to
oat, no clothes nor shoes, and the ordinary
takes $1 for making out application; then
you have to hire your way to the ordinary
four times a year and that takes $4 more, so
you have only $lO left, say out of first quar
ter. Vets die like a dog. Just what you are
doing every day, you are the lowest of all
people; you arc in the way. When you write,
be sure to tell your representative to repeal
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
the act of 1907 and make it $lO, or take the
$5 back and keep it to raise salaries of nice
people and you will go the balance of your
life as best you can.
Mr. Watson, you see I would write an arti
cle and skin the legislators, but for lack of
education I cannot do it. Please take hold
and do it in my name. They have from time
to time treated us worse than pointer dogs.
If you get the first quarter and die before
the next, it stops, and no one shall have any
part of it to bury you or to pay the doctor.
Written by one who has some experience.
Your old Pop.,
V > R. L. GAY.
PENSIONS.
Dea?’- Sir: Mv article in the Jeffersonian
on the pension laws, from the letters that I
have received from different parts of the state,
seems to have struck a responsive cord in the
breast of every soldier who wore the gray, all
of the same opinion and all opposed to quar
terly pensions. Tt would seem from the way
that the legislature changed the pension laws
that there was no one interested, or that any
one would be unduly affected by it, as there
was rot as much consideration given the hill
as there would have been a dog or possum law,
but. according to the Pension Commissioners’
report, there will be ,16.739 pensions to pay
in 1908. Now there will ho from two to eight
persons that will be benefited by by each
pension and it would he a safe estimate to say
that there will be at least four persons who
are either dependent, or expect to be benefited
by each pension, which would make 66.956
persons in Georgia that were affected by the
change in the pension laws. T read in the
Thomaston News an order from the Pension
Commissioner to the ordinaries of the state, and
as no one seems to understand or to know
anything about the change in the pension
laws, T will copy a few sections of the order
for the benefit of the pensioners:
1. The annual pension heretofore paid, has
not been changed by the new law.
2. The new law only provides that this
annual pension shall be divided into four parts
and paid quarterly in each year, March first,
June first, September first and December
tenth, except when the pension paid is less
than fifty dollars, which will be paid the first
quarter.
3. The pension for rhe year becomes due
the first day of January of each year, as
heretofore and when the pensioner dies, after
due and before the payment of any quarter or
subsequent quarter, it is paid to his widow
or dependent children, or to the ordinary for
funeral expenses, to each quarter of the year
or remainder of the year.
Now I claim that the legislature changed the
pension laws for the benefit of the state and
not in the interest of the pensioners, which
I will prove.
If a pensioner drawing sixty dollars dies
before the first day of March, the state will
save forty-five dollars; before the first day
of June, thirty dollars, and before the first
day of September, fifteen dollars. In 1907,
1,006 pensioners died and if the present law
had been in force the state would have saved
on an average, thirty dollars apiece, making
the snug little sum of $30,180, and all out
of the pensioners’ pockets. In the year 1907
the patriotic citizens of Georgia paid taxes
to the amount of $950,000, to be paid in pen
sions to the battle-scarred heroes in 1908.
By paying quarterly pensions the state will
get the benefit of $237,000 for eleven
months, or the first day of December; $237,500
for eight months, or the first day of Septem
ber, and $237,500 for five months, or up to the
first day of June. I can’t say whether the
state receives interest on its deposits or not,
but I am satisfied about one thirig, the bankers
will reap a golden harvest and all at the ex
pense of the old pensioners.
4. The new law dispenses with the hereto
fore single voucher system, receiving the
pensioner to come before the ordinary and
swear that he is the same person whose name
is on the roll, he is only required under the
new law to sign his receipt and get his money
each quarter. They must, when not providen
tially prevented, receipt the ordinary in per
son, for their quarterly payments.
That is what I would call rubbing the pen
sioner with one hand and knocking him down
with the other; very kind in relieving him of
signing one voucher a year, and then require
him to sign four quarterly receipts. Did any
one ever think what a trip to the ordinary’s
office means to an old pensioner, and the wor
ry, trouble and expense that they are put to?
They do not own a carriage and horses to car
ry them.; no sir, you could not draw a pension
and own a horse; a five-dollar horse would
be sufficient wealth for an old rebel without
drawing a pension. The proper thing for them
to have done would have been to order the
ordinaries to send a check to each pensioner
who could get some one to cash it for him,
or send it to the bank by some friend that was
going. After the check is cashed, the banker
should turn it over to the ordinary to be re
turned to the Pension Commissioner for a
receipt, and the pensioners would have been
saved the worry and trouble of four trips to
the office. Commissioner Lindsay winds up
the doxology in the following words:
“14. The quarterly payment system will
benefit the pensioner, in that he gets the
whole pension without being charged ordi
nary’s fees, and that he will get a part of it
every three months and without having to go
before the ordinary to swear to vouchers.”
But he forgot to mention the four times
that he will be compelled to go, to sign his re
ceipt. There is not a pensioner in Georgia that
would not prefer fifty-five dollars in one pay
ment, to making four trips for sixty dollars
and receive it in snowbird rations. But that
is not the most mournful part of the tune, for
a large number of pensioners in 1907 gave or
ders to merchants for this year’s pension,
which the merchant cannot collect until next
December, and that will leave the pensioner