latest of the biographies has been published.
It you want to have the last word about Na
poleon, join our reading circle and get the
Magazine for next year 6
Too Risky to Hold Cotton at 141-2
Cents. Sell It, and Get Out
of Debt
Cotton may go to 20 cents a pound— and it
may go hack to 12 cents.
This fall is a wonder. Three frosts have
come, but neither was “killing”. The roses
are blooming in the garden; the grasses in
the held. The leaves are green on many of
and the sap is still “up”.
iNot only is there a surprising amount of
unpicked cotton, in many parts of the lower
South, but the top-crop is heavy.
The green bolls are ripening and opening.
The visible supply of cotton is almost as
large as at this time last year; and the unsold
quantities of manufactured goods are im
mense.
The late crop in Texas, as well as that in
Georgia and other States, is going to demon
strate the inaccuracy of the low estimates,
on which the bull movement based its cam
paign.
Can you afford to gamble on future prices?
Tou had just as well go and bet at a faro
bank.
At 14 cents, or even at 13, you are all hun
ky-dory. You can pay expenses, and pocket a
handsome profit.
DO IT, FARMER!
The men who are advising you to hold, are
those who got you into that awful fix, two
years ago.
You could have sold at 12 cents, and want
ed to do so; but certain Big Ikes interfered,
and you lost many millions of dollars.
Some of these reckless advisers have no cot
ton to hold; but they are interested in ware
houses. They would like to make storage, in
surance, and commissions out of you. And
Billy Witham would like to get some of your
wool. An artistic lamb-shearer, is Billy.
(Write to Maj. C. E. McGregor, Warrenton,
Ga., for some facts. Or write to A. A. Mur
phy, Barnesville, Ga.)
In that million dollars, which Witham is
to lend on cotton, there may be a rake-off for
some Big Ike; there will certainly be some
thing nice in it for Billy.
SELL YOUR COTTON, FARMER!
The Absurdities of the Smith
sonian Institution
There must be some funny old frumps in
our great Smithsonian Institution.
A few years ago, one of the Professors put
forth the statement that there wasn’t a sin
gle well-authenticated case of death from
snake-bite. Os course, you and I know that
“well-authenticated” cases, of that kind, can
be found in almost every county of the United
States.
Not more than a couple of months since,
another of these Smithsonian “Professors”
incubated, solemnly, and then hatched the as
sertion that there was no such thing as a
horned snake. If the Smithsonian will offer
SIOO for every serpent of that variety, alive
or dead, Pendleton, of the Macon Telegraph,
will get rich, producing reptiles with horny
appendages.
The most recent absurdity of our musty old
Smithsonian, is of a more serious nature.
Dr. Hrdlicka, one of the Institute’s division
of “psychical anthropology”, has got the
races of man mixed; and he is classifying, as
white, certain people who are brown.
Turks, Turcomans, Tartars, Circassians,
Kossacks, Hindus belong to the brown race.
The Arabs are mixed brown-white.
3affersonlan
The Smithsonian Professor classes Syrians
as white. They are nothing of the kind. At
best, they are no nearer white than the mu
lattoes are.
Just as the mulatto is a white-black mon
grel, so the Syrian is a white-brown mongrel.
These Smithsonian scholars class as white,
the “Egyptians, Arabs, and dwellers in
Northern Africa”.
Such ethnology is beneath contempt.
But what else could you expect from an
Institution whose “experts” declare that
snake-bites have not killed anybody in this
country ?
Mrs. Luke Johnson, of Augus
ta, Ga.,
Has not stuffed cotton in her ears, to keep
from hearing the cry of the American chil
dren, who are perishing in slums and mills
and mines.
Has not closed her eyes, to shut out the
sight of the ocean of irreligion, illiteracy and
poverty that threatens to overflow our future.
Has not tuned her lips and tongue, until
she can not articulate any words but China
and India and Japan and Korea.
Has not gone daft about “the man of Mace
donia”.
She is not harassing every congregation of
the country for contributions to support thou
sands of foreign missionaries in luxury, feed
and clothe the riffraff of heathendom, educate
the boys and girls of Ethiopia, and Asia and
Oceanica.
She is not bothering anybody about gifts,
to set before the poorer classes of the Eastern
world such bribes, that the wants and the nat
ural cupidity of the heathen irresistibly
TEMPT THEM TO EMBRACE OUR RE
LIGION TO GET THE LOAVES AND
FISHES.
No! Mrs. Luke Johnson is obeying the
mandate which commands us, first “to provide
for our own, especially those of our own
household”.
The child slave of the American mill; the
sick and destitute mother in the manufactur
ing “slave-quarters”; the fallen white girl
and woman;‘the poor and illiterate millions
of our mountainous sections, —these are the
objects of Mrs. Johnson’s solicitude and pray
ers and efforts.
All honor to this good lady! May she, and
others like her, keep up the agitation, until
our haughty and bigoted ecclesiastical lords
will be forced to abandon the medical, edu
cational and industrial benefits which they
are now showering upon the heathen.
Let us take to “the man of Macedonia”
just what the apostle gave him, and no more.
If he demands more, tell him to “go to
grass and eat mullein”.
How Did Bodenhamer Get Into
the Farmers 9 Union?
Mr. J. E. Bodenhamer is not an “editor”.
He is in the printing business in Atlanta, and
is Business Manager of the Duckworth pa
per, which is so fortunate as to be able to
keep a brigade of subscription agents in the
field, AT THE EXPENSE OF THE
FARMERS OF GEORGIA.
Will Mr. Duckworth “explain” how Bodev
got through the fence? Who was it that
busted the constitution of the Union, in favor
of this sleepy-eyed Atlanta boodle-hunter?
And why was the Farmers’ Union Consti
tution violated for the sake of securing this
two-footed human gem, jewel, pearl, diamond,
ruby and glittering tiara?
Tell us about it, Duck! We country
gawks are just dying to know what was your
reason for reaching outside the pale, and
snatching this one solitary pebble from off
the beach.
Ask Ladson to “explain” this for you, in
the same satisfactory manner as that in
which he “explained” his wrecking of the
Neal Bank.
O! how did Boodlehamer get in ?
A Certain Piece of Land
Looking over some old chains-of-title, a
few days ago, I chanced upon a deed to some
land which John Harris, of Dearing, Ga.,
sold to my grandfather, in 1857. "■
The eighty acres cost SI,OOO.
In 1877,1 repurchased this land, which had
passed out of the family many years before.
The price paid by me was four dollars per
acre.
A few years ago, I sold it, on ten years’
time, at ten dollars per acre.
The present holder has improved it greatly,
and would probably demand somewhat more
for it than when my grandfather bought it
half-a-century ago.
The average Southern farm, several miles
away from the railroad, seldom sells for as
much as it brought before the War. While I
was at the bar, I negotiated many a loan for
the rural proprietors, and had to examine
hundreds of old conveyances. I was verv
much struck by the fact that the ante-bellum
deeds recited larger considerations than the
property would now fetch. This, of course,
applies to the country place, proper, some six
or eight miles from town.
Throughout New England, as well as
throughout the South, you can buy thousands
of farms for less than the improvements are
worth.
The Goodly Firm of Duckworth,
Ladson and Boodle-hamer !
Hello, Farmer!
Bought any shares of stock in that Perche
rqn stud-horse, yet? He “stands” at Union
City; and his owners constitute the unique
partnership of Duckworth, Ladson and
Boodle-hamer.
Duckworth is a new-comer to Georgia; and
as a sleight-of-hand performer, he is a crack
er-jack. While you, Foxy, are looking on,
he “farms” you. Never saw anything like it.
You actually allow Duck to own your news
paper “organ”; and you pay the salaries and
travelling expenses of a regiment of agents
who go about the State, canvassing for sub
scribers.
Why not own the Union News, yourself,
Farmer? Why pay for so much agency work,
which puts big money into Duck's own
pocket?
The agents who have done most to sustain
Duck's paper, are kept in the field by the
Farmers'Union. Don't you think that he
might, at least, pay into your treasury a lib
eral commission on his Georgia subscriptions?
Various enterprises are being established at
Union City. The lecturers urge you to take
stock in these concerns. Would it not be well
for you to consider—
(l) Whether or not each county could
maintain at home, industries similar to those
at Union City;
(2) Who controls those Union City con
cerns?
Can’t you see that Duckworth is central
izing the power of the Farmers’ Union, and
is trying to bring money from all parts of
the State to that one place. Is it wise to do
so? Duckworth boasts of being the whole
thing. He claims to be the man who “runs”
Union City,
Then, again, Ladson, (the lying “explana
tion” of whose wrecking the Neal Bank is
now on its rounds in the secret meetings,) is
a dangerous influence at Union City. He and
Boodle-hamer have fastened Duckworth to
the Gompers policy. That policy is wrong.
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE