PAGE FOURTEEN
THE COUNTRY EDITOR HARD HIT BY
REPORT.
(Continued from Page Two.)
to the- editor and yet does not provide him
with legal tender to meet his obligations. Ad
vertising often is scarce, and this he must take
out in trade, as a consequence of which he
may sport a silk hat while not having money
to pay his taxes. Often the editor is his
own compositor, pressman and devil, who has
to work very hard and gets very little pay.
Yet he had one consolation : he could ride
free on the railroad. Not without cause he
felt proud of the little pasteboard which was
the open sesame to him to every railroad train.
He could be chosen as delegate to all the con
ventions, he could visit all the fairs, he was,
in fact, by virtue of that pass, a great man,
He could bear all the hardships and ills of
his editorial office, for when these made things
seem darkest he could put his hand upon
his heart, over which in his inside pocket, re
posed his pass, and all his ills would be for
gotten in the night of this glory.
Is it anv wonder that he should feel it keen
ly when his pass was taken away? The one
thing which had given brightness to his life
had been taken away, and he felt sorely ■
stricken. But it was just. He was the foe
of special privileges, and this pass being
a special privilege, he surrendered, if not
gladly, at least with the resignation of a mar
tyr in a holy cause.
This spirit of resignation was promoted by
the inkling he had got that the same power
which demanded the taking from him of his
pass would compel the railroads to advertise
their schedules in his paper, for which here
after he could make them pay the cash. This
was a consoling thought, for after all, the cash
would be better than a railroad pass. So he
waited for the railroads to send in their sched
ules to be published, while he reserved a large
page in his ledger to charge the company full
space rates to the last limit for every inser
tion. But alas! many of these poor editors
are yet waiting for this ad copy. They have
now neither pass, nor money jingling sweetly
in their pockets as the price paid them by
the railroads for publishing their schedules.
So the bitterness of spirit may be under
stood which weighed down the heart of this
good editor when he wrote that sad little edi
torial.
But hasn’t he got the matter just a little
wrong? Granting that he supported the com
mission, “made it possible for them to hold
office,” was it right that he should be reward
< <1 for this service by making the railroads pay
him for something which they did not want
and perhaps did not need? In his case, as
with the railroads when they were compelled
to reduce their rates, it was hard to lose his
income even if it was just. It is not justice
to the people that railroads should charge
them high for service in order that they may
be able to pay dividends on watered stock,
and it was right that the railroad commission
should reduce the rates. Neither would it
be just to make the railroad advertise in a pa
per just to provide the editor with an in
come, and he can complain of no injustice
when they didn’t give him a half or quarter
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
page ad.
However, the railroad schedules should be
published. This is public utility information
which is constantly sought, and where would
be a more proper place to puti it, to be the
greatest convenience and to suit the most peo
ple, than in the newspapers? Every newspa
per should at least carry the time of arrival
and departure of every regular train in every
issue, and this much at least the railroad com
panies should be compelled to do. For this
service the editor should be paid.
This service the public has a right to ex
pect, and should demand. But more than this
must in justice be left entirely optional with
the railroads, to be placed as their judgment
directs to bring them the best results. —Augus-
ta Herald.
THE REAL INVENTOR OF THE STEAM
BOAT.
(Continued from Page Three.)
“was pleased to give the invention counte
nance,” as was also David Rittenhouse, the
celebrated astronomer, Andrew Ellicott and
John Ewing.
About this time Fitch had to refute the
claim of James Rumsey of Virginia to be
the inventor of the steamboat; and he did it
so successfully that the state ignored Rumsey
and gave to Fitch the exclusive light to steam
navigation.
The craft with the twelve-inch cylinder was
too small for practical purposes, and after
many delays a larger boat was built, using
the same engine, with paddles at the stern.
The trial trip was made to Burlington.
Crowds of persons assembled at all the prom
inent points along the river to see the steam
boat pass, and waited for hours to see what
was then the greatest wonder of the day.
Great was the enthusiasm which greeted the
steamboat, and long and loudly did the people
cheer the grotesque exhibition. Women
waved their handkerchiefs; batteaux put off
from the shore and rowed alongside the steam
er, cheering the adventurous and now exult
ing Fitch. But his joy was short lived. When
opposite Burlington the boiler burst, and the
steamboat was forced to anchor in midstream.
His enemies rejoiced at this misfortune. As
was perhaps natural, all navigators were jeal
ous of Fitch’s innovations, and bitterly op
posed him.
After overcoming almost insuperable diffi
culties, Fitch, on the 16th of April, 1790,
made trial of a third and greatly improved
steamboat, and achieved a grand success.
“We reigned Lord High Admirals of the Del
aware,” he writes in his journal. “No boat
in the river could hold its way with us, sail
boats, rowboats, all fell astern.” During the
season The Steamboat, as it was called, made
regular trips from Phildelphia to points along
the river, making seven and eight miles an
hour. In the Federal Gazette (Philadelphia),
there are frequent advertisements of its time
of sailing. One is as follows:
“The Steamboat is now ready to take pas
sengers and is intended to set off from Arch
Street Ferry, in Philadelphia, every Monday,
Wednesday and Friday, for Burlington, Bris
tol, Bordentown and Trenton, to return on
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Saturdays. Prise J
for passengers, 2 shillings 6 pence to Bur
lington ; 3 shillings 9 pence to Bordentown; .
5 shillings to Trenton. June 14th 1790.”
Counting all the trips, the steamboat made y
between two and three thousand miles that "
summer, at an average of seven miles and a H
half an hour. Contrast this with the perform- «
ance of Fulton’s boat, the Clermont, on the
Hudson, seventeen years afterward, which oc’
cupied thirty-two hours’ running time for B’'h<
distance of one hundred and fifty miles — st
about four miles and three quarters an houi^ r
—and one sees how great was the triumph o
the original inventor. Fitch had an engin 5
manufactured in this country by common
blacksmiths, under his own supervision, at a—
time when the principles and relative forces aj
of the different parts of the steam engine |
were almost unknown. Fulton had an import- »
ed engine, built in England, by Bolton and®*
Watt, on their improved principles. '
Fitch and his company commenced anothei
boat, The Perseverance, but it was never fin J
ished. Discouragements of every kind beset -
the projectors, and the boat was sold at pub
lic auction. In 1796 fitted a steam en
gine in a ship’s yawl in New York City, and
ran it on a little pond called the “Collects,”
now filled up, on the site of which the
- “Tombs” prison is built. Robert Fulton and
Livingstone were several times on this craft,
when Fitch explained to them the working
of the machinery.
Many things conspired to John Fitch’s
failure. The time was unpropitious. The
country was impoverished by the lite war.
and no one was willing to put money into
doubtful scheme. The inventor was poor,
without influential friends. To make the nec
essary machinery was almost impossible in
the crude state of the mechanic arts.
Poverty, opposition to his darling project,
the coldness of friends and the jealousy and
malice of enemies overcame his dauntless spir-**
it at last, and in 1/98 he took an overdose of
morphine and slept the dreamless sleep. The
last years of his life were spent in writing his ~
autobiography, in six manuscript volumes,
which are now in the possession of the Phil
adelphia Library Company. His sad prophe
cy has been fulfilled. “The day will come
when some more powerful man will get fame
and riches from my invention; but nobody
will believe that poor John Fitch can do any
thing worthy of attention.”
CHARLOTTE F. HAMMOND.
—New England Magazine.
Culpepper’s Re-Improved Big' 801 l
Extra Prolific Cotton
It is the best cotton that grows, made
three bales on one acre last year. It
is early and turns out more lint that
any big boll variety known. Every
farmer should plant it. Write for
circulars.
J. E. CULPEPPER, Luthersville, Ga.
PRICES: 1 bushel, >1.50; 5 bushels. >6.75;
10 bushels, >12.50.