National People’s Party Ticket
Election] Nov. 3rd, 1908
For President:
THOMAS E. WATSON,
of Georgia.
For Vice-President:
SAMUEL W. WILLIAMS,
of Indiana.
Presidential Electors:
(From the State at Large:)
T. G. DOROUGH, Franklin County.
JOHN R. SPENCE, Carroll County.
(From Congressional Districts:)
First Dist.: WILLIAM L. MATTHEWS.
Second Dist.: JOHN A. CHASTAIN.
Third Dist.: FRED D. WIMBERLY.
Fourth Dist.: J. M. BAGWELL.
Fifth Dist.: W. F. McDANIEL.
Sixth Dist.: ROBERT W. MAYES.
Seventh Dist.: ALONZO H. TALLEY.
Eighth Dist.: JOHN J. BROWN.
Ninth Dist.: THADDEUS PICKETT.
Tenth Dist.: SAMUEL A. WALKER.
Eleventh Dist.: H. C. NEWTON.
For Representative in the Sixty-first Congress.
of County.
“For ratification of amendment to Article 7,
Section 6 of the Constitution.”
“Against ratification of amendment to Article
7, Section 6 of the Constitution.”
“For ratification of amendment of Article 7,
Section 1 of the Constitution of this State. (For
payment of pensions to ex-Confederate soldiers
and widows of ex-Confederate soldiers.)”
“Against ratification of amendment of Article
7, Section 1 of the Constitution of this State.
(Against payment of pensions to ex-Confeder
ate soldiers and widows of ex-Confederate sol
diers.)”
The above is a real, genuine ticket. In every
respect legal and usable. All you need to do
is to cut it out and vote it at your regular poll
ing place.
In 1904 there were thousands of men who
could not vote because for some reason no tick
ets were to be had. This year no such condi
tion need exist. We take this method to abso
lutely insure that every subscriber of the Jef
fersonian can have a ticket in his vest pocket
if he finds none at the voting place. And for
the readers who are not subscribers —we want
to say, and to emphasize: *
That we have thousands of tickets and a large
force of people sending them out. We want
each of you to ask for as many as you can use.
They will be sent, and at once.
The matter of having plenty of tickets on
hand, so that our principles may be vindicated
at the polls, is of the most tremendous impor
tance. We can not pay for “workers.” Our
party is not made up of mercenary hirelings.
But every manly man who reads this is asked,
for the sake of the cause of Truth and the
rights of his country, to do his part to get every
man he knows to vote with us on November 3d.
USEFUL HINTS.
Colic pains in infants are quieted
by the application of dry heat, after
the manner of our grandmothers, who
knew the value of hot flannels and the
importance of warm feet and hands.
If the heat applied over the abdomen
does not relieve the pain, try it on
the spine; this often produces a quiet
ing effect at once.
■Soak lamp wicks in vinegar to in
sure a bright light.
The water in which potatoes have
been boiled is excellent for cleansing
silverware, as it produces a lustre like
the expensive polishes. It is also a
good liquid in which to cleanse silk.
It is not economy to purchase cheap
tinware; if of good quality it will last
for a long time, and is excellent for
many purposes. For anything that
requires quick cooking, and is not
acid, the best results are obtained in
tin, but neither tin, iron nor steel
should be used for acid foods. Never
use “tin when fruit is to be cooked;
porcelain or enamel-lined ware is the
proper thing. Aluminum cooking
utensils are considered the best, but
are expensive.
An old-fashioned, home-made furni
ture polish consists of one-third
spirits of turpentine and two-thirds
sweet oil. Apply with old flannel and
rub dry with another cloth. This
removes all surface marks from
polished furniture, and with repeated
rubbings will give a high polish to un
varnished hard wood;
If any injurious drug is spilled on
the skin, the part should be imme
diately immersed in water to dilute
the poison. A burn from crude car
.bolie acid should be bathed with
alcohol; if carbolic acid is swallowed,
give milk and limewater. Caustic pot
ash and ammonia are perhaps more
frequently swallowed by children than
any other poisons, and the best
antidote is some such acid as vinegar
or lemon juice. An emetic that is
always available is a mixture of
mustard and water; and running the
finger down the child’s throat will
often cause vomiting.—Woman’s
W ork.
Bullets of paper or tallow produce
far greater damage than metal ones
when used for short-difetance firing.
It was recently found on trial that,
whereas a metal bullet penetrated a
dead blank one inch thick and left a
neat hole, a paper bullet broke up the
plank. A paper bullet, passing
through six pieces of tin placed one
foot apart, buckled them up and made
them useless, whereas a metal bullet
erely left a small round hole.—Lime
ville Headlight.
American Cotton and Business University
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
COTTON : We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight in 30 days how
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
in any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap.
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education, Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies.
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING: Under three expert Telegraphers and
Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. W rite for catalogue at once and state
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL,
Associate Presidents.
—
■llli IIIIMIIiIII Ml MUM iIIHWI I Ilf 111 IMIIIIIIIIIHIIiriIIIMIIIHIIIIHIIMiIBI IIIWI 111 11111111 l Hill Illi ■ "IMIWi lll■lilimiß
Just Lay Aside
HJoor Spectacles
ir eyes entirely, and I will re
ndsome brand new 10-karat IfflUPyip
famous "Perfect Vision" Spec-
Tree of charge.
give away at least one-hundred
the next few weeks in order to
nderful soothing glasses to the
of spectacle wearers in the
Lble time—so write me your name
at once and I will mail you my
me Eye Tester absolutely free of
also full particulars of my 10-
iWU) spectacle offer. Address:-
DR. HAUX SPECTACLE CO.,
erk 0, Haux Bldg, St. Louis, Mo.
to 5100 weekly, in their spare f A
time, should ask for my special I One-Hundred-Thousand Pairs I
agent's proposition at once, and \ Will be Given Away. J
state their present occupation.
KOTE.—The Above lathe Largent Matt Order Spectacle Houiw'in the World,"and"Peffectiy
SAW DUST.
Saw dust is one of the puzzling
wastes in lumbering Operations. The
waste is serious, too, for the kerf —
the part cut out by the saw in the mill
and transformed into saw dust —
always bears a rather high ratio to
the boards obtained. In cutting thin
stuff, one-fourth of the log, or even
more, may be kerf.
Years ago a good man said saw
dust was as good as bran as a horse
food, and to demonstrate that fact
he began feeding saw dust to his old
horse Dobbin. Sometime afterward he
was asked how saw dust worked as
a food product and how his horse
prospered on it. The good man de
clared it was fine, though at first
Dobbin did not take to it kindly, and
just as the experiment was progress
ing satisfactorily Dobbin died.
From that day to this no use has
been found for saw dust until the
explosive manufacturers discovered
that a flour from saw dust was val
uable. The saw dust, chiefly pine
and fir, is ground with millstones,
exactly as old-time mills made corn
meal, or wheat or rye flour. Expensive
machinery is not required, but it is
necessary to take special precautions
against fires which might start from
sparks between the millstones.
■Saw dust flour is sold to dyna
mite factories to be mixed with ni
troglycerine and forms the body or
absorbent for that high explosive. It
is also in demand for the manufac
ture of cheap blotting papers. The
mills in the Harz mountains, in Ger
many, an important manufacturing
center, are kept busy meeting this
demand.—Cotton Journal.