More Black Sheep
It is not pleasant to expose the betrayal of
the common people of the South by* their
Democratic Senators, but it is a duty, and we
must not shirk it.
Hides ought to be on the free list. Not one
farmer in a thousand has any to sell, and
everybody has them to buy. The very man
who has a hide to sell and who would there
fore get a few cents more for it if a tariff
duty is placed on it, will have to buy more
than one hide during the year in the purchase
of the shoes, belts, saddles, harness, etc.,
which are made out of hides and whose cost
will be increased by the tax on hides.
Who will get the lion’s share of the benefit
of the tax on hides? The meat packers of
Chicago, Kansas City and St. Louis. These
combined capitalists are usually referred to
as the Beef Trust, and they are the main buy
ers of the cattle that furnish the hides. They
control the market in buying beeves and in
selling meats. They will not give the cattle
breeder a dime more for his steer because of
the hide-duty. They buy the animal bv
weight, and the duty on hides will not make
the cow weigh a pound more.
Therefore, when we shut out the hides of
Central and South America by a tariff duty,
we simply give additional profits to the Beef
Trust and it will come out of us when we
buy shoes, harness, etc.
The Southern Democratic Senators who
went over to the Republicans on this issue are
Bailey and Culberson of Texas, Fletcher and
Taliaferro of Florida, Smith of Maryland,
Stone of Missouri.
SB ® H
Where Do We, the People,
Come In ?
The American people are so wise, and pa
triotic that they erect a tariff wall which
keeps the blasted foreigner from bringing us
low-priced shoes. We are, on patriotic prin
ciple, opposed to low-priced shoes. It fills our
souls with feverish joy to pay the American
manufacturer two prices for a pair of brogans
which will last a plow-hand just about a
month. It delights us unspeakably to see the
American manufacturer run up his prices on
shoes almost as rapidly as he lowers the qual
ity.
We are just so ravenously fond of dilber
ries of that sort that we can’t bear the idea of
allowing the blasted foreigner to sell us 'better
shoes for less money. We are so devotedly at
tached to the American manufacturer that
nothing which he can do opens our eyes to
our folly.
For instance, the shoe-manufacturers of
America have established stores in London,
from which they sell American-made shoes at
a lower price than we can buy them in this
country. Thus our blessed Protective system
gives us high-priced shoes while it carries
cheap shoes to the blasted foreigner.
We tax ourselves with high prices on leath
er goods of all kinds, and the net result is
that the manufacturer rolls in wealth while
the blasted foreigner walks abroad in cheap
American shoes.
ffi ® ®
*
Cotton and Woollen Duties
The ingenious and untiring editor of the
Macon Telegraph argues that a reduction of
the tariff rates on woollens, accompanied by
the imposition of a tariff on Egyptian cotton,
would work beneficently for all concerned.
The North would part with a portion of her
loot; the South would get what the North sur
rendered, and we should all be happy.
’Tis a lovely and harmless speculation.
Whoever heard of the North giving up any
advantage ? When di4 tiie ether sections yield
anything to the South?
If the North would agree to cut down the
rate of the woollen schedules, the date for the
millenium might be approximated; but, as the
North refuses to concede any such boon to the
consumer, why license another gang to plun
der him?
Robbers all look alike to me. In fact, I de
test the Southern robbers more heartily than
any others, because I naturally expect better
things of my own people.
There are no signs that the average grower
of long staple cotton in the South is clamor
ing for a seat in the car of Special Privilege.
I hope they will never join the robber gangs.
IS £1 H
Korea
That is the title of a book published in 1904
by Charles Scribner’s Sons. The author is
Angus Hamilton, who dedicates his work to
. his mother.
The volume is a really valuable study of
conditions in the far East. Mr. Hamilton
throws a flood of light upon matters Oriental,
confining himself mainly to Korea. He spent
much time in the Hermit Kingdom, and saw
what he describes.
He is very guarded in his references to the
missionaries from Europe who are engaged
in the “conversion” of these people. Mr.
Hamilton leaves one under the impression
that he did not tell all that he knew about
missionary methods and results. He hints
rather than says that the Boxer uprising in
China, with its carnage of crime and rivulets
of blood, was the natural revolt against the
constant encroachments of the white foreign
missionaries.
But, with regard to the Quelpart outbreak
in Korea, where 600 “converts” were butch
ered, he distinctly alleges that the passions of
the natives were aroused because the Catholic
priests exacted from the Korean authorities
FREE FROM TAXATION for their con
verts F Os course, thousands of Koreans who
wanted to escape taxation “professed relig
ion” and became Christians, thus arousing
the wrath of their fellow countrymen upon
whom fell the taxes which the “converts”
escaped.
We quote one passage from Mr. Hamilton’s
illuminating book:—
The American missionary in the Far East is a
curious creature. He represents a union of de
vices which have made him a factor of considera
ble commercial importance. American mission
aries in Korea were formerly closely associated
with the more important export houses in the
leading industrial centers of America. Owing to
diplomatic representation this practical demon
stration of Western superiority is no longer in
dulged. In Seoul, however, an American mission
ary inconsiderately receives paying guests, caus
ing a manifest loss of business to the Station Ho
tel; in Won-san, another exploits his orchard.
As a class they are necessarily newspaper cor
respondents and professional photographers upon
rare occasions—and here I refer especially to a
small coterie of American missionaries in Seoul—
they are the scholarly students of the history,
manners, customs and language of the country in
which they happen to be placed.
The American missionary has a salary which
frequently exceeds ($1,000) £2OO a year, and is
invariably pleasantly supplemented by additional
allowances. Houses and servants are provided
free, or grants are made for house rent; there is
a provision for the education of the children, and
an annual capitation payment is made for each
child. As a class, American missionaries have
large families, who live in comparative idleness
and luxury. In Korea, they own the most attrac
tive and commodious houses in the foreign settle
ments, and appear to me to extract from their sur
roundings the maximum of profit for the mini
mum of labor. Ido not know whether it is with
the permission of the executive officers of the
American Mission Boards that their representa
tives combine commerce with their mission to the
heathen. When a missionary devotes no little
portion of his time to literary labors, to the care
of an insurance agency, to the needs of a fruit
farm, or to the manifold exigencies of casual com
merce, it seems to me that the interests of those
who sit in darkness must suffer.
3effersonlan
Socialist Martyrs and Howls
The law does not allow R. F. D. carriers to
do subscription work for periodicals and
newspapers. The rule is a good one, and the
necessity for it is apparent.
But the Appeal to Reason got a R. F. D.
carrier to do subscription work for the Social
ist howler, and the carrier lost his job. Where
upon the Appeal howled lugbriously, and
held up the carrier as a martyr.
Os course, the man ought not to have al
lowed the Appeal to make a dupe and law
breaker of him. Neither he nor the Appeal
have any right to howl: they should follow
the rules, as the rest of us do.
Then again, there was that Smart Aleck
and anarchist, Fred Warren, who came into
the Appeol office some years ago, and swal
lowed Wayland and all the sanity there was
in the shop. Fred took it upon himself to
act as a Governor, or a President, and he
mailed out offers of SI,OOO reward for the kid
napping of ex-Governor Taylor of Kentucky.
Fred claimed that he had a right to do this
as a sort of set-off to the kidnapping, by State
officials, of Haywood, one of the murderers
of Steunenburg of Idaho. It\never occurred
to Fred that there was any difference in law
between the action of two Governors and that
of himself, a private citizen.
So Fred the Fresh made free use of Uncle
Sam’s mails, to offer SI,OOO to whoever would
commit a certain crime, —to-wit, the kidnap
ping of Taylor, the fugitive from old Kain
tuck. Uncle Sam did not like the doings of
Fred the Fresh, not by any manner of means.
Consequently, Fred being one of the small fry
that Uncle Sam loves to bounce, the majesty
of the Law asserted itself aggressively against
Frederick. He was indicted, tried, ami con
victed.
At each step in the grim progress of Uncle
Sam against this small offender, the Appeal
to Reason has been in its element. Such howls
you never heard. Short howls, long howls,
howls fierce and howls vengeful have re
souned and echoed and re-echoed, and then
done it all over again, until one can almost
envy the Appeal the capital it is making out
of the prosecution of Fred.
“The hell-hounds of capitalism” are after
Frederick, —so the Appeal says. Roosevelt
and Wall street and all the cohorts of Gold
and Greed have combined to gag and crush
Fred, —so the Appeal says. The Appeal
“army” is being lashed into a state of froth
at-the-mouth agitation on account of “Com
rade Fred,” —who did an unlawful thing, but
who objects to being punished for it.
We see by the papers today, (Saturday,)
that the Court has at length mustered up
courage to announce its sentence: Fred is to
pay $1,500 fine and serve six months in prison.
Now, clear the track for the Appeal and
the howls.
Fred ought never to have assumed that he
had the same rights as the Trust plutes. The
big fellow’s can violate the laws, but we small
fry can’t.
SJ s a
Bryan and the Presidency
The Missouri Sharp Shooter says:
“After all, Mr. Bryan is the only Democrat that
disturbs Republican dreams and causes loss of
sleep.”
That is very true. In fact, it is fully as true
as most of the statements you see in Demo
cratic papers down South. " The Republicans
are just about as much afraid of Bryan as
General Sheridan was of Gen. Jubal Early.
Why, Bryan is so dead easy to beat that the
Republicans are afraid of but one thing,—
namely, that he won’t be nominated again.
Senator Teller, Republican, has already
named the Peerless, as candidate for the Pres
idency in 1912, and the Peerless took it as a
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE