PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Tb>mplk Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Enttnd at Ptitaffict, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, IQO7, at tatand
clatt mail mattar
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, April 2, 1908
'Ring-'Rule in Georgia.
The people of Georgia must be very
blind, or very indifferent, if they fail to
exert themselves to the utmost against
the cunning shemes which the city wire
pullers have in hand.
Not only is the early primary of great
advantage to those who are in office, as
against outsiders, but the power which
is being vested in committees, which will
act behind closed doors, grows larger
from year to year.
The Democratic party in Georgia is be
ing turned into a mere political machine,
to be used for the selfish purposes of a
handful of ringsters in Atlanta, Augusta,
Macon and Savannah.
Hoke Smith denounced the early pri
mary' throughout his campaign. So late
as November, 19075-.Ee bitterly assailed
it. He is not denouncing it now.
Why? Because he is in, and wants
to stay in.
He isn’t as much in favor of giving
the outsiders a fair chance as when he
himself was an outsider.
That’s about the size of it. But a
still further advance toward Ring-rule
has now been made.
Henceforth, our time-honored system
of recognizing within the state, the coun
ty, as a political unit, —just as the differ
ent states are recognized as political units,
in the federal system, —is to be
wiped out and the state is to be gov
erned, as a whole.
Why is this done? To give controlling
power to the large cities.
Under the new rule, just adopted by
the Democratic Executive Committee,
whoever gets the most votes in the whole
state will be the nominee for Governor.
Heretofore, the candidate who was the
choice of the majority of delegates chosen
by the counties, became the nominee.
You can see at once what a revolution
will be worked by the new rule.
Every one of the four principal cities
of Georgia is controlled by a local Ring.
Under the new plan adopted by the Dem
ocratic Committee, the bosses who con
trol these city rings will rule the State
of Georgia.
Country counties will be shorn of their
strength. Rural communities will be
dwarfed into political insignificance. The
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
centres of population will be able to dic
tate to the agricultural classes. The
ward-heeler will gain an immense in
crease of importance and the average
farmer will have less weight in state af
fairs than ever.
If the principle which the Democratic
bosses have applieid to Georgia were
adopted nationally, the bum vote of the
City of New York could dictate laws to
any Southern state, excepting Texas; and
a Northern state, like Pennsylvania, could
out-vote any group of states of the South.
To prevent such a calamitous and un
democratic condition of things, the State
unit is recognized in the Constitution of
the United States.
To preserve home-rule —local self-gov
ernment in its true sense —the county unit
is recognized in the Constitution of the
State of Georgia.
The new rule of the Democratic Com
mittee revolutionizes a time-honored sys
tem and virtually sets aside the highest
law of the land.
The campaign of 1906 was waged
against Ring-rule. It seems that we
have jumped from a moderate-sized fry
ing pan into the biggest kind of fire. We
have never known, in Georgia, such a
despotism of a few ringsters as we are
going to have under the new rules adopt
ed by the Democratic Executive Com
mittee.
M * *
The National Capital.
Not in our day, but certainly in the fu
ture, the National Capital will be re
moved from the District of Columbia and
placed somewhere near the center of the
United States. Situated as it now is on
the East Coast, in a deadly climate, it is
not only inconvenient to Congress, and
dangerous to live in, but is too far out of
touch with the great country which has
grown up since Washington City was
founded.
Jefferson and other Southern statesmen
were badly worsted in the bargain they
made with Alexander Hamilton and his
Eastern associates when, in return for
Southern support of Hamilton’s financial
schemes, the Capital was located on the
Potomac.
It has never been of any benefit to the
South that the National Capital was plac
ed where it now stands. On the other
hand, the immense advantages which the
capitalists of the North and East se
cured through Hamilton’s financial
schemes, have been a continual and enor
mous source of profit to them. It was
in this bargain concerning the National
Capital that the East first got the hold
upon the government which has enabled
naturally-barren New England to pro
duce the swarm of millionaires which
now endanger republican institutions.
As long as Washington City is the
nation’s Capital so long will the capital
ists of the East rule and exploit the in
dustrial classes of the entire Union.
If the Government should choose some
place in the Mississippi Valley,—some
place in Missouri, or Kansas, or Ne-
braska—and locate the Nation’s Capital
there, the heart-throb and the pulse-beat
of the people would be much more sensi
bly felt by legislators than it ever will
be in the East-ridden District of Colum
bia.
That a considerable number of our
statesmen, engaged in the national ser
vice, are literallv murdered by the climate
of Washington is a fact w r hich deserves
greater consideration than it receives.
When a brilliant and lovable young Sen
ator, like Bryan of Florida, is notoriously
and indisputably the victim of Washing
ton’s deadly climate, there is considera
ble passing comment upon the matter,
but the evil is treated as though it were
a necessary eyil. Some day, the sub
ject will challenge more serious atten
tion, and the country will wake up to
the fact that it is losing too much by al
lowing the rich men of the East to keep
the Nation’s Capital in a pestilential lo
cality where national legislation bends
most readily to the will of the exploiters
of Special Privilege.
H *
Holy the Late Takes From Many
and Gibes To a Telv.
When J. P. Morgan, Henry Frick,
Schwab, Corey, Gary, Phipps and others
organized the Steel Trust, they gathered
into one grand combination the greater
number of the plants engaged in the
iron and steel business, and they issued
new stocks and bonds to represent the
capitalization of the new corporation.
For the purpose of this article, we will
assume that the ’bonds fairly represented
the market value of the various plants. As
a matter of fact, there was a large amount
of water poured into the bonds, but let
that go; we will speak of. the Common
Stock only.
Os this Common Stock there was issued
$500,000,000, and there never was the
slightest pretense that it represented any
actual investment of money at all. It
was water, and nothing else. It cost
Morgan and his crowd the paper, the ink,
the engraving and the advertising—and
no more. In other words, this huge
amount of stock was of no real value
whatever, at the time it was issued.
The public, however, bought the worth
less stuff, and the proceeds of the sales
were divided among the rascals who is
sued it. In a short time, the public learn
ed how it had been gold-bricked by Mor
gan & Co., and Steel Common dropped
to zero. Thousands of innocent purchas
ers were beggared. Thousands of victims
were driven into the despairing army of
the homeless and the desperate and the
criminal.
With the loot, Morgan and his fellow
robbers built palaces, endowed churches,
gave freely to colleges, founded libra
ries, and made additions to their serag
lios and art galleries.
But the years glide by, the profits of
the Steel Trust become so much greater
than even the organizers of the Trust
expected that Steel Common acquires