PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events
Warships have been rushed by Taft to
Nicaraguan waters to “avenge” the deaths of
Bulldozing
Zelaya ?
President Zelaya, of Nicaragua.
Taft is said to be thoroughly aroused over
this “high-handed” proceeding!
Indeed! The true facts in this case are, of
course, not ascertainable in detail, but it ap
pears to be well established that the men were
tried at a fair court-martial, and given no
more than they deserved. In their possession
was found dynamite to blow up steamers, and
they had laid mines, one of which exploded
but fifteen yards from the ship Diamente.
Cannon had previously been concerned in the
revolution against Nicaragua from Honduras.
Now, one of the whys of these revolutions
in Central America is to produce that state of
apparent unrest which will enable the United
States and Mexico to step in and police the
region. The American interests in Panama
render it highly desirable (from. certain
points of view) that American domination
should be supreme throughout all the adjacent
countries. Now, it is customary to become
quite humorous in discussing these various
revolutions, because the casualties are so much
fewer than our daily list of automobile kill
ings, and such like. However, life is cheap in
the abstract, only; to each individual, life is
dear, and the fact that some must be killed in
any of these skirmishes is sufficiently serious
to the victims and their mourners. Therefore
any collusion to bring about revolution is ut
terly abominable. The question naturally
arises: what were these Americans doing in
foreign countries with loads of dynamite?
Was it a patriotic disposition to help an op
pressed people ? Or were they merely soldiers
of fortune, reckless of the cause they served?
Every indication points to the latter con
clusion, and unless it be clearly shown that
they were not given due legal trial Mr. Taft
has no occasion for grand-stand play of indig
nation. An American citizen of any real pa
triotism and desire to help an oppressed peo
ple. would better be at home fighting the Re
publican party, anyhow. Why must he trot
off to South America and stir up needless
strife?
The haste to recognize the insurgents
against Zelaya is in itself very significant.
What Zelaya has wrongfully done doesn’t
clearly appear, but evidentlv he, like Castro
and others, is an “undesirable”.
Innocent American citizens anywhere should
be entitled to the protection of the Flag, but
interested, incendiary Americans who expect
to be tin-gods-on-wheels in a new regime, be
cause of helping to overthrow the old, should
be made to abide the fortunes of war.
Incidental to the case of Dr. Elliott, the
murderer who was to have been hanged at La-
Strange Views
on Capital
Punishment.
that of his responsibility for
the crime develops in the view taken by the
Augusta Tieraid and the Dublin Courier-Dis
patcli as to executions. Says the first paper,
in brief:
“On the evening before the day set for his exe
cution, Dr. Elliott had taken six mercury tablets
with suicidal intent. He was found in his cell un
conscious. Had he been let alone, he would soon
have been dead. The prison officials and physi
cians took him in hand and, by the use of anti
dotes, saved bis li f e. For what? That on the
morrow he might be taken and killed. Exerting
themselves to prevent a man condemned to death
from dying quietly on his cot, that he might be
two American citizens, Messrs.
Cannon and Grace, who were
shot for complicity in the re
bellion in progress against
grange, Georgia, and whose
sentence has been commuted
bv Governor Brown, a ques
tion more interesting than
Gb*
publicly and most brutally put to death the next
day.”
Commenting unfavorably on this editorial,
the Dispatch remarks:
“Dr. Elliott had violated one of the laws of
God by attempting suicide. Had he been hanged,
he would have gone to his death without an op
portunity of asking forgiveness for a heinous sin.
“We gather from the Herald’s editorial that it
would not object to a law permitting an officer
surreptitiously injecting an opiate into the arm
of a condemned man and making him insensible
to the approaching execution. A few swallows of
some strong brandy would perhaps put a man in
such condition that he would not much care
whether he be hanged or not. Laughing gas
would send him to the gallows smiling and hap
py. Any of these means would rob the gallows
of its horror; but to employ them would be to
endorse Ingersol and to deny that God lives and
reigns.”
The Dispatch takes a queer view for this
century. The extinction of life was what we
supposed the Law aimed at, not making the
method thereof as bad as possible. On the
theory of the Dispatch, why should the con
demned be fed? By refusing food, he could
be made much weaker and more apt to be ter
rorized; and isn't brandy or whisky invaria
bly given? In fact, the brutality of hanging
is so atrocious that it is consideration for their
own feelings of sympathy, rather than desire
to help the condemned, which leads officers to
do all in their power to make the victim face
his fate stoically. Hanging is one of the rel
ics of the dark ages, anyhow, which must go.
While capital punishment may not be abol
ished, the method of carrying out executions
has been steadily tending to things less brutal
and brutalizing. The exemplary “public
hanging” went, because the spectacle was de
moralizing instead of salutary, and the Au
gusta Herald's heart seems in the right place;
but suicide is always to be combatted, and life
saved, for what is despair one day may be
changed to complete relief or happiness to
morrow, so that it is the duty of officers and
physicians to restore the patient, not that he
may be “brutally put to death”, but that, as in
the present instance, he may live to thank
them for preventing his doing an irreparable
wrong to himself and those who love him.
The Oklahoma land fraud cases are, at last,
to be heard, after various demurrers and
strenuous efforts to quash these
Trial of
Haskell.
for alleged conspiracies and practice of fraud
on the government in reference to those In
dian lands.
A mass meeting was held by a large number
of Chicago negroes who called upon the gov-
Got It, in
Illinois.
two weeks ago. Meantime the citizens of
Cairo intend to commemorate their week of
riot by a monument on the spot where Annie
Pel ley was attacked, which is also the spot
where the negro James was burned by the
mob, the idea being to provide a permanent
warning that crimes of the character of which
the girl was a victim will not be tolerated.
That is going some for a Northern State
and shows plainly how the antagonism be
tween the races spreads, constantly augmented
and stimulated by the crimes of the negroes
against white women. The spirit of the white
man is the same whenever he is confronted
with the same conditions, regardless of what
he may have imagined his feelings were, and
regardless of what he says the feelings of oth
er men ought to be.
* ♦ » ♦
proceedings. Governor Charles
N. Haskell and five other Okla
homans will have to stand trial
ernor of the State to avenge the
lynching of James, the black
brute, who was put to death by
women at Cairo, Illinois, about
Z/5 HTom Dolan
An instance of this that is decidedly amus
ing is the situation which has developed at
Folcroft, Pennsylvania. Be it known that
Pennsylvania is a State so Republican that a
casual Democrat caught within its borders is
put in a museum and exhibited as a freak.
In this little town there are many handsome
homes of white citizens, but it chances that
there are a lot of negroes who desire to make
a borough of Folcroft, which would make the
white citizens of Folcroft come under the
domination of a black majority.
Robert Kelson, a negro contractor, said,
“We want to make Folcroft essentially a col
ored borough, a place for colored persons to
reside. We are the majority here.” Said a
prominent white citizen, “Folcroft will never
become a colored borough; the court would
never dare to give it a charter under such con
ditions.”
And why not, pray? The dear Republi
cans of Pennsylvania are always exceedingly
worried that the negro in the South does not
get political office, and they ought to hail with
delight a chance to make him supreme in the
towns where they have their own homes. If
the negro can be collector of port and of in
ternal revenue and enjoy governmental posi
tions that enable him to have white employ
ees and force white citizens to transact their
business with him, in the South, why should
he not be mayor and councilman in the land
where he is so lauded and commiserated?
We turn in dumb horror from the headlines
telling of mine disasters, for each new one
The Cherry
Mine
Disaster.
guished crowds that watch and weep at the
opening to the mines. No suspense can be so
great as that felt by the loved ones of the
men —the heroes—entombed in a mine. Are
they yet alive? Can they be saved before the
slow, devouring flames reach them, or the
floods cover them, or they suffocate in dark
ness, or starve like prisoned rats? And the
awful moment when the bodies begin to be
brought to the light of day!
Are these accidents unpreventable ? Is
there no system of inspection, are there no
safeguards, that would render mining less
hazardous? Or isn’t it true that life is so
cheap, and mine-owners so callous that neg
lect is responsible for many of these catas
trophes? It must be so. We know that of
all workers the miner is probably the most
miserably underpaid, subjected to the most
atrocious hardships, and is the most ruthless
ly robbed and the condition of mines and
mine-workers should be made the subject of
rigid investigation and immediate improve
ment. The public is paying heavily for its
fuel, and the profit apparently is split up be
tween the Coal Barons and the Railroad
Kings. The wretched slave who toils in the
dark, amid noxious gases, often in water up
to his knees, gets nothing but the probability
of leaving his family destitute some day
when there is an explosion in the mine.
What splendid heroism is displayed,
though, every time humanity confronts such
calamities. Rescuers go down, regardless
that the mine is a trap that may any moment
catch and kill them, and what nobility has
been that of the Cherry miners, some of
whom, after seven days, were taken out alive
to tell of bravery, patience and endurance so
great that the soul exults in it. “Common
people”, these. But if these ordinary men,
poor and generally illiterate, are made of
such stuff, then out upon the petty snob who
seems worse than the last.
The calamity at Cherry, Il
linois, hurts the heart with
an almost physical pain, as in
spirit we stand with the an-