PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
WHO IS THE INCENDIARY?
Two distinct classes of newspapers have de
veloped in this country during the last thirty
years. Even so late as ten years after the
Civil War journalistic differences were due in
the main to matters of political principle or
expediency.
The nation’s economic development, and es
pecially the aggressions of combined wealth,
have brought about a journalistic division
heretofore unknown. The line is drawn clear
ly between the newspapers which champion
the right* of the whole people and those which
sincerely, or for secret profit, advocate the
interests of the great aggregations of capital.
“Conservatism” is the chief boast of the
latter class. “Radical,” “intemperate,”
“undignified,” “revolutionary” and “incen
diary” are their favorite terms for the class
opposed.
So today the “conservatives” are the news
papers which speak for Wall street and the
corporations in praise of Aldrich, Cannon and
Cortelyou. The “incendiaries” are the ones
that represent President Roosevelt and his
progressive policies.
The ablest exponent of this journalistic con
servatism unquestionably is the New York
Sun. No other newspaper has railed so con
sistently and persistently against the intem
perate language and dangerous radicalism of
Roosevelt. Presumably as an example of tem
perance, conservatism, dignity and patriotism
the Sun printed this editorial Tuesday morn
ing:
“Roosevelt does not need regiments of sol
diers and machine guns to overthrow the
American government. He effects it with the
disciplined menials, whom he sent as dele
gates to the Chicago mocker} 7 .
“There was a time in our history when, if
a man had attained the present political sta
ture of Roosevelt, and had done it by honest
and reputable means, the people would have
been jealous and would have looked upon him
with suspicion and askance.
“What is there in store for a people which
sees its heritage violated and its shrines pol
luted and is content?
“Is that people not likely to get its des
erts?
“When the debauch begun today is com
pleted, will not repining be vain?
“The Roosevelt trained swine, fattened at
the federal trough, are turned loose and the
vineyard of our fathers is ravished and de
filed.”
Now, since that editorial was not the shriek
of a parlor Socialist nor the common yawp
of a successor to Herr Most, let us examine,
with all the calmness possible to one of the
“incendiary” class, what dire deeds and the
ories have prompted those fearsome words.
The essence of the Roosevelt policies is
equal opportunity. That was not thought
such a bad doctrine when the nation was
founded. Looking backward, we see that it
was the roek upon which the nation has been
built. The mere fact that Roosevelt calls
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
equal opportunity “the square deal” scarcely
seems to justify so loud an outcry against an
invisible despotism.
It is true, that even so sacred a thing in the
Sun’s eyes as a railroad is regarded by Roose
velt as a public highway, which must be con
ducted primarily to benefit the public and
which should be prevented from wronging the
public,' even for the sake of larger dividends
and better bond prices. Perhaps this is what
constitutes the violation of our heritage. •
Roosevelt, w© must admit, believes that the
labor union and the trust should be held to
like accountability before the law, in that the
rights of each should be safeguarded and the
wrongs punished. Perhaps it is .that policy
that gives to the Sun its vision of our
“shrines polluted.”
Roosevelt has such radical ideas about the
individual’s rights in his own stomach that
he forced many wealthy and highly respecta
ble firms and combinations to cease profitable
poisoning of the people’s food. “The Roose
velt-trained swine” surely must have some
subtle connection with his confiscatory en
forcement of cleanliness in the packing houses.
Roosevelt’s greatest work, of course, has
been the beginning of the conservation of all
natural resources, the development of the
waterways and the salvation of the forests
and public lands. That, presumably, is the
ravishing of “the vineyard of our Fathers.”
“Defilement” is a term which is more puz
zling. We do not see its exact application to
the Roosevelt doctrine that wealth carries no
exemption from obedience to the law and that
no twilight exists where a corporation can
stand more powerful than the laws of God
and man. Yet to no other source can we trace
this example of the Sun’s “conservatism.”
We commend a frequent re-reading of that
editorial expression of what is in the hearts
of the self-styled conservatives. “When you
see it in the Sun it’s so,” is unquestionably
true in regard to those amazing utterances be
ing the frank voicing of the sentiments of a
certain class of the American people.—North
American.
CONCERNING “GOVERNMENT BY
INJUNCTION.”
The republican party will uphold at all
times the authority and integrity of the
courts, state and federal, and will ever in
sist that their powers to enforce their process
and to protect life, liberty and property shall
be preserved inviolate. We believe, however,
that the rule of procedure in the federal
courts with respect to the issuance of writs
of injunction should be more accurately de
fined by statute, and that no injunction or
temporary restraining order should be issued
without notice except where irreparable in
jury would result from delay, in which case
a speedy hearing thereafter should be granted.
—Republican National Platform.
There is the much vaunted “ anti-injune
tion” plank of the republican platform. It U
a jaw without teeth. In effect, it declares the
republican party’s belief that federal courts
should be “nice”; or, if they can’t be nice,
they should at least be discreet, in spanking
labor at the behest of capital.
The plank that ought to have gone into the
platform would read like this:
“We oppose the growing practice of the
federal courts to assume the police powers of
the cities and states. We believe that the
use of the writ of injunction in capital and
labor disputes ihould be prohibited by stat
ute.”
That would have been understood by the
common man. It would have meant some
thing more than a cowardly verbal false pre
tense, got up to fool the workingman with’
the necessary vote.
When a judge reaches outside of his court
room into the street to punish a citizen for ex
pressing contempt for the court’s rulings,
he strikes down the right of free speech and
shows good cause for being held in contempt.
The federal courts, under repeated stretch
ings of their power to punish for contempt,
have usurped in large part the enforcement
of police regulations as against striking work
ingmen employed by great corporations.
Doubtless these courts abuse their power in
other ways, but it is their abuse of their pow
er in this class of cases that has made it a
national scandal, so that the president of the '
United States felt called upon publicly to re
buke one of the judges and the national con
vention of the dominant party has felt called
upon to pretend to echo that rebuke.
Federal judges have ordered bodies of work
ingmen not to strike, under peril of being
held in “contempt of court” and punished
accordingly. They have ordered bodies of
workingmen not to meet, even in their own
halls, to discuss a strike. They have in va
rious other ways trampled upon the funda
mentaDrights of American citizens, until they
have come to be held in contempt, and even
hatred, by a large number of citizens of all
political parties.
This is as much to be deplored as anything
well could be, for it is essential to public
peace that the mass of the people should have
faith in the fairness of their courts of jus
tice.
Os the twenty-five United States district
judges, twenty-one graduated to the bench
from the employ of corporations. A major
ity of the twenty-five were railroad lawyers
when they assumed the ermine.
It goes without saying that they are men of
superior ability or they would never have
won the distinction in private practice that
made them eligible to appointment upon the
federal bench.
Most of them were appointed at the solici
tation of United States senators and power
ful representatives, themselves indebted to
railroad and other corporate backing for po
litical eminence. This explains their pres
ence upon the federal bench in numbers bo
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)