PAGE SIX
PARMENS’ UNION DEPARTMENT
FREE EDUCATION.
It is strange that all farmers, gardeners,
stockmen, etc., do not avail themselves of the
bulletins published by the Agricultural De
partment. Most of them can be had for the
asking, and where a charge is made, it is on
ly nominal. Write your member of Congress
mid ask him to have you put on the mail list
for publication sent out periodically (month
ly. we believe), containing by title a list of
new bulletins, republished bulletins, includ
ing list of other valuable bulletins, etc. When
you see a bulletin on a subject where you
need education, just ask for it. That’s all.
Any fanner can thus secure an unequaled li
brary for practically nothing. He can make
it a very handsome library, too, by selecting
bulletins on given subjects—for instance,
“The Tomato,” ‘The Cucumber,” and other
plants; dairy subjects, swine, sheep, cattle,
horses, farm buildings, the garden—in fact,
everything upon Which the farmer, big
boys and girls need education —and have
them bound in volumes of convenient size, in
uniform cover. This is from experience by
the writer, who has some hundreds of them.
And these statements apply also to bulletins
of the various state experiment stations, by
applying to the proper authorities. The na
tional government and all the state govern
ments are doing noble work in painstaking
endeavors to help the people from an educa
tional point of view. We must confess, how
ever, that the farmers especially do not act
as if they have anything like due apprecia
tion of these efforts. —The Farmer.
WHY DO BOYS LEAVE THE FARM?
The various cities and towns of the state
are crowded with young men who have left
their country homes to make their way in
life in the town. This is a sad drain upon the
country, which needs these ambitious young
men, with the strength, vitality and enthu
siasm of youth, and the question is often
asked: Why is it that the boys leave the
farm?
The answer is not far to seek. These young
men leave the farm because they believe that
the town offers them a better opportunity for
making money. It is this making money and
what it represents, which is almost always the
first consideration that leads men to change
their business or employment, and this is per
fectly proper and right. Money represents
home comforts, the advantages which a fam
ily may enjoy and what is necessary to make
a home happy. And because young men be
lieve that the city offers them better oppor
tunities for making money they come to the
city.
Looking at city work only from this stand
point they see the men who have been suc
cessful in the city. They do not see the much
larger number who have not been successful,
and who have exchanged the independence of
farm life for the grinding toil of the city,
where they eke out a precarious existence.
There are men in the cities and towns, an
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
army of them, who left the farm believing
that in the city they would prosper more, and
who from their experience have learned that
all that glitters is not gold, and that the
application and effort required to win suc
cess in the city, if applied on the farm, would
be more certain of bringing success.
It is true that the average farmer is mak
ing but a scant subsistence from the farm.
But this is largely due to the crude and
unprogressive methods employed. The farm
ers in most cases are content to follow the
old system, Which Was good enough when all
the conditions of business corresponded with
it. But business methods have entirely
changed. The merchant who would now at
tempt to do business after the fashion of
fifty years ago would speedily go to the wall,
and the same applies to all other city busi
nesses. It applies also to the farm, and the
farmer w 7 ho tries to farm as his father and
grandfather did is the farmer who finds farm
ing an unprofitable business, while other farm
ers who employ more scientific and improved
methods are making money.
That there is money in farming is abund
antly proven by the many farmers who are
making money. If one farmer can do this,
another can do the same. There is money in
farming if it is properly done, and not only
that, there is greater assurance of success
than in any other business; and besides all
that there is in an independence in farm life
such as cannot be found in any other busi
ness.
If the farmers’ sons could only understand
this they would cease to look upon the city
with longing eyes, and instead apply them
selves with youthful enthusiasm to perfecting
themselves in farm knowledge. To young men
of this class an excellent opportunity is of
fered in the cotton school which will be op
erated by the state college of agriculture in
Athens for the ten days inclusive from Jan
uary 6 to 17, of w 7 hich all who can should
avail themselves. —Augusta Herald.
THE FERTILIZER TAG.
Here is food for the Farmers’ Union. There
is a bill now pending before the legislature
to increase the price of fertilizer tags from
ten cents to twenty-five. Last year accord
ing to a report of the agricultural commission
er there was sold in Georgia over seventy-eight
thousand dollars worth of tags at ten cents;
to increase the price to twenty-five cents will
increase the amount to about one hundred and
eighteen thousand dollars. In other words,
it will be a direct loss to the farmer of
that much, for the farmer will pay this in
crease in tags. What is claimed by the advo
cates of this bill? That the farmers of Georgia
are now paying this extra fifteen cents per
, ton as the price of tags in Carolina is twen-
’ ty-five cents and in Alabama is 30 cents and
, the guano people are charging the farmers of
. Georgia the same price for guano as they do
i the farmers of these other states thereby robr
bing the farmers of Georgia of fifteen
cents per ton. Now if this is true (and I
believe it is, from the best information I can
get), shall we legalize a robbery, or does it
make it any less a robbery to legalize it? If
the guano people are robbing the farmers of
Georgia of one hundred and eighteen thou
sand dollars a year and have been for a num
ber of years, should the farmers not make
some effort to relieve themselves of this tax
instead of passing a bill to increase the tax
on fertilizers?
This bill has already passed the house and
is now pending in the senate. It is advocated
by the Governor of the State, for what pur
pose ? To give this increase to the ag
ricultural schools of the state. This
tax is drawn from every man in the
state running a farm, is it right to take
it from all the farmers and place it in agri
cultural schools where only a few boys in
Georgia will ever receive the benefit of it,
and a few broken-down politicians to receive
a fat salary as managers and teachers? I
say not. Who is at the head of these schools?
Asew 7 broken-down politicians w 7 ho have nev
er made a success of farming, and they are
the men to teach agriculture, men who are
pencil farmers, who can tell all about farm- *
ing, and do not know anything about practi
cal farming, and yet the farmers of Georgia
are to be taxed fifteen cents per ton on guano
to make fat jobs for these people. I for one
am opposed to the bill and will do all in my
power to defeat it. I hope the farmers of
Georgia will speak out and let us know their
feelings in the matter. Will write again.
WM. HALDEN.
Senator 18th District.
WE MUST STOP LAND-ROBBING AND
START LAND-BUILDING.
The farmers of The Progressive Farmers’
territory—North Carolina and the adjoining
states —spend $50,000,000 a year for commer
cial fertilizers; an amount great enough for a
king’s ransom and twenty-five times the total
amount of taxes collected by an average south
ern state. Our farmers might w 7 ell spend $50,-
000,000 a year (and more) for commercial
fertilizers judiciously bought, but our present
widespread recklessness in purchasing and
handling them means a loss of untold millions
every year. Yes, millions; not merely thou
sands or tens of thousands or hundreds of thou
sands of dollars, but the farmers in that part
of the South covered by The Progressive
Farmer alone are actually losing millions up
on millions every year by not giving more
earnest heed to this matter of judiciously us
ing fertilizers. The money lost here in the
course of a single year w 7 ould probably put a
new coat of paint on every farm house in the
Carolinas and Virginia.
Understand our point: The millions are
not lost by buying $50,000,000 worth, but by
failure to apply to the right crops and the
right soils and in the right proportions.