0l)e
VOLUME PIVE
NUMBER THIRTEEN
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
SOUTHERN WOMANHOOD.
While the editor of this journal was
born and raised in the North, and
married a Northern woman, and all of
'his and his wife’s relatives are North
ern born, and are still residents of
that section, yet he has had an abun
dant opportunity to know something
of “Southern Womanhood,” as we
have visited many, many sections of
the South, and have been entertained
by the rich and the poor, the educated
and the uneducated; in fact, there is
no phase of “Southern Womanhood”
but what we believe we are acquaint
ed with, and “Southern Womanhood”
is as true to the ring of pure daugh
ters and pure mothers and wives as
anywhere man may go, I care not
whether he travels north, south, east
or west.
While the North can boast of more
wealth, and while she can boast that
Northern Womanhood is equal to the
womanhood of any section on earth,
she can not boast of a purer woman
hood than “Dixie’s Land”; and no
individual of the North but a de
praved craven would be guilty of such
a crime; however, we are sorry to say
that such cravens with their carrion
beaks dipped deep into the putridness
of festering swill, have seen fit to
charge against “Southern Woman
hood” a crime that would make even
the gaudy dressed harlot of the street
shudder with shame.
From the columns of “The Chris
tian Advocate,” published at Dallas,
Texas, we quote below what this
“Christian Advocate” clipped from
the columns of “Collier’s Weekly,”
published in New York City; and this
“Christian Advocate,” in our estima
tion, but feebly condemned this dia
bolical fling at “Southern Woman
hood”; the clipping follows:
“It is well known that many iden
tifications are sheer hysteria, often
for crimes that were never commit
ted, and many other charges and iden
tifications are founded on something
worse than hysterical invention; hey
are the easiest escape from sea* .dal.
Now these are not the things to say,
no doubt. They altogether lack chiv
alry and the aristocratic virtues, but
perhaps it is time to put justice and
truth above ‘honor,’ whatever that
may be.”
The above clipping from “Collier’s
Weekly,” which goes into thousands
of Southern homes each v eek, is a
part of an editorial in that journal
relative to the deeds of the black rape
fiends of the South, and this dastard
ly vomit from the maw of “Collier’s
Weekly,” is enough to cause every
decent man and woman in the South,
which it so villainously, wantonly and
ignorantly belies, to rise up as one
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON D. WATSON
man, and compel “Collier’s Weekly”
tc apologize for its black and nasty
insinuations, or else debar that jour
nal from the portals of their homes.
Listen! ‘ ‘ Collier ’s Weekly ’ ’ says:
“It is well known that many iden
tifications are sheer hysteria, often for
crimes that were never committed,
and many other charges and identifi
cations are founded on something
worse than hysterical invention, they
are the easiest escape from scandal.”
—tßy this statement, does “Collier’s
Weekly” propose to brand Southern
women as cohabiting with black
brutes, and for fear of being betrayed
by the bhite, will then raise the cry
of “ Rape”? You say, Mr. “Collier’s
Weekly,” that your malicious state
ments are “well known.”—-The Rip-
Saw says, It’s a lie as black as hell,
and you can’t prove your statement
to be true.
Mr. “Collier’s Weekly,” if you, at
no distant day, find your “A-dollar
down-and-a-dollar-a-month’ ’ business
petering out, in that section which
you so maliciously brand with such a.
dastardly charge, you need not.be sur
prised, unless we have judged wrong
ly the fathers, the husbands, and the
brothers of the Southland.*
Just such as you, Mr. “Collier’s
Weekly, ’ ’ is what whets the appetite
of the brutish “coon” and makes
him commit his fiendish crimes upon
the mothers, wives and daughters of
the South.
‘Burley Tobacco Society
Interesting Account of the Rise and Progress of This
Important Organization.
G. J. Hunt, of Winchester, Clarke
county, Ky., member of the Burley
Tobacco Society of Kentucky, which
is a branch of the American Society
of Equity, is in Richmond.
Mr. Hunt, when seen by a reporter
for this paper, was greatly elated over
the recent signal victory achieved by
the hurley tobacco growers of the
West over the American Tobacco Com
pany, which resulted in nearly 100,-
000,000 pounds of burley being bought
in by the tobacco trust at substantial
figures from planters who had pooled
their product for two years, 1906 and
1907, and who had refused to plant
tobacco during 1908.
The history of the formation and
operation of the Burley Tobacco So
ciety as recounted by Mr. Hunt was
not more instructive than interesting.
The society consists of a federation of
planters and sympathizers banded to
gether for the protection of the bur-
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, April 8, 1909
Listen how the above quotation
from “Collier’s Weekly” sneeringly
winds up: — “Perhaps it is time to
put justice and truth above ‘honor,’
whatever that may be.” — No wonder
that a journal which inquires what
“honor” means, dared to publish
such a dastardly article; as from the
query in regard to what “honor”
means, which that sheet seems not to
know, perhaps it is, in away, pardon
able for publishing this dishonorable
tirade against “Southern Woman
hood. ’ ’
We have known for many years
that the Roman Catholic Church was
reaching out for the negro, in order
to make him a part of their super
stitious institution, and thereby con
trol both his pocketbook and his vote;
but we did not, nor do not yet know,
just what machinery it is using to
bring this about. But we are now
constrained to ask if it is possible
that your “Uncle Peter Fenlin Col
lier,” whose name “Collier’s Week
ly” bears, and who sits away up un
der the eaves of the Vatican, has
been delegated to woo the “coon”
into its fold by vilifying “Southern
Womanhood,” in order to gain the
confidence of the blacks of the South?
—Will “Uncle Peter” please answer?
—“Collier’s Weekly” makes a spe
cialty of condemning Socialism with
the same villainous attacks as it does
‘ ‘ Southern Womanhood. ’’ National
Rip-Saw.
ley interests of their State and sec
tion. They opposed a boycott of
prices with a boycott of tobacco. The
history of the movement is given sub
stantially as follows by Mr. Hunt,
who is a native of Kentucky, a mem
ber of the league, and one prominent
in and thoroughly familiar with the
history of the movement from its in
cipiency.
According to Mr. Hunt, for several
years prior to 1906 the American To
bacco Company had held the price of
burley leaf tobacco in the West down
to figures ranging from 5 to 7 cents
a pound, or an average of not more
than 6 cents. To accomplish this ob
ject the trust had cut out all compe
tition on the open market. It had
next appointed agents to traverse the
burley belt and purchase crops from
the planters while the tobacco still
hung in the barns.
The control of the burley belt was
rendered the more easy by reason of
the fact that it is comprised within
forty-two counties. Os these thirty
six lie in Kentucky, four in Ohio, and
two in Indiana. It is said by Mr.
Hunt that matters had come to such
a pass just prior to 1906 that when
an agent for the trust approached a
tobacco grower and inspected his
crop, he would offer him a price. If
this price was refused as too small
and as not covering the expenses of
growing the tobacco, the planter was
asked, “ Well, what will you do about
it? If you turn me down, who will
purchase your holdings?”
It was further said by Mr. Hunt
that such agent would at once tele
graph to the city agents of the trust,
telling them what had been offered
for-such and such a crop, and direct
ing them not to overbid this offer.
From such tactics the planter had no
redress.
In order to combat such conditions
the Burley Tobacco Society was
formed. This society was a confed
eration of planters. In 1906 it began
active operations by pooling the bur
ley crop with the design of holding
the entire output in large warehouses.
It was successful in cornering about
60,000,000 pounds. In the next year,
1907, it pursued similar tactics and
this year gathered in about 90,000,-
000. During these years the trust
made no offers of purchase and the
large bulk of the two years’ crops
was carefully hoarded by the Burley
Society.
Changed Its Tactics.
In the year 1908 the society pur
sued different tactics. It decided to
discontinue the growing of the crop
altogether. In certain sections such
crops as were planted were destroyed
by bands of men. Such depredators
became quickly known as night riders.
The operations of such organizations,
however, are said to have been greatly
exaggerated, and most acts of van
dalism are now attributed to the con
duct of militia sent by the State
for the suppression of such alleged
actions on the part of suspected
planters.
In 1908 an agreement was entered
into by about ninety per cent of the
planters to entirely abandon the grow
ing of hurley tobacco. By this time
the supply of the American Tobacco
Co. was nearly exhausted. In the
meantime considerable suffering and
deprivation had been undergone by
the poorer growers of hurley tobacco,
so that the Burley Tobacco Society
was forced to distribute as much as
SIOO,OOO to tide the suffering planters
over the dreadful crisis and prevent
(Continued on Page Eleven.)
Price Five Cents