Italy, including Sicily and Sardinia. 285,731
Russian Empire and Finland 258,943
Total Asia 40,524
France, including Corsica 9,731
German Empire 37,807
Norway 22,133
Ireland 34,530
• Scotland 19,740
Can we not at once see from this table that
the decaying nations of Europe are emptying
their jails and pauper houses upon our shores,
and can we not further see that the best blood
of Europe is rapidly ceasing to flow this way!
There was a time in our history when two
thirds of our immigrants came from people
of our own blood in western Europe. Now,
they come slowly, because they fear the evils
certain to follow in the wake of this mael
strom of pauperized humanity.
There is one thing I would like to impress
upon some of the gentlemen who have dis
cussed this question, and that is, that there is
such a thing as too much labor. If there
should be sent to the South as many foreign
laborers as some gentlemen think we need, the
very next cotton crop would be twenty mil
lions of bales, and the price therefor would
immediately decrease to 5 cents per pound.
It is useless to discuss the evils that would
necessarily follow. We are receiving a profit
able price today for the great Southern sta
ple, because of the world’s demand for the
same. price of the staple largely
depends Southern prosperity, and whenever
we increase the crop to an amount greater
than the world’s consumption the former
hardships of that section will return again.
There is practically no limit to cotton pro
duction. Millions of acres of our most fruit
ful lands have never been touched by the
plowshare. In order to keep down overproduc
tion and, consequently, depreciation in price,
the farmers in recent years have held many
conventions for the avowed purpose of reduc
ing the production. I again assert that I can
conceive of no calamity more dangerous to the
well-being of the South than the importation
of cheap labor into that section.
I want to make a little argument on this
point. So long as we are separated by the
wall of protection from foreign markets, on
which we depend for the consumption of two
thirds of our cotton, just so long will there
be such a thing as- overproduction. Whenever
we have access to the 500,000,000 of half
naked people of the Orient and South Amer
ica, who want our products, then you may
come around and we will reason together about
increasing production in the South.
Mr. Hall of lowa. I wanted to know, if we
were able to manufacture all the cotton in the
world, wherein the breaking down of the wall
of protection would create greater consump
tion here.
Mr. Byrd. That is something it seems you
Republicans can never understand. You be
lieve the United States is all the world. You
forget the six hundred millions to the south
and west of us, who are crying for American
cotton goods. Now, what I want is to . open
our doors and give every naked heathen a cot
ton shirt. (Applause.)
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Mr. Hull of lowa. Because you can now
sell your surplus there just the same as if
there was no tariff here.
Mr. Byrd. That simply shows that you do
not know what you are talking about. (Laugh
ter.)
Mr. Hull of lowa. The foreigner has the
same right to buy here now that he would have
if you repealed our tariff.
Mr. Byrd. What we need is open doors
and an open commerce like England has. She
is our agent for selling our cotton products
in foreign markets. We should become our
own agent. While England is finding a market
for eleven or twelve millions of bales for us
we could, by adopting her policy, join hands
with her and find markets for twenty millions.
Mr. Favrot. The gentleman has got away
from the subject. The question is foreign
immigration. Now, the gentleman knows and
I know—
Mr. Byrd. Do not argue. Just ask your
question.
Mr. Favrot. You know and I know that you
give a negro 50 acres of land and he will cul
tivate, maybe, 7 acres of it. You give an
Italian 50 acres of land and that entire 50
acres will produce something. Now, does not
that add to the productive capacity of the
country and add to the wealth of the coun
try?
Mr. Byrd. But when you take the man who
tills 50 acres of cotton and who lives on one
fourth the amount that an intelligent white
man could live on and support his family de
cently, when you put this white man in com
petition with a man who does not believe in
any of the essentials of American society, who
substitutes the voodoo doctor for the physi
cian, who believes not in Sunday schools and
churches, who does not comprehend the neces
sity of education for his children nor the
obligation that he owes to society, then you are
reducing him to a plane of the most miserable
wretches of God’s creation.
Mr. Favrot. Oh, no;.you are mistaken about
that.
Mr. Byrd. I know well of what I speak. I
have witnessed the degradation of certain of
this foreign element in my own section, who
prefer a hut to a home, who believe not in
the American idea of home comforts, who pre
fer a monkey and an organ to a piano, who
pack their children aw 7 ay like sardines in their
crowded huts. In other words, most of them
live a life of utte rdegradation, and I am not
one to make the honest yeomanry of my sec
tion labor in competition with such people.
(Applause.)
Mr. Favrot. I want to correct the gentle
man. The Italian in my country sends his
children to school, and he will walk many miles
to do it, and the next generation of Italians
are as good Americans as the gentleman from
Texas and myself.
Mr. Byrd. When I say Italians I do not
mean all of that race. We are willing for
that class to come, my friend. (Laughter.)
On that kind of immigrants we do not have
to spend a quarter of a million to get them in.
They will come though they have to climb in. I
have the pleasure of saying that one of Missis
sippi’s governors was of this descent, but not
from the Sicilian class, commonly called “ da
goes. ’ ’ Hundreds of them may be seen in
New Orleans today, three generations from
Italy, still pushing carts, yelling, “Banans!
Banans!! Banans!!!” (Applause.)
Mr. Chairman, I hope this House will not
pass this measure, for in so doing w T e will be
giving the approval of the American people to
an increased importation of this undesirable
class. Our vote for this bill will be published
all over southern Europe, and will be accept
ed by all classes as an invitation to come. In
the name of reason, why should we insist
on swelling the already overflowing tide?
Have we not enough of the unemployed and
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
The largest school of Bookkeeping, Business
Training, Shorthand and Typewriting in the
state. Positions secured. Fill in and mail for
catalog.
Name
Address
(1) First six numbers Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine bound in cloth makes a most valuable
book for the library and for permanent, con
venient use.
Price, postpaid s2.o®.
As a premium it goes to you for a club of 4
new subscribers and $4.00.
There are only 287 of the No. 1 Book.
Beautifully and profusely Illustrated and fill
ed with a great variety of the best literature.
Address
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ge.
Taylor-Trotwood Magneto® aad Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one yearß2.Bß
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s Jef
fersonian Magas toe. Both ©a® yearß2-15
World’s Events and Watson’s Weekly Jedter
sontoa. Both eno year... 81,78
World’s Events aad Watson’s Jofferoondan
Magnetos. Both one yearß2.o6
The Travel Magazine aad Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one yearß2.o6
The Travel MagaMne and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year 8°
Holland’s Magastoe and Watson’s Weekly JeT
ferseaton. Both one year 82436
Holland’s Magastoe and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magastoe. Beth one year92.2B
The Metropolitan Magastoe and Watoen’s
Weekly Jeffersonian Both one year 800
The Metropolitan Magastoe and Wateon’s Jed
tersentoa Magasine. Both eno yearß&2B
Odum Clark’s magazine and Watson’s Weekly
both one year 81.88
Odum Clark’s magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine, both one year 81.88
Address
THE JKFFKRggNIAN. Thomsen, te.
Bargain in Typewriters
Two No. 3 Olivers and one Fay-
Sholes. Nearly new. Great bar
gains.
THE JEFFERSONIAN - Thomson, Ga.
PAGE SEVEN