certain extent, helpless, although his own
conduct was full of error. His conspic
uous absence from Nebraska when Mr.
Watson was stumping the state for him.
amounted to a cruel insult unprecedented
in recent political history.
In 1904, Mr. Bryan’s capitulation to
Wall street was again involuntary. From
the standpoint of party discipline he was
forced to bow to the Gold Standard,
which he had vowed he would never en
dorse. From the standpoint of party, he
was compelled to acquiesce in the nomi
nation of Parker, whom he had denounc
ed as Wall street’s candidate and as unfit
for the nomination. We have never
been able to understand, however, by
what process of reasoning Mr. Bryan con
verted himself into such a violent Parker
advocate a few weeks after that unfit gen
tleman secured "the nomination.
In 1908, all is different. Mr. Bryan is
under no duress of any kind—excepting
that coercion which is born of an ex
ceeding desire for the presidency.
Wall street does not control the Ne
braska Democracy. Wall street was not
holding the pen when Mr. Bryan sat
down to sketch the platform upon which
he is to make his third race. Therefore,
we must now accept the Nebraska plat
form as the deliberate expression of Mr.
Bryan’s matured convictions.
This Nebraska platform of Mr. Bryan
must be studied in the light of his prev
ious record, and his speeches in 1896,
1900 and 1904. It must be compared to
what he has heretofore professed as his
life-creed. In his book, “The First Bat
tle,” and in his various written and
spoken declarations of faith and purpose,
Mr. Bryan has been considered as a Jef
fersonian Democrat, a bi-metallist, a
Greenbacker, a reformer who opposed the
national banking system, and the asset
currency system, and who favored public
ownership of public utilities, and the ini
tiative and referendum. We think that
those who are familiar with the Bryan of
1896 will fail to recognize him in the
Bryan of 1908.
In the Nebraska platform which he
wrote and had adopted, there is a sur
render of principle which surpasses the
capitulation of 1904.
Not a word does Mr. Bryan now say
in favor of Direct Legislation. Not a
word does he say in £avor of government
ownership. Instead of declaring against
the national banking system, as in 1900,
he now proposes to give to the system a
governmental guaranty which would per
petuate that hateful form of class-domina
tion. Not a crumb of comfort does he
fling to the Greenbackers. The govern
ment must not exercise its sovereign right
to issue money directly to the people, but
must supply “emergency currency” by
lending it to the patriotic banks.
Not a word does Mr. Bryan say against
our bond-secured currency system —a sys
tem which is detested wherever it is un
derstood.
Determined, just as Mr. Hearst was, to
dodge the money question, Mr. Bryan
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
declares that the panic of 1907-8 was and
is due to speculation and stock-watering,
whereas every student who understands
the facts knows that the panic of 1907-8
is the direct and logical outgrowth of our
vicious financial system which concen
trates the small amount of real money in
New York and gives the Wall street ras
cals the power to contract the circulation.
Speculation and stock-watering of
themselves never cause a panic. Tens of
thousands of victims are robbed and ruin
ed, but the money continues to circulate
and the country at large is not affected.
It is only when the money is taken out
of circulation that paralysis and panic
smites the whole country.
Messrs. Hearst and Bryan know per
fectly well that the Wall street bankers
hoarded the reserves of the entire nation,
and thus kept money from circulating.
They did this with a purpose, as they did
in 1893. Their design was to convince
the people that extraordinary measures
were necessary to the salvation of the
republic. Just as the “object lesson” of
1893 compelled Cleveland to yield to the
Gold Standard policy, so the panic of
1907 was meant to force Roosevelt to
consent to the Aldrich bill. If Mr. Bryan
has studied the Aldrich bill he knows
that its secret purpose is to unload upon
the government vast quantities of rail
road bonds and to give to a few Wall
street scoundrels—Democrats and Repub
licans —absolute control of the national
money supply.
And as long as we tolerate a bond
secured currency these dangers will con
tinually beset us.
Does not Mr. Bryan know this? Why,
then, has he shirked the money question?
Why has he said no word in favor of the
money-system of the Constitution? Why
has he been afraid to take the Jefferson
ian-Jacksonian ground 'against national
banks? Why is he earnestly advocating
the governmental guaranty which will
render permanent the hateful system
which Jefferson, Jackson and Benton so
vehemently denounced ?
The more we reflect upon this recent
platform of Mr. Bryan's, the more strong
ly we are inclined to class it as a pusillani
mous surrender to those Wall street
Democrats who have so long been part
ners of the Wall street Republicans in up
holding the class-legislation which robs
the people. The intense longing for the
highest office has made Mr. Bryan stultify
himself. This new creed is not the glo
rious doctrine which won the hearts of
the reformers when the young orator of
Nebraska, in a Populist district, defeated
a Populist for congress, in 1890. This
new creed is not the splendid defiance of
the Money Power which in 1896 won for
Mr. Bryan the enthusiastic nomination
for the presidency.
The Bryan of 1890 was an apostle of
an inspiring gospel; the Bryan of 1896
was the radiant champion of a revolt
against class-rule; the Bryan of 1908 is
just an office-seeker.
A Page Prom Plutarch.
To our Socialist friends we commend
the following extract taken from Plu
tarch’s “Life of Lycurgus” :
“A second and more adventurous po
litical enterprise of Lycurgus was, a new
division of the lands. In these he had
found a prodigious inequality; the city
overcharged with many indigent persons
who had none, and the great property
centered in the hands of a few. Deter
mined therefore to root out the evils of
insolence, envy, avarice and luxury and
those still more inveterate and fatal dis
tempers of a state, poverty and riches,
he persuaded them to cancel all former
divisions of land and to make new ones,
in such a manner that they might
be perfectly equal in their posses
sions and manner of living. Hence, if
they were ambitious of distinction, they
might seek it in virtue, as no other dif
ference was left between them, but that
which arises from the dishonor of base
actions and the praise of good ones. His
proposal was carried into effect. He
made nine thousand lots for the territory
of Sparta, which he distributed among
so many citizens, and thirty thousand for
the inhabitants of the- rest of Laconia.
But some say he made only six thousand
shares for the city, and that Polydorus
subsequently added three more; others,
that Polydorus doubled the number ap
pointed by Lycurgus, which were only
four thousand and five hundred.
“Each lot was capable of producing
(one year with another) seventy medemni
of grain for each man, and twelve for each
woman, besides a quantity of wine and
oil in proportion. Such a provision they
thought sufficient for health and a good
habit of body, and they wanted noth
ing more. A story is told of him that,
not long afterward, returning from a
journey through the fields just reaped,
and seeing the shocks standing parallel
and equal, he smiled and said to some
that were near him, ‘How like is Laco
nia to an .estate newly divided among
many brothers!’
“After this, he attempted to divide also
the movables, in order to remove all ap
pearance of inequality, but he soon per
ceived that they could not bear to have
their goods directly taken from them
and therefore he adopted another method,
counter-working their avarice by a
stratagem. First, he stopped the cur
rency of gold and silver coin, and order
ed that they should make use of iron
money only; then, to a great quantity and
weight of this he assigned but a very
small value; so that to contain ten minae,
a whole room was required, and to re
move it, a yoke of oxen. When this
became current, many kinds of injustice
ceased in Lacedaemon.
“Who would steal or take a bribe, who
would defraud or rob, when he was un
able to conceal this booty; when he could
neither be dignified by the possession of
it, nor, if it were cut in pieces, be serv
ed by its use? For we are told that
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE