adopting such safety improvements as in Eu
rope safeguard the lives of crews and pas
sengers.
O yes! We love Morgan, and we love him
for what he has done for us. He has plun
dered us of untold millions of our money,
" and he has populated our cemeteries with un
counted thousands of our brothers and sisters,
wives and children.
And, as I was saying, had we half a chance,
we would no more lynch him than we’d lynch
the black rapist caught at the usual crime.
This same Morgan, the loved and lovable,
was one of the soulless wreckers who precipi
tated the panic of 1907—in which a portion
of his spoil was the Tennessee Coal and Iron
Company: it cost him $32,000,000 and is
worth $500,000,000. He ruined thousands of
people, carried famine to the doors of other
thousands, threw 3,000,000 wage-earners out
of employment, drove hundreds to suicide and
multitudes to vice and crime. From Paris,
he gave out the insolent, Foulon-like state
ment, that the American workmen could
“submit or starve”.
At this moment, he and his co-conspirators
are reaching out in all directions; with
mergers and combinations, trying to put the
industrial, commercial, and political world in
a position where they can not draw the
breath of life without paying Morgan & Co.
for the privilege. Robber on land! we are at
his mercy. Pirate as well as freebooter, he is
grabbing the water-powers of our rivers. Po
litical boss, as well as industrial king, he de
capitates objectionable ministers, and has his
partners named for ambassadorships. He
makes our foreign diplomats his financial
agents, and uses the Government of the United
States to compel foreign nations to accept his
“loans”. Scheming for Morgan, eternally for
Morgan, he demands that the Greenbacks be
destroyed, a grand central bank established,
and the sovereign prerogative of supplying
the American world with money be turned
over to him. Where’s the limit of this mon
ster’s rapacity, cruelty, insolence, hypocrisy
and power?
And oh, how we love him! MacVeagh told
you why.
Having Fun With Those Judges
The three eminent and learned jurists who
made that absurd “decision” in the case of
the Neal Bank wreckers, are getting restive.
They have begun to write me letters. ’Tis a
good sign.
In effect, the accomplished trio of judges
unanimously held that when the Legislature
of 1893 passed an act for the better protection
of the stockholders and depositors from the
misuse of the banking funds, by the officers,
the banks of 1860 were meant!
Isn’t it enough to make John Marshall,
Hiram Warner, Robert Toombs, Seargent
Prentiss and every other great lawyer whirl
over in his shroud?
Just think of it! The State banks of issue
have been dead half-a-century. Yet the Legis
lature of 1893 is judicially declared to have
been such a group of idiots as to enact a law
for their better protection!
It would be competent for the Legislature
to say, in the usual statutory form, that any
man or woman who shall commit the acts
forbidden in Leviticus, Chapter 20, verses
15 and 16, shall be guilty of a felony, and
be punished by a term of years in the peniten
tiary.
In law, that is certain which can be made
so: and therefore such a reference, by chapter
and verse, to a certain book in the Bible
would operate in the same way as though the
statute itself named the forbidden acts. The
w fact that we are living under a new dispen
* and that the Levitical code is not the
%for us, would make no difference.
reference to any part of that
Gbfc
ancient Hebrew code, we could make it a part
of ours.
Isn’t that perfectly clear? Now then, we
have in the Civil Code of Georgia a section
which declares that the officers of banking in
stitutions shall not do certain things. The
banks in existence when that law was adopted
passed away, half-a-century ago. But the
law itself has never been repealed. It has re
mained, and is now, a part of our Code.
In 1893, the Georgia Legislature, seeking
to throw more protection around stockholders
and depositors, declared that any officer of
any bank in this State who “shall” do the
things forbidden in that aforesaid section of
our Code, “shall” be punished as for a felony.
At the instigation of C. T. Ladson, two
officers of the Neal Bank colluded with him;
and $160,000 of the bank’s funds were locked
up, in a Cuban land speculation.
The panic of 1907 came, and the Neal Bank
was denied admission into the Clearing
House Association of Atlanta. Why? Be
cause $160,000 of its available cash assets had
been tied up, in Cuba; and because the other
banks disapproved of the mismanagement of
the Neal Bank’s affairs. Consequently, this
black sheep could not get into the fold, and
browse on soap-wrappers. Home-made money
saved the other banks: not being allowed to
make any, the Neal Bank collapsed.
The depositors may eventually get nearly
all of their money: the stockholders lose
everything.
Indicted for having done the things which
the law of 1893 penalized, the bank-wreckers
escaped punishment because it was possible to
find three judges who decided, virtually, that
the word “shall”, in the act of 1893, had ref
erence to 1860; and that the words “any bank
of this State”, meant “any bank” which has
not been here for forty-five years!
I wish I knew how to laugh and cry at the
same time: here’s where I’d begin.
Ladson, the arch-plotter of the bunch, was
not even indicted. Os course, he and his two
pals ought to be in the penitentiary. If they
were poor men, with no influential family
connections, that's where they would be.
As for these three judges—but this is where
I change cars.
Postal Deficits Due to the Frank
ing Privileges
Postmaster-General Hitchcock is blaming
the postal deficit of $17,479,000 on to the
R. F. D. service and second-class mail matter.
This is wrong. If the Government "were to
cut out excessive pay to the railroads, and
abolish the system which allows so many hun
dreds of men in office to send stuff through
the mails, without paying postage, there
would be no deficit.
Congressmen and others load down the
trains with books, speeches, type-machines,
wearing apparel and furniture; and thus the
Government loses enormous sums.
Besides, the railroads are put on notice of
the time when the mail matter is to be
weighed during a certain period of the year,
for the purpose of arriving at an average for
the whole year. The consequence is, that the
cars are crowded with extra mail while the
weighing is in progress. The railroads go to
certain Congressmen, and either borrow the
stencils which stamp their names on the bags,
or they get the Congressmen themselves to
stamp tons upon tons of junk, during the
weighing period. Thus, a false average is
made, and the Government is robbed. As soon
as the “average” is run up to the highest pos
sible notch, the fake mail matter no longer
passes through. In othei’ words, the railroads
never haul anything like as much mail, at any
other time of the year.
During a weighing period, some years ago,
the Southern Railroad is said to have sub
scribed for 100,000 copies of one of the At-
lanta dailies, for the weighing period, only.
Os course, it got pay just the same as though
the 100,000 papers had been hauled every day
of the year.
This loot of the Government by the rail
roads, in the carriage of the mails, is one of
the worst pieces of graft that has plundered
the people.
A Congressman is paid $15,000 for about
nine months’ work. He is given a clerk, at
SIOO per month. Besides, he enjoys other very
toothsome perquisites. Why shouldn’t he pay
postage, just as the people who hold no office
have to do?
When Mr. Taft was on his way to the Phil
ippines, a few years ago, he sent his automo
bile from Washington to San Francisco, in
case he should need it while in the latter city.
In fact, he did not need it, and the machine
was hauled back to Washington. What sense
is there in making the people pay for such
doings as these? Mr. Taft was no worse than
the others. Most of those higher officials of
the Federal Government regard the Govern
ment as the ancient freebooters regarded the
traveller—a legitimate object of plunder. Let
Mr. Hitchcock examine the difference between
the rates paid to the railroads by the Express
Companies, and those paid by the Govern
ment, and he will see how we are robbed.
There would not be any Postal shortage, if
these abuses were replaced by an honest sys
tem of equal rights for all and no favors for
any.
P- S.—Will your Congressman vote to com
pel every citizen alike to pay postage? ASK
HIM. te
A Tangled Editor; and the Ship
Subsidy
Did you ever watch a house-fly attempting
to walk off the sticky surface of the “fly
paper”? His movements are never graceful,
and they rarely meet with success.
Look at Duck: he lit on the fly-paper, and
he has ever since been trying, clumsily, to
walk out of the mucilage.
Here is a luminous editorial of his which
he put in his paper of October 27, last. (The
emphasis marks are mine: I’m a hog about
emphasis.)
Now read after Duck:
“THE MERCHANT MARINE.
“The question of the Merchant Marine is be
coming a very live issue these days, and one on
which many men are expressing themselves.
“Some, of course, are advocating it because pos
sibly they are especially interested; some are ad
vocating it, possibly, because they are paid to
do so.
“There seems to be some opposition backed
largely by foreign steamship builders and owners.
“We call attention to the article in this issue
written by T. J. Brooks, of Tennessee. The ar
ticle shows that he has given considerable thought
to the question; he takes the same position that
we have always taken in writing or speaking. We
have yet to be shown that this position is wrong.
The Government should have a Merchant Marine.
The principle of giving subsidies is wrong. We
have advocated the Merchant Marine in our pa
per and from the stump. We have never advo
cated a Ship Subsidy. Read Mr. Brooks’ article
CLOSELY.”
Did you ever in your life read anything
clearer than that? What was Duck trying to
say, anyhow? A house-fly, with gum on his
legs, could walk better than that.
Let us analyze this radiant little editorial.
First, Duck says that “the Merchant Ma
rine is becoming a very live issue”. Then he
says that some are advocating it “because pos
sibly they are paid to do so”. And then, in
the last lines, he states that he has advocated
it, in his paper and on the stump. He had
already said that the opposition to it was
“backed largely by foreign steamship build
ers and owners”.
Then Duck declares that he agrees with
Brooks; and that both he and Brooks are op-
PAGE THIRTEEN