PAGE FOURTEEN
LETTER FROM A VETERAN.
Maj. P. H. Larey Makes Corrections
Regarding Fort Stedman.
Editor Cartersville (Ga.) News:
History should tell the truth. It
were better for the soldiers, the
soldiers who wore the gray worthily
that the incidents —facts developed in
the war of ’6l-65 remain unwritten
rather than stated carelessly or
erroneously, especially when it is
remembered that, in many cases, there
is state and confederate record of
the same. Let the chroniclers of the
services, the deeds, the heroism, and
fortitude of Bartow county’s volun
teers beware how they trifle with
honors won on bloody fields under
Lee, Johnston, Stonewall Jackson and
John B. Gordon during four long
years of Titanic warfare which
stamped the life of the confederacy
as an age of glory. Pens guided by
selfish thought or invidious hand dare
not essay to enter the province of the
historian of southern chivalry. While
he lives, the confederate soldier will
guard truth and virtue and innocence
with the same fidelity that the vestal
virgins in the temple of Rome watch
ed and fed the sacred fire.
Correction —In an article on first
page of your issue of December 17,
1908, relative to the Bartow soldiers’
monument is found a grave error as
to facts, where the author, presum
ably, inadvertently, blunders when
referring to the successful attack on
Fort Stedman by Capt. Peter Larey
and his sharpshooters, he adds, “but
he and his little band were cap
tured. ' ’ There is the mistake. Now
here are the facts as corroborated by
Gen. Lee’s general order read next
evening, March 25, 1865, on dress
parade, and other orders and reports
of like date of Gens. Gordon and
Grimes, now on file in the confed
erate archives U. S. war department,
Washington, I). C. General order
said: “The commanding general
takes pleasure in congratulating the
army on the distinguished intrepidity
and valor displayed by Capt. P. H.
Larey and his lieutenants. Flowers
and Davis, in leading Rodes’ division
line sharpshooters —525 men rank and
file —in a successful midnight assault
against the enemy’s formidable works
fronting Fort Colquitt. With con
summate skill and fidelity pickets
were noiselessly captured and sent to
the rear, obstructions surmounted,
and his whole command simultan
eously led into the enemy’s works,
surprising and capturing Fort Sted
man with sixteen pieces of brass ar
tillery and Fort Devil with twelve
pieces of cannon ordnance, together
with guards and garrison and three
fourths of a mile of main works on
each side of the two forts, capturing
and sending to our lines without
guard or escort thirty-seven hundred
and thirty-five prisoners, with sharp
shooters’ loss of only two men miss
ing, and in obedience to orders hold
ing the captured works until day
light for the entrance of other
forces. In every respect it was a
remarkable achievement and your
commanding general takes pride in
pronouncing it one of the most daring
and brilliant exploits of the war and
commending officers and men for
conspicuous courage and gallantry.”
There you have the facts —briefly—
of my sharpshooters’ midnight as-
sault and capture of Forts Stedman
and Devil on the 24th and 25th of
March, 1865. Much more might and
should be written concerning the plans
and purposes of our generals and the
resulting influence of my sharp
shooters’ demonstration on that
memorable night.
With kindest regards to my old
comrades and legions of appreciated
and appreciative friends, male and
female, permit me to lay at the feet
of Bartow chapter Daughters of the
Confederacy, the most knightly
tribute of a soldier’s heart—the un
qualified expression of his gratitude
and praise for the handsome shaft
erected to the honor and memory of
Bartow’s confederate soldiers —dead
and living. 'May God bless each and
every one of those patriotic, noble
hearted, accomplished and refined
ladies, whose spirit and names bear
the stamp of gray-haired sires and
queenly matrons —gentlemen and la
dies of the “old regime” of southern
honor and southern chivalry.
Your loyal comrade,
P. H. LAREY.
FOR NERVES AND COMPLEXION.
Nothing is more beneficial to nerves
and complexion than the daily tub
and indeed the best bred women con
sider it indispensable to good groom
ing. But others —and the number
astoundingly high—declare that they
cannot stand either a warm or a cold
bath daily. They claim that it
weakens them and makes them unfit
ted for anything.
Perhaps the trouble is the tempera
ture. Extremely cold or an intensely
hot bath is disastrous to many sys
tems, but there are many degrees of
tepidity and warmth for those who
are not very robust.
It is next to impossible to lay down
any rules as to the precise point of
heat to which the tub may be brought,
because what would suit one would
be far from right for another. The
nearest one can come to specific in
struction is to say that the bath
should impart a gentle feeling of
warmth as soon as the water touches
the body, but that it must not be hot.
Under no circumstances should a
person remain in a tub longer than
15 minutes, and usually 10 minutes is
quite sufficient. This, of course, is
in warm water. In cold water one
should never stay longer than 10
minutes.
When in one’s bath always use a
bath brush. It has excellent cleansing
qualities and besides it gives surface
•stimulation if gently rubbed on the
skin.
A woman who has ever used a bath
brush will never be without one.
The evening is the best time for a
hot bath, while the morning is the
only time for the cold plunge. If one
can not ktae the cold tub, an excellent
idea is the cold sponge, which is very
stimulating and taken in a warm room
is a delightful beginning for the day.
—Birmingham Age-Herald.
HAD SEEN SERVICE.
“But,” said the fair maid, “you
seem rather young to be wearing the
title of colonel.”
“Anyway,” rejoined the beardless
youth, “I’ve participated in seventeen
summer engagements.” Chicago
Daily News.
©be Jeffersonian
STANDARD MACHINERY
AMERICAN MACHINERY Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
f AMP ANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
Vviurnn I Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
Saws Pumas. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En-
49 SOUTH FORSYTH STREET Xe, ’ d ™?t'buy until you get our prices and
ati amta rrnnriA catalog. We sell everything in Machinery and
ATLANTA. t: GEORGIA prices right .
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver-indigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
' “ formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generation* have been the leading physicians of
Georgia tn the ruatte of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and Is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies—acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of its efficiency tn all liver troubles.
Here Is what the Hon. Thoa. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package In tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of Juac 80, l»0«.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. -We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo, it lays your heart at Napoleon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.
*MMM————H****—*B3H*aS— l MW—’ W Wn*Mrrinin'MMraMn”lHM» 111—MSmirMlMllI ieril l e*M— *—MM——B—MßM——B
American Cotton and Business University
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
COTTON : We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight in 30 days how
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
in any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap.
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education. Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies.
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING: Under three expert Telegraphers and
Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. W rite for catalogue at once and state
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL,
Associate Presidents.
m
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia