it reduces the temptations that lead to vice,
to which so many men in the cities fall vic
tims.
But probably the chief reason which influ
ences young men in preferring the city to the
farm is their belief that the city offers the
best opportunity for making money. The de
sire to make money is a laudable ambition
of youth. In spite of all that is said, with
truth, of the love of money being the root of
all evil, money is not only necessary, but
human' happiness depends in a great measure
on its possession, if properly used. So it is
right that a young man, seeking happiness
and desiring to be useful in this life, should
try to make money, and if it were true that
the city offers the best opportunity for mak
ing money, then it were best for a young man
to seek employment in a city even though the
farm held out greater promises in other re
spects. But-rit is not true.
A slipshod system of farming is unprofit-
Plain Talks on Fertilizers
A Talk to Fruit-Growers
You use a fertilizer The yield will be
of course, but do you . according to the
use enough ? amount of plant food
y° u gi ye y° ur trees or
The yield per acre, plants you can de-
and the profit therefrom pen d on it. The better
increases in far greater they are fed the greater
proportion than the cost and more valuable will
of additional fertilizer, be your crop. Fertil-
What is an increase in ize sparingly and you
cost of $2.00 to SIO.OO reap sparingly,
per acre for fertilizer
when the returns therefrom The fact that over a million
show an increase of $50.00 to tons of Virginia-Carolina
$250.00 per acre? Fertilizer were sold last year
proves them to be without
The big Magnolia Fruit equal. Every fruit farmer,
Farms at Durant, Miss., tested no matter what method he
the well-known Virginia-Car- now uses, should get the Vir
olina Fertilizer ginia - Carolina
m —-1 indifferent Company s
quantities on new Year Book
• or Almanac. ■QaBMaCT
their straw- r . • £ . n
. It is free to all
berry crop. , . .
r> i«. u who are inter-
Result: when . , , J
L'vWkWwi i aaa ested enough
NfcxtiifeJ 1,000 lbs. per x £ ■<. KF/lkVl
i to write for it.
acre were used A ,, o
cr Address us to
ftlS MEj|
acre than when e ow ’
500 lbs. per
acre were used. VIRGINIA-CAROLINA
CHEMICAL CO.
This is modern intensive cul
ture, the method that is doub- v Va ’ ’<F r
Img and trebling the crops of Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md.
all kinds of fruit in Atlanta, Ga.
either good or in poor Columbus, Ga.
and worn-out land all Savannah,Ga.
over the country—and Meraphi” T=’nt. -
in good Soil, too. Shreveport, La.
THE JJEFFIJLSONIAN.
able. The farmer who will not use his brain
as well as his brawn can never hope to do
more than eke out a precarious hand-to-hand
existence, as many farmers do. In any other
business but farming, pursuing equal shift
lessness would fail even in making a hand-to
mouth existence. Yet with modern business
methods carried to the farm, and the mind
directing the muscles by careful study, there
is no business in which a young man without
capital can so certainly succeed, and reach
competence and even affluence, as by becom
ing a farmer.
Land is cheap. Any young man who de
sires may gain possession of a farm in Geor
gia now almost as easily as it could be done
when government land could be acquired by
merely taking possession of if. In Georgia
crops may be grown continuously, and a farm
may be so operated as to yield a continuous
income, made to increase from year to year.
Many farmers in this state are making big
money, who began at the bottom round. Oth
ers can do the same. Any young man can do
it who will devote himself to farming with
equal intelligence and persistence to that re
quired in the city, and on the farm success
is assured to all who will do this when in the
city there is room only for a few at the top
of the ladder of success.
The opportunities offered to young men by
the farm are greater than the opportunities
of the city.—Augusta Herald.
John Howard graduated at the foot of his
class, but in life he made a success, and now
he sleeps with the mighty dead of England in
Westminster Abbey, and on his tomb they put
these words: “At the head of his class at
last. ”
Teacher—Henry, define space.
Henry—Professor, I can’t define it, but I
have it in my head.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To ihe Voter* of the Northern Judicial (Ir
ouit:
I announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to the primary to be held for
that purpose. I assure you that I will appre
ciate yo«r support.
L. D. M'GREGOR
For Sale
Pure Pulnott Cotton Seed.
Pure and unmixed. If not as represented re
turn them at my expense and the price will
be refunded. Prices: SI.OO per bushel; or
ders for over 40 bushels at 90 cents per bushel.
J. E. BRADBURY, JR.
Athens, Ga., R. F. D. 4.
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s Jef
fersonian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
World’s Events and Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian. Both one year $1.75
World’s Events and Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine. Both one year... .$2.25
Odum Clark’s Magazine and Watson’s Week
ly. Both one year $1.35
Odum Clark’s Magazine and Watson’s Jeffer
sonian Magazine. Both one year $1.85
Address
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
PAGE SEVEN