PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Te-mplk Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Entered at Peitefice, Atlanta, Ga., Jannarj It, IQO7, at lecend
clan mail matter
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, May y, 1908
The Jeffersonian and Governor
Smith.
In view of letters which continue to
come to us, containing statements which
Governor Smith is reported to be mak
ing, in private conversation, concerning
the Glover case, we think it due to our
friends to remind them of the facts, as
shown by the record.
The object of Gov. Smith and his
friends is to make the people /believe
that we would never have criticised the
administration had not Gov. Smith re
fused to commute the sentence of Ar
thur Glover.
This refusal was not made known until
January, 1908.
If Governor Smith and his friends have
been justified in saying that our present
attitude is due to personal malice, it nec
essarily follows that the criticisms of
which the Governor complains were
made after the execution of Glover.
If the record itself discloses the fact
that we published the same criticisms
that are now complained of, six months
before the Governor was asked to com
mute the sentence of Glover, then the
Governor and his friends will be as badly
sewed up as they were on that matter
of the early primary.
Tn the first issue of the Jeffersonian,
(Oct. 4, 1906,) we published an Open
Letter from Governor-elect Hoke Smith.
Alluding with pardonable pride to the
fact that he had beaten four opponents
and had carried 122 counties out of 145,
Mr. Smith reminded the people that he
would not enter upon his work of reform
until June, 1907.
Said he: “Unfortunately, I cannot be
inaugurated and the legislature will not
meet until next June.”
Why was it unfortunate that he could
not be inaugurated sooner?
Why was it unfortunate that the legis
lature would not meet sooner?
Because the people would have to wait
until that time for a redemption of his
campaign pledges.
Between October, 1906, to June, 1907,
lay a dismal interval of eight dreary
months, during which the people would,
'‘unfortunately,” have to wait for the ad-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
vent of Hoke. If, however, the people
could only hold themselves dowm, for that
length of time, glorious things would
come to pass.
What was it that was going to begin
to happen, on and after June, 1907?
Let us quote Hoke’s Open Letter:
“Bills should be passed through the
next legislature covering every principle
which we put into our state democratic
platform. I believe that the majority of
the members of the legislature in both
houses are today favorable to speedy ac
tion and would carry out the principles
which you have declared.”
Thoroughly convinced that the Gov
ernor-elect meant every word of this, we
alluded to the retirement of Terrell as
“the end of an era,” and proclaimed the
coming of Hoke with the joyous words,
A NEW ERA BEGINS’.
But when the legislature met, the Gov
ernor tpok no sufficient interest in the
organization of Committees, and the Old
Gang captured many strongholds. One
of these was the Speakership. Only at
the last moment could the Governor’s
friends arouse him to the fact that the
Old Gang was also about to capture the
Presidency of the Senate. By hard work,
that splendid gentleman, Jno. AV. Akin,
was made President of the Senate, but the
Speakership of the House fell to the Old
Gang.
That fatal negligence in the matter of
the organization of the Legislature was
the beginning of our disasters.
Jack Slaton, the Speaker, allowed the
time-killers, —led by the insufferable Joe
Hill Hall, —to consume practically the
whole session with dilatory tactics which
■could never have succeeded without the
connivance of the Speaker.
One after another, the bills covering
the Hoke Smith programme were de
feated.
The anti-lobbying act was to have
been the very first one rushed through.
This was to clear the way for all the
others. Hoke Smith so stated to Mr.
Watson personally.
The act which was scheduled to go
through first never went through at all!
The anti-free-pass bill also fell by the
wayside. The Hardeman Resolutions
which sought to uncover the secret rela
tions between the Southern Railroad and
the CentraI— RELATIONS WHICH
STILL EXlST— were smothered by a
Senator who was recognized as one of
the Hoke Smith lieutenants, and who in
troduced the Governor to the audience in
Macon when he spoke there two weeks
ago.
Not a single one of the Macon Plat
form principles were covered by acts of
the legislature, —excepting the Disfran
chisement bill which had been agreed on
before any one thought of Hoke Smith as
candidate for Governor.
To Hon. T. W. Hardwick, this state is
indebted for that measure.
It is true that the Candler-Overstreet
act is a good one, if properly adminis
tered by the Railroad Commission, but up
to this time we have seen few of its bene
fits and much of its increased expense.
It was on this question of increasing
the size and expense of the Railroad Com
mission that we first parted company with
the Governor. By private letter and by
editorial in this paper, we earnestly be
sought the Governor not to add in that
unnecessary manner to the burdens of the
tax payers.
THIS WAS IN JULY, 1907, NEARLY
SIX MONTHS BEFORE THE GLOV
ER PETITION WAS ACTED ON.
The legislature adjourned, with only
one campaign pledge redeemed.
Understanding that an extra-session
would be called, and that the Governor
would continue his reform campaign by
exposing the members of the legislature
who had betrayed the people, we gave
him credit for doing the best he could
at that session.
But when, after dallying several
months, it was announced by his organ,
the Atlanta Journal, that an extra session
would be “foolish,” we were surprised
and indignant.
We urged the extra-session, and warn
ed the Governor that unless he did all
that was in his power to have the legisla
ture do as he had promised, a storm of
criticism would break over his head.
This was in Oct., 1907.
In his Open Letter of Oct., 1906, Gov.
Smith had declared,
“Bills should be passed, by the next
legislature, covereing every principle
which we put into our state democratic
platform.”
The legislature had failed to come up
to this standard of duty; therefore, it had
failed to make good the pledges upon
which Mr. Smith was elected.
It had failed to enable Gov. Smith to
keep his word to the people; therefore, it
deserved the Governor’s censure.
Is this sound logic?
It is both sound logic and sound com
mon sense. . .
Mr. Smith himself so felt, and he de
clared his purpose of going into the
counties and districts of those represen
tatives and se ators who had voted
against the campaign pledges, and of de
nouncing those traitors to their consti
tuents.
Believing that he meant what he said,
we patiently awaited developments. None
came. The spirit of silence and the dove
of peace took possession of the political
field. When the Governor at length went
out to make speeches, he chose the re
spectable, innocuous, soothing-syrup of
“Education.”
The Jeffersonian warned the Governor
that .he was making a fearful blunder.
The masterly series of thrilling orations
on “Education” had hardly become his
toric echoes, before the Governor went
down to Telfair county (Nov., 1907,) and