ground that the national banking system was
doomed unless W. J. B. won out.
Mr. Reese was a Bryanite Committeeman
for Tennessee, hence the official nature of his
utterance.
The words of him, the said Isaac Reese, were
as hereinafter copied, to wit:
“I make the prediction that, unless Bryan
and a Democratic congress is elected there will
not be a national bank in the country within
five years. . . . MR. BRYAN ONLY
CAN SAVE THE NATIONAL BANKS!”
I don’t know Mr. Isaac Reese, but if it should
transpire that he is a true prophet, I am going
to name one of my mouse-colored mules after
him.
R
i
Seriously, wasn’t Mr. Reese doing the proph
et act on the right line ?
Taft stands for a postal banking system:
Bryan stands for a perpetuation of the national
banking system. Between these two systems,
there is “irrepressible conflict.” The postal
banks, having a governmental guarantee be
hind them and coming close to the people,—
as the national banks cannot — would certainly
absorb all the deposits that now go into the
national banks. Without the deposits, national
banks would have to shut up shop.
This would not necessarily be true of state
banks, because they come close to the people
and have the privilege of lending money on
land, which the national banks do not have.
R
Well, boys, how many of you are going to
give one day to the cause, and make an earnest
effort to get subscribers to the two Jefferso
nians?
Just one day! That wouldn’t be much to
you, but think what it means to us!
Suppose the 1,200 Old Guard Pops who fol
lowed our hero, Judge Sam Williams, in the
state of Indiana this year should each give cne
day to working for the two Jeffersonians!
Those 1,200 unselfish and active agents could
do wonders for us, if they’d try.
So of Florida, Missouri, Texas, and Missis
sippi,—and all the others.
Seventeen thousand Georgians according to
unfriendly count —and after all the tricks and
frauds and slanders— turned out on a rainy
day to vote for Populism.
Suppose those 17,000 good men and true
should determine to put in one day’s work for
the two Jeffersonians!
It would mean a merry Christmas and a
happy New Year to this devoted little band of
workers who are trying hard to arouse the
people in the interest of better laws, better con
ditions and happier homes.
R
The Jeffersonian took no hand in the Texas
fight on Senator Joe Bailey. He had, I
thought, made a thundering mistake, but I
make so many, myself, that I’ve quit hanging
men for making mistakes.
But when I see Senator Bailey at this ses
sion of Congress, and after all the protestations
he has made, line up with that infamous old
spokesman of the Standard Oil gang, Senator
Aldrich, and give his aid to the national banks
against postal savings banks, I begin to weak
en on Joe Bailey.
Texas and Rhode Island don’t naturally go
together, and when Joe Bailey acts as a Sena
torial partner to such a well known corporation
agent as Aldrich it is high time for every in
dependent Southern editor to take notice.
What’s this?
Congressmen have been sending type-writers
through the mails, franked, SO THAT THE
MACHINES WOULD ESCAPE POSTAGE!
Did you ever?
Yet this virtuous lot of statesmen are furi
ously angry because the President hints, rather
broadly, that some of them are rascals.
The postage on a type-writer amounts to
more than nineteen dollars, and the Congress-
3«ffftrsontan
man who misuses his franking privilege in
that manner IS a rascal.
R
Why is such a Congressman a rascal?
Because he knows that it is dishonest for
him to use his franking privilege that way.
He knows that he is swindling the Govern
ment!
He is just as guilty of wrong when he does
that as he is when he franks a car-load of junk
for the railroads during the weighing period.
In that event, he colludes with the railroads in
robbing the Government by establishing a false
average.
We have a deficit of $16,000,000 in the Post
Office Department, due largely to the loss of
revenue caused by the misuse of the Congres
sional privilege of sending mail free of charge.
R
A Congressman writes his name on a letter,
or other piece of mail, and the mail-matter is
then said to be franked. It goes free.
Now these men know perfectly well that the
law meant that they should have free use of
the mails for legitimate purposes, only. Let
ters, papers, public documents, copies of
speeches, books and other such parcels as are
usually sent through the mails BY THOSE
WHO PAY POSTAGE.
These Congressmen know that you and I
would never think of sending a type-writing '
machine through the mails, at a cost of $19.00.
And when they try to slip machines through
free, by writing their names on the package,
they are attempting a swindle.
We hope that the President will accept the
challenge which the Senate has thrown at his
feet, and will tell the country what he knows
about some of these rascals.
A few years ago, I was on the Southern
train coming South. There was an unusually
long stop at a certain Southern city. Impa
tient passengers began to grumble and to in
quire the cause. Investigation showed that the
train crew and depot employees were tugging
and lifting and straining to get a tremendously
big box out of the Express car.
“What on earth is that?” asked a passenger.
One of the Railroad men answered with a
grin,
“That’s Senator ’s piano. Sent it by
express. Free, you know.”
In other words, the Senator in question-had
a franking privilege, given to him by the
Southern Express Co. He wrote his august
name on the box which contained the piano,
and it went through, from Washington to
Now, would that Senator ever have thought
of sending the piano home by Express, if the
usual charges were to have been paid? Cer
tainly not. The express charge would have
been almost as big as the piano.
This Senator accepted favors from the Ex
press Co., knowing that the corporation ex
pected favors in return.
When the Parcels post question comes to a
vote, will this Senator vote against the meas
ure, as the Express Companies want him to do?
Let us wait and see.
It comes to light that the Congressional
Ways and Means Committee, the fortress of
Protection to Home Industries, buys its fur
nishings from the blarsted foreigner, dontch
yerknow!
This additional bit of evidence of the pro
foundly wicked hypocrisy of our Tariff system
is no surprise to me.
It reminds me, moreover, of the day in 1892,
when that stalwart champion of Home Indus
tries, Hon. Joseph Walker, of Mass., was mak
ing a passionate plea for protection to Ameri
can labor, when some impertinent Populist, at
tracted by the black broadcloth which encased
the Hon. Joseph inquired,
“Where was that suit which you’ve got on
manufactured?”
Amid the merriment of the House, the Hon.
Joseph admitted that it was “made in Eng
land.” His face was so red, and his manner so
flustered that I’m sure his speech would have
been wrecked had it not been type-written.
R
That reminds me of a member of the 52nd
Congress, named Joseph Taylor. He was a
rich man, from Ohio, I think.
His pet theme was the “Calamity howler.”
Day after day, the Hon. Joseph “went after”
this calamity howler, and the things he said
about him were scandalous.
The sum and substance of the Hon. Taylor’s
advice to the c. h. and his fool friends, the far
mers, was “Work harder and talk less.”
One day Hon. Taylor was holding forth with
more than usual vim, and he explained at
length that, although he was a national bank
er, he was also a farmer, knew all about farm
ing, knew that the calamity howler was a liar,
knew that the farmers could make money, and
so on.
With that engaging modesty which has made
me friends everywhere,—friends who will do
anything in the world for me except to vote
and subscribe, —I rose and asked permission to
ask a question.
The Hon. Taylor readily consented.
Then, while the whole House listened in
tently, I inquired,
“Did you buy your farm with money you
made banking, or did you start your bank on
money you made farming?”
Well, sir, the Hon. Taylor got so MAD, and
he swallowed his Adam’s apple so fast, that
the House broke out in a roar of laughter.
Hon. Taylor wriggled around a right smart,
but he never did muster up cheek enough to
say that he started his bank with money made
on his farm.
R R R
The Optimistic Brisbane.
Our accomplished and very able friend, Ar
thur Brisbane, devotes one of his masterly edi
torials to the noble text, “Young man, don’t
get discouraged.”
Well-read as he is, Brother Brisbane is able
to furnish the “young man” with many a
strengthening historical illustration in support
of his noble text. The despondent young man
is reminded that Epictetus was a slave; that
Columbus and his New-World venture went
begging; that Frederick the Great kept peg
ging away; that George Washington didn’t
cave in; that Andrew Jackson “suffered every
sort of adversity and grew up almost without
education;” that Abraham Lincoln and U. S.
Grant might have had some excuse for feeling
discouraged, but the young man of today who
has no job, and no cash, and no friends, and no
food, and no fire, and no home, and nothing
but rags to wear, must keep a stiff upper lip,
the tail over the dash-board, the head held sky
ward, and “be as sure of the coming daylight”
as the astronomer is that the sun will untangle
itself from the moon, and the eclipse scon cease
to darken the world.
Epictetus was a slave. Sure enough. But
what good did that do the other slaves? There
were millions of them, and they weren’t bet
tered a bit by the fact that Epictetus got him
self recognized as a sage.
Columbus went around Europe begging for
investors in his New World scheme? Yes.
And it wasn’t very long before he was awfully
sorry that he found them. After his great dis
covery, he lived a life of torture and died of
heart-break.
Frederick the Great did not quite yield to
the temptation to take poison. No. But the
world would have been better off if he had. A
man who could spy around on his men at night,
catch an officer writing a letter to his wife, and
coldly compel the writer to add the postscript,
“I will be shot at sunrise tomorrow for dis
obeying orders,” was a beast who had no right
to live.
Continued on Page 12,
PAGE NINE