PAGE EIGHT
C!)c Jeffersonian.
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertisin'? Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta. Ga., January 11. 1907. as second c.ass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. Dec. 2, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
“ The Voice of Missions 99
That is the name of one of the hundreds of
missionary papers and magazines which are
published at your expense, and which are
everlastingly clamoring for more of your
money, to be spent in missionary salaries and
unscriptural work in heathendom.
The Voice of Missions is very much
wrought up about “Congo atrocities”. The
rubber companies have been resorting to dev
ilish methods to get the negroes to work.
Naturally, the negro man is as lazy as an
Indian. Like his red brother, the black man
compels his wife to do the drudgery. He
himself, loafs around, hunts, fishes, or makes
war on the neighboring tribe. At the slight
est provocation, these negro tribes, like the
Indian tribes, have from time immemorial
slaughtered one another.
The European corporations, engaged in the
rubber business, depend on native labor. To
secure this, they have resorted to barbarous
practices.
Indeed, these practices are well-nigh as bad
as the methods of some American Coal com
panies, Steel corporations, and Sweatshop
operators.
In too many cases, the negroes have been
maimed and tortured. But the entire Congo
State can not furnish so large a number of
black men, women and children who have
had hands or feet chopped off AN TFZZZ
EQUAL THE YEARLY DEATH-ROLL
OF AME RICA N COMMERCIALISM—
not to mention the maimed., the blind, the
broken-down, the starvelings, the women and
girls driven to their ruin, the men and boys
dragged into lives of crime, or into suicides’’
graves.
The ruthless whites have done frightful
things in Africa; but the same type of re
morseless, dollar-mad corporation has done
infinitely worse tilings in America, and is now
doing them, every day, to whites and blacks,
alike.
UVen the Ice Trust sends boats up the
Hudson to destroy natural ice, and thus les
sen the supply. THE MEN WHO DO IT
KNOW, THAT THEY ARE FORE
DOOMING TO DEATH, HUNDREDS OF
BABIES IN NEW YORK AND NEW
JERSEY. HELL HOLDS NO BLACK
ER-HEARTED SINNERS THAN SUCH
MEN AS C. IF. MORSE. AND HIS ICE
TRUST ASSOCIATES.
But the missionary screamers never have
a word to say about such domestic enormi
ties. They see what is wrong in foreign
lands: the wrongs of the American people ex
cite no adequate attention.
But, cruel as the whites have been to the
Africans, NOTHING DONE ON THE
CONGO COMPARES WITH WHAT THE '
BLACK MEN OF THESE UNITED
STATES DO TO THE WHITE GIRLS
AND WOMEN.
The victims of the negro ravisher extend
Zsl)c Jeffersonian
all the way from the little girl playing with
her doll, to the aged grandmother tottering
on her stick.
Within the compass of the last twelve
month, these black brutes have violated girls
who were little more than infants; and old
women who were too feeble to walk straight.
In one case, three negro men alternately
violated a young white wife, in the presence
of her husband—whom they bound before
he suspected their hellish purpose.
In the Cairo, Illinois, case, the white girl
was seized at her very door, was dragged
away to the negro part of the town,
IF AN KEPT IN THE NEGRO-HOUSE
THROUGHOUT THE NIGHT, IFAN
USED, IN TURN, BY THE TWO NEGRO
MEN; AND IF AN THEN MURDERED—
HER BRUISED AND BLEEDING AND
LIFELESS BODY BEING THROWN
INTO THE STREET AN SO MUCH CAR
RION!
But you can’t get the foreign missionaries
to discuss such things as these. They won’t
see how cruelly they are neglecting the home
field.
Let a European corporation cut oft a few r
black hands and feet, to make other negroes
go to work, and all Christendom rings with
missionary howls. That’s all right: the
Congo atrocities are damnable, and ought to
be stopped. But what comparison is there
between the Congo hand-chopping, and the
awful outrages which negro men and white
men are committing on the weak, the inno
cent and the poor, in our own Christian land?
Woe unto this people, if they do not arouse
themselves to the necessity for concentrated,
systematic effort to stamp out the fires which
are enveloping our republic.
Where President Gompers
Is Right
In his demand for Employers’ Liability
legislation, Hon. Samuel Gompers, President
American Federation of Labor, is emphati
cally right. The ruthless mangling and
slaughter of working men in mines, rolling
mills, and on railroads, is nothing less than a
national disgrace.
As John Mitchell and others before him
have said, the corporations find it cheaper to
kill people than to purchase life-saving ap
pliances. In that frightful mine tragedy, at
Cherry, Illinois, the lives of hundreds of men
and boys were sacrificed, because the manager
of the works dared not call out the miners
and stop the work, until the electrical light
ing-apparatus could be put in order.
RATHER THAN MISS THE PROFITS
OF A FEW HOURS, NEARLY FOUR
HUNDRED HUMAN BEINGS WERE
SUBJECTED TO THE OPEN TORCH
METHOD OF LIGHTING THE MINE—
a method so grossly careless as to amount to
a crime.
Every man directly responsible for the use
of those torches, IS GUILTY OF MUR
DER—murder by criminal negligence.
But the risk which the workmen were
made to take at Cherry, was no greater than
that which every locomotive engineer, train
crew, conductor and postal clerk has to run.
every day of his life. The Wall Street ras
cals, who are operating the trains with the
view of pocketing earnings on twelve billion
dollars of fictitious capitalization, are so
heartless and dollar-mad that they refuse to
adopt those safety appliances * which in
Europe make train-work free from such hor
rors as head-on, and rear-end collisions.
In Continental Europe, the railroads are
owned, to a very great extent, by the people,
the government. Therefore, * even little
Switzerland adopts up-to-date safety inven
tions, and if is a rare thing that a passenger
or train hand is injured. In America, the
most corporation-cursed land on the globe,
there is never a day when several passengers,
or members of the regular train-service are
not maimed or killed.
In the steel mills, in the factories, and in
some machine shops, as well as in various
other branches of manufacturing,— the la
borer takes his life in his hands, when he
goes to work.
In their crusade for better laws and better
conditions for the army of unprotected bread
winners, the Labor Union leaders may count
on the most vigorous support that The Jef
fersonian can give them.
Galveston Resolutions: Typo
graphical Error
There was a regrettable error in the letter
of Mr. James W. Biard, of Paris, Texas, —
printed in last week’s paper.
What friend Biard reported Mr. Buford
as saying was, that the ship-subsidy resolu
tions never came before the COMMITTEE,
of which he, Buford, was a member.
(One of Duckworth’s sleight-of-hand per
formances, apparently.)
Vardaman's Opinion of Edward
President Taft’s smile did not have any effect upon
ex-Governor Vardaman on nis recent visit South. The
noted Mississippian returned to journalism when he
left the Governor’s chair, and in a recent issue of his
paper he uses language referring to the King of Eng
land that causes some of the more cautious to fear in
ternational complications. After referring to the sov
ereign as a ‘‘human parasite” he continues: “He never
did a day’s -work in his life, or produced anything nec
essary to clothe or feed himself. Just a royal parasite,
whose early life was spent in the lowest debauchery
and his last days were spent in living on what others
produced. There is not an Irish gardener in all the
domain over which King Edward reigns who is not
more necessary to the well-being of society than the
King himself.” It is a safe prediction that Vardaman
will never be sent as minister to the Court of St.
James. —Macon Telegraph.
Nevertheless, Vardaman wrote nothing but
the truth. He need not have limited Ed
ward’s debaucheries to his “youth”.
When did he quit? Unless some outrage
ous lies are afloat, this twentieth century
monarch lives almost as shamelessly as did
Charles 11., or Louis XV.
The <( Appeal 99 Wrong About It
My Dear Sir: —I inclose a clipping from Appeal to
Reason on the emergency currency law, which I think
is overdrawn, like many other things that find then
way into the Appeal. 1 know you have not let a law
pass, of such drastic power for evil, without getting
the inside facts. Is it as bad as the Appeal makes it
out? Is it possible that the American people are such
craven, ignorant slaves as to submit to such bold, in
famous robbery without protest?
For the benefit of your readers, will you give us an
editorial on this emergency robbery law? You surely
gave Socialism a solar plexus punch in your November
Magazine. With best wishes, 1 am
Sincerely yours, Oliver S. Jones.
Prescott, Arkansas, Nov. 13, 1909.
ANSWER.
The Appeal to Reason is entirely wrong
about the matter.
While it is true that the bank notes read,
“Secured by government bonds, or other se
curities,” the truth is that every one of them
is based on government bonds.
The Aldrich-Vreeland act was a monstrous
piece of legislation, and it was explained and
denounced repeatedly in this paper. But, for
some reason, no currency has been issued un
der it, —not a dollar.
The bulk of the bank-notes ($597,077,350)
is secured by the bonds, known as United
States Consols maturing in 1930.
The balance of the bank-note money is se
cured by bonds known as the Panama, Phil-
DUCKWORTH HAS NOT ANSWER
ED THOSE QUESTIONS. THEY ARE
FAIR QUESTIONS. VITALLY IMPOR
TANT TO FARMERS 1 UNION. BOYS,
MAKE HIM ANSWER!