Neuralgia
Pains
Are the result of an
abnormal condition of
the more prominent nerve
branches, caused by con
gestion, irritation, or dis
ease. If you want to re
lieve the pain try Dr. Miles
Anti-Pain Pills. They
often relieve when every
thing else fails. They
leave no disagreeable
after-effects. Just a
pleasurable sense of re
lief. Try them.
“I have neuralgia headache right
over my eyes, and I am really afraid
that my eyes will burst. I also have
neuralgia pain around my heart. I
have been taking Dr. Miles’ Anti-
Pain Pills recently and find they re
lieve these troubles quickly. I seldom
find it necessary to take more than
two tablets for complete relief.”
MRS. KATHERINE BARTON
1117 Valley fit, Carthage, Mo.
-"I have awful spells of neuralgia
and have doctored a great deal with
out getting much benefit For tho
last two years I have been taking
Dr. Miles’ Anti-Pain Pills and they
always relieve me. I have been so
bad with neuralgia that I sometimes
thought I would go crazy. Sometimes
it is necessary to take two of them,
but never more and they are sure to
relieve me.” MRS. FERRIER,
2434 Lynn St., Lincoln, Neb.
Vour druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Anti-
Pain Pills, and we authorize him to
return the price of first package (only)
If it fails to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
Lloyd's Prize Winning
COLUMBIAN WYANDOTTES
The best in the South. The best winter layers.
Quick maturity and handsome as pictures. A
bunch of fine birds for sale. Eggs $2.00 and $5.00
per 15.
Wm. J. LLOYD - Ch ittahoochee, Ga.
Brother, Quit Tobacco
TODAY—NOW
There are ten kinds of poisons in tobacco. Yes,
you can stop chewing or smoking by using
Niagara Tobacco Antidote
Will mail dollar box for 35 cents cash.
Good until July, 1909. G. D. FRANK,
Elizabeth Town, Ky.
CLUBS
We Club the Weekly Jeffersonian
WITH
Atlanta Constitution
(tri-weekly) $1.50
Atlanta Georgian (daily)... 4 50
National Co-» perator
(Texas) 1.35
Fanners’ Union News .... 1.50
Royston Record 1.25
Progressive Farmer 1.15
Cotton Journal 1.50
Brann’s Iconoclast 1.10
Wilshire’s Magazine 1.00
Southern Ruralist 1.00
4
The Greatest of all Song Books
\ HAPPY VOICES No. J
First edition sold in three days. Second edi
tion ready February 15th. Order at once to
makesure. 15c a copy, $1.50 a dozen prepaid.
J. L. MOORE - Bethlehem, Ga.
VETERINARY COURSE AT HOME,
f 10nn year end upwards can be made taking onr V eter
vl&UU inarv Course at home during spare time; taught
in simplest English; Diploma granted, positions obtained
for successful students; cost witbin reach of all ; satisfac
tion guaranteed; particulars free. Ontar O Veterln
orv Correspondence Schools London, Can*
jFZiPersoiial To Rheumatics
iff a . lett g r from every man and woman in America afflicted with
Rheumatism, Lumbago or Neuralgia, giving me their name and address, so
1 can send each one Free A One Dollar Bottle of my Rheumatic
Wir -’T- WJr Remedy. 1 want to convince every Rheumatic sufferer at my expense that
X. Rheumatic Remedy does what thousands of so-called remedies have
V i ailed to accomplish—. ACTUALLY CUKES RHEUMATISM.
‘ A\V * Know it does, I am sure of it and I want every Rheumatic sufferer to
Jtlfjj 7HI know it and bo sure of it, before giving me a penny profit. You cannot
JuSSswMtt' GOax . Rheumatism out through tho feet or skin with plasters or cunning
iUMk I inetol contrivances. You cannot tease it out with liniments, electricity
or magnetism. You cannot Imagine it out with mental science. You
f?! Or/v© It Out. It is in tho blood and you must Go After It
I T,» ®?»t lt ‘ T his is Jnst what Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy does and
| that s why it cures Rheumatism. Rheumatism is Uric Acid and Uric Acid and Kuhn’s Rheumatic
' Remedy cannot live together in tho same blood. Tho Rheumatism has to go anti It does
[ Remedy cures tho sharp, shooting pains, the dull, aching muscles, the hot, throbbing.
1 swollen limbs, and cramped, stiffened, useless joints, ones cures them quickly.
I CAN PROVE IT ALL TO YOU
I If you will only let mo do it. I will prove much In One Week, if you will only write and ask my
I Lompany to send you a dollar bottlo FREE according to tho following offer. I don’t care what form
r of Rheumatism you have or how long you have had it. I den’t t /t
care what other remedies you have used. If you have not used //
I mine you don’t know what a real Rheumatic Remedy will do. Zlf / 1 s
Read our offer below and write to us Immediately,
A FULL-SIZED SI.OO BOTTLE FREE!
We want you to try Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy, to learn for yourself that Rheumatism can be cured
I and we want no profit on the trial. A fair test is all wo ask. If you find it is curingyour Rheumatism
I or Neuralgia, order more to complete your cure and thus give us a profit. If it does not help you. that
I ends it. We do not send a small sample vial, containing only a thimbleful and of no practical value,
but a fuH-sixed ftcet/©','selling regularly at drug-stores for Ono Dollar Each. This bottle is
i heavy and we must pay Uncle Sam to carry it to your door. You must send us 29 cents to pay
I postage, mailing case and packing and this full-sized One Dollar Bottlo will bo promptly sent you
I free, everything prepaid. There will be nothing to pay on receipt or later. Don’t wait until your
I Heart- Valves are injured by Rheumatic Poison, but send today and get a One Dollar Bottle free.
Only one bottle free to afamily and only to those who send the 29 cents for charges. Address
LKUHN REMEDY CO., DEPT. F. Y. HOYNE & NORTH AYES., CHICAGO
plaintive confession of her inability to
battle -single-handed for her brood,
the solution came, a>nd like ,a belated
echo Dr. Ray’s words awoke in her
'heart: “If yon would reach the
Far-away do not mistake the path
that leads to the heights; it is called
the Nearby.” This path ran plainly
now at her feet and her eyes dimmed
that it had taken the pallid hand of
Death to point it out. A great wave
of comfort flowed into her sou! and
with the brightening of her spirits she
remembered a letter neglected m the
mental stress of the past days. She
must delay no longer in telling Miss
Clay know why she had failed to re
port on the summons, also of her
change of plans for the future. The
call of fame from a foreign field was
not for one needed at home.
In her search for the letter she
came suddenly upon Alonzo’s picture.
She gave it a half-curious glance. It
no longer had the power to conjure
up a Prince Charming, it was a mere
bit of pasteboard that would help
to kindle the kitchen tire, she thought
as she tore it in half and once across
and dropped the four pieces in her
apron pocket. Years ago she had
heard the name Alonzo linked with
her own in the title of an old book
that she had never read, but the name
had pleased her fancy and she had
bestowed it on her ideal, who existed
only in her imaginary world and
whose personal appearance had been
rather hazy and indiscribable, eclips
ed by his mental and spiritual at
tributes, until she came accidentally
into possession of a collection of pho
tographs thrown away by one of her
patients. Then she had found Alonzo,
But now her irridescent dream was
merged in reality and Alonzo would
never 'materialize—unless in the per
son of Tommy Young, smiling in
whimsical irony at the thought.
‘‘A dream itself is but a shadow.”
She had been silly and selfish, but
the scales had fallen from her eyes
and she saw back of the poverty of
her home and the lack of culture in
her folks, home and her own,
loving and beloved, and before her
lay a career of simple service and
sacrifice. She would be a woman
strong enough to help bear the sor
rows of others, their joy, love, grati
tude and hopes would bear her com
pany and in after years she could
look back over her well lived live with
Btje Seffersonlan
a 'heart filled with infinite peace, and
though her meed would not bring
fame, there would be no bitterness
and she would know the fullest herit
age of womankind.
TENNESSEE ON TRIAL.
A former senator of the United
States, man of ability and public
value to his state and the country was
murdered in cold blood in Nashville
Monday. Unfortunately Air. Carmack
was himself armed, in expectation of
such an attempt; but he was not the
aggressor in the meeting and appar
ently had little chance for his life,
taken unawares while talking with a
lady and shot at close range.
It would be idle to seek explana
tion, much less excuse, for the mur
der in the harmless '* and facetious
newspaper article which preceded it,
speaking of the murderer’s father as
the “great diplomat of the political
Zweibund.” In this case, as in the
killing of Gonzales by Tillman’s neph
ew in South Carolina, a politician
concerned in a factional figflit for of
fice and political power was ready to
assassinate a man who stood in his
way. It is no defense to say that
there was right and wrong on both
sides. There usually is. But this
method of settling political quarrels
is a brutal survival from times when
cave men fought for cocoanuts with
clubs. It is on a level with gang
murders or Black Hand feuds among
the most degraded toughs of New
York. With some sordid crimes neith
er personal honor nor sense of public
duty has any conceivable connection.
In the sequel of this tragedy the state
of Tennessee is itself on trial. Its
title to civilization is clouded if such
a murder goes unpunished upon the
usual pica of “self-defense.” —New
York World.
READ TOM WATSON’S.
It would be a matter for genuine
satisfaction if more people in this
section of our common country learn
ed more about the great and noble
abilities of Thomas E. Watson, of
Georgia. The best way to do so is to
read his two publications, the Weekly
Jeffersonian and Magazine (monthly),
which you find described by the pub
lisher on last page of the Whip.
CLASSIFIED.
NURSERIES.
We are growers of Pecan trees, Field
grown Roses, Paltns. Ferns and Ornament
als.—Gainesville Nurseries, Gainesville, Fla.
TOBACCO.
Chew “Red Eye” and be happy. Taylor
Bros., Winston-Salem, N. C.
SCHOOLS.
We offer a life scholarship for $45.00. Write for
catalogue. Athens Business College, Athens,
Ga.
Draughon has thirty practical business colleges
and also teaches by mail. Write to Jno F
Draughon, President, Nashville, Tenn.
Read the Educational Department in Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine, and you will learn tilings.
A dollar a year will give you a liberal education.
Learn to classify cotton and protect your
self In the market.—American Cotton &
Business University. Milledgeville, Ga
Wanted—Young and middle-uged people
to prepare for positions us bookkeepers,
stenographers ami telegraph operators, pay
ing from SIOO to $l5O per month. Position
guaranteed. Railroad fare paid. Catalogue
free. Wheeler Business College, Bitming
ham, Ala.
COTTON. —— —
Ship your cotton to Phlnlzy & Co., Au
gusta, Ga.
12.U00 grafted aud budded trees. Best
varieties. Bear's Pecan Nurseries, Palatka.
Fla. ’
MAGrtlNErt Y.
LIGHT saw, lath and shingle mills, wood saws
and splitters. Steam and gasoline engines.
Try Lombard Iron Works, Augusta, Ga.
w
Engines, Boilers, Gasoline Engines, Saw
mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills,
Pumps. American Machinery co., 49 South
Forsyth St., Atlanta, ua.
INCUBATORS.
Hoffman s Automatic Incubators are
emphatically the best. Hoffman lucubator
& Mlg. Co., Rome, Ga.
POULTRY.
I will show you how to make your hens
lay more eggs. Enclose stamp. N. L.
Webb, 1-4, Lamasco, Texas.
Lloyd’s Prize Winning Columbian Wyandottes
are the best in the South. A bunch of fine birds
for sale. Also eggs. Wm J. Lloyd, Chattahoo
chee, Ga.
FARMS FOR SALE.
Good Hawkins County Farms. Also In
dian curios and fossils.—J. Morgan Robi
nett, Klondike, Tenn.
INSURANCE.
The Georgia Home Insurance Co , of Columbus,
Ga., is nearly half a century old. It is a home
institution.
PLANT SETTER.
Send us your name and address, and we will tell
you how to do away with ail the tedious work of
setting out a field of plants. Masters Planter Co.
178 South Water St, Chicago. Hi.
MEDICAL.
Dropsy cured. Trial treatment free. For
testimonials and free treatment, write to
Dr. H. H. Green's Sous, Box K, Atlanta,
Ga.
Write to Dr. B. M. Woolley Co.. Atlanta,
Ga., for his treatment of nervous diseases’
alcoholic and drug addictions.
COTTON SEED.
Pure Pulnot Cotton Seed. Per bushel,
less than 25 bus., $1.00; 25 to 50 bus., 90
cents; over 50 bus., 80 cents. —J. E. Brad
bnry, Jr., Rte 4, Athens, Ga.
FERTILIZERS.
Read the ad of the Virginia-Carolina
Chemical Co., and send for a copy for a
copy of their year book for 1909.
The great soil builder is ground phos
phate rock. Write to the Farmers Union
Phosphate Co., Birmingham, Ala.
FOR SALE.
One cane juice evaporator; second-hand; in
good order. Will sell very Apply to
J. D. BOZEMAN, R. F. D. No. 2, Q nt nan. Ga
NEW TABLE BERRY.
Young’s new berry, the Berkeley, very
like the raspberry, is tho finest and largest
of all. Send for juice list of berry plants.
Wm. A. Young, 2525 Milvia St., Berkeley
Cal.
CAMERAS.
DAYDAKK users make from $5.00 to
$10.09 a day. Photo post-cards taken and
finished with a Daydark machine in fire
minutes, anywhere, without use of dark
room. Experience not necessary. A. J,
Fausch, 1805 Gravols Ave., St, Louis, Mo.
PAGE ELEVEN