3efferWUan
VoL 7, Number 6
How a Leader May Get His Men
Into Deep Trouble
ful to the cause of Labor.
The Jeffersonian believes Mr. Gompers to be an able and
perfectly honest man. With most of his program we are in
hearty accord. But on some extremely important matters he
has been badly advised. Not being a lawyer himself, he has
been in need of good counsel, and he has not had it.
Any really competent attorney would have told him that
his effort to deprive the courts of the power to protect “busi
ness” would end in complete failure. If Congress should be
insane enough to enact such legislation to, the Courts would
have to set it aside. In numberless cases, the natural and legiti
mate use of property is “business”; and therefore a law which
declares that the courts shall not protect the owner in the free
use of his property, 'would destroy its value. Os course, such
a law would be unconstitutonal. It would violate one of the
most vital clauses of the Great Charter of our liberties.
Evidently, Mr. Gompers’ lawyers failed to explain this to
him, for he gave his support to the Pearre bill, in good faith,
without the slightest doubt of its being consistent with the
right to own and use private property.
On the boycott policy, he has been equally misled, as to the
law. Idie blacklist and the boycott are hostile to the elementary
principles of English liberty.
If an insolent employer of labor should pursue you from
place to place, from city to city, from State to State, cutting
you out from work, robbing you of the right to live — you can
turn upon him, and make him smell hell. And that’s exactly
what you ought to do. You can sue him for damages, and tie
his hands, for the future, with an injunction. If the scoundrel
who pursues you with the blacklist represents a corporation,
you can make the corporation smoke. And you can enjoin
that, also.
On the other hand, you must not persecute an individual
or a corporation with a boycott. In principle it is the same as
the cowardly and diabolical blacklist. Both of them proceed
in practically the same manner, and result in practically the
same thing. If the blacklist persecution succeeds, you are
starved out. Nobody will give you a job. Your liberty to dis
pose of your labor as you see fit, is destroyed. Outlawed by
the malignant blacklist, you lose your life, without due process
of laiv.
But suppose your boycott of the employer succeeds—hasn’t
the same thing happened? Nobody will work for him, sell to
him, or buy from him. Outlawed by the boycott, his business
perishes, and the value of his property is destroyed, without
due process of law.
If blacklists and boycotts could thrive in this country, em
ployees and employers would lose all independence.
In fact, were the two systems developed, they would lead to
a deadlock, all business would be paralyzed, and we'd have a
class-war that would be a godsend to the Socialists.
Can’t you see THAT, Brother Gompers?
It was because the United Hatters of North America were
running their heads against stone walls, in boycotting those
F the Hon. Samuel Gompers had been guided by a
lawyer who is w T ell grounded in fundamental prin
ciples, there would not now be pending against the
Labor Unions a judgment for $222,000.
Not only will such a penalty be a severe blow
to the finances of the Labor organizations, but its
effect upon public opinion will necessarily be hurt-
Mlanta, Ga., Thursday, February 10, 1910
Danbury hat-making firms, that a judgment for $222,000 dam
ages now stands against every member of the Labor Union.
The broad principle has been asserted, that every workman
who pays dues to a Union which supports the American Fed
eration of Labor, is responsible for the official acts of the Fed
eration's officers.
The principle is sound—consequently, it is to the interest of
the various local Unions to consider very carefully all such
matters as the Pearre bill, the defiance of restraining orders,
the boycotting of manufacturing establishments, etc.
Senator Tillman, Show Your Manliness
By Giving That Mother Her Babes!
S there anywhere in Nature a right more sacred
than that of a mother to her child? Did an angel
ever wear a holier look than beautifies the young
wife’s face, as she gazes on the infant that lies in
her arms?
The very birds of the air, and beasts of the
field and forest, recognize the holy rights of Moth-
li
\ n
erhood. The tiniest little songster will furiously battle for the
possession of her brood, and will die in its defence. The lioness
and the tigress are never so terrible as when they fight to keep
their whelps. Against this universal Law of Nature, stands
Senator Tillman, and a statute in the South Carolina Code. In
some way, incredible as it may seem, some legislature of that
State enacted a “law”, giving the father of a child the right to
“deed it away” to whomsoever he pleased. Under this “law”,
Senator Tillman’s son, whose young wife had to leave him on
account of alleged drunkenness and cruel treatment, conveyed
the two children of the marriage to their grandfather. One of
these children is a little girl.
In spite of the pleadings of the mother, Senator Tillman
holds on to them. He says that he has no attack to make on
her character, but that she is unfit to raise her children.
What fouler attack can be made on the character of a wom
an than to say that she is not fit to raise her own girl?
Senator Tillman’s son married a lady whose family connec
tions are as good as any in this country. She herself is a re
fined and accomplished lady. Her great misfortune was to
marry a man who could not? or at least did not, appreciate the
prize he had won.
He led her a fearful life—a life that must have been one of
daily torment —and now he breaks her heart by robbing her of
her children.
Senator Tillman ought not to be a party to this crime. It
IS a crime—a crime against Nature, against Justice, against
God to rob that mother of her babies.
Did you ever hear a woman bewail the loss of a child ? No
sound that ever falls on human ear is more heartrending. The
voice that was heard in Ramah has been heard all over the
earth, wherever women have been mothers, and then mourners
of lost children.
In the Tillman case, the loss of the little ones is intensified
by the cruel fact that they are lost to none but to her alone who
has the God-given right to them.
It is a shame. Senator Tillman will lose the respect of all
right-thinking men, if he does not return those tots to their
mother.
Price, Five Gents