PAGE SIXTEEN
IN FAVOR OF STAMP TAXES.
(Concluded from Page 1)
the Evil One. Ask a Congressman
to advocate a system of stamp taxes,
and the chances are that he will con
sider you a traitor to your country,
a sympathizer with schemes mon
archical, an underminer of the Con
stitution. Besides, he will tell you
that nothing could be more unpopu
lar than the use of stamps for taxing
purposes. This, he really believes,
puts the case out of court at once.
It was once unpopular to assert a
belief in the rotundity of the earth.
But the sphere retained its shape,
none the less, and popularity eventu
ally came its way, leaving the earth,
however, no rounder than before.
One of these days stamp taxes may
be regarded with sufficient favor to
justify their permanent adoption in
this country, for they are really not
monarchical, nor subversive of jus
tice; they are merely a practical,
straightforward, common-sense meth
od of collecting a portion of the na
tional revenue, and they have the
merit of constantly reminding the av
erage man that he is making a direct
contribution to the support of the
Government, a fact which he too of
ten forgets. Perhaps he likes to for
get it. It is not well that he should
do so.
So much of the taxation of this
country is imposed in ways that do
not make themselves directly felt, di
rectly apparent to the majority as
taxation, that there has grown, nat
urally enough in association with the
national carelessness as to details, an
indisposition to watch the national
expenditures. Our people are happy
under the delusion that taxation is
best when it is not felt. They pay it
all the same, but in forms so indirect
that half the time, perhaps three
quarters, they do not realize that
they are paying it at all. They would
be more careful if they felt it more,
felt it as taxation, and did not have
it lumped into their rent and the
prices of all the commodities they
buy. The more they felt it the more
they would ask: “What is it for?’’
When the stamp taxes were taken
off the bank checks after the latest
war the drawers of checks thanked
fortune and the Government, and
said: “The war taxes are ended.”
Os course, they were not ended, and
the persons who use checks would
have been wiser if they had urged
the retention of the stamp tax and
its extension to many other forms of
business documents —to affidavits and
agreements, to receipts, appraise
ments, and all forms of licenses, to
leases, promissory notes and bills of
exchange, to bills of lading, mort
gages and deeds, drafts and declara
tions, powers of attorney, securities,
and so on.
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
Summer SESSION begins June 15. and continues eight weeks. Instruction
offered in Literary, Music, Expression, and Business Departments. Courses to
meet the special needs of pupils with deficiencies. Splendid advantages for
those desiring to “make up” work in high school grades and for those needing
special coaching and preparation foi' College entrance.
Teachers are from our regular Faculty and from Faculties of leading
Southern Colleges. Dormitories open for accommodation of both boys and
girls. Board $8 to $12.50 per month. For catalog and full information address
Claude Gray, President. Locust Grove, Ga.
AGENTS’ PRIZE CONTEST
To the agent who. sends us the largest number of subscriptions to Wat
son’s Weekly Jeffersonian, or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, between
April 8 and June 10, 1909, we will give
TEN DOLLARS IN CASH
To the agent who sends us the second largest number of subscriptions,
as above, we will give
FIVE DOLLARS UNI CASH
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows:
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian 10 points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards 5 points
Six months’ subscription to either Jeffersonian 5 points
Six months’ subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 4 points
Three months’ subscription to either Jeffersonian 2% points
Three months’ subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards. .. .2 points
Regular agents’ commission will be allowed on all subscriptions sent
in for this prize competition. For blanks, samples, etc., apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Os course, this suggestion will
make many worthy citizens gasp with
amazement. But after some reflec
tion they will see that it is a sensi
ble suggestion. Other countries find
it so. There are lands where every
poster has a stamp affixed. Why
not? You have to pay taxation in
some way, even though you never re
ceive a tax bill. A great many per
sons find it difficult to get this fact
into their heads; nevertheless, it
makes its way to their pockets. The
Government wants more revenue.
Very well, why not get it from stamp
taxes? Why load up the tariff? Os
course, it is easy to get it from the
tariff because a majority of the peo
ple seem to think that somebody else
pays the tariff duties.
The stamp taxes of the United
Kingdom bring in about $40,000,000
a year. Taxes similarly imposed in
this country would bring in more.
Last year the British Government re
ceived over $15,000,000 for stamps
on deeds; over $4,300,000 for stamps
on bills of exchange; over $2,000,000
for stamps on bonds; over $685,000
for stamps on contracts; over sl,-
300,000 for stamps on marine insur
ances; over $4 50,000 for stamps on
life insurances; over $8,600,000 for
stamps on receipts and drafts; over
$125,000 for stamps on packages of
playing cards; and so following.
Why not give some favorable con
sideration to a system of stamp taxes
in this country? What valid objec
tion can be raised against them?
Are they inconvenient? What tax
is convenient? And why is it more
inconvenient to stamp business docu
ments than to stamp letters? The
truth is that a system of taxation by
means of stamps is a practical sys
tem employed by practical nations
which look after the details of their
national expenditure much more
closely than we do in this country.
Some Congressman with courage and
information should interest himself
in the subject; associations of busi
ness men would do well to discuss it;
publicists to write about it. The
American public will be the gainer
as it becomes more familiar both
with the theory and practice. Stamp
taxes are not paid by the other fel
low. —Boston Herald.
READ THIS BOOK
The Cause of Our Financial Pan
ics, and How They May be Averted.
By S. Fourtner. Worth its weight in
gold. Price 25 cents. Address
People’s Protective Association
P. 0. Box 87, Seattle, Wash. *
Both men and women can make
money with us. Free admittance.
Particulars 2-cent stamp. Texas
Prospectors’ Association, Dallas, Tex.
Glje 'Seffcrsonian
Your First
Opportunity
THE GREATEST OFFER YET
Farmer, Farmers’ Union Man, or Not
THIS IS FOR YOU
WATSON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN—A political and
rational paper for the farmer who does his own think
ing and is not led by the nose by any man living. It is ab
solutely fearless, and faithful to the great body of our
farmer toilers. One year SI.OO
TRI WEEKLY CONSTITUTION Monday, Wednesday,
Friday. Three times a week for one year 1.00
HISTORY AND TIMES OF THE FARMERS’ UNION—
By President Charles S. Barrett. Just off the press, post
age prepaid 1.50
$3.50
ALL FOR ONLY $2.50
The Tri-Weekly Constitution
and Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian are two of the best farm and home
papers published. The Constitution’s news and special features and
departments are all addressed especially to the business man on the
farm, the head of affairs in his domain. It is almost a daily paper
and comes right on, with the outside world in its arms, for your read
ing every other day. No farmer should deny himself the luxury of
its tri-weekly greetings.
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian
stands for the modern spirit of free and independent thought in pol
itics and social life. Its articles are peculiarly for the Southern ag
riculturist, whose daily toil is needlessly hard and unremunerative
because of the iniquitous conditions under which gigantic fortunes
have been built at his expense. Tom Watson, the old Alliance leader,
the friend of the Farmers’ Union, the man who made Rural Free
Delivery possible in this country, is the editor; and never did the
farmer have a more capable and a more unselfish adviser,
preciate it properly.
But, best of all, President Barrett’s book is what you want.
Here is but a brief description of it. You need the book itself to ap-
History and Times of the Farmers’ Union
By Charles 8. Barrett. National President of Farmers' Union
This book is just from the press. It is new and bright and up
to the moment. Mr. Barrett gives a complete running history of the
Farmers’ Union, from the beginnings made by Newt Gresham, the
founder, down to the present. He presents the farmers’ problems,
agricultural, industrial and economic, as he sees them from his van
tage point, in his clear, concise and energized style, just as he speaks.
You can almost s.ee his smile and feel the vibrant thrill of his intense
energy as you read the pages. The book will be read with deep in
terest by all, whether members of the great Farmers’ Union, or not.
It commands the attention of the whole public as the conscientious
utterance of a great leader sprung from the body of our toilers,
whose problems are urgent and involve the prosperity of all the
nation.
BOTH PAPERS FOR ONE YEAR, AND THE HISTORY
AND TIMES OF THE FARMERS’ UNION
AIL FOR ONLY $2.50
send all iCECE’DCn MJA MC Thomson
orders to J trrtKb UN IAN b GEORGIA