associations—selfishness’being the ruling spirit. I en
joyed seeing men stealing other men’s thunder (brains).
I have quietly sat by and helped mold public opinion,
only to see the wily politician spread his sails to catch
the wave of popular sentiment and feather his speech
with promises along popular lines, and when elected to
omce fail to make good—‘another reformer gone
wro »g ’twas said; the excuses for not keeping their
. a ? invariably been: ‘lt would not be expedient
at this time,’ or ‘it is impracticable from a party stand
point. Monopoly is in the saddle and runs the politi
cal parties that have a ghost of a chance to hold office
toor’ 6 able tO divert enou 8 h votes to elect a monopoly
One by one, the Old Guard of Populism
drops out. Instead of giving their support to
reform publications, the people subscribe to
the papers and magazines which invariably
side with the corporations when the battle is
joined.
We are sorry that Dr. Reemelin lost heart
and quit, but not surprised. He has done his
share and is entitled to an honorable dis
charge. It is almost a hopeless and thankless
task to continue the war against Special Priv
ilege in this country,—not because The Few
are so strong, but because The Many are so
indifferent.
H 0 IS
What About This?
In the Saturday Blade appears the follow
ing:
“Sir Robert Hart, for many years in charge of the
Chinese customs on behalf of the British Government,
and probably better acquainted with China and the
Chinese than any other white man, has made the frank
statement that, no matter what missionaries may be
lieve and say, not one Chinaman has ever been really
converted to Christianity.
“He contends that the sole object of attending
English-speaking schools is to learn English and to
pick up foreign methods, and that John Chinaman’s
pretense of conversion is pretense and nothing more.
“There are more white heathen in New York than
all the Chinamen mission will ever convert, here or in
China. And such girls as Elsie Sigel can find better
employment for their energies among the children of
the American poor than among the almond-eyed devils
of the Chinese hells, infested by the very worst of the
underworld.”
Nevertheless, we find that one of the
churches in the Southern States raised, last
year, $538,500 for the Chinese and other
heathen, while no more than $360,500 was col
lected for the needy of our own land. It is a
queer charity which does less for the home
folks than for the foreigners.
Atlanta is one of our greatest cities. There
is lots of religion in Atlanta. Also Near-beer
and Coca-Cola. Also, Moral Element, which
achieved a notable triumph over the wicked,
some months ago. Nevertheless, one of our
good Baptist brethren writes as follows to the
Atlanta Journal:
“In the immediate neighborhood of our church (the
new Marietta Street Baptist), there are from five to ten
thousand unconverted, non-churchgoing people. Many
of them are so destitute of the necessities of life that
they are ashamed to be seen at church and Sabbath
school with their more fortunate neighbors.”
“Unconverted, non-churchgoing, and desti
tute of the necessaries of life,” —so says Hugh
S. Wallace, of Atlanta.
Is there a worse condition of affairs, any
where ?
The Georgia Legislature
Unusual interest attaches to the session
which is now on. Some new legislation of
general importance is proposed, and some old
acquaintance, like the anti-lobby bill, are with
us again.
(1) If the people of any civilized com
munity, where a civil or criminal case is on
trial, should see the attorneys, agents and em
ployees of the Plaintiff and Defendant taking
the members of the jury off to one side to jug
gle with them, there would be a riot. If the
thing w r ere not stopped instanter, somebody
would be lynched. Yet, all of us know that
the lobby-evil, in the Legislature, is analogous
to the situation which we have imagined.
After having been sworn in, the members of
3effersonian
the Legislature are in the position of jurors
empanelled to try a case. Nobody should be
allowed to speak to them about any pending
or proposed legislation, excepting in the hear
ings in committee or before the whole house.
IF hy should a lobbyist desire to have a secret
conference with a legislator? There is but
one possible answer, — TO CORRUPT OR
DECEIVE HIM.
(2) There is a compulsory education bill
before the Legislature. Is there a general de
mand for such a law, or is it being pushed by
a handful of Zealots? The subject should be
most carefully considered. If the. people as a
whole demand such a law, they should have
it. But recollect that it will force every ne
gro child out of the field into the school
room, and don’t forget that the pride of white
parents will deter them from sending their
children, if they are not able to clothe them
in such away as to save them from ridicule
and humiliation.
Remember, .gentlemen! Many of our poor
whites are the proudest, most sensitive people
on earth! You simply cannot frame a law 7
which will reach every case. You may fling
sane, penniless men into the jails, but you
cannot help the child, always, by doing that.
Before penalizing the conduct of those who
stand in the place of parents, the law should
be so worded as not to make a criminal out of
the person who is willing to put the child in
school, but. who is literally unable to do so.
To the jury should be given a wide and wise
discretion in the matter of the motive govern
ing the parent. And we say, again, that the
State should not adopt a severe compulsory
law, so long as the parents are compelled to
pay tribute to the School-book Trust and to
meet the incidental expenses assessed against
pupils.
(3) In this connection, we call special at
tention to the Persons bill. If we understand
this measure, it is extremely dangerous. Poor
human nature cannot be entrusted with too
much power. Autocratic authority should
never be set up in the belief that the despot
will always be of the benevolent type. Ex
perience ought to have taught us, by this
time, that when once the centralizing and con
solidating process begins, there is never a halt
until despotism results. Let the members of
the Legislature carefully study the Persons
bill and then ask themselves the question,—
Suppose this tremendous power should be
vested in tyrannical hands, how could the peo
ple get redress?
Under the Persons bill, the State School
Commissioner becomes a law-maker from
whose decisions there is no appeal, save to the
State Board of Education which he in part
appoints. He will draw two salaries. He
will become ex-officio a Trustee of the State
University, the Normal and Industrial Col
leges at Athens and Milledgeville and of all
other normal schools! He will appoint two
State school inspectors, at $2,000 each, and
these will have clerks and stenographers cost
ing $3,900 per year. He will have exclusive
power to issue and annul charters of literary,
technological and professional schools. Un
der this Persons bill, the people will be de
prived of the right to elect the County School
C ommissioner. That officer will not be eligi
ble until he has stood an examination before
the new State School Board. In other words,
the people will not be allowed to vote for any
candidate, unless he can show a license from
the State Board.
Mr. Persons should by all means elaborate
his plans, and compel aspirants for Congress,
for the Governorship, for State-House offices,
and for the Georgia Legislature to stand an
examination for fitness, before being allowed
to solicit support. People who, according to
Mr. Persons, cannot be trusted to elect a suit
able man for County School Commissioner,
need guardians in the matter of selecting gov
ernors, legislators, judges, solicitors, railroad
commissioners, etc.
If a County School Commissioner is to be
made to dance up to Atlanta and get a permit
to run for the office, why not apply the same
rule to the Ordinary, the Treasurer, the Clerk
and the Sheriff?
If we are to wade in for centralism and
ring-rule, let us go the whole hog.
(4) We have always favored the exten
sion of the State road to deep-water. The
Central Railroad has forfeited its charter,
time and again, and the State could condemn
and buy in the physical property; but now
that Harriman has seized it and boasts of his
ability to buy judges and legislatures, we
guess we can’t go to sea byway of the Central.
Therefore, we ought to strike out from At
lanta to tide-water by the shortest, easiest way,
get a through-line and thus force freight rates
downward.
(5) We don’t think it would be good pol
icy or fair play, to burden all the people with
bond-issues to build boulevards for automo
biles whose joyful occupants want improved
routes from city to city.
(6) We don’t think that it makes much
difference whether the Legislature meets once
a year, or once in two years. A sorry Legis
lature can’t meet too seldom, and a good one
ought to come often. Seriously, the legisla
tive function is intended to be analogous to
that of a Grand Jury. It should be the regu
lator for the State, as the Grand Jury is for
the county. Somehow, we are inclined to fa
for the annual meet, but, as Roosevelt said of
Woman Suffrage, we are not excited about it.
(7) We heartily favor the proposition to
trim down the Railroad Commission to its
former proportions. There never was any
sense in adding two members to it, or giving
it a permanent expert and attorney. Any
board consisting of several will evolve one
man control; and a McLendon could as readi
ly have emerged from a board of three as
from a board of five. We strongly opposed
the increase at the time Governor Smith in
sisted upon it, and we are consistent in favor
ing the restoration of the former status.
(8) The proposition to have a Commis
sioner of Agriculture for each county might
be amended so as to give one to each militia
district. And the amendment might be
amended by giving two to the town precinct.
Os course it will be a good idea to give each
Commissioner a secretary, who in turn should
have a clerk, and all three should have stenog
raphers and typewriters. However, we are
bitterly opposed to giving them automobiles.
SI SS 81
The McLendon Case
We have not been in any hurry to comment
on the action of Governor Smith in seeking to
carry Guyt McLendon along with him as he
went out of office.
Possibly Mac ought to have followed the
custom which is so English, you know, and
tendered his resignation upon the retirement
of his Chief; but he couldn’t see it that way,
and Hoke, naturally wanting company for his
misery, sent the bow-string to Guyt as he was
leaving the Governorship.
Who struck William Patterson, and who
was the Man in the Iron mask and who wrote
the Letters of Junius and why were Joe
Brown and Guyt McLendon fired from the
Railroad Commission of Georgia ?
These historic conundrums will go floating
down the stream of time puzzling, tantalizing
and amusing the curious, world without end.
The lamest state-paper on record is that in
which Governor Smith gave his reasons for
bouncing Little Joe, when his term was al
most out by its legal limitation. A fair para
phrase of that document, of Smith versus
Brown, is as follows: “I do not like you, Dr.
Fell: the reason why I cannot tell; but this I
know and know full well, I do not like vou,
Dr. Fell:—ding you.”
In private conversation, the partisans of
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE