PAGE EIGHT
Obe Jeffersonian
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than SI.C9.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
4 ab° ve date appears on
fi* | y the on y° ur paper it
* v means that your subscrip
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Georgia, March 10, 1910
Roosevelt and Bryan
This world is but a fleeting show, for man’s
illusion given; and every dog has his day:
not two, three, or a baker’s dozen —just his
ZULU
Almost imperceptibly, an important man—
author, lawyer, preacher, actor, scientist, poli
tician, statesman, orator—grows and grows,
toward a zenith: then, after a certain unde
finable but inevitable period, the waning sets
in. Somehow —and you can hardly tell why
—the halo begins to fade.
Is it because the public becomes a little fa
tigued ? Is it like the touching of the same
note too often in music?
Or, is it because some other name begins to
attract notice? Or is it because the celebrity
has entered upon a decline? Or has himself
“lost touch with the movement”?
There is such a thing as the Spirit of the
Times. What it is, I don’t know—psycholo
gy being one of my short suits. But I know
that there is such a thing; and that those who
accomplish much, while they live, must work
with the movement, and not against it,
Copernicus hugs his book and dies, in lone
ly obscurity; and Copernicus was a type.
The insects of the day must live in the light
of the day; and the men who want to do
things now, must work w&A, the crowd.
When they lose touch, down they go.
There was Henry Ward Beecher: what
throngs had hung upon his lips, in England,
as well as in America! Yet, in his decline,
he faced empty benches, even in Washington
with Congress in session.
There was Edmund Randolph, as great a
legal mind as this country ever produced.
Yet, in Governor Gillmer’s “Georgians”, we
find it stated that, when the author was in
Virginia, he was told that Randolph was then
in Richmond, poor, and taking law cases at
whatever fees he could get.
Sir Walter Scott made a million dollars by
his pen, and had more readers than any
writer of his times; but his star paled until
his publishers had to tell him that he had
“lost the lick”. The last political paper he
drew up, was an address to be issued by a lo
cal organization—which rejected it, and got
another written by a Nobody.
And there was Robert J. Walker, the states
men of “the Walker Tariff”. The late Sena
tor Colquitt told me that he had been in
formed in Washington, by those who knew
the tacts, that Walker got down to where he
eagerly sought a clerical position, in one of
the departments.
And think of Talmadge! I never think of
that man without thinking of the late la
mented Phineas Barnum. In Major Pond’s
book about platform speakers and lecturers
he composedly paints a rare picture of Tal-
Tsfye Jeffersonian
madge; good-humoredly describing how, as
the crowds grew larger, in England, Tal
madge “couldn’t stand the strain, just
couldn’t, it was killing him”—until Pond
made a new contract, giving T. DeWitt a
larger price. Talmadge worked this inno
cent racket on Major Pond so often, that he,
T. DeWitt, pocketed every dollar of the
profits.
But the time came when the world grew
weary of Talmadge; and in his later years
he wasn’t run after.
And Patti, the divine Adalina —she of the
golden tongue and marble heart! she went,
weeping, back to her Welsh castle, bitterly
conscious that her day had passed.
How fine it is, when one's own good sense
hints at retirement! What spectacle is more
melancholy than that of the celebrity who
lingers too long, and wears out his welcome?
This morning (March sth) in looking over
the New York JForfoZ, I find several columns
filled by Theodore Roosevelt : on a page of
secondary importance, I find one tiny little
paragraph of less than a dozen lines, about
Peerless J. Bryan.
Is there any significance in that? The
newspapers have wonderful intuitions, as to
the relative value of news. Their scent is
like that of the vultures — they can smell
farther than you can see.
Peerless J. B. is occupying less space in the
newspapers than he has ever done, since he
was selected to ditch Populism in 1896.
Therefore, the editors must believe that he
is less in the minds of the people than ever
before. For you need not doubt that Peer
less would be ill all the papers, if he could get
there. He, like Roosevelt, knows the value
of advertising; and he takes his publicity
man along, just as Teddy does.
But the editors give Bryan less space, sim
ply because they believe that the American
public is less interested in him than in Roose
velt.
Has Peerless J. passed his meridian? It
would seem so.
The Bible, or the Bullet?
Has it ever dawned on you that the more
intelligent and educated the heathen become,
the more doubts they will have about the
Christianity of our boasted civilization? In
other words, as they learn the truth, about us
Christians, won't they be less inclined to
adopt our religion?
Remember how many things Christian na
tions have done to those that we call “pagan”.
France and Great Britain made cruel war
on China to compel her to allow the opium
curse to continue to prey upon her people. (It
is the blot on Gladstone’s career that he never
would lift a finger against the opium trade.)
I remember that a delegation of African
“Kings” called upon Queen Victoria, pre
senting gifts as they paid their respects. The
Queen made presents in return —the Bible, of
course, being among them. By the time the
'■’Kings” got back home, British soldiers were
seizing territory in Ashanti and Uganda!
Then you recall the Jap-Chinese War of
1895. The Chinks got badlv worsted, vou re
member.
Japan had as much right to “indemnity”
for the costs of the War as Germany had
when she squeezed a. billion dollars out of
prostrate France.
But the Christian powers were scandalized
by the Jap demand, and they stepped in to
make peace. They made it. ’ Japan lost all
the fruits of her fairly-won triumph, and
China was happy. For how long? For
about six months. Then the Christian na
tions illustrated the Scriptures which say
“Blessed are the peace-makers”,—the illus
tration being something new under the sun.
Russia took a slice of Chinese territory and
some immensely valuable railroad concessions.
France did likewise; Germany, ditto; and
Great Britain calmly took five Chinese States,
next to her Burmah frontier.
The Christian peace-makers robbed help
less China of territory and concessions of far
more value than the Japanese demand for in
demnity had amounted to.
Then came the Boxer revolt against mis
sionary encroachments. Just how many lives
were lost in that frightful butchery of the
Chinese will never be known. Christian sol
diers compelled Chinamen to stand by and
see their wives, daughters and sisters out
raged. Chinamen were made to dig their own
graves, before being shot and tumbled into
them. The rivers were literally choked by
dead Chinese.
All of these horrors are fresh in the mind
of the East. Do you think they will be for
gotten soon? Put yourself in the place of
those whom we Christians have wronged, and
you will know how they feel.
To them, there must be something terribly
inconsistent between the preachment of our
preachers, and the shootments of our shoot
ers.
It must baffle their minds to reconcile with
each other our eagerness to win their souls
and our readiness to shoot daylight through
their bodies.
To the heathen, it must appear uncertain
which our civilization most depends on—our
churches, or our battle-ships; our Bibles, or
our bullets.
Vardaman for the Senate
In a vicious attack on ex-Governor Varda
man, the Jackson Daily News argues that he
is unfit to represent Mississippi in the United
States Senate, because he is not a good busi
ness man.
In support of its assertion, the News intro
duces one of Governor Vardaman’s messages
to the Legislature. The contingent fund ex
penditures were not itemized in this general
message, and therefore the News convicts
Vardaman of being unfit for the Senate!
What has “business capacity”, in the usual
acceptation of the term, got to do with Sena
torial qualifications? Nothing in the world.
Some of the greatest of statesmen, soldiers,
legislators and lawyers have been utterly
lacking in ability to manage their own pri
vate affairs.
I don’t know anything about Governor
Vardaman's business capacity; but he must
be awfully deficient in that line, if hws worse
than L. Q. C. Lamar was.
How much of a business man was noble
George Vest? Was Senator George a con
spicuously able “man of affairs”? AVas Zeb
Vance a money-maker? AVas the late ex-
President Davis, of Mississippi, a
fine business manager?
How much of a business triumph was Rob
ert J. AATilker—author of the best tariff law
this country ever had? And AValker, too,
was one of Mississippi’s most illustrious
statesmen.
It is generally the case, that a great law
yer, commander, legislator, ruler, or writer
is lacking in what is called business ability.
The Duke of Marlborough was a good man
of business, but Wellington was not, Grant
was not, Lee was not —nor were Sheridan,
Sherman, Stonewall Jackson, Longstreet,
Stuart, Pierce, Young or Beauregard. Gen
eral Joseph E. Johnston had a very limited
capacity for business; and as to General Gor
don, everybody knows that Toombs spoke the
truth when he declared that if Gordon were
given a million dollars, he’d lose half of it
counting it.
Neither Edmund Burke, the Earl of Chat
ham, nor Chatham’s son, The Great Com
moner, could manage their own private busi
ness.
Sir AAhilter Scott was a failure as a business
man. So were Thomas Jefferson, Alexander
Hamilton, James Mlidison, James Mhnroe
and the South’s most consistent States’ Right