ißeund Volumes of Magazine
I (1) First six numbers Watson’s Jef
| fersoni&n Magazine bound in cloth
■ make® a most valuable book for the
■ library and for permanent, convenient
I uae.
Price, postpaid $2.00.
As a Premium it goes to you for. a
I club of 5 subscribers and $5.00.
There ar® only 217 of th® No. 1 Book.
Beautifully and profusely illus
trated and filled with a great va
riety of the best literature. Address
■; JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Great Premium
For 1 subscribers and $5.00 you get,
as Premium, THE LIFE AND TIMES
OF THOMAS JEFFERSON. Illus
trated. Bound in cloth.
In this work Mr. Watson gives:
(1) A full life of Mr. Jefferson.
(2) A full explanation of Jefferso
aiaa Desaoeracy.
(8) A full history of the United
States from the first settlement down
to im
(4) Mueh history that does not ap
pear in the other so-called “Histories”
of the United States.
(5) Much new and valuable inform
> a Cion concerning the South’s contribu
tions to American greatness and glory;
(6) The South’s true position on the
question of Neff re Slavery.
EARN THE PREMIUM AND READ
THE SOOK. Address,
JEFFERSON I Al, Thomson, Ga.
To the Veters of the Northern Judi
cial Circuit:
I announce my candidacy for the
office of Solicitor-General of the
Northern Judicial Circuit, subject to
the primary to be held for that pur
pose. I Ensure you that 1 will appre
ciate your sepport.
L. D. M’GREGOR.
HELP SAVE ONE MOTHER’S
GIRL.
Whose girl goes wrong? Some
mother’s —perhaps living, perhaps
dead —but always hers.
Why do girls go wrong? Sometimes
through ignorance, often through am
bition, oftenest through deception.
How many girls go wrong? Thou
sands every year. Today there are
fully six thousand in the seventy-one
Florence Crittenton Homes trying to
gain courage to face a frowning world
(fallen women usually get a chilling
inception) and to learn some occupa
ion which will help them to be self
upporting. This is about the aver
. ge number always within the mis
sion walls, and yet the faces change
Umost daily.
\The pages of the Florence Critten
h Magazine tell of these unfortu-
Ite women and girls, their needs and
yat you can do to HELP their
feLPERS. Not all can be mission
j but all can help those who
1 h. Though no one whom you know,
s J Tor whom you are responsible, has
\us fallen by the wayside, let us
'ge you to open your hearts to the
sperate needs of these strangers
■ io are so needy.
Please send one dollars for a year’s
Inscription to the Florence Critten
( Magazine. Address, A. W. El-
L Circulation Manager, Atlanta,
New plan for Early Bearing' Pecan Grove and
fruits free, L».y nitnlioning Watson’s
Weekly. 50 per cent reduction in price of trees.
Sure to live. No agents. FREIGHT PAID.
W. B. STONE G CO. - Thomtsville, Ga.
WHAT?
Still talking polities? What would
you glv® to make some money out of
it? Well just send me two dollars
and I will send you aom® Wall street
secrets that will put you right op in
th® “inner drcle,” ELMORE SCOTT.
Box 104, Ossining, N. Y.
Deposit by Mail
It Is perfectly safe to remit os by
mail. Pass books will be sent you by
return mail.
FARMERS’ ACCOUNTS ESPECIAL
LY SOLICITED.
W© pay interest twice a year at rate
of 4 per cent,
THE AUGUSTA SAVINGS BANK
81U Bread St.
WM. «. YOUNe, President.
J. G. WEIGLIL G*isdM«r.
What It Means.
If you, a subscriber, got extra eopies,
it that Mr. Watson requests
you to hand tfe.es© extras t© your
nfltghbor® and
More Premiums
A HISTORY OF THE WORLD AND
ITS PEOPLES.
Send 6 new subscribers to either
Jeffersonian and get it.
If you are renewing, send 5 new
subscribers and get the book.
(2) On same terms you can get 8-
day clock, cathedral gong.
(3) Add one more subscriber to the
preceding offer and get a set of china
containing 47 pieces.
(4) If you want a diamond point
safety clip fountain pen, 14 karat gold,
which Mr. Watson personally guaran
tees to be all right, send two new sub
scribers to either Jeffersonian, or 1
subscriber to each Jeffersonian, with
full subscription for both ($2.50), and
get this beautiful and durable fountain
pen.
(5) Safety Razors are an absolute
success and a great luxury. Send
three subscribers, or two besides your
own and get one. Quit gashing up
that twisted mug of yours with that
aid scythe-blade.
(6) Flat Silver Set of 26 pieces!
Send 10 new subscribers, or 9 besides
your renewal and get this great pre
mium.
(7) Pressed Cut Glass Ware. A wa
iter jug and six tumblers. Send two
new subscribers and get the set; or
one new subscriber to the magazine
in addition to your renewal for either
the weekly or the monthly.
(8) Send 3 subscribers to either Jef
fersonian and get “The Farmers’ Tar
iff Manual,” by C. L. Poorman. This'
is a cloth-bound volume which tells
you all about governmental questions
and economic problems.
(9) Send 2 subscribers to either Jef
fersonian and get Dr. T. A. Bland’s
book, “Pioneers of Progress,” contain
ing sketches and anecdotes of Lincoln,
Grant. Peter Cooper, Henry George,
Ralph Waldo Emerson, and others.
This book sells for $1.25.
WATSON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
“If we (tne South) begin NOW by supporting HOME INSTITUTIONS
of merit it is nara to estimate the benefit that will accrue such a policy
in the next ten years.”—Richard H. Edmonds.
Übe Georgia Home
Insurance Co.
of Columbus, Ga., is a HOME INSTITUTION
pRGANinP 1859 NEARLY A HALF CENTURY OLP
Total Assets Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders Over One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization Over Five Million Dollars
Patronize the Georgia Home and Help IT to help YOU Develop
the Infinite Resources of Dixie Land.
AGENCIES THROUGHOUT THE SOUTH
wnw - - - ■ i Mlllll ,
Farmers’ Catechism
Do you want to know all about the Union of American Farmers?
Price, $1.25, but to you only 10 cents. Organization work made easy.
Hundreds of questions, and every phase of the work covered; besides,
two of the most powerful speeches ever delivered to American farmers, by-
Judge Fisk, national lecturer (to Kansas farmers, July 4), and C. A.
Windle, general lecturer and organizer. These speeches alone are worth
$lO to every farmer. They’re the cream of years of study, by two
great scholars and orators. They’re rich and juicy. Great thunder for
organizers and workers. Send silver dime and address of five sensible
farmers, plainly written, and you’ll get it, express or postage all paid.
Send NOW, but don’t send'name s of lunk-heads. Address:
FARMERS’ CATECHISM, Wicheta, Kans.
New Way to Give Medicine to Stock
IgLACKMANSMEMCATIJ)
Blackman’s Medicated Salt Brick I
r * i «r nnf/u/ com P° se< l of the purest dairy
BRICK salt » Sulphur, Salt Petre, Copper-
Ilsr n aS ’ Nux Vomica, as prescribed
H by a graduate of the American Vet
er in ary College of New York city;
for the ordlnar y disease® of th®
yty animals for which it is intended.
I WHAT IT DOES |
I SAVES VETERINARY BILLS Aids Digestion, Purifies th®
A " Blood, Removes Ticks and Worm®,
Cures Skin Disease, Kidney, Stomach and Bowel Trouble, Prevents Colic,
Blind Staggers, Heaves, Texas Fever, Lampers, Murrain and Cholenu
Creates a healthy appetite, tones up the system, removes old coat of hair
and brings out the new.
WHAT OTHERS SAY
As a horseman, a lover of horse £ ar. owier, and trainer, wbo ha®
used and sold quite a lot of your Medicated Sab- i>?’ck, I 'a-nnm. rec
ommend them too highly. They are the thing for stock in the spring,
[summer, fall, and all the time. jj, KING.
Detroit, Mich., August 14, 1906.
Ship five cases Medicated Salt Brick. Since your goods have be
come so well known, the demand increases daily, and it is almost impos
sible to keep them in stock. It seems that I will have to order in larger
quantities soon. Please rush this order, as my last shipment of five
cases is about exhausted. Sold one party two cases this morning.
Capell, Miss., May 14, 1907. H. M. CARRUTH,
My wife’s cow, of which she is very proud, was recently taken sick.
A friend suggested that I try your Medicated Salt Brick. I did so. The
cow has licked it away. The change is more than wonderful She la get
ting fat as of yore. Gives 3 1-2 to 4 gallons of milk daily.
Atlanta, Ga., May 16, 1907. FRANK WILBY.
Please ship ten cases Medicated Salt Brick at once. It gives us great
pleasure to say that the Medicated Salt Brick which we have been
buying ever since you began its m nufacture has given perfect satlsfac
tion, and we heartily recommend them.
Alcolu, S. C., July 26, 1907. D. W. ALDERMAN & SONS CO.
BLACKMAN STOCK REMEDY CO., Chattanooga, Tenn.
If Your Dealer Woat Supply You, Write U».
PAGE THIRTEEN