Splendid Letter on Foreign Missions
Dear Sir:—For some time my
Populist friends, who are familiar
with my views regarding “Foreign
Missions”, have urged me. to sub
scribe for the Jeffersonian Magazine,
which I did recently through the
kindness of Hon. James W. Biard
of my town. I received two copies,
of October and November date re
spectively, and am well pleased.
In the November issue there is a
letter from L. A. Odom, a Salvation
Army Captain, on “Foreign Mis
sions” which should be read and
duly considered by every Christian
patriot in America.
This most sensible and well-writ
ten article, emanating from the
source it does, should serve as an
eye-opener to all who are accus
tomed to giving money for “Foreign
Missions”.
I am unable to express in lan
guage my admiration for this Salva
tion Army Captain for this brave and
honorable expression of my own
convictions,
I ordered the pamphlet, “Foreign
Missions Exposed,” by Thomas E.
Watson, and have just finished read
ing it, and let me thank you, Mr.
Watson, for your brave and patriotic
zeal in exposing this “Foreign Mis
sionary Graft”, as I consider it to be
the. mother of all graft, making all
other grafts possible. The Church
is simply being used by the commer
cial greed of the nation in opening up
new marts of trade, and “The For
eign Missionary” is only the fore
runner of the commercial drummer.
Commercialism fawns on the minis
try, and offers them a sop in the
way of free notices in the press, and
reduced transportation on the rail
roads, and marriage fees, but what
do the poor of the Church get who
bear this burden?
Has the Church so far forgotten
her mission that she must usurp the
prerogatives of the State? and must
the burden of civilization in all the
world rest upon the weary backs
and tired hands of the religiously in
clined in the United States?
Among all the grand moguls of
the Church, be he preacher or monk,
who have, during the last half-cen
tury, manipulated the vast revenues
of the Church, not one has dared
raise his voice in solemn protest
against this useless and criminal ex
penditure of the people’s money, and
it has remained for the scholarly
and sagacious statesman, Thomas E.
Watson, who is known as “The Sage
of Thomson, Georgia”, to uncover
and expose to the public gaze this
gigantic farce termed “Foreign Mis
sions”. If you never deserved be
fore the title “Sage”, Mr. Watson,
you surely deserve it now, since the
publication of your pamphlet, “For
eign Missions Exposed.”
This pamphlet will serve as an en
tering wedge which must ultimately
result in the exposure and complete
destruction of this giant octopus,
whose poisonous tentacles are clutch
ing at and sapping the very lifeblood
of our nation, as well as of the
Church itself.
This “Foreign Missionary Graft”
xhas already become so “cankerous”
that seemingly its more conscien-
tious dupes are ashamed to make
public a true statement of affairs.
The alarming conditions, as set
forth by you, Mr. Watson, as appall
ing as they may appear, must furnish
only a faint conception of the condi
tions as they really exist; and this
partial exposure will only serve as a
urelude to what must subsequently
follow.
Let me assure you, Mr. Watson,
byway of encouragement, that the
sentiments expressed by you in your
pamphlet, “Foreign Missions Ex
posed,” finds an echo in the minds
and hearts of thousands and multi
plied thousands of Christian and pa
triotic citizens throughout this broad
land of ours.
Already an organization is form
ing for the very purpose of airing
this question, and to thereby gener
ate anew public sentiment in both
Church and national affairs.
All Church organizations of our
time are committed in practice, if
not in theory, to this “Foreign Mis
sionary” silliness, and therefore the
religious press is closed to any dis
cussion of this question, saVe from
their insane standpoint; hence it de
volves on the secular press to air
this infamous practice.
In their insane desire to Chris
tianize the negro and the heathen in
all the wide, wide world, they gen
erated a strong public sentiment
which resulted in making them citi
zens of our republic, and into their
beastly claws they have intrusted
the sacred franchise of our liberties;
and the only way to undo this wrong,
or to even palliate or condone this
crime, committed in the name of
Christianity against our civilization,
is to generate a new, and a more
correct and Biblical public senti
ment, which can only be. accom
plished by the promotion of “free
speech” and “free thought” and by
a liberal discussion of this and other
questions growing out of it.
“Truth crushed to earth will rise
again,” but never until the gag is
removed from her delicate mouth,
and the fetters that bind her to
earth are rent asunder by free and
liberal dealing with all questions.
I believe in the fundamental prin
ciples of Democracy, that “Govern
ment should be of, for, and by the
people”, but when the negro was
granted citizenship in my native
land, Democracy died; for since the
negro became a citizen the secular
press has been muzzled, at least on
that question, and “free thought”
and “free speech” have only rankled
in the breast of a disgusted and in
dignant citizenship, while Plutocracy
reigns.
A few books have been published,
shedding much light on the negro
and heathen question, but with a
strong Church sentiment against
them, which, in many instances, has
amounted to bigoted and frenzied
intolerance on the part of the cler
gy; and consequently, their circula
tion has been limited, and in many
cases these books have been sup
pressed and put out of print.
In every army there are conspicu
ous generals, who plan the order of
battle, and command its execution;
but of no less importance is the com-
Obe Jeffersonian
mon soldier who fights in the ranks;
hence these should be well drilled,
that they may perform well their
part, and it is for this purpose the
organization is forming, for God, in
His wisdom, will provide us leaders.
Go forward with the good work
which you have so faithfully and ef
fectively begun, General Watson.
Plan well your order of battle, for
I promise you that if you will put
your ear to the ground you may hear
the rumbling tramp, tramp of the
boys who are “Marching to Georgia”
to join your command, and to enter
upon the campaign against the ene
mies of our civilization, and to do
battle for God and their native land;
bearing aloft the spotless banners on
which is inscribed “White Suprem
acy”, “America for Americans”, “A
Purer Christianity”, and therefore a
more “Righteous Citizenship”, “Less
Slavery”, and “More Education” for
the “Little White Children” of our
land, and none for the negro, or any
“heathen” except what they them
selves may choose to pay for.
I’m sure I voice the sentiments of
thousands of our people, both male
and female, when I say, Tom Wat
son, you are right, continue to turn
on the light. Let us, while we are
at it, sift this “Foreign Missionary
Business” from the bottom, and if a
crime has been committed in the
name of Christianity, of which I
haven’t the least doubt, then let the
culprits be convicted, and held up to
public scorn.
You say you believe in “Foreign
Missions”, Mr. Watson, after the
home people are cared for? Now’,
with all due admiration and respect
for your talents and unselfish pa
triotism, and your love of truth and
justice, candor compels me to admit
that on this vital point you and I
differ, unless you mean to confine
missionary operations entirely to the
pure white stock, for I believe it is
sacrilegious to offer the Gospel of
the immaculate Christ to any hea
then, but to attempt to give you
my reasons here for so believing,
would make my letter entirely too
long, but I am sending you by mail,
in separate cover, a book, which, if
you will carefully read, you will get
some idea as to why I believe as
I do.
GEORGIA-ALABAMA BUSINESS COLLEGE
THE SOUTH’S LEADIXG COMMERCIAL EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION
Is indorsed by the leading business men of Georgia, and our graduates always
obtain good positions. As a matter of fact, we guarantee good positions to our
students. After a certain proficiency shall have been attained a position will
be secured; that’s a part of our contract with each student. It is not neces
sary to attain the highest possible efficiency to obtain a profitable position.
In shorthand work, the student who can write 140 words a minute and
typewrite same accurately at 35 tvords a minute can command a position pay
ing $75 per month; the student who can write 125 words a minute and type
write 30 words a minute can command SSO; the student who can write 100
words shorthand and typewrite 25 words can command S4O.
Remember, we guarantee to secure salaries for our students on the above
schedule within 30 days after graduation and we pay board and incidental ex
penses for the entire 30 days if a position is not secured earlier.
I would like to tell you the whole story, and if you will send me your name
and address or fill out the coupon below and send it to me, I will send you my
handsomely illustrated booklet, a reading of which will soon convince any one
that I have the best equipped and most popular Business College in the whole
South. I will also give you full directions as to how to proceed to take ad
vantage of my offer of free transportation to Macon. Write today. Postal will
answer as well as a letter. Address:
■awawMßM— in 11 him ihimfii liir laetaafcgaaMWWMMi
” COUPON.
EUGENE ANDERSON President Georgia-Alabama Business
College, Macon, Ga.
PRESIDENT Dear Sir:
Please send me your catalog and
GEORGIA-ALABAMA BUSINESS s>° u ™ wXon";
COLLEGE Jeffersonian.
Name
Macon, Georgia
Town
State
Sometime in the future I may
write you at length my views on this
question. Until then, believe me to
be your friend and coworker in this
righteous cause of God and Human
ity.
Respectfully and fraternally yours,
E. H. GOOD.
Paris, Texas.
“Clean and Worthy.’
Dear Sir: —Well, I just ask for a
little space in The Jeffersonian to
say in as brief way as I can how
highly I appreciate Mr. Watson’s
wise, bold and grand stand for re
forms along lines that the average
newspaper dodge for fear alone of
public opinion.
Mr. Watson hews to the line and
lets chips fall where they may.
He is proving of late more than
ever that he is uncompromisingly
opposed to fraud and giving to the
public a paper that is perfectly clean
and worthy in every way to go into
all homes from the highest to the
very lowest; and what a blessing it
is knowing how weak the average
man is at the head of the press.
I feel my weakness in trying to
give honor to this one great man to
whom I sincerely believe honor is
due for the great and fearless w r ork
lately of exposing many political, re
ligious and other frauds that have
hitherto escaped public notice.
I have been taking note of public
sentiment on Mr. Watson’s fight
against the different forms of high
way corruptions, and a good ma
jority seem to indorse his wise and
patriotic course in nearly all he has
said.
So in conclusion let us say long
live The Jeffersonian, a paper I
could not live without.
J. C. McBRAYER.
Buchanan, Ga., Jan. 4, 1910.
WELL COVERED, TOO.
Lawyer—You say you w'ere in a
covered carriage at the time of the
hold-up?
Witness —Yes, sir.
Lawyer—With what was your car
riage covered?
Witness—Two six-shooters in the
hands of the bandits. —St. Louis Star.
PAGE FIFTEEN