PAGE EIGHT
the JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editorj and Proprietors
T»mpl® Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Bnttnd a: Piitijftt, Atlanta, Ga., Jaanarj SI, IQO7, at ivtnd
dan mail mattir \
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, July 16, 1908
■■MißMMMMiianiiMaiiiaZMMßSMMiaSwMZMiiaMZiiiMMaZßaMaißaiMaiMaßaiMiiiiaiiMaaiaßaMM
Bryan 9 s Platform, and His Insult to
the South.
The Bryan platform of 1896 is the best
evidence of the political depravity which
produced the Bryan platform in 1908.
In the platform of 1896, Mr. Bryan
denounced the gold standard as the
enemy of the people, as the creator of
hard times, as the Anti-American policy
which British bankers had devised for
the purpose of bringing the financial
world into servitude to London.
Pledging himself, publicly and solemn
ly, to “unalterable opposition” to this un-
American, unconstitutional, and ruinous
gold monometallism, Mr. Bryan has
abandoned his strong and righteous po
sition on the money question with a
shamelessness almost unparalleled in po
litics.
The Constitution of the United States
has not been changed since Air. Bryan
truthfully stated, in his platform of 1896,
that it established bi-metallism and gave
gold no advantage over silver. The facts
of historv have not changed since Mr.
Bryan truthfully said, in his platform of
1896, that “the first coinage law ever
passed by Congress made the silver dol
lar the monetary unit of this country.”
Catering to the financiers, and seeking
to disarm the hostility of the National
bankers, paying court favor to the rich
and the great, Mr. Bryan has become a
deserter from the cause of the unprivi
leged masses, into whose championship
he rushed in 1896 with a boldness which
captured applause and a fervor of lip
which seemed to flow from the heart.
Quoting without credit the words of
another, he sprung into fame on a phrase,
and was followed with passionate zeal by
the millions who did not want to be cru
cified upon “a cross of gold.”
In 1908, Mr. Bryan is better informed
than ever of the wickedness of the “mon
ometallism which has locked fast the pros
perity of an industrial people in the pa
ralysis of hard times.” The panic of
1907 is still with us; the terrific crash of
last fall still draws* after it the dismal trail
of lamentable aftermath, — but Bryan has
changed.
The constitution of our country is still
the same that it was when Bryan thrilling-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ly promised the people immunity from
“a crown of thorns”; the money system
which he denounced is just the same in
fernal thing that it was in 1896; its vic
tims, the financially dead and the finan
cially wounded, still litter the fields over
which swept the desolating Panic of last
year, —but Bryan has changed. No longer
the enthusiastic tribune of the people, he
is a truckler to power, a recreant from
pledge and promise, a calculating, selfish
ly ambitious politician who would be
tray any friend and apostatize from any
principle to win the prize.
In 1896, his platform declared against
National banks, stated the constitutional
truth the Congress alone has power to
coin and issue money, quoted the his
torical fact that Andrew Jackson had de
nied the right of Congress to delegate this
power, and denounced “the issuance of
notes intended to circulate as money by
National banks as in derogation of the
Constitution.”
The historical facts about Andrew
Jackson have not changed; the ante-bel
lum record of the Democratic party as
the fierce, uncompromising foe of the Na
tional banking system has not changed;
the truth, as stated by Jefferson, that
“the National banking system is of dead
ly hostilitv to Republican institutions,"
has not changed.
It is in Bryan that the change has
taken place. It is in Bryan that there
has been a falling away. It is in Bryan
that we find the unclean spirit. Instead
of standing to his colors like a man, put
ting devotion to Duty above every other
earthly consideration, thereby winning a
place in the loving admiration of the
people more splendid than the highest of
fice, he has taken the broad and well
trod path of political prostitution.
The Bryan who now offers props to the
National banking system; the Bryan who
now favors an asset currency; the Bryan
who now sanctions an emergency cur
rency ; the Bryan who now wants the
government to lend money to the Nation
al banks; the Bryan who now utters no
word against the system which was ab
horred and loathed by Jefferson, and
Jackson, and Benton, IS NOT A DEMO
CRAT AT ALL. He has no right
to pollute the word by associating it
with the shameful financial propositions
contained in this Denver platform.
Wrong-headed as Alexander Hamilton
was, in his theory that the government
should be based upon favors to capital,
wrong as he was in his idea of a part
nership between the Government and the
banks, Hamilton himself would have
looked upon Bryan’s bid for capitalistic
support with disgust, with* indignation
and profound alarm.
It is simply monstrous that W. J.-
Bryan’s burning ambition for office
should drag the historic party of Jeffer
son and Jackson into the mire of such po
litical shame. Fluctuating currency,,
loans to banks, currency which monetizes
the property of the millionaires, honest
and prudent bankers punished for the
crimes of the dishonest and the impru
dent, unchallenged exploitation by the
national banks of the sovereign function
of supplying the country with currency,—
these are the things which the Bryan of
1908, either favors or fears to combat.
Was Bryan a Democrat in 1896? IF
SO, HE IS NOT A DEMOCRAT NOW.
Was the platform of 1896 the creed of
Democracy? If so, the platform of 1908
is not.
They can not be reconciled.
This hotchpotch of a platform, thrown
together aft-fully with the purpose of
propitiating Capital at the same time
that it makes an open bid for the vote of
labor, is worthy of the candidate who, in
his eagerness to win the negroes, has in
sulted the South.
President Roosevelt did the brave and
proper thing in the matter of those negro
troops who shot up the Southern town of
Brownsville. The whole South glows
with approval of Mr. Roosevelt’s courag
eous action. It ardently admires the un
flinching manhood with which he has
stood his ground against Foraker and
the negro agitators.
Every Southern Senator, with one ex
ception, voted his endorsement of the
President’s course. Every Southern au
dience which has been tested on the sub
ject, has leaped to its feet to wildly cheer
Mr. Roosevelt.
And now, Mr. Bryan, who never had
the manhood to open his lips about
Brownsville at the time when the whole
country rang with it, sees an opportunity
to play politics with it, and he grovels in
the dust to do it.
He tells the negro delegation that he
condemns the President’s course. He
makes his bid, and gets what he sought, —
the promise of the negro vote in the
doubtful states of the North and West.
But, for once, the cunning of Mr.
Bryan has led him too far. When he told
the negro delegation that he condemned
President Roosevelt’s dismissal of these
riotous and murderous brutes who had
disgraced the uniforms they wore,
AND WHO HAD SPLASHED THE
STREETS OF A SOUTHERN TOWN
WITH SOUTHERN BLOOD, he made
a fatal play in his unscrupulous game.
He should have remembered the ugly
trait of character he exposed when he
said, in 1891, that he could not vote for a
Confederate soldier.
He should have known that his going
over to the side of Foraker, the notorious
South-hater, in that Brownsville matter,
would revive the recollection that he,
Bryan —a native of Illinois —had refused
to cast his vote for Crisp for speaker of
the House of Representatives, when all
opposition to him and the Democratic
side had melted away. “CAN’T AF
FORD TO VOTE FOR AN EX-CON
FEDERATE SOLDIER” declared the
calculating Mr. Bryan. He did not dream
that the time would ever come when his
very life, politically, would depend upon