PAGE TWO
♦
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
SUFFERING BUT NO RELIEF.
Our country can spend millions of
dollars to support armies and navies,
but two million or more men out of
employment in this country must be
fed on public charity or starve and
the government seems disinclined to
provide any public work for them to
do. It is tall right to help earthquake
sufferers in foreign countries by hand
some donations from our public treas
ury, but home folks are allowed to
suffer and starve because they cannot
find work to enable them to make a
living. The government had better
engage in public road building in or
der to give these people employment
rather than have them starve. A no
ted lecturer of New York city re
cently stated that there are today
four hundred thousand men in that
city out of employment who have to
stand in the bread line in order to be
fed by public charity.
Suppose these men were provided
with public work of some kind would
not their earnings contribute materi
ally in improving business conditions'?
The money they would receive would
immediately flow into the channels
of business and trade thus giving a
stimulating effect.
The following dispatch from New
York gives an account of the horrible
death of an old man on account of in
sufficient food to sustain him:
“A white-haired old man died of
starvation yesterday in a tailor-shop
in Orchard street. Only a few min
utes before he had been found sitting
on a bench in a park by the foreman
of the shop. ‘Are you a tailor*?’ ask
ed the foreman. ‘Yes,’ replied the old
man feebly. The foreman then vol
unteered to give him work and to
gether they trudged to the tailor-shop.
The old man started to work on a
garment, but hardly had his fingers
grasped the needle when he fell over
dead. There were no papers on the
old man that would lead to his iden
tification, except a letter written in
Yiddish.”
Is it not deplorable that such a
thing as this should have occurred in
wealthy New York and in a land that
boasts of so much wealth and pros
perity*? —Lincoln Courier.
THE TENNESSEE COAL MERGER.
The sub-committee of the judiciary
committee to which was referred the
merger of the Tennessee Coal and Iron
Company with the United States Steel
Corporation, reported to the full com
mittee that the President was not au
thorized to permit the deal. It also
reported that the President was not
authorized to prevent the interference
of the Attorney General to enforce the
Federal statutes against it; that the
merger was in violation of the Sher
man anti-trust law; and that the ef
fect and purpose of the merger was
to destroy competition and monopo
lize the iron ore supply of the country.
What will the committee do with
the sub-committee’s report*? And
what will Congress do with the case
in general*? We shall wait and see.
In the meantime we shall compare (or
rather contrast) the crime (*?) of Sen
ator Tillman’s effort to buy a few
acres of government land, with Roose
velt’s apparent violation of his offi-
cial duties in the light of his reputa
tion as a “trust buster.”
Will the judiciary committee dare
to adopt the findings of its sub-com
mittee*? If it does, it will be up to
Vie House to institute impeachment
proceedings.
Later: On Feb. 26 the House killed
an amendment to the sundry civil bill
appropriating $50,000 to prosecute the
merger case by a vote of 113 to 83;
and on March 1 the judiciary commit
tee voted to report a disagreement on
the resolution providing for an inves
tigation of the merger case.
Verily this seems to be ( a govern
ment of, »by and for the trusts. —
Woodsfield, Ohio, Sentinel.
THE STANDARD OIL CASE.
The latest decision in the famous
suit of the Federal government
against the Standard Oil Company of
Indiana illustrates in a marked de
gree the uncertainty of the law. In
the first trial of the case the jury
§
1 The Street Music of Life
A. H. ELLLTT W
W We mountain and compass the plain, ©
tS And miss the sweet music of life; gj
(□) Through imminent perils and infinite pains CU)
(gj We strive for the goal of life’s pitiful gains, Tffl
And miss the sweet music of life. rjq
We pander to pleasure and listen to lust, (x?
M And miss the sweet music of life;
We build with our being some temple of dust (O)
(n? And spread there a banquet for ruin and rust,
(gq And miss the sweet music of life.
rti How strange! that a soul with an infinite sweep
Would miss the sweet music of life!
fIA Would sinfully sow that which sorrow shall reap —
(jSj Would labor and suffer and slumber and sleep, (C
n/ And miss the sweet music of life! (3?
B
found the defendants guilty and
Judge K. M. Landis, who presided,
imposed the sensational fine of $29,-
240,000. The case was remanded by
the United States Court of Appeals
and on its second trial before Judge
A. B. Anderson the jury was instruct
ed to find a verdict of not guilty.
These extremes necessarily bewilder
the public, not schooled in the niceties
of legal distinctions and the points
on which the case was in either in
stance decided.
The company was charged with ac
cepting rebates from the Chicago &
Alton Railroad, which, if true, was a
clear violation of the Federal stat
utes. The enormous fine imposed by
Judge Landis came of his construc
tion of the law by which he imposed
the limit of the statutory fine for ev
ery car load of oil on which the re
bates were alleged to have been grant
ed. Early in the proceedings of the
trial just ended Judge Anderson’s
rulings indicated that his construc
tion of the statute, would make the
fine apply only to each lot of oil ship
ped by the company on which rebates
were accepted, and this would have
reached about $720,000, a consider
able sum, but of small consequence
Bfye Jeffersonian
compared with that imposed by Judge
Landis. Later rulings by Judge An
derson made the District Attorney de
spair of conviction. He suggested a
dismissal of the case, and the instruc
tion to bring in a verdict of not
guilty followed.
The decision will not have a whole
some effect on the public mind. It
produces the pessimistic impression
that it is impossible to bring a very
rich corporation to justice. The
prophecy was freely made from the
start that the fine imposed by Judge
Landis would never be collected. This
prediction was no doubt upon the
part of many based more on the be
lief that the rich corporation would
find means to escape punishment than
because of the enormous amount of
the fine.
The great difference in the two de
cisions appears to have come of evi
dence which Judge Landis admitted
and Judge Anderson excluded. This
evidence was the Illinois classification
by which it was sought to prove the
existence of a legal rate of 18 cents.
This was vital to the point of the
government’s contention and the
prosecution failed when it was ex
cluded. The failure to convict seems
therefore in some measure to have
turned on a technicality such as it is
always easy for experienced lawyers
to discover.
—rnonr-inrr"mr nmirrTnßmwmrmnnimiirriiiTiiiiii ■rum iihmimim ■■■iiiMMUßMMmiuL_L_»
TO ALL OUR AGENTS
To the agent who sends us the largest number of subscriptions
to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
between Feb. 18 and April 1, 1909, we will give
TEN DOLLARS IN CASH
To the agent who sends us the second largest number of sub
scriptions, as above, we will give
FIVE DOLLARS IN CASH
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows:
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian 10 points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards ...... 5
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian 5 »»
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards .. 4 ”
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian 2% ”
Three months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2 »»
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in for this prize competition. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS. Thomson, Ga.
The first decision was beyond doubt
to a degree spectacular. The Judge
appeared to be influenced by the vin
dictiveness which is popularly mani
fested towards the Standard Oil Com
pany. But for this feature it might
have stood the test of the higher
court. But the greater part of the
public will continue to believe that
the rebates were actually accepted
and there will be little patience with
the fine point of law that prevented a
decision of the case on its exact mer
its. —(Nashville Banner.
YOU PAY.
Last night, at the Harvard Union,
Congressman McCall said: “The
country has been passing through a
wild orgy of extravagance in which
much has been consumed in fireworks
and fustian, and great burdens of ex
pense have been unnecessarily fas
tened on the country. Now, as a re
sult, we are to have taxation such as
the country has usually known only
as a result of war, and the people
will have an opportunity to pay the
bills.” This is graphic. It does not
leave much room for argument.
Spending other people’s money is a
pastime which almost every one en
joys, when there is a chance to in
dulge in it. A great many voters
seem to think that the national ap
propriation bills are paid by the oth
er fellow. This would be kind of him
if he were really so indulgent. Con
gressman McCall would have the peo
ple remember that it is not the other
fellow who pays, but themselves. Old
as the truth is, it is as true as ever. — -
Boston Herald.
IF YOU BELIEVE
That Watson’s Jeffersonians are
doing good, send us some trial sub
scribers. We need your help. Drop
us a card, and we will let you have
our very lowest rates for clubs.
AMONG THE AMATEURS.
‘ We ain’t a-goin’ to let you play
agin us.”
“Why not*?”
“Yer a professional.”
“How do you make that out?”
“Didn’t you get half a apple for
playin’ centre on Mick Baker’s team
las’ weekU’—Denver Post.