CREAMED ONIONS.
■Peel a quart of medium sized white
onions, cover with boiling water, add
ing a teaspoonful of salt for each
quart of water.
Boil rapidly ten minutes with
cover partly off, then drain and cover
again with fresh boiling water. Cook
until tender but not broken, drain and
add milk to cover (it will take about
half a cup for every six onions). Sim
mer until quite done, then thicken
with a ta’blespoonful butter rubbed
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine-useful in all condi-
♦ tions arising from a deranged liver-indigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
*
i'be Doctor Durfiam* for <»»«ratiov« (he le«4Wir phyniHaiw of
Georgia tn cbe r,a»t of vegetable medicinal preparation* i'bte remedy la. (here
fore, the reault of the contlnnou* aed heat atndy of three generatlona of the «ame
family.
Its action I* thorough, hut without gripes, pains, tickriexa, or weakness, and la
wholly free from those objections so common to many «f tus simply laxative
remedies acting not snly sa a laxative, bat actually apoa the liver. A trial will
thoroughly eonvinre one of ite oSciency In all liver troubles
Here la what the Hon. Then. B. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy :
•’Thomson, Georgia, March 4. 1908.
This la to certify that 1 was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cored by Dr. Durham s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package In tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 80. 1808.
THE GREATEST BARGAIN EVER
We are going to send 5,000 of these embroidery outfits to th* first 5,000 persons
asking for them merely at cost of handling. They contain 6 Linen Dollies, with
silk to complete: 1 Linen Collar and Cuff Set; 6 packages special Embroidery
Needles. All first quality. We will send Farm News, the biggest little paper In tn*
world for the farm home, on trial four months for 8 cents. Send 7 cents forth*
doilies and 8 cents for a trial subscription, 15 cents In all. Either offer separately
If desired. Address FARM NEWS, 248 Washington St., Spring?eld, O.
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
. Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes—the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys (and I believe there are some
girls named “Tommie”) —who get the largest number of subscriptions
to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE between now and July 4, 1909,
I will give a handsome .
r GOLD WATCH AND CHAIN,
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold ring for
the girls.
Third prize: Your choice of “Napoleon”, “Jefferson”, “Bethany”,
“Life and Speeches” or “Waterloo”.
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS. Thomson. Ga.
smooth with a tablespoonful flour.
Add salt and pepper to taste, cook,
stirring all the time until the sauce
is creamy and thickened, then pour in
to a hot dish to serve. A change may
be made by turning the onions, sauce
and all into a serving dish that can go
into the oven, covering with buttered
cracker crumbs, then baking until
brown. Still another variation is to
cover the top of the cracker crumbs
with grated cheese. Onions cooked in
this way will be found very delicate
and not odorous. —-New York Tribune.
Tsl)e 3effersonlan
Great Clubbing and Premium Offer!
Read this Offer very Carefully
Because of a special favorable arrangement we are able to offer our
readers this remarkable offer:
Weekly Jeffersonian One Year a n p
Up-to-Date Farming One Year z\ll rOf
Fifty autifu’, Entertaining i
and Instructive Post Cards 1
Membership in the Up-to-Date Jn Ji
Post Card Exchange J
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming famous,
because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profitably. Our read
ers can well afford to subscribe for it as with the two papers they will get a
BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and marketing.
The post cards are known as a “TRIP AROUND THE WORLD.” There
are fifty of them, all beautifully printed in colors and contain the most in
teresting, domestic and foreign views. To give an idea of this valuable set
we will imagine we are going to take a trip around the world in souvenir
post cards, and below are named the places we will visit and what we will
see:
Joi ] Wi
1 Ms?rr’-Ni o 1
~ -MfchJ-r -- I
J st 1
a m IT
Where We Go What We See Where We Go What We See
1. Chicago, Lincoln Park. 26. Paris, Notre Dame Cathe-
2. Chicago, Stock Yards. . . „. dral -
3. Indianapolis, State Capital. g; EdlnboroSgb"''
4. St. Louis, Reservoir Park. 29. Denmark, Copenhagen.
5. Colorado, Royal Gorge. 30 - Norway, Christiania.
6. Yellowstone Pk„ Hot Springs. g; CaTtKHhe ItUlne.
7. Los Angeles, Palmetto Avenue. 33. Germany, Cologne Cathedral.
8. California, Famous Big Tree. 34. Switzerland, Falls of the Rhine.
9. Manitoba, Harvest Scenes. 35. France, U,1 °’ Geueral
10. Quebec, Winter Scenes. 36 Frauce Monte Carlo, The Ca
ll. New York, Niagara Falls. 00 - siuo
12. Buffalo, Lafayette Square. 37. Egypt, Boats on the Nile.
13. Buffalo, Home y Historical bo- Egypt , 1111 ' 16 at Ab “
14. New York City, Wall Street. Calcutta’ Eden Gar-
15. Brooklyn, Brooklyn Bridge. India, deu
16. New York City, Central Park. 40. China, Harbor of Hong Kong
17. Brooklyn, Sheepshead Bay Ra- China, Shanghai, Nankin
_, ces - Road.
18. Havana, Moro Castle. 42. China, General View, Can-
19. Panama, Colon. ton.
20. Panama, Panama Canal. 43. China, Pekin.
91 q n „ ln Bull Fight at Valen- 44. Manchuria, Mukden.
opa,u ’ cia. 45. Manchuria, Llaoyang, Battlefield
22 Portucal General View of Lis- 36. Japan, Tokio, Street Scene.
’ bon. 47. Japan, Tokio, Tea House.
23. Portugal, Fountain of Leiria. 48. Japan, Kyota, Tea House.
24. France, Palace of Versailles. 49. Philippine Isis., Manila..
25. Paris, Arch of Triumph. 50. Philippine Isis., Cebu.
Don't you want this great set of cards? It will be the gem of your col
lection, or you may have great satisfaction in using them in correspondence
with your friends.
The Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is the only one of its kind in the
country. It has many thousand members all over the United States and in
some foreign countries. Get your address on this exchange and you will re
ceive postal caqis from many fine people, and by sending to them many
agreeable correspondents may be secured. If you are a member of the ex
change It will give you the opportunity to employ many otherwise idle mo
ments pleasantly, and, perhaps, profitably.
Fill out and mail the coupon promptly, better do it today. Everything
will be sent at once.
7 Cut off here
Publisher of Weekly Jeffersonian:
Please send Weekly Jeffersonian and Up-to-Date Farming one year and
stop the papers then if not renewed, also fifty Trip Around the World Post
Cards, and put my address in the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange, as per
your offer.
I enclose.for the same.
Name
R. RP. 0... r
County State
PAGE THIRTEEN