PAGE FOURTEEN
Cannonism and Six So-Called
Democrats
It is an open secret, undisputed by
the Republicans themselves, that the
Democrats could have defeated Can
non and estopped the brutal Repub
lican majority in its imperious career
of tariff fixing and trust feeding.
Mr. Cannon confesses his obliga
tion to the treachery of the So-Called
on two occasions when he asserts
that the Republican majority would
have become a nullity on account of
the insurgent Republicans, and the
grand old party could not have made
good its campaign promises had it
not been for the cordial affiliation of
Democrats in the House. This is a
grave charge, and should be dealt
with seriously by all Southern Demo
crats. X
And indeed it is a serious ac
cusation against all those who did
so base a thing as to desert the party
and treat with contempt the man
dates of a long suffering and sover
eign constituency. I make bold to
charge that the head of this coalition
of traitors is none other than the
much self - lauded Representative
from the eleventh district of Georgia
—our own Representative. And I
am persuaded from the lights before
me that he inveigled other Repre
sentatives from Georgia into doing
the same unblushing, outrageous act.
And earlier than he anticipated he
is receiving his pay for the job from
Boss Cannon, —elevated to the chair
manship of the ways and means com
mittee, as a part of the price paid for
treachery. And now eight newspa
pers in the 11th district, the political
policy of which papers the said man
is said to dictate by reason of finan
cial backing, have shouted their ap
proval of this righteous appointment
made by Cannon, shouted themselves
into a near case of Republican jim
jams and grown exceedingly hoarse
from much shouting. Had these So-
Called been faithful to the trust be
stowed on them by their constituents
and had the minority stood solidly
with the Republican insurgents, the
Republican majority in the House
would have been annihilated. Then
the pledges of the National Republi
can Convention and the promises of
Mr. Taft would have become as bar
ren as if a Democratic majority con
trolled the House. By the help of
Democratic deserters Cannon has
been fortified in a position from
which he can send forth any measure
that suits him. These same desert
ers have said by their treachery that
they desire Congress to cease to be a
deliberative body; that they desire
Speaker Cannon to be an autocrat
more powerful than Reed ever was
with a well drilled majority at his
back.
Think of it! —our own much-laud
ed Representative of the 11th dis-
- «ft
Wanted At Once-A Man
TO Make SIOO Per Month Above Expenses
innn mfn ake now makin ° big money with
IUUU lnK.lv our Medicines, Extracts, Spices, Soaps,
Perfumes, Toilet Articles, Stock and Poultry Preparations,
Polishes, etc. Wo are one of the largest importers and
manufacturers in the U. S. Our capital and surplus is
One Million Dollars. We make over 60 products, all guar
anteed. Our factories have over 3 acres of floor space.
Mlir* MAUI WANT one ,nan ’ n each unoccupied
wvt HUn WAHI locality to take full charge of
all deliveries to farmers and others from a wagon similar
to the above; in short, a man able to take full charge of
everything pertaining to our business in his district. Not
every man can fill this position nor can we afford to con
tract with one who is too extravagant or too old or too
young. We want to hear from men who have been fairly
successful—honest, industrious men who will be satisfied
to make not less than
SIOO Per Month Clear Profit
above expenses the first year, SIBOO the second year, and
$2400 the third year.
If you are fairly well acquainted in your locality and
you think you can fill the position, lose no time in writing
us for full particulars as we are now rapidly filling all
vacant territory. We do not wantto hear from men under
21 or over 50 years of age, colored people, or women. To
got this position a man must be able to furnish 1 or 2
horses to conduct the business, also good business men as
references. If you cannot meet these requirements do not
write; if you can meet them, write us; you are the man we
are looking for. The position pays big is honorable and
permanent.
W. T. R AWLEIGH CO. 73 Llb>rty St. Frwport, 111.
trict of Georgia, aiding Cannon to
play the tyrant to his heart’s content.
But perhaps this is not the first time
our Representative has jumped into
the Republican pen and played Re
publican.
We well remember the Na
tional Democratic Convention of
1896 pledged , against rechartering
the National Banking System, but in
1901 we find our So-Called Repre
sentative voting to license them to do
business at the same old stand with
enlarged powers for gathering inter
est, and thus again we find him al
ligned with the Republicans against
the party to which he owed alle
giance.
May we not inquire what the coali
tion of the six Georgia So-Called
spells, see where the index finger
points? By their help tariff burdens
have been placed upon the great com
mon people of the South and West
by an increase in some cases of from
50 to 300 per cent. The stupendous
outrage of it all is, this same set has
the brass to provide a commission to
inquire into the increased cost of the
necessaries of life, and why the ac
tual expense of living is a hundred
per cent, higher now than two years
ago. Monumental hypocrisy, for was
it not their affiliation with Cannon’s
satellites that made the tariff legisla
tion possible? And now their air of
injured innocence is little less than
mockery of oppressed, robbed, out
raged, deceived constituents. It has
been said that you can fool some of
the people always, some of them a
little while, and some you can never
fool at all. Who was and who is
this Representative from the 11th
district of Georgia, and how did he
ever break into Congress? Some six
weeks before his nomination he made
two flaming speeches in advocacy of
the gold standard. In making these
speeches he was only trying to be
the shadow, or a faint reprint, of the
great H. G. Turner, who was a states
man, had the courage of his convic
tions, not a time-serving deceiver of
the people, and who refused the
nomination at the hands of the free
silver Democracy. At this juncture
our present Representative appeared
on the ground, proclaimed his advo
cacy of free and unlimited coinage of
silver, posed a time or two for his
photo as the first, last, and only un
stultified friend of the farmer. In
fact his gold standard feast of a few
weeks previous had made him greedy
for all the pet measures of the farm
ers, and he swallowed the whole pot.
Now in Congress fourteen years, and
has he done anything for the farmer?
Yes; he has sent them a few pumpkin
seed, and occasionally a flaming
speech said to have been made by
him when the House was in the com
mittee of the whole (or when he was
in a hole himself). It is said that he
has secured appropriations for Bruns
wick and other Southern harbors and
some government buildings. If any
one thinks he got these appropria
tions let him show his faith by stand
ing on his head. The general appro
priation bill is passed at every Con
gress, and the harbors and navigable
streams usually get their proper
share and necessities. The records
show that on some occasions when
the appropriations were passed our
Representative was not present and
did not vote. The postoffice build
ings are regulated by statutes in
force long before our wise Repre
sentative was ever a member of Con
gress. The Postmaster-General has
the job of fixing these buildings and
not our Congressman. Our Congress
man has secured a few little jobs for
editors of country newspapers in his
particular district. You can bet he
has never troubled himself much
about the boys in the rural districts,
or at the forks of the creek. The
shouting of the boys is not so telling
as the editors before the election,
when whitewashing is in order. Hav
ing cleverly managed to subsidize
about eighty pe cent, of the press of
the 11th district, this clamorous ar-
33b* Jeffersonian
ray of record-making editors have
failed to make much of a record for
our REPRESENTATIVE, save what
shows on the pay-roll of the House
of Representatives. His alert, expec
tant constituents can point to little
he has accomplished except the dis
charging of a few DETONATIONS
on some special privilege, or defunct
question. To his constiuency his rec
ord is a dubious book, VEILED in
vagueness, save when supporting Re
publican measures. Since he is, like
Poor Tray, often caught in bad com
pany, his truth-seeking constituents
would like to know if he has ever
voted with the trusts, or combines?
Has he ever voted with the stalwart
Republicans? Some of his editorial
admirers seem to glory with him in
the culmination of his greatest
shame —the betrayal of his party,
and the support of Cannon with his
diabolical measures for the oppres
sion of the common people. Who
can tell but Mr. Taft had him in
mind when he declared he would
BUILD an invincible Republican
party in the heart of the Solid
South. Our six So-Called Democrats
would furnish genuine material for
Taft’s party. What a party it would
be —Brantley at the head and Lon at
the tail! J. T. ROAN.
Quitman, Ga.
When Macaulay Spoke
What can be the matter? Doors
open, members rush out; members
are tearing past you from all points,
in one direction —toward the house.
Then wigs and gowns appear; they
tell you with happy faces their com
mittees have adjourned; and then
come a third class, the gentlemen of
the press, hilarious. Why, what’s
the matter? Matter! Macaulay is
up. You join the runners in a mo
ment. It was an announcement one
hadn’t heard for years; and the pass
ing of the word “Macaulay’s up”
emptied committee rooms now as be
fore it emptied clubs. The old voice,
the old manners, and the old style
—glorious speaking. Well prepar
ed, carefully elaborated, confessedly
essayish, but spoken with perfect art
and consummate management, the
grand conversation of a man of the
world confiding his learning and his
recollections and his logic to a party
of gentlemen, and just raising his
voice enough to be heard through
the room.
As the house filled he got prouder
and more oratorical; and then he
poured out his speech with rapidity,
increasing after every sentence, till
it became a torrent of the richest
words, carrying his hearers with him
into enthusiasm and yet not leaving
them time to cheer. The great orator
was trembling when he sat down,
the excitement of a triumph over-
“Tom Watson Tobacco"
As Good as the Name . . •
The Best Tobacco Ever Made
Send name and addfess to
F. R. PENN TOBACCO CO., Reidsville, N. C.
For Large Sample FREE
[foreign missions exposed]
■ By Thos. E. Watson |
I A handsome book of one hundred pages. Price, I
I 25 cents. Premium for one new subscription to I
I Watson's Magazine or The Jeffersonian at SI.OO I
I THE JEFFERSONIANS THOMSON, GEORGIA I
come him, and he had scarcely the
self-possession to acknowledge the
eager praises which were offered by
the ministers and others in his
neighborhood.—From Witty’s “Par
liamentary Retrospect.”
WATSON 72 lbs.
Tom Watson is the name of a won
derful Melon introduced by me at
Thomson, Ga., eight years ago. It
combines all the good qualities of the
best varieties. Large, sweet, splen
did flavor, best shipper, quick seller.
Get seed direct from the grower,
% lb. 40c; y 2 lb. 75c; 1 lb. sl-25;
5 lbs. $6.00. Prepaid to any address.
Win. A. WATSON
Thomson, - Georgia
FRUIT TREES
NUT TREES
BERRY PLANTS
Write for FREE catalogue.
We will save you money.
ROOD PECAN CROVES, Albany, Ca.
/f You Are
Anti-Catholic
Subscribe Now to
The American Whip
50 Cents a Year
LANCASTER, PA.