PAGE TEN
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE
SLEEPLESS WITHOUT IT.
Winchall, Texas, Dec., 1907.
Dear Sir: As the first year of the best
magazine on earth has expired, I am coming
with a money order for $1.50 for the year
1908. I am nearly 80 and I cannot sleep
soundly without it.
Well, Tom (a little familiar, you say), as
the national bankers’ picnic is on us I am
sitting here this bleak, cold December even
ing watching the performance. I see the
ring-master (Teddy) with his “big stick,”
stirring up the animals (the bankers) and try
ing to keep “the best banking system on
earth” in decent shape, but, thus far, he has
made a successful failure, as all men and gov
ernments will do under the English, Hamil
tonian money system, but they got the bonds
all the same. Old friend, as you are person
ally acquainted with “Teddy,” please whis
per in his ear that there is away, and the on
ly way, out of all these panics and financial
troubles and that is for him and his congress
to enact into laws, without delay, the ideas
so plainly and forcibly expressed in the Pop
ulist platform. Greater men than Teddy have
tried it and it worked successfully. Bank
panics, special privileges and multi-million
aires would bo things of the past, and “peace
on earth and good will to man” would pre
vail throughout the land. All “the people”
are in a state of unrest since this uncalled for,
unjust, cruel panic has been thrust upon them.
May the good Lord inspire you to lead them
out of their troubles to the better way.
I see that some fellow is threatening to put
the innocent little railroads under “govern
ment control,” unless they stop being so gay
and be good a while. Then what? Will that
help us any? No siree! Government owner
ship is the medicine they need.
J. W. WHITE.
SAYS HE MAY COME AGAIN.
Asbo, Miss., Nov. 11, 1907.
Sir: If you will allow me space in your
valuable paper, I will write a few lines as re
gards the panic. You hit it very well on
Rockefeller and his five schemers. I wish to
say there are some other causes for panic, for
the Legislature of Louisiana donated $25,000
of the people’s money or took it out of the
treasury and gave it to the president, Mr.
Roosevelt, to hunt the bear on. We did not
know they could jlo that, but they did. I
think it was last year, 1906, the Board of
Police in Franklinton, La., took SSO of the
parish money and donated it to the picnic in
Franklinton, La., on the 4th July, 1906. But
what can be done in the case? I see the
newspapers are full of talk as regards the
actions of the officers of this great republic,
but it all goes on the same. But, as Paul
said to the jailor, they need not do themselves
any hurt for we are all here. I certainly do
look forward to every issue of your Wat
son’s weekly. It lays everything bare for the
people to look at. If I see this in print, 1
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
may come again. Hoping success to the week
ly, I am,
JOHN R. CHAIN.
OLD POPS, READ THIS.
Out in Texas, in the town of Abilene, is a
true-hearted, industrious reformer, who is do
ing his level best to stimulate independent
thought and action, and to revive the interest
which tens of thousands of good citizens once
felt in Jeffersonian democracy. He has been
doing this work at his own expense. Being a
poor man, this is an imposition which we
ought not to allow. We owe it to ourselves to
help the man who is trying to help us.
The Jeffersonian strongly urges upon every
citizen who feels that in the campaign of 190 S
every legitimate effort should be made to
bring out a full, independent vote, to send
Mr. H. L. Bentley, Abilene, Texas, a contri
bution to help him on in circulating literature,
conducting a national correspondence, and or
ganizing Jeffersonian clubs. If you can send
sl, send it —send it now. If you can spare
$5, send that. Thousands of you can send
$lO and never miss it. Do it, and reap the
reward of that good feeling which follows the
performance of a good deed. If you can send
no more than 25 cents, send that amount.
The Jeffersonian can vouch for Mr. H. L.
Bentley, ami for the fact that that money will
be honestly applied to the purpose herein in
dicated.
TO THE POPULISTS OF TEXAS.
By authority vested in me as state chair
man of the People’s Party of Texas, I here
by call the state committee to meet at the
Richelieu Hotel, in Fort Worth, Texas, at
10 a. m., on February 8, 1908, to arrange to
have Texas fully represented in the Populist
National Convention, which is called to meet
in St. Louis, Mo., April 2, 1908. Other states
are moving, and organizing, and Texas must
get on the firing line with her banner flying
and get back into the front rank again. Fel
low workers all over Texas, write me that you
will meet us on the Sth proximo., and be
ready to enter heart and soul into the work
of reorganizing our forces. Let us send a
full delegation to St. Louis, and stand to our
principles like men, and generations yet un
born will call us blessed.
Fraternally,
J. M. MALLETT,
Chairman P. P. State Committee.
OLD MCDUFFIE BOYS.
Eden, Fla., Dec. 9, 1907.
Dear Mr. Watson: Every man that I
have been able to see, who received specimen
copies of your paper, has given me his sub
scription. Getting subscribers is as easy as
falling off a log, after they find out what kind
of reading matter you are sending out.
I enclose money order for $10.55 with list of
subscribers on separate sheet.
I am sorry I have so little time to devote
to this, but hope to send more later on.
Very respectfully,
S. D. DANIEL.
p. s.—My brother and self thank you for.
your kindness in inviting us to call on you
after you come down and will certainly do so
if possible. * 8. D. D.
JUST SO.
Ellaville, Ga., Dec. 10, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find postoffice
money order for $2, which is a renewal of the
magazine and a subscription for the weekly
Jeffersonian.
C. R. TONDU.
R. F. D. 1.
A THREE-YEAR SUBSCRIBER.
Tallapoosa, Ga., December 20, 1907.
Dear Sir: Please find enclosed my check for
$4. I want your valuable magazine for three
years. For the remaining $1 send your val
uable paper, The Jeffersonian, as long as the
dollar will pay for it.
Yours friend,
WYLIE J. JAMES.
THANKS, BROTHER IRWIN.
Lawrenceville, Ga., December 20, 1907.
Dear Sir: I enclose you check for the two
Jeffersonians for another year. No man who
wishes to know the truth about the situation
at all times and under all circumstances can
afford to be without both publications. I trust
that your Christmas proposition may bring
results that will make you feel happy for the
entire new year, for the common people
ought to appreciate your wonderful defense of
their rights and liberties and give of their
bountiful harvest the small amount of a sub
scription to your publications that the gospel
of truth and justice might fill the land as the
waters fill the sea. 'Wishing for you and ’
yours a happy Christmas and a. prosperous
new year, I am, as ever,
Yours truly,
M. D. IRWIN.
A GALLANT MEXICAN WAR VETERAN.
The Jeffersonian Takes Off Its Hat to Him.
Tucker, Ga., December 20, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find $2.50 on renewal of
my subscription to the Weekly Jeffersonian
and Watson’s Magazine. I am eighty-five
years old, and. not able to get out to make
up a club for your valuable papers. I am
a Mexican veteran; was a volunteer in the
Palmetto Regiment, South Carolina Volun
teers, and fought under General Scott from
Vera Cruz to the city of Mexico. I was in
the storming party that took Chepultepec and
planted “Old Glory” on her walls. The Pal
metto Regiment was the first to enter the city
of Mexico. I hold a silver medal for honor
able service in the Palmetto Regiment, given
by the State of South Carolina.
When I want the whole truth, and nothing
but the truth, I go to Tom Watson’s publica-