The Georgia State Democratic Contention
Hon. Joseph M. Brown, of Marietta, Cobb
county, “Little Joe,” was yesterday at noon
nominated by a rising and unanimous vote of
1,800 delegates to the state convention to be
the democratic candidate for governor at the
coming state election in October.
For fully three minutes the delegates stood,
waved their banners, fluttered their handker
chiefs, shouted for their candidate and
beat the backs and seats of the chairs
which packed the Grand from the back
of the stage to the topmost gallery.
It was a fitting climax for the most spectac
ular convention ever assembled in a southern
state, where every delegate was for the same
candidate; where no other nomination was
made, and when the chairman put the con
verse of the nominating proposition:
“All those opposed—,” there was not a
sound.
The vast assemblage, which was reckoned at
from 2,800 to 3,700, remained absolutely quiet,
as though listening to see if there could pos
sibly be any opposition.
As his nomination was unanimous, so was
all the other business of the convention.
An Uninstructed Delegation.
The delegates to attend the national con
vention at Denver in July were presented to
the state convention by districts without in
structions, and elected by the convention as an
uninstructed delegation.
This action was in sharp contrast to the
convention of four years ago, when the dele
gation went to St. Louis, instructed for Alton
B. Parker.
The delegates will have free rein to cast
their votes as they consider to the best inter
est of the party.
Another striking feature of the convention
was the cordial reception acorded former
Chairman A. L. Miller, of Macon, who, by
virtue of his office, was authorized to call the
convention to order. He was cheered as he
appeared upon the stage, and given the keen
est attention while he put his motions.
When Hon. C. R. Pendleton, of Bibb, had
been named temporary chairman, and Hon.
B. M. Blackburn, of Fulton, had been made
temporary secretary, former Chairman M. J.
Yeomans, of Dawson, who called the Macon
convention to order, offered a resolution of
thanks for the convention. This was
unanimously.
Ovation for Terrell.
It was after Hon. Hewlett A. Hall, of Cow
eta, was elected permanent chairman land
Hon. B. M. Blackburn had been made perma
ment secretary, and both had made stirring
speeches, that the spontaneous call was sent
up for former Governor Joseph M. Terrell.
There of “Terrell,” “Terrell,”
“Terrell,” before the former governor ap
peared upon the stage. But when he did, pan
demonium broke loose. He was cheered to the
echo, and made one of his characteristically
enthusiastic speeches.
It was the tribute -off the convention, and
•* * ;■ ■ , ■lfi V • * ‘ '
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
the applause he received was only surpassed
by the cheers which greeted the name, “Jo
seph M. Brown,” when placed in nomination
by Judge H. D. D. Twiggs, of Chatham, which
ovation lasted five minutes, while delegates
rose in their seats and ladies fluttered their
handkerchiefs.
Not a voice was raised in debate, not a dis
senting vote was recorded, and the session
was the shortest ever held by a state conven
tion, lasting by the clock, three hours and ten
minutes.
Following the nomination of Mr. Brown
came the selection of the “big four”—Hon.
Albert M. Cox, of Fulton; Hon. Peter W. Mel
drim, of Chatham; Hon. Thomas W. Loyless,
of Richmond, and Hon. W. S. West, of
Lowndes. These were named without opposi
tion, as were Hon. E. T. Williams, of Fulton,
and Hon. F. H. Saffold, of Emanuel, elected
presidential electors from the state at large.
The other twenty-two delegates to the na
tional Convention, nominated by district cau
cuses, were adopted by the convention,
without debate, as fast as their names were
called out.
In the same manner the alternates, the
presidential electors and the state executive
committee were made up.
The Platform Reported.
These formalities were attended with the
greatest dispatch and the convention found
itself ready for the state platform almost be
fore it was realized.
The “one-man-convention” moved with
clocklike precision, and the proceedings were
carried along with the ulmost haste. When
the chairman announced, “Chairman J. R.
Smith, of the platform committee, is ready
to report,” there came an instant hush, for
the delegates realized that the legislative pro
gram for the next two years at least was
about to be promulgated.
It was handed to Hon. D. F. McClatchey,
of Marietta, the popular reading clerk of the
house of representatives, who, in stentorian
tones, told Georgia’s new program to the fur
thest ends of the house.
The preamble was listened to with intense
interest, but it was not until the plank was
reached declaring in favor of a return to the
county unit system of nominations that the
gale of applause swept the house.
Following this came the other strong declar
ations in the platform.' The convention went
on record as favoring the return to payment
of pensions to confederate veterans in a lump
sum.
There was a plank calling for the state
primaries not to be held before August each
year.
The platform declares against sinecures;
favors a contraction of the railroad commis
sion to its former number, three, and the
abolition of the special office of counsel to the
railroad commission.
The Prohibition Plank.
The greatest interest was attached to the
prohibition plank, it being rumored that an'
effort was being made to insert a local option
plank in the platform.
This question was settled in the following
language: “The successful candidate for gov
ernor, by his public utterances, removed the
prohibition question from the field of legisla
tion for the next two years, we should, there
fore, discourage, by all legitimate means, any
effort to repeal, emasculate or weaken the
present law, and favor its honest and strict
enforcement.”
The pending disfranchisement measure was
indorsed.
Following the reading of the platform it
was adopted by a unanimous vote.
Effort to Indorse Watson.
A resolution offered by Mr. Russell, of Jack
son, calling upon the Georgia delegation to
place the name of Thomas E. Watson in nom
ination for the office of vice president, was
read to the convention, but upon the motion
of J. Randolph Anderson, of Chatham, was
laid upon the table.
Following this action a call for the Den
ver delegates to assemble at once in the Ara
gon hotel for organization, the convention was
led in prayer by Dr. John E. White, of the
Second Baptist Church, of this city, and
Chairman Hall adjourned the convention sine
die. —Atlanta Constitution.
THE POPULIST PAPER THAT “RODE
THE STORM.”
The Missouri World published weekly at
Chillicothe, Mo., is a straight Populist paper
and always has been; it is the only Populist
paper that rode the storm which swept out of
existence the many hundred of reform papers
that were published in 1896; it is not a local
paper, publishes no local news, but each week
gives the telegraphic news and markets, is as
good for one state as another and circulates
in all the states. Three-fourths of the dele
gates to the recent Populist national conven
tion were subscribers to the Missouri World,
some of them having been subscribers ever
since the paper was established over nineteen
years ago by Dixon & Lankford, who are still
its editors and publishers. The World has
been a supporter of Mr. Watson ever since
he was in Congress, wanted him nominated
for President in 1896 and helped nominate him
in 1904 and this year. Its subscription price
is 50 cents a year (52 copies). Send stamps,
cash, order, draft or your cheek. Unregistered
letter at publishers’ risk.
Address,
The Missouri World,
Chillicothe, Mo.
(The Jeffersonian will forward subscrip
tions to the World. In writing the Jefferson
ian just enclose 50 cents and you will get the
World a year.)
The American Press Humorists will meet
this year in Denver late in August. By that
time the city may have recovered from the
Democratic convention sufficiently to smile at
a few of the jokes.—Washington Post.
PAGE FIVE