PAGE SIXTEEN
You Have
Catarrh!
If You Continually K’hawk and Spit,
If There Is a Constant Dripping
From the Nose Into the Throat,
If You have Foul Sickening
Breath, that is Catarrh and
I Can Cure It.
LET ME SEND YOU A FREE TRIAL
PACKAGE OF MY REMEDY.
This Picture In Awful to Look At. But
to See a Friend Suffer Year After
\ ear »vith Catarrh In Even
Worse, When You Stop to
Think How Easy He
Could Be Cured by
Simply Writing
Gauss.
Catarrh is not only dangerous, but it
causes bad breath, ulceration, death
and decay of bones, loss of thinking
and reasoning power, kills ambition
and energy, often causes loss of appe
tite, indigestion, dyspepsia, raw throat
and reaches to general debility, idiocy
and insanity. It needs attention at
once. Cure it with Gauss’ Catarrh
Cure. It is a quick, radical, permanent
cure, because it rids the system of the
poison germs that cause catarrh.
In order to prove to all who are suf
fering from this dangerous and loath
some disease that Gauss’ Catarrh Cure
will actually cure any case of catarrh
quickly, no matter how long standing
or how bad. I will send a trial pack
age by mail free of all cost. Send us
your name and address today and the
treatment will be sent you by return
mail. Try it! It will positively cure
so that you will be welcomed instead
of shunned by your friends. C. E.
GAUSS. 4 671 Main St., Marshall, Mich.
Fill out coupon below.
FREE
This coupon is good for one trial
package of Gauss’ Combined Catarrh
Cure, mailed free in plain package.
Simply fill in your name and ad
dress on dotted lines below and mail
to
C. E. GAUSS, 4071 Main Street,
Marshall, Mich.
THE GAINESVILLE ELEVATOR
Leading Weekly in Richest
Part of Middle Florida . .
Only SI.OO a Year Gainesville, Fla.
HIVE TRUCK FARM
FOR SALE
Two acres, in town of 400 people.
In splendid condition, fenced, with
small house. Takes up entire block.
Value $1000; part cash, terms for
balance. Box 64, Crosland, Ga.
Singing Schools
Do you need a Singing School taught
at your church or in your community?
If so, now is the time to make arrange
ments for an early date for the sum
mer and fall months. My price is with
in reach of all. Instructions cover the
elementary as well as the more ad
vanced grades. The leading publica
tions used only. If interested, write
for further information.
GARNETT WILLIAMS, Clayton. Ga.
out.
After a long convalescence Hodge
was nearly well again, and mean
while he had been elected mayor.
Soon after that he sat with Keating
by the stove in the store. They were
silent. After a while Hodge said:
“Keating, I’m going to Judge Hay
den’s now.”
Keating turned his keen eye to
Hodge.
“What for?” asked he.
“To ask Isabel to marry me,”
said Martin.
Half an hour later he rang the
door bell at Judge Hayden’s house
and was admitted by Isabel. She
greeted him in a kindly way and
was happy that he was well again.
He said nothing to this. They sat
down on the gold and blue chairs,
she a little uneasy. Her hair had a
rose in it again; her face was a little
older and of a superior delicacy of
feature. Her eyes were pensive, kind
ly and calm. She had laid down on
the table to receive him, a history of
the Florentine Commonwealth. It
seemed to her, as she sat there, that
he had slightly changed; doubtless his
long illness had done that. He had
little or no color, and his face was
not quite so heavy, but ruggeder, a
race that seemed to weigh down on
her. He had become more abrupt
and direct during the latter years,
and so he did not allow her now to
attempt a forced and impossible con
versation. He said:
“Isabel, I have come because I had
to. That is all there is to it. Per
haps if I hadn’t been sick I shouldn’t
have had to. The things I said be
fore are just as true today as they
were then. I know, as I knew then,
that you are too good to believe in
false inequalities. You do not im
agine that I have come back because
I think I have advanced. You know
I think no such thing. I am still
Martin P. Hodge as I was before. I
am still honest; I am still clean; I
am still a chump. I love you and I
want to marry you.”
She was on her feet with her hand
outstretched in a quick, mute appeal,
as though to stop him. She was
plainly trembling.
“Oh, Mr. Hodge! Please—forgive
me! forgive me!” She now had her
hand to her head strangely. It came
over him in a numb way that he had
hurt her. He arose and stood look
ing at her a moment. She, weighed
down by what seemed to be the in-
Self-Sharpening Shears FREE
i 'A -
D E C . 2,2.19 08
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly subscription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine we will, if requested at the time, mail this handsome pair of patent tension,
self-sharpening shears, 8 inches long, made of the finest steel and beautifully finished.
On each dollar subscriptiion you can have your choice of the Watson knife or these shears, and if you subscribe
for both Jeffersonians, paying two dollars,we will, on request, send both premiums.
©be. 'Jeffersonian.
calculable weight of his face, said
nothing.
“Good-by. Thank you,” said he
and turned away.
At the door, in the hall, with his
hat in his hand, her quick step caused
him to pause and turn. Her eyes
were on him. Why was he different,
why did the big hands hang in away
that meant strength, and the clothes
seem to cover the body of a giant?
“I wish —I wish you could even
yet believe me your friend,” she said.
“I do,” he replied and went away.
A little later Judge Hayden’s face
looked in at the parlor door. There
was Isabel with her head down on
the history of the Florentine Com
monwealth.
BOOKS BY THOS. E. WATSON
Story of France (2 volumes)Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the SouthPrice 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson. .Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics. . .Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs.
Sketches from Roman HistoryPrice .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo (just published)Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Farmers’ Union
Every member of the Farmer’s Union
should read the splendid plea of DANIEL
SULLY, THE COTTON KING, for or
ganized work among the cotton growers in
the JULY number of Watson's Jeffersonian
Magazine.
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
Summer SESSION begins June 15, and continues eight weeks. Instruction
offered in Literary, Music, Expression, and Business Departments. Courses to
meet the special needs ©f pupils with deficiencies. Splendid advantages for
those desiring to “make up” work in high school grades and for those needing
special coaching and preparation for College entrance.
Teachers are from our regular Faculty and from Faculties of leading
Southern Colleges. Dormitories open for accommodation of both boys and
girls. Board $8 to $12.50 per month. For catalog and full information address
Claude Gray, President. Locust Grove, Ga.
The stone had rolled down the hill
once more; dumbly, as the ant turns
to refashion the destroyed abode,
Martin P. Hodge turned back to roll
it up again.
(Continued in Next Issue)
NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS’
To any subscriber of the Jefferson
ian wishing to make an investment
we refer you to Larchmont Farm, a
New York corporation, whose adver
tisement appears on another page.
Best Kidney Medicine
Send 25 cents in stamps for SI.OO
worth of the best kidney medicine on
earth, sent prepaid. Makes you feel
young again. Dr. John T. Patterson,
Atlanta, Ga.