This year, Taggart was one, of the Bryanite
lieutenants, dictated the nomination of Kern,
and gave to the Peerless SI,OOO which was
gladly accepted. In 1896, Dave Hill of New
York would have none of Bryan, the reformer.
-This year Hill entertained Bryan at his house,
and made a speech for him. Has Dave Hill
changed?
Not in the least. It is Bryan who has
changed.
In 1896, Bryan bitterly denounced Parker as
a Wall Streeter whose nomination was being
bought by Belmont and Ryan. This year he
has been Parker’s guest,'and Parker made
speeches for him. .Has Parker changed? Not
at all. It was Bryan who had to “come across.”
Olney, who loaned the U. S. army to Pullman
to quell striking laborers, was for Bryan; Pat
McCarren, of Standard Oil, was for Bryan;
Charles Murphy, Tammany boodler, was for
Bryan; Ryan and Belmont, who financed Par
ker, helped to finance Bryan; the Tobacco
Trust and the Standard Oil Company were for
Bryan; the liquor dealers of Maine, Ohio, and
Indiana were for Bryan, who in those states
was in league with the whiskey element.
Not a single Jeffersonian principle of the
Bryan platform of 1896 was embodied in the
Bryan platform of 1908.
In that it pledges the Republicans to the
Parcels Post and the Postal banking system,
Taft’s platform is actually less Hamiltonian
than that of Bryan.
In his deals with the negro leaders, in his
deals with the liquor interests, in his accept
ance of Standard Oil money, in his taking a
thousand dollars from Roger Sullivan whom
he denounced as “unfit to associate with an
honest Democrat,” in his unscrupulous and
dangerous bid for the labor vote, Mr. Bryan
has shown that he has no fixed convictions.
He is an office-seeker, and nothing more.
There isn’t a drop of martyr blood in his veins.
To get the Presidency, he has sacrificed .every
principle he ever professed, and has gone into
moral bankruptcy.
Hoke In Gotham.
When our luscious and lovely Governor in
vited himself into the Bryanite campaign, he
did so with an eye to . a seat in the Cabinet.
Consequently, it was desirable that the great
est publicity be given to his actings and doings,
his goings and comings, his rousing receptions
and his spellbinding orations.
His organ the Atlanta Journal, had little to
say about Hoke’s visit to the Social Equality
school in which Bryan educated his son and
daughter, and of Hoke’s speech at said Social
Equality College.
But when he left Georgia and went to New
York to appear in the monster meeting of the
Bryanites in Madison Square Garden, the thing
had to be puffed, played up, featured, trumpet
ed, and otherwise made much of.
So the modest Hoke detached from the Jour
nal staff an expert in the matter of journalistic
fiction and carried him along to advertise
Hoke’s glorious doings and sayings at the big
Bryan demonstration.
Whether the expert wrote the puff before the
Governor and himself set out for New York,
doesn’t much matter. So far as the facts are
concerned, it might just as well have been. Be
tween the puff, as displayed in the Journal, and
the facts about Hoke’s part in the Madison
Square Garden meeting, there is the usual con
flict which arises when Hoke’s organ pretends
to tell the truth about anything.
Any one who read the “Staff Correspondent”
puff which Hoke had his expert to send to the
Journal, must have come to the conclusion that
next to the Peerless himself, our lusciously
lovely Hoke was the hero of the hour, the cock
of the walk, the bull of the woods and so forth.
Now, I happen to know something about
New York crowds, and something about the
quality of Hoke Smith oratory, and I was cu
rious to learn how Hoke “took” with a mass
meeting in New York.
Jeffersonian
Therefore, I examined, one by one, our New
York exchanges and looked up the accounts
which these impartial papers gave of Hoke’s
contribution to the grandeur of Bryan’s big
meeting.
First, the New York Herald. This great pa
per, Independent in politics but generally sup
porting the Democratic ticket, carried a group
picture of Bryan and his most prominent at
tendants in Madison Square Garden. Anxious
ly, I scanned the faces of this prominent group,
expecting of course to find Hoke. But Hoke
wasn’t in the picture at all.
1 hen I glanced at the IJerald headlines,
which carry the important points about the
meeting. Os course I expected to see a head
line about Hoke. Not there. Not a word about
our perambulating Governor, who takes a puff
er along with him when he goes,—thus making
sure of at least one puff.
Several columns of the Herald were devoted
to the meeting, Bryan’s speech, Herrick’s
speech, and Chanler’s speech. Augustus
Thomas, another speaker, was given a line of
high praise, and then I came to Hoke.
The Herald says,
“Judge Herrick introduced Gov. Hoke Smith
of Georgia who was talking when Mr. Bryan
came in.”
That is all. After the really important speak
ers had finished, Hoke was used as a stop-gap,
until the Peerless could make his appearance.
“Governor Hoke Smith who was talking
when Bryan came in.” Heavens!
Next, I turned to the New York World, a
Democratic paper. In this Bryanite organ,
Hoke’s name is not mentioned at all. Neither
in the headlines, nor in the body of the lengthy
report of the meeting and the speeches can you
find the slightest evidence that our beautiful
Governor was in Madison Square Garden.
Omitted as negligible. Horrors !
Next, I took up the New York Sun. Waded
through the heacllines, but couldn’t find Hoke’s
name. Then I examined the report of the meet
ing, and at last found where our wandering
Governor “was at” that night. From what the
Sun says it looks very much like a jeering and
guying which the crowd gave Hoke.
The Sun says that a woman “in a plain
brown jacket” waved a flag frantically and
chirped,
“Oh, you Hoke Smith of Geawguh.” “The
crowd took up the call until it became a roar,
“Oh, you Hoke!”
Mighty queer “ovation.” Good natured
horse-play and guying it was, so far as the
crowd was concerned.
Here’s all that the Sun says about Hoke’s
speech:
“Hoke Smith of Georgia drew the evil task
of having to still the restless waves in the au
dience until such time as Mr. Bryan, then very
near due, should make his appearance in the
Garden. Mr. Smith attacked his task bravely,
although discursively, and was hammering on
the problem of the filling of vacancies in the
Supreme Court when a cheer sounded from
without.”
It was Bryan, of course, and his arrival cut
off the Hoke Smith speech in mid career. He
did not get to speak his piece after all the ex
pense and trouble of going up there to do it.
It is a great advantage to Hoke Smith to con
trol a paper of large circulation which is un
scrupulous in its manufacture of lies. It often
enables him to appear to have won credit which
is not his due, and to fasten upon his enemies
an odium which they in no way deserve.
MH*
'Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
By the time this reaches the reader the elec
tion will have been held and we will know who
is our next president, Taft or Bryan.
We will know whether we will have another
Republican administration under a Republican
name, or a Republican administration under a
Democratic name.
It will amount to about the same whichever
way it goes.
It has been a remarkable race in many ways,
and the result will show which the people con
sider the lesser of the two evils. It has
proved that the Trusts control both old parties,
and one to be about as corrupt as the other.
While Foraker and Penrose, the Republi
cans, were dealing with Archbold, the Standard
Oil magnate, Bailey and Haskell, the Demo
crats, were doing the same.
But this campaign has ended their political
careers, as it has the careers of many others.
Nineteen hundred and twelve will bring
about an entirely different alignment and you
mark the prediction.
-Those who want real reform will demand
leaders who are real reformers.
It will not be four years before there is a new
alignment in Georgia, and manv other South
ern States.
That will take place in 1010.
With the negro out of politics the white peo
ple can no longer fear negro domination, and
they will vote as they please instead of the
way the bosses tell them to.
Thousands of white people have been scared
into voting against their wishes by this fear.
The bosses saw it was a powerful weapon to
use and they used it for all it was w r orth.
But they-can no longer use it, and it will not
be long before many a Georgia politician is
hunting honest work.
There are already two strong white parties
in several Southern states, particularly North
Carolina, and the same will soon be true of
Georgia.
Those who claim to be conservatives will be
forced into one party, and the reformers into
the other.
The Populist vote throughout the country
may not be as heavy as many loyal Populists
hoped for, but there is no reason to be discour
aged.
In many states where there are thousands of
good Populists, there was no Populist ticket in
the field, —therefore these thousands could not
vote the ticket of their choice.
Then, too, the Populists had practically no
organization.
Some of those who were expected to direct
and finance the campaign have neither directed
nor financed.
In fact very little has been heard of them
since they were selected.
It takes money to pay the legitimate ex
penses of a campaign, and this the Populists
did not have.
Even their candidates paid their expenses
out of their own pockets.
The Republicans had hundreds of thousands,
the Democrats the same, while the Indepen
dence party had Mr. Hearst’s pocket-book and
his powerful daily newspapers.
The Populists had only one little daily and
very few weekly papers.
Taking everything into consideration they
made a good showing, —one not to be ashamed
of, —and there is no reason to quit the fight.
The principles advocated by the Populist
party are right, and they are sure to live, —just
as they have lived since the time of Thomas
Jefferson.
And the party that overthrows the Republi
can party, whether it be Populist in name or
not, will represent the same principles which
the Populist party today represents.
*
Much abuse and criticism has been heaped
upon Mr. Hearst and his agents for securing
the Archbold letters in the manner which they
did.
We admit that bribery is not very honorable,
but about the only way to catch the big rascals
is by resorting to such means.
That the exposures these letters contained
have done the country good, there is no deny
ing.
(Continued on Page Twelve,)
PAGE NINE