PAGE FOUR
s ummary of Events as They Happen
By Tom Dolan
The situation in Turkey has been
much calmer during the past week
and no outrages
Turkey Quieter, have been reported
from Asia Minor.
The new Sultan and his ministry are
apparently doing their best to restore
tranquility. Many courtmartials have
been held, and a number implicated
in the revolution against the constitu
tionalists, have been summarily exe
cuted. It is interesting, considering
the complications of the situation in
the near East, to note that Oscar
Straus is to be sent as United States
Minister to Constantinople, where he
has previously served in that capacity
and where it is hoped his work may
be valuable.
With the direct consent of Great
Britain, Russian troops were last week
sent to the relief of
As to Persia. Teheran, whose belea
guered inhabi tan t s
were on the verge of starvation. Rus
sian influence is at the moment domi
nating Persia, and it is stated that
Russian money has financed the Shah
in his opposition to the Nationalists
uprising. However, on May sth, he
signed and issued a proclamation
granting a constitution to Persia. The
document states that, since nothing
but a constitutional regime will re
store order and promote the welfare
of the people, his majesty therefore
accords a constitution.
An electoral law will shortly be
published when elections will be held
under the new constitution.
All of this looks like a victory for
the Nationalists, but it will be re
called that similar rejoicings went
forth when the Russian Duma prom
ised so much for the people of that
country. It has accomplished noth
ing. Its members have all been thor
oughly intimidated and the Czar and
Russian bureaucracy are riding just
as rough shod over the people as
ever, and so long as Russian power is
behind the throne of Persia, that
country may expect but the shadow —
not the substance —-of freedom.
There is no doubt hut that the
Czarina has experienced a complete
nervous break down, if
Czarina Hl. nothing more serious. It
is said that the constant
terror under which Russian royalty
drags out its existence has made her
the wreck of the strong, healthy Eng
lish girl she was at the time of her
marriage. It is reported that three
attempts were made upon the life of
Nicholas within twenty-four hours re
cently. This is certainly sufficient to
ruin the strongest nerves. What a
pity it is that the Czarina seems to
have been dead to her God-given op
portunity to have strongly influenced
her husband on behalf of his oppress
ed subjects, and yet, to save intact
all the authority of the throne, she
is understood to have opposed even
the concessions he might have made.
Leading terrified, imprisoned lives
such as theirs, one wonders what they
get out of it to cling to the system
that reacts so fearfully upon them,
robbing them of every joy dear to hu
manity.
Surely Persia will be in a deplora
ble case if it becomes Russianized.
An atrocity identically similar, to
that of many lately committed in Ar
menia, was perpe-
The Black Hand, trated in New York
City but a few
days ago, where a tenement house con
taining at least 150 persons was de
liberately fired by members of the
“Black Hand,” the doors locked upon
the helpless inmates in order to burn
them alive. Mothers threw their
babies out of upper-story windows
and through the efforts of police and
fire department some of these little
ones escaped unharmed, but several
fell to the pavement and were killed.
In all about nine persons were mur
dered and a great number injured.
The ‘“call from Armenia” is one that
the civilized world must heed, but
meantime there exists and seems to
thrive a body of criminals engaged in
every sort of viciousness right here
at home. All the larger cities have
been permeated with the minions of
the Black Hand and its inevitable
imitators. Many pooh-pooh the idea
that there is any such society but
whether or not it exists, certain it is
that crimes of the most revolting
character are on the increase. If the
government were half as eager to put
a ”maximum” tariff upon foreign
criminals as it is upon the “products
of the pauper labor of Europe, ’ ’ there
might be some control of that class
of immigration which comes to
America as a larger field for its pecu
liar iniquities.
On the effort to check immigration,
the Macon Telegraph has this to say:
“Senator Overman, of North Caro
lina, has introduced a bill to increase
the capitation tax upon immigrants
from $4 to sl2. In support of his bill
the Senator points to the 1 dreadful
fact’ that within the last ten years
more than 8,000,000 immigrants ar
rived in this country, of whom 3,500,-
000 returned to the lands of their
nativity, taking back with them about
$1,000,000,000. It is calculated that
if the head tax were thus increased
it would annually yield $6,000,000
more revenue to the government —
paid, according to Mr. Overman, by
the great steamship companies as a
just penalty for their promoticm of
unwelcome immigration.
“The fact cited by Mr. Overman is
not as ‘dreadful’ as he imagines if
dreadful at all. If a third of the
immigrants of the past ten years re
turned to Europe with their earnings,
they left behind them the fruit of
their labors, and they spent the
money brought over with them while
they were here. The immigrants of
the last fiscal year alone brought into
this country no less than $18,000,000.
If the steamship companies have
sinned and ought to be punished, it is
not for bringing able-bodied and wil
ling immigrants to this country at
cheap rates and thus aiding in making
15b* Jeffersonian
the Northern and Western States
rich, populous and powerful. It were
well if North Carolina and the other
Southern States were similarly in
debted to the great ocean carriers.
“Care should be taken that only the
more desirable immigrants enter this
country, but there is no good reason
for trebling the head tax. On the
contrary there are excellent reasons
for doing nothing of the sort.”
As to this, there has been and the
Telegraph of course knows, an al
most complete change in the charac
ter of the immigrants in the past ten
years, and a most unfavorable, one.
And as between such settlers as
helped build up the North and West
there is no comparison with the mi
gratory peddling, or pauper labotr
class.
What the immigrants bring or take
away in dollars and cents is not to be
considered where the character and
intent of those coming to our shores
is concerned, and the effect they have
upon our national life, our slum prob
lems, etc. It is more than likely that
the immigrant who brings money here
is of less value as a laborer or settler
than the one who comes with nothing
except a few rags tied up in a hand
kerchief, but it would be interesting
and helpful to determine just what
“fruits of their labor” emigrants
leave here, and in whose custody.those
fruits remain? The home-going for
eigner is usually of the non-producing
class. He is a trader, a middle man
in a petty sense, the catch-penny mer
chant of the push-cart and street
stand. Does that sort of “labor”
benefit anybody? It would be hard
to see what real good it does. And
as for those who really toil, the fruit
of their sweat-shop work, their slavery
in mill and mine goes to decrease the
wages of common labor and increase
the profits to the protected manu
facturing class. The laborer in
America competes with the pauper
labor of Europe, and when he buys
back for his home consumption
the products of the very cotton mill
or mine in which he works, he pays
the enormous tax levied thereon by
the tariff, because there is no compe
tition that the manufacturer has to
meet. It is a beautiful system all
around for the privileged class.
AGENTS’ PRIZE CONTEST
To the agent who sends us the largest number of subscriptions
to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
between April 8 and June 10, 1909, we will give
Ten Dollars in Cash
To the agent who sends us the second largest number of sub
scriptions, as above, we will give
Five Dollars in Cash
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows:
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian 10 points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards 5 ”
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian 5 ”
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards .. 4 ”
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian 2% ”
Three months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2 ”
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in for this prize competition. For blanks, samples, etc., apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
There is something wonderfully
fascinating in the bold proposal of
Prof. Wm. H. Picker-
Mars, Ahoy! ing, director of the
Harvard Observatory,
to signal the planet Mars at a time
in the not distant future, when that
planet shall have approached a point
nearer than it has heretofore been to
the earth, or is likely to be again in
centuries. Prof. Pickering believes
this can be done by flashing signals,
by means of enormous mirrors placed
on the great stretches of prairie in
Texas, and the City of Houston has
no less boldly come forward with the
offer to raise the necessary ten or
wore millions to 'complete the equip
ment. It is believed that in case
Mars is inhabited, its greater age will
necessarily mean that its people have
reached as high an order as those of
earth and that some answering sign
could be expected. “What’s the
use?” inquires the “practical” man.
None, maybe, so far as selling soap or
rendering lard is concerned, but of
such incalculable benefit to the intel
lectual progress of the race as to
take away one’s very breath to think
of. Imagine the narrowness and big
otry of little two-by-four creeds going
down before the certainty that this
tiny universal speck we call the world
were only a mere manifestation of
myriad forms of life and that theol
ogy hadn’t sounded the depth and
measured the bounds, after all. And
congratulations to humanity for its
daring and scientific zeal, in thinking
of the scheme seriously enough to sub
scribe so it, and labor for it.
Under the title of “What Aldrich
ism Is,” the Birmingham Age-Herald
pubished the other day
What the following parallel
Aldrichism columns, showing the
Is. proposed schedules in
the Payne-Aldrich tariff
bill compared to those of the Dingley
bill:
Present Aldrich
law. bill.
Chemicals, oils and
paints 27.62. 28.21
Earths, earthenware
and' glassware .. .. 49.03 48.70
Metals and manufac
(Continued on Page Thirteen.)