C> be 3 effersonian
VOLUME FOUR
NUMBER THREE
Summary of Tbents as They Happen
By Tom 'Dolan
Replying to the resolution by Con
gress calling for the grounds upon
which Mr. Roosevelt based' his plain
implication that the members of the
lower house were afraid to be investi
gated by the secret service, the Presi
dent has made a lengthy but not very
satisfactory statement, the gist of
which is that his meaning in the an
nual message was misunderstood.
Congress is angrier than ever because
it is an open secret that Mr. Roose
velt meant just what he implied. Just
what further steps will be taken by
congress to show its resentment is not
known, nor whether Mr. Roosevelt
will come back with facts which war
ranted the original intimation that
congress is afraid of investigation.
The patient American spectators to
the whole affair are becoming thor
oughly disgusted with both sides and
it takes a great deal to feaze said
spectators. Has Mr. Roosevelt all
along been in possession of facts de
rogatory to different members of con
gress which should have been made
known? if so why were they not made
known long ago? It is exceedingly
regrettable that the few weeks re
maining of his administration should
be so full of criminations and recrimi
nations. What should be coordinate
branches of the government have be
come bitterly antagonistic to the det
riment of serving the people.
*****
The Panama scandal hafe been re
vived and a full investigation de
manded. After all these years it is
like searching for foot prints after
many moons, yet the administration
will not be absolved from suspicion
of using anything but a square deal
in that matter.
What may do something to put a
final quietus upon the matter was the
recent conclusion of a treaty with Co
lombia, whereby a payment of $2,-
500,000 is to be made, ostensibly by
Panama, but in reality by the United
■States. Being hard pressed finan
cially, Colombia has had to take that
sum, instead of the $10,000,000 orig
inally claimed. Colombia has never
been in position to enforce her
claims, and it is notable that becom
ing a “world power” has opened the
eyes of the State Department to nice
bargains thrown upon the counter
through revolutions, and so forth.
*****
Again, Attorney General Bonaparte
has been called upon to show cause
why the Steel Trust was permit
ted to gobble up The Tennessee Iron
and Coal Company; a merger which is
in direct violation of the Sherman
Weekly Paper Edited by THu TSON and J. D. WATSON
Anti-Trust law. Mr. Roosevelt has
told his attorney that he need not
answer.
*****
One of the most sensational inci
dents of the exchange of shots be
tween the two ends of Pennsylvania
avenue has been the charges ag'ainst
Senator Benjamin Tillman, of South
Carolina, accused of graft in connec
tion with Oregon land deals and of
the petty pilfering from the govern
ment such as the abuse of the frank
ing privilege. Senator Tillman’s de
dense of himself in the senate was
equivalent to a denial of his under
taking to buy Oregon lands, and he
admitted sending the typewriting ma
chine forth and back on the franking
privilege. 'Neither of these offenses
are indictable, but they do spot the
senatorial ermine. The wrong con
duct of Mr.* Tillman consists in using
his«“ ground floor” information for
the purpose of trying to get lands at
the tiny sum of $2.50 per acre, and as
Senator Tillman could not exactly be
called a settler of the state of Oregon
his transaction meant pure specula
tion. Great injustice has been done
to the West through* land grabbing,
timber stealing, etc., and it was the
expressed purpose of Senator Tillman
who had espoused the cause of the
settlers against the corporations to
relieve the situation to a great extent
so that land might be opened to de
velopment by the natives of the
Western states.
Mr. Roosevelt has become very
busy with the muck rake he effects
to despise. While there is an appar
ent balancing perceived between his
bitterness against Foraker, Ohio Re
publican, and Tillman, S. C. Demo
crat, it is interesting to note that Mr.
Roosevelt has had no cause to hold
either of these gerftlemen in high per
sonal affection.
*****
As an example of the feeling en
gendered, the speech Representa
tive Willet, of New York, shows an
outbreak of the antagonism which
has been growing up for many moons.
His theme was “The Passing of
Roosevelt” and he took occasion to
coin new terms of contempt to those
made more familiar in the preceding
strife. “A hay-tedder, a jocularity
and a gargoyle” were among the mild
er, but rather weird descriptive terms
applied, while the balance of the
tirade of denunciation quite passed
the bounds of anything previously at
tempted in the way_pf excoriation. It
is high time to call a halt or the re-
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, January 21, 1909
sources of Billingsgate will be entire
ly exhausted by our foremost exam
ples.
*****
How much all of this emphasizes
the need for the Imperative Mandate
and the Recall! Make our represen
tatives directly accountable to the
people and the Executive Depart
ment need not worry over-much about
them. Smash the machine and let
popular will have a fair chance. The
people will often act unwisely, even
then, but such mistakes will grow
infrequent as general intelligence and
information increases along political
lines. The growth of any spy sys
tem has grave dangers and, after all,
it does not require the evidence of
sleuths to show the people of a dis
trict whether or not their congress
man is negligent or corrupt. When
bad legislation is railroaded through,
and good measures hindered, some
thing is wrong with the representa
tives who have been entrusted with
responsibility. There is a w’ay bv
which they may be brought to imme
diate justice. Let the people wake
up. Certainly enough smoke is pres
ent to prove that there is a good deal
of fire in Washington, and it will not
be stamped out until the voters them
selves do their full duty of safe
guarding the public interests.
It is a w 7 ell known fact that the
millionaires of this country have com
paratively trifling real estate hold
ings. And the last tentative assess
ment for New York City shows that
its resident rich will come in for tax
ation on personal property in some
thing like these amounts: J. Pierpont
Morgan, $18,000; William W. Astor,
$5,000 and so on. And yet, despite
this flagrant evasion of returns, this
puny government of ours cannot
evolve an income, or inheritance tax;
or yi tax upon stocks, bonds, mort
gages, etc., that will force these peo
ple to pay any adequate share of the
burdens of supporting it. Now, it is
proposed, in order to raise revenue to
supply the constantly increasing
treasury deficit, to levy a tariff tax of
five cents per pound on coffee, the
one luxury, perhaps, of the poor
man’s breakfast, and certainly re
garded as a necessity in the average
home. Under the increased cost of
the necessaries of life, it is Impossible
for the man of ordinary wages to put
by anything for his old age or for
emergency due to sickness or accident.
Young men are deterred from mar
rying by the dread of being unable to
provide for a family and young wom
en are slaving away in factories and
shops, who should be making homes.
Individual and race suicide, divorce
and crime are on the increase and
every factor favorable to national
happiness and prosperity is subordi
nated to the end that we may foster
a moneyed aristocracy. Thousands of
futile moral agencies are trying to
lecture, preach and pray the world
into righteousness, and never grasp
the fact that all the average human
needs to make him “good” is em
ployment, decent living and the stim
ulus which comes with a chance to
succeed.
They are making a great to-do over
the dismissal of Yuan Shih Kai from
the Chinese “cabinet” and all the
foreign powers have deliberated most
portentously over the event. Which
appears queer, if not ludicrous. Other
nations would get their faces severe
ly slapped if they meditated interfer
ing with Great Britain and w 7 hat she
did. to Premier Asquith, or these
United States and whether or not Eli
hu Root were retained as Secretary of
State. Whenever China takes the po
sition that her affairs are not of ne
cessity the business of her self-con
stituted guardians, she will have made
one startling step in real reform. For
all the talk of wanting progress in
China, nothing disturbs the diplo
mats more than evidence that the
ancient country proposes to have min
isters acceptable to herself, even if
not so desirable to the Amalgamated
Society of International Greed.
The Supreme Court on the 18th in
stant affirmed the decree of the Tex
as State Court, which imposed a fine
of $1,623,000 on the Waters-Pierce
Oil Company and ousting it from the
state on the charge of breaking the
Sherman law.
The actions states in these mat
ters, however, is apt to prove inade
quate, in the opinion of those who
know well the methods, by which the
Standard Oil Company manages to
evade all laws. Operating in dozens
of names, no sooner is one subordi
nate company ousted than another
takes its place and carries on the
same old game. As for fines, they
are in turn levied on the people by
increase in the price of oil, and
there you are. Until jail sentences
are imposed upon these law-breakers
they are serenely able to defeat the
most vigorous measures taken against
them.
Price Five Cents