Organize Clubs!
The efforts of young Stanford, of Oxford,
Ga., and of friends Daniel and Hutchenson,
of LaGrange, deserve the strongest support.
I eople! You must do something for your
selves. Don’t wait for some celebrity to come
among you, and organize you. ORGANIZE
YOURSELVES.
Get together, read and talk, swap ideas,
compare notes, listen to what the others have
to suggest, and then let them hear from you.
Is anything wrong going on in your town,
your county, your state, your Federal Gov
ernment ?
If so, you can set it right. It cannot be
done without you. If you don’t care enough
about it to co-operate with those who are
willing to try to make things better, you will
be to blame for the continuation of whatever
is wrong.
x x s:'
How Much Bagging to the Bale?
Cotton growers are greatly disturbed be
cause of new regulations in the wrapping of
the bale.
They resent the change; first, because they
don’t like to be dictated to. They feel that
they have the right to do as they please, with
their own.
But there is also a feeling that they are
being treated unjustly. The Liverpool prices
have always been made on the basis of “C. I.
F. and 6 per cent.” The letters stand for
Cost, Insurance, Freight. The C> per cent,
stands for Tare.
You remember how we used to “figger”
Tare and Fret, at school. The Tare on a box
of tobacco is the weight of the wooden box.
The Tare on a barrel of crockery is the
weight of the staves and hoops. The Tare
on a bale of cotton is, the bagging and ties.
Therefore, when 6 per cent, is knocked off
for Tare,’each bale of 500 pounds loses 30
pounds.
So far as I know, the cotton grower is the
only seller who loses the Tare. In all other
cases, the purchaser pays. Liquids in bottles
and jugs; corn and meal and flouy qnd poffee
in sacks; lard in the can, meat in the bag
or hogshead, canned goods, boxed goods,
crated goods—the purchaser always loses the
Tare.
Don’t they make the bottles short-measure ?
Test it and see. Turn up a pint or quart bot
tle, and notice how the bottom runs up into
the interior, lessening the holding capacity.
In that way, you lose the Tare.
But the cotton grower loses the,bagging
and ties. He pays Tare to everybody when
he buys: nobody pays it, when he sells.
Poor old Farmer! —doesn’t he catch it, on
all sides ?
Unless the Liverpool rule has been changed,
it is a very great hardship on the cotton
grower to make him put on a wrappage
which weighs less than 30 pounds.
When he loses bagging and ties to that
amount, he is stuck for the cost of the wrap
page, only; but when he is compelled to use
less wrappage than 30 pounds, he begins to
lose actual cotton.
El BT 81
Champ Clark in Bad Company
I think a world of Champ Clark, the Dem
ocratic House leader. His horse seiise, his ro
bust manliness, his intelligent combativeness
excite my admiration.
But he has made a bad mistake. A ten
million dollar corporation, composed of rich
St. Louis Republicans, is no place for Champ
fact that Senator Gum-shoe Bill Stone
has gone into it, too, only makes matters
worse. Senator Gum-shoe is a parlous po
litical bawd, and everybody knows it.
Nor is the situation improved by the tact
that Jim Griggs, of Georgia, went into the
Uljc 'Jeffersonian
big combine, on the ground-floor. The rec
ord of Congressman Griggs is well known to
Champ Clark. At the extra session he used
the power of his position on the Committee
of Ways and Means to help the Lumber
Trust. The Georgia and Florida Saw Mill
Association enjoyed the unusual favor of two
hearings before the Committee. And Griggs
not only helped the Lumber Trust in Com
mittee, but helped it in the House.
Worse still, —he deserted the Democrats,
and went over to the Republicans to support
Cannonism, whose immediate work was the
new Tariff bill, which taxes blankets at 165
per cent., increases the duties on hosiery, and
advances the prices of cotton goods.
Champ Clark must have felt bitter resent
ment, when Jim Griggs deserted him, and
went over to the enemy. Had Griggs and
those other Democratic deserters been true to
their colors, Joe Cannon would have been
overthrown, and the stand-patters would
have lost control of the House.
Champ Clark knows this. He knows that
Jim Griggs was one of the deserters of whom
Lon Livingston said to Joe Cannon, — “Joe,
I've got you another Georgia vote:”— elicit
ing the gratified acknowledgment. “THAT'S
GOOD. LON.”
Champ Clark knows that Livingston
“legged” for Joe Cannon, and that Jim
Griggs was one of the earliest recruits of
whom Lon reported to his Republican boss.
and of whom the boss might have said to his
Democratic henchman, “ That's good. Lon.”
And yet, in spite of all this, Champ Clark
unites with Griggs, Stone, and the wealthy
Republicans of St. Louis, in the “Mississippi
Valley Transportation Company”.
When a Democratic Congressman, like Liv
ingston, canvasses for votes for a Republican.
like Joe Cannon; and when enough Demo
crats are won over to secure victory to Can
non; and when the House-leader of the Dem
ocrats forms a copartnership with one of
these traitors and a lot of rich Republicans. —
who is it that can expect any genuine relief
from either of the old parties?
is ® ®
How and Why I Bought the Land
The first land I ever bought, was the place
where I was raised. The panic of 1873 swept
away the remnants of my father’s property,
and at the time I came to Thomson to prac
tice law (1876) “the old people” were living
on a piece of sandy land in Richmond Coun
ty. The dwelling was a little shanty. The
smoke-house, larder, pantry, buttery, etc., con
sisted of a home-made book-case that had be
longed to my stately old grandfather. The
shelves for the books were built above the
desk, you know. The desk had the usual lid
on it, and the holding capacity of its insides
was more than sufficient to hold all the meat,
lard, meal, flour and butter that the family'
ever had on hand at one time.
A certain well-to-do farmer, who had hired
my “next oldest” brother, imposed on him
and, because my brother licked his son in a
fist-and-skull fight, this well-to-do gentleman
beat my little brother. The boy came to me
in Thomson and, crying, told me how he had
been treated. I got me a small pistol from
somebody, and waited for the gentleman
come to town. He did so, the following Sun
day morning. I went to him, and began a
conversation. He hardly got a chance to say
anything. The distance which the noise of
the “cussing” is said to have travelled, that
calm Sabbath morning, staggers belief. I
took the man’s riding switch out of his hands,
and struck him with it. He was much the
bigger, but his conscience was against him.
He showed no fight, either then or after
wards, —though I had myself been a witness
to a thrashing he gave another man, about a
ten-cent hound-dog, some years before.
(After the thing was all over, I examined
the tiny pistol, and discovered that it wasn’t
loaded.)
A few months later, we had one of those
“Revivals” in Thomson, which stirs us all up,
and makes us get good, and puts many of us
to interring little hatchets. This “Revival”
got hold of me in such away that, I not only
cried and “took on”, myself, but I picked out
the hardest old case in the congregation, pried
him loose from his seat, dragged him out into
the aisle, and landed him on the mourner’s
bench. He was a local saw-mill man, who al
ways got drunk when he came to towm, and
who. always fought somebody when he got
drunk. He was eternally being fined, and
constantly paying the penalty in lumber:
consequently he was the unfailing support of
our municipal bridge-system.
Well, —what I started out to say, when I
was interrupted, was this, some of the
Amen-corner brethren told me that I ought to
make-up with the man w ho had been cruel to
my little brother. Impulsive innocent that I
was, it did not occur to me to inquire about
the other man’s feeling in the matter. I went
to him, on the street, and offered my hand.
He declined to take it, —and thus I got a
great big public snub. And because of my
recent religious activities, I had to meekly
swallow’ the affront.
Arrested for that Sunday row’, the prosecu
tor offered to “drop it”, if my brother would
surrender his half of the crop that he had
been working. We were poor boys,—and w’e
agreed.
Following this, I went on a visit to the
family. The condition in which I found
them almost broke my heart. Then and there,
the resolution w’as taken to buy a home for
them. How? I didn’t have a dollar, hardly.
The idea of borrowing money to make a first
payment, occurred to me. I found five sub
stantial men who were willing to “go on my
note” for SSOO. With this, I made the first
payment on a tract of 700 acres, bargained to
me at $4 per acre. I trusted to luck, fiard
w’ork and rigid sei Menial to meet the future
installments.
Twice-a-day, I w’alked three miles, to and
from my law T -office. My dinner went along
in the little tin bucket.
I w’as not such a fool as to sign any agree
ment with the established lawyers, binding
myself to charge the same fees as they got.
No, sirree! I steered clear of that clog, which
so many young attorneys fetter themselves
with. I didn't think it was any of the busi
ness of Colonel This, or Judge That, what
my clients paid me. If Iw as willing to work
all day for two dollars, and travel forty miles
to attend to the job in some rural “Justice’s
Court”, —that was nobody’s affair but mine.
I had a heavy load to carry: those install
ments had to be met: a shelter for the old
people and the little sisters was at stake.
Those'payments must be made! So I dressed
plainly, ate my cold dinner in my office, dili
gently attended to wdiat cases came my way,
studied hard, lived cleanly in every respect,
and gradually gained ground.
I would go out into the woods, to speak to
imaginary juries. Sometimes people heard
me, and wondered what crazy man had es-
the Asylum. The negroes got su
perstitious about it, and whenever they’d
calch the sound of that distant rehearsal,
■'they’d make a cross-mark on the ground and
spit in it.
Rarely were the fees larger than $5 or $lO,
in those early days. The good old Ordinary
of the County, Rev. A. B. Thrasher —God
bless his soul!—reached me the plank that
did so much to help me across. He threw to
me, for collection, a claim which a minor had
against a guardian’s estate. General Toombs,
attorney for the executors, recognized the
priority of the ward's debt, and had it
promptly paid. The money ($4,000) was
turned over to me at Crawfordville, one even
ing, too late for me to catch a train for home.
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE