PAGE TWELVE
ANDREW JACKSON’S WAY.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
tions, instead of steering his course by
fixed principles.
The Gold Standard is a violation of the
Constitution of the United States.
Nothing can be clearer than that our
constitutional system is bimetallism —
which simply means that our forefathers
thought that it would require both silver
and gold to supply the people with a
sufficient volume of currency.
: Besides, the Government always exer
cised the sovereign prerogative of issu
ing treasury notes whenever the supply
of gold and silver ran short. It was not
until 1862 that the national bankers
pressed in the thin edge of their wedge.
Very soon, they followed up their ne
farious encroachment by compelling Con
gress to burn the Government notes and
to quit issuing paper money.
The banks wanted that power and prof
it for themselves.
; The money question is not settled. It
never will be settled until the constitu
tional system is restored.
r’My own belief that our principles can
secure a better hearing now than ever
before.
H
Our Principles.
To the average office-holder of the two
old parties, there is a profound belief that
the government was created for the bene
fit of those in office.
Their conception of the whole business
is that the government is a huge carcass
to be fed upon alternately, by the “ins”
and the “outs.” Whenever the Demo
cratic jackals can drive off the Republi
lican vultures, the carcass is the feast of
the Democrats. Whenever the Repub
lican vultures grow too numerous and
strong for the Democratic jackals, the
banquet belongs to the Republicans.
The time for the people to have any
thing done for them, never comes. They
vote out the “ins/’ because the “outs”
have promised “reform,” —only to find
that the outs, when in, and the ins, when
out, have only swapped places and habits
with the other fellow.
We Jeffersonians stand for the doctrine
that the world’s stock of wealth and of
opportunity belongs to all mankind —to
be won or lost, on the basis of merit or
demerit. We say that the avenues of ad
vancement should not be closed up by
class legislation. We say that accumu
lated wealth should not be allowed to
surround itself with statutory intrench
ments which keep off competition. The
holder of wealth has no. right to legis
late his fortune out of the reach of the
risks and changes of legitimate business.
He has no right to legislate his wealth
into a mortgage upon the revenues of
the government and the annual produce
of all labor. He has no right to legis
late special favors to himself, whereby
enormous accumulations are held to-
TH® JEFFERSONIAN.
gether, not by force or energy, industry
and superior ability, but by reason of the
special privileges and exemptions created
by law.
For instance we do not question the
right of any man to own as much money
as he can honestly get, but we declare
it to be wrong to allow the holder of
the money to pass laws in his own favor
which exempt his money from taxation,
give him a* lien upon the property of
every other citizen, and exact from other
citizens a tax to pay the interest on the
money of this specially favored citizen.
In other words, we oppose national bonds
just as Thomas Jefferson did, and in do
ing so we represent a principle which
will struggle for recognition as long as
the government lives.
We stand for the doctrine that the
government should directly do whatever
it is charged with the power and the duty
of doing. We apply this principle par
ticularly to the making and distributing
of money.
The sovereign power in every state is
clothed with two functions which give to
the government terrific advantages over
the governed. The power to levy taxes,
and the power to create money, are the
tremendous concessions which the
people can make to their rulers.
Both these concessions are necessary to
good government, but an abuse of either
ruins the people. They can be taxed to
death, and their money system can be so
manipulated that a favored few of the
Capitalists reap all the fruits of the labor
of the unfavored millions.
We enter our protest against the griev
ous burden of taxation which has been
laid upon the people by wickedly corrupt
rulers; and we say that these taxes are
unequally distributed, and prodigally
spent.
We stand for the principle that the
government should create the money and
distribute it. We say that there is no
more business necessity for delegating to
the National Bankers, the sovereign pow
er to make and distribute the money, than
there would be in delegating to them the
power to levy, collect and disburse our
taxes.
The right to create and destroy money,
to regulate its value, its volume, and its
circulation, is as much a function of gov
ernment as the right to levy and collect
taxes.
Yet here we see in the United States
a hateful and oppressive system, by which
the governmental power of bossing the
money system is exercised by a handful
of New York Millionaires, who thus be
come masters of the people, and masters
of the government.
We enter our protest against this
-abominable system and will fight it to
the death, just as Jefferson did in his day,
and as Jackson did in his. If the Demo
cratic party, were not led by a lot of cow
ards, boodlers and demagogues, it would
arouse the masses into a storm of enthu-.
iasm by going back to the old-time Demo
cratic doctrine of “Down with the Na
tional Banks!”
We stand for the doctrine that a party
platform is a contract between the peo
ple and the representatives, and that the
representative is bound in honor to stand
by the platform, whether it suits his party
to do so or not. In other words, we
condemn and denounce the contemptible
doctrine that any man is excusable'for
violating his pledges to the people upon
the ground that a performance of the con
tract would “hurt the party.”
We hold that a party which can only
live by breaking its pledges deserves to
be “hurt” —fatally hurt.
We demand that public franchises be
taken away from private individuals —just
compensation being paid —and that they
be enjoyed by the public to whom they
rightfully belong.
We say that any system which allows
Corporation Highwaymen to stand in full
control of all the public iron-highways of
the country, and to demand tribute of
every traveler who*p asses ’ ou t j°i n t
with the times, out of touch with true
freedom of commerce, out of unison with
justice and the doctrine of equal rights,
out of touch with the doctrine that within
a state there should be no power greater
than the state.
We demand that the public roads be
owned by the public, just as they are
owned in all countries where legislation
is not openly bought with the money of
the Corporations, as is done with us.
We stand for the principle that our
republic can not survive upon the foun
dation laid by The Fathers, unless we
restore to the people the right to elect
all their rulers. Self-government is no
longer in existence when the people are
deprived of the choice of the office-hold
ers.
We demand that all wheels within
wheels be abolished, and that President,-
Senators, Judges, Solicitors, and all the
others, be elected by direct vote of the
people.
We demand honest elections; a resort
to the courts for the punishment of all
crimes; the abolition of the terrible con
vict lease system by which human beings
are being sold into revolting slavery; the
furnishing of the school books as well as
the school teacher; an income tax whereby
great fortunes may be effectively reached
by a graduated scale which lays on the
percentage of taxation more and more
heavily,, as the income grows bigger and
bigger.
Nothing can kill these principles. No
matter how many parties may be formed
and dissolved, no matter how many
times party names may change, these
principles are immortal and must finally
triumph, if our republic is to escape the
fate which, through special privilege,
overtook all of its great predecessors.