PAGE TWELVE
THE OPTIMISTIC BRISBANE.
Continued from Page 9.
George Washington did not disband his rag
ged heroes. No. The Father of his Country
was fond of himself, and had no hankering for
a term in the Tower of London, preparatory
to his kneeling at the headman’s block.
As to Andrew Jackson, Brother Brisbane is
off the track, entirely. For that period A. J.
had a handsome inheritance, a good education
and a corking time. If anybody ever got a
day of real work out of him, we would like to
know it. They tried to make him work with
a saddler, but couldn’t. He happened to stick
the awl into his leg, and he straightway rose up
in great agony and wrath, and he “swore and
be d—d” that he had had enough of the harness
and saddle business. He bought a fine horse,
gambled in various directions, got himself ap
pointed to an office, held on to it with admira
ble tenacity, and went from one soft snap to
another for pretty much the balance of his life.
As to Lincoln and Grant, —let’s give them
a rest. They’ve been overworked, here lately,
and February, with its torrents gushy-gush,
is yet to come.
By the bye, Brisbane, Hearst paying
you now, anyway? You told me four years
ago, that the honorarium was $47,500 per year;
but Col. Geo. Harvey, in Harper’s Weekly,
says that you get $75,000 per.
Almost any man could afford to be sunny on
$47,500 per annum, but if your salary has
climbed to $75,000, it is no wonder that you
take a cheerful view of things.
•S M *
Christmas Memories.
J. D. Watson.
“ ’Twas the night before Christmas,
When all through the house
Not a creature was stirring,
Not even a mouse.”
It was years ago when I first heard this story
of Santa Claus. How my eyes stretched, and
how hard it was for me to go to sleep that
night of nights to us children.
We tucked our heads under the cover and
tried to sleep (for we knew Santa would crack
us on the head if we watched for him), and
after awhile we dropped into “Fairyland.”
Then what pleasant dreams!
The next morning we were awake early—
and our dreams were realized. Before Father
or Mother were awake we had emptied our
DARE YOU DECLINE?
The plutocratic publications flood
ing the country in the form of great
dailies, weeklies and magazines, sub
sist upon the rewards that come from
special privileged classes whose in
terests are subserved by the distor
tion and suppression of THE
TRUTH. Yet the creators of wealth
all over the world at last pay all the
bills for said publications including
the enormous profits of predatory
wealth. In short, these publications
are printed and circulated for the
purpose of CONCEALING THE
TRUTH concerning vital issues from
the great plain people. The inevi
table result of this misinformation,
distortion and concealment of the
FACTS, unless counteracted, will be
the death of the Republic, and in its
place an armed plutocratic aris
tocracy, or a MONARCHY enthroned
upon and entrenched behind the dead
structure of a once glorious Republic.
To counteract these direful tenden
cies THE JEFFERSONIANS are do
ing more effective work than any
publications known, and I appeal to
stockings on their bed and were telling them
what Santa had brought.
• Those were happy days.
But how time flies.
We “tots” who tucked our heads under the
cover a few years ago to dream of Santa now
have little ones of our own who will pull the
night-cap off of mamma’s head and wake up
“daddy” to show what Santa has brought.
May Christmas be a happy one to you, little
folks, and to “papa” and “mamma” too.
And to Grandma and Grandpa we must give
thanks as we give to Santa, himself.
It is Grandma and Grandpa who tell Santa
what to bring.
They know what you want, for they know
what we once wrote Santa to bring us.
So after you show “what Santa has brought”
to mamma and papa, go to “grandma” and
“grandpa” and show it to them. They will
join with you in your pleasure.
Strands of gray may be seen in the older
folks’ heads, children, but they are still young
at heart and you “tots” can make Christmas a
happy time for them.
Mr. Bryan has lost a subscriber. In probing
around to discover what it was that beat him,
this time, he woke up the wrong passenger in
a man named Corey.
Says Mr. Corey in his reply to Mr. Bryan:
“I assign as the cause of your defeat the re
fusal of the intelligent American voters to burn
their hands a second time on the red-hot iron,
that of electing hungry Democratic office seek
ers to displace Republican salary grabbers and
treasury looters.
“This, Mr. Bryan, strikes me as perhaps the
leading cause. To have elected William J.
Bryan in either of his three candidacies, espe
cially the last, would have been to jump out of
the frying pan into the fire.
“Please stop The Commoner.”
It now appears that Major Moses Wetmore,
of the Bryan Finance Committee, consumed, in
meals, drinks and cigars, $999.85 of the Bryan
ite campaign fund. Why the Major stopped
short of an even thousand, we are not told.
Ain’t you glad you sent the Bryanites your
hard-earned cash, brother Democrat?
Delk, a switchman, tried to adjust the auto
matic couplers of two cars of the St. Louis and
San Francisco R. R. The couplers were out
every patriot who may read this to
rouse himself to ACTION AT ONCE
and do everything in his power to ex
tend the circulation of THE JEF
FERSONIANS. They should have
not less than FOUR MILLION SUB
SCRIBERS. You can spread the
light. You may not have money to
donate, but you have brains and can
walk and talk. Now, I appeal to
each of you to join me this week and
next in devoting TWO DAYS to se
curing subscribers to the Jefferso
nians. I am going to do it as an
OFFERING to the patriot we ad
mire and love, and the publications
wherewith he battles with surpassing
capacity and courage for the COM
MON RIGHTS OF COMMON PEO
PLE.
Now, you can do much. Will you?
Dare you decline? The time is full
of peril. Do your duty now, lest the
curses of children, living and yet to
be, fall upon your craven memory, as
they, beneath the burdens of slavery,
or as fugitives in fastnesses of moun
tain, forest and desert, hear the tra
ditions of a lost Republic.
Oscar Parker.
TSlje. Jeffersonian
CONTRIBUTIONS RECEIVED AT
THOMSON SINCE CLOSE OF
CAMPAIGN.
Miss Leonora Sheppard, Ten-
nille, Ga $ .50
Dr. J. W. Nichols, Deßidder,
La 1.00
Miss Currie, Aquilla, Texas.. 1.05
John Surles, Sr., Putnam,
Texas . 6.00
C. W. Alliston, Madison, Ga... .50
C. T. Jones, Madison, Ga 50
W. H. Butts, Madison, Ga 50
W. N. Reese, Aquilla, Texas.. 1.00
Eli Gregory, Aquilla, Texas .. 1.00
Will Smith, Aquilla, Texas ... 2.00
Henry Currie, Aquilla, Texas. 2.00
W. Smith, Logansport, Ind... .50
J. B. Williams, 'Sandersville,
Ga 1.00
L. L. Winter, Rte 1, Augusta,
Ga 1.50
B. T. Collins, Ellisville, Miss..’ 1.00
C. C. Harris, Eclectic, A1a.... 1.00
B. F. Smith, Terza, Miss 40
John Caldwell, Greenville, Ga. 1.00
P. W. Fulgham, Maben, Miss.s 1.00
W. R. Ellis, R. F. D., Arnolds-
ville, Ga *.... 1.00
of order, Delk was injured by reason of this
defect unknown to him, and he sued for dam
ages. The Circuit Court of Appeals held that
the law, while it requires the road to use auto
matic couplers, does not require it to keep them
in good order. ♦
How can the people have any confidence in
the courts when they render decisions like this ?
It reminds me of the ruling in favor of the
Express Companies during the Spanish War.
Congress, intending to tax these rich robbers,
included them in the special tax act, requiring
them to affix a stamp on every package.
The companies bought a ruling to the effect
that the only duty of the express companies
was to affix the stamp, WHICH THE SHIP
PER HAD TO FURNISH!
Thus the express companies escaped and the
shippers were double taxed.
Mrs. Lillie D. Blake, of New York, address
ing the Society of Political Study at the Astor
House, declared that she would not mind hav
ing negro blood in her veins.
Is Lillie a mustee-fino, or has she even less
negro blood in her veins than one-sixteenth?
Mr. Taft, in his thanksgiving message to the
American people, advised us “not to rush upon
prosperity.”
Well, who’s rushing?
Prosperity isn’t rushing on us, and we are
not rushing on prosperity. If we only knew
where prosperity was, we would be willing to
compromise by going to it in a mild trot.
New York City is in the absolute control of
the Democratic machine, and has long been so.
It is groaning under an interest-bearing debt
of one billion dollars. This debt continues to
roll over and get bigger like a huge ball of
snow.
The city government is as rotten as it is ex
travagant. The Democrats themselves say so.
Yet the Tammany bosses who have robbed
New York until its debt is almost as large as
that of the Federal Government, dictate candi
dates and platforms for the Democratic party
of the nation, in the hope that they may get
the chance to loot the nation as they loot New
York City.
Ain’t you proud of what you don’t know
about your party, brother Democrat?
Mrs. Farmer —And you say that
the last man you worked for was Si
Higgins?
Rambling Resteasy—No, ma’am. I
said dat he wuz de last man dat em
ployed me. —Chicago News.
CHRISTMAS GREETING.
The Autumn leaves of red and gold
have fallen to their earthly
beds,
The melancholy breeze blows over
our Southern land,
And the modest violets show their
tiny blue heads,
And Christmas is greeted by the
children’s band.
The tinkling of sleigh bells is heard
from the crisp, frosty hills,
And laughter and mirth rings out
so joyful and gay,
And echoes through the forest as they
pass over the frozen rills,
And greets each other on this
Christmas day.
May Burnley.
(15 years old.)
Dublin, Ga., Dec., 1906.