Self-Sharpening Shears FREE
—JfescllL™ Ak /)
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly subscription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine we will, if requested at the time, mail this handsome pair of patent tension,
self-sharpening shears, 8 inches long, made of the finest steel and beautifully finished.
On each dollar subscription you can have your choice of the Watson knife or these shears, and if you subscribe
for both Jeffersonians, paying two dollars,we will, on request, send both premiums.
that the Protestant missionary has
to face!”
HOT WEATHER HINTS.
“Keep in the shade.” Don’t over
do.” “Put a wet towel about the
head,” are some of the hot weather
hints that appear in the papers from
day to day. Across the street on
the hottest days I see men carrying
and laying brick; from farther down
comes the din of hammers and
screech of saws; looking out the
back windows I see women wmshing
and ironing and caring for children;
and I think of the men in the fields
working in the hot sun and women
preparing dinner for them in the
heat of the day. “Hot Weather
Hints” must be humorous reading to
these busy people.
Up to a certain point we stand the
heat better at work than if idle. We
may not suffer as much making jelly
in the kitchen as sitting on the
front porch talking about the heat.
Nor is this altogether due to the
mental state. It has a physical ba
sis. Habitual exercise keeps the
functions normal and the free per
spiration relieves the system.
It is true, however, that nature de
mands a slower pace when the sun’s
rays beat directly down than when
they come aslant.
The constitutional difference in
folks North and South is the result of
climate. What is true in permanent
adaptation has its lesson for tempo
rary adjustment. Long days of
overtaxing work in extreme heat is
not only an immediate risk, but tends
to break the health and to age the
body.
If we could only be satisfied to
go a little slower and have a little
less, what a large ultimate gain in
joy of living!
“Less to eat” would seem to me
one of the most rational hot weather
hints for women generally to con
sider. Not less than is necessary to
properly nourish the individulal and
the family, but less kinds, less work.
Experience proves that large, strong,
enduring races of men are raised on
simple diet; the Scotch on oat meal,
the Irish on potatoes, the Norwegian
on bread.
It is not long since we all thought
we must have meat and potatoes for
breakfast. We find a shredded wheat
biscuit or a dish of oatmeal just as
satisfying from every standpoint.
The next step is to simplify the third
meal, —supper or lunch.
We used to think on the farm we
must have something “hearty” for
men w r ho worked in the fields. But
since we have begun to consider
“food-values,” we know that if a
woman spends all day she can not
with all her thought and labor, pre
pare a supper so wholesome, nourish
ing and well adapted to the needs of
all her family in hot weather, as a
Bowl of Bread and Milk. Most men
like it. I read recently in a Wash
ington paper that the Senate restau
rant could not be made to pay during
the hot spell, because Senators would
not take anything except bread and
milk lunches, —even the famous Sen
ate pie was neglected.
But, women say, even if it suits the
family, there is always company to be
considered. We have outgrown this
objection to the simpler breakfast.
We find if we prepare something ex
tra for guests, they do not care for
it, because their standards are the
same as ours. It is a matter of edu
cation. It takes time. Let’s all be
teachable.
Children appreciate being released
from the restraint of the table in sum
mer time. If allowed to eat out of
doors they will accept and enjoy a
sandwich or bread and milk, better
than a course dinner. Encourage
them and follow their example. It is
a good beginning.—La Follette’s.
Waiting For a Full Crop.
A new postoffice was established in
a small village away out West, and
a native of the soil was appointed
postmaster. After a while complaints
were made that no mail was sent out
from the new office, and an inspector
was sent to inquire in to the matter.
He called upon the postmaster, and
stating the cause of his visit, asked
why no mail had been sent out. The
postmaster pointed to a big and near
ly empty mail-bag hanging up in a
corner, and said: “Well, I ain’t sent
it out ’cause the bag ain’t nowheres
nigh full yet.”—Harper’s Bazar.
Turning the Other Cheek.
While Rutherford B. Hays was a
college student he went out walking
one day with two of his chums and
met an old farmer coming along the
road. The future President address
ed him in this manner:
“Good morning, Father Isaac!”
Zsl)fc 'SeffersoiUan
Then his two friends spoke to the
old tiller of the soil, one calling him
Father Abraham and the other Fath
er Jacob.
“Gentlemen, you are mistaken.”
said the old man solemnly. “I am
neither Abraham, Isaac, nor Jacob,
but Saul, the son of Kish, who was
sent out to find his father’s asses,
and 10, he has found them.”—Judge.
Bacon—“ Business pretty dull in
your department store, isn't it?”
Egbert—“No, indeed; we’re very,
f Guarantee fa ture
> iOF STAY CURED! \ WT/
Ba It is also called SALT Wgk ,J \J
VXS.H RHEUM, SCALD HEAD, JF
<Ot / TETTER, ITCH, WEEPINC m AV
ZHh-F SKIN, MILK CRUST, PRU- who
IffdllU RlTUS—these are different treats nothing
names, but all mean one but eczema.
thing—ECZEMA. ■MMHMR
a A EmETS? TDIAI Reliable Beyond Question I
• R Uli fc; Ifami HnßaalLi This is a. statement from the
Just to show you that you need my treatment. It is yours for tvhwre 771 are done business
the asking. If you have been to other Doctors, if you have C done business M
taken patent medicine, and used lotions and salves till you are J
disgusted, write to me—l will send you ABSOLUTELY FREE ■»
OF CHARGE, A TRIAL TREATMENT. There are no strings c7t«« s \7t.onau
to this statement. There is not one cent to pay—not a penny | ;°**® oo °
fl accepted. I know what my trial treatment will do; I know
gag that it will convince you more than anything else on earth that scoaua.ho.
you need my treatment. February 11th, 1908* I
HH Oon 9 t Miss This Chstncc for* 3 Cufc to whom it may cohcbrn:
If you are SUFFERING FROM ECZEMA you can only be Thia certifies that
■ cured one way— REMOVE THE CAUSE. What is the Dr- Cannaday's patlente, from all
cause? ACID IN THE BLOOD. How do you remove it? By over the United States, have been
cleansing the blood of the ACID. placing their money In this bank
My treatment is soothing—relieves the dreadful itching at ’hile they tried his treatment on
■ Once and cures the disease quickly. You don’t have to take In all this time we have
treatment for months and months. ONLY ONE CASE IN TEN been osllod u P° n but five times
needs the second treatment—ONE IN FIFTY needs the third t 0 retura the Patients money.
—think of that! One dlod before the
x a- a treatment was shipped; two did not I
WhSil fcCZGma is est ths treatment aa it was lost
, , in transit; one paid cash for tha Bl
■ Eczema is a,disease of the blood and affects all parts of the treatment three days late~ after
body—the face, lips, ears, hands, feet; genital organ, etc. getting her money; and one was not I
B SYMPTOMS. — Yellowish red eruption; the pimples or patches may jaatlafled.
swell and the itching is so great the person will scratch the top off, then . w /I *
B they bleed and dark scales form; there is an oozing of matter. In some Z /c( r
’ ■ the skin, cracks and bleeds. Itching is terrible; a person suffering will /uXzr'.
B scratch till they bleed. Scales form on parts of the body, where the cloth- -ys , H
inp comes in contact. , j"”, p jft'
Ten Years Guarantee
■ I positively Guarantee that every case cured by me will stay *
cured 10 YEARS! It must be good or it could not be sold this way.
Strong as Rock of Gibraltar \
lam a graduate from two leading medical schools. I am the holder of a GOLD |‘'
MEDAL taken in Competitive Examination. Does this not show that lam fully
B qualified? I will send you my book, showing endorsements of business men S 642*
»’ j of all classes. Also testimonials and pictures from cured patients every-
Where. Some of them may be YOUR NEIGHBORS.
SaV'S Dr. J. E. ■
B MY BOOK I
Is the most complete book ever sent out. I explain every Sedalia, - Mo.:
form of the disease plainly and fully. I show pictures of Please »end without cost to
many severe cases, which are extremely interesting, me prepaid Free trial treatment
I send you names of thousands who have been V" also copy of your Free Book.
■ cured and are grateful.
DR. J. E. CANNADAY Name
Sedalia, Mo.
Treatment and literature sent in plain wrapper. ' B
very busy.”
Bacon—“ Doing what?”
Egbert—“ Taking the heads off
Teddy bears and putting possum
heads on the bodies.” —Yonkers
Statesman.
Staylaight—“Oh, Miss Wobbins,
may I come to see you again?”
Miss Wobbins—“Well, I can not
see how you can very well, unless you
go this time!” —Life.
Mr. Watson's reply to the Secre
tary of War, under the heading, “Is
the South Glad It Lost?” in the Au
gust number of Watson’s Magazine, is
well worth a year’s subscription.
Judge—“ You are a freeholder?”
Talesman —“Yes, sir; I am."
“Married or single?”
“Married three years last June.”
“Have you formed or expressed
any opinion?”
“Not for three years, your honor.”
—Success.
IE YOU ARE
ANTI-CATHOLIC
Subscribe now to the AMERICAN
WHIP, Lancaster, Pa.
Price: 50c a Year.
Leaf Tobacco For Sale
Fine to chew and smoke. Grown
by a deep-dyed-in-the-wool Populist
and firm believer in Thomas E. Wat
son’s deathless principles. Write for
prices to
W. L. PARKS,
R. F. D. 1. Adams. Tenn.
PAGE FIFTEEN