PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLAN
The spectacle of a general boycott of meat,
which has actually resulted in lowering the
price in a few cities, is one of
Has the
Limit Been
Reached t
but as a matter of direct em
phasis and protest against the increased cost
of living, it may have a powerful effect.
People will not act, until they have leaders
who give them something definite to do.
People will not think, even, until concrete
examples are brought right home to them.
If the American public is aroused on the
subject of pork and beef, it will logically lead
to “ham and”, sinkers and coffee; and per
chance to a consideration of all the other
things comprehended under the term of nec
essaries.
Meat, after all. isn’t the most expensive
article of diet—but it is. apparently, pecu
liarly exasperating to pay more for it than
it is worth, than to pay more than their
value for other commodities. Why this is
so is not for the ordinary mind to compre
hend, but it /S so, and the agitation must
lead to some good results.
AH sects, all denominations, all persons can
agree upon the broad proposition that we’ve
got to eat —something. And to decrease the
supply of meat upon the table means that we
must have more cereals, fruits, vegetables and
breadstuffs. These will inevitably become
higher than they are now, because of the
purely legitimate result of demand. So, a
general strike against the packers will only
redound to the benefit of the millers, can
ners. etc.
Congress DARE not repudiate' its own
tariff bill. It DARE not admit to the people
that its continual favoring of trusts and cor
porations has left the masses powerless
against extortion. An “investigation" that
seeks to turn the public mind from the true
cause of our growing deprivation and penury,
and that will palter with such trivial inci
dental features as “the tide of immigration
from the farms to the towns” will be worse
than a farce—it will be an insult to average
intelligence. What has made the farm un
profitable, unattractive? The implement
trusts, which make the farmer of America
pay twice as much for his machinery as our
patriotic American manufacturers sell them
for to foreigners: the import duties, which
make the farmer pay exorbitant prices for
sugar, tea. coffee, and all stuffs not raised on
our own soil; the packers, who grind down
the price of beeves, hogs, chickens, milk, eggs;
the railroads, which fatten upon extortion
ate freight rates; and the rest of the greedy
clan who take from the farmer each year a
higher toll. No, from Congress will proceed
no true opinion of the cause of high prices.
It is for the people to figure out this problem
for themselves, and learn, at last—that they
have put in office year after year their be
trayers, and that famine exists today as the
ultimate result of their own negligence and
cowardly fear that “confidence” would be dis
turbed and business suffer.
For years—decades—the average voter has
been bludgeoned by the interests through this
threat : “If we don't get our loaf, you’ll not
get your crumb.” Now, even the crumb is
vanishing, despite his patient subservience,
his timid dependence upon his G. O. P. gods
to provide for him, so long as he did his little
boot-licking stunt dutifully every four years!
What will be the end? Concessions from
the G. (). P. High-Tariff and Gold-Standard
gods, or revolution?
the most amazing things to
develop within recent years.
Practically, it is an absurdity,
Gb* 3effersont<m
So far as can now be known, the result of
the British elections will give a Liberal ma
jority only by the alliance be-
England’s
Elections
Almost a
Tie.
ing victory for Lloyd-George
may not lie without other compensations,
however. His budget will undoubtedly be
approved, but the Liberal policies can only
become effective through the acquiescence of
the Irish vote —and that should give to John
Redmond precisely the leverage required to
force the issue of Irish Home Rule. The
conservatives can draw a breath of relief be
cause they will get through with mere de
moralization—not utter annihilation; but it
will give them serious pause by having had
an object lesson of an aroused popular will.
If there has been any real truth in the con
tention heretofore that the British aristocrat
felt a civic responsibility based upon noblesse
oblige, it will undoubtedly be strengthened
in future by a sterner sense of personal ne
cessity: and if there has been no truth in the
contention, the civic conscience will assuredly
have been definitely created.
We have a system of checks and balances
that, latterly, don’t seem to do much check
ing, or balancing. But in England the see
saw between aristocracy and commoners has
at least undergone such a violent agitation
that the Peers realize that if they go too far
above the popular will, they will come down
with a bang: and those who are in danger of
pushing radicalism so far that it actually
slops over into Socialism are apt to hit the
ground with a “dull, sickening thud”. Cer
tain elements in England tend to Socialism,
just as they do in America, because misery
is so great that they could see no way out
of it save by paternalistic palliatives. But
there always is the sure and true mien: de
strov special privilege, and poverty, with its
need for old-age pensions, eleemosynary in
stitutions, annuities, soup kitchens, etc., dis
appears: destrov monopoly, and the masses
will get what they deserve, according to in
dividual merit and industry. We will never
have Utopia so long as death, disease, acci
dent and selfishness (which last is the basis
of all sin and crime) exist in the world. But
laws that will result in fair opportunity for
each individual to get his share of comfort
and happiness are really scientifically simple.
The clouds of ignorance and disagreement
are still heavy, but the light of this great
truth is breaking through.
John R. Walsh, another banker guilty of
offenses similar to those which finally sent
Chas. W. Morse to the pen.
Another Sly
Trick to
Defeat
Justice.
the usual gamut of the law’s delays.
It is now hinted that another like case, that
of F. A. Heinze, has brought out a new’ tech
nicality upon which all three men may per
haps escape the penalty. This is the ground
that an accountant, a person not authorized
bv law’ to be concerned in the matter, aided
the prosecution. Although, without the aid
of such expert accountant, these unscrupu
lous and skillful rascals might not have been
convicted by ordinary methods, efforts will
be made to bring the entire proceedings to
naught. Which is equivalent to saying that
if an expert accountant is required to eluci
date to the jury the methods by which an ex
pert thief made his stealings, the expert
tween them and several other
factions, as the Unionist gains
in the past week have been
heavy. This failure of a sweep-
is now T a convict at the Fed
eral Prison at Leavenworth.
Kansas, after long and ex
haustive efforts to put him
there, trials and re-trials and
thief shall have the benefit of a technical
ruling that such an assistant may not be per
mitted the prosecuting attorney. In a mur
der trial, expert medical testimony may be
introduced for both sides, and in a damage
suit expert machinists may explain matters
not within the knowledge of the legal pro
fession, or the jury. But “finance” seems to
be another realm, altogether, in which the
defense must not be hampered, while the
prosecution can call nothing logically neces
sary to its assistance.
The Ballinger-Pinchot controversy con
tinues to occupy a much greater share of pub
lic attention than it should be
Ballinger
Had Better
“Clear”.
of the important work of conservation, but
Richard Achilles Ballinger still goes blaring
his defenses of himself, and his insolent
charges of “muckraking’’ about others,
through the country.
It is strange that" neither he, nor Mr. Taft,
appreciates the position this controversy
places the entire administration in. Mr.
Ballinger was merely an appointee of Mr.
Taft. As such, the simple fact that he is the
object of distrust, suspicion and investiga
tion is more than sufficient to suggest the be
comingness of his resignation. If he had
been elected, and any party were? strongly
insistent upon his vindication from charges
growing out of mere partisan political dis
like. even then he should step out of office
pending the result of investigation. As it is,
he can embarrass no one but the man by
whose unwise preference he was elevated to
his position, and no stubbornness on the
President’s part should alter Mr. Ballinger
in a gentlemanly purpose of resigning.-
From the first, Ballinger has been a detri
ment. a man in nowise capable of shedding
any credit upon the Cabinet. Mr. Pinchot
is untainted, and his enemies have simply
succeeded in contributing greatly to the es
teem in which people of all parties hold him.
No inquiry whatever will change the essen
tial truth that Ballinger is, as a man, unfit,
and Pinchot able to stand the acid test.
When a man reaches such point that his pub
lic work is necessarily subordinated to his
private defense, he should go “for the good
of the service”.
The Bennet-Sabeth bill, designed to pre
vent the “white-slave” traffic, has just passed
Congress by a good majority.
The “White-
Slave” Bill
Passes.
merce law’, a very strange sort of construction
to place upon a scope of that law. The im
migration laws are to be amended so as to ex
clude persons who are engaged in any way
with the ‘"white-slave” trade, and immoral
aliens are to be made liable to deportation at
any time, there being no limit to the right of
deportation. Tt is also made a crime, subject
to heavy penalties, for any person to procure
ticket for any other person to go from one
State to another to engage in white-slavery.
This bill springs doubtless from a pure
motive on the part of Congress to do away
with the evil, although some of its provisions
seem of questionable wisdom. The bill would
have done better to provide for strict regu
lation of immigration, and let so-called
interstate provisions alone. Such moral
measures as these must rest with the con
sciences of the people, and the police powers
permitted to have. Mr. Pin
chot has come out strongly
against allowing any personal
differences to stand in the way
e 7 • ' J v
This bill really is made so as
to place the transportation of
women for immoral purposes
under the interstate com-