PAGE TWELVE
THE STRAY DOG NUISANCE.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
night and da)' —for such a dog is neces
sarily a menace to life and property.
In the summer time, even those dogs
which are kept at home by the owners
should be muzzled. This is particularly
advisable in the case of Collies, Setters
and thick-haired flee. “Mongrels of low
degree,” commonly known as “nigger
dogs,” are especially dangerous and
ought to be exterminated, on general
principles.
Possibly, you will think this an ill-na
tured editorial —but wait until some ter
rible case of hydrophobia comes within
your immediate knowledge, and you’ll
think differently.
The other day a dear lady-friend sent
us the photograph of a handsome and in
telligent little boy, named after “Tom
Watson.” Playing about the yard with
a pet dog, the boy was suddenly and sav
agely bit by the dog.
Think of the consternation and the ter
ror of that Georgia household ! The fran
tic father rushed to Atlanta with his
child, to get the Pasteur treatment —leav-
ing the bed-ridden mother in agonized
suspense, at home.
What happened to this family may hap
pen to yours.
Keep your dog at home, and muzzle
him in hot weather.
Shoot the stray dog—for it is no longer
a harmless domestic animal, but a half
wild creature that will soon be wolfish in
its every instinct and appetite.
* * *
BLIND TOM A MYSTERY.
New York, June 16. —Only a few persons
gathered at Campbell’s undertaking rooms
in West Twenty-third street yesterday when
funeral services were held for the pianist.
Blind Tom, as Thomas Wiggins, the negro
player, was called. Mrs. Eliza B. Lerche, of
62 Twelfth street, Hoboken, attended with her
two children. Several white variety perform
ers, who had appeared with Blind Tom at
different times, were present. Several of his
own race, who had not known him but had
heard him play, or, at all events, knew of his
reputation, came to see the body.
Rev. G. W. Downs, of the Eighteenth Street
Methodist Church, read a brief service, and
“Nearer, My God, to Thee” was played on
a wheezy, little organ. Three modest wreaths
lay on the coffin. The funeral party started
in two carriages to follow the body to Ever
green Cemetery, where the interment was.
Looked Young in Death.
I'wo negro women, who had known Blind
Tom when he played twelve years ago, attend
ed the services. They viewed the body and
thought they recognized the same face, al
though the man looked much younger than
they had supposed Blind Tom would look.
“I knew Blind Tom well,” said J. T. Miller,
who stood with a group of mourners after the
services, “and met him first thirty-five years
ago. He looks now about the same as he did
then. It is incredible that the man I knew,
the famous Blind Tom, should look so young.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
1 am ah actor, and used frequently to meet
Blind-. Tom on my travels. The man I saw
buried here today looks only a few years older
than the. man I used to meet.”
The Lerche Family, with whom the pianist
had lived for so many years, had started for
the cemetery before this conversation began,
and nobody else present knew enough about
the pianist’s history to say whether the man
in the coffin was the real Blind Tom. All
agreed that he looked very young to have
been well known for such a long time.
“Not the Real Blind Tom.”
“I know the man who was buried today,”
said a woman who spoke with a strong English
accent, and refused to give her name. “I
have often appeared with him in Hoboken
concert halls in the last few years. He called
himself Blind Tom, but I do not believe he
was the real Blind Tom. He had often spoken
to me about the real Blind Tom and told me
of many of his peculiarities. He told me
Blind Tom was an imbecile, while this man
was unusually intelligent. He often spoke
of his desire to go to Europe, and told me that
the other Blind Tom had been fortunate
enough to go there and play before royalty.
The man buried today was under fifty.
“He lived in Hoboken and was brought
to and from the theater every night by a young
man about twenty. For some years past he
has been playing the piano in different music
halls in Hoboken.”
Mrs. Lerche, who lives in an apartment
house at 62 Twelfth street, Hoboken, could
not be seen. Although she had been living
at that address for five years her name has
never been put on the doorplate and she has
removed the electric bell from the door of her
apartments. Her neighbors in other apart
ments said last night that she never answers
the bell and that all her groceries are left in
a basket set for the purpose outside of the
door of her apartment.
Known Only to Few.
Although fifty families live in the same
apartment house the fact that an old negro
who played beautifully upon the piano was
living in Mrs. Lerche’s apartment on the
second floor was known only by rumor. Only
once had any of the other tenants seen Blind
Toni in the past five years, and that was only
for a minute last summer, when they saw
Mrs. Lerche. lead him to a closed carriage
when she was going to her summer home at
Navesink Highlands.
On several occasions the janitor has been
called into Mrs. Lerche’s apartments to do
some tinkering, but never did he see the blind
musician. He only heard him moving around
in a bed room.
Those of the tenants who live near Mrs.
Lerche’s apartment say that for the last
%
The Weekly Jeffersonian of July 16th will
contain full report of the great meeting at
Atlanta on July 9th and a verbatim report of
Mr. Watson’s speech. Single copies, 5 cents.
Bundles of 10 copies, 25 cents. Send in your
orders at once .to the Jeffersonian, Thomson,
Ga., for extra copies. Special rates to Wat
son Clubs,
five years and up to within the last two months
they had been accustomed to hear at all hours
exquisite piano music sounding from the
Lerche apartment. Sometimes late at night
the music would suddenly begin and continue
for several minutes. Very few of those who
live in the apartment building knew that
it was Blind Tom who had been playing until
they read of his death in the papers Sunday.
—Washington Post.
TAFT IS NOT AN ATHEIST.
The religion of Secretary Taft having been
brought into public notice recently, particu
larly through the statement that lie was not a
churchman of any sort, but an atheist, the
following announcement was made yesterday
to set these matters at rest J
“Secretary Taft is of a Unitarian family,
his father and mother both being Unitarians,
his grandmother having joined the Unitarian
movement with the famous Dr. Channing.
Secretary Taft, like his father before him,
was a member of the Unitarian Church of
Cincinnati. He has a pew, and attends the
services of the Unitarian Church at Fourteenth
and L streets, this city, of which the Rev.
Dr. Pierce is pastor.
“He sometimes goes with Mrs. Taft, who,
like her family, is Episcopalian, to St. John’s
Episcopal Church, which she attends, and
where she has a pew. Their daughter was
confirmed in this church last year. In the
summer, at Murray Bay, for the last sixteen
years, Mr. Taft has taken particular interest
in the union chapel of the Presbyterian and
Episcopal churches, where he has attended
every Sunday for the three months of -his
vacation. ’ ’ —Washington Post.
THE PEOPLE’S FORUM.
Religious Views of Presidents.
To the Editor of The World:
I was amused to read in your paper the
letter of Mr. D. B. Evans, of Pittsburg, in
quiring whether William H. Taft is a Unita
rian, and stating that if so he should no| be
nominated for the Presidency, since “we can
not hope to elect an unbeliever at a general
election to the Presidency of a Christian
country. ’ ’
It may be of interest to Mr. Evans to learn
that a Unitarian—or ‘ 4 unbeievler, ’ ’ as he calls
him—in the White House is by no means an
unusual thing. I beg to inform him, as a
simple matter of history, that John Adams,
the second President, and John Quincy Adams,
the sixth President, were both Unitarians,
their bodies today reposing side by side in the
Unitarian Church in Quincy, Mass.; that
Thomas Jefferson, the third President, was a
Unitarian, and that Millard Fillmore, the
thirteenth President, was a Unitarian.
I would also remind Mr. Evans that Abra
ham Lincoln, although not a professed Unita
rian, was an “unbeliever,” according to every
orthodox test that could be applied. In view
of such well known historical facts as these
it would seem rather late in the day to protest
'against the election of a Unitarian to the
Presidency of these United States. In closing
may I thank you for your dignified and con- *