PAGE TWELVE
ABUSES CREEPING INTO THE
COMMON SCHOOL SYSTEM.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
has no prejudice whatever against teach
ers or school boards. It fell to his lot
to get ‘‘a raking over the coals” now and
then, after he had “disciplined” some ob
streperous vonngster who wasn’t quite
the model of proprietv that his fond pa
rent supposed him to be —but there was
never the thought of expelling the child
because the parent had exercised the right
of free speech.
A cat may continue to look at a king,
we suppose, but a widow must be ex
tremelv careful how she speaks to one of
the school marms, or the fatherless chil
dren will be thrown out of school'
Can such arbitrary, such cruel, such
lawless cruelty be possible in the Com
mon Schools of Georgia?
Without a trial, without a hearing,
without the verdict of an impartial jury
which has been enlightened on the law by
an upright judge, LITTLE CHILDREN
OF THIS STATE ARE BEING DE
PRIVED OF THEIR VESTED RIGHT
TO GO TO THE FREE SCHOOLS.
Ah, gentlemen of the Boards of Educa
tion, you take a fearful responsibility
when you close the doors of the public
school-house to the little ones for whose
benefit they were opened. The children
are not to blame if their parents are un
popular, or are rude to a teacher, or do
not belong to the clique which controls
the school. The children ought not to be
punished for what they did not do and
could not help.
The genius of our law r jealously guards
the rights of the individual, and no man
can be punished for any offense, no mat
ter how trivial, until he has had a fair
trial. Nor can he be deprived of any prop
erty, however insignificant, without due
process of law.
Yet, our School Boards punishing both
the parent and the child—inflicting the se
verest .penalties upon both —without any
hearing or any trial at all.
Acting as witness, judge, and jury in
his own case, the teacher condemns the
parent for misconduct and penalizes the
innocent child by driving it from the
State’s School for the poor.
If this isn’t wrong, nothing is wrong.
R R R
The Gubernatorial Campaign in
Georgia.
The Hoke Smith Committee has had its
special meeting and. having safely reach
ed the top of the hill, slid down again. In
other words, if it was called together for
any serious purpose, somebody changed
somebody’s mind, and the thing that was
intended was not done. To say that Law
ton Miller called the whole Committee to
gether to settle a local dispute in Glynn
Comity, deceives nobody.’
When Chairman Miller issued his call
there is no doubt that the intention was
to postpone the early primary, so as to
make the date conform to Hoke Smith’s
Campaign pledges. Also, to make a
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
change in the recent revolutionary ruling
of the Committee which almost obliter
ates the small Counties.
But underground operations have been
going on, and the reform Committee was
convinced that it had better let Ring Rule
proceed to its destined end.
Therefore, the Committee having
marched up to Atlanta, solemnly agon
ized over the ailments of Glynn, and then
marched away again.
We hope that Glynn now feels better.
R
We wonder whether Hoke Smith is
really making many votes by ridiculing
Joe Brown’s personal appearance and de
nouncing his father. We doubt it. Few
men antagonized the late Joseph E.
Brown more bitterly than did this writer,
but we should consider it unfair to at
tack the son because of the public record
of the father, just as we think it unfair
for any opponent of Hoke Smith to make
capital out of the fact that Hoke’s father
is a New Englander.
Why drag the old folks into the scrim
mage? Why not let old Mr. Brown and
old Mr. Smith rest in peace?
R
A very serious blunder, perhaps, is
Hoke’s constant nagging at “Little Joe”
about his personal appearance. How can
any man help his looks? We can’t all be
magnificent specimens of manly grace
and beauty as Hoke is, however much
we’d like to be. Comparatively few are
so opulently endowed with the fascina
tions of the Apollo Belvidere —as is our
gigantic Hoke. Most mortals must of ne
cessity worry along with such mugs and
figures as the Good God chose to give us.
Some of us are only middlin’, when it
comes to looks, and some of us are real
homely, and some of us are as ugly as
the devil.
Now when Hoke, a resplendent type of
the human form divine, towers before an
audience and says, in effect:
“Look at me, and you will then under
stand why, if you saw Joe Brown, you
would not vote for him —”
He makes a thrust that isn’t fair, and
which may prove hurtful to himself. “Lit
tle zXlec” Stephens wasn’t much to look
at; nor was Jefferson Davis; nor “Little
loe” Wheeler.
R
Is it true, as stated in the Georgian,
that the Atlanta Journal, Hoke’s organ,
refused to publish “Little Joe’s” state
ment to the people of Georgia, until
he agreed to pay about $l2O for it?
If so, it is but another proof of the fact
that unfair methods always hurt those
who use them. Having published Hoke’s
announcement free, the Journal should
have published Brown’s free.
The people of Georgia love a fair fight,
and they generally sympathize with the
man who is. not given an equal showing. "
The Jeffersonian practices what it
preaches, and when Livingston’s friends
asked us to publish a statement giving
their side of the Fairburn incident, we did
so, promptly and unconditionally,
Yet we honestly believe it to be a ca
lamity to Georgia that the Atlanta district
is represented in Congress by such a man
as we know Livingston to be.
R
Judge Hines, Attorney to our enlarged
and high-priced Railroad Commission,
has been out on the stump making
speeches for our absentee Governor.
The Judge is a mighty good lawyer,
and knows how to make a good speech on
a mighty poor case.
Here is a conundrum:
How many months during the year
could we afford to leave the office of Gov
ernor without a tenant?
Here’s another:
If the state really needs no more of
the Governor’s time than it is now get
ting, why should it pay for more?
And here’s one more!
If Governor Smith wasn’t sincere in
that matter of the early primary, why did
he make such positive promises about it
in the last campaign; and if he was sin
cere, why did he flop?
R
To Hon. S. G. McLendon:
Now, Guyt, you sit still! Don’t you
burst into oratory, too.
You really must stay in your office and
figure out, once more, that saving of 500,-
000 bales of cotton that the people were
going to get when me and you and Hoke
whipped the Old Gang. The way you
figured it all out was real beautiful, Mac,
and you must do it again.
All we expect, now, is the figures. Dur
ing our glorious campaign of 1906 we did
expect to get at least a part of the cotton.
Ain’t expectin’ of that now. Will be
thankful just to see the figures, once
more, before we die.
R
Is it true that President Findley,
and Barbour Thompson, of the South
ern Railroad, had a secret confer
ence with Gov. Smith and Guyt McLen
don, in the Majestic Hotel, a few nights
ago ?
We are so informed. Night meetings,
in private rooms, between railroad mag
nates and high state officers are very
interesting things.
Would it be impertinent to inquire of
the Governor and of Guyt what was “the
object of the meeting”?
Take a seat, Guyt, and tell us all about
it.
R
For a man who doesn’t do any public
talking himself, “Little Joe” has a won
derful talent for making the other fel
lows spout.
Not only has he got Hoke going at a
forty-knot pressure, but there’s Hooper
Alexander and Judge Hines charging
around. Rube Arnold is said to be re
freshing his memory by glancing at his
1906 speeches, and Hon. Tom Hardwick
is mentioned sci “speaker’s place.”
As Napoleon said, after breaking up
the cotillon by his awkwardness, “My
forte consists not so much in dancing my-