Knowing human nature as you do, can’t you
see. that in losing the man in the mass, you
strike at the egoism that is as universal and
eternal as the law of gravitation? Whenever
a man ceases to be moved by the prospect of
distinction—he might as well be dead. He
isn’t worth hell’s room after that. Take out
the egoism of the boy, the girl, the man, the
woman, —and you have left nothing that will
steer the boat into a course of its own.
Socialism proposes to sink the man into the
mass—THEREBY LOSING ALL THAT
IS BEST IN THE MAN, AND CONSE
QUENTLY LOWERING THE VALUE
OF THE MASS.
(3) Again, Socialism is at war with the
one-wife system. American Socialists, as a
general thing, deny this hotly. But it is true,
nevertheless.
Upton Sinclair, who is recognized as one of
the most intellectual of Socialist leaders and
authors, boldly admits that he is against the
institution of marriage.
Herr Bebel has been for many years the
most prominent of European Socialists. He
certainly ought to “know what Socialism is”.
In Bebel’s book, “Woman Under Socialism”,
he not only takes the Sinclair stand against
marriage, but teaches that absolute Free Love,
or sexual promiscuity, is the change which
Socialism will bring about in the relation of
the sexes.
The Christian Socialist, a periodical pub
lished in Chicago, says that many leading So
cialists advocate Free Love, “and there is rea
son to believe that the charge that men and
women prominent in the Socialist movement
practice Free Love, is true.”
How could it be otherwise under a system
which puts no responsibility for support on
husbands and fathers, does away with the
importance of knowing who is the father of
the child, requires wives and mothers and chil
dren to look directly to the state, and abol
ishes the home? When everything else is
held in common, how can you expect the
women to escape from the operation of the
system? Sexual promiscuity, or Free Love
will usurp the place of wedlock, and sexual
indulgence would play its part in sinking
good men and women toward the lower level
of the depraved.
(4) I have, been censured with extreme
harshness for saying that Socialists advocate
social equality with negroes.
What else could they consistently do? How
would you start about drawing a color line
under Socialism ? Why, the basic idea of the
whole system is that of the brotherhood of
man. Industrial equality, political equality,
social equality,—are not these Socialist
ideas?
Under collectivism where everybody be
longs to everybody, the negro would be a man
and a brother. What will the Socialists do
with him? The Chicago Daily Socialist de
clares that Socialism offers the negroes abso
lute equality. The Appeal to Reason takes the
same position. As I understand Mr. Arthur
Brisbane, the great Socialist who edits and
pilots the Hearst newspapers, he occupies the
same ground.
It seems to me that a Socialist is obliged
to take that position. Any other would make
him stultify himself.
Consequently, I said and repeat that I don’t
see how any home-loving monogamist white
man of the South could be a Socialist, if he
knew the whole truth about the creed.
“Which the same I am free to maintain.”
IS ® [gj
Can You Explain It ?
Certain British capitalists entered into an
agreement with China to lend that nation a
large sum of money needed for the construc
tion of a railroad. The contract had been re
duced to writing and signed.
At this late stage of the game, it occurred
to our Mr. J. Pierpont Morgan that he would
3effersoniart
like to have a finger in the pie. He tipped off
this wish of his to Uncle Sam, and old U. S.
immediately notified China that our Mister
Morgan’s name must be put into the pot.
And now international complications im
pend. The British Lion is beginning to ex
hibit a slight feeling of displeasure at having
his tail pulled in so rude and sudden a man
ner. China —poor old thing!—doesn’t know
what to do. She is impartially afraid of both
the Lion and the Eagle. It hasn’t been so
very long since she was piteously and terribly
torn by the paws of the one and the claws of
the other. To escape the British capitalists
and fall into the hands of our Mister Morgan,
is considerably worse than hopping out of the
frying pan into the fire. All that China can
do is to humbly beg that the Lion and the
Eagle will come to some mutual understand
ing.
But how is it that our Mister Morgan can
use our Uncle Sam in his private business in
this way? Can you explain it?
To an average man, it would appear to be
none of Uncle Sam’s business to dictate to
China about a loan. Is it any affair of ours
who she borrows from? Would we permit
any other nation to object to our borrowing
from whatever lender we ourselves might se
lect?
But you must remember that Roosevelt
placed at the head of the State Department
one of Morgan’s partners, Robert Bacon by
name; and the Morgan influence is as pow
erful with William How-de-do as it was with
Theodore.
® ® ®
How They Hurt You
Have you got to buy any sort of lumber?
During the next few years, will you be repair
ing a bridge or plank-fence, or building a
house or shed, or repairing dwelling and out
houses, or lending your aid to the erection of
a neighborhood school-house or church? If
so, it ought to interest you to learn that Con
gress has so fixed things that you will have to
pay an unjust price for the lumber.
Will you have to purchase ironware of any
kind, —hoes, axes, saws, hammers, trace
shovels, rakes, picks, hatchets and knives? If
so, it should concern you to know that Con
gress has so arranged the law that you will
have to pay more than is right for all these
things.
With a tariff duty, Congress shuts out for
eign lumber and foreign ironware, and the
American sellers of lumber and ironware en
joy the privilege of charging higher prices
than they could otherwise get.
By reason of this, the Steel Trust can earn
such tremendous profits that the common stock
of the company which is every bit pure water,
representing no actual investment of money
whatsoever, is selling at 61 cents on the dol
lar. There are $500,000,000 of this fictitious
capitalization and, before the year is out, the
swindlers who issued it will be selling it at
par. Thus the consumers of Steel Trust prod
ucts will have been robbed of half-a-billion
dollars, in addition to dividends paid annual
ly on the dishonest stock.
Every Senator who voted against free iron
ore helped the Trust get its license to rob the
people, for the Trust controls nearly all of the
ore beds.
More than half of the Democratic Senators
went over to the Republicans and the Trust,
on this vote.
The duty on lumber, and especially on
dressed lumber, plunders the unprotected mil
lions and gives the loot to the monopolists who
have bought up the timber lands and the big
saw mills. Lumber enters so extensively into
the building and furnishing of homes that it
can be classed as one of the necessaries of life.
So regarding it, the Democratic party pledged
itself to put it on the free list. “We demand
the immediate repeal of the tariff duties on
lumber, timber and logs.”
The Democratic office-holders say that this
pledge of the Democratic platform does not
bind them.
Whom, then, does it bind? How will any
body ever hereafter know what the Demo
cratic party stands for? Not a single voice
was raised against that plank in the Denver
platform, until the big men of the Lumber
Trust went to Washington, and vetoed “the
immediate repeal of the tariff duty on lum
ber, timber and logs.”
® 13 13
Georgia Affairs: Port Rates and -
Mister Hoke Smith’s paper, in the fall of
1907, took the position that it would be fool
ish and too expensive to re-convene the Legis
lature and make another effort to have it
adopt those reform measures which Mr. Hoke
Smith’s Macon Platform had classed as im
mediately and urgently and tremendously
necessary.
The Jeffersonian did its best to convince
our reform Governor that, unless we did all
that was in our power to give the confiding
and expectant people what we had promised
them, there would be trouble for us at the
next election. But Governor Smith was feel
ing chesty, was attuning his receptive ear
funnels to the advice of others, serenely cer
tain that the Georgia precedent of giving the
Chief Executive a second term was in no sort
of danger of fracture or demolition.
Consequently the attitude of Governor
Smith toward the Jeffersonian and its warn
ings, remonstrances, beseechments and admo
nitions, was not materially different from the
pose of the man in the moon when barked at
by negligible and disconsolate canines.
If you happen to have a copy of the Jef
fersonian bearing date February 27, 1908,
turn to page 8 and read the editorial in the
middle column, headlined, “Couldn't Afford
It.”
In that editorial, I again reminded the Gov
ernor of the error of his way and made a fee
ble effort to get a move on him.
I reminded him that we reformers had not
given the people what had been promised
them, AND I SPECIALLY NAMED Mc-
LENDON AND THE PLEDGES THAT
HE AND THE GOVERNOR AND I HAD
MADE ABOUT THE REDUCTION OF
FREIGHT RATES.
The Jeffersonian warned the Governor
that he and McLendon had not done a single
thing in the way of making good on that
freight rate matter.
The Governor made no response. With
haughty unconcern, he went his way,—not
even taking any steps to spur his enlarged and
packed Railroad Commission into activity.
He said no word and wrote no letter. When
1909 had come and his term had almost run
out, he allowed the repeated jabs of Clark
Howell to galvanize him into action; but even
then there was no effort to secure freight re
ductions which would benefit the entire State.
The case that was pressed before the Com
mission was, in substance, nothing more than
the old demand of Atlanta jobbers for special
favors, —which demand had been already de
nied, on three different occasions, in one of
which Lawyer Hoke Smith had appeared as
the highly paid attorney of the jobbers who
wanted those special favors.
Look here, fellows! Was Hoke Smith ever
in favor of port rates reductions for the whole
State? You couldn’t prove it, to save your
dear life. He fought them when he went be
fore the Railroad Commission as the lawyer
of the Atlanta jobbers. On that occasion,
Griffin and Cordele and the other towns
which were resisting the Atlanta demand, of
fered to unite with Lawyer Smith and his
clients to get a 20 per cent, horizontal reduc
tion all along the line, so that the whole
State would profit by lower freight rates.
But Lawyer Hoke Smith refused! He had
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE