Terrapin Creek that won’t hold
shucks,”
Bill-Dick strolled away, and, by
previous arrangement, met the old
man.
“Giffin’ along fust-rate, I see, old
man. ’ ’
“Fine as a fiddle, Billie.”
“When you think you’ll tote her
off?”
“’Bout Tuesday, I think.”
“Then I’ll be airter Anthry early
Wednesday mornin ’. ’ ’
“All right.”
“Have you told her about it?”
“Oh, yes; explained it up to the
handle!” the old man replied.
“How does she stand the siparation
from me?”
“Fust-rate—hil’ up by a strong
hope, you know.”
“Better come ’round agin to
morrer evenin’.”
The old man went the next even
ing, and found Miss Tildy watering
her flowers.
“Fine evenin’, Miss Tildy.”
“Mighty fine.”
“Whar’s Bill-Dick?”
“Don’t know. Do you want to
see him?”
“Good Lawd, no. Me an’ him
ain’t geein’ so mighty well.”
“Whut’s the trouble?” she
asked.
“Won’t git mad if I tell you?”
“No.”
“Wall, he ’lows that I think too
much of you. ’ ’
“That ain’t none o’ his business,
Mr. Banks.”
“I was afraid that it was, Miss
Tildy, but if you say it ain’t, w’y,
she pops; that’s all. May I come
in?”
“Sartinly.”
They sat on the door-step and held
a long and earnest conversation.
“I must go,” he at length said. “I
am afeard he’ll ketch me here.”
“You’ll be on time shore Tuesday
night, will you?” she anxiously asked.
“As shore’s shootin’s dang’us,”
he replied.
He had been gone but a few mo
ments when Bill-Dick came.
“That old fool been here?” he
asked.
“No old fool ain’t been here,”
she replied.
“Wall, it’s a good thing he haint.
Neenter think because he’s got a
little money now that he can run the
whole neighborhood. Recolleck that
pap said thar was a fool summers in
the fam’ly, an’ try an’ not let it be
you. ’ ’
“Take kere of yourself, Bill-Dick,
an’ I’ll try an’ come out all right.
I notice that them that’s alius a
frettin’ about somebody else is
mighty apt to have somethin’ wrong
about themselves.”
“Wall, we won’t jower, Tildy. By
the way. Tildy, thar’s goin’ to be a
sort of shindig over at Milliken’s
Tuesday night, an’ I’d like for you
to go over with me.”
“I’ve dun quit goin’ to shindigs.”
“You went to one last week.”
“But I’ve quit sence then.”
When Bill-Dick went into his own
room, he fell on his bed and kicked
up his heels. “Oh,” said he, “the
Lawd intends some folks for one
think an’ some fur another! I
oughter be a lawyer, an’ dog my but
tons if I*don’t b’lieve I’ll skeer up
a law book summers an’ strike out.
Bet I be a jedge in less’n six months.
Some feller would say, ‘Good
mornin’, Jedge William-Dickson,
how is your honor’s good health?’
an’ I’d make my neck stiff like it
had a crick in it, an’ ahem, hem, hem,
a time or two, an’ tell him, ‘Fa’r to
middlin’.”
Bill-Dick remained away from home
until a late hour Tuesday evening, in
order, as be mused, “to give the
foolish young couple every opportun
ity. ” When he arrived at home, .the
house was deserted. His sister’s
trunk and bandboxes were gone, and
again he fell on the bed and kicked
up his heels. The night, to him, trod
away with lead-weighted feet. Fifty
times or more did he get up and
look out, anxiously hoping to see a
streak of daylight stealing through
the woods. At last daybreak came,
and, waiting until the sun came up
out of the distant creek bottoms, he
joyously set out for the house of his
new brother-in-law. The old man met
him at the gate.
“Good mornin’, Billie.”
“Good mornin’. Is Anthry up
yit?”
“Don’t know. Say, Billie, Tildy
wants to know es you won’t furgive
her, an’, lemme see, thar’s something
else I wanted to say. Gh, yes, An
thry went over to visit her Aunt
Mag last week an’ while thar —now
don’t cavort, Billie—whVe thar she
married Lit Sarver, the circuit rider.”
“You infernal old wolf!’
“Hold on, Billie; don’t cavort.
ißecolleck that I won beef at a shoot
in’-match tuther week. What i. pity
that you didn’t have a nag an’ new
saddle. I mout have give you one,
but I’v had so much trouble with my
hogs lately.”
Bill-Dick sat down on a bench, and
after a few moments of deep medi
tation, said: “Pap alius said that
was a fool in the fam’ly; an’ I’ll be
blamed if it haint hit on me.”
Cut Out The Coupon.
Turn to the last page of this paper and
cut out the coupon in the Theo. Noel
Company advertisement. It offers health
to the sick, without a penny risk.
THE DIFFERENCE.
Mr. Morse was probably selected as
an example of the millionaire in jail
because he violated the rule which
prohibits stealing from -another thief,
which is a serious thing in New
York. Stealing from the common
people is, of course, another thing.—
Clinton (Ind.) Saturday Argus.
I THESE ARE THE KIND THAT MADE SOUTH
SSSffS: I 80 "* CAROLINA FAMOUS FOR CABBAGE GROWING
They need no introduction. We guarantee FULL COUNT, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED. Send money with order,
othetwise plants will be shipped o. o. D. and you will have to pay return charges on the money, thus adding to the cost of your plants.
Prices F. o. B. Young’s Island: 600 for $1.00; 1,000 to 4,000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8,000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9,000 to 20,000 at SI.OO per 1,000. Special
prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries. ... . _ A
Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. C« m» GIBSON, BOX 33, YoUHg*> Island, S» C»
ISfje 3effersonian
£’\\Personal To
T>y ‘h lett-er from every man and woman in America afflicted with
l&w) Lumbago or Neuralgia, giving me their name and address, so
1 can send each ono Free A Ono Dollar Bottle of my Rheumatic
SdT r icemedy• 1 want to convince every Rheumatic sufferer at my expense that
\ my Rheumatic Remedy does what thousands of so-called remedies have
J V r^ iled to accomplish— ACTUALL Y CUKES RHEUMATISM.
c • Aa\\ T know it doos, I am sure of it and I want every Rheumatic sufferer to
gnl. R and be sure of it, before giving me a penny profit. You cannot
Rheumatism out through the feet or skin with plasters or cunning
metal Contrivances. You cannot tease it out with liniments, electricity
You cannot Imagine it out with mental science. You
? . It is in the blood and you must Go After it
♦v a, &na fr® This is just what Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy does and
that s why it cures Rheumatism. Rheumatism is Uric Acid and Uric Acid and Kuhn’s Rheumatic
Remedy cannot live together in the same blood. Rheumatism has to go and It does
Remedy cures the sharp, shooting pains, the dull, aching muscles, the hot. throbbing
swollen limbs, and cramped, stiffened, useless Joints, and cures them aulckly. *
/ CAN PROVE IT ALL TO YOU
If yon will only let me do it. I will prove much In One Wack, if you will only write and ask my’
Company to send you a dollar bottle FREE according to the following offer. I don’t care what, form
of Rheumatism you have or how long you have had it. I don’t Ar. * n
care what other remedies you have used. If you have not used Jt 7 / \
mine you don’t know what a real Rheumatic Remedy will do. X/ / I
Read our offer below and write to us Immediately,
A FULL-SIZED 91.00 BOTTLE FREE!
We want you to try Kuhn’s Rheumatic Remedy, to learn for yourself that Rheumatism can be cured
and we want no profit on the trial. A fair test is all we ask. If you find it is curing your Rheumatism
or Neuralgia, order more to complete your cure and thus give us a profit. If it does not help you. that
ends it. We do not send a small sample vial, containing only a thimbleful and of no practical value,
but a full-slxod bottle, selling regularly at drug-stores for One Dollar Each. This bottle is
heavy and we must pay Uncle Sam to carry it to your door. You must send us ZE cents to pay
postage, mailing case and packing and this full-sized One Dollar Bottle will be promptly sent you
free, everything prepaid. There will be nothing to pay on receipt or later. Don’t wait until your
Heart-Valves are injured by Rheumatic Poison, but send today and get a One Dollar Bottle free.
Only one bottle free to a family and only to those who send the ZB con ts for charges. Address
REMEDY CO., DEPT. Ft Y. HOYNE & NORTH AYES.,
No Land So Rich That Fertilizer
Cannot Make It Better
You use fertilizers for the profit you get out of them—and the
better the land the more profitably a good fertilizer can be used on it.
Do not imagine because land will produce a fair crop without
Virginia- Carolina
Fertilizers
that these fertilizers cannot be profitably used on it, or that they were
made only for land too poor to produce without them. If poor land
will show a normal increase when fertilizer is used, good land will
show at least double the increase. Use Virginia-Carolina Fertilizers
to increase the quality, as well as the quantity of the crop—and you
will increase the profits from your land.
“I have been using your fertilizers for a number of years” says
Mr. William Fraiser, of Glasburg, 'La.^andfind that it not only pays
to fertilize, but to do plenty of it, and use the best fertilizers to be
had, such as your brands. I have used a number of them and found
them to be as recommended and to give better results than any other
fertilizers that I have ever used.”
Every planter and farmer should have a copy of the new 1909
Virginia-Carolina Farmers’ Year-Book. Get a free copy from your
fertilizer dealer, or write our nearest sales office.
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Sales Offices Sales Offices
Richmond, Va. Durham, N. C.
Norfolk, Va. W Charleston, S. C.
Columbia, S. C. ■Unlffinfll'CflfOlinfl Js Baltimore, Md.
Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga.
Savannah, Ga. p. r ~ Vt Montgomery, Ala.
Memphis, Tenn. Shreveport, La.
Ground Phosphate Rock
THE GREAT SOIL BUILDER.
Direct from our Tennessee mills to the farm. Unequaled for compost
ing, home mixing or direct application. Guaranteed to be double the
strength of acid phosphate at half the cost. Write for information and
prices.
FARMERS UNION PHOSPHATE CO., Birmingham, Ala.
PAGE FIFTEEN