PAGE FOUR
I ™ e
I WINE LINE
e — 5
Mix *
fcJB
MBW Ws.>m^>'JM^a«AiMMm/L ,„
ftwßLwm Wlßr-
i/l lilt
■mKSHMI
■®»\l
Aywyw'
ONE MINUTE AFTER 12 O’CLOCK, JANUARY 1, 1908.
At 12 o’clock last night, when all the noises of New York were turned loose, including the
explosions of half a million, more or less, of champagne corks; while Caruso sang the
Chime Song at the Plaza, and the great ones of society clinked glasses; while, say, New
York’s convivial front door was wide open to everyone who had some S2O to pay to see his
new year launched, something very different was going on at the back door, dircreetly hidden
so as to be no joy killer.
Alabama Hunters Must Get Licenses.
Montgomery, Ala., Jan. 4.—State Game and
Fish Commissioner John H. Wallace, Jr., has
issued; instructions to county game wardens
of the state to he effect that many will attempt
to hunt during this month who have not se
cured license for 1908. He has impressed up
on the minds of the wardens that this violation
of the law (or any other) will not be tolerated
by the department of game and fish.
He cites the fact that the true sportsmen of
the state are gladly purchasing hunters’ li
cense, so greatly interested are they in the
work of the department in protecting game
of the state and he insists that all others who
hunt must do likewise. —Atlanta Journal.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Will Not Ask for Soldiers.
Although all is apparently quiet in the strug
gle between the tobacco growers of Kentucky
and Tennessee and the American Tobacco
Company, the developments recently have giv
en great uneasiness. The town of Russellville,
which was raided by night-riders a short while
ago, is quiet, but the sheriff and his deputies,
the police and the citizens are on the alert
to prevent any repetition of the outrages. It
was decided by the peace officers and the lead
ing citizens, in view of the improbability of
another raid, that the governor would not be
asked for troops. State Fire Marshal Mott
Ayres, however is on his way to Russellville,
and will begin an immediate investigation of
the recent raid, which resulted in the shooting
of three men by the raiders, the burning of
two tobacco warehouses and a planing mill,
and the partial destruction of three smaller
buildings. The county judge and court offi
cials notified Governor Willson that a special
term of court will be called to consider the
evidence brought out by the investigation, and
that extraordinary efforts will be made to ap
prehend and punish the guilty parties.—Con
stitution.
Lower Rates in South Carolina.
The Southern Railway will inaugurate,
April the first next, a flat ticket rate of 2 1-2
cents per mile, with special rates of 2 1-4
cents and 2 cents, of which a large number of