ARE WOMEN LASS SENTIMEN
TAL THAN MEN?
The observation is so old as to be
trite, that of the two halves of hu
manity, men are essentially the more
romantic and sentimental, and women
the more practical; and the latter have
long been inured to seeing men ignore
most of the realities of women’s lives,
while apotheosizing that side which
looms large to themselves, through
. their own partnership in its pleasure
and romance, says Margaret Fay
Coughlin, in the December Appleton’s.
But if a woman’s altruistic sense
be great enough to accept the postu
late that her own individuality has
no raison d’etre except in what bears
on her efficiency as a source of value
to one man, and of physical and men
tal utility to the race through his
children, it is not strong enough to
accept that sort of inverted self-reali
zation for her daughter. For the sake
of the woman of the future, whose
perfection, as her child, is to be the
aim of all her own efforts, she is apt to
find the explanations of her being of
fered by many gentlemen, and the rig
idly limited goal they propose for her,
a little theoretical, and, when pressed,
perhaps humorously sentimental.
For, life, alas! is not as we dream
it, but a disorderly, scrambling, shuf
fling struggle along the evolutionary
highway. We cannot even die to or
der, but tumble out of this world as
inconsequently and inconveniently to
others as we came into it, dying and
being born in ocean steamers and in
the midst of earthquakes and confla
grations; getting food and shelter
more or less precariously; finding
gleams of peace and beauty fitfully,
and loving and marrying no more
scientifically than we can do the rest.
To advise one-half of humanity in
such a world to build its life like a
carven lamp for the sole chance that
physical love may shine splendidly
through it, is a counsel of perfection
no man would be impracticable enough
to fashion his own life upon. In mat
ters that pertain to his own personal
well-being* the male theorist’s senti
mentality is apt to give way to a lucid
sense of self-preservation. And he
would very probably amend the form
ula for himself: I shall grow like a
flower, fulfilling all the intricate per
fection I am capable of; and if my
soul, that butterfly of love, so wills,
and other flowers laugh in the sun
shine after I have blown and withered,
my strength will have been glorified;
but if not, the vigor of my growth
and the beauty of my life shall have
been, even unreproduced, its own jus
tification.
DEPARTED GLORY.
Raynor —“Ever do anything for
your hair?”
Shyne (who has a rapidly growing
bald spot)—“Yes; I mourn for it oc
casionally, but what good does that
do?” —Chicago Tribune.
DON’T YOU WANT A WATCH?
Read the offer in 4 4 Our Post Card
Club.” You can win a prize, if you
try.
“Do you consider that Louise falls
in love easily?”
4 ‘Well, as a rule she succumbs after
aliout a hundred dollars’ worth of
theater tickets. ’ -Life.
TAFT IN THE SOUTH.
A cartoon in the Philadelphia Rec
ord represents Taft sitting alongside
of the fair damsel of the South. He
is wearing a big, fat, if not a win
ning, smile, while he offers the lovely
maiden bv his side a box marked
“Taffy.” She is looking in his di
rection, with an expression that is at
once true to her nature, sociable, and
having a quizzical cast. How the
courtship will end we let Tom Wat
son tell in his trenchant style.
We offer a few words expressive
of our intuitive impressions. Taft is
Roosevelt’s 44 heir,” and is an actor
in the farce of 44 busting” the trusts,
and the tragedy of Imperialism.
There are certain powerful forces at
work to turn this Government into
an absolute monarchy. The 4 4 Repub
lican” party is no more republican
than the papal 44 church” is Chris
tian, and both - are in close and natural
alliance to gain this end. In fact, it
already exists except in name, and
none name it but those who know
whence it comes.
Taft is. in the South —in Georgia
especially—to organize the forces
which make for plutocratic and papal
aggrandizement. Commercialism has
taken sub a good grip on the South
that the shrewd actors in this tragedy
believe that their special interests
need only a proper care to secure ad
vantages accruing. They think that
Georgia is good stamping ground, be
cause the corporations and their
tools and slaves can be properly
aligned on their side, and the reform
ers, led by Tom Watson, can be coax
ed or crushed.
But we do not believe it. There are
some things which look doleful and
discouraging, but there are hearts
that are yet strong, and arms to
strike the enemies of human liberty.—
American Whip.
NATURAL QUERY.
Mrs. Biggs— 44 I'm going to get a
gown to match my complexion.”
Mrs. .Diggs— 44 But aren’t those
hand-painted gowns awfully expen
sive?” —Chicago Daily News.
FREE TRIP AROUND THE
WORLD.
Send us a dollar for renewal or new
subscription to the Weekly Jefferson
ian, and you will get FREE fifty post
cards known as a Trip Around the
World, also a farm paper that will
teach you how to market your crops
profitably.
VETERINARY COURSE AT HOME,
esnnn T ear and upwards can be made taking onr "Veter-
V I ZUu inary Course at home during epare time; taught
in simplest English; Diploma granted, positions obtained
for successful students; cost within reach of all; satisfac
tion guaranteed; particulars free. Ontario Veterln
an* correspondence Schools London, Can.
Earliest Header. About ten days Earliest Flat ) THESE ARE THE KIND THAT MADE SOUTH
Fine, Medium Size. later than E. Jersey. Cabbage, A large <
Excellent Shipper. A full size larger. yielder and a good CAROLINA FAMOUS FOR CABBAGE GROWING
Delicious for Table. A Money Maker. shipper. 1 .. . ■
They need no introduction. We guarantee FULL COUNT, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED. Send money with order,
othetwise plants will be shipped c. o. D. and you will have to pay return charges on the money, thus adding to the cost of your plants.
Prices F. o. B. Young’s Island: 500 for $1.00; 1,000 to 4,000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8,000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9,000 t 0.20,000 at SI.OO per 1,000. Special
prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries. -- eiDcftu Rnv Ynimcr** Island C A® ,
V Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. / C, M. GIBSON, BOX TOUHg S island, 5. C.
'Seffersonlan
Frf ptn Vaii Mu Victor EBEE To YOU and Every Sister
11tC lU I Uli —ITI j ulMvi Suffering From Woman’s Ailments
1 um a woman.
I know woman's sufferings,
jr 1 have found the cure.
1 mail, free of any charge, my home trsaf
went with full instructions to any sufferer from
/ '■ woman’s ailments. I want to tell all women about
this cure—you, my reader, for yourself, your
v X daughter, your mother, or your sister. I want to
A Jou h° w to cure yourselves at home with
<■ -1 out the help of a doctor. Men cannot understand
'aLS-- WW ■■■'. 1 women’s sufferings. What we women know from
•'*« 9xp»rienca, we know better than any doctor. 1
B JL 1 know that my home treatment is safe and sure
$ 1 cure for Leucorrhoea or Whitish dhcharges, Ulceration, Oil
s placeman! or Falling of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful
/ Periods, Uterine or Ovarian Tumors, or Growths; also paint in
$’ / bead - bac!< and bowels ' bearing down feelings, nervousness,
v : creeping feeling up the spine, melancholy, desire to cry, hot
flashes, weariness, kidney, and bladder troubles where caused
V •’ •• •' •• ''••••■'Mm ''• .r by weat<mses peculiar to our sex.
Ik •/ •'•••JF I want to send you a complete fen day's treatment
entirely free to prove to you that you can cure
yourself at home, easily, quickly and
surely. Remember, that, it will cost you nothing to
give the treatment a complete trial; and if you
wish to continue, It will cost you only about 12 cents a week or less than two cents a day. It
will not interfere with your work or occupation. Just send ma your name and address, tell me how you
suffer if you wish, and I will send you the treatment for your case, entirely free,in plain wrap
per, by return mail. I will also send you free of cost, my book—"WOMAN’S OWN MEDICAL ADVISER” with
explanatory illustrations showing why women suffer, and how they can easily cure themselves
at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to think for herself. Then when the doctor says—
‘You must ha,ve an operation,” you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured
themselves with my home remedy. It cures all old or young, To Mothers of Daughters, I will explain a
simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leucorrhoea, Green Sickness and
Painful or Irregular Menstruation in young Ladies, Plumpness and health always results from
its use.
Wherever you live, I can refer you to ladies of your own locality who know and will gladly
tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all women’s diseases, and makes women well,
strong, plump and robust. Just send me your address, and the free ten day’s treatment is yours, also
the book. Write to-day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
MRS. M. SUMMERS, Box 432 - - South Bend, Ind., U. S.A.
Your Cotton Crop Can Be Increased
It costs no more to cultivate an acre that produces
two bales of cotton than an acre which produces only
one-quarter of a bale. Why not see what you can do
with
Virginia-Carolina
Fertilizers
Other men have been able to double and more than double
their yield per acre with a liberal application of Virginia-Carolina
Fertilizers.
Messrs. Lucas & Jackson of Kelsey County, Tenn., used Vir
ginia-Carolina Fertilizer on about 55 acres planted with cotton, and
say: “We have the finest crop of cotton we ever saw, and all the
people around here think the same. We actually counted 447 bolls
on one stalk. Another stalk had by actual count 409 bolls, forms,
squares and blossoms. On about 8 acres we expect to make about
2 bales to the acre, and an estimate of adjoining farms not so fer
tilized and under other cultural methods, will yield only 1 bale to
five acres.”
An interesting picture of the cotton plants referred to will be
found in the new 1909 Virginia-Carolina Farmers’ Year Book, copy
of which may be had from your fertilizer dealer, or will be sent
free, if you write our nearest sales office.
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Sa/es Offices m Saies Offices
Richmond, Va. Durham, N. C.
Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S. C.
Columbia. S. C. Baltimore, Md.
Atlanta, Ga. Chem(cdlColumbus, Ga.
Savannah, Ga. Co. Montgomery, Ala.
Memphis, Tenn. Shreveport, La.
Ground Phosphate Rock
THE GREAT SOIL BUILDER.
Direct from our Tennessee mills to the farm. Unequaled for compost
ing, home mixing or direct application. Guaranteed to be double the
strength of acid phosphate at half the cost. Write for information and
prices.
FARMERS UNION;pHOSPHATE£CO., Birmingham, Ah.
PAGE FIFTEEN