with automatic car-couplers, thus literally
protecting an army of heroic railroad men
from the mangling and maiming inevitable
under the old system of coupling cars by
hand, which made of each box car a verita
ble Juggernaut.
The terrific fight in the Tenth District has
probably also escaped observation. Tom Wat
son was dangerous to the “interests.” Hence
his defeat, through iniquitous practices and
foul corruption. To him, alone, in all the
history of our boasted free speech, was de
nied the right to plead his own cause before
a body of his peers! This still unrighted
wrong should win him, not only Georgia’s
electoral vote, but that of every State in this
Union in which the love of liberty is still
alive!
In the years 1894, 1895 and 1896, Tom
Watson made the same assault upon the Con
vict Lease system which, in now being made
over again by F. L. Seeley, has shaken our
commonwealth to its very foundations. Peo
ple demanding that the old order of things be
abolished and the guilty punished, yet, when
the platform of the State Populists made an
issue of this very thing, the “hushing mat
ters up” process became very popular with
those afraid to antagonize MEN WHO HAD
GROWN RICH THROUGH INHUMAN PUN
ISHMENT AND BRUTAL MURDER OF
HELPLESS ' PRISONERS! Whenever a
principle of right has been involved, he has
been on hand to fight for it.
His paper made war on the custom of de
positing State funds in banks, without inter
est, and broke u pthat rank form of favorit
ism.
The Populists first demanded election of
all officers by popular vote, which is now
done even in the case of United States Sen
ators.
Although they had been hammering away
at the problem of disfranchisement for years,
they never hit the right spot until Tom Wat
son showed ’em how it could be done.
He went to Nebraska in 1896 and carried
that State for Mr. Bryan, who has not carried
it since.
The brief outline here given, as against the
achievements (?) of the Great Gasser of the
West, makes one sorry for the mental poverty
of an imitation-editor who lets himself be
a mere sieve through which malice pours its
-uperb indifference to the efforts to coerce o’
ignorance of Watson’s enduring influence, uw
selfish devotion to the common people, and
intimidate him in the advocacy of the princi
ples of Jeffersonian Democracy.
COME TO SYLVESTER AUGUST FIRST!
The Worth County Populist Committee here
by calls a mass meeting to be held at ten
o’clock on the morning of Saturday, August,
first, at Sylvester, Georgia. Everybody is in
vited and urged to be present. Good speaking
and a good time assured to all comers. Let
every Jeffersonian Democrat within reach of
Sylvester make it a point to be on hand.
R. A. BELL, SR., Chairman.
J. H. PARRISH, Secretary.
THE JEFERSONIAN.
American Cotton College
MILLEDGEVILLE, GA.
For the education of farmers, clerks, merchants, warehousemen, cotton buyers, manu
facturers, and ail others, young or old, who are unable to classify and put the correct valua
tion on 18 grades of cotton. Thirty day Scholarships in our sample rooms, or six wetks’
correspondence course, under expert cotton men will complete you. Big demand for cotton
graders and cotton buyers. Session opens September Ist. Correspondence course year
round. Write at once for further particulars.
« n Oklahoma Farm Lands
I II THROWN
ON THE MARKET, July 27, ’OB
MffTT I TAB] BY ACT OF CONGRESS
Ivllwl/Avrll Invest $5 monthly in these lands. Write us for
particulars. Agents wanted.
A1 Ji r I C - W - DEMING INVESTMENT company
TULSA, OKLAHOMA
Patented Tension Spring
Ever - Sharp Shears Free
* D ear to the heart of every vuoman —a pair of shears that are alvjays shurp.
B " Jw Every user of shears knows how aggravating it is to have shears or
™ S' scissors that don’t cut slick and clean. Every woman also knows that to
‘S ° ft® have scissors sharpened by the average scissors grinder means more disap-
£ J H pointment, as he usually ruins them. These aggravations may all be avoided
■g “■ 5 ® by adopting the patented tension spring Ever-Sharp Shears.
111 These shears are equipped with a simple attachment that keeps them
2 >• -2 fl |l I always sharp and enables the user to cut anything from wet tissue paper
~ ■ to the heaviest cloth. The tension spring attachment does away with
" s Ip 1 the resharpening entirely. The tension on the rivet can be set so that
3 <S s fl[ I any kind of material intended to be cut with shears may be cut with per
il 2 >■ g 1 feet ease, without tiring the hand. The tension spring takes up all the wear
5 -2 ° on the rivet, making the Shears practically indestructible, with no wear-out
5 ||| f O them. A simple turn of the little thumb-screw tightens up the blades
g as closely as may be desired. Any woman who has had the exasperating
J experience of trying to use a dull pair of shears can readily appreciate
g rhe.value of the new invention, which keeps this pair of Shears always
frOg TjOT sharp and in perfect cutting condition. No matter how many pairs of
•a R M'l shears or scissors you may have around the house, you need this pair
with the tension spring, and when you use it once you will use it in pref
llfl erence to any other you may have.
IlwWB The illustration is 4 inches long, but the Shears we offer are
118
B 8 ,NCHES ,N LENGTH
till K wjk- They are made from the best carbon steel which insures strength and
a keen cutting edge. The manufacturers guarantee the quality of material
B‘l flify 'vk and workmanship in every pair and back up their guarantee with acer-
II lifif IB tificate with each pair, agreeing “If this pair of shears breaks or in any
W IB! IB way becomes defective within five years from date of purchase, it will be
W W replaced with a new pair without further cost.”
w flfl wk Remember,the patent tension device does away with the need of re-
sharpening and doubles the usefulness of the Shears.
How to Get a Pair Free
Send 50c for a year’s subscription to UP-TO-DATE FARMING and we will send free and
post-paid a pair of Shears or a pair of scissors as desired. UP-TO-DATE FARMING is pub
lished twice a month, 24 numbers in the year. It contains 20 to 32 large four column pages.
Published for everybody on the farm. Excellent departments. Special attention given to
getting profitable prices for all farm products. You need the paper and Shears. This is an
exceptional offer and every farm home should take advantage of it. Send your order today.
UP-TO-DATE FARMING, 229 W. Wash. St., Indianapolis, Ind.
PAGE THIRTEEN