stock as well as its real investment, when it
has surrendered control of itself to the At
lantic Coast Line, a New Jersey corporation
whose annual profits are so enormous that
they have to be hidden occasionally under
new issues of stock which represent nothing
in God's world but pen, ink, paper and Wall
Street rapacity.
When the Comptroller demanded that the
Georgia Railroad pay taxes to the State, just
as the balance of us do, the corporation ob
jected. Corporations have a habit of object
ing to bearing any share whatever in the pub
lic burdens of the governments which protect
them and enable them to amass such stupen
dous net earnings. A seven years’ war in the
Federal Courts followed, and the corporation
won, as usual. How weird and unearthly it
would be, if the corporations didn't win, in
the Federal Courts!
It would make all of us feel queer and un
comfortable—as happens when the chickens
go to crowing at bed-time, or when the dogs
set up that long, wailing, lugubrious howl
which makes your flesh creep.
The finishing touches were given to the
record when “Private Car” Lurton, Taft’s
latest judicial appointee, suavely announced
the opinion of the highest old corporation
committee now existing! The opinion was
against the State, of course. It would be
miraculous, if the corporations should make
a mistake in Lurton. Nor did they in Knox,
Wickersham, Dickinson and Ballinger.
As for that matter, they made none in
Taft, himself.
American White Women Slaves
of Chinamen in this Country
My friend, G. B. Woodall, of Kissimmee,
Florida, writes that Miss Tucker, who has
had much experience as a Bible reader in
New York, has been lecturing in the Meth
odist church, down there.
Miss Tucker informed her Florida hearers
that there were more than three
white women held in bondage in the opium
dens of Chinatown, New York City.
That very moderate estimate of the victims
of the Chinks, must have been unwelcome
news to those fanatics who care everything
for the foreigners and nothing for the home
folks.
But Miss Tucker should by all means con
sult Mrs. Smith, President of the Woman’s
National Industrial League, and learn about
the five thousand white-women of American
birth who are NOW held in bondage by Chi
namen in saintly Boston. Mrs. Smith pub
licly stated- that these miserable slaves of the
Chinks were sold from one to another at
from sl6 to S2O each.
In fact, Mrs. Smith contends that the Chi
namen in this country are the most serious
menace to morals that threaten our future.
As to OCR converting China, Japan, Ko
rea, and India to genuine Christianity— a
crazier notion never entered the human head.
As Rev. Dr. C. K. Hepderson savs, in that
fearless letter of his, to the Cedartown
Standard:
“It was never expected that the Missionaries
shall convert the world to Christ. They simply
form a nucleus, make a beginning, and then leave
the churches they gather to the natives to carry
on the work. It would be wrong for us to at
tempt or assume the work that should be done
by others.”
The fact that after laboring for centuries
in the Oriental field, the missionaries clamor
for more money, and then more, AND THEN
A GOOD DEAL MORE, proves conclusive
ly one of two things:
(1) That they realize the non-existence of
Oriental churches which, left to themselves,
would become the nuclei for religious growth,
and would thus leaven the whole loaf of
heathendom; or
(2) That the foreign missionaries derive
such personal benefit from the vast expendi-
3effersonlan
tures in “heathendom”', that they not only
contemplate the leaving of further work to
native churches, but mean to extend the sys
tem and increase the expenditures without
any limit of time or money.
Take either horn of the dilemma, brethren.
The missionary was never intended to do
more than sow the seed. This being done,
germination must do the rest. The mission
ary puts the leaven in the loaf—he is not to
spread it throughout the loaf. If there be
life in the leaven, it will of itself permeate
the whole loaf.
In the howl for the heathen, there is much
concern of the howler for himself. The word
NAZAAY looms big in all this latter-day
system. The “free-masonry” among the
thousands who earn an easy support abroad
and at home by cultivating a bellyache for
the heathen, is very much in evidence, all
along the line.
I will explain it to you, some other time.
The Jeffs are Marching On
On our subscription lists, are nearly 12,000
more names than were there a year ago.
And there isn’t a particle of deadheadism
about The Jeffs. We respect both the letter
and the spirit of the law. When a man rides
out his ticket, he gets off the cars. When
we wear out our welcome, as we assume that
we have done when a subscriber fails to re
new, we grab our hat and leave. We’re not
• come-to-stay visitors that you get tired of,
and wish to the Lord would go. No, sirree!
We respect you, and ourselves, too. If you
don’t renew, we take that as a polite hint to
vamoose the ranch.
That’s the only right way to run papers
and magazines. This thing of sending Ad
vocates and and Presbyterians and
Golden Ages, year after year, without renew
als of subscription, is poor policy—to say
nothing of the principle involved.
As to that daily—will abandon the idea,
The Jeffs are doing so well, and it is so
much harder to make a spoon than it is to
spoil a horn, that I’ve decided to stay put;
and to throw my concentrated energy into
the paper and Magazine.
Charlie Barrett Gets Him a
Platform
Bless my peepers! What is this that the
Hon. C. S. Barrett has done?
Why, sir, he has made a political platform,
got on top of it, with all two of his feet, and
gone to demanding that Congress do things
for the country!
Laws-a-messy! What will John Lee say
to that? John says that the laws are O. K.—
all we need is more to eat, says Johnsey.
At the recent convention in Atlanta, he —
that’s Boston Beans John —made that Hog
and Gravey and Hominy speech again. I
wonder how many times the boys are going
to applaud that old speech. It is the Patri
arch of all speeches. It is not only whis
kered. but gray-w T hiskered. Among speeches,
it is the Ancient Mariner, the Oldest Inhab
itant, the grizzled Vet.
Say boys, why don’t you give that oratori
cal veteran a pension, and let it go home?
But, while Johnsey says that what we need
is more to eat, Barrett’s barking on another
trail. Barrett is now on the road that I told
him from the first, that he would have to
take. Barrett is putting pressure on Con
gress. He wants laws that will help the ag
ricultural classes. Wants a parcels-post, a
postal savings bank system, and a whole lot
of other stuff.
I grieve to state that he says nothing, as
yet, about the 165 per cent, tax on blankets;
the 250 per cent, tax on cheap overcoats; the
158 per cent, tax on common clothing; nor on
the outrageous tariffs on lumber, iron and
steel ware, sugar, hosiery and woolen goods.
But Rome wasn’t made in a day, and we
must give Barrett time to grow in grace.
You are on the right line at last, Charles S.
Told you three years ago that you’d have to
take that road, if you ever did anything
worth while.
But I declare it’s rough on Boston John,
who declares that we don’t need any legisla
tion. All that w r e need do, according to him,
is to raise at home everything that we bipeds
and quadrupeds “most ingenerally” eat.
If we just do that, it doesn’t matter how
much the Trusts rob us, when we buy the
hundred and one thngs that we need for our
persons, our houses, our farms, and our fami
lies. Nor will it matter how much the Money
Kings exploit us.
Is Compulsory Vaccination
Lawful?
No: it is not.
To seize a free man who is in perfect health,
and who is accused of no crime, and subject
this man to a surgical operation, against his
protest, IS AN OUTRAGEOUS VIOLA
TION OF IIIS PERSONAL LIBERTY.
For fear he may lose his health, you forci
bly take it away from him. Into his whole
some physique, you insert putrid matter,
which will either have no effect at all, or
make him sick, and possibly do him life-long
injury.
“Society has a perfect right to protect the
healthy from those who are afflicted by con
tagious disease; but what possible right has
the city to arrest you, and commit an assault
on your person, cutting you with a lancet,
and forcibly inserting into your pure, sound
flesh loathsome fester taken from some putrid
carcass? You are in robust health, you have
violated no law, you have done no harm to a
living soul: and yet you must be assaulted
and made ill. because of the fear that vou
may get sick with smallpox! THE WHOLE
THING IS OUTRAGEOUS!
There are those who contend that vaccina
tion deserves the credit for the great reduc
tion in the losses from smallpox at the pres
ent time, as compared to past ages. But who
can offer convincing evidence that such is the
truth? In former times when the ravages of
the pestilence were so dreadful, the sanitary
conditions of the cities were indescribably
bad. Filth of every sort was allowed to ac
cumulate in the streets and to remain there
indefinitely. Dead dogs and cats, rotting
vegetables and fruits, excrements of every
sort poisoned the atmosphere of the whole
city. Slops and refuse from kitchens, as well
as the contents of unmentionable household
vessels, were emptied into the alleys—not oc
casionally, but all the time. The conditions
of the water-closets, in the public houses and
the poorer quarters must have been terrible.
"Even so late as the time of Ben Jonson and
Shakespeare, the stench, in the theatres,
would become so unbearable that stiflng hu
mans would cry out,
“Burn the juniper!”
(The “evergreen” shrub, juniper, emits a
very strong and pleasing odor when burning,
as our cedar does: and the juniper was kept
on hand, in the theatres, to drown out the
amalgamated stinks, just as we now use elec
tric fans to lessen the heat.)
Consequently, it can readily be seen that
smallpox plaved havoc among people who
lived so filthily. The decline of the fatalities
due to .the disease has kept even pace with
the improvement in sanitation, and clean liv
ing. Tn our own day, where is smallpox most
virulent? Tn the negro settlement where
swinish conditions prevail. This would seem
to prove, clearly, that the disease is engen
dered in filth, and disappears with perfect
sanitation.
There has not been a greater diminution of
smallpox cases than of yellow fever and
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE