PAGE FOURTEEN
KNIFE FREE
Photo of Ttios. E. Watson
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly sub
scription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine we will mail a handsome, two-bladed knife,
with a transparent handle containing the latest photograph of the
Hon. Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of the very
finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of German silver, the lin
ings of plate brass, all beautifully finished. The photograph of Mr.
Watson is life-like; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
and leader. To get the knife you must ask for it when you send the
money—not afterwards.
THIS OFFER IS GOOD FOR THIRTY DAYS
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
toTmwJTkIJw iabdwt.N |<i VH a if/niiaa
| Full College Courses _ or C ata l°g ond full I
| with Music, Painting Information address I
ti and Elocution. 67 th Ses- John W. Gaines, Pres. I
3 sion Begins Sept. 8, ’O9 . I or VVm. S. Cox, Mgr.
iKiiii im— ■ niuimii ~ ld
J j A Preparatory School for Boys and Girls,
if .11 11 T|l 1V a~ Equipment complete: Full Faculty of experienced teachers;
vzvvtuv a. V ▼ Home Life an attractive feature; Teachers live in School
Homes with pupils; Certificate admits to college.
<-* Tri nn¥rTsT Train, Literary, Music, Expression, Art, Business, Bible Courses.
NJ Illi I k Board $8 to si4 per m ° nth -
11* Ull lUI £/ A Safe School. As Good as the Best. As Cheap as the Cheapest
For catalog and further iuformation address
CLAUDE GRAY, President, Locust, Grove, Ga.
$20,000 Larchmont Farm
INCORPORATED
West Camp, N. (on the Hudson)
200 Shares Full Paid Par SIOO Non-Assessable
The Larchmont Farm (Inc.) is a corporation organized under
the New York state law’s, its object being to raise poultry products
and fruit for high-class trade.
This company owns 100 acres of cultivated land at West Camp
on-the-Hudson, having a frontage of about 3,000 feet on the Hudson
River. The location is an ideal one, as the Catskill Mountains are on
the west, ten miles distant; on the east the Hudson River, and north
and south the beautiful Hudson Valley. Facilities for shipping are
unexcelled. There is a steamboat landing very near the property
and goods shipped by boat from the farm at night reach New York
City the next morning. Freight rates are very low. The West
Shore R. R. station is a few yards from the farm, and shipments may
be made by express to New York in 3 % hours.
The location of the land is in a portion of the Hudson Valley
that is rapidly increasing as a residential section.
For poultry raising and fruit growing the land is unexcelled.
It is well drained, sloping gently to the east and south to a stream
supplied by never-failing springs of pure cold water. The soil is
rich and adapted to fruit growing. A large acreage consists of wood
land, with considerable cedar, which will be invaluable for building
purposes.
In the fruit and poultry business there is a constant demand
which must be met, and with the facilities to be had at Larchmont
Farm it will be only a question of how great will be the production
and how large the profits.
Every dollar invested in this company is amply secured by de
sirable real estate increasing each year in value.
Low capitalization secured by real estate, fertile land, good
management, with an ever increasing market, make this a most de
sirable investment.
Officers of the company receive no salary until stock earns 24
per cent. —or 2 per cent, monthly.
Dividends are now being earned and we believe a distribution of
from 10 to 25 per cent, will be paid the first few years, showing in
creasing profits each year.
Having sold a portion of this stock, the remainder is now of
fered for sale at par SIOO a share.
For prospectus and full Information fill out and mall this coupon.
*'*7* , ~ “ r . -r- - -i i. j ..■■■■-. ■ ■ - - .
LARCHMONT FARM (INC.),
Box H, West Camp, Ulster Co., N. Y.:
Please send prospectus to—
Name
Address
Jeffersonian
BIG LIGE
Continued from Page 2
portunity of telling an old joke.
“Sim’s a poet as well’s a humor
ist,” Jim Polk Brezentine remarked.
“No, I ain’t a poet. I don’t know
but one r’al good piece uv po’try, an’
that’s one that my gran’daddy told
my pap. Gran’daddy said that in the
old war, whar he fit the Bridish, they
onct got a bar’l uv meat with this
here po’try wrote on the head uv the
bar’l:
‘Wash him clean,
An’ bile him clear;
Been er good ole wuck-hoss
Twenty-five year.’ ”
“Thar’s the dinner ho’n!” ex
claimed one of the Dye bys. “That’s
po’try fur me.”
“Yas, an’ let me tell yer,” Sim re
joined, “it’s the sort uv rhyme that
hits me where I live.”
A gay company sat down to din
ner, but Big Lige did not speak dur
ing the meal. In the evening, when
all the neighbors had gone home, the
giant went into the woods and re
mained there until a late hour.
When he returned to the house, his
quick step showed that he had
reached some sort of decision. He
opened the door, saw Millie sitting
by the fire and said:
“Millie, come out here a minit; I
want to speak to you.”
“Come in here, Big Lige; there’s
nobody in here but me.”
“Whar’s the old folks?” Lige asked
as he entered the room.
“In the kitchin. Set dowm.”
“No. What I’ve got ter say, I ken
say it standin’ up. Millie, ever sence
yer wuz a little thing I’ve loved yer.
I would ruther be er nigger fur yer
than ter be the riches’ man in the
world. I ain’t got nuthin’ but love
an’ strength ter offer yer, but I want
yer ter be my wife.”
The girl, deeply blushing, arose
and said:
“No, I thanks yer, Big Lige. I
know that yer air a good man, an’
that ther’s other men that ain’t fitten
fer nothin’ but ter tote water; but I
thanks yer, sir; I don’t want yer.”
He turned away, without replying,
and climbed the ladder which led to
his room.
11.
In Big Lige’s manner toward Mil
lie no change was noticeable. He sat
by the fire at night, shelling corn or
making shuck collars, but he cast no
look of reproach upon the girl. Brez
entine’s visits became frequent, but
Big Lige treated his rival with as
much politeness as he had ever
shown any one. His roaring laugh,
though, which had ever been rare,
was now no longer heard. One day,
while Petticord and Lige were chop
ping wood, the old man said:
“Big Lige, Millie is goin’ ter git
married.”
Lige, who was raking the chips
away from a log so that his axe
might have easier play, did not look
up from his work. He merely asked:
“That so?”
“Yas, an’ guess who’s the man.”
"Jim Polk Brezentine.”
"Yer hit it, dinged es yer didn’t.
Why, Big Lige, you’re a guesser.
Yer guessed how much the white
sow would weigh, an’ now yer’ve
guessed whut man Millie is goin’ ter
marry. Whut do yer think uv the
match?”
“Dam pore.”
“Whut?”
“I said dam pore.”
“W’y, man, Jim Polk is a schollard
an’ a gentleman, an’ wuz wunst in
the legislatur’.”
“Yas,” Lige rejoined, “an’ he wuz
’cused of takin’ a bribe.”
“It wuz the Radicals that ’cused
him, Big Lige, an’ yer mus’ ricker
leck that the Radicals will ’cuse any
body.”
“I know that, an’ it wouldn’t been
so bad in Jim Polk Brezentine’s case
es they hadenter proved it on him.”
“Wall, wall,” wheezed the old
man, "don’t let us argy. He’s smart
ernuff to make er livin’ fur Millie,
an’ that’s all I ken ask.”
At dinner Mrs. Petticord, seeking
an opportunity, drew Lige aside and
said:
“Big Lige, did you say dam pore?”
“Yessum.”
“Wall, I want yer ter un’erstan’
that it ain’t none uv yer business.
It’s a mother’s duty ter have er gen
tleman in ther family, an’ it ain’t
none uv yer look-out. Do yer hear
that, Big Lige?”
“I ain’t never been ’cused uv bein’
deaf.”
“Wall, then, I tvant yer ter mark
it.”
The night of the marriage arrived.
Extensive preparations had been
made. Scott Patterson came with
his fiddle; Sim Bumpus came ’with
his jokes; ’Squire Boyle came with
solemn authority.
"Let’s us stan’ up with ’em?” said
Sallie Patterson, approaching Big
Lige, who sat on a bench near the
door.
“No, I am obleeged ter yer,” Lige
replied. “I’d ruther set when it’s
jest ez cheap.”
“Think yer awful smart, don’t
yer?”
“What’s the matter over thar?”
Sim Bumpus asked.
“Nothin’, only Big Lige thinks he’s
so awful smart.”
“That’s what they told me at the
mill, but she kep’ on a-grindin’,” Mr.
Bumpus rejoined.
IMillie was arrayed in a bright cal
ico dress. Her hair hung loose.
Brezentine wore a cheap suit of
“town-stuff.” When the ceremony
was over Big Lige, with the rest,
shook hands with the bride and
groom; then Mr. Patterson shouted,
“Git yer podners, gentlemen, fur a
curtilyun.” During the night, which
was festive, Big Lige was not surly;
and, although he did not dance, he
took his .turn at the fiddle while
Scott Patterson "swung cornders”
with the girls from over the creek.
The next day after the wedding
Brezentine and his wife began to
keep house on a little farm which
old Petticord had portioned off for
them. The distance was but short,
and Millie came over to her old home
every day. Big Lige conceived the