PAGE SIX
WHAT PRICE SHOULD COTTON “BRING?
THOS. E. WATSON, in Watson's May Magazine.
At this time, when the farmers are holding
their crop for fifteen cents per pound, it is
well for them to have some actual knowledge
of what the price should be.
We read in the newspapers that the tobac
co growers have been selling leaf tobacco at
sixteen cents per pound. When the growers
organized to fight the Trust, the price of tobac
co had been run down by the Trust to four
and five cents per pound.
A few years ago cotton was run down to six
cents, and Theodore Price, the leader of the
bears of Wall Street, declared that it would
go down to five cents.
The Farmers’ Union and similar organiza
tions determined that -they should have some
thing nearer the value of their product, and
the result is that since cotton dropped to six
cents, it has sold as high as sixteen cents. It
is now sagging between ten and eleven cents.
What ought the price to be? Is cotton really
worth more than ten cents?
Let us look at the facts. A bale of cotton
weighing 500 pounds will make about 3,000
yards of calico. To manufacture this bale of
cotton into 3,000 yards of calico will cost
about SIOO, including the cost of the raw cot
ton. Therefore, if the manufactured product
(the calico) sells at seven cents per yard, the
bale of cotton will yield to the manufacturer
$2lO. His profit on the bale, then, is about
SIOO. But let us say that the spinner only
gets an average of five cents for his calico.
This will be $l5O for the 3,000 yards which
are made from the bale of cotton. In that
event, he buys a bale of cotton for S6O (as
suming that he pays twelve cents for it),
and sells it for $l5O. In the manufacture of
the cotton his entire expenses will be about
Hero of Waterloo A Cibil War Story
A Georgia and South Carolina war story.
Very interesting, locally. Waterloo is name
of plantation near Charleston. Strong indict
ment of negro troops in the field —bayonet-
ting wounded, etc. Writer makes statement,
quoting Gen’l. C. A. Evans: “ There were
193,337 negro troops in the Federal army, and
there was not one of them but would have
bayoneted a wounded man or a prisoner.”
On the 26th day of May, 1864, the First
Georgia Regulars, under the command of
Major R. A. Wayne, relieved the First Regi
ment of Georgia Volunteers at Whitmarsh
Island, below Savannah, Georgia, where we re
mained doing heavy picket duty until the
third day of July, when the regiment was or
dered to Savannah, where we boarded a
freight train for Charleston, S. C. Some time
after night we left the train a short distance
from Charleston and marched nearly all night,
crossing the Stono river to Johns Island, halt
ing, some time before day, to snatch a few
hours’ rest and sleep. We must have entered
fche i&lapd at fche eduHb end, as there were two
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
SIOO, or S4O over and above what he pays for
the raw cotton; consequently his net profit,
even at five cents per yard for the calico, is
somewhere between S4O and SSO per bale.
On a crop of 12,000,000 bales, the spinner,
therefore, could make a profit of about $500,-
000,000.
To the farmer this state of affairs means
that he sells a bale of cotton for SSO or S6O,
and buys it back at from $l5O to S2OO.
No wonder that the statistics published by
the United States government prove that the
agricultural classes are not even making good
wages, whereas the manufacturing classes,'aft
er paying wages, raw material, and interest
upon capital, make a net profit of $2,000,000,-
000. In other words, the official statistics
prove that capital invested in manufacturing,
where it is given by law a monopoly of the
American market, yields a net profit of twen
ty-nine per cent per year to the manufactur
ers.
Unprotected and competing with the Old
World, the American farmer is not making
any net profit whatever upon his investment.
As a rule, he barely gets a living.
Coming now to the question as to what cot
ton really is worth, let us figure it out another
way. Suppose the manufacturer paid you
fifteen cents per pound for your cotton. In
that case, a bale weighing 500 pounds would
cost the manufacturer $75. He would manu
facture it into 3,000 yards of calico at a cost
of about slls of $l2O. Selling his calico at
five cents per pound, the bale of cotton would
yield him $150; therefore his profit would be
about S3O per bale.
Let us suppose that the manufacturer paid
twenty cents per pound for cotton. What
roads, one on each side of the island. On the
4th we marched a few miles down the road on
the east side and halted until the next morn
ing, the cavalry capturing the surgeon of the
26th New York colored troops. We were re
inforced by two companies of the 32nd Geor
gia, two companies of the 2nd South Carolina
cavalry, with two ten-pound parrot guns, be
longing to the Washington artillery, from
Charleston. On the sth we marched several
miles farther down the road, and encountered
three companies of the 26th New York colored
troops under Major Dye. The artillery fired
several shots, killing three and stampeding
the rest. Two companies of the regulars were
deployed as skirmishers, one on each side of
the road, to keep from being ambushed.
Major Wayne ordered Sergeant Major John
T. Cheshire to carry an order to one of the
companies in front and by some means missed
our men and was shot down by the negroes be
fore he was aware of their presence. He was
shot through the body and after he fell, sev
eral of them attempted to baydnWt him- but
would be the result to him? The bale of cot
ton would cost him SIOO. He would manu
facture it into 3,000 yards of calico at a cost
of about $l4O. If he got no more than five
cents per yard for his product, he would make
$lO per bale on each bale of cotton that he
made into calico.
In cotton manufactories the investment of
capital is about $650,000,000. Therefore, if
every bale of a crop of 12,000,000 bales should
be manufactured into calico which was sold
by the manufacturer at five cents per pound,
he could afford to pay twenty cents per pound,
because his net profit would be $120,000,000,
or nearly twenty per cent upon the capital
invested.
Os course, there may be other manufactures
of cotton besides calico, which pay a larger
per cent of profit. There may be some which
pay less. The probabilities are that there
is considerable uniformity in the profit of
manufacturing the staple into cloth. There
fore it would seem to be capable of exact
demonstration that the manufacturers could
afford to pay twenty cents per pound for cot
ton and still make enormous profits, beyond
a reasonable and legitimate return upon their
money.
Rather than pay a fair price for cotton and
reduce their fat earnings to a more equitable
proportion, the spinners are closing down their
mills, or running on short time. This is the
kind of patriotism the Tariff tree bears. The
victims of the tariff must submit to home
extortion, to keep Europe from competing in
our markets; but the beneficiaries of the sys
tem will turn out their employes to starve
rather than allow their unnatural profits re
duced to something reasonable.
were prevented by a white officer. Our skir
mishers arrived in time to rescue him and the
negroes fled. "While we were in hot pursuit
of them, Major Wayne received orders that
the main body of the enemy -were advancing
on the other road and we were liable to be
cut off. We then made back to the other road
on the west side and marched down that to
meet them, but night coming on we halted.
During the night we were reinforced by two
rifle pieces belonging to the Marion artillery
from Charleston. On the morning of the
6th the command moved forward with Com
panies F and M deployed as skirmishers.
After going about one mile we encountered
the enemy in force on the Waterloo planta
tion. An officer’s note-book, captured after
the battle, gave their number at 4,500 men,
two white and three colored regiments, be
sides their artillery. The public road ran
through the plantation from north to south,
while banks of. dirt were thrown up around
the fields in place of fences, and on the right
of hbe road theye Was a crop djftffi from east to