PAGE TWELVE
The Neal Bank Wreckers
(concluded from page one)
How, in the name of common sense,' did the
Court of Appeals reach the conclusion that
the Legislature of 1893 meant to punish bank
officials who had no existence, and regulate
the management of banking associations
which have been dead more than forty-five
years ?
How did they escape the conclusion that
the banks referred to, were existing banks,
and that the word, “ shall”, related to the fu
ture instead of the past?
The Legislature of 1893 used the words
“bank or banking association of this State”.
Did that mean the dead banks of 1860, or
the live banks of 1893? Just use your moth
er wit.
When the Legislature of 1893 declared,
that any bank officer “SHALL” be guilty of
a felony, if he borrows more than 10 per cent,
of the capital stock of the bank, does the
word “shall” refer to 1860?
The Court of Appeals virtually held that it
did. A “decision” more shockingly in con
flict with law and sanity never disgraced ju
dicial records.
But what is there for “C. T. Ladson and
Companv” to gloat over?
When the panic of 1907 came, they had in
Cuba $160,000 of the bank’s money—sl2o,ooo
borrowed by Ladson and the two officials, and
$40,000 by Ladson individually.
If the $160,000 had been where the law com
manded that it should be, the bank would
have tided over the crisis, got into the Clear
ing House Association, issued soap-wrappers
as the other Atlanta banks did; and neither
the depositors, nor the stockholders, would
have suffered.
Because of that felonious use of the bank’s
funds, nine thousand depositors were crip
pled, and the stockholders lost the entire
SIOO,OOO that they had invested in the bank.
Three separate and distinct sections of our
Criminal Code were violated by these three
bank-wreckers: they were only indicted under
one section; and they got off because the Court
of Appeals, most farcically, “decided” that
the word “SHALL” means nearly fifty years
ago; and that the words “any bank of this
State”, in the act of 1893, means “any bank
that used to be in this State prior to the Civil
War”.
One of the St. Louis boodlers got loose
from the Folk prosecutions, because the ar
ticle “the” was omitted in the indictment.
Another lawbreaker escaped, because in one
place his name appeared as “Cohn”, instead
of “Cohen”.
The “C. T. Ladson and Company” played
the game in similar luck.
But if you were to see a defendant ac
quitted because, on a trial for cattle-stealing,
the indictment failed to state the value of the
cows—there being no dispute as to the fact of
the larceny—you would not restore him to
your respect —would you?
Lookout, Duckworth!
Dear Sir: —I see in the last Jeffersonian a let
ter from President John Lee and your answer to
the same. It is fair that they meet you in the
open, and we, the Farmers’ Union of Toombs
county, are not going to be satisfied with any
thing else, at least, or refer the matter- to that
Committee that you ask for. We are not only
going to form resolutions, but demand a hearing
that will give satisfaction.
Yours truly, J. L. JONES.
Lyons. Georgia.
ANSWER.
I know the country people so well that there
has been no doubt on my mind as to the way
this thing would go. John Lee and Duck are
new-comers. They don’t know the Georgia
farmers. The woods are on fire: there is a
universal demand for an open investigation.
This demand will have to be met. T. E. W.
Gbe Jeffersonian
Mr. Outler and His Open Letter:
Ireland and Free Trade
(concluded from page nine)
traders? If Mr. Outler is as familiar with
English and Irish history as he ought to be,
before venturing into a discussion of it, he
knows that it was the famine in Ireland that
forced Sir Robert Peel to open the ports of
Great Britain to the breadstuff's of the outside
world. Previous to that time, the Corn Laws
—that is, the high tariff duties —had given
the landlords of England a monopoly in sup
plying the people of Great Britain with food,
and these landlords used the monopoly heart
lessly,—as the trusts are now using their mo
nopolies in the United States. There came
upon Ireland the potato blight of 1845, and
her people began to perish from sheer starva
tion. Concerning this famine, the historian,
Justin McCarthy, in “The History of Our
Own Times”, says: “The starving peasants
streamed into the nearest considerable towns
hoping for relief there, and found too often
that there the very sources of charity .were
dried up. Many, very many, thus disappoint
ed wearily lay down on the pavements and
died there. Along the country roads, one met,
everywhere, groups of gaunt, hollow-eyed
wretches, clothed in miserable old sacking,
and wandering aimlessly with some vague
idea of finding food. Many remained in their
empty hovels and took death there when it
came. In some regions the country seemed
unpeopled for miles, and a fervid national
writer declared that the impression made
upon him by the aspect of the country then
was of one silent, vast desolation. For the
landlord class there came a friend, the En
cumbered Estate Court; for the small farmer
and peasant class there floated up the Ameri
can emigrant ship.”
Historians calculate that 2,500,000 of the
Irish people died, victims of that famine
which forced the English ministry to open
the ports, and adopt the policy of free trade,
which has ever since been maintained. Dur
ing the prolonged and heated debate over Sir
Robert Peel’s proposition to repeal the Corn
Laws, and to give to the United Kingdom the
benefit of free trade, Lord John Russell, re
ferring to the pitiable condition of Ireland,
said, “We have made Ireland, —I speak it de
liberately,—the most degraded, and miserable
country in the world.” As that was in. 1846,
and had reference to conditions that were al
ready existing before the adoption of free
trade, Mr. Outler will be a hard man to con
vince if he doesn’t decide that Ireland’s pres
ent condition is very much better than it was
at the time Russell referred to, and realize
that free trade had nothing to do whatever
with her backwardness.
The whole foreign commerce of the United
Kingdom—imports and exports together—•
was, in 1846, no more than $649,900,000;
thirty years later it showed the enormous in
crease to $3,176,750,000; it is now upwards of
$5,000,000,000.
Inasmuch as everybody knows of the won
derful progress which Scotland and England
have made under free trade, it must be quite
evident that Ireland’s backwardness is due to
something else. There is no difficulty what
ever in locating the cause of Ireland’s failure
to keep step with her two neighbors in the
grand march of industrial and educational de
velopment. Put one hand on the absentee,
rack-renting English landlord, and the other
upon the Roman Catholic priest, and you have
got the two culprits who are guilty of the long
years of Ireland's misgovernment, spoliation
and' misery.
Mr. Outler, no doubt, is aware of the fact
that under Mr. Gladstone was begun the poli
cy of governmental purchase of the estates of
the absentee landlords, and the division of the
land into small tracts which were sold to the
Irish upon long terms, at low interest. This
new departure has developed in Ireland al
most as rapidly as the R. F. D. system has
grown in the United States. The consequence
is, that a revolution has taken place in the
condition of the Irish. They are now forging
to the front, as rapidly as any other people m
the world.
Whenever they can throw off the burdens of
the priesthood, they will show their ability to
do exactly what England and Scotland have
done under free trade.
I beg to call Mr. Cutler’s attention to an
extract or two from a book entitled “Priests
and People in Ireland”, by Michael J. F.
McCarthy, barrister-at-law. This work was
published in 1903, and describes conditions as
they were seen by this Irish lawyer, who was
a Catholic and who was excommunicated be
cause he was brave enough to tell the truth on
Papa’s hierarchy:* He says:
“I am a Catholic, I am an Irishman, I have a
right to speak.”
‘‘lt is sacerdotal interference and domination in
Catholic Ireland, beginning in the infant school
and ending with the legacy for masses after
death, that will be found to be the true and uni
versal cause of that universal degeneracy upon
which we so commiserate ourselves.”
“All the factories and business of Bessbrook
are the work of Protestant brains and hands. The
Protestants have no Cardinal Logue to mystify
and interfere with them.”
*****
“I regret to record an equally odious custom
prevalent in the north of Ireland, namely, collec
tions on the dead bodies of poor Catholics. . . .
The coffin is laid (in some instances) on chairs
outside the door, and a large dish or plate is
placed upon it, and all those present come for
ward and place their offerings in the plate. In
one instance .... a widow offered the priests
. . . . $25 if they would consent not to have
such a collection. The priests refused the offer:
for not alone would the collection amount to more
money, but they said they could not set the prece
dent of breaking through an old-established and
lucrative custom.”
*****
“Few people, even in Ireland, realize what vast
amounts are handed over to the priests for mass
es. ‘The Most Rev. Dr. O’Dwyer, Bishop of Lim
erick, begs to acknowledge the receipt of ... .
$8,300 for masses for the repose of the souls of
. . . . Mary O’Grady, of her parents and rela
tives .... (April 13th, 1901).’”
Mr. McCarthy proceeds at length to de
scribe how the priests paralyze the minds of
the common people in Ireland, and how they
inculcate the belief that the people can have
communion with God, and need expect no re
lief from the Almighty, excepting through
the intermediary, the priest, who must be paid
in money for his intercession.
Continuing, he says:
“If we examine the standing army of priests
and nuns who are quartered in such affluence in
the City of Dublin, our astonishment can not fail
to be increased at finding so much vice and misery
among the poorer classes of the Catholic popu
lation.”
If Mr. Outler will refer to any history of
Ireland, giving the condition of her people
prior to the adoption of the free trade policy
in 1846, he will discover that this afflicted
country is infinitely better off, at this time,
than she has ever been since the Pope of Rome
sold her, and conveyed her in writing, to the
Norman King, Henry 11.
Mr. Outler concludes his very interesting
letter by calling me a chronic “scrapper”.
Well, that isn’t such a very bad name. So
long as a man is fighting for the right thing,
and against what is wrong, the more he
scraps, the better. The best preachers are the
scrappers,—they fight sin in general, and sin
ners in particular. The best doctors are the
scrappers,—they fight disease, ignorance, su
perstition, antiquated notions and practices of
all sorts. Every industrious man is a scrap
per,—he fights inertia, and the dormant pow
ers of nature; he battles, and produces. Our
best Presidents have been scrappers,—they
fought for what was just, and made war upon