PLEASING POINTS TOR POPULISTS
This country must be saved by the white
vote. Its prosperity depends upon white su
premacy throughout its borders. The negro
has equal rights to property, prosperity and
the protection of the laws. When he grasps
at more than that, he antagonizes the prog
ress of the country, and its stability. Bryan
knows this. Taft knows it. Yet these two
candidates of acknowledged corrupt parties
are “hob-nobbin’ ” with the negroes for
their votes.
******
Bryan says, “I surrender my individual
opinions, to the superior wisdom of my par
ty.” When he made his famous Castle Gar
den speech, he was in favor of government
ownership of railroads, of a parcels post, of
government savings banks, of postal tele
graphs, etc. Now he doesn’t favor any of them.
What will he be in favor of in November, or
next July? Bryan is a weather cock. He
wants the coon and the coons.
Parker said, ”A dollar a day is enough for
any working man.” Parker is for Bryan.
R. B. CARL LEE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
A mass meeting of the People’s Party is
hereby called to meet at Gracewood, Ga., Sat
urday, August 22, at 3:30 p. m., to elect a
new executive committee and transact any
other business of interest to the party.
M. J. LEE, Ch’m.
C. D. TOOLE, Sec.
Ex. Com.
PREFERS WATSON TO BRYAN.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, candidate for pres
ident of the United States on the Populist
ticket, received an ovation at Atlanta on July
9, of which any American might be justly
proud. We do not hesitate to say that we
would prefer to see Watson as the Democratic
standard bearer rather than Bryan.—Fort
Gaines Sentinel.
HON. JAMES R. HOGAN FOR WATSON
AND WILLIAMS.
Agnes, Ga., Aug. 14, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My dear Mr. Watson: Your favor received
and carefully considered. I have never taken
much stock in presidential elections. The
South always going one way, I sometimes even
fail to vote; but I would be very proud if it
were so you could be elected president. I
think that you are an abler man and better
fitted for the place than Bryan. Besides, you
are a Southerner; more than this, you are a
Georgian. I fail to see where it would be
very irregular for you to receive the electoral
vote of Georgia. Taking this view of it, I
put in a word for you every opportunity I
have and expect to continue to do so.
But my health being bad this summer a.nd
fearing that I would not be able to canvass the
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
district, I think it best not to accept the
place of elector. I think it would be'well
for you to speak in this county, if you
can; it might gain you many votes. I have
heard many say that they would vote for Mr.
Watson, but there was no chance for him to
be elected and they hated to throw away their
vote. This would apply just as well to Mr.
Bryan, for we all know there is no chance for
Bryan to be' elected. So would it not be
better for us to throw our vote away on a
Southern man and a Georgian than to throw
it away on an extreme Western man? Hop
ing you success, I am, very truly,
J. R. HOGAN.
OLD WARREN ORGANIZES.
Tuesday, August 4, the Populist party was
called together at the courthouse in Warren
ton, Ga., for purpose of reorganization. Hon.
L. D. McGregor was made permanent chair
man. In accepting the chairmanship, Col.
McGregor made a very strong and eloquent
speech, urging the Populist party and all of
those in line with Jeffersonian democracy to
organize and be ready for the call in Novem
ber to support the Hon. Thos. E. Watson for
President.
After several short speeches by others, the
meeting adjourned by adopting the following
resolution:
Resolved, That we, the Populists of Warren
county assembled, do urge that every voter
in the state of Georgia who is in line with
Jeffersonian democracy, lend his every ef
fort, support and influence, to the Hon. Thos.
E. Watson for President.
W. P. HOWELL, Sec.
POPULISTS MEET AT LANEBURG, ARK.
The mass meeting convention of the People’s
party met pursuant to thecal! of the executive
committee. It was called to order and J. P.
Otwell chosen chairman and 0. S. Jones sec
retary. On motion our county central commit
tee was reorganized, J. W. Mason elected
chairman, and Jno. M. Pittman secretary.
On motion, 0. S. Jones was recommended as
Watson election for this district. After several
old-time talks the convention adjourned, sub
ject to the call of the executive committee.
J. P. OTWELL, Ch’m.
0. S. JONES, Sec.
TO NEBRASKA POPULISTS.
Since 1896 the Bryan men have been in pos
session of our party in this state. We have
been unable to do anything because of the
gavel rule used by those men whereby we were
kept down. Mr. Tibbles, in “A Suppressed
Populist Newspaper,” tells the methods in
plain language whereby we were defeated. Our
last legislature, however, passed a direct pri
mary law and we now have it in our power to
nominate straight populists. There has never
been a time but that the majority of popu
lists in this state ware In favor of middle-of
the-road action. Now, since we have it in our
power to control our party, let us do so. One
man, Mr. A. W. Potts, of Stockham, has filed
for presidential elector on the Watson ticket.
Let every Watson man go to the polls on Sep
tember 1 and cast his vote for Mr. Potts. See
io itj, that all other populists with whom you
are acquainted do the same and Mr. Potts
will be nominated. The lowest conservative
estimate, placed by democrats and republicans,
for Watson in this state, is thirty thousand.
Let us nominate Mr. Potts and in November
make that vote at least fifty thousand. Do not
forget the date of the primary, September 1.
Write me and send me names of Watson popu
lists. Funds are also needed for distributing
literature.
Yours respectfully,
ALLEN L. POWELL.
FLORIDA WAKING UP.
Kissimee, Fla., August 8, 1908.
To the Populists of Osceola County, Fla.:
You are requested to meet at Cash Store,
in Kissimee, on the 20th of this month at 10
a. m., to counsel together. Also to select del
egates to attend the grand mass meeting to be
held at Ocala, Fla., on August 27, for the pur
pose of appointing electoral ticket for Wat
son and Williams.
L. H. COHOON.
C. J. WOODALL.
G. B. LAWSON.
J. S. BRONSON.
T. J. BELL.
I. M. LANIER.
F. H. LAWSON.
PEOPLE’S PARTY MASS MEETING.
A mass meeting of the People’® Party is
called to meet in Ocala, Fla., on the 27th
day of August, 1908, at 2 o’clock p. m., for
the purpose of appointing a Stae eleeoral
ticket for Watson and Williams. Also for the
purpose of electing a new State Executive
Committee, and for such other business as
may come before it.
The Populists of each county are hereby
earnestly requested to have representatives at
this meeting. All who favor the principles of
the People’s Party are invited to attend. Dis
tinguished speakers from other states will be
invited to address this meeting.
By order of the State Executive Committee.
F. H. LYTLE, Ch’m.
W. J. BORDEN, Sec.
ALABAMA POPULISTS.
All Alabamians who believe in the principles
of Jeffersonian Democracy, and desire to sup
port Hon. Thos. E. Watson, the greatest advo
cate of those principles, for President of the
United States, are requested to send their
names and address to the undersigned at
Opelika, Ala.
We want Alabama to give Mr. Watson a good
vote in the November election, and we can not
hope to do the greatest amount of good unless
we organize. Act quickly, for our time is get
ting short. J. ROY MoGINTY.
Opelika, Ala., July 20, 1908.
PAGE SEVEN