PAGE SIXTEEN
h CTi i 131
I JKL* ZH7 /]
I” Be Sure First You Don’t Risk I
_,y a c ®t a». our risk. Don t spend a penny before you have tested It, before you are One Single, Solitary, Red Cent. You must use a postage stamp to write for it or
J SO w 9 , you , have seen and felt. JVe know what we have to offer, we know the we cannot know that you need it, but we will return a 2-cent stamp to you after 30 days
P mv VC 5 ? f whatwo offer - We trust to the public’s sense of if you ask for it. We want the test to be absolutely, entirely and completely
■ JtohV?T„SH ‘v sick or w ° ma ? suffering day by day for lack of the free of any and all cost to yon if Vita)-Ore does not help you. We do not. want ii
h-nnw n™ Vi? f e n ls , giad and happy to pay when they get the help. We know this, we it to cost you one single penny unless the 30-day treatment benefits you, unless HI
K tXTthe rIX XJS’X k “ ow ,y e * iU g9t our P ft y hen does hel P. and so we it proves Vit®-Ore the remedy for your ills, as it has proven the remedy for so many gig
U take the risk. Wo want to take it—all of it. Vie are glad to do it. thousands of others. We don’t want a nickle of your hard-earned money O?
andq of n \^ U ! ™® St A an ? & that leJ i d in thous : unless yoU are glad ’ wllling ’ happy and proud to send to us for what Vitte-Ore has
ands of cases to positive knowledge that Vitas-Ore is a right medicine for sick and accomplished for you. Them we want our pay and deserve it. but not oilier- 111
aLmg, poor, thin-blooded, weak, debilitated, worn-out, Rheumatism-racked, Stomach- wise! We take absolutely all of the risk. We leave it for you to decide to IS
M tortured, Kidney-tyrannized, Heart-frightened men and women. It is a test that leads say that we have earned our pay or that we do noVdeserve it Bead H
orß PoPUla i ty \ T l ,atiSWby Wetakea,ltbeßißkandwhy read the proof we upon this page; read what ViS"-Ore is; read what it lias i
we plainly and boldly say to you Don’t Spend a Penny until you have tested it. accomplished for others, and write today for the SI.OO package on 30 days’ trial.
--IWKDOEJIIMIII IBS MMHUM ——MBWITfITM MBH Mlll ll■— Ak— | ■!W ml |„ I|| I MPT in i
I Cured Foinjfears Ago. Read This KIDNEY and BOWEL DISOBDERSI
Permanently Relieved of Rheumatism and Nervous** I walF Pained Her. Also Had Rheumatism; ®
g ness at the Age of Seventy-eight. 8 I Stomach and Female Troubles. W
Ikdianapoms, Ind.— l was afflicted with Rheumatism for SlCk were <^ idney £ badl £ af L ected - Bowels
many years, the attacks being especially strong during last winter. package of Vitae-Ore, enough for 30 days’ continuous d an r " as in *H ch a b^ d conditio ? that
H I could not sleep nights on account of the pain which centered in treatment, bv mail, nostoaid. and we want to 5t "***&??& vor U^d eat anything without its almost iagffi
Mmy back and left leg. My Nervous System was also affected. The to you on 30 days’ trial. P We dJn’t want a nennv wl “ C - J als ° - had Rheumatism and bad
MM doctors who treated me said they could not help mo. as I was just want vou to trv it lust V l°a 0 K dow - n 225 counds to H 5 pounds. I
seventy-eight years old, and my system aXi n pfor?? and wTilbeSldlto lend Hto la®.? 1 I had been in this state for a year, but the first ®
was entirely worn out. I doctored with takeAbsohifll vol! thor kkw» In tO y J Ve I M > lof October 1903, JLgrew worse: my back and side
so many kinds of medicine that I had take absolutely all the risk—we take all chances. You I ff a I pained me so much I could hardly go about, my g&M
—•- a small drug store at homo, but noth- don t risk a penny I All we ask is that you use V.-O. \ z»J Sidneys acted continually day and night, as MH
iw'/ ing helped me. I had new hopes, as » or 3° days and pay ns SI.OO if it has helped you, if you X-.>y did my bowels: there seemed to be a fire in my Era
VI.AI summer approached, that the warm are satisfied that it has done you more than SI.OO stomach and at times the suffering was so Em
ffo'V weather won Id bring me relief, but this worth of positive, actual, visible good. Otherwise you &rcat it seemed I could not live. I took every- I
u hope was not gratified, as 1 grew no pay nothing, we ask nothing, we want nothing. Can L, ♦ ofl inclu ding several kinds of Baai
\'A\, fi better. Then I gave up all thought of you not spare 100 minutes during the next ao davs to P aten t medicines: some relieved me for a short I
vX' l ' ’ a cure, thinking that the doctors were try it? van you not give 5 minutes to write for it e time, but none cured me. My periods lasted MM
right and that nothing could help me. minutes to properly prepare itupon and » !•' tW ° to , three weeks - and no one but a »
< OnedaylreadtheVitss-Oreadver- minutes each d£y for to davs t H woman can know what I suffered. I saw the M
’ll tlsement in my church paper and sent takes Cannot vou viva Fno minX« w iVt®" U ad yertisement and I decided to seo
Si ■> ''ftiWait for a Package. After five days it had health new sr££h »aw * V “ “ eanS helned me ’? T ou l a , do and sent for a Package. It £9
/( done me so much good that I was well P .n f >rfrvvlL' n ?e?it* « r naSH?A,!i- W » b l OO 'v’ new arc ®’ new sound St Ikcpt on u sing it and today lam M
P leased > After using two packages I /s® «happiness? You are to be the earth l a wl n«w e lt; a ”? think R the grandest thing on
M J was entirely cured of the Rheumatism U n?- C * “ r * satisfied with your decision, are perfectly helns’ T.mmn,.?. ««’7 every ailment in the family and it always
MH and my nervous system is now so willing to trust to your honor, to your judgment, as to ps * ■ loomuc b cannot be said of it. Mrs. J. B. Mahaffey. IM
wonderfully improved and strength- or not V.-O. has benefited you. Read what T ~ ■
ened that I can work with as much V.-O, is, and write today for a dollar package on trial. ■—iiirmiMiiiiiini 1. n m- —r.„ M
x force and vigor as I could twenty or ‘
twenty-five years ago. Vitse-Ore has caused an entire change in my MaMmwmMM g g— atswjp » » »». . MHH
MM system, seeming to make a new man of me. I wanted to wait with g Ara OJr
my report until I was fully convinced that the benefit is entire and — l W ir W
permanent, and I write at this time without the least inducement »rw so By g xCr sda You Do ifilct Wish to Write 81 better
ftim-JSSS °' , NOCL CO ” Bia,.. CHICAGO
win oonunuo to 0o a W e»,„ e
kev. j oh> tucHS, WU7 Ashland Ave. These properties of the springs come from the natural , . JEFFERSONIAN
' deposits of mineral in the earth through which water and want you to send me a full-Edzed One Dollar
Do Vaum I aUk forces its way only a very small proportion of the y i<a ®: Oro for me <o tr y- < “«r®e to pay
n@ a rooi a6RFS medicinal substances in these mineral deposits being u 1 / 10 ls b ® r nefltß »>®» hut will not pay a penny if
Cupoub. IND.. Mar *27 I TO .-l"« X “SL. comnoundl V. r % C ? DSiS V“ “■ «aa‘-..l *” JUWf . Tl '» «’n»-b3 M
tism by Vitas-Ore about four years ago. but I use it regularly for mnnt« which°nTA^> O mX^<i l t^G U /kK5^»,?^ a '5 neS Um ’ be went by mail no /n Vi 6 treatment is to
two reasons: First: it strengthens my Nerves wonderfully. lam 82 ments which are among the chief curative agents in » po&tpaids
BM years old and preach every Sunday, do all the work of a pastor and nearly every healing mineral spring, and are neces-
gyal serve the congregation. Second: it keeps my Kidneys in good order sary for the Creation and retention of health. One
so that I have no trouble to urinate, which often is the trouble of package Os this mineral substance, mixed, with a * WA ** WCI
MM old men. I never will do without Vitae-Oro. If everyone would quart of water, equals in medicinal strength and ' ' - J
MM only know bow good it is, no one would be without it. curative, healing value, many gallons of the world’s muuai
Rev. John Fuchs. powerful mineral waters, drunk fresh at the springs. ■
I IF f ! SS'SS’FEf FOmyi Rheumatism ST A TB.
M • VW *s> HAT r r rxwovi a Stomach Diaordor, Female Ailments, runctiona! Heart • i
I Trouble, Catarrh of Any Part, Nervous Prostration, Anaemia, Sores and Ulcers, Constipation or Other Street nr
M Bowel Trouble, Impure Blood, or are Just Worn-out, send for a 30-day trial treatment of Vitas-Ore right Kuril
j sway and seo what this remedy will do for you. AuDRESS UO AS BKLOWe KOUtO
Cbe Jeffersonian