gard of them. We would turn in horror from
sentencing a man to hang for petit larceny,
or any other small offense, yet we do not hesi
tate at all to sentence him to tuberculosis, or
filthy skin disease or. the ravages of vermin,
or rheumatism or anything else that takes his
life in a more wretched manner than bv hang
ing;
Governor Patterson has made the right
move. Investigating Committees, whose visit
is known days in advance, and for which the
officials of any institution carefully prepare,
are generally nothing but a whitewashing ar
rangement. They see cleanliness, where dirt
reigned supreme but shortly ago; they are
served a good, substantial meal, and informed
that the prisoners get its like every day; they
are taken about by urbane attendants, and all
is lovely. They can but report that the stories
of discharged prisoners are “without foun
dation ’ and so the grim, subterranean trag
edy goes on, year after year. There exists no
reason why a prison, of all places, should not
be the cleanest and most healthful, for the
inmates are under the absolute authority of
superiors. If they are diseased on entrance,
they may be isolated from the healthy; if
they are dirty, they may be forced to be clean.
Rules of sanitation may be rigidly enforced.
Foulness anywhere is directly the fault of in
different officials. Would that more govern
ors would take upon themselves the personal
responsibility for investigating prison condi
tions that Governor Patterson has assumed.
DUCKWORTH HAS NOT ANSWER
ED THOSE QUESTIONS. THEY ARE
FAIR QUESTIONS, VITALLY IMPOR
TANT TO FARMERS' UNION. BOYS
MAKE HIM ANSWER.
“Obituary Notices 99
(concluded from page one)
member of the Farmers’ Union, and so are
the gentlemen who adopted those memorial
resolutions. To yield three pages to the ship
subsidy thieves, while refusing three inches
to the Pilcher memorial was ungrateful, cold
hearted selfishness.
“The Merchant Marine 99
Woe unto the man who tries to discuss a
question that he knows nothing about.
After preliminary twistings, wrigglings
and squirmings, our amusing would-be Boss,
Mr. Duckworth, at last, at last comes out in
favor of the Merchant Marine, which is to be
restored without a ship-subsidy.
How disheartened the ship-subsidy Leaguers
will be, when they read Duck’s last editorial.
The Texas papers reported our would-be Boss
as having made “an enthusiastic speech”, in
the Galveston Convention, in favor of the
ship-subsidy.
The American Flag, (which is published by
the Ship-subsidy League,) did the same
thing.
When I saw those newspapers and the
League magazine exulting over Duckworth’s
ship-subsidy speech, I put an ironical “piece”
in The Jeffersonian, calling on those peri
odicals to set Duck right. Duck was urged to
demand of those papers and the ship-subsidy
magazine that they retract, correct, etc.
That was several weeks ago. Tn his paper,
Duck said nothing. If he wrote to the pe
riodicals above mentioned, I never heard
of it.
Why all this sudden agitation about the
Merchant Marine? What has happened to
make the situation so acute?
Why this simultaneous republication, in
several different States, of Ship-subsidy-
League literature?
Duckworth has even caught the Hobson
belly-ache about Japan. Doesn’t everybody
know that, if we need more transports, col-
Glje 3effersonlan,
The merry merger goes right on, notwith
standing such victories as that of the Govern-
The Telegraph
Trust.
is boldly advocated on the
ground that the public will be better served,
and the affairs more economically managed
under one head than as competitors. The
plea that any private monopoly of a public
utility will be better for the people than the
“wasteful competitive system” has always
been made, and is most plausible, until it is
thoroughly understood from bitter experience
that private corporations are not in the busi
ness for the public benefit—and what econo
mies are effected add to the salaries of the
officers, and the “melon cutting” of the stock
holders, instead of lightening rates to the
consumer, or giving him better service. Re
lieved of competition, and without restraint,
the service is just as good as the monopoly
thinks necessary—and no more.
Mr. Taft will recommend to Congress that
the regulation of rates for interstate tele
grams be put within the power of the Inter
state Commerce Commission, —that august
body which is making about as much real
progress as a cat in pursuit of its own tail.
Mrs. Augusta Stetson, of New York, has
just been suspended from her leadership of
“Malicious
Animal
Magnetism.”
This is something a bit new,
and demands a more expanded explanation,
which is afforded by the diary kept by one
liers, etc., in case of sudden war, that we can
buy all we want, in forty-eight hours?
If Japan should be so absolutely crazy as to
declare war on us, what is to hinder us from
purchasing whatever transports and colliers
we need, from the French, the Germans, the
Dutch, and the Italians? Why couldn’t the
Government requisition as many of our own
twenty-five thousand steamers and sailing
vessels as it needed?
I wonder whether Duckworth ever heard of
such a standard authority as “The States
man's Manual”. If he will procure a copy,
and look up the “shipping” of the various
countries of the world, he will begin to real
ize the absurdity of his position.
The merchant marine of Great Britain con
sists of more than twenty thousand vessels.
That of Germany more than four thousand.
That of France, more than fourteen thousand.
China has about three thousand merchant
vessels; Japan, five thousand; Canada, six
thousand; Russia, three thousand; Turkey
more than one thousand; Italy more than five
thousand; Spain, more than one thousand.
Besides these competitors for ocean freights,
there are the merchant marines of South
America, Australia and several other coun
tries. How could a $5,000,000 subsidy affect
competition with such an enormous number
of foreign vessels?
To hear these ship-subsidy thieves jabber,
you would think that the United States had
no merchant vessels, at all.
In 1908, we had 25,425 ships afloat, trans
porting freight and passengers on the oceans,
the seas, and the Great Lakes.
We have as large a Merchant Marine as
Great Britain! (I myself was agreeably sur
prised by these figures.)
We have 14,499 sailing vessels on the At
lantic, the Gulf, the Pacific, and the Lakes.
We have 10,926 ocean-going steamers. Be
sides which we have nearly four thousand
barges and boats.
In 1908 we had, according to the United
States Statistical Abstract, ocean-going ves
sels engaged in foreign commerce (not on
ment versus Standard Oil.
The consolidation of the
several telegraph companies
the First Church of Christ,
Scientist, of that city, on the
charge of practising “mali
cious animal magnetism”.
Mr. Strickler, a gentleman whom it seems has
been the victim of an assault truly terrific.
Certain of the followers of Mrs. Stetson, to
gether with that lady, it is said, would as
semble themselves and surcharge the atmos
phere with wicked thoughts against Mr.
Strickler, which wended their way through
the circumnambient air to pounce viciously
upon him. Through his own remarkable tele
pathic powers, he learned of this plot, and
barely saved himself from its appalling effect.
But the Church is decidedly split up over the
case.
The attention of the Government should be
directed to the matter, at the forthcoming
session of Congress. It is too prodigious to
be handled by any sovereign State, alone and
unaided. Wise legislators have tried to pro
tect the citizenry by laws against concealed
weapons, but what of this new and deadly
mental arsenal? The sandbag is as nothing
beside a bunch of “mental practitioners” who
fall afoul of the unsuspecting victim. Nor
barriers, nor distance, afford the slightest pro
tection. They fix their mighty intellects upon
“suggestion”, and lo! who may escape? Al
most before he realizes what is happening,
the vindictive thought-wave has drowned
him, sitting peacefully in his office, or the ani
mal magnetism smites him like a bolt from
the blue.
No punishment can be too severe for Mrs.
Stetson, wicked witch that she is, and, indeed,
nothing would be adequate except for her ex
ecutioners to start a cerebral combustion that
would flash from “Bosting” to New York,
and burn her to a cinder—much as the good
fairy used to do with the cruel stepmother.
Lakes, or Coastwise) which had a carrying
capacity of 940,068 tons.
Coastwise, we had ships with carrying ca
pacity of 6,425,377 tons. On the Lakes, our
tonnage was 31,000,000.
Handicapped by high-tariffs and out-of
date navigation laws, the American ship
owner makes a surprisingly good showing.
And on top of all this, American citizens
own hundreds of the vessels that fly foreign
flags. These vessels have a carrying capacity
of 1,000,000 tons. In case of sudden war, these
American citizens would be only too glad to
run those ships into American ports, fly the
American flag; and do business for, or sell
out to, the American government.
What these ship-subsidy fellows are after
is—
Public money for transcontinental rail
roads which maintain lines of steamers which
don’t pay.
That’s all there is to it.
(P. S.—A casual reader would be misled as
to the nature of the three-page Brooks article.
Read it again. You will see that while he op
poses one kind of subsidy, he proposes an
other. He favors “a bounty on non-dutiable
articles”, and “a preferential tariff on all im
ports”. That’s whipping the devil around
the stump. Both the bounty and the prefer
ential tariff would take money out of the
pockets of the common people, for the benefit
of ship-owners.)
Fooling You, Farmer!
The accused Farmers’ Union officials are
telling it around, behind closed doors, that
Mr. Grady of Kentucky was the delegate to
the Toronto Convention.
Yes: he was the publicly elected delegate.
But Boodlehamer was chosen at the secret
meeting, which was held by the inner circle,
at night. Boodle himself said that this secret
meeting did not break up until three o’clock
in the morning.
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE FIVE