ippine, Porto Rico, Hawaii, and District of
Columbia issues.
The national bank obtained the loan of
over ten millions of our national funds by
putting up as collateral State, City and Rail
road bonds. But, unless the official Treasury
Report is deliberately deceptive, not a dollar
has been issued by the banks on anything but
government bonds.
The wording of the notes deceived me as it
did Wayland, Warren and Debs; but I made
an investigation, and found out the fact here
in stated.
It is seldom that a Socialist knows what he
is howling about.
How Is This, Bro. Lovett?
Last year, cotton was selling at seven and
eight cents. This year, it has brought 13 and
14, and even 15 cents. Last year money was
“tight”: this year it has been easier.
Last year, there was no extraordinary ac
tivity in the raising of mission funds: this
year, there has been. The exposure which
The Jeffersonian published put all the
workers and denominational papers on their
mettle. They have done their level best to
hide some of the facts, extenuate others, deny
some and defend everything, and to increase
the contributions to Foreign Missions.
From one end of Georgia to the other, a
certain man, of the red-top variety, has been
vigorously denounced. Most of these pulpit
attacks were made by the Methodist parsons;
but there were a few Baptist preachers who
copied the un-Christian example.
The sectarian press has been extremely ran
corous. Anybody could get all the space
needed to misrepresent me. Nobody could
get any, to defend me. Editors and card
writers lambasted me, to their hearts’ content.
Then, again, there were the missionary
pamphlets—Towson’s tirade, Crumpton’s “re
ply”, and various others. But what has been
the result? The Conference reports, published
in the Atlanta papers last week, show that
there has been a decided gain in home-mission
contributions, and a decided slump in Foreign
Missions.
How do you explain it, Dr. Lovett, Mr.
Towson, Bro. Scoville, and Rev. Crumpton?
There has been an advance of two thousand
dollars for the year 1909, over the year 1908,
in home missions; but a loss of four thousand
dollars (round members) in the various for
eign mission funds.
GLORY HALLELUJAH! THE PEO
PLE ARE AT LAST COMING TO THEIR
SENSES'
Death of a Piano-Player
An Atlanta negro was blazing away, on
the piano, when some one, outside the house,
shot him through the head, and stopped the
noise.
I heartily congratulate the neighbors.
As to the person who did the shooting,
opinion is reserved. If it should be shown
to the Court that the piano-banger was mur
dering “Kiss Waltz”, for the ten-thousandth
time, the shooter is going to be “let off light”.
A Very Foolish Cracker
“Thomas E. Watson bestrides an ant-hill in Georgia
and attempts to imitate the part of old Satan’s secre
'tary of war, who\ amid the fire and smoke, proclaimed
aloud: ‘My voice is still for war!’
“Tom is an unreconstructed rebel, about the last of
his class, and a class that can well be spared.
“What is the matter with Mr. Bryan’s old running
mate? Why is he braying so loudly in behalf of an
other collision with the United States? It appears
that there is a justice of the peace or petty court
down in Georgia who has charge of a prisoner whom
the Federal Court desires to get by the neck and throt
tle for some high crime or misdemeanor. Tom tells
us: ‘The people are considerably wrought up against
the Federal Judges. There is more profound hatred
of the Federal judiciary, especially the lower courts,
than of any other institution in America.’ Wonder
□kffersoixlan
where Tom has got this view of affairs. We were not
heretofore informed of the fact that Mr. Watson’s
daily associations and alliances are among those peo
ple who, having felt the halter draw, had not a very
high opinion of the law. The only reason we have for
thinking that Tom has been in such bad company,
even worse than when he associated with Bryan, is
from this announcement of his discovery concerning
the attitude of the people he trains with, toward
courts and laws.
“Thomas E. Watson seems to be a very foolish
Cracker; and as the strands of gray run among the
golden locks that adorned his head in old days he does
not seem to acquire wisdom as fast as he does years.”
The foregoing is taken from the Los An
geles Times.
I did not say that the people were “consid
erably” wrought up against the everlasting
usurpations of the Federal Courts: the word
used was “INTENSELY”.
And I stand by it.
The prisoner was not taken from “some
justice of the peace or petty court”. The
prisoner was not a man whom the Federal
judge was trying to get “by the neck and
throttle for some high crime or misde
meanor”.
This California editor ought to be ashamed
of his recklessness of statement.
Judge Augustus Fite, of the Superior
Court, —a tribunal of the highest and broad
est jurisdiction, next below the Supreme
Court of the State of Georgia—had sent a
white man, (of the hire-to-a-nigger sort,)
to jail, because this man defied the Court, and
refused to answer legal questions.
While the man was in jail for contempt of
Court, an inferior Federal Court butted in,
where it had no lawful jurisdiction, and
forcibly snatched the prisoner from the cus
tody of the State Court.
The Federal judge had no legal right to
issue a writ of Habeas Corpus, in such a case.
If he can rape a State Court in one case of
that kind, he can in all. Judge Newman’s
position is tantamount to saying that State
courts shall not imprison defiant witnesses
until the Federal courts (). K. the sentences.
DO THE JUDGES OF OUR STATE
COURTS INTEND TO BOW TO SO IN
SOLENT AN ENCROACHMENT UPON
THEIR PREROGATIVES? Do the Gov
ernors and Attorneys-General propose to be
run over, always?
It was a burning shame and rankling hu
miliation, to see Judge Fite and Attorney-
General Hart knuckle to that negro Rucker,
and to Judge Newman. They should have
held that prisoner, at all hazards.
HE WAS VIOLATING THE ZzIIFN OF
GEORGIA. HE WAS CLOAKING THE
ILLEGAL DOINGS OF A WHISKY
STILL. HE WAS BRINGING THE
PROHIBITION ACT INTO CONTEMPT.
No sirree! Were I the Governor, no Fed
eral judge would halt me in the keeping of
my oath of office. If the unconstitutionality
of a State-law were questioned in the State
courts, os the Judiciary Act of 1789 provides,
I’d stop, and wait for a decision. But I
would die before I’d submit to the Newmans,
Joneses, Pritchards, and Grosscups of the
lower Federal courts. They have no juris
diction. They are simply usurpers. And, if
necessary, I would, by armed resistance,
DRIVE THEM BACK TO WHERE
THEY BELONG.
So, with State courts. If a witness on the
stand refuses to answer a fair question, and
is jailed for contempt, the judge of the
State Court ought to hold that prisoner. He
should, if necessary, have the Sheriff sum
mon every arms-bearing man of the county!
The Los Angeles editor need not worry
about the color of my hair. It’s red, all
right. At the same time, I know what the.
law is: am familiar with historic origins, and
with the meaning of the legal maxims. For
“decisions” that don’t conform to funda
mental principles, I have the profoundest
contempt. And history teaches me that when
a people become so enervated and supine that
they won’t stand up, with weapons in their
hands, to fight for their rights, the rights go
glimmering.
p. S.—Will the Times have the fairness to
copy ?
DUCKWORTH HAS NOT ANSWER
ED THOSE QUESTIONS. THEY ARE
FAIR QUESTIONS, VITALLY IMPOR
TANT TO FARMERS' UNION. BOYS,
MAKE HIM ANSWER.
Josiah Carter Tells How Watson
Was Put Out of Congress
In his Marietta (Ga.) paper, (The Journal
and Courier,) Mr. Josiah Carter, (sometime
Private Secretary to his Excellency, Govern
or H. Smith) makes a clean breast of it; con
fessing that I was “beaten” for Congress by
criminal methods which would have made
Tammany blush.
Says Josiah:
“The Democrats of the Tenth district, having
been deserted by Mr. Watson, made up their
minds to beat him. They did not mean that they
were going to beat him fairly. They meant they
were going to beat him. There are some things
done that are not according to law. They happen
sometimes in Georgia. This was an occasion
when the whole subject was summed up in the
statement that Mr. Watson was not going to
Washington any more. The stuffing of the ballot
box was the mildest of the propositions consid
ered. They voted the cemeteries, and the city di
rectories, and the telephone lists, signboards,
mile-posts, cats, dogs, anything and everything -
that happened to be handy from that day to
this Mr. Watson has been in a bad humor with
the Demo'cratic party.”
Let’s look into that, a little. Josiah vir
tually declares that, because I joined the Peo
ple’s Party after having been elected as a
Democrat, it was justifiable to defeat me—no
matter how. Frauds, crimes, falsehoods, in
timidation, the job-lash, bribery, whisky,
violence—all these were employed to punish
me for “leaving the Democratic party”, and
Josiah, in effect, defends the methods.
JT?7Z Josiah consider the facts?
The Tenth Congressional District, at the
time of my election in 1890, was composed of
ten country counties, and one city county. I
carried the rural counties by unprecedented
majorities. Even the rural districts of Rich
mond county, went for me. Although no ef
forts were made to do so, I carried some
wards of the city of Augusta—the labor
men’s wards.
Why was such a tremendous vote given me
by the ten country counties? Because I was
making the race on the Farmers' Alliance
platform. There was no attack made on Ma
jor Geo. T. Barnes, the opposing candidate,
who had served several terms in Congress;
but, as he stuck to the national Democratic
platform, that issue was made, AND THE
ALLIANCE PLATFORM WON.
Now, Josiah, I consider you a fair-minded
man. You never abused me. On the con
trary, you have written at least one beautiful
“appreciation” of me. Therefore, with confi
dence in the manliness of your answer, I put
to you this question—
To what platform did I owe allegiance?
In every speech made by me during the
campaign, I had assailed the Democratic plat
form, and advocated that of the Alliance.
Ten counties, out of eleven, had overwhelm
ingly condemned the Democratic platform,
and indorsed that of the Farmers' Alliance.
IF IT NOT PERFECTLY CLEAR THAT
MY ALLEGIANCE JF.4N DUE TO THE
PLATFORM WHICH ELECTED ME?
Now, it is true that neither of my constitu
ents. nor myself intended to leave the Demo
cratic party. But the Alliance movement was
a bloodless revolution; and in revolution,
things travel fast.
In 1891, the National Farmers’ Alliance, at
the Indianapolis Convention, instructed all
Congressmen elected on their platform to ad-
(CONTINUED ON PAGE TWELVE)
PAGE NINE