Editor Pioneer-Times: Bryan’s
present attitude on the money ques
tion has been a subject for considera
ble discussion of late, and in corres
ponding with a prominent democrat
oil the subject I had occasion to write
substantially the following letter
which may be of interest to some of
your readers:
“The quantitive theory is going to
have Very little to do in the discus
sion of the money question and its
relation to silver as it is bound to
come before the people in the very
near future..
“Mr. Bryan has frequently reiter
ated the statement that the large in
crease in our circulating money had
fully vindicated the democratic quan
titive theory on the money question,
and that the unprecedented produc
tion of gold has taken the silver
question out of politics. Mr. Bryan
has made many untenable statements
but that is the most untenable of
them all, and it will be a great stumb
ling block for him in any discussion
of the silver question he may at
tempt to make in the future, except
to discontinue its use as money and
that would be fatal for him. But
§ Jeffersonian Premiums |
S 3 HOW TO GET UP A CLUB OIJR premiums tX
FIJ Every article offered is the best that IL
can be procured for the money. It is jro
Q< Get the people Interested. Give them they can then easily be induced to sub- not our purpose to make a profit on Q;
an opportunity to read the paper. When scribe. these premiums. We ha\e figured the -
kW thev have read it they will know for If Preferred, the samples will be sent cost as low as possible, and offer them XV
‘ . + ’ io nflnar , n to you to distribute personally. Person- for the least number of subscriptions that ry
LiJ themselves that it Is the best paper m , , . . . u « xt. * nor
, * al and persistent solicitation is the great we can. zjeg
CO country - secret of success. “It’s dogged as does RENEWALS PF
Write down the names and addresses „ Renewals count the same as new sub-
Qjl of your friends who are not already sub- Send your names in at any time —even scribers.
scribers, and send them to us. We will if you have only O ne—and state what SUBSCRIPTION RATES bZ
CO send a sample copy of the paper to each premium you are working for. We will Jeffersonian Magazine, $1 per year; XV
name by return mail. Within a few days acknowledge receipt and when you have Weekly Jeffersonian, $1 per year. FV
call upon the persons and tell them the obtained enough subscriptions you can No premium allowed on subscriptions
PF) sample was sent at your request, and claim the premium. for less than one year. UL
‘ . will be surprised and pleased when you FV
Premium for 20 M&gszine Subscriptions, see the set. daisy traveling clcck —in mo-
fij or 15 Weekly Subscriptions the monarch atlas of the rocco case.
A set of 26 handsome pieces of Rogers’ WORLD Retail price SB. _ M
fT> Silver Plated cutiery-6 tablespoons, 6 the world and its people—a Premiums for 5 Magazine Subscriptions, cQ
Ij&J t.bie forks 6 teaspoons 6 triple- ? 10 book ' 352 ° f mustrated text, 65 O r 3 Weekly Subscriptions BTO
JJ table toms , t> teaspoons » u.p. pages of maps, 750 half-tones from rare , LU
«&} plated table kntves, 1 butter knife, 1 photographs . Bound in sllk clott . TWENTIETH CEN . URY COOK BOOK j£l
JQ sugar spoon. Avery handsome set. The OLD MISSION SHELF CLOCK—-With AND PRACTICAL HOUSEKEEPING—
retaiI price of this premium is sls. real welghts> beautiful and reliable. An encyclopedia of household affairs; Zfj
JM . - ,- "~. 4 . MISSION LAMP—Iron pedestal, ca- 800 P a ses; fully described and illustrated VM
'VJ Premiums for 15 rnagszme subscriptions, thedral glass. Retail price sls. on another page this week. FQ
» or 10 Weekly Subscriptions —~~ . practical farming and gar- rR
WEBSTER’S IMPERIAL DICTIONARY Premiums JOI 8 Magazine Subscriptions, DENING—In these days, when “rule of Um
—Unabridged. This is a ten dollar die- or 5 Weekly Subscriptions thumb” has given way to scientific work.
Al ‘ tionary, well printed, well bound, nearly BREAKFAST SET—Thirty-one pieces, we all have much to learn. This is a Q&l
011 2,000 pages, with several thousand illus- ' Very handsome. modern, up-to-date book. The retail price
jaSj trations, tables, colored plates and en- RED LETTER STUDENT’S BIBLE— of it Is $3. Sfw
gravings. It is at once a dictionary and Flexible leather covers, red under gold EVER-READY SAFETY RAZOR—Don’t
an encyclopedia. edges; contains 16 pictures of the Holy wait for barber, but shave yourself.
g&J OLD MISSION PENDULUM CLOCK — Land, 12 maps, and helps for the study Complete outfit You can shave yourself JaS
uQ Eight-day movement, cathedral gong. of the Bible. The words of Christ are In five minutes. CO
ZK Fully describ'd and illustrated on an- printed in red. Fully described and il- OLD FASHIONED RAZOR—FuIIy
other page this week. lustrated on another page. described and illustrated on another page VM
DINNER SET— Forty-seven pieces. EGYPTIAN EBONY MANTEL CLOCK this week - lQ
These are genuine, high-grade, expensive —A beautiful ornament and a reliable CHINA CAKE SET—Seven pieces, fruit
dishes of semi-porcelain, with beautiful time-piece. decorations. Um
fR French decorations and gold edges. Each A PRESENTATION EDITION OF THE FOUNTAIN PEN—Diamond point, safe- ZN
gM piece is full size for everyday use. You BlßLE—Magnificently bound. ty clip, 14-karat gold. |Jg|
SK.YAN CAN'T
it shows conclusively that Mr. Bryan
is still in his infancy in his study of
the money question, so far as it re
lates to silver, for we might increase
the circulating money in this country
to fifty dollars per capita, in gold, na
tional bank notes, asset currency or
United States currency, if all were
based upon the single gold standard
it would not tend to increase our ex
ports of manufactured products to
the Oriental or other silver standard
countries, nor would it relieve the dis
advantage our producers of food and
cotton products are now laboring un
der in their exports of those prod
ucts to gold standard European coun
tries in competition with the produc
ers of food and cotton from the sil
ver standard countries of the world.
It would simply enlarge the difficul
ties we are now’ laboring under, for
this increased volume of money in
this country based entirely upon gold
would increase the cost of production
at home through a general rise in
prices, making it more difficult for
our manufacturers to sell to the sil
ver standard countries, and more diffi
cult for our food and cotton producers
to compete in the markets of Europe
3effersonlan
with the producers of those products
from silver standard countries.
“Therefore, the question or prob
lem will be to equalize the exchange
in money between the gold and sil
ver standard countries of the world,
and this can be done only in one way
and that is by increasing the value
of silver, for the silver standard
countries now of the world will re
main on a silver basis so far as all
their internal commercial relations
are concerned, notwithstanding any
apparent legislation they may enact
toward the gold standard, for in
stance, Japan and Mexico, have each
apparently enacted legislation for the
gold standard (and gold standard
advocates have pointed to those in
stances with great glee). But the
fact remains that those countries are
and will remain on a-silver basis so
far as the cost of all internal pro
ductions are concerned, South Amer
ica, India and China the same and
manufacturing plants are moving to
those countries to take advantage of
the cheaper cost of production; while
the food and cotton producers of all
silver standard countries, producing
on a silver basis and selling on a
gold basis, are reaping a rich harvest
at the expense of our own food and
cotton producers who have to com
pete with them in the European mar
kets producing on a gold basis and
selling on the same. Tn other words,
the producers in silver standard
countries are enjoying what is prac
tically an export bounty on all their
exports, while the producers of gold
standard countries are suffering from
what is practically an export duty
on all their exports in whatever lines
they may compete with silver stand
ard producers.
“Therefore, I say again the only
solution to this problem is to increase
the value of silver, and how are you
going to do it? It can’t be done by
leaving a wide difference between the
coinage value of silver land the bul
lion value no matter what legislation
you enact along those lines. To in
crease our ratio so as to make our
coinage value conform to the present
bullion value of silver or anywhere
near it would not relieve the situa
tion ia particle, for it would still leave
the silver standard countries holding
their advantageous position in their
(Continued on Page Eleven.)
PAGE SEVEN