PAGE TWENTY
NEGRO, SCOTCHMAN
Watson’s
Magazine TOM WATSON
defends the
Price: IO Cents
SI.OO a Year
:=SS SCOTCH RACE
AGAINST THE
I CHARGES OF
ANDREW
CARNEGIE
1 and DOWNS the
A NECROPHILE
WATSON « CARNEGIE
[Broadwell’s Double-Jointed Cotton]
I the prize-winner I
I Will Make Three Bales to the Acre I
The only long-limb prolific Cotton known; it will grow more bolls
to the stalk than any other cotton discovered. This Cotton was aAvard
-e-d the first prize in the Georgia State Fair for the past four years,
1905, 190 G, 1907, and 1908, for the largest yield of cotton in the State,
{ an( t 011 exhibition at the Georgia State Fair again in 1909. Also took
first and second prizes for the best ten stalks, of cotton for past five J
y ears -
afejfck /
y*Ed. L. Wight, President. Loring Brown, Manager.
JwWlßl BELMONT FARM.
K ' : vl 'i Smyrna, Ga., October 3, 1908.
Mr. Jot lll B - Broadwell, Alpharetta, Ga.
BjSM% W-' -BDear Sir: —You certainly have the world beat on your cotton. After
4 v ? f>- many years of careful testing and seeing the different varieties of cotton
jT grown and thoroughly tested, and with the past two years’ experience
yRw with your cotton, I am thoroughly convinced that it is by far the best
■•*>. X IMByBBI- thing the world has ever seen in cotton production. It is simply mar-
velous the amount that can be produced with your Improved, Double
?< > & ,w Wrowii Jointed Broadwell variety. Any man that is wide-awake and up-to-date
'l*-• v MBfcll can not afford to f ° ol with any other variety.
Ex '&■ Wishing you the success that you so richly deserve for giving so
K much careful study to this, our world’s greatest crop, for which I am
iX’ : ’ OWWWMII sure a fortune awaits you, I am, Yours truly, LORING BROWN.
—————— ' " —— ' ■'■■
OF v _J z - s Wiiat Better Recommendation Do You Want?
mL y<- I have sold my Cottonseed to men in thirteen States in the last five
|||| j. jlyears, and ninety-nine out of one hundred that has planted Broadwell’s
Double-Jointed Cotton will tell you that it will make more to the acre
an an y °^ ier c °tton they ever planted. Now, if you want to make
' more money to the acre than you ever made with cotton, plant Broad-
I well’s Double-Jointed Cottonseed this year.
: PRICE: PECK, 75c; BUSHEL, $2.50
A-7 U- i The genuine Seed can be had only direct from my Farm, or Mark
"i *. : ••:r:T' £ - ’ i W. Johnson Seed Co., Atlanta, Ga. Send your name and address for
Free Book on Seed Selectiolb
Thia shows the wonderful Double Jointed Cotton produced by Mr. Broadwell as a result _ .
JOHN B. BROADWELL, Alpharetta, Ga., R. F. D. 3
dje Jeffersonian
The Texas Drummers.
I don’t know what J’m going to do
with the Texas drummers. For some
unaccountable reason they are rais
ing all sorts of trouble all over the
State. Up to a few years ago they
were real good, patient, Job-like peo
ple, and ate their armor-proof bis
cuits and celluloid beefsteak without
complaining. Now they are worry
ing the life out of the hotel-keepers
and demanding all sorts of changes
and improvements. They want the
proprietor to change bed linen,
towels, blankets, and chambermaids
every day and twice on Sunday. Their
latest demand is to banish the musi
cal mosquito, the friendly little fly
and modest bedbug—three inoffen
sive and social little creatures who
have been the drummers’ constant
companions for years. In fact,
they are almost blood relations.
After all these years how can
they bear the idea of being
shut up in a house where not a mos
quito’s evening song can be heard?
Then when weary with the day’s
work you lie down upon your bed of
new mown hay with not a bedbug
near, won’t you be lonesome? Then
fancy your feeling when by brute
force and wire screens the friendly
fly is barred from the dinner table
and not permitted to plunge into the
boiling bouillon, or fresh from the
cow lot, wade up to his knees athwart
the blooming butter. It won’t feel
natural. Os course, I want to see
the boys have a good time, but if
they get too many good things in a
bunch they might grow proud and
stuck-up, so I want them to be care'
ful. —K. Lamity’s “Harpoon.”
A CERTAIN CURE
FOR
CANCER, DROPSY and all
Kindsof BLOOD DISEASES
Dr. J. H. Bruce, of 138% Edgewood
Ave., Atlanta, Ga., has made a discov
ery for the cure of Cancer and Dropsy
that has revolutionized this branch of
Medical Science. Eminent physicians
have been baffled by this question for
ages. Dr. Bruce’s remedies have been
tested by the best physicians of the
land, and in every instance have per
fected a cure. He has made over 700
cures of Cancer and over 500 cures of
Dropsy.
The Dropsy medicine sells for $5.00
per' box, or six boxes for $25.00. If
there is no complication of diseases, six
boxes wfil effect a cure in a short time.
Some cases have been cured in ten
days.
The Cancer medicine sells for $5.00
per bottle, or one week’s treatment for
SIO.OO. One month’s treatment for
$25.00.
Dr. Bruce’s New Discovery, the finest
vegetable Blood Medicine known to
medical science, cures: Constipation,
v indigestion, Rheumatism, Kidney and
Bladder troubles. Unsurpassed for
Menstrual and all Female Complaints.
Price SI.OO full size Bottle (Express
Prepaid). Manufactured and sold only
by Dr. J. H. Bruce, 138% Edgewood
Ave., Atlanta, Ga.
Testimonials sent upon request.
We need agents for the Watson
books. Write to The Jeffersonians,
Thomson, Ga.