PAGE FOUR
Os course all Jeffersonian readers
have seen Mr. Watson’s editorials in
reference to the State Sanitarium and
the G. H. Bell case, which promises to
prove something of an epoch maker,
in this state at least. I assume that
no one is more vitally interested in
eleemosynary institutions than the
women.” In Georgia the sex has ever
thrown its influence against bad and
brutalizing conditions everywhere.
If the things charged by Mr. Bell
are true, outrage is put upon every
sense of justice and humanity.
The care of the insane is some
thing as yet far behind the care of
those suffering from any other form of
disease. So little is known in regard
to curative measures that the majority
of insane asylums are merely run up
on the plan of surveillance and disci
pline. Scarcely a month but that
some revelation proves that barbari
ties exist in such sanitariums, and the
simplest dictates of humanity demand
that the public conscience be aroused
on this subject. It has indeed been
but lately in the history of the world
that any improvement at all existed
in insane asylums. They were once
all on the order of old Bedlam. To
the everlasting credit and glory wo
men, it will be remembered, that Kate
Dixon, a frail, delicate little news
paper woman, absolutely battered
down the walls of prejudice, starred
officialdom out of its lethargy in state
after state, and brought about, some
twenty or thirty years ago, a vast
betterment. Since her death in a far
away land some time ago, no one has
filled the place of the “angel of mer
cy” to the poor creatures incarcera
ted in asylums. Surely they are in
a more pathetic condition in many
eases than the dumb brutes. What
circumstances conspire to make the
care of the insane a thing so pecul
iarly unsatisfactory?
First: Political patronage has done
much, to fill the chairs of superinten
dents of insane asylums with men who
are unfitted for the nature of the
work. The very best medical skill
should be sought in filling these po
sitions. Instead, all too often, the
doctor selected knows little or noth
ing of mental and nervous diseases,
possibly knows little or nothing of in
stitutional management, but he has a
pull. In such a case he is dependent
wholly upon what his subordinates tell
him about the conditions. He wants
the salary and the perquisites. The
responsibility of the work is ignored.
Second: What will be found the
usual requisites in an attendant?
Bulk is invaidably desirable. Strength,
physical strength, is a necessity. So
far as education or culture or gentle
ness of disposition are concerned,
these are never inquired into. Can
the nurse keep order? Is he or she
a good disciplinarian? These are the
questions which insure the promotion
of the attendant.
Third: We are confronted with
these conditions: The truthfulness of
the insane is something not to be re
lied upon. Ninety-nine instances of
kindness may be shown to the sufferer
Under The Vine and Fig Tree
Conducted by Grace Kirkland
AS TO SANITARIUMS.
but in a hundredth instance, impa
tience or anger are remembered
against the attendant. Certain men
tal diseases are actually accompanied
by a brittleness of bone which makes
fractures a frequent occurrence where
perhaps no violence whatever has been
exerted. For these reasons the testi
mony of the insane must be discount
deck On rhe other hand, we have at
tendants whose wages are exceedingly
small and who, ordinary human beings,
with no special devotion to anything,
are merely making a living as chance
has enabled them to do so in an asy
lum. They seize every opportunity
to lighten their own burdens in every
way possible. Thus we find the bar
barous rule prevailing that all inmates
must rise at a fixed, very early hour,
in the morning, when perhaps the
thing most beneficial would be to rest
and sleep as long as they felt they
could. Each inmate as a rule finds it
incumbent upon him to do consider
able work. This is not in itself bad
policy, but the same routine of put
ting a ward in immaculate order by
six or seven o’clock in the morning
and then scarcely daring to disar
range anything throughout the bal
ance of the long weary day is any
thing bqt brightening. The inmates
are thrust into baths at hours most
convenient to the attendants. They
must eat what is set before them;
at the time appointed they must re
tire, even though the tortures of in
somnia are present. In fact, nearly
every condition that S. Weir Mitchell
or other profound students of nervous
diseases would insist upon as neces
sary to a cure are violated. So far as
horrifying instances of beatings, hu
miliations and torturings are concern
ed, these are never completely avoid
able under a system which turns one
human being over to the undisputed
will of another. So long as humanity
is human, and not angelic, impatience
and desire to punnish infractions of
rules with unnecessary severity can
not be wholly eliminated.
All this constitutes a dark picture,
but that it is a true one is confirmed
by the many reports of bad conditions
throughout asylums everywhere. What
is’the remedy? Os course impartial
inspection is necessary. Not the per
functory visit of a board, whose call
is anticipuated a week.in advance and
who necessarily find all things smooth
and in order; but the wholesome in
troduction of a little secret service
method that would get at the truth
and the facts without regard to what
the patient charged, or the attendant
denied. Neither can be trusted. Un
influenced third parties, not at long
intervals, but constantly, should be
employed. The street car companies
have inspectors unknown to the em
ployes. All corporations have their
“spotters,” the possibility of whose
presence does much to promote the
good of the cncern. A detective sys
tem in the insane asylum would be a
protective one to honest officials and
careful attendants, as well as to the
patients themselves. Why does not
‘ each state employ such service?
Another thing, is that the medical
3e|'fetsontan
profession should take more interest
than it does in such sanitariums.
Most ridiculous, perhaps, if it were
not so pitiful, is the experimentation
upon living animals to obtain facts in
reference to brain workings which can
so easily and to so much better pur
pose be found from careful observa
tion of the unfortunates afflicted with
brain disease. This observation is
practically a neglected field. Unless
the young doctor takes up mental and
nervous diseases as a specialty he
never sees the inside of an asylum.
He never observes insanity in its va
rying forms, consequently the world
at large is losing valuable scientific
information and lags as to proper
methods of treatment. I do not op
pose all experimentation, for without
the possibility thereof all scientific ad
vance along medical lines would be
handicapped. Ido object to the sense
less, crude and cruel repetition of the
same needless demonstrations of ade
quately proven facts, when a wider
field of knowledge through close ob
servation and post-mortem examina
tions of human beings is so neglect
ed. Nor have I any quarrel with the
asylum per se. Society could not get
along without them. But I would like
to see the subject in all its phases
widely considered, so that every hope
of curative measures might be fos
tered, while at the same time the un
fortunates detained in asylums would
be insured against wrongful imprison
ment or mistreatment.
EXCELLENT.
The recent conference in Washing
ton to consider the vital question of
the condition of Dependent Chil
dren accomplished much, if only
the crystallization of the sentiment
of the several hundred notable
sociologists that the use of in
stitutions for such children should
be but temporary, until homes
could be found for them. Now if
pulpiteers and charity workers gener
ally could instill into the minds of *
the people that a check to an institu
tution will not meet their responsi
bilities, but that those who are able
to give actual personal care to un
fortunate waifs in their own homes
should do so, a great betterment must
result. It it not entirely sufficient to
consider that only the “childless
home” is derelict in its duty, but
even the homes which have children
should, in thousands of instances be
able to a little more. The charity
that takes and trains the orphaned
boy or girl, and fits him or her for
useful and happy life, is not the
charity that pauperizes. A good home,
although a poor one so far as material
wealth is concerned, is better than
the most magnificent institution for
the child. Nor is benefit to him the
only happy outcome, for always does
the child confer more happiness
than he receives. That grown-up
who is not taking eare of a child or
so, or, by special dispensation of a
partial Providence, a dozen or two, is
missing, for all the care and trouble
and anxiety they cause, the best part
of life.
BAND OF MERCY WORK.
An enormous petition is being pre
pared and signed by thousands of
names, imploring Roosevelt to aban
don his hunting trip to Africa. Pity
but that he would heed it. His influ
ence as a Rough Rider and a sports
man has been wholly bad. Small use
to decry the half-dime novel and other
inflammatory cheap literature, if a
President and other representative
men set an example of silly jingoism
and brutal sportsmanship.
AFTER MANY YEARS.
The name of Mrs. Florence May
brick has been a household word so
long, through her many years’ confine
ment in an English prison, that it is
hard to imagine her a flesh and blood
woman still. Yet she recently ac
quired a large fortune and it is
whispered is to be married at an
early date, which will, it is looped,
enable her romance to wind up with
a “lived happy ever after.”
PARTIALITY TOWARDS SONS.
The partiality which mothers are
supposed to show to their sons —and
which some mothers certainly do show
—may do little harm in the earlier
years of family life, when the father,
perhaps, balances it by a special fond
ness for his daughters, and when the
buoyancy of youth carries such injus
tice lightly. But on daughters of ma
ture age it often bears very heavily.
The lot of the unmarried woman on
whom falls the care, and even the
maintenance of a widowed and aging
mother is a laborious and exacting
one. Many such women there are, as
every one acquainted with our cities
knows, working hard all day and
struggling to carry home evening
cheer to one who makes less effort
than she might to greet them brightly.
There is another who comes on a fly
ing visit now and then, bringing a
gift none too generous, but seeming
large because it is received all in one
1 sum, and on him the mother’s appre
ciation and gratitude are lavished.
When he is gone, his advice, proffered
without much knowledge of real con
ditions, is quoted and urged- with an
insistence discouraging to the sister,
and even the contrast between his light
hearted merriment and her serious
ness is harped upon. There are sad
der cases still where the money earn
ed by a self-sacrificing daughter is
persistently shared with a reckless
and improvident son, and —bitterest
of all —it is to the perpetually return
ing prodigal that the warmest affec
tion seems to go. Habits like these
can hardly be corrected, perhaps, in
age. But mothers in younger life
should be on their guard against form
ing them.—Congregationalist.
« ■■ ■ —.w**—* Il >i ■n if
HARD LUCK.
The country cousins had just taken
the train for home.
“And just think,” sighed the weary
hostess, “we can’t get even with them
until next July, and then we have only
two children for them to entertain on
their farm.”—Detroit Free Press.