Gbe Jeffersonian
r Volume Six ~j
L Number Twenty-Two J
A Most Horrible Deed and the Greatest of Insults
A white man, named Albert Rockhold,
waked up in the night, last week, to find that
three negro men had entered his house, and
had the drop on him.
Thinking that robbery was their purpose,
Rockhold agreed to let them take what they
wanted, —his money, watch, etc.
But the black devils meant something more.
They seized the white man, bound him, hard
and fast; and then, one after another, they
got into his bed, with his young wife. ALL
NIGHT LONG, THE HUSBAND LAY
THERE— writhing, cursing, praying—but
HELPLESS, WHILE THESE BESTIAL
BLACK BRUTES TOOK TURNS WITH
HIS WIFE.
(And we send missionaries to Africa!)
As morning broke, the frenzied white man
was driven to a most revolting bit of cun
ning. Pretending to have “accepted the situ
ation”, Rockhold asked the negroes to unbind
him, so that he could go to his work. They
fell into the trap. They untied the ropes,
and let the husband go away,—all three of
the black men remaining with his wife, whom
they were still forcing to submit to their hell
ish lusts.
As soon as oosskde, Rdcklnlld gathered a
small crowd of white men, and started for his
home. But hours had elapsed; the negroes
had satisfied themselves, and disappeared. A
hot pursuit resulted ip the speedy capture of
one of the ravishers.
Rockhold immediately shot him dead.
(This was an easier death than the fiend de
served.)
Later in the day, the other two fugitives
were caught. Os course the whole of that
part of West Virgania was up in arms, by
that time; and the furious mob demanded the
negroes of the officers. LYNCH LAW IS
JUST THE RIGHT ZAIF FOR SUCH
CASES.
The fool Governor, eager for a sop of
Northern praise, I suppose, called out the
troops, to protect these imps of Satan. The
militia-officers so far forgot their own wives,
mothers, sisters and daughters, as to order the
white soldiers to fire on the white men who
wanted to lynch those negroes.
It is a shame, that a white officer should
ever issue such an order.
THE SOLDIERS REFUSED TO OBEY!
BULLY FOR THE SOLDIERS! That
was the deed, —now for the insult:
The most galling taunt ever flung at South
ern people, was that of Collier’s Weekly.
Editorially, Collier’s said, that it was a
well known fact that lynchings were often re
sorted to for the purpose of preventing a
scandal. Being interpreted, this veiled, cow
ardly, and utterly vile insinuation means,
that the white woman consents. When she is
caught up with, she pretends that she was vio
lated, and the negro is lynched to conceal her
disgrace.
YES, COLLIER'S SAID JUST THAT—
NOT IN SO MANY WORDS, BUT BY
INNUENDO NOT CAPABLE OF BEING
MISUNDERSTOOD.
Is it not strange that only three Southern
papers jumped on Collier’s for this foul insult
I to our women? Not one of the daily papers,
A Weekly Paper Edited 6y THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, November 11, 1909
so fa? v hs I know, had a word to say about it.
(Let me do “Col. Dick Maple”, of the Rip-
Saw, the justice to say that he was the first
editor to notice and denounce what Collier's
had said.)
During the last few months, there has been
almost an epidemic of crimes against South
ern women. In Alabama, a negro man had
the hardihood to forcibly take a white lady
from her escort, and to disappear, in the
woods, with his shrieking victim. In Vir
ginia and Maryland there have been some
fearful outrages. In every single case, there
was unquestionable evidence of the white
woman’s furious resistance, or of her yielding,
under throat-cutting threats. In one case, the
black beast’s hands were dripping blood, —
where the white girl had fiercely bitten him.
COLLIER’S SHOULD BE MADE TO
TAKE IT BACK.
How? The Southern papers can turn the
trick, if they try.
® ® IS
What Maryland Should Do
Cardinal Gibbons and the niggers
again triumphed in Maryland. The Disfran
chisement Amendment has been defeated.
Is there no man in that Pope-and-negro
cursed State who has got enough sand in his
gizzard to take the bull by the horns?
The legislature of Maryland, and of every
other Southern State, should pass an act. re
stricting suffrage and office-holding to white
adult males.
THEN ENFORCE THAT LAW.
Suppose some negro does carry the question
into the Federal courts; and suppose the
United States Supreme Court does decide in
favor of the unconstitutional Fifteenth
Amendment, —what then ?
JUST GO RIGHT AHEAD, AN
THOUGH NO SUCH DECISION HAD
BEEN RENDERED.
Let the whites control the voting-places, as
usual. Let the managers receive white bal
lots, only.
If the coons come up to vote, just throw the
ballots on the floor. Don’t put them in the
box. Don't pay any attention to them, at all.
What can the United States courts do?
Nothing. Absolutely nothing.
Don't you know that the President would
not dare to send troops to the polls, again?
ALL THAT THE STATES NEED ARE
GOVERNORS, ATTORNEYS-GENERAL,
AND LEGISLATURES THAT ARE NOT
AFRAID OF THEIR SHADOWS.
What this republic needs, must bate, is
a vigorous assertion of the Executive and the
Legislative, in order that the Judiciary shall
be driven from its usurped preponderance,
back to its constitutional place of co-ordinate
branch of the Government.
g] ® ®
The Case Against the Union La
bor Leaders
When a corporation discharges a workman,
puts his name on the “blacklist”, and sends it
to all the other corporations, for th r e purpose’
of preventing the workman from securing
employment, all of us agree that such vin
dictive persecution is infamous.
But the same God made employer and
wage-earner. The old Adam is in both. Give
the workman the advantage, and he will
abuse it, just as the capitalist does. There
fore, the citizen who wants to be right, and
who means to combat wrong wherever he
finds it, does not delude himself into the be
lief that human beings begin to sprout angel
wings when they join Labor Unions.
Experience has demonstrated that Ameri
can Labor Unions sometimes drift into the
control of very bad men; and fearful crimes
and cruel tyranny are the consequences.
The Hon. Samuel Gompers, President of
the American Federation of Labor, is a gen
tleman for whose sturdy uprightness of char
acter I have the highest respect; but I think
that he is dead wrong about the boycott, and
the Pearre bill.
The boycott is exactly the same, in prin
ciple, as the blacklist. BOTH ARE BRU
TAL, MEAN, COWARDLY.
AND UN.AMERICAN. (
As to the Pearre bill, it is simply abomina
ble. The demand that Congress shall deprive
the courts of the power to protect your “busi
ness”, is one of the most impudent and as
tounding propositions that was ever put into
words.
What is your merchandise worth, if you
can not do “business”, as a merchant ? What
is the mill worth, if you can not be protected
i.n your “business” of manufacturing? What
is your land worth, if the courts are to be
shorn of their authority to protect the “busi
ness” of farming?
Messrs. Gompers, Mitchell and Morrison
believed so strongly in the boycott that they
defied the courts, in the District of Columbia;
and continued to publish the boycott notice,
against the St. Louis Stove and Range Com
pany, after the judge had ordered them to
quit it.
The court had unquestionable jurisdiction,
and the judicial mandate was no usurpation
of power. The “restraining order” is hun
dreds of years old. Mr. Gompers, and the
other Labor Leaders, should have obeyed it.
They chose to defy the law. The judge fined
them for contempt of court, and the highest
tribunal in the District has affirmed the de
cision. I don't see how anything else could
have been done.
The brutal boycott is not a part of “the
liberty of the press”.
What right have I to put into The Jef
fersonian a notice which will ruin your busi
ness, or blacken the name of a member of your
family ? Would it not Im? a shameful state of
affairs if the courts could not protect you
from the malignancy of those who might seek
to vent their hatred of you in the newspapers?
Assuredly, it would. Therefore, when C. T.
Ladson, the bank-wrecking lawyer, took it
upon himself, as Attorney for the National
Farmers’ Union, to send a telegram to the La
bor Leaders, indorsing their defiance of the
(continued on page five)
Price, Five Cents