PAGE FOUR
Summary of Tbents as They Happen
By Tom Dolan.
Georgia Legislature.
On the night of the 12th —or more explicit
ly, the morning of the 13th —of August, the
Georgia Legislature adjourned, with the Con
vict Lease question and the anti-lobby bill
still undisposed of. About the 25th inst. an
extra session will be called to take these mat
ters, and probably others, up again for settle
ment.
The session just closed appropriated $3,000
to pay the expenses of the investigation of the
convict problem, directing the investigating
committee to report to the extra session.
The legislature passed the Greater Atlanta
bill, which enables that city to take in a num
ber of suburban towns and claim at once a
population of nearly 150,000.
The bill permitting policemen and firemen to
ride free on the street cars was adopted, but
has been vetoed.
The agricultural schools and the college at
Athens were provided for, and the establish
ment of a state sanitarium for consumptives
was insured.
A bill providing for the closing of registra
tion books several months earlier than hereto
fore, and a new. .primary election measure were
also passed.
There are not many things of as much im
portance as the purification of elections, yet
our ballot system must be chaotic generally,
since few elections occur anywhere in the
United Stages without the pretty well found
ed charges of fraud, “repeaters,” etc. Some
how, they have small difficulty in identifying
men abroad, and the passport idea might well
be utilized to a limited extent here. Photog
raphy is dirt cheap, and there is no valid
reason why it could not be employed, if ordi
nary registration is insufficient, to insure ab
solute identification of each individual. Some
one has said that “the complexity of election
laws is due to the difficulty of precluding
fraud without depriving any person of the
right to vote who is entitled to do so.” The
laws are simply not uniform enough among the
States and not drastic enough anywhere. A
man who regards the right of suffrage so
lightly as to be negligent in registration, or
who looks upon reasonable provisions for iden
tification as a hardship, should not be entitled
to vote, no matter how good a citizen he may
be in all other respects.
The Foster service pension bill was also
passed, designed to give pensions to every
Confederate veteran and widow of a Confed
erate who has less than $1,500 in property.
The bill creating “Georgia Volunteers”
was passed, but the members of the Fifth and
other regiments of Georgia State troops are
bitterly opposing its signature by the Gover
nor. It seems they are glad to come under the
national provisions of the Dick bill, which
brings the state military under the direct con
trol of the President.
Unless other reasons than that the Georgia
THE JEFERSONIAN.
Volunteers will be “mollycoddles,” etc., are
given, it is hard to see harm to Georgia, from
Georgia volunteers, under the direction of a
Georgia governor. The present state troops
are brave men, and devoted to the common
wealth, but it is possible they do not see the
blow to state’s rights (for which their fathers
fought) in the placing of military authority
at first hand with the central government.
War with a foreign power is one thing; mili
tary duty among aur people quite another.
If there is, as gleefully announced, “no longer
any State Militia,” then why could not Geor
gia troops be sent to quell strikes in Colorado,
or Pennsylvania soldiers be shifted down to
police Georgia at the will of the central
authority? If, in some death-grapple with la
bor or race problems, any of our fair cities
must come under martial law, let the men who
patrol our streets be of our own kindred and
tribe, who understand the conditions locally
and will be able to control them in justice
and moderation. There must be no friction
between antagonistic bodies of soldiers in the
State, of course; but it is well to remember in
such matters that there generally is “Glory
enough for all.”
The Springfield Riot.
This had the same deplorable beginning and
pursued about the same course as did that of
Atlanta two years ago. The fact that the one
happened in an Illinois town—the old home
of Abraham Lincoln, while the other was in
a Southern city—will likely do much toward
making the comments of the press much mild
er as to the lynchings and burnings of past
few days and nights of terror Springfield,
than they were toward those*
capital. V
The race problem grows more serious as it
is plainly seen to be more general. The at
tempt of Bryan to Africanize the so-called
Democratic party; Roosevelt’s relieving Taft
of the “blame” for discharging the negro
troops; and the Hearstite crowd welcoming
“social equality” spielers, is bringing about
a revolting state of affairs in American poli
tics. To give the negro political power with
out expecting him to covet social privilege is
the idlest nonsense; and such social privilege
means utter chaos. Are our women of less
value to our civilization than Pomp and Sam
bo?
If anyone think the question far-fetched,
let him consider for a moment the case of
women in Washington —the “happy-hunting
ground” of the negro government employe.
Says the Baltimore Sun: “During the past
two years the records show an almost unbe
lievable number of attacks upon women,
ranging from assaults and attempted mur
ders in the suburbs, to brutal attacks and rob
beries in the very heart of the most fashiona
ble residence sections. Most of these are com
mitted by negroes, who seem to think they
have a license to commit any crime. What
paralyzes the arm of the law ? Why is it
that negro hoodlums are allowed to run riot
and even attack the police? Why is it un
safe for women to go out after dark in the
District of Columbia?” The answer is sim
ple: the negroes there feel the importance of
their race. They are coddled of the govern
ment and the insolence spreads among all the
blacks.
We shall hear many plaints again about the
“good” and the “innocent” negro and, of
course, he should be protected. But one of
the first means to this end, as well as to the
protection of good and innocent women, is to
eliminate the scheming negro politician and
office-seeker everywhere, and crush the social
equality spark that fires the train of rapine
and riot.
*
Another Reign of Terror
Has convulsed the mining regions of the
Birmingham district. The strike started
quietly some weeks ago. It was a simple
walk-out, at first. Non-union men, under mil
itary protection, were brought in to break the
strike, with the usual result of bitter feeling,
passionate resentment and bloodshed.
The Daylight Bill.
This is a measure now before Parliament
that is receiving the solemn consideration us
ually given by the British cousins to humor
ous things. Stripped of circumlocution, it is
simply a suggested coercion of the Britisher
into getting up a bit earlier of a summer
morning iand getting through--with his work
at a proportionately early hour in the after
noon. It is an inspiration which ought to
come to the average man spontaneously during
the dog-days, and which most Americans have
long been acquainted with. But the English
man loves law and order, long business hours
and much tea, and the alarm-clock, unless ren
dered respectable and customary by Act of
Parliament, would never make him get a move
on.
The Yellow Peril.
Brazil, who ordered three battleships of
the Dreadnaught type, built for her in Brit
ish shipyards; has again had published the
positive assertion that they are not for sale.
It had been persistently rumored that they
were to be turned over to Japan. Meantime,
the undeniable poverty of the latter country,
and the formation of a new political party
composed of a more conservative element than
has heretofore taken active part in affairs,
augur an era of peace for the island, at least
in her relations with the United States.
The United States Steel Trust made only
$20,265,958 for the quarter ending with June.
Nevertheless, they take the tiny profit grate
fully and view the business outlook as “hope
ful.” Sweet, optimistic sufferers—theirs be
the martyr’s crown!