as to candidates and principles. The
following resolution, offered by Major C. E. Mc-
Gregor, was adopted;
Resolved, That the Populists of Georgia in
convention assembled, compliment the Atlanta
Democratic convention of 1908 for the promi
nence given to some of their principles in their
platform, and especially the plank opening the
primaries to all white citizens.
Committees Named.
The new state executive committee of the
Populist party, J. J. Holloway, of Carroll coun
ty, chairman, and J. E. Bodenhamer, of DeKalb
county, secretary, met at the New Kimball Fri
day morning and perfected the party’s organi
zation with the election of the committee at
large, which will be known as the campaign
committee.
The committee at large is composed of the
following:
First district, Donald H. Clark, of Effingham
county; second district, J. J. Castlelow, Quit
man; third district, F. D. Wimberly, Pulaski;
■■■
JUDGE JAY W. FORREST.
Os New York, Who Made Speech of Notification.
fourth district, Bion Williams, Meriwether;
fifth district, Oscar Parker, Campbell; sixth dis
trict, Dr. R. W. Mays, Butts; seventh, J? A.
Burdette, Polk; eighth, J. J. Brown, Elbert;
ninth, M. L. McDonald, Banks; tenth, C. E. Mc-
Gregor, Warren; eleventh, H. C. Newton, Ap
pling.
Following is the membership of the execu
tive committee:
First district, W. R. Kemp, Emanuel, and
George H. Miller, Chatham; second district, J.
H. Parrish, Worth, and R. L. Braswell, Thomas;
third district, H. M. Searcy, Taylor, and E. R.
Barbour, Crisp; fourth district, R. W. Christian,
Chattahoochee, and R. B. Gaston, Carroll; fifth
district, C. T. Parker, Fulton, and N. A. Farmer,
DeKalb; sixth district, J. T. Mitchell, Spalding,
and J. W. Pilkinton, Upson; seventh district,
W. B. Bridges, Gordon, and H. W. Nalley,
Paulding; eighth district, A. J. Owens, Frank
lin, and J. P. Elder, Oconee; ninth district, J. T.
Waters, Hall, and B. H. Brown, Forsyth; tenth
district, W. J. Henning, Richmond, and Dr.
Charles Smith, Washington; eleventh district,
J. J. Spears, Glynn, and J. R. Baggett, Laurens.
The electors will be named by the executive
committee and Mr. Watson.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Twe Committees in One.
The executive committee and the committee
at large are really one committee, the latter
being an offshoot of the former. The executive
committee is composed of three members from
each district.
•8
After a stormy day, the night of July9th
was grey and cool. An interested, orderly fif
teen thousand or more people strained the ca
pacity of the huge building. Gen. Coxey was
caught up by the crowd and made to give them
an address. As might be expected of so un
usual a man, he has a stirring and militant
style of oratory, and held the unflagging inter
est of his audience until he himself abruptly
closed, with the graceful remark: “I see the
future President of the United States has ar
rived,” and declined to go cn.
•8
Os course, the hundreds of visitors from other
States were mainly interested in the Ceremony
of Notification. After a beautiful prayer by
Dr. Landrum the notification address was
made by Judge Jay W. Forrest, of Albany, N.
Y., who was introduced by Hon. Oscar Parker,
of Fairburn, Georgia. Mr. Forrest has in truth
a “voice of melodious thunder” and he who
thinks the North is cold should have heard him
make the very gem of a speech that breatned
patriotism and fire in each word. There were
cries of “Louder! Louder!” which mr. Forrest
met without an effort until his sonorous tones
were plain to the farthest ends of the hall. The
applause which followed rose to a storm, as
Mr. Watson came forward and bowed to the
gale of greeting and when the band struck up
“Dixie” the building fairly tottered.
•8
There are no words —there never will be any
—perfect enough to praise the speech of ac
ceptance that you will read today—that all the
world will read in all the years to come. That
he who made it was of the Immortals we had
always known; that the shining shield of ais
purity could deflect any shaft of ridicule, or
spite, or envy, we had seen for years; that the
riches and grandeurs of this world would in no
wise dazzle him, we never doubted. But now
we know that he whose lips could frame THAT
speech would, if need be, hold the Principles
we love “splendor proof even against the mag
nificence of angels”!
18
St. Nicholas Skating Rink, wherein the Con
vention was held, is very much larger than
the famous Cooper Union hall in New York
City. It is a vast enclosure, almost a com
plete circle in form. It is so “sufficient unto
itself” that few of the ordinary decorations are
required. However, the stage was most taste
fully adorned with flowers and flags.
*8
Immediately after the session, the flowers
which had been sent to Mr. Watson were
shipped to his home in Thomson, where their
beauty could be enjoyed for many days.
18
The following composed the notification com
mittee:
Present. J. W. Forrest and wife, New York;
Judge Geo. Honnecker, New Jersey; Hon. J.
R. Keim, New Jersey; Gen. R. Brewer and
daughter, of Mississippi; Gen. J. S. Coxey, of
Ohio; Hon. J. W. Ford, of Kansas, and Capt.
J. P. Lytle, of Florida.
The work of the local arrangement commit
tee, composed of J. E. Bodenhamer, chairman;
J. W. Rowe, I. L. Farrell, M. P. Roane, G. W.
Seals, Oscar Parker, and J. P. Austin, was well
performed, and they deserve the thanks of the
thousands of visitors who came to the meeting.
•8
At the Populist headquarters in the Kimball
House, registers were kept for all the dele
gates and visitors and it was hoped that the
names of all these could be published. But
we did not know how they would pour in. The
list would be too long for anything but a city
directory to attempt.
•8
Needless to say we are gratefully glad that
so many could come. The faces of the dear old
men who have been working in the cause
were mighty good to see again. And the new
faces were so radiant with hope and bright
ness! Some of the “old guard” were not with
us this time. They had been called away into
■B
■tel
' Sil
J. E. BODENHAMER.
Secretary of State Executive Committee and
Chairman of Local Committee on
Arrangements.
the great Mystery, and we know not that any
message will ever come to us, upon the hither
side. Yet we do know that they were faithful
to the end, and their memory will ever be an
inspiration.
18
The spirit of the Convention was one of abso
lute harmony and unfailing devotion. And the
Promise is even as the rainbow. After the storm
and stress of years, still with the cloud-wacks
about us, we can not doubt that the hour has
come for the mists to melt into the light of a
glorious day.
NEBRASKA POPULISTS.
All who wish to vote the Populist ticket this
fall will please send their names to me at
Sterling, Neb.
ALLEN L. POWELL.
» _
Somehow, a man’s hatred of flies always in
creases after he absent-mindedly sits down on
the fly paper. —Washington Post.
PAGE SEVEN