EVERY hard-working business
woman has had to contend
with the woman martyr,
whose husband does not ap
preciate her, and will not provide
as he should, and does not bear pa
tiently with their afflictions. We
have all had this pest at some time
and generally it is a peevish, idle,
lazy woman whose husband is a si
lent sufferer and one whom we know
to be a martyr. Often we have won
dered how he could put up with her
nagging and laziness, yet we must
have the few moments we have been
able to snatch from our arduous la
bors, made irksome by these women.
There is the woman who never
worked and never will. She is too
nervous. She will come and bring
her silk waist to the woman who
holds a good position down town and
does her own cooking and house
work, and tell this busy woman that
she wants her to help her on her
waist, that she is no nervous that she
can’t sew, as she sticks her finger
with the needle, yet she is able to go
out every day of her life and do any
thing she wishes. There is the wom
an who gets up at ten o’clock in the
day after her husband has cooked his
own breakfast and gone to work and
she spends two hours fixing her hair
and one on massaging her face and
then comes by your office to tell you
that she has such an unkind husband
that he will not give her car fare,
and she wants you to let her have
it, but before she leaves she grows
interested in your looks and tells you
that you are breaking so fast that
you are getting wrinkles and that
you ought to take care of your hair
and keep in touch with the times or
you will get to be a back number;
also mentions that your nails need
manicuring.
We have all seen the woman who
never has a cent. She wants to go on
all trips with us and is on hand and
you must either take her or cut out
the trip yourself.
John or Ed or Will or James, is
such a poor provider and you just
have to take her along. She regrets
so much that she has not got the
money to pay for the dinners or the
car fare or the admission to the
shows, but the dear dainty little
creature so loves these things and
you just say to yourself, it is just for
this time and I will not act short
about a dollar and you take her
along. Well, this all seems natural,
but after you have been used this
way for months and then she gives
you a lecture on how you ought to
save your money and shows you her
bank account, you feel that this is the
limit.
There is the miser. Her husband
provides well for her and does not
want her to act “cheap”, but rest as
sured if there is any trip or plan or
business arrangement gone into, you
must count on all the others helping
to pay for part of hers, as she posi
tively will not pay full price for any
thing. She just will not, and when
you and the other ladies get together
to plan any undertaking you always
make arrangements for Mary’s short
age, for you know if she is there the
shortage will be there.
Under the Vine and Fig Tree
Then we have all been with the
woman who will knock down people
on the street car, getting to the con
ductor first to pay the car fare, but
when you have eaten dinner at a res
taurant at a dollar each her veil will
get disarranged or her shoe need
tieing just as you go to the cashier’s
Anointed
By Ralph Methven Thomson
I am your worthy friend, and, so, feel free
To give, unsought, advice eternally.
I would prescribe what you should eat and drink;
’Tis mine to say what you should do and think;
You have no rights, I’d have you understand,
Save those that I would grant you, second hand;
The pomp of wealth it is my boast to claim,
And you have naught to brag of but a—name!
Thus pauperized, ’tis meet that I should pose
As guardian angel of your joys and woes.
It matters not how I my life may live —
That’s not the question—it is mine to give
You pabulum for thought in every deed,
And censor for you what shall be your creed.
You are a woman, hence it is for . me
To set your standard of morality;
And that I’m fit your conduct to advise,
No intimate of mine for once denies,
For I am pampered by the fair ones curled
Upon their couches in the underworld.
Hence, by their trust, I say, between us two,
I’m well equipped to tell you what to do.
What though I am in truth the patron saint
Os questionable places, where restraint
Is mockery, and wild-eyed Lamiae wail,
Like hungry she-wolves, hot upon a trail?
What if I do, beneath the cloak of night,
Follow some Siren in her fairy flight
Through mystic labyrinths unto a cave
Where waiting Harpies in their frenzy rave?
What if I help by every act I know
To sink them deeper in their sloughs of woe?
Before the world I am a man, I say,
And does that fact not wash all guilt away?
May I not leave them in their vile disgrace,
And, with the day, remask my sensuous face,
And amble forth with a celestial stare,
And hands uplifted in a threat of prayer?
Suppose I do claim Bacchus for a friend,
And stagger with him until Time shall end,
Paying due homage at his beck and call,
And joining with him in a drunken brawl?
Am I thought less of when I walk with men
Because I patronize his filthy den?
Behold, I’m decent when the light of day
Once more has driven tipsy night away!
And if, perchance, around a board of green
I woo the goddess smiling on the scene,
And make obeisance to her until dawn,
Weary of night, demands the sun in pawn,—
May I not still with gentlemanly tread
Pursue my course, lift up my lofty head,
Give charitably to the worthy poor,
And, honored, tell my rosary as before?
I say to you that I am qualified
To be your mentor fully panoplied!
It is for me, not you, to judge your heart —
For me to tell the motives there that start;
For me to counsel what I deem is best
For the soul-longings hidden in your breast.
I would select with whom I’d have you go,
Because my actions brand me fit, I know.
However pure you think each spirit thought,
’Tis mine to say if it be evil fraught;
I’d point for you the moral road.to take,
And shield you from a Machiavelian rake.
Raise up your eyes—behold an halo shine
Above my unctuous brow —I am —divine!
Trust to my judgment—gold bought women do —
I am a man and know what’s best for—You!
I am a worthy friend, and, therefore free
To mold, unsought, for you your destiny.
I am not what you would call “heart clean”,
I’m qualified, at least, by right of mien
To arrogate unto myself a plan
To save your virgin soul; —I am a—Man!
3cffersonlart
Conducted by Grace Kirkland
desk —or if the worse comes she will
tell you she only has small change in
her purse but the real money can
not be gotten at —just there and
then and she forgets it afterwards.
Then the woman who wants to
borrow. She hangs around and
knows that you have the money, and
she asks you for a loan, she is
pressed, her husband is out of town
and the house rent is due or his in
surance will go by default, or the
gas bill has been received and the
gas will be cut off. Os course you
just cannot say “no” and she is go
ing to pay you next week when John
comes home. Well, weeks go by and
all you get is promises; finally you
make demands for your money, and
if you get it at all, you have mad®
an undying enemy w r ho “never speaks
as she passes by.”
The next is the invalid; may the
good Lord deliver us from the In
valid. She is too sick to work, and
can talk of nothing else but her
health and her troubles (most of
them brought on by her own indis
cretions) ; she is unable to earn a
living and the public owes her one,
but she is able to get out and
walk five miles a day and always has
a fine appetite. Yes; we all know
her. We have met her, but this spe
cies of barnacles is rare, as they gen
erally persecute their families unless
they have overdone the act and been
thrown out, then we must all b®
made to suffer, and help her.
Then there is the woman who
takes an agency for some article that
you do not need, nor never will, but
you are marked on her list as “easy”
and down she comes and you must
buy one, and you just buy one for
sympathy and to get rid of her and
there goes fifty cents of your hard
earned money, and to even up things
you go and eat a cheap lunch instead
of buying a full dinner, and she man
ages to strike some other acquaint
ance at dinner hour and gets a good
meal.
There are a lot of other kinds of
nuisances that I have not touched
on, but they can be kept away with
more ease. There is the gossip, and
the inquisitive acquaintance who
wants to know how much salary you
make and if you save any money and
if you carry the money or your hus
band, and thousands of other in
quiries that are just as presumptu
ous; well, you can lead them out.
There is the woman who lives in th®
neighborhood who will sit up nights
to see what time your husband got
home, and she will go to your place
of business to find out what salary
you are making in order to see if it
is sufficient for you to live on with
out stealing. There are so many
kinds that they are too numerous to
mention.
The woman who works should re
solve to put to flight the loafing
deadbeat. The farmer’s wife can be
thankful that she is not afflicted
with these pests.
We made a sad mistake when we
abandoned the old blue-back speller
with its fables and morals like “the
boy and the grindstone.” These
fables took hold of the mind when
we were children and every old man
and woman will quote them now
when an attempt is being made to
fleece them. E. FLETCHER.
“Like lettuce, Pat?”
“No, Oi don’t. An’ Oi’m glad Oi
don’t. For if Oi liked ut Oi’d ate ut,
an’ I nate the damn stuff.” —-Life.
PAGE FIVE