PAGE TEN
PLATFORM OF FFOPLF’S PARTY
Preamble.
The People’s party of the United States,
in convention assembled, at St. Louis. Mo.,
this 3d. day of April. 1908, with increased
confidence in its contentions, reaffirms the
declarations made by its first national con
vention at Omaha in 1892.
The admonitions of Washington’s farewell
address; the state papers of Jefferson, and the
words of Lincoln are the teachings of our
greatest apostles of human rights and political
liberty. There has been a departure from the
teachings of these great patriots during recent
administrations. The government has been
controlled so as to place the rights of property
above the rights of humanity, and has brought
the country to a condition that is full of
danger to our national well-being. Finan
cial combinations have had too much power
over' Congress and too much influence with
the administrative departments of the govern
ment.
Prerogatives of government have been un
wisely and often corruptly surrendered to
corporate monopoly and aggregations of
predatory wealth. The supreme duty of the
hour is for the people to insist that these
functions of government be exercised in their
own interest. Not the giver of the “thirty
pieces of silver” has been condemned, but the
’■Judas” who received them has been execrat
ed through the ages. The sycophants of
monopoly deserve no better fate.
Money.
I’he issuance of money is a function of
government and should not bo delegated to
corporation or individual. The Constitution
gives Congress alone the power to issue money
and regulate the value thereof: we. therefore,
demand that all money shall'be issued by the
government direct to the people without* the
intervention of banks, and shall be a full
legal tender for all debts, public and private,
and in quantity sufficient to supply the needs
of the country.
The issuance and distribution of full legal
tender money from the Treasury shall not be
through private banks, preferred or otherwise,
but direct to the people without interest for
the construction and purchase of Federal and
infernal improvements, and utilities, ami for
the employment of labor.
Land.
I he public domain is the sacred heritage of
all the people and should be held for home
steads for actual settlers only. Alien owner
ship should bo forbidden, and lands now held
by aliens or by corporations, who have violated
the conditions of their grants, should be re
stored to the public domain.
Trusts and Monopoly.
I’o prevent unjust discrimination and mo
nopoly the government should own and control
the railroads and those public utilities which
in their nature are monopolies. To perfect
the postal service the government should own
and operate the general telegraph and tele
phone systems and provide a parrels post.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
As to those trusts and monopolies which are
not. public utilities or natural monopolies,
we demand that those special privileges which
they now enjoy and which alone enable them
to exist shall he immediately withdrawn.
Corporations being the creatures of govern
ment should be subjected to such governmental
regulation and control as will adequately .pro
tect the public.
\V e demand the taxation of monopoly priv
ileges while they remain in private hands to
the extent of the value of the privilege grant
ed.
M e demand that Congress shall enact a
general law uniformly regulating the powers
ami duties of all incorporated companies doing
inter-stale business.
Initiative and Referendum.
As a means of placing all public questions
directly under the control of the people, we
demand that legal provision be made under
which the people may exercise the initiative
and referendum, proportional representation,
and direct vote for all public officers with the
rbrht of recall.
We recommend a federal statute that will
recognize the principle of the initiative and
referendum, and thereby restore to the voters
the right to instruct their national repre
sentatives.
Labor.
M e believe in the right of those who labor
to organize for their mutual protection and
benefit, and pledge the efforts of the People’s
party to reserve this right inviolate.
We condemn the. recent attempt to destroy
the power of trades-unions through the unjust
use of the Federal injunction, substituting
government by injunction for free government.
We favor the enactment of legislation
looking to the improvement of conditions for
wage-earners.
M e demand the abolition of child labor in
factories and mines, and the suppression of
sweatshops.
We oppose the use of convict labor in
competition with free labor.
M e demand the exclusion from American
shores of foreign paper labor imported to
h<*at down the wages of intelligent American
woikingmen.
We favor the eight-hour work dav, and
legislation protecting the lives and limbs of
workmen through the use of safety appliances.
\\ e demand the enactment of an Employers
Liabilitv Act within constitutional bounds.
We declare against the continuation of the
criminal carelessness in the operation of mines
through which thousands of miners have lost
their lives to increase the dividends of stock
holders. and'demand the immediate adoption
of precautionary measures to prevent a repe
tition of such horrible catastrophes.
Me declare that in times of depression
when workingmen are thrown into enforced
idleness works of public improvement, should
bo at once inaugurated and work provided for
those who cannot otherwise secure employment.
We especially emphasize the declaration of
the Omaha platform that “wealth belongs to
him who creates it and every dollar taken
from industry without a just equivalent is
robbery. ’ ’
We congratulate the farmers of the country
upon the enormous growth of their splendid
organizations and the good already accomplish
ed through them, securing higher prices for
farm products and better conditions generally
for those engaged in agricultural pursuits.
We urge the importance of maintaining these
organizations and extending their power and
influence.
Courts.
We condemn all unwarranted assumption of
authority by inferior Federal courts in an
nulling. by injunction, the laws of the States,
and demand legislative action by Congress
which will inhibit such usurpation, and will
restrict to the Supreme Court of the United
States the exercise of power in cases involving
State legislation.
Gambling in Futures.
We are opposed to gambling in futures.
We present to all people the foregoing
declaration of principles and policies as out’
deep, earnest and abiding convictions; and
now. before the country and in the name of the
great moral but eternal power in the universe
that makes for right thinking and right living
and determines the destiny of nations, this
convention pledges that the People’s party
will stand by these principles and policies in
success and in defeat: that never again will
the party, by the siren songs and false prom
ises of designing politicians, be tempted to
change its course or be drawn again upon the
treacherous rocks of fusion.
The above is a true copy of the Platform of
the People’s party adopted April 3, 1908, by
the National Convention at St. Louis, Mo.
JO. A. PARKER.
Secretary Executive Committee,
John Randolph, the great American states
man, said: “I should have been an atheist
if it had not been for one recollection and
that was the memory of the time when my de
parted mother used to take my little hand in
hers and cause me to say: ‘Our Father who
art in Heaven.’ ”
Teacher—(leorge. define responsibility.
George—Well, Professor, it is like this: for
instance, if you were to pull one of the but
tons off your trousers, all the responsibility
would be on the other one.
A little boy put 18 eggs under a hen; his
mother said to him: “Charlie, why did you
put so many eggs under that hen?” Charlie
said: “I just wanted to see the old fool spread
herself.”
The cry of the infant Moses attracted the
attention of Pharaod’s daughter and gave to
the Jews a law giver.