Obe 3effersoy tan
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. .
Vol. 7, Number 4
Why Is It Costing Everybody So Much More to
Live, Than It Did This Time Last Year ?
Lon Livingston Explains It
Il
IgaO
they be. While corporation judges, such as
the infamous Peter Grosscup, are revelling
at banquets in Chicago with semi-nude ballet
dancers to w enliven the entertainment; and
while the barons of the Steel Trust are hold
ing Belshazzar feasts in Pittsburg, with
naked women swimming in fountains like
goldfish, thousands of the victims of the ma
rauding Trusts are perishing, for the want of
food, clothing, shelter and medical attention.
Those who know of conditions in the large
cities, this winter, say that the suffering
among the poor is indescribable. The panic
of 1907 swept millions off their feet; and, at
the very time that the country had begun to
recover from that Morgan-made panic, the
ltdorgan-made Republican administration put
the damnable Aldrich-Payne tariff on us.
No wonder the Trusts, gorged on gold, are
holding Belshazzar feasts, in halls of more
than Oriental luxury! No wonder the Fed
eral judges, like the infamous Peter Gross
cup, can afford a royal palace, sumptuous liv
ing, prodigal banquets—with Herodias, the
naked and shameless, to lasciviously dance
before the despot. He it was who set aside
that Landis fine of $29,000,000, you know.
Falsified the record, too—the infamous tool
of the Standard Oil Company, and other cor
porations !
But while the Trusts have got over the
panic of 1907, the common people have not.
Congress legislated the Trusts into clover, at
the expense of the common people.
Throughout the length and breadth of the
land, a cry of dismay is heard. The cost of
living is bounding upward. The men and
women who toil for a fixed wage are quaking,
in dread of the future. To his amazement,
the wheat-grower who got such a good price
for his crop, is realizing that the money will
not buy as much of what he needs, as did the
smaller prices of the past. The cotton-grower
is equally astonished to find that the roseate
times promised him by fifteen-cent cotton is a
mirage— it recedes as he advances. /
ir/m/ do you suppose is old Lords explana
tion of the advance in the cost of living?
He mentions three reasons:
(1) The trend of population to the cities.
(2) Overcrowding in the cities.
(3) The all-cotton farming of the South.
The first two reasons, as you can see at a
glance, resolve themselves into one; and the
second comes with insolent inappropriatehess
at a time when the South has diversified her
crops to a greater extent than ever before.
HE corporation henchmen who
revised the Dingley tariff up
ward, as the Trusts demanded,
instead of downward, as the Re
publicans had promised the peo
ple, ARE SCARED. Well may
JI Ganta, Ga., Thursday, January 27, 1910
Why should the trend of population to the
cities an advance in the cost of living?
Do the people eat more, after going to
town?
Have the millions of our people bodacious
ly moved into the cities, since last summer?
Did the overcrowding of the cities occur
immediately after old Lon helped the Repub
licans pass that damnable tariff bill? Has
the one-crop system of Southern farming suf
fered any radical change since last summer?
Have we not made less cotton, and more food
products than ever before?
No wonder that the cynical hypocrite
should be putting forth theories which he
hopes will hide the facts. HE'S SCARED —
the guilty, treacherous henchman of the J. P.
Al organ Southern Railway system!
At the extra-session of Congress, last year,
he played his game a little too openly. He
uncovered himself—possibly he was drinking
more heavily than usual, and was not so cun
ning as when only half drunk.
Anyhow, his copartnership with the Re
publicans revealed itself beyond all hope of
his ever being able to disprove it. SCHLEY
HOWARD CAN GET THE EVIDENCE.
IF HE HASN'T ALREADY GOT IT.
Livingston worked for Joe Cannon, just as
earnestly as John Dalzell, of Pennsylvania,
did. With Lon’s help, the Republican boss
got enough votes from the Georgia delega
tion —added to those of the New York de
serters —to make up for the loss of the Re
publican Insurgents. In his speech in Kansas
City, Missouri, (not Washington City, as the
type made me say) Speaker Cannon told his
Republican healers that, had it not been for
the help of the Democratic Congressmen who
came over to him, last spring, the Republi
cans could not hare passed the Payne-Aldrich
bill.
In other words, the Republican Speaker,
who is recognized everywhere- as one of the
main supports of the marauding Trusts, tells
the country, that he could not have got the
kind of tariff law which the Trusts wanted,
had not the Democratic deserters gone to his
relief.
That public statement has been published,
in pamphlet form, at your expense, and has
been scattered all over the land. IFnte to
your Congressman for a copy.
Those candidates who are opposing the
Georgia deserters ought to flood their dis
tricts with old Joe Cannon's tribute to them.
Great God ! Think of it. The Democratic
delegation of Georgia supplying the Repub
licans with the necessary votes to pass a law
that is the very worst piece of class legislation
that the unfavored millions of any country
had to endure— a law which enabled' the
Trusts to immediately begin to put up the
prices of the necessaries of life — a law which
prostrated the country at the very time when
it was just beginning to recover from the
Morgan-made panic of 1907—a law, under
whose baleful operations the Trusts and their
Federal judges are luxuriating in riotous liv
ing, while its victims are starving to death!
Going to Congress twenty years ago on the
Alliance platform, as rampant champion of
the opjiressed, tariff-cursed farmers, Lon Liv
ingston closes his vile career by going over to
the Trust-owned Republicans, and lending
them indispensable aid to pass a law which
cruelly adds to the burden of every farmer in
America.
If Schley Howard can not take Joe Can
non's November speech, the Congressional
Record of last March, and the damnable Al
drich bill itself, and rouse the people of At
lanta into a furious resentment of Livings
ton’s betrayal of them, he is not the cam
paigner he is said to be. As Howard is com
mitted to the race, and no one else is, it is to
be hoped that the sly old wire-puller will not
succeed in drawing other candidates into the
field. They would simply be playing Livings
ton's game for him.
Let the opponents of Gordon Lee, Charles
Edwards, Bill Howard and William Brant
ley use the ammunition referred to in this
editorial.
Joe Cannon’s speech in Kansas City, his
tribute to them, his admission of how they
helped him and the Republican party,
OUGHT TO POLITICALLY DAMN
THESE DESERTERS FOREVER!
Eltis, of Philadelphia, Vili
fies Watson
N the Macon, Georgia, Mission
ary Convention, Mr. W. T. El
lis, of Pennsylvania, was put up
to abuse me; and he did it. In
part, he said:
“If there is any manhood left in
Il
II
you, you will stop this slander of your mission
aries. Criticism does not hurt any enterprise,
but you can’t afford to stand for the slander of
your own mission boards and your own mission
aries.
“When a man comes out in his unmentionable
magazine and compares the pure women who are
missionaries in China with Elsie Sigel, you ought
not to stand for it, for such slander is damnable.
The common rules of journalism would have told
any man to inform himself as to the difference in
conditions of the case of Elsie Sigel, who was not
a missionary, and the circumstances of the wom
en missionaries in China. The conditions are no
more alike than this specimen I refer to is like
Georgia manhood.’’
If any one can get a verdict against me for
slander, the judgment can be collected. The
(continued on page twelve)
Price, Five Gents