PAGE EIGHT
d)e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Pestoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. 14 Sept. 23, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in meney erders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Texas Farmers’ Union Makes a
Bad Break
I wonder how the powerful and organized
“interests” worked the rabbit-foot on the
Galveston Convention and managed to com
mit the Farmers’ Union of Texas to the infa
mous ship-subsidy steal. It is very doubtful
whether the delegates who voted for the art
fully drawn resolution realized what they
were doing.
For years and years such odious stand-pat
ters as Senator Gallinger of New Hampshire
has been laboring to sneak the Ship-Subsidy
bill through Congress. Once, it would have
become a law, had not Senator Carmack took
the floor, and resolutely talked the shameful
measure to death.
Why do I call it a shameful measure? Be
cause it is another turn of the tariff screw. It
is another effort to build up an industry at
the expense of those who cannot share its
benefits. It is another outrageous imposition
upon the agricultural classes, —one more spe
cial favor to the manufacturing class.
Where is the sense of Farmers’ Union con
ventions voting to increase the Federal taxes
of the farmers? Where is the justice of kill
ing our merchant marine with absurd navi
gation laws and indefensible tariff laws, and
then taxing the common people for the benefit
of the railroad lines which wish to establish
steamship lines?
1 liese stand-pat Senators, —like Gallinger,
Aldrich and Lodge,—won’t allow an Ameri
can citizen to purchase his vessel wherever it
can be bought cheapest. If they would sim
ply do that, there wouldn’t be any distress be
cause of the disappearance of our flag from
the seas.
Would it not be better for the Farmers’
Union leaders to demand that the American
who wants to own and operate a steamship,
be permitted to buy it in the best market? In
that case, the American could get his vessel
as cheaply as the European gets his, and he
could then compete with the European. At
present, this cannot be done. “The flag”,
which these greedy schemers are pretending
to love so dearly, will not give its protection
to the American, unless he buys his ship in
the costliest market in the world!
Do the Farmers’ Union leaders consider
that such conditions are just? Who would be
hurt by allowing Americans to buy the ships
which foreigners now buy, and do the ocean
going business that the foreigners now do?
The Ship-subsidy means that the Govern
ment will take your money out of the nation
al treasury, and give it to these railroad cor
porations the amount which represents the
difference between the cost of a foreign-built
vessel, and one constructed by the Steel Trust.
The late lamented Harriman was eager for
the Ship-subsidy. He maintained lines of
steamers, in connection with his Pacific rail
roads, and he was exceedingly anxious to lay
a pipe-line between ,his ships and your na
tional treasury. Mr. Hearst, the ally of Har
riman, also favors the said pipe-line.
‘Blje Jeffersoitian
It is astonishing, disheartening to find the
Farmers’ Union of Texas allowing itself to
be duped by artfully drawn resolutions, and
by plausible speeches,— made by men whom
perhaps the “Interests” have employed.
The Ship-subsidy is just a plain, brazen,
disgraceful attempt to steal the funds of the
tariff-cursed common people. The combina
tion in favor of the robbery may be found ir
resistible. It consists of the Tariff Barons,
on the one hand, and the Wall Street railway
kings, on the other. These “Interests” gen
erally get what they go after. But it is a
sickening sight to see farmers, listening to
the venal plausibilities of those who farm the
farmers, and lending aid to the Harriman-
Hill—Steel Trust conspiracy.
® 0 g)
‘'Even Mr Watson Should Regard
the Facts ”
Under this sweet and Christ-like headline,
there appears in the latest issue of the Wes
leyan Christian Advocate, an editorial which
occupies the place of honor in the paper.
Even Mr. Watson, should regard the facts!
What a notorious liar “this man” must be,
to be sure!
lhe concluding line in the editorial repeats,
‘Even Mr. Thomas E. Watson should regard
facts, when he enters a newspaper discussion
concerning the Church's method and effort to
carry out the command of the Lord of the
Church.”
The Reverend Dr. W. C. Lovett ought to be
very sure of his ground when he impliedly
accuses Mr. Watson, or anyone else, of being
a reckless liar. He owes it to himself, and
his readers, to be able to show wherein Mr.
JI atson has been disregarding the facts dur
ing this discussion of Foreign Missions.
In its first editorial on that subject, the
Advocate alluded to Mr. Watson in terms of
such gross disrespect that every one must
have felt that Dr. Lovett considered “this
man a pariah, to whom no sort of courtesv
was due. J
By what right does Dr. Lovett treat Mr.
VV atson in that manner ? What has Mr. Wat
son said or done to provoke and justify the
extreme rudeness and rancor?
Can the Advocate enumerate a series of
falsehoods that Mr. M atson has told or writ
ten, and which justify the bitterly contemptu
ous references to him that are constantly ap
pearing in the editorial columns of Dr. Lov
ett s paper?
The controversy on I oreign Missions has
taken the widest range: almost numberless
facts and details have been handled; and it
A\ould be strange if, in dealing with this mass
of material, no error had crept in.
the gold-lettered Church in Songdo,
Korea, Reverend Dr. Smith, of Richmond,
' irgmia, proved that a mistake was made in
not attributing that edifice to the generosity
of an individual. As soon as this correction
was published by Dr. Smith, it was conspicu
ously referred to in The Jeffersonian. The
error was not material to the general issue.
In like manner, when we fell into a mistake,
clue to forgetfulness, and stated that the Ad
vocate had not set Mr. Watson right in the
matter of those New York World charges
against the management of Foreign Missions,
we would have been only too glad to have
promptly made the necessary correction, and
tendered our apologies. It is unjust in Dr.
Lovett to assume that, because of that slight
error, which in no way affects the merits of
the controversy about Foreign Missions, that
Mr. Watson has shown no regard for the facts
during the discussion. Impliedly, that is
what Dr. Lovett says. The effect of his words
is exactly . the same as though he said that,
during this controversy on Foreign Missions,
Mr. Watson has shown no regard for the
facts. Is it right for Dr. Lovett to insinuate
that? Can he prove anything of the sort?
In editorial after editorial in the Advocate,
he has made statements about Foreign Mis
sions which Mr. Watson proved to be inac
curate. Has Dr. Lovett corrected those state
ments of his, after they were shown to be un
founded? He has not.
Is it displaying the spirit of a good Christ
ian to hold up Mr. Watson to public con
tempt, as a man who has shown no regard for
the truth during this controversy, when he
himself, has been proven to be wrong, time
and time again, and when he has not once
given his readers the benefit of a single cor
rection?
Our readers will remember that we had an
editorial on the three-page article in the Wes
leyan Christian Advocate,— -an article in
which Dr. Lovett referred to Mr. Watson as
“this man”, and which appeared under the
caption, "Is It Persistent Ignorance or Wilful
Misrepresentation?” Dr. Lovett informed
Mr. Watson that the headquarters of “our
Board of Missions” were in Nashville, Ten
nessee, and added, “within twenty-four hours
Mr. Watson could have gotten the facts con
cerning our work, if he had wished to be ac
curate and just.”
Wasn’t that very offensive? Is it good
taste to use such insulting wmrds as those,
which imply that your adversary doesn’t
zcant to be just?
What were those statements of Mr. Watson
concerning which Dr. Lovett asked the ques
tion, “Is it persistent ignorance or wilful mis
representation ? ”
Why, it was the editorial which stated that
the Methodist Church, like the others, fur
nishes free, tuition to the heathen. Dr. Lovett
denied this, flatly, and referred me to the
Nashville Board for the facts. Our readers
will remember that Dr. Lovett’s advice was
taken, that “our Board at Nashville” was ap
plied to, and that the Secretary, Mr. W. W.
Pinson, very promptly and courteously sent
the last report of the Board of Missions of
the Methodist Episcopal Church, South.
from that official document, Mr. Watson
proved that Dr. Lovett was the man who was
ignorant. of what “our Churoh” was doing ~in
the foreign field; and that it was Dr. Lovett
of whom the question might have been asked,
“Is it persistent ignorance or wilful misrep
resentation?”
On page 50 of that report, it appeared from
the statement of Reverend AV. G. Cram, of
the Korean Mission, that the students had
formerly been given tuition entirely free, but
that latterly “it was thought wise to make
the students pay the nominal monthly tuition
of ten sen” (in our money, five cents), and
the Reverend W. G. Cram further stated that
that was the rule with most of the schools in
Songdo. Mr. Cram said that during the
whole spring term, the amount of the tuition
collected from the parents and the children
of these heathen was only $lO, — “Owing to
the fact that many of the boys were unable to
pay, while some were unwilling to pay even
that modest sum.”
Mr. Cram further said that even the piti
ful little $lO that they got from the heathen
were given to two Korean students, who acted
as assistant tutors in the school. There were
more than 100 boys in the school, and there
were six teachers, not counting the two stu
dent tutors. Besides the tuition, Mr. Cram
reported to the Conference that eight of those
Korean students had to be furnished with
board.
On page 53 of that report of the Board of
Missions of the M. E. Church, South, it ap
peared that eleven of the students in the
Union Intermediate School of Mr. C. G.
Houndshell were boarded as well as educated
at the expense of the Methodist Church.
On page 71 of the report, it was shown that
the Palmore Institute had 500 students, and
that the principal of the school said that
“few of the great number of pupils that come
to us are Christians”, and the receipts were
shown to be only S7OO, whereas the total ex-