even in the Senate the angry roar of pop
ular discontent is making corpbration sen
ators sit up and take notice.
Times have changed. Things are not
what they used to be. When Senator
Clay delivered that fine greenback speech
a few days ago, old Aldrich growled out,
‘‘We used to be familiar with that kind of
talk, but I thought that had all died out.”
Yes, these Wall Street knaves thought
that they had won their game for good
and all, and that Special Privilege had
nothing more to fear from the people.
The Washington Post trots out its old
sneer about “printing-press money,” but
even the Post realizes that the sneer has
lost its sting. The printing-press, indeed!
What have we had this winter but “print
ing-press money”? What are your Clear
ing House certificates? What are your
national bank notes? What is Boss Mor
gan asking for, if it is not the privilege of
issuing printing-press money on printing
press bonds?
What astounding cheek these organs of
Special Privilege have I
When Senator Clay, voicing the de
mands of his people, urges upon the gov
ernment the issuance of government notes
based upon the wealth and credit of the
entire nation, the plutocrats begin to rave
against “printing-press money.” But when
Boss Morgan goes to Washington and
demands for his rascally Wall Street
crowd the right to issue paper money
based on railroad bonds, nothing too
strong can be said in favor of this mon
strous proposition.
Why is it that Boss Morgan and his ras
cally crowd oppose the issuance of gov
ernment money?
(1) Because that would increase the
supply of real money, and would weaken
the grip of the Wall Street Money Trust.
(2) Because Boss Morgan and his ras
cally crowd could not earn compound in
terest on treasury notes issued directly by
the government to the people.
(3) Because the direct issue of money
by the government would weaken the
mastery which the eastern capitalists now
have over the South and West.
(4) Because a direct issue of money by
the government would make it impossible
for the Wall Street rascals to expand and
contract the currency whenever they get
ready.
(5) Because a direct issue of money by
the government would soon break up the
concentration of capital in New York and
make it impossible for the New York
banks to victimize the whole country as
they did last fall.
(6) Because the direct issue of money
by the government would mean the end
of the outrageous tyranny and colossal
profits of the national banks.
Therefore, the issues at stake are tre
mendous. No wonder Boss Morgan has
gone to Washington to take command of
the lobby in person.
The time was when this greedy and
pompous old rascal could go over to
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Washington on the afternoon train, get
all that he wanted from President Cleve
land in a night interview, and be back at
his New York office next day.
That time has passed. In the White
House the people now have A MAN —
thank God!
If Boss Morgan wins this time, the fight
will leave its scars on him, and his vic
tory in Congress will be the signal for
such an uprising of the people as will
shake Wall Street to its foundations!
•S H
Great Premium Offer.
Send $3 and get two bound volumes
containing the twelve numbers of the Jef
fersonian Magazine for 1907.
Or send $1.50 and get full set back num
bers for 1907.
For ten new subscribers to either Jef
fersonian, at full prices, we send you the
two bound volumes as a premium.
•S H H
When the Debit Was Sick.
•
You know how it was when old
Satan got sick, don’t you? He repented
-him of his sins, was sorry that he
had been so wicked, and wanted to be a
saint. That was when he was sick. The
moment the danger passed —PRESTO!—
“devil a saint was he !”
Being well, again, the law of his na
ture re-asserted itself, and he was just
the same wicked old Satan that he had
always been.
The Democratic party, in 1892, was
“powerful sick.” It had joined hands
with the Republicans in committing sc
many legislative sins against the people
that it was about to be swept off the
face of the earth bv a revolt of the in
dignant Democratic masses. The leaders
and Ring Rulers saw that something hau
to be done.
The Devil was sick —powerful sick —
he must make motions like a saint.
So they called a big convention in At
lanta, and they adopted the identical style
and language that the Devil used when
he was very, very sick. They put forth
a platform which was so good, and rang
with such virtuous indignation against
all manner of political sin, and made such
lovely promises to live a more godly life
in the future, that the Democratic masses
were soothed, disarmed and put to sleep.
Never would it do to tear awav from the
dear old Democrtic party when its lead
ers were talking in that heavenly tone!
So the people voted the same old way:
the Ring Rulers got what they wanted:
the spell of sickness passed off, and then
the Old Boy was himself again—and
“devil a saint was he.”
I want vou to read that Democratic
platform of 1892. You will find it else
where in this issue of the Jeffersonian.
After you have read it once, I want
you to read it again, and carefully.
Then I want you to reflect on it. T
want you so remember that that plat-
form was a public pledge which in honor
bound the Democrats of Georgia to do
certain things.
I want you to remember that the Dem
ocrats were kept in power because of
those pledges. Then I want you to bear
in mind that the Democrats have been in
power ever since that platform was
adopted, and that they never did make
the slightest effort to redeem a single
promise which they had so positively and
publicly made.
The very moment that they got the
offices they forgot all about the pledges.
It was not until the Populists, in 1906,
gave their support to Hoke Smith and
made him Governor ON A DIS
TINCT CONTRACT THAT CERTAIN
THINGS SHOULD BE DONE that any
reforms whatever were so much as at
tempted.
As to national legislation, the Demo
cratic party has done none of the things
promised in the plaform, but has done
pretty much everything which it de
nounced as wrong.
But the Devil was sick and “the devil
a saint would be” —hence the eloquent,
virtuous, patriotic platform. The danger
passed, and the Twins went to mocking
and plundering the people, as before.
I thought it might be well to republish
this old platform of 1892. It furnishes
food for thought. The signs of the times
that the Devil is going to have another
spell of sickness. Unless I am mightily
mistaken, he is going to feel like being a
saint once more. To save him the trouble
of inventing another deceptive, hypocrit
ical declaration of “Good Intentions,” I
republish the one which fooled the peo
ple so well in 1892.
•? R M
When the Debit Was Sick.
(Democratic Platform Adopted in 1892.)
Mr. L. F. Garrard, chairman of the plat
form committee, read the following plat
form, which had been agreed upon by the
committee:
1. Resolved, That we, the Democrats of
Georgia, in convention assembled, reaf
firm our devotion to the time-honored
principles of our historic party. We be
lieve that the powers delegated by the
people should be strictly construed; that
the autonomy of states and the rights
of local self-government and home rule
should be zealously guarded; that no
money should be taken from the people
under any pretext for other than public
purposes; that the strictest economy
should be exercised in all governmental
expenditures, whether local, state or na
tional ; that legislation should be confined
to the legitimate objects of the govern
ment; that public office is a solemn pub
lic trust.
2. We believe that the same care and
caution should be used by the govern
ment, both state and national, in the ex
penditure of public money as is used by
(Continued on Twelve.)
PAGE NINE