PAGE TWELVE
. McLendon Wins
(Concluded from Page Nine)
such as the Standard Oil Trust and the In
surance Companies. He will also have to ex
plain why neither he nor his paper endeavor
ed to have his Legislature adopt the Income
Tax amendment.
In other words, Mr. Smith piled up lots of
storm-clouds on his political horizon, by that
grand-stand slaughter of McLendon.
® IS ®
In the Union News We Read:
“We have men who have posed as reformers for many
years, who have in course of development become large
landowners, and in almost every instance these re
formers have drifted from the people, have begun to
see things from a different viewpoint, and as they
pile up their wealth they get further and further from
the best interests of the masses.”
I guess that arrow was aimed at a man of
about my size. Still, I own less land, by sev
eral good farms, than I did when Charley
Barrett urged me to accept the Presidency of
the National Farmers' Union; less than when
Mr. Duckworth praised me in his speeches
and in his paper; less than when Barrett came
to my home to invite me to address the Na
tional Convention in Atlanta ; and less than
when the Union News printed, voluntarily,
the speech I made to the Farmers’ Union Con
vention in New Orleans, last winter.
So far as “piling up wealth” is concerned,
it happens to be just the other way. Have
less, by some thousands, than when I quit
piling it up (lecturing and pleading law) to
take hold of reform work, again.
My wife and I together own nearly six
thousand acres, officially assessed at four dol
lars per acre, after a legal arbitration had re
sulted in a unanimous finding, in favor of
that valuation. As trustee for a granddaugh
ter, I hold 850 acres more. A very consid
erable percentage of my real estate has been
sold to finance the Jeffersonians.
At the time Thomas Jefferson was fighting
and breaking up the entailed estates of the
Virginia aristocracy, he owned 40,000 acres
of land.
At the time Andrew Jackson was waging
war upon the national bank and the money
power, he owned a landed estate, in Tennes
see, worth more than that of my whole family.
When Peter Cooper made his great struggle
for the common people, he was immensely
more wealthy than I have ever been or ever
will be.
I wish I could hope to emulate, to some
slight extent, the greatness, goodness and true
democracy of Robert E. Lee, —whose landed
estate was, before the War, vastly more val
uable than mine is now, or ever has been.
The fling at my “land ownership” is charac
teristic of the demagogue. That kind of thing
won't go down in Georgia.
I own no more land now than when I led
the fight on the Jute-bagging Trust; no more
than when I made the successful struggle for
Rural Free Delivery.
When Duckworth, and those who listened
to him, advised the farmers not to sell cotton
at twelve cents, in 1907, but to demand fifteen
cents, I stood with the farmers. Lost money
by it, —as so many thousands did. My losses
ran up to about five thousand dollars, —not to
mention the town-taxes, county-taxes, and
State-taxes that I had to pay on the held-over
cotton.
Duckworth lost nothing. He had no cotton
to hold.
In what respect have I “drifted from the
people”? Was it I who made that “enthu
siastic speech”, at the Galveston Farmers’
Union Convention, in favor of the ship-sub
sidy which the Union News, immediately
afterwards, denounced as “a steal”?
If, while Duck is in Georgia editing his pa
per, the ship-subsidy is “a steal”, why is it not
3effcr«onian
“a steal” when Duck is in Texas, making “an
enthusiastic speech” for it?
The immense Hearst estate is allied to the
Southern Pacific Railroad, and financially in
terested in it. This transcontinental railroad
owns a liilfe of steamers. These steamers do
not pay. They are unable to compete with
the less costly European ships,— MANY OF
WHICH ARE OWNED BY AMERI
CANS.
Consequently, Mr. Hearst, who is a busi
ness ally of the Standard Oil group, the Steel
Trust and the Harriman railroads, is vigor
ously aiding the ship-subsidy men— MHO
ARE REPUBLICANS OF THE AL
DRICH-GALLINGER-CANNON STRIPE.
Their latest plan is to have the Government
take millions of dollars out of the Postoffice
Department, and give it to the owners of
American-built vessels. (To take the public
funds from the Postoffice receipts is just as
bad as to take it from the Internal Revenue
receipts, Customs receipts, or any other.)
For some years, Mr. Hearst has been en
deavoring to get influence with the Farmers’
Union. One of his motives for urging me to
accept the position which John Temple
Graves now holds, was to secure a man who
had influence with the farmers. That, also,
has been his motive in trying to cultivate
Charley Barrett.
Evidently, Hearst is “getting there”. A
man with his enormous resources can do
strange and wonderful things. He has strung
on to his string some of the Farmers’ Union
leaders, and Farmers’ Union papers. Some
of these have been duped; some of them may
have been corrupted.
The Mark Hanna-William McKinley ar
gument in favor of tariffs which compel the
people to pay two or three prices for what
they buy, can be presented so plausibly that
even the victims are deceived. The eels lie
still, while they are being skinned.
So, with the ship-subsidy advocates. To
those Avho have hurriedly read the literature
of the Merchant Marine League, the case in
favor of the subsidizing of seagoing mer
chants seems overwhelming. But to those
who are not high-tariff men, and not inter
ested in a selfish way, it seems an outrage
upon the millions of taxpayers to take their
money from the public treasury, and give it
to the continental railroads that operate ships.
Don't they make enough profit on the rail
roads to enable them to stand some loss on the
ships? Even after allowing for the deficit
in the operation of his steamers, did not Har
riman pile up stupendous sums.of net earn
ings, for himself and associates, by the ma
nipulation of freight and passenger rates on
his railways?
To be sure, he did. Then where is the jus
tice of taxing the people, to make good the
losses on those steamers?
Can you explain why certain Farmers' 1
Union leaders should be showing such sud
den and simultaneous interest in the ship
subsidy ?
The subject is not new. The agitation was
started by that arch-briber, Marcus A. Han
na, who spent such oceans of boodle to beat
Bryan in 189 G.
The ship-subsidy proposition was Mark
Hanna’s pet. The agitation has continued
ever since the great corruptionist died. The
chief sponsors for it, and champions of it, are
the very worst political prostitutes in public
life. Such notorious corporation serfs as
Senators Gallinger of New Hampshire,
Aldrich of Rhode Island, Depew of New
York, Penrose of Pennsylvania, Lodge of
Massachusetts; and such Representatives as
Cannon, Dalzell and Payne, are the Congress
men who are loudest in favor of the steal.
How is it possible for Southern farmers, —
or farmers anywhere—to believe that these
Congressional tools of the Trusts care a rap
for “the flag”, or “the farmer”?
Don’t you know that these men are grab
bing at public money for ship-owners, on the
same principle that they construct robber
tariffs, and grant special privileges to cor
porations ?
In the first number of the New York Wat
son’s Magazine (March, 1905,) I had an edi
torial attacking the ship-subsidy,—and I’ve
been fighting it ever since.
Don’t you fret about my land, Duck. The
farmers of Georgia know all about me. They
don’t know much about you. They are quite
familiar with my record, in my native State.
They know nothing of your record, in your
native State.
If I had been busily at work, loading the
farmers up with very uncertain stock in a
number of Union’ City enterprises, as you
have been, I w’ould not have the impudence to
speak of anybody’s ownership of honestly ac- _
quired land.
Now, let me ask you some questions:
(1) Why did you republish, on your edi
torial page, that unjust attack on me in the
Augusta Herald (about the Sully warehouse
plan), w T hen you knew that Charley Barrett
got me to meet Sully, and was present
throughout the interview, and agreed with
me about Sully’s plan being one of great
promise to cotton-growers?
(2) How t do you reconcile your “enthusi
astic speech” in the Galveston convention,
with the editorials you published immediate
ly afterwards?
(3) What did you mean, when you wrote
me that Ladson had “explained” his conduct,
as to the Neal Bank failure? What was the
explanation ?
(4) How do you stand on the Pearre bill?
Hon. Sam Gompers, President American
Federation of Labor, declares that the Pearre
bill embodies the demands of Union Labor.
That bill seeks to deprive the courts of the
right to protect a man's “business”, from
those who w T ould destroy it, with the boycott,
or otherwise.
How do you stand on the Pearre bill,
Duck? Don’t you realize how the negroes
could ruin the farmers, if the Pearre bill be
comes law?
(5) Where were you, when that recent se
cret conclave broke up, at three o’clock in the
morning? I mean that secret meeting at ’
Birmingham. I mean the secret meeting in
which Bodenhamer, the Union Labor printer,
w T as chosen to represent the farmers at the
Union Labor Congress, that is to be held at
Toronto, Canada.
Tell the dues-paying farmers all about that
secret, night-meeting, which did not end until
three o’clock in the morning. Who was there ?
What was discussed? What was proposed?
What was done?
And why, oh why, w T as a Union Labor
printer selected to represent the farmers, at
a Canadian labor-congress?
(6) Why should the farmers be sending
delegations, at all, to conventions made up of
Labor Unions, in which farmers are not
eligible for membership?
When Dr. Macune and Lon Livingston sold
the Farmers’ Alliance to Pat Calhoun (who
is now being prosecuted in San Francisco for
bribe-giving), I worked, like fighting fire, to
keep Calhoun from getting the goods which
Macune and Livingston were to deliver, —the
United States Senatorship from Georgia. Ap
parently, another such fight is needed.
When Harvie Jordan got too thick with
the wolves, and was trying to make the South
ern Cotton Association a trap for agricul
tural lambs, I exposed him, and his plans
went to pieces. Certain Farmers’ Union lead
ers are up to the same tricks, and they’ll
travel the road to disgrace and failure, if they
don’t watch out.
Duckworth deliberately stood by Ladson,
after he had been told of the manner in
which that lawyer had wrecked a bank.
And he chose Bodenhamer as his confi
dential man, and business manager, after he
had read in the papers the account of how
Bodenhamer had gone before the Republican