clothes and receives an annual salary of $1,400.
It is with much pleasure that I note these facts.
Missionaries should have good salaries and com
fortable surroundings, for they are nearly always
people of ability and could earn good pay at some
other business. But those people in the States
who peddle pathetic stories about the hard and
stinted lives of missionaries should take the trou
ble to inform themselves and revise their stories.
In general, I do not hesitate to say that the mis
sionary in the Orient has a good time. His lot is
far better than that of the apprentice Methodist
preacher on one of the high and dry ‘Missions’ of
Lumpkin county, to say nothing of the good old
Baptist brother who plows old Sonny on a new
ground hillside all the week and on Sunday dons
a pair of brogans, walks five miles to church,
preaches a sermon three hours long, administers
the ‘sacrament’ and washes feet—all without a
red, as far as this world’s goods are concerned.”
Hello, John Lee! Who Changed
the Wording of Those Reso
lutions ?
Here’s a story that a little bird brought
me:—
John Lee summoned to Union City a cer
tain number of his brethren, to privately pass
on his own statement and evidence, concern
ing those charges which they—“the little
bunch” — are hiding from. John thought he
was going to run that secret meeting, to suit
himself. But he didn’t.
True, he managed to deceive his brethren
in the matter of “the only letter” — as you saw
in last week’s Jeffersonian.
He lied outrageously to the Union City
conference, as you may see, by comparing a
copy of the conference resolutions with the
copy of his letter of November 23d, which
was on page eight, of last week’s paper.
You will see that Lee says, in the letter,
that Bodenhamer is not a printer. I have on
my desk a letter from Brooks county, in
which a friend tells me that Lee admitted
down there, a few days ago, that Bode is a
printer.
But while John Lee is becoming a liar, of
Livingstonian fertility and slipperyness, he
appears to be even more unscrupulous than a
mere verbal falsifier.
Either he, or some one close to him, has
made a very material change in an official re
port When wilfully done, with intent to de
ceive, such a change hears, in law, the ugly
name of FORGERY!
The Union City conference had under con
sideration the conduct of John Lee, in butting
into the rumpus that I had raised with Duck
worth, Boodlehunter and Ladson. The con
ference condemned Lee, mildly—it is true —
but condemned him nevertheless. The report
or resolutions adopted declared, in effect, that
John Lee’s action in the matter referred to
“WAS unwise”.
Now, somehow or other, somebody has sub
stituted the'word “is” for “was”; and not a
Local in the State can tell, from the copies of
those resolutions mailed from Union City,
that the conference of December 21, 1909,
CONDEMNED JOHN LEE!
Friends, of the Farmers’ Union, don't you
see the danger of allowing this man to hide
himself in your secret meeting he has
no one to confront and expose him?
He is simply ruining the Union, just as
Lon Livingston ruined the Alliance.
A friend of mine remarked today, that or
ganizations of all kinds are broken up from
the inside. That is true. John Lee has been
trying to make you believe that I, an out
sider, am endeavoring to break down the
Union. He knows better. He knows as well
as I do, that no outsider can harm your or
ganization. No outsider can disrupt and dis
band a Masonic Lodge, a Fraternal Order, a
Church, a Labor Union, or an Agricultural
Organization.
Invariably, the men on the inside do that,
whenever it is done.
One spy in the camp, or one traitor in com-
Gfye 3effersorttan
mand is more dangerous to the citadel than
a host on the outside.
The better element of the Farmers’ Union
of this State have lost confidence in John
Lee and, for the good of the cause. HE
OUGHT TO RESIGN.
Is the Texas Co-Operator Violat
ing the Law?
The Dallas weekly paper, known as the
Co-operator, once had a big swing. It had a
circulation of seventy-five thousand to one
hundred thousand. O. P. Pyle then owned
it. Everybody considered it a fine piece of
property.
“Everybody” being a broad word, em
braced Mr. Neill. This gentleman, then
President of the Texas Farmers’ Union, cov
eted Brother Pyle’s paper. There was a glo
rious row between President Neill and his
beloved brother, Pyle; and there were sensa
tional reports, published by Neill, giving his
side of the rucous. Os course, Neill made
himself out to be a persecuted saint, and Pyle,
a brutal, homicidal sinner. The upshot of
the matter was, that Pyle sold his paper.
Two good men, Smith and Sweet, got hold of
it, and were doing well with it, when Neill
fell out with them. Perhaps they did not take
orders from Neill with sufficient docility: or,
perhaps, they were not liberal enough with
their puffs. You know how some men are:
they just have to have an abundant diet of
puffs.
So, Neill camped on the trail of Smith and
Sweet, apparently sandbagged their paper,
(as John Lee and Duckworth and Boodle
hunter and Ladson would dearly and in
deedly love to sandbag mine,) and these good
men and true sold out. My information is,
that all three of Neill’s victims, Pyle, Smith
and Sweet, were financially ruined.
Who turned up as purchaser of the Co
operator? An lowa Republican, of the name
of Reimers. Nice sort of man to be financing
one of the Farmers’ Union papers, isn’t he?
I hear that the Co-operator is violating
the law. It is not legal to carry a subscriber
to a weekly paper longer than four months,
after his time is out. They tell me that this
lowa Republican just keeps sending his very
inferior Co-operator to the subscribers, be
yond the four months’ limit—some of ex
pirations being a year old. The Post Office
authorities ought to take lowa-Republican
Reimers in hand.
But what do you think of a Texas Demo
crat, like Neill, who will become the hireling
of a Republican boss, and work for the Ship
Subsidy thieves? What do you think of a
Farmers’ Union leader, who is guilty of a
debasement like that?
And he's trying to help out a secession
movement, too—a movement to wreck the
Texas Union!
If Reimers doesn’t mind, Neill is going to
cause him to drop ducats by the thousands,
on the Co-operator.
Our people won't put up with crooks, and
crooked newspapers.
Lady Editors
Have you ever noticed that, when a woman
can do a thing better than any one else, no
bod v can beat her at it? I have, many a
time.
Even in the editing of daily papers, when
you find a woman who does it better than any
of the men, the masculine gender can’t help
itself.
See, for example, the Rome Tribune-Her
ald, and the Brunswick Journal —both Geor
gia dailies. What livelier writing would you
want? Those stimulative, amusing and in
structive paragraphs are the work of two
brilliant and forceful women.
Brother Len and Weary Willie
It is with considerable and increasing re
gret that I have to report that the editorial
staff of The Golden Age is in a state border
ing on turmoil. I will not go so far as to say
that Brother Len Broughton and Weary Wil
lie Upshaw are excited, but I think it is clear
ly evident, to the naked eye, that they are
agitated.
Whether this mental and physical ferment
has as yet infected the other allied producers
of The Golden Age, can only be conjectured.
However, since it has already transpired that
Brother Len does not even read the headlines
of Willie’s weary editorials, and no denial has
been made of my statement that, inferentially,
it was apparent that the other allied pro
ducers of The Golden Age did not read Bro.
Len’s sermons, it is manifestly fair to assume
that each of the editors of this somewhat sin
gularly constituted paper writes, reads and is
responsible for his or her own stuff—and
nothing more.
Consequently, it logically follows that a
storm may be raging in one of the editorial
departments of The Golden Age while a dead
calm reigns in the others. The “Pulpit Edi
tor” may be high-horsing around, disturbing
the orderly arrangement of the furniture,
sloshing about in the morning and afternoon
papers, offering to doff ministerial vestments
and strip to his shirt-tail, to get a debate with
me at the Stockade—thus making rich and
abundant contributions to the enjoyment of
life and the gayety of nations—without the
literary editor knowing or caring a blamed
thing about it.
Or, it may happen that the editorial chief
cook and bottle-stopper (that’s Willie) may
take the initiative in prodding a peace-lov
ing, non-combative, turn-the-other-cheek, red
headed citizen, (of about my inches) and fill
the editorial page of The Golden Age with
provocative jabs at me, as to how T I got my
education, and how I am misusing it, and how
I have misdirected my talent, (such as it is,)
and thus make it dead certain that the insult
ing disturber of my serenity, urbanity and
equanimity will get what Paddy gave the
drum—and Brother Len, the Pulpit Editor
of The Golden Age, may be among the last to
know of it.
Well! That way of editing a paper is some
thing new to me. I consider myself respon
sible for everything that appears in The
Jeffersonian—especially the stuff ground out
by the editors. lam as much answerable for
what my son (J. D.) and Mrs. Kirkland
(Tom Dolan) put into our columns, as I am
for my own “copy”. Because of this well
known, universal rule in journalism, each
member of the staff is supposed to follow the
lead of the chief.
How have I damaged my honored friend
and brother, Dr. Broughton, by crediting The
Golden Age editorial to him? By his repeat
ed and somewhat clamorous (not to say riot
ous) efforts to get me to debate the subject
with him, he proves that his position on For
eign Missions is the same as Upshaw's. Thus,
in the most emphatic manner, he indorses the
editorial which I answered. In what way,
then, have I done him an injustice? He vir
tually declares that he will meet me, at any
time and place, to defend the Upshaw edi
torial on Missions. Therefore he should not
resent, so vehemently, the attributing to him
the authorship of the Upshaw editorial. On
that side of the question, the said article was
a very good one. Willie Upshaw writes well
—far above the average. Dr. Broughton is,
of course, in a higher oratorical class than
Upshaw; but he could not, I think, write bet
ter editorials than Willie does.
In my answer to the Upshaw article there
wasn’t a word of disrespect for Brother Len:
not a sentence inconsistent with the sincere
esteem in which I hold him. He has his tem
( CONTINUED ON PAGE TWELVE)
PAGE NINE