victuals, generally, would ruin the stomach of
a mogul engine.
Science brings them no uplift. Progress
passes them by. If they farm, they have
mortgaged the crop before it matures.
If they send their children to the town
school, they soon have to take them away, be
cause of some financial demand which they
can not meet. If they enter the children at the
Sabbath-school, the child is told that it must
bring a penny every Sunday. If it fails to
do so, it is given the cold shoulder. The child
reports to the parents, and they stop it from
going to Sunday-school.
If the parents go to church, they feel un
comfortable, because they are not dressed so
well as the others.
And to cap the climax, the tactless minister
may preach a sermon in which he scores
everybody who will not contribute toward
furnishing the heathen with free medicines,
free doctors, free surgeons, free boarding
schools, free school-books, free tuition, and
much else.
The misguided minister refuses to learn
that he is doing a cruel, unnatural thing,—
and soon the man in the shabby clothes, not
able to furnish foreign missionaries with big
salaries, luxurious house-boats, and elegant
homes (one .for winter and the other for sum
mer) , quits going to church.
Hookworms, did you say ? Well, maybe so;
but I resent the imputation that they are pe
culiar to us; and let me tell you something:
With your neglect of our own human “run
outs”, the debris of our march onward, the
flotsam and jetsam of humanity’s troubled
ocean, the wreckage with which the lawless
doings of the kings of High Finance have
littered and encumbered the beach, —you are
filling the souls of millions in America with
the passions of hell.
With this everlasting yawp for people in
foreign lands, who are not more illiterate,
irreligious or needy than millions of your
white brothers and sisters, here at home,
YOU ARE DOING THE CAUSE OF
CHRIST INCALCULABLE HARM!
Hooka 'orms? “Mari’s inhumanity to
mari” is the most devilish of all hookworms.
Judge Broyles Explains
It gives me pleasure to publish the letter
in which Judge Broyles, of the Recorder’s
Court of Atlanta, gives a full account of the
two cases which were editorially referred to
by me recently.
The reporters omitted the very facts which
to the legal mind were necessary to justify
the conduct of the Judge,
I am exceedingly glad that he took the
trouble to write me this lengthy autograph
letter, for it reveals a jealous regard for his
judicial integrity and fairness that is highly
creditable.
Atlanta, Ga., October 30, 1909.
Editor The Jeffersonian.
Dear Sir: —Tn your issue of the twenty-first of this
month, you have an article headed, “A Queer Sort of
Judge”, in which you criticise me quite severely for
two recent decisions in the police court of Atlanta. I
believe you to be a fair man —therefore, 1 wish to give
you the facts about those decisions, confident that
when I have done so, you will withdraw your criticism.
The first case was that of a man who had hit another
man in the back of the head with a baseball bat,
knocking him down and bruising him severely, the
day after an alleged insult to his wife —the alleged
insult consisting of saying to her, when she accused
him of having previously abused her little boy, “Any
body that says I did tells a d —m lie.” The husband
was not present when this occurred, but was told of it
afterwards by his wife, and the next day attacked the
man, who was walking on the street, and hit him with
the bat as stated. The assault occurred upon a public
street, and in the presence of many persons, including
several ladies. Under all the circumstances, I think
the fine imposed was a light as well as just one,
Gbft Jeffersonian
The other decision, which yoxi condemned, was in the
case of a young man who boarded a crowded street
car and refused to pay his fare. The conductor, as he
had a right to do, stopped the car and attempted to
put him off. The young man resisted being put off,
and a scuffle ensued, causing some alarm among the
passengers. A case was then made against the young
man for disorderly conduct, and on the trial I fined
him three dollars and seventy-five cents, not for re
fusing to pay his fare, but for his resistance to being
put off the car and the consequent disorder that en
sued. In both of these cases, the daily papers did not
print the facts accurately, and, as printed by them, I
am not surprised at your criticism. The young men
who act as police reporters for their papers are fine
young fellows and do' not intentionally garble the
facts—but they have such a multitude of stories to
write up that occasionally they leave out material
facts, and, by so doing, subject me to criticism that I
do not deserve. It is my earnest endeavor to give
every man, woman and child that appears before me
“a square deal”.
Please do me the justice of publishing this in your
next issue. Yours very truly,
Nash R. Broyles.
® ® ®
The Burglar Is the Better Man
Last week two striking incidents occurred,
in Missouri.
In the city of St. Louis, a poor woman was
arraigned before the police court judge. She
had been breaking window panes; had, in
fact, broken more than twenty. When arrest
ed for the offense, and carried before the
court, she pleaded that she was hungry, could
not get work, did not want to starve, and had
violated the law in order that she might be
sentenced to the work-house. The magistrate
listened to her story, and evidently believed
it. He refused to impose any penalty upon
her; merely admonished her to “Go and be a
good woman.”
Neither he nor any one else offered her food,
money or work. He did not direct her to any
charitable institution, nor report her case to
one. She left the court, weeping bitterly. If
she did not perish, or sell her person to get
something to eat, it were almost a miracle.
That monster of a judge must have known
that he was virtually consigning the deso
late, weeping woman to a pauper’s grave, or
to a life of shame.
The other incident happened in the same
State. A burglar had made his way into
the house of a wife whose husband was an in
valid, and whose children were dependent
upon her labor for their daily bread. The
burglar had secured the purse which con
tained all of the woman’s savings, and had
gathered up some jewelry that remained from
other and better davs.
At this stage the woman waked up. She
heard the burglar, and did a sensible thing.
Without making any outcry, she said, in effect,
“You are a burglar, I suppose, but let me tell
you something. My husband is a confirmed
invalid; my children are dependent on my
labor for a support. If you take away what
we’ve got, my children will cry for bread.
You are a man. I leave it to you to say whose
needs are greatest—yours, or those of my
children.”
That was all; but it was enough. The bur
glar laid the purse on the foot of the bed,
stripped the jewelry from his fingers, and de
parted into the night.
The great day is coming, is surely coming,
when the earth and the sea shall give up their
dead, and when we shall all stand, in our
nakedness and reality, before a just God, to
be judged by the deeds done in the body;
and on that awful day, when every sham and
every hypocrisy will wither in the fierce, mer
ciless light of the great white throne. I would
infinitely prefer the chance of the Missouri
burglar to that of the Missouri judge.
The Diocesan Journal
A magazine above name is pub
lished at Petersburg,' Virginia. It is “the
missionary organ of the diocese of Southern
Virginia”. A diocese is, of course, the ter
ritory over which a bishop exercises ecclesi
astical jurisdiction.
On page twelve of the September, 1909,
issue of this missionary organ, there are two
very interesting statements.
(1.) The “board of missions” must send
three thousand dollars every day to maintain
the “all the good works” that are in progress
in heathendom.
(Oh, you elegant city residence for winter
and mountain home for summer! Oh, you
salary worth from two thousand dollars to
three thousand dollars! Oh, you pension
worth fifteen hundred dollars per year on
“retiring from the field”!)
(2.) “The board of missions appropriates
five thousand two hundred dollars a year for
St. Peter’s Hospital, Wuchang [China]. Any
one in this country giving fifty dollars may
have the satisfaction of knowing that he is
supporting a bed for a whole year.”
What bed is meant? Why, a bed in the
hospital for ailing Chinamen!
Think of it. The “Board” rakes and
scrapes the South for mission money, and
spends five thousand two hundred dollars of
it, every year, in maintaining a great hospital
for sick heathen!
Have they, in Virginia, no diseased people
whose needs are as great as those of the Chi
nese ?
Would to God that the afflicted wives and
children of our own land—to say nothing of
the men who need medicine and scientific
treatment —could get the charity that we are
lavishing on these heathen!
Many a poor woman dies in childbirth for
lack of skillful attention. The children per
ish by the tens of thousands annually be
cause they are not properly fed, clothed and
nursed. A sick child in the backwoods, or in
the crowded tenements, is the most helpless
of all living creatures.
It is an awful thing to contemplate—this
interpreting of the command. “Go ye,” to
mean “carry food, raiment, subsidies,’ splen
did colleges, boarding-schools, music-teachers,
medicines, doctors, dentists, surgeons, archi
tects, houseboats, elaborate hospitals, asy
lums and widows’ homes”.
“Go ye in person; take your purse, if you
have one", was the simple substance of what
Christ commanded. lie did not command
His disciples to “carry” anything to the
heathen. He did not instruct anybody to se
duce the heathen from his own faith, by
tempting his cupidity with gifts.
“The board must send three thousand dol
lars per day.” So the official organ says.
With that sum, paid daily, they manage to
tickle quite a number of missionaries, and to
seduce quite a number of the riffraff of
heathendom.
If Hindustan or China were to send three
thousand dollars per day to Chicago, Boston,
Philadelphia and New York, you' would see
our own riffraff repudiating Christ and flock
ing to Buddha and Confucius.
Tn his marvelous Italian campaign. Hanni
bal won brilliant victories, but he conquered
no territory save that which his army
camped on.
So it is with the unscriptural mission
work. It looks fine, but the missionaries dare
not come away and leave the leaven to per
meate the loaf. They know that they hold
the ground by camping on it.
They know that, after centuries of effort,
the “converts” can not “stand alone”.
(Oh, you luxurious fifteen thousand-dollar
houseboat! Oh, you snipe-on-toast! Oh,
you two-dollar feast for thirty cents’)
PAGE THIRTEEN