PAGE TEN
LETTERS FHOJI THE PEOPLE
AND CONNECTICUT, TOO.
Torrington, Conn., Jan. 16, 1908.
Dear Sir: In answer to your card, would
say that I will miss no chance to send you a
subscription once in a while. You will find
enclosed a list of names for samples, also
postoffice money order for $2, and you are
hereby instructed to put my name on your
subscription list, and don’t you dare to take
it off, as long as you are at the wheel.
Mr. Watson, you are all right. You may
never be president (I sincerely wish you
might be), but you are a great teacher. You
are doing more good for this generation and
for generations to come than any president
ever has.
Wishing you success, I remain, yours trulv,
O. E. WADHAMS.'
AN INTERESTING LETTER.
Mercersburg, Pa., Mar. 10, 1908.
I have passed and repassed to my many
friends your effort for their perusal, and I
I tell you, Mr. Watson, men of 11 rockribbed
and dyed in the wool” republican proclivities
are made to stand aghast.
I just ask your time to illustrate one in
stance, viz.: Our country is largely agricul
tural. The towns manufacturing, and, times
being prosperous, they (the people) are pros
perous, or they think they are prosperous. I
took your speech to, without exception, the
most successful farmer in our section. I said
to him: “Mr. A., here is something I ask
you to read.” “What is it? Who wrote it?
What is it on?” I told him and explained as
best I could in a hurried way what it con
tained. That it contained no politics, etc.
“Be d —d if I’d read it, if that darned fool
wrote it. Why, that man is crazy; he is a
total failure. No, I’ll not read it!” His de
nunciation provoked me to say some cuss
words. I told him what he was and what he
was doing. We both got riled. When our
tempers cooled, I at him again. He finally
said, “Well, if I must read it, I will!”—and
“I’ll read it because you want me to.” I
saw him a few days after this. I asked him,
“Did you read that speech?” “No! I guess
not!” “Will you just read it to kill time one
of these cold days?” “Maybe I will, but it
will be when I have nothing else to read.”
About a week later I met him at our village
store, and I noticed he was nudging up to me
and hanging around. I kn*w he wanted to
say something, but I had forgotten about this
speech. Finally an opening presented itself
and he said: “Say, I read that speech.”
“More than I expected. Wh'at have you to
say? Tell the truth now old boy, let it come
pure and plain.” “God! beats all! Is that
true what Mr. Watson says of Sanks? I never
would read anything you darned populists
had to offerf. I’m glad I read it. Say, do
you think that what he says is true? Well,
\ on have been talking that way for years, but
I never believed it. in this case the evidence
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
is too strong. God! Why he takes our own
figures and statistics and proves the case
against us. I never had an idea that Tom
Watson was a man of that sort; he almost
convinces me that I know nothing. ”
A few minutes later I heard him say, as he
handed the speech to a friend, “Read that; it
certainly is an eye-opener.” Then the ques
tion opened. I stepped back and never said a
word. Mr. A. did the talking; he jumped on
to the national banks, and best of all it was
just what I wanted. The president of the
First National Bank was sitting by and he got
the benefit of it all, but he (the president)
never opened his mouth. Then we have many
tilts on government ownership.
These are facts and all brought about by
your speech. You may believe me or not; I
have solicited subscriptions to your paper and
the answer comes every time, something along
this line: “If I read that paper ’twouldn’t
be long before I’d be a full-fledged populist,
and I don’t know about that” —and similar
expressions.
I have seemingly gotten considerably “off
the nest” from which I started, but I give
you this as a true illustration of things in
southern central Pennsylvania. I’m sorry to
have taken your valuable time, but in publish
ing my letter, use your better judgment as to
what to add and what to cut out.
I am very truly,
F. A. FOREMAN.
A SINGLE, SANE SUGGESTION.
By C. L. Poorman.
For months prior to the culmination of the
financial crisis in October, evidences were not
wanting that there was an increasing discon
tent, a decreasing confidence, among the cred
itors of the banking institutions of the coun
try’-. Tt was evident that these institutions
were using the money of the people, the money
of individuals and government, deposited with
them, for speculative purposes rather than
for legitimate use in the ordinary lines of in
dustry. This was indicated clearly enough in
the unsatisfactory reports of the banks that,
limited as they are. disclosed the fact that a
constantly increasing amount of the bank
loans were made on call loans and on loans
made on stocks and bonds, the subjects of
Wall Street speculation, and a decreasing
amount on legitimate business names and se
curities. The normal result was decrease of
confidence on the part of depositors and a na
tural withdrawal of deposits under apprehen
sion of loss.
The result was a scarcity of money in the
leading monetary centers to meet the demands
of the speculating interests and an unprece
dented fall in the prices of these speculative
stocks: which only confirmed the suspicions
of the people that their moneys was being used
to aid speculative schemes rather than to aid
legitimate business and increased demands
were made by depositors and the banks were
unable to meet them and they were driven int©
practical suspension.
In this connection it is well to remember
that there was in circulation, according to
official reports, a larger volume of money than
ever before in the history of the country. Not
only larger in the aggregate by many hundred
million dollars, but much larger in the per
capita quantity of money. The amount of
money in circulation October 1, 1907, being
$2,805,854,374 being equal to $32.46 per capita,
as against $1,506,434,966 in 1896, or $21.10
per capita. It must be evident to all that it
was not lack of confidence in the money that
is issued on the security of government en
dorsement, or the people, on withdrawing it
from banks, would have promptly invested it
in other property instead of hoarding it. It
was lack of confidence in the banking systems
and banking methods of the country that in
spired the movement. If the issue and control
of money is once fully entrusted to this bank
ing system that so frequently disturbs confi
dence, it will certainly impair confidence in
the money as well as in the banks that issue
it.
In the tw’o months since the steadily de
creasing confidence of the people culminated
in the practical suspension of banks, every
suggestion of a remedy from banking interests
or from those in government financial or mon
etary positions, has been along the lines fol
lowed by the financial legislation of the coun
try during the past forty years, that has es
tablished the present unreliable, panicky mon
etary conditions. The result of this legislation
has been the practical transfer of the issue
of money and the regulation of its quantity
and determination of its exchange value from
the government of the people where the power
should have been exercised in the interest of
all the people, to a selfish banking interest to
be exercised by that interest for personal ag
grandizement. Does any intelligent thought
warrant the Conclusion that an increase of the
power of control, the exercise of which has
persistently intensified existing evils, can pos
sibly prove a remedy for those evils? If the
improper use of the money of the people by
the bank, for want of adequate restrictions,
has, in the judgment of the people, endangered
the safety of that money and made it impos
sible for the banks to return it to its owners
when demanded, will the removal of all restric
tions increase the safety of the money or im
prove the chances of its prompt recovery when
the owners need it?
If the rapid increase in the right to issue
bank notes and in this cheap way increase
banking power of speculation, only compli
cates the monetary conditions and makes
monetary stringencies and incompetent panics
more frequent, is an increase of the power to
issue money and thus increase their power to
speculate, likely to decrease the speculative
character of the banking business?
If each dollar placed in banking institu
tions, by government or people, adds five
dollars to the banking capital of such banks,
as has been declared and conceded, is an in
continued on Page Fourteen.)