ton acreage sufficient last year to have made
20,000,000 bales, with proper methods, and
we made 10,500,000. Perhaps you will ques
tion my statement. Let me give you an exam
ple: GF. W. Baker owns four acres of land
adjacent to Gaffney, S. C., and in 1905 rent
ed two acres more. From this six acre farm
he sold $415 w r orth of cotton, beans and sweet
potatoes, raised 50 bushels of corn, killed 500
pounds pork, and worked out enough to pay
for a one horse wagon and mule. This sort of
farming would not only solve the labor prob
lem on our farms, but would make our farm
er independent of the negro, give them a vol
ume of crops equal to that now grown, and at
much less cost.
Conclusion.
The South has nobly endured the storms of
adversity, and is now in serious danger of
going to wreck in the pleasant waters of pros
perity. I for one must raise a voice of pro
test ; it does not matter much what my few
remaining days may be, but it is very import
ant that I do nothing to cause my children to
battle with more evil conditions than I have
had to endure. If I aid in, or consent to,
dumping into our fair country of a host of
people whose conceptions of good government
and proper living are pitched to a key many
degrees lower than ours, I am certainly not
acting either as a good father or a ..good cit
izen.
THE POPULIST POSITION ON FINANCE.
The Missouri Pops have issued an unusual
ly strong, clear statement of our position on
the money question, and we think we cannot
do better than to reproduce it in our columns:
The banker organizes a National bank
having SIOO,OOO capital, with which he buys
SIOO,OOO of United States bonds, “on which
he draws interest in advance and pays no
tax.” The government engraves, prints, and
sends him notes to be used as money, to the
face value of the bonds. Nominally these
notes cost him $5.00 on thousand. He lends
them out say, eight per cent on the thousand
or eighty dollars on the thousand. Thus he
clears seventy-five dollars on the thousand,
net profit. Then by a system of bank credits
which would be incredible if it were not so
capable of proof, he multiplies his loans until
he draws interest on from TEN to THIRTY
times more money than he ever put into his
business.
To cap the elimax, he gets the Government
to surrender its revenues to his keeping, lends
out these millions also, . . . DRAWING AN
OTHER INTEREST FROM THE TAX PAY
ERS WHOSE OWN MONEY HE IS LEND
ING BACK TO THEM.
God of our Fathers! What a mockery of
equal and exact justice! What do you
think of your old party representatives’ busi
ness ability who issue United States bonds
at 2,3, or 4 per cent, and turn around and
loan it to the bankers at one-half of one per
cent? With their twenty-five per cent, re
serves loaned to other banks and loaned to
the gamblers of Wall street, as well as to
the ones operating a gambling hell of the
like kind in every large city, sending call
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
money to eighty and more per cent. “And at
last the chickens come home to roost, . . . when
the bogus dollars come to the doors of the
bank, clamoring for recognition and redemp
tion, these silk hat thieves get together, refuse
to honor their own notes, refuse to pay de
positors, decline to cash checks; issue a nasty
Clearing House Certificate, compel the busi
ness world to accept it as money, and thus
MAKE ANOTHER PROFIT OUT OF THE
WRITTEN EVIDENCE OF THEIR OWN
DISHONESTY.” The United States bonds
are a first liability of the Government. The
National Bank notes are a second liability,
and these pawnbrokers of a nation’s energy
and productiveness propose a third liability
based on your deposits and their capital,
called for euphony, asset currency (asses
money). This is the w r ay they want to get
the elastic currency (rubber money) whereby
the exceeding- hard work of the banker is to
sign his name to thousand dollar bills and
get in exchange, your hard labor, inventive
ability, and its products. They tell you to
“work hard, save your money and put it in
our bank.” Faugh! Rotten! Why should
your government tax you for their benefit,
when you can do it directly without them?
“Is it ‘equal and exact justice’ to allow six
thousand national bankers to turn your credit
into a mint for themselves, at your expense?
Is there any defense of a system which turns
Government credit and cash over to a favored
few? “They say their issue of money is
good,” but your Government issuing money
to you direct is “repudiation and national
dishonor,” “fifty-cent dollars.” “Money is
the life blood of trade.” Will you leave in
the hands of these pawnbrokers the power to
cut your business in half, curtail enterprise,
reduce the workers’ wages, and diminish
thereby the markets of the country?
The People’s Party position on the money
question is based on the United States Su
preme Court’s decision in The Legal Tender
cases of 1862 and 1863, as well as the Su
preme Courts of nineteen Northern States.
THOSE NEW RULES.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: At this writing the election is
over. I know not who is elected. We are
your followers and believe in the truth of
your statements today, as we did twelve years
ago, and would like for you to explain the
Hoke Smith primary rules which he tried to
place us under. We presume you have done
this before, but we failed to see it. Please
send me a copy of your Jeffersonian and also
one to John Walker to same place and to
H. A. Davis. Yours truly,
J. L. HAYS.
(Answer.)
When the convention met in Atlanta -in
1877 to frame a new Constitution, to take
the place of the one which the Carpet-baggers
and negroes had put on us, the question of
how much representation should be given to
each county was ably and fully discussed by
such members of the convention as General
Robert Toombs, Gen. A. R. Lawton, Judge
Augustus Reese, Col. Nelson Tift and others.
Finally, it was decided to adopt a basis of
representation somewhat similar to that adopt
ed by the framers of our National Constitu
tion.
Population was recognized, but territorial
units were also recognized; and while the
biggest counties were given an advantage over
the smallest, that advantage was limited.
Thus Fulton and five other of the largest
counties were given three members of the
legislature knd twenty-six other counties,
which were the next largest, were given two
members each, and all the other counties one
member each.
Thus you will see that in the popular branch
of the legislature more population was not
given as much consideration as the county
units. In the State Senate the county unit
idea prevailed almost completely, for nearly
every three counties have a Senator, no matter
how much they vary in population.
Following the Constitution, which is our
highest law, our nominating conventions have
always been made up on the same plan. Each
county had in the convention twice as many
votes as it had in the lower branch of the
legislature. Thus the “big six” had six votes
each; the “next largest” twenty-six had four
votes each; and all of the others had two votes
each.
Now without a word of notice to the people,
all this was changed by Hoke Smith convention
and committee. He proposed two revolution
ary changes: (1) That the county lines be
swept away, and that whoever got the most
votes in the whole state should be the nomi
nee. This makes it possible for Chatham
county to exercise forty times as much power
in nominating elections as McDuffie county.
The new- rules make it possible for the ward
heelers and ballot-box staffers of the big
cities to outlaw- the country counties and rule
the state.
(2) The new rules proposed that the success
ful candidate name all the delegates, even
though his opponent might have carried more
than half of the counties.
Thus, one-man would set aside the will of
the majority in more than half the counties of
th© state, and pack the convention with Ills
ow-n men, utterly stifling the voice of the
minority and denying it the right to be repre
sented even in those counties where the ma
jority vote had been cast for the other man.
In effect, therefore, a local majority in one
of the big cities might be large enough to
carry the state for the candidate who got
that city vote, might be able to deprive a
hundred counties of the right to be represent
ed by delegates of their choice. In other
words, the rights of the minority were to be
so utterly swept away that a majority vote,
in a majority of the counties, might have been
denied representation under that new rule.
The secret purpose of the new rules was to
establish a political dictatorship for the bene
fit of Hoke Smith, Lawton Miller, Boykin
Wright and other city ringsters.
Incidentally, the new rules were “to bury
Watson,” whose strength is mainly in the
country counties.
PAGE THREE