PAGE FOUR
Summary of Tbents as They Happen
Jap War Threat.
Japan threatens to declare war on China
unless the Chinese government shall release
immediately the Japanese steamship Tatsu,
which was seized on February 7 on suspicion
of bringing arms and ammunition for the rev
olutionaries.
«
Anarchists Want Alfonso.
Anarchists of Barcelona are growing in
boldness. They placarded the walls of the
Alfonso on March 12. Placards were torn
down by policemen.
Graves Leaves American.
John Temple Graves has resigned from The
New York American to devote his entire time
to the lecture platform.
Naval Strength Doubled.
The strength of the Japanese navy is double
what it was when she began war with Russia.
Japan now has a total of 204 fighting ships.
Financial Panic in Japan.
From Osaka and other Japanese centers
come reports of heavy failures and bank pan
ics, on account of financial stringency.
The Chinese continue to complain of the
Japanese tricks in Manchuria, such as open
ing and detaining the Chinese mails on va
rious pretexts. The Japs are fortifying the
Pescadores Islands.
Japan Triej Embezzlers.
Because Utah did not have the money to
bring back tw T o embezzlers from Japan, the
Mikado’s government tried and convicted the
offenders and then paid Utah for forwarding
affidavits in the case. The culprits had fled
to Japan from Brigham City, Utah, with
$16,000 belonging to 75 Japanese laborers.
Populist Call Issued
Chairman Holloway and Secretary Boden
hamer, of the state populist executive com
mittee, have issued a call to all who believe
in populist principles, to meet in Atlanta
March 24, 1908.
Alfonso Notified.
King Alfonso was notified of a plan to as
sassinate him. Barcelona placarded with
threats by revolutionaries to attack king when
he visits city.
Great Discovery.
Prof. Slipher, at the Lowell observatory,
Flagstaff, Arizona, finds water on the planet
Mars.
Roosevelt as Laborer’s Friend.
Samuel Gompers, of the American Federa
tion of Labor, when he appeared before the
senate committee on judiciary to urge the pas
sage of the Pearre bill, expressed confidence
that President Roosevelt sincerely sympathizes
“with all our people,” and added: “1 have
reason to believe that the president is not
thoroughly informed as to the real remedy for
the cause of complaint.” Mr. Gompers made
THE JEFFERSONIAN
the prediction that the labor organizations
would be heard from in the impending cam
paign.
School Destroyed by Fire.
Scores of children were killed and hundreds
injured, many fatally, in a fire whicjj de
stroyed the public school building at Colling
wood, near Cleveland. Ohio.
There were two exits in the building that
were available, and one of these was used suc
cessfully by the children, but the other soon
became chokrtl with the little folks, who mad
ly dashed for the open.
The frightened and panic-stricken children
turned to escape by windows and other means
that could be found. Escape was cut off by
the flames by this time and they had spread
throughout the rooms. The building was of
brick, yet this did not retard the progress
of the flames.
In a few minutes the lower floor fell,* pre
cipitating scores of children into the basement
among the burning embers. The scene about
the building was heartrending.
South Needs Cattle.
On February 29 the department of agricul
ture issued a twenty-eight-page illustrated
bulletin entitled, “Experiments in Beef Pro
duction in Alabama,” by Director J. F. Dug
gar, of the Alabama experiment station, and
W. F. Ward, scientific assistant, the work hav
ing been done before Director Duggar turned
over the work to Prof. Dan T. Gray, now in
charge. The bulletin is the result of three
years’ co-operation with the Alabama experi
ment station in steer feeding, and covers in
a comprehensive manner tests of differ
ent feeding methods in use by Alabama stock
men or considered worthy of trial in that sec
tion. This is the first bulletin published by
the bureau giving results obtained as a di
rect result of the appropriation for experi
ments in animal breeding and feeding in co
operation with state agricultural experiment
stations.
Populist News.
Allen G. Thurman Zabel, son of Hon. John
O. Zabel, of Toledo. Ohio, answered the last
summons recently. He was twenty-two years
of age, a young man of much promise, a
prominent church worker, educated for the
law, and a student of political economy. Hon.
John O. Zabel is one of the leading Populists
of Michigan.
Georgia Populists to Meet.
By direction of the National Committee of
the People’s Party in conference with other
reform bodies, a convention was called to
meet in St. Louis, Missouri, on April 2, 1908,
for the purpose of nominating candidates for
the offices of President and Vice President of
the United States.
Indei said call, all who believe in our prin
ciples, as set forth in our platform, and who
are willing to support the ticket then and
there nominated, are invited to participate
in the selection of delegates. This call i s
therefore issued to the People’s Party Execu
tive Committee, and to such other Populists
as wish to meet with said Committee, to as
semble in the Senate Chamber at the State
Capitol in Atlanta, Georgia, on March 24,
1908, at 10 o’clock, a. m., for the purpose
of selecting said delegates and to transact
such other business as may properly come
before the meeting.
J. J. HOLLOWAY,
Chairman State Committee.
J. E. BODENHAMER,
Secretary State Committee.
FOWLER BILL FOUGHT BY DEMO
CRATS.
(Continued from Page One.)
the bill to secure the loan of emergency cur
rency notes.
“Banks are not permitted to loan a great
er amount than seven times their capital and
surplus. This provision will force banks to
enlarge their capital in proportion to their
loans, thus better protecting depositors.
“ Banks having on deposit the money of the
government are required to pay interest on
such deposits.
“The bill provides a plan by which the
banks may organize and by paying a small
tax create a guarantee fund to pay all losses
to depositors sustained by the failure of
banks.
“The minority members of the committee
commend the bill herewith presented as being
practical, conservative and safe, and believe
it comes much nearer adjusting the financial
situation than any other measure submitted.”
Aldrich Bill Will Probably Pass.
Despite the action of the house committee
on banking and currency, it seems to be as
sured that the Aldrich bill will be passed if
any financial legislation is enacted. The bill
is sure to go through the senate, as the lead
ers in the finance committee claim to have
the votes of enough democrats to overcome
the opposing republicans. It will probably
be put through the house under the party
lash. —Atlanta Constitution.
EVERYBODY WANTS
PUBUSHED WEEKLYFQfiNTHE *Sdßr ANDEAMO.
Recognized Authority on Breeding, Feeding, Man*
agement and the Improved Breeds of Stock.
Special Departments for
Draft and Coach Horses,
The Beef and Dairy Breeds of Cattle,
Sheep, Swine, Poultry and the Dairy,
By able Live Stock Writers and Breeders, with the
best from Home and Foreign papers of the world’s
progress in Live Stock Husbandry.
Our Live Stock Market Report is untqualed.
Handsomely printed and illustrated.
No Stock Farmer can afford to do without it.
1 üblished weekly. Subscription price only SI.OO.
Agents wanted in every county.
Write for sample copy. Address
the live stock journal
394 E. 55th ST. CHICAGO