Sick of Socialism
Dear Mr. Watson:—l take it all
foack and beg your pardon for cen
suring you as I did in my letter some
weeks ago. I can not swallow the
Socialistic mess you are exposing in
The Jeffersonians, and I thank you
heartily for the additional light The
abolition of Church, State, marriage
and all racial barriers will not do, as
contended for by some of the corrupt
leaders of the cult. Deliver me from
such a state of social chaos.
What we sorely need and must
eventually have is a society founded
upon a just and righteous economic,
social and industrial basis wherein
the express object of government will
be to safeguard the public right of
free and unhampered access to the
common means of livelihood, thus
guaranteeing to each individual
equality of opportunity with every
other individual according to indi
vidual service and merit, excluding
all forms of privileged aristocracy
and caste. Now the means of life
and all the avenues of success are
closed to all except the mighty few.
Private monopoly has closed her iron
gate in the face of helpless millions.
The many suffer on and on while the
privileged few exact greater tribute
for one’s privilege of remaining upon
the earth. Every man in the mad
race for life is thrust in deadly com
petition with his neighbor, and the
race is to the strong and the swift.
And it grows worse year by year.
Surely there is a scientific, just and
humane system which we could well
substitute for our present oppressive,
‘Crazy, abnormal system of universal
exploitation of the many by the few.
Something about our system has fur
nished the incentive to pillage and
plunder under protection of law.
Virtue is paralyzed, while the evil
nature of man is not only encouraged
but materially assisted in its reckless
course. We must remove the blind
ing candle which draws to its flame
the mushroom parasites, which
spring up in a night only to devour
and destroy. The present order of
society virtually says to these para
sites, “The world exists for your sel
fish benefit, and its inhabitants for
your service.” What is this blinding
candle which is running the world
mad? Is it the inviting possibility
of power, privilege, profit? Evident
ly men of brains see that a unit in
wealth is stronger than hundreds or
thousands in labor. This is an un
fair advantage over labor, the only
means the vast majority have of
making a living. Capital in compe
tition with labor has proven the most
destructive warfare of the ages. It
is a two-edged sword which cuts both
ways. It not only makes extremely
useless in this country those few who
by their holdings have power to
crush the many, unfitting the holders
of great wealth for beneficial service
in the body politic, but it has also
paralyzed the millions from whom
this tribute was wrung, for they are
pigmies when it comes to demanding
their rights as against these financial
towers of strength and privilege.
This is the Socialism —Democracy
—Populism (or whatever one might
choose to call it) that we need. Such
would be healthy and beneficial to
every worthy member of the entire
civilization.
I am ready and willing to embrace
any measure in purity which prom
ises the glad realization of this hope.
But I can not accept these other
things which popular Socialism in
tends to bring with it. However, I
fancy we poor mortals will look in
vain to human hearts and brains and
hands for relief, for corruption is in
the majority—or ignorance, or stu
pidity. My hope has been driven to
anchor upon Him who alone is quali
fied to bring in that ray of everlast
ing righteousness and peace for
which the heart instinctively craves,
I mean a heart in its normal condi
tion. And I shall only watch with
student concern the restless swinging
to and fro of the pendulum of hu
, man passion and propensity, which is
shortly to be curbed In a reign of
ustice and judgment which will be
in a manner contrary to
the first expectations and desires of
humanity at large.
The last issue of your Magazine is
a masterpiece through and through
and its author reflects himself there
in as a grand and noble man, though
perhaps possessed with many weak
nesses and petty prejudices like us
all. But I can not believe the. heart
knowingly gives way to personal re
venge or envy, as some have accused.
At any rate, I love the hand that
moves his masterful pen as one pos
sessed of conscience and conviction.
Yours for truth and right,
CHARLES W. LYENS.
Macon, Georgia.
Just keep on reading those Jeffer
sonian Magazine articles. I will
show you where our troubles come
from, and name the remedy.
T. E. W.
KINDNESS TO ANIMALS.
It pays to give kind treatment to
the domesticated animals. The hired
help who think and act otherwise
ought to be discharged. An old
farmer, in talking about his horses,
says: “Kind treatment and good care
are due to an animal from whose
services man derives such important
benefits, but too often does man for
get that he has a duty to perform, not
only toward his fellow man, but to
ward those domestic animals which
Providence has entrusted to him for
his welfare.” —Home and Farm.
THE FIRELESS COOKER.
By an Expert Cook.
It is to be hoped that the time is not
far distant when every overworked
housekeeper will fully appreciate the
wonderful saving in strength, fuel and
time which the Fireless Cooker makes
possible. A farmer’s wife who had
tried one pronounced it the greatest
help to women of the age, and once
its merits are understood, no house
keeper in city or country can afford to
be without one.
A great many persons who know
nothing of the principle of so-called
fireless cooking, smile incredulously
when you mention the subject, but
nothing could be simpler or more rea
sonable. The food to be cooked is put
into a tightly-closed pail and brought
to a boil on the flame or coal stove, and
while still boiling is placed in the
heavily insulated box, where the heat
is so retained that the process of cook
ing is continued.
Aside from the economy and con
venience of the fireless cooker, it is
now recognized as the most perfect
method of cooking soups, meats, ce
reals, dried beans, and all articles of
food which require long, slow cooking.
Many of these may be prepared over
night or the dinner may be started to
boil while breakfast is cooking and
then transferred to the fireless cooker,
to be taken up “piping hot and done to
a turn” at the proper time.
Anna Barrows, lecturer at the Teach
ers’ College, Columbia University, and
at Simmon’s College, in her work on
the Principles of Cookery, summarizes
the advantages of the Fireless Cooker
as follows:
“The cost of fuel can be reduced
four-fifths or even nine-tenths.
“The pots are not made difficult to
wash; they are not blackened, and they
will last for an almost indefinite period
of time.
“The food is better cooked, more
tasty, more nutritious and more diges
tible.
“Kitchen odors are obviated.
“Time and labor saved.
“The cares of the housewife lessened,
and her health and happiness are pro
tected.
“The kitchen need not be in disorder
half of the day.
“Warm water can always be had
when there is illness in the house and
during the summer when fires are not
kept up.
“Where workmen’s families live
crowded in one or two rooms, the addi
tional suffering caused by ki-tchen heat
is obviated, for the preliminary cook
ing can all be done in the cool of the
morning.”
Any one, man, woman, girl or boy,
can make a good living by working
for The Jeffersonians. Write to us.
COLUMBIA NURSERIES. Gainesville, Ge.
Have Fruit and Ornamental Trees,
Evergreens, Shrubs, etc. Write for
prices. Will also contract now with
reliable parties to grow one-year
Apple Trees for fall 1910. Ener
getic, reliable salesmen wanted.
©ba Jeffersonian.
A.
/ —DON’T SEND ME ONE CENT \
S when you answer this announcement, as I am going to distribute at least %
■ one-hundred-thousand sets of the Dr. Haux famous “Perfect Vision” %
a Spectacles to genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearers, in the next few 1
■ weeks—*on one easy, simple condition. ■
a I want you to thoroughly try them on your own eyes, no ■
B matter how weak they may be; read the finest print in your bible with 9
■ them on, thread the smallest eyed needle you can get hold of and put I
B them to any test you like in your own home as long as you please.
Then after you have become absolutely and positively convinced I
B that they are really and truly the softest, clearest and best-fitting glasses I
B you have ever had on your eyes and if they honestly make you see just I
Bas well as you ever did in your younger days, you can keep the ■
® pair forever without a cent of pay if you accept my special >
W extraordinary advertising proposition, and B
\ JUST DO ME A GOOD TUR N /
% by showing them around to your neighbors and friends and speak a good g
% word for them everywhere, at every opportunity. g
% Won’t you help me introduce the wonderful Dr. Haux “Perfect S
% Vision ” Spectacles in your locality on one easy, simple condition ? g
X If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearer (no children g
% need apply) and want to do me this favor, write me at once and X
just say: “Dear Doctor: Mail me your Perfect Home Eye g
Tester, absolutely free of charge, also full particulars of
your handsome 10-karat ROUJ.2S°U) Spectacle Offer,” and J
address me personally and I will give your letter
own personal attention. Address:—
HAUX, (Personal), Haux
LOUIS,
bTE.—The Above is the Largest Mail Order Spectacle House m the Wurld, and Perfectly KeuabMb
TilEjgfeSSfe SEN
Daily 1 Cent BALTIMORE, MP, Sunday 3 Cents
THE SUN (DailyYatl Cent
IS THE CHEAPEST HIGH-CLASS NEWSPAPER IN THE UNITED STATES.
THE NEW’S OF THE WORLD is daily gathered by the well-trained
special correspondents of THE SUN and set before the readers in a concise and
interesting manner.
As a chronicle of world events THE SUN IS INDISPENSABLE
while its bureaus in Washington and New York make its news from the legisla
tive and financial centers of the country the best that can be obtained ,
AS A WOMAN’S PAPER THE SUN has no superior, being morally
and intellectually a paper of the highest type. It publishes the very best
features that can be written on fashion, art and miscellaneous matters.
THE SUN’S market news makes it A BUSINESS MAN’S NECESSITY
for the farmer, the merchant and the broker can depend upon complete and
reliable information upon their various lines of trade.
THE SUN is in every respect an up-to-date newspaper, fearless in its
people 13 ’ 3USt in deliberations and a leader in the fight for the rights of the
By Mail THE SUN (Daily) is 25 Cents a Month and $3 a Year.
THE SUNDAY SUN, by Mail for 15 Cents a Month and $1.50 a Year,
contains all the features of the Daily together with a magazine section made
up of articles of interest to men, women and children.
’ The DAILY and SUNDAY SUN are published by
A- S. ABELL COMPANY
BALTIMORE. MBs
I
PfiTTflN PDHU/CD2 00 y° uwant t 0 kno * how to double your yield; how to CD ECO
Uu I IUD URUHLDO guard against disease, drought, insects and disasters illEEi
If your land did not produce a satisfactory yield in 1909 would you like to
know how to increase the yield per acre without increasing the cost of cultiva
tion or fertilization, how and when to plant and fertilize for the best results and
how to guard against disease, drought, insects and disaster? Do you want to
know frequently the true conditions of the growing crop during 1910, the condi
tions in the spinning centers and the probable size of the 1910 crop and the best
time to sell, to insure the highest price? We are also offering ONE HUNDRED
DOLLARS FOR TEN STALKS OF COTTON GROWN IN 1910. Do you want that
ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS?
Send postal card with name and address and we will tell you about cotton
growing, and the ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS.
HENRY S. REED & €•., 76 Walton St., Atlanta, Ga.
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
Has had an increase of 25 per cent, in patronage during the Fall Term.
Every place in the Boarding Department has be'en filled. As usual a few
pupils will not return after the Holidays, consequently there will be a few
vacancies which can be offered new pupils, as follows:
6 in BOYS’ HOME, board sl3 per month.
2 in GIRLS’ HOME, board sl3 per month.
5 in BOYS’ CO-OPERATIVE CLUB, board $8 per month.
4 in GIRLS’ CO-OPERATIVE CLUB, board $9 per month.
Board in private homes $lO to sl3 per month.
Spring Term begins Tuesday, January 4th. New pupils should come
Monday, January 3d.
Those desiring places for the Spring Term should make application at
once to
CLAUDE GRAY, President, Locust Grove, Ga.
PAGE ELEVEN