PAGE SIXTEEN
nual report. And during all that time
the road has paid dividends on its
stock averaging about seven per cent
—surely a fair return upon the capi
tal invested.
In other words, the Chicago &
Northwestern has charged rates for
transportation in the last eight years
that have plainly yielded more than
$50,000,000 over and above a fair re
turn upon the capital invested. And
it is alleged to be a signal virtue that
this $50,000,000, instead of being dis
tributed among the stockholders in
dividends, has been devoted to exten
sions and permanent improvements—
thereby relieving stockholders, to that
important extent, from the necessity
of supplying the additional capital
that the growth of the system and the
increased demand for transportation
facilities required.
The public—shippers and travelers
—has been compelled to furnish the
road, in eight years, with $50,000,000
of capital. But the public gets no re
turn upon the capital that it has
thus supplied. The average rate
charged per passenger per mile in
1906 was 2.05 cents against only 2.02
cents in 1903. And the average rate
charged per ton per mile for freight
was the same in 1906 as in 1903, name
ly, 8.9 mills. Probably some concessions
to big shippers were cut down mean
while, but the ordinary shipper ac
tually paid more. The public gets no
representation in the management on
account of the capital that it fur
nishes. Clearly, it ought to control at
least one-third of the board of direc
tors.
The Chicago & Northwestern is
merely one example out of many.
Practically all the big roads yearly
take great sums out of earnings and
devote them to permanent improve
ments and extensions. This is held
to be an exceedingly virtuous prac
tise, and to atone in great part for
whatever stock-watering has been in
dulged in. The idea really is that if
the financiers have created great
quantities of bogus stocks and palmed
them off upon the public, it doesn’t
matter, because the same public can
be made to pay such rates for trans
portation as will give substantial
value to the watered securities.
It is not possible to trace directly
the inflation of capital that has re
sulted from much of the financial
strategy of the railroad in late years
—such as the Pennsylvania Railroad’s
purchase of Baltimore & Ohio, Nor
folk & Western, Chesapeake & Ohio;
Baltimore & Ohio’s purchase of Read
ing; Reading’s purchase of the Cen
tral Railroad of New Jersey, etc., be
cause no new issue of securities to
finance each distinct purchase was im
mediately made. That the general
effect was to inflate capitalization is
obvious, however.
You can hardly bore into this sub
ject anywhere without striking water.
The last report of the Interstate Com
merce Commission shows that the par
value of all outstanding railroad se
curities was $13,805,258,121, or $65,-
926 per mile of road. I think it
doubtful that more than two-thirds
of this represents any legitimate in
vestment of capital in the properties.
The gross earnings of the railroads
for 1906 were $2,319,760,030, or an
average of $10,543 per mile. The
dividends paid in 1906 were greater
by $34,248,605 than were paid by sub
stantially the same roads in 1905. The
gross earnings of the railroads in 1906
amounted to nearly S3O per capita of
the entire population. The gross re
ceips of the federal government were
less than $9 per capita. It seems
worth while to inquire whether rail
road rates are too high; but there can
be no satisfactory answer until we
know what relation outstanding se
curities bear to the actual invest
ment. —Everybody’s Magazine.
SUMMARY.
(Continued from Page Four.)
would be held responsible for the
safety of the lives and property of
Americans in Persia. In conjunction
with this is the statement that a cer
tain Baskerville, connected with, the
missionary school for boys at Tabriz,
who was accused of complicity in rev
olutionary movements, has resigned
from the Presbyterian mission, which
disclaimed all his repsonsibility for
his acts, which resignation indicates
that the accusations against him were
true. If so, it places this government
in an unenviable attitude; to demand
of the existing government protection
for its citizens there, while any of
them are conspiring against it, is ir
reconciliable with strict justice, to
say the least.
The Shah retains not a shadow of
authority, ;bqing (practically nothng
more than a prisoner in the hands of
Russian officers, who are guarding him
in camp without Teheran.
In many places the revolutionists
are in a state of seige, the wild tribes
men, who seem actuated by Moslem
fanaticism than anything else, being
really the free-lance power, lending
their aid for the time to the remnant
of the Persian troops.
Direct nominations, of Senators, as
recommended in New York State by
Governor Hughes received
their deathblow in the as
sembly, at least so
far as the present session
of the Legislature is con-
Hughes
Plan
Fails.
cerned. By a vote of 112 to 28, after
a debate lasting most of the day, the
Assembly decided to sustain the ad
verse report of the Judiciary Commit
tee, which, with two dissenting votes
out of 12, had registered its disap
proval of the measure.
Seventy-live Republicans and 37
Democrats voted by indirection
against the bill, while 18 Republicans
and 10 Democrats voted for it. The
vote was so overwhelming that Mr.
Green did not make the usual motion
to reconsider the vote, and so far as
the Assembly is concerned the issue
is closed.
Governor Hughes’ recommendation
that the telephone and telegraph com
panies of the state be placed under the
jurisdiction of the public-service com
missions was rejected by the Assem
bly, when, by a vote of 37 to 98, a
motion to discharge the Committee
on Electricity, Gas and Water (Supply
from further consideration of his bill,
embodying the Governor’s recommen
dation, was denied.
Following a conference in Kansas
City last week, it is announced that
nearly 1,000 lumber mills
Lumber
Trust.
throughout Texas, Louis
iana, Mississippi and Flor-
ida will be shut down in-
definitely.
3tfftrsonlatt
FREE Dollar Bottle Vitaline
Dr. Rainey says: “My scientific form- On Trial
ula of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases and symp-
toms mentioned below—it’s the most certain of all and JO&JKA
there is no doubt about this. Vitaline tablets are just the J jVJUIiM < fl 9 IkWjKj/
treatment so many are looking for, what they should have BJi- Xnd ' jr-* Rd
and must have to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. It qB _ t « jr tpytu-f j w Jft 71
makes no difference how weak you are nor how long you IU LA | BUB |
have had your trouble.Vitaline will easily over- 9|B B>fAßjß 11 9J] J
come it—it will not fail nor disappoint you.” WV
NERVOUS WEAKNESS,
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. ■ ■> to
’ ’ « . ; L. ~ v all you have to do to receive a dollar
STOMACH I boUI< v,ta,hw tab,ets - We want
gestlon, Bad Taste or Breath, Sick Headache, Bloated, I d| n ° * or # ♦k*?* Un *!! °VF f/mnd
Heartburn, Sour Belching, Spitting Up, Catarrh, Gas. ■ heart that you have at last found
Gnawing, Nervousness. ■ th® right medicine. Pay us no money
HEART WEAKNESS Fluttering, Skipping, Pa I pita- I eatisfied and “'‘J*
nEA*! WtOMtW—, ton j> a jn , n Heart, Side or ■ *° y° ur Judgement and •By-
Shoulder Blade, Short Breath, Weak, Sinking, Cold or ■ ••• * hich abide by— that’s the
Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing In ■ understanding.
Excitement or Exertion. ■ Vitaline tablets act on the VKa-
CATARRM Hawking, Spitting, Nose Running Watery ■ Organs that generate the vital warmth
wmi wnnn— or Yellowish Matter, or Stopped Up, ■ " and the nerve force which makes one
Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Pains ■ feel strong, vigorous and healthy.
In Kidneys, Bladder, Lungs, Stomach or Bowels may ■ u equal to all the duties and pleasures of
be Catarrh. ■ robust strength and Ute. They give you
etoon I
vous, Rash, Sores,Ulcers, Pimples,Chilly or Fev’erisK, ■ m e Jtter kn ° W Vhere was an .*' thlug th ®
Loss of Flesh and Strength. ■ matter.
■ Vitaline tablets are guaranteed under
■ U. 8. Pure Food and Drugs Act—Serial
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. 81, 152 Lake St. ■ kiAwJ No. 3877—y0u have never had anything
Chicago- I enclose four cents postage. Send at once ■ like them, combining their wonderful
by mail in plain package $ LOO bottle Vitaline Tablets ■ healing and strengthening power,
on trial, and if it proves satisfactory I will send you ■ We send you our beautifully illustra-
SI.OO, otherwise I Will pay you nothing. ■ ted book, “Vitality”—you have never
BmA seen one like it. Our testimonials from
-v people cured after ten to forty years of
doctoring will convince you of all we
claim for Vitaline.
Address ———•
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes —the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys who get the largest number of
subscriptions to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE or WATSON’S
WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN between now and July 4, 1909, 1 will
give a handsome
Gold Watch and Chain
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold ring for
the girls.
Third prize: Your choice of “Napoleon”, “Jefferson”, “Bethany”,
“Life and Speeches” or “Waterloo”.
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
> ll II I ————
r ■■ COMPLIMENTS OF-
- TOM WATSON Fwil S I
This is the knife which the Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for one new subscriber
to the magazine or the weekly. It’s a beauty.
“It is simply a case of no prices
for lumber,” said F. F. Patterson, of
Kirbyville, Tex. “There is no busi
ness and rather than sell lat any price
we can get, we will force the dealers
to pay our prices by cutting out the
supply as long as necessary.”
This is a bald statement of coer
cion as has ever been thrown in- the
face of the outraged public. And
still, the Lumber Trust must be pro
tected.
.NATIONAL BANKS.
The “Money Question” is getting
interesting and important. Who can
understand the disposition of the peo
ple to act so stupidly in such a vital
matter, as Tom Watson shows in his
article on “National Banks”? Can
we believe that intelligent people, who
are also honest, will allow a certain
class of individuals to reap such
profits, without protesting against it?
But simply protesting will do little
good, if no practical measures are
taken to effect a change. This sys-
tem of legalized robbery has been
growing up ever since the Civil War.
The “Republican” party was the sire
of it; and the “Democratic” party
has been so completely emasculated
by its Tammany Hall and Wall street
elements, associated with the “Bour
bons” of the South, that it has been
incapable of offering any effective op
position to this system of spoliation;
and the Populist party was so unwise
and unfortunate as to make an al
liance with this moribund “Demo
cracy,” at a critical juncture; and
now a few brave and uncorrupted
men must lead the blinded people out
of this wilderness of woe. —Ameri-
can Whip.
ADDITIONAL CAMPAIGN CON
TRIBUTIONS.
J. A. Braxton, Herndon, Ga. .. .10
W. F. Castellow, Locust Grove,
Ga- i 50
B. H. Brown, Flowery Branch,
Ga. 50
A. W. Stone, Talladega, Ala 60