Anti-Opium.
A conference is taking place in
Shanghai to consider ways of stamp
ing out the opium habit. Among the
countries represented are the United
States, England, Germany, Italy, Hol
land, Portugal and Russia, with Per
sia and the important countries of
the Orient. The avowed purpose is to
help China and the Philippines to
overcome the drug evil, but the use of
opium and its derivatives is by no
means confined to these countries. It
is a gigantic evil in America today,
as the quantity imported is sufficient
to prove.
Curiously Alike.
One recalls the il kind-but-stern
warning” given to Cuba in the last
Presidential message, just previous to
the withdrawal of Magoon and the
American troops from the island.
Here seems to be something quite sim
ilar. Prince Ito, of Japan, has just
sailed from Korea, bearing, accord
ing to his own statements, the regrets
of the Koreans at his departure. He
also admonishes, however, that 4 4 un
less there is an early cessation of the
sporadic rioting among the disaffect
ed element, composed of a few Ko
reans who are hindering the progress
of a vast majority of the people of
the country, stringent action will be
taken by Japan.” The ”sporadic ri
oting” has usually resulted in con
siderable slaughter to the Koreans,
few casualties to the Japanese, and
it is an indication of Japan’s up-to
dateness that it has been able to em
ploy the stock 1 ‘pacification ” and
4 ‘benevolent assimilation” idea so
successfully. Poor Korea. One of
the Mikado’s “policies” is to unload
a good many superfluous Japs —those
who perhaps can’t yet afford to make
the trip to California —on the hapless
small country near at hand.
Royal Visit.
f King Edward and Queen Alexandra
have been paying a call upon the
German Kaiser and -while there exists
a disposition to scoff at this spectacu
lar sociability among the great ones,
it has a certain pleasing significance.
A nation which, like Great Britain,
can be thrown almost into convulsions
of fear of German aggression when
no apparent basis exists except in
the distrust of its hereditary foe, and
a nation, which, like Germany can
work itself up into an hysterical con
dition of rage over an interview given
out by the Emperor, might well be
soothed and pacified by the inter
change of civilities between the mon
archs. 'Silly as it all seems, this dis
play of cordiality, it proves a certain
wish for peace.
Sti. , They Enjoyed It.
T e speech made by Congressman
Wilk.tt, alluding to the President as
a “hay-tedder, a perpetual jocularity,
a gargoyle,” etc., has been expunged
from the records.
As to Railroad Earnings.
The Interstate Commerce Commis
sion has recently made a report to
Congress relative to the condition of
railroads, in which appears the follow
ing interesting paragraph:
“In view, however, of the widely
circulated reports that the loss in
flicted upon the railroads was so se
vere as to warrant universal advances
in rates or reduction in wages, or
both, it is interesting to note that
the gross earnings of all railroads
for 1908, although $164,464,941 less
than the gross earnings for 1907,
were $98,875,470 in excess of the
gross earnings for 1906 and $342,158,-
231 in excess of those for 1905, and
that the net earnings for 1908, al
though $111,051,006 less than for
1907 and $59,349,138 less than for
1906, were $37,658,504 in excess of
those for 1905. These figures indi
cate that, whatever may have been
the fact in individual eases, the rail
roads of the country, as a whole, did
not suffer so severely in comparison
with years of normal traffic and busi
ness conditions as may have gene
rally been supposed.”
May Be Excused.
Senator Platt finally admits that
he’s old enough to quit. Mean enough
would have been franker. The coun
try would have excused him gladly
long ago.
Gold. Spectacles Free
and Get a Handsome
10-karat SOlffiW Pair Os TLe
IxtmmSSHa
X c*l nl *1 J
Not Only For Trial —But to Keep Forever.
PONT SEND ME A CENT
as I am going to give away at least one
hundred - thousand pairs of the Dr, Haux
famous “Perfect Vision” Spectacles to genu
ine. bona-fide spectacle—wearers in the next
few weeks —on one easy, simple condition.
I want you to thoroughly try them on
your own eyes, read and sew with them
and put them to any test you like in your
own home as long as you please.
Then after you have become absolutely
and positively convinced that they are
really and truly the softest, clearest and
best-fitting glasses you have ever had on
your eyes, you can keep them forever
without a cent of pay. and
Just Do Me A Good Turn
by showing them around to your neighbors
and friends and speak a good word for
them everywhere, at every opportunity.
Won't you help me introduce the won
derful Dr, Haux **’ Perfect Vision ” Spec
tacles in your locality on this easy,
simple condition ?
If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle
wearer (no children need apply) and want
to do me this favor, write me at. once and
sust say: “Dear Doctor: Mail me your
Home Eye Tester, absolutely free
of charge, also full particulars of your
handsome 10-karat Spectacle Offer,”
and address me personally and I will
give your letter my own personal atten
tion. Address: DR. HAUX, (Personal),
Haux Building, St. Louis. Mo.
NOTE:—The above is the largest Mail Order Spec
tacle House in the world, and is perfectly reliab’-
IKS± uteSn“.?:S,. ofiF/K. THESE ARE THE KIND THAT MADE SOUTH
- ga.'ffS: TSffiE CAROLINA FAMOUS FOR CABBAGE GROWING
They need no introduction. We guarantee FULL COUNT, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED. Send money with order,
othetwise plants will be shipped c. o. D. and you will have to pay return charges on the money, thus adding to the cost of your plants’
Prices F. o. B. Young’s Island: 500 for $1.00; 1,000 to 4.000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8,000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9,000 to 20,000 at SI.OO per 1,000. Special
prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries. __ n «»-» w . . . . _
Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. GIBSON, BOX 33, Young S isLsnci, S« C« >
dje 3effersontan
Frt eto You—My Sister Suffering From Woman’s Ailments
I am a woman.
' I know woman’s sufferings.
I have found the cure.
I will mail, free of any charge, my horns trsof-
Jr - with full instructions to any sufferer from
woman's ailments. I want to tell all women about
Z>:ss■:!:\ this cure—you, my reader, for yourself, your
daughter, your mother, or your sister. 1 want to
tell you how to cure yourselves at home with
, 1 out the help of a doctor. Men cannot understand
1 women’s sufferings. What we women know from
•iperimu, we know better than any doctor. I
E • 1 know that my home treatment is safe and sure
cure f° r Leucorrhoea or Whitish discharges, Ulceration, Dii
; ’ X placement or Falling of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful
■■■■ Periods, Uterine or Ovarian Tumors, or Growths; also pains io
head, buck and bowels, bearing down feelings, nervousness,
crMWinW feeling up the spine, melancholy, desire to cry, hot
flMhes, weariness, kidney, and bladder troubloo where caused
weaknesses peculiar to our sex.
I want to send you a complete ten day's treatment
wjji&S;WWS?•■Sjiir entirely free to prove to you that you can cure
yourself at home, easily, quickly and
surely. Remember, that.it will cost you nothing to
... .. give the treatment a complete trial; and if you
wisn to continue, it will cost you only about 12 cents a week or less than two cents a day. It
will not Interfere with your work or occupation. Just send mo your name and address, tell me how you
suffer if you wish, and I will send you the treatment for your case, entirely free,in plain wrap
per, by return mail. I will also send you free of cost, my book-“WOMAN , S OWH MEDICAL ADVISER" with
e jU ana^or y illustrations showing why women suffer, and how they can easily cure themselves
at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to think for herself. Then when the doctor Bays—
You must have an operation, you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured
home remedy.lt cur , Bß £** old ° r J oun *- To Mothers of Daughters, I will explain a
simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leuc orrhoea, Green Sickness and
its use ° r I rre^u * ar Menstruation in young Ladles, Plumpness and health always results from
Wherever you live, I can refer you to ladies of your own locality who know and will gladly
tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all women’s diseases, and makes women well,
strong, plump ana robust. Just send me your address, and the free ten day’s treatment is yours, also
the book. Write to-day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
MRS. m. summers, Box 432 - • South Bend, Ind., U. S. A.
Making More Money Out of
Cotton Crops
is merely a question of using enough of the right
kind of fertilizers.
Virginia-Carolina
F ertilizers
are the right kind.
The cotton plant cannot feed on barren land. Study
your soil. Find out what it lacks. Then apply the
necessary fertilization and the results will surprise you.
See what Mr. W. C. Hays of Smith Station, Ala., did. He says:
“I planted about 30 acres of some ‘gray sandy land’ that had been in
cultivation for over 20 years, and used 300 pounds of Virginia-Caro
lina Fertilizers per acre, and I expect to gather 30 bales from
the 30 acres.” This is why we say it is the right kind. We have
hundreds ofletters like this, and even stronger, in praise of Virginia-
Carolina Fertilizer for cotton.
Get a copy of the new 1909 Virginia-Carolina Farmers’ Year Book
from your fertilizer dealer, or write our nearest sales office and a copy
will be sent you free. It contains pictures of the capitols of all the
Southern States.
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Sales Offices Sales Offices
Richmond, Va. ■■ * Durham, N.C.
Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S. C.
Columbia, S. C. gVirgjiiiaCarollnal Baltimore, Md.
Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga.
Savannah, Ga. <.’<>' Montjomery, Ala.
Memphis, Tenn. Shreveport, La.
12 Grand Easter Souvenir Post Cards—FßEE.
The most beautiful Easter Cards ever produced—4 Angels, 4 Easter Flowers, 4
Crosses and Flowers; heavy embossed, colors and gold. Most tasty and appro
priate Easter Cards in the world. Nothing else equal to them. Send 4 cents for
postage and jacking and we will send these 12 grand Easter cards free. Also
our plan whereby you can get fifty other magnificent post cards free. Address
THE SIMMONS PUBLISHING CO., 249 Washington St., Springfield, Ohio.
PAGE FIFTEEN