PAGE FOURTEEN
WANT ADS
ONLY ONE CENT A WORD
THEY BRING RESULTS FOR OTHERS
WHY NOT YOU? TRY ONE AND SEE
SAW, LATH Mil I C
AND SHINGLE I'IILLJ
Engines, Boilers, Shafting,
Pulleys, Belts, Pipe, Injectors.
LOMBARD, Augusta, Ga.
TRir’K ROHR that tells how to do cute and
*'-**«■ clever tricks, making you a
favorite among friends. Mailed with big catalogue to
everyone sending only four cents — stamps.
UNITED SPECIALTY CO., Dept. 624, Chicago.
15 EGGS $1.50
I will sell Barred Plymouth Rock (Thompson
strain) or White Wyandotte (Duston strain) at
the above price. My Wyandottes are pure white
and heavy layers. My Rocks are almost perfect
in color, full size and lay all the time.
Wakefield Poultry Yards, W. A. Liles, Prop.
SELL FRUIT TREES.
Wanted —100 salesmen. You make money by
our plan. Best terms. Write at once.
UPSON NURSERIES.
Yatesville, Ga.
Rift RA Rft AIM We Bend « postpaid, 20 Auto-
DMlWnilt matic p atent Fountain Pen
Points, that write 100 words single dip, for only 10 cents to
introduce our mammoth catalog.
UNITED SPECIALTY CO., Dept. 622, Chicago.
NEW MAP OF GEORGIA handsomely printed
in four colors showing new counties, for ten
cents. SOUTHERN SUPPLY CO., 1298-1300
Broadway, New York.
AGENTS WANTED .
To sell Monuments and Tombstones. Agent’s
outfit furnished free of charge.' References re
quired. North Georgia Marble, Works, Wood
stock, Ga.
6) £■ NICE POST CARDS-Pretty Ift fFIXITQ
25 Girls, Views, Fruits, Flowers, 1.
Marine, Love, Luck, Animals, Motto, Greetings, Gro
tesque, etc. No cards alike. All cut apart. Big Catalog and
25 cards all postpaid, 10 cents. Order today. Agents wanted.
UNITED SPECIALTY CO.. Dept. 621, Chicago.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity for
the Indistrious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for sample copy
FARM AND RANCH. Tex.
THE FARMERS’ UNION HYMNAL
Contains a choice collection of Farmers’ Union
songs, calculated to build up the cause of
unionism wherever sung. Price, 10 cents per
copy, sl.lO per dozen, postpaid. Round or
shaped notes. Address
A. C. NEECE,
Sunset, Texas, Route 5.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
IN THE WRONG PEW.
(Continued from Page Ten.)
the wall, one on either side, and one at the
end of the room, besides a large one over the
mantelpiece. At the end of the room there
were two sofas and seated on one of them
were six handsomely draped young ladies.
Captain Hill shook hands, calling each one by
her name, then turned and introduced each
one to Sergeant Andrews. Now, in order
for you to understand the predicament that I
was in, 1 will tell you about my uniform. In
my right hand I held my military cap, made
of cotton cloth, with a paper visor, with the
crown sewed in, in such away that all the
rain that fell on it, ran down my back, into
my eyes, and dripped off my nose. My jacket
lacked about three inches of reaching my
pants, and they lacked the same of reaching
my brogan shoes, with my cotton socks rolled
down over them, besides my pants were burnt
out in the rear, from my knees down. I was
nearly in as sad a predicament as the soldier
who had the bosom of his pants worn out.
Like all Confederate soldiers, he was hungry
and stopped at house to get something to eat,
insisting on his doing ample justice to the
viands before him, while they filled his raver
sack from the good things on the table.
When he got ready to leave he was very
profuse in his thanks, at the same time back
ing to the door with the young ladies follow
ing, he then backed down the steps, still
thanking them for the kindness in relieving
the wants of a hungry soldier, while thev
stood in the door. As he could not turn his
back to them, he decided to back around the
corner of the dwelling, and as he did so, and
turned, he met face to face with the lady of
the houshe, who remarked, Here is a pair of
pants for you, sir. At that time I considered
myself a veteran of many hard fought bat
tles, I had fought double lines of the enemy,
and near enough to touch bayonets with them,
besides being near enough to their batteries
in action to see down the brazen throats of the
guns, and during the time four men had been
killed by my side, but all of that seemed like
child’s play to a battery of six beautiful pairs
of eyes, all concentrated on one ragged Con
federate. During the introduction I tried to
make some very polite bows, but before it was
over my knees were bumping together. After
what seemed like an age one of the young
ladies remarked, Please be seated, sir. I
dropped on the chair with so much force the
springs come near landing me on my head in
the middle of the room. I finally succeeded in
getting seated, but could not look in any di
rection without seeing myself in one of those
mirrors. I knew that I felt awful bad, but
if anything looked worse, and shut my eyes.
Captain Hill was a bachelor and a ladies’ man
and soon attracted the attention of the young
ladies to himself, leaving me to meditate on
the ups and downs, but mostly the downs, of a
soldier’s life. After a few minutes Judge
Marshall invited Captain Hill and myself to
the basement, to sample some of his fine old
apple brandy. Captain Hill was too polite to
refuse, and I, believing in the trite but true
saying, the way to keep the spirits up is to
pour the spirits down, couldn’t. Judge Mar
shall led the way anl the young ladies fol
lowed us. When we reached the basement we
found Mrs. Marshall, with some small chil
dren.
The judge brought out his decanter with
some sugar and glasses. Being in the wrong
pew, I can’t say that I appreciated, at the
time, the honor conferred, but I can say that
I have touched glasses with the chief justice
of the supreme court of the Confederacy. Af
ter the brandy, parched groundpeas were
handed around, and every one had a jolly
good time, but me. I have often thought of
those whole-souled, true Southern patriots,
who treated the ragged sergeant with the
same hospitality and courtesy they would have
shown their equals. If I am not mistaken
Justice Marshall was the son of the famous
jurist for whom the Liberty Bell was tolling
when it was cracked. While memory holds
sway, there will always be a warm spot within
my heart, sacred to the memory of Captain
A. A. Franklin Hill, who was one of those
genial, kind hearted men, with a smile and a
kind word for every one. While he was
wealthy, educated, and a polished gentleman,
having traveled extensively in Europe and
America, he could suit himself to any and all
circumstances. While he was the social equal
of Judge Marshall and those young ladies, he
could make himself equally at home with the
humblest private. He was a picturesque look
ing officer, with his black hair dowh on his
shoulders, his whiskers to his waist, while his
mustache could have been tied back of his
neck. Before the war he lived in Athens,
Georgia, and was captain of the Troup Ar
tillery.
The voice I so often heard in command has
long since been silent, the heart that knew no
fear has ceased to beat, the strong right arm
that flashed, has returned to dust, while his
of the fight, has returned to dust, while his
brave spirit has winged its flight to the God
who gave it. Sweet be the sleep of the gal
lant Hill beneath the shade of the beautiful
trees, free from war’s cruel strife, the roll of
the drums, the sharp report of the rifle, and
the angry boom of the cannon. A kinder
hearted man or a better soldier never wore
the gray or drew his sword in behalf of the
lost cause.
W. H. ANDREWS,
First Sergeant Co. M., Ist. Ga. Regulars.
Sugar Valley, Ga.
DEADLY WEAPONS OF THE OLD DIXIE
ONCE USED IN FIGHTS TO THE
DEATH
(Continued from Page Three.)
strength for his size, and was as quick and
lithe as a wildcat, and as game. Bowie was
the terror of all the “hard cases” from
Louisville to New Orleans.
A great author said: “The nation which
shortens its weapons lengthens its bounda
ries.” The derringer and the bowie are short
weapons, and our boundaries have been
lengthened) but education and civilization
have relegated the two deadly short weapons.
—Washington Post.