PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLAN
Mr. Taft broke out again, not in a new
place, but on what is becoming his perennial
Taft’s
an Awful
Tribulation
to THE
Party.
hopeful sign, perhaps—this laughter. Mr.
Taft, grinning and grimacing, has had the
stage too long, and Mr. Taft, laughed at,
thoroughly exposed to the ridicule he de
serves, is an appropriate turning of the ta
bles. If “the Party” really wants to cement
the split and get itself in harmonious trim
by next Jail, it should gag the Presdent, or
confine nim to his favorite amusement of
waltzing upon the waxed floor. Socially, the
ladies say he is “a dear”, but as an executive,
or even a politician with a thimbleful of dis
cretion, he is evidently impossible. '
* * * ❖
From the same speech, it is gathered that
he is dropping his insistence upon a Federal
incorporation bill, and settling down to ask
ing for what it is possible he may manage to
obtain, before the session adjourns,—the Pos
tal Savings Bank bill, with perhaps some
tinkering toward conservation of resources
and the interstate commerce court. It is im
probable, however, that anything will be ac
tually accomplished. Too many Representa
tives and Senators must be elected this year
for the present incumbents to risk their
chances of re-election by getting unduly busy.
Their constituents must be pacified, and as
few interests as possible antagonized. It will
be a case of “get it over as quickly as possi
ble" and rush back home to explain to “the
boys” that Cannon’s gag-rules prevented the
Hon. M. C. from doing anything for his dis
trict, but that if “the boys” will only re-elect
him, THEN, things will be doing! And “the
boys” will stop plowing long enough, doubt
less, to be convinced by the plausible M. C. —•
maybe. But it is a safe gamble that only the
insurgent will have a smooth and easy time
chatting with the home-folks.
❖ * * *
Speaking of records, how is Brantley going
to get sufficiently disinfected and rejuve
nated to pass muster? There is going to be
a strong fight against him, and already one
good candidate, —Jett Bowden, of Waycross
—has announced for the race.
Kentucky and South Carolina are in the
column of States ratifying the Income Tax
The Prog
ress of THE
Income Tax.
intellectual skill as a law
yer, but not very creditable to his preten
sions to popular leadership. If he can man
age to swing New York against it—some
thing that will be very easy to do, since it
could hardly be hoped that any of the East
ern States would ratify—it will not count in
his favor in 1912. Governor Hughes may be
an honest man, but his extreme narrowness
becomes continually more apparent. Senator
Boot, singular to relate, has taken another
reef in his sails and proposes to support the
amendment. The “deadly parallel” drawn
upon him when the bill was undergoing de
bate showed that he favored the measure in
the earlier days, when there was no proba
bility of its ever slipping through Congress,
\ and that when it was about to accomplish
that remarkable slide, he battled against it.
Now, he promises to work for its ratification
theme—defense of the tariff.
His New York speech was
greeted with laughter when
he attempted to hold up the
Payne-Aldrich humbug as a
fulfillment of the pledge for
“downward division”. It is a
amendment. Governor
Hughes, of New York, has
found some objections to the
tax, a feat creditable to his
C>be Ueffersonian
in the Legislature of his own State. But if
anybody could get onto the curves of Elihu,
he would have to be built after the fashion of
a spiral spring. The crooks and turns of that
gentleman are beyond all ordinary ken.
Senator Aalds, of the New York Legisla
ture, seems to be in bad on the charges of
The
Scandal
at Albany.
sure is being exerted to sup
press as much of the scandal as possible.
The Aalds case is one of those sordid
things which make one turn sick. He is one
of these “nice respectable” men, you know—
the smooth, sleek sort who would probably
be horrified if he thought he had forgotten
to pay a bill, or hadn’t contributed his quota
in the way of various subscriptions to church
and charity, and yet there appears to be no
shadow of doubt but that, in competition be
tween bridge-builders for contracts, he de
manded the coin—and got it, as a Senatorial
perquisite.
The bridge companies were simply held up
—blackmailed. And, having to bribe legis
lators in order to stand any show to get a
contract, what result could that have upon
the KIND of work they did, and the MA
TERIALS they used ?
Defective bridges are nice things, aren’t
they? It is a reassuring thought to know
that the train upon 'which helpless human be
ings are riding must pass over bridge after
bridge that is an absolute menace by its
frail construction, by its cheap material. In
the last analysis, the rottenness in legislatures
is paid for in human lives, unnecessarily
wiped out, human usefulness wantoijly de
stroyed and human happiness turned to wail
ing and despair. /
But you never get the smooth, slack prac
tical politician of the Aldrich type to see it.
They are always the conservative, safe and
sound gentlemen who are the quickest to
howl for a “business administration”.
The beautiful Twenty-fifth Infantry, “cul
lud”, has nobly vindicated itself, as well as
T he
Brownsville
Troops
Again.
7 7
was discharged in toto by Roosevelt for a
“conspiracy of silence” and which has since
been the subject of a re-investigation which
made assurance doubly sure that the troops
had done that hideous deed.
Nausea supervenes when one speaks of this
regiment of vile blacks, but the present in
stance cannot be passed unnoticed. Those
brutes, degrading the uniform of United
States soldiers, went to the lonely, unpro
tected little border town of Brownsville, with
the avowed intention not only of intimi
dating its inhabitants, generally, but to “get
the women”. Evidently, they are still at the
pursuit, considering the assault upon the
venerable lady near Seattle, where the regi
ment, allowed to re-enlist, is now stationed.
And yet there are still frantic negrophiles
who care more for the filthy beasts than they
do for the lives and honor of helpless, inno
cent and estimable women.
$ * * $
At Cairo, Illinois, a race war is only pre
vented by an overwhelming number of State
troops, and the antagonism engendered is
certain to break out afresh so soon as the
troops are withdrawn. Cause, robbery of a
bribery. Not only that, but
the whole bunch is trembling
over the disclosures about to
be made, and tremendous pres-
the Foraker ravings over it,
by one of its members as
saulting an aged white lady.
This is the regiment which
shot up the helpless little
town of Brownsville, Texas,
white woman by a negro, attempt to lynch,
white men shot down by black deputies—and
utter chaos.
Comment is unnecessary. Each sign shows
what the ultimate storm is going to be unless
separation or some other humane solution of
the problem is arrived at.
“It will solve itself” say the lazy ones Mflio
don’t wish to be stirred by thought. But so
long as two utterly antagonistic races multi
ply side by side, there can never be any other’
result than increased friction, just in the pro
portion that the races come in contact with
each other.
Disquiet in Spain has steadily grown, al
though making less noise and outward dem
onstration since the Barcelona
Spain by riots of the summer, and the
No Means condition of affairs in that
Tranquil. country is critical in the ex
treme.
The Clericals, directed of course from the
Vatican, are stirring up strife in an open
fight to close the lay schools, while the Lib
erals are committed to the policy of a broad
system of public education, and curtailment
of the power of the priests in secular affairs.
Such dissension has occurred that another
ministry has fallen. Moret y Pendergast, the
able Liberal leader, whose deposition some
thing like two years ago installed Antonio
Maura, and who was recalled to the premier
ship again during the troublous times of the
revolution, has been forced to resign. In his
stead is now Jose Cantejas y Mendes, a pro
gressive of doubtful force. It is believed
that he cannot long steer the ship of state, in
the breast of the opposition from within and
without his own party, and the Clericals are
hoping again to have Maura, the despot, in
charge.
It is openly threatened that if such event
occurs, Maura’s life will pay the forfeit, and
a series of assassinations will engender an
other period of open revolt, efforts at repres
sion. and probably culminate in the downfall
of the monarchy.
Archbishop Ireland is authority for the
statement that American Methodists have
Queries
That Sprain
the Brain.
should have refused to re
ceive ex-Vice-President Fairbanks at the
Vatican, if he also spoke in the Methodist
church there.
Queer situation. If the Roman Catholics
are not Christians already TFZL47 7 are they?
And if the Methodists are not worthy of Pa
pal respect, ]VHY is it?
As Hashimira Togo says in his correspon
dence: “Mr. Editor, I require no answer.”
Let the theologians wrestle with the sug
gested complications while we worry with
the trivial details which fall to our humble
lot.
“To be, or not to be”—vaccinated, has been
the burnng question in Atlanta lately, where
a robust smallpox scare has
When the held sway. It is one upon
Police Go which people differ considera-
ble Ear. bly, and so long as such dif
ference exists, it is stretching
the police powers to a great extent to enforce
vaccination.
There can be little doubt but that vaccina
tion has lightened this scourge, and reduced
the mortality to a wonderfur degree. But
there exists no good reason why vaccination
should be compulsory. It does not prevent
spent $12,000,000 to make
converts in Rome, and is still
busy explaining why, on that
- score and others, the Pope