PAGE EIGHT
Ol)e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second ciass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. 14 Sept. 2, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
As to i( What We Missionaries
Concealed 99
The leading editorial of our issue of July
15th has been widely copied, and has raised
sand. We rather thought it would. Various
denominational organs, and sundry excitable
preachers have jumped on it, with pious fe
rocity. We rather thought they would.
At Cairo, Georgia, there is a teapot with a
tempest in it. Or we should more correctly
say, there are a couple of teapots at Cairo,
each with a tempest in it.
Rev. W. E. Towsen is the Methodist min
ister at that town, and Rev. Dr. Robert H.
Harris, the Baptist ditto, —a very disturbed
couple of teapots, indeed.
These pacific followers of the meek and
lowly Jesus probably differ on all things, with
two exceptions:
(1) That criticism of Foreign Missions in
volves moral turpitude, and
(2) That “Tom Watson 1 ’ is the intolerable
bull in the immaculate crockery shop.
We quote a few of the charitable expres
sions used by these men of God toward the
troublesome Watson. Brother Harris writes:
“I condemned Watson for endorsing a false
charge and adding a foul innuendo to it.”
Brother Towson declares that the Watson
editorial was “a malicious diatribe”, “a mali
cious and vindictive attack”. He says that
‘‘the editor of The Jeffersonian displays his
dense ignorance”. He asks, “could anything
be more malignant, fiendish, more diabolical
than his attack”? He prophesies that “eter
nal shame and infamy will attach to the
man”, whom he dubs “the father of lies”, etc.,
etc.
Pretty warm stuff, isn't it? Reminds one
of Scoville, Norton, Archibald, Clark and a
few other disciples of the lowly Nazarine.
Now would you believe that this torrent of
abuse was let loose on Watson by two preach
ers who totally misunderstood, or recklessly
misrepresent the meaning of the editorial,
“What We Missionaries Concealed”?
'Hie Rev. Paul Wakefield, speaking of mis
sion methods, carelessly used the words, “sys
tem of individual instruction which is almost
universal in Chinese missions”. Knowing
that Parson Wakefield meant American mis
sions, we so construed his language, as clearly
appears in the sentence:
“If we missionaries could keep covered up such
frightful conditions in the mission work among
the Chinese of New York, what is it that they
could not keep covered up in the mission work in
China?”
The frightful conditions which had been
concealed were those existing in New York,
Chicago, San Francisco and hundreds of oth
er places, where the Chinese men had “won
their fight” for a young and pretty lady
teacher to be assigned to each slant-eyed hyp
ocrite and would-be seducer.
Very naturally the thought arose in the
mind, “If all this devilment has been going
Jeffersonian,
on right here among us, how do we know
what goes on in Japan, China and India?”
The Cairo clergymen deny that Elsie Sigel
was a missionary.. But she was, until her
“converts” dragged her to perdition. Her
father, her mother, her uncle, her aunt, all
stated that she chose the mission field as her
life-work; and all the newspapers so stated.
The Cairo ministers declare that Rev. Paul
Wakefield lied. How do they know that? He
was talking about mission work, and he
claims to be one of “we missionaries”. It so
happens that Parson Wakefield is powerfully
corroborated by other missionaries.
Miss Helen F. Clark, a missionary of seven
teen years’ experience, and director of the
Helen Clark Mission, said, in the San Fran
cisco Bulletin, of June 30, 1909:
“White women must leave the lives of China
men alone. For seventeen years I have urged the
folly of that. All about me I have seen the ruin
and wrecked homes. Case after case that paral
lels Elsie Sigel’s, with the exception of the tragic
ending. But even death is better than some
things.”
To the same effect, spoke Mrs. Florence
Todd, the oldest of the New York Chinese
missionaries.
Rev. Towson actually has the hardihood to
introduce Rev. Dr. R. S. McArthur, one of the
most respected Baptist ministers of New
York, as a witness for the defense, in the mat
ter of individual instruction of single China
men by single white girls, when, in fact, Dr.
McArthur was one of the strongest witnesses
against the system.
Dr. McArthur, after saying that he had al
ways considered the system a bad thing, did
state that, by taking precautions in his Sun
day-school, nothing worse occurred than two
marriages of Chinamen to their teachers. But
men of the world will understand very well
that many of the girls might have drifted into
improper relations with their separate pupils,
without the fact ever coming to the knowl
edge of Dr. McArthur, or of the public. It
isn’t every wronged missionary that is mur
dered. In Chinatown lives many a degraded
white girl, sinking quietly deeper and deeper,
in moral mire, and attracting no attention
from the newspapers.
Dr. McArthur said to the reporter of the
New York TKorZtZ, in the interview from
which Mr. Towson seems to quote:
“If the World would employ its great facil
ities for gathering news to obtaining a list of
the mission girls ruined by Chinese whom they
were teaching it would perform a service for
which all the churches would be supremely
grateful. There have been enough cases of
that kind to fill an entire page in the paper.
That list would be read everywhere as an aw
ful object-lesson in depravity. I believe its
publication would so shock the country as to
correct the evil at which it would aim. Noth
ing short of some such exposure will stop it.
The people need to be horrified. I shall be in
sympathy with any measure, however shock
ing, to save our young women from a continu
ance of this INFAMY, and with what feeble
force I have I will speak for it.”
Reader, what think you of the Christianity
and the honesty of a missionary fanatic who
would pretend that the great Baptist preach
er, Dr. McArthur, is a witness against Wat
son, when Watson is doing the very thing
which that eminent New York minister de
clared would be “a service for which all the
churches would be supremely grateful”?
Parson Towson rushes into the local paper
at Cairo, The Messenger,— whose editor has
been man enough to come out on the right
side, —and he flies into The Wesleyan Christ
ian Advocate with the same article, and he
publishes 5,000 copies of the same thing, to
circulate throughout the country. In each
form that Parson Towson’s article appears,
the great weight of the Baptist minister, Dr.
R. S. McArthur, is thrown against Watson,
and in favor of the missionary fanatics.
Yet Dr. McArthur say« that IN-
FAMY” of the abuses growing out of the sys
tem ought to be exposed, and he declared that
the country “needs to r be horrified”, so that the
missionary fanatics may be made to “STOP
IT”.
Watson is making the very “EXPO
SURES” for which, according to Dr. McAr
thur, “all the churches would be supremely
grateful”.
The “awful object lesson in depravity”,
which Dr. McArthur declared would be
taught by a publication of “a list of the mis
sion girls ruined by Chinese whom they were
teaching”, Mr. Watson is endeavoring to fur
nish to the people.
But instead of “all the churches” proving
themselves to be “supremely grateful”, and
the country “horrified”, — as Dr. McArthur
says it “needs to be”, — Watson's punishment,
for doing what the great Baptist preacher de
clared ought to be done, is as severe as bigot
ry and fanaticism can make it.
And to cap the climax, Parson Towson,
who declares that Watson is “densely ignor
ant”, introduces Dr. McArthur as a witness
to prove that Watson’s statements as to the
ruin of Christian girls’by the Chinamen are
without foundation!
McArthur ! McArthur!—the man of God
who lives and works amid “the infamy” in
New York, and who told the New York
World that there were “enough of such cases
to fill an entire page of the paper”!
That interview with Dr. McArthur appear
ed in the New York World of June 21, 1909.
Reader, when it was so notorious that Dr.
McArthur was a witness on the Watson side
of this discussion, and when the words in
which the great Baptist so scorchingly de
nounced the system which Watson assailed
were published in The Jeffersonian (for Au
gust), what can you think of Mr. Towson
when he tries to dupe the people into the be
lief that McArthur defended the system un
der which poor Elsie Sigel lost her innocence,
her life, and—fearful thought! her own soul ?
Dr. McArthur declared that he would be
“in sympathy with any measure, however
shocking, to save our young women FROM
A CONTINUANCE OF THIS INFAMY.
But Towson seeks to prove by McArthur
that Watson lied, maliciously and fiendishly,
when he started in to do what McArthur
prayed might be done!
Who would have thought that any respect
able preacher would act in this way ?
* * * * * *
In his extremity, Parson Towson questions
the authenticity of the Paul Wakefield con
fession, upon which the Watson editorial was
based.
The Rev. Dr. Paul Wakefield went to Craw
fordville, Indiana, in June last, to deliver a
lecture on mission work. His address was re
ported in the Crawfordville Journal of June
23, 1909. Dr. John N. Taylor, a resident of
the town, cut out the report, and sent it to Mr.
Watson. The Journal stated that Dr. Wake
field had been in China two years, in the mis
sion service, at Nanking. “He is thoroughly
acquainted with conditions there”, the Jour
nal declares. Now in order that everybody
may be enabled to draw his own conclusions,
we give the exact language of this Chinese
missionary, who was testifying in public to
what he knew of existing conditions in Chi
nese Missions:
“ ‘The tragic termination of the Chinatown ro
mance of Elsie Sigel and her two Mongolian suit
ors has uncovered the evils of the system of indi
vidual religious instruction which is almost uni
versal in the Chinese missions’, said Dr. Paul
Wakefield, of Springfield, 111., a well-known young
missionary, who gave a talk illustrated by moving
pictures at the Christian church Tuesday evening.
‘The spectacle of young white girls in close asso
ciation with yellow men of middle age in lieu of
women of their own race has aroused public in
dignation. The true condition of life in Chinese
missions is summed up in one instance: there are
more women missionaries degraded by Chinese
men than there are Chinese converted.’
“Dr. Wakefield says the only answer to this is