PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than sl. CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Wpwp’WTh At /X If the above date appears on
■ i ■ If t,le on your paper it
means that your subscrip
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Georgia, March 3, 1910
“Write Us For Information ”
Seeing in Duckworth's paper an editorial
under the above headline, I am moved by the
spirit to accept his invitation. Let all of us
hope that Duck will give us the desired in
formation in his paper or mine, and not hush
it up “BEHIND CLOSED DOORS”.
(1) Did you, Brother Duckworth, lay
your gentle hands on SI,OOO of the treasury
funds of the Farmers’ Union, and devote said
money to your own personal use? I disclaim
the intention of insinuating that you com
mitted any crime. I simply want informa
tion as to whether you did not borrow—for
your personal use, or for the use of your pa
per—sl,ooo of the cash paid in by the Farm
ers’ Union brethren.
Just answer "Yes'', or “No”, please sir.
(-) Did Brother J. L. Barron likewise
help himself, languidly but earnestly, to a
loan of S2OO of the money sent in bv the Lo
cals ?
Answer “Yes”, or “No”, please sir.
(3) How long did you and our languid
Brother. Barron, keep said money, and when
did you repay it?
Flease sir, don’t hush this little matter up
“behind closed doors”. It is SO easy to tell
plausible lies and make smooth reassuring ex
planations “behind closed doors”.
Just come out in the open, like a man,
please sir, and tell us how about this.
(3) How much did the? Brethren lose by
that Union Produce House that you started
in Atlanta ? To what extent did “the little
bunch ’, at Union City, put Union funds into
that concern, over and above the amount au
thorized by the State Convention?
(4) How many hundreds of dollars are
still due to farmers who shipped their pro
duce to that company, on the faith of the in
dorsement which “the little bunch” gave it?
(5) Don't you think That the Union City
officials who indorsed for that Produce House
are legally and, morally responsible for the
sums lost by those shippers of produce?
(b) What does “the little bunch” propose
to do about it? Are they never going to re
pay those farmers, who shipped their stuff on
the faith of what “the little bunch” said in
behalf of the Produce Warehouse? Isn't it a
shame that all of you should be pocketing
Farmers' Union money, and, not doing a thing
toward paying those farmers for the produce
they lost?
(7) How about the Jowett brothers. Duck ?
Didn’t they go out to Union City, when it
was little more than a strip of woodland ;
and didn’t they, on, the faith of a. written
contract with you. install an expensive print
ing plant for the purpose of publishing your
paper? And didn’t you run behind, in the
non-payment of your bills, until you owed
Jeffersonian
those young men thousands of dollars for
materials furnished your paper and for labor
done for it? And didn’t you give them a
promissory note for the indebtedness, plead
ing that you were not able to pay cash ? And
didn’t you let Boodlehunter persuade you to
break your contract with the Jowett boys
and give your printing to him? And did not
you and Ladson both write to the Jowetts, •
after they had gone back to Augusta, urging
them to grant you further indulgence on your
past-due note, offering to put up some col
lateral as security? And then when the
Jowetts at last sued the note, did not you
and Ladson try to beat the Augusta boys out
of their honest dues, by filing a plea that they
had damaged you $9,500 by delays, etc., in
getting out your paper?
And did not Jowett prove that on the two
delays claimed by you, he had paid you the
forfeit of S3OO, as stipulated in the written
contract ?
And in reply to your claim that two issues
of your News had been printed on inferior
paper, did they not prove that they bought
the stock for those two issues from The Cot
ton Journal— thus using the very quality of
paper named in the contract?
And were not you and Ladson so utterly
overwhelmed, by the production of your note
and his and your letters, that you virtually
surrendered? And did not the Fairbum
jury, in the county in which you live, prompt
ly return a verdict against you?
(8) How are you going to pay off that
judgment? Will you again apply to your
bank-wrecking lawyer, Ladson, or will you
lay your gentle hands on Farmers’ Union
funds, and borrow the same for the use of
your paper?
“WRITE TO US FOR INFORMA
TION”, was the title of your editorial in
your last week's paper. lam writing for that
very thing.
Now, men and brethren, let us wait calmly
and expect confidently a whole lot of “infor
mation”.
Surely, the “little bunch” won’t try to hush
THIS up “behind closed doors”.
Ah, Ha! The Christian Index Has
Been Violating the Law!
What’s that? A religious paper, the organ
of the grand old Baptist Church, a persist
ent lawbreaker? Dear me, I’m quite scandal
ized. Whither are we drifting?
“There lies- before me as I write” a circular
letter, which bears the familiar names of
’’Bell and Graham'’, as the signatory parties
thereto. This missive is dated Februray 22,
1910—quite a fresh corpse, indeed. It was
mailed out from the city which belongs to
Asa Candler and his son—or which will be
long to them in the near future, if Coca-Cola
ain’t interfered with in some impertinent
manner.
This circular letter begins affectionately
with “Dfear Bro.”
(That’s so much like our Boston beans
hero, John Lee!)
The letter then proceeds to inform “Dear
Bro." that “an effort is being made by the
enemies of religious papers to get us into
trouble”.
(By George! That sounds exactly like the
Boston beans letters that John Lee scatters
abroad.)
And how are these “enemies of religious
papers” trying to get “us”, Bell and Graham,
“into trouble”?
Why, the letter says that it is “about send
ing the Index to subscribers whose time ex
pired in 1908”. (In other circular letters you
will doubtless find that the expiration oc
curred in 1907. Tn others, 1906. In others,
1905.)
Messrs. Bell and Graham assure “Dear
Bro.”, that they have only a few of those
whose time expired in 1908, but that he, “Dear
Bro.”, is one of them. (I’d give a brand new
silver dollar to know how many are included
in the words, “only a few”. If there were
only a few, as you and I understand the
meaning of words, Bell and Graham would
hardly have gone to the expense of circular
ization.)
However, “Dear Bro.” being one of the de
linquents, is earnestly besought to pony up.
But if he is unable to come all the way to the
scratch, just let him remit for 1908, and send
to Bell and Graham “written authority to
continue the paper until you can pay for an
other year”.
(Well, I do declare!) If the “religious
papers” have any foes, I’m not aware of it;
but I’ll say this much: the wrnrst enemies they
could have would find it impossible to dis
credit them to the extent that such manage
ment as the letter in question reveals is bound
to do.
To hold a fictitious circulation can have but
one purpose—to retain the advertising. If
no harm comes of this, so far as the adver
tiser is concerned, a. great wrong is done the
taxpayers of the country.
How? It is in the expense of handling
that kind of mail that the Government loses
millions to the railroads, every year. And,
of course, what the Government loses by it,
comes out of you.
“Private Car ” Lurton Makes
Good
The railroads never make a mistake when
it comes to packing the Federal Courts with
Judges.
“Private Car” Lurton, of Tennessee, had
hardly had time to warm his place on the
United States Supreme Bench, before the un
erring sagacity with which corporations dic
tate appointments was demonstrated.
Away back yonder in 1833, the Georgiy
Railroad and Banking Company seett*
from the Legislature a charter which 'i
einpted the capital stock of the road from
taxation, excepting to the extent of one-half
of one per cent, of the net earnings. At that
time, our forefathers could not anticipate the
era of mergers and combinations. No politi
cal prophet could then foresee that the Geor
gia and the Central, of this State, would be
as thoroughly controlled from a New York
Wall Street office as the street railways of
that great city are. With the laudable pur
pose of encouraging the development of the
State’s resources, the Legislature invited
capitalists to invest in Georgia Railroad
stock by practically exempting it from taxa
tion. It probably never entered the minds
of the Legislators, that the Courts would
stretch the exemption to cover the entire
property, physical and otherwise, of the cor
poration. That, however, is precisely what
they have done.
Taking the words of the exemption in a
literal sense, our vigilant Comptroller Gen
eral, Hon. William A. Wright, believed that
the State had a legal right, as well as an
equitable claim, to revenues upon all the
property of the Georgia Railroad, excepting
its capital stock. He could see no reason why
it shouldn’t contribute towards the expenses
of the State by paying a tax on its franchise
and its physical assets, — its locomotives, its
passenger coaches, its freight cars, its real
estate in the cities of Atlanta and Augusta,
its real estate along its various lines. Con
sequently, taking the word “stock” to mean
stock, and nothing more, the Comptroller
General issued his fi-fa against the Company
to collect taxes on the property of this cor
poration, just as he does on the property of
business firms, non-exempt corporations and
non-exempt private individuals. Especially
would it be equitable for the Georgia Rail
road to bear its share of the expenses of the
State, whose protection and whose patronage
enable it to make clear profits on its watered