PAGE FOURTEEN
Our Post-Card Club
*By Daddy Jim.
On May 6, we offered a complete
base-ball outfit as a prize for tJhe
best boy's letter on the subject of
“Girls,” and a gold ring set with
pearls for the best girl’s letter on
the subject of “Boys.” Letters are
just pouring in, and they are worth
reading. Next week we will award the
prizes. The winning letters may be
among those that we publish today, or
they may not appear until next week.
We shall see.
From a Texas Girl.
Boys are generally curiosities.
They’d ratlher go to a base-ball game
on Sunday in ducking rig than to Sun
day school in fine clothes. Their
thinkers are about equal to Baalam’s
mule’s. They usually join the church
their mothers belong to, and are
Democrats or Republicans because
their daddies are. As a rule they
think more of tlheir creed or party
than they do of truth or principle.
Dot tie Wood, Holland, Texas, aged
12.
From a North Carolina Boy.
Most girls are very pretty and
sweet apparently, though most of
them are very deceiving. We all
know that Adam was deceived by
Eve, nor was he the last one that has
been deceived. The gossipping girl
hasn’t an equal. She is the worst foe
to society. From time to time boys
have tried to know girls, but their
points are as numerous as a buzzsaw’s.
Walter Frederick Johnson, Grifton,
N. C., aged 10.
From a Lousiana Girl.
I think most boys have a disposi
tion to be rough, and they deserve
more sympathy. Don’t think because
be is a boy that anything is good
enough for him. If it was not for
the boys, the world would be at a
standstill. Some of our greatest men
were once rough boys. I think they
would all be good if they could see
themselves as other people see them.
Cornelia Wilks, Alexton, La., aged 14.
From a Florida Boy.
Deer Sur: Girls is funny animals,
isn’t they, I do think. They like
dolls and fiats 'and other silly things.
I have a sister like that. A lady
asked me if 1 liked girls, and I said,
“I like ’em all right, but they is
certainly funny.” When a girl
asked me, “Do you belong to Miss
Jones?” 1 told her, “Us don’t belong
to she; her don’t belong to we,” and
she laffed; I don’t know wfiy.
Lesley Stewart, Jacksonville, Fla.,
aged 12. (Leslie wrote his letter on
the typewriter very nicely and sent a
couple of little stories.—An old gentle
man asked a little boy, who was cry
ing, if he was in pain. “No,” said
the boy, “the pain’s in me. —An Eng
lishman was seeing his first game of
baseball, and got hit with the ball.
When he recovered, a. bystander re
marked: “It was only a fly.” “By
Jove, I thought it was a mule,” be
said.)
From a Georgia Girl.
I think if all boys are like my
brothers, they are awful. Sam and
John tear down my play-houses, break
my dolls, pull the cat’s tail, and
fight; and Sam atealll the cake, so I
couldn’t have a bit, and it made him
sick. My big sister just loves boys, and
says I will when I get big; but I
won’t either, because I don’t like
boys a bit. Bessie Mims, 358 Pulliam
street, Atlanta, Ga., aged 11.
From An Indiana Boy.
This letter is not on our subject,
but the little fellow has tried so hard
that I think we ought to encourage
him. His name is Seaward Cline, of
Cloverdale, Ind., and he is only 8
years old. He says: “I came down
to stay with my grandpa a while. I
like to stay down there. I help grand
pa and do all I can for him. I help to
hunt the eggs. We have 115 hen’s
eggs setting, nine duck’s eggs, and 51
turkey’s eggs.” Write again, Sea
ward.
Thinks Boys Are Useful.
Some boys are inclined to tell lies,
steal, and do many other bad
things. Others rob banks and kill
people. Boys are very useful. They
can work when they will, but most
of them dislike work. Many of
them think they have more work to
do than girls, but I don’t think they
do. ‘‘ A boy works from sun to sun,
while a girl’s work is never done.”
Delphia Wester, R. F. D. 4, Temple,
Ga., aged 13.
Sweet as Home-Made Candy.
I think girls are the sweetest
things on earth. They are as sweet as
home-made candy made out of black
mo-lass-es. Some of them are so
sweet that sugar runs out of their
mouths, like South Georgia syrup
runs out of a hole in a hogshead. A
girl kissed me once, and mama didn’t
have to sweeten my tea for a month
after that kiss; it sure was fine. War
ren House, Winder, Ga.
A Little Mother’s Letter.
Os course, boys will be boys, and
they should be treated as respectfully
as anyone, and they shouldn’t be
nagged at, or neglected. Boys should
stay at home, especially at nights.
The home Should be made as comfort
able and pleasant as possible for
them. Boys should be neat, polite,
smart and manly. Lula Mae Green,
Branford, Fla., aged 14.
Don’t Be Bossy, Girls.
Girls are not made of sugar and
spice and all things nice. I have
seen some girls that are made of
snaps and snails and puppy dog tails.
Soane think they are so nice; they are
always wanting something new. I
think girls would be all right if they
didn’t quarrel and be so bossy.
Paul E. Thomas, Bowman, Ga., aged
eight.
Patch Your Mlanners, Boys.
I think that if some boys’ manners
were as handsome as their faces, it
would be all O. K. Here is the way
they do: They will go to the saloon,
get drunk, get in their buggy, beat
their horse, and fire off their re
volvers; and then go to see the
girls. I think they bad better patch
their manners. Lillie Hardin, Grace
ville, Fla., aged 13.
Who Said Rats?
I think that a sweet girl is sweeter
than sugar, but a bad girl is sourer
than a lemon. I think lots of them 1 ,
Glje. 3&ff«rsonian
Locust Grove Institute
SUMMER SESSION begins June 15, and continues eight weeks. Instruction of
fered in Literary, Music, Expression, and Business Departments. Courses to meet
the special needs of pupils with deflclen c ie Splendid advantages for those desir
ing to “make up” work in high School grades and for those needing special coaching
nnd preparation for College entrance.
Teachers are from our regular Faculty and from Faculties of leading South
ern Colleges. Dormitories open for accommodation of both boys and girls. Board $8
to ?12.50 per Mo. For catalog and full Information address Claude Gray, President,
Locust Grove. Ga.
Sickness is ( II J
Unnecessary Mgl Mml
to demonstrate the // '
value of the telephone / I'l iW] p B
in the farm home. In ..
any emergency the tele
phone performs a func
tion which no other agency \\ JF JKb
can equal. The doctor can be
called quicker than the horse can
be hitched up. Neighbors can be summoned I
instantly. It is invaluable for the convenience and I
protection of the housewife.
(J For information and booklet ■
l about the Bell plan write I
to nearest Bell telephone I
manager or to
Farmers* Line Department
ramMr/ Southern Bell Telephone I
and Telegraph Co. I
co South Pryor Street
I ATLANTA
GEORGIA L( Ik n
■■■■bbbbbbbbbhbrbbbhbbbibbbbbbbhbbbbhi
“Heavy! Heavy! Hangs Over Your Head!”
That’s Tom Watson’s Big Stick over the head
of Foreign Missions.
The Cotton King Cottons To King Cotton
That’s Dan Sully, the Cotton King, telling the
Southern farmer how to be happy, though rich.
In Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine for June
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking: crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our he&rt is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man t We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The*
afternoon shadows are lengthening .... 0 God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price SI.M; pest age 16e.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga