Turning to the Appendix of Dr. Smith’s
book, we find that the number of these native
workers has increased to 9,444. The pamph
let from which Watson quoted referred to an
earlier year, and hence the discrepancy. Mr.
Watson was not alluding to foreign mission
aries at all, but to Chinese Protestants who
were willing to work among their 400,000,000
countrymen to evangelize ‘them. And the
rottenness of the present un-scriptural meth
ods prevailing in the foreign mission field is
shown by the fact that the Chinese workers
have to be subsidized by our home churches
before they will exert themselves to lead their
own fellow-countrymen to Christ.
Rector Craighill reminds Watson that the
Levitical law on tithing was knocked out by
the Christians some 1,800 years ago. Let him
take up that question with Bishop Bashford,
Rev. Owen Meredith Rickman, and the edi
tors of the Methodist denominational papers.
They are writing books, pamphlets and edi
torials in favor of tithing, and they are con
tending the Levitical law still binds us on the
money question. Bishop Bashford and his
reverend colleagues do not appear to know
that they are 1,857 years behind the times.
We hope that Rector Craighill will proceed
to make Bishop Bashford and Rev. Owen
Meredith Rickford feel ashamed of their ig
norance, and cease to circulate Tithing litera
ture.
As to the play upon the words “preach” and
“teach,” it is useless to comment further than
to remind the reader that when Christ used
the word teach, he himself limited its meaning
to “teaching them (all nations) to observe all
things whatsoever I have commanded you.”
The Master had taught His disciples go and
teach all nations. Teach what? The plan of
salvation, the Gospel of Christ, the divine
truth that was to save THE SOULS of men.
Rector Craighill made a feeble attempt to
produce a passage of Scripture authorizing
the modern elaboration of the mission system.
He cited the verse where Christ told His dis
ciples, on giving them His final instructions,
that those of them who had purses could take
them along, as they went forth on mission
work. The Rector must be easy to satisfy, if
that verse contents him. To give the disciples
permission to carry their own money is a very
different thing from what is now in vogue.
Throughout our Union, congregations are
regularly overhauled, pleaded with, morally
coerced, and often shamefully deceived into
giving cash, which they need for home uses,
in order that beautiful churches and acade
mies may be built for the yellow, brown and
black races of foreign lands, and in order that
free board, books, tuition, medicine and, of
ten, food and clothing may be given to the
heathen in countries that are rich, and which
are offering splendid facilities for the educa
tion of their children.
Mr. Watson believes that we are doing too
much for the heathen, and too little for our
own people, here at home. If this be treason,
the parsons can make the most of it.
In one respect, Rector Craighill’s “rush into
print” is amusing. He makes an elaborate
defense of those practices of the foreign mis
sionaries which Rev. V. P. Scoville denied
with such vehement virulence.
The parsons should get together and har
monize their testimony.
@ IS @
The Strike on the Georgia Railroad
Again, we have an illustration of how
much depends on the point of view. As long
as the managers of railroads act upon the idea
that the franchises were granted for private
purposes and that the business of common
carriers is a private affair, so long will the
day of harmonious relations between the cor
porations and the natural citizens be post
poned.
When a man like E. H. Harriman declares
□Jeffersonian,
that it is none of the people’s business how
much watered stock is issued, the spirit is the
same as that which inspired Commodore Van
derbilt’s “the public be damned.” It is the
arrogant bearing which naturally excites hos
tility. The scornful disregard of the natural
man by the law-made corporation has gone to
amazing lengths in this country, and we do
not wonder at the self-confidence with which
the managers of these powerful combinations
of capital assert their own preferences, re
gardless of what’ others may suffer.
From all that we can learn, there was no
necessity whatever for the collision between
the employers and employees on the Georgia
Railroad. Business is paralyzed, thousands
are damaged, a spirit of violence has been
aroused, and a critical situation made. And
why? Because the railroad management neg
lected the simple demands of JUSTICE.
See what happened on the Central road a
few months ago. The management decided
that expenses must be reduced. Perhaps there
was a necessity for it. Wall Street sharpers,
led first by Pat Calhoun, seized upon the old
Central, ruined the stockholders, loaded the
property with a mortgage for $16,000,000,
wrecked the road, had it sold, bought it in
and turned it over to J. P. Morgan for “re
organization.” The Central, whose original
capitalization was $7,500,000, was duly Mor
ganized, and then set to work trying to earn
dividends on a capitalization of more than
fifty million dollars. In other words, the task
of the Central management is not to earn
reasonable dividends on legitimate invest
ment, but to so tax passengers and shippers
as to get something for nothing. The Wall
Street sharpers want revenues from watered
stocks and bonds, from securities which do
not represent one dollar of honest investment.
Therefore, the Central has a big job on its
hands. Its management must manipulate
matters in such away that the sharpers who
seized the road may realize rich profits from
their rascality.
When the Central decided that expenses
must be cut, where did the management apply
the knife? Was there any reduction of that
absurd and outrageous salary of $30,000 paid
to Major J. F. Hanson? No. Any scaling
of the lavish and indefensible amounts paid
regularly to lawyers in Savannah, Macon and
Atlanta* No. Those scandalous rake-offs
were not touched at all. The common labor
ers, — they who were least able to bear it, they
who were dependent on their daily work for
the daily bread of themselves, their wives and
their children, —these were the helpless vic
tims of Major Hanson’s spasm of economy.
Was it just? No, it was not just. It was
wicked, it was heartless; and the wonder is
that the employees of the Central did not
STRIKE. They would have been justified,
and they would have had the support of every
man in this State whose soul is warmer than
his pocket-book.
On the Georgia Railroad, it is the same dis
regard of JUSTICE that has made the trou
ble. Some weeks ago we were told that the
management had adopted the policy of grad
ually supplanting white firemen with negroes.
We were told that if a white fireman was the
least bit late, or otherwise at fault, he was im
mediately discharged; whereas, a negro fire
man might be even more tardy, or more seri
ously at fault without being discharged. The
employees had also begun to notice that the
negro firemen were given the good runs, while
the bad runs fell to the whites. Because of
this favoritism, the negro firemen were en
abled to earn about SBS per month. The white
firemen, getting the less desirable runs, could
earn only about $65 per month.
Having heard this, we were not surprised
when the whites went on a strike. They
wouldn’t be worthy of the race to which they
belong if they had tamely submitted.
We hope that the time will never come
when our people will find nothing that is
worth fighting for, and dying for. Let such
a day arrive, and the world will'not be fit for
real men to live in.
Unless we are greatly mistaken, Messrs.
Scott and Brand are up against it. The cor
porations successfully used negroes to beat
down the white workmen of Colorado and Il
linois, but we don’t believe it can be done in
the South. Federal troops were rushed into
Chicago, over the heads of the State authori
ties, to help the Pullman millionaires crush
their employees, but we don’t think it would
do to bring the Yankees into the South TO
GIVE US ANOTHER TASTE OF RE
CONSTRUCTION DAYS.
We have no idea that Mr. Taft can be bul
lied by the corporations into beginning his
administration with a bloody chapter, such as
that would be.
Mr. Scott is to blame for the present situa
tion, and upon his head will rest the respon
sibility if things grow worse.
(1.) He did wrong when he adopted the
policy of giving the advantage to negro fire
men ;
(2.) He did wrong when he allowed Brand
to advertise for “nervy men” th act as guards
for the negroes;
(3.) He did wrong when he rejected the
proposal to arbitrate, here at home, with
home men;
(4.) He did wrong to put negroes back on
the engines when the strikers had agreed that
mail trains should be run.
The truth is, Mr. Scott’s point of view is
wrong and, what’s more, IT IS OUT OF
DATE. The people have had enough of this
“public-be-damned” arrogance. They don’t
intend to submit to any more of it.
Vast powers, privileges, and immunities
were granted to the corporations to act as com
mon carriers, serve the public and confer ben
efits upon society. Those franchises were not
sought or given for the sole purpose of earn
ing dividends and enriching Wall Street swin
dlers.
Mr. Scott’s refusal to arbitrate, makes him
directly responsible for the railroad’s failure
to run its trains. For this non-user of fran
chise, THE CHARTER OF THE GEOR
GIA RAILROAD IS FORFEITABLE.
(The foregoing editorial was written Sat
urday morning and mailed before the news
reached Thomson that “the strike w T as set
tled.” Whether or not the strike is, in fact,
settled remains to be seen. The action of Mr.
Scott in putting a negro fireman on the first
train which pulled out of Atlanta, after the
truce, looks very much like a deliberate de
fiance of the people, IF NOT A CHAL
LENGE. Mr. Scott would be well advised if
he took into consideration the intense passions
which his course has aroused, all along the
line of the Georgia Railroad.)
® a ®i
A Senatorial Blacklist
In the platform upon which the Democratic
party asked the support of the country last
year, there was a bold positive demand for
“the immediate repeal of the tariff duties on
timber, logs and lumber.” This plank excited
no surprise. It was consistent with the his
toric position of the party. Whenever the
platforms had spoken on the subject at all,
they had contained a demand of like charac
ter. Indeed, if there is one proposition for
which the Democratic party has appeared to
be consistent and harmonious, it was the de
mand for free raw materials.
Not a single Democratic editor, campaign
speaker, or candidate for office, last year, put
the people on notice that the demand for the
immediate repeal of the tariff duties on lum
ber, timber and logs was a shameful device to
get votes on false pretenses. With one voice,
these creators of public opinion proclaimed
tfie Denver platform as the official programme
of Democracy. The country was passionately
pleaded with to give votes to Democratic can
didates who, if elected, would do what the
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE