PAGE TWELVE
FAIRBANKS AND THE MIRACLE.
Coni nued from Page Nine)
WHERE is the negro making improve
ment? Not in his native home, —where he is,
today, the same savage that he was when Bel
shazzar sat down to his last feast, the same
that he was when Semiramis led her last ex
pedition, the same that he was when the Jews,
in captivity, sat weeping upon the Europeans,
the same that he was when the Chaldeans
mapped the stars.
It is only in those places where some supe
rior race rules him, that the negro takes on
the varnish of civilization. And the word var
nish is the correct word.
Education does not change the grain of the
wood. Scratch the varnish, and you find, not
the Celt, not the Anglo-Saxon, not the Frank,
but the negro.
The “Soul of Black Folk” was not writ
ten by a negro. No similar book ever came
from a negro’s brain.
It was the white man in Prof. Dußois that
cried out in the “Soul of Black Folk.”
Possibly one should feel proud of a civiliza
tion which evolves a Dußois, and ashamed of
political conditions which generate a Fair
banks.
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
Petitions are pouring in upon members- of
Congress asking them to pass a law establish
ing a Postal Savings bank and the Parcels
Post.
But so far, neither measure seems likely to
be considered by this Congress.
The people want both, and the Postmaster
General has recommended both, but Congress
is too busy with calling the President to task
for using the secret service for investigating
Congressmen.
The Postmaster General’s report estimated
that the establishment of the Parcels Post
would bring the government millions m reve
nue, —that it would wipe out the present def
icit of millions in the Postoffice department,
and in place of the deficit of millions there
would be a surplus of millions.
But Congress is too busy doing other things
to pass these two important measures, —meas-
ures that the people want enacted into laws
because they will be of benefit to the people
and a source of revenue to the government.
*
As will be remembered, the Democrats elect
ed their State ticket in Indiana at the last elec
tion.
CANNOT THE MOROCCAN GOV
ERNMENT COPE WITH RAI
SULI, OR IS IT IN COLLUSION
WITH HIM?
State Sanitarium, Milledgeville, Ga.,
December 25, 1908.
Editor Weekly Jeffersonian: I beg
a little space. In more than two hun
dred communications I have sent out
during the past two years and a half,
to federal and state officials, newspa
pers and individual citizens, 1 have
begged only for a hearing in the
courts of this state —a privilege guar
anteed to the meanest citizen, but
given to very few of those imprisoned
in this asylum. (There are now more
than a thousand citizens unlawfully
held here as a result of denying this
•‘inalienable” right to the citizen.
‘•Liberty hangs her head in shame
and acknowledges oppression as her
sister.”)
During- more than two and a half
years of excruciating torture iu this
living inferno, I have appealed to ev-
The majority of tie Legislature being Demo
cratic and this the year for Indiana to elect a
U. S. Senator, we expected to see Mr. Bryan’s
late running mate, John W. Kern, given the
job.
But politicians are a greedy lob, as a rule,
and Mr. Kern was not slated for a reward for
allowing Tom Taggart to make him the tail of
the Democratic ticket.
He was a strong candidate for the nomina
tion, but it went to another.
Now Mr. Kern'alleges that he was “double
crossed,” and charges that the secret ballots
which were cast by the caucus made possible
“not only betrayals, but all sorts of treachery,
double-dealing and corrupt practices.”
Mr. Kern hints tha't even Tom Taggart knew
all of this was going on and did not part his
lips to put a stop to it.
Poor Mr. Kern.
Mr. Taft has made the Southern people one
promise which, if carried out to the letter, will
mean a great deal to this section of the coun
try.
He promises to appoint men to office who
will be acceptable to the community instead
of giving the job to the professional office
holder. /
It has often been just the other way. The
man who was most unpopular has been forced
upon a community because the community
happened to differ with the Administration
politically. Many Federal officeholders in the
South are not bona fide citizens of the State in
which they hold office, and they are about as
popular as was the carpet-bagger.
But the most important thing to the South
is that it will put an end to the holding of office
by negroes.
Thousands of negroes voted for Mr. Bryan
instead of Mr. Taft, and if Mr. Taft keeps his
promise to the Southern people those who did
vote for him will be cursing Taft and the Re
publican party after Marc’ll 4.
s*
in affirming the decision of the Texas State
courts imposing a fine of $1,623,000 on the
Waters-Pierce Oil Co. (the company with
which Senator Bailey had dealings) and oust
ing it from the State for violating the Texas
Anti-Trust law, the United States Supreme
Court decided a question which is of vast im
portance to the several States.
This decision upholds the legislative and
judicial powers of a State to cure the Trust
evil and punish the offense, —even when the
corporation pleads “inter-State Commerce.”
7
en 7 official from whom I could hope
for assistance, and not one answered
an appeal. It seems that the newspa
pers of Georgia are in league with a
gang of criminals t hose sway is more
complete in this state than the ban
dit Raisuli’s in Morocco.,
This asylum, established and main
tained by the tax-payers of this state
as a public charity, is prostituted to
the uses of inhuman, unscrupulous,
heartless, conscienceless fiends incar
nate, in housing their unfortunate vic
tims, in unlawfully hiding and sup
pressing their crimes, and in protect
ing them in their criminal operations.
(I have been taught by an experience
of almost three years, during which I
have lived in it, or rather, during
which I have not died in it, that these
are the chief purposes for which the
sanitarium is operated.) And here
we have presided over these unfortu
nate, impotent, helpless, hopeless,
guiltless charges, merciless and re
morseless imps of hell in human
form, who pursue them relentlessly.
7?effersonian
day in and day out, by every mode of
imposition, humiliation, mortification,
degradation and cruel persecution
ever devised by the fertile, malevo
lent mind of the master Mephisto of
all time. x
I have seen frauds and fakes—
fakes and four-flushes; white mahat
has, and some not whiter artists,
black and otherwise; medicine men
and “high-pitch” plunderers; profes
sional pocket pilferers and “tradin’
and traffickin’” tricksters; “honka
tonk” ham-fatters and bum bambooz
lers; fly-by-nights and get-away
quicks, and many another “sieh, ” in
peregrinations from the Great White
Way to “Hell’s Half Acre.” But,
sum them all up, congregate, consoli
date, combine, multiply and add to,
in this the one grand, colossal, monu
mental, pyramidical fake of fakes,
and frauds of frauds of the entire
universe! Great God! What crimes
are committed in the name of charity!
1 never dreamed that such a thing
could exist in civilization. But,
Following the decision in the New York
gas case and the Knoxville water case which
affirms the power of the States to regulate
public service corporations, this decision affirm
ing the power of a State to curb and punish a
trading monopoly, although the Trust was
created by the powers of another State, is a
hard blow to the Trusts.
It means that a trust created in New Jersey
must conform to Texas or Georgia laws when
it goes into Texas or Georgia to do business.
This is common sense, and good law, —a
principle as old as the hills, —but a principle
hard to,beat into the heads of some judges.
The Supreme Court seems to be waking up
to the fact that the States have some rights, as
the founders of our government intended they
should have.
*
The taxpayer is to have another burden
placed upon his shoulders.
The Senate has voted to increase the salary
of the President from $50,000 to $100,000; the
Vice President from $12,000 to $15,000, and an
“Under Secretary of State” was created, with
a salary of SIO,OOO. The U. S. Supreme Court
Judges also received an increase in salary.
That part of the bill appropriating $5,000
each to the Vice President and Speaker to pay
for a carriage and horses was defeated, and
justly.
The Secretary of the Interior has asked Con
gress to appropriate $1,000,000 for the prose
cution of land frauds in the West. About
$110,000,000 worth of lands, principally in
States west of the Mississippi river, have been
fraudulently acquired during the last two
years.
What was the Department of Interior doing
while the stealing was going on ?
*
Many Senators have been elected during the
past week and several new faces will be seen
in the next Senate.
Mr. Root succeeds Platt trom New York,
Gov. Chamberlain succeeds Senator Fulton
from Oregon, Charles J. Hughes, Jr., succeeds
Senator Teller from Colorado. Geo. F. Craw
ford, of South Dakota, Wesley L. Jones, of
Washington, and M. N. Johnson, of North Da
kota, will be among the new Senators.
Secretary Root is the best known of the new
Senators, - and Platt the best known of those
retiring.
When Platt steps out, the Senate will lose
one of its most corrupt Senators, and the coun
try will gain by his passing.
enough of that. I am locked up, and
want to get out. Will some one lend
me assistance? I need it, and think
that I should have it. lam a citizen
of Georgia—unaccused of crime, va
grancy, lunacy or pauperism.
•Since April IS, 1906, when I was
kidnapped from Swainsboro, Emanuel
county (‘‘God with us!”) I have been
deprived of my liberty, prospects,
pride, property and hide, though
what I contend is a criminal conspi
racy. The officials, state and federal,
seem to have colluded with the con
spirators. What chance has a man
at the mercy of such unprincipled
hellions?
Why force a man who wants to be
a good citizen to become an anarch
ist ? If any one should interest him
self in my case enough to visit me,
do not let him be deterred by the soft
phrases and suave excuses (“formu
lae”) of the management of this in
stitution. I can be found at any time,
not only taking very fair care of my
self, but looking a little after “the