PAGE SIXTEEN
• THE RED iftlLE OF SULTAN
ABDJTL.
(Continued from Page One.)
Turks. Many of them are no longer
young. They simply represent the
best and most enlightened men of ev
ery race and creed in the Sultan’s
dominions, united in the desire to
give their land a righteous rule in
stead of a treacherous tyranny, and
ambitious to place Turkey among the
foremost nations of the earth. For
years they have carried on their agi
tation, ceaselessly, fearlessly, with
boundless self-sacrifice; and at last
the blood of their martyrs is begin
ning to bear fruit. They have forced
Abdul Hamid to promise once more
to respect the 'Constitution and to
summon a Parliament which, as in
1877-3, shall express the real will of
the Turkish nation.
For the moment, the Progressives
are in power, and the palace favor
ites are either arrested or in hiding,
waiting, perchance, till a favorable
wind blows once more on the Yildiz
Kiosk. It cannot be denied that
great dangers menace the new liberal
regime in Turkey; and what is of
even greater significance, these dan
gers may very well spread to other
more powerful lands. Abdul Hamid
is an adept at provoking, and profit
ing by, international strife and dur
ing a third of a century he has man
aged to hold his throne by playing
one European power off avainsl an
other. At first he allied himself to
Count Ignatieff and the Russian reac
tionaries, who wished, at any "ost, Io
stifle the new Turkish Parliament.
Then, after the war with Russia, Ab
dul Hamid found a friend in the as
tute Benjamin Disraeli, who suavely
demanded Cyprus as the price of his
protection. After the Armenian mas
sacres, England became profoundly
disgusted with the Turkish alliance,
which, however, still holds good in
international law; and Abdul Hamid
discovered a new supporter in Kaiser
Wilhelm. We all remember the pho
tographs of Wilhelm IL and Abdul
Hamid 11. walking arm in arm, as
dearly beloved brother sovereigns.
What Germany has to gain from this
unequal match is evident. A rapidly
increasing population, with the doors
of the New World closed to colonies
by the Monroe Doctrine, forces Ger
many to look elsewhere, for room to
expand. There are the fertile and
temperate provinces of Asia Minor,
’in the slack grasp of Abdul Hamid,
and ready to fall into the power of
the militant Teuton, if only he can
gain a foothold on the Asian main
land. Hence Germany’s scheme of a
railroad from the Bosporus to Bag
dad, traversing the coveted territory,
and hence those photos of the two
monarchs, walking so amicably arm in
arm, immediately after the Armenian
massacres. Meanwhile. England has
become more and more sympathetic
toward the liberal ideas of the Young
Turks, so that Germany and England,
already somewhat strained in Bieir re
lations, appear as the backers of the
contestants at Constantinople. Will
Abdul Hamid once more succeed,
with his iron will and boundless cun
ning, in embroiling the great Powers
o£ Europe, checkmating the A o ing
Turk party, and once more getting all
power in his still huge empire within
his own despotic hands?
But I must confess that I find ovc'i
more interesting the problem whether
the legitimate elder brother still lives
and has indeed recovered his powers
Will the Cheragan Palace give up its
prisoner, cabined, cribbed, confined
there for a third of a century, r.nd
will Murad V., white and emaci ilcd
from his long incarceration, cone
forth once more into the light of
day ?—Harper’s Weekly.
MR. HEARST’S VANITY FAIR
Chicago Evening Post (Rep.), July
29. —William Randolph Hearst’s In
dependence League has nominated its
national ticket. The party stands
squarely for private ownership—the
Mr. Hearst ownership; the platform
will receive the unanimous indorse
ment of the press —the Mr. Hearst
press, and the candidates will receive
the solid vote of- the party —Mr.
Hearst’s vote. What does it all sig
nify? Nobody. All Mr. Hearst’s
days have been red-letter days. He
has experienced another in larger
type; for Mr. Hearst capitals, for the
country agate. The Vanity Fair has
been held. Acclaim marked its clos
ing hours, but no plaster will be
shaken from the ceiling at Lincoln
nor will the porch at Cincinnati trem
ble.—‘Chicago Evening Post.
4 4 Does anybody around here make
a success of farming?”
44 Yes,” answered Farmer Corn
tassel. 44 01’ Joe Struthers does. He
sold his farm and is putting the
money out at interest among us fel
lers. ’ ’ —Washington Star.
THE LATEST FAD.
Everybody enjoys collecting Sou
venir Post Cards. The greatest diffi
culty, however, is to get cards from
certain sections of the country in
■which you are particularly interested.
This great obstacle is easily overcome,
however, by joining a Souvenir Post
Card Exchange. The Exchange sends
you a list containing the names of
' hundreds of post card collectors who
will willingly exchange Souvenir Post
Cards with you.
But best of all is the list contain
ing your name, which is sent to hun
dreds of collectors. After this list has
been mailed by the Exchange, you
should receive a perfect deluge of post
cards. Patriotic, sentimental, comic,
view’s, and, in fact, post cards illustrat
ing the interesting scenery of our glo
rious country from one end to the
other. It is not unusual for members
of the Exchange to receive beautiful
cards from China, Japan, Russia, and
other foreign countries.
Usually there is a heavy charge im
posed upon members who join these
pig Exchanges, but if any reader of
the Jeffersonian wishes to join an Ex
change, he may do so by sending his
name to Garrett Wall, manager Up-to-
Date Post Card Exchange, 227 West
Washington St., Indianapolis, Indiana,
and your name will not only be sent
to collectors all over the country, but
you will also be sent 20 beautiful post
cards, called the “American Girl” se
ries, with which to start your collec
tion.
The only condition attached to this
free membership and the 20 splendid
post cards, is that you send Mr. Wall
10 cents for a trial 3-months’ subscrip
tion to the great family .paper called
“UP-TO-DATE,” and ask for the free
membership and the 20 post cards.
Be sure and mention this paper.
‘Blje
Spectacles
AIL GIVEN *»W*Y
f| v J $ J
“ft '1 ONE PENNY.
eft’ r Just write me your name and V
a^ress an d I will mail you at once
Si I m y Free Home Eye Tester and full par-
® ■ H '‘«hl ticulars how to obtain a pair of my handsome ten karat
Spectacles without one cent of cost.
You see, I want to prove to every spectacle-wearer on earth \
that the Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision Spectacles are really 5
and truly ever so much better than any you have ever worn before i
am to give away at least one hundred-thousand pairs
of the Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision ten karat Spectacles
th o number of spectacle-wearers in ths shortest
possible time.
® Write today for my Free Home Eye Tester and ten karat
g Spectacle Offer. Address: —
1 PR ‘ HAUX SPECTACLE CO., Block 318 St. Louis, Mo.
1 ALSO WANT A FEW AGENTS /
And any person not earning at least SSO weekly should ask for my
® Special Agents Terms at once.
(War Hwctftnle lifiiaseToHlie’ Wofl/
PHINIZY &CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
hi mi r- ii ii iihiw in mu
mi <■' ifMiiHiiy—a—MWH—
The Sound of a Voice
Carries more weight than a dozen letters or telegrams.
You can give your message and receive the answer at once.
ON THE BELL TELEPHONE
BOur system of long distance lines extends to all parts of
the country. It costs but a trifle.
FOR INFORMATION CALL THE MANAGER
Southern Bell Telephone and Telegraph Co.
2
Magazines and Papers
CLUBBING RATES WITH THE TWO JEFFERSONIANS
And Weekly And Jeffer- And both
Jeffersonian sonian Mag- Jefferson
for azine for ians for
Atlanta Constitution (tri-weekly) sl.o'o $1.75 $2.50
Atlanta Georgian (daily) 4.15 4.40 5.15
American Magazine 1.60 1.85 2.60
Commoner 1.25 1.75 2.25
Cosmopolitan Magazine 1.60 1.85 2.60
Golden Age 2.10 2.35 3.10
Great Southwest 1.40 1.65 2.40
Harper’s Bazaar: 1.40 1.65 2.40
Home Magazine 1.40 1.65 2.40
Metropolitan Magazine 1.60 1.85 2.60
Missouri World 1.10 1.35 2.10
Review of Reviews 3.25 3.50 4.25
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine . . 1.40 1.65 2.40
Travel Magazine 1.40 1.65 2.40
Uncle Remus’s Magazine ..1.40 1.65 2.40
Union News 1.25 1.75 2.25
World Today 1.40 1.65 2.40