PAGE SIXTEEN
stories are touched with a lighter
hand.
Who ean say that such tales as
these will degrade us? Yet they were
the outgrowth of such efforts as little
Murphy and Aiding Tootle put forth
in the Jeffersonian. Who can say
what is the best education for you or
for me? If the child is father to the
man, then the education, which would
lead an incipient Mark Twain to honor
and success, would drag young
Darwin down to failure. You can’t
measure the poet and the tailor by the
same yard-stick.
We all like to laugh. It does us
good. We feel like superior beings
When -we laugh. Countless hearts
have been made lighter, for a time, at
least, because such men as Hood and
Clemens and Bob Burdett have worn
the cap and bells. Exaggeration is
the tap-root of their humor, and the
charge which Mr. Ethridge brought
against the Jeffersonian, in all
sincerity of purpose, falls to the
ground, unproved.
James Lanier.*
OUR AGENTS’ CONTEST.
Three weeks more will see the end
of our cash prize contest. That times
are hard, and the effects of the panic
not yet worn off, is evident from our
correspondence; but there is many a
lazy dollar lying around, waiting’ to
be picked up by the silver-throated
agent for a cracked cuckoo clock, or
a set of lead spoons, or a wheezy
harmonium; fruit-trees that won’t
fruit, or washing machines that won’t
wash; patent medicines to cure all
ills mankind is heir to, or soaps
guaranteed to wash the original sin
out of a foreign missionary. There’s
the dollar. Where’s the agent for
the Jeffersonian? Perhaps he is at
this very moment sitting down to a
five-cent tablet, wherein he will
presently write to us that times are
hard, etc. Don’t do it, Mr. Agent;
tell us something new. Get out and
hustle for that lazy dollar. Here we
offer a rifle or a shot-gun, gold ring,
watch and chain worth $25.00, and
cash prizes of $115.00. Why? Because
we want subscriptions, and because
we must have them. We can’t live
on letters from the people. The dollar
is there, and you can get it by hust
ling. Here’s a case in point. In a
little 'Georgia town there is a little
boy, who happened to see in the
Jeffersonian one day that we were
offering liberal commissions and cash
AGENTS’ PRIZE CONTEST
To the agent who sends us the largest number of subscriptions
to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, of Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
between April 8 and June 10, 1909, we will give
Ten Dollars in Cash
To the agent who sends us the second largest number of sub
scriptions, as above, we will give
Five Dollars In Cash
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows: —
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian 10 points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards ...... 5 ”
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian 5 ”
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards .. 4 ”
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian 2% ”
Three months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2 ”
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in for this prize competition. For blanks, samples, etc., apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
prizes for subscriptions. He was a
bright little fellow, and he hustled
around among his friends, and his
father’s friends, and his friends’
friends, until he made about S3O in
commissions and $5.00 in prizes, and
he made it all in six weeks, while he
was going to school. Now get out and
hustle, Mr. Agent, and don’t say any
thing more about hard times.
TO ALL SUBSCRIBERS.
We receive money orders made pay
able at
Thompson,
Thomason,
Thomaston,
Thomas,
Thomasville,
Thompsonville.
Our post office is T-H-O-M-S-O-N,
Georgia, laind all money orders should
be made payable at Thomson, Ga.
TEN DOLLARS FOR YOU.
We are offering ten dollars in cash
to the agent who sends in the most
subscribers to our Weekly or Maga
zine by June 10, 1909, and five dollars
in cash for the next largest list. Read
our offer, and apply for particulars to
the Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
Read This Book
The Cause of Our Financial Panics,
and How They May be Averted. By
S. Fourtner. Worth its weight in
gold. Price 25 cents. Address
People’s Protective Association
P. O. Box 877, SEATTLE, WASH.
CHEAP LAND.
Good, rich Oklahoma land. Good
water, healthy climate, fine crops,
timber and prairie land. For bargains
write to
F. X. Resch, Wanette, Okla.
Both men and women can make
money with us. Free admittance.
Particulars 2 ct. stamp. Texas Pros
pectors’ Association, Dallas, Texas.
sions. Kindness toward the withered
tree, whose usefulness is past, is but
right, but to provide adequately for
the proper rearing of the young is
like caring for the buds which fore
show the fine fruit of a glorious civil
ization.
‘Jeffersonian
Your First
Opportunity
THE GREATEST OFFER YET
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■Mi
Farmer, Farmers’ Union Man, or Not
THIS IS FOR YOU
WATSON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN: A political
and rational paper for the farmer who does his own
thinking and is not led by the nose by any man
living. It is absolutely fearless, and faithful to the
great body of our farmer toilers. One year....... si.oo
TRI-WEEKLY CONSTITUTION: Monday, Wednes-
day, Friday. Three times a week for one year... . i.oo
HISTORY AND TIMES OF THE FARMERS’
UNION. By President Charles S. Barrett. Just
off the press, postage prepaid. .. 1.50
1 ' $3-5°
All For Only S2.SO
The Trl-Weekly Constitution
and Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian are two of the best farm
and home papers published. The Constitution’s news and
special features and departments are all addressed especially
to the business man on the farm, the head of affairs in his
domain. It is almost a daily paper and comes right on, with
the outside world in its arms, for your reading every other
day. No farmer should deny himself the luxury of its tri
weekly greetings.
Watson's Weekly Jeffersonian
stands for the modern spirit of free and independent thought
in politics and social life. Its articles are peculiarly for the
Southern agriculturist, whose daily toil is needlessly hard
and unremunerative because of the iniquitous conditions
under which gigantic fortunes have been built at his expense.
Tom Watson, the old Alliance leader, the friend of the
Farmers’ Union, the man who made Rural Free Delivery
possible in this country, is the editor; and never did the
farmer have a more capable and a more unselfish adviser.
But, best of all, President Barrett’s book is what you
want. Here is but a brief description of it. You need the
book itself to appreciate it properly.
History and Times of the Farmers' Union
By Charles S. Barrett, National President of Farmers' Union
This book is just from the press. It is new and bright
and up to the moment. Mr. Barrett gives a complete running
history of the Farmers’ Union, from the beginnings made by
Newt Gresham, the founder, down to the present. He pre
sents the farmers’ problems, agricultural, industrial and eco
nomic, as he sees them from his vantage point, in his clear,
concise and energized style, just as he speaks. You can almost
see his smile and feel the vibrant thrill of his intense energy
as you read the pages. The book will be read with deep
interest by all, whether members of the great Farmers’ Union,
or not. It commands the attention of the whole public as
the conscientious utterance of a great leader sprung from the
body of our toilers, whose problems are urgent and involve the
prosperity of all the nation.
BOTH PAPERS FOR ONE YEAR, AND THE HIS
TORY AND TIMES OF THE FARMERS’ UNION, '
All For Only $2.50
Orders to JEFFERSONIANS, BH