LEGISLATION A REPUBLICAN SENATE
WOULD PREVENT IT.”
That argument is being used by the Asso
ciation of Southern Democrats, of New York
City. ,
What do you think of it, Mr. Voter?
When Bryanites make the point that the
Republican Senate will keep Bryan straight,
even if he should try to go wrong, what opin
ion have you of Bryanism?
What can you hope from such Bryanism?
If this Democratic use of the Republican
Senate as an argument in Bryan’s favor does
not arouse you to a sense of the hollowness of
the Bryanite talk about reforms, you are in
deed a sound political sleeper.
»» »>
National Campaign Notes.
Just as we thought that Taft made a big
mistake when he ostentatiously carried his
speech of acceptance to Roosevelt for revision,
so we think that Roosevelt has committed a
blunder by butting into the campaign. The
President of the United States compromises
the dignity of his high office when he takes a
hand in a partisan fray; and by engaging in a
controversy with the Bryan-Haskell-Foraker
Confederacy, Roosevelt creates the impression
that Taft isn’t able to take care of himself. Os
course this is bad for Taft.
The Republicans have proved that the Stand
ard Oil trust is represented on the Bryan Com
mittee by Governor Haskell; and the Demo
crats had already viewed with alarm the pres
ence of DuPont, of the Powder trust, on the
Taft Committee. For the sake of appearances,
Bryan has retired Haskell and Taft has retired
DuPont. But the people who take the dis
missal of these two trust agents as proof that
the Standard Oil Company and the Powder
trust will lose interest in the campaign are
very credulous. Standard Oil is still for Bryan;
the Powder trust is still for Taft. The Demo
cratic pot remains black, .and so does the Re
publican kettle —as heretofore.
The lesson of all this racket that has follow
ed the Standard Oil exposure is, “You mustn’t
get caught.”
Does any sane man believe that Taft did not
know of the Standard Oil contributions to
Republican Campaign funds in the past? Did
he not know how Mark Hanna got the millions
used in 1896?
And didn’t Mr. Bryan know of the $500,000,
contributed by the Sugar Trust to the Demo
cratic Campaign fund of 1892? Does not Mr.
Bryan know that his lieutenant, Dave Francis
of Missouri, is the Standard Oil man through
whom the octopus got its tentacles around Joe
Bailey ?
Why take Bryan for a child, ia polities?
L. T. Russell, editor of a Democratic paper
in Oklahoma, states that he gave Bryan a
written statement concerning Haskell’s rela
tions to the Standard Oil and other corpora
tions, a year before Bryan selected Haskell as
one of his campaign managers. Instead of
being influenced by Russell’s exposure of Has
kell. Bryan tore it up and threw the scraps
out of the car window. In other words, Bryan
wanted Haskell because he was just the man
Russell knew him to be. Bryan had been
beaten by corporation money, and he had de
cided to get some of it himself TO BEAT THE
OTHER FELLOW WITH. That’s about the
size of it.
Hardly a year has passed since Bryan an
nounced the correct principle that the Demo
crats should not place in a position of influence
any person connected with the corporations.
He instanced such a man as Roger Sullivan of
Illinois, saying that “no honest Democrat can
associate with him.”
But the burning ambition to become Presi
dent has brought Bryan down to a plane 50
Zslh 3effer«ontart
low that he aid Pat McCarren •ccupy com
mon ground. No wonder the Peerless wore
a smooth smile when he grasped the hand of
Charles Murphy, the political criminal who
heads Tammany. Bryan has sunk to the level
of “practical politics,” and he is no longer fas
tidious in the choice of men or methods.
After all, what do these Standard Oil ex
posures show that was not already known?
The foxy ways of the politicians were not un
familiar to us. When we saw Senator James
K. Jones, of Arkansas, become the “attorney”
of the octopus we felt that he was not em
ployed because of his ability as a lawyer. He
was a Democrat who knew the ropes, had in
fluence with the leading men of his party, had
the ear of every Democratic Congressman, and
therefore could be useful to the Standard Oil
gang. Hence his employment. By subsidizing
such men as Jones in the Democratic party
and Foraker in the Republican party the oc
topus gets in its work on both the Twins, after
the regular fashion of predatory corporations.
At the time the Standard Oil Company “em
ployed” ex-Senator James K. Jones, that ex
perienced politician was Chairman of the Na
tional Democratic executive committee. This
position gave him great influence with the les
ser lights of the party organization. That is
why the octopus employed him.
Then when the Standard wished to over
come the opposition of the Republican admin
istration to the efforts of the Prairie Oil & Gas
Co. to enter Oklahoma Territory, the corpora
tion sent Chairman Jones, Democrat, to co
operate with Senator Depew, Republican, in
overcoming Roosevelt’s antagonism. The
Democratic Chairman and the Republican sen
ator accomplished the purpose of the Stand
ard, and its subsidiary company, Prairie Oil
& Gas, got the license to enter the Territory.
Works both Twins —the Standard does.
That’s the way all the big corporations do.
Bryanism goes into spasms to protect the
tens of thousands who have bank accounts.
Populism broadens its sympathies to uplift
the hundreds of thousands who have no bank
accounts. The statesmanship which thinks the
country can be redeemed by a governmental
guaranty of deposits is of the shallowest.
What of the millions of toilers who have no
cash to deposit and who, under prevailing con
ditions, never will have any? What does
Bryanism offer to these destitute multitudes?
Nothing.
se
Another evidence of the humbug and hypoc
risy with which the Bryanite campaign reeks
is furnished by the disclosure of Haskell’s con
tribution of $20,000 to the campaign fund.
Didn’t Bryan pledge himself not to accept
nacre than SIO,OOO from any one person? And
did he not piteously implore the horny handed
farmers to chip in $1 apiece? And didn’t
his Finance Committee tease and pester every
Democratic editor, in the effort to turn said
editor into a hat-passer for dimes, quarters
and dollars?
The Jeffersonian knew that all this Bryanite
pretense of hard-upness was put on for effect.
We said so, time and again. It now comes out
that Governor Haskell, of Oklahoma, gave
$20,000 to the campaign fund; Moses Wetmore
—Tobacco Trust plute —jauntily belittles the
sum saying that it wasn’t enough to pay for
the cocktails they are drinking at campaign
headquarters.
In that case, the Bryanites must be using
mighty good liquor, and lots of it.
The manner in which Hearst treats his presi
dential ticket is a scandal and a shame. Why
didn’t he let the axle-grease man, Hisgen,
spring those bomb-shell letters upon a delight
ed country? Or, why didn’t he divide them
around, giving some to Thomas Hisgen and
some to our melodious friend John Temple?
Surely there was sensation enough to |p
around.
By monopolizing the limelight as he has
done, Mr. Hearst had added considerably to
the speed with which his presidential ticket
is traveling up Salt River to oblivion.
*
One reason why Haskell was selected to
be treasurer of the Bryanite Campaign fund
is that Oklahoma has no law requiring pub
licity as to contributions. With such a man
as Haskell extending an open hand to them,
the corporations which want Bryan elected
were given the opportunity to secretly finance
the campaign. But he got found out : —Haskell
did —and Bryan had to drop him, in spite of
the plea of Charles N. that it was “another
Haskell” who did things for the Octopus.
»»
In the meanwhile the Steel Trust is cheer
fully lending a helping hand to Taft, while the
Tobacco Trust manifests its confidence in
Bryan by deputizing Moses Wetmore to serve
on the Peerless One’s finance committee.
Furthermore, the Association of Southern
Democrats of New York is sending out an
urgent appeal in behalf of the Peerless, in
which appeal the business men of the country
are assured that they should not be afraid to
vote for Bryan, for, says this precious circu
lar, “if he should attempt harmful legislation
the Republican Senate would prevent it.”
»»
One Os the "Bryanite Speakers.
In New York there is an organization which
bears the name of the Cosmopolitan Club. It
is composed of white men, negro men and
white women. Its purpose is to advance the
cause of Social Equality between whites and
blacks, and to promote marriages between ne
gro men and white women.
Early in the year the Club gave a dinner at
which black men sat down to cat and drink
with white women on terms of perfect equality.
During the feast speeches were made in fa
vor of miscegenation. Glowing predictions
were made to the effect that by the intermar
riage of black men with white women the
black skin would at length be lost in Caucasian
whiteness.
The Secretary of this Cosmopolitan Club is
a negro of the name of Owen Waller. He is a
preacher and totes a title ; his full “entrimmins”
are The Reverend Doctor Owen Waller;
He is one of the Bryanite speakers in this
campaign. He is one of the negro leaders who
is urging the blacks to punish Roosevelt and
Taft. Punish them for what?
FOR TAKING SIDES? WITH THE
SOUTH ON THE RACE QUESTION AND
THE BROWNSVILLE AFFAIR.
H *
The Tlenber Conbention.
The more the people of this country learn
of the Bryanite affair which went under the
name of the National Democratic Convention,
the less they like it.
If a Republican Convention had insulted the
Southern delegations by tauntingly playing and
singing “Marching Through Georgia,” the in
dignant Democratic press would never have
let us forget or forgive the cruel affront.
If a Republican Convention had hissed and
howled down a Maryland delegate for pro
posing that the name of General Robert E. Lee
be mentioned with, honor, the whole South
would have burned with anger and resent
ment.
But because the Bryan convention did these
things, the Democratic newspapers are either
silent, or drop them as disagreeable incidents
which must be overlooked.
Directly, Mr. Bryan was not responsible for
such outbreaks of sectional hatred, but as a
professed friend of the South, to which he must
look for two-thirds of his electoral vote, he
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE