PAGE TEN
LETTERS EROM THE PEOPLE
Millen, Ga., July 15, 190 S.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: The political situation in Geor
gia has grown to be a problem. If there is a
Democratic party I don’t know where to find
it. We have Democratic conventions and
elect Democrats to office, but when they get
in office their policies are as vacillating as
the chameleon and his colors.
I w’ant to vote intelligently, but from my ob
servation of some of the candidates, I find
them Prohibition partly, Knownothings most
ly, and Idiots generally, with some Ringsters
occupying a front seat on the dash-board.
Certainly Georgia has not exhausted all her
real, pure Democratic timber. If you can en
lighten me on this subject, I shall feel under
lifelong obligation.
Most sincerely yours,
R. N. BERRIEN.
We hope that a perusal of the platform of
the Populist party as published in the Jeffer
sonian will be of help to our correspondent as
well as to other good men who want to know
where real Democratic principles are to be
found.
Norwood, Ga., August 7, 1908.
Mr. Thomas E. Watson.
Dear Friend: I received your few lines
and was glad you spoke of being with us at
our next meeting, which will be the 18th of
August. We met August 4 and organized and
we have got our committees appointed in
each district in the county and have begun
our work in your behalf. It was one of the
grandest little meetings that I ever witnessed.
If you can arrange your business to be with
us the 18th, I think you would enjoy meeting
with the boys face to face once more in old
Warren. Let me hear from you at once,
whether you can be here that day or not. A
good many of us will be in Thomson the 12th.
I wish you all the good luck. Your friend,
J. F. PERRY.
(Bully for old Warren! She has never
failed me. T. E. W.)
August 3, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: I feel a deep interest in the
cause for which the Jeffersonians stand, and
would willingly devote the remainder of my
life to it, if I could thereby provide for my
family and those depending upon me. I once
placed all I had upon its altar and lost, but
1 count my personal and pecuniary loss as
nothing when compared with the gain in the
advancement of eternal truth.
I began the publication of The Alliance
Forum in the fall of 1892 in the town of
Arcadia, La., and moved from there to West
Monroe, La., January, 1894. Ouachita par
ish w'as then a hotbed of old Bourbon democ
racy, and it was like ‘‘bearding the lion in his
den” when I set up there. Os course my
career was a short one, but I made many Pop
ulists, as was afterward proven by the elec-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
tion of A. Benoit to congress. But he was
counted out by the machine. I am anxious to
see the Pops in Louisiana begin to line Up and
get ready for the fray. But I fear we are
going to have some difficulty in procuring
recognition in this state, owing to the rule
requiring one thousand signatures to a peti
tion for recognition of men who have not par
ticipated in democratic primaries. “Once a
democrat, always a democrat,” is the demo
cratic dictum of Louisiana. Many Populists,
like myself, have participated in democratic
primaries, and, according to a recent ruling,
cannot be “one of a thousand” on that ac
count. This goes. to show that the Indian
name, “Old man afraid of his horses,” would
be a more appropriate name for the demo
cratic party in Louisiana. It is time now to
begin to move around and put things in mo
tion.
Will you kindly publish this in both of your
publications with that end in view? My pres
ent address is Lapine, La., and would be glad
to hear from some of the Old Guard in this
state. I know’ they are here, and I want them
to crawl out of their holes and hiding places
and show themselves and be ready to answer
when the roll is called.
L. W. BEARD.
Ashburn, Ga., August 6, 1908.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson.
Dear Sir and Brother: We have organized
a Tom Watson Club of Turner county, with
Dr. J. T. Dickey as chairman and myself as
secretary, and the very first pass we made
at it got twenty-five members. Each one
pledging himself not only to vote for Tom
Watson, but to do all in his pow’er to get oth
ers to vote for him. So I have been in
structed to find out from you if there w’ill be
any chance for you to give us a date in Tur
ner county. I believe w-ith you making one
speech in the county that we can carry the
county for you. So please let me hear from
you in regard to it and I will guarantee you
a good crowd.
Hoping you will carry the state, I am your
friend.
S. T. COCKRELL.
(Hurrah for Turner county! Will come, ,f
possible. T. E. W.)
H. H. Brow der, Vivian, La.:
“I am doing all I can for Tom Watson in
my part of the country. Am trying to show
the voters how 7 they have played into the
hands of the rascals for the last forty years
by voting for any old thing, ‘yellow dog,’ or
what not, that the party pleases to brand
Democrat, with the bugaboo negro dangling
as a scarecrow.”
J. T. Gardner, Buffalo, Mo.:
“Send me a copy of the Populist platform.
1 am an old Peter Cooper Greenbacker and
a few of the ‘f)]d Guard’ stil] stand around
here,”
E. F. Boyd, Tignall, Ga.:
“I feel much interest in the efforts that
you are making to advance the principles of
Jackson and Jefferson, and the long fight you
have waged in the interest of reform and
against wrong and oppression.”
L. A. Grimaud, Augusta, Ga.:
“I had the pleasure of hearing a very able
address from the champion of the People’s
party in Augusta last night. He shall have
my support and best wishes for success.”
W. H. Bresendine, Conyers, Ga.:
“I am a true believer in the principles
that you advocate in your paper.”
S. W. Love, Bagwell, Tex.:
“I am one of the old Pops that have stood
m the middle-of-the-road and have never got
ten out to help any Democrat or Republican.
I will always be found there.”
0. L. Luker, Goodwater, Ala.:
“The Jeffersonian is the only publication
that I have ever read from cover to cover.
Even the advertising pages are attractive.”
A. C. Houston, Monitor, W. Va.:
“Every Protestant preacher ought to push
you for the Presidency to save our liberties
as against Jesuitism. It is well to capture
Georgia. I think you can do it.”
J. W. Hicks, Bowdon, Ga.:
“I wrnnt to get the straight truth about
things this year and I know no other paper
to get it from.”
J. B. Enochs, Crystal Springs, Miss.:
“But my purpose in writing now is about
the Jeffersonians. Be assured that I love
them and the principles they champion, and
I never allow 7 an opportunity to say a good
word for them to pass. The reading and think
ing men of this section admit their merits,
and yours, also.”
S. J. Crow, Safety Harbor, Fla.:
“ I would like to help you in any way I can,
and if you want me to see what I can do, let
me hear from you.”
J. C. Martin, Canton, Ga.:
Av ould like for you, at some convenient
time, to address the people of Cherokee. I
was honored by being- elected a delegate to
the convention that tendered you your nomina
tion.”
B. H. Anderson, Corsicana, Tex.:
“I wish I could induce every man in this
country to become a subscriber.”
F. D. Wimberly, Cochran, Ga.:
“I want to send the Weekly Jeffersonian
for three months to 500 non-subscribers in
Pulaski county. One Democrat has agreed to
assist me in raising the money.”
Col. W. A. Huff, Macon, Ga.:
“I believe your cause is gaining strength
here day bv dav.”