gobbled il up in order to keep the poor man from
getting it, has run the price of land so high that the
young man of today can not see how he can farm,
hence so many go to towns and try to do public
woik, to do business, because they can not buy the
and to till for himself and mate. In this county
there are about 50,000 acres of land owned by a
dozen men, who have bought it up, fenced it and
put guards around it to keep people off of it, so
that land here now is worth $20.00 to $50.00 per
acre. Why? Because it has been bought up, so
that there isn’t near enough for the people. Before
these land-grabbers came to this country good land
could be bought for $3.00 to $5.00 per acre; then
the young man with but a few dollars could buy a
home for himself and mate. I know of lots of young
men who now refuse to marry, because they haven’t
a little fortune to buy that home. If no man was
allowed to own more than he can use there would
be plenty for all. It could be bought at prices that
7 or 8 cent cotton would pay for; but at the prices
now in this country, a man simply can not buy land
and pay for it out of the products that he makes
off that land. Socialism means to give each man
as you say, a home to lay his head, and to house
his wife, and nestle his children. This is right, and
the conservative Socialists are only striving for
that end. True Socialists declare for a pure home,
where wife is queen, and husband is king, and a
condition that will equalize things so that the lab
orer gets his hire. The Lord made the earth, water,
coad, oil, minerals, for his preatures. Then let
them have it, and not a few to gobble it up, and with
bayonets kill the rest that want a small piece.
Now Mr. Watson, I admire you. and have voted
for you twice, and I just feel like if you under
stood conservative Socialism as yotf wrote once,
you would be a full fledged Social Democrat. Popu
lism is Socialism modified, but it don’t go quite far
enough, so let’s cut out extremes in both, and get
together and wipe up the earth in 1312. I do not
know but this will go into the waste basket, but I
feel like it is each man’s duty ito rise up now and
unbosom himself, for the time is at hand when we
mlist either go up or go down! A few more years
and capitalism will wipe out the ballot-box. Then
we are slaves evermore. Kyle Stuart.
If the principles of Populism were enforced,
there would be none of the abuses and in
equalities of which such protestants as Mr.
Stuart denounce. These abuses are the ugly
offspring of Special Privilege, and WHEN WE
SLAY THE PARENTS THE CHILDREN
WILL QUIT COMING.
There’s where such papers as the Appeal to
Reason go wrong. They point to the terrible
consequences of misuse of governmental
powers, and they prescribe, as the remedy,
revolution instead of reform.
On this, Mr. Watson takes issue with the
Socialists. He says to them. “I agree with
you as to the abuses which exist, but I claim
that they flow from a prostitution of the
powers of government. Let the people so
use their ballots as to maintain in office repre
sentatives who will destroy Special Privilege,
and we shall have the reign of Equal and
Exact Justice that we had during the twenty
years preceding the Civil War.
Consult our oldest people, and get them to
tell you about the conditions which prevailed
in the Forties and Fifties. What they will
tell you will sound like the history of another
world. Things were altogether different then.
There were no monster corporations,—none
of these gigantic Trusts which the Socialists
do not condemn. In those days, we had no
such bloated wealth and squalid poverty as
now. No gulf separated the classes into those
who had food but no appetite, and those who
had appetites but no food. Andrew Jackson
had destroyed the national bank. There was
an ample supply of currency. John C. Cal
houn had whipped Henry Clay and Daniel
Webster on the Tariff, and the damnable Pro
tective principle had been driven out. We
had no jugglings with bonds; and the expenses
of the Government did not exceed two dollars
per capita.
The Civil War changed all that. Congress
passed another national bank law. Also the
law which put the black eye on Greenbacks.
Clje 3cffer«onlan
The Morrill war tariff put the Protective
principle at work, once more, and every other
industry had to be taxed to enrich New Eng
land manufacturers. The Government began
to burn up the paper money, and tremen
dously decrease the supply of currency at the
very time when the demand for it tremen
dously increased. Prices went down, down,
DOWN. Money was harder to get,—there
being in circulation so much less of it from
year to year. Debts devoured most of a man’s
cotton, corn, wheat, tobacco, land and labor.
I'o get a dollar he had to give more of his
stuff, and after he got it, it went no further
in freeing the man from debt, taxes, interest
and fixed charges than it did when he had to
give less to get it.
Thus the Capitalist became our lord and
master. His conquering legions were unjust
laws; and he drew the sources of his power
from you, because your representatives voted
the laws which violated the principles of Equal
and Exact Justice.
Now, Mr. Watson's idea is that we have
had an illustration of the fact that genuine
democracy CAN make a country prosperous
and happy. We know that the principles of
Jefferson can give us good government, FOR
WE HAVE SEEN THEM DO IT. Why
not try the same medicine, again?
Jefferson and his school had to make a de
termined fight before they could overthrow
the Special Privilege which had got its grip
upon the young republic under Hamilton’s
management and the administration of the
elder Adams. But Mr. Jefferson organized
the masses, led them in peaceful array against
“Capitalism,” and gained a glorious victory.
What has been done once, can be done again.
Mr. Watson has a profound confidence in
democracy. It recognizes the individual, ap
peals to each to make the utmost out of him
self, and, in order that strength may be de
veloped, encourages legitimate competition
which is restrained by wise laws from becom
ing the bludgeon with which the strong beat
down the weak. To each individual, dem
ocracy would leave the utmost measure of
personal freedom, letting each do as he pleases,
so long as he does no wrong to anybody else,
and violates none of the rules which have been
adopted for the good order, peace and dignity
of the State. Democracy would keep open the
wide doors of opportunity so that each could
get a fair start in the race of life. Regarding
the individual as the source of political power,
it regards the home as the fountain of pa
triotism.
Some traits are born in us, and they can not
be eradicated or stifled, or permanently sub
dued. Love of our individual selves and the
wish to have our own way, is one of them. No
man can wear my hat with comfort; no other
man’s hat can I wear with comfort. Nay,
more, —I can not adjust his hat to his head,
and he can not adjust mine to mine. Each
must do that for himself. However obscure
you are, and however poor, you would not
change your name for that of any other man.
Is it not So? We very much doubt whether
there is any man on this earth, however hum
ble, who would be willing to give up his
identity for that of another man.
Which of you, having in your arms the one
woman that you love, and having around you
the children which have blessed the home, and
having an environment to which you have
grown attached, would swap it all for the
millions of Rockefeller? No one would. Why?
Because of the elemental individualism that’s
in you.
“I’m as good a man as anybody,” says the
typical Caucasian. And in that proud 1 , self
assertive, self-reliant declaration we have the
acorn of democracy.
The thing which makes you love your home
so tenderly, and which inspires you to cling
to it and fight tor it so passionately, is the same
principle manifested in another way.
Believing in democracy, in the necessity of
stimulating individual effort with individual
reward, and in the home, as the ark of the
covenant to civilization, Mr. Watson combats
Socialism because it’s remedy is wrong.
(1) It can not appeal to history and prove
that it has ever been anything but a heart
breaking failure.
(2) It socializes the product of labor and
thus withdraws the reward to individual ef
fort. It gives to society what the laborer
produces, whereas democracy proposes to en
courage each by giving to each what each
produces.
(3) gives to society the direction of the
industry of each citizen, thus establishing a
despotism under which there can be no true
liberty for the individual.
(4) It would deprive the race of the splen
did results which have come from allowing
free play to individual initiative.
(5) It would substitute the State for the
family, depriving the head of the family of his
authority, at the same time that it relieved
him of his responsibilities. Hence the family,
as we know it, would disappear, and the home
would have nothing to rest on.
(6) It would replace marriage and divorce,
with Free Love and promiscuity. This state
ment will be hotly denied. American teachers
of Socialism have had to repudiate this part
of their programme, just as they have been
forced to pretend to concede to the individual
ism the private ownership of his home. But
home life, as we know it, and monogamy, as
we practice it, are antagonistic to Socialism,
as we shall show hereafter. This article has
already grown too long, and we will continue
it “in our next.”
* M M
Can One Nation Teach Another The
Art of Self-Gobernment.
Does the history of the world show an
instance of one nation teaching another the
art of governing itself?
No. The records will be searched in vain
for such a precedent.
The capacity to govern is an evolutionary
PROCESS. It must come from within. We
can not inoculate other nations with the virus
of self-government. Disease is catching, and
the infected person can desolate a province
by scattering the plague. But health is not
communicable. We may have perfect health
ourselves, but we can not give it ito anybody.
So it is, in some degree, with government.
We may pollute the manners and morals of
black men, brown men, red men and yellow
men with our national vices, for they are in
fectious ; but we can not impart our national
virtues to oither races, because these are not
“catching.”
Negroes may imitate the whites, in manners
and morals, but when the negroes are sepa
rated from the whites, niggerism asserts itself
almost immediately, and we see a Liberia, or
a Hayti, sinking to the bottomless jtit of social
and political degradation.
Yet our “world-mission” statesmen have
committed the United States to a most ambi
tious and expensive policy of teaching other
nations the gentle art of self-government.
We are tutoring the Filipinos, the Porto-
Ricans, the Cubans and the Haytians. We
are told that these inferior people are going to
learn from us, how to govern themselves.
Never in the world.
Self-government, like poetry, music and elo
quence, has Ito come from within.. Civilization
is the outward dress worn by the ideals of a
people, and it can no more be taught from
without than a bird can be taught to soar and
sing.
PAGE THIRTEEN