" • w
add materially to the size of our immense
Merchant Marine, when there are at least
75,000 vessels, besides our own, already en
gaged in the business?
It is sheer nonsense to talk of such a thing.
No one who has studied the case believes for
a moment that so vast a commerce will feel
the effect of a subsidy less than $25,000,000
to $50,000,000 a year. By the passage of the
pending bill, the-'tew ship-owners who pocket
your money will be benefited: nobody else
will.
Men and Brethren I We Must Or
ganize Against the Heathenites!
Suppose we sit still, saying nothing, while
the men and women who have got heathen
on the brain carry away into foreign coun
tries millions upon millions of dollars every
year, for the next hundred years, what sort
of fix will our own people be left in?
With the rich Niggerites of the North pour
ing their wealth into the South to establish
Social Equality, as well as to educate and in
dustrially train the blacks, while we Southern
whites, neglecting our own boys and girls, go
into foreign countries to uplift the poor and
ignorant there, what’s to become of the South,
fifty years from now?
Can t you see danger ahead? This mis
sionary mania is growing more violent. Its
demands are constantly increasing. The
more you feed it, the bigger it will grow.
Study the official Reports of your Associa
tions and your Conferences, and see how
much dearer to the hearts of the churches are
Foreign than Home Missions. Those reports
are awful. Read between the lines, they
mean the neglect of our own destitute and il
literate people. Every million of dollars
sent abroad, to give homes and training
schools and boarding schools and free literary
and musical education of foreigners, means
that much cruel and unnatural neglect of our
own children.
When I first charged that all these things
were being done for the heathen, the mission
aries denied it. Don’t you remember that?
Don’t you recollect how the Scovilles and the
Lovetts and the Archibalds called me hard
names, and said I was a liar? Os course you
do.
But, after ah the disgraceful facts were ex
posed, the missionary dentist, missionary doc
tor, free medicines, free trained nurses, free
medical treatment, free surgical operations in
free hospitals, free schooling and free board
and lodging—what did they then do? Threw
a “somerset”, and said that the Bible com
manded it!
Shame, Shame, SHAME I
No wonder the heathenite papers won’t let
me lay the facts before their deluded read
ers. They dare not let the congregations
know the truth. And I’m sorry to say, that
there are some church-goers who don’t seem
to want to hear anything excepting what the
heathenites say.
Men and Brethren! We must organize
against the mission-crazed organizations. We
must make a systematic fight for home and
native land, for the sick, the poor, the ig
norant of our own country. While the
heathenites rave over the black, brown and
yellow children of the Catholic and Pagan
world, let us take concert of action in behalf
of our white boys and girls— who need and
don't get what we lavish on foreign children.
Form Jeffersonian Clubs, everywhere. Let
these serve as Home Mission Leagues. Get
the facts before the people. Point out that
this growing mania for the foreigners is a
terrible menace to our own future.
Every one of you can help. Make yourself
a missionary to your own flesh and blood.
Make yourself the champion of the great
white race, here in the United States. Help
us check and then stamp out, this unscrip
tural, unnatural, unpatriotic method of con
ducting Foreign Missions.
©be *3efftrsonlan
Who Furnished the Toleration ?
Did you read of that insult which the
Pappy at Rome gave to our ex-Vice-Presi
dent Fairbanks?
The facts are, that Fairbanks had three en
gagements: one to call on the King of Italy;
another to pay his respects to Pappy; and a
third to make a nice, wishy-washy, oh-be
joyful speech in the Methodist Church.
It seems that when the Pope cordially
agreed to receive our lengthy and suave ex-
V.-P., it was not known that the Methodists
were down on the list for the next perform
ance. Upon learning this program, Pappy
immediately cancelled his engagement with
our former Vice-President, doing so upon the
ground that he, Papa, could not give the
Methodists of Rome such an indorsement as
the reception of Fairbanks, under the cir
cumstances, would imply.
It seems that the Catholics of Italy and of
the United States are extremely bitter against
the Methodists, because of their proselyting
proclivities in Rome. Archbishop Ireland
has dropped some redhot words on the sub
ject, since Pappy snubbed Fairbanks. Broth
er Ireland snorts that the Methodists have
taken advantage of “the poverty of the poor”,
in the Holy City, to win over some of the
Catholics who prefer Methodism and rations
to Catholicism and empty bellies.
Mind you! I ain’t sayin’ a word myself:
am just giving you the substance of what
Brother Ireland meant.
The incident shows you how utterly an
tagonistic are toleration and Roman Cathol
icism. Wherever this religion is in the as
cendant, it persecutes. There never.has been,
there is not now, and there never will be an
exception to the rule.
Read the following, taken from one of the
denominational papers:
“Exhibitions of fanatical intolerance smacking
more of the Middle Ages than of this century
have recently marked the work of some of the
American Bible Society colporteurs in the South
west. A recent letter to Rev. Glenn Flinn from
Mr. John Kratz, working among the Poles of
Texas says that it has become dangerous for him
to go into certain sections; and on a recent visit
of Mr. Jean Chauvie, working among the French
below New Orleans, threats were made to burn
both him and his books.”
The Catholics tolerate toleration where
they get the benefit of it —not anywhere else.
The Growth of the “Primitive
Baptist ”
Some months ago, I happened to see an
open copy of this weekly paper, on the table
to which our exchanges come. I was feeling
sore because of the mean treatment of The
Christian Index, The Wesleyan Christian
Advocate, the Nashville Christian Advocate,
and sundry other so-called Christian papers;
and I had a curiosity to see whether Thr
Primitive Baptist -was as unfair, hide-bound,
arrogant and abusive as the papers run by
missionary fanatics.
So I read the little weekly with some care.
It was at that time small and unimpressi’Ve
in size.
To my agreeable surprise. I found that the
whole build and spirit of the paper was up
to my ideal of a Christian paper. There was
nowhere to be found such virulent attacks on
people as Dr. Lovett and other “religious”
editors of his variety seem so eager to pub
lish. There were no Towson-Scoville-Archi
bald-Cleckler tirades of slanderous abuse.
The tone of the paper was one of sincere
piety, earnest interest in humanity, brotherly
love and a zeal for right.
It is a pleasure, a very great pleasure, to
witness the growth of this journal. It now
has sixteen pages, is of the same size as The
Jeff; has a Southern Department edited
from Macon, Georgia, and a South-Western
Department, edited from Dublin, Texas. The
home-office of the paper is Martin, Tennes
see. Its price is $1.25 a year.
In choosing your religious reading, you
might give The Primitive Baptist a trial,
even though you are not of that faith and
order. You’ll get some really religious lit
erature. if you do.
Editorial Notes by J. D. Watson
It seems that Senator Elkins, of West Vir
ginia, has won a big victory over the Aldrich
gang in the Senate by threatening to join the
insurgents if the inquiry into the increased
cost of living was whitewashed.
By this fight, Mr. Elkins has made his reso
lution the basis of the inquiry, and the com
mittee is specifically instructed to determine
whether “by tariff or other legislation of Con
gress” the cost of living has been increased
and it is proved that special attention shall
be given to the subject of wages, salaries and
earnings, and whether the increase in them
has kept pace with the increase of the cost of
living. The committee is further ordered to
give special attention to the increased prices
of such articles as meat, grain, provisions,
cotton, wool, clothing, rents, lumber, coal,
iron, oil, brick and cement.
The investigation must show what the
above articles cost the producer, the whole
saler or jobber, the retailer and consumer in
1900, and what they are costing each now.
It must show if the increase all along the
line is uniform or too much in some instances.
It must be shown whether such articles have
been increased in price by reason of the in
creased production of gold throughout the
world and the expansion of the currency in
the United States or by tariff or other legis
, lation of Congress, or by any monopoly, com
bination or conspiracy to control, regulate or
restrain interstate or foreign commerce in the
supply, distribution or sale of such articles.
If Mr. Elkins will see that this committee
does its work as instructed, we will learn
many interesting things before the present
session of Congress comes to an end.
We will learn that we have to pay as much
tariff on a piece of goods that is nine-tenths
cotton and one-tenth wool as we have to pay
on a piece of the very finest all-wool of the
same weight.
We will learn how the Leather Trust can
bring in free hides from a foreign country to
make leather, and we will learn that a pro
hibitive tariff prevents the foreigner from
bringing in his leather or leather goods to
compete with the trust.
We will understand how Rockefeller makes
bis millions on oil, when it is explained to us
that he can buy cheap crude petroleum
abroad and bring it here to be refined, just
as we will understand why the tariff prevents
the foreigner from selling his finished prod
uct in this country.
We may be able to understand how the
Steel Trust can lay down railroad supplies
in far away Manchuria cheaper than the
English steel-works can.
And we may be able to understand why
the International Harvester Company can
sell harvesting machines in foreign lands for
little more than one-half what they charge in
the State where the machine is manufactured.
❖ *
Now that the investigation into the high
cost of living seems about to begin, you may
be of much help to your Congressman by giv
ing him a few facts to use in making out your
case.
Each farmer can easily tell just about
what it cost him to make a bale of cotton in
1900, just how much he received for the same,
and what the different necessities of life cost
him that year.
Each farmer can tell exactly what he re
ceived for his products in 1909, and what the
different articles above mentioned cost. Many
PAGE THIRTEEN