are comparatively a mere handful, after count
ing “rice” Christians, “arrack” Christians,
“subsidy” Christians, and all.
Query: If it required Cyoo years and huge
expenditures of money to “convert” one per
cent of India’s population, how many cen
turies and how much money will it cost to
round up the other 99 per cent?
Could we not invest the labor and the dol
lars to better advantage among the 200 moun
tain counties of the Southern States, WHERE
TWO AND A HALF MILLIONS OF
AMERICAN WHITE PEOPLE ARE
CROWDED IN ONE-ROOM LOG HUTS,
WRETCHEDLY POOR, DENSELY IG
NORANT AND UTTERLY IRRE
LIGIOUS? (See picture.)
The amusing Parson quotes Sir Andrew
braser who says that “Christianity is taking
hold,” in Hindustan and who wants the good
work to go on.
After 600 years, and unnumbered treasures
spent, Christianity is only “taking hold” ! ! !
Sir Andrew, an Englishman, many years
Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal, would hate
to see us quit sending wealth to India. And
why? We give it to the Hindus, and the Hin
dus pass it on to the English. Why? They
have to. Sooner or later, the dollars we send
to India find their way into English pockets.
The more we ♦do for England's India, the
oftener England will pat us on the back and
say, “keep it up.”
Against the testimony (such as it is), of
Sir Andrew Fraser we put that of S. Bowen,
editor of the Bombay Guardian:—
“Is it not a fact that Christianity is now at
tempting the conquest of the world by her
money? Does any one doubt our assertion?
The proof is easy. Take away the money
foundation, and the money cement which
binds the building together, and the fabric of
Indian indigenous Christianity will almost en
tirely disappear. NO ONE KNOWS THIS
BETTER THAN THE MISSIONARIES
WHO READ THIS PAPER. The system
of paid evangelists is an anomaly as fatal as
it is indefensible. We hail the decrease of
Foreign Mission income as the first dawn of
hope for the Christianization of India.”
❖ * *
Our readers will doubtless remember that
Parson Scoville cited Mr. Watson to certain
passages of the Scripture, and that he straight
way looked them up. They left the Parson in
a laughable fix. He now shies off from those,
and mentions another.
Well, let us get the Bible, and accommo
date the Parson again. Politeness pays, and
the obliging spirit (s often its own reward.
Besides, in this case, it is as good away as
we can think of to show Parson Scoville that
however “decadent” the old man may have
become, he is not “disgruntled.”
This time, we are told to read Luke, Chap.
22, verses 35, 36.
Well, here they are:
“(35) And he said unto them, When I sent
you without purse and scrip and shoes, lacked
ye anything? And they said, Nothing.
“(36) Then said he unto them, But now,
he that hath a purse, let him take it, and like
wise his scrip; and he that hath no sword, let
him sell his garment and buy one.”
Then, it is related that the disciples said,
“Here are two swords,” and Jesus replied,
“It is enough.”
Now, if this passage in the Bible lifts Sco
ville out of the hole, we fail to see it.
A Common-sense interpretation is this, —
“You were first sent out in my name to do
my work, and you were commanded not to
take your purse, or scrip, or shoes. Your
faith was justified, for the people among
whom you labored allowed* 1 you to lack for
nothing. Now, however, it is different. IF
you have a purse, you may take it with you.
IF you have shoes, wear them.”
©bfc Jeffersonian
That is all. Absolutely, that is all.
“He that hath a purse, let him take it,” as
he goes upon his mission.
Is it not perfectly plain? Where does Par
son Scoville find in that Scripture the slightest
authority for taking up a collection?
Christ did not tell his disciples to beg some
outsider for his purse. Oh, no. He merely
said in effect, “Although you may have had
purses when I sent you out before, you were
commanded not to take them with you. Now,
however, those of you who have purses are
given my permission to keep them with you
as you travel.”
That’s all there is to it. Any other passages
you want the old man to look up, Scoville?
* ► H
Attorney-General Hart and the Candler
Appointment.
Our friend Judge Hart has given his opinion
in the matter of Hon. Murphy Candler's ap
pointment to the Railroad Commission. After
stating that Mr. Candler was elected to the
Legislature in October, 1906, re-elected in
October, 1908, and appointed a member of the
Commission in March, 1909, before he had
qualified under his second election, the At
torney-General holds that Mr. Candler was
clearly eligible to the appointment made in
March.
After a careful re-examination of various
Code sections, and of the Constitution, we
have come to the same conclusion.
A familiar section of the Code sweepingly
provides that “all officers of the State,” after
having been duly qualified, shall hold their
offices until their successors are qualified. We
think however, that the constitutional clause
quoted by Judge Hart does make an excep
tion in the case of a member of the Legis
lature.
If this apparent conflict in the law arose out
of two statutes, we would say that they must
be construed together and that Mr. Candler,
qualified under his election in 1906, was hold
ing over until he qualified under the election
of 1908. But it isn’t a case of two varying
statutes. The Constitution is here at variance
with the statute, and the latter must yield.
The general scheme of government —county,
state and federal —is that there shall always
be in office, a person qualified to discharge
its duties.
Nature abhors a vacuum and so do govern
mental corporations. Hence, the Constitu
tion thrusts upon the Governor, with all the
force of the word “shall,” the duty of filling
vacancies; and the Code exerts its utmost
power to prevent vacancies, by providing that
the qualified officer must “hold his base.” until
his qualified successor takes his place. This
principle, profoundly important, applies from
the lowest office to the highest. It is neces
sary to the life and proper conduct of county
government, State government and National
government. Everywhere is the motto. “Al
low no vacancy! Suffer no interregnum!”
Everywhere is the practice of filling the
vacancy at the earliest possible moment, and
of holding the qualified officer in his office
until his successor qualifies and takes charge.
But we agree with Attorney-General Hart
that Article 3, Section 4, paragraph 1, of the
Constitution does leave the office of State
Legislator without a qualified officer, for eight
months, unless an extra session is called.
We think the situation anomalous and dan
gerous. It would be well for the Legislature
to deal with it, making the disqualification of
the legislator date from the time of his elec
tion ; or requiring members to take the oath
of office immediately after the election.
One of the.evils feared was that the mem
ber-elect of the Legislature might use his
office as a leverage for something better, and
the disqualification was meant to put him
beyond the reach of temptation.
If the inhibition had been for no other pur
pose than that stated by Attorney-General
Hart the forbidden fruit would have been
limited to those offices created by the Legisla
ture of which that appointee was a member.
A limitation of that sort would have met all
the requirements, had the evil aimed at been
nothing more than Judge Hart specifies. But
the wise men who framed our highest law
broadly forbade the Governor to appoint the
legislator “to any office or appointment hav
ing any emolument annexed thereto.”
How could words be made more compre
hensive ?
Mr. Candler’s appointment to the Railroad
Commission is not in violation of the letter of
the law, but it is clearly antagonistic to the
spirit both of the Code and the Constitution.
"Brother Tyson Still Unhappy.
Our friend of the Forrest Blade is deter
mined to cross his fingers and thus say
“Scissors!” to the last. Well, we can't help
it We've labored conscientiously with Sol,
but we begin to fear that he is a hard case.
Solomon thinks that because’ Watson was
for Hoke in 1906, and against him in 1908,
that Watson flopped. That does not follow.
Maybe Hoke did the flopping. He had had to
flop like blazes to get on the Pope Brown
platform that was made at Watson’s house.
\\ atson helped to make that platform, and
when Hoke persuaded Pope to get off, so that
he, the big and the beautiful, could get on,
W atson finally decided to support him because
of the platform.
Salomon perseveres in taking no proper
notice of this “pint.”
Notice it more, Sol.
Who is it that has made the reputation of
a Hopper? Is it Watson? Hasn't he stood by
his principles for twenty years, in a hopeless
minority, politically outlawed, and sometimes
socially ostracized? Has he been making any
sudden changes of position to get an office,
as Hoke did in 1906?
Watson had no personal axe to grind in
supporting Pope, or Hoke. He asked nothing
of either. Ide certainly got nothing and ex
pected nothing.
Magnanimously and without a shade of jeal
ousy, he gave Hoke unstinted praise as long
as he deserved it. But when the reform gov
ernor began to lay pipe for the Senate, in
1907, proposing to .leave the reformers in the
lurch, their work unfinished and their prom
ises unkept, does Solomon see no flop on
Hoke’s part? Was it right to leave the work
half-done, and use the governorship as a step
ping-stone to the Senate before he had served
out his first term?
There's where Hoke and Watson parted
company. When the Governor went to Tel
fair county, in November, 1907, and made that
speech absolving from censure the legislature
which had killed our reform measures, Wat
son condemned the Governor immediately.
During November and December, 1907, the
Weekly Jeffersonian, was a stern critic of
Hoke’s change of front, as our old subscribers
well know.
Why did Hoke change front, slow down as
a reformer, and give a clean bill of health to
the Legislature which had done so badly?
He had previously declared in his Warren
ton speech that he meant to carry the war into
the counties and districts of the Representa
tives and Senators who had defeated our pet
measures. Watson believed that Tie would.
But Smith broke his word. Instead of de
nouncing these men, he took occasion at Mc-
Rae to tell the whole world that he had “no
adverse criticism to place on the Legislature”
which had blocked our reforms.
If this wasn't a flop, what was it, Solomon?
Our neighbor says that Watson ought to
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE