PAGE TWO
A TRINITY OF TAFT’S CABINETEERS
MMEDIATELY upon Taft’s
selection of his Cabinet
there were brief biographies
of all these high ones in the
magazines and papers, showering
tributes and praise upon all the se
lected ones for their legal ability and
for their statesmanship, as well as
upon their high-crowned chief for his
selective ability. All of us were
prone to sit back with a sigh of ease
because of the great talent of the
disinterested ones who were to watch
over and control the destinies of our
nation during the next four years.
Had our enthusiastic biographers
only waited for a few events to trans
pire, which have transpired during
the last several months, doubtless
tributes would not have been quite so
glowing, and our sigh of ease is all
to no end.
We have had many years with Taft
before us. But how the real Taft has
kept himself hid, until after he was
elected President is too great a prob
lem for us to solve now. Taft is a
genius, in that he kept himself be
fore us yet kept himself hid. When
the crucial time came, the selection
of his Cabinet, advisors, and men
who were to influence him, the com
pany he then sought revealed the
tenets of the man.
Some one says if you know a man’s
friends, the company he keeps, you
have a very complete index to the
man. Ask a man who would be his
Cabineteers if he were President,
then you know what kind of a Presi
dent he will make, in the main.
Recently, as well as with the pass
ing of the last few years, prices of
living have been steadily marching
skyward, and in view of the fact that
there has been no great decrease in
production we are led to ask: From
whence come our high prices on food
stuffs and living expenses?
Some of the fault may be found
with the railroads, their high prices
for carriage, and with all big corpo
rations who have men in our Gov
ernment working for advantages for
the corporations. Not that all in
creases have come from this source,
but a large part of it may have. An
examination might show us whether
these greedy corporations have any
sympathizers high up in our Govern
ment or not, and whether they can
influence the prices of living, or not.
Not for this chiefly do we here in
vestigate Mr. Taft’s associates in the
Cabinet, but simply to know the
character of the men, which seems
amply to have been shown during the
last few months—more especially with
three of the leading ones.
Mr. Philander C. Knox is the near
est of the associates to the top. A
knowledge of how he first went into
public life may suffice to show whose
interests he sympathizes with. When
the venerable Senator from Pennsyl
vania, Mr. Quay, died, some very
prominent officials, we are told, of
the Pennsylvania Railroad Company
met in the office of the company at
Philadelphia to decide who his, Mr.
Quay’s, successor should be. These
officials of the company, among whom
was the Philadelphia boss, Cassatt,
had previously arranged for a meet
ing with Governor Pennypacker just
after the meeting. The following day
Knox, who had been the Pennsylva
nia railroad’s lawyer during all his
legal career, was handed credentials
entitling him to a seat in the United
States Senate. The railroad com
pany needed a most able attorney in
the United States Senate to look
after their interests, as well as up in
Pennsylvania in the railroad office.
So much by the way of Knox’s ap
pointment.- Another incident in the
Knox career shows the kind of man
he is.
A man, Crane, from Chicago was
appointed minister to China. Now,
all the records go to show that Crane
was a clean and honest man, despite
the fact that he is a millionaire. He
now, many years in travel
in China, and in foreign countries,
knows the Chinese language, and by
all means is a well-fitted man for the
post. The President is remembered
to have spoken of him in the highest
of terms. Crane accepted, thinking
he understood conditions, and could
do a work there, and went to Wash
ington for instructions and orders.
No instruction was given, but or
ders to proceed to San Francisco were
given. He proceeded to San Fran
cisco on his way to China. But on a
certain Friday, a representative of
the Morgan and Hill moneyed inter
ests visited Mr. Knox at Valley Forge.
The fact is known that Morgan is en
terprising a railroad scheme in China,
and he would prefer a man there as
>a representative who would do the
Morgan bidding, which Crane, it is
supposed, would not do. Any way,
after the visit of the Morgan man,
Crane’s scalp was taken, he was re
called, at San Francisco from his
mission on the flimsy pretext that he
had said something in a speech which
invalidated him as a representative
to China. An examination showed
that he had simply repeated what
Taft had said in his September
speeches on the subject of our rela
tions to Japan and China. Taft had
the opportunity of his life to stand
by a wronged man, even though it
would create a confusion in the Cabi
net household. So much to show
that Knox was given birth to public
life by the railroads, and to show that
up to November, 1909, he is still
true to his clients and doing the bid
ding of the moneyed interests. So
much to show that one branch of the
corporations have a man in the Cabi
net to look after their interests.
Mr. Wickersham is our Attorney-
General, and in that capacity, he is
to keep a sharp eye on those who
commit offences against Uncle Sam
and the people and prosecute them.
It is well known to all that law vio
lations by the Sugar Trust have been
of an immense quantity the last few
years, and haven’t ceased yet—no, by
no means.
During all the years prosecutions
have been urged against the Sugar
Trust by Attorney-General Bona
parte, under Roosevelt. The Sugar
Trust has had as a defense the law
firm of Strong & Cadwalader, of the
city of New York. Two members of
this big law firm during recent years
have been one Henry P. Taft, brother
to our President, and one George W.
Cfce 3ftff«r«onian
By ORMAN HEADLEY
Wickersham. Well, when W. H.
Taft was elected President his broth
er, Henry P., recommended his law
partner, George W. Wickersham, one
time defender of the Sugar Trust, for
Attorney-General. So Taffey agreed
and Wickersham was appointed, and
now we have it. Wickersham, who
was formerly a member, with Henry
P. Taft, of the law firm to defend the
Sugar Trust against the indictments
of the Government is now Attorney-
General, whose duty it is to prosecute
the Sugar Trust. Needless to add
that the Sugar Trust laughs gleefully
and rests easily when one of their
own men, a former member of their
own law firm, is Attorney-General to
prosecute them. The Trust’s interest
will be taken care of, and you will
continue to pay high prices for sugar.
So much for another member of
the Cabinet and for another branch
of the corporation’s interests being
served in the Cabinet.
Mr. Ballinger, another member of
the Cabinet, Secretary of the Inte
rior, is accused of being the “Official
arbiter in what is believed to be the
most colossal of mineral and land
grabs.” The story back of this is
lengthy, but here it will be con
densed.
In Alaska there are hundreds of
thousands of acres of rich mineral
and coal lands. This land belongs
by purchase to the Government of
the United States, and can be secured
from the Government by entry in
small tracts—no one man entitled to
more than so much. Now, there are
two families of multi-millionaires—
the Cunninghams and the Guggen
heims—who have been for years try
ing to gobble up these lands, —get
many times more than their share,
by illegal and fraudulent methods.
Richard Ballinger, strange to say,
was once an attorney and legal ad-
(Jetihjs Gqm tofiuj
z ••’ niivA
/ —~~ DON’T SEND ME ONE CENT \
B when you answer this announcement, as I am going to distribute at least \
B one-hundred-thousand sets of the Dr. Haux famous “ Perfect Vision” >
B Spectacles to genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearers, in the next few ■
B weeks—- on one easy, simple condition. B
B 1 want you to thoroughly try them on your own eyes, no B
I matter how weak they may be; read the finest print in your bible with I
I them on, thread the smallest eyed needle you can get hold of and put I
I them to any test you like in your own home as long as you please.
■ Then after you have become absolutely and positively convinced I
■ that they are really and truly the softest, clearest and best-fitting glasses I
■ you have ever had on your eyes and if they honestly make you see just I
Bas well as you ever did in your younger days, you can keep the ■
■ pair forever without a cent of pay if you accept my special B
B extraordinary advertising proposition, and B
\ J UST DO ME A GOOD TUR N /
% by showing them around to your neighbors and friends and speak a good B
■ word for them everywhere, at every opporiunity. B
% Won’t you help me introduce the wonderful Dr. Haux “Perfect Z
% Vision” Spectacles in your locality on one easy, simple condition? Z
V If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearer (no children Z
X need apply) and want to do me this favor, write ma at once and Z
X just say: “Dear Doctor: —Mail me your Perfect Home Eye Z
la Tester, absolutely free of charge, also full particulars of Z
X_ your handsome 10-karat Spectacle Offer,” and Z
address me personally and I will give ycur letter
own personal attention. Address:—
HAUX, (Personal), Haux
rr, 1 *ST. LOUIS,
* TK Above is the Largest Mail Order Spectacle House in the SyTrhirkn.! Perfapfiy"
viser of the Cunninghams, and made
several efforts to make valid their
claims to several thousand acres of
these lands. It seems, in passing
along, that Ballenger secured from
these families of multi-millionaires a
grbat sum of money to help elect
Taft President. Taft, then, byway
of reward for Ballinger’s services,
made him Secretary of the Interior —
in other words, to look after and con
serve our national resources, among
which is Alaska and these rich lands.
This gives Ballinger his chance. In
stead of taking care of our internal
resources, to conserve them, he re
members his former clients—and
present clients —the Cunninghams—
and goes before a Congressional com
mittee and recommends the passage
of a law that will make valid the
bogus, fraudulent claims of the Cun
ninghams to these lands. Not obey
ing the law as it is, but changing it,
or trying to, to suit a particular
client. But he was caught in the sly
act, and his methods were exposed, and
this is why there is so much trouble
with Taft and his administration now.
Taft gave Ballinger a “clean bill of
health,” but it failed to “clean,” so
Taft is now mad as the proverbial
“wet hen” because the country would
not take him at his word, “hush! and
be good.” The whole thing seems to
be working Ballinger’s undoing, be
sides is putting the administration to
straits for harboring a Cablneteer
guilty of such an illegal proceeding.
It does seem our Government has
gone to the bad.
So much for corporation lawyers
in the Cabinet, and why big corpora
tions are so well satisfied with the ad
ministration, and which, by the way,
accounts for living expenses being so
high. So much for the character of
political integrity in the highest ad
visory body in the land.