PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., OCTOBER 29, 1908.
What Populism Is.
The principles of each church are fixed, per
manent, eternal. Those things which make a
Baptist of the confessing Christian today made
him a Baptist hundreds of years ago. Those
things which influence the citizen to become a
Methodist today are precisely the same things
which influenced people to Methodism a hun
dred years ago. So it is with all the churches.
One’s religious faith, therefore, is not a matter
to be changed by the votes of Conferences, As
sociations and Synods.
Next in sanctity and importance to one’s re
ligious faith should come his political creed.
In this country we have no king and no aris
tocracy to rule us. We are the kings and we
rule ourselves, therefore, those principles by
which we think the legislation of the country
should be controlled and governmental policies
directed should be next to our religious con
vcitions.
What makes a Republican?
First: A belief in the gold standard, —which
is unconstitutional, and which is most injurious
to the great masses of the people.
Second : A high protective tariff which gives
to the American manufacturers a monopoly of
the home market, shuts out for his benefit the
competition of foreign manufacturers, —upon
the plea that it will enable the American man
ufacturers to pay high wages to his labor
ers, whereas the actual figures show that he
pays no greater wage than is paid abroad,
while the doors of immigration are kept open
in order that he may bring in the foreign la
bor to compete with the home laborer at the
same time that he shuts out foreign capital
from competition with himself.
Third: A national banking system which
usurps the governmental prerogative of supply
ing the country with its paper money, —thus
using for private gain a governmental function
which carries with it not only enormous direct
profits, but the still greater advantage of con
trolling the markets by alternate contraction
and expansion of the circulating medium.
Fourth: A system of taxation which relieves
the accumulated wealth of the country from the
burden of the Federal government and places
the heavier portion thereof upon the broad
backs of the common people, who pay these
federal taxes indirectly when they purchase the
three thousand articles which are named in our
tariff schedules.
Fifth: A transportation system which gives
to a few railway kings the power to tax 85,000,-
000 of people with freight rates and passenger
rates to the extent that the traffic will bear and
thus wring from the defenceless and unprivi
leged masses the enormous salaries the high
officials of the roads and dividends upon from
six to eight billion dollars of fictitious capitali
zation. This undemocratic transportation sys
tem carries with it the dangerous power to
build up one town or business or section at the
expense of another by secret rebates and other
discriminations in favor of one shipper, or one
town, or one section against another shipper,
or town, or section.
No matter what Mr. Taft and Mr. Roosevelt
TsF>e '3effersoniait
may say, these are the five great distinctive Re
publican policies. FOR THESE ABOMINA
TIONS, THE REPUBLICAN PARTY
STANDS PAT.
What makes a Democrat?
Judging from Mr. Bryan’s Denver platform
—which he declares is not less binding in what
it omits than in what it contains — THE DEM
OCRATIC PARTY TODAY MAKES NO
WAR UPON A SINGLE ONE OF THE
FIVE GREAT REPUBLICAN PRINCI
PLES AND POLICIES. Mr. Bryan once op
posed the Republican policy on the money
question. He no longer does so. He once op
posed them on the national banking question.
He no longer does so. He once favored the
placing of the burden of federal taxation upon
the incomes of the rich, instead of upon the
necessities of the common people and poor.
He no longer favors the income tax, but agrees
with the Republicans that federal taxation
should be imposed by tariff duties. He once
favored the governmental ownership of rail
roads. He no longer does so; he now stands
committed to the transportation system just as
we have it.
Broadly, therefore, the same considerations
which influence the citizen to become a Taft
Republican, influence him to become a Bryan
Democrat. BETWEEN THE TWO IS NO
SUBSTANTIAL DIFFERENCE.
What makes a Populist?
Radical opposition to stand-pat Republican
ism and Bryanite Democracy.
First: We believe that the federal govern
ment should be supported by taxation which
would reach the accumulated wealth of the
country. We believe that the incomes of the
rich should contribute to the support of that
system of government under whose protection
and by reason of whose advantages the for
tunes were made. We believe that the great
corporations which exercise the sovereign pow
er to tax our people in freight and passenger
rates should be compelled to pay a franchise
tax. As to the tariff, we care not how high
Congress runs up the duties on the luxuries of
life, but we contend that the necessities of life
which the poor must have to live should be on
the free list and should pay no federal tax at
all.
Second: We regard our great railroads as
nothing more than modern public highways,
and we believe that every nation should own
its public roads just as every nation owns its
navigable streams.
Third: We believe that the national bank
ing system is just as undemocratic and wrong
as it was in the days of Andrew Jackson and
Thomas Jefferson. We would abolish this sys
tem and restore to the government the sover
eign custom of creating the paper money as
well as the metallic currency.
Fourth: We are against the gold standard,
which is a modern British and illegal device of
the financiers who rule the world. We favor
the Constitutional system of money devised by
our forefathers and written into the funda
mental law of the Republic. We believe in a
currency composed of gold and silver coined
upon equal terms, and of treasury notes, full
legal tender for all debts, issued by the govern
ment itself directly to the people without the
intervention of banks.
Fifth: To put back into the hands of the
people themselves that control over laws and
law-makers which they should have in every
government which claims to be Democratic,
we favor the initiative and referendum, the im
perative mandate and the recall. We would,
with the latter, put out of office any official
who betrays the people. With the imperative
mandate, we would instruct those who repre
sent us in such away that they would not
dare to violate our instructions. With the
referendum we would compel legislative bodies
to refer to us any law which they had under
consideration. With the initiative, we our
selves would inaugurate legislation which we
need, when our law-making bodies themselves
were inert.
We cannot agree with the Socialists that pri
vate ownership is wrong in principle. In our
opinion, if the product of individual toilers is
given to the State, instead of to the individual
who produces it, the incentive to production is
destroyed. Our view of the matter is that indi
vidual property simply represents, in its last
analysis, the plan adopted by the society for
the purpose of guaranteeing to the individual
the product of his own toil.
BETWEEN THE PLUTOCRAT AND
THE SOCIALIST, POPULISM TAKES ITS
STAND. We occupy the sane middle ground
between the extremists who want nobody to
own anything and those extremists who want
a few people to own everything. If the gov
ernment were dominated by the principles of
Populism, we should neither have millionaires
nor paupers. Legislation would not have for
its object the enrichment of a favored few, but
would keep before its eyes always the motto of
“Equal and exact Justice to all men without
Special Privileges to any.”
n n n
"Bryan and the Negroes.
Friends, keep it before the people that Mr.
Bryan was born and reared in Illinois, in the
very hot-bed of sectional hatred toward the
South. By heredity, environment and educa
tion he grew up to manhood to believe that the
Southern people were wrong on the race ques
tion. Resistlessly, naturally, inevitably, he im
bibed the idea that Thad Stevens and Charles
Sumner were right on the race question. Re
sistlessly, naturally, inevitably he grew up to
believe that the Southern Confederacy repre
sented armed treason against the Republic;
that every follower of the Stars and Bars was a
traitor to his country.
Therefore, it is not surprising that we dis
cover certain things in Mr. Bryan’s record
which ought to make it impossible for the
Southern States to give him their electoral
votes.
In 1891, when he threw away his vote in the
Democratic caucus, —refusing to vote for either
Crisp or Mills because they had been Confed
erate soldiers, he was simply acting in accord
ance with his own inherited beliefs as to the
Civil War. When he sent his own daughter
to be educated in a social equality college, on
terms of social equality with young negro men
and young negro women, he was simply follow
ing out his own inherited views upon the race
question. When as editor of the Omaha
World-Herald he advocated the nomination
and election of a negro in Douglas county, Ne
braska, over a white opponent, and contributed
the whole strength of the influence of himself
and his paper to the election of that negro over
the white man, he was simply following out
his own views of right in the premises. When
he made his deal with the negro leaders in the
hope of securing their vote in the doubtful
States of Indiana, Ohio, Illinois and Nebraska,
he could do so with a clear conscience, because
deep down in his heart he believes that the
South is wrong on those matters where Roose
velt and Taft have said the South was right,
and have offended the negroes in saying so.
What these points are, the Jeffersonian has re
peatedly stated.
But, however honest Mr. Bryan is in his
views on the race question, the South is equally
honest and equally entitled to her own opinion.
Inasmuch as the race question affects the Sauth
more than it does any other section of the OJn
ion, and inasmuch as that question is the great
est of all questions with the Southern people,
we ought to realize the danger of endorsing
Mr. Bryan’s views, as we would impliedly do
when we give him our electoral vote.
As long as Republican Presidents are elected
who differ with the South on the race question,
we can protect ourselves against them as
against enemies. We present the impassable
barrier of the Solid South and say to any Re- •
publican President, “You may practice his own
ideas of the social equality on your side of the