NEWS OF INTEREST TO POPULISTS
COL. FELTER, ACTING AS NA
TIONAL SECRETARY, PUTS
OUT THE FOLLOWING
ADDRESS.
As sure as the sun climbs the
Eastern horizon, and the rain falls
on the earth, and as sure as old
Mother Earth feeds her children to
day as she fed them when the fiat
of creation first swept over the cha
otic world, just as sure will the Old
Guard, unwavering stand, God Help
ing us, until the faith first pro
claimed at Omaha shall be crystal
lized into law. No side steps, no
compromise, no fusion shall ever en
ter our councils again, but with clean
hands and hearts we shall ever enter
the political arena and fight the roy
al battle for Populism against all par
ties of whatever name. There is now
no political party in American poli
tics that agrees with the Populist
party on the money issue. 'About all
of the various parties have taken a
plank or two from the Populist plat
form, but not one, no not one, not
even the Hearst fellows, Jias taken
the plank on the money issue.
The fact stands out in bold truth
and demonstrates beyond the possi
bility of a doubt, that the mission of
the Populist party has, in no sense,
ended, and moreover demonstrates
the folly of any Populist connecting
himself with any other movement or
party, with the hope of advancing the
principles of Populism. 1 ‘There is
no defeat, in truth, save from with
in ; unless you are beaten there, you
are sure to win.” No man, that has
never been tempted, can truthfully
say, “I know I am honest.” There
has been a constant sifting of the
chaff from the wheat going on for
years, until today the Populist party
witness the last batch of camp-fol
lowers depart and take a hearse for
the political graveyard of obscurity,
where the ghost of a debauched con
science nightly howls a requiem of
despair over a confidence betrayed, a
manhood lost and a Judas exposed.
The Old Populist Guard stands
in sublime composure and sun
crowned in unique splendor; honored,
justified, vindicated and sustained as
the economic, intellectual and pa
triotic schoolmaster of the century.
Their labor, for years, has not been
in vain, the seed sown has sprung up
along the highways and byways. The
old parties have been pierced by the
light from the sun of Populism.
We may be talking to some who
heard the yell and saw the charge,
who heard the cannon roar and
screaming and bracing shells and if
so, you know what it was to stand
when others faltered, you know what
you were worth to your cause then,
you know the meaning of “Old
Guard,” and it is to you and your
like that we appeal to stand should
er to shoulder. Let every man do his
full duty on election day for the Pop
ulist ticket.
There are no such words as “re
treat and failure” with the Old
Guard under the leadership of Thos.
E. Watson and Samuel W. Williams.
Immediately after the election Wat
son and Williams will call a meeting
of the Populists of the nation with a
view to reorganizing the party and
putting it on a self-sustaining basis,
whereby National Headquarters will
be open and do business all the time
between elections instead of a few
weeks before election as now.
Comrades, it matters not what the
result of the present election may be,
the Populist party will remain equip
ped to conplete its mission, to agitate
fundamental issues, to educate the
masses in the science of self-govern
ment and to that end promulgate a
short platform on fundamentals with
compact organization.
TO THE POLLS, ALABAMA POP
ULISTS!
To the Populists of Alabama, and all
Jeffersonian Democrats:
Before another issue of the Week-
Judge Hines Loyal to Thos. E. Watson.
October 26, 1908.
Mr. J. J. Brown, City.
My dear Sir: I shall vote for the electoral ticket which favors
the election of Hon. Thos. E. Watson for the following reasons:
1. A great many people put party allegiance above all other alle
giances. Upon the altar of party they sacrifice all things—friendship,
love, kith and kin. I do not go so far. My first reason for voting for
Mr. Watson is, that we have long been friends, and I shall regard
the ties of this ancient friendship.
2. T am under personal and political obligations to Mr. Watson.
I do not wish to appear or to be unmindful of these obligations. For
many years past he has splendidly and unselfishly supported me in my
political aspirations. By helping him now, I can at least show my ap
preciation of his help in the past, if I cannot discharge the debt. This
is my second reason for supporting him.
3. Besides these personal reasons, we have long advocated the same
political principles. These principles are embraced in the platform on
which he is running; and I do n o violence to my political tenets in
taking this course. This is my third reason for supporting him.
4. He is a native Georgian, and in the field of oratory and litera
ture he is her most distinguished son. This furnishes my fourth rea
son for supporting him. I let State pride have full sway in this mat
ter.
5. I do not feel satisfied beyond a doubt that the election of Mr.
Bryan will best subserve the interest and welfare of the South. This
is too big a question to be discussed within the limits of a letter, but.
with this serious doubt in my mind. I do not feel like sacrificing Mr.
Watson for a very uncertain benefit. This is my fifth reason for sup
porting Mr. Watson. • .
6. I do not believe that Mr. Bryan is going to be elected, and no
harm will be done by my course even if I am mistaken in entertain
ing the doubt above expressed. This reason prompts me to this course.
7. Finally, I do not feel that I am violating the pledge which I
implicitly took by participating in the June primary. By that course,
I felt bound to support the nominees of that election, and did so, cheer
fully. I do not feel that I am bound to support the national nominees
of the Democratic party, in whose nomination I took no part.
It is for the above reasons that I shall support my old-time friend.
Yours very truly.
(Signed) JAMES K. HINES.
ly Jeffersonian reaches you, the great
campaign of 1908 will be at an end,
your votes will have been cast and
counted, and another chief executive
will have been chosen by the Ameri
can people.
What part will we Jeffersonian
Democrats have in the “shouting’’?
While the weak-kneed are talking
such rot as “throwing your vote
away on Watson,” we are thinking
—thinking of the awful corruption of
the Democratic and Republican par
ties —corrupt even beyond all possi
bility of purification—and we know
that we can never even support the
lesser of the evils with our ballot.
It is true, we do not expect to elect
Ut)«. Jeffersonian
Mr. Watson to the presidency in 1903
—would to God that we could! But
we hope, we believe, we KNOW, that
our vote is going to be much bigger
than it was four years ago, and be
fore the election of 1912 the popu
larity of our principles will have
grown to such an extent that the
dominating parties will have to give
us some of these reforms or die.
That is something that we never
could accomplish by voting the Dem
ocratic or the Republican ticket.
Can we fail to do our duty with
the facts before us?
The two big parties have proved
themselves to be hopelessly corrupt
by recent exposures; the pot has been
calling the kettle black for weeks.
The Independence League has
proved itself insincere by its rapid
change of principles.
Socialism is impracticable, because
all men will not live by the Golden
Rule.
The Populist party now stands and
has ever stood by the old-fashioned
principles of Jeffersonian Democracy
—“equal rights to. all and special
privileges to none.”
Jeffersonians, can those facts be
disputed?
Then, what else do we need to know
in order that we may cast our ballots
rightly, intelligently and effectively,
on November 3? And in view of
these facts, how can you entertain
for a moment the idea that your vote
will be thrown away if cast for Pop-
ulism, or Jeffersonian Democracy, and
not thrown away if voted for the cor
ruption of either of the great lead
ers ?
Go to the polls, Jeffersonians, and
vote for your principles. You will
be surprised at your strength. And
when the final count is made, none
will have won as great a victory as
you, for you will have voted for a
clean party, Democratic principles,
and brave, honest and brainy men.
Let us do our duty.
J. ROY M’GINTY.
Opelika, Ala., Oct. 23.
TENNESSEE POPULISTS.
Nashville, Tenn., Oct. 23, 1908.
To the Populists of Tennessee:
I have had printed and am sending
out tickets to every county in the
state, where I have been able to get
in touch with even one Populist.
These tickets will have on them the
names of the Wtason and Williams’
electors.
As the People’s party has no can
didates for Governor, Congress, State
Senator, etc., the spaces under these
heads are left blank, and one can
write the name of any person for
whom they wish to vote.
Be sure to see that your ticket
measures exactly 3x7 inches before
you vote it, or at least as nearly so
as possible, as the law allows only a
variation of 1-16 of an inch. If you
find that tickets have not been sent
to any one in your county, please wire
me at once at Franklin, Tenn., and I
will send you tickets by return mail
or express, as you may direct.
In case tickets would not reach you
in time, please go to the nearest print
ing office and have as many printed
as you need and see that they are
properly distributed at the different
precincts in your county.
The Watson and Williams’ elect
ors for Tennessee are: A. L. Mims,
H. T. Roberts, Frank Johnson, L. L.
Thomas, W. T. Francisco, John J.
Miles, A. C. Dale, J. W. Shouse, H.
T. Childs, John S. Van Dyke, A. B.
White, W. F. Short.
Let me urge every Populist who
reads this to go to the polls and work
for Watson and Williams.
11. J. MULLENS,
Chairman.
MADISON COUNTY, GA.
To the People of Madison County:
Mr. John Andy Smith, of Elber
ton, Ga., will address the people of
Madison county, 4 Paoli, Saturday,
October 31, at ten o’clock, in the in
terest of Hon. Thos. E. Watson’s
candidacy for President. • Mr. Smith
is an orator and a thinker of splen
did ability, and will handle national
and State issues in masterly style.
The people of adjoining counties are
cordially invited. The ladies are ex
tended a cordial invitation.
ARKANSAS PEOPLE’S PARTY
ELECTORAL TICKET.
State at large
A. W. Files, of Pulaski County.
N. B. Hilger, of White County;
PAGE FIVE