banquets, or dough-bags over there, but cham
pions of the Oppressed shouldn’t mind these
little deprivations. And it would grieve us
to see them go, but we would be brave and
bear it.
Yes—why isn’t the Liberian problem solved
by these people who think themselves capable
of solving all our problems if they were not
cruelly prevented by “race prejudice”? Let
Uncle Sam send some more of these where
race prejudice exists only against the whites.
Seventy-two million eggs were the other
day taken off the open markets at Chicago,
To Grind
Down
the Masses.
There is no longer any law of supply and
demand. The clutches of the food cornerer
are upon all things, and his price is fixed.
Those who can pay it, must. Those who can
not, must suffer.
Still, there is such a thing as opening up a
cold storage barn, and distributing the con
tents. It is just about time that a few of
these neat little corners suddenly vanished.
**❖ * ’
A law is to be framed up, preventing food
products of this class to be stored more than
a year. Beautiful law, isn’t it? Very likely
wise inspectors will be able to identify,
twelve months hence, every one of the sev.en-
William Marcellus Howard and
His Amazing Break
(concluded from page one)
ment, he accused me of being partly respon
sible for Rucker's appointment.
Not only that, he accused me of being part
ly responsible for the Dingley tariff, the sin
gle gold standard, and the national banks.
Why he did not include the fall of Man,
the San Francisco earthquake and the Peary-
Cook controversy, I am at a loss to say.
How did William Marcellus figure out that
I was partly to blame for Pucker’s appoint
ment, and those other wicked happenings?
Why, William Marcellus charges me with
running, as Presidential candidate, in 1896,
against Bryan. Bill says that although the
Democratic platform was remarkably Popu
listic that year, I refused to accept it, made a
campaign against it, and got 27 votes for
President.
The whole bent of that part of Bill’s mar
vellous article is to make the impression, that
the race between Bryan and McKinley was
close; that my candidacy against Bryan split
up those who should have united to elect him;
and that the 27 votes for President which I
took from Bryan, caused the election of Mc-
Kinley, ousted Paul Trammel, landed Ruck
er, passed the Dingley tariff; re-chartered
the national banks; established the single gold
standard—in fact, played h—ll, generally.
There are several things which fairly
feaze me, concerning Bill Howard’s lengthy
attack, in the Sunday papers of Atlanta, two
weeks ago.
First: how on earth can you account for
Bill’s making the statement that I ran against
Bryan, in 1896, and got 27 electoral votes?
Even ihe intelligent children know better.
Bill, himself, ran for Congress, that year;
and therefore his mind was on politics. He
couldn’t have helped knowing, if he had tried,
that I was running with Bryan, as one of the
two Democrat-Populist candidates for the
Vice-Presidency. Sewall, of Maine, was the
other. For the Vice-Presidency, I got 27 elec
toral votes; and, of course, every elector who
cast his ballot for me, cast one, also, for
Bryan.
Bill can’t escape by saying it was a slip of
the memory, as to a date, No, indeed.
and put into cold storage.
This move being done to keep
the price of eggs as high,
during the summer, as
throughout the winter.
151)e 3tffersoiilan
ty-two million eggs which were slipped from
the market! If the law doesn’t get these men
who corner the necessaries of life and op
press the public, and put them in jail, a sit
uation will be precipitated taking the whole
matter out of the hands of the law. The idea
of people going hungry—suffering—maybe
dying for lack of food, while it is stored in
great warehouses for the sole and only reason
of extortion, while the law looks helplessly
on, is simply maddening, and out of it all
will come chaos, and re-adjustment, Unless
our Legislators get it borne in upon their fat
heads that this American public had stood
enough.
The Court of Inquiry, put to work on the
case of the negro troops who shot up Browns-
The End of
Brownsville.
Roosevelt and Taft, then
Secretary of War, in dismissing the troops in
a body.
It will be remembered that it was Senator
Foraker, of Ohio, who demanded the Court
of Inquiry and constituted himself champion
of these blood-thirsty soldiers, and their
craven officers. The finding of the Court is
that not only did troops in a body commit
the crimes, but that if proper discipline and
inquiry had been made at the time the ques-
(1) That was the time McKinley was
elected. That was the time McKinley’s vic
tory entailed upon us all the evil conse
quences enumerated by Bill. Therefore, that
was the election which Bill had in mind.
(2) I never did receive a single electoral
vote, any other year. When running for
President, I failed to land any electoral votes.
(3) Never have I run as Vice-President,
excepting with Bryan, in 1896.
(4) The 27 electoral votes on which Bill
bases his sweeping and silly charges were
given to me for the Vice-Presidency, AND
NOT FOR THE PRESIDENCY.
Therefore, Bill is completely BOXED UP I
He brought against me one of the most damn
ing indictments that he ever framed; and,
when he did so, he convicted himself of one
of the most stupendous falsifications of the
record that any public man ever committed!
But here’s another thing which it is hard
to account for:
Bill, addressing me, says, “You knew the
election was close," etc.
Inasmuch as McKinley received 271 elec
toral votes, while Bryan got but 176, it wasn’t
so very “close”. Beating Bryan nearly 100
votes, what would 27 have been in such a
contest ?
Bill, you took two weeks to prepare your
article: how, then, do you explain this mis
statement?
At the beginning of the campaign, the Re
publicans had absolutely no hope of winning.
They knew that a fast alliance of Pops and
Democrats would succeed. It was only after
Chairman Jones had issued his insulting
words, “The Populists can go to the negroes,
where they belong," that the Republicans
plucked up spirit, and went to work confident
of victory.
(I notice that Pendleton, of the Telegraph,
did not publish that part of Bill’s tirade. A
watchful old bird, is Pendleton; and he prob
ably saw what a phenomenal and ruinous
mistake Bill had made.)
But, ain't you surprised to learn that Wil
liam Marcellus Howard considers the gold
standard, the national banks, and the Ding-
Icy tariff such bad things?
He has been in Congress fourteen years
without your ever finding that out.
And he not only made no war on any of
these evils, but he deserted to the Republicans
ville, has, after a prolonged
and tedious investigation,
fully sustained the action of
tion of identifying the culprits would have
been set immediately at rest.
“Now Orleans, La., April 14.—The big Shriners’
meeting here, attended by thousands from all
over the United States, has
More
“Tolerance”.
order forbidding all Catholics
to witness the Shriners’ parade on pain of giving
up communion and foregoing the confessional.
Thousands of Catholics openly defied the order.
“The leading Shriners today declared that they
would issue a statement in answer to the attack of
the Church.”
Just another little straw which shows the
direction of the current. Just another indi
cation of that sweet spirit of brotherly love
and tolerance which animates the spiritual
sons of the infallible one.
The President is a Mason, and high in that
order. He yet visits Catholic Churches, takes
part in their rites, and throws his official fa
vor, not to say favoritism, around the Priests
of the Catholic Church. By what right does
any bigoted prelate order his devotees not
even to look upon a parade of Masons? By
the right of insolence that has waxed fat un
der free institutions, until the time seems ripe
to trample those institutions under foot.
It is gratifying to note that thousands of
Catholics had the manhood to defy the or
der. In the Church itself is growing the
spirit of Modernism, which such incidents
will fan the flame of another Reformation.
at a crisis, when he was bound to know that,
if the Cannon-Aldrich element of the Repub
lican party gained the upper-hand, THE
DINGLEY LAM MOULD BE FOLLOW
ED BY SOMETHING MORSE.
Knowing that fact, he and twenty-two oth
er Democratic deserters saved the day for
Cannon, thus paving the way for this infer
nal new tariff which enables the Trusts to ad
vance the costs of living.
Can You Account for the Position
Taken by Mr. Hoke Smith’s
Paper?
For more than twenty years, the leaders of
the Democratic party have pretended to be
in favor of an Income Tax. No convention,
State or National, ever opposed it. Wlien the
party captured the Government, in 1892, the
Income Tax was enacted, according to prom
ise—the only pledge the Democratic leaders
did not break. Mr. Hoke Smith was a mem
ber of the Cabinet at the time, and we must
presume that he then favored the law.
Yet, when the question was before the
Georgia Legislature, last year, those members
who were constantly going to Hoke for Wis
dom, came back with buckets of cold water,
to throw on the Income Tax Amendment.
The Legislature, which obeyed orders when
told to lynch poor McLendon, obeyed, also,
in not voting for that * amendment to the
United States Constitution.
Had the Georgia Legislature promptly
adopted the Income Tax, the effect would
have been far-reaching in favor of the law.
Her failure to act was equivalent to a refusal
—for her Legislature was in session and was
expected to act.
But the lobby which succeeded in Georgia
has been succeeding elsewhere; and there is
little prospect, now, that the amendment will
be ratified by the necessary three-fourths of
the States. ,
And to make sure that the Georgia Legis
lature does not ratify, when her Legislature
again meets, Mr. Hoke emptied an editorial
ice-water pitcher on the Income Tax, two
weeks ago.
Queer, isn’t it? How anxious Mr. Hoke
is to protect the Rockefellers, the Carnegies,
the Goulds and the Vanderbilts from paying
Federal tax on their bloated incomes!
PAGE SEVEN
aroused a bitter war within the
Catholic Church in this State.
Archbishop Blenk issued an