PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Temple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Enttrtd at Potttfici, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, IQO7, at ttttnd
tlatt mail matttr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday February 6, 1908
eSI
The State Will Kill The Man.
(Editorial Atlanta Georgian, Jan. 29,
1908.)
On Friday the state of Georgia adds an
other man to the list of men it has sent
into eternity —officially. Glover, it seems,
shot a woman, so the state of Georgia has
a life coming to her.
The public may have its own idea of
what might have had hold of this man
that would have nerved him to kill a wo
man in a fit of insane jealousy —a maniac
love —a moment no doubt that had robbed
the man of his mind—but there is no con
jecture—no debate about the state of
Georgia deliberately leading the man to
the trap that shall take away his life —
the trap that has been built for that pur
pose—run by men employed to do the
killing.
We are well aware that it has been the
fashion in Georgia for ages to hang men
for certain crimes —but we believe custom
does not make a thing right. It has
been the fashion in some countries, and
has been practiced more years than Amer
ica has been known to the world, to put
men to death by tearing their bodies to
pieces; piercing their breast with sharp
poles; pressing them to death slowly or
cut the head off with a big sword, as is
done in China; and a dozen other hide
ous savage ways —but custom has never
made these methods right. Custom will
never make anything right even though it
sometimes makes acts legal, and we shall
yet live to see that, because a man com
mits an act that it is safe to say he would
not do if he were normal and in a normal
state of mind, we are not entitled to can
cel his crime by committing one as great.
This argument would be attackable on
the ground that so dangerous a man is a
menace to the community, and must be
put out of the way; or watched for the
remainder of his life, and thus become a
burden —but the answer to this is, that in
a prison for life he can more than earn
what it costs to keep him—and we must
maintain prisons for minor offenders,
anyway.
If states like Michigan can exist so
prosperously and so happily without kill
ing men—“officially”—why can not the
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
state of Georgia and all states do like
wise? Michigan hasn’t executed a man
in years and crime has not increased.
Michigan without capital punishment has
but seventy-eight criminals in each one
thousand, against Georgia’s 108, Florida’s
211, New York’s 126, Massachusetts’ 187.
How does Michigan treat its criminals?
It tries to make men of them, not crim
inals. Its penitentiary is a model for the
world. There are degrees of honor for
the men to strive for; there are grades
that they work to —like soldiers in an
army —and as they by good behavior and
hard work reach a higher grade in their
prison life they wear different uniforms,
just as soldiers wear the decoration of
their rank, and as they reach the top they
are freed from clothes that even suggest
the convict stripes. In all the world there
is not such discipline and uplift as
amongst these poor fellows in Michigan.
If the knowledge of the fact that a man
will not be punished with death if he com
mits a great crime would lead to more
crime, then why has nearly every state
in the union more criminals —and some
states nearly four to one—than Michigan,
where there is no official murderer?
In the name of God, then, will you not
help to kindle sentiment that shall stop
a practice that is almost the last vestige
of barbarism that is practiced today—and
that by our state?
Yes, his wife went to the capitol yes
terday morning—just a woman —poor and
torn by sleepless nights and troubled
days; no taste for food, no hope for fu
ture happiness —just the wife of a man
condemned to death. She didn’t ask the
governor to remove the curse and stain
this man had brought upon her; she didn’t
ask for money —she only asked for his
life; life, that filmy unseeable spirit that
comes and goes without a sound; that
makes men walk and work and love; that
makes the little baby cry, and laugh;
that one thing we all strive to keep and
nurse and that we love first.
Like the woman that she is, she fought
to the last ditch. When lawyers and
statesmen had done their best —had asked
and failed —she tried once more and with
a hope against hope went to the capitol
yesterday and pleaded with the only man
who could say her husband should live —
“and the governor’s carriage was waiting
at the door of the capitol —he had to drive
rapidly to the station, where he boarded
a Pullman for Washington”—for the
LAW must take its course.
Note: The reason of the Governor’s
hurry in getting to the Pullman was that
he was due in Washington City to attend
a convention where the subject under dis
cussion was the saving of the life of trees.
From the heart-broken wife who was
pleading for the life of a man, the Govern
or hastened away to go where he could
plead for trees.
God help us all. It is a sad, strange
and tragic world, at best.
The learned Physicians who examined
Glover, at the instance of the Governor,
reported that he was defective and de
generate.
Although mentally and morally defect
ive and degenerate, that awful fact— the
curse which came to poor Arthur Glover
along with his birth —was not considered
at all in grading his punishment. He did
not call himself into the world, nor was he
responsible for being “defective” and “de
generate.” But he was held responsible,
nevertheless, for an act committed in a
tempest of passion which, owing to his
innate defect and want of balance, he was
unable to resist.
He had long been an obnoxious Popu
list, who had boldly defied the Augusta
Ring. He was hated vindictively by the
local politicians because he was an ag
gressive “Tom Watson man,” who feared
nobody, and who freely denounced the
criminal methods by which said .Watson
was put out of Congress.
The leader of the Augusta Ring led
the prosecution of Glover; and to make
it certain that the political prejudice of
the jury should be inflamed against the
poor creature, Watson’s name was lugged
into the case, without any excuse what
ever. Both in the testimony and in the
speeches to the jury, Watson’s name was
harped on. Thus the half-demented pris
oner was made to bear the full brunt of
the dislike which that particular jury—
carefully selected for the purpose —en-
tertained for Watson.
Believing that a life-sentence in the
Penitentiary would, in this case, meet all
the demands of justice, Mr. Watson did
his utmost to have the sentence commut
ed.
The influence of the Augusta politicians
was too strong, however, and the obnox
ious Populist had to die.
In the same community where Glover’s
crime was committed, a negro ran amuck
in the streets and killed three before he
was stopped. He was allowed to plead
guilty and escape with a life sentence.
Since Glover’s conviction and sentence,
another white man waylaid the road and
committed robbery and murder. His
mind was found to be “defective,” and
he was not hanged.
In one of the country counties of this
state, a poor white man was shot down
like a dog by two rich ones; and they
have not even been indicted. A new sur
vey of the county line was made, and a
boundary which has stood for genera
tions was changed. Thus the venue of
the case was thrown into another county
where, apparently, no interest is felt in
the prosecution.
If one should make a study of the in
justice and cruelty of man to man, and of
the partiality with which town affairs,
county affairs, state affairs and national
affairs are managed, there would be no
end to the story.
Had Glover been a Democrat, with
Judge Eve and Boykin Wright working
for him instead of against him, he would