PAGE TWELVE
Josiah Carter Tells How Watson
Was Put Out of Congress
(concluded from page nine)
here to it, irrespective of the caucus dictation
of the two old parties.
Then, indeed, I could see what was coining.
What did I do? Submitted the question to
my district) in a series of monster meetings.
Here was the question I asked the people—
“ Suppose me reach the parting of the ways)
shall I remain in the Democratic party, or
shall I follow the principles upon which you
elected mcF
Tn every county of the ten, (and also in the
rural parts of Richmond,) this question was
voted on, by the holding up of hands, and if
there was a single Allianceman who voted for
my giving preference to the NAME) over the
PRINCIPLES) I have no recollection of it.
Os course, THESE ALLIANCE MEN
WERE DEMOCRATS) and had been so, all
their lives. Their “fathers before them” had
been lifelong Democrats.
Now, mark this—-
The Democratic legislature gerrymandered
my district. They threw out two of my
strongest supports, Burke and Johnson coun
ties. They gave me two of the hardest propo
sitions in the State, Hancock and Wilkinson
counties. In the latter I did not know half-a
dozen souls: in the former, I was not person
ally acquainted with two dozen voters. Be
sides, in Sparta there was a political ring
ready to do all that was necessary to keep me
from getting Hancock's vote.
Other Congressmen whose seats were in
danger, hurried home to look after their
fences: I remained where I was paid to stay
—not coming home until Congress adjourned.
By that time the district was seething with
excitement.
On reaching Washington (December, 1891,)
I had refused to enter the Democratic caucus,
as per Indianapolis instructions and the refer
endum vote of my constituents. This act of
mine started the storm: and the cry was
heard, “He has sold out to the Republicans!”
In the winter of 1891-2, the Farmers’ Alli
ance and Knights of Labor held a great Con
vention in St. Louis. The Convention de
clared for independent political action. Nam
ing it The People's Party, the Convention
placed the new organization on the essential
principles of the Alliance Platform) and I
felt duty-bound to go with it.
The national Democratic party nominated
Cleveland, placing him on a platform that
was broadly and fundamentally antagonistic
to the Alliance principles.
How could I abandon those principles)
'without deserting my constituents? Neither
they nor I, attached any importance to party
names: the principles were what we valued.
Now, how did my district view the matter?
Every county, of my old ten, indorsed my po
sition—excepting Burke; and if you can get
ex-Judge Enoch Callaway to tell you how
Burke was held in line, you will not be proud
of the result.
Handicapped by two new counties, I never
theless carried nine out of eleven.
Therefore) the district wanted me to re
main in Congress. Two counties, out of the
eleven. ARROGATED TO THEMSELVES
THE RIGHT TO PUNISH ME. And one
of these, (Hancock) had nothing to do with
electing me! THE MINORITY CLAIMED
THAT IT SHOULD DOMINATE THE
DISTRICT.
By what right— in law, custom, or morals
—did Richmond and Hancock veto the will
of the other nine counties of the district?
How can it be said that I betrayed my peo
ple, when more than two-thirds of them en
thusiastically instructed me beforehand and
heartily indorsed me afterwards? ZZas not
the majority the right to rule?
What has come of it all, Josiah? Tn what
way was the republic benefited by the crimi-
Obe Jeffersonian
nal methods practised against the majority.
in the Tenth ?
Boykin Wright & Co. used a good and able
man, as the tool of personal and political
spite. They made a noble) Christian gentle
man the receiver of stolen goods. They put
upon a Prohibition district a man who, con
scientiously, could not vote the dry ticket,
but who ostentatiously displayed the whisky
ticket) before putting it in the ballot-box.
They sent to Congress a man of easy-going
habits, who had never made a study of gov
ernmental questions, and who had no particu
lar purpose at heart in going into public life.
Therefore, Major Black’s record in Con
gress was barren. He soon quit. He has
never been the same man that he was, before
he fell under the baleful influence of Boykin
Wright.
Have his successors accomplished any
thing? If SO) what?
When the contested election case came be
fore the Committee and before Congress, the
Republicans voted as. strongly against me as
the Democrats did. When I begged to be al
lowed to be heard) in my own behalf) both
Democrats and Republicans voted against the
proposition. Mine is the unique honor of be
ing the only contestant for a seat in Congress
who was denied the right of a hearing on the
floor of the House!
Tn the House of Representatives, as every
where else, I was a worker. Was I doing any
harm in defeating the Cutting bill, which
proposed to imperialize our State militia? in
earnestly knocking out appropriations that
had no merit? in exposing claims that were
seeking payment a second time? in battling
all night for the automatic car-coupler bill,
which has saved so many poor fellows from
loss of limb and life? in exposing and com
batting the Congressional barroom? in secur
ing the passage of a resolution making it un
lawful for corporations to emply Pinkerton
deputies? in fastening to the Post Office Ap
propriation bill the first mandatory resolution
in favor of the present Rural Free Delivery
system?
That’s the kind of work I was doing; and,
had I been suffered to retain my seat, there is
no telling what might have been the harvest
of my energetic efforts, during the years
which have since come and gone. But I
would not bow to party names and bosses;
and so they resorted to wholesale crime to get
rid of me.
White Girls For Sale
The following is clipped from The Wes
leyan Christian Advocate:
“Slavery in October, 1909. In Chicago the oth
er day a white girl was sold for $73.25! A de
tective set the trap and the seller of the white
girl readily fell into it. The trafficker in this hor
rid work said to the supposed purchaser, ‘You
can depend on me. I can lay my hand on twenty
girls at this price, any one of whom would suit
anybody.’ Such trade as that in the United
States and in this year of the grace of our Lord!
When 60,000 girls are thus sacrificed annually,
it is time for people who love decency and right
eousness to get busy after the abominable pan
derers.”
But, Dr. Lovett, how can we get busy after
abominable American panderers, ami 800,-
000,000 heathen at the same time?
Haven’t I been trying to get such men as
you to get busy after white slavers, and a
number of other horrible things, here at
home ?
But so many of you have “the heathen” on
the brain that you can not be aroused to the
needs of the poor, the uneducated, the irre
ligious, and the panderer-hunted of our own
Christian land.
The 60,000 white girls to whom you refer,
as being the yearly victims of the panderer,
would, if saved, be worth more to Christian
civilization and the future of the world than
all the decadent, inferior races of the East.
Why not call in the missionaries AND
SAVE OUR O WN GIRLS AND BOYS?
Fooling You, Farmer!
(CONCLUDED FROM PAGE five)
Regular midnight juggle) you see.
They are trying to fool the farmers about
this matter.
Why, they actually sent Boodle-hunter to
the International Typographical Union Con
vention) which was held in St. Joseph) Mis
souri.
At least, he says so. Why should the inner
circle deny that they intended to send to To
ronto the same printer whom they actually
sent to St. Joseph?
Watch as well as pray, Farmer!
When the inner circle keeps you in the
dark, about these secret goings-on, it’s time
for you to sit up and take notice.
Sugar Trust Criminality and Loot
Senator A. S. Clay proved, in a Senatorial
speech, last winter, that the Sugar Trust had
made $660,000,000 in twelve years.
Its original capitalization was $165,000,-
000, of which at least half was water. But
let us allow it ten per cent, on the full
amount. In twelve years, that percentage of
profit would have amounted to $198,000,000.
That, of itself, is a “mort o’ money”.
But the Trust, not content with ten per
cent, of net profit, gouged the people out of
$660,000,000. Consequently, the legalized
loot, over reasonable profit, was $462,000,000.
That amount of plunder ought to have sat
isfied their dollar-madness, don’t you think?
But it did not. While they were literally
robbing the consumers of nearly $40,000,000
per annum, they were systematically stealing
from the Government at the Custom House.
The Government gives the Trust the legisla
tion which enables it to plunder the people,
and the Trust is so greedy and corrupt that
it plunders Government as well as governed.
In other words, the Trust robs the people
twice: once in extortionate price, and once in.
cheating the Treasury out of the Custom
House duties.
The thing started under Cleveland, in 1893,
and it has gone on ever since.
Little Alfonso, of Spain
The following story, sent out from Paris,
gives us a new idea of the decadent and piti
less Spanish King:
“When affairs of State forced him to seek an Eng
lish wife, the beautiful and wholesome Princess Patri
cia of Connaught promptly turned him down. ‘My,
but he is dirty,’ said this haughty princess. ‘His nose
is too long, his lips are too thick, his chest is too flat
and his chin too weak.’ ‘What!’ said the ambitious
little Ena of Battenberg. ‘You refuse a king? Very
well, then, I’ll take him. He will learn how to wash
himself.’
“And so the little Ena is now Queen of Spain. But
who knows for how long? Perhaps the Republicans,
Carlists and anarchists know; certainly the young
king and queen can not tell.”
But did “the ambitious little Ena of Bat
tenberg" teach the filthy Alfonso “how to
wash himself”?
Great and unscrupulous was the ambition
of “the little Ena”, who had to “turn Cath
olic”, before she could enjoy the honor of
ascending the nuptial couch with the “dirty”,
thick-lipped, long-nosed, flat-chested, weak
chinned King-let.
In morals, there Isn’t a particle of differ
ence between the high-born woman, who
trades her attractive body for a title, and the
poor five-dollar-a-week girl who ekes out a
livelihood by rooming with “a gentleman
friend”.
EKorstad did it in 8 weeks. Hundreds making phenom
enal earnings the “Allen Way.” Stoneman. $8,300
In 60 days—Langley. slls first day.—Reese saw
60 peop’e, sold 55; result, $320. WE START_YOU—
Experience don’t matter—Credit given. Strange
apparatus. Gives every home bathroom for $6.
' Energizes water. Cleanses almost automatically,
a* New, exciting business. Bisklc.fa postal)for proof.
THE ALLEN MFO. CO., <649 Allen Bldg., Toledo, 0.