PAGE EIGHT
the JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editor! and Proprietor!
T»mplk Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - fl.oo PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Bnltrti Pnttnfitt, JLtUnta, Ga., Janaarj It, 11)07, ai mind
tian mail mattnr
Atlanta, Go., Thursday, August 2, 1908
Africanizing the Democratic Party.
In a vindictive spirit, the victorious
North wreaked her vengeance upon the
prostrate South, in the enactment of the
Reconstruction Laws. By legislative pow
er some millions of ignorant Africans,
just liberated from slavery, were to be
made the masters of their former owners.
To see that the purpose of Thad Stevens
and others should not fail of accomplish
ment, visiting brethren came down from
the North and took seats with us.
Thereupon, the South went through an
era of such shame and suffering, such
humiliation and intolerable outrage as no
great section of the Anglo-Saxon race
ever endured.
Night Riders took the road, and by the
time the Ku Klux Klan had shot a few
hundred, and had whipped a few thou
sand, the negroes began to realize that
Congress could not change the laws of
God. Wherever the white man puts his
foot HE RULES. So it ever was; so
it will ever be.
Unable to batter down the walls of the
13th, 14th and 15th Amendments, the
South has undermined them. With her
poll-tax laws, her registration acts, her
disfranchisement bills, she has nullified
the Reconstruction Amendments. White
supremacy has been restored and made
secure.
And the beauty of it is, that the North
doesn’t care.
The broader-minded statesmen of other
sections feel that the Reconstruction pol
icy was a hideous mistake. They are
ashamed of it, and sorry for it. They
know that the indiscriminate gift of the
franchise to the blacks was a curse to
them, as well as to the whites. For one
thing, it deepened the channel of race
hatred, fed the fires of racial antagonism.
The North is not willing to repeal the
odious amendments, but she will not in
terfere while Southern States nullify them
by local legislation.
This is the position of President Roose
velt; also of Mr. Taft.
The various African Leagues of the
North furiously resent this attitude of
Roosevelt and Taft. They denounce the
administration Republicans for four
things: •...
THE JEFERSONIAN.
(1) Their failure to enforce the amend
ments.
(2) Their acquiescence in the Southern
disfranchisement acts.
(3) Their endorsement of Roosevelt in
the Brownsville affair.
(4) Their evident intention to eliminate
the negro from politics.
How does the South stand on these
four issues?
DOES SHE STAND WITH THE
NEGROES?
Certainly not.
BUT WHERE DOES HER PRESI
DENTIAL CANDIDATE STAND?
He refuses to say. “Not in the plat
form,” you know. In the meanwhile,
African bishops, African Doctors of Di
vinity, African chieftains of African
Leagues, betake themselves to Mr.
Bryan’s home, are given the glad hand
by Khe Peerless One, are refreshed by
fried chicken on the Bryan lawn, are
hypnotized by the Bryan smile, are mag
netized by the Bryan eloquence, and come
away whooping for Bryan.
The Africans are against Taft because
of the four issues mentioned. They are
fighting Taft because Taft will not do
the things which the Africans want done,
BUT WHICH THE SOUTH DOES
NOT WANT DONE.
The Africans are supporting Bryan.
And the South is for Bryan.
Study it well, gentlemen.
MR.' BRYAN IS TURNING THE
NATIONAL DEMOCRATIC PARTY
INTO THE NIGGER PARTY.
If the South votes for Bryan this time,
she will lose more than has been gained
in all of her long struggle for white su
premacy.
H n 1?
Judge Tmory Speer.
The folly of the Hearst platform in its
indiscriminate hostility to injunctions,
and the soundness of the position taken
bv us in the telegram to the New York
World, could not be illustrated to better
advantage than by reference to the re
straining order issued by Judge Speer for
bidding certain railroad corporations from
increasing their freight rates.
An ounce of prevention is worth a
pound of cure, and the temporary injunc
tion is nothing in the world but an order
that things shall remain as they are, until
both sides can be heard on the merits.
If the ridiculous “demands” of Mr.
Hearst’s ridiculous “Independence Party”
were put in force, such judges as Emm-
Speer w’ould not have the right to stop
the corporations when they are about to
inflict a great wrong upon the people.
All honor to Judge Speer! The Jeffer
sonian is only too glad to acknowledge his
splendid judicial courage and to contrast
it with the servility of such corporation
henchmen as Jones, of Alabama, and
Pritchard, of North Carolina.
The papers, some time ago, mentioned
vacancies soon to be made in the Supreme
Court of the United States. It was said
that the President felt inclined to appoint
Pritchard to fill one of these. We sin
cerely hope that this statement was un
founded. Judge Pritchard is certainly not
in sympathy with “My Policies.” His
decisions go to the limit in the opposite
direction.
If vacancies should be made on the Su
preme Bench, and a Southern jurist is
needed to fill one of them, why, Mr. Presi
dent, wouldn’t Judge Emory Speer do?
•tun
The Triumphs of Populism.
Stand your ground, comrades, stand
your ground!
THINGS ARE COMING YOUR
WAY.
Just be patient and firm and insistent,
yet awhile longer, and it will all come
right.
The leaven of your principles is at work
throughout the Union. In state laws and
in Presidential policies, your influence
can be seen. Your stand for the right, re
gardless of popularity and the sweets of
official position,, is bearing fruit! and you,
the despised of all parties, are become the
respected of all. That your are the only
true Jeffersonian Democrats, is being uni
versally recognized. That you alone
stand for the political supremacy of the
whites, is being felt. That yours ,is the
only party which can bring about politi
cal union between the West and South,
to overthrow the hateful domination of
Eastern and Northern capitalism, will be
come clearer with every campaign.
In January of this year, the Hearst
party met in Indianapolis and adopted a
platform which favored ship subsidies, na
tional banks, and governmental loans to
these banks. It opposed Tariff revision
and opposed the governmental ownership
of railroads.
The Jeffersonian, and other Populist
papers, ridiculed the Hearst platform and
warned you of the Hearst movement.
During the last days of July, the Hearst
crowd assembled itself together again, in
Chicago, and threw away their Indianap
olis platform. Six months was as long as
the Hearst crowd could afford to wear
the same suit of clothes.
Their new platform is almost entirely
an appropriation of Populist doctrines.
Why this startling conversion from
Wall Street-ism to Populism? The Hearst
crowd knew what our principles were six
months ago, didn’t they?
They knew their own minds six months
ago, didn’t they?
What has happened during the last six
months to change the Hearstites so com
pletely?
This has happened: It has been demon
strated to Mr. Hearst that he can not'
OPENLY carry the reformers over to
Wall Street.
It being the purpose of Hearst to cap
ture the old-guard Populists, for his own
sinister purpose, he has now adopted a
Populist platform, instead of the Wall
Street platforrn of six months ago,