PAGE FOUR
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
Republicans in Riot.
The Republicans of Tennessee assembled in
Nashville March 25 for a ,state convention.
Trouble arose and a riot followed. State
Chairman Landers had a close call for life.
Police were called in.
People’s Party Convention.
The People’s Party National Convention
has been called to meet in St. Louis April
2, 1908, to nominate candidates for President
and Vice President.
Panners’ Fair.
The Georgia State Fair will be under the
supervision of the Farmers’ Union. All agri
cultural exhibits will be under the direction
of the Union.
King Arrested.
Paul Bignamy—known as the “King of An
archists,” a man that proclaimed openly that
President Roosevelt’s death was necessary—
has been arrested in a general round-up of
anarchists in San Francisco.
Hughes Indorsed.
Republican and Independent voters of Al
bany, New York and vicinity, at a largely
attended meeting called by the Hughes
League of the United States, indorsed Chas.
E. Hughes for the nomination for President.
Another Senator.
Death claims another Senator. This makes
the seventh visit to the senate. United States
Senator William James Bryan was the one
claimed this time. It was only 73 days since
he had taken his seat in the senate.
Gillette Must Die.
Chester Gillette's last hope to escape the
electric chair vanished March 26, when he was
informed that Governor Hughes had finally
refused to interfere with the decision of the
court.
Sing Sing Keeper Dead.
John J. Griffin, who has been Sing Sing
keeper for 42 years, is dead. He was the
dean of the prison and had served under 15
wardens.
Rockefeller’s Gift.
John D. Rockefeller’s latest contribution to
charity is a gift of $125,000 toward the erec
tion of a great seaside hospital for the conval
escent poor children of New York. Oil king
swells fund that will establish institution ca
pable of treating 4.000 at a time.
To Delay Arrival.
Because May 5 will be election day in San
Francisco the battleship fleet will delay its
arrival there until the sixth, one’ day later
than originally provided for in its itinerary.
President Sends Message.
Message sent by President Roosevelt to
Congress. Savings Bank system recommend
ed. Urges immediate action on pending legis-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
lation, including child labor, liability and anti
trust laws.
Milton for Senate.
Gov. Brow ard of Florida has appointed Hon.
William Hall Milton of Marianna, Fla., to suc
ceed the late Senator William J. Bryan, to
the United States senate.
Town Destroyed.
Chilapa, a town of 15,000 inhabitants in
the state of Guerrero, has been shaken by an
earthquake and burned. The shocks, two in
number, were followed by fires, which, origi
nating in a dozen places among the tumbling
buildings, joined in a conflagration that swept
the town.
Hughes Signs Banking Bill.
Governor Hughes signed the first of the
series of banking bills recommended by Su
perintendent Clark Williams of the State
Banking Depuartment. The bill was intro
duced by the Joint Committee on banks and
provides for a third deputy state superin
tendent of banks.
Hobson Introduces Bill.
A bill “to prevent a combination of firms
or individuals from conspiring to raise or
raising prices of supplies furnished the United
States government or from combining to put
up prices of structural work,” was intro
duced by Representative Hobson, of Alabama.
Change Naval Flags’ Stars.
Secretary Metcalf issued orders providing
for the addition of one star through the ad
vent of Oklahoma in the Union. On July 4
the flags will contain 46 stars arranged in
six rows.
Socialists Meet.
The socialists of lowa met in Des Moines
Monday, March 23, and nominated a full state
Admiral Goodrich.
Rear Admiral Goodrich has been chosen by
Secretary of the Navy Metcalf to'make an
inspection of the Atlantic and Gulf navy
yards with the object of re-organizing the
present method of conducting the work.
HAVE YOU ANY FRIENDS?
Each one of our subscribers is requested to
send us the names and postoffice addresses of
a few friends to whom we may send sample
copies of the Jeffersonian.
Don't send the names of every fellow you
know, because some fellows read but Little
and don’t think at all. It would be wasteful
to send the paper to such unfortunates. But
everyone knows a number who do read, think
and inquire, and to all such we want to intro
duce the Jeffersonian and ask them to sub
scribe.
Send us the names, and help 'to give the
Jeffersonian a boost. We know that wher
ever it has gone, it has set thoughtwaves in
motion; and it should go everywhere.
Address The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
THE POPULIST APPEAL: COME TO THE
CONVENTION.
Every citizen who really wishes a triumph
of the principles advocated by the People’s
Party, and who has the means at command,
should attend the National Convention to be
held at the Olympic theatre, in St. Louis, on
April 2.
It is true, you may have perfect confidence
that those who go will “do the right thing”;
but this is the same spirit of confidence which
lulled you to sleep in the old party, and your
awakening disclosed the bitter fact that
“your” party actually belonged body and soul
to the enemy.
Then there is another phase. The metro
politan press says we have no party left. A
small convention makes us appear insignifi
cant and will discourage and demoralize those
who are there. Fill that great theatre with a
throng of honest, sincere men, and the w 7 orld
will listen to what we say.
Brothers, the People’s Party must and
shall live. The old parties are both false, and
have been for many years. They have held
the people with soft promises and fed them
with hard and bitter realities. Today Bryan
is the democratic leader, and Roosevelt the
republican leader, yet neither can secure more
than half-hearted support of his ideas. Grant
ing complete sincerity to them both, the elec
tion of neither would result in any substantial
change from our present system. The Social
ists are earnest people, but they are asking
for something which our sober good sense
teaches us cannot be secured —the abolition
of private property and individual enter
prise; the Prohibitionists see but one mighty
issue, the closing of saloons, and the new In
dependence League, now a party, has failed
to strike at the root of the evils, while com
ing so far toward us that it feels like close
kin and will necessarily become of our house
hold when it has learned a few things that we
have found out long before.
The People’s Party is founded on certain
clearly defined issues and is different from all
other parties. -While the Hearst reformers say
the government shall issue all money and loan
it to the banks, we say the government shall
issue all money and loan it or put it out to
the people direct at a low rate of interest.
1 here is an apparent similarity*but in reality
a difference as wife as the sea between these
two propositions. We oppose bank issue of
money because it places the control of our
circulating medium in the hands of corpora
tions and individuals who may (and do) man
ipulate it to accomplish their own selfish ends:
also because we do not see any sense in the
industry ot our country being bled to pay in
terest for the use of its own credit. If the
banker is to be allowed to deposit securities
and draw money out of the treasury for his
use, why should not the planter be able to
deposit warehouse certificates of tobacco and
cotton and wheat, or the saw mill man ware
house receipts for lumber, or the land owner
good real estate, or the state or county its