“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLLEY’S
llr JL .ll SANITARIUM
For treatment of Nervous
Diseases, Opium, Alcoholic
' and °^ er drug addictions.
tF 1 For Particulars, address
Dr. B. M. Woolley Co.
• ——— !; __2s ATLANTA. GA.
The Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson
contains a biographical sketch written by him
self, and a careful selection of addresses made
by him during the last thirty year#.
These speeches cover a great variety of
subjects. They begin with a eulogy which Mr.
Watson delivered in the Georgia Legislature
on Alex H. Stephens. They contain some of
his Commencement speeches. They also con
tain his Labor Day speech, and many of his
political and economic addresses, the result of
years of the closest research and study. These
speeches cover the Child Labor question, Na
tional Finance, discussion of the Tariff Sys
tem, of the National Banking System, the
Government Ownership of Railroads, the cor
rupt legislation put upon the country by the
two old parties, a thorough exposition of the
principles of Jeffersonian Democracy and a
thorough treatment of the evils of class legis
lation which now oppress the people.
This book is illustrated, is printed in good
type, and is bound in cloth. Price, prepaid,
$1.50.
We will send this book free of charge to
any one who subscribes to the Jeffersonian
Magazine for five years at $5.00. The book
will also be sent as a premium to any one
who will raise a club of five subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each. It will be mailed as a premium
to any one who sends us six subscribers to
the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,.
Thomson, Ga.
Hand Book of Politics and Economics
In this large volume Mr. Watson gives a
mass of the most valuable statistical informa
tion bearing on every great subject, politi
cal and economic. He also gives the history
of political parties and a summary of all
political platforms.
He also gives a history of national legisla
tion, especially of that class of legislation
which now oppresses the common people.
The National Banking System is fully ex
plained, and its evils demonstrated. The black
chapter of financial legislation which began
with the Civil War and which had its cul
mination in the panic of 1907, Is given in full.
In this book you will learn all about our
system of Tariff taxation. You will find in it
the strongest arguments in favor of the gov
ernment ownership of railroads and other pub
lic utilities. You will find In it a discussion
of Socialism; the encroachments of the Fed
eral Judiciary; .he peculiar injustice of the
national government to the farming class; the
diangerous encroachments of the Catholic
elergy, and a clear statement of those reme
dies which should be applied in order that
the political body should be made whole.
Price, delivered, $1.99.
We will mall this book free of charge to
any one who sends us four subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.69 each, or who sends us five subscribers
te the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
es SI.H each.
AONM, THE JEFPRRBONIAN,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
SEPTEMBER
THIRD
The Weekly Jeffersonian will be Larger, Brighter and Better
The Weekly Jeffersonian will be Illustrated
The Weekly Jeffersonian will give the News of the Week
The Weekly Jeffersonian will give the Latest Campaign News
The Weekly Jeffersonian will contain articles for the Home Folks
T he Weekly Jeffersonian will have a Weekly Short Story
The Weekly Jeffersonian will be The Paper of the South
“Read, mark, learn and inwardly digest”
DV I ■
One Dollar
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
This is the magazine of the twentieth Century. It carries short
stories, poems, historical articles and special contributions on
governmental questions. Mr. Watson writes about 25 pages per
month.
ONLY ONE DOLLAR YEARLY
Limited to November Ist.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, - - Thomson, Ga.
IO Cents a Year
THE DIXIE HOME MAGAZINE ~~
Largest, brightest and finest ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE in the world for 10
cents a year, to introduce it ONLY.
R bright and up-to-date. Tells all about Southern Home Life. It is full of fine
LfejCV) engravings of grand scenery, buildings and famous people. Send at once. 10 cents a
KXKX year postpaid anywhere in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Six years 50 Vt/SCt/
lUniLJ cents, or, clubs of six names, 50 cents; 12 for sl. Send us a club. Money back if not IlyjT
delighted. Stamps taken. Cut this out. Send today. LxzLxy
THE DIXIE HOME, No. <J., Birmingham, Ala.
Sixteen Pa ß es Weekly
t SAMPLE FREE
TRIAL 52 WEEKS
S)ai&i.<3eaiA. Only 25 Cents
PAGE FIFTEEN