west at least three-fourths of a mile long,
which made splendid breastworks. F and
M were halted at the crop ditch, about 700
yards distant. The fields were covered with
a dense growth of hog weeds, about breast
high. We did not have long to wait, before
we heard in the enemy’s line, forward skir
mishers. We saw their skirmish line as it en
tered the field, and it did not take the second
look to discover that they were our colored
friends, as private John Smith eaid, “Na
gurs, bejasus. ” They advanced about 200
yards and halted, as they could hear our men
talking in the road. The Marion rifle pieces
were with F and M, on the right of the road,
and one of them drove them back. There was
a large live oak in the field about 100 yards
from their works, and a good many made for
that. Some officer was wounded under the
tree and they tried all day to get him out,
but the shells prevented his being rescued
until after dark. On the morning of the
7th, Major Wayne and his little army of
350 rifles and four pieces of artillery were
ready to receive a call from their friends, the
enemy. The Washington artillery and a por
tion of the infantry were on the left of the
road, while the Marion, with the rest of the
infantry, were on the right, while at the ex
treme right of our line was a company of dis
mounted cavalry numbering twenty men.
About 4 p.m. three regiments entered the field
at the same time, but at different places. The
one on the left advanced on the Washington
artillery and the one on the right of the road
on the Marion artillery, while the third regi
ment advanced on the cavalry on the right of
the line and F and M were ordered to their
support.
We double-quicked by the right flank, de
ployed as skirmishers. Being the orderly of
Company M placed me in the lead and I could
see what was going on at the right. I saw
the enemy advancing, which proved to be the
26th New York colored troops, I saw them
charge over our works and something else that
made my blood run cold, saw them bayonet
ing the wounded. The cavalry held their
position until fourteen out of the twenty had
been killed and wounded. When we were
within 200 yards of them Captain Hill or
dered me to right oblique, so as to form our
line in front of them. We had not left the
woods more than 30 yards, when a ball barely
missed my head. Looking beyond the works
I saw a burly mulatto loading his gun. Bring
ing my rifle to my shoulder I took aim at his
breast and fired. He jumped about three feet
high and fell backwards. After going about
300 yards the line was halted and commenced
firing. There were only 40 men in F and M;
think of that, 40 ragged Confederates under
the fire of 1,000 rifles, in the hands of 1,000
negroes, who did not observe the rules of civ
ilized warfare, but neither gave or begged for
quarter. In a statement made by General C.
A. Evans, there were 193,337 negroes in the
Federal army, and there was not one of them
but would have bayoneted a wounded man
or a prisoner. The dread of shell, grape, can
ister and balls is enough, but the thought of
a bayonet will make your blqod run cold,
flic uepo regiment crossed our line with
sensif on Mie pffty Hl# of battle,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
while the three on the left crossed by the left
flank, forming two sides of a square.
They moved slowly, firing as they advanced,
while the regulars held their own until the
head of the flanking column was opposite our
right, then the right of Company M caught it,
hot and heavy, as they had us under a cross
fire. My attention was attracted to the weeds
which seemed to be dancing a jig. I did not
know what to make of it until I looked to my
left and saw that the line had retreated and
left me, a target for the whole shooting match.
Right there I made the fastest run of my life.
Amidst a shower of bullets, I only touched the
ground in the highest places. I overtook Lieu
tenant James R. Dußose, who was in com
mand of the company, Captain Hill having
been wounded and left the field; and, strange
to relate, the only one touched by a bullet in
both companies during the fight. After re
treating 200 yards the line baited and com
menced firing. In the meantime the artillery
had defeated the two regiments on our left and
reinforcements were seen coming on the run
down the line. Company G, with 20 men,
passed me and struck the flanking column,
while a company of the 32nd, with 40 men,
stopped where I was. The Lieutenant gave
the order by the left flank, charge; they turned
to the left flank and halted. He tried to force
them to charge, threatening them with his
sword, but he could not budge them. He then
stepped in front of them with his sword in
one hand and his hat in the other, and said,
11 Follow me, boys.” It would have caused
your heart to swell with pride could
you have heard that wild rebel yell and to
have seen those boys charging to the front,
and the regulars who were never known to
take a back seat at a fight or frolic, charged
with them. As the charge got under way
Major Wayne and his orderly dashed in front
of the line and above the report of our rifles
I could hear him say, “Give them hell, my
regulars.” Before we got half way to them,
the negroes turned their backs on us and then
it was a foot race to our works, loading and
firing as we ran. The negroes leaped our
works and never halted until safe inside of
their own lines, while our boys mounted the
works and fired on them as long as one was to
be seen. During the charge I saw several at
tempts made by our boys to bayonet the
wounded, but were prevented by the officers.
Corporal Musgrove and myself flushed one in
the weeds and ordered him to surrender, but
he took Ao his heels running half bent with
his rifle in his right hand. We were loading,
and instead of returning my rammer, stuck it
under my left arm, and when I raised my rifle
to my shoulder I felt the rammer drop and I
halted and dropped to pick it up. I never
could explain why I did not fire, but a kind
providence was watching over me, for the ne
gro wheeled and fired as I dropped down,, the
ball passing over and within a few inches of
my head. If I had been on my feet the ball
would have passed through my body. Then
Musgrove fired and killed him. Sergeant Wat
son of Company F flushed a corporal and or
dered him to surrender, but he made a for
ward thrust with the butt of his rifle at Wat
son’s head and if he had hit it in the canter
wwild have killed him- but it- struck a little
to one side , and glanced, and before Watson
could recover himself the corporal dropped his
gun, seized him by the throat and choked
him down. Sergeant James Copeland saw
them as they toppled over in the weeds and
ran to his aid, putting his rifle to the corpor
al’s body and sending a ball through him and
then pulled him off. After Watson got up he
clubbed him four or five times with his rifle.
He had bitten one of Watson’s forefingers
nearly off. As they leaped our works the sun
had sunk to rest and the sombre shadows of
night were settling over what our colored
friends might have called their Waterloo.
All honor to Major Wayne, the hero of Wa
terloo, and his gallant command and especial
ly the Palmetto boys "who served their guns
with such deadly effect. At one discharge
from a parrot gun, 50 neg-roes were killed, by
a double charge of canister. The Lieutenant
who led the company from the 32nd in the
charge deserves a great deal of credit, for by
his bravery he turned the tide of battle in our
favor. History does not give an account of
another battle fought with such fearful odds
during the Civil War.
On the afternoon of the Bth the enemy
planted a battery on their line and shelled our
position on the right of the road until after
dark, wounding a number of men and horses.
During the night we were reinforced by the
28th Georgia battalion, 32nd and 47th Regi
ments, increasing our number to 1,500 men,
with General Robertson in command. Before
day on the 9th, the troops were drawn up in
line of battle, with the 28th and 47th on the
left and the 32nd and regulars on the right of
the road. As the first streaks of dawn showed
in the east, the skirmishers were sent forward
and tackled the works. The enemy replied
with only a scattering fire, then the line of
battle advanced, halting within 100 yards of
the works, the 32nd firing several volleys, kill
ing several of our own men. Major Wayne
sent his orderly to see where the skirmish line
was. He found it at the enemy’s works, but
not satisfied, jumped his horse through an em
brasure, then returned and told Major Wayne
there was not a Yankee over there. Then
the line advanced to the works, but Cuffee
had again given us the slip.
The 28th and 47th met with a warm recep
tion, but succeeded in carrying the works.
Our loss in capturing the works amounted to
100 men, killed and wounded, the most of
them belonged to the 28th and 47th. Scouts
were sent forward who found the enemv
strongly entrenched in another line of works,
too strong for our forces to assault, and we
held the line that we had captured. During
the night our friends boarded their transports
for a healthier climate and on the morning of
the 10th the regulars crossed the Stono river
to James Island. I had been in many charges,
both in skirmish and line of battle, but as
saulting a line of works in the dark certainly
tried my nerves as the regulars were advanc
ing on the position held by the artillery the
night before, and which we believed was still
there, but they bad carried it back to the other
line, afraid to have it so close to those ragged,
pilfering rebels.
W. H. ANDREWS,
Late Odwly Sft Cotn. Fii*st Ga.
PAGE SEVEN