The Elberton meeting on August
19 was in every respect a highly sat
isfactory gathering of representative
citizens of the town and vicinity.
The people turned out to hear Hon.
Thos. E. Watson’s presentation of vi
tal issues and gave him thoughtful
and sympathetic hearing.- Mr. Geo.
C. Grogan introduced the speaker in
an address fraught with deep earnest
ness and patriotism. He said, in
part:
Mr. Chairman, Ladies and Fellow
Georgians:
For the first time in my life I un
dertake to offer political counsel to
my fellow countrymen. Content in
my professional life, the political field
has never been attractive to me and
I have never sought to impose my po
litical views upon my fellow citizens.
Nevertheless, I have keenly watched
the stage whereon the political game
Was being played, until the conviction
has grown ■ upon me that my silence
need not longer be kept.
* * * * *
Party fealty is worthy and patriot
ic so long as the principles, objects
S rr •
I Jeffersonian Premiums |
is HOW TO GET UP A CLUB OUR premiums t$
JJ Every article offered is the best that JTJ
can be procured for the money. It is
Get the people Interested. Give them they can then easily be induced to sub- not our purpose to make a profit on Q/
an opportunity to read the paper. When scribe. these premiums. We have figured the
they have read it, they will know for preferred, the samples will be sent cost as low as possible, and offer them MkJ
themselves that it is the best paper in to you to distribute personally. Person- for the least number of subscriptions that Tj
the country ~ " * al and persistent solicitation is the great we can.
Write down the names and addresses secret of success - “It’s dogged as does RENEWALS JJ
write aown tne names and addresses t „ Renewals count the same as new sub-
of your friends who are not already sub. Send your names in at any tlme _e Ven scribers. QJ
senbers, and send them to us. We will i{ you have onJy one _ anj j Btate what SUBSCRIPTION RATES tV*!
send a sample copy of the paper to each premium you are working for. We will Jeffersonian Magazine, $1 per year; JmMJ
name by return mail. Within a few days acknowledge receipt and when you have Weekly Jeffersonian, $1 per year. fVj
call upon the persons and tell them the obtained enough subscriptions you can No premium allowed on subscriptions
X) sample was sent at your request, and claim the premium. for leS s than one year. UQ
M M
Ik Premiums for 15 Magazine Subscriptions, the world and its people—a Premiums for 5 Magazine Subscrintions
W or 10 Weekly Subscriptions e b s °° o k f or 3 Week!? SuLscriptioSs P " S ’ fll
LG -Unabridged 8 . 5 Bound in silk cloth DIXIE COOK BOOK—This is a twen-
tionary, well printed, well bound, nearly OLD MISSION SHELF CLOCK—With
LjJ 2,000 pages, with several thousand illus- real weights, beautiful and reliable. hold encyclopedia of house-
FV> trations, tables, colored plates and en- MISSION LAMP—Iron pedestal, ca- f'f*
ISksA gravings. It is at once a dictionary and thedral glass. Retail price sls. PRACTICAL FARMING AND GAR-
Oj an encyclopedia. DEN I NG—ln these days, when “rule"'of FT
fti old mission pendulum clock- Premiums for 8 Magazine Subscriptions, have S mueh W to iearn ien This W is rk a fT
JjM Eight-day movement, cathedral gong. The or 5 Weekly Subscrintions we all nave much to learn. This is a II
jjj case and dia! are of solid oak, with brass BREA k F \sT slt -Th pieces. ST™’ sT b °° k ' P ’' ,Ce 03
•KJ figures, hands and pendulum bulb. A Very handsome. pwpd dcahv qacetv
lAf guarantee by the manufacturers insures red letter students riri r tvtK-KtADY &afety RAZOR —Don t Fl
J®} its absolute reliability as a time-piece. Flexible leather covers red under eolfl ait f ° r barber ’ bUt shave yourself: '
LM Its rich artistic beauty will enhance the edges; contaln9 16 pic t ur es of the Holy y ° UrSelf fek
jT) decorative effect of any home. Land, 12 maps, and helps for the study mines.
JJpj DINNER SET—Forty-seven pieces, of the Bible. The words of Christ are OLD FASHIONED RAZOR—This is for gjS
OQ These are genuine, high-grade, expensive printed in bold red type. the Sood, old fashioned folks. It is a Q
dishes of semi-porcelain, with beautiful EGYPTIAN EBONY MANTEL CLOCK handsome $3 razor, made of the best JK
LJs{ French decorations and gold edges. Each —A beautiful ornament and a reliable English steel, mounted in a carved white
m piece is full size for everyday use. You time-piece. handle.
Jfcj will be surprised and pleased when you A PRESENTATION EDITION OF THE truit aec<3ratlons - fefcj
CQ see the set. BIBLE —Magnificently bound. CHINA CAKE SET—Seven pieces, lD
THE MONARCH ATLAS OF THE DAISY TRAVELING CLOCK—In Mo- FOUNTAIN PEN—Diamond point safe- PR
WORLD—Retail price SB. rocco case. ty clip, 14-karat gold. (A]
NEXT WEEK we will tell you all about the sewing machine and buggy that we will offer as premiums, beginning September 3.
Jottings “From The Fiberton Fleeting
and activities of that party are wor
thy and patriotic.
Beyond this, party fealty is blind
idolatry, generating and accumulat
ing corruption and will consummate
in the civil and moral death of the
Republic.
Personal loyalty to political leaders
those political leaders plant them
selves immovably upon righteous gov
ernmental policies and personify and
illustrate in their daily lives those in
tellectual and moral powers that can
establish, defend and maintain such
righteous policies.
Beyond this, loyalty to leaders is a
political fetich, a temporizing with
the duty of the citizen and a contemp
tible surrender of American man
hood.
The individual citizen is the civic
unit of the Republic. Than he, save
the God who made him, none is great
er. His intelligent, patriotic and un
purchasable ballot is the sword of his
civic power and the shield of his
country’s liberty.
*****
In this Presidential year political
issues of momentous and vital import-
3effersotiiart
ance are presented for our consider
ation, and these issues demand a find
ing at the bar of intelligent and pa
triotic judgment.
I do warn you that these are crucial
days in the developing history of this
.government. This Republic is not a
finished fabric. The masses of the
people are the sovereigns in a Repub
lican government.
The rights of the common people
can no more be disregarded than
their existence can be overlooked.
They have fought from the ranks in
times of battle. They have paid
with their toil the exactions of the
government in times of peace.
Therefore, my countrymen, I would
conjure you by your love for this
our common country, by your rever
ence for the memories of the fathers
wlio established it, whose lives de
fended and whose ashes are now com
mingling in its responsive soil; by
your hope and faith in its future, as
it shall become the home of our chil
dren, please God, to the latest gen
eration, that you study closely and
impartially the principles of each po
litical party, that you scrutinize
closely the characters of the leaders
of these parties, and then in the light
of your most intelligent and patriotic
judgment, and in the fear of God, in
scribe your names upon the standard
of him who will give the greatest
good to the greatest number of Amer
ican citizens.
This nominee, this distinguished
Georgian, hath already written . his
name proudly, safely arid indelibly
upon the pages of his country’s his
tory. Many men achieve great dis
tinction in some one vocation or pro
fession. There are lawyers as learn
ed, scholars as erudite, historians as
accurate, journalists as brilliant, ora
tors as eloquent and statesmen as
profound, but there is no living man
in all the broad domain of Georgia
who ever so combined all these great
and distinguishing qualities into one
composite, intellectual power as has
this gifted “ Tribune” of the people.
I do not foretell his victory, nor
do I prophesy his defeat; but I do
know that his warm, throbbing heart,
pulsing in sympathy with the toil
ing millions of our land, can no more
be changed by the glamour of vic
tory than his shining record can
(Continued on Page 10.)
PAGE SEVEN