PAGE TWELVE
We Have Been Treated to Con
siderably More of Epochial
Ellis
(continued from page one)
Lucien Knight, of the Georgian, and Pen
dleton, of the Telegraph, are contained in
“ Who's JF/to”.
Now, if Ellis were a man of consequence,
you’d find his name among the notables, in
“UVm’s Who".
The book is bulky, more than 2,000 pages,
and contains a short sketch of almost every
editor, distinguished lawyer, politician, au
thor, scientist, scholar, etc., that we can
boast.
But they missed so illustrious a person as,
William T. Ellis, Editor of the great Phila
delphia Record; Editor of the great Philadel
phia Press; stall' correspondent, celebrated
traveller, sporadic orator, and professional
champion of missions that are un-Scriptural.
Strange that “ Jl7/u7 JJ7w” should have over
looked so exalted a personage.
It is possible that Epochical Ellis may be
in U7n>" for 11)08-9: if not, you may
bet that he will climb into the next edition if
he possibly can.
Still yearning to learn something of Ellis,
I turned to ‘‘The United Editors' Encyclo
pedia' 1 . This is an up-to-date work of forty
volumes. Its purpose is to give Editors quick
access to knowledge about all persons and
things.
Vainly did 1 seek the name of William T.
Ellis. The noted missionary William Ellis,
who died in 1872, is mentioned, and a biogra
phical sketch given: but there isn’t a word
about William T., the Perambulating Racket
of the present day.
Again I ask: Who and what is Wm. T.
Ellis? He has not been able to write a letter,
since he was imported to demolish me, that
was not full of absurdities; he has not made
a speech that was not, at some portion of it,
hissed. The language he uses in addressing
a mixed audience, (containing many Southern
ladies,) would cause him to be put out of the
house if he were not talking to a lot of ex
cited partisans. Suppose I were to stand be
fore an Atlanta audience, speaking of some
public man, and should say of him that he is
a person who “wears out his pants before he
does his shoes''. Would not you be greatly
surprised if I were not hooted off the stage?
That is the kind of language that Ellis used
about me, and there must have been several
hundred ladies present. He who came down
South because he said there was no Southern
gentleman with sufficient chivalry and cour
age to call me to account for my alleged attack
upon missionary ladies, used such gross lan
guage in the presence of ladies, that he was
hissed.
To prejudice the audience against me from
the very beginning, he declared that I had
said there were more foreign missionaries
ruined by Chinamen, than there were Chinese
converted. Mr. Ellis says that I not only
made this statement, but that after he had
gone to Macon and jumped on me about it, I
had “the brazen effrontery to repeat the slan
der". Every reader of The Jeffersonians,
every reader of the Macon Telegraph, every
reader of “Foreign Missions Exposed”, knows
that the charge brought against me by Ellis
is absolutely without foundation. There was
a question of veracity between Miss Helen
Clark and a newspaper reporter as to whether
she had used the words which the reckless
Ellis tried to saddle on me. She denied hav
ing used the language attributed to her, but
she repeated what she had told the reporter,
towit: that she had seen the effect in blighted
homes and ruined lives all around her, of the
system which assigned a white girl to teach a
yellow man. There was a question of veracity
between Mr. Paul Bowers and Mr. Paul
Wakefield, as to whether Wakefield had used
Gb* 3effersortiati
that same language in Crawfordville, Indiana,
where Wakefield had gone to lecture. Mr.
Bowers declares that that statement was made
in Wakefield's room, by Wakefield, and taken
down in the reporter's notes. The Manrys,
(Rev. Walter Manry and his wife,) declare
that Wakefield did not make that statement,
when delivering his lecture in the church.
NOBODY EVER ACCUSED ME OF
MAKING THAT STATEMENT, UNTIL
ELLIS J FAN IMPORTED FOR THE
PURPOSE OF STIRRING UP HATRED
AGAINST ME. I was perfectly amazed
when he went to Macon and made the accu
ation. ' ;
HE IS A SUBSCRIBER OF THE JEF
FERSONIANS, and if he does not know it,
he ought to know it, that I have repeatedly
denied ever having made any charge, upon
my own knowledge, about any of their do
ings in the mission work. MY FACTS ARE
TAKEN FROM THEIR OWN PUBLI
CATIONS.
As to the missionaries who are ruined in
their work, I quoted what Wakefield had
said at Crawfordville, towit: “That the
missionaries had long known of the conse
quences of individual instruction, and were
not at all surprised when they learned of El
sie Siegel's tragic fate."
Mrs. Manry repeated that statement over
the telephone to Mr. Peterson, the reporter
of the Crawfordville Review. Wakefield,
himself, made the statement to Mr. Bowers,
the reporter of the Crawfordville Journal.
Upon this statement I based an editorial:
“ What We Missionaries Concealed."
Mr. Ellis says that I cannot know any
thing about “the kind of poverty” that ex
ists in the Orient : he says that he has seen
two million Chinese suffering, on the ground,
howling for help. If you will pause a mo
ment to calculate what kind of a crowd two
million people would make, you will begin
to have very serious doubts as to whether Mr.
Ellis is capable of telling the truth about
any earthly subject. That there is poverty
in China, no one can doubt, but we are not
responsible for the poor people of foreign
countries —certainly not until we have first
provided for those of our own national
household. In this country we have a “kind
of poverty” that puts men and women to
death, and I don’t know what more Oriental
poverty can do. In our mining regions, in
the poorer wards of our cities, among our
country laboring people, among the wage
earners of the big cities, there is a squalor
and suffering that is indescribable, and if
there is a spectacle more pitiable than that
of the homeless, friendless, ragged, money
less, hungry American men, women and
children, my imagination cannot conceive it.
I have never contended that what we did
for the foreigner is of no benefit to him. It
is not necessary to introduce Mr. Bryan, Mr.
Roosevelt, Mr. Tait, Mr. Carpenter, Mr. Ellis
to prove what I have freely admitted all the
time. No sane man would deny that free
schools, medical attention, medicines, benefit
the sick people upon whom the Foreign Mis
sionaries lavish it. No sensible man could
combat the proposition that the up-to-date
dentists that clean the teeth of a nigger on
the Congo, and gets all the decaying bone out
of the cavity, and plugs the hole up with
gold leaf, has done the negro good service.
No sensible man will deny that it is a great
benefit to the widows and orphans of India,
and other Eastern lands, to be given a com
fortable home, comfortable clothing, comfort
able food, and literary instruction as well as
college teaching. I won’t deny that it is a
good thing for the heathen when we extract
money from our American congregations and
buy chests of carpenter’s tools, kits of black
smith tools, the best of farm implements, and
carry them abroad to teach the heathen up
to-date farming. I will not combat the prop
osition that it is a good thing for “dear little
Dora”, when she is purchased from her kin,
to be put into the kindergarten, and there
cared for during her infancy, taught to play
the piano, clothed like a fashionable Ameri
can girl, and put at mission work or married
to one of the native workers, who is “win
ning souls” at so many dollars per month.
The magnificent colleges, the splendid hos
pitals, the free apothecary shops, the free ag
ricultural and industrial schools—who can
deny that this is good for those who reap the
benefit? The point that I make is, that there
is no Scripture for this, and that when we do
it, TO THE NEGLECT OF THOSE WHO
NEED IT IN OUR OWN NATIONAL
HOUSEHOLD, we are committing a crime
against our own flesh and blood, and the fu
ture of our own country.
To incline the minds and hearts of his au
dience against me, Ellis stated I had been
educated by a charitable friend at “a mission
school”.
It is a shame that Dr. Broughton did not
correct that statement, for he knows it isn’t
true.
My father paid for my tuition, until I went
to Mercer University, where I received, to the
extent of the tuition, ($120) the benefit of
two terms—my board in the Mess Hall being
paid by my father.
There was an unpaid balance of SSO due
the Steed Brothers for my tuition at the
Thomson High School; but I paid this, my
self. with part of what I earned, teaching,
during the College vacation of 1874.
I was but sixteen years old, when the debt
was incurred by my father, and the Steeds
rather demurred to my paying it; but I in
sisted that the benefit had accrued to me, and
that I preferred to pay the debt.
Jesse Mercer did not found his glorious
University in Shanghai or Soochow, or Ha
vanna—thank God ! He placed it among his
own people, and thousands of Southern men
are better citizens because of it.
Alexander H. Stephens was educated by
believers in Home Missions, —and his work,
in educating poor boys, was confined to his
own great white race.
Thomas Jefferson didn’t go to Mexico or
South America to establish the grand Uni
versity of Virginia. No: he placed it among
his own people.
Reverently, I follow T the example of Mercer,
of Stephens, of Jefferson. Whatever it is in
me to do for the mental improvement of my
fellowman, shall be done for my own flesh
and, blood.
To the heathen I will send no more than
Christ commanded— the Word of God, the
law of Jesus Christ and Him crucified.
Ellis read letters to prove that no mission
aries had given up in despair. I quoted,
from the Los Angeles Times, the interview
of Dr. Ernest H. Bach. He was reported as
saying that he had quit, and he named sev
eral others.
How can you place any confidence in what
Ellis says on this point, after having learned
how untruthful he was about the Elsie Siegel
case, and about my having had “the brazen
effrontery” to repeat a charge, which you
know I did not make, and could not “repeat”?
At the time when poor Elsie’s body was
found in her “convert’s” trunk, nobody de
nied that she was a missionary. At Macon,
Ellis did so. I dared him to go over to New
York, and get the affidavits of the girl’s
mother, aunt and uncle. Ellis knew that the
family would make oath that she was a mis
sionary-had felt “called”, and had devoted
her pure young life to that work, against the
bitter opposition of her father and her uncle.
The latter got so angry with the girl and her
mission-crazed mother* that he ceased to visit
his brother's house. The father took the
tragedy so much to heart that he soon died.
And now Ellis pretends to offer evidence
that the victim of the devilish Chinks, and
of the system of individual missionary in
struction, was not “an authorized mission
ary”. The word “authorized" is a slip-gap