PAGE SIX
TARMERS’ UNION DEPART WENT
STOCK SENSE.
Guessing at weight is unsatisfactory. The
seller usually gets the worst of the trade.
It is usually safe to let hogs go, if the price
is right, when they weigh 200 to 250 pounds.
An animal is market size, in the estimation
of some one. if it is fat, and smooth and at
tractive.
While oats will always be a leading food
for colts, it will do them good to have a lit-
corn fodder and hay.
All foods given young animals should be
intended to produce development of bone and
musle rather than fat.
It is certainly poor management to let colts,
calves, or other young animals, get into a run
down condition during the winter.
Tools, in however good condition they may
be, are useless if they can not be found. Ev
ery one should have its place. —Texas Farmer.
THE QUIETER WAYS OF PROGRESS.
The last few davs have brought no events
that stand out as of striking importance, and
yet in a quiet way there have been many de
velopments of deep significance to the man
who studies movements rather than isolated
/
events. And to such a man the study of the
progress of the world has seldom furnished
more encouragement than for the last few
months. He is a short-sighted man indeed
who does not find in current history deep
reason for increasing faith that the world is
growing better and that the “thoughts of men
are widened with the process of the suns.” —
Pr ogre ss ive Fa rm er.
A WORD OF WARNING.
Do not fail to plant a large crop of corn,
oats. peas, and potatoes, and make your liv
ing at home. This is the secret of success in
farm life. This will eliminate the mortgage
system, which has been a source of depressing
the poor ever since the civil war. It has done
more to destroy confidence in the human fam
ily than anything on earth. The only way to
eliminate this system is by making your liv
ing at home and stay with it —raise more mule
colts, more sheep, more hogs. Can more fruit
at home. In other words, raise everything
you can. and that means a good living, at
home and have something to spare.
There is more money in ribbon cane, mule
colts, or almost anything, than there is in cot
ton. Let 1908 be the year that the farmers of
Mississippi will raise everything on their
farms that will grow successfully here and we
will all live well in 190 S Union
Advocate.
SAVE OR SUFFER.
An anonymous writer in an exchange de
clares that be and his wife have for an en
tire vear saved $8 a week out of a weeklv sal
ary of sl6. After their marriage, to which
estate neither party brought anything except
a few clothes, good health and clean grit,
they looked the future fully and fearlessly in
the face, and one look was enough to show
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
them that it had nothing in store for them
which they would not have to earn. They
had no “expectations.” no rich kin. no ships
coming in. They would have to work for
their money and rely upon themselves. So
they agreed to save half of their sixteen dol
lars every week. They rented two rooms for
$3.50 weekly, and spent $4.50 for what they
had to have. And they were surprised when
they put their plan into practice at the num
ber. variety and costliness of the things they
could do without. The result has been that
they have in fifty-two weeks accumulated
enough to make them fairly independent of
panics. In another year's lime, if sickness
or loss of work do n<»t intervene, they expect
to have capital enough (<• establish themselves
in a small business in the line of which the
husband has experience.
There is no room for doubt that muuh <•'
the hardships ami suffering brought upon men.
women and children of the laboring ami
salaried class, not to mention the others,
could have been averted by the use of a lit
tle common sense and stinginess in the days of
prosperity. Il matters not a particle how
high wages may go. how eager employers may
become for help, how short the working day
may be made, or how liberal retail merchants
may become in the extension of credits in flush
times, if the recipients of wages and salaries
do not put by a share of their earnings for
use in emergencies they certainly will suffer
when industrial conditions reverse themselves,
as industrial conditions constantly do.
The homely habits of thrift and ’’nearness’’
have well-nigh played out in the very circles
where thev are most urgentlv needed. The
man with a trade who draws $4. $5, or $6 a
day when work is plentiful often wears pat
ent leather shoes “on the job.” not in order
to be dressy, for he doesn't care for the shine
when at work, but merely because he has be
come addicted to extravagance. His wife
wears plumed millinery, with frequent
changes, the 'price of a single piece of which
would have clothed her grandmother a whole
year. Their children wear out storebought
suits and dresses at the rate of half a dozen
each per annum, and the home in which they
live is often furnished with a miscellaneous
assortment of merchandise that costs in tlie
aggregate more than the old homestead back
in the country would bring on the market.
The salaried man with a hundred or more dol
lars a month patronizes an exclusive tailor,
sends his shirts to the laundry and eats fifty
cent lunches regularly, while his wife and
children indulge their tastes in near-finery of
much cost and little wearing quality, and keep
a wasteful cook to fry the diurnal steak and
scorch the matutinal potatoes. Upon such an
improvident and indefensible scale thousands
of families make their way while employment
is sure, and when that is gone they pinch along
miserably, pessimistic and rebellious. They
suffer physically, mentally and. not infre
quently, morally, by reason of their own im
providence.
This is not a criticism of wage-earners as
such. Thev may have as refined tastes and
be ethically entitled to as good fare and as
attractive surroundings as are those who are
better able to afford them. But it is folly for
the man whose dependence and that of his
family is solely upon his own labor to indulge
himself or his dependent ones in extravagances
which jeopardize their self-respect. Men and
women wage-earners must save, must sacrifice,
must deny themselves many of the luxuries
and pleasures they crave and are capacitated
to enjoy, or they must, later, suffer humilia
tion, pariships and perhaps actual hunger
Dallas News.
RESOLUTIONS FOR GOOD OF THE
ORDER.
Grapevine, Texas, Feb. 20, 1908.
Resolved. That we the members of Old Union
Local No. 1166 hereby express to the brethren
of Texas our best wishes and fraternal greet
ings and promise them our hearty co-operation
in all we undertake and say, in “thunder
tones,” Don’t become weary but let us all re
new our pledge, “On to victory” for 1908,
and. as our forefathers by grit and determi
nation:
Unfurled the grand old stars and stripes
To float triumphant in freedom's breeze,
And were victorious over their enemies and
their dislikes,
Then to our grand principles let us everlast
ingly freeze.
I
And with wisdom and discreetness let us < :
ward go
Until we reach a grand, sweeping victory over
every foe,
And know no defeat, but keep a steady pace,
And with power and courage meet the enemy
face to face.
And as the enemy send out ducks to mislead
and decoy
Our aims and purposes and our grand Order
to destroy,
Then let us rally ourselves to the fight and
defend
To the last ditch and a glorious victory in the
end.
Resolved, That we send this notice to the
Farm and Ranch, also a copy to Watson’s
weekly.
W. W. Green. Jas. 11. Davis, Committee on
Good of the Order.
GEO. M. BOR AGER , Secretary.
For Sale
Pure Pulnott Cotton Seed.
Pure and unmixed. If not as represented re
turn them at my expense and the price will
be refunded. Prices: SI.OO per bushel; or
ders for over 40 bushels at 90 cents per bushel.
J. E. BRADBURY, JR.
Athens, Ga., R. F. D. 4.