PAGE EIGHT
the JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
Temple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
Knttnd at Ptittjfct, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, IQO7, at nctnd
clan mall matt.r
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, April 23, 1908
{TR ADC S H C OUNOLfr
Hysterics in the Gubernatorial *
Campaign.
If the gubernatorial campaign in Geor
gia had to run on, through all the sum
mer and into October, there is no telling
to what pitch political hysteria might go.
We never knew it to be so violent so
soon after the campaign opened. Consid
ering that only one of the candidates is
an orator and is making the welkin ring,
the amount of noise with which the wel
kin does ring is phenomenal.
The Jeffersonian is getting a great deal
of quiet amusement out of the situation,
for this is one time when The Jeffer
sonian is not mixed in the fray. Being a
mere looker-on in Vienna, we can afford
to take things philosophically and to
comment upon passing events with good
natured impartiality.
That a fight between the Smiths and
the Browns should naturally create di
vision among the Joneses is the most
natural thing in the world, and we have
no doubt that these painful differences of
opinion and of interest which have al
ready sprung up in our three leading
families, will gradually disseminate them
selves throughout the state.
Why it is that any one should really
believe that the prohibition law is in
volved in this campaign we can not un
derstand. At the last session of the Leg
islature the Prohibitionists swooped
down upon the state capitol and, in spite
of the hostile attitude of Governor Hoke
Smith, they wrung the prohibitory stat
ute from the Georgia solons. If the pro
hibition sentiment was so powerful then
that it asked no odds of a hostile gov
ernor, why shall anybody think that it
will not maintain its ground, now that
every politician in the country realizes
how suicidal it would be to antagonize
it? As both candidates for governor
have repeatedly and positively and pub
licly pledged themselves to enforce the
prohibition law, and inasmuch as a gov
ernor can not make laws, nor repeal
them, nor amend them, we really can not
take any stock in this alarm which cer
tain politicians have created among the
honest, disinterested Prohibitionists of
this State.
TH® JEFFERSONIAN.
As to amendments, we ourselves—the
life-long Prohibitionists —may want the
Legislature to amend the law in such a
way as to make it impossible for the
liquor dealers to whip the devil around
the stump by selling whiskey and other
intoxicants under the alluring and de
ceptive name of ‘"soft drinks.”
The recent decision of the Court of Ap
peals emphasizes the necessity for put
ting some limit upon the amount of al
cohol which may be lawfully used in the
so-called “soft drinks.” It appears to be
admitted on all sides, that a certain
amount of alcohol may be lawfully used
in the making of “soft drinks,” as well
as in the making of certain medicines.
This being so, it is easy to see how the
privilege can be abused. Under the pre
tense of selling medicines and “soft
drinks” unscrupulous dealers will hand
out to boys, as well a-s to men, beverages
that are just as harmful as whiskey itself
would be. Consequently, it is highly im
portant that the prohibition leaders
should come to some decision as to what
percentage of alcohol shall be made law
ful in the preparation of medicines and
“soft drinks.” Then, when the percentage
is agreed on, the Legislature should adopt
it and make illegal and penal the use of
any greater percentage of alcohol.
As to the disfranchisement law, it grew
out of the speech which Mr. Watson
made in Atlanta on the night of Septem
ber 1, 1904. Following this address, in
which Populist aid was publicly pledged
to the Democrats if they would, in good
faith, propose the disfranchisement of
the negroes in order to bring about po
litical independence for the whites, Con
gressman T. W. Hardwick visited Mr.
Watson at his home, and proposed such
an alliance between the Democrats and
the Populists. Mr. Watson agreed, and
he and Mr. Hardwick both contemplated
the Hon. Pope Brown as the candidate
who should make the race for governor,
with a disfranchisement plank as the
leading feature of his platform. Mr. Pope
Brown entered the race, accordingly, and
everything appeared to be moving as well
as could be expected, when suddenly,
without any consultation with Mr. Wat
son, or any previous notice to him, Pope
Brown was retired and Hoke Smith sub
stituted. After this was done, there were
several weeks of hesitation on the part
of Mr. Watson before he finally decided
that, on account of the principle involved
and the position of Mr. Hardwick, he
would go forward and carry out, in good
faith, his part of the contract.
The rest of it is well known. When it
appeared probable that the Legislature
would adjourn without acting upon the
disfranchisement law, it was Mr. Hard
wick who went in person to Atlanta, and,
by the hardest kind of work, finally se’
cured the passage of the bill. Now that
the Legislature has acted upon it, the
fate of the measure is in the hands of the
people. They vote upon it as a separate
issue at the October election, and neither
candidate for governor has a thing to do
with the result of the ballot. In other
words, the disfranchisement of the negro
is now an issue which is up to the people,
and the people themselves pass on it, for
or against, when they vote for governor
in October. *
The Jeffersonian is not, at present, for
Hoke Smith nor for Joe Brown. It has
no intention of supporting either, but
we think it due to our readers that they
should have an unbiased and honest opin
ion, from time to time, on matters touch
ing the campaign. '
LET THE PEOPLE BE CAREFUL
WHOM THEY SEND TO THE LEG
ISLATURE. That is the point of danger.
Whiskey can not be brought back unless
you do it by electing the wrong men to
the House and Senate. And negro dis
franchisement can not fail if you your
selves vote “FOR THE AMEND
MENT,” in October.
H
Mr. Hearst and His League.
In the Chicago election, which came
off in the fall of 1906, the Independence
League, whose nature was not then so
well understood, polled a vote of 40,000.
In the election which came off in the
same city last week the League polled
only 15,000 votes. The total vote in the
city was 255,000; therefore it will be seen
that Mr. Hearst’s league is losing ground
surprisingly.
Why is this? There never was a time
when a really independent movement
might be expected to drum up a larger
following. In Chicago, particularly, one
would suppose that party names and
party ties amount to almost nothing. Yet
with all his newspaper influence and all
of his financial resources, and with all
of the strength of a two-year or
ganization, Mr. Hearst finds his follow
ing in Chicago reduced to insignificance.
We believe that the true explanation
lies in the fact that the people have lost
confidence in Mr. Hearst as a reformer.
Ever since he made his deal with Murphy
—the Tammany boss —a man whom Mr..
Hearst had denounced as a criminal who
ought to be sent to Sing Sing—those who
had previously believed in Mr. Hearst be
came very much shaken. When he fol
lowed up his alliance with Murphy by
confederating with the Republicans in
the next campaign, there was hardly any
thing left for Mr. Hearst except that
which he could buy.
As soon as it began to be known that
the Independence League was a copy
righted affair, which was the private
property of Mr. Hearst, and which pos
sessed no independence whatsoever, his
chances for winning public favor were
gone. There is too much individuality
among the American people, and too
much inborn tendency toward individual