THROUGH THE GATES OF GOLD.
(Continued from Page Three.)
soul. She knew that other by his
stall-fed appetite, his animal instincts,
his stupidity, his careless dress, his
unwashed hands. It was always with
a choke in her throat that she set her
face homeward. But it Was, perhaps,
this glimpse of her ideals that set
her a-dreaming again. What, if the
future held for her some blessed boon
through which she could retrieve her
self? Her body tingled with the
thought; her heart was attune with the
hope that some time she would give
to the world such a son —such a son!
That, indeed, were worth living for.
From thenceforth she went about with
a light in her eyes that had never be
fore shone there. She would send
out into the world the living evangel
of her hearty the interpreter of her
message, to show forth her ideals of
praise and beauty.
Fate for once was kind. The un
utterable joy of a mother’s love was
hers~ And when she held in her arms
a baby son, and looked into the little
face which answered smile for smile,
how she dreamed! 0 how she dream
ed ! All the pent-up love of her stunt
ed life she lavished freely on this
tiny atom of humanity. The love of
her husband, rugged and kindly as it
was, met her sincere and loyal devo
tion ; but this, the hope and solace*
of her dreams, was her own —bone of
her bone, flesh of her flesh —her son.
She spent her leisure hours with the
child upon her knee, as Hannah, the
mother of Samuel, might have done,
caressing the rings of golden hair, the
soft pink palms, listening to his ten
der cooing, and looking with mother
wise fondness into the blue depths of
his baby eyes. The stroitg' prayer
which was now her 44 vital breath”
was that God should call her son to
interpret her soul unto the world;
that he should be a messenger of light,
perfect in strength and.beauty, glo
rious as an angel of mercy —in love
divine, the realization of her fondest
hopes.
So she spun her beautiful fancies.
Still she dreamed such wonderful
dreams that there stood at last by
her side, a being most glorious, beau
tiful as the morning—her dream
child. He was the consummation of
her hopes, yet her son —the very same
that lay upon her knee —separate only
as she had always separated the ma
terial from the ideal.
The baby grew. The rings of gold
en hair lengthened to silky curls. The
pink-and-white flesh deepened and
rounded into dimpled curves. The
eyes, blue as the azure heaven, looked
into his mother’s face with worship
ful love.
And the mother? She worshiped
God as Hannah of old the “Lord of
hosts in Shiloh.” Toil was no longer
a drag and penance. Here was some
thing to hope so tangible some
thing on which to base her dreams and
anchor her prayers. She did not
doubt this embryo substance of her
ideal man. He was spirit of her spir
it. She knew him by certain infal
lible signs of faith. She called him
“by name.” Her soul answered his
in the first lisping words that bub
bled over his tender lips: “I love
you, mother.” And it was ever thus.
There was never a day, when the lips
found speech, that she did not hear
the message of his loyal heart: 44 1
you, mother.”
And her response, glad with the joy
of it, z was always really: 44 1 know
you do, my darling; mother knows it
well.”
They were companions—mother and
son —and the mother grew young again
in his company. She entered into his
childish sports and innocent amuse
ments. As he grew older, they began
Io explore the valley and take long
hours oft' as recreation. Together they
trod the dim woods, the fields, the hill
side paths, hand in hand; together
they sat by the river, watching the
sweep and flow of its current, the
ceaseless flash and dimple of its wa
ters; and they watched together the
one gap in the valley —that alluring
glimpse of the great outer world
through which the setting sun poured
his glory. Together they stood by the
pasture bars and watched through the
twilight glow the lengthening shadows
creep from the hills or the swallows
flit across tlue evening sky.
They were alone, yet not alone.
With the mother there was ever that
subtle presence, the dream child, beau
tiful as the morning, who strength
ened her spirit and inspired her
thoughts. He was ever with her,
lovely in person, gentle in manner,
lordly in power. Her heart was his
abiding place; yet she saw him—this
winged spirit of her dreams—borne
on the outgoing mission of her prayer
into the world’s vast arena, a leared
among men, having the power of
knowledge; a man of lofty spirit, of
incorruptible honor; an uplift to hu
manity.
He was her son. She knew him by
the truth of his lips, by his courtly
dginity among men, his reverence to
womankind, by the “gentleness” that
made him “great,” by his unspotted
garments; she knew him for her son
when the poor blessed him in the
streets, when the aged leaned upon
him, and mothers laid trembling hands
upon his head; she knew him —this
beautiful dream child, the ideal of
her waiting heart —by those infalli
ble signs of the Christian gentleman
and scholar.
There was the pallor on his brow,
the refined east of feature, the clear
light of the student’s eye —the un
mistakable impressions of cultured
though I. Womanlike, * and like the
mother, she noted even his cleanly
person? his polished nails, and careful
dress. Withal there were the same
gentle deference, the modest bearing,
and noble uplift of soul that charac-
Ed<rly Cotton Seeds
IN ORDER to whip the 801 l Weevil it is wise to plant early matur
ing varieties of Cotton. From experience we recommend, King’s North
Carolina Stock, Toole’s Improved, Simpkin’s Early Prolific, Mebanes Tri
umph and World’s Wonder as the best and most reliable of the early
varieties. Our seeds are true to name and no fancy prices and of best
selections. Prices for World’s Wonder $1.75 bushel, 5 to 10 bushels, $1.50
bushel, 25 bushels and over, $1.25 bushel. All the others, 1 bushel
$1.25, 5 to 10 bushels at SI.OO, 25 to 90 bushels at 90c, 100 bushels at
85c. Car load lots (1,000 bushels) King’s and Toole’s at very low prices.
Write for it. Forty years in business enables us to offer purer stock
and better prices than usual. We offer 40 other varieties of cotton. Also
all Garden, Field and Flower Seeds.
MARK W. JOHNSON SEED COMPANY,
ATLANTA, - GEORGIA.
Z3l)e Jeffersonian
terized her scholar. He was hers for
all time, and in him she found full
compensation for all she had lost in
herself.
It was little wonder, then, that the
mother walked with her son in the
flesh and revealed to his childish eyes
whatsoever she found that was beauti
ful and lovely in that rugged valley.
Were it but a glimpse of an azure
sky, a rosy cloud, a golden dawn, or
a gorgeous sunset, if it were but the
dainty bloom of a flower, the delicate
veining of a leaf, a snow crystal on
the window*" pane, a moss-covered
stone, a bright-colored pebble, or even
the long lush grasses that overgrew
the meadow brook or the willows that
trailed their slender leaves in the clear
running water, she opened to the
child’s understanding the glory and
beauty of it all, the goodness and
greatness of God.
The day came when the child, with
his books and dinner pail, started to
Glendower school. Did the mother
return to her treadmill existence of
toil and lonely hours'? 0, no! Toil
was no longer toil while her dream
child walked with her in a garden of
lilies and whispered unutterable
things. But the schoolboy! What
hopes and aspirations were his! What
a wonderland he was entering—the
old and worn roadway, where schol
ars had passed on before and guided
the young with signposts of learning!
To the mother there v?Bs a latent
genius in pen and copybook, a subtle
power in slate and pencil—and what
a charm in English grammar!
Phrases at first laboriously picked
out gave place to carefully worded
sentences; and the wonder grew as
sentence and paragraph gradually
evolved into the boy’s first composi
tion.
As book after book unfolded its
knowledge to the bright and curious
mind of the boy, the mother, with a
bouyant hope, saw before him a pros
pect fairer than she had ever dream
ed. He was living in the dawning of a
new age. There were rapid strides
in learning and easier facilities for
gaining knowledge. This was an age
of universities and free libraries. In
ventions, wonderful and many, were
coming in. What possibilities lay
waiting for the schoolboy! What
chances for work or worship—for the
temple of industry or the gates of
praise!
To be Continued.
The simplified spelling society has
sent out the address of its president,
the alphabet?
12 Japo-Silk Post Cards
FREE
These Japo Silk Post Cards are strictly
high class and are not like any that you
have ever seen before, for they are entirely
new. Each card is in seven or more beau
tiful natural colors, and is made of Japo
Silk. The complete set Includes reproduc
tions from original paintings by some of
the world’s most famous artists. Japo-
Silk cards are manufactured by a secret
process. They are rare and expensive.
Each card can be framed or made the
gem of any collection.
Our supply of “Japo-Silk” cards is lim
ited. but we will give a set free to every
reader of this paper who will send ten
cents for three months subscription to
the “Farmers’ Voice.” No two cards are
alike. An extra surprise accompanies each
sot of “Japo-Silk” cards. Ask for the
surprise sure.
If for any reason you are not satisfied
with the set after you see it, I will re
fund your money cheerfully and without
quibbling. Doesn’t that show my sin
cerity?
'The Farmers’ Voice, Dept. A5, Chi
cago, 111.
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian for 3
months, the Farmers’ Voice for 3 months,
and the 12 Japo-Silk Post Cards, all for
25 cents. Send a quarter in silver or
stamps to the Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
AAA TO ALL SUFFERERS to intro
duce our Combined systems of
mrr healing. Enclose 4 cents postage.
IKLIL Ad(lress Carl E. Johnson, Deca-
FOR SALE
Genuine Toole Prolific Cotton Seed,
bushel 90 cents, 10 bushel lots 85
cents, 20 or more bushels 75 cents.
W. T. GILBERT, Vienna, Ga.
N. L. Willet Seed Co.,
AUGUSTA, GA.
Write lor Our 1909 Seed Catalogue
Buy of us Seed, Grains Corns, Melons. Peanuts,
Millets and all Garden Seeds, all the Grasses. In
secticides, Spraying Machines, Willet’s Poultry
Feed, and Cypher’s Incubators; also Cow Peas.
Largest dealers in the South, for Ameiican and
foreign use, of cotton planting seeds.
I wish to state to the read
ers of this paper that I do
first-class Cleaning, Pressing
and altering. Phone 143 for
prices.
THOMSON PRESSING CLUB
Chai. Porter, Prop., THOMSON, GA.
Young’s New Berry
The Berkeley.
A table berry, very like the raspberry;
very sweet; dark red when fully ripe. The
largest and finest berry of all. Very pro
ductive; grows In a long vine. 1 was
seven years making tills new berry. AU
kinds of berry plants for sale. Semi for
price list.
WM. A. YOUNG.
2625 Milvia St..
Berkeley, Cal.
Bloodless Method of Treating Cancer.
We make a specialty of treating and curing
external cancer. Have you one, or do you know
a friend who has one? If so, write us. NO CURE,
NO PAY.
Scientific remedy in scientific hands. No
operation, no loss of blcod. Can refer you to
many cases cured and now well. NO FAILURES.
DRS. MATTHEWS & KING
P. O. Box 56 Quitman, Ga.
COOK’S
Improved Cotton Seed for sale by
the originator at $1.50 per bushel,
money to accompany order.
J. R. COOK, Ellaville, Ga.
z -
EGGS FOR SALE FOR SETTING
PURPOSES.
Barred Plymouth Rock Eggs, SI.OO
for 15. Single comb White Leghorn
Eggs, SI.OO for 13. Two of the purest
and best breeds of chickens to be
found.
C. A. HALL, Dublin, Ga.
PAGE FIVE