hopes he will get to spend the time he will
be compelled to remain a prisoner in the camp.
He said the treatment is splendid, and that
conditions are as I found them all the while.
Cassidente is making a strenuous effort for
a pardon. He claims he was 1 ‘jobbed” into
the penitentiary.
There are many other prisoners whose names
would call up recollections of sensational
crimes. There is Sales, the negro, partner of
Tom Tabot, one of the men who recently
escaped; Jenkins, a Pueblo negro, who was
tending bar and who killed a man one night
because, as he says, “Ah jes’ had to kill- dat
man.” Riney, the Denver street ear hold
up, and many, many others—all now on the
highway to complete freedom, and all behav
ing as “trusties” in the true sense of the
term.
Now naturally, a man couldn’t be expected
to be happy or content in Such a camp, for
no matter the surroundings, and no matter the
conditions, it is still a convict camp, and
about that first word must cling an unfor
gettable odium. Nevertheless, the camp is
such a vast improvement over confinement in a
penitentiary, and they still have an isolation
almost as complete as that accorded by the
walls of the big prison, that the men in Camp
Cleghorn are going through their days in a
spirit that is at least closely akin to relief.
The officers of the camp—and somehow,
“officer” strikes my ear more softly than
“guard”—treat the men they are looking
after as men. They use no harsh language,
and they are not slave drivers in any sense.
The convicts in the state camp follow the
routine of laborers on an ordinary grading job
more than anything else, and one who did not
know would not realize that they were any
thing else.
The whole experiment may prove a failure,
of course. It may be a flash in the pan. But
if it continues to follow out the line of success
it has already achieved the convict problem
has been solved by the state of Colorado for
years to some.
WHAT WILL THE GREAT PARTIES SAY
ABOUT PROHIBITION, AT CHICAGO,
JUNE 16, AND DENVER, JULY 7?
What will the National Republican party
say about Prohibition at Chicago, June 16?
What will the Democrats say at Denver,
July 7?
Since the last national campaign the Pro
hibition issue has stirred the nation as no
other question since the Civil War.
Five whole states have been added to the
Prohibition column.
One hundred and fifty cities, from 50,000 to
150,000 population, and averaging nearly
25,000 each, have become Prohibition munici
palities.
Nearly 20,000,000 people then living in li
cense communities have been added to the
aggregate of those now in Prohibition terri
tory.
And all of these people in cities and states
have been vainly demanding of Congress pro
tection from invading brewers and distillers,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
who care nothing for the law or the people’s
will, and who are now engaged in trampling
the law under their feet under cover of friend
ly interstate regulations.
What will the parties say regarding this
issue?
Will they dare ignore it?
Or will they adopt the “Personal Liberty”
plank which the Chicago brewers have forced
into the platform of both old parties in Il
linois ?
A strong and independent plank on the
Prohibition issue, one way or the other, in the
only logical course for either of the two old
parties to take.
Silence in such an hour will mean downright
cowardice.
Will they dare be silent?
The eyes of 5,000,000 voters with Prohibi
tion convictions thoroughly aroused will watch
their deliberations.
SLAUGHTER OF THE TREES.
In fifty years we will have whole states as
bare as China. The Appalachians will be
stripped to bedrock. The Rockies will send
down vast floods which cannot be controlled.
The Canadian forests north of the Great
Lakes will be swept away. Our Middle West
will be bare. The Yazoo Delta will be ripped
apart because no levee will be able to stand
the floods of those days. We shall be living
in crowded concrete houses and at double the
rent we now pay. We shall make vehicles
of steel; use no wood for our farms. We
shall pay ten cents for a newspaper, fifty
cents for a magazine, as much for a lead pen
cil. Cotton will be immensely higher. Beef
will be the privilege of the few. Clothing will
cost twice what it costs today. Like China
men, our children will rake the soil for fuel
or forage or food. We shall shiver in a cold
and burn in a heat never before felt in this
temperate zone meant by God as a comfortable
growing place for splendid human beings—
unless we wake up. —Emerson Hough, in Ev
erybody’s Magazine for May, 1908.
RYANIZED.
The news concerning the $15,000 of Ryan
money sent to Nebraska in 1904 to elect the
Bryan candidate for governor and a legisla
ture that would elect Bryan to the Senate is
increasingly interesting. A great silence has
fallen on the usually voluble one. He finds
himself up against “a paying back” proposi
tion similar to that which confronted men em
inent in the insurance business. As Mr. Je
rome would say, “Ain’t it awful, Mabel, to
be caught?”
But even though Bryan, affecting ignorance
as to the money of whose expenditure he
gained the benefit, executes a retreat by sac
rificing the profits of his last lecture tour, it
won’t help “Jim” Dahlman, his political
crony, or Brother-in-law Allen. Nebraska has
a stiff law against failure to report political
expenditure. Six months in the penitentiary
is one of the penalties. Neither Dahlman nor
Allen, one Democratic national committeeman
and the other chairman of the Bryan state
committee, ever reported as to a cent of the
money they landed in New York. Will Bryan
go before a grand jury and. demand the in
dictment of his friend and his relative? Or
will he plead some benevolently screening
statute of limitations to get them off, and thus
escape the risk of their showing that his
ignorance of the transaction was constructive
rather than actual?
No wonder Bryan breathes hard and post
pones giving out a fuller explanatory state
ment. Not since Mrs. Philo Bennett refused
to carry out the instructions of that “sealed
letter” has he been so uncomfortable. —New
York Globe.
BOUND VOLUMES OF THE JEFFERSON
IAN MAGAZINE FOR 1907.
Did you know that these two books have
1,200 pages of reading matter? They are
beautifully and profusely illustrated with
line cuts and half-tones, and many cartoons
by Gordon Nye.
The volumes contain the best selections in
prose and poetry, short stories and special ar
ticles, besides a vast amount of information
on governmental questions, economic prob
lems and political history.
These books will add permanent value to
any Library. Price for the set for 1907, $2.50.
Sent as a Premium for 5 subscriptions to the
magazine, or 8 subscriptions to the weekly
Jeffersonian. Address,
THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
Full Sets Back Numbers
Wb can supply back numbers of the
Jeffersonian Magazine all the way
back to the first issue.
Price, 15c for single copies.
Price, |1.50 for the full set for 1907.
twelve numbers. Address:
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Keep Up Your French
READ Le Counter des Etats-Unis
the official French newspaper in America. Lat
est news from Paris. SHORT AND SERIAL
STORIES. Parisian fashions. Literary con
tributions by prominent writers.
La Cuisine Francaise. Sample copy free.
Address Mr. Alexandre, Subscription Dept, 195
Fulton St., New York City.
100 PRINTED ENVELOPES FREE
With your return name and address, if you
send 25 cents for a year’s subscription to
THE RURAL GEORGIAN. The Great Depart
ment Monthly. It should be in every South
ern home. You will be pleased, or money re
funded. Address: THE RURAL GEORGIAN
Gainesville, Ga.
PAGE FIVE