am * »egro and a clergyman. You seem such an ad
mixture of right and wrong that I would indeed be
more than obliged to you for condescending an ex
planation of the reason of the admixture.
I read the “Jeffersonian” through my friend who
receives it weekly. Yours obliged,
G. G. Daniel.
New York City, N. Y., January 4, 1910.
ANSWER.
(1) I have never “denounced” the negro
for being what he is. On the contrary, I have
the kindest feeling and the deepest sympathy
for this unfortunate race. But facts are facts;
and it would be folly not to see things in their
true relation to each other. In fact, wisdom
is just that; and few young people have it.
Experience is the teacher from whom we
learn the lessons.
We Southern people understand the negro,
and we are his best friends. When Northern
folks come down here, and learn what Cuffy
is, they have less patience with him than
those who used to own him.
The average negro, in the hour of trouble,
makes a bee-line for the house of the son of
his “old marster”. Ask any impartial ob
server if that is not so. In time of distress,
the Southern negro does not appeal to the
banker, or merchant, or farmer who has mi
grated here from the North. No, sirree! He
goes to a Southern man; and his first word,
springing to his lips naturally, is, “BOSS”.
In his heart of hearts, the negro feels his
inferiority. He knows that God did not
create him the equal of the white man. All
the mawkish Hearst editorials, and all the
drivel of the Heller Heeler Hilcoxes will
never alter the facts.
The great white race is a distinct advance
over the lower orders of man; just as the
negro is an upstep from the Gorilla. Well
read men are aware of the fact that the high
er orders of apes often kidnap black women,
in Africa, bear them off to the jungles, and
raise children by them. The negro women
don’t seem to mind it much.
The black race, the brown, red and yellow
races, are as distinctly different from the
whites, as the antelope is from the moose.
Belonging to the same general species, they
radically differ in type.
The salvation of the world, and of civiliza
tion, depends upon the preservation of the
purity of white blood. To cross the breed
with the black, brown, or yellow races, means
the degradation of humanity.
Because I am against the mongrelization
of the whites, I oppose Social Equality. As
we couldn’t have Social Equality without the
cross-breeding of the races, so I am against
political equality, for the reason that it
would logically carry us to Social Equality.
It is best for the negro, as well as the white
man, that he be made to live apart, socially,
and that he should be eliminated from poli
tics.
This Government should be run by the
whites—who should see to it that the negro
is given, in full measure, the enjoyment of
his natural rights. Voting and office-holding
are not natural rights, else all our women
would be in politics. Political privileges, are
one tbjjig: natural rights, are another.
(2) I don't shoot anything, in sport. In
fact, have not “gone hunting” in years. Got
so chicken-hearted, that it became a night
mare to see again, afterwards, the eyes of
the wounded bird; or to hear the low, trem
bling call of the survivors for those that
would never join the family again.
Would not hesitate to use a shotgun when,
under the laws of God and man, it is justi
fiable. Otherwise, I’d rather be killed, than
to kill T. E. W.
VARYING NEEDS
“Stands to reason no congregation can agree
as to the proper length for a sermon.’*
"Why not?”
"Some like forty winks and some prefer a
—Washington Herald,
Gfce ‘Stffersonlan
A Layman on "Holiness ”
Dear Sir: —I have had the privilege of reading
what you had to say about Foreign Missions. You
have opened the eyes of a great many on this
question.
Now, I want your ideas on Holiness. There
are some around here who claim to have the sec
ond blessing, or second work of grace. Some say
they are sanctified and do not sin any. Now, what
I want to know is, is it possible to live without
sin? I am not able to find anything in my Bible
on the second work of grace. It says that we are
saved by grace, but it does not say anything about
a second grace. You will find very nearly all who
claim to have the second blessing to be Methodist
in faith. It is very strange that some of the old
Primitive Baptists or Missionary Baptists don’t
ever receive this wonderful blessing.
Wishing you a merry Xmas and a prosperous
New Year, I am
Very truly, A. B. BELL.
Ashburn, Ga., Dec. 24, 1909.
ANSWER.
That’s a ticklish subject to tackle. How
ever, I will give you my ideas about it.
Some years ago, there was a great propa
ganda in favor of Holiness, or the Second
Blessing; but I thought that, at present, the
churches were inclined to discourage it.
While I am a poor judge of individual
character, human nature is an open book to
me. Whenever I see a self-satisfied lawyer,
doctor, editor, farmer or merchant, I know
that he is a man who is going to get passed on
the road. The discontented, striving, and
therefore growing rival, will leave the com
placent chap behind. It never fails.
To continue to improve, expand and go up
ward, it is necessary to be ever on the rack—
planning, learning, comparing, correcting, in
venting, adapting and, often, varying.
Now, the elemental human traits are not
changed by religion. A man is convicted, in
his own eyes, of being a sinner: he realizes
that evil spirits possess him: he repents, and
undergoes a change of heart. He, thereafter,
wants to live right, and do good; and the
longer he lives in this way, the more beautiful
his nature and his life will become.
But he should never claim that he is a saint.
No human being could possibly cease to be hu
man, while alive.
The mere claim of sanctification is evidence
of self-righteousness, which is sinful. In the
very act of claiming infallibility and perfec
tion, the Christian falls into perilous evil.
It seems to me that what Christ said about
the pharisee and the publican, settles the mat
ter.
You let one of those Holiness fellows, who
says that he can no longer sin, undertake to
drive some shoats from the corn-field back
to the lot; or lead a yearling calf to town; or
ride a frisky horse, under whose tail some
prankish boy has put “ciickleburrs”; or
plough a new-ground; or blow the camp
ground horn, after some practical joker has
put soft soap in it; or fumble at his starched
linen shirt for half-an-hour of a cold morn
ing, putting the studs in the bosom of it and
the buttons in the wristbands, and then, after
getting his head through the collar, find that
the laundry has torn the buttonhole out; or
have his hat blown off in town on a windy
day, and be compelled to chase it from block
to block, with all the storekeepers standing in
the doors, looking on, laughing, and shouting
encouraging remarks; or have the village sot
enfold him ‘in a brotherly embrace, smear his
face with a slobbery kiss, and then puke on
his biled shirt!
If I were a betting man, I’d be willing to
stake my saddle-horse against a sick kitten
that you’d see the Holiness man show the old
Adam, just as you and I would.
I don’t believe that any white woman could
get so “holy” that she wouldn’t fly into a reg
ular old rampage, if she caught her hubby
kissing and hugging the young chambermaid.
No sirree! Temporarily, the saint would go
out of business; and you’d see that enraged
matron doing about, as though she meant to
slay bears.
I can’t be made to believe that any married
man could become so angelic that he wouldn’t
cut up and cuss and disarrange the furniture,
if he came into his bedroom some night, saw
another man’s shoes on the floor, heard the
sound of running, and got a glimpse of a fel
low streaking it across the yard, with his coat
and breeches in his hands, and his shirt-tail
flapping, wildly, in the effort to keep up. No,
sir ! I our “Saint”, in a test like that, would
make the same rush fo'r the shotgun that the
average white husband makes—no matter
how often he had been “Blessed”.
Poor Mr. Ellis ! What a Fib He
Did Tell!!!
Alluding to me, delicately, as the “benight
ed Watson”, who hardly deserves the conde
scension of such a Philadelphian as himself,
Mr. Ellis writes:
He [that’s me] “is recalled by close readers of the
news as a Populist who was brought into passing
prominence by once being made Mr. Bryan's running
mate. Curiously enough”, [ltalics mine,] "during that
campaign, while in conversation with Bryan, I recom
mended to him that he read Watson’s ‘Life of Jeffer
son , of which he had never heard.”
I was Bryan’s running-mate (one of them,
at least, for there were two tails to that calf.)
in the year 1896. Mr. Ellis asserts that, “cu
riously enough,” he advised Bryan, during
that campaign, to read my “Jefferson”, of
which Peerless had never heard.
“The Story of France”, my first book.
came out three years after the campaign men
«T°^ veracious Ellis. My small
-Lite ot Jefferson (one of the Beacon Biog
raphies) was published four years, after Mr
EUis advised Mr. Bryan to “read Watson’s
Life of Thomas Jefferson’ ”!
“ Na P oleon ” came next, (1902) and
my Life and Times of Thomas Jefferson”
Avas not published until 1903—seven years
after Mr. Ellis, “curiously enough? had ad
vised Bryan to read it.
I wonder if Ellis has got as firm a grasp
of his foreign missionary facts as he has of
that conversation with Bryan!
'Wouldhlt I be making a fine use of my time
and strength, debating anything with a wild
ly reckless prevaricator like Ellis?
Here s the Kind of Missionary
Work That I Admire
Captain and Mrs. L. A. Odom, of Mont
gomery, Alabama, has published the annual
statement of her work.
During the year 1909, her local Corps (Sal
vation Army) conducted 130 street services,
80 indoor meetings, converted 85 souls, and
spent 500 hours visiting the poor, the afflicted,
the lost.
During the year, 9,000 free meals were
served to homeless people. Lodging for the
night was given to 4,100 human estrays.
Clothing, to the extent of 20,000 garments,
was supplied to the needy.
Now read this golden item:
“Situations were found for 100 unemployed.’*
Nine hundred families were helped, with
fuel, food, medicine, etc.
But there remain two other details, over
which the angels must have rejoiced: Sixteen
girls were rescued from lives of shame, and
twenty-one children—waifs and homeless
were placed in homes.
Besides all this, 315 poor work-women were
given a week’s rest and recreation in the
Fresh Air Camp; 200 children taken to the
State Fair, and 150 to the Picnic at Pickett’s
Spring. At the Christmas Tree 900 baskets
of food, clothing and fruit were distributed.
Can a Christian American engage in a no
bler charity than Mrs. Odom is conducting?
Isn’t that far better than going off to Afri
ca, to buy negro children to fill orphans*
homes with?
PAGE THIRTEEN