PAGE FOURTEEN
SCHOOLS and COLLEGES
K’’*--- , . _ -•
|f The ATLANTA DENTAL COLLEGE I
eA School of Dentistry
By Dentists, For Dentists
largest School in the State., Leading School of the South
T?EATURES: Large New College Building, Com
■JL - plete New Library, New Practical Porcelain De
partment, Heavy Operatory Clinic, Exclusively White
Patients, Monthly Examinations and Daily Recita
tions, Central Location, Experienced Teachers and
Demonstrators.
Write forsouvenir catalog and further particulars to
WILLIAM CRENSHAW, D.D.S., Dcan, Box 401, Atlanta, Ga.
T rxrMWIF Ct A Pre P arator y School for Boys and Girls.
L/f I (IV VT Equipment complete; Full Faculty of experienced teachers;
Home Life an attractive feature; Teachers live in School
Homes with pupils: Certificate admits to college.
"ET IX T mW FISTX Tsr Tnmn Literary, Music, Expression, Art, Business, Bible Courses.
I fvJ IHBI I 8 ri Board $8 to sl4 per month.
111 MI? tU 1 11/ A Safe School. As Good as the Best. As Cheap as the Cheapest
- - For catalog and further information address
CLAUDE GRAY, President, Locust, Grove, Ga.
bourses For Catalog and fuZZ|
d'nting Information address |
T’thSes- 4 John W. Gaines, Pres, g
• 8, ’O9 or Wm. S. Cox, Mgr, J
niwr iii—ium bi mi ii i ■iwß>gs;i:Miriwi’w r
W GEORGIA MILITARY COLLEGE ©
—■ ;
MILLEDGEVILLE, GA. Ji
SCHOOL WITH A RECORD
g Od Faculty of 17 Teachers
F /f rH /jhlM
p. ' ,/jjg Each a specialist. A.8., B.S. and Com-CjVjgXt
JH mercial Courses. Best Business Course ’•
TWf South. Army officer on active list, Com- 1
mandant. Discipline like West Point
B iM"-'/ Cadets in barracks. Every facility for |
Llira doing the best work. Cost $165.00 for Q/
J year—includes two uniforms. Illustrated [J 0
catalogs ready—Free.
Address
Box 82 WILLIAM E. REYNOLDS, President I
524.75-SCHOLARSIIIP-.524.75
Three Months’ Course of Bookkeeping or Shorthand
Typewriting, $24.75, payable on enrolling; only $1.90 a
week thereafter.
Six Months’ Combined Course of Bookkeeping and
Shorthand and Typewriting, $48.75, payable on enroll
ment; only $1.90 a week thereafter.
Life Scholarship for Bookkeeping or Shorthand and
Typewriting Course, including auxiliary branches, $36.00,
payable on enrolling.
Monthly Rate, only $9.00, payable in advance.
Send Money Now. If you cannot enroll before Au
gust 31, send money at once, $36.00 for Life Scholarship
Single Course, or $68.00 for Life Combined Course, and
will teach you by mail FREE, until you are ready to enroll.
ARTHUR C. MINTER, Manager
Draughon’s Practical Business College
ATLANTA, GEORGIA
Gfyi tJefffcrsonbm
HIS OWN PEOPLE
(Concluded from Page 3)
en was flanked by steaming vegeta
bles and an ornate salad.
The effusive hospitality of the
family failed to put Diana at her etse.
She was not hungry, but the insist
ence of his people crowded her plate
to a condition of unappetizing re
pleteness.
When the meal was well under
way his brother appeared—an insig
nificant looking boy of the neat, com
mercial type.
“So you’re the new sister, eh?
Ma and I have been wondering when
we’ll see the last of the other three.
They don’t seem in demand. But
it’s up to Nolie to look after you,
sis.’’
He took his seat and hungrily de
voted himself to his plate.
It seemed to Diana as if the meal
would never end. Her tongue was
tied; she felt distressingly uncom
fortable. Her eyes wandered from
the conglomeration upon the table to
the hideous chromos upon the wall,
from these to the faces of her future
relations.
ij: :’j
Gladly she arose at last and follow
ed his mother into the parlor. An
organ occupied the chief place in the
room. Large-sized family portraits
done in crayon covered most of the
walls, interspersed with decorated
butter-bowls, a gilded dustpan, and
a miniature rolling pin covered with
plush.
She and Noel sat upon the rickety
sofa, whereon, the mother informed
them, she had done most of her
courting, giving Diana a friendly
punch to emphasize the joke.
Then Nellie sang—a sentimental
ballad rendered in a nasal contralto,
the accompaniment of which abound
ed in such stirring chords that the
stuffed canary upon the piano tot
tered almost to destruction.
To Diana it was all grotesquely
tragic. Her thoughts flew to the lit
tle dinner of the previous evening,
to the social hour in the tasteful,
luxurious library.
Her mind, filled with the contrast,
turned in loathing from this new ex
perience. Future complications
crowded into her brain and she real
ized how impossible it all was. As
sociation with such people as these,
and, yet—they were his own people!
He was of their kind —he must be.
Behind all his cleverness and charm
of manner, behind his beauty and
natural intelligence was this hideous
background of incongruities from,
which the cloven foot must some day
appear to plant its mark upon her hap
piness. She saw the reasonableness
of his words, in not accepting her
answer until she had seen it all. Her
heart gave a great throb of joy as
she realized that she was still free.
He would understand; he would for
give. She would live down this sud
den passion as other women had done.
She seemed ineffably far from him to
night—as if they had never been
anything to each other. As his hand
rested lightly for a moment on her
own, she shrank from the contact.
Several times she had to ask them to
repeat their questions, so distrait
was she rendered by the train of her
thoughts.
Dimly she began to realize that
Noel was as silent as herself. He
seldom spoke except when addressed
by his mother or sisters. For the
first time she trusted her self to look
at him. He smiled in away that set
her pulses stirring and brought the
warm color to her cheeks. Suddenly
he seemed to collect himself. With
thoughtful tact he chose a less stren
uous song for the unmusical Nellie,
softened down the kindly brusque
ness of his mother’s speeches by an
interpretation quite his own, good
naturedly snubbed the facetious
Jmrther, and led the conversation in
to channels of general interest.
As in a flash, Diana saw and un
derstood. These were indeed his
own people, yet their idiosyncracies,
their ignorance, their vulgarity
smote upon his sensibilities as upon
her own. He had passed far beyond
them all, was living in a world dis
tinct from theirs; he saw their foi
bles and peculiarities from her point
of view and it was all worse, intoler
ably worse, for him. He was yoked
to them with ties of blood; they were
his mother, his sisters, forever united
to him by the law’s of nature and so
ciety.
She saw his motive in bringing
her to them. She perceived with in
ner gladness the loyalty that could
rise above the petty accidents of cir
cumstance, that enabled him to recog
nize the best in these uncongenial
people and surroundings. It w r as a
loyalty of which any ’woman might
be justly proud, for which she should
be deeply thankful.
With an effort she recalled her
wandering interests, and her attitude
seemed at once to affect the little
company; the awkwardness vanished
as if by magic, a quiet air of socia
bility took the place of artificial en
tertainment. His mother became
natural, more maternal, less of the
anxious hostess. The girls drew
about her, listening to the stories of
her work and incidentally giving her
an insight to their own way of living
and thinking. Noel warmed up to
the situation and as she •watched his
handsome, animated face, hearing his
accounts of men and women engaged
in the big things of life, a strange
feeling of happiness and content took
possession of her.
The emotional strife was over. In
its place glowed the passionate love
for a man to whom she felt her fu
ture could be trusted absolutely.
Pride of race and gentle blood, all
the demands of a shallow society, the
laws of convention and orthodoxy
paled into utter significance beside
the relative value of his devotion.
With a glance of surprise she look
ed at the gilt clock on the cheaply
draped shelf.
“Dear—it is late—long after ten.
We must be going. I needn’t say
how I’ve enjoyed myself. Good night,
girls, and good night, Mrs. Adams.”
“Mother Noel’s mother and
yours, said the older woman with
glistening eyes.
“Good night, mother!” Diana kiss
ed her softly upon each cheek and
then upon her trembling lips.—Louis
ville Herald.