Will the fight to prohibit Coca-Cola and
similar beverages become as keen as the one
Oh, You
Dope !
prohibit the “manufacture, sale”, etc., of
Coca-Cola, while in Birmingham the “Celery
Cola” Company has been found guilty of put
ting caffeine in its brand of dope, and in
There Is No Such Crime Known
to Law as “Disorderly Conduct 99
(concluded from page one)
turbance of the peace, the felony which de
stroys life and propertv as well as the petty
misdemeanor which merely annoys or wounds
the feelings or offends the eye —from highest
to lowest, every infraction of the rules of
good conduct, has a specified place among
those statutes which the State enacts for the
purpose of maintaining law, order and the
morals of the community.
But the Code does not define any such
crime as “disorderly conduct”. Any conduct
which is disorderly, in any criminal sense of
the term, is a violation of some section of the
penal Code, but not under that general, un
limited word. A BIOT has its place and its
definition; zLV AFFRAY is defined and the
penalty prescribed for it; words intended to
provoke a breach of the peace, are made crim
inal as such; vulgar and obscene language, as
well as vulgar and obscene conduct, have
their place duly marked off in that code of
laws which is intended to embrace everything
that a human being can do which he should,
not do. Every sin of omission, as well as
those of commission, that the State has any
right to take cognizance of, the State IIAS
taken cognizance of, forbids and punishes.
But, because of that natural trait in human
nature which makes so many men lose their
heads when they are. clothed with power.
Mayors and Recorders have trumped up an
omnibus offense, called “disorderly conduct”.
The American people are so amazingly sub
missive to whatever is done by those in au
thority, that they meekly, tamely endure this
outrageous, systematic and almost universal
invasion of the personal rights of the indi
vidual.
No Policeman has got a right to arrest you,
and no Recorder to punish you, unless some
definite charge can be brought; and, in the
nature of things, there is nothing definite in
any such language as “disorderly conduct”.
Any definite criminal offense would bear
some statutory name— such as “Gaming”,
“Assault and Battery”, “Opprobrious Words
“Public Indecency”, “Disturbing Public Wor
ship”, “Malicious Mischief”, etc., etc. Un
less they can give to your alleged offense some
statutory name, you haven’t committed any
crime.
And there is no such statutory name as
“Disorderlv Conduct”.
•7
The Atlanta Plumber's Tribute
A widowed lady who has lived her life,
reared her children and given them in mar
riage; and who now goes about doing good,
wherever she can, writes me a most friendly
letter. She and I never met, and perhaps we
never will; but she uses toward me the man
ner of an old acquaintance, and I feel as
though we had known each other a long time.
What lovely letters good people sometimes
unconsciously pen—unconscious of the beau
ty, I mean.
Among other things, this aged lady tells of
seeing in Atlanta, “the other morning, ... a
poor young man at some plumbing Avork”.
As she looked at him, she was reminded of
a famous evangelist, and of “the interest he
would have taken in trying to save that young
man”.
“Then I asked him if he had ever heard
of alcoholic drinks? It appears
that way now. Senator Bilbo,
of Mississippi, has introduced a
bill in his State Legislature to
Gfee Jeffersonian
Chattanooga the Government’s case against
Coca-Cola is being prosecuted on the line of
violation of the Pure Food and Drug Act.
Strange indeed are the methods of the soda
founts or soft-drink stands. Not one in
twenty would give the thirsty wayfarer a
glass of buttermilk, and such a thing as a
cup of coffee or tea and a sandwich would be
as impossible to obtain at these convenient
points as would a blue diamond. Tea and
Rev. 7 preach, lie said, ‘No’. I said
the Rev. was a great, good man, a fine
preacher, who labored faithfully to bring
souls to Christ.”
“The young man looked ignorant, dirty,
and poor. But he said:
“ ‘I know a greater, better man than Rev.
for the right, and just to every one.’
“I became anxious to know who the man
was. and he said, ‘Tom Watson.’
“Second time I ever heard of you.”
Well, in the first place, the young man can
not be “ignorant”, for ignorant people do not
use those forms of expression. “Best man in
this country, altogether”, is the language of
education, or, at least, of a well-bred man.
Then, the discrimination with which the
words of praise were selected, reveals a think
er. He put his tribute on Watson’s stand
“/<?r the Right”., and his being “just to every
one”.
The good lady (a country-woman, evident
ly,) could hardly be expected to know that
thousands of the dirt and smoke-begrimed
men of the blouse, whose manner of work
about engines, boilers, sewer pipes, or in ma
chine shops and printing establishments
makes them look “dirty”, while at the job,
are as thoroughly intelligent and up-to-date
citizens as can be started. They are well
posted in many directions; and they can dis
cuss with clearness and force almost any
question of public interest. When a publicist
has won his way into the confidence of these
men his achievement is one to be proud of.
I think you can easily guess w’hat was in
that young man’s thoughts. The good old
lady missed his meaning, “altogether”.
Among the bread-winners, who feel the
fearful pressure of unjust laws and money
monopoly, there is growing a feeling of im
patience with churches and preachers because
they give too much attention to “the other
and better world”, and not enough to THIS.
A laborer, whose life is embittered by the
battle for bread, is more apt to admire the
man who is trying to help him get justice
nc?/'. than him who speaks of the rewards laid
up in Heaven, only.
Os course, the spiritual is the more precious
part of every man; but there is no reason
under the sun why churches and preachers
should not do more to show us what Heaven
is like, by blotting out the hell-stains that
contaminate earth.
When a highly-salaried minister blandly
preaches the gospel of content-yourselves
with-your-station-in-life, it’s tough on the
man who has to work with his hands, and
keep comfortable clothing on wife and chil
dren. decent shelter over their heads, sufficient
food in their mouths, and a coin laid up for
a rainy day. To the average American work
man, if he’s a man of family, a spell of sick
ness means nothing less than ruin.
Under our present system, the capitalists
have so arranged the laws that, while a wage
earner gets a larger sum of money for his
labor, than formrly, it is taken away from
him when he goes into the market to purchase
the necessaries of life. His is both producer
and 'consumer: in the one capacity, the laws
are framed to give him higher wages; in the
other they deprive him of “the raise”, and
more too.
Yet, it seems to be a hopeless task to get the
laboring classes to see that a§ consumers, they
are unmercifully robbed by the same trust
breeding tariffs that rob the rest of us.
coffee are stimulants, of course, but can’t be
classed with habit-forming drugs, and the
natural need of humanity for a bite and a su;>
might be supplied without taking >ub dances
unknown, and generally deleterious. Next if
not even now, the soft-drinks will be doctored
with coal-tar preparations which temporarily
brighten up the mental faculties but are highly
dangerous. The chances are that the caffeine
now used is not a pure vegetable alkaloid.
How the W an t - More Congress
men are Trying to Wheedle
the Others
My Dear Sir: — Another package of flower and
vegetable seed should reach you in the next ten
days, sent at my request.
I have been doing all in my power to advance
the interest of the farming element since 1 have
been in Congress. lam now trying to get a soil
survey tor counties similar to the one 1 have se
cured for County. I am interested, of
couse, in all the counties of the district, but espe
cially in , as that is my “old home
county’’. A survey, with maps and reports show
ing the analysis of the soil, would be helpful to
the farmers of the county. I would like to have
your help in this matter by creating an interest in
the movement.
I have been doing what I could in trying to got
some effective legislation that will suppress “gauv.
bling in farm and food products’’, and it looks as
if legislation along that line will be enacted dur
ing this term of Congress.
If you would like to have some fish tor the wa
ters of your community, write me and I will have
the proper blanks sent to you.
I am always glad of an opportunity to oblige
my friends, and hope you will not hesitate to
write me if I can serve you in any way.
With kind regards and best wishes to you and
my other friends, I am,
Yours sincerely, I-WANT-IT-AGAIN.
COMMENT.
Now isn't that a honey of a letter? How
long has that M. C. been drawing a fat sal
ary and juicy “perqueesits” ?
Why has he w’aked up so hurriedly and ex
citedly ?
Sending the farmer another package of
seed, eh ?
Has been doing all in his pow’er for “the
farming element”, has he?
Why, comfound him ’. he w T as one of the
base deserters who helped the Republicans to
make the law- under which the costs of living
commenced to advance, just about the time
the farmer had sold his cotton.
Every farmer in America will have to pay
more to support his family, supply his hands,
and cultivate his crop, than he ever did be
fore; and most of the increased expense will
be due to the betrayal of “the farming cle
ment” by the scamps who send him another
package of seed and offer him some fish!
Who pays for the seed? Who pays for the
fish? Who pays for those surveys and maps?
Who pays for that “analysis of the soil”?
“The farming element” mostly. They are
about the only people who cannot unload
their taxes on some other fellows.
These Congressmen take great credit to
themselves when you get something that you
pay for; but they are indeedly eager to have
you forget how far they voted for the Trusts
wdiich are holding you up, all along the line.
The writer of the foregoing letter w’as one
of the candidates who demanded “the imme
diate repeal of the duties on lumber”, and
who. when you had elected him, voted with
the Lumber Trust.
He is one of the six Georgians who united
with the New 7 York Pat McCarren gang,
saved the Republicans from utter overthrow,
last March.
And now he, the betrayer of his people,
talks about how 7 he has always done “all in
my power to advance the interest of the farm
ing element”!
He richly deserves to be rottcn-egged,
wherever he attempts to address the farm
ers. T. E. W.
PAGE FIVE