SOME PAGES PROM Ml SCRAP BOOK
THE REAL INVENTOR OF THE STEAM
BOAT.
It is a surprise to many to learn that Rob
ert Fulton was not the original inventor of the
steamboat. The honor of this achievement
really belongs to John Fitch, who successful
ly navigated a packet, passenger and freight
steamboat on the Delaware river seventeen
years before Fulton’s Clermont made its ap
pearance on the Hudson. Yet the world has
united in giving the glory of this invention to
Robert Fulton, while the name of John Fitch
is unhonored and almost unknown.
John Fitch was born in 1743, at Windsor,
Connecticut. His father was a hard-working
farmer, and when John had reached the age
of nine, he was taken from school and put to
work at swingling flax and threshing grain.
But he did not give up studying. He finished
his arithmetic by himself. He heard of a
book, Salmon’s Geography, which he was told
would give a description of the whole world;
and he became possessed of an insatiable de
sire to secure this book. He ventured to ask
his father to buy the book, promising to work
hard enough to pay for it; but was met with
a sharp refusal. Then the lad petitioned for
the use of some waste land on which to plant
potatoes. This his father granted. While
his father and brothers went to a muster and
kept holiday the little farmer dug up his land
and planted his seed. He attended to his
crop during the noon hour and after regu
lar work at night. He raised ten shillings
worth of potatoes, with which he bought the
coveted “Salmon,” but was two shillings
in debt—and, moreover, his father demanded
remuneration for the seed potatoes.
The new book was a source of much delight;
he pored over its pages eagerly and soon
made them his own.
When John was thirteen his father allowed
him six weeks more at school where he learned
all the mathematics within the master’s scope
and the method of surveying as then practiced
in New England. That closed his school life.
One day in April, 1785, while Fitch was
limping with rheumatism along the Nesha
mony road, in Pennsylvania, a horse and car
riage passed by. “Would that I had a horse!”
he exclaimed to the friend with him. “There
ought to be away for a poor fellow to ride
without a horse; and,” he added, “I’m going
to find it!” He lapsed at once into a
thoughtful- mood, so that his friend could
scarcely get a word from him during the rest
of the walk. For a week afterward he busied
himself in making drafts of a land carriage,
and considering what motive power could be
applied. The roughness of the roads seemed
an insuperable obstacle to this mode of con
veyance ; and in this dilemma his mind revert
ed to the water and vessels. For three weeks he
worked on this idea and first thought of
steam power; then he submitted his plan and
drawing to Rev. Mr. Irmin, of Neshamony.
The next step was to build a model vessel,
propelled by steam power. He constructed a
little boat four feet long, a foot in breadth,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
with a flutter wheel at the stern. A crude lit
tle steam engine was put in, and the craft, was
taken for trial t oa meadow stream on Joseph
Longstreth’s farm. To the inventor’s delight,
his tiny boat moved up and down the stream
obedient to the force of steam.
Fired with the enthusiasm of success, Fitch
resolved to appeal to Congress for help to fur
ther his invention, and make it a benefit to
mankind. Armed with letters of commenda
tion from the provosts of the University of
Pennsylvania and Princeton College, and Wil
liam C. Houston, he made his appeal by let
ter to the President of the United States.
Congress was then in session at New York.
The matter was referred to a committee, who
made no report, greatly to the inventor’s dis
appointment.
After this failure Fitch applied to the min
ister of the king of Spain, then at New York.
This Spaniard grasped the idea and perceived
the vast benefit involved. He promised the
inventor help if Spain could have the exclus
ive control of the invention. “No,” cried
Fitch, “ I cannot give it to Spain alone. My
invention must be first for my own country,
and then for all the world.” Had he accept
ed the offer of the Spanish minister, his ef
forts might have been crowned with success,
and riches and honor, instead of poverty and
ignominy, been his share. i 1 The strange ideas
I had at that time,” wrote the disappointed
man in 1792, when, disheartened over repeated
failures, he was meditating suicide, “of serv
ing my country without the least suspicion
that my only reward would be contempt and
opproprious names! To refuse the offer of
the Spanish nation was the act of a blockhead,
of which I would not be guilty again.”
Fitch went to the American Philosophical
Society at Philadelphia with drawings of his
model and explanations of his ideas. He
called upon Washington, but found him luke
warm, because of a previous interest in a
“mechanical boat” of James Rumsey. An
interview with Benjamin Franklin, in which
he .fully explained his scheme, gained him
nothing. The inventor accused Dr. Franklin
of appropriating his ideas.
Fitch had hopes of assistance from a Phil
adelphian, Arthur Donaldson, a machinist of
some note, who seemed enamored with the
project, and to whom he offered a partner
ship. Donaldson, who received the idea of
steam navigation as something entirely new,
would not give Fitch a decisive answer until
he had talked the matter over with a friend.
Fitch heard with dismay, soon after this in
terview, from an old nurse who had been in
the Donaldson family, that there was much
talk over Arthur Donaldson’s invention of a
steamboat. Fitch went at once to the man
and demanded an explanation.
“Well,” Donaldson coolly answered, “I
have invented such an improvement in naviga
tion; and I intend to apply for the exclusive
privilege of using it.”
Fitch immediately prepared a petition to
the legislature of Pennsylvania, asking for an
exclusive right to the propulsion of vessels
by “fire and steam.” He was one day ahead
of Donaldson with his petition, and secured
his rights. The state document bears date
March 18, 1786, and secured to John Fitch
for fourteen years, “the sole and exclusive
right of constructing, making, using and em
ploying or navigating all and every species of
boats or water craft which might be impelled
by the force of fire and steam, in all the
(‘reeks, rivers, etc., within the jurisdiction of
Pennsylvania.”
Fitch now succeeded in organizing a com
pany with forty shares at twenty dollars a
share.
So far as history shows, the simple little
engine used in Fitch’s model steamboat was
the first made in this country. There were,
in 1785, but three steam engines in America,
and they were imported from England.
The crudities and difficulties to be overcome
in the making of a steam engine seemed well
nigh insurmountable. Fitch secured the ser
vices of Henry Voight, a watchmaker, pos
sessed of much ingenuity and mechanical
skill, to assist him. Work was at once begun;
a skiff-with suitable apparatus was made; an
endless chain, a screw of paddles, and several
other gearings were tided; and finally the en
gine with a three-inch cylinder was put in its
place. It proved a complete failure; and
Fitch and Voight were laughed at and jeered
by the spectators on the shore. Fitch was a
good deal chagrined at this ill success. He
did not lose heart, however, but began at once
to plan to remedy the imperfections; and in
a few days the skiff was again tried success
fully.
The funds had all been used up in this ex
periment; but it was resolved to build a larger
boat with an engine having a twelve-inch cyl
inder. Delaware, New Jersey and New York
followed the lead of Pennsylvania, and gave
to John Fitch the exclusive right to navigation
by fire and steam; but these rights did not in
clude any of the much needed funds to further
the invention. Work on the steamboat pro
gressed slowly; contributions were few; the
expense was more than the company antici
pated, and some withdrew from the enterprise,
and, when all was complete, the engine
worked so badly it had to be taken to pieces
and put together again, a long and tedious
process. As soon as one defect was remedied
another became apparent. Fitch himself be
came so disheartened at the opposition and
ridicule to which he was subjected that he w T as
on the point of giving up the attempt. But
lie was too ardent an enthusiast to really lose
confidence in his project, and would again
enter into his work with fresh zeal.
This boat was completed and had a success
ful trial, on the 22d of August, 1787. The
Convention to frame a Federal Constitution
was then in session at Philadelphia and was
invited to be present. In his journal Fitch
mentions that all were present save General
Washington. Gov. Randolph of Virginia
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
PAGE THREE