THE
BREADLIN E '
MMyiiw i) hi
li WW I
The bread line was already at the back door, and at nearly all the restaurants the un
. fortunate straggled and shivered waiting for 1 o’clock, when the passing out of free bread
and coffee would begin.
Very young Mr. 1908 might look on surprised and annoyed at this contrast. As a new
year he is bound to be conscientious, and may possibly stagger a trifle under the load of
problems like this which old 1907 has shifted to his baby shoulders. ROBERT CARTER.
the traveling public will be able to take advan
tage. This arrangement will be given a 12
months’ trial.
THE LITTLE FATHER’S MESSAGE.
In the course of his message to the first
session of the Sixtieth Congress President
Roosev el t makes the following suggestions
and recommendations:
1. A national incorporation or license law
for railroads engaged in interstate commerce.
2. An amendment to the Sherman law to
perinit combinations in certain cases and
forbid only harmful combinations and
unhealthy competition.
3. Compulsory publication of the accounts
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
of great corporations.
4. Prohibit monopolies from engaging in
interstate or foreign commerce.
5. Federal incorporation or license law
for corporations engaged in interstate com
merce, with a Federal commission to pass up
on the worthiness of the association seeking
incorporation.
6. Forbid interstate corporations from hold
ing stock in other corporations except with
the approval of “the proper Government
officials.” t
7. Government supervision of great cor
porations after the manner of Government
supervision of national banks.
8. An act providing for more elastic cur-
rency.
9. Reasonable tariff revision immediately
after election.
10. A Federal income tax.
11. A progressive Federal inheritance tax.
12. Restrict the power of courts to issue
writs of injunction.
13. Federal inspection of interstate rail
roads to prevent accidents, after the manner
of Federal inspection of steamboats.
14. A model employers’ liability act to
apply to Government employes.
15. Extend the application of the Eight-
Hour law on Government work.
16. Compulsory investigation of great labor
(Continued on Page Sixteen,)
PAGE FIVE