could Mrs. Starke’s father ever have got a dol
lar out of that estate as an heir, or residuary
legatee; and even if he had, who can say that
he would have saved it all his life and then
given all of it to Mrs. Starke; and that she
would have kept it all her life and handed it
down to the Roberts children ? There was no
landed estate tied up in such away that it
could not be sold, and no life estate with re
mainders over—therefore, Allison would have
been free to enjoy what he got, and so Mrs.
Starke would have been.
At the time Mrs. Lambert represents me
as saying to my friend, Jack Roberts, that we
would soon overtake the Allison pile, the Ad
ministrator had made his legal showing to the
Ordinary of Greene County, AND HAD GOT
HIS LETTERS OF DISMISSION.
1 his whole affair is but a fair sample of
those cases where great-grandchildren have
heard of. some large estate which would have
been theirs if the moon had been made out of
green cheese, and if they had only got to the
end of the rainbow in time. Norton married
one of these great-grandchildren of the great
grandfather’s bachelor uncle, who left a small
estate of less than $20,000 net, —an estate
which lacked more than $15,000 of being able
to pay off a special legacy.
In other words, the great-grandfather of the
Roberts children never was within smelling
distance of a single dollar of the Allison es
tate, and the Greene County records show it.
Just how many people have had their minds
poisoned .against me by Norton's malicious
talk, there is no telling. He. of course, thought
I would never hear of it. and that the slander
would do me harm,without my ever having a
chance to expose him. His attempts to hide
behind a woman’s skirts will intensify the
contempt which right-minded people will feel
for him.
Thos. E. Watson.
Since the above was mailed to Atlanta we
have received a letter from our old friend
Roberts. In part, he says:
(Received May 7, 1909.)
Norwood, Ga.
My Dear Friend: You never in your life cheated
me or my children out of one cent. I have no
interest in that estate, and I never put any valua
ble papers in your hands. I did leave on your desk
a copy of the will. It was of no value at all. I
said to you, I would see you at some time —I oan't
tell wnat year it was. When I went back, you told
me it was misplaced. I never mentioned that estate
to you in my life. I wrote to Norton that I never
spoke to you about it in my life and that I never
employed you to take the case. I want our friend
ship 'to be as it always has been as long as life
lasts.
Your friend,
A, J. Roberts.
We publish elsewhere a copy of the Allison
will also letters from Judge Heard and Ordi
nary McWhorter.
* * *
The 'Black List of Dishonor.
From Georgia: Charles Gordon Edwards of
Savannah, James Mathews Griggs of Dawson,
William Charles Adamson of Carrollton, Le
onidas Felix Livingston of Covington, Gordon
Lee of Chickamauga, Thomas Montgomery
Bell of Gainesville, William Gordon Brantley
of Brunswick.
From North Carolina: John Humphrey Small
of Washington, Charles Randolph Thomas of
Newbern, Edward William Pou of Smith
field, Hannibal Lafayette Godwin of Dunn,
Robert N. Page of Biscoe, Edwin Y. Webb of
Shelby.
From Virginia: Carter Glass of Lynchburg,
John Lamb of Richmond, Francis R. Lassiter
of Petersburg, Harry L. Maynard of Ports
mouth, Edward W. Saunders of Bleak Hill.
From Louisiana: Albert Estopinal of St.
Bernard, Robert F. Broussard of New Iberia,
John T. Watkins of,Minden, Joseph E. Rans
dell of Lake Providence, Robert C, Wickliffe
Gb* Jeffersonian
of St. Francisville, Arsene P. Pujo of Lake
Charles.
From Mississippi: Eaton Jackson Bowers
of Bay St. Louis, W. J. Dickson of Centerville.
From South Carolina: James E. Ellerbee of
Marion, Asbury I'. Lever of Lexington.
From Tennessee: Lemuel Phillips Padgett
of Columbia, George Washington Gordon of
Memphis. John Austin Moon of Chattanooga.
From Florida: Stephen M. Sparkman and
Dannitte Hill Mays.
From Pennsylvania: William B. Wilson of
Blossburg.
From Texas: Martin Dies of Beaumont,
Alexander W hite Gregg of Palestine.
From Alabama: George Washington Taylor
of Demopolis, Richmond Pearson Hobson of
Greensboro.
I hese men left the Democratic leader and
joined the Republicans, in voting on the lum
ber schedule in Congress. Had these de
serters not gone over to the enemy, the Lum
ber d'rust would have been defeated. By de
serting to the Republicans, these traitor
Democrats renew the license to rob given to
the Lumber Trust by the Dingley bill.
I'he Democratic platform bitterly denounces
the Dingley bill and demands the immediate
repeal of the tariff duties on lumber. Every
Democratic platform has done that, when it
spoke on the subject at all.
1 hese deserters were elected on the Demo
cratic platform of 1908. They were under
stood to favor it. They were voted for ac
cordingly. Not one of them would have dared
to tell the people that he meant to desert the
Democratic leader, and join the Republicans,
to kill one of the most prominent measures
demanded by the Democratic platform.
Had these men not deserted the Democratic
leader, the people would have got lumber on
the free list, —which means that the Lumber
I rust monopoly would have been broken.
But the deserters carried victory to the
1 rust, and now lumber will remain high.
Everybody who has to build or repair must
pay tribute to the greedy trust.
Comrades, .cut out these names and paste
them away. Remember these traitors to the
people, and soak 'em every chance you get.
*. * *
Is Senator Bacon of Georgia a
'Republican ?
This is a free country and whoever feels
that he is, in principle, a Republican has a
perfect right to join that party. We have al
ways contended that principle is above party,
and that where the citizen .must choose which
of the two he shall serve, he should leave the
party and cling to the principle.
In i8()O, one Thos. E. Watson, ran for Con
gress in Georgia as an Alliance Democrat,
pledged to the Farmers’ Alliance platform.
He was elected because of the strength of
that platform. No candidate was ever
pledged more positively and definitely than
said Watson was to that Alliance platform.
The Farmers’ Alliance was all-powerful in
the 'Tenth District, and in the State —in fact
throughout the South. The Cincinnati Con
vention of 1891. at the instance of Georgia,
instructed every Alliance Congressman to
stand by the principles, regardless of the
caucus dictation of the two old parties. There
were quite a number of Alliance Congressmen
from the South, and they ignored these in
structions. 'l'hey meekly entered the Demo
cratic caucus, at Washington, and had their
hands tied by caucus dictation.
With one exception. The said Watson felt
morally bound to obey the instructions of The
Farmers’ Alliance to which he owed his elec
tion. He refused to enter the Democratic
caucus. He united with the Alliance Con
gressmen of the West, for a straight fight for
Alliance principles. What happened?
A storm broke loose: Thunders crashed and
lightnings flashed ; the great deeps of partisan
passion were broken up, and the said Watson
was hounded down as a traitor, a hireling of
the Republicans, a base deserter from all that
was natriotic and honest and right.
The good of the country demanded that
Watson .be prevented from returning to Con
gress. '1 here being no other way to defeat
him, the Tammany methods were imported to
Augusta from New York. Thugs were hired
to intimidate, heelers were employed to vote
South Carolina niggers, repeaters were paid
to vote from five to twenty times each, the
boxes were stuffed with thousands of bogus
ballots. In this way Watson was kept from
serving a second term.
Was it alleged that in Congress he had cast
a single vote that was wrong? Or had made
a single speech that was wrong? Or had in
troduced a single bill that was wrong? No.
Not a word could be said against his record.
But he had to get out, just the same. And
he had to stay out. Ami ever since, he has
walked in the \ alley of the Shadow, politi
cally.
Naturally, therefore, we are wondering
when the storm will break over the head of
Senator A. O. Bacon, of Georgia.
He was first elected as a Democrat. At
each expiration of his term, he has been re
elected as a Democrat.* Now. however, he
breaks away, and flocks with the Republicans.
1 he Democratic platform demands that lum
ber. logs and timber be placed on the free
list, in order that people will not have to pay
such high prices to the Lumber Trust. Sen
ator Bacon declares that he will not be bound
by the Democratic platform. He is going to
vote in accordance with the Republican plat
form. He says, in effect, that, on the matter
of vital principle, he will DESERT his own
party and JOIN THE ENEMY.
\\ hat shall we do with Senator Bacon?
The Democratic papers are strangely silent.
What is the matter. J Has the Lumber 'Trust
gagged the press? Or have Republican princi
ples captured the South?
M M
Did You Send a Telegram ?
The big lumber kings have ordered 1,000
mills shut down, so as to lessen the supply and
increase the demand. Thus the Trust will
“hold up the tens ot thousands of people who
are compelled to buy its products.
But Mexico is south of us and Canada is
north of us, and if we don’t like the prices of
the American lumber trust perhaps we can buy
from Mexico or Canada. Not so.
'The law forbids us that privilege.
How? By shutting Mexico and Canada out
with a tariff wall. Before those countries can
ship and sell their product in our markets they
are made to pay so much in custom-house
duties and freight rates that they can not com
pete with the Lumber Trust.
Congress has been at work fixing up a new
tariff bill. Have you been watching it?
The new law, like the old, will tax about
4.000 articles that you are compelled to buy
and the tax will be paid by you in the price
of the goods.
Lumber of all kinds is one of the necessaries
of life. The Democratic plattorm of 1908 de
mands that lumber be put on the free list.
THAT IS ONE OF THE BRYANITE
PLEDGES. They got your votes on the
strength of that promise. How are the Bryan
ites redeeming their plighted word?
By breaking it. The Lumber Trust brought
its pressure to bear on your Congressman, and
your Congressman yielded, as usual.
Did you bring any pressure to bear? Did
you drop a card to your Senator, or Repre
sentative ?
If not, do it now. It isn’t too late. DO IT, —
for God’s sake DO IT, and make them feel
your pressure. Tell them in good strong
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE