PAGE TWELVE
Ye Luckless Goat —McLendon
(Concluded from Page 9)
Now, I don't claim that the same rule ap
plies as rigorously to such a tribunal as a
Railway Commission, but I certainly think
that a fourth decision, tracking along after
three others, is such a natural event that no
suspicion of improper motive is suggested by
the decision itself.
Mr. Smith’s paper has very shrewdly and
energetically endeavored to confuse the
facts, and to get the case in such a fog that
the average man will believe McLendon vio
lated the port-rate pledge. He did not. The
petition upon which he passed was a prayer
for special rates on special articles, for the
special benefit of some of the jobbers of At
lanta.
The Murphy Candler suggestion that the
Commission go into the whole subject of port
rates, could not be considered then, for the
reason that the railroads were entitled to pre
vious notice, —thirty days, I believe. What
ever the number of days, the notice has to be
given, otherwise any port-rate decision
against the roads is illegal,—as would be a
judgment entered up against a man who has
not been served with a summons to court.
Please catch that point. The suggestion of
Mr. Candler to go into the broad port-rate
question, as per Macon platform, made a new
case, which the Commission could not legally
pass on. at that time.
Therefore, the literal truth is, that Gov.
Smith suspended McLendon, and began a
crusade to destroy him, when the man had
done no wrong to the State, none to any indi
vidual, none to justice and equal rights.
If S. G. McLendon had committed the
blackest, foulest of crimes, the invectives
against him in Mr. Smith’s Joumal could not
have been more savagely brutal and vindic
tive. He has been ejected from office, de
prived of means of support, condemned to
wear the brand of infamy,—with less cere
mony and consideration than ’the average
white jury gives to the lowest-down negro, on
trial for stealing a hog.
As for the negotiation of the sale of the
Athens bonds, it damaged nobody, inflicted
no injury upon the State, had nothing to do
with the decision, violated no statute, and
was not the'cause of the suspension.
The last decision, which caused the ruin of
McLendon, was made by five Commissioners.
The two members who live in, or are abso
lutely identified with, Atlanta, decided in fa
vor of special privileges to their own town.
The three members who don’t live in Atlanta
and who are independent of her, decided the
other way. Selah.
® ® g]
A Slight Mistake
In talking to the Atlanta drummers, Mr.
Hoke Smith made a few little mistakes, which
don't amount to much, but which, in the good
ness of our hearts, we will correct.
He informed the genial drummers that the
Sugar Trust got great things at the recent
extra session of Congress, by making cam
paign contributions to the Republican party
last year.
Mister Hoke is a little bit off the trolley
here.
The Sugar Trust got from Congress the
tariff rates which it wanted, and out of which
it has amassed hundreds of millions of dol
lars at the expense of the people, but those
tariff rates were not original with the recent
extra session, nor with the Republican party.
In the Presidential campaign of 1892, the
Sugar Trust put $500,000 into the Democratic
campaign fund, and after the Democratic
party had swept the deck, — electing Presi
dent. Senate and House, — Mr. Havemeyer, of
the Sugar Trust, went to Washington in per
son, to get the goods that he had bargained
for.
And the infamous tariff rates out of which
Jeffersonian
grew the plundering, thieving law-breaking
Sugar Trust, WERE WRITTEN BY JOHN
G. CARLISLE, THE DEMOCRATIC COL
LEAGUE OF THE HON. HOKE SMITH
IN THE CABINET OF GROVER CLEVE
LAND.
It is true that after the Democratic Presi
dent and Congress made a mess of every
thing, and lost out, the wily Trust played the
other card. It bribed the Republican leaders
in order that it might keep what it had bribed
the Democratic leaders to give.
That was the way of it, Mister Hoke.
You knew very w T ell how it was, for you
were in the game. Please don't fool the drum
mers again, Mister Hoke.
® SI
Two Ifays of Spending a Day
Last week there came up for consideration,
in the Georgia Senate, a most dangerous bill.
It is one which proposes to give away, with
out any sort of price, franchises and powers
that would be worth untold millions to the
Wall Street corporations. This bill virtually
amends the charters of all the railroads, re
newing the exhausted right to condemn pri
vate property, and continuing to them their
exemptions from taxation. Under this bill
the Georgia Railroad could condemn land
from Augusta to Atlanta, and yet enjoy that
luscious exemption from taxation, excepting
upon one-tenth of one per cent, upon its net
income. (And they can so keep books that
there will be no apparent net income.)
Under the proposed law, Harriman who
has gobbled the Central could condemn land
from Savannah to Macon, and from Macon to
Atlanta, and from Atlanta to Columbus, and
from Columbus to Albany, and from Albany
to Macon. He could cut out the loops wher
ever he pleased, leaving off the railroad folks
whose homes have been on the line for genera
tions. He can do all this, and yet hold every
one of those precious tax exemptions.
In other words, these Wall Street robbers
who have seized all of the railroads in the
State, and watered their stocks and bonds up
to the very gullet, and 'who have put such un
sympathetic Southerners as Hanson and
Scott in full control, have the hardihood to
demand that you deal with them in the same
unsophisticated spirit of liberality that your
forefathers did.
These corporations that commit perjury
when they sw T ear to their tax returns, or when
they make oath to valuations in the Federal
Courts (for the two valuations are millions
apart), these corporations which litigate with
you and the State, on every issue, seeking to
wear out the man of moderate means and
compel him to abandon his case because of the
expense or to compromise on the railroad’s
own terms; these men who only a few weeks
ago did their level best to get President Taft
to send Yankee soldiers down here to fight
for the negroes,—these men have the gall to
appear before the Legislature asking for a
law which violates the spirit if not the letter
of our Constitution.
Our fundamental law, adopted in 1877, ex
pressly declares that these corporations shall
not have amendments to their charters, un
less they come under the Constitution, and
pay their taxes as the rest of us do.
The Eminent Domain bill does, in effect,
amend every railroad charter in Georgia, and
yet when Senator Perry proposed that the
railroads seeking these enormous powers
should be made to come under the Constitu
tion, his proposition was rejected. This dan
gerous measure, which is meant to dodge our
supreme law, passed the Georgia Senate, with
only four dissenting votes!
Would you have thought it possible?
I did not know that any such Wall Street
grab was on docket, until the Atlanta papers
reported the action of the Senate. Not a line
of editorial had been published about the
Eminent Domain bill. It was a “still-hunt”
plot.
The moment I read of the action of the
Senate, I got busy. Writing first a card
meant to appear in the Constitution of Sun
day morning, I addressed to Governor Brown
as strong a letter as I knew how to write, beg
ging him most earnestly to veto the bill, if it
should slip through the House.
I then wrote to Hon. Herschel White, Rep
resentative from Screven and one of my Pop
ulist lieutenants in the old days. Pointing out
to him the true nature of the Eminent Do
main bill, I urged him to stir up a fight on it
and kill it.
Monday morning, growing uneasy and rest
less, I telegraphed Mr. White asking if I
could get a hearing before the Legislature. In
a few hours afterwards, he wired that the
House would not consider the bill at this ses
sion. Later he telephoned that he thought
he could scotch the snake in committee.
Now, where was Mr. Hoke Smith that day?
Oh, where was Hoke? He lives in Atlanta,
was right on the ground, controls the Journal,
and pretends to be the best friend the com
mon people have got. In fact, the only true
friend that they have got.
Oh, where was the big and beautiful One,
when the Wall Street gang were stalking
their big game? And when John I. Hall, the
big railroad lawyer, was there to boss the job?
According to the papers, Mister Hoke spent
a part of that day, Saturday, speaking to
some Atlanta drummers, and a part of the
speech was a vicious rap at “Tom Watson”.
Classed me with Tom Loyless, you know, and
Pendleton and Clarke Howell, don’t you
know.
Well, there are different ways of spending
the day.
P. S. — Won't Pendleton and Howell and
Loyless have the time of their lives, if they
keep up with me?
But I’m awf ully sorry Mister Big and Beau
tiful didn’t order his Senators to vote for the
Income Tax: equally grieved that he did not
interpose his magnificent bulk between the
Eminent Domain bill and his Legislature;
and am cut to the heart because he would not
allow it to increase the tax on the Wall Street
corporations which bleed us so.
® ® g]
What Was All that Fuss About ?
Thank heaven it is over.
I mean, of course, the awful noise that was
made by the Democratic dailies of Georgia,
in favor of the Income Tax. Never, in the
recollection of the oldest inhabitant, has any
thing equal to it been heard. Claps of edi
torial thunder sounded, rolled, rumbled,
clapped again, volleyed, grumbled, growled,
clapped again, and shook the houses, until the
window-panes rattled, and the dog whined
and ran under the house, with his tail gripped
between his hind legs.
Upon my word, it was scandalous.
I rather enjoy a moderate amount of zeal,
a reasonable degree of ad vocative heat, a ra
tional vigor of gesticulation, and a parlia
mentary quantity of vocal volleying,—but
enough of a thing is enough.
I don’t know when I have been so pestered
by monotonous noise, unearthly clamors, rau
cous roars, beastly bellowings, riotous bowl
ings, bear-garden bawls, and zoo-collection
discords and jangles, as during the stormy
weeks 'when the Democratic dailies of Georgia
were moving heaven and earth and the other
place, trying to club the Legislature into
adopting the Income Tax amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
You heard that tumultuous racket, didn’t
you ? Sounded like the planets were col
liding, didn’t it?
Never heard such an awful, deafening, dis
tracting furor in all your life, did you?
Yet in spite of all that the Democratic dai
lies could do, the rock-ribbed Senators, whose
fathers before them were unterrified Demo
crats, stoically held out in their patriotic de
termination to keep the millionaires and the