PAGE TWELVE
Things Have Changed
(Concluded from Page Nine)
an instrument summoned of God to lead lost
sheep into the fold. He was a messenger,
proclaiming glad tidings to fallen humanity.
He wasn't hunting for a snug berth and big
pay. The salary had no influence on his
choice of field. His churches contributed to
his support in a voluntary, informal way.
One member would send harm to his beloved
pastor: another a barrel of flour; another a
sack of meal; another poultry, butter and
eggs; another some mutton or beef; another
a load of firewood. The flock generally part
ed with sufficient wool to maintain the shep
herd, but there were no paid choirs, no mort
gaged churches, no “assessments”, no big sal
aries in those days. We had not, at that pe
riod, picked the financial clause out of the
Levitical code and set up the monstrous pre
tense that this money-clause, and this only,
is still binding.
No; things are changing. Whether for the
better, is a different question. When I meet
Miss Clara Vere De Vere, lift my hat to her
and say, “Good morning, Miss Clara,” it jolts
me when this descendant of the De Veres flip
pantly answers, “Howde DO?” — with a ris
ing accent on the “DO”. I don’t think that
such manners are an improvement over the
old style, which would have prompted Miss
De Vere to answer my salutation by saying,
“Good morning, Mr. Watson, I hope that
you and your family are all well."
When I was a boy, we were taught to re
spect our elders and to speak to them first on
meeting; the young people are different now
adays. Almost universally we older folks
have to make the advances, and we often get
rudeness and pertness in return for kindness
and courtesy.
And what’s worse, the young people are not
polite to one another. The girls are mainly
to blame for it, I'm sorry to say. Ts they
would adopt the ride of compelling boys to
treat them more deferentially, there would
quickly be a difference. The girls give way
too much to levity, slang, familiarity and
looseness of deportment. Dignity is becom
ing the exception. When I say “dignity”, I
don't mean stiffness, starchiness, prudery or
Miss Nancy ism. I mean the ladylike self
respect which draws the charmed circle, be
yond which boys and men must not presume.
Such sights as one sees on the cars, where
girls and ladies turn up Coca-Cola bottles
and swig the stuff down—are revolting.
Soda-water-fount manners are no improve
ment over those of our mothers. In fact, the
enormous consumption of Soft Drinks, means
a whole lot more than the public seems to be
aware of. Tens of thousands of girls, who
would never have dreamed of entering a
whisky-saloon, are going daily to the soda
founts, and guzzling stuff that will sink them
to perdition. No other country has as yet
become addicted to this soft-drink evil. It
appears to be peculiarly American.
X. K
How a Congregation Is Held Up
Have you ever been present at a large
church gathering, when the whole service was
a campaign for money—when everything
that was said and done bore upon the great
objective, the collection? The generalship is
often superb, the tactics faultless, the strategy
Napoleonic. The skill with which the hymns
are chosen, prepares the faithful to spread
their pecuniary sympathies over all the
known world—“from Greenland’s icy moun
tains to India’s coral strand”. Then comes
the prayer, in which the Lord is reminded, at
considerable length and with some detail, of
the benighted condition in which He has per
mitted the vast majority of mankind to exist
for thousands of years. The unconscious se
verity with which the minister indicts the
Gfyt Jeffersonian
Almighty, for His neglect of the countless
billions of human beings who have lived and
died without a chance to hear the truth, is
not the least of the stupefying features of
this orthodox proceeding.
Then comes the sermon, in which the con
gregation is played on with the consummate
skill of a Paderewski fingering the piano.
The faithful are alternately flattered and
scolded, praised and blamed; reminded of
what glorious things they have done, and
how mean they are, sometimes; assured that
the Lord loves a cheerful giver, and that it is
more blessed to give than to receive; are told
that the reason why crops are bad is, that they
haven’t paid the Lord what was due Him;
are exhorted to cast their bread upon the
waters, and to confidently expect its return in
the shape of heathen nations won for Christ;
are passionately referred to the undaunted
missionaries who are risking their lives in
foreign fields for the uplifting of idolatrous
pagans; and are reminded that what property
ihey own is a loan from the Lord, which He
has the right to call in whenever He sees fit,
A glorious eulogium is pronounced, in ad
vance, upon the generous contributor; and a
scornful word thrown out for the man who is
too niggardly to give anything.
Then conies the collection. “Who will be
the first to start us off with a liberal dona
tion ? Come, brethren! who will take the
lead in this grand work?”
Vanity and loyalty, as well as charity, be
ing appealed to in this way, results soon fol
low. Over there to the left, in the amen cor
ner, rises a wealthy planter. A hush falls
upon the congregation; something is ex
pected.
In a firm, solemn voice, the rich planter
says, “I will give a bale of cotton.” An ap
proving thrill runs through the multitude,
and the pace is set.
One after another springs to his feet, and
calls out the sum which he will chip in for
the heathen. There is something resembling
an enthusiastic outcry when a country law
yer shouts, “Put me down twenty-five dollars,
and, if I don't pay it, sue me for it!” During
the remainder of the day, the lawyer divides
honors with the bale-of-cotton planter.
(Some months later I learned that the law
yer had not ponied up; and the reason why
he was not sued was, that the church feared
it would have the costs to pay.)
The collection is a brilliant success, and if
hundreds of the poorer members, who are
really unable to give anything, have been
morally coerced into surrendering their little
surplus of cash, nobody thinks of them, and
they dare not complain. There are a good
many kinds of hold-ups in this world, and
you are rather helpless when the preacher sin
gles you out in church and says to you,
“Stand and deliver!’’ They have actually got
to the point where the general in charge of
the collection campaign will name those pres
ent, one after another, and kindly mention
the amount expected from the members per
sonated.
To the rich and well-to-do, this can not pos
sibly be agreeable; but what must be the feel
ings of a poor man who has been duly warned
of the bad opinion the preacher will have of
the mean, miserly wretch who won’t give the
heathen so much as half-a-dollar ?
« x a
Hookworms, and “Sich ”
I'm not hunting for trouble with the doc
tors. They are a mighty smart set of men.
Some of them are level-headed and some of
them are cranks, —same as editors, lawyers,
preachers, and Smithsonian Institute officials.
Part of the medical fraternity claim that
2,000,000 “poor white trash” in the South are
no account, trifling, not worth the powder and
lead it would take to kill ’em, —because of the
hookworm. But here comes Dr. Bloomfield,
of Athens, Ga., contending that the sons of
rich parents also- have, in their insides, the
same kind of parasite.
So, you can see for yourself, how I am both
ered. I am like the old Justice of the Peace:
if both sides insist upon offering testimony,
and both plaintiff and defendant want to be
heard through their lawyers, I get confused.
In emergencies of that kind, it is best to
throw heads and tails, and decide accordingly.
It saves a world of trouble.
Now as to this hookworm business, —what
are we to do? They have already loaded us
up with so many millions of germs, bacilli,
gonococci, and parasites,—some on the out
side of us, and others doing their level best
to get inside—that it’s a wonder that anybody
ever lives to have grandchildren.
I remember the first time we Thomson peo
ple ever were told that there were numberless
living creatures in every drop of water. He
was a preacher, named Caldwell, and he came
here from Tennessee, and began to tell us
things.
First, he claimed that cat-squirrels were so
plentiful where he came from, that he himself
had killed “that depot full of them”, —and he
pointed toward the Thomson depot. Well,
we were accustomed to swallowing all that
the preachers said, and we swallowed the
story about the cat-squirrels.
Secondly, he claimed that there were cows
in Tennessee which gave six gallons of milk
a day. Now, at that time (it was just after
the War in which we fatigred ourselves whip
ping the Yankees) our cows were of the “old
Brindle” sort. They had “wolves” in their
backs; their horns had to be bored for the
“hollow-horn”; they came feebly out of the
woods of evenings to be milked, bringing a
load of ticks, sandflies and horseflies; and
they gave about a gallon of thin, blue stuff
that we took to be milk. Churned assiduously
for about an hour, this dubious fluid-extract
produced a little “pat” of white substance
which was universally called “butter”.
So, you can see for yourself, that when Par
son Caldwell, from Tennessee, laughed at our
cows, and boasted that he had known of some
which gave six gallons in one day, he drew a
whopping big draft on our credulity. Still,
he was a preacher, and we honored it.
Thirdly, he said, in a sermon, that in every
drop of water which we drank there were mil
lions of “live’’ things. Then we just knew
that he was an unmitigated liar. Everybody
was down on him. There wasn’t a man in our
whole community who did not say that the
thing was impossible. If there were millions
of wriggling, twisting, writhing things in a
drop of water, we’d see ’em. Everybody knew
that, even in Thomson.
So, it came to pass that when Caldwell pub
lished a pamphlet to prove that negroes have
no souls, he went into the fire once too often.
They turned him out of the church, and he
moved away.
Therefore, as I was saying, about this hook
worm business, I don’t want to have any row
with the enthusiastic believers in “this
new theory; but I want to be shown, you un
derstand.
Breeds of cattle will “run out”. A stock of
hogs will “run out*’. A breed of dogs will
“run out”. We are just animals, you know;
and it is likely that where poor people, or
rich people, confine themselves to the same
“settlement”, generation after generation,
never going twenty miles from home, inter
marrying among themselves, and never cross
ing with other blood, the breed “runs out”.
The 2,000,000 poor whites referred to are very
ignorant and destitute. Often they have
malaria all the time. They suffer from in
sufficient clothing. Their food is scanty and
without variety. They take every kind of
weather; they work or idle about in wet
clothes; they have no knowledge of sanita
tion ; they don’t know how to live. The fry
ing-pan gives them sour belch, colic, “heart
burn”, and constipation. The way they cook