be made to this question, “Is the newly-made
world of today a better world than that of
fifty years ago?’’
In applied science—the subjection of steam,
electricity and gas to the services of mankind
wonders have been worked. Our methods
of producing wealth and of exchanging com
modities; our system of education, of finance,
of journalism, of State and national admin
istration have been revolutionized. In such
branches of art as photography in our con
quest over the entire material world, we' have
transformed the whole thing; but the question
yet remains is it a cleaner, purer, brighter,
happier world than that in which our fathers
and mothers dwelt?
It seems to be a fact that a large percent
age of the people have departed from the old
religious faith. It seems to me that this is
indisputably true; but does the man who loses
his faith in Chi istianity become a better man
on that account ? Is the scoffing son or grand
son of the New England Puritan a higher,
nobler type than was his pious forefathers?
Is the preacher’s son, who is an infidel, a more
useful citizen than his devout father was?
Is the daughter, who laughs at the faith of
her mother, going to become a better wife or
better mother than were her own religious
parents ?
Again, are we an honester, more temperate
people than were the Americans of fifty years
ago? What is the exact social and moral sig
nificance of the fifty or sixty thousand di
vorces that are being granted by the courts
annually ? What weight is to be given to the
fact that President Roosevelt appointed a
commission to investigate existing conditions
in the homes of the people of the cities, and
that this report, officially made after pains
taking investigation, revealed such an appall
ing state of affairs that the government de
cided it would be advisable to suppress the
publication? This is no reference to some
sensational magazine article which may be
sneered aside by those in authority—this is
an allusion to a recent fact which ought to
have created a profound impression through
out the United States. Virtually, the United
States government by the suppressing of that
official report declared to the world that the
conditions now existing in the homes of this
Christian people are so shocking .that they
should not be made known to the world.
Again, what is the real meaning of the as
tounding size of our yearly drink bill? and
what is implied by the infinite variety and in
genuity of the devices invented to keep us
from stealing from one another? Every time
you go into a store you are bound to be re
minded of the fact that the proprietor places
no confidence in the employee, and the em
ployee none in the proprietor. In the cash
drawer, in the system of collecting fares on
street-cars and railway trains, in the check
and counter-check at the hotels, in the elab
orate system of the banks and other corpora
tions, in the expensive safe-vaults provided
against the burglar, the robber and the sneak
thief —in fact, in every direction that our eyes
take in the business world we are bound to
see that commerce goes upon the idea that
every man will steal if he gets the oppor
tunity. The whole ingenious, elaborate and
constantly changing system of putting away
from the employee by the employer, and from
the partner by the associate, the chance to
commit larceny seems to say, “Every one of as
will steal if you don't watch vs.” Was it that
bad fifty years ago?
As to the kings of high finance. The dif
ference between them and the baronial cattle
lifters and highway robbers of the medieval
age is that these latter-day fellows don’t even
have to take the risk of putting on armor,
seizing the sword or lance and riding out in
the open, where the other fellow had a pos
sible chance to escape or to kill the robber.
Stock-watering, bond-issuing, railroad-reor
ganization, monopolistic trusts don’t give you
Gbe
the opportunity to either run or fight. You
just simply have to stand and deliver.
It wasn’t that way fifty years ago.
The methods of governing a city, as well as
the methods of conducting the administration
of States and of the Federal government, have
also undergone a complete change within the
last half-century. I, for one, would be ex
tremely happy if President Elliott could
demonstrate that the manner in which such
cities as New York, Philadelphia and Chica
go, for instance, are controlled officially is an
improvement as well as a change.
As to our administration of justice, the less
said the better.
X ®
Subscribe to the “Confederate
Veteran"
There isn't a more deserving magazine
than The Confederate Veteran, of Nashville,
Tennessee. Every Southern man and boy,
woman and girl would be bettered by its in
fluence. Without displaying any sectional
rancor, it maintains the anti-Dickinson atti
tude of self-respect, and it gives from month
to month most valuable additions to the his
tory of the Civil War.
IS ® g]
The Fatherhood of God
Many people appear to think that an ad
mission of the Fatherhood of God carries with
it the concession that all men are brothers,
and. therefore equal.
That is not the case. God is the Father of
all things, animate and inanimate—of the
beasts of the field as well as the races of men.
The fact that you admit that God is the
Father of both the Ponca Indian and the
Australian Bushman does not commit you to
the proposition that you and the savages are
brothers, and consequently equals.
The doctrine of the Brotherhood of Man is
pernicious when it is held to mean that there
is a natural equality among the races.
There are five great human strains of
blood, and they rise above each other like the
steps to a ladder. Lowest is the black man;
highest is the white one.
Equality exists nowhere, for each of these
vast human groups radically differ.
White people ought never to marry any
but white people. To cross the breed with
negroes, Chinese or Hindoos lowers the Cau
casian level.
One of the greatest menaces to our future
is this false doctrine of brotherhood and
equality, taught by Socialists and Roman
clerics. Wherever the papal authority has
been supreme—as in Central and South
America, in Cuba and Mexico—the people
have been mongrelized and debased.
X ® ®
What Is a State Court, Anyway?
That question is asked by Judge Fite in
one of his cards referring to the case in which
his court was raped.
The Atlanta negro, Rucker, backed by Wil
liam Newman and Carter Tate, spit upon the
State, just as he had seen Judges Jones,
Pritchard and Grosscup do. “Heavily armed
deputies” were waiting to take the next train
tor Dade county on a mission of violence.
I hese were white men, armed and ready to
shoot white State officers in the interest of an
Atlanta negro!
I ain awfully sorry those “heavily armed
deputies” were not invited by Judge Fite to
“come on”. He ought to have summoned
every white man in Dade county, if .neces
sary, and had them “heavily armed” to meet
those “heavily armed” nigger ites that were
waiting to take the next train.
Attorney-General Hart is as brave as a
lion, but his moral courage did not rise to
the occasion. He made a mistake when he
advised Judge Fite to back down. We lost a
glorious chance to settle a question that has
got to be settled sooner or later.
Ihe fact that the law being undermined
by the federal authorities is the prohibition
law, and the further fact that it is an inso
lent negro who is protecting the blind tiger
at the Cureton still, gave the State all the
advantage of position and principle.
Ihe Attorney - General and Governor
Brown would have had the moral support of
nine-tenths of the people had they wired
Judge Fite: “STAND YOUR GROUND!
THE STATE TROOPS WILL RE
CALLED OUT IF NECESSARYI”
That is what Governors Comer, Glenn and
Smith ought to have done two years ago,
when Pritchard, Jones and Newman virtually
took the position that a State has to have a
permit from lower court Federal judges be
fore it can enforce its laws.
1 hat doctrine is the result of corporation
encroachment since the Civil War. Where
is it to stop if no Attorney-General and no
Governor has the backbone to call out the
State troops?
In 1824, Georgia had a Governor about
half as big, physically, as Governor Hoke
Smith, and twice as big in everv other way.
I allude to George M. Troup.
President J. Q. Adams sent a message to
Congress in which he threatened to use the
Federal troops against the State of Georgia.
(The clash was on the Creek land cession at
the Indian Spring.) Troup immediately
convened the legislature, sent in a
message and wound up his statement of the
case by saying:
"1 appeal to you, gentlemen— . . . the argu
ment being exhausted let us stand by our arms!” *
I he I resident sent General Gaines down to
Indian Springs and that United States officer
got to high-horsing around and Troup de
manded his arrest of the President. To the
mil ilia generals the Governor sent orders to
hold their commands in readiness “to repel
any hostile invasion”. Arms and ammuni
tion were provided.
I he President backed down.
That lesson was good for the whole coun
try.
WE NEED ANOTHER ONE JUST
TAKE IT, AND WE NEED IT BAD.
X] »' gi
Dared Not Publish the
Report
Dr. Simpson, whose eloquence drew about
seven thousand dollars for foreign missions
fi oni one Atlanta audience, made a big haul
m New York City a few nights ago. He
tapped the fanatics for sixty-four thousand
dollars.
Within a mile of where he took up this col
lection for the heathen (and incidentally for
the missionaries who have such a fine time of
it abroad) he could have found at least a
hundred thousand of the most besotted and
heathenish human beings that the world con
tains.
New A ork is one of the cities investigated
by the Roosevelt Homes Commission, and the
government suppressed the facts.
[a] ®
Oh, You China!
Brother J. C. Armstrong, mission secretary
for Missouri, calls upon (he Baptists of that
State for eighteen thousand dollars. So the
Christian Index tells us.
M hat does Brother Armstrong intend to
do with the money? He is crazy to build
another tine seminary for the Chinese at
Shanghai.
I hope that he will not get the eighteen
thousand dollars. The people of Missouri
need good school-buildings themselves, unless
they are much better off than other Southern
States.
PAGE THIRTEEN