PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
FILIPINOS NOT ANXIOUS.
There is apparently less anxiety in the Phil
ippines as to the date of independence for the
islands than there is in the United States. A
member of the. Filipino Assembly introduced
a resolution the other day instructing the del
egates at Washington to ask Congress how
long it would be befo re independence would be
granted. The re lution met with almost
unanimous ridicule and was at once withdrawn
without being voted upon. The Filipinos are
wiser than some of their professed friends in
this country. —Boston Herald.
CONVICT LEASE SYSTEM.
The convict lease system of this State is as
crude as an unfinished temple and places the
State almost if not quite in the attitude of
trafficking in human beings as conspicuously
as did individuals in ante-bellum days.
Our convicts are now taken and rented out
to work in lumber and turpentine camps, and
in many instances are no doubt cruelly treat
ed, almost to the point of murder, and of
course the State is responsible for it. They
are overworked and underfed, and nobody
seems to care, because they are people who
have been caught in their meannss —they are
convicts.
Thre is plenty the State can do with them
besides renting them. The roads of this State
are not by any means perfect. In many coun
ties some of them are nearly impassable, and
Whitfield is one. There are some good roads
in this county, and there are some mighty bad.
Suppose the convicts were worked on them.
Would it not be better, more humane, more
progressive, and would we not in a short time
have good roads'? —Dalton (Ga.) Citizen.
$800,000,000 A YEAR FOR DRINK.
The part played by the drink traffic in the
social and political life of England is enor
mous. The people spend over $800,000,000 a
year on drink. The revenue derived from it
more than floats the British navy, and amounts
to 28 per cent of the total revenue of the king
dom. The old jest that the peerage should
change its name to the beerage gives the meas
ure of the social influence of a trade which in
America, I believe, is not classed among the
most reputable industries. There is another
point of contrast between the English and the
American attitude toward the drink traffic
that is not without interest. In America it
is the saloonkeeper who is the prominent fig
ure; in England it is the big brewer or dis
tiller. About $1,500,000,000 has been invested
in the trade in the United Kingdom; over
110,000 premises are licensed for the sale of
alcohol, and the number of people who hold
shares in brewery companies must run into
many hundreds of thousands. Moreover most
of the saloons in this country are what is
called “tied” houses. That is to say, they are
owned by the brewing or distilling companies,
whose influence thus finds a local rallying
point in nearly every town and village in the
land.—Harper’s Weekly.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ALDRICH’S NEW ALLY.
Texas is a big state and it breeds big men.
For example, the acres of Texas are not broad
er than is the fine Americanism of Senator
Culberson. Therefore we count it a pity that
there must be shame today from what was
once called the “staked plain” down to
where the Rio Grande marks the Mexican bor
der over the part taken in Wednesday’s sen
ate proceedings by Culberson’s fellow-sena
tor.
Bailey is a big man —physically and men
tally. Honest regret is all the greater when
a giant in intellect proves himself to be a
Liliputian in character.
Long ago, in speaking of Knox, we coined
the term “national senator,” to fit the few
men of commanding ability and purity of pur
pose who are drafted into the service of the
whole United States, because the country can
not afford to let the energies of such be
restricted to the affairs of a single state.
In the past we had deemed Bailey, of Texas,
well worthy of a place in that small, honored
contingent. Student and orator, a born lead
er and winner of men* an authority on consti
tutional questions fit to stand beside Knox
himself, we let no partisan feeling cloud our
admiration for this Texan.
Yet this same man, after making a speech,
forty-eight hours before, ostensibly in oppo
sition to the Aldrich bill, championed in the
senate on Wednesday the most vicious fea
ture of one of the most harmful measures
which evil interests ever attempted to foist
upon the American people.
Bailey is a great lawyer. But this time
his case was so bad that, for once, he was
not even plausible. Though it may seem a
contradiction in terms, his argument was oily,
but it was not smooth.
Slow as we have been to credit the attacks
upon Bailey by his enemies, we must say
bluntly that while he may or may not have
affiliations with Standard Oil, no Wall Street
tool of Rockefeller and Rogers could have
served them so well as did this Texan in
aligning himself with Standard Oil’s hand
iest man, Mr. Aldrich.
Bailey did not indulge in frank and open
advocacy of the bill condemned by every sane
business man in America. He calculated his
uterances with care. His device was to crip
ple opposition to the outrageous scheme by
exploiting and indorsing, under the pretense
of criticism, the one vitally vicious principle •
of the bill.
Every session of congress presents some
strange example of inconsistency. We recall
none so deplorable as this attempt by Bailey
to place railroad bonds above commercial pa
per as desirable, useful and profitable invest
ments by banks of the money of depositors.
This man, though now deposed, was the
leader of his party, and through many ses
sions was the foremost democrat in congress.
He comes from a state and section whose pres
ent strength and future hope are dependent
solely upon legitimate commercial develop-
ment. He knows the history of the iniquitous
bond flotations of the past ten years. He
knows the story of the wrecking of the Alton.
He is bound to note the passage of the bond
burdened railroads into the hands of receivers.
Yet he stands forth as a leader and calls
upon the southern senators and congressmen
to approve the economic heresy that the money
of each community should be invested in the
dubious securitieWWall street is eager to un
load, instead of being used for the industrial
and business needs of that community.
Bailey has gone even farther than Aldrich
dared to go. The author of the measure
which should be entitled, “A bill to permit
Wall street to plunder the commerce of
America,” contented himself with ignoring
commercial paper as a basis for currency.
Bailey proclaims its inferiority.
Aldrich made a feeble attempt at decep
tion by declaring that his bill was modeled
upon the German currency system, “with a
slight difference in the character of securities
used for emergency issues.” Silence was his
only response to the prompt reply of the busi
ness world that the worst fault of his bill
was its difference from the German system.
But Bailey comes forward and declares, in
substance, that Aldrich and Wall street alone
are right and Germany, France and England
are wrong in considering approved commer
cial paper maturing at short intervals the
only safe and proper basis for an elastic cur
rency.
Bailey stands beside Aldrich and Cannon
today as spokesman for the gambler against
the American business man. If what these
men say were true, if Wall street’s railroad
bonds are better than the paper of the mer
chant and the manufacturer, it would be time
for every business man to stop business and
take up gambling for his occupation.
But Riley is merely the echo of a falsehood
—for what reason we know not. Pennsyl
vania, remembering its Penrose, looks south
ward and offers its sympathy to misrepresent
ed Texas. —Philadelphia North American.
Culpepper’s Re-Improved Big' 801 l
Extra Prolific Cotton
It is the best cotton that grows, made
three bales on one acre last year. It
is early and turns out more lint that
any big boll variety known. Every
farmer should plant it. Write for
circulars.
J. E. CULPEPPER, Luthersville, Ga.
PRICES: 1 bushel, f 1.50; 5 bushels, $6.75;
10 bushels, $12.50.
Jeffersonian Bible
Weekly Jeffersonian and Bible - $1.50
Monthly “ “ “ . 2,00
JEFFERSONIAN. Thomson. Ga.