PAGE EIGHT
Clje Jeffersonian,
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.,January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA.', MARCH 18, 1909.
Mr. 'Roosebelt's Administration.
Is it possible to form, so early as this, a defi
nite conception of the net result of Mr. Roose
velt’s work as President? There have been
seven years of strenuity, of varied turmoil, of
Big Stick demonstrations, of bold initiative at
home and abroad. Such a churning up of things,
nobody has ever seen. Practically every ques
tion relating to private and public affairs has
been stirred, —how many have been settled?
A President more ready to speak his mind,
this country has not had. We know what Mr.
Roosevelt thinks he thinks on pretty nearly
every earthly subject. Generally, he speaks
with the passion of a strong, partisan nature.
And it often happens that he is boisterously
confident that he is right about matters where
he has made no independent investigation, and
where his opinion has been influenced by inter
ested parties.
SOME GOOD RESULTS.
Mr. Roosevelt’s greatest achievement, per
haps, is the moral one. He has given the tre
mendous force of Presidential endorsement to
the agitators who have, for many years, been
laboring so hard to convince the nation that
great reforms are needed. By his denuncia
tions and prosecution of law-defying Trusts,
he has not only quickened the indignation felt
by the common people against these corpora
tions, but he has stimulated inquiry into the
' system of legislation which breeds these
Trusts. While he himself has said almost
nothing against the robber Tariff, it is certain
that the monstrosities of Dingleyism are
doomed.
We think that Mr. Roosevelt’s intense per
sonalitv and riotous activities have roused the
American people into a more general and in
telligent interest in their governmental affairs
than they have felt since the Civil War. We
begin to entertain a lively expectation that the
time is not far distant when tne average citi
wen will pay almost as much attention to the
manner in which the laws are made as he does
the construction of his henhouse and pig
pen. Our retiring President has laid about
him so vigorously, has raised such loud rack
ets in so many different directions, that he
compelled the people to take notice, and played
havoc with inertia, lotus eating, general
apathy and don’t-care indifference. For this
public service, the country owes Theodore
Roosevelt a debt of gratitude. We hope the
day will soon come when our people shall be
as sensitive to the action of law-making bod
ies of all kinds as they have heretofore been
callous. Our vast system should be like the
spider’s web. —not to be touched at any point
without exciting the keenest, most jealous
watchfulness of those whose well-being is de
pendent upon that system. ,
Those who pronounce formal eulogies upon
Mr. Roosevelt mention to his credit the settle
ment of the great Coal-miners’ strike, his in
fluence in bringing about peace between Rus
sia and Japan, his struggle for the Rate bill,
his efforts to break up illegal combinations of
'Seffevsonlan
corporate capital, his bringing of the army and
navy to a higher state of efficiency, his war
upon corruption and incompetency in high
places, his constant and eager search for the
best man for the place, his driving power in
the construction of the Panama Canal, his vi
talizing of the National Conservation move
ment, his influence in behalf of inland deep
water routes, his moves in world-politics
which have undoubtedly given the L nited
States added prestige abroad.
As we look back over the seven years of the
Roosevelt administration, we see quite a num
ber of spots on the sun. There is a strange
play of light and shadow over it all.
On the Rate bill, after all of the violent pro
testations that he would never capitulate to
the Aldrich crowd, the President surrendered.
—leaving Senator Tillman and ex-Senator
Chandler very much in the lurch. In the Har
riman matter, he could make no progress, and,
even in the case of the Brownsville soldiers,
the final compromise gave to Foraker the hon
ors of war. T'he stumble he made in reference
to Simplified Spelling, he was glad to allow
forgotten; and his wrangle with Bellamy
Storer and “My Dear Maria” added consider
ably to the gayety of nations. The outrageous
style in which Mrs. Minor Morris was dragged
from the White House furnished an uncanny
episode which might easily have been avoided;
and the appointment of the negro, Terrell, to
a judgeship over the whites of the national
capital was a deliberate insult which it is hard
to forgive.
The Panama Canal will always be associ
ated with the name of Roosevelt. Would that
it could be disassociated from the names of
Bunau-X arilla and William Nelson Cromwell.
These unscrupulous conspirators were mainly
responsible for the infamous wrong which the
powerful United States perpetrated on a help
less neighbor. If it is a fact that the Panama
route is better than that of Nicaragua,—about
which opinions will ever differ, —we should
have acquired right-of-way from Colombia
honorably, or not at all.
To actively collude with, aid and abet the
scoundrels who manufactured the sham revo
lution that wrenched a province from Colom
bia, must always be the source of national re
proach .
That Bunau-Varilla. Cromwell and associ
ates secured control of the stock of the old
Panama Canal Company for a song, and un
loaded it on our Government for $40,000,000,
is true beyond all reasonable doubt. The ques
tions which the late Senator Morgan t>f Ala
bama put to Cromwell, when the Senate Com
mittee had the subject under investigation,
and the refusal of Cromwell to answer (on the
ground that the facts sought to be dragged
forth professional secrets,) left room for
but one hvpothesis. AND THAT ONE
WAS, THAT THE CONSPIRATORS
DARED NOT LET- THE FACTS COME
OUT.
The indictments recently found against Pu
litzer, Smith and others, for publishing “sto
ries" on the line of the above paragraph, will
come to nothing. The President made his
grand-stand play, got the indictments, and is
now off for Africa. Taft will probably let the
wFole thing drop.
Another ugly chapter in our foreign rela
tions, during Roosevelt’s administration, is
that of our treatment of Venezuela.
As all the world knows, capitalists from the
four corners had swooped down on this Cen
tral American state seeking “concessions.’'
Various corporations were chartered to do va
rious things, and lavish grants were made to
them. To develop the country, you know. In
course of time, Venezuela found herself owing
a huge amount to capitalists of Great Britain,
Germany, Holland, etc. In 1902 three of the
European nations prostituted their navies to
the use of 'the usurers, and the battle-ships of
England, Germany and Italy came over to
collect the debts. ' There was a blockade of
powerless Venezuela, and a threat to bombard
her sea-coast cities. Finally arbitration was
agreed on, and the Hague Tribunal, passing
on the claims of the foreign capitalists, found
that they had been shockingly padded. In
other words, three great navies had been used
against a weak state in the effort TO EN
FORCE FRAUDULENT CLAIMS.
One of the marauding corporations which
was trying to exploit Venezuela was The New
York and Bermudez Asphalt Company. We
have not the space to give a history of its crimi
nal career. It financed the 'Matos rebellion
which failed and undoubtedly had a hand in
the recent revolution which put Gomez in the
place of Castro.
Tn the long contest between Venezuela and
the Asphalt Trust, our Government has thrown
its whole weight on the side of the criminal
corporation. One of the most offensive proto
cols sent by the United States to Venezuela
was written by the attorney of the Trust.
It was forwarded to Castro by the notori
ous “Loomis, Acting,” without the knowledge
of the Secretary of State, Mr. Hay. There
may come to light, one of these days, the secret
explaining how. during the closing weeks of
Hay’s service, he was without power in his
own department.
Beyond all comparison, the two greatest
mistakes made bv the Roosevelt administra
tion were the handling of the panic of 1907,
and the permission given to the Steel Trust to
absorb its most dangerous competitor.
To check the panic, all that was needed was
more money. The wild expansion of credits,
coincident with the cornering of the available'
supply of cash by the New York banks, had
precipitated the crash. There are Acts of
Congress, passed during the Civil War but
still in force, under which the secretary of the
Treasury could have immediately issued more
than $ 150,000,000 in Greenbacks. If the Wall
Street rascals, who were hoarding money
which did not belong to them, had failed to
weaken when the Government began issuing
an increase of money, a Presidential threat to
put in circulation the gold reserve would have
brought Wall Street to terms.
As it was, the President allowed the panic
makers to rob the Government, at the same
time that they pillaged the people. Wall
Street got an issue of bonds, and did not ne
cessarily have to use their own money in pay
ing for them. They had in their hands more
than enough public funds for thp purpose.
In the case of the Steel Trust, the panic
makers were given the tacit permission to vio
late the law, and to secure for $30,000,000
property estimated to be worth from $300,000,-
000 to $500,000,000. Armed with the tremen
dous advantage obtained by the merger with
the Tennessee Coal & Iron Co., the Steel
Trust can declare war against the independ
ents, certain of victory in the long run.
The action of President Roosevelt in hav
ing all the documents relating to this unlaw
ful merger sent to the White House, so that
the senate committee could not. get to see
them, was a piece of sharp practice which
did not add to the dignity of the Presidential
attitude in the premises.
Having wiitten thus far as a historian ini
tially summing up, it is with pleasure that
we turn to the more agreeable features of the
Roosevelt regime.
He has been one of the most affable and
approachable of all our Presidents. He has put
more heart in his work than any other occu
pant of the XX bite House. Intensely human,