PAGE FOURTEEN
Labor Unions, Farmers 9 Un
ion, Duck, Bodey and
Ladson.
(Concluded from Page 3)
ever evidence he can that the land
on which the trees stand belongs to
him. Now, suppose that man keeps
on cutting those trees, defying the
Court, and refusing to present his
evidence, —is the Judge to stand idly
by, and not give you the protection
which you have asked?
Restraining orders of that charac
ter are one of the commonest and
oldest writs of the Courts. Law
abiding citizens immediately obey
such judicial orders; prepare their
cases; present their evidence to the
Judge; and submit to his decision,
(or carry the case to a higher
CDCC TH Vfill liV QIQTCD Free to You and Every Sister Suffer
ntt IU lUU — MI Old Itn j n g from Woman’s Ailments.
a- •'••■> ■z^LK^^^S'^Sfc^Bg^^w/oßc<vj , yK^^ft2^tK? i vC<".’<<-;<’;A
I •>:•■•’■•& : Js§£<WS>
( X -^^K ? ? %• • i
I want to send you a complete ten days’ treatment entirely tree to prove to
you that you can cure yourself at home, easily, quickly and surely. Remember,
that it will cost you nothing; to give the treatment a complete trial; and if you
should wish to continue, it will cost you only about 12 cents a week, or less than
two cents a day. It will not interfere with your work or occupation. Just send
me your name and address, tell me how you suffer if you wish, and I will send
you the treatment for your case, entirely free, in plain wrapper, by return mail.
T w’ill also send you free of cost, my book— “WOMAN’S OWN MEDICAL AD
VISER” with explanatory illustrations showing why women suffer, and how they
can easily cure themselves at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to
think for herself. Then when the doctor says, "You must have an operation,”
you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured themselves with
my home remedy. It cures all, old or young. To Mothers of Daughters, I will
explain a simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leu
eorrhoea, Green Sickness and Painful or Irregular Menstruation in Young Ladies.
Plumpness and health always result from its use.
Wherever you live, I can refer you to ladies of your own locality who know
and will gladly tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all 'wom
en’s diseases, and makes women well, strong, plump and robust. Just send me
your address, and the free ten days’ treatment is yours, also the book. Write to
day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
mrs. m. summers, Box 460, South Bend, Ind., U. S. A.
Are You Looking for a Home?
Then investigate Colquitt County. Its farm-lands are unsurpassed by any
in the State of Georgia. Its population consists principally of white Geor
gians, who are prosperous and contented.
Correspond with us if in need of farm-lands either as a home or as an in
vestment. We are prepared to supply your wants, in either large or small
tracts, at very low prices and easy terms.
Perfect titles, well-drained soil, healthy climate, good roads, good schools
and churches in every community. Fine railroad facilities and excellent
nearby markets for all farm products. For further particulars write us.
COLQUITT COUNTY LAND COMPANY,
Moultrie, Georgia.
PHINIZY & eo.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
We will discount by ten per cent, any better rates offered than ours.
d* - Our school is open day and night. Write for our new catalogue.
%PI»VV buys my penmanship guide. R. H. BOND. Principal.
Court,) thus having the dispute set
tled in a quiet, orderly, lawful way.
Now, what did Mr. Gompers and
Mr. John Mitchell and Mr. Frank
Morrison do? They had begun to
publish a boycott notice which was
seriously damaging the business,
(and, therefore, the property,) of
that St. Louis Stove and Range Com
pany. This Company thereupon
went to Judge Wright, in the circuit
having jurisdiction over Mr. Gom
pers, and presented the facts, sworn
to, and praying Judge Wright to re
strain Mr. Gompers from publishing
that boycott notice. The order was
issued and served. Mr, Gompers and
his colleagues were summoned to
come into Court, and let the Judge
decide the issue between the labor
leaders and the St. Louis Stove and
I am a woman.
I know woman’s sufferings.
I have found the cure.
I will mail, free of any charge, my home
treatment with full instructions to any suf
ferer from woman’s ailments. I want to tell
all women about this cure— you, my reader,
i for yourself, your daughter, your mother, or
\ your sister. 1 want to tell you how to cure
ayourselves at home without the help of a doc
gjtor. Men cannot understand women’s suffer
ings. What we women know from experi
glence, we know better than any doctor. I
;3know that my home treatment is a safe and
7 sure cure for Leucorrhoea or Whitish Dls
f charges. Ulceration, Displacement or Falling
of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful Pe
riods, literiue or Ovarian Tumors or Growths;
also pains In the bend, back and bowels, bear
ing down feelings, nervousness, creeping feel
ing up the spine, melancholy, desire to cry,
hot flashes, weariness, kidney and bladder
troubles where caused by weaknesses peculiar
to our sex.
51)4 'Jeffersonian
Range Company. Ought not Mr.
Gompers to have obeyed that order?
Ought not he to have gone to Court,
just as you and I would have to do?
Did he and his colleagues have a
right to take the law into their own
hands? If he was in the right, and
the Stove Company in the wrong,
why did he not go into Court and
lay the evidence before the Judge?
His defiance of judicial authority is
all the more remarkable because of
the fact that he has continued to pub
lish the boycott notice! Never have
I known such an aggravated con
tempt of Court.
“Liberty of the Press” does not
give me the right to blast your repu
tation by publishing vile slanders of
you. The Courts would enjoin me
from doing it, —just as they tried to
stop Mr. Gompers.
(4) Now, as to the boycott and
the blacklist. Just put on your
thinking-cap, and follow me. What
is the blacklist? The corporation
gets a grudge against you and dis
charges you: it does not want you
to get another job: it, therefore, fol
lows you up; and, if you obtain an
other position, it notifies the em
ploying corporation that you are on
their blacklist, —that you are a dan
gerous man and ought to be dis
charged. You are, accordingly, fired.
You go to another corporation and
get another job. By the same proc
ess as before, you are again fired.
This happens-to you, again and again,
until you are finally convinced that
they are all dead against you, and
that you can not get work anywhere.
In other words, you are boycotted.
Isn’t that plain and simple enough?
THE BLACKLIST IS SIMPLY THE
CORPORATION’S METHOD OF
BOYCOTTING THE UNDESIRABLE
WORKMAN.
Now, let’s see how the boycott, as
applied by the labor unions, works.
By publication, or otherwise, you
take patronage away from a certain
mill, or a certain Stove and Range
Company: you prevail upon every
body who will listen to you to refuse
to buy their goods or to refuse to
work for them. If you succeed with
your plans, the Stove and Range
Company become convinced that they
can not manufacture and sell goods:
every hand is turned against them.
In other words, they are boycotted.
Are not the two cases precisely simi
lar, in principle? It is merely a
question as to whose ox the boycott
bull gores. The fact that one is a
billionaire corporation, and the other
is just a poor man who has a wife
and about thirteen children, doesn’t
make the least bit of difference, in
the principle of the thing.
As to what wage-earners will do if
they have the power,—look at what
some of the corporation chiefs have
done, after they had climbed to
wealth and power, from the station
of wage-earners. The old Adam that
is in them develops: they become
proud, arrogant, despotic,—merciless
to the very workers from whose
ranks they rose. We are all human,
Brother New, and it simply will not
do to put too much power in the
hands of any of us.
Neither you nor any one else has
been a more consistent and earnest
champion of organized labor than I
have been. In 1889, I made a La
bor-day speech for the . Locomotive
Engineers in Augusta that was so
radical that it queered me with the
most powerful capitalists in Augusta,
and I have never regained their fa
vor. Not a step further would I now
go than is outlined in that speech;
but I made it twenty years ahead of
the times, and had to pay the usual
penalty. During my one term in
Congress, I helped them get the
eight-hour law, and the automatic
car-coupler bill, besides leading the
fight to put the “Pinkerton army”
out of business.
It is the true friend of the labor
ing man that will differ from him
when he goes wrong, and when he
tries to hold a position which, in the
nature of things, is untenable. You
need not doubt that whenever my
conscience and my intelligence con
vince me that the Labor Unions are
right, on any subject whatever, they
can count on my hearty support, as
in the whole of my public career.
(5) As to conditions in the Farm
ers’ Union, I will be equally frank.
It seems to me that Mr. Duckworth
is trying to boss the whole business.
He does not hesitate to brag about
controlling Barrett, Lee and Union
City, generally. He is not a man of
much information, or much ability;
but his conceit is self-evident, and
his ambition knows no limits. The
kind of speeches that he makes do
not leave a favorable impression on
the minds of intelligent people; they
arouse class prejudice. He, and some
of the lecturers who have taken the
cue from him, are trying to sow dis
cord between the tenant and the
landlord, between the countryman
and the town merchant. This is
having a bad effect throughout the
State. Again, while he individually
owns . the Farmers’ Union News,
nearly every lecturer that is put in
the field at the expense of the farm
el’s has been (at least to some ex
tent), a travelling agent for Duck
worth’s paper. That doesn’t look
fair and right. It looks as though
Duckworth were scheming to use the
money of the farmers, and the men
who are sent about to organize and
to address the local Unions, for his
personal benefit. If the Union News
were a competitor of the Jeffer
sonian, I would not say this, for my
motives would be suspected; but you
can see at a glance that the Jeffer
sonian is so entirely different from
the Union News that the two do not
compete at all. Such papers as The
Texas Co-operator, the Memphis
News-Scimitar, the Farm and Ranch,
the Southern Cultivator, the Cotton
Journal, —these are the same kind
of papers as the Farmers’ Union
News and, therefore, they are the
competitors of Duckworth’s paper.
The things which broke the camel’s
back, and caused the Jeffersonian to
train its batteries on Duckworth, Bo
denhamer and Ladson were, (1) the
selection of Bodenhamer, at the se
cret midnight conference in Birm
ingham to go, at the expense of the
farmers, to a Labor Union Conven
tion in Canada; and (2) Duck
worth’s “enthusiastic speech” in the
Galveston Convention in favor of the
Ship Subsidy.
Bodenhamer is not an editor, and
never has been, so far as I know. He
certainly has not been during the last
few years. He is a Union Labor
printer, who has been made the