line, but at the frontier of the Solid South we
meet you with defiance, and say, thus far shalt
thou come and no farther.”
But suppose we elect a Democratic President
who is against us on this race question. What
have we done? Have we not disarmed our
selves? Have we not allowed the enemy to
come within the gates? Have we not surren
dered the citadel?
Let every Southern man consider it well. If
Mr. Bryan is elected President by the methods
adopted by himself and Henry Watterson,
WHITE SUPREMACY WILL BE UNDER
MINED AND NEGRO DOMINATION
WILL FOLLOW AS A LOGICAL CONSE
QUENCE.
H H *,
Bryan and Brolvnsbille.
“Remember the Maine” I Well we did,—ev
ery time we licked one of the stamps that rep
resented our contribution to the Spanish-War
tax. An extremely idiotic conflict it was; and
we’ve never pulled the wreck of the Maine out
of the water lest it should furnish conclusive
evidence that her blowing-up was accidental.
The passions of the American people were fan
ned into flames by the yellow journals and
the yellow politicians who were foaming at the
mouth because of Spain’s alleged destruction
of one of our war vessels. We rushed into a
war with a decadent power that we knew we
could whip; we lost many good men on the
field of battle and a much larger number in
pestilential camps; we gave luscious opportuni
ties to grafters of many kinds; we reaped no
real glory in the conflict; we presented the
holders of Spanish bonds with 820,000,000 of
good American cash; we chained ourselves to
an imperial policy that has cost us thousands
of our best soldiers and hundreds of millions of
dollars, —thanks to Mr. Bryan’s leaving camp
at Tampa and going to Washington to implore
the Democratic Senators to vote with the Re
publicans to ratify the Treaty of Paris.
Recalling how we were besought to “Re
member the Maine,” we cannot but wonder
why Brownsville has been dropped so com
pletely.
The Brownsville episode was immensely
more important than the loss of one of our
ships.
Think of it!
A portion of the U. S. army turn their guns
upon a Southern town, in the middle of the
night, when all honest folks are abed, and open
a deadly fusillade upon the sleeping civilians.
Houses are riddled with bullets, the Chief of
Police shot down in the streets, one citizen
killed at his door, others wounded, all terror
ized.
The Commander-in-Chief of this U. S. Army
makes a careful investigation, and convinces
himself of the guilt of some of these soldiers
stationed in barracks at Brownsville. He does
not know the murderers, but he knows that the
comrades of the rioters know who the guilty
. men are.
He appeals to the honor of the innocent
troops to expose the guilty. They refuse. They
mutinously defy their Commander-in-Chief.
Then, and not till then, he dismisses from
the Army the three companies involved in this
murderous assault upon the town.
Had the troops whom President Roosevelt
discharged been white men, not a word of cen
sure would have been heard. Everybody would
have felt that no punishment could be too se
vere for white American soldiers who turned
their rifles upon the sleeping civilians of an
American city.
But the troops discharged were negroes.
That made all the difference in the world. We
are cursed by a lot of professional negro-cham
pions who are never so happy as when they
can rave and rail about the wrongs of the poor
African.
If a black beast ravishes, ruins, destroys a
helpless white girl or woman, you must not
waste a tear over the awful fate of the victim.
No: You must whine and snivel over the fate
‘Jeffersonian
of the negro brute whose crime maddened
white men into lynching him.
So about this Brownsville incident. The
professional negro-lovers have said nothing
about the victims of the murderous attack,
nothing about the threats that these soldiers
had made—threats which meant the worst of
fates for any white woman who might be so
luckless as to give the black rapist his chance;
threats which did lead to attempts at rape, and
which logically led up to the frenzy of race
hatred which goaded the negro soldiers into
shooting up the white part of the towm.
I he Porakers have focused their attention
not upon the victims of the riotous soldiers, but
upon the soldiers, themselves. Poor things!
They were actually discharged from the army,
when they hadn’t done a thing but shoot down
peaceful civilians in the streets.
None of them were put to death for murder,
as some of them should have been. None were
sent to serve terms in the penitentiary, as the
last one of them should have been. Those of
them who didn’t commit the crime became ac
cessories to it by giving aid and comfort to the
criminals after the commission of the crime:
and because of their guilt and their mutinous
defiance of their Commander-in-Chief, he sim
ply ordered their dismissal from the army.
And the poor things immediately became
martyrs!
The blood of the murdered man at Browns
ville does not cry to heaven for vengeance. No.
It’s the sad fate of the murderers that stirs the
soul of the Forakers. For the killing of an
unarmed and peaceable white man —shot down
like a dog at his own gate! —these poor negro
soldiers have actually been told, officially, that
they were not fit to wear the uniform of U. S.
soldiers.
That’s all that has happened to them. But
the Forakers, and the Afro-American niggers
oft the other side of Mason and Dixon’s line,
have been furiously enraged against Roosevelt
and Taft ever since.
Where does Bryan stand on Brownsville?
A year or so ago, when it was supposed that
the episode would soon blow over, Bryan en
dorsed Roosevelt’s course in discharging the
troops. But he has now changed his attitude
on that question, as upon so many others.
At his big meetings the negro clubs turn out
in full regalia, and they parade banners on
which the murderous soldiers are defended, and
Roosevelt denounced.
Bryan sees these banners, smiles upon the
negro Bryanites, and tacitly agrees with them
in the Brownsville matter.
Is it right for Bryan to be silent when the
negro leaders denounce Roosevelt for doing
what the Democratic Senators voted to en
dorse?
Is Mr. Bryan treating the South right when
he virtually coincides with those who champion
the murderous negro soldiers?
Blaine was beaten because he did not rebuke
Burchard for insulting the Catholic Church in
his presence. The Catholics took the position
that they had the right to resent his failure to
repudiate the man who insulted them in his
presence.
But the Southern Democrats cannot be in
sulted. Their Bourbonism is of the sort that
not even contempt can pierce—although the ad
age says that contempt pierces the shell of the
tortoise.
But terrapin shell is gelatine compared to the
hide of the average Bourbon Democrat of the
South.
The Bryanite Convention at Denver hissed
and hooted the name of General Robert E. Lee
—but the South isn’t insulted.
The Bryanite Convention hooted the Georgia
delegation, and mocked it by playing “March
ing thro Georgia,”—but the South was not in
sulted. Bryan himself looks on smilingly and
approvingly while the negro clubs display the
banners on which Roosevelt is denounced for
doing what the whole South knows and feels
to have been right; and this condemnation of
the President for punishing those who shot up
a Southern town is an insult to the entire South
—but the South doesn’t resent it. Oh, no. Call
any wrong, any humiliation, any affront Demo
cratic, and it’s all right with the South —the
poor old boss ridden, party cursed South!
>
Campaign Lies.
In the beginning of this campaign—before
Bryan’s negro deal and Social Equality record
were known —I offered to do all in my power
to insure the electoral vote of Georgia for Bry
an. The Joe Brown element of the Democratic
party were in favor of accepting my offer. The
Hoke Smith element opposed it.
The proposition was so fair in itself that the
Hokeites had to misrepresent it to escape cen
sure. Hoke’s organ, the Journal, lied about it,
as usual. They charged that the Brownites
had made a deal to deliver the vote of this state
to me, and that my proposition was the out
come of the “deal.”
The statement was an impudent, outrageous
falsehood.
There never was any kind of deal between
me and Joe Brown, and there never was any
plan or purpose of his to deliver to me the elec
toral vote of Georgia.
My proposition, made in the utmost good
faith, was this: „
Let there be one electoral ticket, composed
of a majority of Democrats and a minority of
Populists; let the ticket bear the names of
Bryan and Watson: let the voter scratch
“Watson.” if he wants to vote -for Bryan, or
scratch “Bryan” if he wants to vote for Wat
son. If Brvan gets the maioritv it will be his
to keep. IF WATSON GETS THE MAJOR
ITY, HE WILL GIVE THE ELECTORAL
VOTE OF GEORGIA TO BRYAN IF HE
NEEDS IT TO BEAT TAFT.
Flow could any man have made a fairer of
fer?
Yet the Hoke Smith organ, which denounced
my proposition, uses every malicious and lying
effort to make the people believe that I am in
league with Taft.*
Had Hoke Smith been as patriotically in fa
vor of Bryan as he pretends to be, he would
have subordinated his intense hatred of me to
an unselfish acceptance of my offer to guaran
tee the electoral vote of Georgia for Bryan.
It was Hoke’s bitter animosity to me which
caused him to have mv offer spurned.
THEREBY, HE MADE GEORGIA A
DOUBTFUL STATE.
The Bryanite Social Equality and Whiskey
ticket may lose our dear old state.
For. of course, if I should carry the State —•
my aforesaid offer having been scornfully re
jected —neither Bryan nor Taft shall have the
votes. They’ll be mine to keep.
M H M
What Bryan Is Doing With His Cam
paign Tund.
From the very beginning, Mr. Bryan’s cam
paign has been a loud, persistent plea for
money. He and bis friends have reduced the
science of begging to a fine art. They have
elaborated it into a vast system.
Not satisfied with Standard Oil money which
has fallen into his coffers, not content with the
contributions of the Tobacco Trust and the Li
quor Dealers, Mr. Bryan has put the pressure
on every Democratic editor throughout the
country, and these gentlemen have stood with
their hats in their hands and pleaded with the
pa-=«er-bv to chip in the patriotic dollar.
What goes with the money?
One item in the expense account will, like a
flash of lightning, reveal the whole landscape.
Hanging around the Bryan Headquarters at
the Auditorium Annex in Chicago is a broken
down Kansas politician who bears the name
of Johnson. This fellow Johnson was one of
the Populists who sold out our party to the
fusion movement in 1896. He became a hang
er-on of Mr. Bryan in that campaign and has
been a camp-follower ever since. In this cam
(Continued on Page 12.)
PAGE NINE