1 certainly believe that I am worthy of a correc
tion and an explination.
Very truly yours, J. L. LEE,
State President.
ANSWER.
‘‘lf you are the friend of truth and right”
—why the unnecessary and harassing doubt?
Let’s see, John:
The last time you came to visit me, we had
a long, heart-to-heart talk. You were told
certain things that you had not previously
known. You were warned of certain men,
who were leading the Farmers’ Union astray.
At some length, it was shown you that Lad
son and Bodenhamer were making a cat’s-paw
of the Union. I explained that,, at bottom,
there was no identity of interest between the
Labor Unions and the organizations of coun
try proprietors. You seemed to be deeply im
pressed. You declared that you meant to ad
vise with me, from time to time. As I walked
with you to the street, we spoke of how my
paper and Duckworth’s might work together,
for the good of the people; he dealing with
agricultural problems and conditions, while I
dealt with political economy and government
al questions.
This was the last that I saw of you, before
the Birmingham Convention. There, in se
cret, midnight meeting of certain Farmers’
• Union leaders, the Ladson-Bodenhamer-
Duckworth game was given another trump
card. Bodenhamer (who is ineligible to mem
bership in the Farmers’ Union,) was elected
one of the delegates to the Canadian Labor
Convention.
Were you present at that secret conference,
John? Why was Mr. Grady, of Kentucky,
chosen IN PUBLIC, and Bodenhamer IN
SECRET?
What were you fellows hiding from the
rank and file? What was your reason for
not selecting Boodlehamer, in the same open
manner that Mr. Grady was chosen?
By private letters, and through messages
delivered behind closed doors, you fellows
have been denying that Boodlehunter was
elected a delegate to the Toronto Convention.
Did you not send him, as representative of the
Farmers* Union, to the Convention of the In
ternational Typographical Union, which met
at St. Joseph, Missouri?
HE SAYS YOU DID. How many of the
members of the Farmers’ Union know that?
Why was a secret made of it? What is the
inner meaning of this slipping and sliding
around —doing some things in public and
other things with such secrecy that none hut
the inner conclave know anything about it?
I did not say, positively, that you had writ
ten to the Locals, asking that they take no
action on those charges against Duck, Bood,
and Ladson. My statement was that I had
been so informed.
But, who was it that sent the lecturers over
the State to carry to the Locals, in private
session, those “explanations”, which are so
thoroughly false?
DIDN'T YOU DO IT? WHO ELSE
HAD THE AUTHORITY TO DO IT?
What made you do that? Did Duckworth,
or Ladson, or Boodlehamer suggest or ask it?
Who else had any interest in it? AT THE
EXPENSE OF THE FARMERS' UNION,
YOU HAVE BEEN GIVING CIRCULA
TION TO DUCKWORTH'S LIES.
For shame, John !
You talk about “manhood”—what man
hood is there in such furtive, unfair tactics
as you have adopted? Innocence never be
haves in that way. If you take sides with
guilt, you must expect to reap as you sow.
Will you, John, answer some questions?
Here they are:—
(1) Do you approve of Hon. Samuel Gom
pers’ defiance of the courts? Do you indorse
the Ladson telegram, in which Mr. Gompers
was assured that the National Farmers’ Edu
cational and Co-operative Union was with
him, in that matter?
Ohe. Jeffersonian.
(2) Do you believe that there should be
such a close alliance between the Labor Unions
and the Farmers’ Union as to cause the farm
ers to refuse to buy any goods which do not
have the union label on them?
(3) How do you stand on the Pearre bill—
which seeks to deprive the courts of power to
protect a man’s “business”?
(4) Why is it that some of you chaps don’t
publish in Duck's paper, that Bodenhamer
was not secretly selected at Birmingham as
delegate of Farmers’ Union to that Toronto
Convention ?
(o) Why don’t you publish Ladson’s “ex
planation”, as to his wrecking of the Neal
Bank ?
(6) Why don’t you meet my charges,
openly and publicly, TAKE INNOCENT
MEN?
(7) Do you believe that the farmers of
Georgia are going to rest satisfied with the
false “explanations” which are being made to
them behind closed doors?
(8) Why do you take sides with Duck
worth, Bodenhamer and Ladson—when you
know Duck’s record as you do; when you
know how Bode tried to get Republican
boodle, on the sly; and when you know 7 that
Ladson roped certain bank officials into crime,
and thus wrecked a bank?
I know 7 the Southern farmers better than
you do, John: they are not going to be. con
tent with anything short of a public investi
gation.
You had no business butting into this fight.
I had not attacked you, or the Union. You
ought to have kept your hands off, as Charley
Barrett did.
Baptists, What Think You of This?
Rev. E. J. Forrester, LL.D., has charge of
the Department of the Bible at Mercer Uni
versity, Macon, Ga. No Baptist minister of
the South is more prominent. None has more
friends. None is more universally respected.
He is a Man; also a genuine Christian—one
whose life has been unselfishly devoted to
good works.
Listen!
Dr. Forrester and I have long been fast
personal friends. He was our pastor, at
Thomson, for some years. In my home, he
has often been the welcome, honored guest.
But, differing from me in the matter of
Foreign Missions, he wrote me a strong let
ter, putting “the other side” with the utmost
power. In answer to this letter, I wrote to
my friend, defending my position.
It occurred to me that here was a fine
chance to get The Christian Index to give
both sides a fair hearing. Accordingly, Dr.
Forrester was requested to forward his letter
and my reply to Messrs. Bell and Graham
for publication. The Doctor readily agreed
to do so. and did forward the correspondence.
The Christian Index refused to publish!
What sort of men do you take Messrs. Bell
and Graham to be? Not fair-minded men,
evidently.
They refused Miss Leonora Sheppard the
privilege of explaining that my position had
been misrepresented. They flatly refused to
publish anything from me. And, now, they
treat, with the same supercilious arrogance, a
similar request made by so eminent and pop
ular a minister as Rev, Dr. E. J. Forrester.
BROTHERS AND SISTERS OF THE
BAPTIST CHURCH, WHAT DO YOU
THINK OF THE CONDUCT OF
MESSRS. BELL AND GRAHAM?
Isn't their persistent refusal to let their
readers know the truth about mission meth
ods the very best evidence that those methods
arc indefensible?
TO MY FRIENDS IN THE FARMERS’ UNION!
Boys, won’t you see me a fair fight? Make
those Union City would-be Bosses meet me in the
open. Make them stop this private-letter and
secret-meeting policy. THEY ARE DUPING YOU
WITH LIES.
MAKE THEM FIGHT FAIR!
A Young Man, of the Self-Right
eous Variety, is Very Hard
on Mr. Watson
Hon. Thos. E. Watson,
Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir:—Will you be so kind as to allow
space in your paper for the following:
“Why not accept a plain statement of the
truth?”
Mr. Watson, as a son of a staunch follower
and advocate of your political views, ideas and
doctrines, and brought up to admire your ap
parent sincerity in your convictions of the right,
1 note with much sorrow of heart your comments
on “What We Missionaries Covered Up”. Mr.
Watson, I am persuaded that you are not trying
to publish the truth to your followers as you
know it. You may inquire by what I am per
suaded. It is this: Your refusing to accept the
flat denial by Mr. Wakefield and others of state
ments attributed to them and your accusing them
of perverting the truth by denying these state
ments, and your accepting the statements made
by the newspaper reporters in preference of these.
Why did you not require a sworn affidavit from
these reporters as well as from Mr. Wakefield?
Why did you ignore Mr. Towson’s references he
gave you of men who had investigated the foreign
field and upon conclusion of same invested large
sums in Foreign Missions? You came back at
him by saying, “There’s no use referring to Taft
and Bryan” when these names were not men
tioned at all. Your attributing the statement
above mentioned as coming from Mr. Wakefield,
to also have been made by the minister’s wife.
You very well know, Mr. Watson, that it would
have been as easy for the newspaper reporters to
have gotten the wrong report from the minister’s
wife as from Mr. Wakefield’s lecture.
I am further persuaded that you didn’t have to
have Mr. Wakefield's denial of these slanderous
reports to know whether they were true or not.
Any one who knows the least about missions
knows that the assertion was not true. Another
thing I am persuaded you know, Mr. Watson, is
that the spirit that prompts young men and wom
en to leave home, leave friends, leave loved ones,
leave homes of luxury, leave environments of
civilization, leave all to devote their lives to the
betterment of humanity, is not the spirit that
prompts men and women to cover up something
that would degrade and defame their sister or
brother. Neither the spirit that prompts men and
women to think more of the collection of money
than they do of the lives of their noble sisters, as
you boldly assert in your paper.
Mr. Watson, I have a father and he is not a
Christian. He is a good citizen. He is a good
moral man; a better one I don’t know. He is a
staunch admirer of your views, in fact a leader
in his community. Since your publishing these
false and erroneous reproaches on the Church of
Christ he is farther from Christianity than ever,
notwithstanding my efforts to show him the way
of salvation. Please ponder these last thoughts
in your* heart and give your bright intellect to
something that will draw the moral man nearer
the goal rather than drive him away. The moral
element of this world are as hard to reach as any
I know of, and as a rule are seeking to find fault
of the Church. (I speak of morality without the
saving power of Jesus Christ.) I sincerely hope
you will yield yourself to a better motive than
what seems to be your uppermost ambition in
these newspaper writings.
Yours sincerely, K. M. MILLER.
Tifton, Ga., Nov. 22, 1909.
ANSWER.
Reader, have you ever perused a letter that
more completely gave the writer away? He
speaks of the “saving power of Jesus Christ”.
Don't you think that he needs a lot of it, about
as badly as any man that you ever knew?
Deeply concerned about his father, as well as
me, he wants both of us to listen to him, learn
from him, and thus get into the company of
the Saints. What a lovely opinion of himself
this young man must have, to be sure! A
careful study of his extraordinary missive
leads me to the conclusion, that his father
and I are about as near heaven as he is.
This native Georgian charges me with un
fairness to our Illinois friend, Dr. Paul
Wakefield. Young Mr. Miller contends that
I ought to have accepted Dr. Wakefield’s de
nial, about that lecture in Crawfordsville, In
diana, last June. Mr. Miller chides me for
demanding an “affidavit” from Wakefield.
This is a mistake. What I said was, that
after I had introduced such overwhelming
testimony to prove that young Wakefield had
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE