PAGE EIGHT
Cl)e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second ciass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. u Oct. 7, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
A Talk to the Farmers
On page 2 of this issue will be found an
article by Mr. Watson of specific interest to
farmers, and Farmers’ Union men. As it was
a little long for the usual editorial space, we
decided to give it a page of its own.
El El El
What to Ask Your Congressman
{Number Two)
(1.) Where he was when the Dick bill was
slipped through. On the first of January,
1910, a revolution in your militia system
takes place. The State troops become a part
of the United States Army, and your Gov
ernor loses the control over them, which Gov
ernors have held ever since the days of
George Washington. A Democratic Presi
dent will have power to order Ohio militia to
Pittsburg, or Pennsylvania militia to Cin
cinnati. A Republican President will have
power to order Massachusetts troops to Geor
gia or Louisiana. The state’s control over
her own militia will be gone, after the last
day of next December.
Where was your Congressman when Cen
tralism took this enormous leap? Ask him.
(2.) His term is two years, you know, and
when he is elected in November he does not
take his seat until the winter of the next year.
But his salary begins with the fourth day of
the next March. He rarely has to remain in
Washington more than eight months out of
the two years. He has a Secretary, all the
time, paid SIOO per month by the Govern
ment.
Down to three years ago, the salary was
$5,000 per year. Consequently, your Con
gressman was paid SIO,OOO of your money,
for about eight months of his valuable time.
Besides, he was allowed big mileage,—con
siderably more than his actual travelling ex
penses.
Without saying a word to you about his
intentions, your public servant jumped the
amount of his wages from $5,000 to $7,500
per year. And he did it in such away that
the Congressional Record does not reveal his
name. The vote did not go upon record.
They were afraid, or ashamed, to let you see
who it was that had pleaded with you so hard
for a $5,000 job, and who then, without con
sulting you, changed it into a $7,500 job.
Was your Congressman one of the men who
sneakily added $2,500 to his wages? IFas he
one of the men who put his own valuation
upon his services, and took $15,000 of your
money for about eight months' 1 stay in Wash
ington?
ASK HIM,
(3.) After adding so heavily and priv
ily to his pay, did your Congressman give
diligent, efficient and faithful attendance to
his duties ? Did he remain at the post of duty
when Congress was in session? Did he serve
you all the time, when the laws were being
made ?
A man who gets $15,000 for less than a
Zsl)e Jeffersonian
year’s labor, ought certainly to give you his
undivided time and energy, during Congres
sional sessions. Don’t you think so?
Ask your Congressman if he does it.
(to be continued)
El El El
Heart-Broken, the Hero Died
One day last year, I attended the funeral
of one of our townspeople. The weather
changed while we were at the grave, and a
drizzle set in. Noticing that a young lady
present had no umbrella, and wore a thin
chest-covering, I took oft' my rain-coat and
insisted upon her wearing it home, —which
she did.
Was there any impropriety in this? No
such thought occurred to me, and I never
heard of any criticism.
But when some cadets at West Point of
fered their overcoats to some girls, on the raw
Easter day in 1907, Colonel Scott, the Com
mandant, spoke rudely to the young ladies,
and ordered them to take the coats oh'.
The daughter of Mrs. Colonel Charles
Ayres was one of the girls, and her mother
resented the manner in which her daughter
had been publicly reproved. By implication,
Colonel Scott had offensively accused the
young ladies of misbehavior.
When Mrs. Ayres expressed herself freely
about the matter, Colonel Scott secured an
order from Washington forever debarring
her from the Academy grounds.
Colonel Ayres was in the Philippines at
the time. When he read what he considered
to be the defamatory statements of Colonel
Scott, concerning the conduct of Mrs. Ayres
and her daughter, the husband and father
felt indignant, as any man in his place would
have done. He threatened to bring suit
against Scott. The Washington authorities
sided with Scott; and before Ayres could be
gin the lawsuit, he was kicked out of the
Army.
He was required to appear before the ex
amining board: he was in the full flush of
manly health and strength, so far as anyone
could see; but the board returned a verdict
of “disabled”. So! he was down and out.
Colonel Ayres commanded the supporting
force, in the charge at San Juan Hill. Gen
eral Joe Wheeler, who witnessed his gallan
try in that battle, declared that he ought to
be made a general; and President McKinley
praised him in generous terms. But Mr.
Roosevelt did not make the promotion, and
when the grapple between Scott and Ayres
took place, the hero of the San Juan fight was
thrown out by the West Point martinet.
Some time ago, the papers described the
enthusiastic cheers which greeted the return
of the Tenth Cavalry from the Philippines.
Those were the negroes who supported the
famous Roosevelt charge; and Colonel Ayres,
then a captain, was in command of Company
E, of that regiment. While the returned ne
groes were parading the streets of New York,
and being given the most rousing ovation, the
white man whose courageous intelligence in
refusing to obey a fool order had saved the
day at San Juan (and had thus made the
reputation of the Tenth Cavalry), was griev
ing his life out, in seclusion and neglect, in
another part of the same city.
Had Captain Ayres obeyed his orders, at
San Juan, his troops would have fired into
the backs of the Rough Riders. He acted
upon his own judgment, directed his attack
upon the enemy, instead of upon his fellow
countrymen, and the victory was won.
What Roosevelt got out of it, all the world
knows.
What the negro soldiers got, we know.
What did Ayres get?
For taking "the part of his own wife and
child, against a military martinet who had
publicly insulted both, he was “broken”, —in
his own eyes disgraced—and he brooded over
his wrongs until his heart broke.
At the age of 55, when he should have been
in the very prime of life, he wasted away,
and with no definite disease, died.
El El Bl
“ My Policies ”
A frizzeled chicken, just out of a cyclone,
would present a more fashionable appearance
than Roosevelt’s policies will, by the time the
ever-bearing Smiler gets back to the White
House.
I wonder how Theodore likes it. He may
be a good judge of horses, guns and whiskey,
but he played thunder when he picked Taft
as the heir of “Mv Policies”.
•/
El El E]
Answering Brother Bozeman
Please answer the following questions:
(1.) Have you read “In Darkest England, and the
Way Out”, by General Booth?
(2.) What was the cause of the failure of the Geor
gia Legislature to pass on the Income Tax measure?
(3.) Don’t you think there is an overwhelming ma
jority of the people in favor of it?
Quitman, Ga. J. D. Bozeman.
(1.) Yes, and it is one of the books which
convinced me that we ought to spend our
charity funds at home, —the English in Eng
land, Americans in America.
(2.) None of the Democratic dailies urged
it, a strong lobby opposed it, and the people
had not sufficient time to meet and instruct
members of the Legislature.
(3.) I do, —emphatically.
El El El
A Challenge to Socialists
A man who writes with his own hand the
editorials on four pages of a weekly paper,
and on thirty or forty pages of a monthly
magazine, and who always has a book or two
under way, and who does much reading and
some thinking before writing, has no time nor
inclination to accept Socialist challenges for
debates, —not even when the delicate proposi
tion is made to pay me to do it.
But since the brethren are so fond of send
ing me challenges, I’ll send them one; and
then we will all watch them.
I challenge the Socialists to put in their
next national platform these simple and plain
declarations:
(1.) “We demand the recognition of the private
ownership of land, to the end that each citi
zen may, if he chooses, buy a home, hold it as
his own individual property, sell it if he wants
to, and transmit the same by deed, will or in
heritance to his bodily heirs.
I .
l ■
(2.) “We demand that no change which will im
peril monogamy shall be made in the mar
riage system. We demand that the nuptial
ceremony shall be performed with sufficient
formality to put the evidence thereof on rec
ord, in order that proof of the fact can easily
. be made whenever it becomes necessary to
do so.
(3.) “We demand that the nuptial tie shall be held
to be a binding contract, for the natural life
of the contracting parties, and that neither
shall be permitted to abandon it, and form
another marital union, without the proof of
some such misconduct, or some such physical,
mental or moral defect, as would justify the
parties in believing that they could never live
happily together.
(4.) “We declare our belief in the superiority of
the Caucasian race to the yellow, brown and
black races. We oppose social equality with
negroes. We oppose mixed schools and mixed
marriages. We believe that the interests of
civilization require that that the whites shall
rule the country, even in those States of the
South where the negroes are in a majority.”
Now, Mr. Socialist, you have been hotly de
nouncing me, and claiming that I misrepre
sented you. To the country people, you have
Been preaching one doctrine: to those of the
big cities, another.
You have been saying that your creed is
just about what it "would be," were you to