PAGE SIX
THE AUTHOR OF RURAL DELIVERY
Washington, May 28. —Frequently in writing
to us for information our subscribers ask
questions which, in order to answer correctly
entail a great deal of work. The following
letter from a good friend in the Old Domin
ion is a sample:
“Buchanan Institute, Grundy, Virginia,
April 27, 1908. —Mr. Robert M. McWade,
Washington, D. C. —Dear Sir: Would you
kindly answer in The Woman’s National Daily
the question: ‘Who is really the author of
the rural free delivery system?’ Can you
quote from the Congressional Record showing
who was the first congressman to propose this
extension of the postal service for the benefit
of the ‘common’ people? Yours truly,
“J. L. KIBLER.”
If by the “author of the rural free delivery
system” our friend means who first proposed
it publicly, the credit, according to the Con
gressional Record, belongs to the then Repre
sentative James O’Donnell of Michigan, who
on January 5, 1892, introduced a bill provid
ing for the establishment of genuine rural
free delivery. His bill carried an appropria
tion of $6,000,000 and left all details to the
discretion of the postmaster general—at that
time John Wanamaker. On May 28 of the
same year, while the house of representatives
was in committee of the whole for the consid
eration of the postoffice appropriation bill,
former Gov. Alexander* M. Dockery of Missou
ri presiding, Representative O’Donnell made
an eloquent plea for the passage of his bill,
and suggested that the amount be increased
from $6,000,000 to $13,000,000. From reading
his speech, it is obvious that Representative
O’Donnell, who by some was called “a per
petual candidate for governor of Michigan,”
had given serious study to the subject of ru
ral delivery and that there was nothing small
about his ideas. At the outset he said:
“Mr. Chairman, there comes to the congress
of the United States of America petitions
from thousands of our citizens for a right
due them —the free delivery of mails in rural
communities. There are 4,750,000 farms in
this country, and their owners and tenants
appeal to this house for what they feel is
their due —that they should be placed on the
same footing as the people of the cities and
towns; that the postal department shall ex
tend to them the same facilities accorded the
urban residents of the nation. There is great
unanimity in this demand and it is based on
simple justice. If the government delivers
the letters and mails to the denizens of cities
and towns the same treatment should be ac
corded the farming communities. The post
master general (Mr. John Wanamaker), real
izing the right in this matter, favors the ex
tension of the service to include dwellers on
farms. There is no reason or logic in deliv
ering mail to inhabitants of the cities, who are
easily within reach of the postoffice, and de
nying the same facilities to the people of the
country, who often are many miles from the
office. The farmer knows that he contributes
to the sustaining of the postal establishment;
and he is unable to account for the fact that
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
his class of citizens have not shared in the
great improvements in postal matters. For
less expenditures the people of other countries
have a postal service for the farmers infinite
ly superior to our own. ’ ’
Mr. O’Donnell then quoted a lot of figures
and expressed the firm conviction that rural
delivery in time would become self-sustain
ing. He declared most emphatically that
the spreading abroad of intelligence in farm
ing communities by this means is above mere
money value. He also gave some interesting
historical facts regarding the postal service.
“Ahasuerus, King of Persia,” he said, “is
the first recorded monarch who sent letters
into every province of his vast empire, in
forming his subjects that it was his imperial
will that ‘every man should bear rule in his
ow*n house. ’ This was B. C. 456. The king
did this on account of being piqued at the
queen —a questionable beginning of a great sys
tem. The first recorded riding post wafe es
tablished in the Persian empire by Cyrus (B.
C. 536). Travelers in China in the four
teenth century found the government post sim
ilar to that of Persia under Cyrus, and these
Chinese posts had existed from the earlies;
times. Under the Roman empire posts were
established for the government, but they were
forbidden to carry private letters. Charle
magne planned a postal service for the German
empire in 807, but the service did not survive
him.
“The first postoffice in America was es
tablished in 1672, and New York was the of
fice. In 1710 the postmaster general of Great
Britain designated that office as the chief let
ter office of the country. Franklin, as post
master general of the colonies, introduced
many progressive ideas, but was removed by
orders from England on account of his ad
vanced service.
“The United States is far behind other
countries in affording mail accommodations
to dwellers in farming communities. England,
Germany, France, China, Japan and India
have long had this system. For a century
the people of England have had this privil
ege. Mounted postmen a hundred years ago
delivered mail to the farmers of England and
were assisted by village messengers and the
sons of the yeomen, who met the prompt post
men.”
Apparently the introduction of his bill in
January and this speech on May 28 ended the
activity of Mr. O’Donnell, at least so far as
congressional records go. On June 1, 1892,
Representative “Tom” Watson —the middle
of-the-road man from Georgia-—offered an
amendment to the postoffice appropriation bill
diverting SIOO,OOO from another appropriation
for the purpose of establishing “experimental
rural free delivery routes.” Representative
Leonidas F. Livingston, also of Georgia, who
is still in congress, sought to have a similar
amendment adopted, as did Representative
Clarke of Alabama and Delegate “Mark”
Smith of Arizona, who likewise is still a mem
ber of the house. But points of order were
made each time and, after long and spirited
debates, the chairman, Mr. Dockery, sustained
every one of them.
On February 17, 1893, Mr. Watson re
newed the attack, his several failures in the
preceding session not having discouraged him
utterly. This time, however, he had greatly
reduced the amount desired for “experimen
tal rural routes”; he asked for only SIO,OOO.
After a good deal of debate, during which
an attempt was made to show that the then
existing law covered the point, this amend
men finally carried by a vote of 79 to 41. So
to the famous Georgia Populist credit must
be given for having secured the first appro
priation for rural free delivery. But it
availed nothing for the time being. In the
report of the postoffice committee on the ap
propriation bill for the fiscal year beginning
July 1, 1894, after referring to the item of
SIO,OOO for the establishment of trial routes,
the following statement is made:
“It has been found impossible by reason
of the pressure of more important questions,
for the officers having that matter in charge
to give the subject the study and considera
tion it demands, much less to establish such
rural delivery. * * * To inaugurate such
a system it would require $20,000,000 at the
least.”
So it is very evident that somebody in the
postoffice department was not very enthusias
tic at that time over the proposition to de
liver mail at the homes of the American fann
ers. An item of SIO,OOO was carried for sev
eral years before any active steps were tak
en, as has been pointed out in the able and
extended article of Hon. P. V. DeGraw in
the February 22 issue of The Woman’s Na
tional Daily. It is a bit amusing to note that,
while no “study or consideration” had been
given the subject, somebody in the depart
ment was sure the inauguration of rural de
livery “would cost at least $20,000,000”I As
a matter of fact, the first experimental route,
established October 1, 1896, cost very little
and could have been established years before
just as well as not. From October 1, 1896, to
June 30, 1897, 83 routes were established and
the cost of maintenance was $14,840. The
idea has grown rapidly to its present gigantic
size. From present indications, the prophecy
of Representative O’Donnell that the ser
vice would become self-sustaining will not,
however, be fulfilled for many years. Many
persons believe this prophecy will be fulfilled
ultimately—Mr. O’Donnell fixed no time limit.
—Robert M. McWade, in Woman’s National
Daily.
PARCELS POST ARGUMENT.
If an Express Company Can Declare 20 Per
Cent Dividends Isn’t it About Time
that the Parcels Post be Extended?
(From the Mail Order Journal.)
When the rate law as far as it covers the
express companies went into effect June 30,
compelling these corporations for the first
time to make detailed reports of their affairs
as common carriers to the Interstate Com-