self as in making others dance,” so “Lit
tle Joe,” who meekly admits that he is
no speaker, is a marvelous incentive to
the volubility of others.
Our brilliant, eloquent, and beloved
friend, Seaborn Wright, speaking in
Happylanta exclaimed,
“Watch the line-up.”
That’s what we’re doing, Seaborn —and
we’re getting powerfully mixed and be
wildered. v
Over on Little Joe’s side we see Joe
Terrell and John Little and some others.
Over on Hoke’s side we see Slick Thomp
son, George Gober, Boykin Wright, Joe
Sid Turner and Obe Stevens and some
others. It’s a very interesting line-up,
Seab.
Seeing this campaign as we do, arid re- '
membering all the broken pledges of the
last, we are, as yet, for neither candidate.
If Pope Brown or Seab Wright takes
the field, off goes our coat, and we fight
for him to the finish.
Hand Book of Politics and Economics
In this large volume Mr. Watson gives a
mass of the most valuable statistical informa
tion bearing on every great subject, politi
cal and He also gives the history
' of political parties and a summary of all
political platforms.
He also gives a history of national legisla
tion, especially of that class of legislation
which now oppresses the common people.
The National Banking System is fully ex-*
plained, and its evils demonstrated. The black
chapter of financial legislation which began
with the Civil War and which had its cul
mination in the panic of 1907, is given in full.
In this book you will learn all about our
system of Tariff taxation. You will find in it
the strongest arguments in favor of the gov
ernment ownership of railroads and other pub
lic utilfties. You will find in it a discussion
of Socialism; the encroachments of the Fed
eral Judiciary; the peculiar injustice of the
national government to the farming class; the
dangerous encroachments of the Catholic
clergy, and a clear statement of those reme
dies which should be applied in order that
the political body should be made whole.
Price, delivered, SI.OO.
We will mail this book free of charge to
any one who sends us four subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each, or who sends us five subscribers
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
BLACK MINORCAS
BARRED AND WHITE
PLYMOUTH ROCK
EGGS
$2.00 per Setting of 15.
My Minorcas won this season at live lead
ing Southern shows Fifty Prizes —four times
as many First and Second as all competitors
combined. Stock for sale.
C. H. LEDFERD
81 Whitehall St Atlanta, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Epilepsy,
Fits
Convulsions, or Spasms
and St. Vitus’ Dance are
Nervous Diseases. Most
cases can be cured by
strengthening and build
ing up the nervous system.
• To do this a nerve medi
cine is needed. Dr. Miles’
Nervine will be found
efficacious and satisfac
tory. It has cured many
cases of these diseases
and we believe it will
cure you. We can give
you names of many who
have been cured through
its use. Write for advice.
“My son John had epilepsy for years,
and after having him treated by
specialists for over 2 years he still
continued to have spells. I had al
most given up in despair, but know
ing the virtue of Dr. Miles’ Anti-Pain
Pills for sick headache, I concltlded to
try the Nervine. During June, 1906, I
gave him a teaspoonful three times a
day, then in July I gave it as directed,
and I could see that he was improving,
and he has not bad a spell since
August 28, 1906, and has taken no
medicine since Jan.-07. I am writing
the case just as it is hoping it will
induce others to try it.”
W. R. ALLISON, Mooresville, N. C.
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Nerv
ine, and we authorize him to return
price of first bottle (only) If It fails
to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
FASHION BOOK FREE! xn,
I want to send you my handsome new JQgML
book showing hundreds of latest styles
with Illustrated lessons on cutting and ’’jT*
dfessmaking. I will agree to sell you ty
all the patterns you want p or five
cents each. They are the same pat- j
terns you have always pal 10c & Z" /v I. J
15c for at the stores, made by the / ,) 11. I•*■ I |
same people, and correct m ev- I , L I *«IJ
erydetail. _ 1, .n * ‘ill/
HOW IDO IT. M fit W’l;!
I publish the FARMER’S
a weekly paper for every member i '1 4 ( 1
of the family. The children’s letters ,1 • *
each week are an especially inter- /f ¥\\ .1 j i\
esting feature; and the Woman’s ff /'JA U i IX
Department is unusually strong 1 '\ •
and instructive. Among its spec- I 7 V
lai features for women folks, is / ■ V IV.A
its fashions in which I show the // /#/•I* 4V. 1 O
5c patterns. Let me help you ZWi J •li.’t. 1
to save money. JF/yip It
MY SPECIAL OFFER// H;\ fl IV i* A\\
Send me 25c and I will send 111 //' II J . V iJ V\\
you the Farmer’s Call ev- FijA iII ! It»'
ery week (over 1000 pages) iFfl-i> u, w ♦ ,« • v
for one year and will send 'IB I • L’ ’K» ‘lAft
my big Fashion Book to sis I • W *j■ •j ‘ i ii 1 • A A
you free. I alsoagreeto vJT- /• .7® if|«V *» Wz
well you any pattern you fS!
want thereafter for sc. i.«
I can sell them for Sets
because I buy them by
the thousand and don't
make any profit. I don’t want the profit. I want your sub
scription to the FARMER’S CALL. You will save many
times the cost of my offer In a year. WRITE TO-PAY!
JOHN M. STAHL, Dept W. J. QUINCY, ILL.
“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLLEY’S
HA -Jk 1| SANITARIUM
For treatment of Nervous
PBg Diseases* Opium, Alcoholic
K SaSgg. and other jrug addictions.
For particulars, address
Dr. B. M. Woolley Co.
ATLANTA, GA.
Full Sets Back Numbers
We can supply back numbers of the
Jeffersonian Magazine all the way
back to the first issue.
Price, 15c for single copies.
Price, $1.50 for the full set for 1907.
twelve numbers. . Address:
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
If you want REAL enjoyment send ten cents
for a copy of HUMORIST! Address: Publisher
Humorist, St. Louis, Mo. In ordering your
reading matter, don’t fail to include the Humor
ist!
THE GREAT
Southwest Magazine
Is the only High Class, Illustrated, Literary
Magazine in the Southwest, which is devoted
exclusively to its Romance, History and Devel
opment.
Our “Clearing House Department” gives in
valuable information to the Health Seeker,
Home Seeker and Investor about cities in Ne
braska, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, California, Texas, Arkansas, Okla
homa, Missouri and Kansas, to which our maga
zine is devoted.
Circulation 60,000 monthly. Best Advertising
Medium for those wishing to reach people of
modest means, as well as the rich on ranches,
in small towns and large cities of the South
west. A third of our circulation is now in
Eastern, Middle, Western and Southern States.
Subscription price SI.OO a year. Send 10
cents for copy of latest issue showing valuable
premiums for yearly subscribers.
THE GREAT SOUTHWEST MAGAZINE.
1840 California St., Denver, Colo.
Sketches From Roman History
In this volume Mr. Watson gives biographies
of some of the leading characters of the Ro
man Republic, and also shows the ruinous
workings of class legislation in ancient times.
The sketches are of:
The Gracchi, the heroic land reformers of
Rome;
Spartacus, the gladiator who led the great
slave revolt;
Marius, the Tribune of the people;
Sy I la, the brilliant and despotic leader of the
aristocrats;
Jugurtha, the African King;
Juliues Caesar, the greatest of Roman sol
diers, legislators and reformers;
Octavius Caesar, the nephew who inherited
power from the mighty Julius;
Antony and Cleopatra; the most dramatid
love story of ancient times.
Price, delivered, 50 cents.
We will mail this book as a premium to every
one who sends us two new subscribers to
the Jeffersonian Magazine at our regular price
of $1.50 each.
We will mail the book as a premium to any
one who sends us two new subscribers to the
• Weekly Jeffersonian, at the regular price of
SI.OO each.
Address: THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
PAGE THIRTEEN