PAGE TEN
ZET7EKS FROM THE PEOPLE
STATE RAILROADS AND THE CONVICT
QUESTION.
East Point, Ga., June 22, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E.' Watson, Thomson, Ga.:
Dear Sir: What do you think of the state
extending the W. and A. railroad to the sea ?
Knowing you to be in favor of “government
ownership,” I supposed you would be enthu
siastic about the state going with her road to
the ocean. Would like to have your views
also on the convict question, and how the road
should be built if extended. Will look for
answer in the Weekly Jeffersonian.
Very respectfully,
WM. G. TRAVIS.
Answer.
I am heartily in favor of the state extend
ing the Western and Atlantic railroad to deep
water. One way in which this could be done
would be to take advantage of the fact that
the Central railway has forfeited its charter.
There is no doubt whatever that if legal pro
ceedings were instituted and pressed with en
ergy to a final hearing in the supreme court
of the United States, it would be held that
this corporation had violated the terms upon
which it was given the right to exist. By a
misuser of its franchise, it has violated its
charter over and over again. To say nothing
of its illegal relations with the Southern rail
way system, and to say nothing of those in
stances referred to in the decision of the su
preme court of Georgia, it violated the law of
its life when it colluded with the Standard Oil
Company to destroy competition in the pur
chase of cotton seed and the manufacture of
cotton seed oil. One instance of this was
their refusal, to furnish the Augusta Broker
age Company with cars to move cotton seed,
at the same time that it furnished cars when
ever needed by the Standard Oil Company.
These facts are of record, and amount to such
a misuser of franchise as works a forfeiture
of the charter.
As to the convict question, I have
been on record for almost a decade against the
infamous system of hiring out state convicts
to private citizens, to be exploited for private
gam. It is a disgrace to the whole south that
we have permited this system to stand so
long, when we have had so many evidences of
its inevitable tendency to bring about brutal
izing conditions. In my judgment, the state
should adopt some broad plan of working the
public roads with if- convicts, the purpose be
ing to make and maintain good roadways
throughout the state. Under our present sys
tem,. the citizen who is compelled to leave his
work and serve upon the public road, feels
it to be a hardship, and feels, also, that his
work does not yield that benefit to the state
which, under a better system, would be its
natural consequence. By putting the state
convicts in charge of some competent road
maker, we would, in the course of a few
years, have constructed up-to-date roads and
bridges, with a proper system of drainage;
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
and once constructed properly, a very trifling
amount of repairs each year would maintain
the roads in perfect order.
At every point where a public roadway
crosses a railroad, the dirt road should go
over or under the railroad. Grade crossings,
where the dirt road passes over the railroad
on the same level, are death-traps. It is a
shame that we should continue, from year to
year, to murder people on these grade cross
ings, rather than go to the expense of pre
venting the casualty. It is possible that, with
out any conflict whatever, it might be agreed
upon by the state authorities and the railroad
authorities, that the stae would bear a certain
proportion of the expense of abolishing the
grade crossings and the corporations bear the
remainder. But some plan should be adopted
in the interest of common humanity to do
away with these death-traps which are con
stantly catching their victims—the young and
the old, the black and the white, the rich aiid
the poor, year in and year out.
PRAISES THE JUNE MAGAZINE.
Franklin, Tenn., June 15, 1908.
My Dear Mr. Watson:
T have just read your editorial on “The
Catholic Heirarchy and Politics” and I want
to commend and endorse, in the strongest
terms possible, every word of that editorial.
It is as true as Gospel.
The Catholic Church has ever been the arch
enemy of free government, education and
civilization. It is now the ally of Plutocracy
in this country and the greatest existing men
ace to our free institutions.
Thank God! for a man brave enough and
true enough to expose the schemes and pur
poses of this greatest -of foes to religious and
political liberty and to sound the alarm in
clarion tones.
I do not believe there is another man, of
equal prominence, in public life in America
today who would have dared to do it.
God keep and protect you is my earnest
prayer. Very truly, your friend,
H. J. MULLENS.
CONVICT LEASE SYSTEM: ABUSES.
Kite. Ga.. June 13. 1908.
Dr. W. J. Flanders. Wrightsville, Ga.
Dear Sir: It has been my aim to tell you
what I know about the treatment of tlm con
victs in this state, but I have not had the
opportunity, so I will write you the main
facts.
Os course it is understood that you are to
use. these facts in such away as not to make
the life of the convict who reported these
facts any harder, but rather to do all you can
to put an end to brutal treatment.
I do not know whether or not the law of
Georgia requires her convicts treated humane
ly, given enough food, medical treatment, etc.,
but I do know that a great number of the
stale prisoners do not get these things.
The prisoners in the Georgia Penitentiary
get a square meal on a few special occasions,
visits from prominent citizens, when the
legislature is in session, etc. The rest of the
time the convicts have to make out with the
little mess set before them, together with
what their friends can give them.
In the division of the penitentiary which
1 visited, I found just reason for complaint.
The meal with its brand bugs, etc., is poured
into a vessel with water in it, mixed and then
emptied into a baker and cooked. The biscuit
is cooked exactly the same way. The meat
is ah ox or cow caught out of the woods, put
in a syrup kettle and about half cooked.
When this meat is eaten by white men, it has
the effect of castor oil.
' No wonder the prisoners work all day every
Sunday preparing them something to eat
during the coming week. The prisoner, after
a hard week’s work and with many stripes,
ought to have the opportunity to rest on the
Sabbath. The prisoners have to take what
little money their friends give them, and
buy flour and meat and cook it on Sundays to
keep from perishing. The stoves are in the
yard, but the cooking has to go on rain or
shine.
If there is any law in Georgia limiting the
day’s work for the prisoner, you can not find
it out by visiting the penitentiary. The pris
oners are called up before day, and kept at
work as long as they can see.
A division of the penitentiary 'which 1
visited is leased to a Yankee, and there I
noticed that the negroes had the lightest work,
and nearly all the trusties were negroes. Some
of the 'whites wore the chains, but not a single
negro did. Now the most alarming fact about
all of this is that the prisoners are afraid
to report any of these facts, for fear they will
be beaten half to death, or killed. If the
captain of the guards hears of any complaint,
he beats the naked back of plaintiff until his
clothes stick to him for several weeks. After
the prisoner is half killed 'with the leather
strap, he is given to understand that if he
doesn’t take his beating with good grace the
captain will finish killing him, and swear that
he did it in self defence. Os course the
prisoner has no friends there, and so he has
to submit to any kind of treatment. The least
complaint makes the treatment worse.
So of course when a committee of the
legislature, a big philanthropist, or a prom
inent minister of the Gospel, etc., comes
around and inquires of the prisoners about
their rations, treatment, etc., the prisoners
have no complaint to make.
Very respectfully,
W. G. KELL.
The Weekly Jeffersonian of July 16th will
contain full report of the great meeting at
Atlanta on July 9th and a verbatim report of
Mr. Watson’s speech. Single copies, 5 cents.
Bundles of 10 copies, 25 cents. Send, in your
orders at once to the Jeffersonian, Thomson,
Ga., for extra copies. Special rates to Wat
son Clubs,