PAGE FOURTEEN
do you suppose that this particular I-want
it-again has been feeding out of the public
crib ?
FOR THIRTY-THREE YEARS!!!
Appointed to the fine office of Solicitor-
General in 1877, the Hon. Charles has been
one of the Ins ever since. As Solicitor, mem
ber of the Legislature, Judge of the Superior
Court, and Congressman, Charley has varied
the clover patch—without leaving the clover.
Why, he has been in Congress twelve or
fourteen years! And what has he done?
Has he secured the passage of any good
laws; or the repeal of any bad ones? Has
he made any determined, persistent effort to
do so? ’
Can he point to achievements which make
for the good of the country?
If he <‘an, he doesn't need the support of
Thetus' newspaper clipping.
If he cannot, the old newspaper clipping
won't save him.
A man who has been in harness thirty
three years must be tired—if he has been’a
worker.
If he hasn't been a worker, the people who
pay his salary ought to be tired.
Either way you look at it. Charley should
be kindly, but firmly sent to keep company
with Thetus M. Sims—whose newspaper
clipping is costing the Government a lot of
money.
If Harvie Would Only Tell!
I see by the Macon Telegraph that Harvie
Jordan is taking care of us in the matter of
our cotton crop, again. “That’s good,” as old
Joe remarked to old Lon.
But it would make it more interesting if
Harvie would explain how he and, Richard
Cheatham blew in two hundred thousand
dollars, in four years, publishing a weekly
paper and without having purchased ((nd
paid for a plant.
Most of the stockholders were the verv cot
ton growers whose Great Friend the agile*
and mysterious Harvie has vociferously
claimed to be.
The amount of the revenues from advertis
ing and subscriptions must have been very
large; and yet Ilarvie's trustful friends lost
every dollar that they put into the stock of
Ilarvie's Cotton Journal.
It is well-nigh incredible that he should
now bob up serenely and again go to posing
as the Chief Counsel of the Farmer.
Useful Books to Give Away
In 1883, Davis Nichols, now of Atlanta
(formerly of Allatoona, Georgia,) published
a very practical treatise on the subject of the
“Preservation and Protection of Cultivated
Lands from Surface Washing’’.
Mr. Nichols writes me that, upon applica
tion, he will distribute among our subscribers
a number of copies of his little book.
You will find the work instructive.
EDITORIAL NOTES
By J. D. WA TSON
Another bomb has been thrown into the
Republican camp as the result of an election
to fill the unexpired term of one of the Con
gressmen of Massachusetts.
The Fourteenth Massachusetts District is
one of those that is always Republican,—one
of the sure districts that could always be de
pended upon to send a typical New England
tariff stand-patter, of the Aldrich school, as
its representative in the lower House of Con
gress.
But the special election of a few days ago
broke the precedent, and elected the Demo
cratic candidate by a majority of 5,640. This
<3be 3effersonum
same district in 1908 had elected the Repub
lican candidate by a majority of 14,250.
This goes straight home to the Aldrich-
Lodge crowd of New Englanders, for the
newly elected Democrat is a former Republi
can whom Senator Lodge had kicked out of
the Republican party a few years ago because
he would not indorse the Lodge doctrines.
And he made the race on a platform op
posed to the Aldrich tariff and the high cost
of living.
This shows how great the dissatisfaction
with the tariff really is, and how determined
the people in all parts of the country are to
get rid of it.
If the tariff is so objectionable to Massa
chusetts, the tariff stronghold of even New
England, and right in Senator Lodge’s bali
wick that it has made a change of 20,000 votes
inside of one year, what must it be in other
sections?
❖ *
With the strong feeling growing in the
West, which the insurgent Republicans in
Congress represent, and the result of the spe
cial election in the De Annond district, and
the more recent one in the Fourteenth Massa
chusetts District, any one can see that the
people are anxious for a change for the bet
ter.
But the Democratic party is about the best
mismanaged party that ever existed.
Since the kicking of Cannon off the Rules
Committee, ami the election of the Democrat
in Massachusetts, the Democrats in Congress
seem to think that it is settled that the next
Congress will be Democratic.
The insurgents' light on the Speaker seemed
to arouse them for a few hours, but they have
dozed off again into their usual slumber. Be
cause the Republicans show distress, they take
it for granted that nothing need be done ex
cept count the votes in the next ('lection.
Thev do not take into consideration the
fact that Foss, the newly elected Massachu
setts Democrat, is a strong man who is not
afraid of his convictions, —a man strong
enough to stick to his convictions at a cost of
being ruled out of his party, —and the people
were well acquainted with these facts.
For the past few years the Democratic
party has been nothing but a negative party,
—simply opposing a few of the things that
the Republicans favored. And even in its
negativeness it has not been consistent, for
one year it opposed one thing and the next
year the very opposite.
It has failed, completely, to be positive and
aggressive.
It has more factions than the Republican
party has, and no two will agree as to what
is a Democrat. Its factions differ and are as
wide apart as to what is Democracy as the
North and South poles.
The Democratic party has a good chance
for victory in the coming election, but they
are throwing away the chance.
Ihe people who are dissatisfied with our
present tariff law and are kicking about the
high cost of living are not going to vote any
ticket simply because it has a party name at
the head of it. The party that they support
will have to advocate clear-cut, progressive
issues, and the men who are running under
that party name will have to be men in whom
the people place confidence.
Those people who favor a change in tariff
rates, which is responsible for high prices of
Trust-controlled articles, will not support
Democrats of the Fitzgerald type any quicker
than they will Republicans who are bossed by
Aldrich and Canon.
* * * *
What better opportunity to make issues for
the coming campaign has a party ever had
than the Democratic party now has?
The Republicans show and admit that they
are in retreat.
The people, from Maine to California, are
demanding a change, and yet the Democratic
Congressmen are letting their greatest oppor
tunity slip from them.
Why are they not pouring hot shot into the
Republican camp every day, and turning
their retreat into a complete rout?
Why don’t they begin to hammer the tariff,
the President’s railroad bill, the big navy ap
propriations and the so-called postals savings
bank bill?
If they would do this, the whole country
would soon be afire with enthusiasm, and
before the present session of Congress is over
the Republicans would be hopelessly beaten.
But instead of doing this, they are sitting
still and letting the insurgent Republicans do
what little is done in fighting the administra
tion crowd.
Such Republicans as La Follette, Cum
mins and Clapp are doing exactly what the
Southern Democrats ought to be doing. They
are the men who are shooting a few holes in
the administration bills, and they are the
men .who will begin the fight to change the
tariff.
Have the Democrats no representatives who
are able to make the fight, or is it a case of
don't care?
The Legislative, Executive Judiciary ap
propriation bill, as reported to the Senate,
has this item:
“Attendant in charge of bathing rooms, who
shall be a professional masseur, $1,800; two at
tendants in bathing room, $720 each; janitor for
bathing rooms, $720.”
Meaning, of course, that the Senate should
appropriate that much of the people’s money
to have themselves scrubbed and rubbed
when they take a bath.
It was hard enough on the taxpayer to
have to pay for a magnificent office building
with handsomely furnished private offices for
the Senators. Paying for fitting up luxurious
bath rooms and expensive gymnasiums went
more against the grain, but the providing for
a professional masseur to rub the Senators
down is the limit.
While the item doesn’t reach quite the
$4,000 mark, the principle back of the ap
propriation shows how recklessly some Sena
tors spend the people’s money.
It wouldn't have been a bit more absurd to
have inserted an item providing for the pay
of a chiropodist to trim their corns, or a
manicurist to polish their finger-nails.
Some Senators seem to need the care and
attention that other people called lunatics get,
—free care in an asylum where they can’t
bother other people.
* * * *
The National Government is after the Beef
Trust still, as is the State of New Jersey.
The Chicago Federal Grand Jury has in
dicted the officials of the National Packing
Company, which is the Trust, and the Gov
ernor of New Jersey will soon be asked to
issue requisitions for the extradition of the
Trust officials indicted by the New Jersey
Court.
We have followed so many prosecutions of
Trusts by the National Government, and
learned that it was wasting time and hope to
do so, that we are skeptical.
But we do look for the State Court of New
Jersey to scare these big criminals.
If Garven makes good his threat to have
the Trust’s charter forfeited unless the Trust
officials submit to the jurisdiction of the New
Jersey Court, he will do more than the
United States Government does with its
prosecution.
In the meantime the price of beef is in
creasing.