PAGE EIGHT
<sl)e
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11,1.907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., DECEMBER 24,1908.
No Paper Next Week.
Following the custom of weekly papers, the
Jeffersonian will not issue during Christmas
week.
On Thursday morning of the New Year,
1909, we will greet you again.
A merry Christmas and happy New Year to
you all, and may SOME of you remember to
put in a day’s work for the two Jeffersonians.
* H *
He Is Afraid of Too Much Money.
Hattiesburg, Miss., Dec. 15, 1908.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson.
Dear Sir: Sitting in the office of my nephew
(J. T. Haney) I picked up a copy of The Jeffer
sonian and from reading it I conclude that
more emphasis is laid on the importance of the
proper solution of the money question than any
other one question at issue. I am in full accord
with the People’s Party on all the reform ques
tions, and this one in particular if one difficulty
could be overcome; that to my mind makes
money without intrinsic or commercial value
a failure, or at least impracticable; and that is,
that the great stimulus that inflation of the cur
rency (with non-interest bearing money) would
produce in all branches of business, the natur
ral inclination of the masses would be to con
tinue the process, which if abused would result
in harm instead of good to the country. Now
since this money would be purely a creature of
law, I am unable to conceive of any way by
which abuse could be prevented. Appreciating
your position as leader of the reformers, and
your familiarity with these questions from long
study and discussion, I take the liberty of ask
ing your views on this one point: of possible
injury instead of benefit. You will of course
appreciate the effect excessive issuing would
have on Cr. and Dr. and contracts made before
inflation occurred. I will thank you for your
reply to me personally, or through the columns
of the Jeffersonian, as you may prefer. Very
truly yours, A. U. MONTGOMERY.
(Answer.)
Would to heaven that some influence could
make the people as much afraid of paper bonds
as they are of paper money!
Every city is loaded with bonds, every town
with bonds, every state with bonds, every rail
road with bonds, almost every other corpora
tion with bonds; and nobody ever seems to
realize that every one of these bonds is a blood
sucker whose horse-leech appetite must be sat
isfied by the people.
The general Government, itself, is loaded
with bonds, and the financiers are even now
clamoring for $500,000,000 more! Then there
are the Panama bonds and the Philippine
bonds.
Year after year the expenses of governing the
country reach dizzier heights of extravagance.
Town taxes, county taxes, state taxes, federal
Tariff taxes show a constant and crushing in
crease. “The cry is still, they come,”—-more
offices, higher salaries, additional battleships,
ship subsidies, deep waterways, national post-
3effersonlan
roads, more money for the Panama canal,
more money in every direction.
And yet the one thing we dare not let the
Government do is TO CREATE MORE
MONEY TO SUPPLY THE DEMAND
FOR MORE!
We deliberately sanction the policies—“My
Policies,” forsooth—which enormously increase
the demand for more money, knowing that the
single gold standard operates as a contraction
of the currency, AND REFUSING TO
ADOPT A RATIONAL POLICY OF EX
PANDING THE CURRENCY TO MEET
THE EXPANSION OF THE DEMAND.
Os course, it is well known that our Govern
ment has in its vaults $150,000,000 of idle, use
less gold, but it is not so generally known that
in Europe about three and one half billions
of gold are stored away. Here is contraction
.on a stupendous scale.
Is it any wonder that there are seven mill
ions of unemployed work-people in free-tra<Jp
England, and at least that number in high
tariff America? Throughout the civilized world
is felt the same remorseless clutch of the gold
stndard financier.
The bondholding class is robbing the mill
ions of the creditor class in the most scientific,
cold-blooded and ruthless way. They have
cornered the supply of the money of final pay
ment and the whole business world has to come
to their terms. As the available cash supply
shrinks, the debtor class find their obligations
harder to meet. They pay with a money that is
dearer than was the money which they bor
rowed.
Our friend, Montgomery, says there would
be an inclination of the masses to continue the
process of issuing paper money. Grant this,
—but would not the Senate the President act
as a check on the masses? The masses don’t
seem to be able to make a puppet out of the
U. S. Senate. As now constituted, the Senate
will never be the slave or the representative
of the masses. It is, and always will be, the
servant of the classes.
But suppose the volume of government pa
per money should be increased from time to
time, what of it ? It will have to develop amaz
ing speed if it outruns bond issues and public
expenses.
Debts contracted previous to the expansion
would, unquestionably, be paid in a money
cheaper than that which was loaned, but who
would that hurt? If it hurt anybody, it would
be the capitalist who is able to stand it, where
as the victims of contraction are those who
are not able to stand it.
“The greatest good to the greatest number,”
is a sound principle of government. Expansion
of the currency would be such an inestimable
blessing to the unprivileged millions of com
mon people; would so immenselv benefit the
nation at large by increasing business, expand
ing commerce, stimulating production, encour
aging enterprise, inspiring development in all
the varied fields of industry, that THE LES
SENED PROFITS of the creditor class, un
der expansion, would be a mere trifle in com
parison with a nation’s growth in wealth, and
a people’s return to that true prosperity which
makes human happiness possible.
History proves that expansion of the cur
rency never did drive a single capitalist into
bankruptcy; never closed down a single mill;
never threw man, woman or child out of work;
never caused any desperate, starving human
wretch to blow his brains out; never caused
any boy or girl to sink into a life of shame;
never caused a single famished mother to sell
her child to some one able to feed it.
Expansion never, NEVER filled the back
streets with two footed wolves, who are only
held back by fear of policemen’s riot guns from
sacking the palaces of the rich and slaughter
ing the heartless nabobs who are the cause of
such frightful conditions.
It is the lessening of the supply of real
money which has brought the civilized world
to this dreadful pass. The gold standard bank
er rules and oppresses. Czars, Kaisers, Kings,
princes, potentates and peoples are at his
mercy.
He controls the available cash supply, and
his powerful influence prevents Governments
from creating additional money.
M M
Holv One Man Explained Ury an ’s
Defeat.
In its issue of November 13, The Commoner
invited contributions to a symposium, having
for its purpose an inquiry into the causes of
the results of the 1908 election. The Com
moner asked the co-operation of its readers in
every section of the country, submitting these
questions:
Did the Democratic party make losses in
your county and precinct?
If so, to what influence were such losses due?
What course shall reformers adopt for the
future ?
Can the Democratic party hope ever to gain
control of the federal government?
James Conzett, Deadwood, S. D.—To your
first question: Yes. To your second question:
Largely the inconsistent attitude manifested by
Democratic leaders on banking and money.
To your third question: Act consistently and
remember that a right principle never changes.
“Can the Democratic pa‘rty hope ever to gain
control of the federal government?” No.
There are too many traitors in the Democratic
party, and the honest leaders are too timid.
They use too much confetti in fighting the
enemy. They should come out more boldly,
be more aggressive in exposing Republican cor
ruption in high places. For instance: Panama
canal deal, Philippines railroad deal, New Mex
ico land deals, asset currency law evils, show
ing inconsistency of the honest money cry,
evils of our national banking system, show up
the immense increase in paper money in the
last twelve vears, none of which is a legal ten
der, and the interest we pay on its circulation.
How the manipulators can control its volume,
show how it would be better to open up mines
giving employment to labor, digging gold and
silver to make money out of than to allow the
manipulators to start printing presses to make
money out of paper. Go after them with hot
shot. Put them on the defensive in every case.
Don’t be timid, always be the aggressor. Never
allow them to put you on the defensive. This
will stimulate your followers and bring new
recruits and last, but not least, show how ut
terly impossible it will be for the government
to control corporations and trusts so long as
the manipulators have power to control the
volume of our circulating money.
n m *
'Random Shots.
President-elect Taft is coming to Augusta,
Georgia, to spend the winter. GLORY HAL
LYLOOYER! (Simplified spelling.)
The Democratic daily papers of our dear old
state are taking on just as if they helped to elect
the Republican candidate. Just between us
girls, that’s what these Democratic dailies did.
They printed all of Mr. Taft’s speeches free of
charge. All the Roosevelt attacks on Bryan
were published, and no bills presented. And
by the time Taft and Teddy got through say
ing things against Bryan, in these Democratic
dailies, his case was in a very wobbly condi
tion, even in dear old Georgia.
I was mighty sorry that we Pops could not
get as good treatment as Taft did from these
rock-ribbed Democratic dailies. My check
stubs mighty nigh make me cry every time I
look at ’em.
Our old comrade, Jo Parker of Louisville,
Ky., writes me that, during the recent cam
paign, Mr. Isaac Reese, a Memphis National
banker, published a letter appealing to the na
tional bankers to help elect Bryan, upon the