JUDGE LAWSON ON THE GEO. 'BELL CASE
Eatonton, Ga., Feb. 8, 1909.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson.
My Deai- Sir: A copy of The Jef
fersonian of the 4th inst., containing,
a. letter relating to the trial of Mr.
Geo. H. Bell, on an issue of lunacy,
your comments thereon and a letter
from yourself to me, has been handed
me by a friend. The “Marked Copy,”
which you intended should be sent me,
has not been received.
After reading these I visited Mil
ledgeville in order to ascertain wheth
er McN.’s statements could be veri
fied. I was cognizant of many things
that occurred at the trial, but I left
the court before the trial was con
cluded.
There are many errors of a serious
nature in McNeil’s letter which I will
proceed to point out.
1 was present at the trial by virtue
of my office as president of the board
of trustees of "The State Sanitarium,
and because I felt a lively interest in
Bell’s case, having been present just
a week before when he was examined
and pronounced insane by a specialist
in the treatment of mental and nerv
ous diseases from Atlanta; on which
occasion he aroused my profound sym
pathy. Save making a few sugges
tions I took no active part in the trial,
though toward the end of it I was
unexpectedly called as a witness to
testify about, the examination re
ferred to above. All the jurors, ex
cept one, were in their seats when I
entered the court room, and I took it
for granted, without inquiry, that they
were such upright and intelligent cit
izens as the law requires.
I have more recently made inquiry
of the ordinary as to lhe selection of
the jury, and he authorizes me to say
that the allegation of unfairness as
to their selection “is a lie out of the
whole cloth; that he ordered the sher
iff to summons a jury of the best citi
zens of the county, and that he did
so; and that he never saw a jury of
higher character empaneled in the
county.”
The jury did not stand seven to five,
but seven to four, one of the twelve
having been excused during the prog
ress of the trial by McN.’s consent.
Why does he say that they stood sev
en to five?
1. McN. complains-that a juror—a
city policeman—voted to remand Bell
to the Sanitarium. What of it? I
suppose that a city policeman is not
debarred from jury duty. This ju
ror, however, voted to release Bell.
2. He complains that one of the
jury who voted to remand Bell was
“an undertaker who furnishes coffins
for pauper patients of the Sanitari
um.” L do not think that such an
occupation disqualifies a man for jury
service, but as a matter of fact all
coffins for pauper patients are made in
the workshops of the Sanitarium.
But, strange to say, the said under
taker voted for Bell’s discharge.
3. He complains that one of the ju
rors who voted to remand Bell to the
institution was “one who supplied
brick, cement, etc., to the institution.”
Strange notion that one whom we oc
casionally deal with in business trans
actions is unfit to serve as a juror in
a case in which the dealer may be
supposed to have an interest. But,
be that as it may, this juror also voted
for Bell’s discharge. It appears.
therefore, that three of the four ju
rors who voted for Bell’s discharge
were men who in McN.’s opinion were
too depraved by self-interest to ren
der an honest" verdict. Funny, isn’t
it? But I have no doubt myself that
they voted according to their consci
entious convictions.
4. He says that one of the jurors
was a druggist who “fills prescriptions
and supplies drugs to the Sanitari
um.” Untrue again. The Sanitarium
buys drugs by wholesale and employs
by the year one of the best apotheca
ries and pharmacists in the state to
compound them and fill prescriptions.
5. He says that two of the jurors
were “near relatives of one of the at
torneys” who represented the asylum,
and that one was a “son-in-law of the
late Dr. Powell.” It is true that one
of the attorneys and two of the jurors
married sisters, and that one of the
jurors, whose wife was resting in the
Milledgeville cemetery many years be
fore Bell came to the Sanitarium, was
a son-in-law of the late Dr. Powell.
Do these facts disqualify them? The
laws of Georgia are the best authority
on this question. They place no ban
on jurors in such circumstances. The
truth is that no one had any interest
in this trial but Bell —he had a most
vital interest, because it was a suit
for his liberty. The only possible in
terest that any one else could have is
that general interest that arises from
their duty to see that the mandates of
the law are observed. I have person
ally known the three jurors last men
tioned for many years, and can testify
that in their community they rank as
high in respect of honesty, veracity'
and general integrity as you and I and
McN. rank in our respective commu
nities, and that they would revolt as
sternly against rendering a perjured
verdict as would either one of us. But
why this onslaught on jurors? Is it
made on the hypothesis that there is
no faith, no honesty, no truth, no
integrity among men and that all are
dominated by selfishness and sordid
ness? With all my soul I do abhor
and despise such a sentiment.
Neither is it true that the officials
at the Sanitarium refuse to dis
charge Bell because he “knows too
much about their management to be
allowed to go at large.” This is a
mean and contemptible innuendo. Bell
knows no more about the management
of the institution than thousands al
ready know, and than all men may
know if they want to. The doors of
the institution are open six days in
the week, the year round, to all visi
tors from this land and all other lands,
and within proper restrictions looking
to welfarg of patients are free to make
such inspection as they please. Neith
er is it true that he is detained be
cause he has written letters about the
institution. True, he has written let
ters that are grossly abusive and
grossly false, but he is considered ir
responsible. He said on the witness
stand that he had written one hun
dred and thirty or forty of these let
ters. So far as I know only two of
them have been published; I suppose
that all other editors written to had
the penetration to discover that they
were the fulmination of a grievously
distempered mind. Nor is it true that
the officials of the Sanitarium fur
pished all the evidence. They fur-
‘djc 3effersonUn
nished what they could, certainly, as
it was their duty to do. It is usual.
I think for parties to a suit to fur
nish all the evidence in their behalf
that is admissible in the courts. The
case required technical and expert tes
timony and it was got where it could
be found. There was no expert and
technical testimony in behalf of Bell,
except from one witness, and for that
reason his proof, though coming from
respectable sources, was of very little
value.
Bell was sent to the Sanitarium at
the instance of his father, his commit
tal papers are formal and regular, and
just such as the law requires the Sani
tarium to receive. He has now living
a father, a wife, brothers and sisters
and other kinsmen. Some of them
have visited him from time to time at
the Sanitarium and have always seen
and conversed with him when he would
allow them to do so. They are cogni
zant of his condition. And yet not
one of them has ever instituted pro
ceedings looking to his discharge, nor,
so far as I know, even requested his
discharge. These facts are to me
very, very significant of their opinion
of his mental condition.
The proceedings when he was re
cently tried were at the instance of a
woman, who is not his wife. A woman
hailing from somewhere north of Ma
son’s and Dixon’s line, and an asso
ciate of Bell’s in some theatrical com
pany years ago, was one of his wit
nesses, and, under oath, stated that
she had caused this action to be
brought, that she was now backing it,
that she had employed the lawyer in
the case and had enlisted the support
of others, and impliedly admitted that
she had given the best years of her
life to Bell, and that she was the mo
ther of his child. I mention these
facts not to condemn the woman, or
anything she did, or has done, but be
cause they are facts and throw light
on the case, and explain how it comes
into court despite the non-action of
Bell’s relatives.
Bell had a most fair and impartial
trial. Before the case was begun the
attorneys for the Sanitarium were in
structed to put no impediments in the
way of a most thorough investigation,
to object to nothing, to admit all evi
dence offered by Bell’s attorney
whether competent or incompetent.
And it was so done. Much evidence
offered bv the Sanitarium that we
thought valuable was ruled out. In
his opening address to the jury our
attorney stated to them most emphat
ically that while the suit was against
Dr. Jones, the superintendent, that
neither he nor any other officer of the
Sanitarium had any personal interest
in it whatever; that the issue was
solely the sanity or insanity of Bell,
and that if the evidence should show
that he was sane enough to be liber
ated the officers of the Sanitarium
would be as much delighted as any
body.
Bell is a man of keen and vigorous
intellect, his memory is good, he is a
fluent talker and makes a very favor
able impression on people so long as
he does not talk on subjects of his de
lusion. He intensely believes that his
father attempted to murder him by
slow poison, and that it is his contin
uing purpose to murder him. He ih->
tensely thinks that his wife is undu-
tiful to him. Lam informed that both
■X
his wife and his father are most ex
cellent people and have always treated
him in the most affectionate manner.
I have the best possible proof that his
wife lives in a state of anxiety and
fear lest when liberated he may do
her serious injury. He intensely be
lieves that some of the people in
Swainsboro, his home town, and all
federal and state authorities, all edi
tors of newspapers, and the officials
at the Sanitarium are united in a
criminal conspiracy to keep him in the
Sanitarium. He believes also that he
can have conversation with people at
great distances, that he can hear their
voices and understand the words they
speak. His case is pronounced delu
sional insanity by specialists in the
treatment of mental and nervous dis
eases, and they think that it would be
dangerous for him to go at large. If
in view of these facts he can be law
fully liberated the officials at the San
itarium would joyfully welcome the
event.
Now Mr. Watson, this is a great in
stitution, a noble charity; there are
within its walls more than three thou
sand people, all sick, and dependent,
and many helpless; all are either par
tially or totally bereft of their reason.
Its superintendent and his staff of
physicians are, without exception, high
minded and honorable Christian gen
tlemen; they are men of high attain
ments in their profession, their char
acters are as precious to them as yours
and mine are to us. They have a great
burden to bear of sympathy and serv
ice to these the most unfortunate and
helpless of all people, their responsi
bility can not be measured or under
stood save by those in like situations,
and worst of all they have frequently
•to endure in silence the unfounded and
cruel criticisms of people who take no
pains to acquaint themselves with
either their conduct, their duties or
their achievements.
Added to these considerations there
are ten trustees of the institution, sup
posed to be men of character and ca
pacity, who devote their time, their
talents and their experience, unsel
fishly, and with meager compensation,
to its government. They fling aside
their own business, and separate them
selves from the felicities of their own
homes, unmindful of personal sacri
fices, in order that the unfortunate
insane may find here a tranquil haven
where they may possibly have restored
to them God's greatest blessing, the
use and integrity of their reason. How
ought these men to be treated? Ought
they to be made the subjects of igno
rant, groundless and unsparing criti
cism, or ought they be cheered, up
held and sustained in all their rational
efforts to ameliorate the condition of
the unfortunate?
Very truly yours,
Thos. G. Lawson.
RECIPE.
“How do you make a campaign
speech ? ’’
“That’s easy,” answered the spell
binder. “You talk a little on general
eopics; then mention the candidate’s
name; then wait for the applause and
then begin over and go through the
same procedure until your time is
used up.”—Washington Star.
PAGE FIVE