PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian,
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. Nov. 11, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
* .
“These Things Are Local
Affairs ”
One of the best Farmers’ Union men in
Georgia sent the Union News some very brief
resolutions, on the death of a locally promi
nent and most excellent citizen, who was de
voted to the Farmers’ Union. The Farmers’
Union paper, which just such men as those
who requested the publication of the resolu
tions are loyally supporting, replied that the
Union News was “a national paper, and these
things" [the deaths of prominent Farmers’
Union men] “are just local affairs”.
The editor and manager of the Farmers’
Union organ are gentlemen o ftender feeling,
aren't they? They make loving “brothers” in
the Union, don't they?
As fine a man as Georgia can boast, as true
a Union man as could be found, dies in his
prime, after a long and painful illness. His
friends seek to soothe the sorrowing family
by adopting a few lines of loving tribute to
his memory. Naturally, they wish to see this
little testimonial in their official organ, their
cherished Union News. They make the re
quest,, only to be told, that the Union News is
a national paper , which can not condescend to
take any notice of “these things”, because they
are nothing but “local affairs”.
To this unfeeling reference to a good man’s
untimely death, “Brothers” Duckworth and
Bodenhamer add the supercilious suggestion,
that the resolutions be sent to “your county
paper”.
Well, —the men whom Duck and Bode
snubbed did not bother the county paper.
They sent the resolutions to me, and you
found them in last week’s issue. The Jef
fersonian is very much more of a national
paper than any other published in the South;
but I hope that the time will never come,
when I can be as cold and callous to the hu
man tragedy, as Duckworth and Bodenhamer
have shown themselves to be, in this instance.
In the very number of the Union News
which would have carried that brief tribute
to a departed brother, had the request to pub-,
lish been granted, THREE PAGES WERE
GIVEN TO /LV UTTERLY MISLEADING
“ARGUMENT” IN FAVOR OF THE
SHIP-SUBSIDY—A MEASURE THAT
H AN ALLUDED TO BY DUCK, IN HIS
SEPTEMBER 29 ISSUE, AN A “STEAL”.
Not only did Duckw orth class the scheme as
a “steal’’, but he quoted Congressmen Champ
Clark, Sullivan and Hardy to the same effect.
Didn’t have room, though, for a very short
testimonial to the worth of a dead “Brother”,
—the publication of which would have carried
some measure of balm to wounded hearts.
“These things are just local affairs.”
“These things!" What things? The fall
of the strong man in his prime; the sudden
bolt from out the sky; the sudden arrival of
the dread cavalier on the pale horse; the
scream of the broken-hearted wife, and the
desolate cry of the fatherless child.
My God ! I did not suppose that there was
©be Jeffersonian
any editor, —North, South, East, West—ca
pable of such icy brutality as that which
chills one in the letter in which the Union
News declined to print those Pilcher resolu
tions.
SI ® ® ■
Bleeding at Every Pore
In England, our newly rich snobs are
spending the income of one billion dollars in
courting the social recognition of King Ed
ward and his favorite, the “Honorable” Mrs.
George Keppel.
In Continental Europe, immense sums are
annually squandered by wealthy, pleasure
loving, vulgarly-extravagant American tour
ists.
Throughout the foreign world, there exists,
among title-wearing debauchees and dead
beats, a steadily growing demand for Ameri
can heiresses, whose fortunes equal their van
ity and crazy desire to be called “Madame
La Comptesse”, or “Your Grace”, the
Duchess.
Flowing abroad, in rivers of gold, are other
hiige annual sums of American money, paying
tribute to the foreign investor.
Then again, the total amount of savings
carried out of this country by the immigrant,
—the Italian, the Chinaman, the Jap and the
Hindu, —must be enormous.
What are the headwaters of all that wealth?
The field, the mine and the forest; the cat
tle ranch, and poultry yard; the vineyard,
truck-farm, and fruit orchard; the melon
patch, the nursery, the flower garden and the
berry bush—these are the sources of the as
tonishing accumulations of dollars which ex
cite the wonder and the cupidity of the whole
world. But do the actual workers in these
marvelously productive fields of industry en
joy the riches which grow’ under the Aladdin
like touch of their hands? Is our present
system of distribution based upon the prin
ciple that he who produces wealth should en
joy his equitable proportion thereof?
Not at all. The law creates a monopoly for
the Sugar Trust; and the holders of its stock
get ten per cent, yearly dividends on $50,000,-
000, when its honest investment was but
$6,500,000.
The law creates a monopoly for the Steel
Trust; and holders of its stocks and bonds
draw revenues from $1,500,000,000 of capital
ization, when the investment was less than
$750,000,000.
And so it goes, all along the line. These
law-made monopolies bleed the unprotected
masses to such a merciless extent that, after
allowing for eight per cent, interest on the
money invested, THEY ANNUALLY DI
VIDE AMONG THEMSELVES FROM
ONE BILLION TO TWO BILLION DOL
LARS.
We are bleeding at every pore—we of the
unprotected masses. We are held up, in every
direction; and after they have accumulated
these colossal, monopoly-made fortunes, they
lavish a big portion of them on European
voluptuaries and courtesans—to say nothing
of what they lose on European race-tracks
and card-tables.
Under this terrible system of tariff-made
monopolies, THE TRUSTS ARE BLEED
ING US, TO THE TUNE OF FIVE MIL
LION DOLLARS A DAY, over and' above
eight per cent, dividends upon the money they
actually in vest!
81 18
Hello, Farmer! Are You Going to
Let the Hannacrats Get You ?
Tn the foregoing editorial, I have again
alluded to the frightful burden of law-made
monopoly. Tn the speech made by me to the
National Farmers’ Union Convention in At
lanta, three years ago, I proved by the official
figures given in the United States “Statistical
Abstract”, that the robbery of the unprotect
ed masses, by the protected manufacturers,
AMOUNTS TO FIVE MILLION DOL
LARS A DAY!
This fearful spoliation hits the agricultural
classes hardest of all.
If the Farmers’ Union is to be led into poli
tics at all, there, THERE, is where they
should take hold.
But, no. The law-made monopolists did not
institute and finance “The American Marine
League” for that purpose. No, sirree. The
Trusts don’t want to have their outrageous
privileges interfered with. No, sirree, Bob!
Therefore, when this Republican-Hearst
League took certain Farmers’ Union leaders
into its lap, not a word was said about those
law-made monopolies. The voracious Trusts,
which sell goods to foreign countries at one
third less than they make us pay, loaded these
Farmers’ Union cat’s-paws with the fact that
we pay foreign ships half-a-million dollars
a day, for carrying our seagoing freight.
TTZZA7 7 OF IT? They earn the money, don’t
they ? They have to compete for the business,
don’t they? They are actually doincj the
heavy work for a third less than we would
have to pay, if there were a law-made monop
oly on sea, as on shore.
Don’t you want your cotton and wheat and
oats carried across the ocean as cheaply as
possible? Do you care a continental who gets
the money,— provided the freight rates are the
lowest that can be had?
How the mischief is it going to benefit
YOU, to have the J. J. Hill steamers, or the
Harriman-Hearst steamers, take the business
away from those who now have it?
Are you so eager to be at the mercy of the
Trusts and the railroads, on sea as on shore,
that you are willing to have millions of your
money taken out of the postal receipts, and
given to these greedy capitalists, in order that
they may drive their competitors off the
ocean ? Don’t you know, to your sorrow, that
monopoly would send ocean freights up, just
as monopoly is even now advancing the ex
pense of living, throughout our privilege
cursed land ?
How, in the name of common sense, is it
going to help you, to enable the transcon
tinental railroads earn the money that for
eigners now earn ?
YOU PAY THE FREIGHT. In the long
run, it conies out of your pockets. And don’t
you know what would happen, just as soon as
Government aid made it possible for the
American vessels to drive competition off the
seas?
Freights would go up, AND WHI&RE
YOU NOW PAY FIVE HUNDRED
THOUSAND DOLLARS PER DAY, YOU
WOULD BE MADE TO PAY ONE MIL
LION DOLLARS PER DAY.
In the year that I was born, 1856, the seas
were dotted with the flags of the American
Merchant Marine. Civil War and high
tariffs diminished the number of American
merchant vessels. Our absurd navigation
laws, —which deny the right of registry to
ships not built in this country, —prevents
Americans from purchasing vessels abroad
and sailing them under our flag.
(Many of the ships that are earning the five
thousand dollars per day, however, belong to
Americans.)
We tried the ship-subsidy, from 1867 to
1877, and spent millions of dollars on the ex
periment.
YOU DIDN'T KNOW THAT, DID YOU,
MR. HANNACRAT?
The Republican “Marine. League” did not
load you up with that fact, did it? You
Hannacrats all began to yelp, at the same
time, and you all used the same data,
and all of you got your ammunition from
the same source. YOU BEGAN, SIMUL
TANEOUSLY TO DO THE DIRTY
WORK OF THE CHAMPIONS OF LAW
MADE MONOPOLY, AND YOU ARE
ALL AT WORK, PUBLISHING LIES