to $3,000, or $3,500 in this country, Rev. Dr.
Smith, of Richmond, Va., came out in the
1 ndex with a demal.
But see what Mrs. Harris says about the
cost of that big dinner. She paid 30 cents for
a repast that w T ould have devoured at least
two dollars of her money in any American
restaurant or hotel.
® ® ®
General Phillips and Mr.
Hoke Smith
A fine old man was General William Phil
lips. His Legion formed the rear-guard, just
before Richmond went up in flames. Once
wealthy, he became poor. A truer Populist
never lived. A stancher friend, no one could
be.
After Hardwick and Smith got Pope
Brown out of the gubernatorial' race of 1906,
there followed several weeks of sulking-in
the-tent, on my part.
Finally, Hardwick’s pleadings; Hoke’s pri
vate and public disclaimers and protestations;
the Journal's private and public denials and
conciliations; and, more than all else, the de
sire to smash corporation control, and secure
the Disfranchisement and other reform legis
lation, overcame my profound reluctance to
acquiesce in the swapping of Pope Brown for
Hoke Smith.
Many of my best friends, —the heroes of
the Nineties, —fell out with me about it, and
some of them have never forgiven me.
Among those who wrote, to express their
surprise and regret, was General Phillips.
In his letter, he stated that he had been finan
cially ruined by Hoke Smith.
I thought it was some ordinary law-case;
that Mr. Smith had been opposing counsel;
and that the General held a grudge against
the lawyer who had downed him. The letter
was lengthy, closely written with a bad pen,
very hard to read, and I did not go through
the details at all.
Besides, I had taken my stand, and was not
hunting for excuses to back out. I wrote to
the General urging him to support Smith,
because of the principles at stake, and he
did so.
Recently, some one dug up the old Marble
Lobby investigation which had long been for
gotten. A lady friend gave me the main
facts, two days after the Macon Telegraph
handled the story.
It appears that Mr. Hoke Smith was attor
ney for a railroad; that General Phillips had
interests involved, and a case against the cor-
A SERMON ON FOREIGN MISSIONS
I have not given to foreign mis
sions for about twenty years. About
that far back, there came through
this part of Kentucky an old monk
from some point in the far east. He
came into our little town, Marion,
Ky., late in the afternoon with his
tent strapped over his shoulders with
a large greyhound following him. He
went direct to the court house, got
permission to strike camp in the
court house yard. In a few minutes
he had his tent up and everything
ready. The town boys by this time
had surrounded him and were poking
fun at him. He soon got in with
quite a lot of the boys to take a lot
of bills to every house in town, say
ing that he would preach at the court
house that night, and his text would
be Foreign Missions. So at 7 o’clock
the court house was full of people,
most all the church-going people
were out to hear what the old monk
was after.
There was a big meeting going on
in town, so the meeting was closed
and the preachers all attended the
old monk’s meeting that night—l
poration which its lawyer was afraid of. So
Mr. Hoke Smith offers Col. Newt Trammell,
one of the foxiest of men, a thousand dollars
to persuade General Phillips to settle with
the railroad. Trammell turns the trick; the
General is overreached in the settlement; and
is reduced to poverty in his old age.
Then Trammell goes to Smith for his
SI,OOO, and Smith doesn’t pay him the money.
Instead, he offers Trammell a bond of the
railroad for SI,OOO. Trammell, a member of
our Railroad Commission, is not permitted
by law to own the bond, and he declines to
receive it. Smith then sells the bond, to his
railroad client, for SSOO, which he turns over
to Trammell. That was all that the foxy
Newt ever got out of the foxier Hoke.
In other words, Hoke Smith first employed
Trammell to Lure General Phillips into a set
tlement which ruined him, and then turned
around and cheated Trammell out of half of
his fee!
IS ® ®
A Violent Presumption
I presume that Dr. Broughton is Mr. Watson’s
pastor. He (Dr. B.) came over to Fort Worth
and preached for our Baptist brethren for about
two weeks, and of all the fearful hell and dam
nation one ever heard, Dr. B. preached it. It re
minded me of Dante’s Inferno, except that it was
“more hotter.’’—Common Herd.
No, Brother Potts, Dr. B. is not my be
loved pastor. One of the things that he and
I both enjoy is, that he lives and preaches
at one end of the Georgia Railroad, while I
live and screech near the other.
IS IS IS
G. N. Saussy Set Right
We are in receipt of a 4-page letter from
the ex-Confederate veteran, Mr. G. N. Saus
sy. The substance of it is that he did not
make use of the language reported in the pa
pers, nor do the things that kindled the ire of
Captain Wallace Foster, of Indianapolis.
Mr. Saussy declares that he merely took
“exceptions to the 13th, 14th and 15th
Amendments and stated that I was a Con
federate soldier, on parole”.
We trust that Captain Foster will now
cease firing, and not make it necessary for us
to wear ourselves out licking him again.
IS IS IS
Brother Bealer 9 s Suggestion
Rev. Alex. W. Bealer writes for the papers
regularly. Recently he wrote this:
suppose mostly through curiosity, but
they all came and filled the house.
The first thing he said was he al
ways judged the old people by the
rudeness of the children that always
surrounded him in every town he had
gone through, and for the people of
Marion he would say they were as
nice and as clever as any he had
met, and his talk would be on For
eign Missions.
He stated that this country had
been furnishing so much money for
the country he was from, but said
he must tell the truth as he went
along, and so far as he had gone
through this land of the Bible, and
to speak from a Christian standpoint,
he was compelled to say that money
that was sent from the land of the
Bible to his country could be used
FOR SALE.
The printing material of the Bain
bridge Democrat at a bargain, be
cause of the death of the editor, and
the loss of subscription books. Bain
bridge is a fine opening for a tri
weekly.
MRS. J. M. BROWN, Dawson, Ga.
Heffersoalan
here to a better advantage than it
was being used under the control
of the foreign board. He told how
there were a lot of sharpers connect
ed with that board for a time and
had returned to Kansas and Michigan
0 /// WiF F 5
Z o IwL r
# /In' WW
W Io /
W hIBfU
“Some of the ladies have started a movement
that it is hoped will spread through all the Bap
tist churches in the State. It is for each church
to buy a lot, and they can be had from SSO to
SIOO, and on that lot the women of the church
will erect a summer house. This will be for the
use of the pastor. The plan looks even further
than this. It is proposed that the women shall
appoint a committee to come up here and keep
house for the pastor. He and his family will be
the guests of the women of the church.
For many a poorly-paid pastor thi£ will prove
a Godsend, and he will look forward eagerly
for the coming of the time when he can get away
for a little while from the grind of the pastorate.’’
Mountain homes for the weary preachers,
with volunteer white-lady cooks and house
keepers whose guest he will be while taking
his vacation! Glorious thought!
Wouldn’t you like to happen along at the
home of John Smith, some broiling day of
summer, during the week that his wife has
been duly elected, deputized and commis
sioned to go up into the mountains and keep
house for our beloved pastor?
Wouldn’t John Smith rear? But what
could he do? The Bealers and the women
would have settled it among themselves and
Smith would have to keep “bachelor’s hall,”
on canned meat, cove oysters, sardines and
soda crackers, until his enthusiastic helpmeet
had served out her time cooking, sweeping
and house-keeping for our beloved pastor.
The modesty of Brother Bealer is what
gets me. His suggestion is the same as'
though he had said:
“I want the Baptists to buy a mountain
home for me, so that I will have a regular
summer resort for vacation purposes. While
I am up there taking my rest I want one
or more white ladies to keep house for me,
relieving me of all worry and trouble on that
score. I must be treated as ‘company’, so
that I will be entitled to all the care, atten
tion and privileges of a guest.”
Modest proposition, isn’t it? I second the
motion, and offer an amendment that some
special lady be appointed to fan the flies
away from Bealer while he is taking his
after-dinner nap, and to see that a piece of
gauze is kept over his mouth as he snores, to
make sure that the gnats stay on the outside
of it.
North Georgia flies and gnats might not
know that Bealer is a Baptist preacher, and
they might not have any better judgment
than to hunt for something inside his mouth.
and made money.
A. M. CARDIN.
R. F. D. No. 2, Marion, Ky., July
21, 1909.
ADDITIONAL CAMPAIGN CON
TRIBUTIONS.
A. H. Mosher, Coffeeville, Miss., sl.
We want active agents to sell
“Bethany” and other books of Mr.
Watson' on a liberal commission.
NO. 8186—COMFORT, NEATNESS
AND ATTRACTION.
Ladies’ Shirtwaist with Coat Closing.
This model has its fulness arranged in
tucks grouped over front and back,
those on the back extending to the
waist line, while the front are tucked
to yoke depth. The fronts lap slightly
at the closing. The sleeve is a one
piece model finished with an upturned
cuff. The pattern is cut in 6 sizes:
32 to 42 inches, bust measure.
A pattern of this illustration will be
mailed to any address on receipt of 10
cents in stamps or silver. Be sure to
give the size wanted, so we can fill or
ders without delay. Address
JEFFERSONIAN PATTERN DEPT.,
Thomson, Ga.
PAGE THIRTEEN