PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.,*January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
~ ATLANTA, GA., APRIL 1, 1909
Another Parson Annihilates Tlr.
Watson.
This time it is Brother V. P. Scoville who
falls afoul of the old man, and does him up.
Parson Scoville’s article appeared in The
Whigham Journal, one of our best exchanges.
The Christian spirit which breathes softly
throughout the parson's attack on Mr. Watson
manifests itself admirably in the concluding
paragraphs:
“Perhaps the main reason why Mr. Watson
is so severely criticising the missionary meth
ods and work of the church is because that
great trio of notables, Bryan, Roosevelt and
last, have said so much lately in commenda
tion of the same.
"It is to be hoped that Mr. Watson’s follow
ing religiously will be in the same ratio as it
was politically in the last presidential election.
“More anon. V. P. Scoville.”
1 here is a rich vein of meekness, Christian
charity and “soft-answer'’ in those two para
graphs, isn't there?
It is certainly a very queer thing that the
ministers who have assailed the Jeffersonian
on this z question of foreign missions display
so much bad temper. They get mad and call
names, just as though it were not a part of
their sacred character to set a good example.
Such behavior shocks the old man painfully.
He sincerely hopes that his own composure
and good humor will have its effect, and that
the parsons who hereafter enter the debate
will Pot shuck off their coats, roll up their
sleeves, and pop their fists in their palms, as a
saintly preliminary to decorous discussion.
Brother V. P. Scoville says that he himself
has been a Missionary to the Cubans. Why
so? The Cubans are not heathen. They are
Christians. Almost to a man, they are Catho
lics. Are Roman Catholics heathen, Brother
Scoville? If so, the sooner you get to work in
Savannah, Augusta, Macon, and Atlanta, the
better. There isn’t a bit more sense in paying
for Protestant missions in Cuba than there
would be in establishing a mission charged
with the special duty of making apostates out
of the Catholics of Savannah.
Referring to our statement that necessaries
of life had been furnished to the heathen, as a
part of the mission work, Scoville says, “it is
absurdly ridiculous and absolutely false.”
So! What a reckless, unscrupulous editor
is Mr. Watson! He publishes statements con
cerning China and other foreign nations which
even \ . P. Scoville can blast with one breath
of just, indignation.
Did Mr. Scoville ever read Rev. L. S. Fos
ter’s book, entitled “Fifty Years in China?”
Did he ever read Rev. A. H. Smith’s book,
called “The Uplift in China?”
From the former we quote:
“In mission boarding schools the girls, as
their education is not valued, had to be fur
nished with food, clothing AND MUCH
ELSE. Without such inducements it had not
been found possible to secure them.”
I his refers to the mission ’ work of the Bap
tist minister, Rev. T. P. Crawford.
TSlje. 3«ff«rsonian
Now, turning to the book of Rev. A. H.
Smith, the Methodist Missionary who spent 35
years in the China field, we quote, —
“Famine relief proves a golden key to un
lock many closed doors.”
What does “FAMINE RELIEF” mean,
Brother Scoville? Rev. A. H. Smith mentions
the fact that the great famine of 1877-78 gave
the foreign missionaries a magnificent oppor
tunity. How? Specifically, Rev. Smith states
that seasons of famine furnish a wonderful
opening to the Christian workers.
In what way?
Do we not know that the meaning of these
sentences is, that the Chinese, reduced to star
vation by the famine, accept the food and
medicine offered by the missionaries, who thus
buy a hearing of their message?
Corroborating the evidence contained in
these two books, we could produce much ad
ditional testimony, but do not consider it nec
essary at present.
Brother Scoville asked us to read Matthew,
10th chapter, Bth verse. We have done so.
This is the verse:
“Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, raise the
dead, cast out devils.”
Does Scoville mean to say that he has been
doing this in Cuba, or elsewhere? We would
like to see an inventory of the lepers he has
cleansed, the dead he has raised, and the devils
he has cast out.
If Scoville knows anything at all about
Scriptural interpretation, he knows that the
whole of that verse and chapter must be con
strued together, and that the whole thing re
lated to the working of miracles. If Scoville
will read the first verse of the chapter, he will
begin to realize that the laugh is on him.
Besides, in verses 9 and 10, the Master ex
pressly forbade the disciples to take up any
missionary collection.
9. “Provide neither gold, nor silver, nor
brass in your purses,
10. “Nor scrip for your journey, neither two
coats, neither shoes, nor yet staves: for the
workman is worthy of his meat.”
There you are, Brother Scoville. Now, let
the old man ask you a gentle question:
When you went to Cuba, did you provide
any gold? or any silver? or scrip for your jour
ney? Did you carry more than one coat? Did
you go barefooted?
If you failed to go just as the Master or
dered, how dared you expect to do wonders —
heal the sick, raise the dead, and cast out dev
'ils? What right have you to take just one
clause of the divine instructions, and reject all
the others? If one part of the verse and chap
ter binds you, how do you cut loose from all
the rest of it?
How dare you, and other foreign missionary
fanatics, ding dong at our people, Sunday after
Sunday, bringing every possible pressure to
bear upon them to squeeze out of their lean
purses the last dollar they’ve got? How dare
you bully and badger your congregations, year
in and year out, to provide gold and silver and
scrip fdf your use in foreign missions when
Jesus Christ, in the plainest words, told you
not to do it?
It is easy to abuse Mr. Watson. Indeed, in
some places, it is hard to do anything else.
But abuse of Mr. Watson can not obliterate
the simple language of the Bible. You, Bro
ther Scoville, challenged Mr. Watson to turn
to the Tenth chapter of Matthew. He has
done just what you asked. He now asks you
whether you have ever so much as made the
effort to obey the orders of Christ? If you
have done it, tell us how and when and where.
If you have not done it, tell us why you dared
to imperil your immortal soul by treating the
divine command with contempt.
Brother Scoville asked ps tp read Matthew
18-19. WeJL we have dong that, fgp. Here is
the verse: , .
“Go ye therefore and teach all nations, bap
tizing them in the name of the Father, and of
the Son, and of the Holy Ghost;
But Brother Scoville ought not to ask us to
interpret the Lord’s command, in the midst of
a sentence.
There is a semi-colon at the end of verse 19,
and the sentence runs right on into verse 20,
“Teaching them to observe all things what
soever I have commanded YOU,” etc.
In other words, Christ told his disciples
what it was that they were commanded to go
into all the world and teach. They were to
teach others those things which He had taught
them. The message which He had brought to
the world was to be carried to all nations by
his disciples,—his chosen messengers.
The idea that the word teach, as there used,
meant elaborate secular education,-— kindergar
ten, school and college—is one of the most as
tonishing misinterpretations that ever was
palmed off on a gullible public.
Brother Scoville says that the Su-Chow Hos
pital charges the heathen such lively rates for
healing them that the Christian missionaries
are running the Hospital at a profit.
This is confusing. The official report which
we read states that 20,901 patients “were given
treatment.” We construed the word give to
mean gratuitous. If the patients were charged
for the treatment, the report should have been
more accurate in its use of words. But if the
foreign missionaries are running a pay-hospital
at Su-Chow and are earning a profit on it, we
don’t see how they can claim that is a Biblical
enterprise. Brother Scoville had already re
ferred us to the Scripture in which mission
aries are divinely commanded to “heal the sick,
raise the dead and cast out devils."
Surely, the Master did not mean that fees
should be charged for such services. He him
self accepted no pay for healing the sick, rais
ing the dead, and casting out devils. He com
manded the disciples to imitate his example.
They were not to accept any gold, or silver, or
scrip.
Yet Brother Scoville gloats over the fact
that the missionaries who run the Su-Chow
Hospital do charge fees for healing the sick!
We thought it unnatural and unscriptural to
tax our home folks with missionary collections
in order that the heathen might be healed free
of charge; but if the missionaries are running
their Hospital to make money out of it, and are
healing the heathen at so much per case, then
we rise to inquire,—
Is THAT what Christ meant?
Finally, Brother Scoville argues that a
greater number of Chinese and Koreans, than
of Georgians, can be converted for the same
amount of money. Scoville says that it costs
$77.00 to convert a Georgian, whereas a Ko
rean can be redeemed for the small sum of
$38.00. Chinamen come considerably higher.
Each of these pig-tailed rat eaters can be
saved for $56.00.
Isn’t it a thing to strike a chill to the heart
to hear a minister of the Gospel base an ar
gument upon sordid considerations like these?
And isn’t there something disquieting in the
fact that Christianity spreads more readily
where least known, and that converts here are
harder to get than among the lower orders of
the stupid, decadent, inconsequential Koreans?
Some time when Rev. V. P. Scoville has the
leisure, he should study the results of the cen
turies of missionary work in India. Let him
investigate the meaning of the contemptuous
term, “Rice Christians.” Let him inquire why
it is that no Englishman, or other white man,
will give employment to a native Christian.
Let him ask who it is that is called the “Ar
rack Christian.” Let him study the ways in
which “converts” are drawn from the dregs of
the population, and note how slight has been
the result of hundreds of years of continual es-