the extravagances of the idle rich a bless
ing, in that they thereby put in circula
tion a trifle of the colossal fortunes they
unjustly acquire. Not in the exercise of
prudence, but in the iniquities of our class
legislation, lie the dangers of hoarding.
The people are entitled to their own sav
ings banks, their parcels post and all simi
lar accommodations, just as much so as
they are to their mail service. It was many
a year before we got the Rural Free De
livery, which has blessed and brightened
our country life, and we did not realize
our inconvenience to nearlv the same ex
tent that we now appreciate its comfort;
and so it will be with the Postal Savings
Bank and Parcels Post.
As to a ‘‘graduated land tax,” I am not
aware of any discussion of a question of
this sort. It hardly seems feasible. Grad
uated income taxes and graduated inheri
tance taxes are both measures strongly
and wisely advocated as a means of equal
izing our present grossly biased method
of raising revenue, whereby the cultivator
of land and producer of real wealth bears
the burden, while the possessor of per
sonal property evades the law and the
beneficiary of a swollen estate receives
riches which he did nothing to acquire
and pays to the government which pro
tects his life and property nothing for the
service it renders.
RUH
TLx-President Cleveland's Death.
After many months of ill-health, Ex-
President Grover Cleveland died of heart
failure last week. Os Mr. Cleveland per
sonally, the Jeffersonian has no unkind
word to say, but of Mr. Cleveland as
President, it is perfectly legitimate for
us, in the proper language and spirit, to
express our opinion.
There is no doubt that Mr. Cleveland's
success in New York politics was due to
the fact that he identified himself with
the better element of the Democratic
party —the men who were trying to im
prove public conditions. The fact that
Tammany hated him bitterly, was im
mensely to his credit. While it is true
that his closest friends, Daniel Lamont
and Wm. C. Whitney, have since been
exposed in a manner which shows that
they were far from being the spotless pa
triots which we once fondly believed
them to be, nevertheless the fact re
mains that they were the best allies that
Mr. Cleveland could have chosen at the
time. We think it is true that Mr. Cleve
land was personally incorruptible.; that
he had the courage of his convictions,
and that he meant to do what was right,
as he saw it, but he had imbibed the
financial ideas of Wall Street, and this
made him the unconscious tool of Wall
Street financiers. He no doubt honestlv
believed that Wall Street’s theory of fi
nance was perfectly sound and just.
In acting upon that belief, he was no
doubt sincere; yet the fact remains that
he was elected the first time on a plat
form which pledged him to free silver;
and that, after his election and before his
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
inauguration, he wrote the famous War
ner letter in which he repudiated the plat
form of his party and took the road to
ward the gold standard.
We think, upon the whole, his first ad
ministration was a good one. Fie made
an earnest effort to check the extrava
gance of pension legislation, and to put
in force some healthy ideas of economy.
He seems to have understood the iniqui
ties of our Tariff system, and it was a
bold, manly act for him to challenge the
High Tariff Barons and to make Tariff
reform an issue in his campaign for re
election.
Os his second term, nothing good can
be said. Honestly, we believe it to have
been the rottenest administration which
this or any other country ever had —a
possible exception being the Imperial
regime of Napoleon the Third. His elec
tion, having been brought about by the
lavish expenditure of money, the prom
ises which had been made to predatory
corporations, to induce them to contribute
so liberally to the campaign fund, had
to be redeemed at the expense of the peo
ple. It is a frightful thing to remember
that the Sugar Trust was given the privi
lege of writing the Tariff Schedule which
affected their own business; and that a
Cabinet officer practically acted as
amanuensis for the Trust in preparing the
schedule just as they wanted it!
The contribution of the Sugar Trust to
the campaign fund had been $500,000.
The sugar schedule, as thev dictated it,
enabled them to rob the people of this
country of $50,000,000 per year for sev
eral years!
A society man, named J. J. Van Alen,
had contributed $=;o,ooo to the campaign
fund, with the understanding that he was
to be appointed minister to Italy. Mr.
Cleveland made the appointment, as per
contract, and it never did seem to dawn
upon his mind that the Van Alen episode
was a most disgraceful barter of place
for boodle. Newspaper clamor forced a
resignation from Van Alen; it had
no apparent effect upon Mr. Cleveland.
In his celebrated letter to “My Dear
Catchings,” he was, apparently, indig
nant at the perfidy of those who had en
acted the Wilson-Gorman Tariff Bill, yet
he did not have the moral courage and pa
triotism to veto it. His refusal to veto
was, in law, an approval, for it was one
of those bills that could not perish by
the “pocket” veto. A President can not
side-step, or temporarily abdicate his
functions. He is a positive force, in spite
of himself. If he allows an Act of Con
gress to become a law, by failing to veto
it, he has, in legal contemplation, signed
it. Therefore Mr. Cleveland himself was
directly responsible for the infamous ex
ploitation of the common people by the
predatory corporations under the Wilson-
Gorman Bill.
But the very worst chapter in the rec
ord of Cleveland’s second administration
was the bond issue and the illegal estab
lishment of the Gold Standard. There
was an Act of Congress—and only one-
which then allowed the Government to
issue bonds. Bonds could be issued to
retire greenbacks; but, subsequent to this
Act, came another, which absolutely for
bade the retirement of any more green
backs. To most men, this would seem
to make it impossible for any President
to approve an issue of bonds, but it was
not so with Mr. Cleveland. During the
four years that he had been out of the
office of President, he had been the law
partner of Francis Lynde Stetson. One
one of the clients of Cleveland & Stetson,
Attorneys-at-Law, was the great banking
house of J. P. Morgan & Company. Af
ter Cleveland had again become Presi
dent, J. P. Morgan went over to Wash
ington with Mr. Stetson, and Mr. Mor
gan pointed out to Mr. Cleveland that
Act. of Congress which allowed the Gov
ernment to issue bonds. In an article
which he wrote for the Saturday Even
ing Post, defending this bond issue, Mr.
Cleveland stated that he did not know
of the existence of that Act, until his at
tention was called to it by Mr. Morgan.
Here was a queer situation: A banker
telling a lawyer what the law was; a
former client of Lawyer Cleveland tell
ing President Cleveland what he should
do in a financial crisis. Mr. Stetson, the
former partner of -Mr. Cleveland, and
the lawyer of banker Morgan, drew up
the contract under which Morgan, Bel
mont and the Rothschilds secured gold
bonds from the Government at a lower
price than the gold bonds of New Eng
land railroads were quoted at, and at a
lower figure than was commanded by the
gold bonds of the Negro country, Ja
maica.
To create the necessity for the bonds,
the “endless chain” was manufactured.
Simply stated, this was a presentation of
treasury notes and a demand that they
be redeemed in gold. Greenbacks could
not be redeemed and destroyed except in
violation of law; treasury notes, issued
under the Sherman law, could not be re
deemed in anything else but silver dol
lars, without a violation of the plain let
ter of the law. Mr. Carlisle violated
both these Acts of Congress, and who
ever brought treasury notes for redemp
tion, demanding gold, got the gold. The
consequence was that our “Gold reserve”
shrunk and we no longer had in the
Treasury the $100,000,000 of gold, which
had been arbitrarily and unnecessarily set
aside by John Sherman. The moment
the Gold reserve began to shrink, the
.Wall Street papers would raise a great
clamor, and Mr. Cleveland and Mr. Car
lisle would decide that they must have
more gold. How could they get it? By
issuing bonds. Therefore, the scheme
worked this way: Wall Street would
gather up paper money and exchange it
for gold; then the Government gave them
bonds to get back the gold. This law
less scheme was worked from week to
week and month to month, until the
country had been mortgaged by new
bond issues, to the extent of $265,000,000,
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE