which Harvie Jordan and Richard Cheatham gave
to their trustful stockholders. The concern was
absolutely insolvent when Harvie deserted the
sinking ship.
(4) Trying to destroy the Farmers’ Union.
Ever since this organization came into our part
of the State, I have done all that was possible
for it. The President has been, repeatedly, my
guest, and has taken counsel with me in his most
serious emergencies. He was at my house, a few
nights ago; and he, in person, urged me to attend
the St. Louis Convention, in May. In The Jeffs
we have labored hard to help Mr. Barrett build
up his organization. I have gone with him to
Mississippi and Louisiana, at his request, to make
speeches for the Union. In his book, he bears
generous testimony to my zealous friendship to
the order.
I believe that the injunctions granted by courts
of competent jurisdiction should be obeyed; that
no one should be driven into any kind of organ
ization, and that the courts should continue to
have the power to protect every citizen in the le
gitimate conduct of his business.
The National attorney of the Farmers’ Union
telegraphed to the President of the American
Federation of Labor, indorsing his defiance of the
Injunction issued by Judge Wright, of the Dis
trict Court D. C. This telegram assured Mr.
Gompers that the National Farmers’ Union ap
plauded his course in defying the Court.
Then, again, Mr. Duckworth, in his paper, ad
vocated the compulsory use of the Union Label—
which, of course, would compel every workman to
join a labor union, or starve. Then, again, he
seemed to be hooked up with Mr. Gompers for
the passage of that Pearre bill, which seeks to
deprive the courts of the power to protect a citi
zen in his business. Then, again, Duckworth went
to the Farmers’ Union Convention, at Galveston,
Texas, and made a speech in favor of resolutions
prepared by the Merchant’s Marine League which
is trying to raid the Treasury in the interest of a
few ship-owners.
Mr. Bob Lowry, of Atlanta, is the Georgia
head of the Republican committees, isn’t he?
Well, his name appears, also, as the Georgia rep
resentative of the Ship Subsidy crowd.
Now, let’s take stock, a minute, or so.
Where do you stand on these questions, Bill
Howard?
If you were running a paper, in Georgia, would
you be afraid to expose four officials of the Farm
ers’ Union who are trying to lead it astray?
Those four, I have shown up in their true col
ors; and unless “the little bunch” at Union City
constitute the great Farmers’' Union, your charge
falls flat.
(5) That I failed of loyalty to John West.
Mr. West was nominated in 1896. I went with
him, in his buggy, to Louisville, Georgia,—a
cross-country ride of about thirty-seven miles —
to help him launch his campaign. He there met
Bill Fleming, in joint debate. After this was
over, I made a speech for him in the Court
House. Having thus testified to my interest in
his campaign, I went to stumping in North Geor
gia for Yancey Carter; and after a speech at Car
tersville, went to Texas to head off the fusion
deal between the Pops and the Republicans.
From there, I went to Kansas, Nebraska and
Colorado—to return utterly worn out. I was a
candidate on the Bryan ticket, and could not con
fine my work to one State, much less to the oft
canvassed Tenth District.
(6) That I was disloyal to Jim Hogan.
That was in 1898. The Spanish War had come,
and we all knew that we were on the toboggan.
I made, at Thomson, the best speech that was in
my shop, for Jim and the rest of the ticket; and
did what I could for him in my paper. The
speech was put on the editorial page, where it
would do him the most good. As I was deeply
engaged on one of my books; and as I felt that,
for the time, we could do nothing effective, I did
not feel it my duty to stump the State again. Had
already given so much to the cause that I was
almost a physical, mental and financial "Wreck.
Had stumped the whole State three times, in
three different years.
This reminds me to inquire a tiling, or two, of
my critic.
How many speeches have you made for your
party, Bill? In what manner have you given
evidence of your devotion to your friends and
your principles?
When I was speaking for Bryan, from Georgia
to Colorado, where was your eloquent voice heard
in his behalf?
Ueffersonlait
For what Gubernatorial candidate have you
spoken, excepting Jim Smith?
For how many John Wests, running for Con
gress, have you campaigned?
For years you have been a member of a body
whose members are paid to talk for the people.
How many speeches have you made, Bill? You
have been paid about $65,000 to do your share in
a talk-fest parliament, and you have been almost
as dumb as a dumb-bell.
Your District might almost as well have sent
a man who was tongue-tied.
And yet you have the marvelous nerve to come
at me because in a Presidential year, I could give
but one speech to the Tenth Congressional Dis
trict, which I had already canvassed so thorough
ly that nearly every white voter was as fixed, as
the tongue in the groove of a ceiled room. You
prate of my services to the Republicans— you who
saved the day for them a year ago, and enabled
them to enact this damnable Payne-Aldrich law,
with its tax of 50 per cent, on automobiles and
165 per cent, on blankets.
There never was a solitary moment when any
Republican whomsoever had just cause to doubt
my cordial detestation of liis party’s policies, and
my resolute determination to combat them to the
limit of my power. Not a Republican that breathes
would dare to approach me with the proposition
which carried you and Livingston into the Re
publican Camp, last Spring!
You have gone over my Congressional record
with a microscope, Bill, and you couldn’t find a
flaw in it—NOT ONE! How keen must have been
your virtuous disappointment!
If I had done so much for the Republicans, I’d
have influence with them — such as you have, Bill.
I have none, and seek none.
A lonely man, politically, I have stood, immov
ably, on the principles which were mine at the be
• ginning, and which will be mine to the end.
In 1893, Bill, you knew as much of the color
line speech and the refusal to enter the Demo
cratic Caucus in Washington, as you know in
1910. Whatever my offense was, whatever the
moral turpitude, you knew then, more perfectly
than you can recall it now. Yet, when I went to
your town, Lexington, to make a Populist speech,
you most heartily invited me to become your
guest. I accepted the invitation, broke bread
with you, and slept under your roof.
The fact that you did so, Bill, is the highest and
best evidence that you knew I had been guilty of
nothing to forfeit a gentleman’s regard. The
fact that you now stoop to pick up and fling at
me the decayed and half-forgotten slanders, of
the period antedating my visit to your home, is
proof that you have forgotten the laws of hospi
tality as well as the first principles of honest
politics.
As to the Negro question, I shirk nothing. At
that time the black man was a voter, and the
contending factions of whites competed for his
support. Both sides were inflamed with passion
and went too far. Milton Reese put Tom Gads
den, the negro, to making public speeches, against
us; and we had to use Doyle. We did not begin
it. Doyle made no speech in Thomson, until after
we had protected him from violence because of
alleged offensive language at other places. The
speech he made in Thomson was not considered
insulting, and there were no demonstrations
against him because of it.
There were but two ways of settling this Ne
gro question. Either the colored man must be
given the political privileges guaranteed him in
the supreme law; or, he must be put entirely out
of politics.
We Populists believed that, if the color line
were wiped out, the negro would divide in poli
tics as he does in religion. I believe so yet. Such
a state of things might, in the end, be better for
the country than the unsettled, half-and-half con
dition which now gives so much dissatisfaction
to both races.
However, experience has brought me to be
lieve that we should do what the Dutch republic
of South Africa has done, with the approval of
the British Government — restrict political priv
ileges to the whites.
How do you stand on that, Bill? Now that
I reflect upon the matter, it is impossible for me
to recall any help that you gave us in passing the
Disfranchisement law. That act of exclusion of
the blacks grew directly out of a proposition to
the Democrats, made by me, during the cam
paign of 1904, in the effort to disfranchise the
negroes, we had one of the hottest of fights; but
we got no help from Bill Howard.
And he is mightily worried about The Jeffs.
He’d better be. So had all other Congressmen
who go to Washington, and forget the platform
which they got in on. Old Man Peepul and I are
in partnership again, and we are going to have
something done for the plain common folks, or
know the reason why. NEW BROOMS? Yes, Sir,
that’s what we need, and mean to have. The
sweeping has been sadly neglected. We want
something more, hereafter, than academic speech
es, dubious garden seed, lectures on farming, soil
' surveys, and newspaper clippings labelled,
“Speech of Hon. Thetus W. Sims”.
Bill winds up his bugle song with a blast about
Foreign Missions. He chose a bad time for it. In
the first place, it hasn’t a blessed thing to do
with this discussion; and, in the second place,
Bill doesn’t know a blessed thing about it; and,
in the third place, he doesn’t see that while the
preachers are, as yet, generally against me, the
people are coming over to my side of it in droves.
His screech that I am laying my “profane
hands” on “the Church of Almighty God”, is crass
nonsense. When Bill Howard goes to using the
name of God, and not in vain, he must feel that
he is in a mighty tight place.
.. Oh, yes, Bill, I know that you voted against
Cannon, as the other twenty-two deserters did.
He was the caucus nominee of the Republicans,
and the Insurgents had to vote for him. And I
know all about your other votes, Bill—against
the tariff, etc. Os course, we all knew that you
and Brantley and Livingston would have some
nice-looking sophistry to confuse the minds of
your betrayed constituents. But it won’t do, Bill!
it won’t do.
When the twenty-three Democratic votes were
indispensable to Cannonism and Plutocracy, they
got you, Bill. That was when Cannon was cry
ing, “My Kingdom for a horse!” and you neighed,
and came trotting up, Bill.
That was when sinking Caesar was pleading
“Help me, Cassius, or I sink!” and you saved the
drowning man, Bill.
I dared you to rise in your place, on the floor
of the House, and deny what Cannon said last
November, at Kansas City—to-wit: that had the
Democrats stood together, he could not have
passed this infamous new tariff which is a curse
to the country, which has increased the cost of
living, and which bears enormously harder on the
masses than upon the classes.
You dare not do it, Bill.
I asked you why you voted to exempt the Pull
man Palace-Car Company from governmental reg
ulation, you don’t answer. You can’t answer.
You were reproached for voting to exempt Ex
press Companies from governmental regulation.
You don’t explain. You can’t explain.
You were asked what bad law you had ever
tried to repeal, and what good law you had at
tempted to pass. You have not named a single
one. You can not name a single one.
You were reminded that during all your years
of service you had not given the people the bene
fit of your ability on the floor of the House, where
it was so much needed.
You have not made a showing to the contrary.
You can not make one, for there is none to make.
Your doom is sealed, slight man! Your de
sertion is unpardonable. A Georgian who has
served his country as I have done, is not required
to apologize for exposing a political crime which
vastly injures the entire country.
Destructive am I? Bah. I helped to destroy
that Congressional Bar-room: that Pinkerton pri
vate army: the open saloons of Georgia: the de
posit of public funds without interest: the free
pass evil; and some other things of like kind.
As to constructive work, it can be seen along
every highway of every Congressman who has
been diligent in the establishment of R. F. D.
routes.
JUDGE LAWSON.
Bill devoted six inches of solid black type to
prove me inconsistent, as to Judge Lawson. No
inconsistency exists. In my strictures upon the
illegal Commitment of poor George Bell to the
Asylum, I paid deservedly high tribute to Judge
Lawson’s Character; but contended that he was
in error, in that instance. Judge Graham Lewis
so decided, when the Habeas Corpus Case was
brought before him for adjudication.
Thus, Bill, you fail at every point. In fact,
your defense is no defense at all. Arranged for
leaving your own General, going over to the ene-
(Continued on Page Eighteen)
PAGE FIFTEEN