COUNTRY MERCHANTS MUST BE MAIN
TAINED.
Up-to-date farming stands for the prQsper
ity of all rural interests, hence we are glad
to hear the President of the United States say
in his message to Congress: “I believe it is
good policy for our Government to do every
thing possible to aid the small town and the
country district; it is desirabble that the coun
try merchant should not be crushed out.”
We have often said that the prosperity of
the farmer and the prosperity of the country
merchant are so closely interwoven that neither
can suffer without the other feeling a
reflex effect thereof, and we have always re
gretted the antagonism that sometimes in
trudes itself between country merchants and
farm organizations. In the first place, the
country merchant should apply to his trade
and prices the principles of equity, and then
the farmer should feel in bounden duty to
support the country merchant. Any prosper
ous agricultural community ought to be dot
ted here and there with thriving towns and
villages, whose business is done by prosper
ous merchants, and such towns and villages
should be beacon lights pointing to still great
er prosperity for the surrounding country. The
solid farm organization that will accomplish
most for farmers will be friendly to and sup
port all the local interests rather than inter
ests that center in distant cities. —Farmers’
Advocate.
RESOLUTIONS
Passed by the Coffee County Fanners’ Edu
cational and Co-operative Union,
Saturday, Dec. 14, 1907.
Whereas: The present Money Panis has
given us an object lesson, showing that our
monetary system is very defective, inasmuch
as it allows a few individuals to control the
Financial Interest of our Government to the
detriment of the masses of the people; and,
Whereas, our National law making body is
now in session,
Be it resolved, That we, the Farmers’ Edu
cational and Co-operative Union of* Coffee
county, do earnestly ask and entreat that our
National President request each and every lo
cal, county and state union to pass resolutions
memorializing their respective Senators and
Representatives in Congress to pass such leg
islation as will require our Government to is
sue Money direct instead of delegating the
power to the National Banks.
Be it furthenjresolved, That we send a copy
of this Resolution to our National President,
C. S. Barrett, and State President R. F.
Duckworth, and to the Hon. Thomas E. Wat
son.
T. C. ALLEN, President.
T. H. BROWN, Secretary.
If the farmers can afford to sell cotton at
or below the cost of production, why can’t
the iron men, the shoe men and the manufac
tures of other commodities sell their prod
ucts below cost of production? Is it not as
fair for one as it is for the other?—Union
Guide.
I x
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
CUT THE SPINNERS OUT.
When the Farmers’ Union was first organ
ized the writer contended then, as now, that
the union would make very slow headway by
holding conferences with the “Bosses” (the
spinners). The spinners have no common in
terests with the farmers, no more than the
Manufacturers’ Association has with the La
borers. Labor has tried the plan of contract
ing with capital for over 50 years, to gnd that
it is a failure in attaining final results, but
is now looking to the system of labor con
tracting with labor, and let capital shift for
itself.
The farmers can get more results in 30
minutes in a conference with the Textile Weav
ers’ Union —looking toward an agreement
whereby the Weavers’ Union will not handle
a bale of cotton unless it has the Farmers’
Union label. Then a bale of cotton without
the label would be worthless. The label would
be insured by your union, then every raiser
of cotton would be in the union. Then your
price would be realized, and not till then.
This system would work with every product
of the farm. While we regret the loss of even
a day in securing results, yet we are glad to
know the farmer has learned so soon that these
“spinner deals” are of no avail. We note the
wail of every Farmers’ Union paper which
looked to these same spinners for relief, but
are now double crossing the farmers. Let the
next conference be with the “weavers.” Cut
the spinners out. —Oklahoma Union Messen
ger.
FROM CHARIMAN HOLLAWAY.
Clem, Ga.
Dear Sir: Everybody in this section is talk
ing finance, and if I am not very much mistak
en, we are going to have the greatest reform
wave we have ever had, more people are get
ting their eyes open to the schemes of the
bond-holders than ever before.
Our boys, the Old Guard, are talking of
chartering two or three cars for our delegates
to go to the next national convention, which is
to meet on Jefferson’s birthday.
Our boys are criticising and denouncing in
no uncertain terms, the present policy of allow
ing the bond-holder to draw three rates of in
terest in one transaction. According to Sec
retary Cortelyou’s own statement, these bond
holders have procured public deposits of our
national treasury money on railroad bonds,
state and municipal securities, etc., to the
amount of over two hundred and twenty-six
millions.
Now the scheme which “beats bob tail” is
this:
1. Mr. Secretary offers to sell Panama ca
nal bonds which will bring the holder two per
cent and escape taxation; also some certifi
cates of indebtedness which draw three per
cent interest, which Mr. Bondholder is told
he can use as a banking basis to issue his
own promissory note on to lend to “damp
phool,” who can give good security.
2. This proposition being acceptable to Mr.
Bond-holder, he takes Uncle Sam’s (these same
damp-phools’) own money, and buys these se
curities, then has our own sweet Uncle Samuel
to hand him this same money back which he
has been using for so long without interest.
3. The bond-holder having bought Uncle
Sam’s bonds and certificates with the money
Uncle-Sam has so graciously let him use so
long, is now ready to issue the par value of
these securities in his own notes to lend to
the same set of idiots at 8, 10 and 12 per cent,
who furnished it to him at one-half of one
per cent. In the language of Hon. C. W. Win
dle, “ If the American people stand for such
a system of finance as that, they are a nation
of idiots.”
Yours for a change,
J. T. HOLLAWAY.
A CALL FOR A STATE CONVENTION OF
THE PEOPLE’S PARTY OF MISSOURI,
St. Louis, Mo., Nov. 27, 1907.
The State Comrfnttee of People’s Party was
called to order by W. A. Dillon, chairman, at
10 a. m. A motion carried to fill vacancies
in committee. A motion carried fixing the rep
resentation to next state convention at five
delegates from each county, and one addi
tional delegate for every twenty votes cast in
county for the electors for Thomas E. Watson
for President, in 1904. A motion also carried
selecting St. Louis as the place of next state
convention to be held April the first, 1908,
at 9 a. m., to nominate a full ticket and elect
delegates to the national convention and to dis
pose of such other business as may come be
fore it. Motion earned to adjourn to meet at
St. James Hotel in St. Louis, April 1, 1908, at
9 a. m.
W. A. DILLON, Chairman.
J. M. BURRUS>, Secretary.
HAD TO LET HIM DO IT.
Gainesville, Fla., Oct. 2, 1907.
“Watson’s Weekly”:
I find in the Commoner the following: Over
the signature, “Rev. Silliman (Sillyman) Blag
den,” of Boston, the New York World prints
a letter. Then follows more than half a col
umn of the veriest rot concerning the fitness
of J. P. Morgan for the presidency of these
United States, which he winds up with these
words:
“The more one studies Mr. J. P. Morgan’s
life and character, the more one becomes aware
of the fact that in very many ways he strong
ly resembles the Father of our country, George
Washington. Should Mr. Morgan become our
next president and should our country need
it, I believe he would give the very last cenU
of his many millions to save the United
States from disaster. This gives a fair ide?
of his splendid patriotism.”
Now the more I study the fulsome words
of praise of one of the worst and most power
ful enemies of the common people the more 1
am inclined, as the late lamented Artemus
Ward would write it, to put Mr. “Sillyman”
Blagden down as a “damphool” and I hope
you will allow me to do so.
JOHN W. TENCH.
No matter how ugly a man is, he really
thinks himself good looking after the barber
has given him a close shave and combed his
hair the latest fashion.
PAGE SEVEN