PAGE EIGHT
Cfye Jeffersonian.
PUBLISHED BY
TH OS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta. Ga., January 11. 1907. as second ciass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga., Jan. 6, 1910
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
One of Smith's Fool Friends
Ever since Governor Hoke Smith signed
his own death-warrant, by changing the rules
under which the people of Georgia had been
holding elections ever since the Constitution
of 1877, some of his partisans have had ul
cerated heads. They refuse to be consoled.
They will neither quit growling, nor learn the
facts. They ought to know that such country
leaders as I could, not afford to stay quiet,
while Iloke Smith, Boykin Wright, Lawton
Miller and other city politicians were revolu
tionizing our election system, for the purpose
of concentrating power in the cities. I had
been the victim of the very rules which those
wire-pullers were trying to get adopted for
the whole State. Boykin Wright had dis
franchised nine country counties, by stuffing
the ballot-boxes at the Courthouse precinct in
Augusta. We country people were utterly
powerless to prevent him from doing it. We
were reduced to political nullity.
Now, Boykin and Hoke had secretly fixed
up. those new rules, whose purpose was to de
prive the country people of that share of pow
er which they had been enjoying for thirty
years.
Under our present system, the smallest
country county will always have one-third
the power of the biggest city county. At
lanta never can grow large enough to have
more than three times the political strength
of the weakest of the rural counties.
And that is as it should be. There are lots
of good, honest folks in the large cities; but
you know very well that corporation influ
ence, the job-lash, money, whisky and log
rolling have vastly more influence on city
elections, than out in the farming communi
ties.
We have almost reached the pass when you
have got to seek them in the country, if you
w T ant to find warm, earnest religion, and that
sturdy honesty and independence which
prompted those New York farmers to say to
Major Andre, when in his terror he tried to
buy his release, “We are poor men, but the
King of England hasn't got money enough to
buy us."
Now, I am a country man myself, and my
following is mostly rural: my interests are
bound up with the country people, and there’s
where my heart is, too.
Was I to sit still, and do nothing, while
Hoke Smith and Boykin Wright were grind
ing knives to cut my throat? Was I to turn
traitor to my own following, and allow them
to be robbed of their political rights, without
making any protest? Those plotters might
have known better. I was in Florida when
those new rules appeared in the papers. Up
to that time, not a thing had been done by
me that was likely to influence the result of
the contest between Smith and Brown.
But the moment I studied those new rules,
and realized how they would give the city
3cfferson.iar<
politicians opportunity to stuff a few ballot
boxes with enough votes to outcount the coun
try vote, (just as we had been outcounted in
the Tenth,) I pulled off my coat, and waded
in, like fighting fire.
It was my solemn duty to do it. Never
have I rendered the rural communities of this
State a better service—with one exception.
Yet, there are some editors, of country
weeklies, who never neglect a chance to nag
at me. Nothing that Ido pleases them; and
they are ready to distort or misrepresent
what I say or write.
For instance, there is Solomon-the-Wise
Tyson, who gets out a paper called The For
est Blade — rather a dull blade, most of us
think. From time to time, Solomon has to
remind his readers that he is still sore about
the licking we gave him, in 1908. He does
this by feebly hitting at me. In his last issue,
he pretended to find a shocking inconsistency
in what I wrote about the Gompers defiance
of the courts—contrasting that with my atti
tude on the Stegall case. The inconsistency
is purely imaginary.
In the case of President Samuel Gompers,
there was no dispute about the jurisdiction.
Over the person of President Gompers, and
over the subject-matter of the litigation, the
Court had unquestioned authority. Conse
quently, its restraining order and its injunc
tion should have been obeyed.
In the Stegall case, the Federal Court had
no lawful jurisdiction at all. I have cited the
law to prove this. Nobody has answered me:
nobody can answer me.
In the matter of the Fifteenth Amendment,
I would have the States disregard it, for the
reason that the official records of the Federal
Government show that it was not legally pro
posed by Congress, nor legally adopted by the
States.
The States need not respect an amendment
which is not proposed and adopted as the
Constitution directs. The Fifteenth Amend
ment is a mere nullity, and ought to be treated
as one.
Really, that which makes the Smith par
tisans so grumpish and cross, is their knowl
edge of the fact that their man has steadily
lost ground, since the Legislature adjourned.
All of us know this; and hence we are dis
posed to be lenient with the soreheads—even
when they snarl and snap at the procession.
Mr. Taft’s Little Secretary, Knox,
Forgets a Precedent
Two Americans, Groce and Cannon, took
their risk, and joined the rebels who were
fighting President Zelaya, of Nicaragua. Be
ing captured, redhanded, they were tried by
court-martial, and shot.
Secretary Knox rushed war vessels to Nica
raguan waters, trained guns on Zelaya’s capi
tal, and forced him into resigning. Senator
Rayner, of Maryland, who ought to have
held his peace, made a speech passionately
clamoring for Zelaya’s trial for murder!
Has everybody forgotten the fate of
Walker, the once notorious Filibuster?
Just before our Civil War, William Walker
fomented rebellion in Nicaragua, and actually
set up a rickety government there. But he
was soon driven out, and returned to New
Orleans.
Shortly afterwards, he got up a rebellion
in Honduras. It appears that almost any
one, with money and arms, can stir the Cen
tral Americans into revolution. But Walker’s
rebellion failed and he took refuge on a Brit
ish gunboat. The authorities of Honduras
demanded him of the English, and he was
surrendered. Tried by court-martial, he was
condemned, and shot.
The precedent would seem to be on all
fours with the Groce-Cannon case.
The Catholic Friars in the Phil
ippines
You jog along in a humdrum way, attend
ing to your own business, and doing only the
same things, day after day, until you wear the
rut so smooth and so deep that a yoke of oxen
and a log-chain could hardly drag you out of
it. You come to believe that your little world
is a fair sample of the universe. What you see
and hear, you consider to be about an average
of what others see and hear. The big outside
world seems almost unreal to you. It does
not enter into your life at all. * You read of
things in the newspapers, and it all appears
to be far distant from you.
When you have finished the headlines and,
perhaps, the details of a murder, or of a di
vorce suit, you consider yourself well posted.
It is almost impossible to make you realize
that there are thousands of fearful things
which the daily papers do not dare to men
tion.
For instance, there was that matter of the
Filipinos and the Catholic friars. I had long
known, in a general way, why the natives
rose in revolt against these emissaries of
Papa, but it was not until December, 1909,
that I was fully acquainted with the hideous
details. These are to be found in the Report
made by the Taft Commission, which Presi
dent McKinley appointed to investigate con
ditions in the Islands. (1901.)
In the last issue but one of The Jeffer
sonian for December, 1909, I wrote on this
subject, giving as my authority “Senate Docu
ment 190”, which any one can get by request
ing his Senators to send a copy.
Jogging along in his deep, smooth rut, the
average citizen is apt to pooh-pooh such state
ments as those made in that editorial. “Oh,
that can’t be so: I never saw anything like
that; and I don’t believe that such awful
deeds can be done!” That’s about the an
swer your neighbor will give you when you
try to mortise new facts into his noddle.
Heavens alive! As if all the scholars do
not know that the ancient priesthoods taught
the girls that it was a religious duty for them
to consecrate their virginity to the pagan
gods! These priests universally preyed upon
the women, and lived off their prostitution.
Herodotus and Strabo, the oldest profane
historians, tell us about it. In Babylon and
Nineveh every woman had to go into the
temple precincts, at least one time, and yield
herself to whoever came and offered her the
price fixed by the priests. (The Old Testa
ment bears testimony to the same thing.)
From paganism, the Roman Catholics
borrowed nearly every one of their ceremo
nial performances, and much of their creed.
The shaven head, the style of dressing, the
use of holy water, the telling of beads, the
kissing of Pappy’s toe, the worship of images,
the belief in purgatory, etc., are all stolen
from the ancient religions. And along with
these practices, forms and beliefs, came the
teaching of girls that it is a religious duty to ~
devote their virginity to the priest—he not
being allowed a wife, and being consecrated
to Christ, and unable to commit sin.
In the convents, the girls who have taken
the black veil are taught just that, as will be
proved in the series of Magazine articles
which will follow my exposure of Socialism.
“The sacred virgins” of the ancient tem
ples, were not virgins: they had been duped
by the priests into devoting their youth and
beauty to prostitution. The priests had told
them that they would thereby serve the gods
—but the priests pocketed the money, and
used the girls themselves, whenever they
pleased. The “passive” convent of our own
times is the lineal descendant of the temples
of Apollo. These deluded women of the an
cient temples devoutly believed that they
were performing a religious duty. So do the
nuns who enter the “retreat parlor”, whets '