people of our own great country even pretend
to be Christians.
And how many of that one-third ought to
be among the goats, Jehovah alone knows.
That the 60,000,000 non-believers of the
United States are of vastly more importance
I? the world’s future than all the colored
races oUAsia, Africa and Oceanica, ought to
be apparent even to the missionaries; but
somehow they can't be made to see it.
Hell Hounds Not Treating Neill,
of Texas, Right
It’s a shame the way the Hell-hounds are
doing I). J. Neiil, of Texas.
Last year Fred Warren, of the Appeal,
vowed and declared that the Hell-hounds
were after him. The Howls that he coughed
up were just awful to hear.
Fred, you know, is one of the noisiest So
cialists that Chicago ever spawned. A regu
lar Haymarket Red, is Fred. But you can
shut him up, any old day, by daring him to
give us that definition of Socialism which I
vainly challenged him and his “Comrades'' to
sign and publish.
The chase of Fred suddenly ended; the
Howls died down, and the next thing I heard
of the Hell-hounds, they were in full cry
after John Lee, late of Boston, but now of
Georgia. According to John, the H. H. had
him fleeing for dear life.
"When Johnsey straightens up on those
hind-legs of his, he is a lengthy proposition:
and I guess he gave the Hell-hounds one of
the greatest runs they’ve ever had, yet.
In fact, he must have “out-winded” ’em—
for there is a Noise in Texas which indicates
that the Satanic Pack is baying over there.
The object of pursuit, this time, is D. J. Neill,
of the Reimers-lowa-Republican Co-opera
tor.
With extraordinary delicacy of expression,
Neill declares that the Hell-hounds have tried
to destroy him by emptying their bowels on
his devoted head.
“The Hell-hounds have poured their bowels on
my devoted head.”
Nice language to be sending into Texas
homes, isn’t it?
But a man who will go in with a million
aire Republican from lowa to scoop Farm
ers’ Union papers, and deceive the farmers of
Texas as to his secret relations with the Han-,
nacrats, is not very apt to know when he is
using words that suggest the obscene —there-
by exciting disgust.
It would be a thankless task to try to teach
such a person good manners or good taste;
for long before D. J. could be made fit to edit
a respectable paper, he will be Down and Out
—an unsavory reminiscence.
The Christian Bell and Graham
Index
A pile of money has Brother Bell made out
of The Index. (By advice of counsel, I de
cline to answer the question, “Why don’t you
call it the Christian IndexV'}
Yes, sir: the paper which Bro. Bell brings
out would be amply paid for, if you gave it
a dollar a year; whereas, Brothers B. & G.
make their dear Beloved pay twice that sum.
I get and derive lots of entertainment out
of the Bell and Graham publication. They
send it to me with praiseworthy regularity.
It is a welcome guest in what dear Dr. Lovett
calls my “magnificent palace”. After the se
rious labors of the day are done, I resort and
repair to The Index, or to dear Doctor Lov
ett’s Advocate, for refreshment and recuper
ation.
Like the resolute medical person who hunts
for arsenic in the corpse, I always find what
I’m looking for.
I don’t pretend to be what you might call
an ardent admirer of Bell and Graham, or of
3affersonlan
dear Doctor Lovett, either; but a vague, in
definable feeling of gratitude wells up within
me, whenever I recall, remember and recollect
how great is my debt to them for the merri
ment and amusement and gladsomeness I’ve
had over their papers.
Now let me cite you to an instance, so that
you can see for yourself how much entirely
innocent benefit I get and procure out of
The Index.
On page 5, of the last issue for March, this
year, there is printed a letter from a Chinese
missionary. (Oh, how sweet it is to have a
good case of belly-ache about China!)
This letter purports to have been written
by Dr. W. T. Ayers. I have not the happi
ness of knowing this beloved Brother, and
regret, with considerable poignancy, my in
ability to add him to my favorite collection
of awesomely admired Doctors of Divinity.
The sole, single and solitary purpse and
intent of Dr. Ayers’ letter is, to prove that it
is all hunky dory, skuvee and Biblically
proper and decorous—not to say Christlike —
for missionaries in China to live in fine
h®uses, fare sumptuously every day, wear fine
linen, and be waited on by servants —while
Lazarus in America lies starving at our gates.
Well, sir. Dr. Ayers makes out his case to
the satisfaction of all concerned. Even the
wretched tribe of the American Lazarus must
salute the missionaries to China, and die in a
contented frame of mind :
“Missionaries! we who are to die, salute you!”
Dr. Ayers makes his argument in defense
of missionary sumptuosities, and The Index
indorses it.
And what is the defense?
That, the missionary were not served by
at least three servants, the Chinese would not
respect him!
My God!
And to think that this plea for priestly
ease and affluence is made by the men who
prate of “winning souls for Christ” —the
homeless, moneyless, single-garment Wander
er of Palestine!
And when I think of our Southern congre
gations, wherein the wives and the daughters,
who have to do all of their own household
drudgery, are preached at, and sung at, and
prayed at, to persuade them to furnish money
to keep up missionary living to the standard
of Chinese respect, the laughter dies on my
lips, and I grow hot with indignation.
Did Paul or Peter pay any attention to so
ciety standards in imperial Rome? Did not
the early missionaries win converts by con
trasting their own sanctified poverty to the
wealth and the finery of the pagan priest
hood ?
And, now, when the decadent successors of
Paul go to China, Korea or Japan, they must
be allowed to live in beautiful homes, dress
in costly raiment, and employ at least three
servants, to wait on them in the house, be
cause they would not otherwise be respected!
I wonder what some of our poor, hard
working country preachers will say to this.
Men and Brethren ! little by little we are
getting light. So blind are these one-idead
people that they have not yet begun to realize
how they give themselves away.
Bell and Graham had no conception of how
the astonishing letter of Dr. Avers could be
used against them—any more than Dr. Wake
field did when he made the horrible admis
sion concerning what “we missionaries” had
“known for a long time”.
What Every Southern State
Should Do
The 15th Amendment was neither submit
ted nor ratified as the Constitution provides.
Therefore, it is not law.
Each Southern State should pass an act of
the Legislature restricting the suffrage to
white adults who pay their taxes.
Uncle Sam couldn’t do a blessed thing.
He has a Race Question on his hands, out
West, and he dare not fight us on account of
the negro.
The Republicans are as sick and tired of
the greedy, insolent, encroaching negro poli
tician as we are.
If the South takes away his political priv
ileges, the North will follow suit.
The negro himself would be better off. for
one source of chronic trouble between him
and us would be removed.
What member of the Georgia Legislature
would introduce such a measure?
Who is it among them that wishes to en
dear himself to the people?
Who is it that is most zealous to serve his
country ?
Let The Jeffs hear from you. Solon!
Don't Buy Any Coca-Cola Stock!
Be careful, my son. There are a good
many rumors, reports, question marks, excla
mation points and ejaculatory phrases trav
elling about.
It comes to us, in a business way, that the
Coca-Cola folks and people are up against it.
Bishop Candler, preaching down here to
our Methodist friends, a few years ago, said
in substance, to the violators of the whiskey
law:
“You may trifle with and defeat your county
authorities and your State laws; but when Uncle
Sam gets after you, you’ve got to move—you
hear?”
The Bishop’s brother, nephew and other
kinnery are finding his statement a lamenta
ble truth. The United States Government is
after Asa & Co. with a sharp stick, concern
ing the sale of that hell-brew of theirs. It is
costing Asa piles of money to stay put.
Legislatures are showing signs of coming
to life; and Asa hears sounds which forerun
the storm.
Would he like to unload on that dear old
Donkey, the Public? Would he like to cash
in. and step from under?
Is he marketing shares of stock in a Per
cheron Stud Horse?
Probably—and. then again, perhaps.
A Fair Sample of Lon-Livingston
Editors
Following a crushing reply which my
young friend, W. H. Standford, made to an
attack me, the Livingston editors of a Con
yers paper placed the following comment :
“[The reply to our editorial from ‘Mr. Stan
ford being so wide of the mark and the things
he puts in our mouth being absolutely false, cou
pled together with the fact that writer of the
above being a very young student of Emory Col
lege, considerably under the voting age requires
no answer from us. When we wrote the edito
rial referred to by him w T e did it with the inten
tion of showing MEN WHO CAN VOTE how
things have been going and who the Democrats
are. Our time is too much taken up with more
important matters than arguing politics with
college students. —Editors.]”
The “Editors” are Lon Livingston Flowers
and Edwin Taylor—a very high and mighty
couple, indeed. Lon Livingston Flowers!
Oh, what a state of mind his parent must
have been in. when that name was chosen!
Why, why, WHY did it not occur to Flowers,
the father, to call his baby boy Daisy Flow
ers, or Fallow-field Flowers, or Wild-woods
Flowers, or Old-fashioned Flowers, or Hot
house Flowers, or Spring-time Flowers, or
Bees-wax Flowers?
Lon Livingston Flowers ! I guess the name
was selected in Alliance days, when old Lon
was denouncing National banks and railroads
clamoring for SSO per capita, Government
loans on land, and the Sub-treasury or some
thing better. Oh, what grand things Lon
meant to do. if the down-trodden farmers
only gave him a chance!
(continued on page thirteen)
PAGE NINE