PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
GLORY OF THE POPULIST.
The triumph of the Populist planks
draws near. At this hour it is merely
a question between the people and the
stand-patters; between the yeomen
and the marauders as to which shall
hold the point of vantage.
The Populist doctrine has been ac
cepted. Shall we now put the truth
discovered into practice, is the point
of issue. It is for this that the Popu
lists remain organized. It is for this
they are closing up the lines, and this
is the explanation for a larger Pop
ulist vote and the greater general in
terest in the welfare of the Populists
and their cause.
The principles have won. Every
plank is now ingrafted into the plat
forms of three political parties, and in
some instances into six. What better
evidence is there that the Populist
principles are desirable —that they are
true and lasting? Any man popular
with the people in any party is popu
lar because he advocates the Popu
list principles and popular only be
cause of this —not for intellect,
brilliancy or eloquence, but for his
steadfastness in Populism and for
Populism alone. The greater his Pop
ulism the greater his popularity. The
people believe as we believe and it is
now a rush of all parties to perform
some one or more great Populist per
formance that should be done.
Os all these parties the People’s
Party is the only party that leaves
nothing out. "While other parties take
one principle of the platform and
another party takes another princi
ple, the Populists take all —leave
nothing out and persist in pushing all
measures for the public benefit.
The Populist speeches made this
year go further and accomplish more
for the money expended by many
fold over any other efforts made by
the campaign oratory. The Populist
party this year will accomplish the
greatest results. The vote will be in
creased over 1904. They will elect
legislators and congressmen and se
cure electoral votes this time for their
candidates.
We predict that the Populists will
go down in history in the catalogue
of those who have been of the great
est service to the nation. They will
have more honor than the Abolition
ists who destroyed black slavery. They
have been the noblest monos our
time. No others in church or other
wise have been more devoted to the
common man and the common w’ealth.
Only within the past year have they
been understood. Every day they are
better understood. Every day gives
them greater esteem. —Daily News,
Joliet, 111.
BRYAN’S CAPITULATION.
The “tip” that Wall Street yester
day had that Mr. Bryan was to be
tame in his Carnegie Hall speech and
would refrain from saying anything
“objectionable,” was verified by the
event. Mr. Bryan, as far as he could
without too palpable a reversal of his
record, smirkingly invited the support
of elements that on other occasions he
has denounced as insidious enemies of
the republic, as conspirators against
the common welfare, as wretched
mammon seekers who, in defiance of
the law’s of both God and man, prey
upon the public.
Is the stock exchange objection
able? Is it the greatest gambling
house in the world? Bless you, no,
said Mr. Bryan last night. “We are
not even opposed to the exchange or
to the market,” he said —only to its
abuses. These abuses, he continued,
could be remedied without doing in
jury to any legitimate association.
The raw-meat followers of Bryan,
those who cheered him as he shouted
“Smash ’em!” may well ask if this is
Bryan that is talking or Grover
Cleveland.
Yesterday at his hotel Mr. Bryan
effusively welcomed Patrick H. Mc-
Carren, and was delighted -when that
distinguished enemy of the sugar trust
and the Standard Oil Company said
that he hoped to carry Brooklyn for
him. Tomorrow Mr. Bryan will di
vide his time between visits to Judge
Parker at Esopus and David Bennett
The Defeated.
Because it was good to be fighting, to put forth my strength,
To endeavor myself to the utmost, the failure at length
Is never less bitter and hard, or lighter to bear
Because all the glorious memories of battle I share
With the victors who pass me on horseback (good fellows who won!)
With stern, ardent faces fixed forward and fronting the sun.
No failure is comfortless, arid. When battle again
Is joined I shall fight all the harder—at last not in vain!
Though my courage was solid and speckless, my arm good before,
This pure bitterness strengthens and betters me; no failure more!
At last I shall win, and that victory pure shall redeem.
All the mighty lost effort and hope, all the disapproved dream.
And out of the depths of my knowledge of bitter defeat
I shall know to the utmost that minute how triumph is sweet.
—S. H. Kemper, in Metropolitan Magazine.
Hill at Wolfert's Roost. At one time
Mr. Bryan was exercised over the ex
istence of an “enemy’s country,” and
denounced its leaders. Judging from
his present association, like the cap
tain in the story, he can telegraph
back to his followers of the west, “I
have met the enemy and am his’n. ”
New York Globe.
DEMOCRATS STILL PLAYING FOR
NEGRO VOTES.
The Associated Press sen* out the
following dispatch from New York
Sunday night:
“Henry Watterson, of Kentucky,
editor of the Louisville Courier-Jour
nal, today gave out at the Democratic
National headquarters in this city an
advance copy of an address, v hi.;h is
to be issued by Bishop Alexander
Walters, of the African Methodist
Episcopal church to the col ) ed peop’e
of the country.”
The dispatch further states that
the address attacks President Roose
velt and Secretary Taft, and advises
the negroes to vote for Bryan.
Think of it! An exponent of South
ern Democracy in New York busy
sending out negro literature appeal
ing to the prejudice of the race in
Heffersoaian
order to get them to vote the Demo
cratic ticket this fall. The negroes
have been given to understand that
they shall have office and shall be
given recognition if they ■will only
vote for Bryan. It would seem that
the northern negroes would see that
they are only being used as a cat’s
paw to pull the chestnuts out of the
fire for Mr. Bryan and his camp fol
lowers. The surprising part of it is
that the Southern Democrats who
have always cursed the negro are now
in.the north cheek by jowl ■with the
negro, telling him they are his friends
and insisting that he vote the Demo
cratic ticket this fall. —The Caucasian
and Raleigh Enterprise, Ralegh, N. C.
WATSON WILL CARRY GEORGIA.
At the Denver convention the Geor
gia delegates refused to the last to
support Bryan, and predicted that Mr.
Watson would get the electoral vote
of the state of Georgia, and every
. thing now looks like such prediction
would come true. The people are
turning out in multitudes to Mr. Wat-
son’s meetings, and the democratic
press of the state, formerly very hos
tile to Mr. Watson, are not fighting
him, and some of them are predicting
that he will carry the state. Dr. De-
Barr, who is home from a trip through
the Carolinas and Tennessee, says
that he was surprised to find so
many men in those states predicting
that Mr. Watson would carry Geor
gia.
It does not surprise us, for the At
lanta Constitution some time ago pre
dicted that Mr. Watson would poll
this year the biggest vote ever polled
by the People’s Party. Mr. Watson’s
biggest vote will be in the southern
states. —The People’s Voice, Norwood,
Okla.
The Rule or Ruin Hearst’s League
campaign should run smooth enough,
as Bill’s best man is a manufacturer
of axle grease.—Free Press, San Ber
nardina, Calif.
When Little Joe Brown gets through
with Yancey Carter in the general
election this fall, there won’t be
enough left to say decent grace over
the political remains of the latter can
didate.—Cordele, Ga., Sentinel.
SAFETY ON RAILROADS.
The monetary interest is sending
out cards claiming that they are not
making money enough to justify
putting roads in condition for
safety.
We have a proposition that we
think will settle that trouble. It is
to make the management at the top
responsible for. every one killed by
the roads unless they can prove it
was not caused by their neglect to
have proper and sufficient road and
equipment.
Then they can have their option to
turn the roads over to the people
(that means the government) or pay
the penalty. In the same mail that
came our card about safety and more
money came the announcement of the
death of a railroad man who had
accumulated six million dollars.
While the managers and manipu
lators are becoming millionaries is a
poor time to claim they cannot keep
the roads up to the safety mark. But
the simple truth is that no people
ought to allow their roads to be
owned by private persons any more
than the air or water. —Looking Glass,
Monroe, Platte Co. (Neb.).
We picked up the Commoner, and
an advertisement from an Oklahoma
bank, asking the readers of the Com
moner to deposit their money in their
institutions, when the “deposits with
us are as safe as United States bonds,
and you can draw your money on de
mand.” They offer 4 per cent on all
deposits. Now, what do you think of
that?' Do you really, down deep in
your heart, think that banking is on
a safe basis, where they can offer 4
per cent on call deposits? We don’t.
The “guarantee” lays down the
bars to speculation of all kinds. It’s
one of those “get rich quick”
schemes that the people will reap
bye and bye. It’s a scheme to rake
in the people’s money and tax the
people to pay the losses that are
bound to accrue through the reckless
handling of the people’s money by
bankers who are unscrupulous. And
the ranks of the banking fraternity
will be largely recruited by that class
of men, who ■will see the easy graft
thrown open to them. No, there is
danger ahead for this system of
finance, danger of the worst kind.—
The Gentry Sentinel, Gentry, Mo.
No true southern man can endorse
the way the democratic national cam
paign committee is courting the ne
groes in the close Northern states, in
older to get their votes. Most people
down South endorse the dismissal of
the negro soldiers stationed at Browns
ville, and the methods used by- the
democratic campaign committee to
sympathize with the negroes and
foment prejudice against Taft and
Roosevelt over the dismissal are very
disreputable and hypocritical.—The
Pioneer xponent, Comanche (Tex.).
A ancey Carter will probably get
300 or 400 votes.in Georgia.—South
Georgia Home.