you sent me, I am sending you one
subscription.
Think I will send some more in a
few days.
Please send the weekly (and knife
as premium) to J. H. Page, Soperton,
Ga., R. F. D. No. 3.
With the greatest regards, I am,
Yours very truly,
GEO. A. THOMPSON.
Swainsboro, Ga.
Answer.
I am not sure that my old friend,
George Thompson, intended his ques_
tions to be printed, and answered
through the paper; but, upon reflec
tion, there would seem to be no good
reason against publicity.
In October, 18,76, George Thomp
son and I were plowing in oats for
his father, in Screven County. I en
joyed it, hugely. Had been to col
lege, but had not contracted any dis
taste for honest work. Would rather
mount a mule, right now, and ride to
the field, and earn my living at the
tail-end of that much-abused and
much-mortgaged animal, than to loaf
on the streets, or amass millions on
Coca-Cola, or be hired to write things
that I did not believe in myself.
Previous to plowing in those oats,
George and I, assisted by the girls,
his sisters, had reaped Uncle Jimmy
Thompson’s crop of upland rice. O!
it was big fun. George and I did the
sickling, and the girls did the binding.
I guess we sang, as well as laughed,
during those sunny days of the Long
Ago. How does it go?
“I’ll be the Reaper,
If you’ll be the Binder,
I’ve lost my True Lover,
And where shall I find her?”
(Like the roses and snow-dr»*t«
of other years, gone forever are the
Old Times, and the girls and the boys
that joined the play.)
Was out of money, you see, and
had to go to work. The wages paid
me were, as I remember, $8 per
month. Had closed my school, but
had not cleared any money on it.
Right here let me say a word on
that Sally Parrish-Mrs. Kennedy con
troversy. I never lived with the half
cropper or tenant; but two years of
my life were spent in the homes of
the small-farm proprietors, whose
boys and girls “went to the fields.”
As a boarder, sleeping with the boys
and meeting the other members of
the family on the most familiar foot
ing, I came to know the inside facts
about these people. It would be base
in me, if I did not testify, most em
phatically, to the purity of their
home-life. Never have I breathed a
healthier moral atmosphere. Never
have I seen such unpretending piety.
Never have I read of a higher stand
ard of living. Every pair of parents
in the homes where I boarded, were
most earnest and unremitting in the
determination to make good women
out of their girls; and good men out
of their boys. In the Thompson
home, the Bible was regularly read;
family prayers, regularly said;
church meetings, regularly attended;
and no idling about, or gadding
around, or loose talk, or trashy-novel
reading were tolerated.
In the homes of those who were
not so religious as the Thompson’s,
the moral standard was every bit as
high.
George Thompson was my room
mate and bedfellow; and during the
months that he and I were sleeping
together, never a thought entered my
head that he was not a thorough
gentleman. And every morning he
was out and ready for manual labor,
before sun-up. \
(You ought to hear him tell how
I used to sit up all night, reading a
book. Yes; I did that, in those
days, and for several years after
wards, but now I’ve reformed.)
But to come to George’s questions:
(1) The Stoneman of “The Clans
man” is Thad Stevens. Dixon took
the liberty of making Thaddeus a
widower, with a pretty daughter;
but, in fact, he was an old bachelor
who lived with a mulatto woman.
C 2) As to the little parson call
ing in the Big Ike, I’m not sure of
my ground. A variety of motives
may be assigned. The local preach
er calls in the Big Ike probably for
the purpose of drawing a large au
dience, reviving the drooping spirit
of his church, stimulating contribu
tions, complimenting the Big Ike,
and, perhaps, courting favor with the
powers that be.
Conferences and Associations are
just human, you know. Lots of poli
tics in them —lots and cords. Cer
tain fellows get all the plums: cer
tain other fellows get all the crumbs.
(3) As to the modern doctors:
medical science has made enormous
advances during the last decade or
so; but when a fledgling graduate
goes out to practise, he has much to
learn.
The most eminent oculist of the
last generation once confessed, that
he had ruined “a hatful of eyes”, be
fore learning how to treat the dis
eases of the organ.
That was rough on the people
whose eyes went into the hat; but
the oculist stated a truth which ap
plies, more or less, to all profes
sions.
Just as the greatest of lawyers ex
tract wisdom from their own mis
takes, so it is with doctors.
The mistake of a lawyer means
that some man loses a horse, a sum
of money, or a piece of land. The
mistake of a doctor often means
crepe on the front door, and broken
hearts within the house.
The pity of it is, that most people
have no way of learning, beforehand,
which doctor is the right one, for
that particular case.
The other day, Parson J. C. Ad
ams, of Mesena, Georgia, was at my
house, accompanied by a lovely, and
only, daughter. Looking upon the
little one, fondly, he remarked to
me:
“We thought she was dead when
she was born. Our old family physi
cian pronounced her lifeless. But
we had called in a young doctor, also,
and the young man differed from his
senior. He went vigorously to work
on the babe, and, after twenty min
utes, signs of life appeared.”
So, you see, you never can tell. A
doctor may treat one case with brill
iant success, and utterly botch an
other.
Don’t grieve over the lost one, old
friend. The world is increasingly
difficult to live in; and we don’t get
very much out of life. T. E. W.
LOCAL FARMERS’ UNIONS!
Don’t you think that Duckworth
owes it to the Union to answer those
questions? POP IT TO HIM IN
YOUR RESOLUTIONS.
Jeffersonian
GOING AFTER CHRISTIAN INDEX.
Dear Mr. Editor: —Please note
clipping attached, “Baptists, What
Think You of This?” and tell an
humble subscriber what has come
over the Baptist love of fair play, as
shown in your refusal to let the
brethren hear both sides of the For
eign Mission question. If Watson is
wrong let us hear his side. We will
then be stronger missionaries. If
there is nothing in his charges we
might think there is, from your ap
parent wish to keep your subscribers
from reading his views. We might
even think you were afraid for the
brethren to suppose there is but one
side to the question. I have been a
contributor to all missions twenty
five years, and wish to know all I
can as to what is done with my con
tributions, modest though they be.
I therefore politely ask you to in
form your subscribers why you de
ny them the privilege of reading Mr.
Watson’s views (I understand he is
a Baptist). After seriously consider
ing my duty I have decided that the
poor of my neighborhood (there are
many of them) —the orphans here
and at the home —and other calls
for domestic charity shall have the
contributions for so long a time sent
to foreigners, who doubtless are less
needy than my own race—my neigh
bors. Please discontinue my sub
scription. Respectfully,
S. I. SHEATS.
BUY YOUR MAGAZINES THROUGH
Walker’s Magazine Agency
AUGUSTA, GEORGIA
Our Fifty-page Club Rate Catalogue is now ready.
IT’S FREE! A postal will bring it to your door.
The following are a few of our sample offers:
American Both One Year Hampton's 1 Both
Cosmopolitan j $1.50 Woman’s Home Comp. J $2.00
Uncle Remus D ~ v Surrm t
Watson’s Magazine 0 ear Woman’s Home Comp. -
or Weekly McClure’s )
H«u r s ikeeper ieW I Al ' Ladies’ Home Journal - SI.SO
Home Needlework J ’ Saturday Evening Post - $1.50
Be sure to patronize the South’s Leading Magazine Sub
scription Agency. Careful attention paid to all orders,
whether large or small. Magazines sent to any address,
and mailed direct to the subscriber from the publisher.
WALKER’S MAGAZINE AGENCY, Augusta, Ga.
ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS FOR TEN STALKS OF COTTON.
Did your land produce a satisfactory yield of cotton in 1909? Do you want to
know how to double your yield without increasing- the cost of cultivation or fer
tilization FREE? Do you wish to know how to, plant and how and when to fer
tilize for best results? Do you want to know how to guard against disease,
drouth, insects and disaster? Do you want to know frequently the true condi
tions of the growing crop during 1910; the conditions in the spinning centers and
the probable size of the 1910 crop and the best time to sell, to insure the highest
price? We are also offering ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS FOR TEN STALKS OF
COTTON GROWN IN 1910. Do you want that ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS? Send
postal card with name and address and we will tell you about cotton-growing,
and the ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS. References: Georgia National Bank, Athens,
Ga.; American National Bank, Atlanta, Ga.; Merchants and Planters Bank, Griffin.
Ga.; R. G. Dun Mercantile Agency, and The Bradstreet Co.. Atlanta, Ga.
HENRY S. REED & CO., 76 Walton St., Atlanta, Ga.
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
SO CENTS FOR 20 NAMES
Send me 20 cents and names and postoffices of 20 farmers and I’ll
send you for two years the Illinois Farmer, big semi-monthly (big
Women’s, Fashions and Children’s departments). Regular subscrip
tion price 50 cents a year.
JOHN M. STAHL, Publisher, 1 J. P. Sta., Chicago.
POULTRY TONIC.
Mr. N. L. Webb, of Lamasco,
Texas, has perfected a poultry tonic,
which makes hens lay all the year
round, the same as in spring. He
claims that this can be used at a cost
of only three cents for each fifty
hens, and he offers to convince any
one of the truth of this statement by
sending them a free trial. Write to
him and inclose a stamp.
SAVE MONEY ON MAGAZINES
SPECIAL OFFER
Watson's Magazine for 1910,
The Jeffersonian (52 issues), and
the Woman’s Home Companion,
all for $2.25, to one or separate
addresses.
McClure’s, Review of Reviews,
Woman’s Home Companion, $6.00,
for $3.50, to one or separate ad
dresses. We have over 2,000 of
fers. Price-list free. Write to
day.
NATIONAL SUBSCRIPTION
AGENCY, Buffalo, N. Y.
OR HH IN Send name and address
UuiUU ’ UMOlii o f some acquaintance
who contemplates attending' business
college and receive 85.00 CASH. For inf oi mation
write Southern Shorthand & Business University,
75 South Forsyth Street, Atlanta, Ga.
Bloodless Method of Treating Cancer
We make a specialty of treating and
curing external cancer. Have you one,
or do you know a friend who has one?
If so, write us. NO CURE NO PAY.
Scientific remedy in scientific hands.
No operation, no loss of blood. Can re
fer you to many cases cured and now
well. NO FAILURE.
DRS. MATTHEWS & KING,
P. O. Box 9K. Quitman, Ga.
PAGE SEVEN