PAGE EIGHTEEN
A Review of Some Socialist “Stunts”,—Socialism
I II
and the Negro Come Together
No cat-house in the Bowery slums
ever witnessed such a sight as was
recently witnessed in the fashionable
circles of New York city, when white
girls dressed decollete, and “nigger”
wenches, dressed the same, sat at the
feast with buck niggers and squaw
men from among the ultra-fashion
able female bauds of the Empire City.
The New York World, in its issue
of May Ist, telling the story—a col
umn in length—says the meeting,
called the Cosmopolitan Society of
Greater New York, did a stunt
which has stirred the country from
one end to the other, and then pro
ceeds to explain in this wise:
“The startling solution of the race
question intermarriage, regardless
of color—exploited at the banquet of
the Cosmopolitan Society of Greater
New York, in Peck’s restaurant, on
Fulton street, Monday night, has be
come a subject of comment through
out the United States.
“That such a revolutionary idea
should be launched in an assemblage
where white girls and women, many
of them of social prominence, were
squeezed between ebony-skinned ne
groes in a little dining-hall, was not
the least amazing feature of the en
tertainment.
“Among the white men present
who waxed enthusiastic over the
ideal state of intermarriage between
WHITES and BLACKS as the true
solution of the race question were
Oswald G. Villard, editor of The
New York Evening Post, a son of
Henry G. Villard and grandson of
William Lloyd Garrison; William
H. Farris, a negro graduate of Har
xard; Edward C. Walker, president
of the Sunrise Club; Dr. John A.
Morgan, a West Indian, and Hamil
ton Holt, editor of The Independent.
Mr. Holt was responsible for launch
ing the blending of caste propa
ganda.”
Think of Villard, an editor of a
responsible newspaper, mixing with
this crowd of Socialists and free love
votaries. Think of Editor Holt, of
The Independent, standing up with
the brazen effrontery of a pimpled
pimp, and advocating the intermar
riage of buck niggers and chaste and
virtuous women. When this imbecile
launched his lustful dream, as he
gazed upon the voluptuous form of a
“nigger” wench who cast goo-goo”
eyes at him and smelled the “nigger”
a»d looked the “nigger” above the
dashes of imported perfumery with
which she had doubtless drenched
herself, stood there proclaiming that
there must be amalgamation, it was
well for his worthless carcass that
no son of the South was there or else
he would have been torn to pieces
limb from limb.
For the giggling, half-witted, half
formed bits of feminine idiocy which
chattered at the festive board, no
alarm need be entertained. No vir
tuous-minded woman would advocate
what those women advocated, and
their virtue, if it still exists, is the
fault of the buck niggers they de
fended. But what about the other
people there, the names of well
known citizens who took part in this
startling and astounding procedure?
The World continues its narrative in
this fashion:
“The seating arrangements at the
banquet were in harmony with the
color scheme that burst forth in the
irnpassioned„speeches of Mr. Holt, Mr.
Villard and Miss Mary Whit Oving
ton, a Brooklyn society girl, whose
father is proprietor of the St. George
Hotel in that borough. Miss Oving
ton was the only white woman at the
speaker’s table.
"The Rev. Madison C. Peters was
invited to speak, but when he arrived
in the dining-hall he suddenly re
membered a more urgent call to de
liver an address at another prandial
function where the seating arrange
ment was not so unusual.
“At a table, about which were
grouped a dozen white girls, clad
in shimmering gowns, sat Captain
A. H. Thompson, a negro, who com
manded a negro regiment in the
Spanish-American war, occupying a
post of honor between two white
girls from Greenpoint, Miss Isabelle
Baton and Miss Martha Doolittle.
“At the same table sat Mrs. J. W.
Gates and her sixteen-year-old daugh
ter, Bessie, the young girl radiant in
a blue creation of filmy material and
slightly decolette. It was announc
ed by one of the officers of the Cos
mopolitan Society that the Gates
were prominent, socially, in Seattle,
and that the young girl was in the
East to study art.
Society Women Among Negroes.
“Dr. John A. Morgan, the West
Indian, whose skin was blacker than
that of any other person present, sat
beside Mrs. A. Stirling, who was con
spicuous among a group of ten niggers
—men and women. Her husband sat
at the same table. Miss Marie Per
rin, one of the young white women
at the table with Captain Thompson,
the dashing young infantryman, sat
close to Miss Martha Thompson, a
negro girl, distantly related to Cap
tain Thompson, Dr. O. M. Waller, a
negro, who is Secretary of the Cos
mopolitan Society, presiding.
“But the attention of the diners
was not focused on the white men
and women altogether. The mana
ger of the banquet called attention
to Miss Anna Allen, a ‘wealthy color
ed lady, of Brooklyn, who owns many
houses, not tenements, either.’ Miss
Allen wore white plumes and bril
liant diamond ear pendants.
“The purpose of the Cosmopolitan
Society is to solve the equality of the
race problem. Editor Holt was vo
ciferously applauded for saying:
‘Conditions are going to get worse in
the South before they get better.
When the colored people get edu
cated the whites in the South will
have to recognize them as their
equals. • What must the remedy be?
Intermarriages, if continued long
enough, would solve the race prob
lem. To let things remain as they
are is unsatisfactory. Deportation is
impossible. Then it must be amal
gamation and education.’
“Sit Closer,’’ Said White Girls.
“After the furor of applause that
greeted Mr. Holt had died away the
names of Roosevelt, Taft and Bryan
were mentioned amid groans. SO
CIALISM WAS ACCLAIMED. When
Miss Ovington was called upon to
speak she said; ‘Move your chairs
closer together and 'get up closer.’
The suggestion was eagerly obeyed
by the nigger ‘ partners of the white
girls. When the rustling of chairs
had subsided Miss Ovington went on:
‘I am very glad I have been asked
to welcome you in behalf of the Cos
mopolitan Club. We hope to have
many such clubs soon. Caste spirit
is not a radical matter, but relates
to men and women of this repub
lic. I like to think we are going to
eat with and stand up for our color
♦ ed brothers and sisters wherever we
can. I believe it would be a terrible
state of affairs when the negro gives
up any rights as a man. He should
never be satisfied until his equality
is recognized.’ Mr. Villard followed
Miss Ovington with: ‘The spirit of
caste is the most dangerous thing
'that can threaten the land, particu
larly a democratic form of govern
ment. We stand in the country for
equality, equality of rights and liber
ties and do as we see fit. It is a
question as to whether one believes
in Christ or not.’ Other speakers,
among them negroes, spoke in the
same vein.”
The above makes the blood chill;
it staggers reason and causes the
man who loves the sanctity of home
to shudder in trembling fear—fear
that such meetings by the lascivious
Jeffersonian
and lustful North will fire the negro’s
soul with pride and cause us of the
South to burn a few more at the
stake. In the name of a good God,
why do they want to fill Sambo’s mind
with such pictures? Why do they
want to take that poor being and
make him think that his dream of
social equality may come true? Why
will the law suppress the utterances
of Anarchists and allow these blath
erskites to poison the mind of a race
of people that God made lower thafn
the white man, and which the white
man intends to keep in its place?
Why will people of intelligence give
aid to the SOCIALISTS who are out
with the propaganda of SOCIAL
STRIFE and VENEREAL SIN?
Take it home. Take it seriously.
Here is your SOCIALISM.
The World says SOCIALISM was
applauded and acclaimed, teaching to
your young daughter—your pure
young daughter—that she should up
lift and marry the first buck negro
who comes her way. And when the
buck negro thinks this is true, if he
can’t marry the girl he will ravish
her, as he has done a thousand times
in this fair Southland; as he has
done at the North and West. And
then like a pack of hounds from hell
the white men set upon him; burn
him at the stake; tear his burning
flesh from his cracking bones and
riddle his body with bullets from
a thousand pistols, and the guilty
ones, the ones w’ho really incited the
wretched brute to his deed of vio
lence was the SOCIALIST PARTY
sending out from New- York and its
Cosmopolitan Club the word that the
negro was the equal of the girl he
ravished, and white -women and
white men telling him so, and in
sisting that amalgamation of the
races is the only solution of the race
problem! Get this idea into your
heads, oh, fathers and mothers of
the South and West. Understand
that such meetings as described by
The World place your daughter in
jeopardy; place her life in danger,
and incite the negro brute to de
scend upon her; take her defense
less body to satisfy his bestial de
sires. And this is SOCIALISM!
This is what they are hoping for in
the end when that great dream of
brotherhood of man comes true.
There isn’t a man south of the Ma
son and Dixon line whose blood has
not run riot as he read the statement
of fearful facts from the New York
paper. Every self-respecting and
God-fearing man in Dixie, and w r e
C A. S H Twenty-five Dollars
-! Ten Dollars
PRIZES nve Dollars
For largest list of subscriptions and renewals to WATSON’S MAG
AZINE or THE JEFFERSONIAN, January 6 to February 28, we will
give first prize of TEN DOLLARS, and second prize of FIVE DOLLARS.
Another contest will start on March 1 and run to April 15, when
we will distribute another FIFTEEN DOLLARS to our two best agents.
In addition to these prizes, we will give TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS
in cash to the agent who sends in the largest number of subscriptions
and renewals between January 6 and April 15, and other prizes of books
or money to the three agents who send in the next largest lists.
Open to all agents, Write for particulars. Full commission al
lowed.
Remember that all subscriptions and renewals must be taken at the
full regular price. No cut rates allowed.
Ttie Jeffersonians
THOMSON, GA., JANUARY 1, 1910.
dare say in the great wide West,
would feel honored—highly honored
—to preside as master of ceremonies
at a lynching to send to hell over the
faggot route the ones who conceived
the damnable plot that was carried
out in Peck’s restaurant.
No matter what kind of fuzzy
wuzzies they were—they were of
enough importance to get a men
tion in all the newspapers of Ameri
ca. They stood up and belched
forth their infernal doctrine of free
love and negro marriage with a sub
lime effrontery—and white women,
dressed in low-neck dresses, sat
there and allowed the buck “nig
gers” to squeeze them, so close did
they sit together. And to cap the
climax, the unblushing and brazen
Miss Ovington boldly said she was
glad to eat with and stand up for
her colored brother. We do not
know anything more about Miss
Ovington, and God knows we shall
not seek any further information.
Without wanting to be classed as
an alarmist; without wanting to ex
cite any of the peaceful people of the
South or West, we are going to ad
vise parents to be on their guard. If
this sort of thing is allowed to con
tinue; if these meetings are to be
come regular and frequent, every son
must prepare to protect the defense
less womanhood of the South. For
just so sure as a yellow dog has fleas;
just as certain as a nigger stinks;
just as sure as kerosene will satu
rate and matches burn faggots care
fully prepared, there will be some
thing doing down this way. When
white poeple, no matter if they are
so brazen as to appear half-dressed,
meet in a crowded restaurant and
voice such views as those held up by
this Cosmopolitan Society, and given
a hearing by the American press,
they have sown seeds in the thick
head of Sambo that will germinate
and mean his ultimate destruction.
The negro must have a care. He
must understand now and forever
that no such things as suggested by
the Villards, Holts and Ovingtons
will go. He must understand—once
and forever —that so long as the
white man has left in his veins the
rich, red blood that made him free,
he will not submit to the proposition
of intermarriage—he will not toler
ate buck niggers in his front parlor
—he will not submit to impudence
or insolence from him, and, above all,
if he dreams of social equality and
attempts to make his dream come
true he -will take his next meal in
hell, where the victuals are never
cold. I will have to close, my let
ter is getting too long.
Yours for a complete exposure of
the damnable doctrines of SOCIAL
ISM.
J. H. DAVIS, M. D.,
—ln Dodson (La.), Times.