PAGE TWELVE
BRYANITES AND NIGGERITES.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
THE SOUTH HAS A RIGHT TO
KNOW.
r,
Is it HONEST, in Bryan, to allow the
negro leaders to support him upon the
ground that he will either combat the
Southern disfranchisement laws, or will
favor the cutting down of Southern rep
resentation in Congress?
What evidence has Bryan given to
these negroes which convinces them that
he sides with them on these vital matters?
The question is a fair one, gentlemen,
and IT MUST BE MET.
You are sitting still, uttering no word
of protest, while Bryan is niggerizing the
Democratic party. Speak out, gentlemen I
The Cosmopolitan Club of New York
has for its purpose the practice of Social
Equality and of intermarriage between
negroes and white people. They gave a
banquet, a few months ago, at which ne
gro men sat down to eat and drink with
white women. They are to give another
such banquet in October.
THE SECRETARY OF THIS SO
CIAL EQUALITY CLUB IS OUT
MAKING SPEECHES FOR MR.
BRYAN.
*
The Rev. Dr. Corrothers, negro divine
of eminent respectability, is likewise out
making speeches for Bryan. To his au
dience of negroes in Washington, D. C.,
the Reverend Doctor declared:
“LET US VOTE FOR MR. BRYAN,
A MAN WHO WILL ENFORCE THE
14TH AND 15TH AMENDMENTS.”
And the audience roared with enthusi
astic approval.
HOW LONG WILL IT BE BEFORE
SOUTHERN DEMOCRATS COMPEL
MR. BRYAN TO REPUDIATE THE
SUPPORT OFFERED TO HIM ON
THOSE GROUNDS?
* * H
What the Cotton Spinners Ought
To Do.
William Randolph Hearst, in his New
York American, severely condemns those
who seek to put up the price of cotton.
William contends that high-price cotton
means high-price clothing for “poor wo
men and children.’’ William thinks that
low-price cotton-, means cheap cotton
goods.
At least he pretends that he does.
Yet nearly everybody knows that the
cotton grower sells the raw cotton in
competition with all the cotton-growing
regions of the world, whereas the Ameri
can spinner—guarded from foreign com
petition by the tariff —controls the output
of cotton goods AND THUS CON
TROLS THE PRICE.
This is the reason why cotton goods
do not go down, as cotton goes down.
This 1 * is why the manufactured product is
dear when the raw staple is cheap.
The manufacturers ought to materially
THE JEFERSONIAN.
cut the price of cloth and thus enable
people to buy their goods. This would
relieve the spinners of their congested
stocks, would; increase the demand for
cotton goods, would create a larger mar
ket for cotton, and thus benefit grower,
spinner and consumer.
Why won’t the manufacturers do it?
Partly because it is against the prin
ciple of any Trust to act humanely, and
partly because the spinners are not wil
ling to lower their profits to something
reasonable.
The Peedee Cotton Mills, of Rocking
ham, N. C., have made a clear profit of
40 per cent for the last ten years. A cer
tain lady of that State was presented
with stock in the Peedee Mills of the par
value of SI,OOO. This was ten years ago.
She has annually received her dividend
of 40 per cent upon the stock. She has
declined an offer of $4,000 for her stock.
The cotton growers and the purchasers
of cotton goods have poured into the
Peedee Mills such enormous earnings
'that after paying salaries, repairs, taxes,
insurance, etc., the investment has been
quadrupled, besides yielding 40 per cent,
yearly, to the holder of the stock.
These facts were given The Jefferson
ian by Mr. D. C. Stainback, brother of
the lady to yvhom the stock was pre
sented.
How was this inequitable profit made
by the Peedee Mills?
THEY PAID THE FARMER TOO
LITTLE FOR HIS COTTON, AND
THEY CHARGED THE CONSUM
ERS TOO MUCH FOR THE CLOTH.
Mr. Hearst should turn his guns upon
the Cotton Goods Trust. The robber
combine should be broken up by putting
cotton goods on the free list.
•5 *
A RARE OPPORTUNITY
for twenty young men of moderate means to
secure a good education. Those who would
like to avail themselves of an opportunity of
this kind should write at once to Claude Gray,
President, Locust Grove Institute, Locust
Grove, Ga.
This Year Will Make History
For or Against the Farmers
The panic brought on last fall by the combined money interests was but the first great
battle against organized labor, the Farmers’ Union being the chief object of attack.
If you are a farmer you are vitally interested in this great combat.
The paper which is the recognized champion of the hosts of organized farmers is The
National Co-operator and Farm Journal, It has been removed from Dallas to Ft. Worth,
Texas, and is published under the direction of the State Farmers’ Union of Texas, and is
also recognized as the official journal of the organization generally.
The National Co-operator has correspondents in every state where there is an organiza
tion of farmers, and if you want to keep posted on the movement and also the movements of
the opposition, you can not afford to miss an issue.
Subscription SI.OO per year, but it is worth twenty times the price. AGENTS WANTED.
The National Co-Operator Fort Worth, Texas
A BRIEF ACCOUNT OF THE ROYSTON
RALLY.
Before the largest- and most enthusiastic
audience of people ever assembled in Royston
to greet a public speaker, Hon. T. E. Watson,
Populist Candidate for President, delivered a
great speech Thursday. Mr. Watson arrived
on the 9 o ’clock train Thursday morning and
was met at the train by the Mayor of the
City, together with a committee of tweiity
citizens composed of the best business men and
leading men of the City and section. In
addition to the committee several hundred
people met him as he alighted from the train;
Tn the carriage accompanying Mr. Watsoii
‘to the speaker’s stand in the beautiful grove
on College Heights, was Mayor F. B. Doyle,
W. M. Bowers. Chairman of the reception
committee, and Col. T. G. Dorough. On each
side of the carriage were four beautiful little
girls bearing large flags of the Stars and
Stripes. Hundreds followed in every kind of
conveyance and on foot. This procession drove
through the main streets of the City which
was draped everywhere in the National colors.
Thousands had already gone on to the grove
in order to get seats. When Mr. Watson arrived
he was conducted to the platform by the re
ception committee, and as they walked down
the aisle the band played “Dixie,” and the
assembled thousands cheered the distinguished
visitor to the echo. Immediately after the
tumultuous cheering had subsided, Mayor
Doyle arose and said:
“As mayor I extend to the distinguished
speaker and his friends a cordial welcome to
the city of Royston. No matter what our poli
tics are, we must all feel a pride in the fact
that Mr. Watson is a patriotic, native-born
Georgian, an honest man, eminent citizen, and
a statesman who feels keenly, thinks deeply,
writes trenchantly and speaks boldly. He then
presented T. G. Dorough, Esq., who introduced
Mr. Watson in the following eloquent words:
Friends: Long ago our pilgrim fathers,
tired of oppression in the old world, hailed
with delight the news that a new world had
been discovered. “This shall be our home!”
cried the victims of a cruel and relentless