PAGE FOURTEEN
THE IGNORANCE OF THE WISE
ONES.
It is not often that the Literary
Digest goes far wrong in its summing
up of conditions or measures, but,
like some other able and conservative
journals, when it does publish false
conclusions, the result is all the more
harmful. The following from a recent
issue of the Digest has gone the
rounds of some of the papers and is
calculated to convey the idea of
failure upon the part of the organized
farmers, which is wholly the reverse
of the facts. It says:
(l Because cotton leads all crops in
our export trade and brings back to
this country more money than any
other one commodity, interest in the
government reports is not confined to
the ‘cotton belt.’ According to the
first estimates for the year, as issued
last week by the department of agri
culture, the condition of the crop on
May 25 was 9.2 per cent better than
that revealed on the same date a
year ago, and the number of acres
under cultivation had increased by
21,000. While the increase in acreage
is very slight—about one-tenth of one
per cent —it at least shows, as a num
ber of papers point out, that the
recent campaign for a 25 per cent
reduction in acreage in order to .in
crease the price of cotton did not
make many converts among the
farmers. ’ ’
Taking the government’s estimate
as correct, which all deny who are
familiar with conditions in the South,
and the natural increase in cultivated
lands is not at all taken into account.
In the entire South there was, accord
ing to the estimate, 21,000 acres
increase in cotton acreage. There is
no accurate data at hand, but it is
a conservative estimate that Texas
alone increased her acreage in culti
vated lands this year not less than ten
times this amount.
Oklahoma was not far behind,
and there was some increase in
all the states. Had this increase
in acreage been proportioned between
cotton and other crops, as it has been
until the past three years, the increase
in acreage would have been between
ten and twenty per cent increase in
stead of one-tenth of 1 per cent. So,
instead of there being a reduction in
cotton acreage of somewhere between
ten and twenty per cent, and the
“campaign for a twenty-five per cent
reduction in acreage” was not a fail
ure. The spinners know this and the
speculator know it, but as long as
the business world generally is kept
in ignorance of it, that long will it
be easier to separate the staple from
the farmers at less than cost of pro
duction. Hence it is all the more
unfortunate that great magazines will
take such a superficial view of con
ditions and then make up their judg
ment with absolute certainty and yet
as surely incorrect. —Texas Farmer.
Yancey Carter talks as if he will
support Bryan electors. He evidently
doesn’t want to throw his vote away
on Hisgen and Graves. Neither do the
people want to throw their vote away
on Yancey.—Marietta (Ga.) Journal.
Tell a Friend About It.]
If you have neighbors who are ailing In any way,
show them the Vitae-Ore advertisement on the
back page of this paper. They can try it without
a penny risk and you will be doing them a big
favor .when it helps them.
Say, Mr. Farmer!
Never before in the history of our
country has there been a time when
scientific farming received more at
tention than it is receiving at the
present time. It behooves every man
selecting farming as an occupation to
avail himself of every opportunity to
keep abreast of the time. It is also
necessary for his wife to know the
“ins and outs” of her department—the
home —in order that both may work
systematically. It is every man’s
duty to post himself in all the differ
ent features of farm life and to do so
he must have the right kind of litera
ture. His wife must also have some
thing for her department, and to
these ends the Texas Farmer, a week
ly larm journal, stands without a peer.
This journal should go into every far
mer’s home every week. For the pur
pose of putting it there we are going
to make an unheard of offer, an offer
that will not hold good after October 1
because the price and what we offer is
too ridiculously low for us to continue
it and make good.
We will send the Texas Farmer and
the National Home Journal, both, one
year for 95 cents; the publishers’ price
being $1.50. As an inducement for you
to hurry in your subscription we will
give to each of the first 7,000 sub
scribers one share in a well we are
going to bore for oil in an oil district
on on a 2,000 acre lease. If we get oil,
both the lease and the well will belong
absolutely to these 7,000 subscribers
and will mean at least one or two
thousand dollars to each of them.
If the oil is found to exist in paying
quantities a company will then be or
ganized by us and each subscriber is
to pay in sll more. One of which is
to go to us for our part in carrying
the proposition through to a success
ful issue, and the other ten is to go
into the treasury of tne new com
pany for developing purposes; in other
words, to bore more wells on the lease
and conduct the business of the com
pany in general. The well does not
cost cue subscribers one cent. We are
depositing with the First State Bank
of Dallas, to the credit of a trustee, 35
cents out of the amount received from
every subscriber for the purpose of
boring the well. If we get oil, and
we are going to bore in an oil district,
each subscriber’s share will be worth
one or two thousand dollars and he
will not then mind paying in the
other sll which will develop it and
make it worth much more to him.
REMEMBER, WE ARE AFTER
THESE 7,000 SUBSCRIBERS AND
WANT THEM WITHIN THE NEXT
SIXTY DAYS and will send these
papers at this price until October 1 in
effort to get them by that time if
possible. Don’t lose any time study
ing over the matter, as the well does
not cost you one cent unless we get
oil, and if we do strike it just sll is
all it will cost you afterward. Only
one share is allowed to one person,
which makes it a “square deal” for all
alike. Hurry in your subscription to
day and both the papers will be sent
you for one year and also a certificate
f-" your share In the well. Send
money by any safe means, but no pri
vate checks will be accepted unless
ten cents Is added for collection.
Hurry up and get in on time.
SMITH’S CO-OPERATIVE AGENCY,
Dallas, Texas.
Ueffersottiart
wirnivrnv STANDARD MACHINERY
AMERICAN mAbniNfcKl I Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mi Us, Hustler Saw Mills. Log Beam Saw
Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
49 SOUTH FORSYTH STREET S . aws ’ P “ m ? s 7 En^in « B ’ Boilers, Gasoline En
gines Don’t buy until you get our prices and
ATI ANTA •• GEORGIA We sell everything in Machinery and
•* ” prices right.
F* R EIVIILJ M
15 Magazine Subscrip
tions at SI.OO, or 10
Weekly Subscrip-
MMMMMHw tions at SI.OO
mHH old mission
|flK| clock
Mission Style and things are now the
’a J. Be in style, though the heavens fall.
This clock stands nearly three feet
high; its dial is one foot square, made of
solid oak, handsomely finished; its hands
pS HH and figures are of brass, finished in the
LgM gH Mission Style; its pendulum is 15 inches
long, with brass pendulum bulb. Striker
hours and half-hours on cathedral gong.
A guarantee by the manufacturers in-
HH sures its absolute reliability as a time-
B K; piece.
HH The cut does not begin to give a true
&■ conception of the real beauty, intrinsic
value or the ornamental possibilities of •
this clock. You can hang it in your hall,
den, library or dining-room, and its rich,
W;; artistic beauty enhances the decorative
| effect of your home.
H |||| |||g See page seven for “How to Get Up a
RS Cbib.°
—BWiliMfllllHl 111 111 111 I ||IIMT1M"III II —HH 111 MM II ;
•‘lf we (the South) begin NOW by supporting HOME INSTITUTIONS
of merit it is nara to estimate the benefit that will accrue frem such a policy
in the next ten years.”—Richard H. Edmonds.
Übc Georgia 'Home
Insurance Co.
of Columbus, Ga., is a HOME INSTITUTION
ORGANIZED 1859 NEARLY A HALF CENTURY OLD
"1 otai Assets Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders Over One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization Over Five Million Dollar
Patronize the Georgia Home and Help IT to help YOU Develop
the Infinite Resources of Dixie Land.
AGENCIES THROUGHOUT THE SOUTH
IO Cents a Year
THE DIXIE HO IVIE MAGAZINE
MAGAZINE 1D the worM tot ,0
It Is bright and up-to-date. Tells all about Southern Home Life It is full of fine
«« 4 n e a 2 «
S»tSi “SEX iX" a M “ club -
THE DIXIE HOME, No. «J., EHrmlngliam, Ala.