Board of Directors of the American Sugar
Refining Company in its annual report, say
ing that it has no reason to believe and does
not believe that any executive official or di
rector had any knowledge of or participation
in fraudulent under weighing, and it desires
to ‘‘correct the widespread misrepresentation
and unjust criticism to which it has been sub
jected”. Obviously all these parties know
themselves better than the critic can gauge
them, and if they are innocent and guileless
and shrinking there should be laws passed
making it a felony to say “boo” at them.
This cruel persecution of white-souled inno
cence should cease in the name of our common
humanity, to say nothing of our occasional
chivalry.
* * ❖ * *
However, the Secretary of the Sugar Trust,
by the suggestive name of Mr. Heike, has
just been indicted for complicity in the frauds
of which five checkers ami weighers have just
been convicted. It remains to be seen wheth
er Mr. Heike is another poor victim of public
malignancy or whether he has been caught
with the goods. We rather suspect that a
few grains of the sugar will be found on him
upon close search.
Wall Street was really very inconsiderate
of Mr. Taft when it had the threatened Hurry
last week which drove the
Taft Back- President to coining out
Tracks Some strong for the corporations
More. in the specific denial that""
he intends “indiscriminate
prosecution of important industries”. Surely
the ambiguities of Mr. Taft’s annual message
should have sufficiently reassured Wall Street
as to his benevolent intention toward “impor
tant industries”, and it is almost cruel to af
fect to have in any wise misunderstood. It is
true that if Mr. Taft were sincere, even
though prolix, one might read into his long-
Watson’s “ Buzzard ”
No one else could have done it so
well —written so good an encomium
on the “obscence, ungainly buzzard.”
The hitherto despised bird has at
last a respectable standing among
the herbivora, carnivora and omni
vora of the animal kingdom; more
over, a merited majesty beyond all
his contemporaries.
Thos. E. Watson did it in his Jef
fersonian -Magazine.
Paragraph after paragraph from
exordium to peroration sparkles with
gems of beauty, strung for the lus
treless neck of the loathsome bird,
and he wears them with a grace all
his own.
Here are a few of the good things
said of him:
“He has no friends, and doesn’t
appear to need any.”
“He bothers nobody’s business and
nobody bothers his.”
“The other birds are all uneasy
about something. They all have ene
mies. . . . Not so the vulture. He
hasn’t a fear or a care on his mind.
He sails composedly through the
cerulean sea, loftily secure.”
“Nothing feeds on him —he feeds
on everything.”
“When I seek a picture of repose,
1 look upward and gaze upon the
buzzard, peacefully engaged in draw
ing invisible circles in the upper
air.”
“The fierce rivalries of men affect
him not. Is the world at peace? His
rations will not be cut off or shor
tened. Are the nations at war? So
much the better for him. Is it a
year of bountiful harvests? He will
not go unfed. Does famine smite
the people? It has no terrors for
him.”
“Poor old weather-beaten mariner
of the skies! Tireless swimmer of
the invisible w'aves! Lone sentry of
the trackless beat! You are not
pretty and you probably smell bad,
and you eat in away that we despise
—although we daily devour dead
things ourselves—you have never
winded sentences a pledge of carrying out the
provisions of the Sherman Anti-Trust Law;
but Mr. Taft's speeches must be interpreted
by Mr. Taft’s disposition. In the face of his
“downward revision" pledges, his utter inac
tion and weakness later and his final lauda
tion of the Payne-Aldrich bill is only too
plainly fresh in the public mind. That Mr.
Taft does not mean to do anything except to
gain more time for marauding trusts is as
plain as a pike-staff, and Wall Street knows
it full well. What further concessions they
now demand of Air. Taft’s administration
will probably develop very soon; but that the
flurry could at all be attributed to the vague
groping in his message for words to conceal,
and not reveal too plainly his real intention
to the masses, is all stuff and nonsense, and it
is deplorable to the nation to see its executive
bead go into a veritable blue funk the minute
Wall Street shakes its big stick.
Whosoever has read Zes and
who has not ? can imagine the plight of Paris,
during the veritable “Reign of
Paris in Terror" that has devastated that
Desperate beautiful city during the past
Straits. few days. The River Seine
runs through the heart of Paris,
and it has been a cold, raging flood, filling the
double system of sewers which honeycombed
the city, and causing street after street to
crumble, some of the greatest buildings in the
.world to be threatened with annihilation.
Lights, power and everything modern has
been cut off and the place plunged into a ter
rifying chaos. But the worst is probably yet
to come. The sewers have vomited upon the
entire country.—now that the floods have re
ceded, —awful plagues with which the germ
laden conduits were full, and Paris may be a
stricken city indeed.
* ❖ * ❖ ❖
had a write-up by any one who ap
preciated your advantages and sym
pathized with your limitations.”
“Well, you’ve got one at last, such
as it is.”
And an exceedingly good one, what
there is of it —three pages of poetry
in prose—and a just tribute to the
most lordly denizen of the upper air.
—The Union-Advocate Review, Okla
homa.
Notice !
There will be a meeting at Swains
boro, Georgia, Saturday, February
12th, at ten o’clock, to organize a
Jeffersonian Club.
LIKES THE BIBLE PICTURES.
Dear Friend:—l ask a little space
in your grand Jeffersonian, extend
ing much thanks for the beautiful
Bible pictures which I received
through my agency. lam also much
pleased with your great teaching. I
have said heretofore that I believed
you were educating more people than
any man in the country. Every Jef
fersonian I read, I find I am more at
tached to your good, plain speaking.
I pray God’s blessing to rest upon
you.
Your friend,
MRS. AMANDA McKAY.
Lyons, Ga.
A RELICT.
A colored man died without medi
cal attendance, and the coroner went
to investigate.
“Did Samuel Williams live here?”
he asked the weeping woman who
opened the door.
“Yassuh,” she replied between
sobs.
“I want to see the remains.”
“I is de remains,” she answered
proudly.—-Everybody’s Magazine.
Zsbe 3effe.vsonidft
| Agents $55.00 i
t— - :
| First Contests January G to February 28
t FIRST PRIZE SI 0.00 t
♦ SECOND PRIZE SS.OO t
t Second Contest: March 1 to April 15 t
♦ FIRST PRIZE SIO.OO *
+ SECOND PRIZE $5.00 ♦
t GRAND PRIZE $25.00 t
t January 6 to April 15 t
i i
♦ OPEN TO ALL AGENTS FULL COMMISSION ALLOWED 1
i —1
: THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga. J
—1 •*——■ ” ' - ——— —— —.— -- . —— - .......... - . —. . _ ■ . -■ - - V .... _ . „ _..
Wanted —Farm Lands
We want farms in any part of the State, from a
ten-acre farm to a large plantation. Write us
at once, describing fully what you have . .
Atlanta Realty Investment Co.
Home Office: ATLANTA, GA.
Sewerage isn't a nice subject at any time,
but one which it is urgently important that
we should consider. Atlanta is just now
frantic over a big bond issue, which is largely
for increased sewerage and thus “a cleaner
city", all unmindful, apparently, that modern
sewer systems remain in a convenient way for
a city to dump its disease and its filth upon
the hapless ones down-stream, while blissfully
unconscious that their own drinking-water is
tinctured with the same nauseous dose from
towns up-stream !
Among problems of sanitation, none is
more important than incineration of all solid
sewerage, and disinfection of that which is
fluid, together with cremation of the dead. At
present, the very conditions we look upon so
complacently as sanitary and decorous are
fraught with the utmost danger to the health
of the race.
Water will purify itself, of course, _but
when? Only when it has a chance to do so —
that is. when not overloaded with filth. With
the growth of our cities, the pollution of our
rivers will progress until the impurity of the
water-supply will be a constant menace. Fil
tration clarifies, but does not remove the
germs; and small streams like the Chatta
hoochee, with big towns upon its banks, or
emptying their sewers therein: and the ceme
teries on the hills, draining slowly their pol
lution through the soil, contribute to the dan
ger.
Paris will unhappily become, in all proba
bility. a prey to epidemics. Its problem will
be to prevent a repetition of such a peril.
American cities should heed this and al
though we hope no catastrophe elsewhere will
bring the lesson home, the more insidious
dangers just outlined should enlist the
thoughtfid in an effort to provide a better
plan than carrying disease through open
streams to the sea.
PAGE FIVE