PAGE SIXTEEN
NOTICE TO SUBSCRIBERS!
To any subscriber of the Jefferson
ian wishing to make an investment
we refer you to Larchmont Farm, a
New York corporation, whose adver
tisement appears on another page.
F I S H
Drop us a card and we will put
you on to something with which you
can turn your neighbor green with
envy by catching dead loads of them
in streams where he has become dis
gusted trying to catch them the old
fashioned way. It’s something new
and cheap. It catches at all seasons
—something no other tackle will do.
It will tickle you to see it catch
house and musk rats. Illustrated
catalogue of prices and testimonials
for the asking.
We are sole manufacturers of the cele
brated Double Muzzle Wire Fish Baskets.
Our sale covers over 20 states. We pay
the freight on one dozen or more nets.
EUREKA FISH NET CO., ffilgMj,.
DON’T SEND ME A CENT.
as I am going to give away at least one
hundred-thousand pairs of the Dr. Haux
famous “Perfect Vision” Spectacl2%to genuine,
bona-fide spectacle-wearers, in the next few
weeks—on one easy, simple condition.
I want you to thoroughly try them on your
own eyes, no matter how weak they may be,
read the finest print in your bible with them
on. thread the smallest eyed needle you can
get hold of and put them to any test you like
in your own home as long as you please.
Then after you have become absolutely and
positively convinced that they are really and
truly the softest, clearest and best-fitting
r lasses you have ever had on your eyes and if
hey honestly make you see just as well as you
overdid in your younger days you can keep
them forever without a cent of pay and
JHST DO MB A. GOOD TURN
by showing them around to your neighbors
snd friends and speak a good word for them
everywhere, at every opportunity.
Won’t you help me introduce the wonderful
Dr. Haux “Perfect Vision” Spectacles in your
locality on this easy, simple condition?
If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle
wearer (no children need apply) and want to
do me this favor, write me at once and just say:
‘’Dear Doctor: —Mail me your Perfect Home
Eye Tester, absolutely free of charge, also full
particulars of your handsome 10-karat ROiwwiD
Spectacle C'' n r ” and address me personally
and I w.ll your letter my own personal
attention. Address: —Dr. Haux, (Personal),
Haux Building, Louis, Me.
NOTE - —The above is the largest Mail Order Spec
tacle House in the world and is perfectly reliable,
Best Kidney Medicine
Send 25 cents in stamps for SI.OO
worth of the best kidney medicine on
earth, sent prepaid. Makes you feel
young again. Dr. John T. Patterson,
Atlanta, Ga.
THE GAINESVILLE ELEVATOR
Leading Weekly in Richest
Part of Middle Florida . .
Only SI.OO a Year Gainesville, Fla.
FINE TRUCK FARM
FOR SALE
Two acres, in town of 400 people.
In splendid condition, with small
house. Takes up entire block. Val
ue $1,000; part cash, terms for bal
ance. Box 64, Crosland, Ga.
Singing Schools
Do you need a Singing School taught
at your church or in your community?
If so, now is the time to make arrange
ments for an early date for the sum
mer and fall months. My price is with
in reach of all. Instructions cover the
elementary as well as -the more ad
vanced grades. The leading publica
tions used only. If interested, write
for further information.
GARNETT WILLIAMS, Clnyton. Ga.
his entrance something had been
shattered, for her too—something
too clear, too delicate, too fragile, for
her to have known that she held it
in her heart. But—when Martin P.
Hodge came in at such a time, she
felt it shattered. It was a strange
face that looked on him. He arose
and, standing before her began:
“Isabel, I have never entered this
house save when I had to. Tonight
I had to. I have believed myself
strong and was strong. But to love
you is stronger and is breaking me.
I can’t stand it any. longer. I waited
as long as I could; I wished to w’ait
till after the election. But tonight
was the last night, and this was the
last minute. Before when-you would
not love me, that made me work,
made me change things. But now it
will have the opposite effect. I will
roll the stone up no more. So I
came for the last-time; and this is
what 1 have to say.”
His face, grown as colorless as hers,
fascinated her. “You are not even
afraid that I will threaten your fa
ther’s election, if you will not love
me—you are good and not afraid.
But the fact that I have that power
has so affected me that I have re
volted. / have rushed to the oppo
site extreme. I have told you that
your refusal now-would paralyze me.
I will roll the stone no more. And
if my hand falls, your father wins.
Isabel, I am, glad, though I do not
know why, that this is the time when
it is easier for you to refuse me
than it ever was before. You have
tonight a double reason to refuse;
but tonight I came. If you love me,
I then owe you my strength and my
progress and your father must lose.
If you refuse me, I will fight no
more, my party is paralyzed, and
your father wins. 1 loved you when
you called me a chump. I would
love you if you called me that now.”
She stood and gazed at him,
scarcely able to believe. The lines of
his face were the pure fire-wrought
lines of power. What was he —what
was he —standing there before her
filling the world? The shattered
thing in her heart was whole again.
She forgot her father; she forgot her
self. All things save him were swept
away; The Chump had risen to
grandeur. She came forward and
cried:
“Now 1 love you.”
—McClure’s Magazine.
(The End.)
Self-Sharpening Shears FREE
'
- ■■■■
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly subscription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine we will, if requested at the time, mail this handsome pair of patent tension
self-sharpening shears, 8 inches long, made of the finest steel and beautifully finished.
On each dollar subscriptiion you can have your choice of the Watson knife or these shears, and if you subscribe
for both Jeffersonians, paying two dollars,we will, on request, send both premiums.
. iSlje TJeffersonian
BOOKS BY THOS. E. WATSON
Story of France (2 volumes)Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.’
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the SouthPrice 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson. .Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics. . .Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs.
Sketches from Roman HistoryPrice .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo (just published)Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Farmers’ Union
&
Every member of the Farmer’s Union
should read the splendid plea of DANIEL
SULLY, THE COTTON KING, for or
ganized work among the cotton growers in
the JULY number of Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine. •
' 11 " "■ —■" " 1
The ATLANTA DENTAL COLLEGE
tA School of Dentistry
By Dentists, For Dentists
Largest School in the State. t Leading School of the South
Large New College Building, Com
plete New Library, New Practical Porcelain De
partment, Heavy Operatory Clinic, Exclusively White
Patients, Monthly Examinations and Daily Recita
tions, Central Location, Experienced Teachers and
Demonstrators.
Write catalog and further particulars io
* WILLIAM CRENSHAW, D.D.S., Dean, Box 401, Atlanta, Ga. |
COM PLIM EN T
TOM WATSON - Z|
THE JEFFERSOMI AMS
This is the knife which The Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for new subscriptions or re
newals to the magazine or weekly. It’s a beauty.
4
$