Mountains, came down to lock horns with
such men as Tom Oliver, of the Wire
grass. What magnificent debates broke
out in these old conventions! What play
of wit and humor! What lightning
flashes of eloquence, which made the
eyes sparkle and brought cheers which
shook the house! Older statesmen, like
Ben Hill and Joe Brown, and Alex Ste
phens and General Toombs, used to be on
hand, meeting the younger men, watch
ing their displays of strength, nothing
those who were developing talent. How
proud a youngster was when a little
speech of his caught the ear of old Ben
Hill—looming up there in the gallery—
and Young Ben came down so get the
youngster, and take him to the Prince of
Orators for an introduction I
What an inspiration it was to the
yongster to be complimented by such
great men as Toombs and Hill and Ste
phens, and what a valuable training
school it was to young men!
After every one of these big Conven- -
tions, the state of Georgia had a better
knowledge of her public men, and her
public men had a better knowledge of
each other.
Farewell, old times! Hoke has a slate
and wants a machine —and the open con
vention system has been known to smash
slates and to play h—ll with machines.
•tn*
Tiryan and Thomas F. 'Ryan.
It is no surprise to us to read the
story published in the New York World,
to the effect that the notorious Wall
Street stock juggler and railroad wrecker,
Thos. F. Ryan, gave $20,000 to Tom Al
len, Bryan’s brother-in-law, to be used
for Bryan in Nebraska in 1904. The fact
that Mr. Allen had gone to New York and
got a goodly supply of campaign boodle,
in 1904, was freely spoken of, then and
afterward, both in Nebraska and New
York. The story came to us so straight
from one who was close to the Bryan
managers that we did not hesitate to
mention the matter in the New York
Watson’s Magazine.
We knew that Mr. Tom Allen had got
a large sum from the Democratic Nation
al Committee for Bryan’s use in Nebras
ka, and that Bryan made no speeches
for Judge Parker until after Tom Allen
had got that money.
Still we did not know that it was Thos.
F. Ryan, personally, who gave his check
for the amount. We had supposed that
the money which Bryan’s brother-in-law
went to New York to get, came from
various good Democrats —such as Bel
mont, Ryan, the Sugar Trust and the
Democratic members of the Steel Trust
and the National banking fraternity.
Mr. Tom Allen admits that he went to
New York in 1904 and got a “certain
sum” from the Democratic National
Committee, but bitterly denies that it
came from Ryan.
Why gag at Ryan?
WjfcnT his rrtWney as c)*an as Bel-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
mont’s? or Havemeyer’s? or that of any
other Democratic Wall Streeter?
Who else had campaign boodle to give
Bryan, excepting such men as Belmont
and Ryan?
From whom did Bryan suppose that
his brother-in-law could get such big
sums in New York, if not from such
men as Thos. F. Ryan?
Did not Mr. Bryan know that the
Sugar Trust gave $500,000 to Cleveland’s
boodle fund? and was not Cord Meyer,
a member of the Sugar Trust, the repre
sentative of that predatory combine on
’the National Committee, at the time
when Bryan got that large allotment of
the general Campaign fund?
The virtuous indignation of Mr. Tom
Allen will not conceal the facts. Indeed,
his admission that he got funds from the
National Committee for Bryan’s use is
sufficient. Both Mr. Allen and Mr.
Bryan were bound to know that Ryan
and Belmont were the leading financiers
of the Parker Campaign. Mr. Bryan had
proclaimed that very fact, himself.
He knew that Belmont and Ryan were
putting up the money for Judge Parker.
Consequently, when he took a portion of
that boodle fund he was bound to know
from whence it came.
h n n
Wall Street Wins, as Usual.
Have vou noticed how beautifully both
the old parties served Wall Street, in the
matter of that Aldrich bill?
So badly battered was that measure
when it left the Senate that predictions
were feelv made that the House would
make no effort to pass it. Time passed
on; other issues were pushed to the
front; the people forgot that the Wall
Street currency snake was only scotched,
not killed; the House passed what was
vailed the Vreeland bill; and then the
matter went to the Senate. Once there,
Aldrich calmly prafted the worst feat
ures of his own bill on to the so-called
Vreeland bill and passed it, and now
Wall Street has got what it wanted when
it created the panic.
Railroad securities, as w’ell as commer
cial paper, can be used, at any time, as
the basis upon which to expand the cur
rencv to the extent of $500,000,000.
When will this additional currency be
issued?
Whenever Wall Street wants to ad
vance prices.
When will it be called in?
Whenever Wall Street wants to lower
prices.
What greater curse can a country have
than a fluctuating currency? Had the
Wall Street rascals given their scheme
its right name, they could never have
fooled a President and a Congress. Had
they franklv declared for a fluctuating
currency, the whole country would have
risen in arms against their nefarious
plan. But they chose the word “elastic,”
instead of “fluctuating,” and everybody
•f the Foil Farrtft sort to iaolare
in favor of “an elastic currency,” when
in truth, the words “elastic” and “fluctu
ating” means exactly the same thing in
that connection.
An elastic currency is one which
stretches. The supply is now long, now
short, as you manipulate the source of
supply. A fluctuating currency is one
which varies in volume, being larger at
some times than at others, and changing
often from one quantity to another. Thus
you can clearly see that a fluctuating cur
rency is to be dreaded, for the reason that
as the volume of money fluctuates, or
changes, the prices of commodities fluctu
ate, or change.
All economists point out the dangers
of such a money-system, and warn na
tions against it.
Our Wall Street rascals knew better
than to ask for a fluctuating currency,
by its own name; so they used the word
“elasticity” and got precisely what they
wanted —a fluctuating currencv.
* H «
Prices Will Nolv Advance.
Last Fall, when Wall Street caused a
panic, for its own selfish purposes, the
Jeffersonian explained how it all had
come about, and predicted that the worst
of it would be felt this Spring.
It was safe for any one who understood
the situation to make the prediction. The
event proved how correct we were.
The time has now come for a change,
and we will soon see it.
Wall Street has forced Congress and
the President to give the money-kings
what they wanted.
That having been done, it will be to the
interest of Wall Street to give the coun
try a taste of better times. The national
elections are coming on; the Republican
party must be kept in power; the unprivi
leged millions are, as yet, armed with the
ballot; they must be humored and en
couraged into voting for the dear old
party once more.
Therefore, you may expect to see
prices advance, and better times prevail,
temporarily.
< * H
Not Populist Doctrine.
It is not true that the Ocala platform,
or any other Populist platform, has ever
endorsed such a plan of election as that
proposed by the Hoke Smith committee.
Where we declare in favor of the direct
election of senators by the people, our
meaning is that the election of United
States senators should be taken away
from the legislature and given to the
people; but we never dreamed of destroy
ing the county unit. Out meaning was
that the people should elect delegates,
who would nominate the senator, just as
we have always elected the delegates
who went to the state convention and
nominated the governor. In other words,
just as the governor was elected by di
rect vote of the people, according to our
constitutional plan, which recognized the
oh Pa<« Twelve.)
PAGE NINE