PAGE TWELVE
WALL STREET VICTORIOUS.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
ment virtually orders us to use as money.
In effect, the new law gives to these
Wall Street thieves the right to monetize
their own rascalities to the tune of five
hundred millions of dollars!
Flooding the country with this watered
stock currency, thev will send prices up.
While prices are up, they will sell.
Then, when they have unloaded every
thing that a hood-winked public will buy,
the “emergency” will be over, and the
“elastic currencv” will be called in and
destroyed. Then prices will fall. And
THEN the insiders will buy.
This will probablv be done every year,
or so, and our national money-supply will
see-saw up and down, for the health,
pleasure and profit of our over-lords, the
Wall Street thieves, who control the
Government.
*
Wall Street Had All *But One Re
publican and Llvo Democrats.
Against that infamous Aldrich-Vree
land bill there stood three Senators, re
sisting Wall Street. One of these'was
the noble LaFollette, of Wisconsin. He
towered head and shoulders above all the
Congressmen who spoke and worked for
the people against the Wall Street meas
ure. Stone, of Missouri, somehow or
other, was on the right side this time.
The blind Senator from Oklahoma, Mr.
Gore, was heartily with La Follette. By
taking advantage of this blind man, the
Wall Street Senators were able to set
their bill through.
But where were all the other Demo
cratic Senators when this infamous Wall
Street measure was on its pasage? Why
did not some of the twenty-odd virtuous
Democrats who spoke against the Aid
rich bill, and who voted against it, come
to the rescue when they saw that Aldrich
was about to take advantage of the blind
Senator?
Why did not some one of the number
feel enough interest in killing the bill
to help Gore and La Follette talk it to
death? Luder the Senate rules, they
could easily have done so. Objectionable
measures have been thus defeated, time
and acain. Why, then, did the twenty
odd Democratic Senators let the Aldrich
bill pass?
BECAUSE THEY FAVORED IT.
Wall Street controls both the old par
ties, and had a few votes been needed for
the passage of the Aldrich bill, the requis
ite number could have been secured from
the Democrats.
It has been that way ever since the
Civil War.
IT IS THAT WAY NOW.
* H *
Honor 'Roll.
The Jeffersonian is proud to enroll
these:
J. E. Bradbury, Jr., Athens, Ga.
A. D. Renshaw, Sterling City, Texas.
J. W. Brightwell, Athens, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Wm. Brooks, Lexington, Ga.
B. L. Milling, Neal, Ga.
Ocran O. Howard, Dearing, Ga.
D. J. E. Colvin, Thomson, Ga.
(To be continued.)
* M *
In a Christian Land.
The 28th annual convention of ~the
lowa Funeral Directors’ Association was
held last week and, to give it local color
and a hie-like appearance, a corpse was
brought in and laid on a platform. Then
some of the younger members, exhilarated
no doubt at belonging to a crowd that is
able to turn a twelve dollar casket into
forty dollars, dressed the naked corpse in
Sunday clothes, propped it upon the plat
form, stuck a cigar in its mouth, and
shouted joyously at their own conceit and
the grotesque figure cut by the corpse.
The day afterwards they stripped the
clothes off the dead man, stretched his
body on the platform, strewed flowers
around it, and “danced in gay abandon
about the platform.”
One of the Coffin Trust revellers was
just beginning to preach a mock funeral
sermon when the more decent members
of the Convention put an end to the
scene.
Sometimes, after reading of the doings
of human beings, we marvel that any one
can be proud of himself or his fellow crea
tures. There is no depth so low that we
may not fall to the very bottom of it. In
each of us is a devil and an angel, and
the Evil Spirit is ever and again causing
us to do things at which the angel weeps.
M
CONGRESS ADJOURNS, GAGGED BY
LIQUOR BOSSES.
Never was the need of a great national par
ty in power sincerely friendly and pledged to
advance the Prohibition cause so manifest.
Never was the helplessness of the Great Re
form in old party hands so evident.
The spectacle of a great cause, now sweep
ing triumphantly through two-thirds of the
nation, coolly ignored and its just demands
bluntly “turned down’’ by the Federal Con
gress, at the dictation of the liquor-sympathiz
ing politicians of both parties at Washington,
should be enough to defeat both old party
rings at the polls next November.
Never was national legislation, demanded by
the entire--Prohibition forces of the nation,
slaughtered more ruthlessly and with less de
liberate insolence by the alleged statesmen
who now control the “only party which ever
did anything for temperance.’’
While the Republicans as the present dom
inant party- must bear the responsibility for
this refusal to aid the invaded Prohibition
territory where 45,000,000 of the American
people now live, the record can afford no cam
paign enthusiasm for their opponents in Con
gress.
The National Democratic party lost one of
the greatest opportunities of its career in pas
sively permitting the interests of their mil
lions of Prohibition adherents in the South
to be scorned and contemptuously disregarded
without even an attempt to dejnand a hearing
for the issues involved on the floor of the
House or Senate.
With a large majority of Congress conceded,
as individuals, to favor the bill to protect Pro
hibition territory from interstate liquor inva
sion, it was the power of the liquor traf
fic through the leaders of both old
parties, and the crack of the party whip in
the hands of these liquor controlled statesmen
that killed the proposal and smothered other
important measures of like character.
The record of the first session of the Six
tieth Congress should be the powder-magazine
with which we should this year shatter the
last political strongholds of the drink tyr
anny.
Help us take that record to the people, and
fire their hearts to indignation with its story
of evaded public duty and amazing servility
to the brewer and distiller in the very hour
when their trade is receiving sentence of death
from an awakened nation.
Add your name today if you have not al
ready, for whatever popular amount, to the
Fifty Thousand Subscribers’ Fund for the
National Campaign, which we should be able
to announce complete by July 1, in time for
the National Convention.
This is the hour when we Prohibitionists
must make ready for the greatest forward
march in our history.
I desire to add a word regarding* the meet
ings of the state delegations at Columbus on
Tuesday, July 14, The importance of these
meetings will be understood when it is real
ized that all the official committees of the
Convention are there chosen. Chairman Me
eartney will, as announced, arrange in advance
for the reservation of suitable rooms for each
delegation in the various hotels for 2 p. m.
Tuesday. This hour is, of course, only sug
gestive and may be changed if desired.
But it is necessary that each state should
arrange for a meeting of its delegation some
time before 8 o’clock Wednesday morning,
July 15, at which they should name, if this
has not been previously done:
1. Chairman of Delegation.
2. Vice-Chairman of Convention.
3. Two Members of the National Commit
tee.
4. Member of Committee on Credentials.
5. Member of Committee on Platform and
Resolutions.
6. Member of Committee on Permanent
Organization.
7. Member of Committee on Rules and Or
der of Business.
8. Member of Committee to Notify Presi
dential Nominee.
9. Member of Committee to Notify Vice-
Presidential Nominee.
The several convention committees will
meet at the Neil House at 9 a. m., Wednesday,
July 15, and it is necessary that all these
members from the different states be nomi
nated before that time, and given their Cre
dentials from the chairman of the delegation
to carry to the different committee meetings,
CHARLES R. JONES,
Cliainnq-n Prohibition National Committee,