PAGE EIGHT
Obe Jeffersonian
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Postoflice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than sl. CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
"fl the above date appears on
JL V the on y° ur paper it
means that your subscrip
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Georgia, March 31, 1910
Mr. Bowen, of the Arlington,
Texas, Journal, Defends the
lowa Republican and
D. J. Neill
Why shouldn't. Mr. W. A. Bowen, of the
Arlington (Texas) Journal, allow Mr. C. D.
Reimers to do his own scrapping? Why place
that ambitious individual in the unenviable
attitude of using a substitute? And why
should Bowen assume that his kind of assist
ance is the sort that Reimers and Neill want?
Isn't it possible that one or both of them may
realize that their case is liable to injury un
der the raw, unvarnished and somewhat hys
terical management of W. A. Reimers?
Besides, if they've got to hire some one else
to do their sweeping, why bother with such
a bedraggled and frazzled out broom as the
Ari irigton Jo urn al ?
AVhy not take passage in some first-class
ear—some newspaper that is worth while?
If Neill and Reimers need help, at this skir
mish-line stage of the fight, what's the reason
that they don't get Somebody to get busy?
Who wants to take the candy from an in
fant like Bowen? Why, it would be almost
as bad as to hit a woman whose condition is
variously described, generally understood, and
endures in Lord Byron’s poetry.
(Os course, Bowen will puzzle his noggin
over the latter part of the foregoing sentence,
but my cruelty to him shall go no further
than that.)
Now, Bowen, it's because you somehow re
mind me of Mark Twain’s jay-bird, which
took a hole in the roof of an unoccupied house
to be a new kind of tree-hole, and began to
drop acorns into it, to fdl it up—that I no
tice you at all.
My information about Reimers came from
private sources which appeared to be trust
worthy. His Co-operator has alluded to me
viciously, over and often, and not once, to my
knowledge, has he himself explained how he
and Neil] euchered Pyle and those other gen
tlemen out of the paper. Nor has he denied,
in his own paper—so far as T have seen—that
he is an lowa Republican. And until Reim
ers does. Mr. Bowen has no right to expect
any one to take his word in denial.
As to Reimers and Neill favoring Republi
can politics, their own paper proved it on
They favored the Hannacrat Ship
Subsidy which the rankest Republicans de
mand.
The entire Texas delegation in Congress
(Democrats, of course.) voted against it ; and
the Galveston resolutions which Duckworth.
Jackson, and the Co-operator crowd indorsed
were taken to be a slap at the Texas Con
gressmen.
Those resolutions were so construed by the
‘Ctye Jeffersonian
Democratic papers in Houston and in Gal
veston; and the same construction was placed
upon them by The American Flag, the maga
zine published by the Cleveland, Ohio, gang
whose corrupt methods Congress is about to'
investigate.
I was extremely eager to have a look at the
list of papers which those Hannacrats had
subsidized; but when I demanded said list,
the League suddenly shifted its battery, and
began to fire in another direction. Has the
Ohio League spent any money with those
Farmers’ Union papers which, in harmony
of tone and coincidence of elate, began to yelp
“Merchant Marine?” It was very peculiar.
And it was so sudden.
Nobody had given a sign of being in pain:
we heard not a word of warning: there wasn’t
a cloud on the sky: not a leaf so much as
whispered: the ocean was as smooth as a look
ing-glass : the cat purred softly on the hearth:
the dog didn’t even dream about that last
rabbit which he failed to catch.
In other words, everything was perfectly
quiet, calm and serene—not to say lovely.
The Farmers’ Union papers were jogging
along in their usual fashion. Here it was
Diversified Farming; there it was Hog and
Hominy; yonder it was Soja Beans; and here,
again, it was peanuts—all of which is useful
and even ornamental, but not exciting.
Bless your life! ALL at once it broke
loose in Texas and in Georgia, and in Ten
nessee! “Merchant Marine! MERCHANT
MARINE ! F’’ “We couldn’t coal our battle
ships, if Japan were to attack us! We
haven’t got any sea-going steamers and sail
ing vessels." And so forth and so on.
Well, sir, it was the most sudden confla
gration that ever I saw. And the cook swore
positively that there had been no fire in the
stove when she left.
A red-topped person, who answers fairly
well to a minute description of Yours Sin
cerely, took those inflamed editors in hand;
and gradually reduced the rising, by proving
that we have more than twenty-five thousand
sailing vessels and ocean-going steamers —
THE LARGEST MERCHANT MARINE
ON EARTH.
Mr. Bowen speaks of the D. J. Neill’s emi
nent services to the farmers of Texas.
Wasn’t D. J. Neill leading a secession
movement last December? If the Texas
Union had listened to him, where would, the
National Farmers’ Union now have been?
Didn't he hurt the Texas Union enormously?
Hasn't he been violently assailing those Union
men who refuse to obey his dictation? Doesn’t
he himself, in his paper, whine about re
gaining “lost ground”?
You can't gain any ground by breaking
the Union into factions, can you? That’s
just what Neill did, and is continuing to do.
Charley Barrett handed Neill a dollar to
pay for a year's subscription to his paper.
Neill entered the dollar, and Charley’s name,
in the list of those who were putting up cash
for Neill’s Washington trip. What was the
purpose? His act was equivalent to saying:
“Now, Boys, come along with your dollar.
See what your President has done. He has
set you a good example. He indorses my ap
peal. He sends his dollar. Send yours, and
be like Charley Barrett.”
Was that honest?
'What did Neill have when he left Arkan
sas? He was a. Populist; and a responsible
man, signing his name to the letter, wrote to
this paper that Neill sold out to the Demo
crats for SSO. Said he could furnish the
proofs. WHY DTD NEILL IGNORE THE
ACCUSATION?
TrTWashington City, recently, he said this
of me—
“G —d d —n him! I’ve a good mind to go
down to Georgia and kill him!”
Hadn’t he better clear his name of that
signed statement, that he sold himself for
SSO, before killing anybody?
•. Is Mr. Bowen likely to gain any credit by
defending an ex-Populist who lets A
CHARGE OF THAT SORT STAND
AGAINST HIM?
Mr. Bowen refers to me as Watson of
“Where-am-1-at” fame.
If his knowledge of Reimers is no more ac
curate than his information about me, it isn’t
worth printers’ ink.
The late James E. Cobb, of Alabama, (a
most lovable gentleman,) took a little too
much “Beef Tea”, got funny during a speech
on the floor of the House, and lost his line of
thought. Buck Kilgore, of Texas, was pre
siding. Some of Cobb’s colleagues, seeing his
condition, teased him with questions. After
turning to answer one of these, he faced the
big, good-hearted Kilgore with the query —
“Mr. Speaker, where was I at?”
Old Buck laughed and replied—
“ The Chair doesn’t consider that a parliament
ary question.”
In writing of “Drunkenness in Congress”,
I made mention of this incident, without
naming my good friend, Mr. Cobb. It was
General Joe Wheeler who attacked me about
the charge itself, and thus brought on a for
mal investigation of the matter. Seeing what
was ahead, Joe Bailey come, and asked me
not to expose Cobb. I told him that I had
never intended to do so; and that I deeply
regretted General Wheeler’s course.
Mr. Cobb, however, was so generally known
as the member meant, that he took the bolder
step of appearing before the Committee, and
denying that he was intoxicated. (The
words were down in the stenographer’s notes,
and were* never denied.)
Indeed, he was not what you would call
drunk; but he evidently felt his liquor, was*
“funny”; and his colleague, Colonel William
C. Oates went to him and got him to take
his seat.
As to my having tried to “seduce the peo
ple to forsake the sound principles of Democ
racy”, as Mr. Bowen charges, my strenuosity
has had just the opposite purpose.
My principles are practically the same as
those contained in the Democratic platform
of 1860. They are Jeffersonian principles ad
justed to modern conditions. I have always,
by preference, called myself a Jeffersonian —
though in the original Latin and Greek, the
words Populist and Democrat are the same
in meaning.
There was actually a Populist party in the
Roman Republic. The Gracchi, Marius, and
Caesar were leaders of it. The latter was as
sassinated by the plutocrats of his day for
proposing reform measures similar to those
we Pops advocated.
There were 80,000 Pops in Texas; and those
whom I saw at Dallas and Bonham, in 1896,
were as fine a lot of men as I ever addressed.
How I wish that I could again take the
stump in Texas for “sound Democratic prin
ciples” !
And how I wish that I could hear Andrew
Jackson eternally d —n the doings of this
near-Republican set of leaders, WHO KEEP
WALL STREET RASCALS IN SU
PREME CONTROL OF THE DEMO
CRATIC PARTY!
A Correction, Congressional
Salaries
By some inadvertence, we used “year” in
stead of “term”, in the answer to Congress
man Howard’s letter. It was SIO,OOO per
term, and not year, that M. C.’s used to get,
for about nine months' 1 work.
The patriots didn’t consider themselves suf
ficiently salaried, however, and they voted
themselves an additional $5,000 per term.
Counting up salary and perquisites, they
are now giving themselves nearly $2,000 per
month, for their actual months of service;
are notoriously absent from the ses
sions, much of the time.