PAGE FOURTEEN
Our Post-Card Club
By Daddy Jim.
Letters from little boys and girls
are just pouring in. Next week I’ll
tell you the winners of the watch and
the ring and the post card prizes.
Don't be downcast or give up because
you did not win a prize, or have your
letter printed. Try again, and if you
really try hard, you are bound to suc
ceed.
Two More Prizes.
For letters received between Feb
ruary 18th and March 4th —two weeks
—we will give a handsome three
bladed knife, fine steel, stag handle,
for the best boy’s letter; and a solid
•’"'’’gold pin, of dainty and artistic de
sign. for the best girl’s letter. Sec
ond prizes in each case will be fifty
post cards, all different.
Conditions.
You must be under fifteen years of
age, and say at the bottom of each
letter how old -you are. Letters must
be written by yourselves alone, with
out help from anyone. Not more than
fifty words allowed. If you are try
ing for a prize, you must enclose in
your letter one 25-cent three months
subscription to Watson’s Weekly Jef
fersonian. 'Such a subscription is
easy to get, because for 25 cents we
will send our paper for 3 months, Up
to-Date Farming for 3 months, 20
American Girl Post Cards, and free
membership in the Up-to-Date Post
Card Exehnage. Almost anyone will
subscribe, if you tell them about it.
Try to send us several subscriptions,
but von must send at least one. If
you can get seven subscriptions, we
will give you fifty post cards as a re
ward, whether your letter wins the
prize, or not. You can send the 25
cents in stamps, if you like.
Letters May be Printed.
We shall be glad to hear from any
little boy or girl who has something to
say worth saying. You can write to
the Club, and if your letter is good we
will publish it, even if you are not
trying for a prize We want to help
you to take an interest —the right sort
of interest in the right sort of things,
and to learn how to express your
selves naturally, easily and correctly.
If you don’t win a prize, you will get
some fun and a little knowledge that
will be useful to you one of these fine
days.
Every Little Helps.
This week Willie Gentry, Slocomb,
Ark., sent us one subscription, and
Nora Currie, Aquilla, Texas, sent us
one subscriber for a year and three
subscriber for three months each. No
ra says: “I got all papa left, as he had
got nearly everybody around here.”
Wish we had a few thousand like No
ra and her papa.
A Little Too Long.
Mary Ann Williams, Surrency, Ga.
—“My papa takes the Jeffersonian,
and likes to read it very much, because
he believes in the principles which
you advocate. I have often heard
him say that the first ticket he ever
voted was for Grover Cleveland, and
it reminded him of the first egg he
ever sucked, for it was rotten, and it
broke him from sucking eggs and vot
ing Democratic tickets. I am a little
airl, Il years old, and like to go to
school. ”
From North Carolina.
This letter was over the limit of 50
words, but it was nicely written. “I
see in your paper that you want let
ters from little boys all over the United
States, so I thought I would write to
you and tell you how much my father
likes to read your writings. He takes
both your paper and Magazine. He
has the ‘Story of France,’ ‘Napoleon,’
‘Waterloo,’ ‘Bethany,’ and ‘Life and
Speeches,’ and I have your ‘Sketches
from Roman History,’ and I enjoy
reading it so much. Your little friend,
Walter F. Johnson, Grifton, N. C. ”
From Hempie, Missouri.
Floyd C. Holmes writes in pencil not
very neatly:—“My father takes your
Jeffersonian and Magazine. He loves
your writings very much, and in this I
think he is not mistaken. I am a
great lover of good books and post
cards, and always like to get one from
a friend. I am a farmer boy, 'ten
years old, and go to school regularly,
and like my teacher fine.”
From Snowy Nebraska.
This must be quite a little boy, I
think: —“We had a great snow storm
the twenty-ninth of January. Now
trains didn’t drive for two days. It
is getting warmer now. Henry Hohn
eke.” Try again, Henry.
A Colorado Girl.
“I am going to write to you about
my school. Igo a mile and a half to
school, but I go in a buggy, so I don’t
mind the trip. We have a lady school
teacher this year. I am in the eighth
grade this year. Alice Autrey, Liver
more, Colo.” A neat, pretty letter.
Would like to hear from you again.
A Blue Grass Boy.
“Papa takes the Jeffersonian and
enjoys reading it best of all his pa
pers. I chanced to see the ‘Boy’s
Letter Ad,’ and am doing my best to
win the prize. lam 11 years old, and
wish to always be your friend. Will
Proctor, Owenton, Ky.” You write
a good letter, Will.
One Little Georgian.
From W. C. Watson, Jr., Wellston,
Ga.: “I am a little boy, eight years
old next March, but I want the post
cards. I am in the third grade. I
have twenty-three goats. I am afraid
I will get too many words, so good
bye. ’ ’
’Way Down South.
“I am a very little girl, but I like
to have post cards to send to my aun
ties and cousins. Papa don’t buy very
many, so would like a chance at your
prize offer. Am nine years old; live
in West Florida. Will close. Halys
Clark.” Try once more, Halys; per
haps the post cards will come your
way next time.
Out in Kansas.
Elsie Dickson, Webster, Kansas:
“My father takes the Jeffersonian. I
like to read it. I live five miles from
Webster, on the Solomon river. I
have been going to school. We have
Sunday school and church at our
school-house. We have had very cold
weather and fine ice for skating.”
On an Oklahoma Farm.
“I am a little orphan boy, 13 years
old. Igo to school, and like my teach
er very much. I live on a farm, and
am very fond of horses. I like to go
horseback riding. I can plow very
well, and like to work in the field. I
have a pet dog; his name’s ‘Watch.’
Ob® Jeffersonian
. I STANDARD MACHINERY
AMERICAN MACHINERY I saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
UUHirni 1 Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
W SOUTH FORSYTH STREET Saws,
rrnnru catalog. We sell everything in Machinery and
ATLANTA. » GEORGIA nricM B right .
FREE Dollar Bottle Vitaline
* " W , On Trial -
Dr. Rainey says: My scientific form- MAKEZSit £4
ula of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases and symp
toms mentioned below—it’s the most certain of all and
there is no doubt about this. Vitaline tablets are just the s >IB i
treatment so many are looking for, what they should have ~~ and —-J i h 4
and must have to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. It 1 vVRWkEJ
makes no difference how weak you are nor how long you SgJ gi A 1 gH B TO-Dfer.j
have had your trouble.Vitaline will easily over- B B
come it—it will not fail nor disappoint you.”
HERVOUS WEAKHESS, OtBIUTY-! i °»„y» Ju „ ~M
Wornout Feeling, Weak, Aching Back, Lack of / and four cents postage stamps
Strength, Energy or Ambition, Bad Dreams, Poor g- ——g et the tattle to you —that's
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. ■ all you have to do to receive ■ dollar
STOMACH TROUBLES- Pa,n J? Stomach, Loes of B bottla o{ vitaline tablets. We Want I
HEART IjS "<"•..’unu"ujiuw.m.ni l
Shoulder Blade, Short Breath, Wenk. Sinking, Cold or B 80 ' Which we abide by that sme g
Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing in ■ understanding. g
Excitement or Exertion. B Vitaline tablets acton the Vita- ■
PATARRH Hawking,Spitting,Noseßunning Watery S Organs thatgenerato the vital warmth g
VAI AnnH— or y e n OW i s h Matter, or Stopped Up, B and the nerve force which makes one H
Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Pains ■ teel I
in Kidneys, Bladder, Lungs, Komach or Bowels may n U e qual to allthedutiw and pleaßtwesof I
hftOntn.rh . o,
C „ i v.i.. u , vlgorand vitality every day and restore ■
BLOOD TROUBLES-^* e ■ | you so quickly and completely you I
T li ?' , ,J* n ’ , B never know there was anything the I
vous, Rash,’Sores,Ulcers, Pimples,Chilly or heverlsh, g matter
Loss of Flesh and Strength. | vitaline tablets are guaranteed under I
n u s p nre p o0( j au d Drugs Act—Serial M
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. 81, 152 Lake St., g No. 3«77—you have never bad anything H|
Chicago. I enclose four cents postage. Send at once B like them, comoinlng their wonder I
by mail In plain package SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets ■ healing and strengthening power.
on trial, and if it proves satisfactory I Will send you ■ We send you our beautifully illustra- ■
SI.OO, otherwise 1 will pa/ you nothing. ■ ted book, “Vitality’’—you have never M
■ ■■Mb seen one like It. our testimonials from ■
EL people cured after ten to forty years of ■
Name—————— -■ . . ---* doctoring will convince you or'all we ■
claim for Vitaline.
Address —— ————•
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Premium for 6 subscribers $3.50
Napoleon ' .Premium for 4 subscribers »x.... 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson... . A .. Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South Premium for 3 subscribers 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics. Premium for 2 subscribers 1.00
Sketches from Roman History Premium for 1 subscriber 50
Waterloo, just published Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
American Cotton and Business University
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
COTTON : We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight in 30 days how
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
in any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap.
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education, Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies.
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING: Under three expert Telegraphers and
Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. W rite for catalogue at once and state
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL
Associate Presidents.
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
I am very fond of him. Your little
friend, Ernest Stewart, Spring Gar
den, Ala.”
A Little Georgia Farmer.
From Artemus Barton, Armuchee,
Ga.: “My papa takes your weekly
and monthly papers. He thinks they
are the greatest papers on earth. I
like to read them too. lam nine years
old. I am in the third grade. I milk
two cows and work in the field.”
Many Others.
We have scores of other letters that
are worth printing, but there is no
room for them. Don’t be disappoint
ed if your letter is not printed. Keep
on writing, and we will publish the
best each week.