0l)e Jeffersonian
r Volume Six
L Number Twenty-Eight J
THE NEAL BANK WRECKERS
ON’T you think it rather strange that
certain Farmers’ Union leaders should
take sides with bank-wreckers ? Is it
not singular that these leaders should
s
have no sympathy for the nine thousand in
nocent victims who were caught in the smash ?
Hundreds of day-laborers, clerks, mechan
ics, shop-girls, needle-women, etc., have suf
fered for two years, because their little sav
ings were swept away by the misuse of the
trust funds of the Neal Bank.
Mr. Ladson is writing letters in which he
claims that the Court of Appeals passed on
the case, and that the indictment against the
officials of the bank was quashed. That is
true. In like manner, the indictments
against those St. Louis boodlers were quashed
in the higher court —but it created a national
scandal. So, also, were indictments against
the San Francisco crooks quashed in the high
er court, but again there was a national scan
dal. Every right-thinking citizen felt that it
was a shame for the criminals to escape on
pitiful technicalities.
Now, the Neal Bank case was of the same
character. The indictment was quashed, be
cause it failed to state that the Neal Bank was
“a hank of issue”.
The “decision” was really not made by the
bench of the Court of Appeals. Two of its
three Judges being disqualified, their places
were taken by two Judges of the superior
courts.
The Court of Appeals being thus consti
tuted, it held that the act of 1893 applied to
banks of issue only.
It may be that you are no lawyer; but you
have at least that amount of intelligence
which the average citizen is presumed to pos
sess. To your common sense I appeal:
How could the Legislature, OF 1893,
have meant banks of issue, when everybody
knows that we have had no such banks since
the Civil War?
As a lawyer, grabbing at straws to save a
client, I would make a point of that kind
against a similar indictment; but I would feel
no surprise if the demurrer were overruled.
Judge Roan, of the Fulton Superior Court,
decided the question right, and the Court of
Appeals was wrong in reversing him.
The act of 1893 is to be conclusively pre
sumed to apply to banks then existing, not to
antebellum banks. Laws of all kinds (unless
it is otherwise expressly stated,) apply to
and future conditions, not to condi
tions which have passed away.
The Court of Appeals decided that the
Legislature, in the acts of 1893, referred to
banks which perished during the War Be
tween the States!
How could anything be more absurd? Just
use your common sense. Very human are the
judges, and some of their “decisions” insult
decency and unbiased intelligence.
By the act of 1893, the Legislature made it
a penitentiary crime for a bank officer to use
more than 10 per cent, of its capital stock.
The Court of Appeals “decided” that the
Legislature had reference to banks of issue.
We have had no banks of issue since the
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, December 23, 1909
Sixties. But the Court “decided” that the
Legislature meant these defunct institutions.
There are no such banks, no such banking
capital, no such bank officials—yet this ridicu
lous “decision” declared that the Legislature
of 1893 meant to penalize the misconduct of
the non-existing officers of non-existing
banks!
It is just such “decisions” that have brought
certain courts into such utter contempt.
Let any man turn to our Penal Code, page
74, Sections 212, 213, and 214. In Section
212, the Legislature of 1887 made it a crime
for any bank officer to use the funds of his
bank, without the consent of a majority of the
directors, or of a committee of the board au
thorized to act.
Thornton, Manry and Ladson ought to
have been indicted under that act, which
most assuredly does not refer to antebellum,
defunct banks.
In Section 213, the Legislature of 1887
made it a crime for one officer of a bank to
allow another to use its money, without the
formal sanction of directors, or committee, as
before stated.
Thornton, Manry and Ladson could have
been indicted under that law, which certainly
does not refer to the old dead State banks of
the Sixties.
Then comes Section 214, under which So
licitor Charles I). Hill indicted the officials Os
the Neal Bank.
The words are, “Any officer, agent, or di
rector of a bank, or banking association of
this State who shall violate- Sections 1934.
1948, or 1949 of the Civil Code, or either of
them, shall be punished by imprisonment in
the penitentiary for not less than one year
nor more than twenty years.”
What is Section 1948 of the Code? It is a
law which forbids an officer of a State bank
to borrow T more than 10 per cent, of its capital
stock.
It is true that State banks could then issue
notes, but it is equally true that they can, un
der the Calvin act, issue notes now. They
would have to pay, or fight, the Federal tax
of 10 per cent, upon the notes; but they have
as much right to issue notes now. as before
the War.
But the point is this—
(continued on page twelve)
Poor Dr. Lovett! He Backslides
AST week, we published an editorial
praising the Reverend Doctor W. C.
Lovett, of The Wesleyan Christian
Advocate.
■
,i -
He had yielded to my request for a hearing
in his dull and dreary paper, and I effusively
thanked him for his unexpected liberality.
But I was too previous about it, and now I
must take it all back. Dr. Lovett has again
become the bigoted, arrogant, unfair editor
that he showed himself to be, when he first
attacked me about my big house, my “sev
eral overseers”, and my stenographer. He al
lowed my dear brother, W. E. Towson, of
Cairo, Georgia, to lambaste me to his heart’s
content, but he refuses me the privilege of
defending myself. Here is his note :
Atlanta, Ga., December 16, 1909.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson,
Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: —Continued absence from my office
ior several weeks has delayed my reply to your
favor of 4th inst.
Towson has had his say, so has Cleckler. You
have had yours. So far, therefore, as The Wes
leyan Advocate is concerned the controversy is
closed.
I return your MS.
Very truly, W. C. LOVETT.
What is it that makes some preachers so
narrow, intolerant and unjust? What is it
that renders them so impatient of contradic
tion? by is it that they resent all criticism
of their methods? How is it that they just
won’t let “the other side” have a square deal?
The readers of The Jeffersonian have seen
us open our columns to all sorts of censure
and abuse.
Everybody that wants to take a whack at
Watson is told to come right along, and blaze
away. Any one who wishes to present facts
and arguments in reply to T. E. W., is af
forded the opportunity.
In this way. our readers are given a chance
to compare the two different sides of the
shield.
But the “religious” papers are just the other
way- The Advocates and the Indexes are
afraid to adopt so manly a policy. They feel,
instinctively, that a knowledge of the facts
would arouse their readers into demanding a
reform in their methods: hence their refusal
to print both sides.
They assail me savagely: they misrepresent
me: they allow others to attack and misrep
resent me: but when I ask for space to defend
myself, they coldly, sternly refuse!
Friends, have you any respect for men who
act that way? Have you any confidence in
that sort of “religion”? Can you see any
thing that is Christlike in it?
Ah, Dr. Lovett! When you exhibit to the
laity such a bigoted and unlovable spirit, you,
like The Christian Index, hurt the cause of
your Savior. Christ did not set you any such
example as that. Your clerical pride and
your lack of common fairness, injure the very
Christianity for which you pretend to stand.
In all the length and breadth of this republic,
there is not a brother editor of a secular paper
who would deny me the right to answer an
attack which he had permitted some one to
make on me in his columns.
You editors of “religious” journals are the
only ones who act so unmanfully as to hold
me, while others beat me.
BANKER COWARDICE W NEVER
SEEN. Is that what you call “religion”? Is
that the way you honor your Lord and Mas
ter ?
For shame, Dr. Lovett! FOR SHAME!
Even the Towsons and the Clecklers can
not be proud of victories tines won.
Tn his last letter, Mr. Towson introduced
new matter,' and by all the laws and prece
dents of fair debate, I was entitled to a reply
as to that new matter: but Dr. Lovett denies
me that right.
.ue, Five Cents