THE CONSUMMATE CONSERVA
TIVE.
A good many peop'e have felt cai’-
ed upon, of late, to abuse reform and
berate the knocker. Some of these
good people point out the expensive
ness of reform and the cheapness of
stagnation, apparently without a
shadow of suspicion of the ridiculous
proposition they have made. Some of
these good people are the genuine
thing in unconscious humor. Some of
them call attention to the losses sus
tained by the panic-stricken policy
holders, in the life insurance shake
up of two or three years ago, and
would in the kindness of their hearts
and the consummation of their con
servative wisdom have spared these
unfortunates their losses by foregoing
the exposure of insurance graft, and
have left the officials to hand out
campaign funds and enormous sala
ries to their friends and otherwise
squander the money held in trust, un
til there was nothing with which to
pay matured insurance, and the bub
ble collapsed. These economists were
anxious to put off trouble as long as
possible, at any cost, regardless of
the fact that, in the nature of things,
it must essentially grow worse until
the climax was reached.
Some of the good people have been
saying, ‘ ‘ Now see what you’ve done, ’'
ever since the panic of last year.
They point to the bread lines and the
idle factories and draw a moral not
to meddle. “Loose restraint of the
trusts or they will starve you out.
The square deal is not so important as
the square meal. Let the Masters of
Industry have their way or you will
lose your job.” The logic of these
things appeals to some people. Some
people have a very much clearer con
ception of what a square meal means
than they have of what a square deal
is. Some people lavish so much con
cern on their jobs that they have no
definite ideas, about what constitutes
their rights. These are the kind of
people who croak and stampede.
There were those, however, who rea
soned that the trusts could not afford
to “cut off their nose to spite their
face.” Only the beast is content to
be robbed so long as he is fed living
rations. The Masters of Industry
must play fair or they will necessi
tate the game being taken out of
their hands. They hold office only
during good behavior.
Another species of the coneerva
tives are those who object to the
iconoclast, and thump him for a
knocker. Some of the more unrea
sonable ones would require him to
furnish substitutes for all the vices,
barbarisms, idols and myths that he
shatters. They want something else
to deceive themselves with, when their
bubble has been bursted. The elimi
nation of the unnecessary does not
appeal to them, and simplicity, to
them, is a barren waste. No, don’t
knock! Let ignorance enjoy herself,
let deception deceive, let weary re
form have a rest, and homely truth
hide her face. Don’t knock —it would
make too much noise!
The plain truth is not good enough
for a great many people who are
firmly convinced that they have highly
cultivated tastes.
P. J. Campbell.
Georgetown, 111.
APPLE CURE FOR DRUNKARDS.
“For ten years,” said a physician,
“I have advocated apples as a cure
for drunkenness. In that time I have
tried the apple cure on some 40 or
50 drunkards, and my success has
been most gratifying.
“Let any man afflicted with the
love of drink eat three or more ap
ples daily and the horrible craving
will gradually leave him. The cure
will be greatly helped along if he
also smokes as little as possible.
“I know a woman who cured a
drunken husband without his knowl
edge, by keeping always a plentiful
supply of good apples on the dining
table. The man ate these apples and
finally stopped drinking altogether.”
—Philadelphia Bulletin.
ELEGANT Thin Model YEAR WATCH
Hunting cue beautifully engraved, gold finished throughout, stem wind and
stem set, fitted with 7 ruby jeweled American lever movement. Guaranteed
20 years; with long gold plated chain for Ladies cr vest chain for Gents.
LADIES or
CENTS size
IK YOU SEE IT YOU WILL BUY IT. Let ox send it without expense to
you C.O. D. express charges paid by us for examination at your nearest express
office and If you think it a bargain and equal in appearance to any fiIS.OO gold
filled watch pay the express agent 13.75 and it is yours. Mention if you want
Gents or Ladles site. M. t. FARBER, t'3B, 225 Dearborn St., CHICAGO
The Man Behind the Gun.
THEO. NOEL, tho man behind the erun. says* If
you are sick with any disease of the Circulation the
Stomach. Liver. Kidneys, Bladder or Throat, you
ought to use VITJE-ORE. NOEL is the founder of
Vit®-Ore, has been familiar with its properties for
fifty years, has watched its action in thousands upon
thousands of cases, and HE OUGHT TO KNOW.
NOEL SAYS he doesn’t want your money unless
Vitin-Ore benefits you. and NOEL Is nearly seventy
and old enough to know what he wants.
NOEL SAYS that the Theo. Noel Company has
a large advertisement on tho last page of this issue
which every person should read and that tho
Company has his instructions to send a full-sized
one dollar package on thirty days’ trial to every
sick or ailing reader of this paper who requests it.
the receiver to be the judge, and not to pay one
cent unless satisfied.
NOEL is the president Jr j, <
of the Theo. Noel Co., t a Jf
and his order goes. Here r vpA
is his SIGNATURE on it.
MEDICAL.
“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLEY’S
A'A.A Sanitarium
For treatment of
Nervous Diseases,
Opium, Alcoholic
WtyHW and other drug ad*
dictions.
For particulars,
—address
DR. B.M.WOOLEY CO., Atlanta, Ga.
fltlATlfl'tf cured; quick relief; re
ll Hl I V moveß a ‘ i swelling in 8
JJllVl kJ 1 to 20 days; 30 to 60
_ , . days effects permanent
cure. Trial treatment given free to suf
ferers; nothing fairer. For circular, testi
monials and free trial treatment, write
DB. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, Box K,
Atlanta, Ga.
POULTRY.
Make Your Hens Lay More Eggs {gjg,
. 1 have found a method that will
FT'f\=A. make hens lay every day the year
I I *jl ’ ro und as in spring. A simple, inex
pensive means is used which never
fails. A trial will convince you.
Write for it today. Enclose stamp.
N. L. WEBB, 1-4, Lamasco, Texas.
Clje TJeffersonlan
American Cotton and Business University
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GFORGT.A
COTTON : We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight in 30 days how
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
in any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap.
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education, Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies.
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING: Under three expert Telegraphers and
Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. W rite for catalogue at once and state
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL,
Associate Presidents.
Greatest Subscription Offer
Through a most unusual arrangement with the publishers we are able
to make a very remarkable offer to our subscribers.
Four Magazines, The Weekly Jeffersonian and a
Dress Pattern
Total Value: $6.25 - - -for only $2.50
Jeffersonian Magazine $1 50
Weekly Jeffersonian 1 00 nil Frit*
Pictorial Review 1 80 /ill lUi
Modern Priscilla . 1 20
Ladies’ World 60
Pictorial Review Pattern 15 ■ ■
$6 25 Hr
Address all orders to THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thompson, Ga.
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes $3.50
Napoleon 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics , ... 1.00
Sketches from Roman History 50
Waterloo, just published , 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
(Any of these books can be obtained as premiums for a certain number
of subscriptions. Particulars on application.)
Just Lay Aside
Spectacles
ir eyes entirely, and I will re
ndsome brand new 10-karat ROyjJW’lj)
famous "Perfect Vision" Spec
free of charge.
give away at least one—hundred
ths next few weeks in order to
nderful soothing glasses to the
of spectacle wearers in the
Lble time—so write me your name
at once and I will mail you my
me Eye Tester absolutely free of
also full particulars of my 10-
ioyss«w spectacle offer. Address:-
DR. HAUX SPECTACLE CO.,
erk 0, Haux Bldg, St. Louis, Mo.
to SIOO weekly, in their spare I \
time, should ask for my special I One-Hundred-Thousand Pairs I
agent s proposition at once, and Will be Given Away. J
state their present occupation.
KOTE.—The Above Lb the Largest Mail Order Spevtacle House in' the World, and' Pei recUy"Keliablf
PAGE FIFTEEN