THE HERO OF THE PEE DEE
BRIDGE.
(Continued from Page Seven.)
three more of the Regulars. We
dropped flat on the plank-way and
placed our rifles on the bridge floor,
making music in the air; it might
not have been very entrancing, but
it caused a scattering at the other
end of the bridge where the enemy
were striving to extinguish the fire.
In the meantime two or three guns
had been turned on our end of the
bridge, and with the minie-balls,
shells and flying timber we had a
warm time of it, but my brave com
rades held their position until the
fire had gained sufficient headway to
warrant the destruction of the bridge.
But our troubles were not over;
the fire was getting too near to be
comfortable and we knew that we
would have to run the gauntlet of
the battery and a double line of
skirmishers on the opposite bank of
the river. To the left of the road,
about fifty feet from the bridge,
there was a gulley; and amid a show
er of balls we made a dive for that,
landing on our backs. I was so near
ly exhausted that if any one had
been playing with a spade I would
have asked him to cover me up, to
bury me and let me remain there;
but, all joking aside, a hole in the
ground is a very desirable place when
it puts you beyond the reach of minie
balls and bursting shells.
It did not seem long before the
bridge fell -with a crash and our ob
ject had been accomplished, with the
friendly waters of the turbulent Pee
Dee rolling between the armies of
Sherman and Hardee. The bridge
fell about noon, but the regiment had
got into a hole and had to remain
under the fire of the enemy until
the. friendly shades of night Jiid
them from view.; then, like the Arabs,
they silently stole away.
The gulley which we were in ran
parallel with the river, and we
crawled on our hands and knees up
the gulley for two hundred yards,
where we were concealed by the thick
bushes on the river bank, then cut
across the field to the road and out
Brigade.
That night, while resting our weary
limbs on the bosom of Mother Earth,
we saw the beautiful little city of
Cheraw, like Atlanta, Ga., and Co
lumbia, S. C., going up in smoke.
Sherman had been careless with
matches again; but it is to be hoped
that he has no further use for match
es in the country to which he has
gone. No wonder there was a howl
all over Georgia when his son, with
a military escort, wanted to ride
over the country that his father had
made desolate by robbing, pillaging
and burning, leaving the women and
children not only homeless but crying
for bread, while thousands were sent
north of the Ohio River and dumped
by the railroad tracks, penniless,
friendless and within the enemy’s
country. •
CORRECTION.
We desire to state that, through
\ some error, the name of Mr. W. M.
Opry, who contributed $2 to the cam
paign fund, was omitted from he list
published several weeks ago.
drifting upon the rocks of
ROMANISM.
(Continued from Page Seven.)
ions in behalf of Catholicism, unless
it is that he and his may secure
votes and thereby secure office, mon
ey and power?
And why did Mr. Taft make his
visit to the Pope? Ah, my country
men, thereby hangs a tale that he
would not unfold.
•
Within the last six*months I read
somewhere that Mr. Roosevelt said,
The highest type of man I ever saw
was a Catholic Priest and I wish to
see a. Catholic President in the Unit
ed States, and in the article I refer
to he says there will be. Rough rid
ing may do in war and may be en
dured in politics, but when he at
tempts to Rough Ride over Protest
ant America on the back of Catholo
cism, I apprehend that he has tack
led a unique job.
It looks very much like His Royai
Highness is a half-breed Catholic, for
he is willing to turn this country over
to Catholocism and thereby close our
public schools and in their stead es
tablish parochial schools and thus
will follow in their wake ignorance,
vice, superstition and all attendant
evils that usually accompany Cathol
ocism. What a spectacle for Amer
ican Protestantism to behold, the
Pope of Rome knocking at the White
House with a candidate and Theo
dore Roosevelt stumping the country
in his behalf! . It verily looks like
it is time for American Protestantism
to wake up and cry out, 11 Watchman,
what of the night!”
We wonder what sort of a recep
tion a delegation of farmers, mer
chants and other consumers would re
ceive if it should wait on our two
United States 'Senators and Congress
man-elect and ask them to make an
effort to have lumber and coal put
on the free list, and the duty taken
off farming implements and reduced
on clothing and the other things con
sumed by them? The people of Del
aware need sorely a radical lowering
of tariff duties, but they have in Con
gress three representatives who will
not so much as think of their needs
or wants when they are called on to
vote for the bill that the party bosses
finally present for their approval.—
Index, Dover, Del.
The government has at last awak
ened to the protection of the people
under the pure food law and is barr
ing out everything which has been
preserved by benzoate of soda. This
drug is the most favored of preserva
tives and is used in virtually every
thing that is canned or preserved. It
is particularly conspicuous in pickles,
ketchups and canned fruits, but it
appears also in canned vegetables,
syrups, and about 80 per cent of the
other factory made goods. Men in
the “poison squads” of the govern
ment experimenters have almost died
on being dieted upon foods preserved
with this stuff. When you buy can
ned foods of any description, look on
the label and if it says benzoate of
soda is used in it in any way, refuse
it, even if you have to do without.
You can only get one stomach.-*
Okolona (Miss.) Messenger.
Csl)e 3effersoitian
We Want a Great Many
More Subscribers
In order to secure a large number of new subscribers at once we
make this wonderful offer:
Weekly Jeffersonian 3 Months ) All For
Up-to-Date Farming' 3 Months A E?
20 American Girl Post Cards ( <•
Membership in Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange'
Above is a wonderful offer and should bring thousands of orders.
But we are going to make a still better offer, and this Is what we want
every present subscriber to work for:
This is Our Great Plan
We want you to get 25 cents from each of seven (7) of your neigh
bors and friends for the above offer and send us this club, and we will
send you, for your reward,
Fifty of the Most Beautiful High Art Post Cards
Ever Produced
Every one a gem, and satisfaction is positively guaranteed. The
subjects are as follows:
1. A Neighborly Chat. 25. The Captiveo.
2. Puritan Girl. 26. The Problem is Solved.
3. A Puritan Maid. 27. Making Hay.
4. Skating. 28. Making a Fool of Him.
5. Dutch Children and Geese. 29. The Passing Storm.
6. Dutch Girl and Boy. 30. Sweet Kittie Bellairs.
7. The Critic. 31. A High Stepper.
8. Hello. 32. Mill Pond.
9. A Hay Seed. 33. The Daughter of the Regiment.
10. In Mischief. 34. Venice.
11. Our Pet. 35. An Interesting Passage.
12. The Village Blacksmith. 36. A Winter Sunset.
13. Bill and Jerry. 37. The Wedding Party.
14. Young Miss Columbia. 38. The Shepherd’s Star.
15. Picnicking. 39. Out for a Spin.
16. The Love Drop. 40. Early Autumn.
17. Playmates. 41. In a Bad Fix.
18. Flags of All Nations. 42. Brook in Autumn.
19. The Old Homestead. 43. Sunset.
20. The Lighthouse. 44. At Sunset.
21. Washington Crossing the Del- 45. Shipwrecked.
aware. * 46. The Historian.
22. Violin Recital. 47. Fishermen’s Return.
23. The Old, Old Question. 48. Two Are Company.
24. Colonial Dame and Virginia 49. Horseback Riding.
Belle. 50. Beauty Study.
It would be a waste of effort to attempt to portray the beauty, rich
ness and warmth of the colors in every one of this constellation of
gems of post cards. They must be possessed to be appreciated.
REMEMBER, if YOU will get only seven (7) subscribers for the
entire combination above at only 25 cents each, we will send you this
entire collection of perfectly lovely post cards as a reward, ALL FREE.
Extra Reward
AND HERE IS ANOTHER SURPRISE FOR YOU: Do you know
what the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is? It is a roster of post card
collectors and of people who will exchange with you. It has many
thousand members now. all over the United States, and in some foreign
countries. We will put your address and that of each member of your
club in the exchange and you will receive post cards from many fine
and entertaining people. A correspondence acquaintance can thus be
made with agreeable people and many a dull hour and otherwise idle
moments can be made pleasant, improved and, perhaps, made profitable.
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming
famous, because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profita
bly. Our readers can well afford to subscribe for it, as with the two
papers they will get a BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and
marketing.
Perhaps, after you get beven (7) trial subscribers, you can get
three (3) more, making ten (10) in all. If you can, we will send you
another set of cards, A TRIP AROUND THE WORLD WITH UNCLE
SAM’S BATTLESHIPS. There are fifty views in this set. It includes
a view of each ship in colors, shows the sailor boys at work, at play
and at rest. Also many scenes of noted places that the fleet visited.
Included with this is a map of the route and an illustration showing
the entire fleet, with the names of all the ships.
See your friends at once—today, if possible. Tell them that each
one gets all in the great offer above, and YOU must not forget what
you get for your reward. We will be happy if we get the club of sub
scribers, and then we hope to make you another good offer. Use below
coupon. x
Cut off here
Publisher of The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.:
I want to embrace your great trial subscription offer, and en
close for »..? trial subscriptions. Please send
all you offered, and stop the papers when the trial is up, unless we
renew.
My Name
R. R P. O
Countystate
(Attach a sheet for the club and write very distinctly.)
PAGE THIRTEEN