week with a contribution to the Christian Ad
vocate. Let me select a few of Brother Clark’s
epistolary gems:
“If Mr. Watson is right, it is a pity that he did not
live a hundred years ago. Then the world would have
had the advantage of his wise counsel.”
This is what you may call “sarcasm”. Some
folks can be cuttingly sarcastic when they try.
Brother Clark is, I suppose, “a new begin
ner” at the business, and his sarcasm has a ju
venile, unsophisticated ring to it that I rather
like. Still, Christians should deal gingerly
with sarcasm: it evidences a willingness to
wound and it is more beautiful to see Christ
ians' curing wounds than inflicting them.
Brother Clark says:
“Mr. Watson lays great stress upon Christ’s com
mand to go and ‘preach’, yet he either ignores or is
ignorant of the other command to go and ‘teach’ all
nations.”
Well, Brother Clark, you should have been
a reader of the Jeffersonian at the time when
Brother Scoville came butting in. We’ve been
over all that ground. So far as Christ’s com
mand is concerned, the words preach and
teach have the same meaning. Read your
Bible, Brother, and you will see what it was
that Christ told his disciples to go and teach.
They were to teach the Gospel of Jesus Christ,
—not geometry, astronomy, Latin, Greek,
physiology, gymnastics, and so forth and so
on. Christ said, in effect, “Just as I have ex
plained my mission to you, do you go and ex
plain it to those who have never heard it.”
Christ meant exactly that, and nothing else.
HIS DISCIPLES SO UNDERSTOOD
HIM. AND THEIR METHOD OF DOING
MISSIONARY WORK PROVES IT.
Peter and Paul and Timothy did not rush
to Greece to establish colleges, nor to Syria to
found dispensaries, nor to Rome to teach He
brew, nor to Africa to drill English and high
er mathematics into the kinky heads of nig
gers.
All that sort of thing is modern. AND IDS
WRONG.
Says Brother Clark:
“Every man who contributes to missions is plainly
told what distribution is made of his money.”
I regret to say that Brother Clark is in er
ror here. The reports sent in from the for
eign fields are extremely lacking in detail,
leaving the investigator sadly in the dark.
To use a courteous phrase, they “leave much
to be desired”. If Brother Clark will take
the Reports of the Southern Baptist Conven
tion, and find out exactly how the mission
funds are distributed, I will make him a pres
ent of one of the best Stetson hats.
Says Brother Clark:
“Giving to the missions is a voluntary matter.”
That’s good news. But, when did “giving
to the missions” become a voluntary matter ?
You publish books and pamphlets and pa
pers to prove to a conscientious people that it
is their religious duty, put upon you by Christ
himself, to give to foreign missions. You
preach and pray and sing at these conscien
tious Christian people, with the determined
purpose to subdue their minds on the subject.
You hark back to Leviticus, and from the ab
surdities of that Hebrew code you pick out
the priestly tax, and you tell conscientious
Christian people that this old obsolete and
ridiculous code is in force yet, in the matter
of tithes. You tell the people, in advance of
the taking up of the Collection, that it is a
Christian duty, which no good man and no
good woman will neglect, to give to the for
eign missions, —thus making everybody feel
mean and bad if he does not give. And after
having done all these things to make a man
feel that he is doing wrong if he does not shell
out, you say that “giving to missions is a vol
untary matter”!
You first put the victim where he knows
that every one will be “down on him”, if he
refuses to give, and you then say that the
3effersontaH
thing which you have coerced him to do was
his voluntary act!
Brother Clark says:
“Mr. Watson is not aware of his own ignorance on
the subject of missions. He hasn’t learned enough
about missions yet to realize how foolish his utterance
is. When he is better informed he will say to himself,
‘How foolish was I’.”
That is dreadful, —but read this:
“I will say that the spirit manifested in the writing
of his article is so narrow-minded, selfish, and void of
sympathy, not to say un-Christian, misanthropic and
prejudicial, that the contemplation of it makes one
sick at heart.”
In spite of this illness, however, Brother
Clark continues:
“I for one am glad that he was defeated for the
Presidency. Well might a nation mourn when ruled
by a man who is the very personification of selfish
ness.”
Worse and worse I
Girding up his loins for one grand con
cluding whoop, Brother Clark exclaims:
“This tirade upon missions is so censorious and bit
ter that it becomes a stigma upon the Christian ele
ment of the people of the grand old State of Georgia,
a slap in the face to the effort of her noble sons to
help save the world for Christ, and a blot upon her
glorious missionary record.”
Well! For a man who lives in a State that
has as many illiterate children as Alabama, I
call this outpouring of Brother Clark a stun
ning exhibition of ferocious zeal for the
heathen. Poor folks and ignorant children do
not appeal to such men as Clark, unless they
live a long ways off.
Brother Clark, let me give you a piece of
advice:
The next time you are in the capital city of
your own State, visit the headquarters of the
Salvation Army, and ask the officer in charge
to detail some one who can show you the rank
heathenism, the dire poverty, the utter ignor
ance of white people in Montgomery, Ala
bama. Then, if you won’t agree with me that
we owe, education and other material help to
our own people FIRST, I’ll give you up as a
hopeless case, —as a blind fanatic who is so
carried away with honest but mistaken en
thusiasm for black, brown and yellow chil
dren, thousands of miles across seas, that he
has vo eyes, no ears, no mind, no heart. FOR
THE LITTLE WHITE CHILDREN OF
IIIS OWN COMMUNITY, who desperately
need, and don’t get, what we are sending to
the children of China, Japan, Korea, and
India.
g] IS g]
Editorial Notes by J. D. Watson
If some reports are true, Postmaster-Gen
eral Hitchcock wants President Taft to ap
point negroes to take the census reports (cen
sus enumerators) in the South.
Mr. Taft is a shrewd politician,—much
shrewder than Hitchcock.
Mr. Taft has declared that he favors the
policy of appointing white men to office in the
South, —men acceptable to the community.
Let us hope that Mr. Taft will adhere to
this policy when it comes to appointing cen
sus enumerators.
If the Taft administration has to pay off its
political debts to the negroes, the Crums and
Ruckers had better be given their old jobs.
A negro census enumerator would have to
go into the homes of whites and ask questions
that a port collector or treasury official
wouldn’t dare ask in his office, let alone go
into the home of a white lady and ask.
No wise negro will accept such a position
as census enumerator in the South, —no mat
ter what the pay.
But let us hope that Mr. Taft has no idea
of appointing negro men to go into the homes
of white women, —and we don’t believe Mr.
Taft has any such idea.
IS g] g]
The Tariff muddle seems to be worse than
ever, with the chances of a revision downward
all the time growing less.
Senator Aldrich controls the situation be
yond a doubt.
So completely does he boss things that he
would not yield a point to even Serano Payne,
the House of Representatives high tariff
leader.
Payne wanted one or two changes made in
the Senate bill to make it conform more to his
House bill, but Aldrich wouldn’t stand for it.
President Taft was appealed to, but Aldrich
defied even the President, —so sure is he that
he has Congress by the throat.
The President has been giving dinners to
the Aldrich and Payne followers, trying to
reconcile them, but what reconciling has been
done is by Aldrich making the Payne crowd
surrender their ground and accept his terms
of surrender.
With “the people be damned” Joe Cannon,
the foxy rascal, working in harmony with
him, Aldrich doesn’t have to yield.
Cannon, the Czar of the House, working
hand in hand with Aldrich, the “Boss” of the
Senate, forms a combination that will come
nearer making the President come to their
terms than the President will ever come to
making them come to his.
When a “foxy” rascal like Cannon, and a
bold rascal like Aldrich combine to do the
people, the people may expect to be done so
long as they keep the Cannons and Aldriches
in power.
g] gi g]
You often hear our Congressmen give the
excuse that they voted for a protection on cer
tain items in the Tariff bill because they want
ed to protect our home infant industries.
You are often told by the high tariff cham
pions to “look at England’s deficit.”
England, as you know, is a free trade coun
try.
So far so good, but let us go a little further.
Suppose you read what the British Premier,
Asquith, has to say on the subject.
“London, July 23. —Addressing a meeting of city men
this afternoon in defense of the budget. Premier As
quith declared that the only alternative ofi'ered to
Chancellor Lloyd-George’s proposals for raising the
new revenue necessary, was the introduction of a tariff,
but the Liberals, he said, would not look at any sug
gestions for a tariff.
“ ‘Two great countries, the two greatest commercial
rivals we have in the world,’ continued the premier,
‘have been trying their hands at tariff fabrications for
the last two or three years. Germany for two years
has had in operation a full-blown scientific tariff and
Germany’s deficit is much greater than our own, and it
has already caused the downfall of one of the most
powerful ministers in Europe, and if we look on the
other side of the Atlantic they have just completed a
revision of the Dingley tariff. It is not for us to speak
disrespectfully or find pleasure and complacency in the
troubles, struggles and misfortunes of our friends and
neighbors, but when we are told that the sovereign
remedy for our financial troubles is to create in Great
Britain what has been created in Germany and what
is just being recreated inAAmeric a general tariff—
we are entitled to look to the experience of those who
have adopted those methods. And what is the case of
the new American tariff? Why, as far as I can make
out, it is universally condemned by the whole American
press and regarded by the American people as a tri
umph of particular interests over general interests, for
they see trusts and monopolies reentrenched and re
inforced in their long and too victorious campaign
against the consumer.’
“Mr. Asquith added that unless there was a revolu
tionary change in public opinion here it would be im
possible to carry a general tariff through the British
House of Commons.
“A vote of confidence in the Government’s financial
proposals, following the premier’s speech, was carried
unanimously.”
England has tried protection, and it reduced
her masses to poverty, desperation and star
vation.
•’/ 'L' *!* 4* 4'
rj, /J»
She has tried free trade for sixty odd years
and it has worked wonders for her commerce.
You can see what a high tariff is doing for
Germany, and you know what it has done for
us. And the Aldrich tariff will do more for
us, —make more of we common people paupers
and a few Trust magnates worth more mil
lions.
PAGE THIRTEEN