pense of running the school foots up $2,000
tor the year.
It was further shown in this official report
o the Methodist Church that the Japanese
contributed less than $4,000 to help the Meth
odist missionaries sustain the fifteen school
buildings, thirteen church buildings, six par
sonages, twenty-three missionaries, fourteen
native workers, twenty-four native preachers,
sixty-two Sunday-schools, three boarding
schools, seven day schools, forty-eight teach
ers,and eighteen hundred and twelve pupils.
Similar details were taken from the report,
and the attention of the Christian Advocate
wall called to them.
. Summing up the results of our investiga
tion of the official report, to which Dr. Lovett
had so offensively cited us, we proved that
the secular schools and colleges operated bv
the Methodist Church, South, in foreign
countries,, m competition with the schools of
the foreign governments like Japan and
6 Ivina, cost the Methodists of this country, for
last year, $52,586, in addition to all that the
heathen themselves paid.
Now, when Dr. Lovett had been so extra
ordinarily harsh as to attack Mr. Watson,
under the headline suggesting that Mr. Wat
son was either grossly ignorant, or a wilful
falsifier, — did he not owe that gentleman
something m the way of setting him right, in
the Advocate, when Mr. Watson went to “our
Board of Missions at Nashville, Tennessee”
got the official report of the Methodist
iu?ch, South, and from that official report
proved that he himself had stated nothing
but the truth, while Dr. Lovett had made a
most egregious blunder, a most material mis
statement?
Was anything editorially said in Dr. Lov
ett s paper, to show that he regretted the in
justice he had done Mr. Watson? No; his
readers were left to remain under the impres
sion that Mr. Watson had been either grossly
ignorant, or wilfully untruthful, in his state
ments concerning the furnishing of free tui
tion to heathen children.
Indeed, we have no evidence to warrant the
conclusion that Dr. Lovett has ever regretted
the wrong he did a fellow-creature. It would
seem, on the contrary, that the Doctor’s ruling
passion is one of angry resentment. He ap
parently cannot forgive Mr. Watson for prov
ing that Lovett was not familiar with
the contents of the report to which he so truc
ulently referred his adversary.
Again, the Advocate editorially declared
that “virtually no part of them (mission
funds) goes for food and clothes”.
Mr. Watson proved, by the missionaries
themselves, that this statement was utterly
and absolutely at war with the truth. But
has Dr. Lovett ever set Mr. Watson right
about it, in his paper ? No. Has Dr. Lovett
ever informed his readers that he found him
self to be in error? No.
He continued silent, or said, when he spoke
at all, that “Mr. Watson’s criticisms are too
ignorant to be weighty”.
Was that right?
Did he not owe it to his readers and to Mr.
Watson, to admit that he had been wrong?
The little slip of memory about the New
York World charges was totally immaterial
to the merits of the controversy on Foreign
Missions. But Mr. Watson is sorry for it;
and would promptly, gladly, have corrected
it, had his attention been called to it. There
is no possible excuse for such temper and
harshness as that displayed in the headline,
“Even Mr. Watson Should Regard the Facts”.
We do regard the facts, and we always have
done so. It is most unkind to say or inti
mate to the contrary; and the insult comes
with poor grace from a minister of the Gos
pel who has made so many material misstate
ments about mission and who has so
persistently failed and refused to correct
those misstatements after they had been ex
posed.
3effersoaiaft
As to Misrepresentations
In our issue next week, we will recur to the
issue of veracity raised by Drs. Corey and
Wakefield, and submit to our readers some
additional evidence that Wakefield was cor
rectly reported as to “II hat We Missionaries
Concealed”.
® ® is
Socialist Hedging
In the New York Watson’s and in The
Jeffersonian, I told the Socialists that they
would never make any headway in the rural
communities. Socialism, in its very essence,
means the ownership by society of all the
land and all other sources and tools of pro
duction. In fact, without this principle, So
cialism hasn't a leg to stand on.
Wayland, Warren and Debs did their ut
most to drum up a following in the country,
but it was no go. The instinct for home
ownership was too strong.
Therefore, the brethren changed their tac
tics. Wayland & Co. began to say that,
“Land which cannot be collectively used may
be individually owned.”
Through this door, thousands of deluded
Populists are being led into the Socialist
ranks.
John Spargo has even published a book in
which he states that the Socialists will allow
a man to own as much land as he himself can
work.
. So, you see, we’ve put the brethren on the
jump. They are hedging on their funda
mental principle. The hypocrisy of the thins
is unblushing.
AVhy, the very name borne by the move
ment, shows that Socialism means that Socie
ty shall own all the means of production, all
wealth, all property.
Nowhere else on earth do Socialist agita
tors claim anything else.
The distinction Wayland attempts to draw
ought not to deceive anybody. All land
could be collectively used. Society could be
everybody’s landlord, just as Society lays out
streets, parks and forest reservations.
Therefore, Wayland’s line of division is
chimerical.
Spargo’s “tub to the whale” is equally il
lusive.
A stalwart negro could cultivate more land
with his hands than you could, —therefore
Socialism will give Sambo the bigger bit of
land. , Joyful shouts of acres and a
mule!'” will again reverberate throughout
Dixieland, if John Spargo’s construction of
Socialism holds.
Die literary man, or the professional man,
and the physically feeble, and the unmarried
ladies, and a whole lot of “the most princi
pal Hist folks we’ve got, will not be allowed
to own any homes at all if we are to live un
der the gospel of John Spargo.
My staid old publishing house, the Mac
millan Company,—whose “reader” struck out
so many passages of “The Story of France”
because in 1898 my doctrine was too radical
for the times,—has gone and put forth Spar
go’s book, in which he most ludicrously as
serts that Socialism will consent that a man
shall own as much of a farm as he himself
can till “by his own labor” I
It is all very funny. The Socialists are
getting to be extremely accommodating. If
the bed is too short for the guest, they length
en it out, you know, as your good wife does
with the dinner table.
Still, I feel rather sad when I see that the
old Pops have allowed themselves to be hum
bugged by the Socialist shouters in Texas,
Florida, Missouri, and Oklahoma.
® ®
Questions for Clergymen
(1) When Christ miraculously produced a
very large supply of loaves and fishes, to
whom did the food go,—to the hungry home-
folks or to the hungry foreigner ? When the
multitude had been fed, its hunger satisfied,
and the “overplus" of provisions gathered up,
who got it?
(2) Does the command which made the
early Apostles do missionary work, and
which caused the Italian priests to invade
Britain, which causes Americans to send mis
sionaries to China, apply to Chinese con
verts? For centuries there have been, accord
ing to you, genuine Christians among the
slant-eyed. For generations, you have had
on your church books the names of tens of
thousands of them. Lou claim to have at
this time from 112,808 to 200,000 —for there
is a harassing conflict in the different claims
you put forth.
Out of the 112,808 Chinese “converts”, is
there a single one of them who has ever heed
ed the command, “Go ye into all the world
and preach”? Are not those Chinese Christ
ians as much bound as we are to send out mis
sionaries to convert the heathen? Have they
ever, at their own expense, put a Chinese
Christian to work in Ceylon, in Turkey, in
Hindostan, in Korea ?
If not, why not? Paul’s converts went to
sending out missionaries, as soon as he had
organized them into churches.
(3) Is it not true that Christ raised the
dead, cast out devils, caused the blind to see,
and made whole the sick, to prove himself the
Son of God? He did but little work of this
kind, made no regular business of it, and ex
pressly referred to these miracles as proof of
the powers derived! by Him from His Father.
Is not that literally true? You must admit
that it is. Then, by what Scriptural author
ity do you send surgeons and doctors to make
a regular business of curing sick heathen of
all kinds of diseases, free of charge ?
The Mexicans do not deny the divinity of
Christ. Nor do the Cubans, Jamaicans, Bra
zilians, Peruvians, Chilians and Ecuadorians.
Central and South America acknowledge the
divinity of Christ. Why, then, do you send
the best of medical men into missionary work
in those countries? Are they more entitled
to it than the afflicted poor of our own land ?
As to the Japs and Chinese, —when one of
your missionary doctors cures him of some
malady which has defied his pagan physi
cians, he gives thanks to his gods for sending
foreign devil” to restore him to health!
IST B! Ig
The Husband's Victim
can t stand this any longer!” and with
these words of desperation, the wife ends her
life.
The husband is thoroughly respectable. In
fact, eminently so. He dresses well, and con
forms to all the conventions. He conducts a
legitimate business, in a legitimate way. It
is good policy to be pleasant to those with
whom one comes in contact, and he is amiably
polite, accordingly. He is a moral man,—a'
man of orderly habits. He treads on no
body’s toes, ambles along with the crowd,
conforms to prevalent opinions, and is re
spectably regular in his attendance at church.
He’s down on cranks of all kinds, —is this
husband; and he repeats, like a well-trained
parrot, the current expressions of contempt
for non-conformists of every description.
Referring to him, the local authority will
say, “He’s a good citizen”. The pastor will
say of him, “He is a pious man, and sets a
good example”.
Yet, all the same, he drove his wife to the
grave.
How?
By meanness, by constant nagging, by pet
ty tyranny, by hardness of heart, by unmeas
ured and unremitting selfishness.
Others wmoed her, but he won her. Others
sought, but he found. Others knocked at the
door, but to him, only, it was opened.
Ah, how he flattered and pleaded! Smil
ing eyes, smiling lips, seductive tones, seduc
(CONTINUED ON PAGE 12)
PAGE NINE