fore ? And why doesn’t some admiring
friend of Mr. Bryan, in Atlanta, of
fer him a winter residence in a well
furnished house, near the Gal in the
Fountain? While Augusta and Sa
vannah are clamoring for Judge Taft,
it is not like Atlanta to get left. We
also note that Editor Li Sum, of
China, is going to Atlanta. If he
does not meet a lot of other editors
in Atlanta that can lie some, we have
missed our guess ;i if the Chinese
editor is striving for a headmark
along the lines of lie some, he had
best steer clear of Atlanta. lam not
much stuck on the campaign button or
badge question, but I will give 25
cents toward Mr. Watson’s having an
emblem made to be worn by the im
mortal 17,000 who stuck to him
through this last campaign. And
only those to have them who call for
them by letter to Mr. Watson, and
send the names of those who wanted
them. One reliable person could send
many names, and by that means we
could find w*ho our friends were in
each county and how many. And,
perhaps, unearth fraud in many
places. Let the contributions be vol
untary. And all who braved the
storm have an emblem free.
Yours truly,
J. B. Howard.
MORE THAN THE REST.
Tifton, Ga., R. F. D., No. 3.
Nov. 7, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear 'Sir and Friend: Enclosed find
official vote cast at Chula precinct,
Tift county, Ga.
You will see you got more votes
than all the others combined.
Quite a number of our Populist
friends did not turn out, from some
cause or other. The weather was
unfavorable, was one cause. I am
seventy years old and went all the
same, however, and worked for your
interest.
On this page I send you a few
names. You can send them a sample
copy of The Jeffersonian.
Your friend in the cause of Jeffer
sonian Democracy.
J. E. M. Le Sueur.
ORGANIZE THE JEFFERSON
IANS.
Dallas, Ga., Nov. 16, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Mr. Watson: It was on ac
count of the heavy rain on election
day that your vote was only about
one-fourth of your strength in Geor
gia. At my precinct the vote was:
Watson, 38; Taft, 6; Bryan, 6;
while there are 140 Populists in the
district, but, living at a distance, they
did not brave the rain and mud as the
other 38 of us did.
Yes, organize the Jeffersonians un
der any agreeable name, rally to its
support the discontented of all par
ties who at heart believe in govern
ment of, for, and by the people, and
in 1912 we shall scare the Republi
cans as bad as Hoke was scared last
spring. By the way, the journalistic
“dew” is not so plentiful around here
as formerly.
Will you please pardon me for
suggesting a young people’s educa-
tional department for The Jefferso
nian ? The department might have
for its motto what a society which I
helped to organize while in college
had: “Aim at what all just men
recognize as honorable.” Any use
ful information on such subjects as
etiquette, language, literature, geogra
phy, history, hygiene, nature, politics,
temperance, kindness, ethics, home
life, choosing a life work, marriage,
and those other things that educated
gentlemen and ladies should know,
could be freely discussed to advan
tage by the young people of the Jef
fersonian family.
Please pardon me if I have talked
where I shouldn’t. This is the teach
er who met you in the Kimball the
evening before that grand speech, in
Atlanta, October 7th. I have receiv
ed more benefit from your writings
than from any other author, living
or dead, and love you better.
Your sincere friend,
J. Wofford Cole.
Note —January Magazine reopens
the Educational Department.
UPHOLDS JEFFERSONIAN
DEMOCRACY.
Atlanta, Ga., Nov. 7, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find one
dollar to renew my subscription to
the two Jeffersonians for six months.
Just let it begin where I quit off when
my subscription ended and send me
the back numbers, as I do not want to
miss any; I am having them bound
for my library. I have carefully
treasured up every number, beginning
with the Tom Watson Magazine, pub
lished in New York. Do I owe you any
thing on past subscription of either
Jeffersonian? If so, please render the
bill. You shall have an order soon for
all of your published works. I have
read them, and shall teach my chil
dren to revere the author and study
his great books. You do not know it,
because I have never told you, but I
have looked to you for political guid
ance for many years, running back
to the memorable days of the old
Farmers’ Alliance in Georgia. I was
a young man then; I had high ideals,
and enthusiasm plus. Seeing so
much corruption in politics, and the
reins in the hands of dunghill politi
cians, I yearned for a brave and gal
lant leader, faithful to a trust, honest
to a penny, true as tempered steel, a
fighter to the last breath, and I found
him, and I have been following him
proudly ever since. Mine has been an
humble part, but proudly executed.
Talents differ. But to the best of my
strength, while marching in the ranks,
I have upheld the principles of Jeffer
son Democracy, for which you have
fought so hard and often. Sometimes
insults were offered me instead of
arguments. The road has been long
and rocky, and many a time the light
grew dim along the way, but I am
not tired nor afraid. Don’t give up
the fight. Success will be ours, must
be ours.
Your gallant fight has already ac
complished much. Prohibition is
here. The negro is disfranchised and
removed from politics. The country
people are reading.more and inform
ing themselves on the vital issues,
thinks to your rural free delivery.
Uije Jeffersonian
Your strong fight for white suprem
acy and Southern independence had
the effect of turning a great number
of votes away from Bryan and his
negro policy, which you would have
undoubtedly received had you stood
any chance of election to the Presi
dency. This vote went to Taft for the
double purpose of discrediting Bryan
in Georgia and at the same time
turning the electoral vote to
Taft should it be needed for his suc
cess. As it turned out, Taft did not
need Georgia’s vote, and Bryan’s ne
gro affiliations are so well known in
the South that his Southern friends
won’t have courage enough left to
speak his name above a whisper.
Excuse the length of this letter.
I have been wanting so much to
talk to you, that when I got started
on paper my pen ran away with me.
Yours until the finish,
John Terrell.
UNQUENCHED BY DEFEAT.
Thomas, Ala., Nov. 19, 1908.
Dear Mr. Watson: I must confers
that when the result of the election
in Georgia was announced, I was very
much disappointed, and, in facj;, felt
almost like giving up in despair; for
I had observed all through the cam
paign with what enthusiasm your
large audiences greeted you, and how
earnest you had been in contending
for true Jeffersonian principles, I felt
sure that the spirit of independence,
of the old parties, was going to assert
itself, and lead the way for a revo
lution in our national politics. But
we found the voters of the “dear old
State” had not a fill of the “flesh
pots of Egypt,” and instead of going
to the polls and asserting their rights
as freemen, they must rally to the
old-time party, and, regardless of
who heads the ticket or what the
platform, advocates, cast their vote
all the same. I did feel indeed
gloomy over the situation, and .felt
that we, as Jeffersonians, had just
as well “hang our harps on the wil
low. ’ ’ But after more seriously view
ing the result, and many later obser
vations, I am ready to answer your
question in The Jeffersonian of the
12th inst., and say no, we have a just
cause and a clean party, and we can
not afford to cease fighting for a prin
ciple so dear to the people.
I feel that the last election is, in
many respects, a reform victory. It
shows that independence of thought
and action is beginning to assert
its power, and while the reform
vote was comparatively a small one,
it shows the people are thinking as
never before. We should all remem
ber that “They who hold out faithful
to the end shall be saved.” We have
many faithful ones yet. Even in my
own State, where we made practi
cally no campaign, we secured a right
good scattering vote, an average of
* about twenty-five to the county. And
we have much more than that num
ber who have not proven faint heart
ed, but are true and brave, mighty
men, like Gideon’s band. And I fully
believe that we will one day succeed
in our great work. I am fully satis
fied with our great light, Thomas E.
Watson, as leader in the future, as he
has been in the past. I know no one
to take his place and fill it with the
ability he does.
The Jeffersonians, both weekly and
monthly, are a great comfort to me,
and I don’t see how any true re
former can feel that his periodical
file is complete without both your pa
pers.
So, Mr. Watson, by all means let
us keep up the fight, with you in the
lead, and I fully believe that success
will crown your efforts. And if you
should not live to see the fruits of
your labor, future generations will,
and the “immortal” Watson will go
down in history as the “most noble
Roman of them all.” You may con
sume your substance and wear your
life away, but in the by and by the
“people will rise up and call you
blessed.”
Yours for reform until death,
G. F. McGinty.
ELEGANT Thin Model YE?R WATCH
Hunting case beautifully engraved, gold finiebed throughout, stem wind and.
stem set, fitted with 7 ruby jeweled American lever movement. Guaranteed
20 years; with long gold plated chain for Ladies or vest chain for Gents.
LADIES or
CENTS size
IF YOU SEE IT YOU WILL BUY IT. Let u« .end it without expeuee to
you 0.0. D. expre.e charge, paid by uefor examination at your neareel eipreM
office and I f you think it a bargain and equal in appearanoe to any ,15.00 gold
filled watch pay the express agent *3.75 and it is yours. Mention I f you want
Shuts or Ladies site. M. C. FAKBKK, C3B, 225 OearbornSt., CHICAGO
Cancer Cured
In 10 Days.
A Discovery That Has Startled The
Medical World. Mailed Free.
I have discovered what the medical world has
been looking for, for years, a sure cure for can
cer, so sure that it can be absolutely guaranteed.
This I do, and I can prove it. I have cured hun
dreds of the most horrifying cases in from 10 to
20 days, after celebrated physicians and surgeons
had given up all hope of saving them.
tj<. /
The doctor want* to hear from anyone afflicted with
cancer, tumor, or any suspicious growth. He will
give you his expert advice absolutely free.
After you have seen the marvelous results
of this treatment, you will be surprised how
easily you can cure yourself at home with
out risk or danger.
I have one of the finest sanitariums in the
country for those who wish to come and
have my personal attention. However, you
can cure yourself just as well at home.
Any bank or business firm in Lebanon will
tell you we are reliable and successful in
curing cancer.
Fill out the free coupon below with your
name and address and send it today.
Free Cancer Coupon.
If you suffer from cancer in any form,
simply fill in your name and address on
dotted lines below and mail today to Dr.
Curry Cancer Cure Co., Curry Sanita
rium, Lebanon, Ohio. You will be sur
prised how easily you can cure yourself
at home without risk or danger.
Name.-
Street—
City, State
If you prefer not to address the Cancer
Company itself, you may reach the doctor
privately just a* well by addressing' hi* pri
vate secretary. E. W. Ramsey, Box 897, Leb
anon, Ohio.
PAGE SEVEN