PAGE TWELVE
Black Heels on White Necks
(concluded from page nine)
When Chief Justice John Marshall held
that the State of Georgia was suable by
Chisholm, the whole country blazed out in
protest, and the Eleventh Amendment was
adopted to put the states, permanently and
beyond all question, m the position of the
sovereign who can not he sued except by his
own consent.
There are some things in this life worth
fighting for, and some that can’t be held with
out a light. Our forefathers gained the lib
erties that we enjoy by battling for them.
These civil rights of ours were paid for in
precious, heroic blood. We degenerates are
losing our inheritance, because we fear to
fight.
An insolent Atlanta negro, who has seen
white Federal officials spit upon State author
ities, has imitated the example. Henry Ruck-
Collector of Internal Revenue, has spit
upon the State authorities of the Empire State
of Dixie!
With the assistance of William Newman
and Carter Tate, HE HAS COMMITTED A
RAPE ON JUDGE FITE'S COURT— one
of the superior courts of our old common
wealth.
Administering justice, in Dade county,
Judge Fite placed a revenue officer in jail for
contempt of court. The man was guilty, for
the testimony sought of him was not of a
privileged character. He had no more right
to defy the Judge, refusing to answer a fair
question, than you or I have.
But the insolent negro, Rucker, applied to
the Federal court, and the prisoner of the
State court was taken from Dade county to
Atlanta, where the insolent nigger, gloating
over Judge Fite, gave the revenue officer “a
nice promotion".
If a State court can be robbed of one pris
oner who is lawfully in jail, it can be robbed
of any and all. If it can be forced to give up
one Federal lawbreaker, it can be made to
give up any and all.
The Federal courts have no jurisdiction to
issue writs of habeas corpus against state
judges and sheriffs, ordering them to produce
the bodies of men who are in county jails un
der sentences from state courts, —unless some
denial of constitutional rights is alleged.
Yet Rucker and Newman and Tate had
“heavily armed deputies”, waiting to take the
next train for Dade county,—for what pur
pose? To shoot and kill white men, if neces
sary, in the interest of whisky and the neqro,
Rucker!
They were “heavily armed”, eagerly await
ing to depart on their mission of violence and
bloodshed. They were prepared to shoot the
sheriff, any of his deputies, or even Judge
Fite himself!
Attorney-General Hart advised Judge Fite
to back down, and then, of course, the joy of
the negro knew no bounds.
What's the Prohibition law to him?
He doesn’t ask the Prohibition law any
odds. We have worked hard, for more than
a generation, to get it, —but what of that?
The Internal Revenue department is a Whis
ky Trust asset, and with the protection of
the revenue officers, the stills can laugh, at
State laws and State courts.
We no longer have red blood in us. We
can lynch an occasional nigger, and fight one
another about some little bit of property, but
we are no longer willing to shed our blood to
maintain our rights.
Come back to old Georgia, Mrs. Canfield!
If you are alive, come back!
You declared, after a visit to Atlanta,
many years ago, that vou hoped to live to see,
in the South, “BLACK HEELS ON
WHITE NECKS".
Come right along, Mrs. Canfield!
THE TIME YOU PRAYED FOR IS
HERE.
White men work under a negro; white men
■51)4 3<Jfer4oitlan
defy the laws to please the negro; other white
men assist the negro to rape a State court;
“heavily armed” white men are ready to
board the next train to fight white men to
uphold the negro; and the negro comes out on
top, gloating over the white judge, and re
warding with quick promotion the white man
who had served him so well.
For one, I’m awfully sorry Judge Fite did
not stand his ground. Dade county, and the
whole State, is full of white men who are not
the least bit afraid of “heavily armed depu
ties”.
The Prohibition law is worth a fight, is
worth human blood. Judge Fite had a strong
position, a righteous cause, and the moral
support of the whole State. Those “heavily
armed, deputies" should have been met by
heavily armed sheriffs and deputies. The
clash of arms between sovereign States and
usurping Federal judges has got to come,
sooner or later; and I had hoped that the
hour had struck when Rucker was undermin
ing the Prohibition law, and Judge Fite was
trying to enforce it.
El El El
Those Summer and Winter Homes
of Foreign Missionaries
In one of the first of the articles on Foreign
Missions, I told you that you need not worry
over the hardships endured by the mission
ary, —that the missionary was well paid, en
joyed all the comforts and luxuries of life,
and was having a corking time of it, out there
in China.
You remember how they hopped on me
about it ? They denied with especial vigor
and temper my statement that some of the
missionaries had two homes—one for winter,
and one for summer, —and that the annual
vacation was the established rule.
But the Augusta (Ga.) Chronicle of Sep
tember 20, 1909, prints a letter, direct from
that dear, darling old China, which gives un
impeachable evidence of the truth of my
statements.
It is from Miss Elizabeth Fleming, sister
of the Hon. W. H. Fleming, as I infer from
two words in her letter.
She is a missionary, and she wrote from
China, giving Miss Ellen Hickman a descrip
tion of missionary work and life in precious,
fascinating, charming China. One of her
first lines reads this way, “I am here in my
summer home”, not so very far from delicious
Soochow.
How now, Parsons, one and all? You
won’t dispute the words of this lady, will
you ?
Miss Fleming refers to the locations of the
summer homes of various other missionaries,
naming them, and she says, “those of us who
have our bungalows” (summer houses of Ori
ental style) “on Mohkan San” (mountain)
“are quite satisfied.”
Now, Beloved, what do you say to this?
You denied it, hotly and positively, when I
said just what Miss Fleming has written to
Miss Hickman! What about it, Bros. Sco
ville, Archibald, Lovett, Corey, McLean,
Towson, Harris, et al.?
Miss Fleming writes of the delightful “reg
ular Sunday-school picnic” and informs Miss
Hickman that, “we are strictly union—Meth
odists, Baptists, Episcopalians and Presby
terians all join in and have a merry time;
games, jumping, vaulting, and then a feast
of good things.”
Now peruse the following passage from
Miss Fleming’s letter, and judge for yourself
whether the foreign missionaries, in that be
witching old China, are not having about as
good time as ever you had:
Traveling in a House Boat
“Traveling in a house boat is very enjoyable. The
boat, quite large, comes to my door in the wall. Every
thing we want on the mountain is put on the boat,
square, three stories high, everything we need; and we
do not forget the lunch basket, table cloth, napkins,
cups and saucers, sugar and salt, pepper, tea, coffee,
butter, bread, biscuits, cake, home chickens and a
freezer full of cream ready to be frozen, a box of ice,
and ever so many bottles of boiled water to drink,
and milk, also; for we can get no water until we are
on the mountain. Have plenty of beds and never for
get the mosquito nets, lamps and lanterns.”
El El E]
Mr. Taft’s Gushy-Gush
Eulogizing the malodorous Ballinger, Pres
ident Taft said, at Spokane, that Ballinger
was a fine specimen of the success of “the
transplanted man”. Talking to an immense
audience, the President declared:
“People who remain where they are born turn out
lunkheads. The gentleman who at an early age pulls
himself together, and gets into a new region, cometh
to a ripe destiny.”
By that token, Ballinger is great and
Roosevelt “a lunkhead”. According to that’
reasoning, John Adams, Sam Adams, James
Otis, Patrick Henry, Thomas Jefferson, John
C. Calhoun, Abraham Lincoln, George Wash
ington, James Monroe, Stonewall Jackson,
and Robert E. Lee were lunkheads. So were
Gladstone, Disraeli, Cromwell, and Sir Wil
liam Wallace. So were Robert Toombs, Alex.
H. Stephens, Ben Hill and Bishop Pierce. So
were Caesar, Hannibal and Alexander the
Great. So were Marlborough, Suwarrow and
Skobeleff. So were Adam Smith, Tolstoi,
Danton, Walter Scott, Dickens, Milton and
Herbert Spencer.
“Lunkheads!” Those who love the old
home, and the home-folks too dearly to mi
grate, are doomed to be lunkheads, are they?
How does transplanting improve anybody’s
head ? It may improve his opportunities, but
not his mind. To generalize in that absurd
manner, and tell young men and women that
they condemn themselves to imbecility by set
tling for life at the old home place, is to de
part widely and perniciously from the truth.
A large percentage of boys and girls do bet
ter by going to some other region than they
would have done at home. But everybody
cannot move away. Everybody can’t get into,
new regions.
Any such generalization awards greatness,
to the Bryans and Baileys and Ballingers,!
but ignores Chief-Justice Marshall, Daniel’
O’Connell, Charles Fox, the two Pitts,
Goethe, and Bismarck—and numberless oth
ers.
El El ®
Hush Your Fuss
That ear-splitting, nerve-racking hulla
balloo that you hear, day and night, week
after week, is pardonable. The Democratic
leaders and daily papers have got to rouse
Public Opinion in favor of the Income Tax,
you know, and they can’t wake Public Opin
ion into real activity without making fuss.
That accounts for the noise. But it is aw
fully uproarious, rip-snortious, and hell
bentuous, —isn’t it?
El El El
What President Taft Said About
the Expense of Manufac
turing Cotton
In one of his Western speeches, President
Taft declared that the cotton manufacturers
of the East were making no more than a
small profit.
He must be the most credulous man on
earth, if he thinks those New England manu
facturers would stick to a business that had
as little in it as he declared in that Western
speech.
Time and time again, we have shown in
these columns that the manufacturers of cot
ton goods have been making enormous divi
dends, ranging from twelve to forty per cent.
We have given the names of the mills. In
one of his speeches in Congress, Senator