PAGE TEN
ZET7EKS TROM THTL PTLOTIA
“BOARDED” MR. WATSON IN HIS
SCHOOL-TEACHING DAYS.
' Blitch, Ga., Feb. 25, 1908.
Dear Friend: Enclosed find postoffice mon
ey order for $2.50 for the renewal of weekly
Jeffersonian, also for your monthly magazine.
I enjoy reading your editorials very much
and often think of the days gone by when we
both were young. With best regards, I am,
Yours truly,
~ E. S. LANE.
FROM MICHIGAN.
February 20. 1908.
Dear Sir: In your argument against the
“Aldrich Bill” you state, as one reason for
being against National Banks, that the Na
tional Currency Act surrenders to six thou
sand banks the power of creating money and
with it the credit of the nation, without giv
ing eighty-five millions of citizens any share
therein.
This as a patriotic protest against these
banks ought at once to put them out of busi
ness, but why banks more than other things,
by and through special privileges, of which
this monetary system is the base, backed by
an unholy alliance of interests, to fleece the
people in the name of law, which they enact
laws only to break them, and if one happens
to get in their way, have the highest court in
the land declare it unconstitutional. On the
other hand the same court, or parts of it. de
cides any law passed by a state to control, in
a degree, the rapacity of railroads which were
created, built, and paid for in the first in
stnce by the people, to be “confiscatory.”
There is hardly a doubt but that the higher
court, unless they become alarmed, will con
firm these decisions.
One of the greatest crimes of the century
was the herding, by United States troops,
of what was left of the Indians in the great
West, upon the poorest lands on the continent,
to get them out of the way of the “Cattle
Baron,” who as part of the Interests, in fact
the beginning of the Coalition, took possession
of the public domain, where, with no invest
ment, no taxes, no restraint, protected by the
regular army, they could grow cattle, sheep
and horses on the old buffalo ranges cheaper
than we farmers, amenably to law, paying
our taxes, can grow Belgian hares, and ex
cept for the wonderful fertility of our soil,
would have ruined 75 per cent of the farmers
es the country.
As it is. we pay arbitrary prices to take
our stock to market, sell them in yards con
trolled by “the Interests,” and cannot get a
bid until their buyers, after a leisurely break
fast, come into the yards and set the price.
So it is with your cotton, with Kentucky’s
tobacco, the wheat of the northwest, the corn
of* the corn belt, even the paper upon which
you print your publications.
The International Harvester Co. is a “good
trust," yet our farms were given over to them
as experimental grounds and we bought their
imperfect machines at every stage of develop-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ment, thus paying the cost of experiment.
If we want a machine today, the price is a
dead level. We are told, You can buy it or
not as you please.
Every device is resorted to by millionaires
to escape taxation, property is transferred by
millions or shipped from one point to another
temporarily to avoid the assessor; by hook or
by crook and much perjury they succeed.
The poor man pays taxes on everything, the
shoddy clothes he and his family wear, every
thing they eat, except what they may pro
duce. If he have a little farm, personal prop
erty, or a little home, his taxes go a long
way toward rent. But if peradventure in re
sponse to a public demand, or in a moment of
insanity, congress passes a law taxing in
comes, their supreme court calls that law tin
constitutional, and a so-called democratic
newspaper seriously offers the name of the
judge handing down this decision as a presi
dential candidate. Meantime the Kentucky
night riders are beginning to whip them.
OLD FARMER.
PROPOSES A PLATFORM.
Newnan, Ga.. Feb. 27, 1908.
Haring stood by the principles of Popu
lism “steadfast and true” from the days of
'92 up to the present, I am anxious to see
progress instead of inertia. I submit a rough
sketch for a national platform for your con
sideration. Unfortunately 1 failed to get the
proceedings of the last national convention
and do not know what they demanded: but I
had the satisfaction of voting for you for
president and hope to do so again and save
my vote, something 1 have never done jet.
Declaration of Principles:
The National Radical Party in convention
assembled do set forth the following declara
tion of principles:
1. All men are born with equal rights to
the enjoyment of the blessings of the over
ruling providence and any person, corporation
or legislative body, or judicial tribunal, who
deprives men of this right, except for actual
crime, for the purpost' of amassing wealth,
should be regarded as robbers and oppress
ors.
2. Therefore we demand the restriction of
tiie powers of the supreme court of the United
St alt's Io the enforcement of law. and adjudi
cating such litigation, whether interstate or
international, as may be brought before it.
3. We demand that the constitutionality of
any law shall be referred to the voters con
cerned, instead of the courts of law. when its
validity is disputed.
4. \\ e demand that the government re
sume its power to issue all money and with
draw its deposits from the banks and estab
lish subtreasuries in every locality where the
interests of the people require them. That
said subtreasuries shall be authorized to
make loans on good securities and to receive
deposits in amounts of ten dollars, or more.
5. We demand the simplification of the
code, both civil and criminal, that all may be
able to understand.
6. We demand the removal of the ini
revenue tax on liquors and tobacco, and
by-products.
7. We demand government ownersh.
all mineral deposits hereafter discovert |
8. We demand that all mines shall bl
under governmental supervision, and rl
of ten per cent be collected into the tr<3
of the United States of all profits exe||
one thousand dollars.
9. We demand a graduated income i ;
the earnings of railroads,
idends, oil refineries and wholesale bu. .
houses or syndicates; also oq private f(7ri ■
and also a tax of ten per cent per annum on
the actual value of pleasure yachts, and pri
vate railroad cars.
10. We demand for employes the right to _
collect damages from employers for inj'
received while working for the employers
11. While we denounce rate discrimin
and rebates by the railroads, we demam
the railroads non-interference with reason 1 -;
tariff.
12. We demand that all special privilege
whereby banks and other corporations
get the advantage of the people, shall be w
drawn.
13. We demand a revision of the tari
such a. manner as to admit articles of p
necessity free or nearly so and tax luxi
and novelties.
14. We demand governmental protec
for our forests and the establishment of A
her reserves.
15. We demand the immediate repeal
the Dick Military law. and that each s
shall control the militia independent of any
national organization, and the state militia
shall not be subject to the national or
der, except in cases of invasion, or widespread,,
rebellion. ,4
16. We demand that police or civil o• n
eers, who interfere where persons have pea e
ablv assembled to demand their rights, shall
be punished as lawbreakers, and where they
use violence, shall be held to answer for mur
der or assault, the same as private citizens.
17. We demand protection to states or lo-
calities that have voted for prohibition and
that common carriers and private individu Is
be restrained and punished if found carrying'
the prohibited articles to within the prohibited
territory. E. J. STEPHENS.
We can not undo the consequence of op
portunity thrown away. Esau found no place
for change of mind.
"Count that day lost whose low descending
sun,
A iews from thy hand no worthy action done.”
Jeffersonian Bible
Weekly Jeffersonian and Bible - $1.50
Monthly “ “ “ - 2.00
JEFFERSONIAN. Thomson, Ga.