one of the signers of that petition. He was
invited to speak at temperance meetings in
behalf of that petition. He did so bravely
declaring himself on the side of temperance
and against the saloons. The saloon men at
once marked him, just as they marked every
other man who dared oppose the saloon
interests.
N 5 man’s character is safe from vicious
attack when he dares to stand up against the
saloon interests. And because Mr. Stockton
dares to oppose the saloon interests and to
denounce their efforts to control the govern
ment of the State, his character has been
attacked most viciously for the sole purpose
of enabling the liquor dealers to defeat him
and elect their candidate.
As Mr. Stockton’s neighbors, we know his
convictions and sentiments as to the pending
issue, and based on this knowledge we are
prepared to add our guarantee to his pledge
that he will administer the laws controlling
the liquor traffic exactly as the sovereign
people give them to the Governor.
The open attempt of the liquor dealers to
control the government of Florida absolutely
fixes the issues of the coming primary.
It is no longer a question of politics.
It is no longer a question of individuals.
It is no longer a question of the existence
of saloons in Florida.
It is now a question of morals.
It is now a question of self-respect.
It is now a question whether the Governor
of Florida shall be a man who owes his
election to the saloon interest of the State,
or a man who owes his election to the God
fearing, self-respecting, patriotic people of
Florida.
It is now the duty of all voters to make
sure by their active work and their vote that
the Governor of Florida shall not for four
years owe his election to the saloons, but that
his debt of gratitude shall be to the patriotic
good people.
It is now your duty to make sure that the
officers of the various counties shall know that
the Governor does not owe his election to the
liquor interests.
It must be made clear that the saloons can
not control the State of Florida.
We beg leave to repeat that this is not a
political appeal. It is an appeal to the good
citizenship of Florida to actively assist in
protecting our State from the clutches of the
saloon keepers.
Every God-fearing, patriotic man, woman
and child in Florida should be made to under
stand that the saloons have openly challenged
the moral elements of society in Florida, and
should become at once vigorously active in the
fight to which they are so brazenly challenged.
They should appeal to every voter regard
less of how he has voted to array himself
against the domination of the State by saloons.
Vigorous action by all who oppose saloon
domination will prove to the liquor interests
that they cannot prevail.
We regret more than we can say the neces
sity for this action, but there appears to be
no alternative unless we are to submit to
,saloon (domination, which is intolerable.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
We, who unite in this communication, are
not moved by personal consideration for Mr.
Stockton or any other man.
We seek no offices or rewards of any kind.
We desire above all things to save our
State from a deep disgrace, and our institu
tions from a shock which threatens their de
struction.
Yet, as his neighbors, knowing him well,
we repeat that we unite our guarantee to his
pledge to the people that he will administer
all laws regulating the liquor traffic precisely
as the people give them to him.
Fraternally,
WM. E. BOGGS, D.D.,
Pastor First Presbyterian Church.
J. W. BIGHAM,
Pastor First M. E. Church (South).
J. ROSS PARRISH,
Pastor Snyder Memorial M. E. Church.
G. L. HANSCOM,
Pastor Union Congregational Church.
WM. A. HOBSON,
Pastor First Baptist Church.
J. A. HENDRY,
Presiding Elder M. E. Church (South) Jack
sonville Dist.
PAUL F. BROWN,
Pastor East Jacksonville Presbyterian Church.
T. F. HENDON,
City Missionary of the Baptist Church.
J. LAWTON MOON,
Pastor St. Matthew’s M. E. Church (South).
J. F. BOONE,
Pastor First Christian Church.
N. H. WILLIAMS,
Pastor Springfield M. E. Church (South).
J. B. LEY,
Agent Southern College M. E. Church (South).
E. F. LEY,
Presiding Elder East Coast Disttriet M. E.
Church (South).
E. A. HARRISON,
Pastor Riverside Methodist Episcopal Church
(South).
The undersigned being providentially absent
from the State on the 19, of May, when the
First Primary was held, has carefully inform
ed himself as to the indications of corruption
then given, and he is fully prepared to
sustain and endorse the statement made in
this paper. E. A. HARRISON.
» ,
NOTICE, IOWA POPULISTS.
Brothers, we want to organize the state of
lowa for Populism and we want you to help.
Let every Populist and every friend of this
reform cause who receives a copy of this pa
per send us, at once, the names and postoffice
address of at least one good man in his coun
ty, and one in each of his adjoining counties,
that will serve as county chairman and one as
secretary for the People’s Party in lowa.
Then business will begin. Address, J. R.
Noyman, Chairman People’s Party, State Com
mittee, Albia, lowa.
RENEW! RENEW!
Subscribers to the Weekly Jeffersonian
who wish to renew for a full year may
send us seventy-five cents. This offer is
good for the newt thirty days only.
ANNGUNGEMENT.
so the People of Hart County:
I am a candidate for Senator from 31st
District, subject to Democratic primary. If
elected, I will serve the whole people and op
pose specific privileges and extravagant ap
propriations.
JULIAN B. McCURRY.
BOUND VOLUMES OF THE JEFFERSON
IAN MAGAZINE FOR 1907.
Did you know that these two books have
1,200 pages of reading matter? They are
beautifully and profusely illustrated with
line cuts and half-tones, and many cartoons
by Gordon Nye.
The volumes contain the best selections in
prose and poetry, short stories and special ar
ticles, besides a vast amount of information
on governmental questions, economic prob
lems and political history.
These books will add permanent value to
any Library. Price for the set for 1907, $2.50.
Sent as a Premium for 5 subscriptions to the
magazine, or 8 subscriptions to the weekly
Jeffersonian. Address,
THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
Full Sets Back Numbers
Wb can supply back numbers of the
Jeffersonian Magazine all the way
back to the first issue.
Price, 15c for single copies.
Price, $1.50 for the full set for 1907.
twelve numbers. Address:
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Keep Up Your French
READ Le Courrier des Etats-Unis
the official French newspaper in America. Lat
est news from Paris. SHORT AND SERIAL
STORIES. Parisian fashions. Literary con
tributions by prominent writers.
La Cuisine Francaise. Sample copy free.
Address Mr. Alexandre, Subscription Dept, 195
Fulton St., New York City.
100 PRINTED ENVELOPES FREE
With your return name and address, if you
send 25 cents for a year’s subscription to
THE RURAL GEORGIAN. The Great Depart
ment Monthly. It should be in every South
ern home. You will be pleased, or money re
funded. Address: THE RURAL GEORGIAN,
Gainesville, Ga.
CHEAP TO SUBSCRIBERS
For the next thirty days we will accept
seven ty-five cents from our subscribers,
to renew their subscription to the Week
ly Jeffersonian for a full year.
PAGE FIVE