PAGE FOUR
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
Stoessel Condemned.
General Stoessel, the defender of Port Ar
thur, is given death sentence. The court rec
ommends that the death sentence of Stoessel
be commuted to ten years’ imprisonment in
a fortress and that he be excluded from the
service. Stoessel was a favorite friend of
General Kuropatkin.
Fleet at Callao.
Thousands gathered to see the American bat
tleship fleet. The welcome extended by the
people of Callao was enthusiastic. Crowds
had come down from Lima, and the docks
were thronged with people.
Cotton Association Meets.
The Southern Cotton Association assembled
in a-convention at Dallas, Texas, Wednesday,
February 19. Delegates were present from all
the Southern states. Harvie Jordan called
the meeting to order.
Treasurer a Suicide.
John F. Randolph, treasurer of all the com
panies comprising the Edison plant at West
Orange, N. J., and private secretary to Thomas
A. Edison, committed suicide on February 17.
Harriman and Fish Silent.
Both Harriman and Fish are silent as to
the railroad case. Neither of them will talk
of. the case.
American Citizen Banished.
Jhe American citizen who
wtjJMßMktejLK&QQftflx fn Odessa on the charge
nected with the .revolutionary or-
Been released, but was or
dered to leave Russia within ten days.
French and Moors Fight.
On February 16 and 17 the French troops
had a battle with the Moors at a point about
fifteen miles southeast of Fedala. Several
were killed and wounded.
Vanderbilt Robbed.
Thief enters home of the millionaire and
gets costly silverwaiw Caught in pawnshop.
Morgan Favors Aldrich Bill.
J. P. Morgan was in Washington on Feb
ruary 17 to devote his attention to the Aid
rich bill now before the senate.
Tobacco Trust Indicted.
The grand jury of Fayette county, Ken
tucky, has indicted the American Tobacco
Company on a charge of conspiracy to reduce
the price of raw tobacco.
Probing Ice Trust.
Governor Hughes, of New York, is after
the American lee Company. He has desig
nated Attorney General Jackson as special at
torney for the prosecution.
Bill to Restore Motto.
► A bill to restore to the United States coin
the motto, “ In God We Trust,” will be re
ported to the lower house of congress by the
THE JEFFERSONIAN
committee on coinage next Wednesday, Feb
ruary 26.
Taft Makes Speech.
On February 18 Secretary Taft made a
speech to a large crowd in Phoenix Hall, Con
cord, New Hampshire.
Railroad Men Endorse President.
One thousand, five hundred men represent
ing the employes of the railroads met in At
lanta on February 23. They endorsed the
action of President Roosevelt in ordering the
chairman of the interstate railway commis
sion to investigate the action of the Louis
ville and Nashville road in cutting wages.
Successful Tour.
Dr. Soule, with his educational train, reaches
Columbus, Ga. This ends the second week,
1,776 miles being traveled this week by the
special train.
Banquet For Fleet.
A magnificent banquet was given on the
evening of February 22, by President Pardo,
at Lima, Peru, in honor of Washington’s
birthday, to the officers of the American fleet.
Some 250 were present. The walls of the hall
were covered with American and Peruvian
flags.
Anarchist Shoots Priest.
Father Leo was shot and killed in St. Eliza
beth ’s church at Denver on February 23, while
administering the sacrament. Kneeling at
the altar rail, between two men, the assassin
pressed the muzzle of a revolver against the
body of the priest and shot him through the
heart. Guarnaccto, the assassin, flet from the
church, but was captured. He is an Italian.
Large congregation witnessed the murder.
Jim Crow Cars Wanted.
Representative Heflin, of Alabama, asks for
Jim Crow cars for Washington, D. C. The
negro question was revived in the house of
representatives and a .debate followed.
BROWN IS URGED TO ENTER RACE.
(Continued from Page One.)
manufacturers and those in other walks of
life.
“But the gravity of the present conditions
wherein the observance of a time-honored cus
tom, and one highly commendable in itself, is
antagonized by a possibility of the industrial
ruin of our demands that no answer
be made to these calls without conscientious
deliberation. I do not by these words indi
cate in the slightest degree a purpose either
way, although I will state that the ambitious
of my life have not been in political lines.
Wants People to Know the Truth.
* 1 Allow me to state, however, that in all the
communications which I have made public on
the issues of the past two years, I have held
in mind the honors heaped by the people of
Georgia upon my father, Joseph E. Brown,
and have felt that the people had the right
to demand that his son should be honest in
exposing the damaging untruths disseminated
by designing demagogues, and that this task
should be performed through gratitude to and
love for our people, and not with the aim or
desire for personal preferment. -
“I have faith in God; I have faith in the
people, and when the people learn the
truth, they will do the right. It is there
fore the duty of those who know the truth
to tell it fearlessly. Public opinion will en
force the demands which the judgment of the
people has found based upon the truth.” —At-
lanta Constitution.
i The Hocus Pocus Money Book’*
Published in 1904, showed that existing condi
tions made a commercial panic in the near
future inevitable —and why? Its 200 pages are
filled with incontrovertible economic principles
and astonishing facts, sustained by figures from
the U. S. Comptroller’s Reports, and bank or
gans, proving that the deposit banking system
—as it has been maneged in the past —is the
real cause of every commercial panic ever
known, and most of the periods of business de
pression that have afflicted this country. And,
what is still more important, it shows how their
recurrence can be made impossible —and the de
mand for services and products made to always
equal the supply—without wronging any one, or
costing the people a dollar. Book sellers and
news dealers can not afford to antagonize the
banks by handling this book. Do not blame
them —but send for the book yourself. Terms,
by mail: Single copy, 25 cents, 5 for sl. Ad
dress the author,
ALBERT GRIFFIN,
906 Madison St., Topeka, Kansas.
COUPON
ALBERT GRIFFIN, 906 Madison St., Topeka, Kan.
Enclosed find 25 cents, for which send me one copy
of your book.
Name
Adress
rwi ~~ “ t —ri i n mi—l ■« ■ ■■■—]£ ■
CLOSE COMMUNION
With the FARMERS HOME
JOURNAL’S advertising col
umns ■will be to your advantage
if you have Horses, Cattle, Hogs,
Sheep, Poultry, Jacks, Mules,
Seed, Implements, Farms, or any
thing eke for sale. For rates
and information, address
1 FARMERS HOME JOI/REAL,
514 Third Street, LOUISVILLE, KY,