PAGE TEN
Obe 3effersoitian
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than sl. CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
M 4| t,ie above date appears on
I*l | I II the label on your paper it
means that your subscrip-
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Ga., April 21, 1910
Harvie Jordan and The Cotton
Journal
Mr. Harvie Jordan’s card in the Sunday is
sue of the Atlanta Constitution is a fine ex
ample of the bluffing manner in which char
acters of a certain type endeavor to intimi
date editors and silence the press.
I have not libelled Mr. Jordan, nor any one
else. The editorial in The Jeffersonian to
which he refers was brief and well within the
legal limits. Harvie had begun a series of
take-care-of-the-farmer articles, in the Macon
Telegraph. This, in connection with a fact
communicated to me by Charlie Barrett, the
last time he was at my house, suggested the
idea that Harvie was maneuvering for lead-
again, among the much-farmed farm
ers—said fact being that Harvie had gone
over to Alabama, and joined the Farmers' 1
Union.
Commenting upon Harvie’s Telegraph ar
ticles, I merely ventured to say that if he
would explain how he and Richard Cheat
ham blew in about $200,000, in four years,
running a weekly paper, the story would be
more interesting, as reading matter, than the
somewhat stale and prosy stuff that he was
furnishing the Macon Telegraph.
Where’s the libel? I’ve got my facts
straight, and my motive is not unworthy.
There were five hundred men and women who
pinned their faith to The Cotton Journal
Company, invested their hard-earned money
in it, and have now nothing to show for it.
Harvie Jordan was President of the Com
pany. He was in the Atlanta office where the
business was managed. He did not resign
until April, 1909, when the Company of which
he had. all along, been President was abso
lutely insolvent.
From Harvie’s letter in the Sunday paper,
it would never be gathered that he was not
only . stockholder, and Editor-in-Chief, but
President of The Cotton Journal Company!
Upon the ornate letter-head of the corpora
tion ran, in brilliant red letters, the name—
“ The Cotton Journal Publishing Co.
Capital Stock, $100,000.”
Next underneath, came
“HARVIE JORDAN, PRESIDENT.”
Mr. John I). Walker, of Sparta, appears as
“Treasurer”.
Harvie says that “Watson came into the
affairs of the Company about thirty days
after I resigned”.
This cool and delusive statement reminds
me of a story. I must tell it in my own way,
if you will be so kind as to permit me.
Did you ever hear of a man named Henry
Reed? Do you happen to know such a per
son? If you do, you will not be a bit sur
prised at what follows.
The said Henry Reed was the Associate-
Bbe Ifoffcrsoßlaa
Editor of Harvie, the Chief. There is a say
ing about man and master, and another say
ing about birds of a feather; but that’s neith
er here nor there.
Aly present plan and purpose is to tell you
when and how “Watson came into affairs of
our Company”.
It is probable, though by no means certain,
that Henry Reed paid for a R. R. ticket; for,
on a certain Spring morning, a year ago,
Henry made a temporary addition to the pop
ulation of Thomson. Not only that, but he
wended his way up the hill upon which my
activities and strenuosities domicile them
selves. Think he had been here to see our
Business Alanager once before,* but am not
sure of that detail. At all events, James La
nier came to my den, and requested me to go
down to the “Parly” and meet Henry Reed.
Went down. Met Henry. Listened, en
wrapped, while Henry evolved his proposi
tion. Os all the plausible talkers that ever I
heard—but why dwell?
The essence of the business was that The
Cotton Journal Company was up against it;
but if I would lend $7,000, they would print
The Jeffs at cost, and the Heavens would
wear a broad, eternal smile.
In favor of his proposition, need I say that
Henry talked with exceeding plausibility? I
told him, how T ever, that it was useless to ask
me to touch anything which Harvie Jordan
was connected. He said that Harvie was
about to resign. Told him that when I saw
it in black and white, there would be some
thing doing.
Harvie, soon afterwards, addressed to Rich
ard Cheatham, the Business Alanager, a letter
most carefully worded, but which amounted
to a resignation, and to an adroit laying of
everything that had happened on the shoul
ders of him, the said Richard.
It has been a mystery to me why Cheat
ham failed to detect the true inwardness of
Harvie’s parting words.
In effect, they amounted to this: “remem
ber, Richard, if any smash-up occurs, YOU
are responsible, not me.”
The loan of $7,000 was made by me.
Through Judge Hines, the past-due debts of
the concern were paid off, to the extent of
about $4,700. The balance of the loan, (about
$2,300) was turned over to Richard Cheat
ham. Henry Reed had smoothly—oh, how
smoothly!—assured me that, with this work
ing balance, he and Richard could run the
business very nicely.
We did not find it so. Tn fact, it wasn’t
long before Henry got (as I must assume)
another R. R. ticket and came journeying
down to Thomson, again. Wanted more
money, on the same collateral. Oh, just two
or three thousand dollars! Well, he didn’t
get it. (Henry, I am given to understand,
says that I am a mighty hard man to please.)
Pretty soon after this, we had to pay, in
advance, for the paper on which The Jeffs
were printed. Air. Wells, the dealer in pa
per, refused to credit The Cotton Journal
Company. There was nothing for me to do,
but to “come across”. Wells is a good man;
and I didn’t blame him in the least for not
being willing to credit Cheatham and Reed.
We still buy our paper from Mr. Wells, to
our entire satisfaction, and to his.
Bless my time! word came over the long
distance telephone, not long afterwards, that
the printers had not been paid, and were
suing out Laborers’ Liens and levying on the
plant. I had to give the bonds to release the
property and keep the concern going—my
friend, Clark Howell, signing as my security.
Cheatham and Reed didn't lift a finger to
protect the plant. Indeed, these remarkable
men—oh, how remarkable!—seemed to derive
a somewhat “ghoulish glee”, at the embar
rassment the levies were causing us.
It became necessary for me to guarantee
their wages to the printers, to keep them at
the work. I didn’t blame them at all for
being dissatisfied, when they saw Cheatham
and Reed pocketing the proceeds of my week
ly checks for their big salaries —leaving the
actual workers unpaid. I stood for the wages,
to keep the business running; and Mr. Mc-
Ginley, the Foreman, and his men have been
most loyal and efficient.
Not long after this tangle was straightened
out, the Landlord of the building became
deeply concerned over the question of the non
payment of the rent. This was, by no means,
unnatural. Non-payment of rent has been
known to pester and perturb landlords, be
fore.
To keep from being ejected, and the busi
ness from being seriously damaged, I had to
become Mr. Andrews' 1 tenant. Which worked
out all right, for Air. Andrews and I haven’t
had the slightest difficulty in getting along,
agreeably. I pay the SIOO per month, regu
larly, and regularity of payment is a thing
which pleases my landlord, as it does all
others.
But our tribulations were not ended. One
day an inexperienced agent, representing one
of the firms which had sold machinery to The
Cotton Journal Company on credit and with
reservation of title, appeared on the scene
with a force of laborers, a dray, and (as I re
member,) ropes and, grappling hooks, to tear
the plant to pieces! This inexperienced per
son meant to have his firm’s part of the plant,
then and there, vi et armis, brutem fulmen,
and so forth!
Had it not been for the firmness of the
Managing Editor and of R. W. AlcGinley,
the Foreman, The Cotton Journal establish
ment would have been practically wrecked;
and my own business temporarily suspended!
To Air. F. L. Seeley, I am under obligations
for his prompt kindness in signing the bond
which prevented what would have been a
heavy calamity to The Jeffs.
Zn brief, it became absolutely necessary for
me to protect The Cotton Journal Company,
and my own business, by paying off ALL of
the debts due on the plant. The presses, the
linotype machine, the folder—nothing had
been paid for, in full. Against my will, I
had to protect Airs. Watson’s interest—the
$7,000 note having been transferred to her for
value, last May—by securing the assignment
to her of every one of these reserve-title claims
against Harvie’s plant.
The equity of redemption is all that Har
vie’s company now owns, or ever did own, in
the plant.
Considering that stock to the amount of
$90,000 was issued; and that the income from
subscriptions and advertisements must have
been much more than $100,000; and that
about $6,000 went into Cheatham’s hands, a
year ago; and that it has required somewhere
in the neighborhood of $12,000 of our money
to clear off liens on the plant; and that The
Jeffs have had to pay all the operating ex
penses, (greatly in excess of our contract with
The C. J. Co.) I consider this case one of the
most remarkable on record.
No wonder Harvie is agitated. No wonder
he blusters and threatens. In his hurry-call
meeting, last week, he threatened me not only
with suits and indictments, but with personal
violence.
Go slow, Harvie. I have not accused you,
as yet, of committing any fraud or crime.
Gross negligence, as President of your com
pany, is manifest. To what extent you knew
of Cheatham’s doings, I do not, as yet, know.
But it certainly looks strange that at your
hurry-call meeting of non-resident Directors
?/£?/ again took sides with Cheatham, Reed
and Dr eg er. The very men who are under
suspicion were appointed to investigate their
own books, papers and correspondence.
IV hy did you do that, Harvie? Were you
willing for them to get possession of papers
which it might be to their interest to destroy?
Tn the interest of common honesty, we will
keep that safe, unopened, until Mr. J. P. Al
lison, Mr. B. L. Umber ger and Dr. Moreland
can be present. In behalf of the five hundred