PAGE FOUR
HAT was a real nugget
of Simon-pure wisdom
which Mr. Taft gave ut
terance to at Athens,
Georgia, last week and
while sane and wholesome
sentiment had found it
out considerably in ad
vance of the president-
z
elect, to his position is due a weight
which will attach henceforth to the
four words, “Marriage is not all.”
The exaltation in all impractical
and insincere ways of the “wife and
mother” had progressed until it was
a kind of dementia. Few public men
have ever been brave enough to get
away from the platitudes, when speak
ing upon sociological matters, when
indeed they could be induced to de
liver ther'selves at all. For the main
part, silence was their refuge; and
only waxing expansive at the banquet
board did they drag forth some tar
nished gem of oratory and trundle out
for the awed edification of their
unctuous fellows the inevitable po
etical allusions to all feminine rela
tives with the single exception of—-
the maiden aunt. If one such
chanced to be among the family re
alities or traditions she was shrouded
in dim obscurity, together with the
scape-grace brother or any other fam
ily skeleton. Even the stepmother
who often toiled her weary soul out
for a thankless brood might in rare
instances get a faint ray of the gen
eral glory, but the spinster was a
subject strictly taboo. And now
comes a veritable martyr to truth
who admits, yea, publicly, that she
may have developed her own char
acter and helped other people even
minus a Mr. Bowser and the twins!
While, in all seriousness and rev
erence, the Madonna type of woman
hood is the sweetest and loveliest
picture upon which the world-weary
eye may rest, it is not by harrying
and hurrying girls into matrimony
that it may of a truth be exempli
fied. Marriage should be a sacrament
and motherhood the tenderest pleas
ure, the holiest responsibility known.
How in thousands upon thousands
of instances they are neither is a
truth which has been sedulously over
looked. The openly expressed fear
that pecuniary independence would
“unfit women for matrimony” proves
but too clearly how cruel must be a
system which has for ages been based
upon the coercion of grim necessity.
Formerly, the unmarried woman had
neither economic nor social freedom.
In marriage, she found a certain
amount of the latter. As a, matron,
she was given a certain standing not
possible in any community as a maid.
From the standpoint of a livelihood,
also, since the average man is not a
niggard, the family purse was par
tially hers in away never dreamed
of in the girlhood home. That this
system has worked fairly well may be
argued; but so also might it be said
that the systems "of China, India,
Japan and the less progressive coun
tries of Europe worked well. From
Under The Vine and Fig Tree
Conducted by Grace Kirkland
a masculine standpoint, the subjec
tion of woman appeared necessary to
domestic comfort and political con
trol, and frOm a feminine standpoint,
there was little to be gained in pro
testing against what seemed inevit
able. But the question is not
whether or not the world has managed
to wag along, but whether there may
not be sweeter and higher civiliza
tion waiting upon the emancipation
of women from the thralldom of sex?
True, no woman may be forced to
marry against her will, and in this re
spect, like many others, law is far
more liberal and protective than is
custom, or the silent pressure exerted
by family, friends, the church, the
community in general, which subjects
A Mother ’s Prayer
Though I would die all deaths before one hair
Should suffer harm upon that head so fair,
Nor strength nor love avails. I only may,
Watching in anguish, stand apart —and pray.
For now an errant path hath lured her far,
Into that land where dear delusions are
Bright bubble-blown from out the pipe of dreams,
To burst amid the splendor of their gleams;
Where she will find the bonds of love that were
To be unfailing, shall prove gossamer;
Where once the sunset smiled, the tempest black
Shall bar her palsied soul and hurl it back.
When she must meet the fury, bear the pain,
Oh, lead her to this mother-love again!
I may not heal the heart-break, yet ’twere sweet,
To bathe, in tears, her wayward, wounded feet!
the bachelor maid to a cruel psycho
logical vivisection on the slightest in
dication that she is going to “be dif
ferent from other girls.”
We have long needed a fairer at
titude of mind, and, thanks be, we
are acquiring it. Not long ago I lis
tened to the chat of two ladies well
known to me, one a success in her
profession, whose life is a benedic
tion to all who know her; the other
a “wife and mother,” who seems
fairly content. Said the professional
woman: “I feel more and more, ev
ery day, the need of my own fireside
and little ones of my own about me.”
•Said the other: “What has the world
done to deserve children?” The
mother instinct, as I knew, was nat
urally strong in both, but to the un
married had never come the right man
and she had been brave enough to
take no substitute for him. The other
expressed in a word the disgust for
the social conditions in general which
she knew in a more practical way.
Wh&t has the world done; what is it
doing, that women should continue to
immolate themselves upon the altar of
suffering merely that the race should
maintain its proud census reports?
Wouldn’t it better to widen the doors
of freedom of choice, by encouraging
the girl to be the best human being
she can, and then trust that the “old,
Heffersonian
sweet story” may come to her in
good time? Should she not await
love’s flowering in the right time and
way, instead of thinking that mar
riage is all and suffering oftentimes a
tragic or dreary mistake.
Assuredly it must be through the
broadening and brightening of the
feminine horizon that better condi
tions are at all possible. The history
of a man-governed world has been a
record black with wrong, and red with
war and crime. The pleasure of
parenthood is as yet a selfish one.
Certes, something must be done to
make potential wives and mothers feel
that the world not only needs, but
deserves the little souls fresh from
God.
PROGRESS OF AMERICAN
WOMANKIND.
Foreign noblemen are in the habit
of exchanging defunct titles for
American girls with fortunes.
Thus they testify their opinion of
American girls. It isn’t much of a
testimonial.
Foreign women, however, again and
again speak in the highest praise of
American girls.
'Considering the success with which
the American girl takes the prize of
these foreign noblemen from her, one
of two conclusions is inevitable:
either they are sincere in their praise,
or they do not inventory the value of
the much (American-) prized title as
highly as does the American girl.
The characteristic differences be
tween the American girl and the
flowers which grow across the pond
are the natural outgrowths of differ
ent customs, different points of view.
The leaning willow, the clinging ivy
here has passed away as a type.
Our colleges and schools are striv
ing to make good, healthy, muscular
athletes out of our womankind —
training them, in proportion to their
strength, along the same line as their
brothers.
They are filling their heads with
the same sort of knowledge.
, They make bold to believe that
what is really and substantially good
for the boy, mentally or physically, is
equally good for the girl.
The American household trusts its
girls more than any other on the globe.
Trust begets self-confidence and a
desire to be worthy of trust.
It begets real independence of
spirit—the spirit of the eagle.
An American girl’s face on the
American coin is a prouder badge or
insignia than could be the facsimile
of the greatest crown or the wisest
and loftiest inscription devisable.
It is not to be wondered at that
such a product, reared amidst such
conditions, should champion the high
est consideration of the old world.
Wait a decade and see the Ameri
can woman exercising the voice of
citizenship; passing upon the quality
of men and women who shall serve in
public -office; realizing that her rights
are equal to those of the proudest
king—and you are going to see a race!
Giants are to come from it.
No people have ever risen higher
than the standard to which they have
permitted their women to attain.
Chivalry was never yet acquired or
retained by the enslavement of wo
mankind.
It has existed in spite of it. *
The elevation of womankind to a
pedestal too high and holy for her
participation in the affairs of this only
life we know anything about is poppy
cock, supported politically by bummers
who know what would happen to
them if women voted and on the other,
by unreasoning slaves of ancient cus
tom.
The eagle looks to the sun.
The oeak of this nation is turned
toward the light.
Enormous responsibilities and enor
mous problems in economics and so
ciology have to be solved by it.
But it will never go backward to
circumscribing human liberty.
•Chivalry is best understood by us
as a desire to let our women-folks
have-their way.
The worst bossed home in the world
is that in which the man is supreme
and in which the wife is made to feel
that she must consult that lord high
ruler of the universe before doing the
slightest thing on her own initiative.
And maybe some of our gravest
problems would be easier if today our
women were voting on the making of
presidents and other public officers.—
The Harlequin.
WANTED—A GIRL’S LETTER.
Girls, anywhere in the world, write
us letters. We want nice, sweet,
pleasant letters, that will be worth the
reading. Write plainly on one l side
of the paper, and do not use more
than fifty words. Write about any
thing you like. For the best letter
received in the next two weeks we
will give a prize of fifty splendid
post cards. Address your letters to
the Jeffersonian Post Card Club,
Thomson, Ga.