PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian.
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Poetoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do no{ send checks for less than sl. CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
TpWpWTb If the above date appears on
JP Fj 81* aif the label on your paper it
nieans that your subscrip
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Georgia, February 10, 1910
WARNING
We are informed that a man who signs his
name as “Anthony Hawthorn” or “A. Haw
thorn” has been traveling over the country,
representing himself as an agent for the Jeffer
sonians, and has been taking subscriptions and
collecting money for them at Auburn, Winder,
Canton, and other points.
This is to notify all concerned that Anthony
Hawthorn has never been, is not now, and
never will be an authorized agent of the Jeffer
sonians, and that he has no right to take sub
scriptions, or to collect money for us.
Thomson, Ga. Jeffersmuans
Hello, Brethren! Are You Run
ning Your Religious Papers
According to Law?
My friends—perhaps I should say my dear
Brothers, —Dr. Lengee Broughton and W.
Weary Upshaw flatter themselves that they
are doing great good by publishing a weekly
paper known as The Golden Age. Their
amiable supposition would be well founded,
to a limited extent, if they’d leave out Coca-
Cola advertisements, and run the amusing
little thing according to law. But when my
dear Brothers advertise Coca-Cola, and vio
late the laws of the land they necessarily im
pair the beneficial influence of Willie’s edi
torials, the Doctor’s weekly Sermon, and the
regular Sunday-school Lesson.
The law is that a weekly paper must not go
to a tired subscriber longer than four months
after he has as good as said, by his refusal to
renew, that he has had enough. The law, in
its wisdom, sagely supposes that every citizen
has the right to judge for himself when he
has had a bellyful. Consequently, when he
rises from the table, as who should say, “I
have the greatest plenty, thank you,” he shall
not be pestered more than four months, after
that.
But certain papers pay no attention to the
law, and The Golden Age is one of the worst
offenders.
“There lies before me as I write,” a letter
from the Publishers’ Adjusting Association,
of Kansas City, Missouri, to a citizen of Geor
gia who, in an unfortunate moment, paid
fifty cents to have The Golden Age sent to
him for six months. When his time expired,
he wrote to Willie to stop his paper. Further
more, he saw Willie’s agent, and asked him,
to have the paper stopped. He moved off the
Rural Route, but the paper kept on going to
the box. It was in May, 190 G, that the gen
tleman subscribed: it was in December, 1909,
‘Bfye Jeffersonian
that the Adjusting Association wrote the let
ter already mentioned. And what do you
suppose was the amount of the claim?
Eight dollars! They had the hardihood to
demand payment up to August, 1910.
And the letter demanding this outrageous,
illegal sum is one of the most sarcastically
insulting missives that ever came to my no
tice.
The Association which is trying to bulldoze
this gentleman into paying an unlawful de
mand, not only insults him as though he were
a yellow dog, but insinuates that something
terrible will be done to him, if he doesn’t act
the coward and pay an unjust account.
I can say upon good authority that other
religious papers are just as bad about this as
The Golden Age is.
They keep up a fictitious and lawless circu
lation to hold the advertising patronage. The
Government loses money on every pound of
this kind of mail that the railroads haul:
therefore, these papers are helping the cor
porations, and hurting the people, when they
continue to go to people whose time is out.
Think of the tons of mail thus illegally put
into the cars! The amount must be pro
digious.
77/e Wesleyan Christian Advocate is one of
these lawbreakers.
How about yourself, Christian Index?
And how about YOU, The Presbyterian?
And how is it with YOU, little Go For
ward?
Hon. Wm. A. Oldfield, of Arkansas,
Made a speech in Congress, January 8,
1910; and from this source I learn some
things that I did not know before.
(1) There is a general statute which al
lows a railroad company to cut timber on
Government land adjacent to its right of
wav.
(2) There is a statute which allows an
actual settler and citizen to take timber from
Government land adjacent to his own.
(3) The Federal Courts have decided that
the word “adjacent ’, in the statute referring
to railroads, means public domain, all the
way from the railroad track to twenty-five
miles out in the Government timber!
(4) In the case of the private citizen, the
Interior Department has decided that the
privilege to take timber off the public do
main is limited to fifty dollars' worth.
To preach on these astounding facts would
but weaken their force.
The Best Defense of Foreign Mis
sions
A friend of ours, living in the Philippine
Islands, takes issue with us on the subject of
Foreign Missions, and writes a 27-page de
fense of the system. It is, by all odds, the
best argument on that side that we have ever
read. It beats President McLean, R. J.
Crumpton and Secretary Archibald, of Ala
bama, too far to talk about.
Besides, the article breathes of Christian
spirit and evidences a breadth of view which
contrast refreshingly with the narrow, intol
erant and abusive outpouring of the Nortons,
Scovilles, Lovetts, Ellises, etc.
Now, if we were disposed to - be as unfair
to them as they have been to us, we would re
fuse to publish the very able paper which
comes to us from the far East. But because
we believe in letting our readers see both
sides, in order that they may intelligently
form opinions on the important questions
which we discuss, the letter from the Philip
pines will be given to you in the March num
ber of our Magazine.
Be sure to read it. Then write to The
Christian Index, and The Wesleyan Christian
Advocate, and ask them why THEY are
afraid to publish “the other side".
A Most Disgraceful Decision
Austria is one of the very few modern
States which lies at the feet of dago Pappy,
kissing the big toe of that old bronze statue
of Jupiter, on which they stuck the head of
Saltpeter.
The royal house of Austria is notorious for
its Catholic bigotry. Throughout official
dom, prevails the rankest intolerance and
medieval superstition. But, while this has
long been universally known, the whole world
opens its eyes, to the widest possible extent,
over a decision handed down by the upper
court at Vienna, last week.
A poor old woman, who runs a little shop
in Cracow, used waste paper to wrap the par
cels bought by her customers. Some of this
paper consisted of Catholic journals which,
as a matter of course, had pictures of
“Saints” in them.
The fanatical priests prosecuted this old
woman for “irreligious behavior”; and she
was sentenced to seven days in jail, and a
twenty-four hours' fast.
The “upper court at Vienna” affirmed this
ridiculous and barbarous sentence.
Don’t you find it hard to believe that such
enormities can be perpetrated in the name of
law, civilization and Christianity?
But the same thing is coming to us, mighty
fast. Even now, the Catholics of New York
won’t let the newspapers print cartoons cari
caturing the Papa. You may cartoon Presi
dents, Governors, Senators, Kings and
Queens as much as you like—but you musn’t
cartoon Pappy.
In the Hearst papers, Brisbane had a man
ly editorial on the martyr to modern learn
ing, Ferrer, whom the Spanish priests hound
ed to his death. But the Catholic journals
savagely “went-after” Brisbane, and silenced
him.
Oh, yes: Pappy’s folks have about got us
where they want us. While we were going
crazy over Catholic Europe and South Amer
ica, Pappy’s folks quietly moved over, and
took possession of North America.
Teasing the Preachers
(number four.)
Say, Parson, how much did it cost you to
fetch Ellis down here to abuse me?
Was the investment satisfactory? Do you
feel sufficiently encouraged to try it again?
A little bird whispered it to me that Ellis’
continued abuse of Watson, at the Macon
Convention, aroused hissing, in the audience.
Is that so, Parson?
Ellis spoke of my "abysmal ignorance”.
Then he wrote me a letter from Macon con
taining the word “epochical”. Is there such
a word in the English or any other language,
Parson ?
He should have written “epochal”, shouldn’t
he?
Why did your scholarly import exhibit
such abysmal ignorance of our language; and
why did your truthful witness say that he
told Bryan to read one of my books several
years before it was written ?
If we should succeed in making Ellises out
o£ the heathen, don’t you think we’d be play
ing it rather low down on the heathen?
Say, Parson, where is the Scripture for the
“Oratorio Concert” which has become a regu
lar feature in such churches as the Jackson
Hill Baptist Church of Atlanta?
In the published program for January 2.
1910, I note that this Baptist Church puts
two advertisements of Coca-Cola. Don’t you
think it a horrible thing for a Baptist church
to indorse and recommend a beverage which
the Federal Government warns the people to
avoid, and which the Woman’s Christian
Temperance Union classes with pernicious
drinks?
In that published program appears an ad
vertisement of “Ham, sweet Ham”, in which