SOm PAGES PRO Pl PIP SCRAP ROOK
JACKSON’S HERMITAGE.
On a beautiful, sunshiny, crisp day in the
winter of 1892 kind friends in Nashville drove
us out to the Hermitage, a dozen miles from
Nashville, where Gen. Andrew Jackson had
his home from 1804 until 1845, and where he
died June 8 of that year, after a residence
of forty-One years. He was probably the
most vigorous and the best type of the bold,
self-reliant, and successful hero, statesman,
and soldier that America has ever produced.
Certainly no other man of the age in which
he lived ever planted the impress of his char
acter in more deeply enduring lines upon
the people and the institutions of the Amer
ican nation. There is a dispute whether Jack
son was born in North or South Carolina.
What seems to be established by authentic
history is that he was born in North Caro
lina, within a quarter of a mile of the bound
ary line between the two Carolinas, in a log
house, on the 15th of March, 1767, and that
his father died a few days after his birth,
and that his mother, three weeks after he was
born, went to reside with her brother-in-law,
a Mr. Crawford, over the line near Waxham
Creek, in South Carolina, where he passed
his earlier years. In a letter of December 24,
1830, and in his proclamation to the nullifiers
in 1832, and in his will, Jackson speaks of
himself as a native of South Carolina, but the
best evidence shows that he was born north
.of the border. His father was a native of
the north coast of Ireland, w 7 ho emigrated
from Carrickfergus in 1765. His mother,
Elizabeth Huntington, was a linen weaver,
and his paternal grandfather was a linen
draper. From such peaceful ancestors sprang
the most pugnacious, self-willed, and heroic
genius that America boasts of in the first half
of this century. All the education he obtained
was in an old field school, where he learned
only the “three rudimental R’s,” and never
in his life was he able to write English cor
rectly. At 13 years of age he began his
career as a fighter, and was present at Hang
ing Rock, in South Carolina, in 1780, when
Sumter surprised and destroyed an English
regiment. His mother and two brothers died
from hardships, incident to the Revolutian
ary war. He told, in later years, of being
carried a prisoner to Camden, where he was
nearly starved and cut with a sword by a
brutal officer for refusing to clegn his boots.
His hatred of the British was intense through
life, and he gloried in getting square with
them at New Orleans. Alone in the world, in
1781 he was apprenticed to a saddler, was for
a time a teacher in an “old field school,” and
at 18 a student in a law office. At this time
he was described as “the most roaring, rol
licking, game-cocking, horse racing, card play
ing, mischievous fellow who had ever lived
in the town.” His biographer says at this
time Jackson was much more industrious in
the agriculture of sowing wild oats than in
the study of jurisprudence. He never had a
legal mind or much knowledge of the law,
but in 1788, at the age of 21, he had acquired
such a reputation as a border lawyer that he
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
was thought to know enough law to fill the of
fice of Public Prosecutor for the western dis
trict of North Carolina, the district since
erected into the State of Tennessee. It is
said that the emigrant wagon train which took
Jackson to Nashville, then a frontier settle
ment, carried news of the ratification of the
Federal Constitution by the requisite two
thirds of the States, Tennessee did not be
come a State until 1796, the third that was ad
mitted under the Federal Constitution. Jack
son soon had law business enough, for at the
spring term of 1790 he had forty-two of the
193 cases docketed at the County Court at
Nashville, and in 1794 he had 228 of the 397
cases on the calendar, and others in adjoin
ing counties. Jackson’s great practice re
quired much journeying, so that from 1788 to
1795 he traveled between Nashville and Jones
boro, a distance of 200 miles, twenty-two
times, and in these lonely trips through the
primeval forests he had many border adven
tures with the Indians and often came near
losing his life. It was these experiences and
perils that taught Jackson to become a great
Indian fighter. In all these years Jackson
greatly prospered and made large purchases of
lands in the vicinity of Nashville.
Col. John Donelson, a Virginia surveyor in
good circumstances, emigrated in 1750 to the
vicinity of Nashville, making a remarkable
boat journey of 2,000 miles down the Holston
and Tennessee rivers and up the Cumberland
to Nashville. His daughter, Rachel Donelson,
a most beautiful and interesting woman, came
with her father. On an expedition to Ken
tucky she married Capt. Lewis Robards there,
and was considered the most sprightly girl
and best horsewoman in that region. After
living in Kentucky a while she had trouble
with her husband and mother-in-law, in which
Judge Overton of Tennessee and a Mr. Stone
were mixed up, they espousing her side in the
quarrel against the unjust, jealous, and mo
rose husband. Finally Robards sent his wife
home to her mother in Nashville, in 1788.
Col. Donelson having been murdered by the
Indians, his widow kept boarders; not for the
profit, as she was in easy circumstances, but
as a protection against the Indians. Jackson,
on his arrival at Nashville, came to board with
the Widow Donelson, as did also Judge Over
ton, and both lodged pi a near-by cabin. Rob
ards became reconciled to his wife, bought
lands near Nashville, and also came to board
with Mrs. Donelson. Jackson’s biographers
say he was a man of spotless purity, distin
guished for grave and courtly politeness, but
rendering involuntary homage to Mrs. Rob
ards. This excited the jealousy of her hus
band. Jackson’s conduct was irreproachable,
but high words came between him and the
jealous Robards, when Jackson, to avoid trou
ble for Mrs. Robards, changed his abode, and
subsequently her husband returned to Ken
tucky, threatening to return and “haunt her,”
so as to make her life miserable. In 1790, to
avoid Robards, his wife went to Natchez in
company with the venerable Col. Stark and
his family. Jackson accompanied the party
with an armed escort to prevent Indian at
tacks, but returned to Nashville as soon as his
friends had safely reached Natchez. In 1791
Kentucky was a part of Virginia. Robards
obtained permission from the Legislature of
the Old Dominion for a divorce trial before a
jury, on the allegation of his wife’s desertion,
and then deferred further action for two
years. Meanwhile it was reported and be
lieved in Nashville-that Robards had obtained
a divorce from his wife. Whereupon Jackson,
“whose chivalrous interest in Mrs. Robards’
misfortunes had ripened into sincere affec
tion,” went to Natchez in 1791, married her
there, and brought her to his home in Nash
ville. In 1793 Capt. Robards renewed his suit
and obtained a divorce in the Virginia court,
on hearing of which Jackson was greatly sur
prised, and immediately had the marriage cere
mony between him and Rachel performed over
again. Jackson blamed himself for not ob
taining accurate information on the subject
of Robards’ alleged divorce in 1791, but he
lived for forty years thereafter with his wife
in most happy and honorable wedlock. They
were very much devoted to each other during
their long union. Her family worshipped her,
and his devotion to her was such that he is
said to have had a pistol always ready for
any one who should dare to speak slightingly
of her.
Jackson was a member of the Convention
that made the Constitution of Tennessee in
1796. and proposed that the State should be
called the “Great Crooked River.” It was
the third State admitted into the Federal Un
ion. Jackson was elected as the first member
of Congress of Tennessee, the State having
only.one. He heard Washington deliver in
person his farewell message to Congress, and
was so intensely Democratic that he was one
of the twelve who voted against the adoption
of an address of approval of President Wash
ington’s Administration. He was at that ear
ly day opposed to Hamilton’s national bank
scheme. His course in the House was popular
with his constituents, and he was elected to
fill a vacancy in the United States Senate, but
resigned in 1798 on being appointed a Supreme
Court Judge of Tennessee, which office he held
for six years, and then resigned in 1804 on
account of business troubles. Having brought
this account to the year when Gen. Jackson
built the original log cabin residence, moved
there and christened his plantation the Her
mitage, it is not my intention to follow Gen.
Jackson’s life further. This is a history with
which pvaw American schoolboy ought to be
familiar.
On our delightful ride from Nashville to
the Hermitage tfe crossed the noble Cumber
land River, which is navigable from Nashville
to its mouth at Carthage, Tenn., for nine
months in the year, and for 200 miles above
the city for six months. We crossed another
considerable stream on a covered bridge, which
must be a century old, and which ought to
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
PAGE THREE