PAGE TWELVE
POLITICAL COMEDY IN GEORGIA.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
invert you, and stick your nose in the sand.
It’s bad mighty bad; but it’s a thing that’s
liable to happen to any big man who presumes
upon his bulk. The mere length of the belly
band is not the best measure of the vitality of
the horse, nor of the man. To kick any fellow
mortal is of questionable wisdom, but to kick
the wrong man is simply awful. Well, that’s
just what befell Hoke; and of course he is
sore about it. He brushed Little Joe out of
the Railroad Commission, believing that Little
Joe was nothing but a mild, turn-the-other
cheek molly-coddle; of course it was a painful
thing to learn from experience that Little Joe
was a born fighter whose coolness and judg
ment were equal to his nerve.
ror this reason Hoke, Dick et al. have found
it unusually difficult to introduce the custom
ary gracefulness into their acceptance of the
situation. On the contrary, they have been
making faces at everybody who helped to chas
ten Hoke; and the manner in which they have
been publishing fibs in the Hoke organ —whose
dew does not fall over as much of Dixie as
formerly—is quite scandalous.
(Here endeth the second lesson.)
One of the fibs published in Hoke’s organ is
to the effect that Little Joe wanted to deliver
the electoral vote of Georgia to Watson.
There’s not a word of truth in it. No deal
was ever contemplated, proposed, or made.
Another fib is that Watson has made threats
against Brown. Not a word of truth in it.
\\ atson had no right to expect anything from
Brown; did not exject anything; and does not
expect anythinp - .
Another fib is that Brown’s purchase of cer
tain extra thousands of The Jeffersonian in
fluenced Watson’s course. Not a word of
truth in it. Watson’s opposition to the changed
programme of Hoke Smith was published in
The Jeffersonian during November, 1907, sev
eral months before anybody dreamed that Gov
ernor Smith would be confronted by an oppos
ing candidate.
As to the Bodenhamer-Suttler statements, it
sufficiently appears that Watson had no con
nection whatever with the conversation. Know
ing fairly well what are the possibilities of a
given political situation, Watson knew that
Joe Brown could not deliver the electoral vote
of Georgia —even though he might personally
desire it —and nobody whomsoever had the
slightest authority to make any overtures in
that direction. •
Throughout, the relations of Brown and
Watson have been those of honorable men—
free from any unworthy deals, or any propo
sitions that might not have been cried from
the house-tops. There is no need of “affidav
its”—-those who wish to know the facts, the
SAYS HEARST IS SUBSIDIZED.
Crcnin, Who Has Gone Over to
Bryan, Fires an Arrow
Backward.
-■ ■ ■ u—
•
John T. Cronin sent to William R.
Hearst yesterday his resignation as
a member of the Hearst Slate Com
mittee. He has come out for Bryan
and accused Ah-. Hears! of being- a
boss of the regulation machine stamp
who made up his own tickets and
committees and used large sums of
money to ‘‘influence’’ delegates and
voters. Air. Cion in adds:
Now, sir, you are frankly engaged
in the task of wrecking the Demo
cratic party. That is your right and
privilege. But I charge, without
fear of> contradiction, that you are
waging a subsidized guerrilla war
fare, the sinews of which -are fur-
truth, can get the information by a direct ap
plication to Brown or to Watson.
Several weeks ago, when Hoke and Dick
were doing their utmost to unsettle the au
thority of the White Primary and to pave the
way for Negro Domination, the-Jeffersonian
editorially condemned this treachery, and made
an earnest plea for “HONESTY IN POLI
TICS.”
Now that the rising tide of popular indigna
tion has forced Hoke and Dick to quit bush
whacking Little Joe, the hope may be enter
tained that they will cease to publish fibs which
they hatch there in the Journal office.
If they don’t the dew of that very rancorous
and mendacious organ will fall upon even less
ground than at present.
(Here endeth the third lesson.)
As to the Hearst circus— no longer
even a good joke. Having divided what was
already too small to see without “specks,”
they disappear, in a little cloud of dust —raised
by the patriots who are clawing at each other -
as they retire into the obscurity from whicl*
they temporarily emerged.
Amen.
*
Political Honesty.
Statham, Ga., Sept. 17, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: In a recent issue of the Jefferson
ian you use the following language: “The man
who took part-in the June primary and now
opposes Brown is politically dishonest.”
Is it politically honest to vote against one
man when you are not for the other? e. g.:
Quite a number of men in this section will say,
“I was against Hoke Smith, but not for Joe
Brown.” Still, at the same time, they went
into the primary and cast their ballots for
Brown.
Would it not have been politically honest
for all of the voters that were prompted by
the above motives to have stayed out of the
primary altogether?
Can they honestly claim that Joe Brown is
their choice for Governor? Please answer in
Jeffersonian.
Sincerely,
w. b. McDonald.
We can not see the dishonesty of voting for
a non-satisfactory candidate in preference to
one who is more objectionable. It is choice of
evils. What the voter means in such a case is
that he would not, as an original proposition,
have favored the candidate he votes for, but
inasmuch as there are but two in the field, and
the other one is much more distasteful to him,
he casts his ballot for the lesser of the two
evils.
1 here is no dishonesty in this*vote. It was
the best the man could do under the circum-
nished by the Republican campaign
managers.
I charge that previous to your re
turn from Europe your former at
torney and the secretary of your
Chicago convention, Air. De Ford,
was '•( ii'fantly in consultation with
AAiliiam A. Ullman, the attorney
and representative of Charles P. Taft.
That ns a result of their conferences
on the 7th day of July, 1908, Mr.
Ullman wrote Air. Charles P. Taft
as follows:
July 9, 1908.
There is- a matter of tremendous
political significance brewing. I am
on the inside and within three or
four a-iys may have a disclosure to
make to von which will give you the
keenest satisfaction If >t eventuates
I will go. |o Cincinnati immediately
to see you, as it is a matter that
can not otherwise be eonimniiicaced.
v
AVill you please wire my office where
you will be from the 15th to the 18th
cf July? W. A. U.
Ullman subsequently did go to Cin
cinnati. He was in consultation with
Mr. Taft.
Jest prior to your Chicago con
vention De Foid telegraphed Ullman:
1 ' Con you come at once? Impor
tant.”
la response I liman did go to Chi
cago- and was in conference with
your managers at the Auditorium
throughout the convention.
Surely you, t'jie master of this con
vention. sr® not ignorant of these
things.
Have you become a believer in po
litical as well as ship subsidies?
The Democrats claim that the
tariff is the paramount issue in this
campaign and yet some erf the Dem-
stances. It would be dishonest, however, if,
after having gone into the primary, he should
bushwhack the successful" candidate.
H
As To Jos. Ji. "Brolvn.
Please read this epistle;
“Cochran, Ga., Sept. 17, 1908.
“Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
“Dear Sir.: The Democrats here quote you as
saying the following sentence in a speech: ‘lf
Joe Brown comes out for Wm. Jennings Bryati
for President, I will make him as helpless as
a new-born babe.’ Please answer through your
Weekly Jeffersonian. Did you say it? A'fl
swer next week.
“Yours truly.
“J.' G. WRIGHT,
“Cochran, Ga.”
And now read and remember the answer:
No; I never said anything of the kind.
There never was any “deal” made, or at
tempted, in the gubernatorial race of 1908;
and there never was a time when I asked or
expected, the support of the Democratic nomi
nee for Governor.
In effect, Mr: Brown said from the first that
he would support the National Democratic
ticket, and no sane man who is not blinded by
vindictive passion or intemperate prejudice,
could have doubted him.
T. E. W.
M M »
Knows More Than I Do.
Here's another one:
“Lawrenceville, Ga., Sept. 19, 1908.
“Hon. Thomas E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
“Dear Sir: I see from tlie morning paper
that the Hon. Joseph M. Brown has ‘backed his
cart an inch,’ or more, by announcing for
Bryan in the one speech of his life in Savan
nah last night. It is up to you now to make
him ‘helpless as a baby,’ and the public are
ready for the sport. I trust you will be as
good as your word, for I know that they all
agreed to support you in your race.
“Yours truly,
“M. D.”
Well, well, WELL!
This correspondent seems to know more
about it than I do.
He says that he knows that “they all agreed”
to support me in my race.
The secret was well kept then, for I don’t
know that “they agreed” to do it. Where was
the trade made? Who made it?
Please tell me all about it —I’m getting deep
ly interested.
The story that I made threats against Joe
Brown was hatched in the office of the At
lanta Journal, Ploke’s organ.
It is false, of course.
ocratic papers admit that Bryan
could not have the tariff revised even
if he were elected. —The Caucasian
and Raleigh Enterprise, Raleigh
(N. C.).
Did you ever stop to think that if
the government owned and operated
the railroads a panic wouldn’t stop
extensions or throw employes out of
work ? Those workingmen who would
like to insure their jobs ought to sa
w i public ownership along everv
Line.—The Times-Independent- (Kan
sas). ->
I
Hearst will furnish the dough, His
gen the (avie) grease, Graves the
orator (w. lasses). And there’s,
your cake. (We leave it to some
other paru raphor to work in Carter
and the oats.)—The Nashville Her
old, Nashville (Tepp.),