PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BP
THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
T&mplk Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER TEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
tunnd at Ptittfitt, Atlanta. Ga., January 11, 1007, ai itftnd
tian mail nattar
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, July 2, 1908
The Joe Brolvn Platform.
Those Hoke Smith alarmists, who pre
dicted that the election of “Little Joe
Brown” meant all sorts of reactionary
measures, must have rubbed their eyes
good and hard when they read the plat
form adopted by the State Democratic
Convention last week. Considering the
source, it’s a mighty good platform. We
Populists could, of course, have done bet
ter, but we could hardly have expected a
regulation Democratic convention to do
better.
So far as the agitation of the prohibit
ory law can be set at rest, the platform
accomplishes that purpose. The truth is,
there would never have been any uncer
tainty about the matter, if Hoke Smith
himself had not dragged that issue into
the campaign by the hair of its head,
when every person who was preserving
his mental balance knew perfectly well
that Toe Brown would not interfere with
the law if he could, and could not inter
fere with it if he would. The Jefferson
ian pointed out, time and again, that if
the people themselves were careful in
the selection of their representatives to
the legislature, they had nothing to fear
from either candidate for the Governor
ship.
The action of the convention also puts
a quietus upon those who contended that
the success of Joe Brown would endanger
the Disfranchisement law. The Jefferson
ian declared its confidence in Mr. Brown,
and the action of the convention shows
that we were right. He gave his word
that he was in favor of the law and he
has made good.
We were exceedingly glad to note that
the convention rescinded those new rules,
which Hoke Smith and Boykin Wright
had concocted for the purpose of burying
Populism and “Tom Watson. If the
success of Mr. Brown had accomplished
no other result, that alone would have
justified our position during the cam
paign. The attempt to revolutionize our
Constitutional system, to rob the country
counties of their legal share of political
power, and the obliteration of the mi
nority bv denying it any representation
even in the counties which it carried, .was
one of the most nefarious and audacious
schemes that was ever put forth by un-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
scrupulous city politicians to concentrate
power in the hands of a Ring.
We think the platform is exactly, right
when it proposes to reduce our Railroad
Commission to its original number of
three, and to abolish the office of Special
Counsel. In a State like ours, where •
railroad lines are comparatively few, and
the corporation systems comparatively
free from complexities, there is no need
of a larger commission than that which
we had under the Acts of the Legislature
which put that Constitution into force.
While we think that the Railroad Com
mission should have the benefit of legal
counsel when needed, wc do not believe
it wise or necessary to the office of At- .
torney to the Commission.
The Jeffersonian is also exceedingly
glad to see that the new administration
will deal with the Convict question. It
is a burning shame that the State of Geor
gia should traffic in her convicts and use
her sovereign right to punish crime as a
source of revenue. Some system of pub
lic road working should be adopted, and
thus the motive to overwork, mistreat or
otherwise commercialize the convict, be
removed.
One very significant incident which
proves how unfounded were those state
ments that the Hamp McWhorter gang
was back in power, was the very em
phatic snub given to the Convict King,
Jim Smith, of Oglethorpe. This notori
ous political corruptionist went to At
lanta in the full belief that he was one
of the heroes of the hour. He came away,
knowing better.
Another most encouraging thinp- about
the State Convention of the Joe Brown
Democrats, was that such a man as Hew
lette Hall was made permanent chairman.
There is not a better man in the State of
Georgia. He is honest, capable and pa
triotic, free from narrow prejudices, above
all suspicion of corporate control. We
regard him as an infinitely better man
than Hoke Smith’s chairman, Lawton
Miller. We venture the prediction that
if ever Hewlette Hall is called upon to
arbitrate the tax returns of the Southern
Railroad company, as Lawton Miller
was, the corporation will not gain the
victory over the State and over our hon
est Comptroller-General, as it did when
Hoke Smith’s Chairman acted as umpire.
Another thing about the platform
which we like is its declaration against
the early primary. In his Inaugural Ad
dress, Governor Smith promised to op
pose any primary which was called more
than 60 days before election-day. He
broke the promise and defended a pri
mary called four months before election
day.
We believe the next administration will
remember promises better.
r Hooper Alexander a Manly Man.
The Jeffersonian is glad to see that Mr,
Hooper Alexander, whose claim to be
elected to the Legislature from DeKalb
county, is disputed by Mr. Morris, the.
opposing candidate, has taken the manly
position that he does not want the office
unless he was honestly elected to it. In
stead of throwing any, obstacles in the
way of a recount, Mr. Alexander says
that, since the point has been raised by
Mr. Morris, he himself will begin an in
vestigation and ascertain what the truth
of the matter is, even if Mr. Morris
should not do so.
Mr. Alexander can not be too highly
commended for having taken this posi
tion. It that, whether he was
elected or not, he is a full-grown man
that any county might be proud to have
as its representative in the Georgia Leg
islature.
Suppose Geo. B. McClellan had been
equally courageous and patriotic—he
would have saved himself two years of
abuse at the hands of Wm. Randolph
Hearst and the expenditure of $65,000 in
lawyer fees. It now appears, from the
recount which is going on tediously in
New York, that there was no extensive,
wholesale false-counting, as charged by
Mr. Hearst. As an evidence of this,
there were 150 ballot boxes recounted
last week, and the net gain to Mr. Hearst
was three votes. In some of the ballot
boxes, the count, as actualb* made just
after the polls were closed, was agamst
McClellan. No evidence whatever ap
pears that there was any wholesale fraud
in the count against Mr. Hearst. There
fore, had Mr. McClellan been manly’
enough to have taken, in New York, the
position which Mr. Alexander has taken,
in Georgia, he would not have been for
two years the target for the violent abuse
of the Hearst newspapers, and a source
of revenue to the lawyers.
As a matter of fact, fraudulent count
ing of ballots is an obsolete way of ac
complishing the purposes of the. ward
heeler and political boss. They have
found better wavs of “doing it,” wavs
that are less easilv exposed and much
more effective. By false impersonation
of the registered voter, and by the use
of “repeaters,” the ballot box now is
“stuffed,” and the political boss can very
well afford to allow the contents of the
box to be honestlv counted — he having
seen to it that the contents are just what
he wants them to be,
MM*
The Postal "Bank.
Calhoun, Ga., R. F. D. 4.
Dear Sir: Will you please explain the postal
banking system? Some say it would make
money harder to get. Also the graduated land
tax. Please answer these through the Weekly
Jeffersonian. Respectfully,
C. R. MASON.
Answer.
While the details of the plan vary in
the matter of Postal Savings Banks ac
cording to the different countries in which
they are established, the general principle
is the same: to encourage thrift, insure
the safety of deposits and convenience to
the public. That “money would be harder
to get” is utterly absurd. It is of the same
benighted type of reasoning that holds