PAGE FOURTEEN
CONCERNING GOVERNMENT BY IN
JUNCTION.
(Continued from Page Two.)
disproportionate to the whole number of mem
bers of the legal profession.
It must be said, in justice to the federal ju
diciary as a group, that the judges that have
tyrannized, or tried to tyrannize, over work
ingmen, by abusing their power for “ con
tempt” of court, are a minority of the whole
number of the judges. Not every man that
has gone from a railroad law office to the
federal bench has forgotten hie obligation to
judge justly between employer and employe.
There is no mistaking the growth of public
sentiment against “government by injunc
tion.” The federal courts will have to aban
don it. This plank in the republican platform,
put there to take the curse off Taft’s own rec
ord as a labor-enjoining federal judge, isn’t
worth much on its own account, but it is
significant as proving that even the party of
the great monopolies can see the finish of
strike-breaking by court order.
One of the standard republican charges
against Bryan has been that he was “an an
archist,” because he demanded an end of
“government by injunction.” The republican
organs will have to drop that sort of talk
from this time forward. —Houston Chronicle.
Parma, Mo., June 20, 1908.
Dear Sir:
You are hereby notified that the Committee
to notify the nominees of the People’s Party
Convention held in St. Louis April 2, is here
by called to meet at the Kimball Hotel in
Atlanta, Ga., on Thursday, July 9, at 10
o’clock a. m., to arrange for the formal noti
fication of Hon. Thos. E. Watson of his nom
ination for President, which will be done in
the evening of that day.
Also, to meet at the Grand Hotel in Vin
cennes, Ind., at 2 o’clock p. m., on July 15,
(Wednesday), for the purpose of arranging
to notify Hon. Sam W. Williams of his nomi
nation for Vice President.
Acting on my authority as Chairman of
said Committee, I hereby appoint and com
mission Hon. Oscar Parker, of Fairburn, Ga.,
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
i SUBSCRIBE
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
Price 81.50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Oiler
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
to act as Vice Chairman, or local representa
tive, of this Committee at the meeting in At
lanta, and the Hon. F. J. S. Robinson, of
Cloverland, Ind., to act in same capacity at
the meeting at Vincennes.
You will please advise me at once whether
you will be able to attend both or either of
these gatherings. You are earnestly im
pressed with the need of being present, not
only as a courtesy to our distinguished can
didates, but to lend further inspiration to the
occasions.
Hoping to hear from you by early mail,
Chairman Notification Committee.
Address me for the next few days at Par
ma, Mo.
OUT THE ACREAGE.
There is a move on foot among the farmers
of the South to cut down their cotton acreage,
and plant part of the land in cotton in some
thing else. In Georgia, some farmers are re
ported to have plowed up a certain per cent
of their cotton, and put the land in things
for home consumption. It is a fact which all
should know that one sure way to raise the
price of cotton is to plant less of it. Action
along this line must be general to be effect
ive, but if it is general, the price is sure to go
up. What if every farmer would cut his cot
ton acreage 20 per cent below jvhat he had
planted the year before? The result would
be that the people of the South would get as
much money for the smaller crop as they had
been getting for the larger one, and the sur
plus land used to raise something
Pleasant Times-Review.
THE DOBSON “X” RAY. .Ta
Latest Bcientiiio Wonder, 111. HE >« aa
article boys, that will please yvu. With
it the clothes and flesh turn tr:ußpart_L t
and the bones can be plainly See a JU 8 T
think or luei tin you can have with it. Sample .n strong
box with catalogue and agents prices 10 cento by niaiL
MOVING PICTURE MACHINE.
v Showing Scenes c*t the Great
RUSSIAN-JAPAN WAR.
iyVy-X/uiy/l ?I 'The scenes are i n colors, slid
HTpahowß the bombardnentof Port
vSffe'Arthur, Japs at P'ng
vanß,and many more. The face
oftmachine is 8 Uy 12 inches
ZBZmv'and i«a good practu a 1 maching
laWKa
Both of these articles for sale by
Wessels & Co., Dept. A, 5619 Mag
nolia ave., St. Louis, Mo.
THE GREAT
Southwest Magazine
Is the only High Class, Illustrated, Literary
Magazine in the Southwest, which is devoted
exclusively to its Romance, History and Devel
opment.
.Our “Clearing House Department” gives in
valuable information to the Health Seeker,
Home Seeker and Investor about cities In Ne
braska, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, California, Texas, Arkansas, Okla
homa, Missouri and Kansas, to which our maga
zine is devoted.
Circulation 60,000 monthly. Best Advertising
Medium for those wishing to reach people of
modest means, as well as the rich on ranches,
in small towns and large cities of the South
west. A third of our circulation is now in
Eastern, Middle, Western and Southern States.
Subscription price |I.OO a year. Send 10
cents for copy of latest issue showing valuable
premiums for yearly subscribers.
THE GREAT SOUTHWEST MAGAZINE.
1840 California St., Denver, Colo.
SPECIAL OFFER
ON OUR LEADER
Postal Scales
- Guaranteed Accurate
g'-i or Money Refunded
Capacity 2 Pounds by 1-4
M. ounces. Made of Brass, beau
tifully Nickel Plated, length 4
Winches. Just the thing to carry
in your pocket.
PRICES
$ One - - - 80.85
Two-- - LOS
N Three . . 8.40
vLt'-’X ‘-! Four - • • 8.15
V- A. / Five . . 3.90
- Six - - • 4.05
We pay Postage on All Scales.
The Ashman Heater Co., New Paris, O.
Gentlemen: —Please send me one of
your Leader Postal Scales, postage pre
paid on trial, if after using them 10 days
they prove to be all right and just the
thing I have been 1 looking for, I will send
you 85c., if not I will return them to you
prepaid, which I understand will not be
over 3 cents.
Signed
Town
R. L. C. No State
POPULIZE ’EM
All who are interested in the suc
cess of the People’s Party in the com
ing National campaign are urged to
help us in spreading Populistic doc
trines. Get everyone you can to sub
scribe to the two Jeffersonians. We
will pay your expenses by allowing
a liberal commission. Write to us.
The Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
If you want a safe investment for small
amounts of money, write for full information
about our ten dollar bonds. They are fully
guaranteed and will pay you seven per cent
tMrwt THOS. E. WATSON,
Thomson, Ge.