C>be Jeffersonian
F Volume Six
L Number Eleven J
Public Opinion Throughout
O, Liberty! what crimes are done
in thy name? We behold our flag
waving before a gentle breeze, and
our bosom swells with pride and in
a whisper we say the emblem of
God’s country. A flag that protects
the weak against the strong, that in
far off countries where it swings to
the breeze it is a signal to the op
pressed to take courage, and to feel
no despair, for the great Republic
will ever stand for the rights of man.
We have felt all of these emotions,
and at such times we forget all but
the nation’s virtues. We no longer
remember we have a Senate that has
stood, now stands, and will stand be
tween us and equal opportunities,
liberty, or hope, during its existence.
Nothing but the ignorance of the
masses could prevent this destruction.
Too many of the people believe that
schools can give all the knowledge
required, whereas they only furnish
the tools with which to gain wisdom.
Read, reason, and remember, and in
less than ten years you would whip
the Lnited States Senate into hum
ble subjection. They would become
your servants where now they are
your masters. We repeat, read and
let reason and not prejudice rule you.
—Polk Co. Record, Bartow, Fla.
Tom Watson, of Georgia, has “set
the pace” in discussing the subject
of Foreign Missions, and his articles
are the most scholarly and convinc
ing, as well as practical and patriotic
than any yet produced. He has hit
a number of preachers on “tender
spots,” and as for the Romish Hier
archy, that has been shown up in a
manner to cause patriots to thank
heaven for Tom Watson, and the in
different and selfish to open their
eyes to the dangers which beset, our
institutions from the advance in
power of that “church.” We look
for a revival of interest in our own
institutions when men like Thomas
E. Watson sound the note of warning
and of duty.—American Whip, Lan
caster, Pa.
THE PRIDE AND COURAGE OF 1
THE OLD SOUTH.
Never were braver soldiers or
prouder men than those who com
posed the armies of the Confederacy.
Their spirit was unconquerable.
Neither poverty nor hunger nor de
feat nor death could bring disgrace
to them. They were defeated, but
never conquered. The same spirt
survives today in the veterans of the
Civil War who are still with us.
Sometimes this crops out in some pa
thetic incident which brings a tear
to the eye.
A few days ago Col. Marcellus
A Weekly Paper Edited by TH OS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
The Soldier of Peace
By Howard Singleton Taylor
IJ HAVE laureled the heroes whose glory
r r Was won where the battle leaves rolled;
We have chiseled and chanted their story
For mankind to hear and behold—
To hear and behold and to wonder,
cannon and trumpet and drum
Send a militant message of thunder
To waken the ages to come!
The ages to come—will they treasure,
As we do, our trophies and tombs?
Will they level all life to the measure
Os the sword that destroys and consumes?
Will they still plow the fields with their cannon,
And send them with bullet and blade,
And reap under war’s crimson pennon
The harvest of grief they have made?
We have come through dee]) tribulation;
We are heavy with grief and regret,
And we long for the dear consummation
When men shall forgive and forget!
When neighbor shall strike hands with neighbor,
And wrath and contention shall cease,
And the world find its hero at labor,
The good, gallant Soldier of Peace!
A soldier!—on whose stainless glory
No turbulent passions encroach;
A Bayard, with no written story,
Yet still above fear or reproach;
No red-handed warfare he wages,
But the heroes of Rome and of Greece
Grow dwarfed in the noon of the ages
Below the good Soldier of Peace.
He has conquered the hostile, high mountains,
He has mastered the obdurate flood,
He has dappled the desert with fountains
And opened the jangled wildwood,
Till nature, subduel by his spirit,
Doth bounty on bounty increase,
And they who that bounty inherit
All bless the brave Soldier of Peace!
Oh! blameless knight errant of Labor,
Our eyes have been holden; but ncrw
We know that for musket and saber
Thy arms were the ax and the plow!
We will cross them in heraldic fashion,
A blazonry never to cease,
And wrap in our hearts’’ fondest passion
The good, gallant Soldier of Peace!
"YOUR SUBSCRIPTION EXPIRES THIS MONTH”
Hereafter all subscribers to Watson's Magazine or The Jeffersonian
will be notified of the expiration of their subscriptions by stamping
across the front page or cover of the last issues of the current month —
“YOUR SUBSCRIPTION EXPIRES THIS MONTH". If renewals are
not received in two weeks after such notice, the paper will be discon
tinued.
Watch your label and send renewal at once to THE JEFFERSON
IANS, Thomson, Ga.
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, August 26, 1909
Pointer died in a bare little room in
an obscure hotel in the poorest sec
tion of New York. Broken in health
and fortune, he had been unable to
provide enough even to supply his
very modest wants. Old and infirm,
he could find no means of support.
He was too proud to appeal to his
wealthy friends for aid, and to the
last never disclosed to them his ne
cessities. He was too proud to allow
himself to become a burden to others.
His distinguished services in the war,
his loyalty and high-mindedness
availed him nothing in the struggle
for bread. But the old soldier fought
on bravely to the last, neither ask
ing nor accepting charity, with a
smile on his face and allowing no
complaining word to escape his lips.
“I guess he died partially of a
broken heart and pride,” says a doc
tor who knew him. “He was too
proud to beg.”
This spirit 6f pride and courage is
one of the things that distinguished
the old South which the new South
can ill afford to lose. Neither busi
ness success nor commercial pros
perity can take the place of devotion
to high ideals, and while gaining in
wealth, population and power, the
South would do well to treasure not
only its honorable history and tradi
tions, but that rich heritage of sensi
tive honor and personal pride which
raised its people above the level of
mere trafficers in the market place.
—Baltimore Sun.
“P. C.” PREACH CHRIST OR PLOW
CORN.
Even those who think they are
divinely inspired to preach the gos
pel are sometimes mistaken as was
the case of the farmer who, while
plowing corn, saw the letters P. C.
written flamingly in the sky. Leaving
the field he hastened to tell his spirit
ual adviser of the wonderful revela
tion which, as he interpreted it,
could have no other meaning than
“Preach Christ.” “No, no, ‘p. c.’ in
your case clearly means ‘plow
corn,’ ” said the old man, “go back
to your plow.”—Arapaho (Okla.)
Journal.
The Portland (Ore.) Baptist cler
gymen in convention last week pass
ed resolutions condemning Harvey
W. Scott, editor of “The Oregonian,”
for a recent editorial in which he de
clared it was a criminal waste of
time and money to endeavor to
Christianize the Chinese. When an
attempt was made to have the com
mittee call on the editor and deliver
the resolutions in person, all declined.
—The Record, July 6.
Price, Five Cents