The Atlanta Recorder's Court
My Dear Tom: —I am in receipt of
your valued favor of the 6th inst.,
and note with a great deal of pleas
ure that you have reached the con
clusion that the Recorder’s Court is
without constitutional right to sen
tence people to penal servitude.
I made my initial appearance in
the Recorder’s Court about twelve
months ago. I was employed to
represent a man charged with keep
ing on hand for purposes of illegal
sale intoxicating liquors, in violation
of the city ordinances. My case was
set for trial at two-thirty p. m., and
was actually tried about five. In the
interim, the Recorder tried fifty or
seventy-five cases, sending a large
majority of the defendants to the
stockade, without the privilege of
relieving themselves of the punish
ment by the payment of a fine. To
say that I was horror-stricken is put
ting it mildly. The climax of my
astonishment and indignation was
reached* when he sounded the case
of a respectable-looking white man,
who was charged with constructive
contempt of his court, and after a
brief hearing, which consisted of an
affirmation of his guilt by the detec
tive and a denial by himself, a sen
tence was imposed of thirty days in
the stockade.
The enormity of this palpable in
vasion of the constitutional rights of
this man was magnified by the fol
lowing train of thought, as I sat and
listened in bewildered amazement to
the medieval methods of his dealing
with' human beings. This man, who,
if guilty of any offense, was guilty of
the offense of constructive contempt
of the Recorder of the city of At
lanta, must serve in shackles a sen
tence of thirty days on the public
works of the city of Atlanta, with all
the horrible concomitants incident
to the servitude, when he might
be guilty of an actual contempt of
any court in this government, from
the humble 'magistrate’s court of the
State of Georgia up to that mighty
and mitred tribunal that controls the
destinies of this republic, namely, the
Supreme Court of the United States,
and the limit of the right of any of
these to deal with him would be the
imposition of a fine and imprison
ment; and that it would cost any of
these judges, up to and including the
Chief Justice of the Supreme Court
of the United States, his position
through the medium of impeach
ment, if they or any of them under
took to consign their fellow man to
involuntary servitude.
I was not aware at that time of the
novel and extraordinary procedure
prevailing in the Recorder’s Court.
I was unfamiliar with the power
which the Legislature undertook to
confer 'upon that “august” tribunal.
I was not aware that the Legislature
had authorized him, without trial by
jury, to send people to the stockade.
It was inconceivable to my mind that
any Legislature could do a thing of
this sort. I began to investigate this
so-called stockade- and discovered
that offenders convicted of petty of
fenses before the Recorder were com
mitted to the calaboose, then trans
ferred to what is known as a prison
van (this prison van being construct
ed of iron bars around the top and a
lock upon the door) and conveyed to
the city stockade, where manacles are
placed upon their legs, which can
only be removed by the use of a cold
chisel. The irons on each leg are
connected by chains. They work, eat
and sleep in the same clothing. They
wake, eat, toil, rest and sleep in
manacles and chains, and their prog
ress to and from their work is pub
lic, and they work on the public
streets of Atlanta before the public
eye. They are watched at all times
by convict guards armed with deadly
weapons, who will kill them if they
attempt to escape. They are liable
to public and severe whippings by the
whipping-boss, with a heavy leathern
strap, about two and one-half or three
feet long, with solid hand grasp, and
with broad, heavy and flexible lash,
and if, forsooth, they escape, they are
pursued by bloodhounds that are kept
on hand for this purpose.
My investigation of conditions fur
ther disclosed that they had a patent
machine which worked upon a hori
zontal bar, into which recalcitrant
convicts are strapped, to the end that
the unmerciful beatings that are ad
ministered to them may be facili
tated. So far as my investigations
have extended, no other prisons in the
country have made this progress (?)
in the art of the administration of
corporal punishment to the unfor
tunate inmates.
My astonishment was intensified
and my horror greatly augmented up
on learning that at that date there
were about two hundred and sixty
convicts in the city stockade, who had
found their way there through the
avenue of the Recorder’s Court of
the city of Atlanta, and that the num
ber usually confined there ranged
from two to five hundred souls or
about one-fourth as many as are con
fined in the penitentiary of the State
of Georgia.
Almost without reward or hope
thereof, I undertook the Herculean
task of re-establishing in the city of
Atlanta the ancient and sacred con
stitutional rights incident to citizen
ship. As I read the history of the
origin, growth and development of
trial by jury, I find no parallel to the
conditions prevailing in the city of
Atlanta. Indeed, the conflict of our
ancestors for trial by jury, which re
sulted in a glorious victory for them
after the struggle had lasted for more
than two centuries, was not a protest
against trial and condemnation by
one man—for it was never supposed
even in those times that one man
could try and convict and consign to
infamous punishment a fellow man—
but it was a protest against the cus
tom which then prevailed of the ti
tled classes trying the common peo
ple, the custom being for a committee
of lords, who called themselves a
jury, to try the common people; so
I say the conflict was waged, not so
much around the right of trial by
jury per se, but was fought for the
right of trial by a jury of “the peers”
of the men to be tried. So it is, I say,
that the of trying these men
by the Recorder is one that did not
even prevail in England prior to the
adoption of Magna Charta, and it is a
custom that was unknown even in
those days among the semi-barbaric
nations of the world.
(Continued on page 16.)
Sfee Jeffersonian
191 0
WATSON’S MAGAZINE
SOCIALISM Mr. Watson will conclude his damning indictment. lie will
deal with the origin of private property, and will examine
and tear to pieces the Socialist Bible, Karl Marx’s “Capi
tal”.
ROMAN Following his case against Socialism, Mr. Watson will
* THTIf TCIQM write a series of articles, laying bare the foul and bloody
UAI HvLlUlolu record of the Roman Catholic Hierarchy, and emphasizing
the people’s danger in allowing them to usurp authority in
America.
STORY OF This splendid story, which Mr. Watson will begin in the
TUI7 QATTTU Magazine during 1910, will go down to posterity as one of
IHE oULiIH the great literary achievements of the age. It will be dra-
AND WEST matic, tender and true. It will set a crown of glory on our
beloved Southland and the vast Empire of the West.
NAPOLEON From Napoleon’s letters to Josephine, and from a great
UP TO DATE mass of recentl Y published material, Mr. Watson has made
a new and remarkable pen picture of this marvelous man,
which will appear in Watson’s for 1910.
WATSONESOUE Each issue of 1910 will contain one of those charming per-
QFFTtUII?C sonal > biographical, or historical sketches, which have made
bKEIGHES the name of Tom Watson beloved among literary folk
throughout the world.
ANDREW Watson now begins the most interesting period of his
story. In seeking for the causes which led up to the Civil
JACKSON War he opens up new historical paths, and clears the
ground of the rubbish and falsehood which have been
dumped upon it by Northern and partisan writers. These
were the dramatic years, of keenest interest to us today,
in the light of present and coming events, when Jackson
fought the proposed Central Bank, and smashed it; and
waged relentless war upon the robber Tariff.
THE DARK The fascinating plot of this story of Southern life today
CORNER developed an( l en( l e( l 1910.
SURVEY OF These illuminating comments, illustrated by cartoons, form
_ TTr , r a complete history of the most noteworthy events of the
THE WORLD month.
FICTION The short stories and poetry will be well up to the standard.
Akin daetov Many a happy little tale of human interest has been ar-
ANU rUEIKI ranged for publication in IFa/son’s Magazine for 1910.
Subscription and Renewal Price, SI.OO a Year
WATSON’S MAGAZINE, Thomson, Ga.
Are You Looking for a Home?
Then investigate Colquitt County. Its farm-lands are unsurpassed by any
in the State of Georgia. Its population consists principally of white Geor
gians, who are prosperous and contented.
Correspond with us if in need of farm-lands either as a home or as an in
vestment. We are prepared to supply your wants, in either large or small
tracts, at very low prices and easy terms.
Perfect titles, well-drained soil, healthy climate, good roads, good schools
and churches in every community. Fine railroad facilities and excellent
nearby markets for all farm products. For further particulars write us.
COLQUITT COUNTY LAND COMPANY,
Moultrie, Georgia.
Read my prices on Cabbage Plants. If you do not need plants now, you
will need them later on.
All of my Plants are grown in the open field, and I guarantee them to
be frost-proof. All varieties—Charleston Wakefield, Successions, Augusta
Trucker, Early Jersey Wakefield, Early and Late Flat Dutch.
Satisfaction and count guaranteed.
IN LOTS OF 1,000 TO 5,000, AT $1.25 PER THOUSAND
IN LOTS OF 6,000 TO 10,000, AT SI.OO PER THOUSAND
Write for Prices on Larger Lots.
Cash, P. O. Money Order, or Express Money Order must come with all
orders. Will not ship Plants C. O. D. unless half of the amount of order is
sent in. Frost and cold can not hurt my Plants.
I grow, I sell, I guarantee Frost-Proof Cabbage Plants.
H. LEON LARI SE Y,
Grower of Plants;
Telegraph and Express Office: MEGGETTS, S. C.
Box J.
Grafted Pecan Trees
of Select Paper Shell Varieties
For Descriptive List Write
BAYVIEW NURSERY
C, FORKERT, Prop., Ocean Springs, Miss.
As a special premium to our sub
scribers during December, we offer
i year’s subscription to Up-to-Date
Farming, the great farm paper which
tells farmers how to market their
crops. The Jeffersonian and Up-to-
Date Farming, both for one year,
1.00.
PAGE FIFTEEN