late and unsatisfactory, and so that you won'
have to stop in some “special pinch” to get
wood.
Uncle Threadbare, who is an intimate ac
quaintance of ours, burns rails for cook wood
nearly every summer. They make good wood
and the women like it, but he can’t spare the
rails; and he doesn’t intend to burn them, but
it seemed like he just couldn’t get up wood
when he had less else to do, and now he is so
busy, when his wife asks for wood he dashes
out, snatches a rail, and soon has it into stove
wood.
Don’t over crop. Land is getting too high
priced to make a plaything of it, and life is
too short to spread it oo him over big fields.
Men fail because they don’t do enough, but
the worst failures are in trying to do too
much. In such cases the land cannot do its
best and the farmer wears himself out to little
purpose. Undertake only what you can do
well and then see that you have a good stand
so that every foot of the ground will have
its reasonable work to do, and then see that
Plain Talks on Fertilizers
A Talk to Fruit-Growers
You use a fertilizer The yield will be
of course, but do you CrrrnffL according to the
use enough? amount of plant food
... you give your trees or
The yield per acre, rOp • plants you can de
and the profit.therefrom pend on it. The better
increases m far greater they are fed the greater
proportion than the cost and more valuable will
of additional fertilizer. be our c Fertil-
\\ hat is an increase in ize sparingly and you
cost of $-.00 to SIO.OO rea p sparingly,
per acre for fertilizer
when the returns therefrom The fact that over a million
show an increase of $50.00 to tons of Virginia-Carolina
$250.00 per acre? • Fertilizer were sold last year
proves them to be without
The big Magnolia Fruit equal. Every fruit farmer,
Farms at Durant, Miss., tested no matter what method he
the well-known Virginia-Car- now uses, should get the Vir
olina Fertilizer ginia - Carolina _______
Hin different ° P a 11 Y s
quantities on new Yearbook
• x or Almanac,
their straw- T . . , . „
. It is free to ad
berry crop. , . . ■
u u vTo arc inter-
Result: when t , ,
t nnn H CSted enough
1,000 lbs. per t r
1 i to write for it.- rXUjlff-*
acre were used ... .
c. Address us to jS& r ?rr j!P b?-.
the profit was . ..
* . the nearest city
S7 LOO moreper , . 3
„ below.
acre than when
500 lbs. per
acre were used. ' L^GaM^- CAROLINA
CHEMICAL CO.
This is modern intensive cul-
ture, the method that is doub- Richmond, Xa. Durham, N. C.
ling and trebling the crops of Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md.
all kinds of fruit in Atlanta. Ga.
either good or in poor Columbus, Ga.
and worn-out land all MH!Artiiizv;rs Savannah, Ga.
Over the Country—and Memphis. Tenn,
in good Soil, too. Shreveport, La.
• THE JEFFERSONIAN.
the growing plants have every encourage
ment to do their best. There is more profit
in growing a thousand bushels of corn on ten
acres than in growing the same quantity on
fifteen or twenty acres.
Akin to soil fertility is the importance
of good seed. One cannot afford to bother
with inferior seed. It makes a doubtful busi
ness all through the crop, and more doubtful
still at harvest time. And, since like begets
like, a difference is very apt to show up in
the marketing. Beginning a battle right is
commencing half way to victory.
Farmers have done more for the world than
any other people, but they have done less
•for themselves. They have felt burdened with
the obligation to supply the universal need
for food and clothing, but they have forgot
ten that they have needs of their own which
the sale of their products must supply. This
matter they leave to the “other fellows,”
who are always on the watch for a “sharp
bargain,” and the farmer generally gets the
sharp edge.—Up-to-Date Farming.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To iae "Voters of the Northern Judicial Cir
cuit:
I announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to the primary to be held for
that purpoae. I assure you that I will appre
ciate yoar rapport.
U D. M’GBDGOB.
For Sale
Pure Pulnott Cotton Seed.
Pure and unmixed. If not as represented re
turn them at my expense and the price will
be refunded. Prices: SI.OO per bushel; or
ders for over 40 bushels at 90 cents per bushel.
J. E. BRADBURY, JR.
Athens, Ga., R. F. D. 4.
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s Jef
fersonian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
World’s Events and Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian. Both one year $1.75
World’s Events and Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Eoth one year $2.00
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine. Both one year... .$2.25
Odum Clark’s Magazine and Watson’s Week
ly. Both one year $1.35
Odum Clark’s Magazine and Watson’s Jeffer
sonian Magazine. Both one year $1.85
Address
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
~HIGH GRADE rr« fl
DROP-HEAD KIQ QU
LIGHT RUNNING I > fl I
SEWING |A aUU
MACHINE IM
Positively the greatest Sewing-Machine value
ever offered. By our direct selling plan, we
save you all dealers’ and agents’ profits. This
A Machine is equal to
any usu ally Bold by
Jfc- . agents for $30.00.
35 Is substantially
ea e= JH~" made of best
S" S material, and is
*- ™ \| £ r Q equipped with
Im Acrl^" - * the latest im-
y § /Jl f \ Wfl provements. Ele-
isjj *“ IM/ Iwr® Kant oak drop-leaf
’35 0 Ailqk\P>KCylS|g cabinet, 4 drawers
an< t full se t °f at
| tachments. We give
. ... . our binding 10-year
guarantee with each machine. Order one today, try it 30
days and if not found in every way satisfactory, we will re
fund your money. We are the largest sewing machine dis
tributers in the South, and make prompt shipment.
Send for complete catalogue mailed free on application.
MAL.SBY, SHIPP & CO.
Dept. F. Atlanta, Ga.
PAGE SEVEN