him and the limit to his insatiability has
never been reached. The cold figures
published in the Statistical Abstract put
forth by the United States, show that, in
addition to a clear profit of 8 per cent
upon his actual investment of money, the
•manufacturer clears $2,672,000,000, which
is more than three times the annual gross
revenue of Great Britain.
The American farmer has never, in a
single instance, asked a favor of the Gov
ernment. Never for one moment has he
been a beggar. As a class, the farmers
have never wanted anything more than
a free field and a fair fight. The record
is one of unselfish, patient heroism. When
there were forests to be cleared away, he
has cleared them; when there were
swamps to drain, he has drained them
there were public enemies to destroy, he
has destroyed them; when the Nation
has been in peril, he has saved it. It was
the volunteer farmer, furnishing his own
horse, his own ammunition and his own
rations, who rode to King’s Mountain,
crushed the British and turned the tide
of the Revolutionary War. It was the
farmer who followed Andrew Jackson
from Horseshoe Bend to New Orleans in
1815 and rescued the flag of our country
from the disgrace which had been put
upon it by the Eastern troops operating
on the Canadian frontier.
Turning to the Statistical Abstract, we
find that these farmers, after feeding and
clothing the whole American world, and
after contributing the vast profits which
are annually garnered by the manufactur
ers, have nothing left to themselves be
yond a bare living.
Yet, here in the State of Georgia, when
the farmers are trying to get a fair price
for their cotton, we find the Manufactur
ers’ Association so selfish, so unpatriotic,
so cruel, that they have declared in their
official meeting that, rather than pay the
present price for cotton, they will close
down their mills! WHAT A SHAME
IT IS! Year in and year out these men,
protected bv special legislation, framed
in their behalf, have been shipping their
goods to China. Tapan and the islands of
the sea, and selling them to foreigners
cheaper than sell them to their own
neighbors 1
Gunbv Jordan, if we are not greatly
mistaken, is the controlling spirit of this
most unpatriotic Manufacturers’ Associa
tion. Gunby Jordan is the man who, un
der a Democratic Administration a few
years ago, could step into the Treasur
er’s office in Atlanta, state how many
thousands of dollars he wanted, get it
without a word, paying no interest, giv
ing no security, needing it for nothing
except, to speculate in cotton! Gunby Jor
dan - is the man who caught up Hoke
Smith, just after his phenomenal suc
cess a few years ago, went to Europe
with him, to study the Immigration
Question and to arrange facilities for im
porting cheap labor to take the bread
out of the mouths of Georgia men and
Georgia women. It was Gunby Jordan
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
who committed Hoke Smith to the
scheme of turning our Agricultural De
partment into an Immigration bureau, in
order that the manufacturers, making use
of the sovereign State of Georgia for
their own selfish purposes, might -evade
the Federal Statute on Contract Labor
and fill our manufacturing towns and
cities with pauper labor, swept from the
slums of European cities. And now this
high-minded, unselfish patriot, Gunby
Gordan, engaged, no doubt, in some bear
speculation on Wall Street, has had the
hardihood to secure the adoption oi the
resolution which commits the manufac
turers who are tied up in his association,
to the closing of their mills for the pur
pose of depressing the cotton market.
In this resolution, he has the effrontery
to say that “the indications point to a
bumper cotton crop.” What are these
“indications”? Is it not a fact, known of
everybody, that the spring oi this year
was unusuallv late, uniavorable for plant
ing, and that a large percentage oi the
crop had to be re-planted? is it not
known to the world that vast areas of the
finest cotton land in America have been
drowned out in the Gulf States? Anu
that the great Mississippi Valley will be
snort hundreds of thousands of bales?
Do we not know that “too much rain” is
the cry all over the cotton belt? That
the grass is taking the crop and that there
is no labor to keep it clean ?
The Jeffersonian thinks it is nothing
less than dastardly for these manuiactur
ers, protected as tney have been from for
eign competition for more than a hundred
years, and pocketing, as they do every
year, about two-thirds of all the enormous
increase in National wealth, TO DEAL
THE POOR, OVER-BURDENED
farmer .such a cowardly
BLOW AS THEY HAVE STRUCK
HIM. If ever the farmers of Georgia
get a chance to crack Gunby Jordan’s
head, the Jeffersonian devoutly hopes
they’ll crack it, good and hard.
H M H
Hearst and Hartiman.
The Hearst party, which still cheerful
ly calls itself the “New Independence
Party,has had a glorious meeting in
New Jersey. We were not at all sur
prised when we saw that this glorious
meeting had been called to order by that
fine old member of the Hearst editorial
staff, Joseph Buchanan. Having been
duly launched by our friend Joseph, the
"New Independence Party” Convention
pulled out of its pocket the platfrom
which Mr. Hearst had kindly prepared
for the momentous occasion. Like most
of Mr. Hearst’s proclamations to the
American people, this document “rings
true.” It is the “clarion call” which re
sounds and re-echoes in all of the Hearst
pronunciamentos, and will no doubt
have a healthy, inspiring influence upon
public opinion. The denunciation of “the
greed of Ryan, Morgan and Perkins,” is
just as eloquent as it could be. Perkins
is a new name to the list, but is just as
welcome as if we had heard of him oftener
in that connection. He was probably in
cluded for the reason that another name
besides that of Ryan and Morgan was
needed. Os course, had the Jeffersonian
been fixing up this pronunciamento, it
would have filled in the blank with the
name of Edward H. Harriman. It seems
to us that the name of Harriman rhymes
much better with those of Morgan and
Ryan than does the peculiarly insignifi
cant name of little Perkins; but, for some
reason, which we are yet waiting to hear
stated, the Hearst outfit studiously avoids
any reference to Mr. Harriman.
Never would we have learned anything
of the Chicago & Alton deal, had we
taken no other papers than those of our
interesting fellow-citizen, William Ran
dolph Hearst. Never would we have
known anything of the stock juggling
and watering of the Union Pacific, had
we been dependent upon Mr. Hearst and
his various editors and newspapers for
the information.
Again we most earnestly enquire, Why
this studious omission of the name of a
typical predatory corporation-thief like
Edward H. Harriman? Why should all
the vials of wrath be emptied every day
upon the head of Thos. F. Ryan, and
never a single ink bottle be emptied upon
Mr. Harriman? Is it because that Mr.
Harriman, in his famous interview with
James Schoolcraft Sherman, the present
Vice-Presidential nominee of the Repub
lican Party, alluded to the Hearst crowd
as a “lot of crooks whom he could buy”?
We should think that Mr. Hearst would
have been particularly indignant about
this Harriman reference to his purity con
glomeration, yet it does not appear to
have offended Mr. Hearst at all. Noth
ing that Mr. Harriman can do or' say
seems suffiicent to provoke Mr. Hearst
into a single censorious reference to that
predatory baron of special privilege.
W r hy will not our good friend, the bril
liant and eloquent John Temple Graves,
touch up Edward H. Harriman sometime
with his far-shining spear? Will not the
myriad-minded Arthur Brisbane some
time turn his editorial lorgnette upon
this typical representative of predatory
wealth, Edward H. Harriman? Will not
some of the “New Independence Party”
speakers, in reading their magnificent
platforms, give us the name of Harriman,
instead of an obscure, imitative puppet
like little Perkins?
Let us go after the chiefs of the preda
tory corporations. Let ur, strike at Ryan
every dav in the war till we beat him
down. Let us strike at Morgan as pow
ei fully as we can, until we reduce him to
subjection to the law; but, for heaven’s
sake! don’t waste our time talking about
a mere cog in the wheel, like little Per
kins —while a great constructor of the
machine, like E. H. Harriman, rides se
renely over the American people in his
chariot of special privilege, evoking not
a single criticism from the creator of new,
purity parties, Wm. Randolph Hearst.
PAGE THIRTEEN