THE SPIRIT OR POPULISM STILL LIVES
From every state in the Union
comes the glad news that the mem
bers of the ‘‘Old Guard” are awaken
ing and renewing their struggle for
Populism which they had well nigh
won twelve years ago and would have
won long before this time had the
fusion serpent not tempted some of
its trusted leaders and induced the
party to attempt a flank movement.
This move well-nigh wrecked the
splendid army of Populism; but not
the spirit of Populism, which still
lives and breathes stronger in the
breasts of Americans than in 1896.
The army can be mobilized again.
The great Napoleon was defeated and
exiled; but he still lived and breaking
away from his exile hastened to re
turn, trusting that his “'Old Guard”
would flock to his standards again,
and when the members of the Old
Guard saw Napoleon they deserted
their leaders and rushed to him and
carried him in triumph to Paris.
When the members of the Old Guard
Undoubtedly the most skillful, con
sistent, persistent and successful lob
bying ever done in the United States
is that by which, over a long series
of years, the extension of the Amer
ican parcels post has. been defeated.
For years upon years this lobby has
held a seat in the United States sen
ate for its leader, in the person of
Mr. Platt of New York, and he has
there kept patient vigil for the pro
tection of the various express com
panies of the country.
The unbroken line of victories
achieved by this lobby has been the
marvel of all who did not understand
the magnificent backing it has en
joyed, and still enjoys. Time after
time the attempt has been made to
give the people of the United States
a measure, %at least, of the comfort
and convenience derived by the peo
ple of Germany, Great Britain and
other countries from their parcels
post, but each time the effort has
failed with emphasis. An insidious,
veiled influence has ever stood at Sen
ator Platt’s elbow, ready, prepared
and competent, to aid him in the rout
of those who would shake loose the
grip of the express companies from
the package freight business of the
great American reupblic.
And while Senator Platt has be
come so old and feeble as to be an
object of pity as he daily totters to
his seat in tire senate chamber, guid
ed and supported by an attendant, it
has become apparent that his myste
rious backers are as lusty and full of
vigor as ever.
But what is this potent influence
which has enabled (Senator Platt to
accomplish such remarkable results
as the opponent of constructive leg
islation ? Constructive legislation
asked for by a majority of the people
of the country, and by the inhabitants
"THE PARCELS POST”
The Denver Platform Represents a Disgraceful
Surrender of Principles
By John S. Allan, National Committeeman
of Populism see the Populist Stand
ard in the hands of gallant Thos. E.
Watson, of Georgia, and Samuel W.
Williams, of Indiana, the old party
leaders will be powerless to prevent
a stampede. Defeat followed defeat
to the Old Guard fighting under oth
er leaders in France and defeat fol
lowed by defeat has followed the Old
Guard of Populism fighting under
317311’3 leadership and to defeat has
been added betrayal, for Bryan has
certainly gone boots and breeches in
to the Wall iStreet Camp of the dem
ocratic party where he is not even a
welcomed guest. Jefferson and Jack
son would have spurned and despised
the Denver platform. It represents
a disgraceful surrender of principle,
such as the Democratic party es
poused in 1896. The surrender in
of the rural districts solidly. It can
not be that the express companies
have the vast power to ac
complish so many victories, congress
after congress. And it is not the
express companies, as such. But if
the reader will take the trouble to in
form himself as to the ownership of
the various express companies, he will
see a great light.
Where the Opposition Begins.
It has been asserted that there is
hardly a director of a railroad in the
United States who is not a stockhold
er in an express company. And, cer
tainly, there is not an express com
pany in the country that is not in
part owned by directors of railroads.
This, then, is the seat of the aston
ishing power wielded for so long by
the senator from New York in head
ing off any encroachment by the mail
service into the field so closely monop
olized by the express companies.
The ingenuity with which the par
cels post has been fought by these
people is worthy of admiration. It
is reliably asserted that there is not
a village in the United States which
does not contain at least one man who
has been employed in spreading the
gospel of opposition to this reform.
And today this propaganda has been
so successful that there is hardly a
small merchant in any of the country
towns who does not believe he would
be utterly ruined if congress should
pass a parcels post law. It has taken
years of effort to create this condi
tion of opinion among the country
merchants, but that it now exists is
beyond doubt.
The mail order houses are the bug
aboo held up before these merchants
to enlist their support in aiding the
express companies to retain their hold
upon the business they have so long
enjoyed. And these pierchants have
Jeffersonian
1904 and the nomination of Mr.
Parker caused many men, who had
followed Bryan in the two previous
campaigns, to grow lukewarm; but as
soon as Campaign was over Parker’s
leadership was dropped and Mr. Bry
an again used; but the Denver plat
form reveals to them that Bryan him
self is not the leader he was in 1896,
and they sniff a Waterloo of defeat
for him in November and will not fol
low his leadership longer. The only
hope for the people is through a new
party and the People’s party comes
nearer voicing the ideas of the great
masses than any other party and Mr.
Watson looks more like a Jefferson,
a Jackson, or a Lincoln than any oth
er candidate. Read his letter of ac
ceptance in this issue. Show it to
your neighbor. Cut out and get sign-
come to believe that the mail order
houses would sell them out in less
than no time if the government were
to make communication between the
city and the farm any easier.
“But,” said a man, not long ago,
in discussing the question with a
country merchant in lowa, “all you
have to do is to sell the same goods
at the same price. If you do that
the people will not send their money
to the city for the purchase of their
necessities. ’ ’
“I do that,” replied the merchant,
“but the people would rather buy
from the pictures in an illustrated
catalogue than to come into my store
and see exactly what they are buy
ing.”
“I can hardly believe that.”
“I will prove it to you,” replied
the merchant with great emphasis.
“Just read that,” and he handed
his caller a copy of a publication pub
lished under railroad backing in Chi
cago, in which the mail order houses
and the parcels post were certainly
given fits.
“You ought to have more sense
than to believe the stuff in this ar
ticle,” remarked the visitor. “It
says here that many of the transac
tions of the mail order houses verge
upon swindling; that often the goods
are not at all as represented; and
yet that the people will insist upon
flooding these mail order fellows
with millions a year. Why, this is
nothing more than a charge that most
of the country people of the United
'States are plain idiots. If that is
the way the mail order houses con
duct their business they will die of
their own rottenness and you need
not worry about them. Common
sense will teach you that.”
Advantages and Disadvantages.
Now, what are the advantages and
ers to petition for Watson Electors
in this state and forward same to Peo
ple’s Voice, Norman, Oklahoma, at
the earliest date possible. Send in
the names and post office addresses of
parties you would like to receive
some People’s Party campagin liter
ature. Send in some $5 or $1 bills
or some postage stamps to assist us
in spreading the gospel of Populism.
In other words, get busy. Don’t de*
lay and pray, but work and pray as
well. Faith without works is dead.
A Populist does not need to blush,
for money he contributes toward
spreading the truths of Populism.
The same does not smell like limr
burger cheese or need publicity to give
it an airing. If the Populist Cam
paign fund was as foul smelling as the
two old party campaign funds have
proven to be in the past, we would
certainly favor burying the party and
fund in the same grave. Publicity
would never cure it of its leprosy or
smell —The Peope’s Voice.
By
GEORGE E. MILLER
disadvantages of the parcels post?
The advantages can perhaps best be
illustrated by reference to the work
done by the parcels post abroad.
There, especially in Germany and
Great Britain, this gTeat modern con
venience has been brought to the
greatest perfection. And there it is -
worth studying.
In the first place, it has been dem
onstrated there that the parcels post
is the greatest stimulant of domestic
trade ever devised by man. In the
next place, it has made life in the
country, in both Germany and Eng
land, as comfortable and convenient
as in the city. And lastly, it has
proven so great a blessing in the
cities, towns and villages that in many
instances merchants have disposed of
their delivery wagons and they de
pend upon the parcels post exclusive
ly for the delivery of merchandise to
their customers, except in the matter
of goods of too much weight or bulk
to go through the mails.
In London the government runs
motor wagons in all directions
into the country for many miles for
the delivery of parcels, and this ser
vice is being extended until presently
it will cover the country. Parcels up
to the weight of eleven pounds are
carried through the British mails,
while in some other countries the lim
it is much higher. Italy, Chile, Cu
ba, the Netherlands and New Zealand
are the only other countries holding
the weight to the same maximum as
•Britain. In Germany and Austria
packages weighing one hundred and
ten pounds are received, and in Bel
gium the limit is one hundred and
thirty-two pounds. In France it is
thirty-two pounds. In the
States alone the limit is as low as
four pounds, while the rate with us
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
PAGE THREE