the grass, too, if we would only real
ize it. But when it comes to fences
we are tremendously handicapped.
It is safe to say that there are
thousands of farmers in every South
ern State who would have more and
much better cattle and horses, hogs
and sheep, if they had good pastures
for them to run in. Yet it is easy
to find all over the cotton belt fields
grown up to Bermuda—one of the
finest pasture grasses in the wold—
in which the owners plant corn or
cotton year after year and spend all
summer fighting the grass only to
have a poor and very expensive crop
at the season’s end. We heard not
long since a farmer talking of how
he was going to kill out the Bermu
da on a poor hill-side preparatory to
getting it ready to sow in grass.. All
that he needs to do, and all that
thousands of other farmers need to
do is to put a good fence around that
field and some stock on it and give it
a little attention for a few years,
keeping down briars and bushes and
giving it an occasional harrowing,
and he would have a pasture which
would pay him ten times as much as
he is now getting from these acres.
A good permanent pasture should
be one of the established institutions
on every farm; and in the despised
and neglected Bermuda we have a
grass of which Prof. Spillmen. of the
U. S. Department of Agriculture,
says that “no other grass bears pas
turing better or yields more herbage
in the form of pasture.’’ With our
winter-growing grasses and legumes
it would be easy for us to supple
ment it so as to have pastures prac
tically the whole year round.
Yet we go on fighting it to grow
sorry crops of low-priced cotton and
tobacco to pay for the butter and
beef and lard and bacon this same
grass 'Would make for us if we would
let it!
Only another one of the South’s
neglected opportunities. —Raleigh
(N. C.) Progressive Farmer.
THE CRIME OF MAKING BREAD
DEAR.
Such a social outrage as is now
being committed in the Chicago
wheat pit would be impossible in
either Germany or France.
In both those countries severe
prison penalties are prescribed for
the punishment of those who deal in
grain “futures” or who attempt to
establish a “corner” in foodstuffs.
The French act bearing on this
matter is dated March, 1885, and is
to be found the enalty in the case of
foodstuffs.
What is called in the wheat pit a
“corner” was described in common
law language by such words as “fore
stalling” and “regrating.” And these
words had a bad sound —like pick
pocket and porch-climber.
The German act went into effect
in May, 1908. It provides heavy
fines and prison sentences for those
who deal in grain futures or who by
any device seek to influence the price
of food products.
According to the common law of
England, nobody had a right to buy
up provisions for the purpose of nar
rowing the market or enhancing the
price.
Doubtless it would still be regard
ed as a crime in all English-speaking
lands to “corner” foodstuffs, if it
were not for a certain remarkable
notion that took possession of the
field of economics in the middle of
the last century.
Making money by cornering the
wheat market ceased to be regarded
as a crime in England simply be
cause Mill and Bright and Cobden
had persuaded everybody that, un
der the common law of nature, no
body could corner the wheat market.
There is no doubt now that it is
possible to corner the wheat market
—possible for an irresponsible spec
ulator to make money by raising the
price of bread.
The doubt has vanished, because
we have seen the thing done.
And the spectacle is grotesque and
monstrous.
Mr. Patten quibbles to the news
papers and says that he has no “cor-
ner”; that he doesn’t “control” the
wheat market —since he has in his
hands only a fifth or a sixth of the
available American supply.
He draws a long face and talks
with an unpleasant unction about
preaching “the gospel of higher
wheat.”
It is perfectly evident that one can
raise the price of hoecakes without
owning quite all the corn in Egypt.
The gist of the wheat speculator's
offense against the sound canons of
business is that his business is sim
ply a nuisance, whether the scale of
his operations be large or small.
You are a useful merchant if the
net result of your merchandizing is
to make it easier for people to get
the things you deal in. You are a
dishonest merchant, and worse than
useless, if your work makes it hard
er for people to live.
That this country should content
itself with a lower standard of com
mercial morality than France or Ger
many, or that it should be less dili
gent in the protection of the people’s
bread, is not to be thought of.
The day of judgment and retribu
tion for those who make game of
public hunger is at hand.—New York
American.
THE “INDEPENDENTS” AND THE
OIL DUTY.
The Standard Oil Company is
shown by the evidence in the St.
Louis case to be making net earn
ings of from 57 per cent, to 84 per
cent, per year on its investment.
The indeendent operators, who are
so insistent on protection upon oil
and its products would seem to be
able to exist, not by reason of the
tariff, but by sufferance of the
Standard.
Competition of the sort that now
exists is not regarded as a bad thing
by the great octopus, which would
seem to be able to snuff it out like a
candle at any time, by reductions
which would extinguish the inde
pendents long before reaching to the
bottom of the Standard’s margin of
profit.
Any industry that can compete
with the Standard, can compete with
the world; and in any case, the re
quest made in the name of the inde
pendents that the Standard be given
protection on nine-tenths of the
product, in order that the producers
of the other tenth may have what
they regard as a stronger hold on
their precarious and merely permis
sive existence is one that this nation
of great consumers of kerosene and
gasoline may feel warranted in re
fusing. The “independents” are too
dependent on the Standard’s will.—
LaFollette’s Weekly Magazine.
AND IT’S SUCH A LITTLE THING,
TOO.
Mr. Luggins made a wild dash for
an up-town subway and missed it by
the tenth of an inch. Then he walked
back to the center of the platform
and stopped.
“I’ve forgotten something,” he
muttered. “I know I’ve forgotten
something.”
Now, Mr. Luggins’ arms and pock
ets were filled with bundles that it
seemed utterly ridiculous for him to
say he had forgotten anything.
“Yes,” he continued; “I have for
gotten something. But what in thun
der it is I can’t make out. It’s not
Susan’s hair ribbon, for that’s in my
upper vest pocket; it’s not Ann’s
tooth paste, for that’s in my lower
vest pocket, and it’s not Bobbie’s
collars, for I’m sure I stuffed them
in my hat. Now, what in the dick
ens can it be? It can’t be the stove
polish, or the picture wire, or the
bird seed, or the sample package of
peeled wheat, or the toothpicks, for
they’re in this bundle, and it can’t be
the carpet tacks, or the spool of No.
40 cotton, or the bottle of marking
ink, or the colored post-cards, for
they’re all in that bundle. Maybe
it’s—yes, by heaven, that’s it! I’ve,
forgotten to buy the piano!”—Judge.
When writing to advertisers please
mention The Jeffersonian.
©fee. ‘3effersonldn
One Hundred Dollars
TO the man, woman or child who sends us the largest
number of subscriptions to Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine between now and January 1, 1910, we will
award prizes as follows:
First Prize - Fifty Dollars
Second Prize - - Twenty-five Dollars
Third Prize - - - - Ten Dollars
Fourth Prize - Five Dollars
Fifth Prize - Five Dollars
Sixth Prize - Five Dollars
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all
subscriptions sent in for this prize competition. For
blanks, samples, etc., apply to
WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE
THOMSON, GEORGIA.
Make Money Work
If you have a little money saved up which
you would like to invest so that it will be
absolutely safe, and at the same time will
be increasing at a profitable rate, write to
us for particulars of our Jeffersonian Bonds.
They are secured by a perfect guarantee,
and they earn seven per cent interest. The
bonds are in small denominations, and are
intended for small investors. The interest
is payable annually, and is secured as abso
lutely as the principal. Write today.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
KMFE FREE
Photo of Thos. E. Watson
Io each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly sub
scription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson's
Jeffersonian Magazine we will mail a handsome, two-bladed knife,
with a transparent handle containing the latest photograph of the
Hon. I hos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of the very
finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of German silver, the lin
ings of plate brass, all beautifully finished. The photograph of Mr.
Watson is life-like; it is the best that was ever .made of our editor
and leader. To get the knife you must ask for it when you send the
money—not afterwards.
THIS OFFER IF GOOD FOR THIRTY DAYS
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
BOOKS BY THOS. E. WATSON
Story of France (2 volumes)Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the SouthPrice 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson. .Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics. . .Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs.
Sketches from Roman HistoryPrice .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo (just published)Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN