KSt BROWN LEGHORNS
Eggs 11.50 to 98.00 tor IS
Write ua.
MUCKALEE POULTRY YARDS,
L. P. Gartner, Freja AMERICUS, GA.
The Ute and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson
contains a biographical sketch written by him
self, and a careful selection of addresses made
by him during the last thirty years.
These speeches cover a great variety of
subjects. They begin with a eulogy which Mr.
Watson delivered in the Georgia Legislature
on Alex H. Stephens. They contain some of
his Commencement speeches. They also con
tain his Labor Day speech, and many of his
political and economic addresses, the result of
years of the closest research and study. These
speeches cover the Child Labor question, Na
tional Finance, discussion of the Tariff Sys
tem, of the National Banking System, the
Government Ownership of Railroads, the cor
rupt legislation put upon the country by the
two old parties, a thorough exposition of the
principles of Jeffersonian Democracy and a
thorough treatment of the evils of class legis
lation which now oppress the people.
This book Is illustrated, is printed in good
type, and is bound in cloth. Price, prepaid,
$1.50.
We will send this book free of charge to
any one who subscribes to the Jeffersonian
Magazine for five years at $5.00. The book
will also be sent as a premium to any one
who will raise a club of five subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each. It will be mailed as a premium
to any one who sends us six subscribers to
the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,.
Thomson, Ga.
Hand Book of Politics and Economics
In this large volume Mr. Watson gives a
mass of the most valuable statistical Informa
tion bearing on every great subject, politi
cal and economic. He also gives the history
of political parties and a summary of all
political platforms.
He also gives a history of national legisla
tion, especially of that class of legislation
which now oppresses the common people.
The National Banking System Is fully ex
plained, and Its evils demonstrated. The black
chapter of financial legislation which began
with the Civil War and which had Its cul
mination in the panic of 1907, is given in full.
In this book you will learn all about our
system of Tariff taxation. You will find in it
the strongest arguments in favor of the gov
ernment ownership of railroads and other pub
lic utilities. You will find in it a discussion
of Socialism; the encroaehments of th® Fed
eral Judiciary; the peculiar injustice of the
national government to the farming class; the
dangerous encroachments of the Catholic
clergy, and a clear statement of those reme
dies which should be applied In order that
the political body should be made whole.
Price, delivered, SI.OO.
We will mall this book free of charge to
any one who sends us four subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each, or who sends us five subscribers
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,
, 4 Thomsen, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
A Dollar Bill
Enclosed in an envelope, with
your name and address, will
bring you
The Two Jeffersonians
For the Next Six Months
No commission to agents on this offer. Mail your
dollar to
The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
THE FARMERS’ UNION HYMNAL
Contains a choice collection of Farmers' Union
songs, calculated t© build up the cause oi
unionism wherever sung. Price, 10 cents per
copy, sl.lO per dozen, postpaid. Round or
shaped notes. Address
A. C. NEECE,
Sunset, Texas, Route 5.
More/and KJbhf
Better Tobacco I
—Bigger Profits
The labor is as great to grow and
M h ru rVeSt a Poor Cr °P aS a S ood One -
U When you can so surely “increase your
yie ? ds per acre ” get a far better
quality of tobacco by using
W Viiginia-Carolina W
J Fertilizers
why not use them this season ? There’s no reason why you
ff cannot accomplish the same as thousands of others. Mr. V.
5 C ‘ i'j Ve ’ of Tinklin S> v *-» says “As a producer of fine tobac- f
sa co, Ido not feel I can say enough for your fertilizer. It makes J
tobacco that brings me more money than any other fertilizer
|| I can get. I have tried many other brands but none equaled
K yours. I believe Virginia-Carolina Fertilizers to be the best JL-Jf
on the market for tobacco.” JOpL
h Virginia-Carolina h ertilizers contain better and higher
kJ grade materials than any other brands of tobacco fertilizer.
6 I hey will increase the yield per acre, and improve the ? I
texture and quality of the tobacco you grow, so you can Jt
get a better price per pound than ever before. Jr w
t<4 Much valuable information on tobacco-culture will be found in
-‘Ja the new Virginia-Carolina Year Book or Almanae. Don’t fail y y
O1 to ask your fertilizer dealer for a copy, or write our nearest i
k'Jrw sales office and one will be sent you free. AS
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Richmond, Va. Durham, N. G Ztssht ’J f M
M Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S. C. I
kxZ Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md. '
Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga. S
fa "ij&k Savannah, Ga. , ja
Vi ; Montgomery, Ala. |
\ Memphis, “Senn. Is Ji
\ Shreveport, La. I*. . g .. JP -a
I \
I ife W1
Get your eye on the Athens Busl
ness College, Athens, Ga. Largest
school of Bookkeeping, Business
Training, Shorthand, and Typewriting
in the State. Positions secured. Fill
in and mail for 168 page catalog.
Name ,
Address*.
TELEGRAPHY
Best equipped school South. Positions guar
anteed to young men and ladies of good char
acter. No others accepted. Write for free cat
alog.
AMERICAN TELEGRAPH SCHOOL,
Dept. 500, Milledgeville, Ga,
ROUND!
One of the best Commission Houses for run to
ship vour Fruits, Potatoes, Cabbages, Peas and
everything in this line to. Write theca today.
They are
Hewitt & Company
10 E. Camden Street, : : : BALTIMORE, Mik
PAGE FIFTEEN