PAGE SIX
T AENEAS’ UNION ‘DEPARTMENT
FARM NOTES.
Every house on the farm should have plenty
of light.
There is one way in which farmers can do
much to help each other, which is little prac
ticed, and that is by co-operation.
We are of the opinion that a heavy drag,
which is being used so effectively in other
places, would help our black-land roads.
Success does not depend entirely upon dig
ging in the ground. There must be some
brains mixed with it. The more brains the
better.
Every farmer should get good agricultural
books, papers and magazines. It rests one
to read. Study when you work, be intelli
gent and up-to-date.
Few papers need to be read entirely
through, but few have nothing helpful in
them. The way to read is to select what is
interesting and let the others alone.
An exchange says that the melon growers
are looking to legislative action for the pres
ervation of snakes because they destroy So
many field mice, which are so injurious to the
melon crops.
For some reason the love of nature and
contact with the soil is ennobling. Usually
the tillers of the soil in all its branches are
among the best citizens, and no pursuit con
veys greater benefits to the world.
One of the most important items in the com
mon school course is the time given to the
study of agriculture. But the chief require
ment for doing it successfully is often absent,
that is, an intelligent teacher. It is somewhat
of a farce for those to teach agriculture who
have never been on a farm. It is like teach
ing boys to be sailors by persons who have
never been in a boat.
If a man was raised on a farm and goes to
the city to engage in business, no difference
how successful he may be, he usually longs to
go back to the farm in after years.
One does not usually think of classing corn
as a grass; but it is a true grass, as indeed
are wheat, rye, oats, barley and rice. The
tassel is its flower, the ear its fruit. It has
become the most important of all our cereal
crops.
The Western Agriculturist says: Forestry
has come to stay, and farmers should take a
deep interest in it, for it means more and bet
ter crops and a larger income. Every farm
should have its wood lot well protected and
cared for.
To be thoroughly in earnest, thoughtfully
in earnest, systematically in earnest, persist
ently in earnest, whether in the line of one’s
profession, or out of it, will do as much to
bring success as anything to be found. —Texas
Farmer.
THE PARCELS POST LAW.
‘‘The farmers throughout the country are
working to secure the Parcels Post. To the
man living far removed from communities
where they have small stores the government
control of express matter may prove a benefit,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
but to nine out of ten of the American peo
ple it will prove, if adopted, a detriment. The
small dealer in merchandise —and there are
tens of thousands of them all over the land
—is of inestimable value to millions of peo
ple. How will we get along without them
when the government undertakes to bring all
cur supplies from the large department stores,
and the small establishments are obliged to
close up? Let us see how it will work in ac
tual practice. At present, when you find you
are out of sugar or matches, you send to the
corner store and procure them. When you
must send to the city for everything you need,
when you must procure a money order and
send it with your order and pay in advance
for an article you have not seen, and are
compelled to wait the coming of the mail long
delayed by a storm, you will begin to wish
for the old order of things. Government con
trol of our letters is well enough, but too much
of a good thing is good for nothing!”—St.
Augustine Record.
The foregoing is a false view of the mat
ter.
The enactment of a parcels post law is a
benefit to the retail merchant as well as tin
farmer. With a parcels post law the retail
merchant is the one who will be benefited
by the orders sent in by the farmers who are
too busy to stop a horse from the plow to go
to town.
The only interests that will be hurt by a
parcels post law are the express companies—
and they should be taught a lesson, which the
parcels post law alone caML ach.
For years they have had the people of this
country by the throat, with hands in their
pockets and what they have done to the peo
ple has been “a plenty.”
TO THE MEMBERS OF THE FARMERS’
UNIONS IN THE SEVERAL STATES.
Friends and Brethren:
We have just closed at Memphis the great
est meeting the farmers of this country have
ever held.
In numbers, in enthusiasm and in co-opera
tive fellowship it surpassed all the meetings
that have ever gone before and furnishes the
most gratifying and conclusive evidence that
the Farmers’ Union is neither at a standstill
nor a sluggard in the progressive march of
the times.
From first to last the same harmony pre
vailed that has always characterized the or
ganization, and the plans for the ensuing year
were agreed upon without dissent or divi
sion.
When we look backward and contemplate
the steady and stately achievements of the
past three years—all that our great organi
zation has done, and all that its splendid pow
ers make possible for the future—we may well
rejoice, and the spirit of amazement at the
work may give to thankfulness for the
grace that has guided our efforts and the help
ful harmony that has made them win.
There is absolutely no reason known to men
why the Farmers’ Union should not become
—if it is not. already so —the greatest busi
ness organization in the world. We are
marching now sturdily and hopefully toward
the goal.
We must inevitably mold the South, the
West and the North into an irresistible and
beneficent compact that will sway the nation
for the nation’s good. In a great cause that
is neither selfish nor unprofitable we must help
ourselves, and in so doing help our country to
a larger and nobler plane of happiness and
prosperity.
Who is there among us who doubts our pow
er or capacity to serve this noble purpose in
the history of our times?
The things that we fight for are laudable
things and logical things. The claims that we
make are reasonable and righteous claims. The
betterment we seek must and surely will in
clude the betterment of our country and of
all the people of every class. God helps those
who help themselves, and we are best invok
ing the divine blessing when we stand sturdy
and steadfast for the measures and the party
which increases our character and enlarges
our prosperity.
Let me congratulate you once more that in
the face of panics and amid prices falling
everywhere we have held steadfast the values
of our fann products and sustained cotton at
the rim of what we ask even though the bot
tom dropped from stocks and bad securities.
But for the banded strength of 2,000,000 farm
ers, cotton would have fallen from its high es
tate to a five cent value. The world knows
this and the world respects and hears a body
that defends its own.
Two little words of counsel will suffice for
this message of today, it is better to single
shot one good idea than to scatter bird-shot
suggestions over a wide area of advice.
First: Let us make our farms everywhere
self-supporting and we can smile into the face
of every panic which gamblers are able to
manipulate. Let every farm be a province
of plenty, a walled city of industrial defense.
Let us sow and reap from the soil that is ours
the necessaries of life, and we can then in
any possible emergency forget the luxuries
and defy the conspirators who would starve
us into industrial submission to their plans.
Tickle the soil with muscle and touch it with
brain and it will furnish everything we need,
and build the best established rampart against
our enemies.
And once more, hre wary of the politicians.
As the organization grows greater and more
powerful the scheming politician with his
skilled lieutenants becomes more and more so
licitous of our happiness and success, and
more and more determined to use it as the
stepping stone to his personal profit or his po
litical preferment. Watch this fellow and
avoid him to the end. By this man the
Fanners’ Alliance fell, but by this man let
us never fall. Give every man thine ear but
few thy tongue. Weigh counsel carefully and
with keen eyes consider the man who gives it,