PAGE SIX
than his prayerful, earnest, eloquent conclu
sion :
“May God bless and preserve our Tom. Here
he is. Hear ye him!”
But the audience was not ready to hear him
for quite a while. It had itself to be heard
in a spontaneous and vociferous welcome. He
was “their Tom” come for a talk with them
and they were just boys together for a few
wild minutes.
And it was only a talk he gave, as man to
man, as friend to friend. But it was fearless,
it was powerful, and it met with a magical
response. <
*?
In discussing the State issues, Mr. Watson
went carefully and painstakingly over the
ground, meeting and silencing any faint, lin
gering doubt in the mind of any hearer as
to his own perfect consistency,throughout both
Gubernatorial campaigns. Carefully he in
quired, in his quaint way, for the man who
•
HHH
JOSEPH B. KEIM, OF NEW YORK.
Prominent Figure at Populist Gathering.
said “either himself or Tom Watson had been
a fool.” At no time did this gentleman come
forward to receive the label so manifestly
ready to be awarded him by that crowd and
it is feared that th.e legendary killer of his
kind has been at work. The superb foresight
displayed in thwarting Mr. Smith’s designs
against the liberties of the country counties
and the absolute necessity of taking prompt
action against such designs, was clear beyond
cavil. These have been plain to readers of
the Jeffersonians from the first, but it was
made so luminously plain that a few Smith
sympathizers who made some feeble, choking,
noises of protest early in the remarks, soon
“sunk to silence like a tavern brawl.”
Mr. Watson took occasion to refer to the
September “Jeffersonian,” which was so widely
quoted: “Hoke Smith has done well. No man
could have done better.” There was a ripple
of laughter when he mentioned the enormous
circulation it had had.
“But there are two months that rhyme with
each other. One is September, and the other
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
is November. And the November magazine
was not so widely circulated. For in November
Hoke made his mistake, and within two days
after he made it the Jeffersonian condemned
him.
“When the September editorial was written,
it was understood that the governor would call
a special session of the legislature to handle
the matters which it had neglected.
“But in November, Mr. Smith said that ne
had no criticism to make of the legislature’s
work. He was not going to call a special ses
sion. There was to be no criticism of the leg
islature for failing to do the things which
Hoke Smith had promised to persuade them to
do.
“There was no quibbling about it, to me.
The legislature had either done right or wrong.
They had failed to pass four of the leading
measures of Hoke Smith’s platform. But
the governor had let the team rest, and was
commencing to unharness. I saw that all the
talk about the special session was over.
“What it amounted to was that Hoke Smith
had got tired of being a good reformer, and
wanted to leave the governorship before his
work was done. He wanted to be a senator,
and he was afraid to criticise. He had lost
interest.
“Denial? Is there any denial of this? No
man can stand up with me before the people
and attempt to deny it. I throw the gauntlet
in their face. Mr. Smith himself will never
face me before the people and deny it.”
Speaking of Gov. Smith s trip to Europe in
the interest of immigration—which practically
meant turning the State Agricultural Depart
ment into a bureau for importing pauper labor
for the southern cotton mills —Mr. Watson la
mented that the Governor “did not tell me
Good bye, nor leave me a lock of his hair.”
And someone in the throng replied, “And that’s
why we took his scalp.”
Mr. Watson showed how Hoke Smith had
been foisted upon him the first time instead of
the candidate he would have selected. But
“I thought I knew w r hat was happening in the
recent election. I thought 1 knew how to man
age your case. I thought the moment anybody
tried any back-tracking, he would find the buffer
right there!
“There was a house to be lifted, and I lifted
one side of it, for I couldn’t lift it all at once.
I put the jack-screws down under it, and you saw
Hoke Smith going up, up, up—up. (Laughter.)
But after that Mcßae speech I concluded I had
raised that side of the house high enough, so
I let it alone and put the screws under the
other side. And then you saw Joe Terrell going
up—up.
“Why, in their convention they actually for
got themselves and put ‘Jeffersonian Democ
racy’ in their platform. (Laughter.)
“Boys, it’s all right. We’ve got them by the
hair of their heads. We have them in the
hollow of our hands.”
Closing the discussion of state affairs, Mr.
Watson dropped from the lighter vein into
one very serious and said:
“I want the electoral vote of the state of
Georgia. I am entitled to it. I worked with
you early, and I am still with you. I have been
always loyal. I stood by you when I might
have stepped off and floated on the surface. I
went down with you because I believed in the
principles you stand with me for. We went
down together, and, boys, we ought to come up
together. I want Georgia's electoral vote in the
next election.”
“Going to get it!” yelled someone, and there
followed a chorus of approval.
“The south is not important in politics today.
She is important in everything else but poli
tics. The reason is that the world believes
it has got to vote the Democratic ticket if it has
got a dead dog on it. (Laughter and cheering.)
“Give me authority to fight your case. Trust
me. Let the world know I represent Georgia.”
The gage was thrown smack into the face
of Bryan, whose odious bid for the negro vote
was excoriated as it deserved. Everyone knows
the revolting details of the slaying and intimi
dation of the citizens of Brownsville, a little
Southern town, by negro troops who were quar
tered there. When the regiment refused to
give up the guilty among their number, but
made common cause against the Government,
Roosevelt discharged them all. And now
Bryan coddles these black brutes and their like
by condemning Roosevelt’s righteous action.
When this was mentioned, there was the sound
as of engines blowing off steam as his hearers
hissed Bryan and cried, Shame! Shame!
—■
' ill
|gg > ®
iIIML J? • i
GEORGE A. HONNECKER.
Prominent Populist from New York.
Mr. Watson told of his service in the inter
ests of Mr. Bryan’s candidacy. He stumped Ne
braska for him, he said, and carried that state
for Mr. Bryan; and Bryan has never carried
it since.
After the speaking there was a surge toward
the platform, an ovation was given Mr. Wat
son and a general love feast held by the com
rades. There was a complete understanding.
Hereafter there would be harmonious work
ing together for the upbuilding of the State.
The election of the state executive commit
tee and resolutions of various kinds took up
the time of the afternoon session of the Popu
list convention, which met at the St. Nicholas
auditorium.
The executive committee is composed of
two delegates from each -of the eleven con
gressional districts.
A resolution was unanimously adopted en
dorsing the action of the St. Louis convention