PAGE FOURTEEN
posed to the ship subsidy. In concluding this
glittering editorial, Duck says, “Read Mr.
Brooks’ article closely.”
It’s a pity Duck himself did not read the
Brooks article “closely”. He would then have
avoided the fatal fly-paper.
Let me quote a part of the Brooks article:
“It goes without saying that the bare registry
of foreign-built vessels would not bring the re
sults desired. The preferential tariff, added to
free ships, would work together to build up a
Merchant Marine on a natural and substantial
basis. The admission of American-owned foreign
built vessels, subject to the use of the Government
in time of war, should be restricted in the matter
of size, power, speed, age, etc., and a time limit
fixed beyond which no more admissions would be
permitted.
“If subsidy advocates are sincere in merely
wanting to restore our Merchant Marine, why do
they not propose a tonnage bounty on non-du
tiable articles only that do not compete with
American products and agree to the preferential
tariff on all imports?
“The question of restoring our commercial do
minion of the seas does not hinge on where the
vessels are built. That is solely a question of
ship-building.”
RETALIATION.
“Subsidy advocates oppose the differential tariff
on the ground that it will cause retaliatory legis
lation on the part of other governments.
“If there is anything that this nation can do it
is to whip the world on this score.
“This one point is sufficient text for a whole
speech.’’
Thus, you see that Mr. Brooks proposes to
take money out of the national Treasury to give
bounties to ship-owners. He likewise proposes
a preferential tariff against the foreigner. In
this connection, the word “subsidy” means,
the giving of special aid, privilege or advan
tage to those Americans who are engaged in
the running of ships and steamers on the seas
and oceans. To pay them bounties for doing
this, would be to subsidize them.
To say that a foreigner must pay higher
tariff duties than at present, would enable the
American ship-owners to add that much more
to the prices of their cargoes. To let the tariff
remain as it is, (or as it may be reformed,)
but to give a reduction of custom house duties
to the American vessel, would be all right—
but the Trusts would combat such a law as
that most resolutely.
Duck savs that he believes that “The Gov-
PLAIN TRUTH
A MONTHLY MAGAZINE, 32 PAGES
By J. A. SCARBORO,
A Son of Georgia, Minister and
Student.
This Magazine is digging up and
exposing corruption and graft in
“Missions”. Its Editor has studied
the subject fifteen years, published
two books on the subject and knows
what he is doing. Dr. J. N. Hall,
late Editor of the Baptist Flag, the
most widely circulated Baptist pa
per in the South, with whom Scar
boro was associated as Editor of
that paper, said of him: “J. A. Scar
boro is the best informed man on
missions in America.” The cham
pions of the present system have
declined to meet him in both press
and on rostrum. His Magazine is
full of facts, evidence and argu
ments which can not be refuted. He
is Treasurer of the General Asso
ciation of Baptist Churches, and has
the confidence and enjoys the en
dorsement of his brethren. He is
Pastor of one of the best churches
in the land and just in his prime
and in the thickest of the battle for
truth and righteousness.
FREE OFFER:
Plain Truth for 12 months SI.OO
Foreign Missions Exposed, 100-
page book by Hon. Thos. E.
Watson 25
The Jeffersonian for 52 weeks
or Watson’s Magazine for
12 months 1.00
$2.25
ALL FOR $1.25.
THE JEFFERSONIANS,
Thomson, Ga.
Fifty-five dollars in cold cash will
be distributed to our best agents for
prizes. Read our offer.
ernment should have a Merchant Marine”.
He did not know that we had one — the big
gest in the world. When I showed him that
we have 25,425 sailing vessels and ocean
going steamers, besides 4,000 boats and barges,
he was dumbfounded.
Not a large number of these ships compete
for ocean freights—but why? Because about
100,000 vessels and tramp steamers, all bid
ding for the business, have brought the rates
down so low that Americans prefer to invest
their money elsewhere.
Besides, our absurd navigation laws com
pel the American ship to carry along an extra,
crew, at-a cost of several thousand dollars a
year —hence, it is too badly handicapped to
compete with the tramp steamers, and the
tens of thousands of foreign vessels. These
can be built and operated at about half the
expense of an American vessel: therefore
they take away from us most of the ocean
business.
Do you care a snap of your finger whether
a -Scotchman, a German, a Frenchman, an
Englishman, or an American carries your cot
ton and wheat to Europe?
I don't. These heartless Trusts, which sell
more cheaply to foreign nations than to us
homefolks, needn’t expect me to have the
bellyache because a foreigner underbids them
on the ocean freight rates.
No, Sirree! There are too many other
things to worry over, without bothering my
head over a matter of that sort.
Abandoned Farms
At Albany, New York, is published The
Country Gentleman, “the oldest agricultural
paper in the world.”
In its issue of December 23, 1909, appears
a leading article on the deserted farms of New
York State, and of the East:
“We were recently informed by high authority
that ‘good profit can be made on any of the aban
doned farms of this State with potatoes at 50
cents a bushel,’ and the ‘farms are all right, but
the farmers are wrong.’ Is it true that these
farms were abandoned merely because they lacked
the official O. K.? And having received it, will
they jump at once into profitable productiveness?
“Within a comparatively small area on eastern
Long Island, an area containing say 30 square
Union Party
Remember, that, united we stand,
divided we fall.
Platform: The Initiative, Referen
dum, with the right of Recall.
Some time ago we wrote a letter
to Mr. Watson’s weekly Jefferson
ian, Thomson, Ga., urging a union’
of all factions upon the above plat
form. Now w r e are being urged by
many to send out to the public our
appeal and plan to get together and
quit keeping up four or five houses,
when all factions should unite and
keep house together; instead of di
viding our forces, unite our forces
and become a power for good at
once.
I have been a member of several
branches of organized labor for
many years, and about all members
endorse the above platform. Then
why not members of organized labor,
members of the People’s Party, mem
bers of the Prohibition party, mem
bers of the Socialist party, members
of the Social Democrat party, mem
bers of the Independence party, and
all dissatisfied and disgusted mem
bers of the Demo-Republican party,
join together in a Union Party and
march to victory? There are just
three reasons: Ist. Jealousy and
stubbornness. 2d. Lack of intelli
gence and pride. 3d. The desire to
assist the Demo-Republican ma-
Glje 3erfcrsontan
chines, who are the agents of the
trusts and combinations of capital.
Remember, a party must first get
into power, into office, before they
can make laws, legislate for the peo
ple, and we should get together on
what we do agree upon and show our
good judgment. ,
Now, let every man who reads this
notice and favors the above plain
platform and a united movement,
send us his name and postoffice ad
dress, and all others in sympathy,
Agents Wanted
We want active agents everywhere to handle The Jeffer
sonian and Watson’s Magazine; also the Watson books
LIBERAL CASH COMMISSIONS
27e%. nses , Three Dollars a Day
Department The Jeffersonian, Georgia
miles, are hundreds of acres, probably upwards of
a thousand, that have been practically idle for the
past 20 years. These lands are as level as a floor,
absolutely free of stones, easily worked, are with
in easy hauling distance of railroads within 100
miles of New York City, and are capable of pro
ducing maximum yields of almost any crop proper"
to this latitude. In places they have been farmed
for 250 years, yet-We have never needed, and do
not now need, any apostle of so-called ‘modern
methods’ to show us how to raise 30 to 45 bush
els of wheat, 60 to 75 bushels of shelled corn, and
up to 300 or more bushels of potatoes an acre.”
Does the average Socialist know that, with
in one hundred miles of the City of New
York, there are large areas of smooth, culti
vable land, awaiting the men willing to work
it?
The same writer proceeds to inquire—
“ What is the trouble with the ‘abandoned’ or
neglected farms in the East? Is it lack of humus,
lime, drainage, cultivation, suitable crops and
business methods? No. It is rather a lack of
men who know how to supply these essentials.”
So, it is a fact, conceded by this high-class
paper, The Country Gentleman, that deserted
fields lie scattered all over New England; and
that they approach within one hundred miles
of the City of New York.
Isn’t it a wonder that J. J. Phelps-Stokes,
Robert Hunter, Eugene Debs, and other ram
pant Socialists, do not colonize these aban
doned farms with homeless families from the
big cities?
I see by the papers that Oklahoma has up
wards of 3,000,000 acres of school land to sell,
on easy terms. Texas has other millions of
acres. Florida is opening up homes for thou
sands. The South offers millions of acres of
idle fields.
Why is it that the unemployed of the big
cities are not drained off into these waste
places?
The Socialist leaders never aid the under
dog to get a job, locate on a farm, or improve
his condition. They merely roar at abuses,
and attribute those abuses to our system, in
stead of to vicious individuals and to abuses
of our system.
The same money that has been wasted on
Socialist propaganda, could have secured
work for every one of the unemployed, and a
chance to own a home for every poor man
who was willing to leave the city.
together with ten cents each, to help
defray the expenses of attending to
this important matter, and we will
have published in Mr. Watson’s
weekly Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.,
first or second issue in January, 1910,
the number of names from each State
favoring this plan of uniting.
Address and make all remittances
to
J. R. NORMAN.
418 4th Ave., East Albia, lowa.
(All friendly papers please copy.)