2d: It isn’t desirable that the big cities
should have twenty or thirty times more
power than some of the small counties.
(3) It is not a fact that a majority of the
qualified voters live in the cities and towns.
The country counties control this State; and
that is one reason why I oppose the stealthy
methods by which Hoke Smith, Boykin
Wright, and other city politicians are trying
to concentrate political control in the big
cities.
(4) You are mistaken about the political
power vested in the Governor. As a matter
of fact, his functions are carefully guarded,
and he scarcely has any independence at all.
His duties are definitely prescribed, and he
has little or no power of initiative. Inas
much, as we defeated the attempt of Hoke
Smith and his crowd to rob the country
counties of their power; and inasmuch as the
white Primary decides who shall be Gov
ernor, the present method of electing him is
strictly constitutional, in that it preserves the
ratio of three to one to which you refer.
(a) Yes, of course, I think the white voters
ought to settle all their differences in the
White Primary.
(b) There isn’t a particle of necessity for
amending the Constitution in that respect.
What we need is the prompt repeal of the in
famous registration law which the Hoke
Smithites sneaked through the last Legisla
ture. lam very much inclined to the belief
that a white face and a full set of tax receipts
are about all tlffit should be required of any
adult citizen in a White Primary.
Terrible Accusation Brought
Against the Apostle Paul
A good old Baptist brother who lives in
Monroe County, Georgia, wrote to The
Christian Index, pleading in the most earnest,
respectful terms with Bell and Graham to al
low me space to set forth my side, on Foreign
Missions.
They refused. Neither I, nor anybody
holding the same views, can find room for a
solitary grunt in The Index.
In the course of their defense of their one
sided and unfair policy, Messrs. Bell and
Graham made an awful attack upon Paul,
and upon the early Christians generally. As
serting that it would be easy to answer and
refute me, Bell and Graham argued that
there would be no sense in allowing me to
have space for my side. “We might just as
well administer poison to a member of our
families, because we know that we have a
sure antidote.”
That, in substance, is what Messrs. Bell
and Graham wrote.
So, you see, they claim that my doctrine,
and that of other believers in G-ospel Mis
sions, is poison.
, To send money to Africa to “redeem” dear
little Doras; to furnish gymnasiums and free
drug-stores; to fill up the rotting fangs of
the heathen with gold leaf; to take away
from the Chinese and Japanese governments
the secular education of their own children;
to furnish men and women to teach farming,
blacksmithing, carpentering, dress-making,
embroidery and music; to lodge and feed and
clothe and physic and nurse, 800,000,000 for
eigners—is a sane, practical, patriotic and
God-ordained undertaking.
But to preach the Word; to expound to all
nations what Jesus had expounded to His
own disciples; to lift up Christ, and ask un
believers to have faith— that is poison.
Poor, benighted Paul! How great was his
loss, in not having had The Index on his ex
change list!
Poor, misguided Peter! I could weep
briny globules when I remember what he
missed in not knowing dear Doctor Lovett.
And to think that, for eighteen hundred
years, the missionaries dispensed nothing but
poison!
Ofce Jeffersonian
Among the felons who spread the “pizen”
were such men as the brother of Christ, the
beloved disciple, the impetuous Peter, the
tireless Paul, the faithful Timothy and Bar
nabas. And the followers of these primitive
Gospellers kept up the same simple, effective,
inexpensive and Christ-like methods, for
eighteen hundred years.
They worked wonders, because they were
fired by apostolic zeal and consecration.
“Salvation's free!"
It usd to be. It ain’t now. The Christian
churches have made the religion of the home
less, penniless Wanderer of Judea the most
costly that the world ever maintained.
Amd that’s one reason why it is losing out
so, in Europe and the United States.
The Augusta (Ga.) Postoffice Suf
fering From an Overdose of
Insolent Negroes
Steve Vaughn, the Augusta Postmaster,
hasn t got sense enough to fire an engine,
much less run a first-class postoffice. How
on earth such a mutton-head ever came to get
such an appointment is one of the mysteries
of pussy-foot politics. How he holds it, is
not so difficult to comprehend. There were
some left-over mulatto clerks who under
stood the business, and these have been the
real bosses of the office.
Steve is a big, good-natured simpleton; and
I have nothing to say against him person
ally; but he is without force of character,
and he lets those insolent coons run over him.
What is worse, he allows them to behave
most insultingly to the white men and women
who work there.
Not only do the white men have to use the
same cups to drink out of, but the negro men
wash their hands and faces in the same ves
sels.
Moreover, he allows sassy negro men to
plump down in the office chairs, throw their
feet up on the desk, and PUFF CIGAR
SMOKE IN THE FACES OF WHITE
WOMEN.
Where are the men of Augusta— the white
men— that they don’t put a stop to this kind
of thing?
Why don’t the Chronicle and the Herald
arouse public indignation about it?
There was a time when such doings were
not tolerated. There was a time when white
men in Augusta were quick to use their pis
tols, in cases of this sort — IF A STERN
WORD OF WARNING WENT UN
HEEDED.
EDITORIAL NOTES
By J. D. WATSON
One of the shrewdest moves made by
Speaker Cannon in his fight with the In
surgents took place a few days ago when the
House referred back to the committee an item
in the appropriations bill providing for the
Speaker’s automobile.
At this stage of the game Cannon left the
Speaker’s chair, and went on the floor of the
House to defend his position.
Apparently white with anger, he denounced
the Insurgents as a set of cowards, and shak
ing his fist in their faces dared them to oust
him from the Speakership.
The Insurgents meekly took the lambast
ing, and here they showed their judgment,
and the Cannon trick failed to work.
Cannon knows that the game is up with
him and his crowd, unless they can make the
Insurgents fall into some trap that will put
them in a bad light before the people, and
such action as he dared them to take would
have done that very thing.
He knew that the Insurgents were already
as mad as hornets, and that some of their con
stituents were jibing them for not making a
clean kick out of Cannon, when they kicked
him off the Rules Committee. He knew that
they were just itching to scalp him, so what
better trick could he play than goard them
into a fury and make them complete the job
at once?
No one knows better than Cannon what
would follow.
He saw that this would leave the House
without a Speaker, and that it would block
all legislation for the remainder of this ses
sion.
He knew that the Insurgent Republicans
would not vote for a Democrat, and he knew
that the Democrats would not vote for an In
surgent Republican, therefore he had them.
V hile the Democrats and Insurgents
would combine to oust Cannon, they would
split when it came to electing Cannon’s suc
cessor.
After weeks of wrangling over the Speak
ership, Congress would adjourn without be
ing able to do a thing. Practically all of the
Administration measures are yet before Con
gress, and they would be left over unacted
upon.
Then would follow the coining campaign,
and what would be the result ?
The regular Republicans, the Cannon
crowd, would go before the people and de
clare the Insurgents a band of wreckers and
miners,—unable to do anything themselves
and unwilling to let any of’the others do anv
thing.
They would have to face charges of defeat
ing the Administration measures, and the
principles of their party platform by creating
a condition in the House that made it impos
sible for the House to accomplish anything.
A pretty slick trick of Cannon’s, if it had
worked, but the Insurgents seem to be a little
bit too keen to fall into every trap that Can
non sets.
* * * *
During the past week it leaked out that
since 1891 there has lain in the, Treasury
Department documentary evidence that the
Sugar Trust was robbing the Government.
According to former Congressman W. P.
Hepburn, who was Solicitor for the Treas
ury in the Harrison administration, he and
Appraiser Whitehead, of the Port of New
York, discovered, in 1891, that the Sugar
Trust was robbing the Government and they
began an investigation.
This investigation was far-reaching enough
to satisfy these two gentlemen, and they sub
mitted the proofs to the Treasury Depart
ment in order that prosecutions might fol
low. The report, about 4,000 typewritten
pages, covered all the facts, contained all the
affidavits, testimony and exhibits, and made
out just as strong a case as the late investi
gation, which sent a few minor employees of
the Trust to the penitentiary.
In this Hepburn-Whitehead report was a
confession of one employee who told just how
the Government was swindled, what amount
he received for his share of the stolen goods
and a good many other things that led to
officials higher up. This criminal confessed
to making about $3,000 per year for himself,
which was only one per cent, of what the
Trust took for itself.
The Trust gave the petty employee one per
cent, of the amount he beat the Government
out of, and the Trust pocketed the other
ninety-nine.
And all of these facts have been before the
Government officials at Washington for nine
teen years, without any prosecution follow
ing.
Since the discovery of these frauds there
have been five Presidents and seven Secre
taries of the Treasury. One of these admin
istrations was Democratic, and the others Re
publican, but it has been just the same.
The report has remained hidden away in
some pigeon-hole of the Treasury as Demo
crats and Republicans succeeded each other in
(continued on page eighteen)
PAGE FIFTEEN