PAGE TWELVE
Editorial Notes.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
If the 1 rusts could have the courts of the
different States decide as did the New York
Court, you might as well give the entire coun
try to the Trusts.
Ihe 1 obacco 1 rust followed this policy in
New York Qty.
Wherever a retail dealer handled any but
I rust goods, the 1 rust opened a store as near
by as possible, cut prices to below cost until
the independent dealer was crushed out of
business, then restored prices to the regular
Trust figures.
And what is true of the Tobacco Trust will
be , true °f the others,—the Meat Trust, the
Coffee Trust, the Sugar Trust, the Steel Trust,
the Oil 'Trust, —all do business on the same
principle.
I hey crush the independent dealer and then
make the consumer pay what it has cost the
Trust to crush the Independent.
The Senate is still hammering on. the Tariff
bill. During the discussion of the duties on
glassware Senator Root suggested to Senator
Aldrich to furnish some explanation as to the
glass paragraphs, stating that he had no doubt
the committee (Aldrich’s Finance Committee)
would be able to “elucidate" the subject so that
it would be possible for him to ask other
Senators to vote for it.
“As soon as the Senate adjourned Republi
can members of the Finance Committee held
a conference and sent out for the representa
tives of the glass manufacturers to take up
with them the advisability of rewriting the
paragraphs in t'he bill relating to glassware,”
says the Washington Herald.
Well, haven’t the people great hopes of get
ting a square deal from the senate when the
Senate Committee sends out for the repre
sentatives of the manufacturers, the lobbyists,
to take up with them the advisability of re
writing a schedule?
Why spend so much time, besides millions
of dollars of the people’s money, in a hot air
debate when it is cut and dried that the job
is to be put through just as the Trust’s hire
lings at Washington dictate?
*
Congressman Harry Maynard, of Virginia,
is one of the most courageous of present day
statesmen. He says what he thinks, and he
says it plain enough to be clearly understood.
Listen to Maynard: "As long as I live count
me in the ranks of the ‘unterrified Democracy,’
but all the same I am a firm believer in the
policy of protecting American resources and
industries.”
Hurrah for Maynard! ... .*
Being thus encouraged. Mr. Maynard con
tinued; “I shall fight to the last ditch for the
maintenance of a healthy import duty on
lumber and PEANUTS. (Cheers.)
“We really need a higher duty on PEA
NUTS or goober peas, as they call them in the
plebian Georgia vernacular.”
Now who dares deny Maynard’s courage?
Not only has he the courage to champion
the cause of his beloved peanut for he takes
we “crackers" to task so r calling them
“goobers.”
How many statesmen so brave as Mr. May
nard? Peanuts!
We Georgians apologize to Mr. Maynard
for calling his Virginia peanut a goober pea,
in our “plebian Georgia vernacular,” just as
we apologize for not calling the genuine old
fashioned pain that they sometimes cause in
the bread basket region “appendysytus.”
But why should not Virginia furnish us our
first champion of the peanut industry?
The Commander-in-Chief of the Revolution
ary forces was a Virginian,—just as he was the
first, in America, to recognize the value of
mule-breeding.
So Virginia is only keeping up her repu
tation.
Jeffersonian
She furnished the greatest Presidents, —men
whose doctrines will outlive this Republic.
She furnished the framers of our Consti
tution.
So why should we “crackers” feel jealous
because Virginia keeps up the pace which she
set prior to 1876?
No, it’s only petty meanness to envy Vir
ginia such a brave son as Maynard.
Other States may have owned “peanut”
politicians, but to Virginia, alone, belongs the
champion of the peanut cause.
No other State can boast of a son who was
brave enough to cry, “Give me liberty, or give
me death!”
And no other State can boast of a son who
is brave enough to say, “I am the champion
of peanuts!”
*
“Is Democracy content?” asks the “New
York World.” Then the “World” answers the
question as follows:
“Is Democracy Content?
“Independence of party if not indifference
to party is exemplified almost daily at Wash
ington in a manner that is calculated to give
the free lance in politics much satisfaction. A
Republican President having two Democrats
in his Cabinet appoints a Democrat to the
Federal bench in North Carolina, and in the
Senate eleven Republicans vote against their
party for lower tariff taxes and two Democrats
array themselves with the orthodox Republi
cans. A few days ago in the House there was
a disruption of party alignments that Was even
more impressive.
If these events could be attributed to a grow
ing disposition to pursue the right regardless
of party they would be highly agreeable, but
it is probable that they result chiefly from the
inability of the Democratic partv to improve
a great opportunitv to serve the country in
opposition. A Democratic party honestly
fighting Republicanism would have no repre
sentatives in the Cabinet of a Republican
President. A Democratic party resisting
plutocracy and privilege in government would
so solidify the ranks of Republicans. that no
Republican member of Congress would venture
to dissent from his associates. A Democratic
party North and South standing boldly for
its own principles would not contribute any
Federal office-holders to a Republican Ad
ministration.
The inevitable rivalry and friction which a
true Democratic opposition would produce
could not fail to strengthen party lines on
both sides. The larger passions might be
magnified, but it would be at the expense of
the smaller. Personal selfishness would give
way to considerations of greater magnitude
and probably of higher ethical value. Local
issues and individual ambitions would be swal
lowed up in wider movements for the general
good.
It will not make much difference in the long
run how many Democrats receive office at the
hands of an amiable Republican President or
how many Democratic communities are fed on
the crumbs that fall from the table of a conde
scending plutocracy. A party in pretended
opposition which is content with this sort of
thing will remain a minority forever.”
How many times the Jeffersonian has said
the same thing about the Democratic party
that the leading Democratic paper says in the
above editorial.
Now let some of our Democratic brethren
accuse the “New York World” of trying to
disrupt the Democratic party for personal
gain. *
The protest against the proposed tariff rate
on coffee and tea is so general and so loud
that it will not be a surprise to see both put
on the free list.
A tax on tea and coffee hits the rich man’s
pocket just as it hits the poor man’s, so no
wonder Congress hears a loud protest.
But in the meantime the importer of tea and
coffee (the trust) has raised the price on the
strength of what Congress is going to do.
The importer raises his price to the whole
sale merchant, the wholesale merchant has to
do the same with the retailer, and the re
tailer has to charge the cons timer more :
It is simply robbery, for there is no more
tax oh tea and coffee today than there was a
year ago. M H H
Germany Ousts Negroes From Army.
After having given the negroes a fair trial
as a soldier, the Germans have forbidden the
enlistment of any more of them in the army.
The reason assigned for this action is that
the negro has proven a failure,—he contracts
all the vices of civilization and none of its
virtues;
Senator Funlker ; the Nfew Yotk Wdrlth 2nd
Gollter’fc ffiay ridw proceed to gO irito convul
sions. Louis Post, of the Chicago Public, will
have things to say; and Booker Washington
will fling a few fits. Still, as there are no pro
fessional nigger-lovers in Germany, the coons
will have to go. After all, Germany is merely
following the example of Great Britain, from
whose army and navy negroes are now de
barred.
In due time, the same policy will be adopted
in the United states. People will grow weary
of the eternal friction caused by the blacks;
and, to prevent any repetition of the Browns
ville shoot-upj and its aftermath, enlistments
in the army and navy will be restricted to the
whites.
For the good of the negroes as well as of the
Caucasians, the Jeffersonian stands firmly for
this programme:
“Give the negro the full measure of his
natural rights as a man, but do not extend to
him the political privileges of voting, office
holding, or enlistment in the military service."
The negroes of Washington City are draw
ing from the Government FIVE MILLION
DOLLARS PER YEAR IN SALARIES, as
office-holders. Besides this, they are paid
$440,000 as school-teachers. These facts are
boastingly proclaimed by Booker Washington,
himself. Every one of the fat jobs held by
the negro bucks in Washington should belong
to a white man. Every snug position held in
the Government service by a negress SHOULD
BE GIVEN TO A WHITE WOMAN.
Very few of our people know how many
negroes are kept in Uncle Sam’s clover by the
politicians of both the old parties. 1 nink of
it!—five million dollars every year, taken from
the public taxes and turned over to the dandy
coons of one city !
Booker Washington brags about it. We
don’t blame him. The question is, How long
are our people going to stand it?
W «
7 he Necklenburg Declaration.
Ihe New Nork World calls the celebrated
document a myth. On the contrary, the Wash
ington Post vindicates its historical character.
In the preparation of “The Life and Times
of 1 homas Jefferson,” I had occasion to investi
gate the subject, and the result of my re
searches was a conviction that the Mecklenburg
Declaration of Independence was a robust fact.
Ihe belligerent Tarheels took themselves
out from under King George in May, 1775,
so far as defiant words, written and published,
could do it. Mr. Jefferson had never heard
of this North Carolina Declaration, and he
argued against its existence, rather more
earnestly than Archbishop Whately argued
that Napoleon Bonaparte never lived.
The great Corsican did exist in spite of the
Archibishop’s plausible showing to the con
trary, and the Mecklenburgers did declare
themselves independent of King George, in
May, 1775; notwithstanding Mr. Jeffersorw’s
array of “pints” against it.
The editors of the New York World appar
ently taboo such romances as ‘-Bancroft’s His
tory of the United States.”