it just as. the English do toward “a common,” '
and just as a country neighborhood feels to
ward a roadway which has been in constant
use for generations.
To shut the public out causes a row. This is
so, throughout the world.
Therefore, when the two lawyers, Taylor and
Rankin, bought the Lake and told the people
of the regions round about that no one should
fish it, excepting those who paid Taylor and
Rankin for the privilege, a temper of violence
was aroused among these ignorant backwoods
men, similar to that which flames out in Eng
land when a nobleman incloses “a common.”
We think that the Governor of Tennessee
should give due weight to this underlying
cause of the crime, and that he should commute
the sentence of the six condemned men to life
imprisonment.
Again,—we think that the State of Tennes
see should cancel that grant and restore Reel
foot Lake to the public. Return to the pur
chasers every dollar they paid, add to this
whatever sum they have spent legitimately on
the property, allow interest on the sum total, at
the legal rate, and then REVOKE THE
GRANT.
It was improvidently made, —should never
have been made. Great deep-water lakes like
that ought not to be privately owned. They
are public in their nature, their uses, and their
benefits.
The State of Tennessee has already been at
a far larger expense on account of this legisla
tive mistake than she got for the Lake. If she
wants peace among her people, if she wants to
put an end to violence and crime in the Reel
foot region, let her, first of all, win the confi
dence of those poor, benighted people of the
backwoods BY MAKING RESTITUTION.
n * n
More About the "Bell Case.
The Jeffersonian is in receipt of the follow
ing letter, which speaks for itself ;
Macon, Ga., February 4. 1909.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson. Thomson, Ga.
My’Dear Sir: ti had been my intention to
sincerely thank oii for the editorial upon the
Bell case which appeared in the Jeffersonian
of last week, but have been delayed in doing
so until the present time. After reading the
editorial of this week I desire to doubly thank
vou. I brought the proceedings which resulted
in the verdict mentioned. Mr. McNeil’s state
ments to you are substantially correct. YOU
WILL UNDERSTAND BELL HAS NEVER
HAD A HEARING AS TO HIS SANITY.
He was taken to Allen’s Sanitarium and forci
bly held there until an apology for a trial was
held in Swainsboro and the necessary papers
made out for his commitment to the State
Sanitarium. HE HAS NEVER BEEN
FACED BY AN ACCUSER OR JURY, and
the proceedings were brought to show that he
was being illegally held, which fact we proved
by witnesses from Swainsboro, but the ordi
nary, at the dictation of Mr. Pottle, AC
CEPTED THE COMMITMENT PAPERS
HELD BY THE OFFICIALS AS THE
HIGHEST EVIDENCE THAT EVERY
THING WAS REGULAR, notwithstanding
the fact that BELL WAS MANY MILES
AWAY WHEN THE PAPERS WERE
MADE OUT. Having served a term’ in the
Legislature with Bell I am prepared to make
oath that I believe George Bell to be as sane
now as he was when his people elected him
to represent them in the General Assembly, or
•even more so, for he is entirely sober at this
time.
Again thanking you for your interest in the
matter, I am very truly yours,
L. J. Kilburn.
In addition to Mr. Kilburn’s letter, we pre
sent the following:
West Point, Ga., Feb. 5, 1909.
Hon. T. E. Watson. t
Dear Sir: Reading in the Jeffersonian of the
* » ‘ ‘ * .*■-
3effersOttlan
case of Geo. H. Bell, I am moved to write to
you. I know something from experience about
that MURDER hole, known as the State Sani
tarium, as I spent five months there some two
years ago. I wish to state that the cruelties
practiced on the unfortunate inmates surpass
those practiced in the Dark Ages by Spaniard
or Turk.
I have seen the attendants, or keepers, knock
ing and kicking the poor epileptics down-stairs.
Also seen them put two poor idiots to fighting
for their amusement.
Could give the names and addresses of sev
eral witnesses, if they are alive today, and have
ever been discharged.
I heard you speak at LaGrange many years
ago at the Cooper murder trial, also the late
Wm. Samford, later Governor of Alabama.
Am selling out to leave this State, as it seems
to me to be a dangerous State to live in.
Truly,
Robert C. Harrell.
If Governor Smith were not so busy trying
to make himself solid with influential lawyers’
who want pardons for their clients he might
hold .up awhile on turning felons out of the
penitentiary, and devote some of his valuable
time to conditions at the State Sanitarium.
The iTfegal method adopted to put George
Bell in there, and to keep him in there, cries to
heaven for redress.
Who is it that pays the lawyers who are
keeping this man in prison? Who are your
clients, Judge Lawson? If there is no unworthy
motive actuating those who prolong the in
carceration of Bell, why is it that the proceed
ings against him have been so shockingly law
less ?
Why is it that THEY DARE NOT GIVE
BELL A FAIR TRIAL BEFORE AN IM
PARTIAL JURY?
H I?
"Good ILbening, Slveetheart; Ain't You
Glvine Ter Kiss Tie ?”
John Brown's soul is conclusively presumed
to be marching on. Even Pittsburg has its
nigger-quake.
One white woman is dying from injuries re
ceived from a black ravisher, and scores of
other assaults and attempts to assault, have at
last fired the Pennsylvanians. White girls on
their way to school, and working-girls on their
way to their daily tasks have been attacked
in the broad open daytime, and outraged by
the African brutes who are allowed to infest
certain parts of Pittsburg. So rank is the
growth of insolence and lawlessness that it is a
common occurrence for a negro man to hail a
white girl with,
“Good evening sweetheart; ain’t yer gwine
ter kiss me?”
We regret to say that, as yet, none of these
brutes have been before Judge Lynch.
But as we were saying, John Brown’s rest-,
less soul is still on the go. Sometimes we
wonder what Cassius Clay and Wendell Phil
lips and garnet Beecher Stowe and Tub'’
Ward Howe and Lloyd Garrison and Owen
Lovejoy and Charles Sumner and William H.
Seward would think of their work, if they could
revisit this troubled republic.
White women did not live within the fright
ful shadow of the Black Peril in slavery days.
White husbands, brothers, and lovers did not
arm their nearest and dearest with revolvers,
and tell them to shoot. White women were not
afraid of the country road, nor the path through
the woods. How is it now? God help us! We
dare not let our women stray out of our sight.
The roads are not safe, the bridle-path is not
to be thought of; in the back street of the
towns and cities lurk dangers worse than death ;
the open squares and the parks have heard the
unavailing shrieks of the victims of the rapist;
and even in such centres of civilization as Pitts
burg THE WHITE GIRLS DARE NOT GO
TO SCHOOL WITHOUT POLICE WHIS
TLES AND PISTOLS!
Where Is the Tool-Killer ?
' We clip the following from the N. Y. World:
“TREASON” TO SING “DIXIE” ON LIN
COLN’S BIRTHDAY.
Chicago Schools Directed to Take Popular
Melody Off the Programme for Feb. 12.
(Special to The World.)
Chicago, Feb. 4. —President Schneider, of the
School Board, has sent out a notice to all teach
ers prohibiting the singing of “Dixie” at the
Lincoln centennial celebration in the public
schools. Many of the teachers had the old
melody on their programmes.
It was pointed out to President Schneider
that “Dixie” was composed in the North by
Dan Emmet and contained no words reflecting
on any one.
Mr. Schneider said it would be treason to sing
it. He suggested the singing of “Marching
Through Georgia,” “Rally ’Round the Flag,
Boys,” and “Red, White and Blue.”
Bully for Schneider! He probably came
over with Carl Schurz, and ever after re
mained a hide-bound South-hater, just as Carl
did.
Abraham Lincoln would have been the first
man to point the finger of scorn at such fools
as Schneider. “DIXIE” WAS LINCOLN’S
FAVORITE. On the night after Appomattox
he called on the bands to play “Dixie.” He
said, “I always did love it, and now it’s ours.”
But Schneider must be obeyed. Lincoln’s
preference goes for nothing. It often happens
that the living use the name of the mighty
dead to vent their own spleen and to gratify
the meanness of their own small souls.
* H M
Glorious Nelvs From the fleet.
Our bosoms and breasts are still puffed out
with pride over the around-the-globe voyage of
our big battle-ships. When Admiral Bob Evans
accomplished the astounding feat of crossing
from the Atlantic into the Pacific, without
the loss of a single man or tub, we could hardly
contain our joy. As a matter of course, we
pointed with pride. Then when the Squadron
warped its weary way up the Western coast,
wining and dining at every stop, we kept on
pointing with pride. Never had we seen one
body of men do so much sailing and speech
making and wining and dining and dancing
and parading. We fell into ecstasies of pa
triotic exultation. That human legs and human
stomachs were capable of such sustained labor
as this, had never entered our wildest dreams.
We could not comprehend how it was that
everybody kept sober when nobody could re
fuse to drink. It was a mystery. So much
so, indeed, that we began to view it with alarm.
When Admiral Bob Evans threw up the
sponge, we knew what it meant. Fighting
Bob felt that if he hung on to the fleet, and did
his patriotic part in all the shore-leave enter
tainments which awaited him in the Orient, he
would be a goner. Particularly, as the home
coming trip would compel him to eat, drink and
dance in Morocco, Spain, France, England and
perhaps Italy itself. To save himself from
being capsized, Fighting Bob showed the white
feather and deserted the carousing voyagers.
Admiral Evans was wise in bis generation.
Well had it been for Captain Qualtrough, of
the battle-tub Georgia, had he quit with honor
when Evans did. But the Captain, mistaking his
capacity to carry wine, went into the fire once
too often. While carousing on shore with his
brother officers, at Tangier, he either reeled or
nodded or failed to give the distinct articula
tion of the words “truly rural.”
At all events, his comrades who were drink
ing with him reached the conclusion that he
was drunk. For an officer of the navy to be
drunk in public, is a national reproach. Let
him take two glasses of wine,—and he may do
so amid acclamations of an admiring universe.
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE