COTTON EXCHANGE IN NEW YORK IS
“A GAMBLING INSTITUTION.”
(Continued from Page One.)
willing to stand up before a squad of soldiers
to be shot at simply because only a portion
of the guns were loaded. Such cotton would
unquestionably exert an influence upon the
buyer out of all proportion to its actual
amount relative to the total stock, because he
must take whatever the seller chooses to ten
der him. When the new management of the
New York Cotton Exchange came into office,
in June, 1907, this practice of accepting cot
ton under the ruling of the board of appeals
was promptly stopped.
“It has been charged that deliveries, partic
ularly in New York, have been deliberately
composed of an unnecessarily large number of
grades, for the express purpose of forcing the
holder of the contract to sell it out rather than
take up the cotton, and that in such cases the
seller of the contract has been able to buy it
back at a decline. While such 4 clubbing the
market’ may occur at times, the deliberate mix
ing of grades for manipulative purposes does
not appear to have been a general practice.
“Complaints that New Orleans classifica
tions have been unduly severe are not equally
w 7 ell sustained. It is not unlikely, however,
that at times the arbitrations in New 7 Orleans
have been too rigid.”
Breeders of High Class Poultry
Can Do No Better Than to
Read Every Month
Thelndustrious Hen
the Leading POULTRY JOURNAL
of the South.
It is edited to suit Southern condi
tions. The regular subscription price
is 50 cents, but in order that our
readers may have the benefit of the
best arrangements possible we will
send The\Jeffersonian and The In
dustrious Hen both one year for
sl.lO. Do not delay, but send your
order in today to
THE INDUSTRIOUS HEN CO.,
Knoxville, Tenn.
Bnnx s cr edit
ISw YOUR OWN TERMS. BW I
TELL US YOUR WANTS. ■ I
Established 1860 THE FRAHKLIH-TURHER CO., Atlanta, 6a, ™
TERMS: Name your own TERMS Old Folk.’Bible. Book, lor Girl.
For year, we have tried to develop a plan whereby the S. S. Teacher.’ Bible. Books for Boys
Masses could be enabled to get any books they want Family Bibles Novels, High Grade
and need for Self-Education or pleasure with- Red Letter Bibles Young People’s Library
out being forced to pay cash. S. S. Bibles , Business Guide
NOW, if you are worthy, though poor, out this ad Pocket Bibles andTe.t t. Cook Book
out, mark X by the book or books you are interested Child s Life of Christ Stock Book
in. mail to US at once and we will send you illus Child’s Story of the Bible Doctor Book
trated circulars and prices of the books marked. Bible Stories Dictionaries
After you get our literature and decide S'Hj Dl ° t, ° nan “• Kings of Platf’m&Pulpit
to order then tell US how and when you can payrS™'• « n Star Speaker
for the books you want. If you are reasonable in Ch,ldren * H, ’ tor ” s Wlld Beasts. B.rds, etc.
YOUR TERMS, we will gladly ship your order.
And if books are not as represented, you oan return Nama - —■' ■ ■ —————— ———...
them at our expense. City or Town State
Be sure and mention this paper. J.W, 108 Street and No., P. O. Boa, or R. F. D. - -
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
An Easy Way to Save Money
All men ought to save money.
Some men do save money.
Many men will save money, if shown an
easy way.
THE WAY.
Do a little work for The Jeffersonianss. We
will give our full agent’s commission to every
person—man, woman, or child —who will take
subscriptions for The Jeffersonians and mail
us the correct amount, and we will send them
a receipt which will be a voucher for the com
mission. When the commissions mount up to
$lO, send us the receipts and we will give you
a ten-year bond, fully guaranteed, drawing
seven per cent interest.
HOW EASY.
By a little work at odd times you can build
up a nice fund for a rainy day, a nest egg for
the baby, or insurance against sickness. It is
easy work. For instance, one of our agents
went out into a crowd the other day and took
five subscriptions to the Magazine and eight
subscriptions to the Weekly. Two hours’ work
netted him nearly enough money to buy one of
these $lO ten-year bonds.
BOYS AND GIRLS.
Teach your boys and girls how to save
money. In the course of the summer vacation
an active boy or girl can earn from $25 to
SSO at this work. Think how proud they will
be when they have a little bank account of
their own! They will be bond-holders —these
little folks —clipping- their coupons every year,
like sure-enough millionaires.
The bonds are fully guaranteed.
They draw 7 seven per cent interest.
Tney are the best kind of insurance.
ADDRESS
THOS. E. WATSON, Thomson, Ga.
Get your eye on the Athens Busi
ness College, Athens, Ga. Largest
school of Bookkeeping, Business
Training, Shorthand, and Typewriting
i n the State. Positions secured. Fill
Win and mail for 168 page catalog.
Name,
Address
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Me*
ico. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity for
the indistrious. The home builders' guide. Senrf
stamp for sample eepy
raRM ANO Ta*
FOUND!
One of the best Commission Houses for you to
ship your Fruits, Potatoes, Cabbages, Peas and
everything In this line to. Write them today.
They are
Hewitt & Company
10 E. Camden Street, : : : BALTIMORE, MD.
Heart
Troubles
The heart may be weak
just the same as the eyes,
stomach or other organs.
It often happens that a
person is born with a weak
heart. Then again dis
ease, fevers, over-exertion,
anxiety, nervousness,
rheumatism, etc. weaken
the heart. The result is
shortness of breath, pal
pitation, pain in the heart,
or in some of the nerves
of the chest or abdomen.
The heart should be
strengthened with a tonic,
and for this nothing equals
Dr. Miles’ Heart Cure.
“I had LaGrippe last fall as I
thought in a mild form. I was weak,
tired feeling, and short of breath:
could hardly go about, and a good
deal of the time sort of an asthmatic
breathing and extremely nervous. I
began taking Dr. Miles’ Heart Cure
and Nervine and now I feel so much
better in every way. lam so thank
ful that I began taking this medicine,
and shall not hesitate to tell others
how much good it has done me.”
MRS. F. J. NORTON,
Freeville, New York.
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Heart
Cure, and we authorize him to retur®
. price of first bottle (only) If It fails
to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLLEY’S
|4 t - AAI SANITARIUM
For treatment of Nervous
faglgg Hfl Diseases, Opium, Alcoholic
and other dru £ addictions.
For Particulars, address
Dr. B. M. Woolley Co.
’ ATLANTA. GA.
Laurel Mills Manufacturing Co.
Roswell, Cobb County, Georgia
WE EXCHANGE
CLOTH FOR WOOL
Send for samples and prices.
AGENTS WANTED on liberal terms.
Tlie Cotton Grader
How to Classify Cotton—Whole subject In a nut
shell—First and only Complete Instruction ever pub
lished—Farmers, Merchants, Buyars, Sellers, learn to
GRADE COTTON—Postpaid, One Dollar, Order to
day.
The Cotton Grader Pub. Co., Atlanta, Ga.
PAGE THIRTEEN