PAGE EIGHTTEEN
DUEIIIIATICM Permanently cored. Why softer?
nriLLlmfillijlVl others hilve found ou r method
lilLUmnilum effecl(ve So wttl yoo! Trial
TREATMENT FREE. Crowley Medical Co., 15 LaSalle St., Chicago
FISH
Drop us a card, and we will put
you on to something, with which you
can turn your neighbors green with
envy, by catching dead loads of fish,
where they have become disgusted
trying to catch them in the old
fashioned way. It is inexpensive,
and will only cost you a postal card
to find out what we say is true. Now
is the season for all varieties of cat
fish and suckers, and with our meth
and some to sell or give away.
EUREKA FISH NET CO.,
Griffin, Ga. Box 1 Dallas, Texas
"I AA Sample Copies different leading
Ily’j Newspapers and Magazines sent to any
address upon receipt of 20 cts. (silver
or stamps.) List containing name sent all. Sat
isfaction guaranteed. Address
Mohler's Subscription Agency,
1205 South Warman Ave.,
INDIANAPOLIS, IND.
IST
W- l
C
E
Dr. J. 11. Bruce, of 138% Edgewood
Ave., Atlanta, Ga., has made a discav
ery for the cure of Cancer and Dropsy
that has revolutionized this branch of
Medical Science. Eminent physicians
have been baffled by this question for
ages. Dr. Bruce’s remedies have been
tested by the best physicians of the
land, and in every instance have per
fected a cure. He has made over 700
cures of cancer and over 500 cures of
Dropsy. Dr. Bruce refers to any one in
Atlanta as to his reliability.
The Dropsy medicine sells for $5.00
per box, or six boxes for $25.00. If
there is no complication of diseases, six
boxes will effect a cure in a short
time. Some cases have been cured in
ten days.
The Cancer medicine sells for $5.00
per bottle, or one week’s treatment for
SIO.OO. One month’s treatment for $25.00.
ROSES
FIELD GROWN ROSES
Marechai Niel and some others, 25 cents each.
Address
WNf. K. Al ELS O Al, Augusta, Ga.
It buys a Strictly gs
H W [FREIGHT
SE W ING S B
«JaT-a L CisJP i* oY0 ’ j '- Q
MACHIN E jSmS
GUARANTEED IQ YEARS
And has all the up-to-date improvements that
every ladv appreciates. It is splendidly built of
thoroughly dependable material and handsomely
finished. Has elegant Oak Drop Leaf 5-DrawtT Cab
inet, complete S< t of Attachments, full instruc
tions hov/to use them, and the outfit will be sent
you “Freight Free” on
90 PAYS FREE TRIAL
»We sell DIRECT at ONE
PROFIT, saving you the
Jobber’s, Retailer’s and
Agent’s profits and sell
ing expenses, & exa« tly
the same machine they
will ask you £::().(>() for.
Send at ONCE for OUR
BIG NEW FREE
SEWING MACHINE
NM W CATALOGUE
I Most complete and in-
/m Struct Ive book of its
I character ever publish
)\ U I Cd in the South. It piet-
'■ MHMMrv uresand describes every
part and | ai" icular of
the greatest lino ofpositivi ly IDuli-G: side Sewing
£53 Machines ever offered. We arc the largi st Sewing
Machino distributors in the South, ansi, at prices
B asked for 7/v our Machines are un-
rnatchable. This catalogue dercrib’s and prices
high-grade Pianos. Organs. Steel Ranges. Cooking
Stoves, Heating Stoves, l imnographs, Dinner and
Toilet Sets. Prompt shipments, safe delivery and
satisfaction guaranteed, or your money back.
MALSBY, SHIPP & CO.,
DepL F, 41 S. Forsyth Street, ATLANTA, GEORGIA
Hon. A. W. Evans’ Announcement for Congress
Sandersville, Ga., Jan. 4th, 1910.
To the White Voters of the Tenth
Congressional District:
Many partial friends and substan
tial citizens of the Tenth Congres
sional District, who are interested in
the development of Georgia, and par
ticularly this part of the State, and
who are familiar with my views on
public questions, have advised with
me concerning the propriety of my
becoming a candidate to represent
the 10th district in the next Congress
of the United States. Upon careful
consideration, I have decided to sub
mit my candidacy to the white voters
of the District in the next Democratic
primary. In connection therewith I
herewith submit my views and con
victions upon some matters which I
deem vitally important to the wel
fare of our people:
The Tariff and the Trusts.
I believe in the old Democratic doc
trine that import duties should only
be levied for the support of the Gov
ernment, and levied in such away
that the necessities of life should
never be taxed and that no industry
or trade should be favored. I believe
that the tariff is the mother of the
trusts and it should be revised so as
to render impossible the formation
of trusts.
I favor an immediate and thorough
revision of the tariff, by which the
products of the trusts may be de
nied the unjust and outrageous dis
crimination now so liberally offered
them, so that this section of the coun
try so abundantly blessed by the Al
mighty, but so persistently oppressed
by Congress, may blossom and de
velop as she should and would but for
this unrighteous discrimination.
Postal Facilities.
I believe that the extension of the
postal facilities and activities is cal
culated to redound to the interests
of the people of our State. Georgia
is essentially an agricultural State
and her prosperity is largely depend
ent upon the success of the farmers
and laborers, her greatest contribu
tors to State and national wealth. If
the farm is made attractive and ca
pable of producing wealth, the tide
of emigration to the city will be
largely checked. One of the greatest
instrumentalities looking to the bet
terment of our people as a whole was
the establishment of the Rural Free
Delivery system, and it is a subject
of congratulation that to this Con
gressional district (while represented
by Hon. Thos. E. Watson), belongs
the honor of having inaugurated the
system. I believe in the most liberal
extension of the R. F. D. system un
til practically every farmer may have
the advantage of a daily mail service
and can keep in touch with the ac
tivities of the outside world, keeping
step to the moral and social advance
ment of the times and keeping posted
on the market value of those com
modities he raises and needs.
Ship Subsidies.
I am opposed to the proposition
that the public funds should be voted
to the shipbuilder or owner for the
equipment or furtherance of his pri
vate business. I condemn as unpa
triotic and indefensible any proposi
tion, no matter what guise it assumes,
which is at last based on the use of
public money for the aid of private
corporations in the operation of their
own business. No man familiar with
the situation or the spirit of Ameri
can patriotism can doubt but that in
case of sudden war this country can
obtain all‘the ships needed without
serious difficulty.
Immigration.
I believe that the exigencies of the
present situation demand the enact
ment of stricter immigration laws,
whereby that great mass of unde
sirable foreigners, inimical to the
spirit of our institutions, may be ex
cluded.
Gambling in Agricultural Products.
The producer should not be hurt
by the market manipulations of
Obe
speculators who gamble on the rise
and fall of agricultural commodities.
I, therefore, favor legislation deaying
the use of the mails to the operators
of bucket shops and other similar con
cerns dealing in futures.
Economical Expenditures and In
creased Salaries.
I believe in the economical ex
penditure of public funds and oppose
any unnecessary increase in salaries.
I condemn the recent increase in the
salaries of Congressmen from $5,000
to $7,500 per annum, which our
present representative in Congress
from the 10th voted for, as unneces
sary and improper. This increase
Alone imposes an additional burden on
the people, already too heavily bur
dened, of more than a million dol
lars every year. It is an occasion of
regret that our representative should
be one of the few Democratic repre
sentatives from the South who fa
vored this large increase and voted
with the Republicans, and that, too,
without submitting the matter to his
constituents.
I believe that a representative in
Congress should remain at his post
of duty while Congress is in session
and not desert it to come home and
seek to instruct the people how to
vote, as was done by the present
representative from the tenth.
“Frequent Rotation in Office.”
In announcing his candidacy
against Mr. Fleming, the present in
cumbent used the following lan
guage:
“My opponent for your nomina
tion, the present Congressman for
this district, can make no appeal to
you for an endorsement of his pub-
BROADWELL’S DOUBLE-JOINTED COTTON—The Prize Winner
The highest tribute ever paid to any
— ■ variety of cotton was Broadwell’s Dou
ble-Jointed Variety. It has taken first
OOM and second prizes for the largest yield
of cotton at the Georgia State Fair for
111111111 l the past five years; has also taken both
first and second prizes for the best ten
HBHH stalks of cotton for the past five years.
What better recommendation would
> you want? I have sold my cottonseed
OQkU to men in thirteen States in the last
V» rtve y ears « an( l ninety-nine out of one
I hundred that has planted Broadwell’s
■I Double-Jointed Cotton will tell you
- ? wwl that it will make more to the acre
than any other cotton they ever plant-
J ' Wfe «d. Now, if you want to make more
money to the acre than you ever made
with cotton, plant Broadwell’s Double
" a JjEEgf Jointed Cottonseed this year. You can
T get them for 75 cents a peck or $2.50
per bushel. The only way you can get
the genuine seed, is to order from
John B. Broadwell, Alpharetta, Ga., or
Mark W. Johnson Seed Co., Atlanta,
Ga. For full particulars address
JOHN B. BROADWELL,
Alpharetta, Ga., 11. F. D. No. 3.
Read my prices on Cabbage Plants. If you do not need plants now, you
will need them later on.
All of my Plants are grown in the open field, and I guarantee them to
be frost-proof. All varieties—Charleston Wakefield, Successions, Augusta
Trucker, Early Jersey Wakefield, Early and Late Flat Dutch.
Satisfaction and count guaranteed.
IN LOTS OF 1,000 TO 5,000, AT $1.25 PER THOUSAND
IN LOTS OF 0,000 TO 10,000, AT SI.OO PER THOUSAND
Write for Prices on Larger Lots.
Cash, P. O. Money Order, or Express Money Order must eome with all
orders. Will not ship Plants C. O. D. unless half of the amount of order is
sent in. Frost and cold can not hurt my Plants.
I grow, I sell, I guarantee Frost-Proof Cabbage Plants.
H. LEON LARISEY,
Grower of Plants.
Telegraph and Express Office: MEGGBTTS, S. C.
Box J.
I WOULD LIKE TO HEAR
a From every person suffering from PILES, FISTULA,
or RECTAL trouble. I will cure every case I under
take, if given a fair trial, or forfeit FIVE HUNDRED
DOLLARS. I am financially responsible; also I be
lieve lam honest. I have had 32 years experience in
treating these diseases. MY ADVICE IS FREE.
Write today, while you think of it.
DR. W. J. TUCKER, - - 411 Whitehall Street, Atlanta, Georgia
lic career or his official conduct—
twice in succession, since his first
election, has that endorsement been
given him, with no voice raised in
opposition, nor is the contention
sound that because he has served as
your Congressman for six years,
without complaint being made
against him, he is therefore enti
tled to hold the office, for if that
contention be sound the first good
man elected to the office will hold
for life, instead of two years, as
prescribed by the Constitution and
laws, and with each successive elec
tion his title to the office w r ill ripen
and strengthen into prescriptive right,
which it will become'a sacrilege to
challenge: on the contrary, ‘it is
indispensable for the practical appli
cation and enforcement of the great
fundamental principles of popular
government that there should be a
frequent’rotation in office,’ of both
political parties and of individuals,
for in this way the best interests of
the people are most surely safe
guarded and protected.”
Now that Mr. Hardwick has served
EIGHT years he should, jn recogni
tion of the same principle, now re
tire.
Having Jjeen bred and born in this
historic district and spent my whole
life in it I believe I possess an ac
curate knowledge of its needs, and
am in sympathy with its people, their
aspirations and purposes, and, if
elected, I pledge my best efforts to
wards accomplishing those things
which will tend to the upbuilding of
every material interest.
Respectfully,
A. W. EVANS.