man, who refused to even notify me of my nomi
nation; pursued by storms of villification, wherev
er I went; repulsed by the Bryan managers in
Georgia, who denied me any recognition whatever
on the Bryan electoral ticket, I came home and
took my bed, in utter exhaustion and despair. So
infuriated were my local friends at Bryan’s treat
ment of me, that McDuffie county went for Mc-
Kinley!
OF COURSE, every one of the 27 electors who
voted for me, voted for Bryan, too.
* * * *
When Bryan and I were on our way to his
home, in 1904, I said: “Bryan, there is one thing
that I would like to ask you.’’ “All right; what
is it?” he said.
“Why was it that you would not join me, in
1896, in the effort to line-up the Mid-Road Pops,
and thus elect you?”
“The Southern Democrats wouldn’t let me—”
was his prompt, unqualified answer.
He added:
“They told me that it was more important to
them to control the local situation than to win
the Presidency.”
Is it not amazing that Bill Howard should in
dict me for the defeat of Bryan? Is it not almost
incredible that he throw himself against the
barbed wire fence of unassailable facts, as he has
done?
Bill, bye-gone associations have a wonderful in
fluence on me; and we were friends in the old
days on the Northern circuit, and before you had
soiled your manhood with close affiliation with
Jim Smith, the Convict King. When your first
letter came, a glance showed that the task of an
swering would be disagreeable. I let one issue of
my paper go by, postponing the unpleasant task,
as it is human nature to do. But when the next
week’s paper was being made up, I felt that your
letter must have a reply; and I then fished it out
of the pile on the table, and read it, carefully.
When the line was reached, in which you branded
my statements as “mean, malicious lies”, I turned
to my Secretary and dictated the reply.
In the meantime, you had got the impression
that my failure to promptly publish your letter
was due to fear. You commented on the matter
in Washington; and said you intended to send a
copy of your fear-inspiring epistle to the Atlanta
Journal.
My reply to you was already in our Atlanta
office; and when I heard of your Washington
blustering, a copy was furnished the Constitution.
Thus your mistake, as to your former friend,
caused the daily and tri-weekly Constitution, as
well as the weekly Jeffersonian to carry through
out the country simultaneously an article which
could not have done you any good.
It seems to be a law of fate that one false step
leads to another: you will find that your second
letter is as much of a mistake as your first.
(1) Your acrimonious arraignment of me, for
having been a Populist, will turn against you
every old Pop who has been keeping you in clover.
They may not be as intellectual and accomplished
as you, Bill, but their hard common sense will
tell them that so much bad-tempered vitupera
tion of me, was not legitimately a part of your
defense of your public record. Their mother wit
will teach them that you do not —by proving me
to be a murderer, a thief, a traitor, a scoundrel
generally— establish your right to another term
in Congress.
If your political crime, last spring, aided the
Republicans to put this infamous tariff law on us,
you are gone, Bill—no matter how black you may
paint Watson’s record. The* record of Watson is
not the issue which your District is empanelled
to try. It is your record, Bill, tfot upon what
Watson has done or may do depends your fate,
Mr. Mudslinger. Every tub must rest on its own
bottom in these Congressional races; and none of
these newspaper clipping Members can expect to
win another term by so easy a trick as the con
certed abuse of Watson.
(2) You inquire the' reason why I did not
speak sooner of how Rucker kept himself in office
by using your father-in-law as a screen. Didn’t
know the facts, Bill—or you’d have heard my
war-whoop long ago.
I had thought it rather strange that none of our
Congressmen made a fight on Rucker, similar to
those which Tillman made on Dr. Crum. But it
was not until a few days previous to the writing
of the little editorial which aroused your ire, that
a negro man, of Atlanta, wrote me, and told me
your secret.
The moment I learned how that cunning coon,
Rucker, had used yoqr father-in-law, all these
She ‘Jeffersonian
years, to keep himself at the head of the Revenue
Service in Georgia, I determined to attack you,
Bill.
And, after reading your scathing denunciation
of me, the people will understand why our Sena
tors and Representatives made no fight on that
cunning coon.
They knew what was in Bill Howard, just as 1
did, and they did uot want to enrage that rattle
snake.
Bill, you did not tell the truth about Rucker.
He holds his office at the pleasure of the Presi
dent, and could have been removed any time dur
ing the last thirteen years. Why didn’t you have
a white placed, Bill? The question is a fair one —
answer it.
(3) You virtually announce that the whole
Georgia delegation has combined to make war
upon the red-headed Insurgent. All right: let
’em come. It will not be any very glorious feat
to hold the fort against the entire collection.
So, by all means, “On with the dance.” It is
about time that it was breaking loose in Georgia,
again, anyway.
(4) Where do I get my campaign funds?
Out of the McDuffie Bank, where I keep and re
tain and occasionally replenish a nice little bank
account.
Where do you get yours, Bill?
Ever fingered any of Jim Smith’s coin? Ex
pect to get the benefit of some of it, this year?
You'll need it, Bill, and you can have as much
of it as you demand.
Why do 1 say that?
In the first place, there is a persistent rumor
that there is a political partnership composed of
Jim Smith, Hampy McWhorter, and your virtuous
self. Consequently, and on general principles and
according to law and immemorial custom your
worthy partner will “come across”.
In the second place, you made some noble
speeches for him when he ran for Governor in
eight counties— two of which he carried by great
ly increasing per capita circulation therein.
Thirdly, your powerful pull with the Republi
can administration shielded liim in the peonage
business. I used to hear that you and Hampy,
when you were Solicitor and Hampy was Judge,
used to run the court, up there, in the interest of
Jim Smith’s convict farm. That may have been
the time when Jim and Hampy were earning hon
est pennies by shipping “Tea Culture” tomes, back
and forth, on that little Jim Smith railroad. But
although I often heard the rumor, I paid no par
ticular attention to it —shining names being so
frequently the targets of mere envy.
But, lately, there has been something more
definite, as I learn for the first time, from a com
munication made to me March 9, 1910.
Is it a fact, Bill, that you struck down an old
ex-Confederate soldier, at the behest of Jim
Smith? Is it true that Judge E. C. Kinnebrew,
of Athens, had issued two or three warrants
against Jim Smith, for peonage, and that you
caused him to be virtually removed from his office
as United States Commissioner?
That brave old soldier had held his position
several years, hadn’t he, Bill?
To humiliate the heroic veteran You and Hampy
and Jim Smith made use of the Federal Judge,
W. T. Newman, didn’t you, Bill?
Since the new appointee went into office, there
have been no more warrants out against Jim
Smith —eh, Bill?
The new man is an absolute tool of Jim Smith,
and was appointed for that reason, —is it not so,
Bill?
Ah, you pussy-footed worker behind the scenes!
No wonder your colleagues were afraid to offend
you, by attacking the negro who kept your fath
er-in-law in the clover field!
You imported your brother-in-law from Atlan
ta, into your District, and gave him the position
of Secretary to yourself, didn’t you, Bill? How
much has he cost the country? Why didn’t you
give that good job to some ambitious young man,
of your own District? The other Congressmen
do it. Why go out of your District to fill a place
that belongs to your District?
Suppose one of our Senators should import an
Alabama youth to be his Secretary, wouldn’t
Georgia set up a howl? Certainly. But youi*
spurning of your own District and going to an
other for a Secretary is just as much of an affront
to your constituents.
(5) You ask why I accepted the nomination of
the Populists, in 1908, which nomination, as you
do not seem to know, was made at a regular na
tional convention held in St. Louis.
It affords me the utmost satisfaction to tell
you, Bill. But I must ask you to go with me, for
a short stroll into the past.
When the Farmers’ Alliance was sweeping the
country, and Lon Livingston was making Patri
otic Fuss all over the country, you regulation
Democrats leaned up against Old Man Peepul like
a sick kitten to a warm brick. With the excep
tion of the Sub-Treasury, you vowed and declared
that Old Man Peepul could get everything he
wanted inside the Democratic party. Since when
have you read the Democratic platforms of those
days, Bill?
They were almost as much like the Populist
platforms as buzzards are to turkey-buzzards, or
doves are to turtle-doves, or quadrupeds, to four
footed animals.
And that national Democratic platform of
1896, which you speak so flatteringly of, was
made for the especial purpose of catcliing Popu
list votes. To show how much sincerity there
was in it, the men who made it, nominated on it
a man from Maine (Sewall) who was dead against
everything in it, excepting the Silver plank.
And poor, distraught, self-entangled Bill How
ard represents me as fiercely opposing that Popu
list platform, when I was one of the two Vice-
Presidential candidates who ran with the Peerless
on it.
Lest you should think that Bill’s astounding
error is nothing more than a forgetfulness of
dates, I call your attention especially to his argu
ment on the 27 electoral votes which he says I
got.
I never have received a single electoral vote as
candidate for the Presidency. Those 27 electoral
votes were given for me as candidate for Vice-
President, on the Bryan ticket of 1896, Sewall
got all the others.
Those 27 electoral votes were for Bryan for
President.
(There were no McKinley and Watson electors
in the field.)
It was Bryan and Sewall, Bryan and Watson
and McKinley and Hobart, Bill.
But coming back to the main line of thought—
after the Populist movement had been engulfed
by the Fusion deal of 1896 (and I had opposed
it, because I foresaw the result) the Democratie
leaders were out of danger, and they began to as
suage their zeal for Populist principles.
They gradually became their old selves again.
So much so, indeed, that in 1904, they bought
the nomination of Parker, and got their important
platform plank by telegraph, and from New
York. It was the Gold Standard plank, of course.
And Bryan lost a second chance at the White
House, by not walking out of the convention and
making a direct appeal to the people.
I made a general canvass of the country as
Presidential candidate —why? Because, I thought
somebody ought to represent the people. Parker
and Roosevelt were both Wall Street candidates,
as Bryan himself had said. My hope was to get
the Free Silver vote, which was 6,000,000 strong.
Could I have done this, there was a chance to
win. Populists and Free Silverites constituted a
majority. There was no reason whatever why I
might not have received more votes than either
Parker or Roosevelt— who were dividing the Gold
Standard vote.
What prevented my getting the Free Silver
vote, and beating Roosevelt? The conduct of Mr.
Bryan. As he could not get the Free Silver votes
himself, he was determined that I shouldn’t.
He got on Belmont’s “Special”, toured the coun
try in barn-storming style, and lined up his fol
lowing for the candidate whom he had denounced.
This destroyed my chances; and thousands of
Democrats went to Roosevelt, rather than sup
port Parker, or throw their votes away on me.
That’s the solemn, indubitable truth. It was
Bryan’s short-sighted policy that elected the Re
publican ticket. It is Bryan’s lack of political sa
gacity and statesmanly breadth of view that has
kept the West and the South divided. It is
Bryan’s instability and opportunism that has
wrecked the Democratic party.
Now we come to 1908.
At the time I decided to make an active can
vass, confined chiefly to Georgia, there were two
controlling reasons:
(1) It had become evident to my mind that,
with slender resources and lack of organization,
the more I concentrated, the better.
(2) Bryan’s social equality record (which I
had recently learned) and the way in which the
South had been treated at the Denver Conven
tion —where the Georgia delegation had been out-
continued on Page Fourteen)
PAGE ELEVEN