of house and home. This trespass upon their
■embarrassed and impoverished hospitality
may have so preyed upon the Oriental mind
that it brooded revenge until it could no
longer be satisfied with less than the extrac
tion of his colossal gall: so they chased him
out of Lhasa and far beyond.
When the queer lunge of the Chinese troops
is explained, however, it will probably be
found that there is considerable significance
in the fact that the ruler of Thibet took
refuge on soil controlled by the British.
Should a final struggle for supremacy in
Asia ever come between Russia and England.
Thibet will be a stragetic point both will try
to command.
The Grand Jury has returned an indict
ment against L. C. Dulaney, of Mississippi,
How Was
Vardaman
Defeated ?
tor Bilbo states that he accept
ed $645 out of a promised SI,OOO for the pur
pose of proving that the rumors that slush
money was being used to defeat Vardaman
were true.
It is becoming evident that the methods of
the Percy partisans were of the crude, fa
miliar sort, which buys a seat in the Senate as
they are bought and sold in the Stock Ex-
i ROMAN CATHOLICISM AND METHODISM
I—\•■- . ' I
VifatSOll S How could Mr. Fairbanks’ visit to a Methodist church be construed as
; Magazine a 4 demonstration of disrespect’ for the Catholic religion?” 44 The whole thing
j APRIL7I9IO * s a P a P a l fiction . . . bred in the same hatchery of lies that gave us those
===== Sacred Steps, those cart loads of the True Cross, . . . and that miraculously
SI.OO a Year imported house of Joseph and Mary at Lorito.”
- " - -
1F THE REAL TREND OF SOCIALISM
44 Yet they (the Socialists) frame up a theory of value which absolutely dis
regards so potent a factor as the mental element in production.” 44 When
Socialists ignore such essentials, how can their theorizing be sound?”
■ I
-""" * . ■L' 1 ..'... 1 *. 11 ' . - 1 — 1 i........ ~„,n , i!
i OTHER GOOD FEATURES:
I A—
■■■,■! ■ ~ ■ l.l .■■■■■■■■■ „ , ~ .. .... . .. . .. . ... - - ■
M Survey of the World, by Tom Dolan ; The Early Days of Mercer College, |
by Dr. R. J. Massey; Interesting War Reminiscences, by Col. N. G. Saussy; j
| Poems; Fiction; Educational Department.
“TO THE VICTOR BELONG THE SPOILS”
——— i—i—i —■■■■■ .■ ... ■ ..
Have You Read Watson’s POLITICAL HAND-BOOK?
Voung People! Understand Political Economy: know what has Whatever be your present views, be sure you can give some good,
transpired in America in the past, without wading through reams of sound reason for entertaining them, for in this age the person who
history. Understand the logic of present political events, the inevita- flabbily follows in his ancestors’ track without knowing why is a sorry
ble drift of the times. articled
PRICE, SI.OO Thomson, Ga.
IVIr. Watson’s Special Chapter on Socialism, in Pamphlet Form, IO Cents
for tendering a bribe to State
Senator Theadore Bilbo to
help elect Leroy Percy to the
United States Senate. Sena-
Jeffersonian
change, an unanswerable argument for mak
ing the elections popular instead of by the
Senate.
Judge Speer, in his charge to the Grand
Jury at Augusta, Georgia, the other day, was
wholly in reference to the
How to crime of peonage. Among oth-
Stop er things, he said:
1 EONAGE . ‘"r o no o ther people in any
State should this crime be more
abhorrent than to the people of our own State.
It was founded by the noble Oglethorpe as a home
for helpless debtors. The ancestors of some of
the proudest families whose names have illus
trated Georgia and who came over with the noble
and benevolent patriot and philanthropist, were
doubtless quite as unable to pay their debts as
the poorest and most helpless negro in the land.
“Surely an appeal made to the God-fearing and
law-abiding people of Georgia, whose proud mot
to is ‘Wisdom, Justice and Moderation,’ will not
be heard in vain.”
Threshed out, most of the so-called crimes
of peonage amount to little. The question
of labor in the South is very difficult, and to
keep the negroes from leaving work at a time
that would ruin the crop is a problem that
confronts every planter.
As pointed out before, there is a solution
to this that is rational and would be helpful
to both races. Give the white men and boys
the jobs now given to the negroes in the
cities, d raying, delivering goods, etc., etc. It
would be a God-send tcFthe poor boys of the
South if these jobs were removed from the
stigma of being “negroes’ work” and uni
versally given to white men. Bring the com
petition of necessity to bear upon the situa
tion and the lazy negro would do some hus
tling upon the farms. Prevent the negro
woman from feeding a horde of black idlers
from the kitchen of her employer. Invite
from the North the splendid agricultural
classes who make of farming a skilled trade.
Solve the labor problem rationally, in its in
dustrial aspect, and all the rest of it will be
materially helped. And the cases of real or
fancied peonage will fade into nothingness.
t Read What THOS. E. WATSON *
♦ Says About X
: FOREIGN MISSIONS :
t „ .. t
+ Second Edition of “ Foreign Missions +
X Exposed ” now on the Press. More X
> than 150 Pages. Richly Illustrated. X
X TWENTY-FIVE CENTS PER COPY X
PAGE SEVEN