Marathon, Bannockburn, King’s Mountain and
Yorktown, the glorious old truth is still the
truth, ‘To die for one’s country is sweet!’ ”
Believing, as we Populists do, the inner law
of our natures, which we dare not disobey,
must control; and the law says: “Forward,
March!”
It is not ours to consider the number of
volunteers who may rally to our standard.
It is not ours to measure chances and to weigh
probable results. It is sufficient for us to know
what is our duty.
Where conviction says we should go, we will
go. What conscience says we must do, will be
done. Having obeyed the law of our being
in this behalf, we leave the rest to that God
in whose divine economy no true word or work
was ever lost.
In ancient times, they had no easy way of
“striking a light” and making a fire. Yet it
happened, time ,and again, that there was no
light to be had. The fires had been neglected,
everywhere, and the whole nation found itself
in darkness. To rekindle the spark was a
most tedious and difficult matter; therefore,
the ancients, to prevent a recurrence of the
calamity, set apart certain individuals whose
Mr. Watson’s speech of acceptance will also be published in full in
the August number of The Jeffersonian Magazine for the benefit of
such subscribers as do not take The Weekly Jeffersonian.
“The tumult and the shouting dies;
The Captains and the kings depart;
Still lives Thine ancient sacrifice.”
Thrilling through the great Convention last
week must have been the spirit of Kipling’s
wonderful, heart-searching song; for, beneath
the outbursts of enthusiasm —beyond all words
of love and loyalty which sprang to lips pale
with a splendid purpose, was the soul of the
Ironsides. The crowds were instinct with deep
feeling. It was indeed the “life of the very
life; stuff of the very stuff.” So palpable was
the strong spiritual fervor manifested that he
was truly of coarse fibre who did not feel a
vibration sweep over the innermost chords of
his better nature —the unexpressed essence of
a music in harmony with some mighty cause.
Oh, there were the flags and tl}e bands and
the uneering, but never at all would these have
been missed. The veterans had come because
Patriotism (for which Populism is but another
name) called. The new recruits were drawn
hither because that Voice which has breathed
into the hearts of men for all the ages had
taught them love of country and its pleading
could not be denied. In that great assembly
—a vast, informal mass-meeting—were gath
ered together th© aged aand th© youthful, the
The Spirit and the Promise of the Contention
<By Tom Dolan
sole duty it was in life to keep the light burn
ing.
In Rome, the preservation of the fire was
given a sacred character; a temple -was built
for the service, and those who were set apart
to feed the flame were consecrated as to a
religious duty.
Pure young women were chosen as guardian
angels of the sacred fire, and if one of these
Vestal Virgins lost her own purity, or let the
light in the temple go out, the penalty was
death.
Within the temple, night and day, winter
and summer, year in and year out, the Vestal
Virgin watched her sacred flame. Roman
eagles might be flying to the uttermost ends of
the earth; Roman legions might be camping
on the distant Rhine, or chasing Picts and
Scots to the Grampian Hills, or forming lines
of battle upon the Euphrates—but in the tem
ple, at Rome, would be found the eternal fire,
with the Vestals feeding it, night and day.
If the light went out in the house of any
Roman —rich or poor, country or town —he
was not left in darkness. Straightway he be
took himself to the temple and lit his torch
at the fire which the Vestals had kept alive.
heroes of many a campaign and the volunteers
for service, in that mood which prompts men
to pray, to purify themselves before the shock
of battle. No one could fail to know it, to
swayed by it, to bow to it; to realise that
before the mighty moral force astir in this
convention, all dictated gatherings, machine
made exuberance and money-dazzled numbers
must inevitably go down.
Our people did not come here because they
were paid to come; they did not look upon
the trip as a mere junket; they did not hail it
as a vacation. No! They disregarded their
busiest season, put aside their own interests,
made sacrifices of time and money to get
here and arrived ready and anxious to work.
And now they are going back to the trenches
again. But they are carrying wtih them that
spirit of God-given confidence, of uttermost self
abnegation, before which all spears are broken,
all citadels must fall. Strengthened and re
newed for the struggle, faithful unto
they will carry on the work as never before.
Doubt is impossible; delays are but incidents;
victory is as certain as Truth itself.
Populism has been re-born. Something
higher than man has revived the heart of its
hope, has blown the smoldering embers of its
resolution into white-hot brands. This higher
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
And all over the road dominions of Rome
there was never a fear of universal darkness,
for they, knew that if one Vestal fell away
from duty, another would take her place, and
that Vestals might come and Vestals go, but
the light would shine forever.
Oh, my countrymen! Each of us is a temple,
within each of us was lit the sacred fire,
within each of us are the better angels of our
nature, whose eternal vigilance is needed to
keep the temple pure and the light trimmed
and burning. As it is with the individual, so it
is with the nation. The grandeur of the Re
public must always rest upon the nobility of
the citizen.
Does the sacred fire burn low within me?
Then woe unto me —for I have lessened the
Nation’s splendor. Has the light gone out of
your life? Then woe unto you—for the Na
tion has lost a part of its glory.
To every man and woman who has listened
to this address, to every man and woman who
shall hereafter read it, I appeal:
Consecrate the temple; keep pure and per
petual the Vestal service; for it is moral death
to the individual to neglect the fire; it is
moral death to the Nation to lose the light.
Power has given to us a leader from whom the
most malicious of his enemies can not wrest
the sceptre of a matchless intellect, nor strip
the ermine mantle of integrity.
And the cry that rings from hill to hill,
that sweeps over vale and valley today is:
GEORGIA FOR WATSON!
One day it will be our part to stand gen
erously a little to one side, while all the
Union claims him as her own and crowns him
with her love—but to us who have followed
him long, with a faith unshaken and in never
disappointed trust, is given now the high
privilege of bearing the first laurel leaves to
lay upon his brow.
I?
Despite torrents of rain on the morning of
the ninth, thousands gathered within the vast
auditorium. After order was called by Chair
man Holloway, Dr. John E. White, prominent
Baptist minister and sociologist, offered a sim
ple and touching prayer for guidance. Hon. F.
D. Wimberly was then introduced, presumably
for the benefit of a possible few in that large
audience who did not already know and admire
him. No more beautiful and appropriate words
could have been selected by Col. Wimberly
than he used in introducing Mr. Watson, and
nothing could have touched his hearers more
PAGE FIVE