Captain Odom Gives Reason For
Building Home For Poor
Editor Montgomery Times:
1 will appreciate it if you will al
low me to say a word through the
columns of your valuable paper,
touching my recent proposition to
build home for needy and deserving
widows and orphans.
When John Payne wrote:
“Be it ever so humble,
There is no place like home,"
he touched a chord which meets a
responsive echo in the hearts of all
humanity; he expressed a sentiment
that is the woof and warp of the
fabric of all happiness.
“Home!”
What a nameless charm clusters
around that heaven-born appellation,
and its significance.
The happy home, the reflection of
that abode beyond the stars, where
the tragedy of death will never be
enacted, and falling tears transform
ed into imperishable gems and
“Shine forever more
In heaven’s jeweled crown.”
The home is the hope of the re
public; the bulwark of our liberties,
and the citadel of our strength and
glory as a nation.
We have banded together for as*
high and holy a purpose as ever in
spired the breast of mortal —the
building of homes for those worthy
widows and orphans within our
gates whose enfeebled condition, and
inadequate means, stand like an Al
pine mountain range between them
and a reasonable livelihood.
Wizened and wan, the weary widow
toils the day through, with emaciat
ed and aching hands, and when with
n yain-racked frame she seeks her rest
less pillowy it is only to be haunted
in her dreams by the vision of
the dawn of a darkening morn, when
she shall seek again with heavy
heart an abiding-place for herself
and babes—because there is not
enough to buy bread and pay rent.
The Widow’s and Orphans’ Home
Building Association is to excite in
interest in, and provide ways and
means for constructing cottages for
the deserving widows and orphans of
Montgomery—for those poor women
with their families who are unable
to earn a living and meet rent pay
ments.
I ask, Mr. Editor, can a more pa
triotic service be conceived of?
Until that day when the trump of
the angel shall sound the termina
tion of all earthly things, we will
have the poor with us.
Far back in the dim mysteries of
the hidden past, Cain cried out: “Am
I my brother’s keeper?” The echo and
response is sounding down through
the ages; sounding in our ears to
day:
“The widow’s moan.
The orphan’s pathetic appeal—”
Let not the march of mighty com
merce drown the sad refrain, nor the
dazzling visions of earthly power ob
scure our plain and patriotic duty to
the deserving poor.
The bloody sv/eat of the wretched
widow’ engaged in tlm unequal strug
gle with poverty in the Gethsemane
of a miserable abode cries out
against us to high heaven; the hope-
less wail of the orphan nailed to the
cross of adversity ascends as a tes
timony against us to the great Je
hovah.
Can the most fertile imagination
evolve a happier plan of solving
this question of caring for destitute
widows and orphans, a proposition
embodying more wholesome features,
than that of building nice little cot
tages for them to live in; a place
they can call home, and that is home
(for it is the purpose of this asso
ciation to give the homes to the
poor), where every patter of the
winter rain on the roof is not taken
for the landlord’s tread, and w’here
every moan of the wintry wind is
not mingled w r ith the cry of the wmlf
—w’here the bright hearth glows and
the happy mother sings and sews,
with merry babes at her feet, and
peace in her heart?
We are preparing an appropriate
cut to adorn oui' stationery; it rep
resents Montgomery as a fair wo
man beauteous of form and comely
to behold —laurel crowned —emerg-
ing from characteristic symbols of
prosperity, bestowing upon a poor
widow, with her children grouped
about her, a pretty and comfortable
little cottage. Expert engravers are
at work on the design, and when
completed it will be as handsome and
attractive piece of w’ork as was ever
displayed in this section.
Montgomery was the first capital
of the Confederacy, and with this
proud city is associated many glori
ous memories dear to the heart of
all true Southerners. It was from
here the lightning’s spark flashed
that loosed the dogs of war against
the invaders of Southern soil; rocked
In the fiery cradle of revolution, here
was born and nurtured that mo
mentous struggle for constitutional
liberty.
Montgomery is famed for her
brave, patriotic men and noble wom
en; she has left her lasting im
print on Southern history’s bright
est page.
Montgomery is famed for her gen
erosity and liberality; her great
heart is not unmindful of the suf
erers’ appeal, whether it comes from
a sister city, under the shadow of af
fliction, or for those within her gates.
But Montgomery, the proud, the
brave, the chivalric, the magnani
mous, w’ill eclipse all of her former
glories, and outshine all of her for
mer achievements, when she molds
into a reality the symbols of
this institution —which will stand
depicted on its stationery—and
crowns the hearts and lives of the
first family of poor widows and
orphans with her first gracious offer
ing in the form of a comfortable
cottage, thus launching an enter
prise at once so humane, so patriotic
and so noble, that by the magnet of
its worthiness will command the
approbation of all, and enlist the
substantial interest of those en
throned in the realm of prosperity.
Our duty is plain—let us do it —
and we will then afford a perma
nent relief for these poor ones driv
en hither and thither like mists be
fore a sea-born gale, with no per-
Zsl)e 3effersonian
manent abiding-place for themselves
or their offspring.
Let us drive away the incubus of
rent that eternally hangs over their
struggling lives. Then instead of
wizened and weeping faces will be the
bright smiles of the happy widow;
in the place of the cries of children
will be youthful shouts, making the
welkin ring, while their childish feet
are scurrying to the school on the
hill- then in the place of a heavy
conscience and a restless pillow, our
dreams will be sweet, our homes will
be brighter, and a new light will
shine in our lives that we never
knew before. Instead of a piteous
moan coming on the wings of the
night winds from hearts -wrung with
woe, there will come stealing to us
with the voices of the night the voice
of the orphan lisping at its mother’s
knee a tender prayer of thanksgiv
ing to the giver of every good and
perfect gift, that weary hearts, tired
feet and aching frames had at last
found a roof to shelter that the hand
of no landlord could remove, and
whose closed door would never bear
the ominous inscription. “For Rent.”
(ielifc6BteFrep
/ N BOR V
/- DON’T SEND ME ONE CENT \
> when you answer this announcement, as I am going to distribute at least \
■ one-hundred-thousand sets of the Dr. Haux famous <e Perfect Vision’’ >
■ Spectacles to genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearers, in the next few 1
K weeks —on one easy, simple condition. 1
I I want you to thoroughly try them on your own eyes, no a
I matter how weak they may be; read the finest print in your bible with 3
■ them on, thread the smallest eyed needle you can get hold of and put |
I them to any test you like in your own home as long as you please.
Then after you have become absolutely and positively convinced I
■ that they are really and truly the softest, clearest and best-fitting glasses I
■ you have ever had on your eyes and if they honestly make you see just I
■ as well as you ever did in your younger days, you can keep the ■
1 pair forever without a cent of pay if you accept my special ■
X extraordinary advertising proposition, and g
\ JUST DO ME A GOOD TU R N /
X by showing them around to your neighbors and friends and speak a good g
X word for them everywhere, at every opportunity. g
X Won’t you help me introduce the wonderful Dr. Haus “Perfect g
X Vision ” Spectacles in your locality on one easy, simple condition Y g
X If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle-wearer (no children X
X need apply) and want to do me this favor, write me at once and g
X. just say: “Dear Doctor: —Mail me your Perfect Home Eye g
Tester, absolutely free of charge, also full particulars of g
Xk your handsome 10-karat RCIJJJWID Spectacle Offer,” and g
address me personally and I will give ycur letter g
Xn>y own personal attention. Address: —
HAUX, (Personal), Haux
-
The Above is the Largest Mail Order Spectacle House m the World, and Perfectly ReuablW*
BROADWELL’S DOUBLE-JOINTED COTTON—The Prize Winner
The highest tribute ever paid to any
1 1 variety of cotton was Broadwell’s Dou
ble-Jointed Variety. It has taken first
and second prizes for the largest yield
of cotton at the Georgia State Fair for
the past five years; has also taken both
first and second prizes for the best ten
stalks of cotton for the past five years.
What better recommendation would
you want? I have sold my cottonseed
to men in thirteen States in the last
five years, and ninety-nine out of one
hundred that has planted Broadwell’s
Double-Jointed Cotton will tell you
that it w’ill make more to the acre
than any other cotton they ever plant
ed. Now’, if you want to make more
money to the acre than you ever made
with cotton, plant Broadwell’s Double-
Jointed Cottonseed this year. You can
get them for 75 cents a peck or $2.50
per bushel. The only way you can get
the genuine seed, is to order from
John B. Broadwell, Alpharetta, Ga., or
Mark W. Johnson Seed Co., Atlanta,
Ga. For full particulars address
JOHN B. BROADWELL,
Alpharetta, Ga., R. F. I>. No. 3.
PAGE SEVENTEEN
The Widows and Orphans’ Home
Building Association is assuming
shape. I have interviewed a number
of prominent business men on the
subject, and all are enthusiastic. At
an early date we will apply for a
charter for the organization.
I am actively at work on the mat
ter and have not thought of any ele
ment in the nature of failure over
taking the efforts of those interested.
The Widows and Orphans’ Home
Building Association of Montgomery
1 believe is assured.
Most respectfully.
L. A. ODOM
Captain Salvation Army.
WOULD FIT, ALL RIGHT.
Customer—Why do you give me
sevens when I ask for sixes?
Bootmaker —Ah, sir, you will be
so pleased with these shoes that
your feet will swell with pride.—Bon
Vivant.
AN OPPORTUNITY.
Judge—Do you swear to tell the
truth, the whole truth?
Fair Witness—lt will be just per
fectly lovely if you really have the
time to listen. —Harper’s Bazar.