PAGE TWO
Great fortunes Made in Oklahoma City ‘Real “Estate
Sy O. P. Sturm.
Real estate values are the best cri
terion by which the real life, the true
worth and the future hope of a city
may be builded. Values are fixed
largely in new communities by the
faith of its people in the future; and
a careful investigation of the livest,
most progressive and fastest growing
cities of the United States reveals
that values are much higher in the
growing places than in those which
apparently have reached their limit,
even if they are good business centers
and enjoying a fall share of commer
cial activity.
The prices at which Oklahoma City
realty has changed hands for many
years have been “too high” in the
minds of the new comers, and even
old settlers have often predicted that
they had reached their limit. Yet it
is the concensus of the best posted
men of the city, men who invest their
thousands as evidence of their faith,
that there was never a time in the
history of Oklahoma City when values
had more to sustain and advance them
than is in evidence today.
All generalization on any subject
is unsatisfactory, and it seems to me
that there is nothing in the world that
demands more concrete evidence to
sustain such statements as I have
made in my introduction than may
be asked, even demanded, by the pres
ent status of the continued increase
in realty values in the metropolis of
the State of Oklahoma, hence the fol
lowing are a few illustrations of what
has been done, and what is being
done.
When the first settlement was made
in Oklahoma, most men thought that
to enter and settle upon a lot as a
homestead and another as a business
lot constituted the limits of one’s
rights, but as evidence of another
view of this question Henry Overhol
ser entered nineteen lots on Grand
avenue and by erecting business
house's on them succeeded in holding
all, the courts deciding that occu
pancy with a business house was with
in the provisions of the terms of en
trance. Thirteen of those lots which
Mr. Overholser entered are today
worth and could be sold without a
building on any of them for more
than a half million dollars.
Two years ago he sold six of them
for $102,500, and eighteen months
later C. F. Colcord, who was one of
the purchasers, bought out his partner
for SIOO,OOO, thus making the total
value of the six lots $200,000. Mr.
Overholser has recently leased tw 7 o of
the lots at $6,000 per annum for a
period of ninety-nine years, the lessee
to erect his building and take care of
all expenses, including taxes.
At the opening the Presbyterian
Church entered three lots at the cor
ner of Harvey and Grand avenue. In
1902 Owen & Welsh purchased these
lots for $3,600, and during the past
year they sold them for SIOO,OOO cash.
During the seven years the gentlemen
owned the lots they collected the price
they paid several times from the little
wooden shack that up to the present
time occupies it.
Mr. Classen bought twenty-five
acres of the Highland Addition for
$75 per acre. Today he is selling the
lots there for residence property at
SSO per front foot, and it is not only
worth the money, but is considered
one of the most attractive places in
the city on which to build a good
home. A little figuring will reveal
the fact that one acre of the land is
selling today for SIO,OOO.
Not very many men in Oklahoma
City today own the lot they filed on,
and out of the 3,000 people who were
here at the end of the first month,
only a small per cent are residents
now, and fewer still are in the busi
ness in which they first engaged.
W. J. Pettee is one man who is doing
business on the lot he entered, and
is just now engaged in erecting on
it, and another next to it, a substan
tial five-story concrete building. Some
of the other men who came at the
opening and have remained in the
same business for twenty years are
the following: Gerson Brothers, cloth
iers; J. M. Owen, real estate; C. B.
Haley, drugs; George and W. T.
Hales, mule buyers; Bob Scott, drug
gist; J. B. Garrison, coal and feed;
A. M. Deßolt, lumber; W. D. Gault,
lumber; J. P. Martin, lumber; J. L.
Brown, lawyer; O. A. Mitscher, mer
chant, and Dr. Delos Walker.
Probably no other man has contrib
uted so little to the city’s prosperity
and reaped so much by its growth as
James W. Weaver, who owns the fifty
feet at the northeast corner of Main
and Harvey, as he has been offered
$100,006 for these lots, and the first
cost did not exceed S3O and twenty
years’ waiting.
It is a matter of record that late
one night, or more properly early one
•morning, in 1899 a citizen of this city
asked a friend who had been sitting
across the table from him in a game
of poker, to accept the deed for a
down town lot on Grand avenue in
stead ,of his check for S3OO for his
night’s losses. This lot sold in 1906
for $5,000, and today it is worth from
SIB,OOO to $20,000.
About six months ago G. W. Tur
ley sold a twenty-five foot lot at the
corner of Broadway and Main, which
he entered at a cost of $14.75, for
$35,000, and it is likely he had col
lected at least $20,000 in rental from
the lot since filing on it.
O. T. Bassett entered the seventy
one feet on the corner of Main and
Broadway which is today owned by
his son. These lots are worth $2,000
a front foot and can not be bought for
that.
Another corner that was entered
and held until recently by one man is
Westfall’s, which was filed on and
held until about a year ago by D. I).
Kuhlman. These lots were purchased
by Oscar G. Lee, for $105,000. Mr.
Lee owns three more of the most val
uable corners in the city, one where
the Lee Building stands, one occupied
by the Security National Bank, and
the twenty-five foot lot on which the
Majestic Building has just been erec
ted. While $3,600 annual rental for
a term of ninety-nine years looks
high to some people for that lot, Mr.
Lee now regrets he leased it at that
price and the lessees are delighted
with their investment, which is bring
ing now an annual rental of $25,000.
Gerson Brothers receive SB,OOO an
nual rental for a term of ninety-nine
Zst)c Jeffersonian
years for the fifty feet at the south
east corner of Main and Robinson on
w r hich the Empire Building is being
erected.
R. W. Higgins, who entered the 160
acres of land adjoining the original
town site on the west, found a con
test on his hands, and, liking a scrap,
fought it through the courts, finally
winning out. He immediately sold
eighty-thiree acres of the land for
$42,000 to Owen & Welsh and asso
ciates, who platted it in 1902 and sold
it out at a profit of $150,000 within
fourteen months. Today it would be
difficult to estimate the value of that
land, as it is covered by the court
house, the John Deere building, and
many business houses are gradually
finding their way on to it.
The eighty acres entered by Frank
Gault, just west of the Santa Fe be
tween Seventh and Eleventh streets,
is probably worth two million dollars.
Fiction is often more entertaining
than facts, but in an article of the
nature of this one frills and fiction
are entirely eliminated for facts, and
the specific illustrations used are but
AN ANALYSIS OF THE
\TWO OLD PARTIES
How are the mighty fallen? If any
thing was lacking to prove the domi
nant political parties had out-lived
their usefulness, their failure to re
vise the tariff, downwards, the past
forty years should satisfy the most
ardent partisan advocates of either
of those old parties of their error.
During the Civil War the tariff
taxes were raised as high as the Re
publican congress could be led to fix
that tax. It will be remembered that
the Republican party was at that time
a new party, which had come fresh
from the people, bearing ideas of re
form of the mass who had not at that
time been brought under the party
lash of the bosses who later got con
trol and now are the agents of pub
lic service, corporations and trusts.
At that time a high tariff was nec
essary and a higher tariff benefited the
government for the reason the de
struction and consumption of the vast
amount of goods of the various kind
and quality was so far in excess of
home manufacturers that a price
could be maintained far higher than
in times of peace, that a profitable
market was found in this country for
the surplus of all other civilized na
tions at a profit. It was at this time
and stress of the nations necessities
that the tariff was raised to an aver
age of 12 or 15 per cent, and this law
which was twice as high as any pre
ceding tariff brought into the treas
ury a large revenue for the reason as
above stated. But when this bill was
under discussion in congress Mr.
Boutwell, who had the bill in charge
in the lower house, said, when it met
with opposition because the rates
were so high, that it was a war meas
ure calculated to bring to the gov
ernment large revenue, and it being
a war measure when the war ended the
tax could be taken off. With this ex
planation the bill passed and was the
a few of hundreds that could be
round.
At all times during the develop
ment of this city’s growth it has been
the men who had faith in her future
and who evidenced their faith by in
vesting their money who have secured
the big returns on their investment.
If I am right in the opinion that
the future has more evidence of sub
stantial, steady growth than the past
has evidenced, investments in well
located property are safer now than
ever before. The evidence I have to
offer of my sincerity was shown a
month ago in paying $15,000 for a lot
next to the alley on Third street —a
lot that sold a year ago for $8,200.
With several times as much build
ing in operation now as at any other
time in the history of the city the
future is more promising than ever
before. One of the best evidences of
the faith in Oklahoma City is the
fact that those who have been here
longest are the most willing to invest
their thousands in highest priced
property.—Strum’s Oklahoma Maga
zine.
area of high tariff and one of the
most potent means for revenue the
government could possess for the rea
son above stated. Immediately after
the war ended the tariff became a
party issue. The Democratic leaders
began the clamor for low tariff. One
for revenue only and that has been
the issue between the parties down to
the present time. No national elec
tion has taken place since the war
that did not make the tariff the main
issue. The Democrats favored a low
tariff for revenue and the Republican
party clamored for a high protective
tariff and charged the Democrats with
favoring free trade. Thus the cam
paigns were fought out on that line
which elected Cleveland president and
a Democratic congress, but when the
Democrats "'ot in power they forgot
all about the issue of that campaign,
and when that Democratic congress
attempted to revise the tariff they
complained of during the campaign as
outrageously high, their revised
schedule was as high or higher than
that of the Republicans.
Again this revision became an issue
and the Republicans made organized
labor, and farmers and wage workers
believe that the protective tariff was
for their interest and protected them
against the importation of products
of the pauper labor of foreign coun
tries. On this issue the Republican
party sailed into power and began to
revise the tariff up, under -what is
known as the McKinley bill. In all
these campaigns the people became
some what educated as to the effect
the high protective tariff had on them
and they began a clamor for a re
vision downwards all along the line.
And for years there has not been a
national election that both parties
have not pledged themselves to a re
vision downwards of the tariff. The
(Continued on Page Ten.)