HEALTH IN THE HOME.
A Talk About Accidents.
Just a timely word to the mothers
of small sons who may play with the
deadly toy pistol this Christmas: the
danger of lockjaw from such wounds
does not lie, as many suppose, in the
toy itself, but the fact that the little
fellows get dirty in their romps and
the soilure on the skin is carried into
the wound. Now, the bacillus of te
tanus, which causes lockjaw, cannot
Jive in air. Therefore, if an accident
happens, cleanse the wound as thor
oughly as you can with hot water
and soap and leave it open. Don’t
put sticking plaster over it or bind
it up in layers of bandage. The
bleeding can be stopped by bandaging
above or below the wound and a piece
of thin muslin perhaps put loosely
over it. Don’t worry over saving a
scar. Better far a little disfigure
ment than a horrible death. Even
many doctors make the mistake of
sewing up a cut neatly, shutting out
every bit of oxygen. If the children
cut themselves in their play, remem
ber that the germ of tetanus may be
in the flesh. It is always present
where there are sheep, cows, horses,
etc. The old dear of a rusty nail
has ample basis in fact, though it is
not due to the nail, or the rust, but
from the soilure on the nail or on
the skin. It requires a week or ten
days of nurture in the flesh for the
germ to do its deadly work, and often
the original wound has perfectly,
neatly healed before the terrible trou
ble begins. Some germs cannot live
in oxygen; others can’t live without
it. The tetanus bacilli die in the
air; therefore, shun as you would a
pestilence, the doctor or friend who
shuts the air out from a jagged
wound. By all means, see that the
wound bleeds freely, clean the skin
around it as well as you can, and the
air will do the rest.
A burn requires exactly the op
posite treatment. The fire itself de
stroys the chances of infection from
any germs that may be on the skin.
Every housemother ought to keep on
hand that cheap and efficient remedy
(particularly when Christmas can
dles and inflammable cotton bring
yearly danger) a mixture of equal
parts of lime water and linseed oil.
.Soak cotton or soft cloths in this and
put on the burned surface, shutting
out the air. For a slight, bi|t pain
ful, burn that reddens the skin and
does not destroy it, application of
spirits of turpentine often brings in
stant relief.
I wonder if all of you know what
should be done if carbolic acid is
swallowed? Or spilled upon one?
Alcohol is the antidote. There is a
professor of materia medica in New
York who demonstrates this annual
ly to his students by the heroic
method of taking a spoonful of pure
carbolic acid in his mouth, holding
it there an instant (not swallowing
it) and then following it with pure
alcohol. His mouth and lips are un
hurt. Few would care to follow this
heroic experiment, but all should
know that alcohol, or the next thing
to it, chould be given internally or
applied in cases of poisoning from
this terrible acid. I personally do
not see any use for carbolic acid, and
it should not be in any home. There
is nothing in the way of disinfecting
that some far less harmful thing
can’t do much better. A great many
people have a vague idea that car
bolic acid, standing around a sick
room, will prevent infection. It is
wholly unfounded and does nothing
but add a nauseating smell to the
premises and is of grave danger to
the family, as it is so often mistaken
for water by the little ones. If, for
any reason, any poison is purchased,
the antidote should be bought at the
same time, its use understood, and
both kept together. Particularly in
the country home, where maybe the
doctor cannot be reached until long
after the time at which he could have
done any good. But avoid all such
dangerous agents as far as possible.
If they come into the house at all, let
it be under the instructions of a phy
sician, who will always be careful to
tell you what to do in case of acci
dent or overdose.
I hold it self-evident that no wo
man should be without a certain
amount of practical knowledge as to
meeting the emergencies which arise
in her and her neighbor’s home. I
know the old saying, “a little knowl
edge is a dangerous thing,” but
there are more cases where no knowl
edge at all is fatal. To know “what
to do until the doctdr comes” covers
exactly what I mean, nothing more.
No promiscuous advising, no pre
scribing for herself or her family,
unless she indeed “drink deep of the
.Pierian spring.” I often think it
would be a fine thing if every girl
could have some training as a nurse
before she marries. She would learn
so much of orderly housekeep
ing, of hygiene, of how to care for her
dear ones in sickness, as well as in
health; and, above all, how to keep
them well and how to be self-con
trolled and self-reliant. She wouldn’t
wring her hands helplessly when baby
had his first attack of croup, add her
own hysteria to the situation if se
rious accident occurred. Better than
all, she would be able to sustain
someone else in a crisis. “Because
less feminine?” I don’t know, but
I do know that the trained nurse is
simply snapped up in the matrimo
nial market. She’s gone, cap, apron
and all, before the rest of the girls
even “arrive.” T. D.
She—l heard you singing in your
room this morning.
He —Oh, I sing a little to kill time.
She —You have a good weapon.—
Boston Transcript.
A VDVV TO INTRODUCE
1 ALL New Catalogue
W. Will Send a Little
Nickeled Clock Free
"just like the picture,” if you will
■ send names and addresses of ten
neighbors and 10c to help to pay
WMKFOF postage.
HEDGE O BLAIR
w *56 Second Street Fall River, Mass.
LEAF TOBACCO FOR SALE.
Fine to chew and smoke. Grown by
a deep-dyed-in-the-wool Populist and
firm believer in Thomas E. Watson’s
deathless principles. Write for prices
to W. L. PARKS,
R. F. D. 1, Adams, Tenn.
Zsbe Jeffersonian
Great Clubbing and Premium Offer!
Read this Offer very Carefully
Because of a special favorable arrangement we are able to offer our
readers this remarkable offer:
Weekly Jeffersonian One Year sur
Up-to-Date Farming One Year. All rOf
Fifty Beautiful, Entertaining
and Instructive Post Cards r |
Membership in the Up-to-Date I a IJII
Post Card Exchange J
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming famous,
because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profitably. Our read
ers can well afford to subscribe for it as with the two papers they will get a
BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and marketing.
The post cards are known as a “TRIP AROUND THE WORLD.” There
are fifty of them, all beautifully printed in colors and contain the most in
teresting, domestic and foreign views. To give an idea of this valuable set
we will imagine we are going to take a trip around the world in souvenir
post cards, and below are named the places we will visit and what we will
see:
JMII fRa.
S b i Ki
Where We Go What We See Where We Go What We Bee
1. Chicago, Lincoln Park. 26. Paris, Notre Dame Cathe-
2. Chicago, Stock Yards. , , _dral. „
3. Indianapolis, State Capital. 2I Scotland, Edinblroulh* I®’ 1 ®’
4. St. Louis, Reservoir Park. 29. Denmark, Copenhagen.
5. Colorado, Royal Gorge. 30. Norway, Christiania.
6. Yellowstone Pk„ Hot Springs. Geraanj. cStlFStte Rblne.
7. Los Angeles, Palmetto Avenue. 33. Germany, Cologne Cathedral.
8. California, Famous Big Tree. 34. Switzerland, Falls of the Rhine.
9. Manitoba, Harvest Scenes. 35. France, M y?ew ar^o ’ General
10. Quebec, J£ inter S £ eaes - 36. France, Monte Carlo, The Ca
ll. New York, Niagara Falls. uu c ’ B i no
12. Buffalo, Lafayette Square. 37. Egypt, Boats on the Nile.
13. Buffalo, Home Historical So- ra eVD t Rock Temple at Abu
ciety. *>• Simbel.
14. New York City, Wall Street 39 India Calcutta. Eden Gar-
15. Brooklyn, Brooklyn Bridge. incua ’ den.
16. New York City, Central Park. 40. China, Harbor of Hong Kong
17. Brooklyn, Sheepshead Bay Ra- 41. China, Shanghai, Nankin
ces * Road.
18. Havana, Moro Castle. 42. China, General View, Can-
19. Panama, Colon. ton.
20. Panama, Panama Canal. 43. China, Pekin
21. Spain, Bull Fi S ht at Valen- 44. Manchuria, Mukden.
P ’ cia. 45. Manchuria, Liaoyang. Battlefield.
22. Portugal, General View of Lis- 46. Japan, Tokio, Street Scene.
bon. 47. Japan, Tokio, Tea House.
23. Portugal, Fountain of Leiria. 48. Japan, Kyoto, Tea House.
24. France, Palace of Versailles. 49. Philippine Isis., Manila.
25. Paris, Arch of Triumph. 50. Philippine Isis., Cebu.
Don’t you want this great set of cards? It will be the gem of your col
lection, or you may have great satisfaction in using them in correspondence
with your friends.
The Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is the only one of its kind in the
country. It has many thousand members all over the United States and in
some foreign countries. Get your address on this exchange and you will re
ceive postal cards from many fine people, and by sending to them many
agreeable correspondents may be secured. If you are a member of the ex
change It will give you the opportunity to employ many otherwise idle mo
ments pleasantly, and, perhaps, profitably.
Fill out and mail the coupon promptly, better do it today. Everything
will be sent at once.
cut off here....
Publisher of*Weekly Jeffersonian:
Please send Weekly Jeffersonian and Up-to-Date Farming one year and
stop the papers then if not renewed, also fifty Trip Around the World Post
Cards, and put my address in the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange, as per
your offer. j
I enclose..for the same.
. Name
R. R...P. O
County State
PAGE THIRTEEN