but I do not think enough of them to
keep them from punishment when
they need it. o>.e thing I do not
like about them, and that is those
rats that the cat is jumping at all
the time. Leroy Fortson Gunn, Craw
fordville, Gia., aged 10.
A Boy’s Pockets.
Most boys have dirty faces, and
tear their clothes, and have their
The Children & Their Letters
Route 1, Bailey, Miss., May 5, 1909.
Editor, Jeffersonians:
I noticed in recent issue of the
paper, in the Children’s Department,
some stories of 1 i Munchausen ” char
acter. Now, Mr. Watson, while I
think the reform you advocate is all
right, I am much surprised that you
would publish such stuff, as it is
very corrupting of the morals of the
youth, and debasing to older people,
and no doubt will hurt the Jeffer
sonian. Encourage the young by
all means, and aid the development
of their minds in away to make a
noble manhood and womanhood, for
the future of our country. Os course,
amusing incidents and ludicrous hap
penings furnish harmless merriment,
and are usually enjoyed by all.
Trusting you will give this matter
your attention, and do the thing
your judgment decides is right, I am,
with well wishes, your friend.
M. D. Ethridge, Sr.
Daddy Jim’s Reply.
'Since the opening of a children’s
department in the Jeffersonian we
have received many hundreds of let
ters from children in different parts
of the United States, and we have
tried to select and publish the best
of them. Some of the letters, written
in all innocence, were not for the
public eye, and to these youngsters
we have written, warning and counsel
ing them according to our best judg
ment. Other faults we have pointed
out, with kindly criticism, in the
paper. In all cases we have laid
stress upon naturalness in writing,
telling the children to write just as
they talk to the folks and
neighbors at home. We want to know
the children as they are, not as they
ought to be.
The stories to which Mr. Ethridge
refers were probably those told by a
little boy named E. S. Murphy, who
lives at Surrency, Ga., and by
another boy named Arling Tootle at
Glenville, Ga., just across the river,
in Tatnall county. It was a duel be
tween the two, and the weapons were
“whoppers.” Tootle told about a
gigantic fish that was caught in
Arkansas, and when they cut him open
they found among other things, an
acre of burnt woods and a ton of
salt. No doubt Tootle thought that
as some stories must be taken with
a grain of salt, his would require a
ton. Murphy came back with a tale
of fishing in Texas, where they used
a whale for bait.
The point that Mr. Ethridge makes
is that just such stories are corrupting
and debasing, both to youth and old
age. Let us see.
Exaggeration is characteristic of
youthfulness. It’s natural. Old age is
postive, middle age comparative, and
pockets full of all kinds of tools, toy
drums, horses, soldiers, and a large
collection of nails and knives. They
like to climb trees, ride horses, go
hunting and fishing, wade in ponds,
and, most of all, play base-ball. All
boys should recite poetry, and read
well, and most of them can. Emma
Blalock, Timberlake, N. C., 12 years
old. •
youth superlative. Some men and
women—novelists, musicians, artists,
even men of affairs—have kept unto
the end, content and undiislhonored,
their childish loving hearts and great
imaginative brains. Imagination was
to them the breath of life, and for
us their works have made life brighter
and fuller and better worth the living.
Let me recall my own childhood,
which was probably not unlike that
of many others. Some of the bright
est spots in my memory are the hours
that I passed with Baron Hieronymus
Munchausen himself at his 'home on a
high shelf in the library. He lived
in a little dingy volume, companioned
by fearful and wonderful woodcuts.
Near him, on the same shelf, were
three or four heavy black books, the
residence of Marco Polo. I didn’t
like the Venetian so well as the
German; and I think the real reason
was that Munchausen’s stories were
so obviously untrue that even a child
could laugh at them, but with Marco
Polo one always ran the risk of tak
ing false for true. Purchas his Pil
grims lived on a lower slhelf, in a huge
black-letter volufne, hard to handle
and harder still to read. Not far
away was Dean Swift, whose grand
father, says D’lsraeli, lost his living
after he had chosen for his text on
the King’s birthday, “Sufficient unto
the day is the evil thereof.” How
I loved the wild humor and imagina
tion run riot in Lilliput and Brobdig
•nag. It was little I could understand
of the bitter inner meaning; they
were tales to me, and nothing more.
But I knew they were not true, just
as I knew that the Arabian Nights
were stories told for my particular de
light. Ghtoss exaggerations, all of
them, but “the light that never was
on the land or sea” fell across the
pages as I read; and I hope it will
always lie there for the millions of
happy children who shall read these
books in after years, unbelieving but
not misunderstanding them.
A little later there came to me
long John Silver and his parrot,
“pieces of eight” and the dead men
sitting on the dead man’s chest.;
Leatherstocking and his gentlemanly
Indian friends; Peter Simple and
his incredible misfortunes; Ivanhoe;
the Three Musketeers, and many
another magnificent hero of boyhood.
"Then there was Mark Twain and
Max Adeler and Artemus Ward; and
they were the very beatification of
exaggeration. It was Lowell, I think,
who spoke of ia negro so dark that
charcoal made a white mark on him,
and Ward who told the story about
the fellow who had to keep the head
of his cane shaved, after he had
accidently touched it with the stopper
out of a bottle of hair restorer. This
is Munchausen all over again; but the
3effersonlan
One Hundred Dollars
TO the man, woman or child who sends us the
largest number of subscriptions to Watson's
Jeffersonian Magazine between now and January 1,
1910, we will award prizes as follows:
First Prize • - - Fifty Dollars
Second Prize - Twenty-Five Dollars
Third Prize - - • Ten Dollars
Fourth Prize - - Five Dollars
Fifth Prize - - - Five Dollars
Sixth Prize - - - Five Dollars
Regular agent's commission will be allowed on
all subscriptions sent in for this prize competition.
For blanks, samples, etc., apply to
liVafson Jeffersonian Magazine GEORGIA I
IVIaRe Money Work
If you have a little money saved up which
you would like to invest so that it will be
absolutely safe, and at the same time will
be increasing at a profitable rate, write to
us for particulars of our Jeffersonian Bonds.
They are secured by a perfect guarantee,
and they earn Seven per cent interest. The
bonds are in small denominations, and are
intended for small investors. The interest
is payable annually, and is secured as abso
lutely as the principal. Write today.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
KNIFE FREE
J PHOTO OF THOS. E. WATSON
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new
yearly subscription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine we will
mail a handsome, two-bladed knife, with a transparent
handle containing the latest photograph of the Hon.
Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of
the very finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of
German silver, the linings of plate brass, all beauti
fully finished. The photograph of Mr. Watson is life
like; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
and leader. To get the knife you must ask for it when
you send the money —not afterwards.
This Offer is Good for Thirty Days
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the South .. .. Price 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs
Sketches from Roman History .. .. Price .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo, just published Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
4 4 TH! JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN