PAGE TWO
Some Interesting Letters Relative to the Silence of
Magazines on Great Questions
Dear Sir: —You were good, enough
to say, in reference to my tender of
correspondence with the “World’s
Work” for publication in your
monthly Jeffersonian, that you were
glad to get it, and —“I’ faith I’ll
prent it.’ ”
The attitude of the great journals
and magazines published in the Uni
ted States reminds me ©f the nursery
ditty:
“Mother, may I go out to swim?
Yes, my darling daughter,
Hang your clothes on a hickory limb,
But don’t go near the water.”
“The World’s Work,” like all the
rest, ostentatiously removes its po
litical garments and shows itself in
all its naked deformity, while it goes
through all its natatorial gymnastics
necessary to convince the 15,000,000
American voters that it is the big
gest fish in the pond, but it gets no
where. Meantime, the jury of vo
ters, depending upon these maritime
explorers for financial information,
look upon their awkward aquatic di
versions with evident admiration, but
can not see it is not financial deep
water (no pun is intended), but a
dense fog they are swimming in.
Mother Aldrich, remotely referred to
in the above ditty, keeps an eagle
eye on them, and if they should hap
pen to tell the truth once they would
promptly be taught a new lesson in
finance.
Very truly yours,
L. E PERKINS,
Vice-prest. U. S. Monetary League.
Denver, Colo.
Editor “The World’s Work”: —
There is one subject so persistently
and carefully ignored in your arti
cles, entitled “The March of Events,”
published monthly in “The World’s
Work”, of such transcendent, nay, of
such vital, import to the people of
the United States that I often won
der what reason you can have for its
avoidance.
There is no government polity of
such enormous potentialities for
wrong and injustice as a money sys
tem planned in the interest of a few
instead of for the greatest good to
the greatest number. It is an axiom
that whoever controls the money of a
country controls its government, its
industries and its destiny. You
know, and everybody knows, that our
country has, during the last half
century, been insidiously and persist
ently steered in that direction until
now the government, the industries
and the destiny of the United States
are absolutely in the hands of and
under full control of tho directors
and managers of the National Bank
ing System, and that not a financial
act has passed Congress during that
period (nor can there be in the fu
ture) that was not drawn up or dic
tated by the Wall street interests.
This is history.
The plot was hatched in that foul
nest of financial vultures which al
ways swarm around embarrassed
governments during a great war, in
finitely dirtier and more merciless
than those ghouls that rob the dead
on the battlefield at night; and car
ried to a successful consummation.
Their first act of spoilation was
to force into the law creating the
greenback that exception clause
which increased the cost of the Civil
War fully one hundred per cent.
Still that cost was paid in green
backs, and everybody was satisfied.
You will recall that Hugh McCul
loch, in his report for 1865, stated
that “the people of the United States
are practically out of debt.” This
beatific condition was intolerable to
the banking and creditor interests,
and the Secretary immediately acced-
ed to their demands to put an end to
it, which he proceeded to do by
burning up $1,800,000,000 of the
peoples’ assets and substituting
therefor the same amount of interest
bearing debt. These cremated green
backs, too, which were infinitely bet
ter than the bonds substituted for
them, because they were cash, were
bought at fifty cents on the dollar by
the public creditors, domestic and
foreign, thus doubling the value of
their property at one fell swoop with
out one cent of value received.
Next comes the conspiracy of
bankers and financiers in Paris in
1867, where it was secretly deter
mined to put the United States upon
a gold monometallic basis, again
doubling the value of the property
dishonestly acquired before by the
creditor interests, and John Sherman
was hired, as Benedict Arnold was
hired, and for the same traitorous
purpose, to betray the people. This
was achieved in 1873 by the act of
Congress surreptitiously and deceit
fully dropping the coinage of the sil
ver dollar. As soon as this treacher
ous act was detected by the people
after several years, for nobody but a
lot of bankers and financiers and
John Sherman knew what had been
done, or the inevitable effect of what
had been done, an effort was prompt
ly made to reopen the mints to its re
coinage, and in one campaign 14,-
000, 000 votes were cast for the
restoration of bimetallism (see the
platforms of every political party up
to 1904) and only 195,000 (Palmer
& Buckner) against it! And yet we
didn’t get it! And this is called a
government of the people!
The ultimate effect of the act of
1873 was to depreciate the value of
silver bullion 60 per cent. As
neither the United States nor any
European government had changed
the ratio at which each coins its
silver bullion into money, but the
former still coins millions of dollars
into subsidiary coin at 16 to 1, there
by making a profit off our industrious
silver miners of ten million dollars a
year, while European governments
continue to coin their shillings and
francs and marks and rubles at a
ratio value of 15 1-2 to 1, whereby
these coins come out of the mint
with a gold valuation of $1.29 to
$1.33 per ounce, so that it is plain
that each of those governments
makes a profit of 150 per cent., more
or less, off unsuspicious American
citizens, every dollar of which goes
in to the treasury of those govern
ments, and every dollar of which
would have remained in the pockets
of American miners but for that un
patriotic and absurd act of 1873.
Does this look to you like a saga
cious business policy from an Ameri
can point of view? To me it would
seem quite as sensible to compel the
farmer or the planter, by legislative
enactment, to sell his wheat to for
eign consumers at 40 cents per
bushel, or his cotton at 5 cents per
pound. And you see nothing in this
to condemn, but approve it by your
silence, on the principle, I suppose,
that whatever is, is right.
There is another aspect of the sil
ver question which I need not men
tion further than to refer you to J.
J. Hill’s article in the World’s Work
for January, specially to the para
graph headed “A little known Chi
nese Menace,” although this result of
gold monometallism was pointed out
by Senator Teller and Sir Morton
Frewin thirty years ago, to say noth
ing of Wm. J. Bryan at a later pe
riod. Mr. Hill himself refused to
see it at that time, but the logic of
events has opened his eyes.
My object is simply to call your
attention to the wrongs and enor
mous losses which the people of the
United States have suffered by per
nicious legislation. lam hoping that
your powerful and influential publi-
3effersontan
cation, instead of evading these ques
tions, will consent to lend your aid
in liberating us from the chains
which bind us to this financial mon
ster.
Yours very truly,
L. E. PERKINS,
Vice-Prest U. S. Monetary League.
Dear Sir:—l am in receipt of your
esteemed favor of the 14th inst. in
reply to my criticism of the position
of the “World’s Work” on the finan
cial question, in which you profess to
feel “very deeply interested”. This
is gratifying, but not yet apparent in
any articles that have come uncler
my notice.
True, I have read in the “March
of Events” some mush and milk para
graphs (I concede that they are some
times thickened a little with good
corn meal nutriment) in which the
“interest” revealed seemed to me to
be “how not to do it”. Ido not mean
to do you an injustice, but you cer
tainly have not reached the marrow
in the bones of the great financial
mastodon, and do not seem to want
to. I think, then, that I am fully
justified in calling your attitude one
of avoidance.
You do not challenge my histori
cal statements, nor can you deny the
absolute accuracy of the imputations
brought against the Congress and
Executive of the United States in my
letter, to which yours of the 14th is
a reply.
The director of the United States
mint stated in his report for 1908
that “the government made, during
the year ending June 30, 1908, a
profit of $10,341,471. This repre
sents the difference between the cost
of the metals and their coinage
value.” Is this of no importance?
Why should the government “make
a profit” of 150 per cent, off the
American silver miner by legislative
enactment, any more than it should
make a profit by the same infamous
methods off the farmer or the plant
er? If the United States Government
makes a profit of ten million of dol
lars a. year, which is simply a plain
and unmitigated steal, off our indus
trious miners, you may be able to
compute by the rule of three, per
haps, the “profit” made by Euro
pean governments in the same easy
way, off the same class of American
workmen. For those governments
buy the silver bullion out of which
their coins are fabricated, in the
same markets and at the same price.
To look on every day without ob
servation or protest and see this in
famous bunco game going on, appa
rently by collusion between the dif
ferent governments, does not seem
to me to indicate a very deep interest
in “the defects of our financial sys
tem.”
Again, I need only to contrast the
article in your June number “On our
Trade with the Orient,” with Mr. J.
J. Hill’s article in the January num
ber on the same subject, to show to
an admiring clientele our confidence
in the discernment and disinterested
ness of the “World’s Work.” In your
article referred to, you skipped
around the outskirts of the course
with apparent intent to dig up some
other reason than the true one for
the loss of that trade. Not one word
about the difference in exchange be
tween the gold and the silver-using
countries, which Mr. Hill shows
plainly to be the real cause of its
loss, obviously brought about by the
elimination of the silver dollar by the
United States. This clear elucida
tion is purposely, it would be an in
sult to your intelligence to say ignor
antly, avoided in your financial arti
cles the same as the equally certain
and inevitable outcome of the re
covery of that trade by its restora
tion.
This is plainly the only way by
which it can be recovered, as inti-
mated by Mr. Hill, who still lacks
the courage of his convictions, and is
afraid to come out boldly and de
mand that the mints of the United
States be thrown open to the free
and unlimited coinage of the silver
dollar. In hoc signo vinces. Will
the “World’s Work” take up the
financial question from this point of
view? I venture to predict that, for
political reasons, it will not.
I would suggest a conference of
your editorial staff to consider these
different aspects of the financial
question which the “World’s Work”
has ignored or blindly overlooked.
Very truly yours,
L. E. PERKINS,
Vice-Prest U. S. Monetary League.
Edgar Allen Forbes, Managing Edi
tor “The World’s Work.”
Denver, Colo., Jan. 20, 1910.
1134 Josephine St.
EARN $7 DAILY SELLING
Finest and cheapest on earth. Write sot
Bpecia 1 agents and dealers terms. DR. HAUX
SPECTACLE CO,. Box 318 St- Lonis. Mo.
WITH LEE
IN VIRGINIA
The most interesting and readable
story of the Civil War ever published.
Large 12 mo. beautifully illustrated,
artistic binding. Mailed for only One
Dollar. Address
0. K. SUPPLY CO., Silver Creek, N. Y.
IT’S COMING
From Rich Banker to half-fed norses,
cattle and chickens, everything gets hit
by Panics; the poorer the man, the
harder the hit. Bankers, Merchants,
Farmers, All classes of VOTERS
should read “One Thousand Busted
Banks, or the Greatest Panic of the
Ages.” Send Fifty Cents to
N. J. McARTHUR, JJnion City, Ga.
HEAD & HEAD
Wholesale and Retail
SEEDSMEN
We sell Geo. H. Lee’s Incubators,
Brooders, and all his Poultry Supplies
at Factory Prices. Send us your or
ders for anything in this line, or any
kind of seeds.
HEAD & HEAD, Macon, Georgia.
1,000 MEN WANTED to sell galvanized
steel wire Fish-Traps on halves. Price
creek Traps $1; river Traps $2.50.
Write us. Liles & Co., Bivins, Texas.
Wanted Al Once-A Man
TO Make SIOO Per Month Above Expenses
innn MFN are now making big money with
I WV our Medicines, Extracts, Spices, Soaps,
Perfumes, To.let Articles, {Stock and Poultry Preparations,
Polishes, etc. We are one of tho largest importers and
manufacturers in the U. S. Our capital and surplus is
One Million Dollars. We make over 60 products, all guar
anteed. Our factories have over 3 acres of floor space.
WF NftUl VJAMT one ,nan * n each unoccupied
WKi 11 VW If MH I locality to take full charge of
all deliveries to farmers and others from a wagon similar
to the above; in short, a man able to take full charge of
everything pertaining to our business in his district. Not
every man can fill this position nor can wo afford to con
tract with one who is too extravagant or too old or too
young. We want to hear from men who have been fairly
successful—honest, industrious men who will be satisfied
to make not less than
SIOO Per Month Clear Profit
above expenses tho first year, SIBOO the second year, and
$2400 tho third year.
If you are fairly well acquainted in your locality and
you think you can fill tho position, lose no time in writing
us for full particulars as we are now rapidly filling all
vacant territory. \\ edo not wantto hear from men under
21 or over 50 years of ago, colored people, or women. To
get this position a man must bo able to furnish 1 or 2
horses to conduct tho business, also good business men as
ref erences. If you can not meet these requirements do not
write; if yon can meet them, write us; you are the man wo
are looking for. Tho position pays big is honorable and
permanent.
W.T. RAWLEEGH CO. 73 Liberty St. Freeport, HI.