PAGE TWELVE
How a Great Opportunity Was Frittered
Away
(Concluded from Page 9)
the national and state platforms of the party
commit all Democrats to that method of sup
plementing the revenues of the general Gov
ernment, the action of the Georgia Senate has
carried consternation into the ranks of those
who wish to place some of the burdens of ad
ministration upon the rich.
The unexpected action of the Georgia Sen
ate seriously involves Mr. Hoke Smith.
It is conceded that he had the Legislature
under his thumb. The Senate was his crea
ture. Mr. Burwell of Hancock was recog
nized as his devoted lieutenant. The regu
larity with which Mr. Burwell and his col
leagues trekked to Mr. Smith’s office and resi
dence was phenomenal. Apparently Mr. Bur
well and his following never indulged in a
single legislative sneeze until after Mr. Smith
had O. K.’d the snuff.
This notorious fact puts a big responsibility
on Mr. Smith. It gave him a golden oppor
tunity to do something for the dear people
who have no friend but him. He, as is well
known, is ex-officio guardian of our estate,
trustee of our interests, censor of our morals,
custodian of our honor, and, speaking broad
ly, our sole guide, philosopher and friend.
This being a universally accepted and joy
ous truth, it behooves Mr. Smith to be care
ful. Os the value of his services, we can only
judge by results.
(1) The Legislature being his, Mr. Smith
might have persuaded it, or ordered it, to pass
that anti-lobby bill which, in 1907, was to
have been his very first achievement. With
the lobbyists duly uniformed, tagged, brand
ed and belled, the obstacle to good legislation
would be swept out of the path. But alas!
We ain’t got no anti-lobby bill yet. Mr.
Smith, we seriously fear, is not so eager on
that subject as he once was.
(2) He might have spoken in favor of the
bill which proposed to make the big foreign
corporations pay more than pitiful little
taxes of from $lO to SIOO per year for the
privilege of raking millions of profits out of
this State. But instead of favoring this
equitable measure, which would have been of
vast benefit to our people, and an injustice to
nobody, he fought it savagely in his Atlanta
and killed it.
Mr. Smith is going to hear from the people
on this, when he offers himself for office
again.
(3) He might have said a word against
that Eminent Domain bill, which came so
near slipping through. Mr. Smith’s friends
in the Senate had voted for it, and it was on
its passage through the House. How was it
checked and scotched? Read this extract
from a very courteous letter written me by
Judge John I. Hall, railroad attorney —one
of their biggest and best:
“I was in Atlanta on last Monday to look after the
bill which had passed the Senate and it had gone to
the House. When 1 was told that you wished to be
heard on it the Chairman of the Committee on Rail
roads in the House stated that he could not hold a
committee together for a hearing on the bill, or on
any bill, as the House was in a great rush to get
through the bills in the last days of the session. When
some parties suggested that you were not a member of
the Legislature and could not demand a hearing, I re
plied that you were entitled to a hearing, that your
prominence justified you in making the request to be
heard and that that request should be granted, and
rather than there should be a failure to hear you I
thought it well for the bill to lie on the table until the
next session of the Legislature, and that direction was
given it.”
(4) Mr. Smith might have remembered the
repeated pledges of his party, and done a no
ble day’s work for his country by urging Mr.
Burwell and his other followers to ratify the
Income Tax amendment.
Had he done this, the friends of the com
mon people throughout the country would
have felt encouraged. In his failure to do a
thing for the Income Tax, or to say a word
Jeffersonian
in its favor in his Atlanta paper, the Joumal,
he has dismayed reformers everywhere, and
strengthened the lines of the millionaires who
want to escape taxation.
(I say “his Atlanta paper”, for the reason
that he appears to be securing control of'
weekly papers in various parts of the State.)
Here were four great, patriotic things that
Mr. Smith could have done. Had he been as
much of a statesman and-a patriot as his ad
mirers claim, that is the kind of work he
would have urged upon his responsive Legis
lature.
Instead of rising nobly to a noble oppor
tunity he stooped to petty spite-work, and
monopolized the time of the Legislature with
it. To wreak his vengeance upon McLendon,
Mr. Smith threw everything into turmoil,
blocking the road against more important
matters.
Practically the whole session was taken up
with this personal fight of the strong, gigan
tic man against. the pallid invalid whom
chronic rheumatism pinions to the roller
chair, —the fight of a very rich man to reduce
to destitution the family of a poor one.
And to accomplish his purpose, he indicted
his victim for one offense and convicted him
of another. The indictment was for an act
that was righteous; the conviction was based
upon an act which violated no law’.
gl ® ®
Father McDonnell’s Sermon
Preaching to an assemblage of Papa’s chil
dren in Washington City, the Rev. Eugene
McDonnell, S. J., said:
“The church is intolerant, as every man who knows
the truth is intolerant”
Is this sound doctrine? We cannot think
so. A man may know that 7 times 7 make
49, but he doesn’t feel the slightest inclination
to burn the man who is ignorant of the mul
tiplication table.
You may know that Eli Whitney invented
the cotton gin, and your neighbor may de
cide in favor of one of the other men who are
put forward as the inventors, but you don’t
go to war over this difference of opinion. In
matters of fact, where the error of him who
differs from us may be conclusively demon
strated, it would be altogether wrong, and
ruinous to the peace of society, to set up the
vicious principle of intolerance. If our neigh
bor hugs the delusion that the world is flat
and stationary,—that is his business, not ours.
We have no right to give him annoyance be
cause of his error, —much less to shoot him,
torture him, or burn him. But in matters of
opinion, where no proofs are possible and
where everything must be taken on faith, in
tolerance is a crime.
When John Henry Newman, the Church -
of-England luminary, took the short step that
landed him in the Catholic Church, all Prot
estant Europe regretted his loss; but nobody
cried, “Kill him!” On the contrary, when
ever a distinguished Catholic quits Papa’s
fold and becomes a Protestant, the Catholic
clergy invariably persecute him. They would
put him to death, if the public opinion of the
world had not progressed, in spite of Rome,
until intolerance dare not go to such extremes
as it did in the old days, when Protestants
waged war upon Catholics and Catholics
upon Protestants.
Nobody but a Catholic priest would at this
late day eulogize intolerance. Clergymen of
other denominations eschew it. But Father
McDonnell is true to the old fanatical tenets.
He would persecute, he would imprison, he
would torture, he woulcl burn.
Just such sermons as those which he is now
preaching, kindled the fires of the Thirty
Years’ War, inflamed the zeal of Torquemada,
and justified the butcheries of the Duke of
Alva. It is precisely the same evil spirit that
demonizes the Turk when he massacres
Armenians.
Realizing as we do, that the Roman hier
archy are making a dead-set at the United
States, we attach the greatest importance to
the propaganda of miracle-working and in
tolerant doctrine now’ in progress.
A sinister purpose is back of it all.
The Protestant clergy are strangely indif
ferent to what is going on.
®] ® ®
Johnson of the West
During the Presidential campaign last year,
we were impressed by the speeches of Gov
ernor Johnson, of Minnesota. They were
characterized by a breadth of view, a clear
ness and felicity of statement which remind
ed one of the public addresses of Abraham
Lincoln. On the tariff his expressions were
particularly luminous and satisfactory.
It is no surprise to us, therefore, to read the
speech he recently made, denouncing the
Payne-Aldrich tariff bill, which reduces the
tax on such articles as are seldom sold, and
advances the rates on what everybody has to
buy.
Realizing that the bill is just one more New
England drive at the agriculturists of the
South and West, Governor Johnson declares
that “Z7 7 IS TIME FOR THE WEST TO
THRO W OFF THE SHACKLES OF THE
EAST”.
So it is, —but how. Governor?
Stoop dowm, and whisper it softly in these
eager ears. We’re just dying to know how
you, or any other Democrat, proposes to
“throw off the shackles of the East”.
A few years ago, the farmers of the South
and West had, going like a tornado, a revolt
against the capitalists of the East. Bless
your sweet life! the Alliance had the “powers
that be” scared clean through. The People’s
party put the bloody shirt in the wash, en
tombed such “rebel skinners” as Senator In
galls, put the quietus on Southern politicians
who were not able to do anything more than
“pint with pride” to a war record, and dashed
into the electoral college with a fine showing,
at the first national election.
Ah, there was a movement which welded
South and West together, made the cause of
every farmer the cause of all, and put in
direst jeopardy “the shackles of the East”.
But, alas! for the country,—Gen. Weaver,
and Senators Allen, Peffer and Stewart, and
poor Jerry Simpson, listened to the siren
song of Fusion, and in spite of all that the
Mid-roaders could do, our magnificent alli
ance of South and West took the broad road
to ruin.
It wrings the heart yet, to think of it.
The fatal mistake having been made, over
Watson’s bitter protests and earnest warn
ings, he sacrificed pride and all, and did
everything in his power to convince Bryan
that his one chance to win lay in cutting
loose from the East, and lining up every Pop
ulist of the West.
But the bedazzled young man could not see
it. He left Watson to stump Western States
for him, while he himself rushed off to New
England to swap chin music with Sewall of
Maine! And to bask in the delusive mirage
of Harvard ovations!
No finer opportunity was ever thrown
away. No reform movement of greater prom
ise was ever led to an untimely grave.
But enough of that. What we want to
know now is, what is Governor Johnson’s
plan for throwing off the “shackles of the
East?”
Out with it, Governor!
Please don’t tell us that you want the peo
ple to give the Democrats another “chance”.
Please don’t do that, sir. We really don’t
want to leave the frying-pan, if we’ve got to
land in the fire again,—as in 1892.