Virginia has rejected the Income Tax
amendment, being the first State to absolutely
Virginia
Kills the
Income Tax.
have caused it to be circu
lated among people who don’t know better
that if such a law is passed, everybody will
have to “keep books”. Virginia has showed
not only unexpected and disappointing con
duct, but if her farming class can be misled
into petitioning against the Income Tax
there must be dense ignorance abroad in the
land.
Roosevelt, reaching civilization again, has
declined thus far to expatiate upon the po-
One
Policy
Common
to All.
communicate with Cardinal
Gibbons, Archbishop Farley and Rev. John
J. Dunn, director in New York Citv for the
‘Society for the Propagation of the Faith’
concerning a lecture he plans to give on the
work of the Franciscan mission in Africa”.
On his visit to the mission at Usambya,
Uganda, in British East Africa, he is quoted
as saying to the sister in charge: “Why.
pitch forks wouldn’t have kept me away. In
fact. I would have been afraid to go back to
the States if I hadn’t come to see you.”
Os course, he would have been afraid. The
United States is under such domination by
the Catholics that its “distinguished” Execu
tive, and his “distinguished predecessor”
Howling for More of Your Money
Here is a clause in a letter that our Baptist
Board is sending out from Richmond, Vir
ginia :
“A number of brethren and sisters are con
tributing good, large amounts; Some SIOO, the
salary of a native preacher in China; some S6OO,
the salary of a single missionary for a year; one
has given $500; another $2,000, another $3,000,
another agrees to give $2,000 a year for five years.
One brother sends $5,000 a year. It is glorious
how some are honoring God. God gave His Son.
He loves this work. Let us show our love to
Him.”
This blasphemous, canting whine is signed,
‘•R. J. Willingham, Corresponding Secre
tary. ’ Besides this well-paid Brother, there
is an “Editorial Secretary”, a “Field Secre
tary’, an “Educational Secretary”, a “Treas
urer”, and a whole raft of clerks, stenogra
phers, etc., etc.
That unscriptural Board costs the Baptists
of the South SII,OOO in Secretarial salaries
alone, to say nothing of clerical expenses,
postage, printing bills and travelling ex
penses.
Why, every time that Brother Smith, or
Willingham, or Porter, or Ray, or Gwathmey
wander about the country, for the good of the
“cause”, the railroad tickets, hotel bills, cab
fare, etc., are charged up to the money 'which
the churches collect for the heathen.
And the proportion of your money spent in
publishing papers, magazines, pamphlets,
tracts, and circular letters would amaze you,
if you knew it. Thus a part of your contri
bution to the heathen is spent on printed ap
peals to you, to give more.
Doesn’t it beat Bobtail?
You cough up $lO, for the heathen; and
at least one-fourth of this will be spent on
literature, whose aim is to make you cough
up a good deal more.
That SIOO salary for the native preacher
in China looks little, doesn’t it? Well, don't
forget that he can live on $lO a year. He can
provision his whole family for S4O a year.
The S6OO paid the American missionary is
equal to $3,000 in this country. And the offi-
reject it. Georgia did not
ratify, but held the matter
open for “further considera
tion”. Enemies of the bill
litical situation, but hasn’t
been nearly so reticent on
other topics. He has an
nounced that one of the first
things he will do will be “to
C>be Jeffersonian
wouldn’t dare take a deep breath without
first consulting Cardinal Gibbons.
Taft may have pitched overboard some of
the junk left by Theodore, but he has never
abandoned the Roosevelt policy of truckling
to the Catholic vote I
Jawn D. is said to be pained at the criti
cisms leveled at the Rockefeller “foundation”
Grieved at
Criticism.
One of his “friends” gave out the following
slush the other day:
“Mr. Rockefeller’s sole idea is to so use the
great fortune he has accumulated that it will
work for the uplift of humanity along lines which
appeal to him as a shrewd business man and a
close student of sociological conditions.
His idea is that tffe truest charity is the
widening of opportunity and the better fighting
to men to take advantage of opportunity. It is
solely with the idea of doing this that the foun
dation is proposed.
To those who have the privilege of knowing
Mr. Rockefeller intimately, it is no news that he
is naturally an altruist. The accumulation of
wealth is and always has been with him merely
an incident, not an end. That he has accumu
lated perhaps the greatest individual fortune in
the world is due simply to his wonderful power
of organization and his ability to turn great
dreams into reality.
‘His pleasure has been in the accomplishment
of his plans regardless of the financial results.
“The same brain which brought his great Stan
dard Oil business to perfection has planned out
the work of the Rockefeller foundation and if it
is permitted that these plans shall be worked out,
untold good will result to mankind.”
From the day when Rockefeller “began life
with fifteen cents in his pocket” to the pres-
cial reports show that the missionaries don’t
“win souls” at any such low price as S6OO a
year. The girls generally get from SSOO to
$750; and the men from $750 to SI,OOO.
Some parts of the Willingham letter are
positively nauseating.
“It is glorious how some are honoring 1
God.”
How ? By supporting all these expensive
Boards? By financing such fellows as Wil
liam T. Ellis? By sending SI,OOO bells to
the heathen? By teaching them how to do
stunts on gymnastic poles? By plugging
their rotting teeth? By purchasing “Our
dear little Dora”?
“God gave His Son.”
That is sheer blasphemy! What! Com
pare Christ and His sacrifice to the paying
of salaries to maintain missionary maga
zines, missionary Boards, missionary naptha
launches and houseboats, missionary drug
stores, missionary farming, blacksmithing,
and carpentering?
“He” (God) “loves this work.” How does
Dr. Willingham know that?
He hasn’t blessed it very much. And the
missionaries themselves have no confidence in
it, for they dare not leave it to “stand alone”.
They know that their alleged “converts”
would relapse, and become what their fathers
were, if the missionary and his disburse
ments should come away.
The Baptist Flag
Is the name of a paper published at Ful
ton, Kentucky. Its name indicates its char
acter.
On the Missionary question, it stands
where Paul stood—where all Christians stood
for eighteen hundred years.
It doesn’t claim to know more about
Christ’s intention, when He issfied the com
mand “Go ye”, than did the disciples who
walked and talked with Him.
The price is $1.50 a year. And it is a far
better paper than The Christian Bell and
Graham Index.
and about ready to abandon
the plan. •Alas, that any one
should so hurt the dear, good
man.
ent, about fifty years have elpased. During
all this time, gold poured into his coffers at
an ever-increasing rate. While contemplat
ing his lovely scheme of benevolence, each
winter there has shivered at his very door a
bread-line of starving and exhausted human
beings waiting patiently through hours of
weariness and cold for a hunk of bread and a
cup of slop called coffee, their only sustenance
that day, and no hope for anything on the
morrow except the same pitiful mid-night ra
tion. And this bread-line was but an inci
dent. Men and women perished, unable to
get work. Babies suffered and died for lack
of a little food. Thousands of children grov
elled in the slums, growing into hopeless
cripples for lack of air, of nourishment, of
medicine that would have saved them to use
ful and happy futures. Women have sold
themselves from sheer inability to be honest,
and live. Uncounted thousands have killed
themselves, in despair. With his “genius for
organization , and with his millions, he could
have put life and hope into thousands who
perished while his money piled up. He could
have sent the jobless man to the manless job,
he could have planted contented homes, he
could have saved incalculable suffering.
What he gives away now of his stolen goods
can never alter the abhorrent fact that if he
had made money honestly he wouldn’t have
a colossal fortune to dispose of: and if he had
possessed a ray of real feeling for his fellow
man, he could have displayed it to far more
purpose than in attempting to erect a monu
ment to himself now.
He is old, and must before long go the way
of all flesh. And from his filthy claws no
self-respecting institution can afford to take
his “gifts”.
In the City and State of Him, the
Said William T. Ellis
At the Bible Conference (God help us!)
in the Baptist Tabernacle of Atlanta, the
Pennsylvanian who is said to be the Editor
of one of the Philadelphia papers, poured out
such a torrent of abuse of me that some of it
was an insult to the ladies who heard it. Dr.
Broughton not only imported Ellis to de
nounce and villify me, but boasted of the fact
that Ellis had come at the personal request
of himself, Broughton.
Why is Dr. Broughton so enraged against
me that he must bring a Pennsylvania man
to assist him in assailing me?
Has the Doctor no sufficient words of his
own? Cannot he, himself, do the subject jus
tice? Can Ellis find more epithets of vitu
peration than are accessible to Broughton?
Is it in good taste to hire a Northern Nobody
to abuse a Southern gentleman?
What have I done, to incur all this ma
lignant denunciation? Have I robbed the
helpless masses out of countless millions, as
“Brother” Rockefeller did?
Have I swindled the Government, and had
my employees shot down like dogs, as
“Brother” Morgan’s Steel Trust has done?
Have I sent boats to destroy the ice of the
Hudson, so that I might become an Ice King
and issue orders that were death warrants to
pitiful little babes and sucklings— as did that
monster, C. 17. Morse, BOR WHOSE PAR
DON CHILDREN ARE BEING PER
SUADED TO PRAY?
No: the “Unco guid and rigidly righteous”
are not inflamed against me for any such
common and tolerated offenses as those.
My offense is that I volunteered to take the
case of clients 'who are too poor to hire a law
yer—too unorganized to resist the invasion
of fanaticism. I dared to say that it is a
Crime against our own Destitute, Illiterate,
and Irreligious, to be drawing away into dis-
(continued on page thirteen)
PAGE FIVE