Cfye Jeffersonian
\ X s '
Vol. 7, Number 18
cH WORD TO YOU, PARTNER!
You Must Hold Up Your
End of the Stick in
This Tote
Li
(1) To win a triumph for the ideals of the Old South— in
public and private life. Those ideals placed Character above
wealth, Duty above pleasure, above policy, Right
above self-interest. The salvation of our country depends upon
the restoration of those lofty standards.
(2) To compel those<n office to redeem campaign pledges,
earn their wages, and work for the general good of the country.
(3) To impeach a few of the District Attorneys and Fed
eral Judges, and thus awe the others into a wholesome fear of
the people. If you will help me change the make-up of the
Georgia delegation, I mean to impeach a certain couple of
these gentlemen, at the next session of Congress, after the No
vember elections.
(4) To arouse every neighborhood to a sense, of Christian
responsibility for the needy of THAT neighborhood. We
must give all of our boys and girls an education. We must not
allow the poor to starve. We must visit the sick; we must feed
the hungry; we must clothe the naked; we must help every one
who needs it and who is willing, if able, to help himself.
(5) To check the crazy doings of Foreign Missions. We
must put that work back on the plan which was in operation
for eighteen hundred years after Christ. We must cut out the
subsidy that goes to the “convert”, the luxurious living which
the missionary and his family enjoy. This two-homes busi
ness, with “at least three servants”; and a salary equal to $3,000,
in this country, is not Scriptural, and must be abandoned. If
the heathen won’t accept the Gospel as Paul preached it, let
them alone; what’s the use of all this money and belly-ache
about them now? Hadn’t we better “convert” a few of our
black-sheep church members, and the 60,000,000 Americans
who don’t profess religion ?
(6) To do what is in me to divorce our Government from
the Catholic hierarchy. Their greedy hands are continually
in our National Treasury; and they are constantly pussy-foot
ing in the corridors of our State Department. Even in Geor
gia, they comped our Public School authorities to violate the
law, by turning over our school-money to the parachial schools.
Those Catholic schools constitute one of the gravest dangers
to our future; and they have no legal right to a dollar of State
money, or national funds. Yet they draw from both sources.
We must try to put men in office who will have the courage to
combat the encroachments of the Catholic priests.
(7) To do away with class legislation, and bring about a
reign of genuine democracy.
This is an ambitious program; but we can work it out, if
you’ll do your part. If you’ll help me change the make-up of
the Southern delegations in Congress, you will put a power in
my hands that will be religiously used for the general welfare
of the country. If you will just aid me to turn out the Do-
OOK here, Reuben, I’m expecting you to hold up your
end of the stick, in this tote. Unless you do, I’m
powerless to aid you.
But if Old Brother Peepul will just help me, I’m
going to have certain things go differently, in the
future. Here are some of the purposes to which
the remaining years of my life will be CONSE
CRATED:
Ga., Thursday, May 5,
nothings of the Georgia delegation, The Jeffs would immedi
ately be recognized and deferred to in governmental circles.
Just give me the power, Boys! You'll see things change for
the better, if you will only do your share.
JOHN LEE GIVES THE FARMERS
SOME FOOLISH ADVICE
A
NY one who has travelled the great Mississippi Val
ley knows that our section cannot grow corn and
wheat in competition with such States as Missouri,
Kansas, lowa and Nebraska. Those lands can just
as easily produce sixty-five bushels of corn, per acre,
as ours can yield six or eight bushels per acre. The
Mississippi Valley, however, is not the region where
cotton is most at home. Ours, is the natural monopoly of rais
ing the fleecy staple.
If we had an equitable system of exchange, it would pay
us to grow nothing but cotton, and to exchange it With the
West, which would supply us with serials and hay. Under our
present unjust system of exchange, it undoubtedly pays our
Southern farmers to raise a certain amount of food-stuffs at
home. But to cut out cotton, altogether, would be simply
idiotic.
Suppose our farmers should adopt the counsel of the sim
ple-headed, Boston-raised John Lee, and should plant every
acre in corn. What would we do with the surplus? Could we
pay our debts with it? Certainly not.
It is to the interest of the cotton seed oil mill men to have
us grow the usual crop of cotton. Consequently, intelligent
selfishness prompts them to shut down their crushers, and to
offer planting seed to the Southern farmers at reasonable prices.
The intelligent selfishness of the farmers should prompt
them to accept the proposition, and re-plant the fields with
cotton.
The extent to which the cold snap has killed the cotton has
been grossly exaggerated. But even if the reports at first sent
out were confirmed by later dispatches, it would be to the in
terest of the Southern farmers to re-plant their fields in cotton.
Ts such simpletons as Boston John Lee are to give advice
to the farmers, and they act on it, they will soon find them
selves in a financial corner where they won’t have room to
grunt.
USING MISSION FUNDS TO BUY UP
CHILDREN IN HINDUSTAN, ALSO !
A
FRIEND sends a clipping taken from The Christian
Herald, of New York Citv. The date is April 20,
1910.
It contains a letter written from Medak, India, by
Missionary Charles AV. Posnett to the paper named.
Brother Posnett wrote to The Christian Herald
stating his belief that “a letter from one of our med-
e V..'
ical missionary women . . . will lie of interest”. The said
letter was then produced. It was very interesting, indeed.
The story was that the purchase of a little Hindoo girl, who
is to be tenderly reared at your expense in the missionary or
phange.
Her name is Veeranima. The price paid for her is not re
vealed. That was awfully unfair in Brother Posnett. If your
missionary money is to be used to buy little niggers “all over
(continued on page seven)
Price, Five Cents