as E. Watson Gates. Hoping to hear from
you soon, I remain your friend,
MRS. DELLA GATES.
(Note: This Kansas namesake is nearer the
Yellowstone Park than any other.)
FROM OLD MASSACHUSETTS.
Boston, Mass., Dec. 5, 1907.
Dear Sir: You will find enclosed $2.15,
for which I want my subscription to the
monthly Jeffersonians renewed and a copy of
the last July number of 1907 and also the
weekly Jeffersonian. If there is any more
due you on a year’s subscription to the week
ly, write and let me know and I will remit it
to you. I am, sir,
LEROY T. GARDNER.
10 Oswald St., Roxbury, Mass.
HAVE SLIDED IT.
• Standard, La., Dec. 10, 1907.
Enclosed please find postoffice order, for
which you will slide up my subscription to
weekly Jeffersonian one year and greatly
oblige. Yours truly,
' T. W. HARPER, M. D.
ANOTHER THREE-YEAR SUBSCRIBER.
Americus, Ga., Dec. 19, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find my check for $3
in payment of subscription to magazine for
three years as per terms offered.
You might also send me any other old thing
that Mr. Watson writes and draw on me for
the price until further order, or until he shall
undergo a change of views and style.
Respectfully,
J. A. HIXON.
SUPREME COURT JUDGE LIKES IT.
Atlanta, Ga., Dec. 21, 1907.
■ Dear Sir: I herewith enclose my check for
$2 in payment of one year’s subscription to
the weekly Jeffersonian and Watson’s Jeffer
sonian Magazine. Please send them to me h
care Supreme Court, Atlanta.
Yours truly,
WM. H. FISH.
FROM CHARLIE DAVIDSON.
Hood River, Oregon, Dec. 5, 1907.
My dear Sir: Enclosed I send P. O. money
order for one dollar and fifty cents, for which
send the monthly Jeffersonian magazine one
year to A. A. Joyne at Hood River, Oregon.
Credit the subscription to Jos. Carson, Jr.,
who is working for a book premium. Mr.
Jayne is a lawyer and this subscription is the
result of sample copy you sent him recently in
response to list I sent you. I have heard sev
eral responses and feel sure you will get some
subscribers when young Carson gets in motion.
Yours respectfully,
CHARLIE DAVIDSON.
AN ESTEEMED ARKANSAS FRIEND.
Center Hill, Ark., Dec. 12, 1907.
Dear Sir and Brother: Enclosed find P.
O. money order for $2.50, for which please
move my date to January 1, 1909, for both
the monthly and weekly, and should I fail
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
to renew at the proper time, write and find out
whether I am living or dead, for I expect to
take both as long as I live or as long as you
publish them for I surely enjoy reading your
editorials. Shall not take time and space to
tell you how much I appreciate your work,
but refer to page 1105 of the November mag
azine and you can see, for I say, Amen, to
what J. A. Seaboro says.
I do hope and pray that the principles that
you advocate will triumph while I am living.
Very respectfully, your friend,
L. G. CANFIELD.
ALSO DOUBLES, AND GETS BOTH.
Owlston, Ga., Dec. 9, 1907.
Dear Sir: Enclosed find money order for
$2 for which please renew my Jeffersonian
magazine and send me also the Jeffersonian
weekly one year. I want both Jeffersonians
for 1908. Yours truly,
WM. ELLINGTON. ~
A PROPHECY.
Grundy, Va., Nov. 16, 1907.
Dear Mr. Watson: The two editorials in
your weekly for November 7, on “Wall Street
Heroes,” and “The R. F. D. Snub,” are worth
the price of a year’s subscription to the jour
nal. I prophesy that when you have passed
to your eternal reward the National R. F.
D. Carriers will erect a monument to your
memory, as Father of the R. F. D. System,
in the Capital City of our country. •
Sincerely,
J. L. KIBLER.
THE TEXAS WAR-HORSE—MALLETT.
Cleburne, Texas, Dec. 24, 1907.
Dear Sir: I am sending you today a Christ
mas present, in the way of my own renewal
and two new subscribers. I am ready now,
and have been for more than thirty years, in
full harness, for the principles you are filling
your publications with. They must come if
liberty lives. I believe there is more truth
to the square inch in your two Jeffersonians
than in any other publication I know. I have
been forced to suspend my own paper, The
Watchman, but shall do all I can to help you
and others spread the light.
The boys here have been asleep, but the
notes from St. Louis are waking them up and
I hope to meet you there in April. May God
bless you in your efforts for the political re
generation of our great country.
Place the names here enclosed with proper
credits from January 1, 1908, to January 1,
□ 909. Yours for victory,
J. M. MALLETT.
Ex-editor Watchman.
*
AN OLD-FASHIONED DEMOCRAT.
Clarksburg, W. Va., Dec. 31, 1907.
Dear Sir: There is no journal or periodical
I read with more pleasure than your valuable
magazine. I am an old-fashioned Jefferson
ian States Rights Democrat. Your writings—
Stoy of Fance, Life of Napoleon, Bethany
and Life and Times of Thomas Jefferson —
grace the shelves of my library, and have been
read with delight. I hope your Life and Times
of Andrew Jackson will be published in book
form. More than ever is it true that “eternal
vigilance is the price of liberty,” and that
“a frequent recurrence to first principles is
essential to the preservation of free govern
ment.” Yous tuly,
JNO. J. DAVIS.
DR. ALLEN GOES ON FOR THREE YEARS.
Milledgeville, Ga., December 18, 1907.
Dear Sir: Please find enclosed $3, for which
put me down for three years’ subscription to
the Jeffersonian Magazine. I hope I will not
miss a single copy of the magazine, as I en
joy them vey much. With kind egads. I am.
Yours truly,
H. D. ALLEN.
LOOSENING THEIR HIDES.
Eden, Fla., December 27, 1907.
Dear Sir: According to a suggestion in your
last Weekly Jeffersonian, I send you a new
subscription for the coming year. I hope to
have more leisure a little later, and will de
vote some time especially to getting some new
subscribers for your paper. I was astonished
to find that so many Republicans and Demo
crats that seemed “hide-bound,” and past
redemption, should enjoy your editorials so
much. If their reason is still in working or
der, all that is necessary is to get them to
read. With best wishes, I am,
Your friend,
M. B. DANIEL.
HERE’S A NOBLE EXAMPLE.
Canton, Ga., December 19, 1907.
My Dear Sir: Enclosed you will find check
for $1.50 for renewal of my subscription to
your monthly magazine. I could not afford
to take any commission from you, when you
are doing so many great things for the peo
ple. I hope I will live to see you at the head
of this government. I will try to get you
some new subscribers in a few days.
Truly your friend,
JEFFERSON BELL.
R. F. D. 1.
AN OLD FRIEND.
Blythe, Ga., December 21, 1907.
Dear Sir: I enclose money order for sl, for
which I renew my subscription to the Weekly
Jeffersonian. I have been a Watson man ever
since you made the race against the Hon.
Geo. T. Barnes. Wishing you a merry Christ
mas and a happy New Year.
D. P. BLACKSTON.
* UI ■
The “light affliction” is, to many people,
a heavy burden and a cross; to others it is
an “eternal weight of glory.” It all de
pends on the character of the one who is un
der the weight.
A man’s attitude toward God may he told
by the rest fulness of his inner spirit, his abil
ity to rest. And more, a man’s attitude to
ward God’s rest day tells to men his attitude
toward God.—S. D. Gordon.
PAGE ELEVEN