every lawful dollar of the government money,
it is almost impossible to believe they could
be tolerated. I thought Bryan was just what
he appeared to be, a man for the best interest
of the people and our country, but from a
money standpoint Mr. Bryan, in my opinion,
is the heaviest millstone to the necks of the
producing class, and is the most valuable as
set to the national banks and money power, of
any other man in this land of ours today, on
account of his mistaken ideas of money, and
his great following of deluded voters.
I feel that the people’s cause of freedom
from the money power is a lost cause until
the people themselves shall know how they
are made slaves by law which they them
selves sanction. If they get enough to live
on decently they are getting more than be
longs to them under the law that Congress has
made to regulate the value of a Hat dollar or
lawful dollar. All money of whatever kind
and denomination is as rigid as the multipli
cation table, and should do the same legiti
mate work for the whole people, and the con
stitution of the United States does not give
Congress the power to make a law that a dol
lar is only one dollar for the producers of
real wealth, and then for a special few that
never produce enough to keep life in tneir
bodies one minute call the same dollar ten
dollars and twenty-six cents, thus stealing by
law all the produce from the producers that
is represented with money.
' JOHN P. SHAW.
Bridgeton, N. J.
A GOOD SUGGESTION.
Dublin, Ga., July 5, 1908.
Mr. T1 10s. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: I notice a movement on foot to
build a great highway from Washington to
Gettysburg as a Lincoln Memorial.
In view of Lincoln’s views about paper mon
ey, it would be eminently proper if this road
could be built with legal tender treasury
notes. Respectfully,
J. B. CRESWELL.
A NEBRASKA POPULIST RAPS BRYAN.
The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
The Jecersonian, Thomson, Ga.
Will you insert a notice in your paper ask
ing Nebraska Populists who wish to vote the
Populist ticket this fall to send their names
to me at Sterling?
And so Bryan now tells us that the banking
system must be maintained and the govern
ment guarantee the business of those Wall
Street plunderers. And then, to cap the cli
max, he favors an asset currency. When the
farmers demanded government loans on good
security, which the farmers of other nations
enjoy, England even loaning money to buy a
home with, they were howled down as fanatics
and anarchists but today, for the mere asking,
the national bankers have been granted the
privilege of issuing currency on notes of those
same farmers as security. And not an old
party paper raises its voice in opposition I It
is time we stopped and asked, “Where am 1
at?” When the bankers can loan money to
a farmer at eight per cent, take the note to
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
the government and secure thirty per cent of
it in money to again be loaned and the note
taken to the government for currency. If it
took half a million to purchase the demonetiza
tion of silver, how much must it have taken
to buy this piece of rotten jobbery? I be
lieve the recent panic was the result of a con
spiracy to force the Vreeland bill and a guar
antee of deposits law through congress: Eith
er of the older parties •will continue to in
crease this banking power, so let us be up and
fighting for our rights. Yours truly,
ALLEN L. POWELL.
AT THE MERCY OF WALL STREET.
Following is from the Omaha World-Herald :
No citizen desiring an understanding of
just what congress did in passing the Aldrieh-
Vreeland bill can allow the editorial published
in the Philadelphia North American to go un
read. That is one of the very few big repub
lican newspapers that are not edited from
Wall Street.
The gallant fight the North American made
against the infliction of this monstrous out
rage on the American people entitles it to a
nation’s gratitude, even though it was a losing
fight, like LaFollette’s.
We ask our readers to bear in mind that it
is a fearless and honest republican newspaper
that characterizes this currency bill congress
has passed as “embodying every rotten Wall
Street device that lay in the earlier bills, and
discarding every amendment for the protection
of honest banking and legitimate business.;”
that declares it is a “stab at the commerce of
the country;” that asserts it was “foisted
upon the people at the dictates of Wall
Street” and brands it as “a mongrel, hybrid,
cheating, swindling thing.”
We ask our readers to remember that it
is a republican newspaper that admits this
law “will mean the turning over of the treas
ury of the United States to the gamblers of
the New York stock exchange for a period of
six years;” that it is a republican newspaper
asserting “it will mean the making of ‘good
times’ and ‘bad times,’ of ‘bull’ markets and
‘bear’ markets according to the pleasure of
Rogers and Rockefeller in the National City
bank, and J. P. Morgan in the National Bank
of Commerce. ’ ’
This is what a republican congress has
given the country as an “emergency ” meas
ure?
TLe same men who prepared it, and had the
nerve to push it through congress on the eve
of a general election, are now at the head of
the commission that will prepare a permanent
currency bill. These men are Aldrich, of
Standard Oil, and Vreeland, the New York
banker. The bill they prepare will be enacted
into law, after election, if the republican party
continues to control congress and ele«ts the
next president.
If the Aldrich-Vreeland bill is what they
gave us as a “temporary” law, and in advance
of election, what, in God's name, would they
give us for a permanent law, after election,
when they need no longer fear the wrath of a
betrayed people? —North American Review.
Epilepsy,
Fits
Convulsions, or Spasms
and St. Vitus’ Dance are
Nervous Diseases. Most
cases can be cured by
strengthening and build
ing up the nervous system.
To do this a nerve medi
cine is needed. Dr. Miles’
Nervine will be found
efficacious and satisfac
tory. It has cured many
cases of these diseases
and we believe it will
cure you. We can give
you names of many who
have been cured through
its use. Write for advice.
“My son John had epilepsy for years,
and after having him treated by
specialists for over 2 years he still
continued to have spells. I had al
most given up in despair, but' know
ing the virtue of Dr. Miles’ Anti-Pain
Pills for sidk headache, I concluded to
try the Nervirfe. During June, 1506, I
gave him a teaspoonfdl three times a
day, then in July I gave it as directed,
and I could see that he was improving,
and he has not had a spell since
August 28, 1906, and has taken no
medicine since Jan.-07. I am writing
the case just as it is hoping it will
indueb others to try it.”
W. R. ALLISON, Mooresville, N. C.
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Nerv
ine, and we authorize him to return
price of first bottle (only) if It falls
to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
FOR SALE CHEAP
One 70-saw Winship gi»n, condenser, and
feeder; one 5 1-2 inch pin self-tramping press;
shafting, belting and pulleys complete; in good
condition; 12-horsepower engine and boiler, all
in good running condition. Will sell engine
separate, or other parts separate, or all to
gether, to suit purchaser. Machinery is at
Alto, Ga. Correspond with S. J. Duffee, 425
Hiawassee Ave., Athens, Ga.
cured; quick relief; removes all swell
lILFII Kr V V ing in Bto 20 days; 30 to 60 days effects
| J 1111 IJ I permanent cure. Trial treatment givep
free to sufferers; nothing fairer. For
circulars, testimonials and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN'S SONS, Box K, Atlanta, Ga.
4A POST CAROS
XV And Your Name X Hljlj
Tn our Post Card Exchange, if you send ten
cents for three months’ subscription to The
Rural Georgian, The Great Department Month
ly. You will be pleased. THE RURAL GEOR
GIAN, Gainesville, Ga.
FOUND!
One of the best Commission Houses for you
to ship your Peaches, Pears. Watermelons,
Lopes, and everything in this line to. Write
them today. They are
HEWITT & COMPANY.
10 East Camden St. Baltimore, Md.
PAGE ELEVEN