PAGE TWELVE
DID YOU SEND A TELEGRAM?
(Continued from Page Nine.)
English that you will remember it against
them always, if they vote with the Trust and
the Republicans. The lumber kings are let
ting no grass grow under their feet. They
give banquets, hire lobbyists, and send showers
of telegrams.
Senator D. U. Fletcher of Florida is one
of the champions of the Trust in its light on
the Democratic platform and on the people
who must buy lumber. Fletcher receives
lumber trust telegrams, asking for tariff duties
on foreign lumber and Fletcher has these tele
grams printed in the Congressional Record.
On April 30, he had the shamelessness to
produce a telegram from the Alger-Sullivan
Lumber Co., of Century, Fla., demanding
tariff duties on lumber.
Who and what is the Alger-Sullivan Lumber
Co.?
IT IS A REPUBLICAN COMBINE, whose
owners are Northern capitalists,—the leading
man being the notorious old blackmailer of the
nasty “TOWN TOPICS,” which was punished
in the. courts, a few days ago, with a verdict
of $40,000 damages, for trying to blast the good
name of an honorable man and innocent
woman. The name of this vile old blackmailer
is W. D. Mann. Senator Fletcher might be
better engaged than in legging for such
Yankee capitalists as these when they besiege
Congress, asking for a license-to-rob the com
mon people of the country.
r r r
A Temperance Sermon.
Last year the Jeffersonian published a brief
editorial entitled The Wine Cup. It struck a
popular chord, and was copied throughout the
Union. From this country it went to Europe,
and so far as we know is still on its travels.
An old friend, writing to us a few weeks
ago, expressed the wish for another article on
Temperance.
Well, here is another. We were on the cars
going to Atlanta, our companion being the
best physician in Middle Georgia. The door
at the upper end of the coach was thrust open,
and in came the boy, with his arms full of
small black bottles, crying,—“lce cold Coca-
Cola!” The doctor paused in his talk, glanced
at the boy, and remarked to us, in a tone of
quiet, deep conviction,
“That stuff is doing more harm than all the
barrooms did.”
In former years, soda water and other harm
less drinks were sold on the cars. You won’t
find any of them now. Coca-Cola has driven
them out. Every train is a Coca-Cola distribu
tor, —every passenger coach a purveyor of hell.
Never, until the advent of that insidious foe
of the human mind and morals, did anybody
ever witness the shocking spectacle of white
ladies, with up-turned bottles at their mouths,
swilling a pernicious tipple in public.
Any man, woman, boy or girl who tampers
with Coca-Cola will form the Coca-Cola habit.
Any man, woman, boy or girl who has become
a slave to the Coca-Cola habit is on the road
to ruin.
The appetite, like the whiskey thirst, will
establish a mastery over the victim. It will
demand more and MORE. It will go from
one glass per day to two, and from two to
four, and from four to eight, and from eight to
sixteen.
It will injure the eyes, wreck the nerves,
weaken the brain, loosen the moral structure.
it were better that your boy were a urunka. •
than a Coca-Cola fiend. In the one case there
is always hope of reformation: in the other
there semom is. oad as it would be for your
daughter to drink wine, far worse is it for her
to be the slave of Coca-Cola.
What cowards and hypocrites we are! Any
of us can preach against John Barleycorn, damn
“the demon, Rum,” and bang the bar-rooms:—
but who dares to go up against a worse foe to
'Cbe Jeffersonian
humanity’s future than even John B. has been?
Nobody.
WHY? (We would like for the W. C. T. U.
to think it over and tell us what is the answer
to this last question, because we want to be
certain that, when we answer it, we’ll do so
correctly.)
m n
"‘Because I Lobe Her.”
An Austrian youth, wearing the captivating
title of Count, ran through with his money,
got head-over-heels in debt, and of course be
gan to look around to see what American girl
was in the market for another brilliant inter
national Carriage—such as ugly, stupid Anna
Gofild made with the unspeakable Boni
Castellane.
Well, the eagerly searching paze of the
young and hard-up Austrian Count fell upon
Miss Nora Iselin, of New York. She is said
to be pretty and is known to be rich. Or her
papa is, which answers just as well, for in
these cases the foreign noblemen touch the
American girls and the girls do the rest.
Miss Nora took hold of papa’s leg and
pulled as the sailors pull, and the result was
that old man Iselin settled two million dollars
on this hard-up Austrian Count, whose name,
by the bye, is Colloredo-Mansfeld. Had he not
had a double-barrelled surname old man Iselir
might have got him for half the money. But
the Count of the hyphenated entrimmins stood
out for a cool two millions, and finally old man
Iselin “gin in.” After which he immediately
went to bed, giving it out that he was sick.
The young folks were of course highly de
lighted at papa’s capitulation. That it caused
him an indisposition was a negligible detail.
Nora was glad that she, like Anna Gould, had
secured a Count. And Colloredo-Mansfeld
was over-joyed that he like little Boni Castel
lane, had coralled American millions.
After the Austrian Count had been assured
of his money, and after he had. in consequence
of that pleasing information, confirmed the
trade with Nora, a newspaper man asked him
why he was marrying Miss Iselin. And the
Count answered; “Because I love her.”
And he did not fall down and die! Poor
Ananias.
h n
'Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
One of the hardest blows ever dealt the
anti-trust law was given it a tew days ago by
the U. S. Supreme Court.
The opinion of the ablest lawyers in the
country is that it knocks the commodities
clause of the Hepburn law higher than a kite.
The commodities clause was intended to pre
vent one corporation from holding stock in
another. It’s main object was to prevent cer
tain railroads that traverse the coal belt own
ing the coal mines and controlling the supply
and price of coal, and to prevent the Standard
Oil Co., which owns most of the oil fields, from
owning the railroads which traverse that belt
and shutting out other railroads that were
willing to compete in freignt rates.
Practical.y the same question was involved
in the Northern Securities case. In that case
two parallel and competing railroad lines
wished to consolidate. To evade the anti
trust law. they formed, under the laws of New
Jersey, a holding company (The. Northern
Securities Co.), which took over the stock of
both roads.
The Supreme Court decided this was illegal.
But in this last decision the Court leaves
the impression that it has reversed itself and
decided that such a combination is legal.
It appears that under this decision one
corporation may own another corporation, of a
different kind.
For instance, the coal carrying railroads may
own the coal fields of Pennsylvania, Illinois
and West Virginia by owning a company of a
different name which owns the coal fields.
The Oil Trust, which owns the oil fields may
own the railroad which hauls its oil by owning
the company which owns the railroad.
In other words, just so the Trusts beat the
devil around the stump, it is legal says the
Supreme Court.
n
The majority of Congressmen are lawyers,
and are supposed to be able lawyers.
Did it ever strike you as being strange that
this number of lawyers would fail to see the
defects in a law that a high priced corporation
lawyer sees at a glance?
Can’t one of our able Congressmen frame a
law that will stick?
Do they really want to frame a law regulat
ing corporations, or do they “wink ’ at the
flaws ?
Only two answers can be made.
One is that if the several hundred lawyers in
Congress who are there to represent the people
can not make a law that a corporation lawyer
shoots to pieces at the first shot, they are a
weak lot.
The other is that some of the ablest of the
people’s representatives are also representing
the corporations and purposely overlook the
defects.
Because the silver service which the State
of Mississippi will present to the battle-ship
Mississippi has engraved on some of the pieces
the likeness of Jefferson Davis, a few rabid
persons North of Mason and Dixon’s line want
the Secretary of the Navy to refuse to let
the presentation be made, unless the engraving
is left oft.
Several would-be “Statesmen” also think it a
crime to let a piece of silver that bears the
likeness of the late president of the Confed
eracy be on a United States battleship.
One of this crowd is Congressman Hollings
worth, of Ohio.
And one of the best replies to Hollingsworth
is made by the “Cleveland Plain Dealer, of
Cleveland, Ohio.
Says the Plain Dealer:
“A bold and righteous patriot is this Ohio
Congressman ! But, seriously, what harm could
possibly be done if Mississippi should present
the portrait of her distinguished son to the
vessel named in her honor? Does the Buckeye
member fear that the officers and men of the
battleship will be encouraged to rebel at sight
of the familiar face of the leader of the lost
cause; that they will be impelled to join for
tunes with Castro or some other uethroned
but ambitious tyrant; that there is something
morally or mentally contaminating in the
presence even of the facial likeness of the late
head of the Confederacy? It would seem to be
very much Mississippi’s own business to say
how she shall decorate her silverware.”
M -
If either editor of the Weekly Jeffersonian
were to say in an editorial what Senator Cum
mins said to the Senate, on the floor of the
Senate, we would be prosecuted, perhaps, and
put in jail.
Chauncey Depew, the t New York Central
railroad’s broken-down representative, wanted
to know, “what will result when one concern
controls the entire world?”
Mr. Cummins’ reply was a warning which
the corporation bosses, such as Harriman,
Ryan, Rockefeller, Rogers and others, who
have a contempt for government and law, may
well heed.
Said Senator Cummins:
“I have never considered that such a time
could possibly come when the brain and energy
of one man could control all the industries of
the world, but when it does come there will
still remain the lamp post and the common
people,” replied Mr. Cummins. He said he
did not advocate the use of the lamp post, but
it had been tried in times past with good
results and might be well utilized again in thq
future if necessity arose,