I
i ' I
t
politics turns his attention to religious matters
fu . nous att ack on foreign missions.
he i S a Ways furious - In his campaign
speeches when a candidate for the Presidency,
he turned and raged against everybody who dis
agreed with his wild, fanatical political notions,
and now, since he cannot be a candidate for the
Presidency again until 1912, he is employing his
spare time and pent up energy by turning his
attention to foreign missions. In religion, as in
politics, Mr. Watson is self-centered and cannot
see beyond his own little ‘pent up Utica.’ His
philosophy, when boiled down, is ‘everybody for
himself and the devil take the hindermost.’ ”
That’s quite savage, ain’t it? And yet we
have no doubt that the pious brethren who
wrote it consider themselves exemplary
Christians, —kind, charitable, lovable, inspir
ing the irreligious with a desire to follow
Christ, in order that they may become good
and sweet and meek and merciful and loving,
—as Leonard and Stubbs are.
What have we said to stir up so much bile ?
What have we done to raise such a rumpus?
One would suppose, from the temper mani
fested in the clerical attacks on Watson that
he had been abusing somebody. But he has
not done anything of the kind.
. He has simply proved, by the foreign mis
sionaries themselves, that they are saddling
our people with a system which expects them
to do more for foreign children than they are
able to do for their own.
Where does the Bible tell us to neglect our
own household and provide for the sons and
daughters of Chinamen, Koreans, Japanese,
Africans, and Hindus.
WAere do the Scriptures command you to
neglect the white boys and girls, of your own
race and country, while you furnish money to
put up fine schools, dormitories and kinder
gartens in heathendom?
World Wide Missions, published in New
York City, is terribly rough on Watson for
taking the position that Charity ought to be
gin at home, and yet everybody knows that
there is enough work in New York itself to
keep busy every missionary that is now lav
ishing dollars and energy on the foreign
field.
The people of New York don’t go to
church: they spend Sunday at Coney Island,
Manhattan Beach, Atlantic City and other
resorts. Large sections of New York have
utterly repudiated Christ, and the churches
have moved away! (See Rev. Josiah Strong’s
book, “The Challenge of the City”.)
There are more than a hundred thousand
children in that one city who either go hun
gry to school, or cannot go at all for lack of
•clothes fit to wear.
Death, for lack of fresh air or for lack of
food, sweeps off thousands of infants every
year.
Death from starvation, and suicides caused
by fear of starvation, reap a horribly boun
tiful harvest every year.
Read this description of a living room in
the city of New York, and then ask Messrs.
Leonard and Stubbs where in heathendom
they can find anything worse:
“A few steps out of Broadway we came to the
vilest dens of infamy. In one room, not more
than ten feet by twelve, we came upon 18 human
beings, men and women, white and black, who
there ate, slept, and lived.”
(See page 103, Rev. Dr. Strong’s “Chal
lenge of the City”.)
Thousands of such foul dens as these exist
within a few hundred yards of the place
w T here Brothers Leonard and Stubbs publish
their screamer for foreign missions.
And they know it, of course. These fearful
conditions should arouse them, as the fire-bell
arouses the sleepers at night.
But no! They are too intensely concerned
for China and Korea to care what’s happen
ing within a few yards of their own doors.
Brothers Leonard and Stubbs were ex
tremely harsh in their references to Mr. Wat
son. He will not retaliate; but he begs to
know what they think of conditions in their
Jeffersonian
own city as shown up in Dr. Strong’s book,
page 242: ’
“ ‘I never came in contact with worse heathen
in the foreign mission fields than I find in these
districts of New York City’, says a mission worker
of long and wide experience.
“ ‘Do you know who the Savior is?’ was asked
a little waif.
“ ‘I never heard about that man.’
“ ‘Do you know who God is?’
Yes, I know; God is the man that won’t hurt
you in the night if you say a few words to him be
fore you go to sleep.’ ”
Rev. Josiah Strong, a New Yorker, de
clares that in certain sections of that Babylon
the people have literally relapsed into the
most degrading barbarism.
Yet Watson must be vilified and malicious
ly misrepresented because he warns the Amer
ican people of conditions in Christian Amer
ica that are as bad as anything in heathen
dom.
A man who would leave his own house a
prey to the flames, while he rushed off to put
out the fire which threatened some one else’s
house, would be considered a lunatic.
But that is exactly what the fanatics of
foreign missions are asking the American peo
ple to do. 1
® ® g]
What the Cheap Negro Does for
the Railroad and the Passengers
We clip this from the news columns of last
w T eek:
“Memphis, Tenn., August B.—Carelessness or ner
vousness on the part of Arthur Bell, a negro porter,
caused him to give a switch the wrong throw at Gal
liway, Tenn., 28 miles east of this city, at 2:15 o’clock
this afternoon, and southbound passenger train 103 on
the Louisville and Nashville Railroad crashed into
northbound passenger train No. 102, which was stand
ing on the siding, killing one person and resulting in
the injury of twenty others.
“Joe Lewis, engineer on the southbound train, an
employee of the road foi' thirty years, was pinned in
the cab and met instant death.
“Engineer W. Johnson escaped with but slight in
juries.
“Fireman John Lewis, a nephew of the dead engineer,
was so badly crushed that he will probably die. °
Roe Williams, fireman on the other train, was se
verely bruised.
“Mail Clerk Evans on the southbound train had sev
eral bones broken and many have suffered internal
injuries.”
The Louisville and Nashville Railroad is a
part of the system to which belongs the Geor
gia Railroad, and it gave the strongest back
ing to Mr. T. K. Scott in his recent fight for
cheap negroes, versus competent white men.
Everybody who has had experience in the
management of our brother in black knows
how forgetful he is, how careless and how
apt to misunderstand what you wish him to
do. In carrying the simplest messages, he
will get the whole thing wrong. You may
explain to him, ever so carefully how you
want certain work done, and he will say,
“Yas sir, yas sir”, as if he knows precisely
what you mean, and then—if you leave him to
himself—when you come back he has done
the very opposite of what you have told him
to do.
This failing is constitutional with poor
Cuffee. He can’t help it. He does his best,
and is awfully cut up when he learns that he
has misunderstood you.
Those railroad managers who persist in
trusting the lives of passengers to the infe
rior, defective negro, shoulder a fearful re
sponsibility.
g] g] ®
*•»
Ye Luckless Goat—McLendon
Such a torrent of abuse as has been poured
upon Guyt McLendon, rises above all prior
high-water marks. From J. Iscariot down to
B. Arnold, and from Benedict down to con
temporaneous scoundrels, Mister Hoke and his
newspaper have roamed in search of parallels
to the perfidy of Guyt.
Without mercy, without scruple, without
rest, Mr. Smith’s paper has dealt out vindic
tive denunciation to McLendon. What did
the man do, to provoke this pitiless storm?
We have the reason, stated in black on
white, by Governor Smith himself. He re
moved McLendon, summarily and without
hearing him in his own defense, because Mc-
Lendon decided against the Atlanta petition
lor special rates on iron-ware and coffee.
Was this decision infamous?
Did the Macon platform call for special
rates on iron and coffee? Assuredly not. Did
Mr. Smith in his campaign speeches promise
the people to make an effort to get reductions
on iron and coffee.—leaving all other freight
rates untouched? He did not.
Did the Macon platform pledge the reform
ers to grant to the Atlanta wholesale houses
such inside rates as would enable them to run
Macon and Savannah out of their local ter
ritory? Certainly not. Did Mr. Smith, in
his speeches, give voice to anv such scheme of
favoritism and injustice?
No. He wouldn’t have dared to do it.
In April, 1903, the Atlanta wholesale
houses went before the Railroad Commission,
demanding a reduction of freight rates on
goods billed to their city. The Commission
unanimously denied the 'petition.
The members of the Commission then were
G. Gunbv Jordan, J. Pope Brown and Judge
Spencer R. Atkinson. None of these are At
lanta men.
Was the decision of these gentlemen wrong?
Was it infamous? Did it cause them to be
hounded down with venomous tirades of the
most violent vituperation? Were they treat
eel as knaves and scoundrels, and compared to
the vilest characters in sacred and profane
history ?
There is one man, who bore public testi
mony to his confidence in at least two of those
Commissioners.
Mister Hoke Smith had hardly got through
telling everybody how he won that glorious
victory in 1906, before he selected G. Gunby
Jordan as his fellow-student, and hurried
across the briny deep with him, to study the
immigration question.
And as to J. Pope Brown, it is equally clear
that Mister Hoke does not hate him because
of that decision against Atlanta,—for didn't
Governor Smith recently appoint J. Pope
Brown Treasurer?
In 1904, the Railroad Commission was
again besieged by the Atlanta jobbers.
Again the Commission refused to grant the
special favors asked.
Yet Mr. Hoke waged no war upon any
member of the Commission. But after he was
employed as a lawyer, TO TRY, A THIRD
TIME, to get for Atlanta the special rates
that would allow her to extend her trade into
Southern Georgia, things were different.
He lost his case, —the Commissioners, Hill,
and the two Browns, following the two de
cisions that had already been made.
Was Warner Hill made infamous by that
ruling? No one has said so. Was Pope
Brown made infamous by it? Hardly, since
he has one of the highest offices in the State,
and would have been Governor if Mister
Hoke hadn’t wire-worked him out of the race.
Was Jos. M. Brown made infamous by that
decision ?
Mister Hoke thought so, and knouted Jo
seph savagely; but the people resented the
injustice and the abuse, and the consequences
were memorable.
II hat did McLendon do, hut follow the
precedents already established?
A Judge, presiding in one of our Supreme
Courts, feels in duty bound to respect prior
decisions, made by former incumbents of the
bench. To get a former decision out of the
way, the permission of the Court must first
be formally asked and obtained, to attack the
precedent.. Until this is done, the doctrine of
stare decisis applies, and the decision is an
insurmountable obstacle.
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE