Looking for Enlightenment
on Socialistic Doctrine
Dear Sir:—l herewith enclose you
a copy of correspondence I carried on
with the “Appeal to Reason” relative
to your Magazine articles upon Herr
Bebel’s book. It occurred this way:
the chief of the local Socialists de
nounced you as a liar for your fierce
quotations from Bebel’s book. I
asked him to furnish the Bebel book
so we could see, and he would not
do it. Then it occurred to me to
write headquarters at short range.
And here is the result. Use it as
you like, if it takes the waste basket.
Best wishes, as ever,
Fraternally yours,
JESSE L. SWANGO.
Miami, Ok.
Editor “Appeal to Reason”.
Dear Sir:—l am moved by a spirit
of information to ask you, why you
do not reply to Watson’s challenge
in his Magazine regarding Socialism?
I have been a reader of your paper
for four years. The attempts made
to suppress the Appeal by the postal
department was resented by me lo
cally. I prodded The Outlook maga
zine about “The Alton Steal.” I actu
ally circulated Warren’s speech be
fore Judge Pilate Pollock, and your
attack upon the Federal judges must
be based upon facts. These things
were investigated by me through
your paper. And that investigation
was caused by a statement you made
to me in a letter following a request
for sample copies of Appeal: “you
need to know what Socialism is to be
with us or oppose us, as your intelli
gence may direct,” or words to that
effect. Now if Mr. Watson is wrong
about it, from a Socialist wedding, or
women under Socialism, or those
from Herr Bebel’s book, or Karl
Marx, why do you not say so in the
press or Appeal? You should not
have to be smoked out, like Roosevelt
was. Buncombe is a hole in the
ground. Give us the facts from a
Socialist; facts stand as a monu
ment of truth to you or Mr. Watson,
whichever produces them. Local So
cialists say Watson is a liar. I have
challenged them to produce the book
from which he has quoted. I now
appeal to you in a sprit of candor
and fairness. I have known of Way
land since the days of “The Coming
Nation,” in fact I read it some. I have
known of Debs since the Pullman
strike, I admired his pluck and cour
age then. I can now feel a warm,
soft beat of my heart in sympathy
for him for the injustices he was
forced to bear in that just struggle.
It seems to me the hour of silence
has passed. It behooves you to de
fend yourselves upon those points
challenged.
Fraternally yours,
JESSE L. SWANGO.
Rt. 5, Miami, Ok.
Dear Comrade Swango:—The Ap
peal has repeatedly replied to the
nonsensical charges that Socialism
means free love. It does not care to
dignify Watson by replying to a libel
sent out by a man who really knows
better. That stuff is ceasing to be
urged by decent people, and the Ap
peal will reply to it only as it seems
to come from an honest seeker. Be
cause we infer you are such we say
this to you. The mere fact that some
Socialist in the past may have been
an atheist or even a free lover proves
nothing, as under Socialism the
whole people would rule. As well
say the Republican party is atheistic
because Ingersoll was, or that the
Revolutionists were deists because
Payne was. Payne ,was not a bad
man by any means, nor was Ingorsoll,
for that matter; and there have been
atheists who have, in writing on So
cialism, said many good things. Yet
this does not mean that Socialism is
in favor of free love or atheism. For
one, I am not, and perhaps not one
Socialist in a thousand is. Don’t be
led off by the mere cries of people
who know better, and who are mere-
ly trying to fool you and advertise
themselves.
Fraternally,
C. L. PHIFER.
Editor Appeal to Reason, Girard,
Kansas.
Dear Sir: —Yours of 12th inst. to
hand, and what you say noted. But
I can not see the similarity between
Ingersoll and the Republican party
and Payne and Revolutionary party,
and Herr Bebel and the Socialist
party. The Socialist party is using
Bebel’s writings, or book, where he
advocates Free Love, as a propa
ganda document. And so far as I
have been able to learn neither the
Republican party or Revolutionary
party ever used Ingersoll or Payne’s
writings on Atheism or infidelity as a
propaganda. I can not see why the
Socialists are not assuming to be
sponsor for the Free Love doctrine.
If they are not, perhaps some of their
other propaganda documents would
be disowned by a large number of
Socialists. I think it would be more
consistent to cease to use the De-
Leon-Bebel book as a propaganda, or
else defend its teachings through the
Socialist press.
JESSE L. SWANGO.
Rt. 5, Miami, Ok.
P. S.—Suppose that the capitalist
Congressman’s wife, who wrote a
book a few years ago advocating Free
Love, was to be so influential as to
cause the Republican or Democratic
campaign committee to recommend it
and publish it for sale, distribution,
or otherwise, as the Socialists do
Bebel's and other pamphlets (that
are, in the sincere judgment of many
people, advocating Free Love)?
Then we would call them Free Love
advocates, would we not?
J. L. S.
SONG OF THE BARROOM.
Dear Sir:—While reading a recent
article appearing in the weekly Jef
fersonian, the enclosed poem sug
gested itself to my mind, and, with
due apologies, I send same to you,
hoping that you may see fit to pub
lish it in an early issue of your pa
per.
Sincerely yours,
J. M. SAMPLES.
Villa Rica, Ga.
THE SONG OF THE BAR.
By John Milton Samples..
Hark to the wail of millions —
To the cry of grief and woe!
’Tis the groan of my dying victims
As they writhe in the pit below.
List to the awful cadence—
The siren song of souls!
That lures the myriad mortals
Down to my hellish goals.
I’m the foe of right and justice—
I pierce the heart with pain!
Like a serpent’s tongue, I poison
The lobes of the human brain.
I snatch from a mother’s bosom
The child of her love and prayers!
I laugh at her scalding tear-drops,
And rejoice in the grief she bears.
I’m the author of destruction—
I’m the way of crime and sin!
I point to the gates of horror—
I feast on the souls of men.
f fl
Neither love, nor peace, nor mercy
E’er in my palace dwell!
But hatred, war and murder
Reek in my flames of Hell.
I'm wicked, O how wicked!
A lover of sin and lies!—
I crush the hearts of mothers!
I’m the Devil in disguise!
Liberal commissions on the Wat
son books. Write to The Jeffs,
Thomson, Ga.
*<sl)e
Sister Woman!
f Read My Free Offer
My mission is to make sick women well and I want to give to
you or any suffering woman, absolutely free, a full fifty-cent box of
our splendid remedy. Balm of Figs. I will send this fifty-cent box
■ absolutely free to convince anyone that I can really benefit my suf-
■ sering sisters. I will send it to you to prove that in Balm of Figs I Vs
offer any woman a chance to get well and strong—a real oppor- V mUkstM
■ tunity to enjoy perfect health every day in the year. You, as well V
■ as many others, will probably ask yourself this question: Why does \
■ Mrs. Richards offer to give a full fifty-cent box of Bahn of Figs free \ jaWa
to thousands of women whom she doesn’t know?
1 will tell you why.
I will be perfectly honest with you.
I really feel it my sincere duty, after fifteen years
■ of success with this great remedy, to make it known to
I every woman, and that is why, dear friend, I want to dfSrzMSm! / [ *i* W
I send you, your daughter, your sister, your mother, or f ''
any ailing friend a full fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs. JMwMrgSS < RKgSMUffU
1 absolutely free. It is a remedy that cures woman’s />.
■ ailments and I want to tell you all about it—just how //
■ to cure yourself right at home without the aid of a
■ doctor—and the best of it is that it will not in theleast ft-
| interfere with your work or pleasure. Balm of Figs is m
| just the remedy to make sick women well and weak JSsygsSßr W'
■ women strong and I can prove it—let me prove it yESsF? .ral&il MMHWWMiMM
to you—l will gladly do it, for I have never heard
of anything that does so quickly and surely cure wOffi & I
woman’s ailments. No internal dosing necessary HK &
—it is a local treatment, yet it has to its credit some ®
of the most extraordinary cures on record. There-„ J 5
■ fore, I want to place it in the hands of every
woman suffering with any form of leucorrhea, '**" gB
painful periods, ulceration, inflammation, displacement or I
■ falling of the womb, ovarian or uterine tumors or growths S KwjgxMMMwk K
M or any of the weaknesses so common to women.
Let Me Send You, Absolutely Free, jM
This 50-Cent Box of Balm of Figs
I will send it to you absolutely free, to prove to you person- :
■ ally its splendid qualities, and then if you wish to continue TOWBIMI
■ further, it will cost you only a few cents a week. Ido not '
believe there is another remedy equal to Balm of Figs and \X : -
I am willing to prove my faith by sending out these fifty-
H cent boxes free—so, my reader, irrespective of your pa«t ex- JBw*
■ penence. write to me at once—today—and I will send you the W
gs treatment entirely free by return mail, and if you desire I sl■
can undoubtedly refer you to some one near you who can g W' ■
g personally testify to the great and lasting cures that have
resulted through the use of Balm of Figs. But after all the
very be»t test of anything is a personal trial of it, and I know WmWBBMWm
■ a fifty-cent box of Balm of Figg will SB :
I convince you of Its merit. In fact, 1 ■ WwIIMmMMMMMBHMBMMMLJB
■ nothing Is so convincing as the ac-
tual test of the article itself. Will Fill Olli and Return Cminnn
you give Balm of figs this test? Re- KCIUI II a Ills VOUpon
■ member—all you need to do is simply
■ fill out the attached coupon and re- MRS. HARRIET M. RICHARDS,
■ turn it to me at once—then I will SnecialBox
■ gladly send you a fifty-cent box of „ P ® ® 'J Joliet, 111.
Balm of Figs absolutely free. Or if . Dear Mrs. Richards: As lam In need of a remedy like Balm
you prefer to write a letter, you can of rigs, I will be pleased to have you send me, by return mail,
address me in confidence* one fifty-cent box, free of cost*
MRS. HARRIET M. RICHARDS,
|| Special Box A 73Joliet, 111. NAME
NOTE: 1 will also send you free
■ my book entitled, “A Perfect .
K Woman.” This book should be in the ADDRESS...
|H hands of every woman and will prove
grt of great benefit to all who receive it.
I want you to have one.
CANNER: 1910 MODEL “A.” ABSOLUTELY UNIFORM
The purest Fruits and Vegetables in the world are Canned this way, in
the Home Canners. Made for the Trucker, Farmer and Gardener. Don’t buy
till you see it, also the Lightning Can Capper. Send for catalogue.
HOME CANNER COMPANY, HICKORY, NORTH CAROLINA
WATSON’S
HANDBOOK 1 POLITICS
Some of the Chapters:
The Republican Party—The Greenback Movement.
Democratic and Republican Managers—Their Characters and
Records. \
Party Platforms—Vicious Legislation.
Subsidizing Railroads and Squandering Public Lands.
Pet Banks and Special Privileges.
History of the Legal Tenders—Corporations.
Panics of 1893 and 1907.
For the Special Benefit of the Farmers.
Encroachments and Usurpations of the Federal Judiciary.
Concerning Money—Gold Standard Unconstitutional.
Socialism —Municipal Ownership.
The Catholic Hierarchy and Politics.
Pauperism and Crime—Child Labor.
Ten Millions in Poverty—Rural Free Delivery.
| 350 PAGES - SI.OO PREPAID
I DEPARTMENT THE JEFFERSONIANS I
| THOMSON, GEORGIA
PAGE TWENTY-THREE