Our Post-Card Club
f ßy Daddy Jim.
We didn’t offer any prizes last
time, because we wanted to see what
you would do for the love of writing,
and not for the sake of what you could
get out of it. There were not so many
letters this week, but*several of them
were good, and to one little girl, who
‘has tried for the third time to win a
prize, we are going to send a special
reward of fifty post-cords. Here is
her letter, and another letter which
came with it is even better, because it
will sound a note of encouragement to
others.
Third Time is the Charm.
“Dear Daddy Jim: Here I come
again. This is my third attempt to
write you, and I hope this time to get
a prize. I am anticipating a grand
time at the close of school. We are
going to have a concert. I wish Dad
dy Jim could come and hear me speak.
Lizzie Ivey, Sprott, Ala., Route 2.”
In her other letter she says:
“You don’t know how good it
makes me feel to see my name in the
paper. It was two weeks before I
heard from my letter, and 1 had al
most become discouraged. But after
I'heard from them I was ready to try
again. I thought the letters had to be
an essay, but I see now you want us
to write like we were talking to you.
I do love Daddy Jim for giving us a
page. lam a little girl fourteen years
of age. Hoping to get the prize, I
am, your little friend, Lizzie Ivey.”
A Word of Thanks.
We want to thank all our little
friends who have sent us subscriptions
to the paper. Many have sent us
clubs of ten, and a great many have
sent single subscriptions. One little
boy of twelve stands first in the list
of those who are trying to win our
cash prize of ten dollars for the larg
est number of subscriptions sent m
before April Ist, and even if he fails
to win the prize, he has made more
than ten dollars in commissions. We
will pay every little boy and girl who
sends us a subscription for more than
three months, and if you don’t want
the money, you can have a prize. Tell
Daddy Jim what you would most like
to have, and he’ll tell you how to go
to work to get it.
With Dog and Gun.
This is a true boy’s letter: “My
name is Walter Pepper. I am from
Gabhettville, Ga. lam thirteen years
old in August. (You mean you will
be.) My papa takes the Jeffersonian,
and I like to read it. I have a dog.
His name is Ring. I’ve got a gun,
and Igo hunting sometimes. We have
got two pigs and one hog. Good-bye.”
Peanuts, Popcorn and Possums.
“I am a boy nine years old; go to
school and study. I am in the third
grade. I like peanuts, popcorn and
’possum hunting better than going to
school. I ride our horse, and want to
plow, Fut papa won’t let me. Hope
this will get the prize. Hurrah for
Watson 1 Artemus Barton, Armuchee,
Ga.” You’re mighty frank, Artemus,
about your likings; but what will your
teacher say?
A Jeffersonian Bond-holder.
‘ ‘I am a Florida boy nine years old,
and live in Wakulla county, near the
famous springs of that name. My
papa takes your magazine and paper.
Mother says she wants brother and
me to grow up to be great men, like
Mr. Watson. Chas. L. Rehwinkel,
Rehwinkel, Fla. P. S.—l’m a little
Jeffersonian bond-holder. ’ ’
Will Do All She Can.
“1 am a school-girl fourteen years
old. 1 like to go to school, for I have
a good teacher. You don’t know how
I enjoy reading the Jeffersonian. I
think it is a fine paper, and I am go
ing to do all I can for it. Katherine
Florence, Powder Springs, Ga. ” This
was a very neat, pretty little letter,
and we want Katherine to write to
us again.
Another Georgian Girl.
“Grandpapa, papa and uncles are
Populists, and take your paper. My
home is near a river. We go fishing
and bathing. Once we caught a large
trout. Oh! ’tis just bushels of fun.
There is a spring where we have pic
nics. Wortlie Hardison, Sycamore,
Ga.”
Won’t They Be Surprised?
“Here comes a little girl of ten
summers. I am going to school. I
like my teacher. Her name is Miss
Nona Harris. Papa is a farmer, and
our home is close to a large river. I
like to go fishing. Papa likes to duck
hunt. Well, I had better ring off for
tlrs time. I hope to see this, as I
want to surprise my sister Blonde and
mamma and papa. Bessie Hubbard,
LaGrange, Ga.”
Three from Folsom, Ga.
Agnes Bradley, nine years old; Lois
Beatrice Bradley, eleven years old,
and Crisp Bradley, who doesn’t say
how old he is, all write from Folsom,
Ga. Crisp’s letter is the best. “I
live in the little village of Folsom. I
go to school most of the time. I am
in the seventh grade, and I am glad
that I am, so I can read the dear old
Jeffersonian. Every time the R. F.
D. man passes our house, I think of
the great Tom Watson. I like fishing
fine, and bird hunting. Well, I must
close, for fear of the waste basket.
This is my best writing. So good-bye,
Daddy. Your friend, Crisp Bradley.”
A Hard-working Boy.
“I am eleven years old. I go to
school at Wellston. I walk three
miles, and I come home affid carry my
wood in the house and split my splin
ters, and I work in the field every
Saturday. I can plow and hoe cotton,
too. My papa takes your paper, and
I like it best of all. I will close for
this time. Paul Vaughan, Wellston,
Ga.”
Will You Help Us?
If any of you would like to have a
few sample copies of the paper, to
try to sell them, or take subscriptions,
we will gladly send them to you, and
we will pay you for your work, or
give you prizes, just as you please,—
either money, or toys, or something
useful, if you will let us know what
you would like, —accordihg to the
number of subscriptions you send in,
or”the papers you sell.
EGQS FOR HATCHING
From Buff Orpingtons and Buff Rocks.
Eggs $3.00 per 15, $5.00 per 30. Sat
isfaction guaranteed. Will give one
year’s subscription to Reliable Poultry
Journal with each order, H. J. KING,
Commerce, Ga.
73b* '3effersonlan
The Road to Success
is strewn with lost time and wasted energy. The Bell Tel
ephone will save you both Time and Energy.
It is an economical necessity in the office and home. We
have various classes of service at small cost.
FOR INFORMATION CALL THE MANAGER
Southern Bell Telephone and Telegraph Co.
. . 91
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
• ” 1 i
J FREE +
t Fifty Beautiful Post Cards |
In order to secure a large number of new subscribers at once we
make this wonderful offer: T
J Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian 3 Months) All For f
$ Up-to-Date Farming' 3 Months O P ~ X
f2O American Girl Post Cards ( 2, i* ?
Membership in U|-to-Date Post Card Exchange J «*
Above is a wonderful offer and should bring thousands of orders. * *
X But we are going to make a still better offer, and this is what we want * *
every present subscriber to work for: * •
J This Is Our Great Plan ;;
We want you to get 25 cents from each of seven (7) of your neigh
eg* bors and friends for the above offer and send us this club, and we will
send you, for your reward,
T FIFTY OF THE MOST BEAUTIFUL HIGH ART POST CARDS T
X EVER PRODUCED. - " T
S Every one a gem, and satisfaction is positively guaranteed.
X EXTRA REWARD *f
T AND HERE IS ANOTHER SURPRISE FOR YOU: Do you know T
X what the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is? It is a roster of post card T
X collectors and of people who will exchange with you. It has many
y thousand members now, all over the United States, and in some foreign
countries. We will put your address and that of each member of your
club in the exchange and you will receive post cards from many fine
and entertaining people. A correspondence acquaintance can thus be
made with agreeable people and many a dull hour and otherwise idle X
X moments can be made pleasant, Improved and, perhaps, made profitable. T
X Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming
X famous, because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profits- V
bly. Our readers can well afford to subscribe for it, as with the two
4* papers they will get a BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and 4-
<#» marketing. .
X Perhaps, after you get seven (7) trial subscribers, you can get
4* three (3) more, making ten (10) in all. If you can, we will send you T
T another set of cards, A TRIP AROUND THE WORLD WITH UNCLE
Jr SAM’S BATTLESHIPS. There are fifty views In this set. It includes Hk
X a view of each ship in colors, shows the sailor boys at work, at play
and at rest. Also many scenes of noted places that the fleet visited.
J included with this is a map of the route and an illustration showing X
the entire fleet, with the names of the ships.
$ Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian
T THOMSON, GA. *
PAGE THIRTEEN