white race which we have in this country
—a blend of the best fighting stock that
the world has ever known —to compare it
to the Chinese.
In the second place, we can turn the
argument around and use it against the
President. If the other nations had not
fallen victims to Militarism, which nat
urally fosters Jingoism and “world-mis
sion” intermeddling, they would never
have thought of looting China.
The most utterly infamous and sinful
war that was ever waged on this blood
soaked earth was that which Great Brit
ain and France made on China because,
she wanted to save her people from the
opium curse. Would these Christian na
tions have committed this frightful wrong
against humanity, if they had not had so
many battle-ships?
Has not Great Britain’s navy been the
source of an Iliad of woes? Was it not
her fleet which put back, for half a cen
tury, the democratic principles of the
French Revolution? Has not her fleet
been made the powerful weapon of Eng
lish greed and aggression in every part
of the world? But for her fleet she could
not hold in subjection the 200,000,000 of
natives of India; without her fleet she
could not have stamped out the Boer Re
public, nor the rising of the native Egyp
tians against a foreign voke.
Do we want to go into the conquering
business ?
If so, we need a big navy; otherwise
we don’t.
The suggestion that this country shall
be taxed indefinitely to hold the Philip- •
pines in tutelage, is not statesmanly. We
•should either relinquish the islands to the
natives, or sell our claims to whatever na
tion will buy. We don’t need a colonial
empire, and we can’t have one without
becoming imperial at home.
The idea that any nation of Europe,
Asia, or Africa will ever attack the United
States because we are rich and have no
Billion-dollar-navy, is monstrous. That
our colonial empire might provoke attack,
in regions remote, is one of the best rea
sons for not having a colonial empire. It
will cost more to defend it than it is
worth.
England, France, Germany, Italy are
all burdened with the tremendous ex
pense of staying prepared to tackle each
other and to defend distant possessions in
which their subjects, crowded out from
home, have permanently settled.
But with us, the situation is different.
We are not overcrowded, and we possess
such an immense territory and are blessed
with such a variety of soil, climate, and
products, that we are the one people that
nought to stay at home and board at the
same place.
Unless we ourselves provoke it by
wanton aggression, this country itself will
never be attacked from abroad.
Our peril is domestic, not foreign.
Nothing that Great Britain or France, or
Germany, or Japan can ever do tQ its
could possibly bear any comparison to the
sySetematjc, .continual, and remorseless ex-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ploitation of the Trusts—the monsters of
rapacity which have grown up out of
class-legislation and which are eating the
heart out of the nation.
If we would wage war first on such do
mestic foes as have combined to use the
irresistible powers of government to de
spoil the producer of the fruits of his toil,
we would pursue the wiser course.
Instead of borrowing trouble and
squandering hundreds of millions of dol
lars to guard our coasts from foreign na
tions who are, in turn, squandering hun
dreds of millions to guard their coasts
from us, had we not better give heed to
actual conditions which enable J. P. Mor
gan to pay $484,000 for an old painting
by Raphael, and which leave ten millions
of Morgan’s fellow countrymen without
homes, and almost without food?
Instead of going crazy over the Yellow
Peril and dumping millions into the swol
len treasury of the Steel Trust, why not
deal with a conditon which admits of the
people being taxed to pay dividends on
eight billion dollars of fictitious capitali
zation in the railroads?
Rather than keep step with the insane
militarism of Germany, why not wrest
from the national banks the terrible
power which polluted politicians have
voted them, and restore to the Govern
ment the sovereign prerogative of creat
ing money?
Good God! The whole country is gasp
ing for MORE MONEY. Commerce
needs it, agriculture needs it, labor needs
it, enterprise needs it. A thousand mil
lions of dollars in paper money, issued di
rectly by the Government and put in cir
culation at once through the state banks,
would electrify the nation. Customers
would crowd the stores, mills would all
be. running on full time, railroads would
call back the discharged men, cotton
would bound to fifteen cents, confidence
would be restored, the wretched multi
tudes of the Unemployed would melt
away, the cry of distress would be hush
ed, and the armies of peace would advance
the blessed white banner, all along the
line.
The whole country is clamoring for
“MORE MONEY.” '
The President and the monomaniacal
Hobsons are fiercely demanding, “MORE
BATTLE-SHIPS!”
Instead of dealing with a crisis that
does exist, the President is monopolized
by troubles which he has borrowed, and
by a crisis which is nothing more than a
remote possibility.
H * *
Abuses Creeping Into the Common
School System.
In one of the local papers of Georgia
appeared, last week, a statement, put forth
by the local Board of Education, in which
we find a grave misconception of the true
purpose of our Constitution on the sub
ject of Common Schools. The Board
takes the position that the parent is the
real beneficiary of the school fund and
that if the parent misbehaves himself or
herself, in his or her relations with the
teacher, the child, or children, of such
misbehaving parent shall be expelled from
school and thus deprived of the education
which the law meant the little ones should
have.
Can this be right?
Let us look into the origin of the Com
mon Schools in Georgia.
Before the Civil War there were, in this
State, certain schools in which poor peo
ple who were unable to pay tuition could
have their children taught free- These
charitable institutions were called “Poor
Schools” and, on that account, were not
well patronized. Poor people are often
very proud, and many parents did not like
to send their children to a school which
classed them —as they viewed it —with
paupers.
General Robert Toombs was a practical
man and a great statesman; he had
studied school-systems in Europe as well
as in America. When he came to make a
new Constitution for this State —for he
was really the maker of it —he changed
the name of Poor Schools to. Common
Schools, thus relieving them of the odium
of a bad name, and he broadened the sys
tem so that no one would feel ashamed to
let his children receive the benefit of the
State’s bounty.
What was the purpose of the law?
It was to teach the child the rudiments
of an English education, and thus fit it for
the duties of citizenship. The legislative
intent was to benefit the children —the
rising generation that is to take our
places, after a little while, and carry on
the work which will drop from our hands.
Any other view of the School law is a
deplorable misconception of the intent
of the framers of our Constitution.
Why is compulsory attendance upon
the common schools, for eight months in
the year, required in Missouri? Why is
compulsory attendance required in va
rious other parts of the union and in Eu
rope?
To benefit the parents? Os course not.
The legislative mind is not concerned in
this instance with the parent, at all.
Everything that is required of the parent
or granted to the parent, is intended to
benefit the child.
It is amazing to us that there should
be any question about so simple a matter.
To contend t\at the parent is the benefi
ciary, and that he must behave himself
very nicely to the teacher, or his child will
be deprived of the benefit of the School
fund, which has already been taxed out
of that parent and other parents for the
distinct purpose of giving the child a pri
mary education, seems to us an arbitrary,
unjust and illegal contention.
It is annoying to teachers to be taken
to task by patrons of the school —but is it
unnatural that the patrons of the school
should occasionally remonstrate with a
teacher when such parent honestly be
lieves that his child has been unfairly
treated?
The writer of this was a school teacher
himself for more than two years, and he
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE