A DEPARTURE FROM CUSTOM.
(Continued from Page Three.)
‘‘Where’s Grandma?” shrieked all
the grandchildren.
Also Mrs. William and Mrs. Ed
ward and Mrs. Jimmy, Junior,
shrieked questions that rose above
the deep bass rumble of the sons-in
law’s queries. Then there was the
noise of many feet on the staircase.
Mrs. Bolton, who had been strug
gling madly to get two stockings on
one foot, paused long enough to lock
her door.
“You folks .just stay out,” she
called through the keyhole, ‘‘until I
get my (dollies on.”
So then they all trooped down
again, and little Mr. Boltoh explained
the situation as well as a mere father
could, lie warned them that “moth
er” might seem a little touchy, and
advised them to be a bit cautious in
their remarks. But ten minutes later
she was downstairs, tier eyes shining
as (hey had not shone in weeks —and
her waist was on wrong side out.
She greeted them all as warmly as
if she had never resented their ap
parent indifference. They explained,
when the tumult had somewat subsid
ed, that curiosity, very much mingled
with anxiety, had brought them all
scurrying home, and that chance had
assembled them all on the only daily
train that reached the village.
“You know, mother,” explained
Julia, “that you have always written
to invite us. When you didn’t, na
turally we were alarmed.”
“Why, yes, mother,” corroborated
William, “I looked every day for two
weeks for that letter. You see, I’d
more than half concluded to come this
year. Then Edward, here, got wor
ried and telegraphed all ground to ask
if anybody’d heard lately, so that
started us all off.”
“I hope,” said Jimmy, Junior,
with a hand on his rotund waistcoat,
“that your turkey’ll be big enough
to go round.”
“My land!” exclaimed Mrs. Bol
ton, suddenly realizing that her tur
key was only a small chicken, and
that, in other ways, her larder was
none too well stocked. “You boys’ll
have to run on a lot of errands, or
you won’t get any dinner.”
“We haven’t forgotten how,”
laughed tall William.
“All right, sir,” returned Mrs.
Bolton, gayly, “for here’s your
chance. William, do you remember
where Jabe Peters lives? Y T es, the
same old place. Y r ou go there and get
two turkeys —alive or dead —and tell
Jabe they’re for me. Jimmy, Junior,
you trot down to Mrs. Peter Lancas
ter’s and buy all her pies—she got
word yesterday that her folks aren’t
coming—and she’d made fifteen
pies! ’ ’
“You bet I’ll go,” shouted Jimmy,
“1 haven’t forgotten that lady’s
pies.’ ’
“Sallie,” pursued Mrs. Bolton,
“you lake some of these youngsters
down cellar and bring up all the veg
etables you can find. And there’s
sweet pickles and jelly in the cup
board. Edward, you go build a fire
in the kitchen stove —yes. it’s whore
it always was. Julia, you can turn up
your skirt and help with the cooking.
Two of you boys get hold of this ta
ble and pull—that’s right. Now,
bovs’ you’ll find the ext ra leaves be-
hind the pantry door —I. guess you
can trust even a brand-new boy to
find a pantry.”
“Listen to the little general,”
laughed Mr. Bolton, admiringly. “Or
ders you about just like she used
to.”
“Father,” said Mrs. Bolton, “you
put on your duds and go to all the
neighbors. Tell ’em we’ve got all our
children home for Thanksgiving, too.”
“And you might add,” said 'Wil
liam, a little huskily, “that we’re
going to keep right on coming, wheth
er we’re invited or not.”
Os course, with so many willing
hands to help, even the gigantic task
of preparing a Thanksgiving dinner
on such short notice was gloriously
accomplished. And when Mrs. Bolton
finally sat at the head of her table—
now at last extended, as she had seen
it in her dreams, to its utmost inch—
her motherly eyes were shining with
a gentle, thankful luster, and her
motherly soul wa's completely satis
fied.—The Mother's Magazine.
MEDICAL.
“The VICTOR” DB. WOOLEY’S
ikJkA S a nitarimn
FYYf Wed l° r treatment of
F wl.JwgNervous Diseases,
Opium, Alcoholic
• and other drug ad
MSYF dictions.
For particulars,
DR. B.M. WOOLEY CO., Atlanta, Ga.
cured; quick relief; re
11 I ¥ moves all swelling In 8
yilvl fej 1 to 20 days; 30 to 60
days effects permanent
cure. Trial treatment given free to suf
ferers; nothing fairer. For circular, test!
moniais and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, Box K,
Atlanta, Ga.
ECZEMA
CAN SECURED. Uy mild, soothing, guaranteed cure
does it and FREE SAMPLE proves it. STOPS THE ITCH*
ING and cures to sUy, WHITE NOW—TODAY.
DR. CANNADAY, 2 4 I PAj|K SQUARE. SEDALIA, MO.
deafnesslureF
By New Discovery
“ I have de
monstr a. ted
n tha.t deafness
can be cured”
Dr - Guy Clif
ford Powell.
The secret of how to use the mysterious and in
visible nature forces for the cure of Deafness and
Head Noises has at last been discovered by the
famous Physician - Scientist, Dr. Guy Clifford
Powell. Deafness and Head Noises disappear as
if by magic under the use of this new and wonder
ful discovery. He will send all who suffer from
Deafness and Head Noises full information how
they can be cured, absolutely free, no matter how
long they have been deaf, or what caused their
deafness. This marvelous Treatment is so simple,
natural and certain that you will wonder why it
was not discovered before. Investigators are as
tonished and cured patients themselves marvel
at the quick results. Any deaf person can have
full informa* ion how to be cured quickly and cur
ed to stay cured at home without investing a cent.
Write today to Dr. Guy Clifford Poweil, 3785
Bank Bldg., Peoria, 111., and get full information
of this new and wonderful discovery absolutely
free.
POULTRY.
M ke Your Hens Lay More Eggs fE
F'F * have found a method that will
make hens lay every day the year
[i | L.... \ i round as in sprng. A simple, inex-
i pensive means is used which never
fails A trial will convince you.
Write for it today. Enclose s amp.
N. L. WEBB, 1-4, Lamaico, Texas.
3effersortiaft
American Cotton and Business University
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
COTTON : We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight in 30 days how
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
in any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap.
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education. Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies.
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING : Under three expert Telegraphers and
I Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. W rite for catalogue at once and state
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL,
Associate Presidents.
Greatest Subscription Offer
Through a most, unusual arrangement with the publishers we are able
to make a very remarkable offer to our subscribers.
Four Magazines, The Weekly Jeffersonian and a
Dress Pattern
Total Value: $6.25 ■ ■■ for only $2.50
Jeffersonian Magazine $1 50
Weekly Jeffersonian 1 00 All Fili ll
Pictorial Review 1 80 fill I Ui
Modern Priscilla 1 20
Ladies’ World 60 ff*
Pictorial Review Pattern 15 Wk J m■ ■
$6 25
fiddress all orders to THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thompson, Ga.
I PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
KBWBCMTWII F r ff!W! r F’'Vf > ‘ri IW!IIIMnHPy l W!IIIMnHPy ~!<T MI'IIMM——MM
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes $3.50
Napoleon 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics ... 1.00
Sketches from Roman History 50
Waterloo, just published 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
(Any of these books can be obtained as premiums for a certain number
of subscriptions. Particulars on application.)
Just Lay Aside
HJoor Spectacles
ir eyes entirely, and I will re
ndsome brand new 10-karat ROLRJiOy)
famous ''Perfect Vision'' Spec-
Tree of charge.
give away at least one-hundred
the next few weeks in order to
nderful soothing glasses to the
of spectacle wearers in the
ible time —so write me your name
at once and I will mail you my
me Eye Tester absolutely free of
also full particulars of my 10-
spectacle offer. Address:-
DR. HAUX SPECTACLE CO.,
erk 0. Haux Bldg, St. Louis, Mo.
to SIOO wtekly, in their spare / \
time, should ask for my special I One-Hundred-Thousand Pairs I
proposition at once, and V Will be Given Away. /
sta^P 1, their present occupation.
The Above is the Largest Mail Ordei-' ~8 pec taele House luTthe' World,"aud" !PeJctU ReUabia
PAGE FIFTEEN