PAGE SIX
FARMERS’ UNION DEPARTMENT
KEEPING BOYS AND GIRLS ON THE
FARM.
The problem of how to make the boys and
girls stay on the farms instead of hastening
to the crowded cities to seek their fortunes as
soon as emancipated from parental authority
has engaged the attention of thinkers, writers,
and talkers in America for a good many
years. Various remedies have been suggested
for a state of affairs that was recognized as
serious, all aiming in one way or another to
remove what was felt to be the main cause
of dissatisfaction of the rising generation with
the life which had satisfied their parents,
namely, its isolation and monotony as com
pared with that of the town.
Meanwhile, while students and theorists
were discussing what ought to be done, the
drain cityward of the sons and daughters of
the farms continued until in the fullness of
progress the farmer himself and the indus
trial organizer began in practical fashion to
change conditions by introducing the im
proved facilities of communication which the
growing prosperity of the farming communi
ties enabled them to pay for. Good roads
first and the extension of free mail delivery
to rz?ral communities did much. Along with
them worked the rural trolley lines, reaching
out from the cities in all directions and
creating a brand new freight and passenger
traffic wherever they went. Finally, what
promises to be a more potent influence than
all else, has come the telephone, striking iso
lation forever from the list of rural ills and
binding the farthest community it reaches
firmly into the web of natufal activities and
interests.
Where*the nearest neighbor instead of
being half a mile away is within easy conver
sational distance and can be communicated
with at any time without stopping the farm
work and in spite of the biggest snow storm
that ever come out of the Northwest, it makes
a difference in a good many ways, economi
cally and socially. That is what the telephone
has done in the country, and that is why
country villages and farm communities are
linked together today by thousands of miles
of wire and local lines built and equipped by
the subscribers themselves, and why telephone
development is proceeding more rapidly in
this field than in any other at the present
time, chiefly by the method of co-operative
construction.
The strongest possible indication of the
hold which the telephone has gained on the
farm and the future which is before it there,
in the belief of telephone men themselves,
has been given by the change of policy of
the greatest telephone manufacturing com
pany in the world, which has just entered
the competition for this trade. By making it
possible for the first time for the organizers
of such local systems to obtain standard ap
paratus and equipment, such as is used on the
lines of the long-distance system, it will facil
itate the connecting of these rural systems
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
with those reaching to every part of the
country.
There are approximately 7,000,000 farms in
the United States, and it is prophesied that
within a decade two-thirds of them will have
telephone service. Meanwhile less is heard
of the monotony and isolation of the farm
steads and more of the boys and especially
more of the girls are contented to stay where
life is natural and healthy, and is still under
new conditions in touch with the whole big
and busy world. —Texas Farmer.
FERTILIZER WASTE.
Our farmers- spend a hundred million dol
lars every year for commercial fertilizers, ami
Secretary Wilson asserts that one-third of
this amount is simply thrown away. If cer
tain sections of land do not produce crops as
they should, the one remedy that occurs to
most people is to buy fertilizer. More is being
bought every year. The quantities used are
enormous, and the employment of the agent
is extending steadily. Thirty million dollars
are annually wasted in this way—and this
is due not to any deficiency in the fertilizers
themselves, but to a lack of understanding of
the proper fertilizers for the different soils.
This is a relatively new problem in agri
cultural economy, and it is likely that the
investigations now being conducted will lead
to surprising results. One of the recent dis
coveries revolutionizes that ancient idea, that
certain products so exhaust the soil that the
following crops do not flourish. The new
theory is that it is not what the product takes
from the soil, but what it puts into it, that in
jures the succeeding growth. In other words,
there is an excretion from plants that, unless
counteracted, is noxious to other crops. The
chief of the bureau of soils, in a recent report,
gives interesting explanations of the manner
in which the soils actually feed crops and
the influence of fertilizers upon this feeding.
As everybody knows, all soils contain more
or less minerals, covering those necessary food
products for plants, potash, phosphoric acid
and lime. The nitrogen has to be obtained
elsewhere. These minerals are dissolved in
the soil water, and feed the plants; and as
those on the surface are absorbed, there is
movement upward of, moisture from below,
bringing further food supplies. Thus the soil
is in a sense steadilv enriched bv these de
sirable constituents although the actual feed
ing medium for the plant is not essentially
altered. Similarly artificial enrichment of
the soil by commercial fertilizers does not
materially affect the mineral composition of
the soil solution, as is popularly supposed, but
has other profound functions of which we are
just beginning to get a glimpse.
As above noted, infertility of soils is often
due to the presence of bodies deleterious to
plant growth and the bureau has discovered
exactly what some of these substances are,
and the proper means of fighting them. It is
the presence of these bodies that'causes some
fields to become “exhausted.” as we have been
in the habit of saying, or to fail to produce
certain crops. The question to determine in
this case is just what crop is adapted to the
land, to act as a corrective, a kind of medi
cine for the noxious bodies that are in the
soil. Crop rotation —with the proper crops—
is especially valuable, as different species of
plants themselves aid in the destruction of
organic substances. The proper
fertilizers, too, are most valuable. The bu
reau has been giving special attention to to
bacco soils, and has met with signal success.
In Connecticut, Florida, Texas and Alabama,
excellent types of tobacco are now being
grown as a result of the investigations de
scribed. Similar studies are being made of
soils adapted to certain kinds of cotton, no
tably the varieties which are being used in an
attempt to combat the boll-weevil. Surveys
of swamps have shown the possibilities of
these waste stretches of land, and may lead
to large schemes of reclamation. The work is
soils and it is to be hoped it will lead to that
being extended to cover a wide variety of
earth and the rational treatment thereof, that
intimate knowledge of the contents of the
represents the fundamental problem of pres
ent-day agriculture.—Farmers’ Advocate.
FARMING AND ITS OPPORTUNITIES
FOR YOUNG MEN.
That young men should leave the farm for
the city, as so many of them are doing, in
stead of a movement the other way, of young
men from the city to the farm, is truly
strange. It can be accounted for only by the
assumption that the opportunities offered by
the farms are not understood, neither by the
farmers’ sons or the young men of the cities.
And this is really the case.
The country lad looks with longing to the
life of the city. He sees it from the distance
and in the enchantment which distance lends
to the view. When he visits the city he sees
an activity which charms him in its contrast
to the quiet life on the farm. He sees and
hears of men who have gone to the city from
the country, and have grown rich and reached
high station. And thus he leaves the farm,
only to be disenffanted when it is too late,
and he has him bound to the treadmill of
drudgery, requiring exacting work from day to
day, from year to year, with the prospect of
betterment almost as disappointing as rain
bow chasing. For every young man who
leaves the farm and makes a success in the
city there are hundreds who fail, and who
wear out their lives chained to the exacting
routine of office, store or shop.
On the farm there is freedom. On the farm
only can real independence be found. It is a
healthful occupation, and many a man who
falls a victim early to the confinement and
unhealthfulness of city employment would en
joy robust health and reach a ripe old age
in the open air and diversified work on the farm
Then, too, in the matter of recreation and self
improvement life in the country offers advan
tages which cannot be found in the city, while