PAGE SIX
LETTERS TRO7L THE PEOPLE
FROM ONE WHO HAS STOOD
FIRM FOR EIGHTEEN YEARS.
Stone Mountain, Ga., Nov. 7, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Mr. Watson: I am one ol
your most enthusiastic admirers; have
been so ever since the days of the
Farmers’ Alliance, back in the days
of ’BB. Have read every issue of
every paper and magazine that you
have published; and all of the books,
except the last, “Waterloo.” I have
most of the daily papers published in
Atlanta in ’94 on file; ’tis quite
interesting to take them down and
review the hard fought battle for Hie
Governorship of that year between
Hines and Atkinson. In looking over
these files some time back, I found
two things incident to that campaign
that impressed me very much.
One was the demand in our plat
form for the abolishing of the con
vict lease system, which has so re
cently been enacted into law; the
other was the denial of our request,
by the Democratic party, to have a
division of election managers between
the Populst and Democratic parties
at the polls.
I have felt constrained to write this
afternoon (Sunday) on account of
reading the communication in the
morning Constitution of today. lam
made to feel very sad, indeed, to read
from your own pen that you think it
best to give up the leadership of a
cause that is very dear to my heart;
one that you have given the best years
of your life in trying to benefit and
elevate your fellow countrymen.
I believe that without your leader
ship Populism will be a thing of the
past; so far as keeping up a party
organization. The principles of Popu
lism, or Jeffersonian Democracy, will
eventually triumph. Your prediction
of fourteen years ago that every de
mand of the Populist would some day
be incorporated into the law of the
land has already been partially real
ized. It will be an accomplished fact
some day; whether by peaceful meth
ods at the ballot-box or by armed
revolution, time alone can tell. It
does seem to me to be the very irony
of fate for you to agitate and popu
larize Southern political independ
ence; and make it a leading issue in
your recent campaign of the Slate;
and on the very morning your letter
comes out in the Constitution stating
you think best for others than your
self, on account of having been so
cruelly and maliciously represented
by the Atlanta Journal and other pa
pers, to take the lead hereafter; and
this same Atlanta Journal comes out
in an editorial endorsing, in the name
of the Democratic party and the
‘Southern people, your recent utter
ances and propositions relative to
'Southern political independence. I
do not believe that many Populists
will take any interest in the Jour
nal’s proposition regarding independ
ent action on the part of the South.
If we cannot keep up our present
organization, either as a Populist or
Jeffersonian party, as you suggest,
you will find that there will be thou-
sands of Populists that will vote the
Republican tick°t nationally; just as
thousands did in the recent election.
The Republican gains in our election
last week can be accounted for in no
other way. Many Pops, not realizing
the importance of giving you a large
complimentary vote, so that your pres
tige and influence might not be im
paired, have wandered off into Re
publican camps, or did not vote at all;
and will ever remain there before
they will vote with a party that has
>een so bitter and intolerable to you
and other Populist leaders.
Mr. Watson, such papers as the
Atlanta Journal may inflict you with
many misrepresentations and abuses
which for the time may impair your
leadership, but the people that will
read your side of the controversy as
well as the Democratic misrepresenta
tions and will do their own thinking,
will never lose sight of the fact that
you and your party were the first to
champion every live issue representa
tive of Jeffersonian Democracy that
has been before the people within the
last twenty years.
I consider the attack on you in the
Journal of last Friday as far beneath
decent journalism; ’twould have
been bad enough to have accorded
you patriotic motives and honest pur
poses; but to. accuse you of being an
opportunist, void of patriotism and
honest intentions, is an outrage to
your fair name and reputation as be
ing a Christian gentleman, statesman
and scholar. How can I follow the
lead of such a paper that will engage,
editorially and otherwise, in the most
wicked, malicious and lying misrepre
sentations of one that has accom
plished so much for the middle classes
as you have? No doubt you were
disappointed at the showing made by
the Populist vote in the recent Presi
dential election in this State after
having made such a strenuous cam
paign as you have, but, Mr. Watson,
if you will take into consideration
the rain on election day and our lack
of organization, but for these your
vote would have been nearer 50,000
than 20,000. I know that in this one
precinct of Stone Mountain there
were at least twenty Populists that
did not go to the polls and vote. I
have been looking forward with so
much interest, and have been so im
bued with your ideas of future cam
paigning, that I feel very much de
pressed at the thought of your not be
ing able to lead any longer. This is
a very great and momentous question,
one that should appeal to every liberty
loving Southern and Western white
man. Maybe as time rolls around
it will bring a solution as to what
will be the best way to attain to this
great political undertaking. I am but
an humble private in the ranks;
have a very earnest and patriotic de
sire to be of some service to you in
this great cause, and in the circula
tion of your Jeffersonian Magazine
and the Weekly Jeffersonian. Put
me down as a worker, one that has
stood the test of eighteen years and
has kept in the middle of the road,
and is willing to consecrate as much
time and money for the fts he
“Cbe ’Jeffersonian.
may be able to without neglect of
family responsibilities.
I am ever ypur sincere friend,
Sam. S. Braswell.
MUST ORGANIZE.
Howard, Ga., Nov. 18, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson.
Dear Sir: You invite correspond
ence in regard to the Populists’ or
ganizing.
Let me say, in my own simple way,
that there is no other way on God’s
earth to gain any power except
through organization.
We have gone along since ’96 with
no organized effort, depending upon
the zeal of each Populist individually,
consequently we have dwindled con
siderably. The fight has almost rest
ed wholly upon one great man’s broad
shoulders. I say let’s organize at the
earliest possible date and push the
work for the next four years, and you
will certainly realize the fruits there
of.
And I say not only organize for the
national campaign, but put out can
didates for Governor and State
house officers, and also county offi
cers. When this is done you will see
strange men align themselves with
us. Every time we dabble in the
Democratic primaries (State) we are
hurt and dismembered. And I say
further that I can see no good to be
accomplished, for it matters not how
the Democrats may split, they will
see to one'thing, viz.: that neither
side puts up a really good man. It is
rascal arrayed against rascal, and
the biggest rascal will get there nearly
every time.
So, let me repeat it, that I see no
good nor excuse for the Populists’ go
ing into the Democratic primaries,
unless we want to wreak vengeance
on some certain politicians in Geor
gia, and that would be a risky piece
of business.
Organize, organize, organize!
Yours truly,
W. L. Sosey.
WANTS COUNTY MASS MEET
INGS.
Hawkinsville, Ga., Nov. 14, 1908.
Editor Weekly Jeffersonian: In
the last Weekly Jeffersonian you ask
your friends to write and give their
opinions. We believe that Mr. Bryan
is making money by his perpetual
running, and that the Republicans
were guilty accessories to his nomina
tion, because they knew he was easily
beaten. The (South, specially Geor
gia, failed to catch on to the trick.
•But Bryan and Chairman Mack knew
the cards were stacked, and saw the
shadow of defeat a long way ahead
of the event. While we are the butt
of ridicule for the entire Hamilto
nian press of Georgia, we had rather
act bravely and vote our honest con
victions than to be hoodwinked by
the Republican party, and made to
believe we had a candidate in the
field with a ghost of a chance, whose
victory would be accompanied by
landslides, whirlwinds, cyclones, and
probably earthquakes* and weeping
and gnashing of teeth. We feel sad
when we think of the poor, honest
dupes of the 'South. (Specially those
in Georgia, who tsen in their honest,
hard earned, searee-at-home dollar,
with the full expectation of being a
guest at the final whoop-up of land
slides and whirlwinds. Our sympathy
also goes out to our friends, some of
whom are personal, who at heart were
Jeffersonians, and loved Mr. Watson
and wanted to vote for him, but were
afraid to throw away their vote for
fear it would widen the distance be
tween them and the pie counter. And
poor Hoke, our lusty Governor, he
whom I twice voted for, and made one
speech in Dublin for, to think that he
would be so easily duped as to leave
Georgia and go to New York to make
a speech in behalf of an already de
feated candidate, when a majority of
the New York leaders could have told
him at the time how the election
would go; and he also parted from
some of his dollars in behalf of the
cocktail fund. Now all of the “I’m a
Democrat, my daddy before me was
a Democrat, I’d vote for a yaller dog
if the party was to nominate him,”
and the ‘me too’s” are floundering
about like a blind dog in high oats,
and in their extremity they suggest
old ideas that Mr. Watson and the
Jeffersonians have been proclaiming
for, 10, these many years. All right,
come ahead, boys. You are welcome.
At the last reunion we visited in
Augusta, there was a glass house
erected on Broad street. And it cost
a dime to go into it, and when you
got into it you beheld yourself on all
sides; the walls of each little room
was mirrors, and to get out after you
w’ere once in was almost impossible,
because the paid guide at every door
would direct you wrong. Finally, in
desperation, we went in opposition to
the girls’ directions, and soon came
out all right in the light and sunshine.
Now, friends, you who have paid your
dollar, and got lost in the deal, just
go contrary to the advice of your paid
guides, and you, too, will see the
light again. And, mark me, unless
the ballot does something soon, ere
long it will be too late, no matter
what wars your daddy, or grandaddy,
fought in, nor how long you have
“voted ’er straight,” unless you
change soon our Republican form of
government will change for you. I,
for one, will continue to vote my
honest convictions until the penalty
for so doing becomes death. We are
highly in favor of calling a mass
meeting in every county in the State
of all the citizens who love the prin
ciples of government as laid down by
Jefferson, Jackson, et al., and later on
a State meeting by delegation, and,
finally, a national meeting, or, rather,
a Southern national meeting, and con
tinue the fight all along the lines,
from Genesis to Revelation. I -note
that Mr. Osborn, of Savannah, is out
in a letter that would have been good
reading two months before the elec-*
tion. Am also anxious, if possible, to
know whether Judge Taft inspected
and approved Mr. Bryan’s telegram
of congratulations before the votes;
were counted., If yes, how long be-