man who is familiar with St. Louis,) to take
him to the slums of that great Southern City,
he will see sights that will cure him of his
bellyache about the heathen.
In Los Angeles, there is a missionary who
served twelve years in China. His name is
Dr. August Bach. He has quit, tie has seen
and heard enough to sicken him with the
work. He says, in effect, that the Chinese
profess Christianity to get at the loaves and
fishes. He says that many Elsie Sigel cases
have occurred in the Chinese mission field.
(But they are kept covered up.)
As the Tifton Solomon is so anxiously con
cerned about me and his father, and so eager
to have the truth vindicated, I suggest that
he write to Dr. Bach, or to Dr. Asa Black
burn, of New York, or to Mrs. Charlotte
Smith, Mrs. Florence Todd, and Miss Helen
Clark.
As to the self-sacrifice of those who take
up mission work, it is of about the same kind
as that of the applicants for appointments in
the consular service of the various nations.
If I had to make choice between a foreign
consulship and a missionary appointment, I
would choose the latter every pop. Consuls
don’t live in such elegant houses as the mis
sionaries do. Consuls are not as well paid as
the foreign missionaries are. Consuls do not
enjoy as much luxurious vacation, at summer
homes, as the missionaries take. Besides,
consular work is more tedious, disagreeable
and sustained than that of the average mis
sionary. ♦
Finally, Solomon the Second, —I have not
published any “ false and erroneous reproach
es against the Church of Christ”.
Have not even said a word against the
principle of Foreign Missions. On the con
trary, have confined my criticisms to the
modern, unscriptural methods of doing the
work. In my opinion, it is an infernal shame
and national disgrace that we pay no ade
quate attention to the millions of destitute,
illiterate, irreligious, and starving poor in
our own midst, but are howling forever for
money to equip boarding establishments, or
phan asylums, free commissaries, houses of
refuge, costly colleges, etc., for the negroes
in Africa, slant-eyed hypocrites in China,
and decadent, low caste Hindoos in India.
To My Friends in the Farmers’
Union! Ask President John
Lee These Questions
My friends, in dll the Unions, should de
mand that my open charges he met in the
open. As John Lee has taken sides with
those guilty parties, Duckworth, Ladson and
Bodenhamer, he must take the consequences.
I don't believe that the country people are
going to put up with such doings as are go
ing on at Union City.
You might ask him the following ques
tions :
(1) How did Mr. Bodenhamer, who is not
an editor, but who is simply a city printer,
and business manager of Duckworth’s paper,
become eligible to membership in the Farm
ers’ Union?
(2) Why was he retained after it was pub
lished in the newspapers, and admitted to be
true by him (in a card which he published)
that he secretly went before the Republican
Committee, and, without any authority from
me, or any other member of the Populist par
ty, tried, to get boodle from the Republicans?
(3) Who was at that secret meeting dur
ing the session of the Birmingham Conven
tion, which did not break up until three
o’clock in the morning, and which chose Bo
denhamer as a delegate, to the Toronto Con
vention, after Mr. Grady, of Kentucky, had
been chosen in the open session?
(4) Is it not true that the Farmers’ Union
secretly sent this same man, Bodenhamer, as
Gl)e 3&ffcrsonian
the representative of the National Farmers’
Union to the Convention of the International
Typographical Union, which was held in St.
Joseph, Missouri?
(5) IF Ay is it that they dare not publish
in the Union News, or in the Atlanta Consti
tution, those explanations and defences that
they are sending around on the sly, at the ex
pense of the farmers of this State?
(6) Ask him to explain the difference be
tween Merchant Marine and Ship Subsidy.
Ask him how it is that Mr. Duckworth pro
poses to build up the Merchant Marine with
out a Ship Subsidy of some sort? Ask him
whether Duckworth were paid anything for
those three pages that he gave to the T. J.
Brooks article, which is almost word for
word the Ship Subsidy argument published
in The American Flag, the magazine of the
Ship Subsidy League.
(7) zDA him how he stands on the Pearre
bill, which proposes to take from the Courts
the power to protect a man’s business?
(8) Ask him whether he thinks it is right
that the farmers should refuse to buy goods
that have no Union label on them ?
(9) JM* him if he indorses Ladson’s tele
gram to Samuel Gompers, in which Ladson
assured Gompers that the National Farmers’
Union was with him in his defiance of the
Courts?
(10) Ask him whether he knows that
25,425 vessels belong to the United States,
and that American citizens own, to the extent
of one million tons, those European ships
> are all howling about?
(11) Ask him why it was that Duckworth
bought out that man Harris, who invested
about twenty-five thousand dollars at Union
City, and who fell out with Duckworth, es
tablished a newspaper, and began to attack
Duckworth? VI hat was it that Harris could
tell on Duckworth that made Duckworth buy
him off? Very truly yours,
a rm xt Thos. E. Watson.
1 • The Neal Bank officials who were
roped in by Ladson were President E. H.
Thornton and Vice-President W. F. Manry-
John Lee to the contrary, notwithstanding
T. E. W.
Fears Mr. Watson May be As
sassinated
Dear Sir:—Please find inclosed one dollar for
subscription to the Weekly Jeffersonian. I don’t
make any charge for what I do for you, for I am
as much interested in the betterment of the people
as you are.
I notice in your paper the announcement that
after getting through with Socialism, you will
start on Catholicism. I admonish you now to be
careful of yourself, for that element, especially
the Jesuits, will do anything to revenge them
selves on you. They have got an element that
follows them blindly: for anything that the holy
father wants done, they can get fanatics enough
to do it. I hope it will not turn out that way, but
I know what I am talking about, for I was raised
up amongst them. Your friend,
Aaron, Georgia. JACOB ROCKER.
I know enough of the record of the Cath
olic hierarchy to feel the force of what Bro.
Rocker says. Popes, Cardinals and priests
(especially the Jesuits) balk at no crime,
when the welfare of the hierarchy is at stake.
They killed Professor Ferrer, a few weeks
ago, for no other cause than that he was
boldly introducing modern schools into
priest-ridden Spain.
In the hot campaigns of the Nineties, I
owed my life to the devotion of friends.
Even the Governor of the State said that I
ought to be killed. (He would not say that
now.) In the most critical times, my dwell
ing had to be picketed. It may have to be
guarded, in the same way, again. But, all
the same, though I die for it, the people
shall learn the truth about this detestable
hierarchy, which has ever been the relentless
and unscrupulous foe of human progress and
civil liberty.
The Most Shameful Misuse of
the People's Money
Did you know that your Government spent
several thousand dollars of your money try
ing to locate John Jacob Astor?
It was at the time of the storm off the
Florida coast, a few weeks ago. Astor had
come over from Europe in his magnificent
yacht, had arranged for a private and secret
divorce from his wife, and had then sailed
toward the West Indies. The newspapers all
began to have fits about him, as it was sup
posed that he was in the track of the hurri
cane.
Douglas Robinson (brother-in-law of Mr.
Roosevelt) took it upon himself to rush down
to Washington from New York to get the
Government to hunt for the Astor million
aire. these New York magnates own dozens
of ocean-going yachts and are the richest men
the world ever contained; but they had no
idea of spending any of their cash, or send
ing any of their ships to search for John
Jacob. No sir. They demanded, through
Douglas Robinson, that your vessels be used
and your money spent—and their demands
were honored.
Several of your ships went scouring around
hunting for Astor, and cablegrams and wire
less messages were flashed at your expense.
Several thousand dollars of your hard-earned
money was squandered in this absolutely un
lawful manner. Nobody cared a fig for all
the other men who were endangered by the
storm. Everybody was wrought up about
Astor—who spends abroad the rents which
Americans pay him.
And it turned out that while the Govern
ment was prostituting its powers in Astor’s
supposed interest, he was enjoying himself on
a bicycle hundreds of miles south.
Not a Democrat in Congress protested
when the Republicans took SBO,OOO of your
money and built 3,000 houses for the dagos
in Sicily: I wonder whether a single one of
them will make trouble for the Taft adminis
tration because of that Astor search.
No Government has any business doing
things of that kind. None other than ours
cuts such capers.
the bye, the Italians refused to lend a
helping hand in the matter of the 3,000
houses. Our marines had to unload the ma
terial to erect the dwellings, all by themselves.
The dagos were asked to assist, but refused.
Don t you feel that it was outrageous to mis
appropriate your money in that way?)
Who Wrecked the Neal Bank?
Two winters ago, a sea of sad and anx
ious faces were seen gazing dismally upon
the closed doors of an Atlanta bank. We are
now entering the third winter after the crash,
and the nine thousand depositors have re
ceived only 55 per cent, of their money. They
will not get any more this winter.
How was the Neal Bank wrecked? How
were those nine thousand depositors plunged
into embarrassment—some of them into the
deepest misery?
An unscrupulous Atlanta lawyer went to
the President and the Vice-President of the
bank, and escorted them up into a high moun
tain. He showed them the profits to be
reaped in a Cuban land speculation.
In violation of law, and recreant to trust,
E. H. Thornton and W. F. Manry, the two
high officials of the bank, went partners with
Ladson in the speculation in Cuban land; and
TO MY FRIENDS IN THE FARMERS’ UNION!
Boys, won’t you see me a fair fight? Make
those Union City would-be Bosses meet me in the
open. Make them stop this private-letter and
secret-meeting policy. THEY ARE DUPING YOU
WITH LIES.
MAKE THEM FIGHT FAIR!
PAGE THIRTEEN