PAGE FOUR
Netos and Vietos of Various Things
By Tom Dolan.
As to Near-beer.
Mr. Wise, of Fayette, has brought up the
Prohibition question in the House again, in
an effort to reduce the permissible percentage
of alcohol in near-beers and similar beverages
to one and a half and also to increase the tax
to S2OO per annum on all places selling the
stuff. Mr. Wise would be as sapient as his
name indicates if he would also bring promi
nently forward the fact that it’s not so much
the percentage allowed in near-beer that is im
portant as the kind of alcohol used. There is
no minimum which would make wood-spirit
safe; and methyl alcohol, or wood-spirit, and
the fusel oil group contain as deadly poison
to the human system as can be found in the
range of toxicology. One of the unexplained
and most appalling effects of methyl alcohol,
is that it may cause total and hopeless blind
ness. Since there seems to be a great deal
more ‘ 1 loco” associated with the drinking of
these near-beers than is proportionate to the
percentage of intoxicant contained, what sort
of alcohol is used to tincture these so-called
brews should be ascertained as well as how
much.
The Great Mass Meetings.
The cities of Georgia responded to the call
for general mass meetings to condemn the
Convict Lease system and draft resolutions
demanding its abolishment forthwith. One of
the largest of these was held in Atlanta Sun
day afternoon, at which Judge Covington, of
Colquitt, E. V. Carter, of Atlanta, and Sea
born Wright, of Rome, were the speakers.
After the System, the Prison Commission and
the Lessees had all had theirs, Seab. observed
the blur of grey heads before him and sailed
into the audience awhile like the proverbial
‘ ‘ Dutch Uncle. ’ ’ Told ’em they were as much
responsible for the System as anybody else,
and asked them why they had not backed up
with their ballots, long ago, the men who had
been fighting the wrong for years, instead of
scrambling for dollar's. He deplored the ‘ 1 self
ish, brutal indifference” of the age to its civic
responsibility and pleaded nobly for a love of
State as well as home. The crowd was hard
ly expecting the investigating probe to search
out its own shortcomings, but received the re
buke in the proper spirit. If only—iflhmly—
men and women could be brought to feel that
pride in the purity of the State in peace,
which they feel for its valor in war, how soon
would all injustice and corruption be impossi
ble! Such mass meetings do much to bring
men close together, and arouse the right pub
lic sentiment.
Farmers’ Union Convention.
The Georgia Division of the Farmers’ Un
ion held its annual session in Macon July 28,
29 and 30, the meeting being the largest and
most enthusiastic ever held by this organiza
tion in the State. About 600 delegates were
present. The old officers were re-elected with-
THE JEFERSONIAN.
out opposition, as follows: R. L. Duckworth,
President; J. B. Quinby, Vice President; J.
T. Daniel, Secretary and Treasurer; J. L.
Lee, Organizer, and J. G. Eubanks, Business
Agent. Messrs. Hoyle, Anderson, Smith,
Hoge and Martin were re-elected as Executive
Committee. The following were elected dele
gates to the National Convention of the Farm
ers’ Union which meets in Ft. Worth, Texas,
on September 4: Miss Jimmy Doster, J. Pope
Brown, T. L. Hawkins, Yancey Carter and M.
L. Day. Resolutions condemning the present
Convict Lease System, and other important
matters were passed by the body.
The Sultan’s Submission.
The “Sick man of the East” has at last
had to take a pill in the shape of granting a
Constitution to his long-suffering subjects.
Like most liberties, the people obtained it
when they went after it behind the gun. All
political prisoners were released and a new
era is dawning in Turkey.
The rebels in Persia have not, up to date,
fared so victoriously. Bomb-throwing, violence
and murder have been practiced in Teheran
and Tabriz by the revolutionists and the gov
ernment troops. The latter, mostly Cossacks,
are learning to use machine guns under the
tutelage of Russian officers. The situation
is very muddled, as are all situations wherein
the craft and brutality of the Orient are con
cerned.
Henri Farman’s Airship.
Six hundred feet is the record of flight made
by Henri barman aeroplane at Brighton Beach,
at an elevation of about 20 feet. If they can’t
get any higher in the air than this, the in
terests of economy would suggest that a
prairie schooner on stilts would be as graceful
and effective, besides offering convenient poles
down which to slide in case of collision with
an unwary lamp post. That Florida village
which passed ordinances regulating the speed
of airships in crossing over their town was
wise—as it probably provided they must go
at least one mile per hour in order not to
blockade indefinitely the mule carts and pro
duce wagons.
However, that’s only good natured chaff.
When one thinks how splendidly science and
invention have wrought toward the better
ment of humanity, while theology and law and
political economy have lagged far, far be
hind, it is with profound respect that each
new project is hailed. We are no longer
astonished at anything scientists tell us can
be done, whichds the highest tribute our con
fidence could pay them. And a queerly di
vided lot they are: While one is engaged in
extracting from the air about us the nitro
gen which is the basis of all life, and which
was* growing so scarce in the world as to
threaten the food supply at no very distant
day, another is busy with some deadly engine
of war; the life-saving anti-toxines are the
product of the same age as the hideous Mauser
Maxim —what a contrast. The latter, by the
way, has progressed a step further in the
making of death silent and sudden, in the
perfection of a noiseless gun that it gives
one the shivers to think about. Hereafter
only a slight click will announce the end of
the “innocent bystander.” The reverberant
military salute will be relegated to the past.
Visiting About.
President Fallieres, of France, has been to
see Czar Nicholas; the Prince of Wales came
over to Canada, where he was shown warm
welcome by “Our Lady of the Snows,” the
King and Queen of England pleasantly re
ceived the Peace Conference —while their Ad
miral Beresford was quite innocently engaged
in showing Kaiser Wilhelm that the British
navy wouldn’t do a thing to Germany if it
didn’t behave; our own fleet has been having
a gaudy sail over Southern seas, and, it is
said that King Alfonso had his mother-in-law
walk in on him “ and-walk-right-out-again, ”
breathing step-maternal wrath just like real
folks. Meantime, China is making ia last, de--
spiaring effort to get rid of the Dalai Lama,
or Pope of Thibet, who, with his train, has
been quartered upon her hospitality for the
past two years, and who is serenely indiffer
ent to an overstayed welcome. How the lin
gering guest may be reverently, yet firmly,
sped is a question corrugating Oriental brows;
the cheerful Occidental: “Here’s your hat,
must you go?” would not work at all where
the kow-tow is incumbent
Must Have Been the Real Thing.
The lady who was dragged by the hair for
a whole block in the wake of an automobile, '
had a frightful experience, but the great satis
faction of proving that there were no store
bought goods on her head —no rats, ruffs, puffs,
nor other towering, but unsubstantial, struc
tures with which the ladies embellish them
selves these days, and against which Repre
sentative Glenn has been thundering in the
Legislature. We learn that this gentleman
now seriously considers going upon the lecture
platform, no doubt to further his crusade
against the deceivers who “entrap man into
matrimony” by the use of rats, ruffles,
rouge, and like iniquities. Take care, Mr.
Glenn! The platform is closely akin to the
stage, whereon pirouettes animated paint,
powder and pads, which, like other evils seen
too oft, you’d “first endure, then pity, then
embrace. ’ ’
The Absinthe Habit.
Switzerland has been having a little taste
of prohibition activity lately in her effort to
stop the use of the deadly absinthe. This
distillation of worm-wood, which is doing so
much to devastate the young manhood of
France, has already been prohibited as to its
manufacture and sale in most of the cantons
and the storm center is now in Geneva. ? vt