OUR CASH PRIZE CONTEST,
(Continued from Page Eleven.)
to the morning of March 4th we re
ceived subscriptions from fifty-six of
our agents, and uKng this week we
hope to hear from hundreds more.
The contest will close on the morning
of April Ist, and the winners will be
announced in our paper of April Bth.
Next week we will give the number
of points made by each contestant.
By the way, we want more agents,
all over the United States. Come in
now and win some money, in addition
to the liberal commissions which we
are offering.
The names of the contestants on
the morning of March 4th were as
follows:
Alabama.
R. E. Smith.
E. C. Glover.
H. M. Gay.
J. A. Rudolph.
Arkansas.
G. C. Orsburn.
L. King.
Florida.
G. C. Maddox.
Lonnie Davis.
F. H. Lawson.
C. P. Warnock.
Georgia.
S. B. Tarver.
F. M. Thornton.
H. Ashmore.
R. F. Graham.
S. W. Jackson.
Chas. Ross Thaxton.
H. W. Nalley.
W. T. Evans.
T. W. Brooks.
E. 0. Smith.
J. A. Abernathy.
T. L. Dixon.
J. A. Burnett.
T. W. Clonts.
W. P. Mims.
J. W. Watson.
Jas. Reese.
R. E. Braddy.
R. H. Tootle.
Jas. W. Hill.
W. A. Ellington.
H. A. Cook.
Ruth Ray Moore.
F. M. Payne.
Miss Mildred Colquitt.
J. B. Logan.
Miss Eula Mobley.
C. J. N. Clark.
T. M. Wright.
Kentucky.
Sidney Woosley.
Mississippi.
W. B. Wall.
J. A. Rees.
J. M. Aven.
J. B. Gartrell.
N. M. Hollingsworth.
Nebraska.
R. Armstrong.
A. Bowden.
Jno. W. Denton.
Oklahoma.
Pearl West.
Pennsylvania.
T. A. McJunkin.
F. F. Weintz.
Tennessee.
L. S. Jones. •
J. M. Brumbalow.
Texas.
W. E. Bryson.
S. L. Shamburger.
Win. Watt.
MORE ABOUT THE ASYLUM.
Continued from Page Seven.)
fully turned over to the guardian?
6. If they can prove that they were
not crazy, can’t they get damage out
of somebody, or the ordinary?
7. If they get crippled while in the
State Asylum, can not thSy make the
state or the ones that sent them there
pay damage for it under the present
laws of Georgia ? Is not the ordinary
or jury or the ones that sent him
there liable for damage when he gets
crippled while he was'there?
I will say that he was not crazy at
the time he was sent off.
I wish you would wirte to Mr. T.
L. O’Kelley at Conyers, Ga., about the
above questions and let him know
what you think about it, and what
you will charge him to represent him
in court here in Conyers, Ga.
I take enough interest in the matter
for him to write this letter. I will
close for this time. I remain your
friend, L.
Gold Spectacles Free
VZrite and Get a Handsome
10-karat Pair Os The
V j**!*lKi*7*»ll3kCi' 9
Not Only For Trial —But to Keep Forever,
DON’T SEND ME A CENT
as I am going to give away at least one
hundred-thousand pairs of the Dr. Haux
famous “Perfect Vision” Spectacles to genu
ine. bona-fide spectacle—wearers in the next
few weeks —on one easy, simple condition.
I want you to thoroughly try them on
your own eyes, read and sew with them
and put them to any test you like in your
own home as long as you please.
Then after you have become absolutely
and positively convinced that they are.
really and truly the softest, clearest and
best-fitting glasses you have ever had on
your eyes, you can keep them fprever
without a cent of pay, and
Just Do Me A Good Turn
by showing them around to your neighbors
and friends and speak a good word for
them everywhere, at every opportunity.
Won t you help me introduce the won
derful Dr, Haux “ Perfect Vision ” Spec
tacles in your locality on this easy,
simple condition?
If you are a genuine, bona-fide spectacle
wearer (no children need apply) and want
to do me this favor, write me at. once and
lust say: “Dear Doctor: Mail me your
Home Eye Tester, absolutely free
of charge, also full particulars of your
handsome 10—karat Spectacle Offer,”
and address me personally and I will
give your letter my qwq personal atten
tion. Address: DR. HAUX, (Personal),
Haux Building, St. Louis, Mo.
NOTE:—The above is the largest Mail Order Spec
tacle House in the world, and is perfectly reliah’-
i«X"e.jX. cX'i'V'ie THESE ARE THE KIND THAT MADS SOUTH
*
They need no introduction. We guarantee FULL COUNT, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED. Send money with order,
othetwise plants will be shipped C. o. D. and you will have to pay return charges on the money, thus adding to the cost of your plants*
. Prices F. o. B. Young’s Island: 500 for $1.00; 1,000 to 4,000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8,000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9,000 to 20,000 at SI.OO pfer 1,000. Special
prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries. ~ ... .
Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. ML GIBSON, BOX 33, Young' S Island, S. C. i
Jeffersonian
FreetoYou-My Sister Suffering From Woman’s Ailments
I am a woman.
I know woman’s sufferings.
I have found the cure.
I will mail, free of any charge, my hone treat
mint with full instructions to any sufferer from
woman’s ailments. 1 want to tell all women about
cure ~you, m y reader, for yourself, your
daughter, your mother, or your sister. 1 want to
' 1 y° u how to cure yourselves at home with
> ou -t the help of a doctor. Men cinnit understand
PWwWfW,. •' 1 women’s sufferings. What we women know from
' 1 •’P’ritnci, we know better than any doctor. I
R; ‘ j • • 1 know that my home treatment is safe and sure
cure for Leucsrrhoea or Whitish discharges, Ulcsratlon, Dis
placemint or Falling of ths Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful
Ik $ rsrtods, Uterine or Ovarian Turnon, or Growths; also paint Io
head, back and bowels, bearing down feelings, nervoasnsss,
creeping feeling up the tpine, melancholy, desire to cry, hot
¥> rflashes, weariness, kidney, end bladder troubles whore caused
fcf weaknesses peculiar to our sex.
X 1 want to Bend y° u » complete ten day’s treatment
entirely free to prove to you that you can cure
yourself at neme, easily, quickly and
surely. Remember, that, it will cost you nothing to
... .. A give the treatment a complete trial; and if you
wish to continue, it will cost you only about 12 cents a week or less than two cents a day. It
will not Interfere with your work or occupation. Just send mo your name and address, tell me how you
suffer If you wish, and I will send you the treatment for your case, entirely free,in plain wrap-
IW 4 aI9 P send y° u freeof cost, my book-”WOMAN’S OWR MEDICAL ADVISER’’ with
e JP* ana " OI T illustrations showing why women suffer, and how they can easily cure themselves
at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to think for herself. Then when the doctor says—-
.v ou must have an operation, you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured
W /! h 1 ? y cures all old or young, To Mothers of Daughters, I will explain a
simple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leucorrhoea, Green Sickness and
rainful or Irregular Menstruation in young Ladies, Plumpness and health always results from
IVo XX80«
Wherever you Jive, I can refer you to ladies of your own locality who know and will gladly
tell any sufferer that this Homo Treatment really curss all women’s diseases, and makes women well,
strong, plump and robust. Just send me your address, and the free ten day’s treatment la ynnrs alao
the book. Write to-day, as you may not see this offer again. Address
MRS. M. SUMMERS, Box 432 - - South Bend, Ind., U. S.A.
The Best Fertilizers for Corn
That the yield of corn from the average farm can be greatly in
creased by intelligent and liberal fertilization has been repeatedly
demonstrated. Large crops of good corn result from preparing the
land well, using the right kind and quantity of fertilizer, good seed
and proper cultivation.
Virginia-Carolina
Fertilizers
will greatly “ increase your yield per acre ” of corn or any other crop.
In some cases remarkable results have been obtained.
Mr. C. W. Caruthers of Sumpter County, Fla., writes: “Words
cannot express the value of your fertilizer. It is really so far ahead
of other companies’goods, that it would not pay anyone to use other
brands, were they given free and put in the field. I can prove what
I sav to be a fact I made a test on five acres. I used on one half
the land your fertilizer and on the other half another company’s fertil
izer, same grade; the land received the same cultivation every time.
I kept a correct account of the amount of money I got off each half
ana I got S3OO more from the land on which I used Virginia-Carolina
Fertilizer than I did off the other half. I got four times as much
corn from the land on which I used your fertilizer.”
Write today to nearest office of the Virginia-Carolina Chemical
Company for a free copy of the new 1909 Farmers’ Year-Book or
Almanac, full of the most valuable and unprejudiced information for
planters and farmers; or ask your fertilizer dealer for a copy.
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Sales Offices Sales Offices
Richmond, Va. Durham, N.C.
Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S. C.
AtS“c!' C ’ RMiylnla CarpnnaJ Baltimore, Md.
Atlanta. Ua. Columbus, Ga.
Savannah, Ga. Montgomery, Ala.
Memphis, Tenn. Shreveport, La.
. . -
12 Grand Easter Souvenir Post Cards—FßEE.
The most beautiful Easter Cards ever produced—4 Angels, 4 Easter Flowers, 4
Crosses and Flowers; heavy embossed, colors and gold. Most tasty and appro
priate Easter Cards in the world. Nothing else equal to them. Send 4 cents for
postage and packing and we will send these 12 grand Easter cards free. Also
our plan whereby you can get fifty other magnificent post cards free. Address
THE SIMMONS PUBLISHING CO M 249 Washington St.. Springfield. Ohio.
PAGE FIFTEEN