THE SUNNY SOUTH BROTHERHOOD
OUR FIRST MEETING.
It has been suggested that we have a big
meeting at Thomson, Ga., the second week in
May, to organize our Brotherhood, and we
ask every one who is interested in the move
ment to let us know if they expect to be pres
ent. We don’t anticipate a large attendance
of foreign missionaries, but we do believe
that every HOME MISSION worker in the
South, who is able to come, will be present.
As soon as the exact date is determined, we
shall issue a cordial invitation to ALL mis
sion workers. If all goes well, it will be a
grand, soul-stirring meeting, and one of the
gravest importance to the welfare of the
South. Drop a card right away, addresSbd
to the Sunny South Brotherhood, Thom
son, Ga.
A BIG OLD WORLD.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson—Dear Sir:—l re
member, very pleasantly, hearing my father
speak of you, and I regret that I have never
had the opportunity of knowing you. I trust,
however, that I will have this pleasure one of
these days. I want to congratulate you on the
movement you have started to help the unfor
tunate people in our country, and I am en
closing a copy of a letter, to show you that I
have helped one of them just a little. I do
not mean for this letter to be published, but
advise you so that you will consider this in
prorating whatever subscriptions you receive.
It is a very worthy movement you have un
dertaken, and I believe it will result in much
good. With kindest personal regards, I beg
to remain, Very truly yours, L. J. Hulsey
(Cashier Commercial Bank, Unadilla, Ga.)
(The letter which Mr. Hulsey does not wish
us to publish enclosed a check to relieve one of
the saddest cases which we reported last week.
The letter ends: “This is a big old world, you
know, and there may be some good-people in
it whom you have never yet known of.” Mr.
Hulsey, we are sure, will forgive us for quot
ing that little sentence. The Sunny South
Brotherhood is for the purpose of bringing
the folks who need the help to the good peo
ple whom they do not know. Here’s the proof
of the pudding, right here. The work—this
glorious HOME MISSION work, is being
done. Let every one who reads this pitch in
to help the FOLKS AT HOME.}
UNCLE CHARLIE AGAIN.
Dear Daddy Jim :—l’m sending you a few
letters from shut-ins that I feel sure will in
terest you. It will be June before I can list
these appeals and secure them help, so I feel
sure you’ll do what you can to get them aid
right away, as you go to press weekly, while
we only publish once a month.
Wallop ’Em Good.
“After reading these letters, and studying
these cases, I know you’ll agree with me that
it’s a scandal, crime, and a damnable shame
for the South-eastern States to send one dol
lar abroad for missions, while—and this espe
cially is the case with North Carolina—there
is so much frightful suffering and poverty
right at their very doors. Get after them,
Daddy Jim, wallop ’em good—the Lord
knows they need it. So glad The Jefferson
ian gave Rockefeller’s pastor a dressing. His
wealthy congregation could care for 100 of
these helpless, incurable cases. Christ would;
but then Christ didn’t get $15,000 a year and
a long summer vacation, nor had He a buzz
wagon and other gilded toys that put him
out of sympathy with the poor He loved and
ministered to, the very class His (?) ministers
of today have no interest in and no earthly
use for, and in the majority of cases do not
give one continental damn for.
151)* 3effersonlan
By DADDY JIM
Until That Day.
“Rockefeller’s pastor has Rockefeller’s ear,
and could get millions from the Oil King for
needy, helpless sick of the land, z/ he cared to,
and would make a plea for them. But he
won’t, and no one will. The poor must help
the poor, and it will be just that way for quite
a few years longer, or at least until the peo
ple have sense enough to take the running of
their country and its government from the
wolves and parasites that now control it, into
their own hands. Then there will be a change,
and not till then. And, O God! how the poor
must suffer until that day arrives.
“Yours, in the cause of suffering humanity,
Uncle Charlie (Charles Noel Douglas).”
Here are two of the letters. We will pub
lish the others next week:
NEAR THE POOR HOUSE.
Dear Uncle Charlie: —I know that you
are overrun with letters, but I have wanted to
write for a long time, and let you hear from
me, but as I had nothing to write on, I had to
put it off until now. Since you put my name
in Comfort, I have received about four dol
lars. Some of my mail went to Prosperity,
N. C. There was a mistake in my address in
one or two issues of Comfort. I want to
thank you for all you have done for me. If
I had not gotten a rolling chair, we would
have had so break up and go to the County
Home or Poor House, as it is usually called,
and it is all that we can do to keep away as
it is. We have had it hard this winter. We
do not get any help now. I answered all let
ters and cards sent me, when names and ad
dresses were sent. I can’t see that we improve
any. Wife is a little better, but very little. I
still stay about the same. lam chief cook, on
my wheel chair. I want to send for one of
your books as soon as I can. I can’t get the
subscriptions. Uncle, I want to thank you
and Mr. Gannett for all you have done for
me. If I had not got the chair, I would have
been at the poor-house today. I saw in the
papers that two of my schoolmates died in the
poor-house a short time ago. (Nice wind-up
for American citizens—Uncle Charlie.) It is
sad to think of, yet none of us know what we
are to come to in this life. It is hard with us,
and yet I try to be cheerful, and bear it all
with patience, trusting in an all-wise and
merciful God for all things. Let me con
gratulate you for what you are doing for us
poor shut-ins. May God bless and reward
you a hundred fold, and may you live long
and be able to carry on the good work you are
doing. Excuse me for taking up your time.
—Yours devotedly, H. S. Knight, Prosperity,
S. C., Rt. 4.
HELP THE OLD FOLKS.
Dear Uncle Charlie: —Will write you a
line or two to let you know my condition is
growing worse. So you will please put an ap
peal in The Comfort again for me. Ohl it’s
hard on my poor mother. She is seventy
years old and has all of her work to do, and
she is nearly broke down, and if I could earn
a little more, I could get a girl to stay with
us and do the work. You can’t imagine how
hard it is on her. She has to carry the water
one-half mile, and up a hill at that, and it
takes a lot of water for me to use, and she has
to get all of the wood and do all that is done,
and you know I’m lots of trouble. Papa is
ninety-one years old and can’t do anything,
and we need help, if any one ever did. So if
you can ask the readers of “Comfort” to help
me by buying my jewelry, and helping me in
other ways, I can get a girl. I am trying so
hard to earn a little money by selling my
jewelry and other things. Your other ap
peals helped me out a lot, or I would have
been in lots worse condition. My expense is
great, and I have to buy such as I can eat, as
I can’t eat just any and everything. So I
hope you can find space in The Comfort to
appeal for me. I will close, as I can't write
much, for I’m cold. We live in a bad house,
and I can’t keep warm. So good-bye. Hope
z you are well. May God bless you is my pray
er.—Your crippled friend, John Presnell,
Long Island, Ala.
HERE IS A CASE FOR HELP.
Dear Brothers and Sisters: —I want to
join the Sunny South Brotherhood and be
come a working member. I think it is a good
idea and will be a good thing. There is a
poor crippled man in my community that has
not walked in two years. He lives with his
two daughters, his wife being dead. I try to
help him all I can, but I am poor, and I think
when I join the Brotherhood I can be of more
help to him. He will be thankful for any
aid that you may give him. I will distribute
six copies of The Jeffersonian, if you will
send them. I like Mr. Watson, because he is
trying to help out the poor people. I am go
ing to try to get some subscribers to The
Jeffersonian. I think it is a good paper. I
am a member of the Methodist Church, and
I like the Golden Rule. I think Mr. Watson
a chosen vessel, and I pray God’s richest
blessings on him. With best wishes. —Mrs.
M. E. George, Covena, Ga.
TEACH US TO BE BETTER.
Dear Daddy Jim :—What a glorious thing
the Sunny South Brotherhood is going to bel
How many poor and needy ones there are at
home that need the attention that is being
given by those foreign missionaries, and
many that are cared for in the foreign coun
tries that are able to support themselves,
when they are receiving help from some poor
invalid here in our country. I think the
Brotherhood would teach us to be better peo
ple and provide better sanitariums for the
sick and spend our money for more purposes
at home. Help us to be more charitable than
we are. I now wish all prosperity to the
' Sunny South Brotherhood. —Edna Pilkin
ton, Thunder, Ga.
THE HOME FOLKS FIRST.
Trite Sunny South Brotherhood :—The
name touches a tender spot and vibrates in
every heart. The Sunny South, our home.
“There Is No Place Like Home.” Let us
move onward; mighty Emperors have, risen
but to fall. May we keep our country in the
scale of nobleness. Our fore-fathers strug
gled hard to gain freedom for us; may our
flag always wave her colors over the best
people in the world. I am for sending preach
ers to other countries, but not millions of
dollars that are needed at home. Let us obey
the Divine Command, “Love Our Neighbors
as Ourselves.” Do unto others as you would
like to be done by, and God will bless our la
, bors and we can say:
“A heart that can feel for another’s woe,
And share his goods with genial glow;
With sympathies large enough to enfold, ,
All men as brothers, is better than gold.”
—Elizabeth Wall, Madison, Ga.
A CONTRIBUTION.
Dear Daddy Jim :—Enclosed find dime for
a Shut-in. Would like to be a member of the
“Sunny South Brotherhood”. It is a great
game; would like to have a button, too. —H.
C. Flannagan, Mcßae, Ga., R. F. D. 1.
(continued on page twenty)
PAGE FIVE