PAGE TWELVE
A REMARKABLE EDITORIAL.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
upon their usual errands. London has
learned that if a plebeian is permitted to
do.a little denouncing now and then, un
disturbed, it promotes the action of his
liver, clears his brain of fever, and makes
a better citizen of him, if not a busier
one.
■ -Chicago, apparently, will never learn.
Iler bull-necked and bull-brained Shaacks
£.nd Hartnetts, years ago, drove a group
of dreaming, sad-eyed German students
to madness with their clubs; and when
one of these poor fools filled a piece of
gaspipe with gunpowder, attached a fuse,
lit it and hurled the bomb into a squad
of policemen, killing and mangling sev
eral of them, Chicago rose in her might
and slew the dreamers on the gallow
tree. She had first hounded them from
their own little meeting places, hunting
them like wild beasts and denouncing
them in her great newspapers (byway
of making political capital for some very
cheap specimens later relegated to obscur
ity), and whon her own lawlessness bore
its perfect fruit in the Haymarket massa
cre, she broke their necks byway of vin
dicating her own virtue. Thus, she told
the world, she wiped out anarchy.
Poor blind Chicago, not to know that
her worst anarchists were then, as they
are now, and bid fair always to be, the
men that have plundered her treasury,
Stolen her streets and public services, rob
bed her school children by dodging taxes,
brutalized her policemen byway of sup
pressing popular revolt, muzzled her press
to shut off the complaints of the suppress
ed majority, stuffed her ballot boxes to
cheat the public will, and finally tricked
her people in her courts of justice—sorry
word for institutions so perverted!
The measure of our civilization is the
measure of the freedom we give each
other.
Anarchy at the top of society makes
socialism at the bottom.
® ® ®
Were the Greenbacks "Burnt ?
Hon. T. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
My Dear Sir: There are a great many
gold and silver Democrats in this section
of country that claim there have never
been any greenbacks destroyed by fire or
any other way by the Government. I
wish you to state in your paper the
amounts and dates as near as possible,
if not too much trouble. Very truly,
J. T. M.
Reply :
The only way that any one can argue
the question with any hope of convincing
the average Democrat, is by using the
government teports.
If he will turn to page 22 of the U. S.
Statistical Abstract for 1886, he will see
that State-bank notes, Demand notes, one
and two year notes, Compound interest
notes, National bank notes, Legal tender
notes (Greenbacks), Legal tender certifi
cates, Silver certificates, and gold certifi-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
cates are given in the official table as
parts of the currency then in circulation.
If he will then turn to page 36 of the U.
S. Statistical Abstract for 1895, he will
find a statement of the money in circula
tion in 1895.
In this latter statement no State-bank
notes are mentioned. What had become
of them? Can the incredulous Democrat
answer ?
On June 30, iB6O, there were two hun
dred and seven million dollars of State
bank, notes in circulation; on June 30,
1886, only one hundred and thirty-two
thousand remained.
What had become of the others?
In 1895, not one of the State-bank notes
remained. What had become of them?
Where are they now? Can any Demo
crat tell us?
Again in the statement for 1895, no De
mand notes are given. They were no lon
ger in circulation. What had become of
them ?
Neither were there any Compound in
terest notes or One and two year notes
left. What had become of them?
In the statement of 1886 it was shown
that in the year 1864 the Greenbacks in
circulation amounted to $447,300,203.
In the table of 1895, the amount of the
Greenbacks in circulation is given at
$346,681,016.
What had become of the others?
These two government reports will con
vince any Democrat who is convincible.
The other sort can’t be reached in this
world.
The State-bank notes were called in
and destroyed. The best way to destroy
paper is with fire; therefore the State
bank notes were burnt.
The Demand notes were called in and
burnt.
The One and Two year notes were
called in and burnt.
The Compound interest notes were
burnt. The Seven-thirty notes were burnt.
The Greenbacks were burnt —all but the
$346,681,016.
These would also have been burnt, had
it not been for the act of Congress (1878)
which put a stop to it.
In the Treasury building in Washing
ton, D. C., any doubting Democrat who
wishes to see, can see the furnace in which
retired currency is destroyed. It was
built for the purpose. And in that fur
nace the missing paper money of this
poor deluded people was burnt.
•SMI?
'Editorial Notes.
By J. D. WATSON.
The report that Thomas F. Ryan will
soon retire from active business to devote
himself to a home life on his Virginia
estate comes as a surprise to many, but
to a few it does not. v
These few claim that Ryan has had po
litical aspirations for several years, and
that his supposed retirement will only be
a step into politics.
Some months ago one or two papers
were bold enough to suggest that Mr.
Ryan would be a good man for the Demo
crats to nominate for President in 1908
because the South was entitled to furnish
the next Democratic nominee and Ryan
was a Southern Democrat. At the same
time he would have the confidence of the
business interests of the country —just the
combination the Democrats needed to
win.
This boom met with a worse freeze
than the Fairbanks boom, but it did not
worry Ryan, for Ryan hardly expected
the Presidency just at this time. His
sights were set on another office, so these
few claim and it looks as if fhey know
what they are talking about.
Mr. Ryan wants to go to the United
States Senate as one of Virginia’s repre
sentatives and his retirement from active
business means that he will make an ef
fort to gain that end. If the people of
Virginia have not awakened enough to
see Ryan’s motive in time to defeat him,
they are to be pitied, for they do not need
such a man to represent them in the Sen
ate.
With Ryan’s money to further his po
litical aspirations the people can not be
gin to move against him too soon, for
enough money can build up a political
machine that it takes the srength of an
aroused people to overthrow.
The Senate is already a strong enough
corporation body without the addition of
the Ryans, Belmonts and Morgans.
Now that the time for holding the
Spring courts all over the State is here,
our judges should get busy charging the
Vagrancy law to the Grand Juries, and
the Grand Juries should see that the ar
resting officers get busy.
This law, which was intended to help
the farmers, is almost a dead letter, and
simply because the officers do not perform
their duties.
Once you begin to enforce the vagrancy
law, farm labor will not be near so hard
to get, and such crimes as petty
will decrease wonderfully.
Every one knows that very few towns
in Georgia have not a few loafers, and it
is by these loafers that many petty crimes
are committed. Besides this, their exam
ple makes those who are naturally in
clined to work feel that it is easier to loaf
and live a life of ease.
It may be true that some of these town
officers do not do their duty when they
permit loafers to hang around the towns,
but that is no bar to an indictment by
the Grand Jury.
Judge Parker has been heard from, so
we are no longer afraid that he has been
lost.
The Judge accuses Mr. Bryan of knif
ing him in 1904, after leading him (Par
ker) to believe that he would get the sup
port of the Bryan followers, and would
be elected President.