Holv To Stop a Panic.
Says the great thinker and philosopher, Her
bert Spencer,—
“Moreover, we have still more conclusive
illustrations—illustrations of the sudden ces
sation of commercial distress and bankruptcy,
resulting from a sudden increase of credit-cir
culation. When, in 1793, there came a gen
eral crash, mainly due to an unsafe banking
system which had grown up in the provinces
in consequence of the Bank of England mo
nopoly—when the pressure extending to Lon
don, became so great as to alarm the Bank-di
rectors and to cause them suddenly to restrict
their issues, thereby producing a frightful mul
tiplication of bankruptcies; THE GOVERN
MENT (to mitigate an evil indirectly produced
by legislation) DETERMINED TO ISSUE
EXCHEQUER-BILLS TO SUCH AS
COULD GIVE ADEQUATE SECURITY.
That is, they allowed hard-pressed citizens to
mortgage their fixed capitals for equivalents of
State promises to pay, with which to liquidate
the demands on them. The effect was magi
cal. £2,202,000 (about $11,000,000) only of
Exchequer-Bills were required. The conscious
mess that loans could be had, in many cases
prevented them from being needed. THE
PANIC QUICKLY SUBSIDED. All the
loans were very soon repaid. In 1825, again,
when the Bank of England, after having inten
sified a panic by extreme restriction of its is
sues, suddenly changed its policy, and in four
days advanced £ 5,000,000 in notes (about $20,-
000,000) on all sorts of securities, THE PAN
IC AT ONCE CEASED.”
Patrick Henry thought highly of the lessons
taught by experience. In fact, he said that the
lamp of the past was the only light by which
his footsteps were guided. President Roose
velt is a different kind of man. He either
knows nothing of the history of financial pan
ics, or, knowing it, cares nothing about its les
sons.
When* the Jeffersonian was invited to con
fer with him (Nov., 1907) about the panic
which had struck our country the month be
fore (Oct., 1907) it was made clear to the Pres
ident that under the Acts of Congress of
1862-3, he had authority to issue immedi
ately, $103,319,000 of Greenbacks. Experience
has shown that one panic in England was in
stantly checked by the issuance of less than
$11,000,000 in Treasury notes, and another by
the issuance of less than $20,000,000 in Bank
of England notes. OUR “PANIC OF 1873”
WAS STOPPED BY THE ISSUE OF $26,-
000,000 IN GREENBACKS. Therefore, we
had every reason to believe that an issue of
Greenbacks, under those old Acts of Congress,
would have had a magical result.
Confidence would have returned, the hoard
ing bankers would have been afraid to hoard
longer, the shrunken veins of commerce would
have filled with new life-blood, and we would
not have undergone the financial agony of
1908. The panic is still being felt, and we will
be fortunate if 1909 sees the it.
How did Mr. Roosevelt deal with the panic?
It had come, principally, because our supply
of actual money is too small, and because even
the greater part of that had been cornered in
New York. But instead of adding to our sup
ply of money, and thus breaking the corner,
Mr. Roosevelt added to our load of debt, by
issuing bonds.
The bonds were not paid for, and therefore
the issuance of them did not put an additional
dollar into circulation.
At the time the bonds were put upon the
market, the capitalists who bought them had
$247,000,000 of the Government’s money.
These rascals took the bonds with the under
standing that only $20,000,000 of the purchase
price should be drawn out by the Government.
With $247,000,000 of our money in their vaults
these scoundrels got interest-bearing bonds to
the amount of $100,000,000, BY ALLOWING
Heffersonian
THE GOVERNMENT TO USE LESS
THAN TEN PER CENT OF ITS OWN
DEPOSITS.
When did the world ever witness such finan
cial juggling as that which enriches these na
tional bankers?
No wonder wolves of hunger and cold howl
fiercely throughout the class-cursed land.
* M *
The Hearst Papers and the Negro.
What good does Mr. Hearst expect to do by
'publishing, once or twice every year, an edito
rial in which the statement is made that the
ancestors of the negroes laid the foundations
of Caucasian religion and civilization?
How can it benefit them to tell the two races
that the blacks were astronomers and religion
makers at a time when the ancestors of the
whites WERE GIBBERING SAVAGES,
LIVING IN CAVES AND LIVING ON
ROOTS AND RAW MEAT?
No such thing is true. The ancient Assy
rians, Chaldeans, Egyptians, etc., were not ne
groes.
The Moors who overran Spain were not ne
groes. A tropical race is not necessarily a ne
gro race, —is not even necessarily a black race.
ONLY A MINORITY OF AFRICANS ARE
NEGROES.
Where does the Hearst editor find his
authority for saying that the ancestors of the
negroes laid the foundations upon which our
ancestors built? Let him name it.
He says that the Sphinxes of Egypt have
thick lips. What of it? Is the sculptor who
chisels a Venus necessarily a Venus? Did the
Old Masters, who painted monstrously fat lit
tle angels, necessarily have, in their own fam
ilies, babies so corpulent?
An Italian painter, depicting angels, gives
them Italian faces. Does that prove that all
the angels came from Italy?
A French artist, illustrating Milton’s “Par
adise Lost,” makes Frenchmen out of Lucifer
and his whole gang. Does that prove that hell
depends on France for its supply of devils?
The Virgin Mary is a Spaniard, a Dutch
woman, an Englishwoman, a Russian, or an
Italian, as the nationality of her painter va
ries.
When European artists give to Christ a
European face, —does that prove that he wasn’t
a Jew?
Such reasoning is absurd. Logic of that
sort would as easily prove to your satisfaction
that the Egyptians and the Hindoos, had three
heads and faces, —for some of their gods were
triune. Were the Romans double-headed and
two-faced, because Janus had two faces?
Were the Greeks who sculptured “the great
god Pan,” half man and half goat?
The reasoning of the Hearst editorials com
pels you to howl, and say, “YES!”
Who pretends that the Hindoos are negroes
because their Brahma has thick lips?
WhoLpretends that there ever existed a race
of people who were half bull and half bird?
Yet we find such monsters in ancient sculp
tures.
The Sphinx, itself, was part man and part
four-footed beast.
Mr. Brisbane’s logic should accept its own
conclusions; —in which case he proves that the
ancestors of our negroes HAD THE HEADS
OF MEN AND WOMEN, ON THE BOD
IES OF FOUR-FOOTED ANIMALS!
A fact for the negroes to gloat over, truly!
The fact of the business is, that THE
SPHINX HASN’T GOT THE NEGRO
FACE.
The lips are thick, like those of the Hin
doos, the Assyrians, and the ancient tropical
peoples generally, but they are not the BLUB
BER, CURVE-BACK LIPS of the negro
type.
In the February number of our Jeffersonian
Magazine the subject will be treated at greater
length, and from a historical standpoint.
* M H
Washington, Garfield, McKinley:
Illustrious Victims of Surgery.
The Jeffersonian is glad to receive and to
publish the following communication:
“You fell into an error as to McKinley, how
ever. This was what happened: He was
wounded severely, but not past hope. An op
eration was necessary, not to ‘get the bullet’
(it doesn’t make any difference about the bul
let —it’s the holes it makes which do the dam
age, not the remaining in the economy of a bit
of lead), but the operation could as well have
been done some hours later, as not. There was
a big effy, with every equipment for absolutely
sterile surgery. In a kind of panic, because he
was the President, they did to him what they
would not have done to a dog upon which an
expriment was to be tried: Went into the ab
domen with inadequate instruments. The lack
of preparation, the waiting while the man lay
on the table, the exposure of vital organs to
prolonged shock—THAT is what killed Mc-
Kinley. Surgeons who know the "facts are
transfixed with horror at what was done. IF
there had been emergency, if there had been
no better way, it would have been excusable,
but under the circumstances the only charita
ble thing to say is that the doctors were sim
ply overwhelmed, lost their heads and blun
dered in away almost past belief. A cool
headed surgeon who was no respecter of per
sons, who would calmly have proceeded to
make decent preparations for the job before
him, would, in all probability, have pulled Mc-
Kinley through. His wound was one that
could have been repaired. Not nearly so grave,
for instance, as those sustained by J. J. Flynt,
of the Georgia Legislature, some years ago.
You doubtless recall it.
“Os course, you could not have known about
the McKinley blunder, but it is one of the pro
fession’s ‘horrible examples.’ ”
The point made in the editorial to which the
writer of the above refers, was that the sur
geons who attended President Garfield during
his prolonged agony found Congress most re
luctant to violate the Constitution by appro
priating money for the payment of bills against
the Garfield estate; whereas, in the case of
McKinley who died soon after being shot, the
surgeons had no difficulty in collecting from
the Government the large sums which they
claimed.
The difference in the conduct of Congress,
dealing with two cases precisely alike, illus
trates the terrible danger of a bad precedent.
Mr. Jefferson used to emphasize the advice
“Resist the beginnings.” In paying the Gar
field surgeons, Congress went outside the au
thority delegated by the Constitution. But the
bad beginning having been made, it was easy
to repeat the performance. It was a precedent,
and to some people a precedent is a good
enough reason.
If McKinley was a victim of the surgeons
—and the writer of the letter quoted leaves us
in no doubt about it—he was the third Ameri
can President to succumb to the knife.
Dr. John H. Girdner of New York was a
partner of Dr. Hamilton and accompanied that
great surgeon on his flying trip to Washing
ton when Garfield was shot. Dr. Girdner was
present at the examination and at the consulta
tion. Fie declares that the surgeons got ex
cited and lost a case which ought to
have been saved. “If Garfield had not been
President, but just a common hackman, or
drayman, he would have got well,” is Girdner’s
positive conviction.
Everybody recalls how Napoleon calmed
the doctors and probably saved the life of the
Empress Maria Louise, at her accouchement.
“Treat her as though she were a woman of the
Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE