PAGE TEN
Obe. Jeffersonian.
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, ONE DOLLAR PER YEA
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than sl. CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
A /X If the above date appears on
/tL wß> ■■ 1U the l allse l 0,1 y° ur paper it
X w means that your subscrip-
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Ga., April 28, 1910
Come On, Eugene! The Appeal
Says You Backed Me Out.
Come, and Try It On I
Men who assume a certain character to de
ceive and mislead, are properly known as im
posters.
Men who pretend to be something different
from what they really are, must be classed as
hypocrites.
Those who fail to answer fair questions
which seek to elicit answers, as to the nature
of political or social or religious creed,
WHICH SUCH PERSONS ARE EN
GAGED IN PROPAGATING, are either
moral cowards, or deliberate frauds.
Coming within this category, are the pub
lishers of the Appeal to Reason.
These men have wilfully, persistently and
shamelessly lied to the people, concerning the
tenets of Socialism. By so doing, they have
drummed up a following of 20,000 in such a
State as Texas, and 15,000 in Oklahoma. They
have even fooled 1,200 sane citizens of Geor
gia.
I do not believe that there is a single re
spectable and intelligent man in Texas, Okla
homa or Georgia who would allow himself
to be called a Socialist, were he aware of the
true inwardness of that despicable creed.
In this paper and in our magazine, I have
been asking the Girard outfit, and other prom
inent Socialists, of national reputation and
representative character, to give the people a
definition of Socialism.
They were challenged to prepare and pub
lish an exposition of what their creed meant
as to —
THE MARRIAGE RELATION,
THE HOME, AN WE KNOW IT,
THE PRESENT SYSTEM OF PRI
VATE OWNERSHIP OF PROPERTY,
RACIAL AND SOCIAL EQUALITY,
RELIGION.
If Debs, Warren and Wayland are honest
men, with nothing to conceal, why shouldn’t
they publish that definition?
THEY DARE NOT DO ITU!
Why? What are they afraid of?
If they should give true answers to my
questions, they woidcl lose all of their country
subscribers.
Not a corporal’s guard of intelligent and
respectable men would stand for it, if the
Appeal should come out from behind its bar
rier of falsehood, and let the people see them
in their true characters.
Jesse L. Swango, of Miami, Oklahoma,
wrote to the Appeal, and inquired why my
challenge to the Socialist leaders to come into
my and debate the creed with me,
was not accepted.
In reply, the Appeal wrote to friend
©he Jeffersonian
Swango that “your hero's challenge to debate
was accepted by Comrade Debs, and Wats op,
immediately “backed water".
Which is utterly untrue. I’m waiting for
‘‘Comrade Debs” right now. I’m hoping that
the “Comrade” will yet pluck up enough
courage to come.
Let the mendacious Appeal send their man
into the ring, without further lies, or delay.
COME ON, DEBS!
Governor Brown Has, Apparently,
Made a Mistake, in the Matter
of the Chattanooga Land
Editor C. R. Pendleton, of the Macon Tele
graph, is generally so careful in stating facts
that I took, without question, his version of
the Chattanooga land controversy.
But Hon. J. J. Slade, of Columbus, has
submitted certain documentary evidence
which has about convinced me that the Tele
graph is in error.
Without the remotest intention of “attack
ing” the Governor; and solely for the pur
pose of keeping our readers posted, I beg to
say that, apparently, the Chief Executive
blundered in not purchasing the Chattanooga
property.
(1) The diagram published in the Tele
graph and copied into the Atlanta Constitu
tion is incorrect. There is an alongside junc
tion of 500 feet, fronting on the Western and
Atlantic Railroad, of the lot with
the others. Therefore, no hold-up is possi
ble. There is no intervening land on the Rail
road front.
(2) No matter what may have been Judge
Longley’s intention, the Governor’s discretion
related to nothing but the 17V2- a cre tract.
The Judge did not draft that part of the law:
Hon. Hooper Alexander did it.
(3) It is clear to my mind that the only
trouble about the matter, last September, was
the Governor’s belief that there was no money
available for the purchase. I have seen a copy
of a letter from him to Hooper Alexander in
which he made that statement.
(4) I think that the near-beer fund could
have been used in making the purchase.
(5) It seems to be a fact that the Governor
relied on the advice of the Attorney-General;
and it seems equally clear that Mr. Alexander
demonstrates that the Attorney-General was
in error.
(6) Altogether the symptoms of the case
indicate a perfectly beautiful little fight, when
the Solons and the Sages of the Georgia
Legislature assemble themselves together for
the regular Summer session.
(7) Yes: the frost has hardly left us, but
h—ll is breaking loose again in Georgia. Oh
what a red-headed, Irish-wake time we’re go
ing to have!
(8) What a pity it is that I am under a
heavy bond to keep the peace. Out of con
sideration for my bondsmen, I just can’t do
a thing to anybody! Glorious scrapping is
going on, everywhere, and I just have to stay
at home and “behave”.
It’s awful to be under a peace bond.
Some Tariff Questions Answered
Dear Sir: —What is the duty on meat and lard,
also on nitrate of soda? Is it found anywhere
but in Germany? If the duty was removed on
meat and Lard would they come down?
Yours, J. T. BRAND.
Lithonia, Georgia.
Meats: 25 per cent, of the valuation. Lard:
iy 2 cents a pound. Nitrate of soda: no tariff
on it.
If the duty were removed from meats, the
price would assuredly come down. The pack
ers ship meat from Chicago to London and
sell it there two or three cents a pound cheap
er than in this country. T. E. W.
Men and Brethren, What Do You
Think of This ?
At Little Rock, Arkansas, is published a
religious paper, known as The Baptist Ad
vance.
Its Editors are E. J. A. McKinney, A. P.
Scofield, A. H. Autry, and J. H. Searcy.
It has a separate department edited by Mrs.
McKinney. At the top of her page, appears
conspicuously a notice of the Woman’s Mis
sionary Union. So I guess the Advance has
diaphragm agonies over the heathen, chronic
with these cranks.
On Mrs. McKinney’s luminous page one
finds the following knock at Yours Truly,
and boost of Coca-Cola:
“DON’T LET THE KNOCKER INSULT YOUR
INTELLIGENCE.
“Os course you have met the knocker, the chron
ic, hysterical knocker, who always greets you with
his tales of abuse of people and things. He is the
wholesale dealer in scandals, insinuations and
falsehoods.
“Every self-respecting man and woman owes it
as a duty to society to silence the knocker on
every possible occasion. Life is too short to be
wasted in listening to scandals and falsehoods
about our friends and neighbors.
“Here is the way to silence one knocker. The
next time you hear any one say that Coca-Cola
contains ‘dope,’ ask him if he ever heard of the
Pure Food law. If.he says yes, then give him the
laugh. If he says no, explain to him how that it
is absolutely impossible for any food or drink
containing dope to be marketed under the law
passed by the Federal Congress on June 30, 1906,
and effective since January 1, 1907. Coca-Cola
has always been the most delicious and refresh
ing temperance drink, absolutely free from any
thing that could injure the most delicate child.
“If the knocker hasn’t sense enough to see the
point when you explain the Pure Food law to him,
then tell him to write to the Coca-Cola Company,
Atlanta, Ga., for a free copy of ‘Truth About
Coca-Cola.’ Possibly that will open his eyes and
close his mouth.”
I wonder if this good lady realizes the folly
of her remarks about the Pure Food law. She
might just as well say that, because the stat
utes forbid stealing, there are no thieves. Or,
because there are laws against rape and mur
der, nobody violates them.
“Give him the laugh?” Well, hardly. If
any one has provoked derision, it’s the Editor
who argues that the Pure Food law is uni
versally obeyed.
And what do you think of a religious pa
per which indorses and recommends a perni
cious drink which the Government blacklisted
in the Report of the Roosevelt Homes Com
mission? It is also condemned by the noble
ic omen of the IF. C. T. U.
Last week, the Coca-Cola offered The Jeffs
a most attractive advertisement, both for the
weekly and the magazine. Turned it down,
promptly.
If I Were Not Under a Bond to
Keep the Peace!
What an embarrassment it is that I should
have been “bound over”, under severe pains
and penalties, to keep the peace toward all
the inhabitants of the United States, “and
especially toward Waldo Clement, the affiant”,
who went before a magistrate, in Miami,
Florida, and took a solemn oath, presumably
on the Bible, that he feared great bodily harm
at my hands.
Out of consideration for the friends who
rallied around me, and signed the peace-bond,
as my securities, I have to go slow, exercis
ing great care and circumspection.
Were it not for this fact, I wouldn’t be so
mealy-mouthed, milk-and-watery, pussy-foot
ed, and bashful. Were I unshackled, there
are numerous things that I would jump on,
and endeavor to knock properly.
For instance—what’s the sense of inviting
me to a public meeting to which such men as
D. J. Neill and R. F. Duckworth are also
invited ?
Neill was a Populist, and sold out for the