PAGE FOUR
Summary of Tbents as They Happen
By Tom Dolan..
The “Unwritten Law’’ Again.
If the American people needed any further
demonstration of the rottenness of the “un
written law” they certainly have it in the
Hains-Annys case, where two brothers brutally
shot down an unarmed man for the alleged
reason that he had invaded the sanctity of the
home of one of the brothers. Both promptly
pleaded “insanity.” So it seems that
“Dementia Americana” is a disease which
can affect an entire tribe. Strange that such
seizures should never arrive until the posses
sor of the mania is not only armed, but rein
forced by his various male relatives, all of
whom are terrible sufferers from a similar
violent brain-storm in the presence of an un
armed and unprepared victim. No provoca
tion whatever could extenuate a cowardly
assassination of this sort and the Courts should
deal with the two murderers as with any
other common thugs.
Among Other Philippine Problems.
Is that of the leper colony at Molokai. A
large hospital is being constructed on the
island and perhaps modern sanitation may
eventually overcome this most loathsome of
all diseases. Contrary to the general belief,
this malady is not hereditary, but the result
of direct infection, chiefly through intermarri
age. If children born of leprous parents are
removed at an early age, they seldom contract
the disease, but this heart-rending separation
is one of the saddest phases of the island life.
The germ of leprosy has been isolated, and the
wiping out of this plague may confidently
be anticipated as another triumph of medical
science within the next decade. Meantime,
the heart of humanity approves all that can
be done to render existence bearable to the
wretched ones doomed to perpetual exile and
lingering death.
The case of Mrs. Wardwell, of Tombstone,
Arizona, who is an aged leper, crazed by the
thought of her affliction, and just bereft by
death of the old husband who cared for her
until the very last, is unspeakably harrowing
and forces upon public attention again the
fact that we have no provision for lepers, and
the “red tape” will not permit their deporta
tion to Molokai. Fortunately we have few
cases of this fearful condition, but as com
munication with the Orient increases, they
are apt to grow more frequent; and are-so
dreadful when they do occur that some provi
sion should be made for their isolation in
con i fort able qua r t ers.
Mrs. Mary Baker G. Eddy, founder of the
Christian Science Church, has recently passed
her eighty-third birthday, but there was no
official observance of the event owing to her
avowed disbelief in the cumulative effect of
years upon the human economy.
THE JEFERSONIAN.
The democratic State Convention has been
called for New York on September 15,
by Murphy and “Fingy” Conners. They are
an elegant pair for the Bryanites to draw to.
Dr. Rambaud, of the New York Pasteur
Institute, believes he has perfected a new
serum to be used in the treatment of hydro
phobia. The ancient saw about “the hair of
the dog being good for the bite” is almost
literally coming to pass. Seriously, however,
“Serumtherapy” is one of the greatest
modern wonders of the world. Through the
employment of antitoxin in diphtheria and
membranous croup, two of the worst dangers
to infancy and childhood have been largely
overcome, while Tetanus, or “lock-jaw 7 ” will
soon be added to the proud list of conquered
terrors.
As a result of disgraceful disclosures in
reference to money borrowed by the late
King of Portugal, as well as the unsettled
condition of that unhappy country generally,
Queen Amelia has been warned to rest, to
’lead the “simple life,” to throw off political
and financial worries or she will lose her mind,
'the whole world feels sympathy for this
particular queen. She has true grit and has
demonstrated it upon several occasions, the
last one of which was her heroic efforts to
protect her husband land son from the assassins
who' shot them down and left her to cope
almost unaided with the difficulties of a turbu
lent realm.
Queen Ena of Spain, now mother of two
baby boys, is said to be soul sickened over
the brutal bull-fights which she is from time
to time forced to witness, in deference to the
degraded sentiment which cherishes these
barbarities as national sports. If, instead of
yielding to the pressure of custom, she would
assert her English independence and throw
her influence as> woman and sovereign against
these abominable measures, she would
doubtless in time bring the better element in
Spain to her own way of viewing them.
The Agricultural Department of the Govern
ment has begun a crusade against the various
concoctions called “Blush of Roses,” “Bloom
of Youth” and so forth, for the quaint reason
that they do not bring the one, nor restore
the other. Good gracious! Don’t they know 7
that the purchasers thereof know all the time
that they don’t, but could no more resist
investing spare pin money for some new
cosmetic with captivating label than they could
say no to the fascinating Gypsy who promises
to unfold the past, present and future if her
itching palm be duly crossed w 7 ith the magic
two-bits, or such like persuader?
Life-long Democrats are deserting Bryan
in Connecticut, and the state committee is
bankrupt.
King Edward is now 7 off to see Kaiser Bill.
Royalty is kept busy these diplomatic days
paying and returning calls. It is almost as
hard to maintain the “entente” as to belong
to a bridge-whist club which meets turn about.
The great Pillsbury Flour Mills Company,
knowm the world over, has gone into the hands
of receivers on account of alleged misman
agement. The company claims to be entirely
solvent, though no definite estimate of the lia
bilities or assets of the company is as yet ac
cepted as final.
North Dakota has begun collecting funds
for the first monument to Roosevelt. It is
to lie a statue, designed by a Norwegian
sculptor, and it is proposed to place it in the
State Park at Abercrombie, the site of the
first government fort in the state. Ebulli
tions of this sort of zeal are’somewhat diffi
cult to account for.
The young Turks have made whirlw’ind de
mands upon the Sultan, and have even gone
so far as to subject him to the “cruel and
unusual punishment’’ of restricting him to
one wife. It is rumored that he is about to
flee the realm and leave it to a constitutional
government. Whether he will take the harem
with him is not conjectured.
The “penny dreadful” appetite is said to
have seized upon the poorer classes of Ger
many and the Druer Union, which is waging
was against this trashy literature, says at
least 750,000,000 vicious novels have been sold
within the year. A specimen of these prod
ucts would unquestionably be a revelation in
crime, for any coterie of malefactors who
could cope with the German grammar would
be quite beyond the power of our own “Nick
Carters” or “Old Sleuths.” The Druer Union
w’ill have a hard job, therefore, to bring these
yellow-backs fb justice.
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
has the endorsement of Bessie Tift College.
Dr. Jackson says: “The young women you
have sent us have made excellent records both
in department and in class work. Pupils
from Locust Grove Institute are looked to for
distinction as a matter of course. I take
pleasure in bearing 1 testimony to their excel
lent preparation for college.”
Prof. A. W. Van, Hoose, of Brenau College,
writes: “You send me the best prepared girls
that we get from any school. They come for
business and they attend to business.” For
catalog of Locust Grove Institute, write to
Claude Gray, President, Locust Grove, Ga.