PAGE SIXTEEN
We Want a Great Many
More Subscribers
In order to secure a large number of new subscribers at once we
make this wonderful offer:
Weekly Jeffersonian 3 Months ) All For
Up-to-Date Fanning 3 Months I OF «
20 American Girl Post Cards f AQ f*
Membership in Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange'
Above is a wonderful offer and should bring thousands of orders.
But we are going to make a still better offer, and this Is what we want
every present subscriber to work for:
This is Our Great Plan
We want you to get 25 cents from each of seven (7) of your neigh
bors and friends for the above offer and send us this club, and we will
send you, for your reward,
Fifty of the Most Beautiful High Art Post Cards
Ever Produced
Every one a gem, and satisfaction is positively guaranteed. The
subjects are as follows:
1. A Neighborly Chat. 25. The Captiveo.
2. Puritan Girl. 26. The Problem is Solved.
3. A Puritan Maid. 27. Making Hay.
4. Skating. 28. Making a Fool of Him.
5. Dutch Children and Geese. 29. The Passing Storm.
6. Dutch Girl and Boy. 30. Sweet Kittie Bellairs.
7. The Critic. 31. A High Stepper.
8. Hello. 32. Mill Pond.
9. A Hay Seed. 33. The Daughter of the Regiment.
10. In Mischief. 34. Venice.
11. Our Pet. 35. An Interesting Passage.
12. The Village Blacksmith. 36. A Winter Sunset.
13. Bill and Jerry. 37. The Wedding Party.
14. Young Miss Columbia. 38. The Shepherd’s Star.
15. Picnicking. 39. Out for a Spin.
16. The Love Drop. 40. Early Autumn.
17. Playmates. ' 41. In a Bad Fix.
18. Flags of All Nations. 42. Brook in Autumn.
19. The Old Homestead. 43. Sunset.
20. The Lighthouse. 44. At Sunset.
21. Washington Crossing the Del- 45. Shipwrecked.
aware. 46. The Historian.
22. Violin Recital. 47. Fishermen’s Return.
23. The Old, Old Question. 48. Two Are Company.
24. Colonial Dame and Virginia 49. Horseback Riding.
Belle. 50. Beauty Study, r
It would be a waste of effort to attempt to portray the beauty,.rich
ness and warmth of the colors in every one of this constellation of
gems of post cards. They must be possessed to be appreciated.
REMEMBER, if YOU will get only seven (7) subscribers for the
entire combination above at only 25 cents each, we will send you this
entire collection of perfectly lovely post cards as a reward, ALL FREE.
Extra Reward
AND HERE IS ANOTHER SURPRISE FOR YOU: Do you know
what the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is? It is a roster of post card
collectors and of people who will exchange with you. It has many
thousand members now. all over the United States, and in some foreign
countries. We will put your address and that of each member of your
club in the exchange and you will receive post cards from many fine
and entertaining people. A correspondence acquaintance can thus be
made with agreeable people and many a dull hour and otherwise idle
moments can be made pleasant, Improved and, perhaps, made profitable.
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming
famous, because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profita
bly. Our readers can well afford to subscribe for it, as with the two
papers they will get a BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and
marketing.
Perhaps, after you get seven (7) trial you can get
three (3) more, making ten (10) in all. If you can, we will send you
another set of cards, A TRIP AROUND THE WORLD WITH UNCLE
SAM’S BATTLESHIPS. There are fifty views in this set. It includes
a view of each ship in colors, shows the sailor boys at work, at play
and at rest. Also many scenes of noted places that the fleet visited.
Included with this is a map of the route and an illustration showing
the entire fleet, with the names of all the ships.
See your friends at once—today, if possible. Tell them that each
one gets all in the great offer above, and YOU must not forget what
you get for your reward. We will be happy if we get the club of sub
scribers, and then we hope to make you another good offer. Use below
coupon.
Cut off here
Publisher of The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.:
I want to embrace your great trial subscription offer, and en
close . v for trial subscriptions. Please send
all you offered, and stop the papers when the trial is up, unless we
renew.
My Name
R. R P. O
County State
(Attach a sheet for the club and write very distinctly.)
Jeffersonian
JOUANNET’S GIANT ARGENTEUIL ASPARAGUS ARE THE
BEST. Price: 100 Roots $1; 1000 for $5.
JOUANNET’S CABBAGE PLANTS GIVE SATISFACTION. ALL
Leading Varieties. Prices: 1000 for $1.25; 5000 and over $1 a
1000.
Everything shipped from Charleston, S. C. Cash with order! please.
ALFRED JOUANNET, Mount Pleasant, S. C.
Ii LET ME HELP YOU I
My Mission is to make sick women well, and I want to «end you, your daughter, your \
sister, your mother, or any ailing friend a full fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs a ° s °* K Ji
lutely free. It is a remedy that cures Woman's ailments, and !■want io tell you all 1
about it just how to cure yourself right at home without the aid of a doctor ana tne \
best of it is that it will not in the least interfere with your work or occupation. Balm of
Figs is just the remedy to make sick women well and weak women strong, and lean prove F
it let me prove it to you I will gladly do it, for I have never heard of anything that
does so quickly and surely cure woman's ailments. No internal dosing necessary it iss EH
local treatment, yet it has to its credit some of the most extraordinary cures on
Therefore, I want to place it in the hands of every woman suffering with . z
any form of Leucorrhea, Painful Periods, Ulceration, Inflammation, •’zf 1? k BE?
Displacement or Failing of the Womb, Ovarian or Uterine Tumors or < f £ l y
Growths, or any of the weaknesses so common to women. I
This fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs
will not cost you one cent fiEMME /
I will send it to you absolutely free, to prove to you its splendid quali- W Js
ties, and then if you wish to continue further, it will cost you only a few /’]// «//
cents a week. Ido not believe there is another remedy equal to dgßCy
Bahn of Figs and I am willing to prove my faith by sending out MgMMjr jQy-A' IL-''
these fifty-cent boxes free. So, my reader, irrespective of your \
past experience, write to me at once —today — and I will send r gj
you the treatment entirely free by return mail, and if you so HgSsSj I
desire, undoubtedly I can refer you to some one near you who can BHbSI \
personally testify to the great and lasting cures that have resulted SxMMI '.H
from the use of Bahn of Figs. But after all, the very best test VHSBL JUB 11W < ‘ H
of anything is a personal trial of it, and I know a fifty-cent box wUKhgMgp -I^'■ H
of Balm of Figs will convince you of its merit. Nothing is so
convincing as the actual test of the article itself. Will you give a&gSgfiufiS
Balm of Figs this test ? Write to me today, and remember I will gl
gladly send you a fifty-cent box of Balm of Figs for the asking. Address ■
MRS. HARRIET M. RICHARDS, Box 356 D Joliet, Illinois.
A Bargain In Law Books
English and American Encyclopedia of Law, 32 volumes
and supplements, complete.
Encyclopedia of Pleading and Practice, 30 volumes and
supplements, complete.
In fine condition. Can be bought cheap for cash,
or on reasonable terms.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, - - Thomson, Ga.
Cotton Seed For Sale
Three or Four Cars TOOLE’S PROLIFIC COTTON SEED. Guar
anteed Prime. Write for price and reference.
W. H. FRANKLIN, Route 4,
Augusta, Ga.
A DOLLAR BILL
Inclosed in an envelope, with your name and address, will bring you
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
FOR TWELVE MONTHS
You cannot afford to miss a number. In every issue throughout 1909
will be one of those inimitable, chatty, personal, historical and bio
graphical sketches by Mr. Watson the little things which bring history
right home to you and make you live with the great personages and take
part in the mighty pageantries of vrrished days.
The History of the Life and Times of Andrew Jackson will re-com
mence in the January number the earliest moment at which it could be
resumed. The Educational Department will also be restored.
THE JEFFERSONIAN, :: Thomson, Ga.
20,000 Grafted Paper Shell
PECAN TREES
3t04;4 to 5; sto 7 and 7to 9 feet. Write me for
book on pecan culture and prices on trees.
C. A. YANCEY, Bunkie, La.