PAGE SIXTEEN
THE TWO OLD PARTIES AND THE
LIQUOR TRAFFIC.
By Dr. J. B. Cranfill.
] t has been my pleasure to read the remark
age speech of Hon. E. W. Chafin, which he
delivered before the State Prohibition Conven
tion of Indiana. One of the pungent points
he makes is the statement that no evil, such
as the liquor power, can continue to exist,
unless it is advocated by at least two great
political parties. He shows most conclusive
ly that if the hold of the liquor power could
be broken that there would be only one polit
ical party advocating it, we could mass its
opponents in a counter-movement and thus
compass its defeat. The more we think about
this point the larger it grows. We have in
America two great parties, both championing
the liquor traffic —Mr. Roosevelt’s party and
Mr. Bryan’s party. While trying to cajole
the people into hysterics concerning fictitious
issued between them, both are solidly for the
saloons. In all of Mr. Roosevelt’s strenuous
attitudes toward reform, he has never once
breathed a breath concerning the iniquities of
the liquo rtraffic. He has avoided the issue
as the average man avoids leprosy. The same
is true of Mr. Bryan. We are told that Mr.
Bryan is a lay preacher and that on Sunday
afternoon he goes out from his home in Lin
coln, Nebraska, and preaches to the country
churches. In many places throughout the
United States he has delivered his famous lee-
— - ■ - X
■■ ' “ r-■ - U——~ ■■ —— ■ - . . .... .1 ■- —— - y- ir,„ , - ■|.,|. U l . ■ V i -
Sixteen Pages Weekly
t SAMPLE FREE
TRIAL 52 WEEKS
Only 25 Cents
I “If we (the South) begin NOW by supporting HOME INSTITUTIONS
of merit it is nara to estimate the benefit that will accrue from such a policy «
in the next ten years.”—-Richard H. Edmonds.
Übe Georgia Home I
Insurance Go. I
of Columbus, Ga., is a HOME INSTITUTION |
•RGANIZED Hs> NEARLY A HALF CENTURY OLD f
Total Assets Over One Million Dollars T
I Surplus to Policy Holders Over One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization Over Five Million Dollars
Patronize the Georgia Home and Help IT to help YOU Develop T
the Infinite Resources et Dixie Land. X
AGENCIES THROUGHOUT THE SOUTH 4
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
ture on tha “Prince of Peace,” but he has
never at any time said a word that could have
been remotely construed as opposition to the
liquor power. It is thus seen that the two
-great parties stand together in united phalanx
for the saloon rfhd all the evil that it brings.
What we need is to break the backbone erf one
or the other of these old parties and Speedily
thereafter unite the opponents of the saloon
in the National Prohibition party and sweep
the deadly evil into hopeless oblivion.
“WINNOWED
SONGS”... kjA
The great revival song book. Beats
all others. New edition. But this
out and mail it with 25 cents for a
copy, or $2.60 for a dozen. Address,
J. L. MOORE, Bethlehem, Ga. X
Full Sets Back Numbers
Wb can supply back numbers of the
Jeffersonian Magazine all the way
back to the first issue.
Price, 15c for single copies.
Price, |1.50 for the full set for 1907.
twelve numbers. Address:
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Sketches From Roman History
- In this volume Mr. Watson gives biographies
of some of the leading characters of the Ro
man Republic, and also shows the ruinous
workings of class legislation in ancient times.
J'he sketches are of:
The Gracchi, the heroic land reformers of
Rome;
Spartacus, the gladiator who led the great
slave revolt;
Marius, the Tribune of the people;
Sy Ila, the brilliant and despotic leader of the
aristocrats;
Jugurtha, the African King;
Jaliues Caesar, the greatest of Roman sol
diers, legislators and reformers;
Octavius Caesar, the nephew who inherited
power from the mighty Julius;
Antony and Cleopatra; the most dramatic
love story of ancient times.
Price, delivered, 50 cents.
We will mail this book as a premium to every
one who sends us two new subscribers to
the Jeffersonian Magazine at our regular price
Os $1.50 each.
We will mail the book as a premium to any
one who sends us two new subscribers to the
Weekly Jeffersonian, at the regular price of
SI.OO each.
Address: THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the Homeless. Prosperity for
the industrious. The home builders’ guide.' Send
stamp for sample copy.
FARM AND RANCH, Dallas, Texas.
Pick Up a Dollar
And mail it to us at Thomson,
Ga., and we will send you for
the next six months
The Jeffersonian Magazine and
Weekly Jeffersonian
No Commission to Agents on This Offer
TO ALL
Agents and Subscribers
Please make all remittances and address all
letters to THOMSON, GA. We get numbers
of letters addressed to Atlanta, Thomas,
Thomasville and Thomaston, and postal money
orders are made payable at these points, which
causes confusion and chance of loss.
Remember the address of the JEFFERSON
IAN is T-H-0 M-S-O-N, Ga.
Write plainly. We are not mind readers.
lhe Weekly Jeffersonian of July 16th will
contain full report of the great meeting at
Atlanta on July 9th and a verbatim report of
Air. Watson’s speech. Single copies, 5 cents.
Bundles of 10 copies, 25 cents. Send in your
orders at once to the Jeffersonian, Thomson,
Ga., for extra copies. Special rates to Wat
son Cluba.