C>be Jeffersonian
Vol. 7, Number 15
“A MALIGNER TAKEN TO TASK”
NDER this headline, the New Or
leans Christian Advocate makes
the usual ferocious assault on
Yours-as-ever.
The name of the Editor is Meek:
nothing else about him or his pa
per bears the faintest resemblance
to Moses.
No: quite a violent scrapper is
u
iiii
this Air. Meek. Really, I’m surprised at not
seeing D.D. come after his name—he is such
a fierce and scornful hitter.
Meek, of course, discovered my “ignor
ance”. That was to be expected. It is now
seeking United States recognition, like that
new Nicaraguan government. I mean to have
it acknowledged as one of Our National In
stitutions. If Taft ever gets his Incorpora
tion bill through Congress, I mean to charter
Aly Ignorance, and sell shares of stock in it.
Aleek says:
“Conscious of the falsity of his allegations the
churches have paid little attention to his loud
railings and accusations.”
That statement reveals a noble regard for
truth, does it not? After an editor writes
and prints a thing like that, you would almost
believe him on his oath, wouldn’t you?
But Aleek does not stop there. Indeed, no.
Read on, my soul:
“They” [my allegations] “have been so utterly
without anything to sustain them, that small no
tice has been accorded them by the religious
press.”
You who have followed me from the be
ginning of this controversy on Foreign Mis
sions have seen me PROVE EVERY
THING, BY THE MISSIONARIES
THEMSELVES. You have not known me
to state a single fact, material to the issue,
which was not taken from sources favorable
to Foreign Missions. Their books, their mag
azines, their papers, their letters, their official
reports have been my ammunition.
I never would have dared to accuse them of
taking your money to buy human beings to
fill their Orphans' Homes, in Africa, if I had
not seen it in the Christian Herald.
In that religious paper, (or rather a clip
ping from it, sent me by a Christian lady,)
I saw where a lady missionary had written to
the Herald, urging its help to raise funds to
buy (“redeem” they sweetly call it,) “our
dear little Dora”, a negro girl in Africa. In
commenting on this appeal and urging con
tributions, the editor stated that negro chil
dren had been “redeemed” with cash, cattle,
or provisions “all over Africa''.
I didn’t dream that the missionary mania
had gone that far. They themselves give the
facts. It has been the same way, with every
allegation made by me. I have invariably
cited my authority, and not one material
statement made by me has been overturned —
NOT ONE.
Meek, of course, repeats that Ellis charge
about Elsie Siegel. You who have read after
me know that I did not make any such charge.
Such a charge was published as having
been made by Miss Helen Clark and Dr.
Paul Wakefield. Both denied it.
I was never even accused of having made it
until the spectacular donkey, Ellis, butted in.
Mlanta, Ga., Thursday, oflpril 14, h
He is a subscriber to this paper, and knows
as well as you do how outrageously he mis
represented me.
As for Aleek, he writes like a man who had
not read anything on either side. He knows
whose ox he is, and just hits out wildly be
cause he feels that he can’t hurt himself with
his readers, no matter how distant may be the
relations between Meek and Truth.
The manner in which the editors of these
denominational organs show their supreme
confidence in the prejudice, the lack of infor
mation, and the unreasoning loyalty of their
subscribers, is enough to fill one with despair.
Nevertheless, the day of the Lovetts, the
Bell and Grahams, the Meeks is passing
away. A new spirit is abroad—a spirit of in
quiry, of independence, of resistance to cleri
calism. No wonder the owls hoot: their com
fortable perches are in danger.
So little does this New Orleans owl know
about the subject which he presumes to dis
pose of, that he calls Ellis “this brave and
noble editor”.
Ellis is not an editor, and has not been since
January, 1908. And even if he were one, it
isn’t in him to be a “noble” one.
He might, indeed, come up, (or down.) to
the level of Aleek.
- \
Gan We eflcquit President
Taft of Complicity ?
w
HEN a carpenter chooses tools
from among the great number in
his “chest”, it is fair to presume
that he knows what kind of work
they will do in his hands—isn’t
it? If he means to dress the sur
face of a board, he does not get
out saw or chisel. If he picks out
his auger, it requires no vivid imagination to
foresee that holes will be bored —does it?
AVhen the farmer means to “bed up”, for
cotton planting, he doesn't put a straight
rooter or a sweep on the plow-stock: he selects
the turner because he knows what it will do.
Air. Taft is an experienced man—widely
conversant with public men and government
al questions. He knows men, in a practical
way. He has, for many years, been a man of
action, a man of the world.
Now, when he picked up such a man as
Ballinger, what was Taft’s expectation, as to
what that crook would do?
When he selected the Sugar Trust’s lawyer
for Attorney-General, what did Taft expect
Wickersham to do?
We have never had such a Cabinet as that
of Mr. Taft.
It has been the custom, since the days of
Washington, to pick big men for the official
family of the President. In the first Cabinet,
sat both Hamilton and Jefferson. Following
these, came such statesmen as Madison, John
Quincy Adams, James Monroe, (a greater
man than Northern historians admit) Daniel
Webster, Henry Clay, John C. Calhoun, John
Forsyth, William H. Crawford, Edmund
Randolph, John Marshall, William H. Sew-
ard, Jefferson Davis, William Wirt and Hugh
Legare.
After the War, Cabinet-making underwent
a change. “Interests,” specially favored by
law and by the Government, began to secure
the appointment of men who were their at
torneys, in fact or in law.
Nevertheless, every President since the
War, even, has honored the old tradition; and
some member, or members, of the Cabinet
represented the whole republic, and not some
special “interest”.
General Grant was a noble character, a
great commander, an honest man; but he had
had no experience in politics nor government ;
and his knowledge of public issues and public
men could not have been extensive. His Cab
inet gave the country a disagreeable surprise,
in spite of the fact that he named men of
character and reputation.
Elihu B. Washburne had long been nation
ally eminent, having been a member of Con
gress for eighteen years.
Jacob D. Cox, Grant’s Secretary of the In
terior, had distinguished himself as a soldier,
and had been Governor of Ohio.
E. Rockwood Hoar. Grant’s Attorney-Gen
eral, was a member of the Supreme Court of
Afassachusetts; and was recognized every
where as a scholar of varied culture and a
gentleman of the first-class.
John A. J. Creswell, of Maryland, was
Grant’s Postmaster-General; and he was
about as prominent a border-state Unionist
as Andrew Johnson himself.
While these were all capable and well
known men, they were not the Hamiltons,
Jeffersons, and Afadisons of their day; there
was certainly no enthusiasm over their selec
tion.
But the other two members of the Grant
Cabinet created astonishment—A. T. Stewart,
the New York dry-goods merchant; and
Adolph E. Borie, of Philadelphia, merely a
wealthy man.
Yet, Stewart would have made an admira
ble Secretary of the Treasury; and the ap
pointment was made as a recognition of most
valuable services to the Government, during
the War.
As to Borie, he was known to be a man of
absolute purity of character; and his reputa
tion in his own State was well established.
Nout compare the Cabinet of the honest but
inexperienced soldier, General Grant, with
the bunch of corporation lawyers that the ex
perienced, worldly wise Mr. Taft gathered
around him.
Who ever heard of Dickinson, excepting as
one of Harriman’s railroad attorneys?
Who ever heard of Wickersham at all ? We
now know that he says he was a law-partner
of Henry Taft, (Bill’s “bud”,) and that his
partner was the attorney of the Sugar Trust,
but that he, Wickersham, wasn't. That state
ment reveals a fine legal mind, doesn’t it?
His partner, Henry Taft, was the Sugar
Trust’s lawyer, but he, Wickersham, was not.
Deeply versed in the lore of “Partnership”, is
this wonderful Attorney-General!
Dickinon: Harriman railroad lawyer.
Knox: Pennsylvania Railroad lawyer.
(continued on page seven)
Price, Five Gents