PAGE SIX
UNION DEPARTMENT
STOCK SENSE.
Beginners in stock raising are usually timid
at sales and often do not do themselves jus
tice, nor the choice that they make.
Although bran may be cheap and eaten
well, it is not a fattening food. Corn, ground
oats and milk will make pigs smile.
Another argument in favor of feeding a
variety of foods is stated, because no two
animals give the same results from the same
action.
There is a loss in possible income in raising
every kind of stock of inferior grade. This
is said to be unusually the case in raising
horses.
One performance on the part of an animal
is not a fair test of its capacity. It should
be carefully watched through a long peroid of
time and in the discharge of various kinds of
work.
Every State is profitable to the man who
knows how. Failures occur mostly with those
who come from other States and bring methods
which succeeded there, but are not adapted to
their new conditions.
The farmer who feeds cattle on a hillside
■and lets the fertility wash away loses soil and
fertilizer, and the man in the valley or down
at the mouth of the creek gets what the feeder
should utilize.
There is a decided tendency throughout the
•country to purebred stock, which is very grat
ifying to those interested in such things.
There are few farmers who have not some
ambition to have as good as they can afford.
It is now proposed to set aside a tract of
twenty square miles in the Flat Head Indian
reservation in Montana as a buffalo range.
There is already a range of this kind in the
Wichita reservation which contains a number
of buffalo.
Reports show that during the last seven
years horses in this country have increased
about thirty per cent —from 15,000,000 to 23,-
000,000 —but values have increased only
twelve per cent. The average price at the
farm in 1900 was $44.50.
Farm teams are not for speed, but for ser
vice. They should be heavy, and should be
good workers. A team that with an energetic
gait will move right along will do a. large
amount of work in a day. Usually the owner
will have no complaint to make. —Texas Farm
er.
The, Weekly Jeffersonian, Atlanta, Ga.:
Enclosed you will find some resolutions
passed by Lincoln County Union April 4,
1908.
Knowing that the only way for the farmers
to whip the Wall Street dealers in cotton fu
tures who control the money of this country
and can force the price of cotton up or down
as they see fit:
Resolved, That we pledge ourselves to raise
our own supplies at home and keep out of
debt as far as possible, by so doing we will be
,able to hold our cotton until we can get a
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
price in proportion to the price of cotton
goods.
Resolved, second, That we ask those who
do not belong to the union to help us in our
fight to better the condition of the farming
class who have been imposed upon, we think,
long enough.
Resolved, third, That we ask the weekly
Jeffersonian, The Union News and Lincoln
Home Journal to publish these resolutions.
T. C. STROTHER,
Amity, Ga.
Sec. and Treas.
YOUR FAMILY IS PAYING S2O A YEAR
WAR TAX.
We have had no great events since our last
issue, but wc have had a number of minor
happenings that suggest large issues. Here,
for example, is Senator Hale, attacking the
constantly increasing army appropriation bill
of the National Government. The physical
isolation of our ocean-bordered nation is its
best guarantee of peace, and a large standing
army has always been opposed by our people.
Yet it is announced that the present govern
mental military program looks to an army of
125,000 men —one grown man in every two
hundred in the country taken from the ranks
of productive industry and put into the army,
to be supported by the labors of the others.
Senator Hale also made the statement —■
astonishing as it is to most people —that 70
per cent (nearly three-fourths) of our Na
tional revenues “are today expended for what
has been termed the needs of past, present, or
future wars” —that is to say for army, navy,
pensions, etc. What this means to the average
man, the average farmer, how heavily he is
taxed for these purposes through the indirect
methods of the Government, it would astonish
him to know. We estimate it at an average of
S2O a year war tax paid by each and every
family among our readers.
Isn’t this enough to quicken your interest
in the movement for peace through interna
tional arbitration? —Progressive Farmer.
THE PRICE OF DEMAGOGISM.
Who is doing more to advance the welfare
of the country, the politician or the business
man? Is one more disinterested than the oth
er, and are the methods of the former more
in accordance with the golden rule than those
of the latter? Just now the politician occu
pies the center of the stage, and denounces
volubly and harshly business methods general
ly. The farmer and working man may well
ask how much his interests have been ad
vanced by this crusade of the politician. The
net result seems to be lower prices and lower
wages, with a diminished demand for labor
and the products of labor.
There has been much promise of the prose
cution of criminals, and about the usual
amount of real prosecution. It is always in
order to prosecute and punish lawbreakers
and the whole country is the better for such
prosecutions, The vigorous prosecution of
thieves and grafters does much to maintain
public confidence in the government and its
institutions, and the breaking up of unlawful
and harmful combinations strengthens and
broadens business. But the certainty that
unlawful conspiracies will be broken up is no
more helpful to public confidence than the
certainty that no legitimate business enter
prise will be harrassed or bankrupted.
It has always been fashionable to be honest
in business, and business probity is no more or
less fashionable now than it has always been.
The demagogue is just as solicitous for the
rights of man as he has always been, and for
the same reason; and is just as diligent in
hunting for catchy issues upon which to base
his appeals. In away he serves a useful pur
pose; but it is questionable if he does not do
more harm than good. Public life would be
duller without him, and grafting might be
more secure. —Farmers’ Advocate.
IS THERE NO HELP FOR THE FARMER?
March 24, 1908.
Mr. Editor: Now that the legislature will
soon meet again in its second session and
many good men in our state are aspiring to be
law makers, can we venture to suggest that the
greatest need of our land is a law by which
cotton warehouses can issue certificates on
cotton; making said certificates legal mediums
of exchange within the boundaries of Geor
gia ?
Last fall the farmers of this county built
a large and commodious warehouse to aid
them in marketing their cotton as the demand
called for it. We asked the secretary of state
for a copy of the laws governing or legalizing
bonded warehouses. He promptly informed
us that Georgia was without a on that
subject, but that a bill was introduced at
the last session of the legislature to legalize
bonded warehouses, but it was pigeon-holed
and was now sleeping a deep sleep in the
capitol of our state.
It is an indisputable fact that the life of
cotton, well cared for, is almost that of a
human being; that it is a medium of cir
culation, that it is the best collateral and
as readily converted into actual cash as almost
anything known to the commercial world.
In fact, it demands gold in every civilized
country of the world. It is the largest factor
in national and international commerce of
any other article produced from God’s earth,
and on it the south bases all of its business
operations, and good prices for the staple
is the only rock on which the prosperity of
the farmers rests. When farmers prosper all
other classes prosper. To put the crop all
on the market in two or three months means
ruin to the farmers.
As conditions now exist, farmers are com
pelled to let go or fall on their knees and
beg for loans when the market is depressed.
It would be constitutional without doubt,
then why not pass a law by which the farmers
can place their cotton in bonded warehouses
authorized so issue certifiates on the same, so