themselves with a rational money system, or
to help out their money shortage by the use
of credit, as is done by Great Britain, the
United States, France, Germany, and other
countries.
The commercial and, I may say, the intel
lectual development of a nation can. be
measured by its fiscal system. Money is not
only the “sinews of war,” but of peace, as
well. No people can develop to any great
extent its natural wealth without money, and
yet when money is plentiful even a people with
low mentality are prosperous. The Spanish
people, under the reign of Emperor Charles
the Fifth, became the leading power of Europe
through the influx of gold from America upon
its discovery by Columbus in 1492. Yet
Charles the Fifth was a mad man of low
mentality, and wasted the energies of his peo
ple in w T ars of aggression.
With a full money supply it does not require
any great genius to conduct a business enter
prise, but to secure credit requires the genius
of a Napoleon. The blessings that would
come with an ample volume of money are
beyond the dreams of the most enthusiastic
reformer. 1
The importance of an ample volume of
money is not half realized even by those writ
ers who have devoted years of thought to the
subject, and the great masses have had such a
struggle for existence that they have given no
thought to it, and yet its solution means the
freedom of the industrial workers of the world.
It means a fair day’s wage for a fair day’s
work. It means an equitable division of the
products of toil.
It will give us all that is good in society. It
will make co-operation possible, without des
troying individualism. A social compact will
be all the government needed, and the highest
development of the human race will be at
tained.
I place economic questions above all others,
because ethical culture must follow' industrial
progress, it cannot precede it!
Poverty begets vice as surely as night fol
lows day. Material prosperity is the great
goal for which w T e must strive if we wish to
lift mankind to a higher ethical standard.
The greatest plan yet suggested to give us
an ample volume of money is that of Monetiz
ing Land Values.
A government legal-tender paper money
issued against land values has been tried and
it made the best money known to civilization.
Benjamin Franklin inaugurated this system in
the Pennsylvania, colony before the Revolution
and it was a perfect success, and was in vogue
for more than 40 years; but the English Par
liament prohibited the use of paper money by
the American colonies and did not discriminate
between the absolute paper money of Pennsyl
vania and the paper promises to pay specie
issued by the other colonies which had de
preciated, owing to the fact that they weie
not money but a promise to pay money.
And so,' while the Pennsylvania paper money
was as good as gold, it met the same fate as
the other colonial issues.
The money loaner then, jas now, was opposed
to the issue of paper money for it reduced the
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
interest rate to five per cent, the rate charged
for the government issue. The common rate
before the government issue was S per cent.
Having a more abundant supply of money
and a lower interest rate gave the Pennsyl
vanians a great advantage over the other col
onies, and they became more prosperous and
absorbed the gold and sijver from the other
colonies so they w’ere better able to'stand the
loss of their paper money.
The tendency is for a prosperous nation to
absorb the money of its less prosperous neigh
bor, that is, if they use the same kind of
money, and as there has always been a chronic
shortage of money the world over, it becomes
a very serious question when a nation loses
any considerable quantity of its money. The
shipment of a hundred millions of gold from
this country to England would cause a panic,
while the transfer of other wealth, though ten
times as great, would be heralded with delight
as showing the balance of trade in our favor.
The reader will please note how different
money is from a commodity. We could lose
ten times the value of our nation’s money in
commodities and scarcely note the effect, and
yet if some nation should trade us out of our
money the distress would be appalling. It
would be like taking tools from a mechanic,
or blood from our system.
The effect of a vicious money system is
world-wide. No other economic question is
so farreaching. Interest is a tribute paid by
every individual that is in touch with civiliza
tion. Interest is the primary cause of panics.
An ample volume of money will obviate inter
est. A provision to monetize land values will
give us an ample volume, and free us from
panics.
THE HUNGER FOR LAND.
It is scarcely necessary to repeat what ev
eryone knows so well, the hunger for land
grows rather than diminishes. And it is cer
tain that though for brief periods, there may
be a lessened demand for land, yet, on the
whole, the demand continues to grow, and for
very obvious reasons.
It has been said very often that there is
but one crop of land, but there doesn’t seem
to be any way out of saying it again. Pop
ulation is growing. The world, therefore, de
mands larger food supplies, and this means
either that more acres must be cultivated or
that more food per acre must be raised. It
means both, in fact.
In our own country, in spite of its enormous
extent, rable land is growing scarce. In a
few years it will all be gone practically. The
splendid irrigation projects in prospect will,
of course, put off for some years the time
when all good unimproved land will be taken
up.
Allowing for the fact that the land busi
ness may be boomed too greatly, and that in
some quarters this has put prices at too high
a figure, it is nevertheless true that land
prices must advance on the whole, in spite
of temporary setbacks due to various causes
The present so-called land hunger, there
fore, is natural and healthy. Land prices in
this country have not anyw'here near reached
their limit. The writer of this letter expects
history to repeat itself in this matter during
the next 25 years. Men in Kansas under
40 years of age can point to farm land valued
now at SIOO per acre which, within their mem
ory, was homesteaded at $1.25. Men are now
living on farms in Illinois valued at $l5O or
even more per acre, which in their boyhood
were bought for $8 to $lO per acre.
We are hearing frequently that this high
priced land will not always be held so high.
Well, W'o do not believe it. Prices may drop
to a lower level for a time, but they will come
back to present figures, and are certain to go
much higher than any figures current.
Land in Europe, not so good as our best
land, is held at S4OO per acre. Under like con
ditions it will go to similar figures in Ameri
ca.
M hen it does we shall have to raise more
per acre than at present, and that is easily
possible. It is done in Europe. We can do
it here, and will do it when circumstances
make it necessary.
" It is true of those peoples whom we so often
call “thrifty” that they are good land buyers.
This is true of the best class of farmers'who
come to us from European countries. The
German is proverbially thrifty. Wherever a
community of German farmers is found in
this country there will be found farmers who
aie good land buyers and poor land sellers.
They know the value of land. They look on
the possession of land as an almost priceless
heritage. Their own experience in Germany,
a nation with comparatively poor soil, and
with a population of over 50 million, in a ter
ritory smaller than our largest state, has
taught them that the possession of land is
not to be lightly valued. Their example is a
good one to follow. This doesn’t mean that
a man cannot make a mistake in buying land.
Mistakes will always be made, but it is never
theless true that for the farmer no investment
is so good ordinarily as land. It may or may
not be a g’ood investment for the city man,
though more and more the men in the towns
and cities are putting their money into lands,
improved and unimproved. Buy land, w’ell lo
cated, improved or unimproved. This appears
to be a good motto for the farmer today.
Since the rich man’s panic of October, 1907,
land as an investment has been held in higher
esteem than ever before. Land cannot get
away. Even if it should decrease in value it
is still thorp, and it is about as certain as
anything can be that fertile land practically
anywhere in the United States will be worth
more five years from now than at the pres
ent time. This is particularly true in the new
er sections of our country, and most emphati
cally is it true in Kansas and the great South
west, the coming seat of agricultural empire
in America. —Farmers’ Advocate.
Laurel Mills Manufacturing Co.
Roswell, Cobb County, Georgia
WE EXCHANGE
CLOTH FOR WOOL
Send for samples and prices.
AGENTS WANTED on liberal terms.
PAGE SEVEN