PAGE SIX
TARMERS’ UNION DEPARTMENT
A 30-BUSHEL CORN YIELD ON 6-BUSHEL
LAND.
An Experiment Compelled by Necessity Shows
How Good Preparation Multiplied the
Yield by Five.
Messrs. Editors: I will write you what I
learned about corn, after thirty years of tick
ling the soil for a living. I had three acres
of ridge land, with about three inches of soil
and clay subsoil, which I broke and harrowed
well, putting 250 pounds of cottonseed meal on
two acres of it for cotton; but planted the
remaining acre in corn and cultivated this
acre the old way. But on April 4 the frost
killed the two acres of cotton; so, it was re
bedded and harrowed and planted in corn.
But the hand planted feed corn instead of
seed corn; so I waited till it w’as up, then
re-bedded and harrowed it again, making three
times that I broke and harrowed the two
acres.
I then dropped corn in the water furrow
and covered it with two light furrows, and
harrowed it all again. When it began to come
up, I ran the harrow over it and the middles
four times to the row, and let it stand until
nearly knee high. I then took a True Blue
plow and split the middles with two furrow’s,
then harrowed again. This was the last plow
ing it got, as the land was too wet until the
corn was too large to work. .J planted Alex
ander Six-eared corn on the three acres. On
the two acres I made seventy barrels of corn,
which had from one to six ears to the stalk.
On the one acre I planted and cultivated the
old Southern, or free negro, way, I got enough
nubbins to shell about six bushels. It has
taught me that the preparation is more than
half the battle and equal to fertilization.
J. A. HEDRICK.
Port Gibson, Miss.
Editorial Comment: Let us consider w’hat
that means. A barrel of corn will make
over a bushel of shelled grain usually, maybe
five pecks, depending on the variety. It ap
pears to be conservative to say that the sev
enty barrels grown on the two acres equaled
at least thirty bushels per acre —five times
the yield of the one acre that was planted and
cultivated the common way. In other words,
each acre of the well prepared land equalled
in yield five of the other. The other kind
of preparation is the kind that makes so
many say corn raising does not pay.
Half the cultivation should be given be
fore the crop is planted, and some of the
remaining cultivation should be given before
the crop comes up. Last year a number of
farmers known to the writer had an experience
somewhat similar to the one related by Mr.
Hedrick, in that they had to replant two or
three times and consequently worked their
land more than common. Each reported that
he began to think his corn crop was going
to be too expensive to realize any profit from;
bus also said that the yield was so un-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
usually large that he made corn cheaply. In
each of their cases, as in Mr. Hedrick’s case,
the final planting was done so late as to give
the first planting a decided advantage of sea
son; but the frequent working of the land for
the late planted crop was in each case of so
much benefit, that in spite of the disadvantage
of late planting the well prepared land made
the cheap corn.
The question may arise, whether the extra
preparation cost more than an equal amount
of cultivation after the crop was up? Expe
rience does not seem to indicate that meas
ured in bushels of grain the same time or the
same money spent after the crop is up will
get as good returns as before the crop is
planted; but frequent shallow cultivation
would, of course, push the yield on up high
er. Thorough preparation before planting,
however, is the point in corn raising that is
most often neglected. Fining the soil thor
oughly before planting makes the plant food
more readily used by the crop during its ear
ly days, one of the times it most needs food
in readily available forms.. That kind of seed
bed also, controls moisture suitable for the
crop.
Assuming that the additional expense put
on each of the two productive acres mentioned
by Mr. Hedrick made twenty-four bushels per
acre extra (that’s what his report shows), let
us see whether it paid. When most Southern
farmers buy corn from merchants, they come
near paying 75 cents per bushel. Say it is
sixty cents. Twenty-four bushels at sixty
cents -is an extra income of $14.40 per acre
for the extra expense. Figure out the cost
of doing the work reported, and see how much
net profit it made. See whether one can af
ford not to prepare land well before planting.
—Progressive Farmer.
THE COTTON SITUATION—SOME SUG
GESTIONS.
Your editorial in the Jeffersonian of the
12th inst. on “What is Cotton Worth?’’ is
to my mind one of the most interesting arti
cles you have published in many a day.
Presenting facts, you caused me to pause
and think. I wish I knew of some way where
by the farmer could save that fifty dollars
he is losing on each bale of his cotton. Now
it has occurred to me that every pound of cot
ton growm in the South should be manufac
tured in the South and by the planters them
selves. I know I am not the only one that
has thought this, but I would like to see a
determination among Southern cotton growers
to carry out the plan. I would like to see
a great cotton factory owned and operated
by farmers. I would be happy to see the work
done in the factory by men. I would like for
their wives to be at home, their children in
school and the men in the factory at work.
Why could we not have a factory in every
congressional district to keep company with
the agricultural school? Each farmer hold
ing cotton for 15 cents should resolve to help
manufacture it as he is so slow about getting
15 cents. In nearly every congressional dis
trict we could find:
5 men able to invest $2,000 SIO,OOO
10 men able to invest 1,000 10,000
20 mfen able to invest 800 16,000
30 men able to invest 600 18,000
40 men able to invest 400 16,000
50 men able to invest 200 10,000
100 men able to invest 100 10,000
200 men able to invest 40 8,000
500 men able to invest 20 10,000
Totalsloß,ooo
That amount would put a good mill in close
proximity to every farmer and in a few years
could be increased until all the cloth could be
made at home. To put this money in a cot
ton factory would be a good investment. It
would be safer than a Neal Bank. To manu
facture the cotton the farmer would get the
benefit of protection. Just think of it, we
pay the freight on our cotton from here to
England and New England, then pay the
freight on the cloth back and besides lose fifty
dollars per bale. More. We could manu
facture the cloth here cheaper than they can
in New Hampshire or other New England
states. There are no coal mines in Maine,
New Hampshire, Vermont, Massachusetts,
Rhode Island nor Connecticut. Thousands of
car loads of coal go from the middle states
to New England. I am not sure but I don’t
think the soil of Maine is well adapted for
brick. Os course water power is largely used
in the East. But we have it here. There is
hardly a county in Georgia but what has
water enough to spin all the cotton grown
therein into thread and weave it into cloth.
We do not send our corn to New Hampshire
to have it ground into meal, nor our sugar
cane to have it changed to syrup. If we raise
12,000,000 bales per year and gain SSO per
bale by manufacturing it ourselves we will
add $600,000,000 to our wealth each year.
Let us hope that some enterprising Farmers’
Union will begin this work. Let others join
in until all this work is done at home and
the South in a few years will be the richest
part of all the earth.
Very truly,
CITIZEN.
v AN OLD VET’S PITIFUL LETTER.
Dublin, Laurens Co., Ga., April 27, 1908.
Dear Sir: For the benefit of the old Con
federate soldiers, I ask you to publish this
note. They want to know if the law pre
vents them from being sent to the poorhouse
as they cannot get a pension from the state,
as all comrades are dead, and the law cannot
be complied with ? Many of us that were
wounded in battle and diseased are nearing
the time, if we keep on living, shall surely
suffer. We all, nearly, discuss among our
selves that we envy the place of those of our
comrades that fell at the first Manassas bat
tle, Please publish in your Weekly Jeffer
sonian, Respectfully yours,
G. W. JENKINS.