the statements of “a certain German” (whom
he does not name) which involves even a high
er estimate of American expenditure in Eu
rope. Thus we read:
“Speaking of this American invasion of
Europe the Berlin papers calculate at an even
higher figure the aggregate profit accruing to
the nations of Europe from transatlantic tour
ists. We are told that not less than 300,000
Americans cross the Atlantic* every season,
and each of them spends abroad about S7OO,
which amount to a total of $210,000,000. The
German writer referred to bases upon careful
statistics his further statement that Ameri
can ladies leave about $7,000,000 in the tailor
and millinery establishments of Paris.; $1,400,-
000 in other shops, and that American men and
women annually spend at Paris about $2,000,-
000 for souvenirs of various sorts. ’ ’
The Nuavo Antologia thinks that as a gen
eral thing American travel is of advantage to
the countries visited. The question is dis
cussed as follows:
-*• A-C_.
Bigger
y Cotton Yields Per Acre V
The value of commercial fertilizers has '/Jg
been demonstrated over and over again by
.«. both government and private comparative
tests. We stand ready to demonstrate to '• B
you at any time that the surest way to “in- S
crease your yields per acre” is to use /J 8
gp Virginia-Carolina i
'oU. Fertilizers 4?
BL .■=?. E. J. Redding, former Director of the Geor- 1|
j®- z y gia Exp. Station, is authority for the statement that M
“experiments made at this station show that well
balanced commercial fertilizer applied to one acre
°f l anc b and well cultivated, may be reasonably ex-
P ecte d to produce an increase of yield of seed 4fl *
cotton. At the present price of cotton this would g
f ' mean a large extra profit (for both lint and seed), a
Y after deducting the price for fertilizer.”
/ You’ll find reports of many other comparative
s tests, together with much valuable information con-
iSw/WK-b cerning land culture in the new Virginia-Carolina
Year Book or Almanac. Ask you local fertilizer la
P’ dealer for a copy—or we’ll send you one 1
ree ’ y° U wr * te our nearest -ales office. jl
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co. Jgf
Richmond, Va. Durham, N.C.
ffTw// Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S. C. sh
U%. Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md. tjrja
Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga. J&gf
v f /1 Savannah, Ga. Montgomery, Ala.
Memphis, Tenn. »
|KO|
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
“It has often been asked whether a coun
try is really benefited by the revenue it ob
tains from foreign visitors. It is reasonable
to presume that when travelers merely make
their tour a pretext for idle and unrestrained
vagabondage they do no good to the land they
visit. If, on the other hand, their tour serves
the purpose of promoting mutual culture, of
spreading refinement and civilization, of draw
ing different nations into a closer brotherhood,
and making them better acquainted one with
another, in teaching each people that some
thing is always to be learned from a foreign
er, then, decidedly, travel is a good thing, and
quite worth the extravagant expenditure of
money and of energy which we have record
ed.” —Translation made for The Literary Di
gest.
Napoleon laid great stress upon the supreme
moment. He said he beat the Austrians be
cause “they did not know the value of five
minutes.”
ANNOUNOEMKNT.
To the Voter* of the Northern Judicial Cir
cuit:
I announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to the primary to be held for
that purpose. I assure you that I will appre
ciate your support.
L- D. M’GREGOR.
For Sale
Pure Pulnott Cotton Seed.
Pure and unmixed. If not as represented re
turn them at my expense and the price will
be refunded. Prices: SI.OO per bushel; or
ders for over 40 bushels at 90 cents per bushel.
J. E. BRADBURY, JR.
Athens, Ga., R. F. D. 4.
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s Jef
fersonian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
World’s Events and Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian. Both one year $1,75
World’s Events and Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine. Both one year ....$2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year ..$2.00
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine. Both one year... .$2.25
Odum Clark’s Magazine and Watson’s Week
ly. Both one year $1.35
Odum Clark’s Magazine and Watson’s Jeffer
sonian Magazine. Both one year $1.85
Address
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
The largest school of Bookkeeping, Business
Training, Shorthand and Typewriting in the
state. Positions secured. Fill in and mail for
catalog.
Name
Address
Bound Volumes
Vol. 1, first 6 months, $2.00
Vol. 2, second 6 months, 1.50
Both together, prepaid, $3.00
ADDRESS
JEFFERSONIAN
THOMSON, GA.
PAGE SEVEN