Public Opinion Throughout the Union
FILIPINO NEEDS IGNORED.
The Philippine commission came to Wash
ington asking for bread in tariff reform,
but the ways and means committee of the
House offer them a stone. Commissioner
Lagarda brought the request of the islanders
for the free entry of their products into the
United States, claiming the same right which
has been given to Porto Rico and which has
by twelve times increased the trade of that
island with the United States. In response
to the request the ways and means committee
have recommended a bill providing for free
importation into the Philippines of agricul
tural machinery and apparatus for road build
ing. This means little or nothing to the
Filipinos. The benefits of agricultural machin
ery and of good roads will not be realized
unless a market is opened for the products of
the soil. —Boston Herald.
•
WHEN GOVERNMENT REACHES BEYOND
ITS NATURAL FUNCTIONS.
More significant than victorious battles and
campaigns is the suggestion that Japan will
pay 9 per cent interest on its desperately
needed loan of 300,000,000 yen. The monu
mental point is that if the financiers of the
White Powers should decline to lend the
money to Japan its celebrated modern struct
ure of Government-subsidized corporations
will go to absolute wreck.
There is no other explanation for the ex
traordinary rates of interest offered Japan’s
appeal, in the form of enormous interest
rates in time of peace—indeed, larger than
the interest on the war loans—tells the story
of the attempt of a government to create
industry and enterprise, willy nilly.
Possibly when the history of modern Japan
is written it will be one of the world’s great
lessons of the futility of governmental power
when it attempts to reach beyond its natural
duties and functions. —New York American.
THE TRAGEDY OF SENATOR BAILEY OF
TEXAS.
The nomination of Thos. E. Watson, the
brilliant Georgian, by the Populists, betokens
the coming day when we shall see Southern
men named by the two old parties, too, as
candidates for the greatest elective office in
the world. In fact, not unlikely we should
see a Southern candidate this year —Senator
Joseph W. Bailey, of Texas —but for the
painful revelation of his unsavory record as
attorney for the Standard Oil Company:
acting while United States Senator as the
paid attorney of this great monopoly. In
intellect Bailey is unquestionably of presi
dential size: quite possibly he outranks Bryan
or Taft; and, adding to this great oratorical
gifts and a singularly magnetic presence, he
could not unlikely have beaten Bryan for the
Democratic nomination this year had he only
kept himself straight beyond question or
scruple. It is well that the American people
STHB JEFFERSONIAM
have decided that their great leaders, like
Caesar’s wife, must be above suspicion; but
the crippling of a giant like Bailey is singu
larly pathetic, and doubly so in his case be
cause many in the South had trusted that
it would be he that should bring our section
into participation once again in the fullest
measure of national life. It is true that Bailey
won his recent fight to head the Texas Demo
cratic delegation to Denver, but his majority
was not so large as his friends hoped for;
and while he may recover his prestige as a
State leader, the South’s hope of him as her
long-sought deliverer from sectional bondage
has probably vanished forever.—Progressive
Farmer.
A PERNICIOUS PRECEDENT.
Mr. Roosevelt’s activity as the real manager
of the Taft campaign has established a prece
dent of wholly the wrong sort. People believe
in Theodore Roosevelt, and so they are view
ing With little seriousness a matter of great
moment in the long history of this country.
Absolutism which disregards the proprieties
of presidential conduct is at odds with
democracy, and an enemy of it. Federal offi
cers throughout the length and breadth of the
land have been swung to the side of the presi
dential favorite. It was for this purpose
that Mr. Hitchcock left the postoffiee depart
ment, after the scandal of his political activity
there made his resignation necessary. All his
political work was approved by the President.
Not only is this against precedent and the
proprieties that ought to hedge about the
presidency, but there is also great unfairness
in it toward all others save the one chosen as
the heir apparent. Not only this, but the
threat has been directly and effectively made
that if the great financial interests of this
country refused their support to Mr. Taft,
they would be met with the candidacy of
Roosevelt. This threat .has availed to bring
many, of the men whom the President has
called “malefactors” into line with his plans.
He plays the game to win as Harriman can
testify. His enemies are made to serve him
now. Employment of these means to con
trol the presidential office is both unfit and
dangerous to the future of the republic. What
Democrats have always had to fear has been
concentration of power and privilege. There
never was before such an exhibition of the
employment of the power of the presidential
office to dictate public affairs as is now in
evidence. —The Springfield Republican.
NEW YORK DEMOCRACY: A CLOSE
LOOK AT AN IDOL THE SOUTH
HAS WORSHIPPED.
It’s no particular discredit to Mr. Wm. J.
Bryan that he failed to win the endorsement
of the riotous mob in Albany that made up
the Democratic State Convention of New
York last week, and with the miserable divis
ions with which the party starts the campaign
there, it is doubtful whether its endorsement
would do any other candidate much good. A
two-to-three days’ session; the police unable
to keep order; the sergeant-at-arms knocked
silly; dozen men at once calling the chair
man a liar, with other complimentary allusions
unsuited to our columns—oh, it was a delight
ful gathering of saintly idealists and patriots!
Boss Murphy of Tammany dictating every
thing, and the whole machine gang subordinat
ing the larger interests of the party to their
own grafting interests, while the convention
ended with the party in Greater New York
seriously split by the McCarren fight, and the
decent up-State delegates mad as hornets be
cause of the chairman’s trickery in the ap
pointment of a State Committee!
As a matter of fact, the Democratic organi
zation in a number of Northern States is in
about as serious need of fumigation as the
Republican organization in some Southern
States, and New York is a case in point. The
fact that in the recent anti-gambling legisla
tion seventeen of the nineteen Democratic
Senators voted with the gamblers shows the
moral rating of the New York party leaders.
And yet this is the sweet-scented aggregation
to which it is proposed that the decent Demo
crats in a dozen Southern States shall per
petually bow in quiet submission. Hasn’t the
South had enough of this? —Progressive
Farmer.
THE DROPPED STITCH.
The New York Sun devotes a labored edi
torial of a column length to its regrets at hav
ing to admit Gov. Hughes’ correctness in the
latter’s statement in a recent public address,
expressing belief that the day of the regula
tion of railroads by the government has come,
and that on the part of those controlling the
railroads it would be wisdom to acquisce there
in.
The Sun seems to think that under govern
ment voice in the roads, development would
cease, and cites the greater progress of
American roads and their greater develop
ment over those of Europe, under government
ownership, and “lacking the stimulus of pri
vate self-interest.” The Sun overlooks the
most important fact that the government of
this country has not undertaken to regulate
or control the roads until we, too, have gotten
to that position where competition has about
stopped, by consolidation and combination.
Private owners, under a scientific government
or advanced civilization, cannot be freed from
government regulation unless conditions of
control are imposed on them by private com
petition. Private interest can no more safe
ly be entrusted with monopoly in the necessi
ties of life than it is safe to rely on the gov
ernment for regulation; in fact, if we look on
government activity in the necessities, in
these latter times, as an evil, it is certainly a
less evil than unrestrained private greed. The
unrestrained control of monopolies is the pow
er of taxation and should not be in private
hands. —Memphis News-Scimitar.
PAGE THREE