PAGE TWELVE
TO THE BOYS AND GIRLS.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
the test results of thirty years of reading
and study. Many of them cost me sev
eral weeks of hard work, and many of
them are based on the experience and the
reading of a life-time.
I can conscientiously say to my friends,
young and old, that they will find in these
a olumes an amount of information which
can not otherwise be had without the
study of years and the reading of hun
dreds of books.
The best way to help others is to give
them the opportunity to help themselves
The cash price of these two volumes is
$2.50, but I am going to mail both of
them to every one who sends six sub
scribers to the Jeffersonian Magazine, or
eight subscribers to the Weekly Jeffer
sonian, the subscriptions to be accompa
nied by $1.50 per subscription for the
Magazine, and $t per subscription f >r the
Weeklv. Respectfully,
THOS. E. WATSON.
H H H
Poor White Trash.
In slavery times the negroes develop
ed a curious pride in belonging to rich
men. A slave who lived on a plantation
where there were a hundred slaves con
sidered himself very much above the ne
gro who belonged to a white man who
could afford only half a dozen slaves.
Those white people who owned no
slaves at all were held in contempt by
the negroes, and were alluded to as
“poor white trash.”
Since the Civil War we do not often
hear the phrase.
Some weeks ago, the Hon. Leonidas
Livingston, in a conversation with some
gentlemen at Fairburn, stated that the
disfranchisement amendment to the Con
stitution of the State ought to be defeat
ed, because they (meaning the Demo
crats) “would need the negro vote to beat
Watson and the Populists.”
The Hon. Leonidas proceeded to ex
plain that the negroes regarded the Popu
lists as “poor white trash,” and would,
naturally, vote against them.
When the Hon. Leonidas was holding
forth in this manner, he supposed all
the gentlemen who were listening to him
were his supporters and that none of
them would repeat what he said where it
might give him trouble. The unexpected
happens in Livingston’s district, however,
just as it does in others, and several of
the men who listened to him were so in
dignant at what he said that they re
ported it. Mr. Mayson’s friends began
to use it against Livingston, and, of
course, it began to do the Hon. Leonidas
much harm. Therefore, he got a number
of his friends to sign a circular to counter
act the Mayson circular. Os all the lame
circulars that we have ever seen, the Liv
ingston circular is the lamest.
Mr. S. H. Brantley, who signs him
self as “Mayor” of the metropolis of
Fairburn, is one of those who states that
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Livingston did use the words: “poor
white trash,” but he says “those words
were used against the foreign criminals,
as they are called by the negroes, and
against none other.”
Now, when and where did the negroes
of the South ever apply the words “poor
white trash” to foreign criminals? When
have the negroes ever found it necessary
to coin any nickname for foreign crim
inals? What do the negroes know, or
care, about foreign criminals? Who is
this foreign criminal, anyhow? What
means have the negroes, or the Mayor
and merchants of Fairburn, of determin
ing which are the criminals among our
foreign immigrants? Anybody who knows
anything about the matter knows that the
“poor white trash” to whom Livingston
alluded were the poor white men of this
State whose friend Livingston used to
pretend to be.
It was the vote of “poor white trash”
which helped to put him into Congress.
It is by the vote of “poor white trash”
that he has been enabled to stay there
for eighteen years.
No wonder he and his friends were
struck with consternation when they
learned that his contemptuous reference
to the poor white people of the State of
Georgia had been made public.
The attempt of Mr. Mayor Brantlev
and the merchants of Fairburn to make
it appear that Livingston, in speaking
of “poor white trash,” meant foreign
criminals, is an insult to the intelligence
of the people of this State, and a dis
credit to themselves.
*. *
A n Important Letter.
(Copy.)
A. L. Miller. Hooper Alexander,
Chairman. Vice-Chairman.
C. H. Hall,
Secretary.
State Democratic Executive Committee,
Headquarters, Macon, Ga.
Macon, Ga., May 15, 1908.
Mr. I. T. Irvin, Jr., Washington, Ga.
Dear Sir: Replving to vour letter, as
to the riedit of certain white Republicans
and Populists to vote in the approaching
primary. I beg to say that I am sending
you, under separate cover, marked copy
of the campaign book, containing the
Macon Platform, and the rules of the
State Committee. I refer you to pages 38,
46 and. 47. My construction of Rules 1
and 2 is that the voter who votes in the
approaching primarv, under the terms im
posed by those rules, becomes therebv a
Democratic voter. We are certainly hold
ing a Democratic primarv, and I do not
understand that a man can vote under
our rules in good faith in the approachin"
primary, and immediately thereafter, in
the November election, vote the Repub
lican or Populist ticket.
With regards, I am
Sincerely vours,
(Signed) A. L. MILLER,
Chairman.
GUBERNATORIAL CAMPAIGN
NOTES.
(Continued from Page One.)
stuffed with as many fraudulent votes as
are needed.
The city of Augusta can absolutely per
petuate herself in Congress, if this new
rule becomes a fixture. The city politi
cians can always put up a candidate who
will be able to divide the county vote;
naturally and legally their advantage will
be immense under this new rule; consider
then what a temptation and opportunity
there is to make this advantage decisive,
by feeding the ballot boxes with a few
hundreds or thousands of bogus ballots!
If we were in Tom Hardwick’s shoes,
we would look very cross-eyed at that
new rule.
The first thing he knows, those Au
gusta fellows will do him a job.
In the Savannah district, it will be the
same way. The country counties will
have no chance against the big city, and
its inevitable element of purchasable
voters, its unscrupulous ward-heelers, its
ballot-box stuffers, and its high-minded
candidate who will receive the stolen
goods knowing them to have been stolen.
In the Macon district, the Macon man
will always win; and so in the Atlanta
district, the Rome district, the Gaines
ville district, the Albany district, and the
others. The city man will win, unless the
country counties fight the devil with fire.
In that event, we shall have a carnival of
political fraud, corruption and crime.
it
In the Tenth District, during the
Black-Watson campaigns, it would have
been very easy for the Populists to have
stuffed the boxes in those nine counties
which we controlled. But we said, when
that plan was suggested, “No! Reform
ers can not commit frauds to defeat
frauds. Rather than lower the standard
of morality in the Tenth District, we will
let Augusta have the Congressman.”
The stuffed boxes and Boykin Wright
practically disfranchised the nine country
counties.
Now that Boykin is one of Hoke’s lieu
tenants, the same game can be played
against the whole state. And the country
counties will have to submit, or go into
the stuffing business themselves!
*
Will these country counties, and their
ambitious young town politicians, sub
mit to the frauds, as we did in the Tenth
district? Hardly. Every town has its
aspiring young men—able, energetic, re
sourceful. If they find that the Rings of
the four big cities are stuffing ballot
boxes, we greatly fear that the dropsical
habit will become epidemic and chronic
with the boxes, all over the state.
And that would soon have things in a
nice mess, wouldn’t it?
It was an evil day for Georgia when
Hoke Smith allowed his jealousy of his
allies to carry him to such extreme
lengths as indicated by that new rule.