In the New York World recently appeared
some facts and information relative to Alaska
that are well worth considera
tion. It appears that there are
twice as many white men in
Alaska as are to be found in Ne-
Alaska
Deserves
Freedom.
vada. more dwellings and fewer
mortgages, that it is more than twice as large
as the State of Texas, which, as is well known,
contains territory enough for five or six
States. It is rich in minerals and forests,
with agricultural possibilities that are very
considerable. Just why it should be kept in
a condition of less freedom than Porto Pico
and the Philippines, if the Roosevelt and
I aft administrations are honest in their de
sire for conservation, is hard to understand.
Why is Mr. Taft afraid to permit American
men to govern themselves? Congress should
entirely ignore Mr. Taft’s suggestion to con
tinue Alaska in the condition of a colony, but
grant it statehood at once. Apparently he is
more willing to give the saddle-colored tribes
in the remote corners of the earth votes than
he is to turn over their own country to white
adult citizens of a high and hardy order.
Congress convened on December 6th, and
was greeted by the usual Presidential message,
Congress
in Session.
“Opposition to the proposed immediate congressional
investigation of the sugar import scandals in the New
York custom house, and likewise to any further re
vision of the tariil at present; absence of any specific
recommendation regarding the crisis in Nicaragua,
and actual recommendation of legislation to forbid the
issuance of judicial injunctions without notice in labor
controversies and for the establishment of a system of
postal savings banks.
The Nicaraguan question, conservation of the na
tion’s natural resources, needed amendments to the'
anti-trust and interstate commerce acts, and the
Are You Looking for a Home?
Then investigate Colquitt County. Its farm-lands are unsurpassed by any
in the State of Georgia. Its population consists principally of white Geor
gians, who are prosperous and contented.
Correspond with us if in need of farm-lands either as a home or as an in
vestment. We are prepared to supply your wants, in either large or small
tracts, at very low prices and easy terms.
Perfect titles, well-drained soil, healthy climate, good roads, good schools
and churches in every community. Fine railroad facilities and excellent
nearby markets for all farm products. For further particulars write us.
COLQUITT COUNTY LAND COMPANY,
' Moultrie, Georgia.
Read my prices on Cabbage Plants. If you do not need plants now, you
will need them later on.
All of my Plants are grown in the open field, and I guarantee them to
be frost-proof. All varieties—Charleston Wakefield, Successions, Augusta
Trucker, Early Jersey Wakefield, Early and Late Flat Dutch.
Satisfaction and count guaranteed.
TN LOTS OF 1,000 TO 5,000, AT $1.25 PER THOUSAND
IN LOTS OF 6,000 TO 10,000, AT SI.OO PER THOUSAND
Write for Prices on Larger Lots.
Cash, P. O. Money Order, or Express Money Order must come with all
orders. Will not ship Plants C. O. D. unless half of the amount of order is
sent in. Frost and cold can not hurt my Plants.
I grow, I sell, I guarantee Frost-Proof Cabbage Plants.
H. LEON LARI SE Y,
Grower of Plants.
Telegraph and Express Office: MEGGHTTS, S. C.
Box J.
<•
I WOULD LIKE TO HEAR
a From every person suffering from PILES, FISTULA,
i or RECTAL trouble. I will cure every case I under
f take, if given a fair trial, or forfeit FIVE HUNDRED
DOLLARS. I am financially responsible; also I be
lieve lam honest. I have had 32 years experience in |
H treating these diseases. MY ADVICE IS FREE.
® Write today, while you think of it.
DR. W. J. TUCKER, - - 411 Whitehall Street, Atlanta, Georgia
b - ■ .$
a very boresome and prosy docu
ment. a brief resume of which
is as follows:
Che 3tffersoniatt
contem plated revision of the Federal statutes govern
ing the organization of the armed forces of the nation
in time of war are all reserved for possible treatment
later in special messages.
The President expresses entire confidence that the
duty imposed upon the executive, of enforcing the
maximum rates of the new tariff law against nations
unduly discriminating against the United States will
provoke any tariff war, and he favors no further
tariff tinkering at least until the new tariff commis
sion shall have completed its work of gathering infor
mation as to the relative cost of producing dutiable
articles in this country and abroad. This task, he ex
pected, will occupy two or three years.
Projects recommended by the President in addition
to those mentioned above, include:
A ship subsidy to encourage American shipping.
Publicity of political contributions in elections of
members of Congress.
Civil pensions.
A higher rate of postage on periodicals and maga
zines.
A fund of $50,000 to aid in suppressing the ‘white
slave’ trade.
A commission to evolve a plan to expedite legal pro
cedure and mitigate the ‘law’s delays.’
Construction of an artificial island and fortification
in the entrance to Chesapeake Bay, two battle-ships
and one repair ship for the navy, and the establish
ment of an extensive naval base at Pearl Harbor,
Hawaii.
A national bureau of health.
Statehood for New Mexico and Arizona, and an ap
pointive Governor and council for Alaska.
Civil control of the lighthouse board and separation
of the national astronomical observatory from naval
control.
Celebration in 1913 of the semi-centennial of negro
emancipation, and reimbursement of the depositors of
the defunct Freedman’s Savings and Trust Company.
Consolidation of the bureaus of manufacturers and
statistics in the department of commerce and labor.
Calling attention to the crisis in Central American
affairs brought about by the summary execution in
Nicaragua of two Americans, the President announces
that this government has terminated diplomatic rela
tions with the Zelaya administration in, Nicaragua
and intends to take such further steps as may be found
most ‘consistent with its dignity, its duty to American
or TELEGRAPHY I
BEING A. BRANCH OK T'HE, OLD ESTABLISHKD
SOUTHERN! SHORTHAND AND BUSINESS? UNIVERSITY.
ACTUAL RAILROAD LINE FIUNNING THROUGH OFEICES
AC. BKISCOE PRI-.S. -SEND IQa CATALOG I WARNOI-0. E8
BUY YOUR MAGAZINES THROUGH
Walker’s Magazine Agency
AUGUSTA, GEORGIA
Our Fifty-page Club Rate Catalogue is now ready.
IT’S FREE! A postal will bring it to your door.
The following are a few of our sample offers:
American I Both One Year Hampton’s I Both
Cosmopolitan J $1.50 Woman’s Home Comp. J $2.00
Uncle Remus j q Year Success ) .
W a *s° n s M a Z aztne i $1 6Q Woman’s Home Comp. • ce
or Weekly J McClure’s J S2 '°
Pictorial Review r ~ , TI , ,
Housekeeper ' A vs-Q™ LadlCS H ° me Journal ' LSO
Home Needlework ) Saturday Evening Post - $1.50
Be sure to patronize the South’s Leading Magazine Sub
scription Agency. Careful attention paid to all orders,
whether large or small. Magazines sent to any address,
and mailed direct to the subscriber from the publisher.
WALKER’S MAGAZINE AGENCY, Augusta, Ga.
1 i j 1111 r 1 mil 1 VROKMBmBHnBHBSMaBHi n w mii mi i
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
—MsgaKtMßEq
XVXXX>XjX3X3C%-X3XrXXjX>X: T GrX2OR.GIA.
We will discount by ten per asnt*. asy better rates offered than ours.
Dur school i£ opste & end night. Write for our new catalogue.
I »VU buys my R. H. BOND, Principal.
interests and its moral obligation to Central America
and to civilization.’
In opposing any immediate investigation of the
New York custom house scandal, the President takes
the ground that such investigation ‘might, by giving
immunity and otherwise, prove an embarrassment in
securing conviction of the guilty parties.’
A proposal submitted by the Secretary of the Treas
ury that the executive departments’ deficit for the cur
rent fiscal year —estimated at $73,075,620 —be met by
the issuance of Panama bonds authorized by Congress,
is approved by the President. He explains that in
order to avoid a deficit, foi' the ensuing fiscal year end
ing June 30, 1911, estimates have been cut to the bone
and, instead of a deficit, there will be a surplus of
$33,931,000 excluding payments on the Panama canal,
which are expected to be taken care of by bonds.”
“Apart from its terrible details, which recall the
worst orgies of the Parisian mob during the French
Revolution, the latest exhibition of
The Latest in Lynch law in America is remarkable
Lynch Law. because of the position, geographical
and social, of the State in which it
has occurred. As one of the New York correspondents
points out, this morning, Illinois is not one of the hot
blooded Southern States, nor is it inhabited by the
rough-and-ready people of the Wild West: it belongs
to the States of the Middle East, ‘where life and prop
erty should be as safe as in your Middlesex or Surrey.’
That fact invests the latest outbreak with unusual
significance. It suggests that public opinion in Ameri
ca is more than ever perturbed by the problem of keep
ing the lives and the honor of white women safe from
the bestial instincts of the worst kind of negro—for
the lynching of the second victim, a white, -was not
the original cause of the trouble. It is easy for Eng
lishmen. who have no color question to perplex them,
to condemn American mobs and their exploits. But
human nature is much the same on both sides of the
Atlantic, and, if Middlesex and Surrey had the same
provocation as the American whites too often have, we
should be sorry to guarantee their strict observance of
the forms of legal procedure.”
The foregoing is an interesting excerpt from
London Truth, and is much calmer and fairer
than the average Northern paper.
PAGE FIVE