PAGE FOUR
GOOD WORD FROM INDIANA.
The State of Indiana, in which
our Judge Samuel W. Williams is
making such a gallant fight, put out
a full Watson and Williams electoral
ticket October 3. We will publish
the ticket later.
This is good news indeed. Indiana
is hotly contested by every party in
the field and its strategic importance
I JMMMJ
W ■ < HI
I
HON. SAMUEL W. WILLIAMS.
in any national campaign is tremen
dous.
Judge Williams was the author of
the first law regulating tolls and
charges of corporations exercising the
right of eminent domain. Always rec
ognized as at the head of his pro
fession and as a constructive states
man of high order L he has proven
himself to be also an aggressive cam
paigner, keen-sighted and hard-work
ing, with the courage of his convic
tions and the fearlessness of a true
and loyal leader.
We live under a political republic
and under an industrial despotism.—
New Castle (Pa.) Free Press.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson
WILL MAKE ADDRESSES AT THE FOLLOWING POINTS:
ATLANTA, GA. (at night), Oct. 7. THOMASVILLE, GA„ October 22.
LITHONIA, GA., Oct. 8. LUDOWICI, GA., October 23.
GAINESVILLE, GA., Oct. 9. LINCOLNTON, GA., October 26.
SYLVANIA, GA., Oct. 13. CRAWFORDVILLE, GA., October 27.
STATESBORO, GA., Oct. 14. DOUGLASVILLE, GA., October 28.
STILLMORE, GA., Oct. 15. FORSYTH, GA., October 29.
DUBLIN, GA., Oct. 16. HOLBROOK, GA., October 30. /
MONTEZUMA, GA., October 20. MACON, GA. (at night), November 2.
ARLINGTON, GA., October 21. c , • ah m t> ■ a. . ..
’ Speaking At All Places Begins At 10 A. M.
A regular schedule of Mr. Watson’s speeches will be printed in the Jef
fersonian during the campaign, and every voter in Georgia will be given an
opportunity to near him.
Notes of Interest from the Populist Pield
THE LATEST FROM TEXAS IN
THE INTEREST OF
POPULISM.
Old Guard Populist Clubs to be Or
ganized Simultaneously Through
out the State—Saturday, October
17, the Date for Club Organization,
1:30 P. M. the Hour Agreed On.
Headquarters People’s Party State
Committee.
Abilene, Tex., Oct. 3, 1908.
To the Old Guard Populists of Texas.
Friends and Comrades: Election
day in our State is only one month
off, and we have no time to lose if we
intend to secure a large number of
votes for our electoral ticket, nomi
nated by our State Convention in
Fort Worth, August 11. I am sure
that each one of you is more than
willing to do his part, and that you
are willing and ready to get busy so
soon as you shall be advised that your
Populist neighbors and others
throughout the State are also ready.
You know and I know full well that,
in order to secure the best results,
organization is absolutely necessary,
that co-operation is essential to the
accomplishment of satisfactory organ
ization, and that, after organization,
without system there must be a great
waste of energy. It is in view of
these recognized facts that I call on
you now and ask of each one of you,
very earnestly, that you will co-oper
ate actively with those who are going
to re-organize the People’s Party
throughout the State, to the end that
the largest possible number of votes
shall be secured for Populism on
Tuesday, November 3, which will be
election day throughout Texas.
In 1896 our State ticket, headed by
Jerome C. Kearby, our nominee for
Governor, received 238,692 votes, and
is it not entirely safe to state, that
fully 90 per cent of those who then
voted said ticket and are still in Tex
as, believe now, as earnestly as they
did then, in the great economic prin
ciples represented by the People’s
Party 1 ? It is true that, on account
Jeffersonian.
of the miserable fusion business na
tionally of that year, our party
forces have been badly demoralized
and disorganized throughout Texas,
but it is also true that Populists of
1896 are Populists in 1903 and only
need to be brought together to secure
-their active and earnest co-operation
as Populists at this time. Acting on
this idea and by authority of our
State and Campaign Committees, I
hereby designate
Saturday, October 17, 1908,
as the date, and 1:30 o’clock p. m.
as the hour for the simultaneous or
ganization of Old Guard Populist
Clubs throughout the State. There
are quite 200 counties in Texas in
which we have, or in past campaigns
have had, county organizations, and
it is estimated that there is an aver
age of quite 25 voting precincts to the
county. This means that there are in
said 200 counties quite 5,000 voting
precincts, and the wish and purpose,
as far as possible, is to secure a club
organization in each one of them. We
have no campaign fund to be drawn
on to pay the necessary expenses of
having speakers and organizers visit
each county and look after our or
ganization work; hence, we are com
pelled to look to and rely on each
one of you to take the matter in hand
in your respective voting precincts.
You know, or you can easily ascer
tain, where the election will be held
November 3 in your home precinct,
and I ask that you will go to that
identical place, the day above men
tioned, to be there promptly at 1:30
o’clock p. m., to meet there the other
Populists of the precinct, and with
them organize an Old Guard Populist
Club, to serve as our party Campaign
Committee in and for the precinct.
Do not, I beg of you, wait one-half
of one minute on some one or more
of your Populist neighbors to call on
you and invite you to take part in the
organization and work of your pre
cinct club, but take it for granted
that each one of them who shall read
or who shall be advised of this call,
will be on hand to co-operate with
you. It is more than probable, how
ever, that some of the Populists of
your precinct will not see this call,
hence my suggestion and request that
you, personally, will make it your es
pecial business to mention the mat
ter to each voter of the precinct you
shall meet, whom you know or believe
to be a Populist at heart, and urge
him to be present and assist in the
organization of said club. *
In this connection I am authorized
to state that each club to be organ
ized Saturday, October 17, will be ex
pected to meet again at the same
place and hour Saturday, October 24,
and again Saturday, October 31, to
perfect its organization and agree on
all the details for the co-operative
work to be done in the precinct up to
and including said election day.
Thanking you in advance, my Pop
ulist friends and comrades, for your
active and earnest co-operation in
these matters, I am,
Fraternally yours,
H. L. BENTLEY,
Chairman People’s Party State Com
mitted of Texas.
Special Note: It is just possible
that, now and then, here and there, a
few of the Old Guard Populists of
the State will think that I, and our
State Campaign Committees through
me, are asking a good deal of them
in the above letter. To the very few
who shall be inclined to take this
view of the matter, let me explain
that we are asking each one of you,
my friends and comrades, to do in
one voting precinct what I am trying
to do or have done in every precinct
in every county in the State. This is
as much your cause as it is mine,
and I now give you my solemn pledge
that I will devote my entire time to
this work to the going down of the
sun on election day. H. L. B.
Time is apparently of more import
ance in New York than in any other
city, for the city displays more pub
lic clocks than London and Paris com
bined.