DEFENSE OF SANITORIUM.
(Continued from Page Seven.)
her duty, and I believe her employees
are doing- theirs.
Doctor Jones is a kind, courteous
gentleman. Mrs. Donnell, the ma
tron, is a lovely Christian woman, and
Dr. Yarborough, of whom I have seen
a great deal, is a young man who is
doing all in his power to relieve the
mental and physical suffering of those
in his charge. Miss Bessie Johnson,
as head nurse of her ward, and Mrs.
Schofield, her able assistant, I have
learned to love because of the care
and devotion they give my loved one.
And so I could go on naming each
doctor and nurse —those I know; and
tell of their kind deeds. If the peo
ple could see as I have seen the devo
tion and affection shown to the pa
tients by the nurses, and love that
is in many ways expressed by the
patients for the nurses and doctors,
they would hesitate in condemning
that which they have no personal
knowledge of.
If my testimony is worth anything
to the people of Georgia, I am willing
to publish it far and wide, for what
has been published lately has dis
tressed me very much, knowing what
I know.
There are many people in this world
who would rather believe evil than
good.
This institution, founded by the
State and paid for by the people, is
one of the grandest charities of this
world. Let us all try by our sym
pathy and encouragement to help
these men and women to carry on this
great work of mercy.
And now I want to call the atten
tion of the trustees-of the State Sani
tarium to the fact that these nurses
are very poorly paid for the work
they do and the responsibility + hey
bear.
I am sure we, the taxpayers, are
more than willing that they should be
paid living wages, and it is in the in
terest of simple justice that I would
appeal to the trustees to see that this
is done.
Hoping that this letter, so poorly
expressed, .will “clear away the
mist” before the eyes of some of our
people, I am,
Very truly,
Mrs. Wm. W. King.
Ed. Note: This letter, beautifully
type-written, comes to us on a fine
quality of paper, legal-cap size, —a
most unusual paper for a lady to use
voluntarily. But we take pleasure
in publishing Mrs. King’s testimonial
and we ask the attention of the Geor
gia Solons to her recommendation that
salaries at the Sanitarium be raised.
YES, I FOLLOW.
The Herald is accused of having
no opinion, only following the lead
of Tom Watson.
Correct, stand up! But, say,
brother, whose lead are you follow
ing? Are you following the man who
is telling the people of all the wicked
ness and corruption of government
in all of its diabolical infamy?
Does your man tell you that a
Boston firm had two old ships, rotten,
discarded old hulks, that were en
tirely worthless, and they sold them
to the government, for which the said
government paid them a million dol
lars?
Well, Tom Watson told me about
it, and I wrote to Adamson and he
said it was a fact, and I wrote to
Bacon and he said he didn’t know
what become of the matter, but he
supposed that it went through all
right and the government paid the
money. He said, however, that the
thing is so big with so many depart
ments and so much room for graft
that it was impossible for one man
to keep up with it.
Did your man tell you of the many
other gigantic schemes of plunder
that Tom Watson is constantly ex
posing, or dwes he sit back, saw wood
and say nothing, continuing to draw
his salary for duties not performed?
'Say, brother, do you follow the
fellow that prays three hundred and
sixty-four days in the year for God’s
kingdom to reign supreme on earth
and walk up to the ballot box on the
three hundred and sixty-fifith day and
vote that the devil shall possess
all?
If you want me to follow 7 you,
brother, you must lead toward God
and good government, otherwise I
shall follow the man who seemingly
has some feeling and consideration
for a fellow’ man.
If you want a sane man to follow
you you must not lead in the direc
tion of hell —panics, closing down of
legitimate industries, the elevation
of destructive agencies, the throwing
honest toil out on a penniless and
merciless' world to be pitted against
their fellow’ brother, that labor may
be abundant and cheap.
Yes, brother, I follow- Watson and
I’m satisfied you would, too, but for
the fact you are afraid of your con
gregation, and each one of them are
afraid of each other. —The Inter-
State Herald.
DO FRENCH MOCKING BIRDS
CRUCIFY SPARROWS?
Mr. John B. Samuels was in town
Saturday and had with him a limb
cut from a plum tree, and impaled on
one of the thorns of the plum tree
was the body of a dead sparrow’.
Mr. Samuels informs us that the
sparrow was killed and placed there
by a French mocking bird, and that
the said mocking bird has a happy
way of killing sparrows, rats and
lizzards and sticking them around on
thorns to be eaten as his appetite de
mands.
We knew that the old blue jay
would kill and eat sparrows, but this
is the first w’e have heard of the
French mocker doing the same.
Nevertheless Mr. Samuels vouches
for it, and we do not doubt that it is
true.
And just here we wish to say that
if the French mocker has a good ap
petite for English sparrows we hope
there will be an influx of several
thousand to Thomson this spring.—
Me'Duffie Progress.
WATSON’S PHOTO KNIVES.
The manufacturers, who are making
our premium knives, with Mr. Wat
son’s photograph in the handle, have
been delayed in their work, and our
orders for the past two or three weeks
have not been filled as promptly as
they will be from now on. If our sub
scribers will kindly exercise a little
patience, they will receive their knives
just as quickly as the factory can turn
them out.
C3be 3effersonlan
/Guaran.fee so Cure /jSx
ET MF EM M
> JaWO STAY CURED! \ , /
15’ A corin' It is also called SALT
WvJ RHEUM, SCALD HEAD, ND*./ 7
W / TETTER. ITCH, WEEPINC nD
mXAi SKIN.MiLk CRUST, PRU- ?S e J d6^ n Oß whd
Ifflf, I J RlTUS—these are different treats nothing'
names, but all mean one but eczema.
thing-ECZEMA. ■■■■■■■
■ A FBBFF TDIAI Reliable Beyond Question I
I This is a statement from the
Just to show you that you need my treatment. It Is yours for r town, ■
the asking. If you have been to other Doctors, if you have e donc buaincsa
H taken patent medicine, and used lotions and salves till you are y c s *
£!£ g “ Bted ’ write to n, e—l will send you ABSOLUTELY FREE —....
OF CHARGE, A TRIAL TREATMENT. There are no strings rHTc"T7i7Ms : rA7ioNAL banTof scoalia
to this statement. There is not one cent to pay—not a penny
■ accepted. I know what my trial treatment will do; I know
■ that it will convince you more than anything else on earth that
you need my treatment. Fobruary 11th, 190a. I
■ Don’t Miss This Chance for a Cure To „ IdAY collcßw .
If you are SUFFERING FROM ECZEMA you can only be This oertiflea that
■ cured one way— KEMOVE THE CAUSE. What is the Dr. Cannaday’• patient., Troa all
I cause? ACID IN THE BLOOD. How do you remove it? By ever the United States, have been
■ Cleansing the blood of the ACID. placing their money In thia bank
My treatment is soothing—relieves the dreadful itching at vhlla they triad his treatment on
once and cures the disease quickly. You don’t have to take eczema. In all thia tine va have
■ treatment for months and months. ONLY ONE CASE IN TEN been 0811 ad upon but five times
■ needs the second treatment—ONE IN FIFTY needs the third t 0 return the patients money.
—think of that! One died before the
H/f. 4 ap K treatment vaa shipped; two did not ■
VfliSl tCZCHIS iS e ° l ths treatment as it vaa lost
’’'l Eczema is adisease of the biood and affects all parts of the treatment t three days late/after*
bod J“ t Ji® J ace ’ lipß, ear8 ’ hauds ’ feet « genital organ, etc. getting her money; and one vaa not I
■ SYMPTOMS.— Yellowish red eruption; the pimples or patches may .satisfied.
■ Swell and the itching is so great the person will scratch the top off, then ,
■ they bleed and dark scales form; there is an oozing of matter. In some m**">l / jC
H the skin cracks and bleeds. Itching is terrible; a person suffering will — >\J
scratch till they bleed. Scales form on parts of the body, where the cloth- 0 / /
inF comes in contact. fr n ~ -u
Ten Years Guarantee
I positively Guarantee that every case cured by me will stay -
cured 10 YEARS! It must be good or it could not be sold this way.
Strong as Rock of Gibraltar X I
lam a graduate from two leading medical schools. I am the holder of a GOLD K
W MEDAL taken in Competitive Examination. Does this not show that lam fully
qualified? I will send you my book, showing endorsements of business men
■ of all classes. Also testimonials and pictures from cured patients every- jr
Where. Some of them may be YOUR NEIGHBORS.
■ MY BOOK K
Is the most complete book ever sent out. I explain every Sedalia, - Mo.:
form of the disease plainly and fully. I show pictures of Please send without cost to
many severe cases, which are extremely interesting. O* me prepaid Free trial treatment
I send you names of thousands who have been also copy of your Free Book
cured and are grateful.
DR. J. E. CANNADAY I
643 Park Square Address K
Sedalia, Mo. g
■Treatment and literature sent in plain wrapper. ' I
AGENTS’ PRIZE CONTEST
To the agent who sends us the largest number of subscriptions
to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
between April S and June 10, 1909, we will give
Ten Dollars in Cash
To the agent who sends us the second largest number of sub
scriptions, as above, we will give
Five Dollars in Cash
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows:
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian 10 points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards 5
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian 5 ”
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards .. 4
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian 2%
Three months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in for this prize competition. For blanks, samples, etc., apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, €a.
10 Gold Bordered Friendship Flower Cards Free
I want to make you a present of this beautiful set of ten four-colored gold
bordered friendship cards. They are FREE. In brilliant natural colors, and full
gold background. These gold cards are the newest, richest, most expensive and ex
quisite cards you have ever seen. They are yours for the asking. On each card is
a poem that is a masterpiece, and its perfect rhythm and tender sentiment touches
a responsive chord In every heart. Each card has a differeiu verse. The views
are wonderfully true so life.
I can not give yen an adequate conception of these cards without your seeing
tin in yourself. That is why 1 want to send you a set free. All I ask is that you
will show the cards to five of your friends, and send us four cents in stamps to
cover the postage and packing. You will be the most delighted person in the world
when you see them. Whatever you do. act quickly, and they are yours and fifty
more, too.
cjtivrrk mum Garrett Wall, Dept. 87, Evanston. 111.
BEND IDE tout UN. Enclosed please find two cents in
~ , , , stamps, (4c). Send me Hie 10 beauti
Fill out and mall the coupon tmdrty. fn| J o](1 Pt / ste . irds . j prouiise t(> show
and will give you our easy plan of get- th(>n , to flv( , of ri ! i(>ll(ls . Toll lue
ting SO or 100 more ot the most beautiful h t t qft • f
postcards you ever saw. Get our new
easy plan at once and act quickly before s Name
omeone else gets ahead of yon in your ,
district. Address
PAGE FIFTEEN