PAGE EIGHT
C>l)e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.,.January 11, 1907, as second class mall matter
ATLANTA, GA., JANUARY 21, 1909.
A Dead-Lock at Washington.
'Roosebelt and Tillman.
James Sherman, Vice-President-elect, wrote
a letter to Brewer-combine Kern, Bryan’s yoke
fellow, expressing the hope that the Indiana
legislature would elect Kern to the U. S. Sen
ate.
Sherman is believed to be a Republican,
while Kern is supposed to be a Democrat. If
the two old parties were not a pair of legs upon
which Special Privilege stalks its game, Kern
would not write loving letters to Sherman, and
Sherman would not want Kern in the Senate.
See how nobly the Congressmen of both
these old parties are standing together against
the President. He has intimated that there
are some crooks among these solons. Every
body knows that the rascalities of Congres
sional legislation would not be possible were
Congress free of rascals. Yet when Roose
velt says that some of these statesmen will
bear watching, all of them bunch together to
hide the criminals, just as those nigger troops
did at Brownsville.
During a political campaign when there’s
a scramble for the offices, Democrats abuse Re
publicans and Republicans denounce Demo
crats, but no sooner do the polls close than we
see the Twins get together again. Nobody can
change the policies of the Government, because
both the old parties favor those policies. Those
who control Democratic Congressmen want the
same kind of legislation as that which is de
manded by those who control Republican Con
gressmen. Therefore, in Congress, as in a
Presidential campaign, the struggle between
the two old parties is not one of principle. It
is no more than a scramble for spoils.
Not only do the two old parties support the
present system of class-legislation, but the in
dividual Congressmen of both parties indulge
in the same abuses of their position.
When a certain number of Republican Con
gressmen wish to take an Oriental trip, they
simply hunt around and find a similar number
of Democrats who wish to travel; and these
Congressmen go on jaunt to the Philippines,
or some other foreign territory at the expense
of Uncle Sam.
Last summer a Senatorial party of Demo
crats and Republicans spent months in Europe,
at your expense, having a glorious time, — pre
tending to be studying the money question.
The idea that the money question cannot be
studied in America is a huge, but costly joke.
The rascals who toured Europe at the expense
of the tax payers of this country, upon the pre
tense that they were studying financial sys
tems, did not even save their faces by making
a Report.
Now, it must be apparent that when the
President, or anyone else, attacks any member
of Congress for something that they all do, all
of them will stand by one another.
Mr. Watson found it so when in 1892, he at
tacked the Congressional Barroom, which from
the floor below sent up its intoxicated patrons
to make speeches and cast votes upon matters
of national importance, when they were too
drunk to have the proper idea of what they
were doing.
Jeffersonian
Mr. Lilley found it so when, a year or so ago,
he undertook to prove that the Submarine Boat
builders maintained an expensive lobby in
Washington to influence Congress in the mat
ter of authorizing more boats.
Mr. Roosevelt finds it so as he now seeks
to have Congress continue the appropriation of
money for the Secret Service, which may
watch Congressmen.
Republicans and Democrats forget, for the
moment, the difference in their political names
and come together with fraternal unanimity,
voicing the virtuous cry, “We can’t afford to
be watched.”
There are honest, true men in Congress —
men who as Trustees, Guardians, or Executors
would feel disgraced if they should take the po
sition that they could not afford to have their
conduct rigorously scrutinized. Yet these hon
est members of Congress, overcome by the
pressure of those members who are not honest,
express their indignation at the very idea that
Congressmn should be watched.
No honest book-keeper, banker, or Adminis
trator objects to the expert examiner, nor
dreads any sort of watching. You cannot en
ter a street car, hotel, mercantile establishment,
railroad office or bank without being painfully
impressed by the evidences of the fact that
everybody is watched.
How absurd, then, is Congress when it bris
tles and snaps at the President because he
hints that Congressmen are human!
Note how gallantly Republicans as well as
Democrats are rallying around Ben Tillman.
Roosevelt rapped Senator Tillman for abus
ing his official position, and proved his case by
introducing Tillman’s own letters; yet, because
Tillman has done nothing more than what the
others do, all the others rally to Tillman.
They must save Benjamin, for if they allow
the President to make pulp of one Senator, who
knows where the Big Stick may fall next?
What are the facts as to this Tillman-Roose
velt scrap?
Simply these: A man by the name of Dorr
published a circular letter in which he sought
to secure purchasers of certain Oregon lands,
stating as an inducement that Senator Tillman
had caused some of these lands to be reserved
for him. ♦ ►
Tillman, on the floor of the Senate, declared
that the Dorr circular was false, that he had
not bought any western lands and had not un
dertaken to buy any.
The evidence which Roosevelt submitted to
the Senate proved conclusively that while Till
man had not bought any of the land he was
going hot foot after 1440 acres of it, asking that
nine quarter sections be reserved for his family
and private secretary. This land is said to be
of the most valuable character, but Tillman
was seeking to get it for $2.50 per acre, the
price to “actual settlers.”
At present, the railroads controlled by Harri
man are in possession of 2,000,000 acres of the
public domain, a portion of which Tillman
wanted to buy. Harriman can not be ousted,
save by forfeiture suits brought by the Gov
ernment.
Tillman, as Senator, introduced a Resolution
requiring the Government to bring such suits
to recover this land. He did not tell the Sen
ate that he was personally interested in the
matter, —did not tell them that he wanted some
of the land. On the contrary, he flatly denied
Dorr’s circular, and by saying that he had not
even undertaken to get any of the land he must
have known that the Senate would understand
him to mean that he was not personally inter
ested.
In making the effort to reclaim 2,000,000
acres of the public domain, Senator lillman did
the country a great service, but who is it that
can defend a Senator who wants to speculate
in these lands? If reclaimed, they belong to
“actual settlers.” 3 hey should not be gobbled
up by Senatorial families and private secreta
ries after tfie manner that Tillman proposed.
In this instance, we think that Senator Till
man was making an improper use of his official
position. We also think that he ought to quit
sending type-writing machines, —and other
things equally foreign to a legitimate use of the
mails,——through the P. O. Department. Let him
use his Express Company frank, unload his
junk on those melon-slicing corporations, and
not help pile up that large deficit in the Postal
service WHICH DISCOURAGES AND
CHECKS THE EXTENSION OF THE R.
F. D. SYSTEM.
m n m
Casual Comment.
Brewer-combine Kern did not land the In
diana Senatorship, after all. Ben Shively got
it. Once upon a time, Shively was an ardent
Greenbacker. But so was Adlai Stevenson,
whom the Democrats ran for Governor of Illi
nois. Even Jim Ham Lewis, who was the
campaign mentor of Kern last year, made his
first dash into politics as a Populist. And the
Congressman who represents in national coun
sels “the moral element of Atlanta” belonged
to Gideon’s Band, took an oath against both
the old parties, and sailed around with Sock
less Jerry and Mary Ellen Lease.
Apostasy pays, sometimes.
Congress voted away SBOO,OOO of your tax
money to succor the Italians who were reduced
to want by the earthquakes in Calabria and
Sicily. Have Governments any legal right to go
into the charity business? None whatever.
Does any other government, excepting ours,
vote away the public funds for charitable work,
in foreign lands? No. Our Government is the
only one that slops over in this fashion. The
citizens of France have contributed to the re
lief of the earthquake sufferers, but the French
government has not. The people of Great Brit
ain have been liberal in their charities to the
Italian sufferers, but the Parliament, the Gov
ernment, has not voted a guinea. So it is all
over the world. Private individuals and socie
ties should do the charitable work: GOVERN
MENTS WERE NOT FOUNDED FOR
THAT PURPOSE.
In a recent official report it came to light
that less than a hundred individuals own a
controlling interest in all the railroads of the
United States. E. H. Harriman’s interest, in
just two of the trunk lines, amounts to $116,-
000,000. Inasmuch as he is virtually master of
all excepting the North-western systems, and
the Rock Island, there is no telling how much
this Wall street magnate is worth. It is evi
dent that he is the master spirit in the Vander
bilt system, in the Gould system, in the Santa
Fe, in the Southern Railway, as well as in the
Union Pacific, Southern Pacific, Central Pa
cific, Chicago and Alton, and Illinois Central.
Through his dummies and his allies, Harri
man controls more than two-thirds of the rail
way traffic of this republic.
There are but two big combinations that are
independent of Harriman. James J. Hill is at
the head of one of these, and Judge Moore
leads the other. These three big railroads are
even now preparing for the final, inevitable
battle for supremacy.
HARRIMAN WILL WIN. He is the
youngest of the fighters, he is the most auda
cious ; and he is the most resourceful. Behind
him, or allied with him, are the great Jew bank
ers, Kuhn, Loch & Co., the Standard Oil group,
the Morgan interests, and the Steel Trust.
HE IS ALLIED TO HEARST, AND HAS
MADE PEACE WITH ROOSEVELT.
He will win.
After the last tug of war between the three
vast railway groups is over, Harriman will
loom up before the country as the monarch of
our Transportation system—THE SOLE
MASTER OF OUR COMMERCIAL HIGH
WAYS.
What then? Will the people tolerate a sys
tem which gives to an uncontrollable autocrat
vaster powers and revenues than are possessed