ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the People of Hart County:
I am a candidate for Senator from 31st
District, subject to Democratic primary. If
elected, I will serve the whole people and op
pose specific privileges and extravagant ap
propriations.
JULIAN B. McCURRY.
NOTICE, IOWA POPULISTS.
Brothers, we want to organize the state of
lowa for Populism and we want you to help.
Let every Populist and every friend of this
reform cause who receives a copy of this pa
per send us, at once, the names and postoffice
address of at least one good man in his coun
ty, and one in each of his adjoining counties,
that will serve as county chairman and one as
secretary for the People’s Party in lowa.
Then business will begin. Address, J. R.
Norman, Chairman People’s Party, State Com
mittee, Albia, lowa.
BOUND VOLUMES OF THE JEFFERSON
IAN MAGAZINE FOR 1907.
Did you know that these two books have
1,200 pages of reading matter? They are
beautifully and profusely illustrated with
line cuts and half-tones, and many cartoons
by Gordon Nye.
The volumes contain the best selections in
prose and poetry, short stories and special ar
ticles, besides a vast amount of information
Sketches From Roman History
In this volume Mr. Watson gives biographies
of some of the leading characters of the Ro
man Republic, and also shows the ruinous
workings of class legislation in ancient times.
The sketches are of:
The Gracchi, the heroic land reformers of
Rome;
Spartacus, the gladiator who led the great
slave revolt;
Marius, the Tribune of the people;
Sy I la, the brilliant and despotic leader of the
aristocrats;
Jugurtha, the African King;
Juliues Caesar, the greatest of Roman sol
diers, legislators and reformers;
Octavius Caesar, the nephew who inherited
power from the mighty Julius;
Antony and Cleopatra; the most dramatic
love story of ancient times.
Price, delivered, 50 cents.
We will mail this book as a premium to every
one who sends us two new subscribers to
the Jeffersonian Magazine at our regular price
of $1.50 each.
We will mail the book as a premium to any
one who sends us two new subscribers to the
Weekly Jeffersonian, at the regular price of
SI.OO each.
Address: THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
Co-Operator believes it voices the senti
ments of two hundred thousand Union farm
ers in Texas when it extends a hearty wel
come to the national officers of the Farmers’
Union, who are locating national headquar
ters in Fort Worth. We do not believe a bet
ter location coujd have been secured and we
hope their choice will meet the approval of
the organization everywhere.—Co-Operator.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
on governmental questions, economic prob
lems and political history, x*
These books will add permanent value to
any Library. Price for the set for 1907, $2.50.
Sent as a Premium for 5 subscriptions to the
magazine, or 8 subscriptions to the weekly
Jeffersonian. Address,
THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomson, Ga.
TELEGRAPHY
Best equipped school South. Positions guar
anteed to young men and ladies of good char
acter. No others accepted. Write for free cat
alog.
AMERICAN TELEGRAPH SCHOOL,
Dept. 500, Milledgeville, Ga.
EVERYBODY WANTS
PUBLISHED WEEKLY AND FABMHF
Recognized authority on Breeding, Feeding, Man*
agement and the Improved Breeds of Stock.
Special Departments for
Draft and Coach Horses,
The Beef and Dairy Breed* of Cattle,
Sheep, Swine, Poultry and the Dairy,
By able Live Stock Writers and Breeders, with the
best from Home and Foreign papers of the world’s
progress in Live Stock Husbandry.
Our Live Stock Market Report is uncqualed.
Handsomely printed and illustrated.
No Stock Farmer can afford to do without It.
Published weekly. Subscription price only SI,OO.
Agents wanted in every county.
Write for sample copy. Address
THE LIVE STOCK JOURNAL
894 E. 56th ST. CHICAGO
The Campaign Handbook
BUY
Watson’s Handbook of
Politics and Economics
price, SI.OO Address, Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Go.
SEND FOR
LIFE AND SPEECHES
OF THOS. E. WATSON
PRICE, $1.50
Address, THOS. E. WATSON, THOMSON, GEORGIA
Full Sets Back Numbers
We can supply back numbers of the
Jeffersonian Magazine all the way
back to the first issue.
Price, 15c for single copies.
Price, $1.50 for the full set for 1907.
twelve numbers. Address:
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
THE GREAT
Southwest Magazine
Is the only High Class, Illustrated, Literary
Magazine in the Southwest, which is devoted
exclusively to its Romance, History and Devel
opment.
Our “Clearing House Department” gives in
valuable information to the Health Seeker,
Home Seeker and Investor about cities in Ne
braska, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, California, Texas, Arkansas, Okla
homa, Missouri and Kansas, to which our maga
zine is devoted.
Circulation 60,990 monthly. Best Advertising
Medium‘for those wishing to reach people of
modest means, as well as the rich on ranches,
in small towns and large cities of the South
west. A third of our circulation is now in
Eastern, Middle, Western and Southern States.
Subscription price SI.OO a year. Send 19
cents for copy of latest issue showing valuable
premiums for yearly subscribers.
THE GREAT SOUTHWEST MAGAZINE.
1840 California St., Denver, Colo.
PAGE FIVE