PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
OLD POPS, READ THIS.
Out in Texas, in the town of Abilene, is a
irue-hearted, industrious reformer, who is do
ing his level best to stimulate independent
though and action, and to revive the interest
which tens of thousands of good citizens once
. felt in Jeffersonian democracy. He has been
doing this work at his own expense. Being a
poor man, this is an imposition which we
ought not to allow. We owe it to ourselves to
help the man who is trying to help us.
The Jeffersonian strongly urges upon every
citizen who feels that in the campaign of 1908
every legitimate effort should be made to
bring out a full, independent vote, to send
Mr. H. L. Bentley, Abilene, Texas, a contri
bution to help him on in circulating literature,
conducting a national correspondence, and or
ganizing Jeffersonian clubs. If you can send
sl, send it—send it now. If you can spare
$5, send that. Thousands of you can send
$lO and never miss it. Do it, and reap the
reward of that good feeling which follows the
performance of a good deed. If you can send
no more than 25 cents, send that amount.
The Jeffersonian can vouch for Mr. H. L.
Bentley, and for the fact that that money will
be honestly applied to the purpose herein in
dicated.
PROTECT THE NATIONAL UNIFORM.
One of the appeals of the military and
naval service of the United States ought to be
its distinctiveness and distinction. And that
necessities measures to prevent the misuse
of the national uniform. No person should
be permitted to copy the uniform for business
or other private purposes.
Nobody should be permitted to simulate
United States soldiers and sailors and national
guardsmen save in theatrical performances.
Were such laws enacted and enforced the
men in the service would have an added pride
useful in recruiting first-class men. —New York
American.
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT.
Reference to the people of a matter like
abolition of the death penalty will serve to
reveal, through the discussion which must pre
cede the poll, such change as has gone on in
a commonwealth supposed to be unusually in
telligent and sensitive to ethical distinctions.
For this reason a referendum would be
watched far beyond state bounds. Ideals in
penology have lately altered so much, motives
for doing justice have changed to such a de
gree, the “eye for an eye and tooth for a
tooth” theory has been so undermined by
Christian ethics, that it is very doubtful wheth
er the laity, if left alone, would vote to go on
executing murderers. —Boston Herald.
PARCELS POST.
Postmaster General Meyer loses no chance
of urging upon congress, collective and indi
vidual, his pet scheme for the establishment of
a parcels post; and it is safe to say that no
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
plan fathered by his department would receive
more general support from the people at large.
To farmers especially it would be a boon be
yond the power of estimation. To be free
from the extortion of the express companies
and to be able to send and receive packages
up to a certain weight through the handy
medium of the rural delivery, would mean
another important step in the amelioration of
conditions of life in the country. It would
rank with the telephone and the rural deliv
ery of letters, as a link in the chain of com
munication that binds the farm to' centers of
civilization, which, by doing away with its iso
lation, has removed one of the fundamental
drawbacks to residence in rural communities.
The plan is intended particularly for the ben
efit of farmers, as Mr. Meyer designs a spe
cial graduated rate for parcels on rural deliv
ery routes, his object being to utilize more
fully the machinery of this system, and also
to foster local trades, by enabling merchants
in country villages to hold custom in competi
tion with mail order houses, which latter
would not be given the benefit of the reduced
rates.
Another plan that the postmaster general
has at heart, which w 7 ould still further utilize
the resources of his departments, is the estab
lishment of a postal savings bank system, on
the order of that in Canada. In a recent in
terview, he explained that his idea was to let
each postoffice be an agency where money
could be deposited, this money to be placed
afterward in the state or national banks, so
that it could he led back into the channels of
trade in that particular locality. There is no
intention, Mr. Meyer said, to compete with
existing savings banks, as the amount of de
posit will be limited to SSOO, and only 2 per
cent interest will be paid. The postoffice de
partment would be a preferred creditor, and
no government bonds would be given as col
lateral for the deposits, as these should be
left free for currency. There was no reason,
he thought, why the plan should not work as
well here as in Canada, where it has been tried
for forty years. The expense is small, no addi
tional clerks being required at the various
postoffices to carry it out. Money order clerks
handle the deposits, entering the amounts in
the passbooks of the depositors. In England,
as well as in other European countries, postal
savings banks have been for many years one
of the most popular institutions, putting as
they do a sort of national security behind
savings. A great many people, including
nearly all our foreign born population, have
a natural distrust of banks, and regard the
government as the most stable institution to
take care of money. It is thought the intro
duction of the system in this country would be
widely beneficial, and might aid in preventing
crises such as the one just past. That crisis
was sharply accentuated by the withdrawal of
money from local banks by small depositors
who preferred to keep it at home. It is safe
to assert that such action would not have been
taken if the money had been in charge of the
government. Congress is now considering va
rious plans for the relief of the finances and
for the prevention of money stringency; it is
to be hoped that some measure such as this
will receive favorable attention. —Farmers’
Advocate.
Culpepper’s Re-Improved Big' 801 l
Extra Prolific Cotton
It is the best cotton that grows, made
three bales on one acre last year. It
is early and turns out more lint that
any big boll variety known. Every
farmer should plant it. Write for
circulars.
J. E. CULPEPPER, Luthersville, Ga.
PRICES: 1 bushel. $1.50; 5 bushels. $6.75;
10 bushels, $12.50.
Bargain in Typewriters
Two No. 3 Olivers and one Fay-
Sholes. Nearly new. Great bar
gains.
THE JEFFERSONIAN - Thomson, Ga.
125 SONGS FRFF
(WORDS and MUSIC) 1
NATIONAL SONGS, HYMNS, HOME
SONGS, HEART SONGS, SACRED SONGS,
ETC., FOR LOVERS
of Melody everywhere. Grandest collection
ever gotten together. Also 100 instructive
points for Music Lovers, showing the elements
of music and how it is learned. Among the
songs are: Home, Sweet Home, Abide Wjtn
Me, National Hymn, Columbia the Gem of the
Ocean, Juanita, Listen to the Mocking Bird,
Soft Music is Stealing, Star Spangled Banner,
Boat Song, and over 100 others. 250,000 copies
already sold. Everybody wants one. We send
this MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF SONGS
AND HYMNS, including 100 points in music
course, FREE, to everyone sending us 25 cents
for a 4-months’ trial subscription to the Home
and State, the illustrated Family Magazine, 32
pages, 128 columns, lots of pictures, good sto
ries and articles. No need to go to a music
store and pay 10 to 25 cents a' copy for sheet
music when you can get these 125 Songs and
Music FREE. Send 25 cents (silver or stamps)
today before you forget it. Address THE
HOME AND STATE, 319 Commerce St., Dallas,
Texas.
♦
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the Voter* of the Northern Judicial Cir
cuit:
1 announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to the primary to be held for
that purpose. I assure you that I will appre
ciate your support.
L D. M ’GREGOR.