PAGE TWELVE
ONE SAMPLE OF PRIVATE OWNER
SHIP.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
rageously polite, this attorney did not insist up
on having the Major say whether he were free
to jar himself loose from that solitary share of
stock.
Therefore and consequently, we do no vio
lence to the reasonable hypothesis when we
hazard the surmise that Maj. Hanson owns no
stock at all in the Central; and that the lone
some share which appears in his name belongs
to somebody else.
In commercial parlance, Hanson is a dummy
stock-holder in the corporation which he milks
to the tune of $30,000 per year.
That’s queer, isn’t it?
The fair inference is that the Central is still
secretly owned and controlled, in violation of
law, by the Southern Railroad. Os this latter
company, J. Barbour Thompson is the Geor
gia manager,—indeed, chief cook and bottle
washer.
(Barbour Thompson hails from Culpeper,
Virginia,—a town which had a sensational bank
failure, some years ago. Do you remember the
same, Mr. Barbour Thompson?)
Now, it is of course nothing more than a co
incidence that one of Major Hanson’s lady
companions in the auto ride, which resulted in
a broken arm for the Major, was Mrs. Barbour
Thompson.
Some years back, the Central Railroad be
longed to the people of Georgia. The State had
greatly favored it. Trustees, Executors, Ad
ministrators and Guardians had invested heav
ily in its stock. It was one corporation where
in real widows and orphans had their estates
funded.
Swooping down upon this Georgia corpora
tion, came a Wall Street flock of birds of
prey,— Pat Calhoun in the lead. They secured
control, slapped on a sixteen million dollar
bond issue,—and stood from under. The road
defaulted, was sent to the block, was sold, and
bought in by Wall Streeters. J. P. Morgan
reorganized it.
When that international robber got through
with the job, the Central was staggering under
a capitalization of more than $50,000,000!
The original amount of the capitalization got
ten was $7,500,000.
Maj. Hanson’s duty is to represent the suc
cessors of those who robbed the stockholders
of this road. Many and many a widow and
orphan were brought to destitution by that ras
cally raid of Pat Calhoun. Many a man who
thought his competence safe in Central stock
found himself ruined by the Calhoun scoop.
(Pat Calhoun is now on trial in San Francis-
DIRECT LEGISLATION.
Under the system of direct legisla
tion, or the initiative and referendum,
the people of Oregon voted on eleven
measures in 1906, adopting eight and
rejecting three. This shows that the
voters discriminated, and not one bad
measure was adopted.
As showing how the referendum can
break the power over lawmaking ex
ercised by monopoly upon legislatures
two acts adopted by the people of Ore
gon are cited:
The Oregon state grange initiated a
measure requiring sleeping ear compa
nies, refrigerator car companies, oil
companies and express companies,
which had been escaping taxation, to*
pay into the state treasury 3 per cent
of their gross earnings within the
state. When referred to the people
this measure was adopted by a vote of
69,536 to 6,440 or nearly eleven to one.
The legislature had refused to levy a
2 per cent tax.
co, for crimes similar to those he committed
with impunity, in Georgia.)
The Central has to be run in such away as
to earn dividends on four times as much capital
as would rebuild and equip the road. Therefore,
the shippers are pinched in freight rates, mer
chants and farmers plundered to gather trib
ute for Wall street rascals, needed improve
ments neglected, employees over-worked and
underpaid.
THE LAWYERS, who stave off legislative
investigation into the illegal relations existing
between the Southern and the Central, are not
overworked nor underpaid. They draw the
biggest kind of salaries, and enjoy some lus
cious perquisites.
THE NEWSPAPERS, that look the other
way while these two corporations trample up
on our Constitution and plunder our people,
are not overworked nor underpaid. They sim
ply keep their mouths shut and their eyes
averted, while their advertising managers cash
in.
And MAJOR HANSON, the dummy Presi
dent, he isn’t overworked and underpaid, eith
er. The Major is so far from being overworked
that he is quite a social lion, in fashionable cir
cles —a sort of Sir Charles Grandison, don’t you
know —and the Horse Show would be lonelv
without him ; the Riviera would mourn if he did
not annually show up; gay Paree would droop
were his automobile to come no more to the
Champs Elysee and the Bois de Boulogne.
No, we are quite pleased to announce that
our choicest*Major is not overworked.
But, then, is he underpaid? Ah, that de
pends. He only gets about one hundred dol
lars per day for the work days of the year. Is
that too little? How can one say? To answer
conscientiously, it is necessary that one should
know what it is that our selectest Major does
with himself when not at the Horse Show, not
at the play, not in those autos with charming
parties of ladies, and not disporting in gay
Paree.
No, frankly, we have not what you call “ze
information.”
•ft »ft »ft
"Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
Our newspapers seem to have overlooked
one interesting and important thing that the
Roosevelt-Tillman dispute proves.
While on a lecture tour in the West, Sena
tor Tillman sent the following telegram from
Wausau, Wisconsin:
“Reeder and Watkins, Marshfield, Oreg.:
W. E. Lee, my agent, will see you about land.
I want nine quarters reserved; will forward
signed application and money at once, mem-
I he grange also took up a bill tax
ing telephone and telegraph companies
1 per cent, which the legislature bad
refused to pass, increased the tax rate
to 2 per cent and submitted Hie am
ended bill to the people. It, was
adopted by a vote of 70,872 to 6,360.
During the yeat 190 S the people of
Oregon have voted through the refer
endum on nineteen measures. Os these
twelve were adopted and seven reject
ed. The official returns show that as
higli as 85 per cent of'the vote cast for
governor has been recorded for and
against a proposed law, showing that
the people take an interest in lawmak
ing, and the results also prove that
they understand what they are voting
on.
Summed up, the experience of Qre
gon shows conclusively that the refer
endum is the method by use of which
the baneful influence of monopolies
and ti lists may be destroyed in our
Ufcffftvsoniaii
lawmaking assemblies.—Labor Advo
cate, Birmingham, Ala.
SUGAR IN PLACE OF ALCOHOL.
One of the recent claims of scien
tists is that if sugar is supplied plen
tifully an appetite for alcohol will not
be created. Fama life affords many
luxuries improved by the liberal use
of sugar, and if this use will curb
the craving for liquor this fact should
be kept to the front. Anyway, sugar
is cheaper and more wholesome than
meat, and if, as is claimed, the taste
depraved by alcohol spurns it, the
chance of preventing other tastes
from becoming so perverted is worth
the- trial.—Nashville Banner.
THE RULING PASSION.
The Late Comer (anxiously)—How
far have they got with the program?
bers of my family are entrymen; letter. B. R.
Tillman.”
Now here is the thing of interest about the
above telegram.
It was sent Dead Head, —that is, free of
charge, by the Western Union Telegraph Co.
So we not only find the Senator from South
Carolina using his government frank on his
private mail to send it free, but we find him
accepting special favors from a big corporation,
the Western Union Telegraph Co.
The Senator who uses a telegraph and tele
phone frank belongs to the same class as the
one who uses a free pass or express frank to
ride free or send his express free.
These corporations give such privileges for
expected favors, and the Senator who sends
a thirty word telegram free is not considered
an enemy of the telegraph corporation.
•ft
While Congress is raising such a howl over
the appropriation for the secret service and
condemning the President for hiring special
detectives for investigating the Brownsville
affair, the time could much better be devoted
to important business.
The time that has been wasted since the be
ginning of the present session, time paid for by
the tax payers, amounts to more than the secret
service appropriation.
•ft
Isn’t it rather amusing to those who know the
records of some members of Congress to read
about those members becoming so indignant
when their honor is questioned?
And don’t we know the real reason why they
want Congressmen barred from secret investi
gations?
The people don’t object, for they really want
to know just what kind of men they are pay
ing to transact their business.
The government is the business head of the
nation, and it should be run on business prin
ciples : the people should know just how it is
being run.
Every Surety company, every Railroad com
pany, every big corporation or business has
its set of secret agents always on the lookout;
so has the Postoffice Department, the Treasury
Department, the Department of Justice, etc.,
and we never hear any kick about it.
Then why should not the most important
branch of the government be looked into some
times?
The President, even, should not be exempt
from investigation.
Coming down to the real facts, Congress
men are only agents of the people, paid by the
people to transact the business of the nation.
And the people have a right to know in what
manner they are transacting it.
Major Stymie (an ardent golfer)
Seven up and two to play.—Harper’s
Weekly.
WANTED—A BOY’S LETTER.
We want boys, anywhere in the
world, to write us letters. They must
be bright, happy and manly letters,
plainly written, on one side of the pa
per. Do not use more than fifty
words. Write about anything that
comes into your head. For the best
letter received in the next two weeks
we will give a prize of fifty splendid
post cards. Address your letters to
the Jeffersonian Post Card Club
n o
LEAF TOBACCO FOR SALE.
Fine to chew and smoke. Grown by
a deep-dyed-in-the-wool Populist and
firm believer in Thomas E. Watson’s
deathless principles. . Write for prices
t 0 W. L. PARKS,
R. F. D. 1, Adams, Tenn.