and give the automobilists the right-of-way, at
least while so many of them are our guests.”
Acting, perhaps, upon this notice that the
pedestrian of Atlanta 'had no right to its
streets, the following night witnessed the most
sickening accident, considering all its details,
that the annals of automobile horrors has
ever chronicled, in the death of Mr. Harvey
L. Anderson, one of Atlanta’s worthiest citi
zens. His hardware store is kept open until
9 o’clock on Saturday evenings, for which
reason he felt it necessary to remain at his
business, while his wife went with friends to
see the automobile show. Returning before
he did, she accepted an invitation to remain
with friends and ’phoned her husband to
come and take her home, which he started to
“do about 10 o’clock. On the way he was
struck down by a huge automobile, which
rushed on in a panic, leaving his man
gled body in the road, where a second au
tomobile, going at high speed, further tra
versed it. This automobile sped after the
first one, to bring the culprits back, if pos
sible. Meantime, Mrs. Anderson decided to
go toward home in the automobile of some
other friends, and on her way, that machine
actually ran over her husband’s arm while
he still lay bleeding in the dust of the road.
Thinking him some drunken man, she sent a
doctor to his assistance, who barely got him
to the hospital in time to die there. Three
machines had passed over his body in quick
succession before any one came to his aid.
Is the automobile craze worth one innocent,
valuable life?
The fat old debauche, King Edward, is said
to have declared a social boycott upon Win
ston Churchill, the young
Ihe King aristocrat who aspires to
Mould Coerce, lead the Liberal party, and
who even looks further
than that—to be premier of England under
a Socialist regime. He is, accordingly, being
given the cold British stare and the cut di
rect at his clubs, and suffering various other
forms of that rudeness which only “our set”
knows how to administer to the rank out
sider. Social ostracism of this sort, however,
never downed any one worth while, and no
matter how far astray Winston Churchill’s
erratic politics might lead him, it is doubtful
that he could be corrected and coerced by see
ing how really vulgar his former associates
can be.
Texas is still hot-foot after the oil com
panies. The Security Oil Company and the
Navarre Refining Company
The Texas having confessed to entering
Struggle. into a combine in violation of
the anti-trust laws of the State
were subjected to fines and judgments
amounting to $175,000 on October 26th, last,
while further proceedings to oust these com
panies from the State were instituted.
The Standard Oil Company of Indiana
was fined $65,000, and the Union Tank Line
will have to pay a judgment of $75,000 to be
made out of tank cars of oil now in posses
sion of the State.
John W. Gates will amend the charter of
his concern, the Texas Company, so as to in
crease its capital stock from $12,000,000 to
$18,000,000, and it is rumored that he will
buy up the holdings of the Waters-Pierce
Company, one of the subsidiaries of the
Standard Oil, which some months ago went
into the hands of a receiver in order to satisfy
a judgment against it for similar violations
of the anti-trust laws. No doubt the Stand
ard Oil Company is behind this deal.
It is well to bear in mind the distinction
between a corporation and a trust. Inde
pendent concerns, which combine to fix prices
and create a condition of monopoly constitute
a trust, and violate the statutes. A corpora
tion may work identically the same hardship
after it has bought up the independent con-
Jeffersonian
cerns, but it is not technically a “trust”. The
Texas fight bids fair to involve every phase
of the trust and monopoly evils and will come
out victorious if vigorous blows are dealt
each new form under which Standard Oil
domination tries to appear.
Especially could Texas do this, inasmuch as
it could obtain control of the actual, physical
property of the Standard Oil Company in its
own borders. The big oil fields there would
supply the State for indefinite decades, so
that if these oil companies are not “good” to
the citizens of Texas, the redress is in their
own hands, the ammunition of the enemy re
mains in their possession.
The Case Against the Union La
a bor Leaders
(concluded from page one)
it seemed to me that it was high time the
farmers were put upon notice that they were
being led into a very entangling alliance.
Let me give you a piece of advice, Farmer:
ATTEND TO YOUR OWN KNITTING,
and let these city Unions attend to theirs.
You haven’t a thing to gain by mixing up
with other organizations,—not a blessed thing.
® ® ®
That Catholic Chapel at West
Point Military Acadamy
In the Washington (D. C.) Herald, of
Tuesday, November 2 last, an account was
given of the arrangements for the funeral of
Cadet Eugene Byrne, who was killed in a
game of football.
The following statement occurs:
“Under an escort of classmates, Cadet Byrne’s
body was taken from the hospital to the Catholic
chapel, * * * where it is to lie in state until the
funeral tomorrow.’’
♦
. So, you see, the Catholics still hold posses
sion of our National Military Academy
grounds. While the Protestants were not
looking, Papa’s children laid their hands on
this choice location, which enables the priests
to influence the mental and spiritual growth
of those young men, from all parts of the
Union, who are to command your army.
Protestant preacher, have you ever given
this immensely important fact any of your
thought ?
CAN YOU NOT SEE WHAT IT
MEANS TO OUR FUTURE TO HAVE
THE UNITED STATES ARMY OFFI
CERED BY MEN WHO REGARD THE
POPE AS THEIR SUPREME MASTER?
To admit the priests to the West Point
Academy, is to surrender to them the very
citadel of military power. They come in con
tact with the youthful mind, at the plastic
period, and they thus pollute the very foun
tain from which flows our military leader
ship.
Why it is that the Protestants have never
realized this, is a mystery to me. What legal
right did the War Department have to grant
the Catholics a portion of the West Point
reservation ?
None, whatever. It was just as lawless an
act as was Taft’s conduct in the Panama
Canal zone, where he built four Catholic
churches out of public funds, and entered
upon the Government payrolls the names of
scores of priests and nuns.
See how it works: Catholic priests at West
Point win over the cadet; the cadet becomes
an army officer, and appoints Catholic chap
lains; the chaplains win over the private sol
diers, and thus the endless chain operates, au
tomatically and silently, year in and year out.
IT HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR A DEC
ADE, AND THE PROTESTANTS WON'T
SEE IT!
They are so crazy about Catholic Mexico,
Cuba, Central and South America that they
have no time or inclination to study the meth-
ods by which the Vatican politicians have
captured the United States.
® g]
Questions for Mission Boards
The Jeffersonian invites answers to the
questions asked below. The Mission Boards
and their champions must open up their
books, and let us know what they are doing,
and how they do it:
Who is responsible for the existence of this
Board of Missions?
(1) Were you appointed by the preachers
or by the church members?
(2) How could the people who appointed
you get a hearing before you if they wanted
any part of your work altered? Have you
authority over the churches, or have they au
thority over you ?
For how long were you appointed?
R hat do you get for your services?
As to appointing missionaries:
In selecting missionaries, do you ever ap
point men who are out of work at home, or do
you select men who are in constant demand at
home ?
Could the men now on the field get as much
for services here as they get on the field ?
What are the men who have been on the
field, but have come home, doing? Are they
getting as much here as you paid them
abroad ? Will you give us the names of Some
such?
Have you any hospitals? If so, why?
Do you give any free treatment in hos
pitals? If so, why ?
Why did you ever establish any schools?
"W hat is taught in these schools ? If anything
but the Bible, why?
Do you give free tuition in these schools to
those studying other things than the Bible?
Why ?
Have the converts in heathen lands been
true to the truth? What evidence can you
give us that they are loyal to Christ, after
they profess conversion? '
Do your native converts try to save others,
or do they quit unless they receive a salary
from us? What can you tell us along this line
that will help us to understand what we are
doing in mission work. It is reported that
you pay native workers only one-fifth as
much as you pay Americans who go out for
us. Is this true? If so, why?
Is your mission work done to suit the men
on the boards, the preachers, the missionaries
or to suit the people who furnish the money ?
Or, is it done just as the Bible directs that it
shall be done?
® ® ®
Another Missionary Slander
Last Friday I received the following note:
“The paper, like the one inclosed, is all over this
city—and your enemies are claiming and telling it
that ‘Tom Watson’ will not publish it. It’s hurt
ing.”
The city referred to is Forsyth, Georgia.
The paper referred to is the bitterly abusive
pamphlet of Rev. W. E. Towson, of Cairo,
Georgia. HE DID NOT REQUEST ME TO
PUBLISH IT, NOR DID ANY ONE ELSE
DO SO.
® !§ ®
Important Notice
Mr. J. J. Brown, of Bowman, Georgia, has
accepted the appointment of State Manager
for the Jeffersonians, and will enter at once
upon the duties of his office. Mr. Brown will
have charge of all agents, and of the subscrip
tion and circulation work in the State of
Georgia. The creation of this new office was
rendered necessary by our rapid increase in
circulation, and we congratulate ourselves
upon securing the services of such an efficient
organizer as Mr. Brown. He has thousands
of good friends in the State, and we feel that
it is unnecessary for us to ask our agents to
give him their hearty support and co-opera
tion in his work.
PAGE FIVE