was a Governor or some other public officer,
and he sent circulars through the mails of
fering a reward to whoever would kidnap ex-
Governor Taylor, and run him back into Ken
tucky.
Os course Fred knew that this offer of a re
ward to commit a crime, would get him into
trouble. But that was just what Fred was
looking for. The Stunenburg murderers had
been turned loose, people were forgetting all
about it, and Fred was losing subscribers.
A new sensation was needed to keep his pa
per going. He got it. The fool Federal au
thorities played into Fred’s hands beautifully.
They arrested him, for offering that reward,
and then didn’t seem to know very well what
to do with him. Fred was in glory. The
limelight never found a more receptive hero.
F red’s paper went into ecstacies, hysterics,
jubilations, dervish dances, convulsions, de
lirium tremens, colic spasms, and epileptic
fits.
Fred employed Clarence Darrow, of
course; and Clarence made the speech of his
life, of course; and the Judge who tried the
case is a disgrace to humanity, of course; and
the jury which found Fred guilty are twelve
of the worst rascals that ever went unhung,
of course; and this capitalistic Government
ought to be blown up with dynamite, of
course, and so on.
There’s a good deal more of it, but that
will do for this time. s.
In the meanwhile, Fred’s paper is on a
boom, —going faster than a scared wolf or
jack rabbit. And Fred is happy. Posing as a
persecuted martyr, chased by “the hell
hounds of capitalism”, Frederick is raking in
the shekels and listing new subs, by the thou
sand.
Go it, Fred!
® ® ®
The Income Tax, Clark and Hoke
“IT WILL BE RATIFIED BY SUCH A
MAJORITY AS WILL LEAVE NO
DOUBT .!<? TO GEORGIA'S ATTITUDE
TOWARD THIS RECOGNIZED JUST
AND REASONABLE DEMOCRATIC
PRINCIPLE.
“Only ignorance or ulterior motive can
write Georgia in the column of those states
opposing the income tax.
“If made an issue, it is scarcely to be credit
ed that there is a county in the State which
would give a majority against it.”
The above is taken from the Atlanta Con
stitution, of last Sunday,—taken with avidity,
rapture, enthusiasm, delight and pleasure.
And satisfaction.
BULLY FOR CLARK HOWELL!
Now, will Mr. Hoke Smith quit knifing the
Income Tax, in his Atlanta Journal?
Will Mister come out like a man, and
take his stand for this righteous tax?
It is the only Federal tax that can reach the
abnormal fortunes of the East and North.
It is the only way to make New England
millionaires pay a little something for what
they pile up under the infernal Tariff.
Other taxes confiscate a portion of the milk;
the Income Tax confiscates but a small per
centage of the cream.
It is the only tax which, by offering a sub
stitute revenue, paves the way for a substan
tial reduction of the Tariff.
Madison and Hamilton both said that it
would be an outrage upon the agricultural
states to raise all the governmental revenues
by custom-house duties, 'which protect the
manufacturers from foreign competition.
Hamilton even said (see 77/c Federalist)
that a full revenue tariff, with its incidental
protection to manufacturers, would be a gross
injustice to the agricultural states.
But the Government must be supported.
If it is given no other source of income it
must retain the Tariff.
By enacting the Income Tax, we furnish
Uncle Sam another crutch. He will not then
©be Jeffersonian,
have to lean entirely on the system which
breeds the Trust.
And the Democratic party, if honor-bound
to anything, is honor-bound to the Income
Tax.
Come out on the people's side, Mr. Hoke
Smith! Help us create a public sentiment in
favor of this righteous tax upon the wealth
of the country. The backs and bellies of the
poor need some relief.
Will you help, Mister Smith?
Your paper chided Alabama, for promptly
redeeming her Democratic pledge in favor of
the Income Tax.
That was wrong, Mister Smith. Get on the
people's side, and do it quickly, Mister Hoke.
® ® ®
Paragraph Philosophy
The wit is often the sage. In one sentence,
Rochefoucauld condenses the wisdom which
another would spread over a page. With a
single line, Josh Billings often stated a great
truth which would set the whole country
thinking and laughing.
In John J. Ottingger, the Washington (D.
C.) Post has a paragrapher who is endowed
with the same wonderful gift.
Here is a sentence, taken at random from a
current issue of his paper:
“High prices make it very hard to live up to
what other people think we ought to spend.”
The Duke of Rochefoucauld, himself, never
packed more truth and humor in one line.
If you will subject yourself to a rigid cross
examination, for the purpose of finding out
how much you spend because of the opinions
and the standards established by others, you
will be astonished to learn how little your cost
of living is controlled by your individual and
independent preferences in the matter.
Your wife, your children, your neighbor,
your friend, your enemy, your rival in busi
ness or in society, the standards fixed by peo
ple who are dead, the charity-broker, the pas
tor, the editor, —these are the people who de
cide what you ought to spend. To have any
peace at all, you shell out.
You likewise tip the waiter, the bell-boy,
the porter, the cabman, and the janitor.
Selah.
® ® ®
It Concerns You All
You may think that we give too much space
to affairs in Georgia, but we don’t. Those
things that we are exposing and combating in
this State, need exposure and opposition in all
the states. Throughout this Union, private
companies of capitalists are besieging legisla
tures for chartered rights to grab private and
public property.
These ravenous syndicates harp tunefully
about bringing in foreign capital to develop
local resources. They sing like altruists, and
the very perspiration of their sleek and inde
fatigable lobbyists smells like the essence of
philanthropy and patriotic civism.
But everywhere the spirit of these marau
ders is the same. Whether wolfishly seizing
upon water-powers in Montana, or stealthily
steering Eminent Domain bills in Georgia,
the purpose is identical. To take away from
the people that which ought never be exploit
ed by private dollar-chasers; to snatch from
private citizens that which they wish to keep;
to enthrone the corporation in such away
that future generations will be powerless to
escape the payment of perpetual tribute, —
these are the sordid motives that actuate each
and all of the franchise-grabbing syndicates.
They are as busy as bees in every state.
Therefore, what we print about corporation
encroachments, in Georgia, is of national con
sequence.
See how it is in Texas! Did not Attorney-
General R. V. Davidson win national ap
plause by the splendid fight that he made
against the devouring syndicates?
In Missouri, did not Attorneys-General
Folk and Hadley do the same thing?
In Florida, Claude L’Engle made as gallant
a struggle as anybody, anywhere, has made
against the Northern trusts which have mas
tered that peninsula,—and though he lost, the
struggle is not ended.
So, in Arkansas and Mississippi, the states
are grappling with the syndicates. In every
state the war is on. You see it in the prosecu
tion of the notorious corruptionist, Pat Cal
houn, in California. You see it in the at
tempts to punish the venal judge, who in the
State of Washington, accepted the written
opinion of James J. Hill’s lawyer, and made
it the judgment of the court.
You see it in the desperate efforts Ros An
geles is making to prevent Harriman from
stealing Pearl Harbor.
You see it in the magnificent battle Pinchot
is waging to thwart the plot of Ballinger and
the Power Trust, in the matter of pouncing
upon power-sites.
In fact, you see it everywhere. No state in
the Union is safe from the inordinate greed of
corporate capital. Therefore, read and con
sider what we say about affairs in Georgia ;
and then see if it doesn't apply to your state,
too.
g] g] ®j
The Presbyterian and Elsie Sigel
A friend sends an editorial clipped from
the Presbyterian, in which it is denied that
Elsie Sigel was a missionary worker among
the Chinese.
We do not know what to make of some of
the religious papers, these days. For instance,
The Wesleyan Christian Advocate declared
editorially that Mr. Watson had said that, out
of every SIOO paid in for missions, only $lO
reached the heathen.
Mr. Watson had never said anything of the
kind, but even after he had corrected the Ad
vocate, it did not set him right. Its readers,
so far as we know, still believe that he made
that statement.
And now comes the Presbyterian, acting
even more culpably. To escape the force of
the Watson editorial on “What We Mission
aries Concealed”, it asserts that Elsie Sigel
was not a missionary at all.
The facts are known to all who read the pa
pers, and the editor of the Presbyterian must
be one of these, else he would not know what
the Elsie Sigel case was.
The father of the girl is living in New
York, and his father was Gen. Franz Sigel, of
Civil War fame. Surely he ought to know
about his own daughter.
A statement given out to all the papers,
after the poor victim’s body had been found
in the trunk, was that he, the father of Elsie,
had bitterly opposed her desire to devote her
life to this Chinese mission work, but that the
girl and her mother had gone against him.
The girl said that she felt that duty called
her to that field, and her mother took sides
with Elsie. The mother herself corroborated
the statement of her husband.
The statement of Elsie’s uncle was also in
the papers, to the effect that he so strongly
disapproved of the decision of Elsie and her
mother, that he practically severed his rela
tions with his brother's family.
Elsie worked at the “Mission’’, as one of the
regular missionaries. She made “converts” of
Chinese young men, and two of these appear
to have made love to her. In the bedroom of
one of these slant-eyed hypocrites and hell
ians, she was found, dead and packed in a
trunk; and another of the “Converts to
Christ” afterwards chuckled and grinned like
a yellow devil, as he described how the white
girl lay on Leon's bed, faintly struggling, as
Leon tightened the grip on her throat that
was choking the life out of the girl he had
ruined, —ruined body and soul.
The Presbyterian shoulders an awful re
sponsibility when it denies notorious facts
like those of the Elsie Sigel case.
PAGE THIRTEEN