moderate' sum of SSO. This fact is vouched
for by a responsible man, who says it can be
proved* The man is Oliver S. Jones, of Pres
cott, Arkansas. In his paper, D. J. Neill
makes no allusion to this damning accusation. *
Yet the C o-operator, Neill’s paper, is on our
exchange list; and Neill knows what I have
published.
Yet, NeilVs name appears on the list of in
vited speakers who are to address that hotch
potch meeting, at St. Louis.
Then, again, consider the case of Duck
worth. This new-comer to Georgia is the no
ble person who did his level best, (aided by
that rascally Atlanta lawyer,) to beat the-
Jowett boys out of the money and the labor
that they had put into Duck’s trashy little
paper.
Duck refuses to answer, as to questions
touching his personal and political integrity.
He closes up his shell like a kicked terrapin;
and sits still within his shell. Were he an
honest man, with nothing to conceal, he would
have answered those fair and legitimate ques
tions. a No manly American has anything but
contempt for such a character.
Yet his name appears on the list of invited
speakers, who are to enlighten the St, Louis
Convention!
There is no compliment paid, when one is
asked to address a crowd which is likewise to
be addressed by such men as Neill and Duck
worth.
It is very doubtful whether good can come
from any such crazy-quilt gathering. Gom
pers is to be there with his fads and fancies:
Taft is to be on hand with his fat and fatuous
common-places: John Temple Graves is to
attend and operate his verbal flutter-mill, in
the interest of ever-changing, never-staying
Hearst: the senile Secretary of Agriculture,
Wilson, who sent cotton down $3 per bale, a
year or so ago, by talking about the tremen
dous crop— he's to be there, too.
Men and Brethren! Don’t scold me for
not wanting to be a faint tinge of color in
that marvellous blend. How could I, with
propriety, say what it is in me to say, about
Taft, and the corporation tools who form his
Cabinet, and the infamous new tariff-law
which has shot the cost of living sky high?
Taft, being an invited guest, would be im
mune from attack by a fellow-guest.
Can't you see how my hands have been
tied?
Whether this was done on purpose, I don’t
know: but you can see for yourself that
they’re tied.
No, Sir! There’s time enough for me to
speak; and when I do. it must be under cir
cumstances where the boys can yeII—
“LET HER GO!”
A Sensible Woman and Her
Opinions
Dear Doctor Lovett is still publishing the
Advocate. Would ask him “Why?” but am
afraid he’d answer that it’s none of my busi
ness. Last- week he printed something inter
esting. Yes, that’s a fact. Somebody else
wrote itr Why, of course. A lady wrote it,
and we give it, below:
“We have too many papers. Go Forward, the
Missionary Advocate, Our Homes, and the Young
Christian Worker. Have one paper or magazine,
with different departments, if necessary have an
editor for each department. The Epworth Era
news could go into this combination, or in the
Conference Advocates.
“There are too many societies. The League,
Home and Foreign Missionary Boards are pulling
for the young people and the children, thus
creating rivalry and sometimes discord. Unite the
Woman’s Missionary Societies, and let the League
be a department of the Sunday-school, , let the
children remain in the Sunday-school and here re
ceive their missionary training. I love the work
with all my heart, but believe the women ought to
have some time to stay at home. Don’t let us go
on this way another four years.”
A year ago, no such letter would have been
sept to the Advocate; nor would Dr. Lovett
Sb® Jeffersonian
have published any such sweeping criticism
of the religious modus operandi!
*- No, Sir: it has been so long since the clergy
heard from the pews, that they even riveted
the old Jewish tithing system on the congre
gations, without raising any racket. After
that, a great, big, fat, greasy-looking parson,
Alex Bealer by name, came out with a piece
in the papers, claiming that the people ought
to build mountain homes for our beloved pas
tors; and that our wives and daughters ought
to go up, in the good old summer time, and
keep house for them. Alex didn't exactly say
that he wanted your wife and mine to cook
his victuals and wash his clothes and make up
his bed, but that was the trend of his truly
meek and modest proposition.
Confound his impudence! He deserves a
few broken doses of buggy-whip.
But—getting back to dear Doctor Lovett—
isn't it refreshing to see that bold and sensi
ble woman condemning things, as she does?
Too many missionary papers! Who would
have dared to say that, two years ago? And
what sectarian paper would have indorsed the
criticism ?
In looking over the official report of the
Conference, I found where the editors of Go
Forward had helped themselves, or had been
helped, to the amount of $2,G00, zn one year.
ihe little old thing comes out only once a
month; and yet it feeds on the missionary
collections, like an overgrown sponge.
What right have those in authority to col
lect money to convert the heathen, and then
turn it over to American editors, magazine
writers, and business managers of periodicals?
None in the world. To support these papers,
magazines, publishing houses, tract writers,
etc., out of the missionary collections bears a
striking resemblance to misappropriation of
public money. The people who contribute to
foreign missions are certainly not put on no
tice that the funds will be squandered on
publishing houses, expensive magazines, and
highly salaried editors. Such information,
given before the collection is taken up, would
make the collection result in a water-haul.
But it is an outrage that the uninformed
common people are kept in their ignorance,
for the purpose of taking advantage of it.
I’m glad that at least one Christian woman
has had the courage to speak out. Two years
ago, Dr. Lovett would probably have thrown
that letter indignantly aside. But the Doctor
has learned at last that the people are no
longer asleep. He wouldn't let me defend
myself from the venomous attack of that
Cairo saint, Towson, but we've got the facts
going, all the same.
Before the printers could deliver the sec
ond edition of “Foreign Missions Exposed".
700 copies had been sold.
The publishers of Zion's Advocate (Elder
R. H. Pittman) sent his check for 100 copies.
By the time that book goes the rounds, the
truths it contains will incline our people back
to Gospel Missions.
Men of the South! Let’s Get To
gether
Away with bickerings and bitterness, nar
row prejudice and threadbare Bourbon ism!
Let us all learn something, and forget some
thing. Let us bury past antagonisms, and
resurrect the old-time Southern spirit which
made for the higher levels of conduct, the
loftier ideals of civic duty.
Time was when no Presidential ticket was
presented to the United States without a
Southern man’s name on it. Sometimes both
names were from the South. In the Cabinet,
we were represented, not by such corporation
tools as Dickinson, but by statesmen like
Crawford, Berrien, Legare, Forsyth, Madi
son, Monroe, Jefferson and Calhoun. In the
Senate and House towered, not the tiny Do
nothings of today, but such giants as Benton,
Randolph, Macon, Clay, Walker, Yancey,
McDuffie, Stephens and Toombs.
Where are your great men ? In whose heart
throbs the aspirations of the South? In
whose brain lives the constructive statesman
ship which would emancipate her from the
galling and crushing yoke of New England?
Name him!
You can’t do it; and your cheek mantles in
shame when you compare your Congressional
and Cabinet representatives of recent years
with the grand men of the olden days.
Is it not so?
The whole South is unhappy—yearning for
what ?
For a Man, to lead her out of her humilia
tion.
Tillman—strong man !—has felt the touch
which chills, beyond full recovery. Daniel is
a back number. Bacon is aloof and academic.
Vest and Vance, Morgan and Lamar are dead.
Bailey will never regain what lie lost when
he yoked up with Dave Francis and Pierce,
of Standard Oil. And it was a pity—that
the head of our young Samson should be laid
in that Delilah's lap. But it was done —and
his locks are gone.
IJAerc is cuzr Man? Is there no one, in the
whole mob of salaried sages, with sense
enough to see that the South is never to be
aught but the slave of the other sections, so
long as our present way of national conven
tions survives?
Yet, even a school-boy ought to be able to
see it. Pennsylvania never goes Democratic:
Texas always does; but. in the National Con
vention, Pennsylvania is given just as full a
representation as Texas.
Every one of the States which always go
Republican has as large a delegation, in the
National Democratic Convention, as though
it always went Democratic.
Can't you see how this hurts the South, the
bulwark of the Democratic party?
What should be done about it?
This: each State should have votes, in the
National Convention, in proportion to the
number of Democratic votes cast within her
limits at the preceding Presidential election.
This would at once liberate the South from
the numerical preponderance of the other sec
tions, and 'would enable her to dictate Demo
cratic candidates, platforms, principles and.
policies.
As long as you allow REPUBLICAN
STATES TO' RULE DEMOCRATIC
COUNCILS, you will continue to have
NORTHERN ' MEN AND NORTHERN
PRINCIPLES GOVERN THE DEMO
CRATIC PARTY. THE CONGRESS AND
THE GOVERNMENT.
Get on this line, Brethren of the press, and
demand that representation in your national
councils be based on the number of Democrats
in each State.
NO OTHER PRINCIPLE IS SOUND.
Then adopt a platform like that of 1856:
and we who are, at heart, Democrats, can pull
together FOR THE OVERTHROW OF
NEW ENGLAND DOMINATION.
EDITORIAL NOTES
By J. D. WA TSON
Another one of those safe Republican dis
tricts has gone wrong by electing a reform
Democrat to fill an unexpired term in Con
gress.
This time the unusual happened in the
Thirty-second District of New York, which
embraces the city of Rochester.
For years Rochester has been one of the
worst boss-ridden cities in the country, com
pletely controlled and run by one notorious
boss named Aldridge.
Aldridge had himself nominated by the
Republicans as their candidate, while the
Democrats nominated a man who was not a
(continued on page fourteen)
PAGE ELEVEN