PAGE TWELVE
HELLO! BROTHER COFER!!!
(Continued from Page Nine.)
President J. W. Tarboux asserts that his insti
tution “is like a big girl who has outgrown
all her old dresses. She must have longer and
better dresses, or hide her face in shame.”
I consider this an extremely happy simile.
Now, whait must "our Mission Board” do for
this embarrassed and embarrassing “big girl” ?
Professor Tarboux hits right out with bota
fists from both shoulders, and demands of the
Home Church $25,000 for an extension of the
present building; SIO,OOO for additional furni
ture and scientific apparatus; s4oxoo for a
chapel, literary society and Y. M. C. A. halls;
$35,000 for a Pharmacy and Dental school;
and $30,000 for more land ito build on, and for
the students to play on.
Says Bro. Tarboux: “The (home) Church
ought to drive down her stakes for $150,000
for the Granbery within the next five years.”
Nevertheless, Bro. Cofer stoutly maintains
that “Our” Schools are self-supporting!
Throughout 'the Report, one can find men
tion of scholarships, that are given to the
heathen students; kindergartens where the
pagan, tots are gathered in for free housing
and training, and boarding schools, where some
pay and some do not. Let any one who cares
to be “accurate and just” simply take the
total cost of this foreign missions work and
subtract, from that amount, the sum contribut
ed by the natives of those foreign countries,
and he will see how wofully our people are
being deceived by such assertions as those
made in The Wesleyan Christian Advocate.
But it was my good fortune to receive from
Nashville, in addition to the. official Report,
a very courteous letter from Secretary W. W.
Pinson, who obligingly enclosed an itemized
statemenlt, showing to what extent “our”
schools fall short of self-support. Efrother
Cofer can have a copy of this statement
“within twenty-four hours,” if he will apply
for it.
According to secretary Pinson of the Board
of Missions of the M. E. Church. South, its
schools need and get SUBSIDIES, as follows:
For the Year 1908-9.
Soochow University ... $5,000
Anglo-Chinese C011ege1,344
McLain Training School 2,109
Huchow District Schooll,Bll
Kwansei Gakuin 5ch00112,175
Hiroshima-5ch0018,569
Hiroshima Kindergarten 150
Lambert Memorial School .... 1,107
Palmore Institute 1.100
Anglo-Korean School 1,500
Collegio Wesleyan, Mex 3,729
Laurens Institute2,7so
Effie Eddington School 1,200
Candler College, Cuba 2,942
Brandlberg College 7.100
According to Sec. Pinson’s table, “our”
church has just one self-supporting school in
all the heathen world—the Leta Ward, with its
62 pupils! (Mexico.)
These foreign schools, operated in competi
tion with the schools of the foreign govern
ments, cost the M. E. Church South the neat
sum of $52,586 last year, in addition to all that
the heathen paid.—which was a little less than
HALF THE TOTAL EXPENSE of the
schools.
In these various schools thdre were 807
students who did not pay a red cent toward
their tuition, and some of them got their board
and lodging besides.
What does Bro. Cofer mean by his denials,
anyway ?
Solemnly, we put the question:
“Is it persistent ignorance, or willful mis
representation ?”
Answer, Bro. Cofer!
(Look out for the June number Jeffersonian
Magazine. All parsons who desire “to be ac-
3tffersontan
curate and just” should lay in wait for this
June issue. It will tell them a good deal that
they don’t seem to know.)
* n *
The Shame of South.
With a bititer feeling of helplessness and a
burning sense of shame, we read in the Con
gressional Record of the betrayal of the South
ern people by their Senators. We see eighteen
Democratic votes entered in the Republican
Column, giving to the Steel Trust a tariff duty
on iron ore. That means millions of dollars,
taken from the consumers, to add to the drop
sical profits of the Pennsylvania octopus.
The whole South denounced President
Roosevelt for his lawless and disgraceful act
in giving the wink to the Steel Trust when it
swallowed the Tennessee Coal and Iron Co.
The merger violated the Anti-Trust Act of
Congress, and removed from the field the most
dangerous rival of the Pennsylvanians-.
But the Southern Senators have now done
far worse than Roosevelt did. They have put
back iron ore on the dutiable list, from which
the Republicans of the House had transferred
it to the free list. Thus the Democratic Sen
ators of the South have practically signed THE
DEATH WARRANT of every independent
steel plant in the South, the East, the West,
and the North.
The fields of iron ore in this Country are
owned by the Steel Trust. What they got
when they illegally gobbled the Tennessee
Coal and Iron Co., together with what they
own in the Lake Superior region, gives the
Pennsylvania gang virtual control of iron ore.
Had the Southern Senators voted to put iron
ore on the free list, the independent makers
of steel could have brought in ore from Cuba
and Canada. But when a tariff duty is placed
on it the Steel Trust has a monopoly and the
independents must buy their raw’ material from
the Trust, or import it at a great disadvantage.
In either event, the independents are at the
mercy of the Trust.
South Carolina once sent to the Senate men
like Calhoun, and Hayne, and McDuffie, who
fought the damnable tariff as honest men com
bat intolerable wrong. Now, however, her
Tillman, the Farmer’s Alliance REFORMER,
goes over to the Northern leaders, accepts
Aldrich of Rhode Island for his legislative
guide, and votes the Pennsylvania Steel Trust
a tariff that will outrageously rob every farmer
and merchant and mechanic in the whole
United States!
Georgia once had Senators who were trib
unes of the common people; great is our
mortification at seeing the names of both
Bacon and Clay among the henchmen of
Aldrich, on this iron ore vote. Both the Vir
ginia Senators voted for the Steel Trust, and
we are not surprised. The people of Virginia
are not represented in Congress. Apparently,
they do not care to be.
Stone of Missouri voted with the Steel Trust.
Naturally. Bankhead and Johnson of Ala
bama did. also.
What else could you expect?
The two Florida Senators proved true to the
Trust, and so did Foster and McEnnery of
Louisiana, Frazier of Tennessee, and Paynter
of Kentucky.
We think that our readers will be profound
ly surprised and hurt to learn that Bob Taylor
of Tennessee went over to the Republican
leader and voted against the common people
in favor of the Trust.
The two Mississippi Senators did not vote
at all, nor did Jeff Davis, the Arkansas bull of
Bashan. Owen, of Oklahoma, is likewise put
down as “not voting.” Joe Bailey, of Texas,
also went with the Aldrich gang.
Remember it. A Republican house defied
the Steel Trust and put iron ore on the free
list, BUT A MAJORITY OF THE DEMO
CRATIC SENATORS RUSHED TO THE
RELIEF OF THE PENNSYLVANIA OC-
TOPUS, AND GAVE IT A NEW LICENSE
TO-ROB! j,
MR*
Socialism and Democracy.
Webster; Fla.; May 3, 19(19;
Dear Sir and Friend: I have just read with in
terest the letters and your comments on Socialism
in your last two or three weeklies. Mr. Watson,
I certainly wish the Populists and Socialists would
join forces some way so as to gain the victory for
the masses in 1912. 1 will give you my idea as to
how they could agree on the land question.
Let us have a graduated Land Tax, so that as a
man’s acreage increases, his Tax per acre would
increase in such a proportion as to make it very un
profitable to own large bodies of Land, and thereby
monopolizing the earth, and either crowding other
people off or making them slaves, Mr. Watson, did
hot land monopoly help to bring about the French
Revolution? And won’t like causes produce like ef
fects? You know land monopoly, as well as all other
monopolies, is what enslaves Labor. 1 think the soil
should belong to hint who tills it;
Excuse these poor remarks and accept them ds
coming from one who has loved and followed you
ever since you debated with the Hon. J. C. C.
Black in the grove at The Old Cotton Mill in
Sparta, Ga.
(Signed) F. Todd.
It is a pleasure to give space to the above.
The letter supplies additional testimony to the
effect that many a Socialist is nothing more
than a Populist:
We are constantly r€cfeiviilg conlmunicatioths
from writers who say they are Socialists and
who contend that tinder Socialism everybody
can own so much personal property and land
as he needs for his own use.
For example, we have a letter from Mr. Kyle
Stuart, of Thomasville, Ga., in which occurs
the statement, “If I understand Socialism on
the Land Question it is this—each man, as you
say, should own enough land for himself and
his mate to make a comfortable living on.”
Mr. Kyle Stuart expressed a fear that Mr.
Watson would ignore his letter and throw it
in the waste-basket. On the contrary, the
Jeffersonian will publish it, just as it was writ
ten. It is a. human document of deep interest.
Thomasville, Ga.
Dear Sir:— In your Jeffersonian of the 29th you
publish an able article from W. W. Wilkes. Then
you attack his arguments, and claim that Socialists
should have no right to curtail land ownership, that
the Socialists want all land in common. No, Mr
Watson, you are a smart man, and a man to lead
men, a well meaning man, and. one of the greatest
reformers that ever held a pen; but I fear that you
do not at all understand Socialism. I do not know
* that 1 myself fully understand it, while I have been
for years reading it and contending for its princi
ples ias I understand them. You must remember
that Socialism like every new party, has many
corrections to make, and many fanatics to fight, who
jump into it with but a faint knowledge of the
party, and spread out like a forest fire consuming
everything before them. The cussedness of the
capitalists in their treatment of the people in the
middle and lower life has been so damning, that
when the common, ignorant man is awakened to the
true condition of things, he wants to rise in his
might and destroy everything in sight, and many
times kills his benefactor. Now, if I understand
Socialism on the land question it is this: Each man
as you say, should own enough land for himself
and mate, to make a comfortable living on. (This,
was settled 1 think in the old land grants of the;
Revolution, when a soldier got a land warrant for
his serv.ee for 160 acres, no more no less. This,
was supposed, by those wise and 'patriotic fathers,,
as a sufficiency for any man to rear a family on..
Land was worth but a song, and the Government,
then had millions of acres, yet they saw fit to>
lestrict the ownership of land to 160 acres for each
man, woman and child.) Now it seems to me this,
is tihe solution that the Socialists are after. What
right has a man to own thousands of acres l of land,
and his neighbor have nowhere to lay his head?
The same God made the one that made the other,
and lie make the earth and the fullness thereof
so His creatures. That being the case, when a man
has enough to support him why should he be allowed
to rob those that would like to have a home?
Phis land grabbing by the capitalists who have