PAGE FOURTEEN
APLEA FOR TOBACCO GROWERS
('Continued from Page One.)
sular reports, he will see that Bremen
is the great center which supplies
Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, and it
actually breaks up the hogsheads we
ship over there, and every dealer in
the Bremen market-has asked the pri
lege of having tobacco shipped to him
in bales instead of in hogsheads.
If you allow this to go through, my
friends, it will not in any way affect
your revenue. If there is a man upon
the Ways and Means Committee who
will take five minutes or five hours
and will convince me or will con
vince himself, or will at the end of
the argument still claim in the pres
ence of this House that this bill will
affect our import duties by a mill, I
will agree to make no further de
mands. Yea, more than that. Your
Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
one of the ablest commissioners you
have had since the war, Mr. Yerkes,
came before your committee and said
that you could take this tax off the
back of the farmer and that it would
not affect the internal revenue tax by
a single cent.
My friends, you have read in the
daily papers of the conditions that
exist in western Kentucky and Ten
nessee. You have read the story of
the Night Riders, a story of lawless
ness and disorder in that country, and
the accounts are very greatly exagge
rated. No writer has yet taken the
trouble to paint to you the misery, the
want, the utter destitution that visi
ted that country when the tobacco
tenants for two long years got less
than 20 cents a day because the Amer
ican Tobacco Company arbitrarily in
ninety days reduced the price of raw
material from an average of over 7
cents a pound on over $60,000,000
worth of property.
You have never read how those
farmers peacefully organized and
stood together and held their crops
unsold for three years, until they se
cured a fair price for them, and you
have never read the story of the
lives of these same farmers of Ken
tucky and Tennessee for generations
before they beeamet he hapless vic
tims of a grinding and heartless
monopoly. In the midst of labor
broils, in the midst of war between
employer and employee, in the midst
of lockouts.and of strikes, in a hun
dred years there had been no friction,
there had been no strife, no jar be
tween the landlord and his tenant in
any of those 26 States. Three hun
dred thousand men for fifty years
tilled the soil in peace; 300,000 men
have for half a century lived as neigh
bors and friends with those for whom
they toiled, and 300,000 men had as
their sole ambition and highest de
side to add to the column of home
lovers and home seekers in this land.
On the fertile plains of Kentucky
•and Tennessee during all this era the
little patches of tobacco on hill and
dale furnished to the tumultuous
scenes of conflicting toil one quiet
haven. Hope and peace and plenty
cast their mingled delights around
them. Here in the midst of confusion
and lockouts on every hand was
labor’s very Eden.
But it is an unequal contest. There
is but one thing that will give them
relief. There is no longer any compe
tition in the sale of manufactured to
bacco, .and they want to sell it with
out manufacturing it. They want to
sell their tobacco just as they grow it,
just as the farmer has a right to sell
his wheat and his hay and his corn;
and you by a single amendment can
give it to them. Five hundred thou
sand men will rise up and call you
blessed if you do. One single solitary
commercial bandit will grit his teeth
in wrath and curse you if you amend
this law. It is James B. Duke, whom
your courts have indicted, whom your
President has denounced, standing
out, solitary and alone, against a host
of toilers. For whom do you stand;
the farmer or the trust? If you can
not defend this iniquitous provision,
for the sake of humanity and for the
sake of justice and for the sake of
common decency I appeal to you to
repeal this pernicious provision in the
organic law of the land. The Ways
and Means Committee has three times
reported a bill to this House repealing
this obnoxious act, and three times
when presented by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania (Mr. Dalzell) it
has passed this House without a dis
senting vote. Three times it has died
in the Senate; and I have produced
here on this floor the very telegram
that was sent in the name of an in
dependent buyer to a certain member
of the Finance Committee, whose
name I am not permitted to call, stat
ing that he wanted the bill killed.
I produced the man who sent that
telegram. He said that he was not
an independent buyer and Mr. Duke
sent for him and took him to his office
at 105 Fifth Avenue, New York, and
dictated that telegram, and that is the
only voice that has ever been raised
against the repeal of this infamous
enactment. Can James B. Duke run a
ground wire to the Capitol of the
United States, and secretly steal the
clothing from the back of a million
men and women, and reduce them to a
condition of almost abject servitude?
What are we asking? I am ashamed
to say it. Only a little relief for the
wretch who has toiled through heat
and cold and rain and shine to bring
to fruition a few leaves of tobacco.
They have at last mastered the mar
kets of the world, until today there is
not a manufacturer of tobacco on
earth save one to whom he can sell.
There is not a foreign, port which he
may enter.
This poor man cannot sell a leaf
of his tobacco anywhere on the green
earth, not in Germany, the Nether
lands, Portugal, France, Spain, Aus
tria, Italy, or South Africa, unless it
go to one purchaser; and we ask —
what? We ask that he may take in
his own hand a few leaves of tobacco
that he himself has grown, and start
barefooted down the road to find a
purchaser for them.
This brave tenant and his hard
pressed landlord are still sternly and
stubbornly battling with the trust.
They stand in the midst of poverty
and disaster, still unwilling to sur
render to their merciless master.
Princely fortunes, old and established
firms, almost omnipotent in the mer
cantile world, have been scattered and
blown to the winds. The anathema
of the law, state and national, this
trust successfully defies. In the face
of it all these loyal, determined patri
otic farmers of Kentucky and Ten
nessee, in the face of pitiless penury,
still stand by their homes.
There is one relief and only one —
the producer of tobacco must find a
fnarket not controlled by the trust.
3fcffersonlait
Locust Grove Institute
SUMMER SESSION begins June 15, and continues eight weeks. Instruction of
fered in Literary, Music, Expression, and Business Departments. Courses to meet
the special needs of pupils with deficiencie Splendid advantages for those desir
ing to “make up” work in high school grades and for those needing special coaching
and preparation for College entrance.
Teachers are from our regular Faculty and from Faculties of leading South
ern Colleges. Dormitories open for accommodation of both boys and girls. Board $8
to .$12.50 per Mo. For catalog and full information address Claude Gray, President,
Locust Grove, Ga.
I WHICH FARMER ARE YOU?
i fflrwSV XWIIPv
I -oM | l&j x \\\ \
Ci r y j
I Thi» farmer telephoned and— J \
H stayed at home.
I ■.
I 'T'HE MODERN,
I 1 progressive farmer fa™ _
no longer drives
to market without first telephoning and learning
I the prevailing prices. The Telephone saves these
unnecessary trips—saves wear and tear on stock
and equipment. By connecting with the Bell Sys
tem the farmer can talk from his home to distant
points. Under the Bell plan service can be secured
at low cost.
For information and booklet write to
nearest Bell telephone manager or to
Farmers’ Line Department H "Jk y.
SOUTHERN BELL TELEPHONE AND TELEGRAPH CO. (< b
60 SOUTH PRYOR STREET. ATLANTA. GA. X
I— _
DONT! THEY ARE LIVE WIRES!
Don’t read Tom Watson on Foreign
Missions—
It may spoil your night’s rest.
Don’t read Daniel Sully on Cotton—
It tells you why you are poor.
Watson Jeffersonian Magazine for June.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening .... O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, •loth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga