you postoffice order for same, and copy of
Jefferson’s Bible.
I should not be happy without the “Jeffer
sonian,” as it is the best magazine published
in America. I wish every voter was obliged
to read it. I have been fighting for those
principles since 1868, as editor and writer.
Direct both to 3103 Hobart Boulevard.
Wishing you success, I remain, yours truly,
G. MAJOR TABER.
IT WOULDN’T SUIT THE OLD MAN,
AT ALL.
Brookfield, Ga., Jan. 3, 1908.
Dear Sir: Please send the two Jeefferson
ians to M. T. Parish, Brookfield. Find en
closed $2.00 for same. Please send January
numbers, as he wishes to commence with the
new year.
How would it suit you to take Steve
Clay’s place in the senate?
R. L. GAY.
ALABAMA IS ALL RIGHT.
Hines, Ala., R. F. D. 2, Jan 1, 1908.
Dear Sir: Enclosed postoffice order for $2,
for which please send Weekly Jeffersonian and
your Jeffersonian Magazine for the year 1908
to the address of J. M. Allen, Hine, Ala.,
R. F. D. No. 7, Yours truly,
J. M. ALLEN.
NEBRASKA POPS WAKING UP.
Osceola, Neb., Jan. 22, 1908.
Dear Sir: I write to tell you that we have
had a meeting of our state committee —the
best attended meeting held by the committee
in three years—that the chairman and sec
retary have beeen instructed to issue a call
for a state convention for the purpose of
electing delegates to St. Louis.
In my opinion we will have a big delega
tion at the St. Louis convention, and we
would now like to know what Georgia pro
poses to do. We may not all agree upon de
tails, but we are terribly in earnest and pro
pose to do all in our power for the advance
ment of the reform principles for which
Roosevelt and Bryan have gained their pres
ent popularity.
Let me hear from you if convenient, and
especially along the line of anticipating
Georgia’s probable action. As ever, your
E. A. WALRATH.
A VETERAN WORKER.
Alto, Ga., Jan. 20, 1908.
My Dear Sir: I am over 70 years old and
not able to mix with the people much, but put
in a word every chance I have for you and
your periodicals.
I am proud of you and am in full accord
with you politicially. Your papers wherever
read is doing wonders. Keep up the good
work. May the Giver of all good guide and
protect. Yours,
JAMES H. GRANT.
HERE’S A ZEALOUS FRIEND.
Duster, Tex., R. F. D. 1, Jan. 20, 1908
Dear Sir: After some delay I will send
you my renewal for the Jeffersonian Maga-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
zine, with five new subscribers for the same
as per your card I received some time ago.
Money matters have been very tight with
us, and it was a hard job to get people to
subscribe, but I have it started now and
think I will be able to send in some more
subscribers before long, if the same offer holds
good. I will do what I can.
So well pleased with the magazine I don’t
see how any one can afford to be without it.
Wishing you great success, I remain, yours
very truly, S. A. LITTLE.
MR. WATSON LIVED WITH THIS FAMILY
IN HIS SCHOOL-TEACHING DAYS.
Egypt, Ga., Jan. 2, 1908.
I am sending you by postoffice order in
todays mail $6.00 for your magazine and pa
per. Yours truly,
G. M. THOMPSON.
ANOTHER LOYAL OLD FRIEND.
Farmersville, La., Dec. 28, 1907.
My Dear Sir: Enclosed you will find $2,
for which you will send me your magazine
and paper one year. Yours truly,
J. L. FRAZIER,
R. F. D. No. 1, Box 42, Farmersville, La.
HOW HE GOT THEM.
Prescott, Ark., Dec. 23, 1907.
Enclosed I hand you four dollars (draft),
for which send Weekly Jeffersonian to en
closed names. This is my Christmas gift, and
I am going to try to send you a New Year’s
gift, and I hope to make it better than this.
I got these subscribers by reading “A
Banker Butts In” in last week’s Jefferson
ial to a crowd of farmers.
When the acorns and hickory nuts are all
gone a hog will come to the call Pigee. Well,
the panic that don’t let go at the box-car
head liner of the plate dailies has a similar
effect on ■ some men. The people are getting
anxious to hear the truth and you are handing
it out in full measure.
As soon as I can spare the cash I want
your “Story of France.” I have your Na
poleon and Bethany.” Sincerely yours,
OLIVER S. JONES.
HE HITS THE NAIL ON THE HEAD.
Kendalia, W. Va., Jan. 13, 1908.
My Dear Mr. Watson: Herewith I enclose
$2.50 for the two Jeffersonians for one year.
My subscription to the weekly Jeffersonian
expired October 25th, 1907. I want to renew
it for one year from that date, and take the
monthly one year from this date.
I was glad to have you go to Washington
and “beard the lion in his den” on the ques
tion of issuing Greenback, the money of the
people, to stay the hand of the made-to-order
bankers’ panic. It is all right for the bank
ers to issue and use fiat money (clearing house
certificates), but it would never do for the
“dear people” to indulge in the same con
stitutional privilege.
I am a Peter Cooper greenbacker and I
hope to live to see the day when the people
will learn to use the rights which the Con-
stitution guarantees to them and cease to
farm them out to a few pet banks.
My first vote was for General Weaver and
my last one for Thomas E. Watson. I wish
you success in your great work. May God
help you to fan the last, dying embers of
Jeffersonal Democracy (Populism) into a full
grown forest fire that will scorch and wither
and damn the putrid carcass of Cleveland
Democracy and McKniley Republicanism.
With kindest regards, I am, sincerely yours,
O. D. HILL.
.Stellaville, W. Va.
THREE-YEAR SUBSCRIBER.
Brunswick, Ga., Jan. 21, 1908.
I enclose mail order for four dollars, for
which amount you will please enter subscrip
tion for magazine for three years and weeekly
for one year.
I may not live to read them, as I am on
life’s decline, being 66 years old, but do not
know of any legacy that I could leave my
children that would compare with this for
same amount of money.
With best wishes for phenomenal success
in the circulation of these papers.
J. J. SPEAM.
COULDN’T KEEP HOUSE WITHOUT IT.
My Dear Sir: Please find enclosed post
office money order for amount of $2, for which
please renew my subscription to your maga
zine and weekly Jeffersonian, as we don’t see
how we could keep house without it.
We are taking one daily paper and sev
eral weeklies, but I wouldn’t hesitate if I
had to do without either to take your paper
in preference to all others.
My children take a delight in reading your
paper. I consider every magazine worth 50
cents for their benefit. lam going to try and
get you some subscribers during the holidays.
YouxS truly,
C. W SPENCE.
Bremen, Ga., R. F. D. No. 1.
A THREE- YEAR TRIP FOR GEO. H.
CROMIE.
Dear Sir: Enclosed please find $3.00 for
the monthly Jeffersonian for three years,
starting January, 1908. Send to the address
below. I also wish to tell you of my en
joyment by reading your “Napoleon.” Bren
tano’s right!
Home you enjoyed that Washington dinner.
21m sure our president was “ de-lighted. ”
Sincerely,
GEO. H. CROMIE,
235 Chestnut St. Philadelphia, Pa.
SEED CORN
Best of the Prolific Varieties; thorough accli
mated, true to type, bred to grow thick, seed
carefully selected for six years. Best *for
Southern plaintin g. In 1907 made as high as
100 bushels per acre, weighed at shredder.
Prices, $2 per bushel, $1.25 per half bushel.
Special prices on large lots.
SUNNYSIDE FARMS.
W. R. Walker, Prop., Union, 8. C.
PAGE ELEVEN