The Ineffectiveness of Our South
ern Congressmen
lieu you ask a member 'of Congress from
the South why it is that he . and his col
leagues can't do something more than get
money for Public Buildings and for Rivers
and Harbors; something more than mailing
out negligible speeches and doubtful seeds,
what answer do you receive?
“The Republicans are in the majority, and
we can't do anything."
So long as these Southern men are re-elect
ed, term after term, it seems to be perfectly
satisfactory to them that the Republicans
SHOULD be in the majority. It relieves
them of responsibility. It gives them a
“King’s ’Scuse” for not even trying to do
anything for the relief of the people." With a
positive air of satisfaction, they say: “Why,
don’t you see that the Republicans are in the
majority? How can we do anything?”
If that reasoning is good, why should we
send anybody to Congress at all ? Why pay
fifteen thousand dollars apiece, every two
years, to workmen who tell you. in advance,
THAT THEY ARE UNABLE TO DO ANY
WORK? Why not let these incapables keep
their imbecility at home, where it won’t be so
terribly expensive to the public?
Is the excuse they give you a good one?
No: it is not. It is rotten, through and
through.
With only thirteen members in Congress,
the Populists killed the fore-runner of the
Dick bill, which converts the State militia
into a part of the United States Army, and
which gives the President the power to send
Georgia troops to Massachusetts, Pennsylva
nia troops to Georgia, and negro troops, of
o%e State, against the white people of an
other!
We slew that infamous Cutting bill; but
“the cat came back”, as the Dick bill, and
your powerful minority of Democratic Con
gressmen did not even make a combined and
strenuous fight on it. *
Why? Ask your Congressman.
The thirteen Populist members threw the
balance of power to the automatic car-coup
ler bill, which has saved so many a train
hand his limbs or his life. The railroads re
sisted the humane law with an active lobby,
under command of the President of the Lou
isville and Nashville Railroad. But after an
all-day and all-night struggle, we downed
them completely.
The thirteen Pops watched their chances,
and when the Short Session of 1893 was about
to expire by legal limitation, the big Post
Office Appropriation bill WAS SNAGGED,
by a little Resolution commanding the Post
Office Department to spend ten thousand dol
lars on experimental free delivery of mail
outside of cities, towns and villages.
And the two old parties, to get rid of that
little snag which threatened to stop the big
P. Steamer, just lifted the snag aboard.
Yet, these hypocritical Southern members
tell you that, in spite of their power in num
bers, they are unable to do ANYTHING.
Plague take their trifling skins! they
haven t even tried.
On the contrary, some of them have been
eager servants of the Pullman Palace-Car
Company. Others, of the J. P. Morgan rail
way interests. Others, of the Sugar Trust.
And so on, all the way down the line.
Not a single one of them has worked on a
plan of constructive statesmanship. Not one
of them has labored, with all his might, to get
definite reforms put into effect. Almost with
out exception, their records are barren of re
sults beneficial to the country at large.
THE GOD'S TRUTH TS, THAT THE
SOUTH MIGHT JUST AN WELL HAVE
SENT REPUBLICANS TO CONGRESS,
during the last fifteen years.
Under the leadership of John Sharp Wil
liams, the House Democrats voted with the
3effersoßlait
Republicans, and killed the only adequate
“Rate” bill that was presented; and they not
only exempted the Pullman Company and the
express companies from Federal supervision,
but they emasculated the Interstate Com
merce Commission itself.
Under the lead of Lon Livingston, the
House Democrats broke away from Champ
Clark, and went over to Joe Cannon, in suf
ficient numbers to insure Republican victory
—which, in turn, brought us the Aldrich tariff
and higher cost of living.
In the English Parliament, in the French
Chambers, in the German Reichstag, we have
seen the minor groups, with a mere corporal’s
guard of members seize opportunity after op
portunity to wrest concessions from the ma
jority party.
Why cannot the same thing be done by the
Democrats in Congress?
There is one explanation, and only one:
The men we send are. either incompetent
for that kind of work or they are not at heart
the friends of the oppressed common people.
They don’t do anything in particular, be
cause there is nothing in particular that thev
want to do.
Men and brethren! Let us have new
brooms! Then The Jeffs will get on the job
of making them sweep dean. Will not only
get on it, but stay on it.
Pass the watchword, Boys!
NEW BROOMS!
Space Forbids Dr. Lovett to Edi
torially Mention the Name
of Ellis!
Oh dear! This is a fgnny world. Men are
so queer. Even the women are. As for the
Suffragettes, language fails me—though my
vocabulary is extensive.
What 1 started out to say was, that the
Rev. W. C. Lovett, D.D., “spread himself”,
in his Christian Advocate, last week. Pulled
the throttle wide open, and went thirty-two
pages!
My! That’s going “2:40 on a plank road,
and what do I feed you for”!
Os course, one of the leading articles on
the editorial pages, where Brother Lovett il
lumines mankind at so much per flash, there
was “a piece” on the Bible Conference at the
Baptist Tabernacle in Atlanta. %
Yes, indeed: ’twould never have done to
have overlooked a memorable meeting like
that. I perused the piece. In fact, I read
after dear Bro. Lovett regularly. It rests
me. Varies my pabulum. Stimulates my
risibilities.
True, Dr. Lovett has more than hinted edi
torially that I am “an enemy to the religious
press”. But I ain't no such a thing!!! Why,
I derive so much pleasure watching Dr. Lov
ett trying to hold his temper and to ignore
the way in which we Gospel Mission editors
are gaining ground on him, that I really feel
a liking for the Doctor and his moribund
paper.
So, when the big 32-page edition came to
hand, I looked it over, as soon as the serious
business of the day had been finished. I’m
somewhat rigorous with myself; and do not,
as a general thing, take my recreation before
I’ve done my work.
Well, just as I had expected, I soon came
to dear Doctor Lovett’s edifying article on
the Bible Conference. The headline startled
me. It was in these very words:
“TWO NOTABLE ADDRESSES.’’
Hurriedly reading what followed, I dis
covered that the two speakers at the Bible
Conference who had made speeches which
were “notable”, were Doctors Dixon and
Meyer. Nobody else mentioned. Unearthly
silence as to Ellis—whom, with blare of
trumpets and toot of horns, they had sum
moned, from Pennsylvania!
After singling out, for honorable mention,
the names of Dr. A. C. Dixon and Dr. B. F.
Meyer, our dear Dr. Lovett wearily declared:
“Space forbids that we mention other speak
ers.”
WZ, I just do DECLARE!
I hirty-two pages, but no editorial room for
“our Mr. Ellis”.
A little while ago. and it was 'William T.
Ellis, and William T. Ellis, THAT:
and now they don't remember that he
“skinned M atson ’ at the Bible Conference.
Fame! How fleeting are thy fancies!
Fickle jade ’ thou wert lending Ellis to the
seventh heaven of notoriety, only a few days
ago; and now his name loses itself in the
slighting words, “Other speakers!"
Ah me, such is life.
Hardly does the name of the much acclaim
ed Pennsylvanian receive brief notice, in the
“News Comment", much further on, in this
32-page issue of the Advocate. And the sole
purpose of referring to him, even there, is to
let the readers know that Doctor Meyer and
Mr. Ellis testified to the high character of
the foreign missionaries.
* * * #
Not being able to locate the eminent Ellis
in any book of reference, I sent a letter to the
Philadelphia Press, asking about the gentle
man. The Editor of the Press replied, stating
that Ellis was not connected with the paper,
now, and had not been for more than two
years.
He’s not an Editor. In fact, he isn’t much
of anything, but a Negligible Noise.
* He * *
What do you think of a man who makes
the public statement that he had seen thou
sands of Chinese, together at one time, on the
ground, howling with hunger?
Doesn't your common sense tell you that he
prevaricated?
Os course, no such multitude could be col
lected at any one time and place, in a rural
community;'and as to the cities, China has
none with that many inhabitants.
He He He He
If they hire Ellis to travel in foreign coun
tries, and boost mission work, again they’ll
be wasting their money. Nobody will here
after believe any unsupported statement made
by him.
Canton is, by far. the most populous of
Chinese cities. The sum total of its inhabi
tants is only 1,600.000. And. of course, no
body ever saw all of them on the ground, at
the same time, howling for something to eat.
Men and brethren, tariff discussions have
familiarized me with tall and lusty and va
riegated lying: but since this wrangle over
Foreign Missions commenced—
Guess I'd better change cars, here.
Hon. Martin Calvin and Two New
Features in the Jeffersonian
When I emerged from the Wire-grass re
gion of Georgia, in 1876, and returned to my
old home to begin, in dead earnest, the battle
of life, one of the first men whom I listed as
a friend was Martin V. Calvin, of Augusta.
He had sold newspapers on the streets when
a boy and, at the time he and I became ac
quainted had become Agent for the Lippin
cott Publishing Company. No man that
ever knew Martin Calvin became his enemy.
It is simply impossible to hate him. My old
friend Jim Barrett tried to do it, but couldn’t.
For at heart Jim Barrett is a man of tender
ness and quick human sympathies—despite
the fact that he is such a promiscuous scrap
per that poor Pat Sullivan used to call him
The Red Indian.
In spite of the fact that the Tenth District
got as hot as—well, Halifax—in the Nineties,
and Martin was in Augusta, nobody ever ?
heard him say a word against Yours Truly.
Acted the gentleman, clean through, and al-
(CONTINUED ON PAGE THIRTEEN)
PAGE NINE