PAGE FOURTEEN
- CURB TRUSTS TO UPLIFT FARM
ERS, HE TELLS PRESI
DENT’S COMMISSION.
(Continued from Page Three.)
course as ranch as they should? No.
Why? Their under-remuneration
deprives them of the means for do
ing so.
What suggestions, etc. ? Prohibit
the agencies responsible for this un
der-remuneration.
What, in your judgment, is the most
important, single thing to be done for
the general betterment of country
life?
Abolish the monopolies and install
into full and free play the natural
law of competition for the adjustment
of wages and compensations. The
fanners will then have the means
with which to accomplish the general
betterment of themselves. Otherwise
our endeavors in the direction will
result in the main in disappointment.
It is of little use to expect a people
to progress when they are being rob
bed to about the extent the traffic will
bear, of the means needed to make
progress with. The back shove in
such event will always equal or over
balance the uplift. See that the farm
er and the common people get a
square deal. Then they will have the
means with which to purchase back
the wealth they have produced (ad
justing their efforts so as to create
what they shall desire in the way of
physical and intellectual comforts)
and there will no longer be a scour
ing of the earth to find a market for
overproductions. There will be no
overproductions —in lieu thereof it
will be betterments and betterments
and betterments on the part of the
farmers and common wealth-makers,
and we will not ship abroad except in
exchange for such quantity of non
indigenous commodities as our farm
ers and masses shall readily purchase
with the means they shall have on
account of the just remuneration they
will receive when protected from trust
gouging.
Now, as to the bringing about of
this most important thing for the gen
eral betterment. Well, it would not
be a difficult process. Nor would it
be hurtful in any way.
The submission of the common peo
ple to the imposition of trust exploit
ers is an utterly needless submission,
because the offenders could be suc
cessfully restrained by so simple a
device as a slight change in our pres
ent methods of taking property.
It is an absolutely excuseless sub
mission, because the trusts could be
prohibited by taxation without harm
to any particular interest.
It is a positively criminal submis
sion, for the prohibition of swollen
aggregations by this method of a prop
erty tax would render large wealth a
benefit to itself and society instead
of a detriment to both.
The prohibitive consists of such a
graduated property tax as will render
it unprofitable for corporations or
other bodies of capital to unite them
selves into monster all-controlling and
price-fixing aggregations.
It is merely the extension of the
tariff principle so as to operate
against the home gouger as well as
against the would-be foreign gouger.
W. V. Marshall.
A fall patch of Irish potatoes is
easily grown, especially if straw is
plentiful. Plant as usual and when
up cover with straw. They will not
need any further attention.
Bees should be kept dry and warm,
and should have plenty of food during
the winter. There is a strong temp
tation to rob them too closely, so that
they starve during the winter.
Potatoes and other vegetables which
are stored for winter are sometimes
put away too soon, while the weather
is too warm. As a result they do not
keep well. They should remain in
the open air as long as possible.
When there is danger of freezing they
may be put in storage.
It looks very careless to drop onion
sets as you would potatoes, or beans.
But we see it stated that they will
do just as well to open a trench, as
for peas. Drop the sets in and cover
them. Let them be three or four in
ches apart, and cover as you would
other seed.
Science is making such progress
that it is believed that most of the
diseases to which we are subject are
avoidable. Also many of the insect
pests may be banished or controlled.
The mosquito, the fly, the rat, etc.,
are all more or less under our con
trol, or at least their annoyances may
be reduced to a minimum.—Texas
Farmer.
NOT A DEAD ONE.
The hour was long past midnight,
but the young girl had not yet retired.
Moaning, wringing her hands, she
walked the room distractedly.
“Oh, father!”
A stately, white haired figure in
evening dress had entered.
“Father, speak. Has Winterbot
tom Hance killed himself? I heard
a commotion without at midnight—
a crack as of a revolver, a fall as of
a heavy body. I refused Winterbot
tom early in the evening, and as he
staggered from the room, despair
writ large upon his pale brow, he
swore wildly to take his own life.”
The old man’s eye gleamed as with
some secret joy.
“Refused him, did you?” he
chuckled. “Refused Winterbot
tom, eh? Well, I’m glad you did.
He’s just cleaned me out of $7 in a
poker game at the club.” —New Or
leans Times-Democrat.
A GENUINE GROUCH.
A certain farmer noted for constant
complaining was met by a friend one
morning.
“Fine weather, James,” said the
latter.
“For them as ain’t got to work,”
was the response.
“Your farm looks in fine condi
tion.”
“To them’s as ain’t got to dig in
it.”
“Well, Janes, I’m glad your
wife’s better.”
“Them as don’t have to live with
her may be!” —London Family Her
ald.
‘Blje S3kffersonlan
.uvniciv MAmiTvrnv I STANDARD MACHINERY
AMEKItAN WIALnINfcKY I Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
10 caiitn vARCvTn Saws, Pumps. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En-
49 SOUTH FORSYTH STREET Don>t buy until you g et our p r ices and
ATLANTA. « GEORGIA ca t al °g-. We sell everything in Machinery and
prices right.
Jeffersonian Premiums
You can get any of the following premiums by sending in subscriptions, or renew
als, as shown below, for the Jeffersonian Magazine at SI.OO, or the Weekly Jeffersonian
at SI.OO.
Full description of the premiums will be sent upon application to The Jeffersonians,
Thomson, Ga.
Every article offered Is the best that can be procured for the money. It Is not our
purpose to make a profit on these premiums. We have figured the cost as low as pos
sible, and offer them for the least number of subscriptions that we can.
FOR 15 MAGAZINE OR 15 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
A set of 26 pieces of Rogers’ Silver Plated Cutlery; retail price, sls.
Ladies’ Gold Watch, hunting case, 7 jewel; price sls.
Gentlemen’s Gold Watch, 7 jewel, guaranteed for 10 years; price sl2.
FOR 10 MAGAZINE OR 10 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Webster’s Imperial Dictionary, unabridged; price $lO.
Old Mission Pendulum Clock, cathedral gong; price sl2.
Dinner Set of 47 pieces, semi-porcelain, full size; price SB.
Monarch Atlas of the World; price SB.
The World and Its Peoples, bound in silk cloth; price $lO.
Old Mission Shelf Clock; price sl2.
Mission Lamp, iron pedestal, cathedral glass; price sls.
F. & W. Automatic Hand High-Speed Sewing Machine.
FOR 5 MAGAZINE OR 5 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Breakfast Set, 31 pieces, very handsome.
Red Letter Student’s Bible, flexible leather covers.
Egyptian Ebony Mantel Clock.
A Presentation Edition of the Bible, magnificently bound.
Daisy Traveling Clock.
FOR 3 MAGAZINES OR 3 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Twentieth Century Cook Book and Practical Housekeeping.
Ever-Ready Safety Razor.
Old-fashioned Razor.
China Cake Set, 7 pieces.
Fountain Pen, diamond point.
Pyrography Outfit.
FOR 2 MAGAZINE OR 2 WEEKLY SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Practical Farming and Gardening, 500 pages.
Eight-inch Adjustable Shears, never wear out.
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
1 - ■ ■ ■ ■ I -
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver-indigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
* —.»
The Doctor Durhams for three geaeratlona have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 80, 1906.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.