The Augusta Meeting Another Sig Success
On last Thursday night, Tom Watson en
tered the enemy’s country and delivered the
first Populist address he has made in Augus
ta for years. Standing room was at a prem
ium, and many could not gain entrance to the
Grand Opera House, wherein he spoke. It
was a signal evidence of the fact that all the
old factional bitterness has passed away, and
that our leader has battered down, by sheer,
unswerving consistency, devotion to Jeffer
sonian principles and constant championship
of the rights of the South, the old barriers of
prejudice which at one time in the ungrateful
years seemed mountains high. He is recog
nized as the representative of the purest party
ever known to Amriean politics, and as the
most forceful figure in modern statesmanship
and these are the reasons which bring the
crowds out to hear the new-old gospel of
“Equal rights to all, special privileges to
none.” Hon. James L. Cartledge, in,introduc
ing the speaker, gracefully said:
“We have met tonight to do honor
to a distinguished Georgian, who is an author,
litterateur and statesman. A man who, by
his ardent zeal and persistent devotion to the
political principles of Jefferson and Jackson,
has won a name and a fame as wide as this
continent and enduring as time itself. A man
whom the great common people love and de
light to honor, not alone for the enemies he
has made, or for the service he has rendered,
but for the strong and manly fight he is now
making against baneful party slavery and
political discrimination against the South.
“It is with profound pleasure, ladies and
gentlemen, that I present to you Hon. Thos.
E. Watson, populist nominee for the presidency
of the United States, the highest office in the
gift of the American People. ’ ’
It is quite impossible to give in full Mr.
Watson’s speech, because of the limited space,
but in view of the vicious efforts made in
Hon. Thos. E. Watson
WILL MAKE ADDRESSES AT THE FOLLOWING POINTS:
FAIRBURN, GA., Saturday, August 15th, at 10 a. m.
ELBERTON, GA., Wednesday, August 19th, at 10 a. m. /
ROYSTON, GA., Thursday, August 20th, at 10 a. m.
LAWRENCEVILLE, GA., Wednesday, August 26th, at 10 a. m.
• *
A regular schedule of Mr. Watson’s speeches will be printed in the Jef
fersonian during the campaign, and every voter in Georgia will be given an
opportunity to near him.
THE- JEFERSONIAN.
certain quarters to ascribe to him a fondness
for Taft, it is well to quote in full this ring
ing language which covers his opinion of both
the Republican and so-called Democratic
party:
“How are you going to tell a democrat?
You tell a republican because he stands for
special privileges for corporations, for the
interests of the few against the rights of the
many. Oh, how I hate them from head to heel,
with mind and soul! If it were in my power
I would crush out the political life of Taft
and his party before the rising of tomorrow’s
sun. But what about the democrats? They
will not stick to a system. They are fluctuat
ing and will not follow any plan for any length
of time. In 1896 Bryan and I stood on the
same platform, think of it I At that time I
believed principles were eternal, but Bryan
has changed since then. If you attempt to
follow the democratic party around now you
will have the blind staggers or else come down
to a state of mental imbecility. Bryan made
the kind of speeches then that I did. You
voted then for the principles I stand for and
if you do not do it now you are no longer*a
democrat. If Bryan was a democrat then he
is not one now.
“Bryan is now catering to Wall street,
gone back to the unconstitutional money
system by which speculators can force a
financial stringency at any tune. This joke
about injunction and immigration in reference
to the labor question is absurd. Bryan has
not said a word against European immigration,
though he has talked against Asiatic immigra
tion in an effort to catch western votes.
“As for me I stand on the national bank
question side by side with Jefferson, Jackson
and Calhoun. I take the same stand on the
tariff question. Why condemn me because I
stand on the principles of my fathers? I want
you to stand firm by your conviction and work
to bring back the old time prosperity of the
days before the war.”
Returning to the “Peerless” fraud of
Nebraska, Mr. Watson said:
“Bryan is catering to the negro element. He
is so certain that he has the vote of Georgia
and the south in his hands that he is now
figuring plans whereby he can obtain the
negro vote of Indiana, Ohio and Illinois. The
negroes are yet agitating the Brownsville
question and they’ve sent delegations over to
Fairview, Mr. Bryan’s home. They’ve been
received with smiles and fed on fried chicken.
Oh, think of it! The head of the Afro-Ameri
can league is dallying with Bryan. Make him
speak out and tell you how he stands on this
question. Watch and see what the Chronicle
will say about this matter. What will The
Herald say? The Charleston News and Courier
has already spoken. The Baltimore Sun has
spoken and you have a right to know if fried
chicken is to be used to get the negro vote.
I alone stand for disfranchisement. Hardwick
and Gov. Smith claim some credit for it, but
it was I who swung the populist support to
the measure which now guarantees you freedom
from negro domination in politics and I am
the lone exponent of this doctrine in the
national campaign.
“I long so much to see the time when we
shall have two parties in the south in which
white men can participate. It means freedom
of thought and expression, it means higher
education, it means that we can again send
great men like Crawford, Randolph, Toombs,
Stephens and others to the national capital
to represent us in making laws. How great
will be our country, how 7 thankful wall be our
noble southern women!
“I put it up to you, democrats, southern
men what are you going to do? lam fighting
for you, my plea is for you, my energy is being
expended for you and you must answer. ” T. D.
PAGE FIVE