PAGE SIXTEEN
Human Kindness or Cupidity
Appling and Glynn counties have
nearly had another illustration of the
price which is sometimes paid for the
law's delay; and yet there may be
some who will argue that human
kindness was at the bottom of what
almost became a tragedy.
Several months ago a young white
man was tried and convicted in Ap
pling county for the murder of a
farmer; the details of the crime were
such as to arouse public feeling very
strongly against the man in his home
county and to permit the carrying
out of the sentence of legal death
imposed on him, the officers of Glynn
county permitted the prisoner to be
housed in their jail, where he has
been accorded every attention and
given every comfort kind hearts
could devise for him.
Last week the wife and child of
the man were permitted to spend a
short while with him, and this kind
ness on the part of the jailor was
nearly paid for with his life.
The man had been supplied with a
saw and a knife, and the first he had
made good use of, as was testified
when some of the other prisoners in
another part of the jail heard the
sound of metal against metal; the
alarm was given and the result show
ed the prisoner was prepared to make
a desperate effort to escape, probably
when the jailer went to take him his
supper at night; and another phase
of the base ingratitude of the aver
age criminal shows itself when it is
recorded that another white man
was a prisoner in the same corridor
and could not possibly fail to see and
hear all the convicted murderer was
doing to effect his escape.
When the alarm was given by the
negro prisoners down stairs the jail
er summoned aid from the sheriff’s
office and from the police barracks;
when the upper corridor was reached
the prisoner was found in the cor
ridor, within easy reach of the jailer
when he would enter with food, and
a long knife, opened and ready for
use, showed that he was prepared for
a fight; and Glynn county’s jail
would probably be without a jailer
if the plans had carried as the man
had planned them.
The question is this: where is the
use in courts, juries and judges if
quibbles are to be made an excuse
for prolonging the lives of desperate
men, and making other lives the risk,
or the price, at which such protection
is to be given?
To come right down to plain
facts, we are permitting the law to
be too often interfered with, by
what is spoken of as “human kind
ness,” but what would prove to be,
on analysis, the skillful move of a
lawyer of more or less principle,
who was anxious for the notoriety
and the possible money to be made
out of further “consideration” of
the ease: we are all paying too high
a price lor the saving of worthless
lives, and it is time we had either a
suspension of the death sentence, a
revision of our criminal laws, or a
curtailing of the reasons and
grounds for indefinite postponement
of the court’s decree.
Which is it to be?—Brunswick
Journal.
DOES ANY “OLD CONFED” RE
MEMBER ISAAC JOHNSON?
Dear Sir: —I would like to know
if there is any old Confederate sol
dier living who served with my fath
er in the Civil War in Phillips’ Le
gion, Company D. Wimberly was
first Captain, later on Dodd was
Captain. He was captured the day
before Lee surrendered. He served,
counting time in prison, four years
and eleven days. Ts any one knew
Isaac Johnson in the Army, please
write me, and 1 will return postage.
J. B. JOHNSON.
LaFayette, Georgia.
When writing advertisers mention
The Jeffersonian.
z Echoes of the Sigel Murder
It will be remembered that not
withstanding the fact that every de
tective agency in the United States
has been presumably “doing all a
steer could do” —its best —the al
mond-eyed Mongolian who squeezed
the gizzard out of pretty Elsie Sigel,
his Sunday-school teacher, has never
been captured. He never will be
captured. He belonged to the Chi
nese secret society and it simply
paid him out of trouble. As to who
got the money deponent sayeth not,
but somebody got it.
For a time after Elsie was stran
gled, quite a righteous wave of pro
test against American Sunday-school
teachers for Chinamen swept over
the country. In the meantime John
said nothing. If he did it was spoken
in Chinese, and no one knew what
he did say. He is not a fool by any
means, so he kept on washing quietly
away, knowing that if the American
fanatics were left alone, they would
soon resume their same old game
and be urging him to come to Jesus.
His judgment was correct, as the
following telegram from Greensburg,
Pa., shortly after will prove. The
telegram was sent to the press short
ly after the Sigel murder, and was as
follows:
“Greensburg Chinamen have won
their fight to be taught singly by
women in Sunday-schools here. Fol
lowing the Sigel murder in New York
there was a complete disruption of
the Sunday-school for Chinamen in
the First Methodist Episcopal church
when the church council withdrew
the young women teachers and sub
stituted young men in their places.
The Chinamen said they would not
attend another session of Sunday
school unless American women
taught them, and they didn’t. They
insisted also on a teacher for each pu
pil. At first the demand had a tendency
to stagger the church council, but
the Chinamen have won out, because
it was considered that, as the class
sessions were held in the Sunday
school room and only on Sunday
mornings, there could be no objec
tion to the plan proposed by the Chi
namen. Yesterday the Sunday
school strike was broken and each
Chinaman was in his place with a
white woman as tutor.”
Now what do you think of that?
Do you really believe that the Great
Originator of Christianity ever con
templated that it was necessary to
furnish one young American girl as
a Sunday-school teacher for each in
dividual rat-eating Chinese coolie
that gets into this country on a
money-making tour? In China an
unmarried man never associates
with young women. These carrot
faced little opium fiends are as
treacherous as a he hog, and care no
more for the Christian religion than
a monkey cares for rhetoric. The
very idea of appointing a separate
female to instruct these miserable he
washerwomen in the religion of
Christ is such an outrage that the
Government ought to forbid it. If
these alleged religious cranks haven’t
enough sense of decency to discon-
ANOTHER “DREAM-CHILD”
f"Ski:
I
Thos. Watson Owens
Born July 19, 1908. Died December 31,1909
Gbe
tinue the practice, they should be
forced to do so by law. I have al
ways been of the opinion that the
man who would leave the United
States with its thousands of poverty
stricken unconverted natives and
chase off to Africa or China, ought to
be in an asylum for the feeble
minded. But even this clan is eclips
ed in imbecility by the person who
endorses the practice of furnishing
every lousy Chink who sneaks into
this country with a special young
female to teach him how to get to
heaven. I wonder if there is a lu
natic asylum in Greensburg, Pa.
There ought to be one.—K. Lamity’s
Harpoon.
Ed. Comment: Greensburg’s need
is not peculiar to itself. These luna
tics are not all in Pennsylvania.
A PROPER QUESTION.
“And now,” said the temperance
lecturer, in conclusion, “I- shall be
glad to answer any questions con
cerning the baleful results of the use
of intoxicants.”
A man with a red nose arose in
the audience and said:
“You have studied intoxication
for many years?”
“For thirty-two years, sir, and
I—”
“Well, I want to ask, in justice to
the drinking classes, if you ever in
all that time saw a drunken man
holding up a lamp-post as he is
usually pictured in the funny pa
pers?”—Life.
Agents in the cash prize contests
get their full commission on every
subscription and renewal.
CLEVELAND’S BIG BOLL COTTONSEED. Best Cotton in the South. Price,
bushel $1.25, 5 bushel lots $1.15 bushel, 10 bushel lots and over SI.OO
bushel.
COOK’S IMPROVED BIG BOLL, SCHLEY, KING’S EARLY, RUSSELL BIG
BOLL, and TATUM’S IMPROVED BIG BOLL at same price.
BROADWELL’S DOUBLE-JOINTED, $1.50 bushel, 5 bushel lots $1.35 bushel,
10 bushels and over $1.25 bushel. BROWN’S NO. 1 at same price.
MORTGAGE LIFTER, CULPEPPER and CHRISTOPHER, SI.OO bushel, 10
bushels, 90 cents bushel.
SANDERS’ IMPROVED and MARLBORO SEED CORN, $2.00 bushel, 75 cents
peek.
LOT EXTRA FINE BURT OATS, SI.OO bushel.
REGISTERED COLLIE DOGS of finest breeding. Prices to suit all.
R. D. TATUM, Fairview Farm, Palmetto, Ga.
80 CENTS FOR 20 NAMES
Send me 20 cents and names and postoffices of 20 farmers and I*ll
send you for two years the Illinois Farmer, big semi-monthly (big
Women’s, Fashions and Children’s departments). Regular ’subscrip-
tion price 50 cents a year.
JOHN M. STAHL, PUBLISHER, 1 J. P. Sta., Chicago, Ills.
Are You Looking for a Home?
Then investigate Colquitt County. Its farm-lands are unsurpassed by any
in the State of Georgia. Its population consists principally of white Geor
gians, who are prosperous and contented.
Correspond with us if in need of farm-lands either as a home or as an in
vestment. We are prepared to supply your wants, in either large or small
tracts, at very low prices and easy terms.
Perfect titles, well-drained soil, healthy climate, good roads, good schools
and churches in every community. Fine railroad facilities and excellent
nearby markets for all farm products. For further particulars write to us.
COLQUITT COUNTY LAND COMPANY,
Moultrie, Georgia.
MISSIONS EXPOSEdI
I By Thos. E. Watson I
A handsome book of one hundred pages. Price, I
25 cents. Premium for one new subscription to I
I Watson's Magazine or The Jeffersonian at SI.OO I
I THE JEFFERSONIANS THOMSON, GEORGIA I
HIS HAPPY r IDEA.
Blankson’s medical man had told
him that it would be necessary to
consult a specialist, but Blankson’s
soul was filled with gloom at the
prospect of parting with the fee.
“What do you think he’ll charge
me?” he asked.
“Five guineas for the first visit
and one guinea for every subsequent
one,” was the reply.
Subsequently a happy idea by
which he might avoid the payment of
the initial five guineas struck Blank
son. Dashing into the specialist’s
consulting-room, he exclaimed breez
ily, as he held out his hand, “Well,
doctor, here we are again!”—Lon
don News.
The actual cheating scales with
which the Sugar Trust robbed Uncle
Sam make an impressive court ex
hibit. The lords of the trust might
as well have run a brace game of
faro. —New York World.
Stein heimer’s MARLBORO Seed
Corn, 75 cents peck; $3.00 bushel.
Steinhei mer’s CLEVELAND Cot
tonseed, $2.00 bushel; 10 bushels,
$17.50.
See high record my Seed made
at Georgia Experiment Station.
My selling stock is grown from
same stock which I sent there
for those rigid, competitive varie
ty tests.
R. P. STEINHEIMER
Brooks, Ga.