Hearst Against *Bryan.
The Hon. Samuel Gompers, on mis
sionary work intent, cabled a message to
Mr. Hearst, who is in Paris, urging that
many-sided citizen to join the glad pro
cession of Talmadgites who are shouting
for our grape-juice statesman, W. J. B.
Hearst’s reply to Gompers was prompt
and smashing. It dealt the Peerless One
a blow that rings like battle-axe on helmet.
We have seldom seen so much condensed
in such brief space. We have never
known a strong case better put. That
telegram removes every doubt of Hearst’s
capacity for clear thinking, quick decis
ion and masterly statement. It is as fol
lows :
Tell Mr. Gompers that I am not authorized to
speak for the membership of the Independence
League, but according to my personal stand
ards, a purer patriotism consists in laboring
to establish a new party, which will be consist
ently devoted to the interest of the citizenship,
and particularly to the advantage and advance
ment of the producing classes.
Can Not See It That Way.
I do not think the path of patriotism lies in
supporting a discredited and decadent old
party, which has neither conscientious convic
tion nor honest intention, or in endorsing
chameleon candidates who change the color of
their political opinion with every varying hue
of opportunism.
I do not think the best benefit of laboring
men lies in supporting that old party, because
of a sop of false promises, when the perform
ance of that party, while in power, did more to
injure labor than all the injunctions ever issued
before or since.
- I have lost faith in the empty professions of
an unregenerate Democracy.
Lost Confidence in Leaders.
I have lost confidence in the ability, in the
sincerity, and even in the integrity of its
leaders.
I do not consider it patriotism to pretend
to support that which, as a citizen, I distrust
and detest, and I earnestly hope the Independ
ence party will give me an opportunity to vote
for candidates that are both able and honest,
and for a declaration of principles Liat is both
sound and sincere.
WM. RANDOLPH HEARST.
n n *
NEWS AND VIEWS.
(Continued from Page Four.)
caused the builders of this beautiful struc
ture to let their gratitude to the donor ob
scure their sense of that which is both sacri
legious and ludicrous. Pity we have not more
of the Wilkes spirit in such things.
May it Rise Again.
Into ashes has gone the Southern Female
College, established at LaGrange in 1842. It
was a beautiful old place, and one regarded
with much affection by hundreds of Southern
women who received their educations there.
Prof. M. W. Hatton, the president, was away
at the time the fire occurred and no insurance,
it is said, covers the loss. There is, in Geor
gia, no great College for Women, comparable
to Vassar, or Wellesley, or Columbia, and per-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
haps the destruction of this school may prove
the inspiration for a Southern college for the
daughters of Dixie that shall rank with the
best of those of the North and East.
*
MEANING OF THE MEXICAN OUT
BREAK.
(Continued from Page One.)
revolutionary seeds would sprout and when
reckless hands would begin using matches
about the gasoline,
‘‘Hard times is a universal complaint It
makes some sort of trouble for every ad
ministration affected. It gave a handle to the
enemies of Mr. Roosevelt. It has caused
trouble in European governments by forcing
fiscal reforms of uncertain issue, and it has
given the ambitious politicians of Mexico the
best possible opportunity to foment dissatis
faction with the Government. Mexico has
within a few months undertaken the nation
alization of the entire railway system follow
ing up the telegraph exploitation Radical
reforms have been considered in the currency
and banking of the nation, and the lack of
employment has given many people cause for
discontent, which cunning agitators could
shape toward their own ends.”
The striking story of Mexico’s growing
prosperity is told as follows by the New York
Evening Post:
“But if President Diaz has nothing to fear
from the present uprising, the question still
comes up, whether the rule of the strong hand
which Mexico has long felt has not been
allowed to remain too unrelaxed for the
country’s ultimate good. Order has brought
prosperity; that we hear every day of Mexico,
and, in spite of that, find the actual figures
nevertheless surprising. The census of 1870
showed a population of 9,908,000. This had
increased to 12,490,000 in 1895, and 13,605,000
in 1900. It must now be over fifteen millions.
When Diaz became President in 1877 the
revenue and expenditure of the Government
were each a little under thirty million dollars.
For the fiscal year ending today the revenue
is estimated at $98,835,000 and the expendi
ture at $92,966,000. But the wealth of the
country has increased in more than sufficient
propoition. When Diaz became President in
1877 the value of the year’s exports was
$29,285,000, and the imports two years earlier
had reached a total of $23,282,000. In the
fiscal year 1905-06 the imports were worth
$220,6 50,000 and the exports $271,138,000.
Our own trade with Mexico in 1877-78 was
worth $91,735,000, of which we bought about
two-thirds and sold one-third. In 1905-06 our
trade with Mexico was worth $325,600,000, of
which we were buyers to the extent of SIBO,-
000,000. In 1896 Mexico had 7,388 miles of
i ail ways. In 1906 there were 13,515 miles,
or almost double Diaz, therefore, means
prosperity; but how if Diaz dies? A political
dynasty can not go on under constitutional
forms. Would not Diaz have done better to
relinquish power a dozen years ago, in order
to give the Mexican people a chance to show
what they can do for themselves?” —Literary
Digest.
HATS OFF TO POPULISM.
For Missouri World, by W. S. Morgan.
Populism has become respectable.
It always was respectable but not so consid
ered in “polite society.’
It has not heretofore been invited to feasts
or been clothed in fine linen.
But it has kept right on hammering away.
Sometimes it had to lariat enough people to
make a scriptural audience.
It has been dead a thousand times—accord
ing to the old party politicians.
But the corpse has never ceased to move
and breathe.
Old party politicians have sat up at its
wake only to see it eat a hearty breakfast
the next morning.
The aristocracy of Kings is tottering along
the pike on its last legs.
The old lie that Kings rule by divine right
has been exploded.
The French Revolution spanked it into a
spasm, and common sense has given it the
cramps.
The aristocracy of chattel slavery was shot
to death on a hundred sanguine battle fields.
In the place of these two a new aristocracy
has arisen.
It is the aristocracy of wealth, stronger by
tenfold than was ever the aristocracy of chat
tel slavery.
The old conflict is still on.
Populism is arrayed, not against wealth,
but against the aristocracy of wealth.
It calls the bluff of the bull beef killers,
and the sick cow canners.
It flashes its sword in the face of the rail
road wreckers, and oily oil offenders.
It insists on the payment of that twenty
nine million dollar fine.
It demands that the gifted gamblers of
Wall Street be put in jail just the same as
any other law breakers.
It insists that public office be no longer con
sidered as an opportunity for public graft.
Populists have at last succeeded in getting
their case in court.
Bryan would offer his legal services, but we
know that he would compromise.
Roosevelt is pretending to plead our cause,
but he’s talking to the wrong jury.
Our case is up for trial and the day is set.
Watson, ably assisted, is pleading our cause.
There way be a mistrial on account of a
cowardly jury, but in the end we are sure
to win.
If we had now the thousand papers which
fusion shipwrecked in 1896 there would be
something doing.
From the few that are still in the field we
learn that the old time Populists are "waking
up everywhere.
The St. Louis convention was the bugle call
to action.
This re-awakening reminds me of a story I
heard ex-Congressman Howard tell several
years ago. We were both campaigning over
in Kentucky. On one occasion our appoint
ments came together, and Howard referred to
the charge that had been made by the politi
(Continued on Page Sixteen.)
PAGE THIRTEEN