THE ISSUE
EX-GOVERNOR JAMES K. VARDAMAN’S
PAPER FOR THE SOUTH
Published Every Saturday Morning at Jackson, Mississippi.
Vardaman was abused at first: he was called an agitator, an
alarmist, a firebrand; but at last the sober second thought of
the people began to waken and they began to listen. Today
what he has to say on the race problem, is the word of the su
preme authority. Combining all the knowledge of writers on
this question, from dawn of history to the present time, ap
plied and measured by personal observation and first - hand
knowledge, Governor Vardaman has a message to deliver of
huge import to the American people today.
If you have not seen a copy of the ISSUE, send us your
name and address, and we wilLmail you one without cost.
ASK NEWSDEALERS—THEY ALL HAVE IT ON SALE
Advertisers are afforded an excellent opportunity through
the columns of the ISSUE to reach every trading patron m
the State at reasonable cost. It is a silent canvasser and is sure
to bring results. Try it! Special low prices given on long
time contracts. Write us about this feature.
THE ISSUE HAS TWICE THE CIRCULATION OF
ANY PUBLICATION IN MISSISSIPPI
COMBINATION OFFER
The Issue, 12 monthssl.so
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, 12 monthsl.oo
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, 12 monthsl.oo
Totals3.so
ALL FOR TWO DOLLARS
Send all remittances to THE ISSUE, JACKSON, MISS.,
or WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN, THOMSON, GA.
SAVE A DOLLAR
Watson’s Magazine 1 gQ|||
The Jeffersonian J
THREE YEARS
FOR FIVE DOLLARS
CRAFTED PECAN TREES]
We have them in all the Varieties Worth While. The demand for
the best sizes and varieties of Budded and Grafted Pecan Trees is far
greater than the supply. ORDER NOW TO SAVE DISAPPOINT
MENT.
1909-1910 PRICE LIST:
1 to 2 foot size, 50 cents each or $45.00 per 100
2 to 3 foot size, 60 cents each or $55.00 per 100
3 to 4 foot size, 70 cents each or $65.00 per 100
4 to 5 foot size, 80 cents each or $75.00 per 100
5 to 6 foot size, 90 cents each or $85.00 per 100
OUR GUARANTEE If our planting instructions and advice as to the care of the
■' 1 trees are followed, we will replace free all over 7 per cent, that
die from natural causes, provided they are set out before February 15th.
ORDERS BOOKED NOW FOR FALL AND WINTER DELIVERY.
Delays pay no DIVIDENDS! Act NOW! ORDER TODAY!
THE C. M. BACON PECAN CO., Mitchell County, DE WITT, GA-
Jeffersonian
Practical vs. Ideal Socialism
DITOR JEFFERSONIAN: —I
noticed your comments on
Mr. Raoul’s claims for Social
ism in your issue of August
E
2 6th, and Mr. Raoul should thank
you for showing up the folly of.such
impractical ideas. We have had in
this section quite a following, but
they have been shown up so com
pletely that but few now can be
gathered together to make but a
small showing in politics.
What is Socialism, and what has
been the cause of so much discon
tent among the people?
Will our industrial people ever get
their eyes open enough to realize
that their interest is not in forming
an ideal, instead of a practical con
dition. Not realizing this the So
cialistic orator, or writer, will tell
you the “Trusts” are the legitimate
results of competition, which is ex
actly the reverse, as it is the want
of competition that fosters them.
Our Government in a measure repre
sents practical Socialism, in regard
to the postal, revenue and coinage,
and it is to be hoped that it will
carry the mail instead of paying
three prices to private corporations.
Reforms move slowly, and it is
hoped that in time every city in the
United States will own its water, gas,
electric lights as well as its street
cars at their original cost to the peo
ple. That would be practical Social
ism, but the ideal Socialist proposes
to own in common all the means of
production and distribution, gov
erned by no law but the dictation of
some local boss.
We are not living in an ideal
world, as we have to combat .these
formidable antagonists, ignorance,
greed, and monied aristocracy.
It is, however, an indisputable fact
that there is a discontent among the
people that, if judicially considered,
may bring about beneficial reforms.
An able writer states that; —“From
time immemorial, from the earliest
step in human advancement, in every
land that has secured a taste of civil
liberty, there has always been a par
ty of discontent. It is through these
parties of discontent that the ad
vancement of the race has been se
cured. No party of men that was
content, that was satisfied with ex
isting conditions, has ever advanced
the cause of humanity or civil lib
erty. It was the party of discontent
that established Magna Charta. It
was the party of discontent that
pitched the tea overboard into Bos
ton Harbor. It was the party of dis
content that tore down the Bastile.
Discontent brought our home rule in
Ireland, and from age to age, the
party of discontent, bequeathed from
sire to son, has worked out the sal
tation of the world.” Yet discontent
should always be confined to prac
tical lines.
The great stumbling block in So
cialism is, their ideas are imprac
tical, as I shall attempt to show r :
According to their own claims, they
propose not only to rob the owners
of all the machinery, and the land
owners of all the land, and to force
every man to work under their dic
tation. Benson, one of their ac
knowledged writers, says: “Under
Socialism, the medium of exchange
would be abolished and labor time
checks substituted in its place.” Just
imagine a minister, lawyer or doctor
carrying a pocket full of labor
checks, and using them in place of
money. If he desired foreign travel,
could he pay his passage with his
labor checks, and would foreign
countries accept our labor checks in
place of money? This wonderful
economist states in his book that the
medium of exchange had its origin
in ignorance and greed. Wouldn’t
that jar a South Sea Islander? That
is a specimen of ideal Socialism!
The Rev. George Littlefield in the
October Arena gives the reasons why
he is a Socialist. In brief, he says:
“Socialism means economic security;
it prolongs human life; fosters no
bler sentiments; makes religion real;
secures the home and saves women
from shame; inculcates temperance;
purifies politics; abolishes war; set
tles the labor question, and because
Socialism is inevitable.”
It would strike an ordinary mor
tal that this reverend gentleman was
in a fit condition for an insane asy
lum, and it is a wonder that the
Arena would publish such rot. The
Rev. W. C. Bowman, of this city,
publishes a book on Socialism, but
fails to point out the actual work
ings of that cult. One of the most
popular orators on Socialism, while
“orating” in this city, was asked the
question, “What Socialists would do
with the money held by Rockefeller,
Morgan and others?” His answer
was (and I heard it myself), “We
propose to take it.” Not only that,
they propose to take possession of
land and all manufacturing indus
tries, besides all implements of every
nature. That is the kind of Social
ism advocated in this section and in
the Western States, and I would ad
vise Georgia Socialists to think twice
before they unite politically wuth
such a band of would-be robbers.
I desire to make a fair statement
of what Socialism is by quoting from
a publication issued by Allen L. Ben
son, of Milwaukee, and I am in
formed by prominent Socialists that
he represents the sentiments of that
propaganda. I have a copy of his
book, and therefore copy his exact
assertions. He says that, “Socialism
would wipe out all class distinction
by compelling every able-bodied man
to work for a living, with a guaran
tee that he would receive the full
product of his labor.” Where would
a man’s liberty come in if he was
compelled to do that which he did
not desire to do? There must be a
tyrant to enforce such an edict. He
also claims that: “Labor made
Rockefeller’s fifty millions annually
through monopoly and unpaid la
bor,” while the fact is, he made that
money by knocking out competition.
There are thousands who receive
all, and much more than, they earn.
The minister, lawyer, doctor, profes
sor, artist and inventor and many
others receive all they earn, and
some more than they earn.
He also claims that: “Ninety bil
lions of the wealth of the United
States was all created by labor.”
Yet Lawson says that one trust made
one hundred millions in one night,
and that ten men made six hundred
PAGE FIFTEEN