The Lumber Trust owed its victory, that
time, to such platform busters as Adamson,
Bartholdt, Broussard, Clark of Fla., Dickson
of Miss., Dies, Edwards of Ga., Edwards of
Ky., Lee, Livingston, Lever and others whose
names appear on the Black List.
The second and third amendments of Mr.
Tawney were likewise thrown out by close
votes. Each of those amendments would have
become a law had such Democrats as Tom
Bell not deserted to the enemy.
In the letter to which reference has been
made, Mr. oell makes the point on Mr. Taw
ney that he voted against the De Armond and
Clark amendments. So he did. As a Republi
can, he felt that he could not consistently go
so far as to place all timber and all lumber on
the free list.
But his amendments offered immense bene
fits to the country, and would have dealt the
Lumber I'rust a staggering blow.
For that reason, such Democrats as Clark
and DeArmond voted with Tawney. For the
same reason, the Republicans almost solidly
voted against Tawney.
WHY DID TOM BELL SIDE WITH
THE REPUBLICAN LEADER ON THOSE
CLOSE VOTES, WHERE THE LUMBER
TRUST COULD HAVE BEEN WHIPPED.
IF THE DESERTERS HAD NOT GONE
OVER TO THE ENEMV r
« H *
A Correction As To Clayton and Dent
Os Alabama.
Our readers will remember that in the April
15 issue of this paper, we reproduced a list
of Congressmen who were alleged to have
voted in favor of the Lumber Trust and against
Free Lumber. We took this list from the
Baltimore Sun, a very trustworthy Democratic
paper.
Having had occasion, however, to examine
the official record of the Congressional vote,
we find that the names of Congressmen Clay
ton and Dent, of Alabama, were improperly
included in the list. These tw r o gentlemen
followed the Democratic leader, and voted in
accordance with the platform pledges.
We consider it a mere matter of justice to
voluntarily make this correction.
* * n
Here 's Another Parson.
Dallas, Ga., Route 7, May 19, 1909.
Dear Sir:
This is the first time I have ever written to
you, although I have been as strong a “Wat
son” man as there is in the United States. 1
think the principles you advocate are just and
right.
Mr. Watson, what I wanted to tell you was
that the second Sunday in May at Flint Hill
Church, in Paulding County, Presiding Elder
Jenkins preached a very good missionary ser
mon. Just at the close of his sermon he said
that there was A VERY PROMINENT MAN
WHO HAD BEEN PUBLISHING LIES
ABOUT THE MISSIONARY WORK. He
said that they did not pay them to come to
school, but they had to charge a high tuition
to keep the schools from being so badly crowd
ed. He did not call your name, but all your
friends knew who he was referring to.
Your friend,
W. T. F. Thomas.
Who, me? Does Parson Jenkins mean to
say that I have been publishing lies about the
missionary work?
If so, he is hereby invited to file a bill of
particulars. What lie have I published? Par
son Jenkins commits a grievous sin when he
goes into his pulpit and accuses me or any
other man, of publishing lies of any kind,
unless he is prepared to show that his state
ment is the truth.
I challenge him to specify the lies!
It was a Baptist preacher who published the
statement that heathen children had been paid
Jeffersonian
to attend the Christian schools. That preacher
spent 50 years of his noble life in the Chinese
mission field. His name was T. P. Craw
ford. He and his wife had the school and paid
the money,— hence he knew what he was talk
ing about. Throughout the foreign mission
field, the Christian evangelists make a regular
business of giving free tuition, school books,
school-houses, church-buildings, free board,
free medicines, free medical treatment, free
clothing and other relief to physical neces
sities.
If Parson Jenkins stated that “they had to
charge a high tuition to keep the schools from
being so badly crowded,” the most charitable
explanation of his incorrect assertion is that
he has pinned his faith to something said by
somebody else. The statement is wholly in
accurate and comprehensively deceptive.
Leaving out of the case the methods of other
denominations, and confining our investiga
tion to the work of the Methodist Episcopal
Church, South, it is an easy matter to demon
strate the lack of truth in the statement of Par
son Jenkins.
In last week’s paper, appeared a list of
Methodist schools, in foreign fields, which was
kindly furnished me by Mr. W. W. Pinson,
secretary of the Board of Missions of the M.
E. Church, South. That list shows that even
the boasted Soochow University costs our
Methodist brethren $5,000 per year, while the
Granbery, in Brazil, hits them for $7,100. And
right now the Granbery is clamorous for
$150,000 for larger buildings and play grounds.
The Official Report of the Board reveals the
fact that in Korea the missionaries were trying
to collect tuition fees of five cents per month,
and were not entirely succeeding. The same
Report discloses the free tuition feature and
the free board feature, throughout the foreign
field.
Whv don't these Parsons read the Reports
published by their Conference? 1 have read
their missionary pamphlets, papers, books, and
Conference Reports. My desk is piled up
with the best sources of information. My
statements are based upon these authorities.
Isn’t it a shame that I should be publicly
denounced from the pulpit as a liar by parsons
who will not take the trouble to study the
regular official reports made to the annual
Conference of their own Church?
* * M
Write It On My Tonbstone.
Commenting editorially upon the efforts the
Jeffersonian has been making to arouse the
common people against the robber Trusts,
“The Washington Herald” says,
“Mr. Watson has long championed the cause
of the masses against the classes. He is close
to the common people, if anv man is. His
following is surely made up of consumers. \Ve
never heard of a capitalist who had a very kind
word for Tom Watson; BUT WE NEVER
HEARD OF A PLOW-HAND WHO HAD
NOT.”
It is something to have so lived and worked
as to win the tribute of that last line. One of
these days, the frozen hands will be folded,
as the restless toiler enters the dark house
and the long rest. Those who love and survive
me could not easily find words for an epitaph
that would please me better than the generous
testimonial of this brother editor.
The capitalist needs no champion—he is
able to take care of himself; it is the man at
the plow-handle, the man with the hoe, the
man at the forge, the man with the pick and
snovel, the man in the mine aim quarry, the
man feeding the engine, the man at the throttle,
the man in the mill and the stock-yards; the
man, woman and child that is “fordone at the
wheel of labor,” —these are the people of the
whirl-pool who need champions to plead their
case, to fight their battles, and to do it year
in and year out without much help or encour
agement from the poor people themselves.
Editorial
By J. D. Watson.
A heated controversv is raging over the
question of Mr. Lincoln’s stand on Prohibition.
What folly! We think that those people who
try to prove that a certain policy is right or
wrong, because some prominent man favored
or opposed it, make themselves ridiculous.
More especially, if the said prominent man
was a professional politician..
The Prohibitionists introduce testimony to
prove that Abraham Lincoln was on their side;
the Antis appeal to Mr. Lincoln’s legislative
record to show that he not only voted against
Prohibition but went so far as to vote against
a law which forbade barrooms in those towns
and counties where a majority of the citizens
protested against liquor-selling.
We shouldn’t wonder if the alleged evidence,
on both sides, were genuine. Mr. Lincoln was
a politician.
But what does it prove, to demonstrate that
he was for, or against, Prohibition? Nothing.
Conditions have changed since his day and
his own town and State are not what they
were then. Besides, a moral question is in
volved in legislation of this kind, and in moral*
every man’s own conscience should be his
guide.
Alexander H. Stephens was intellectually
the equal of Abraham Lincoln, and morally
not his inferior, by any means; yet Mr.
Stephens was consistently and fearlessly an
opponent of Prohibition. The first fight he
made in Taliaferro County, in a race for the
Legislature, was in favor of the open barrooms,
and his victory was decisive. But later, there
came a change over that people, and Mr.
Stephens’ home county is now in the Prohibi
tion column.
Every man, woman and child in Taliaferro
reveres the memory of “the Hero,”—as indeed
all Georgia does, —but his well-known opinions
on that particular question go for nothing now.
Times have changed. When Mr. Stephens
was young, a prohibition law could not have
been enforced in his county. Public senti
ment to uphold it, was lacking. Wise states
men are well aware of the principle that ef
fective legislation can advance no faster than
the moral and educational movement of the
masses. Particularly, is this so with laws
which forbid the doing of things which are
not, in themselves, wrong.
All mankind are in practical accord as to
things which are wrong in themselves, —such
as murder, arson, theft, —but when we come to
things which are wrong because they are pro
hibited — such as selling seed cotton at night,
using the flag for advertising purposes, carry
ing concealed weapons, selling wine and whis
key and beer, —angry clashes of opinion take
place.
*
The New York Court of Appeals has just
handed down a decision which about gives the
Tobacco Trust absolute control of the tobacco
trade in that State.
The Court holds that the Trust does not
restrain trade when it refuses to sell its goods
to an independent dealer.
And the Trust considers every dealer not
absolutely controlled by the Trust an inde
pendent dealer.
If this is a sound decision under New York
laws, it is time for the lawmakers of other
States to get busy.
If your State law is similar to New York's,
you must see that your representatives repeal
them by enacting new laws to take the place
of the old.
if your State law is not far reaching enough
to cover such a question, see that your repre
sentatives enact plain, simple laws that do
protect the independent dealer.
For what the Tobacco Trust can do other
Trusts can do.
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE