PAGE SIXTEEN
1 FOREIGN MISSIONS! I
3 What do you know about them? Os course, you have your idea,
we all have, ranging from great reverence all the way to a humorous
jßg conception of the missionary as a cannibal delicacy, but what is the gp
fl true situation? HOW MANY MILLIONS are poured’ out in foreign
2 fields? WHAT DO THESE MILLIONS ACCOMPLISH? IS THE C
fl WORLD BETTER, or WORSE, because of the foreign mission idea?
19 Read Watson’s Jeffersonian E
g Magazine for April g
2 Whether you believe in foreign missions, or whether you don’t, E
fl you will be the loser if you don’t read Tom Watson’s latest editorial &
2 on this vital topic. Nothing more timely, more striking, has ever Qr
come from his pen. fl
Then, there’s a story by Lafayette McLaws, this time, a story fl
that will ring, like a midnight alarm, upon the consciousness of fl
Southern people. Yes, it’s on the race question—and it is new, and fl
deep, and full of meaning. Os course you’ve read "The Clansman”? fl
Well, this isn’t a book, it is only a short story, but you will remember Bj
The Harvest I
long after you’ve forgotten every incident of Dixon’s books, and this E*
is said in all appreciation of him as a writer of things of gripping
interest. R
The magazine is brimming with excellent things,—there’s a E
broad view of the outgoing and incoming administrations, a glance at fl
the inauguration and the events throughout the world; some mighty E
good fiction and verse, cartoons and a great deal of that truthful, fl
eyewitness kind of history that it is impossible to get, in compact fl
form, anywhere else. fl
Ilf you are not a subscriber, now is the time to get in on this fl
April issue. And if you are, you are practically certain to want fl
some extra copies for your friends. Mr. Watson’s views on foreign fl
missions have already aroused ecclesiastical circles, and this last fl
article is eagerly awaited. Don’t miss either side of the argument, fl
Orders sent in now will be taken care of. If you wait until the E
edition is exhausted you will probably be sorry. , fl
Sub. price sl-00 a year. Ten cents per copy. 2
ADDRESS: fl
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga. |
eTHE GREATEST BARGAIN EVER
We are going to send 5,000 of these embroidery outfits to the first 5,000 persons
asking for them merely at cost of handling. They contain 6 Linen Doilies, with
silk to complete: 1 Linen Collar and Cuff Set; 6 packages special Embroidery
Needles. All first Quality. We will send Farm News, the biggest little paper In the
world for the farm home, on trial four months for 8 cents. Send 7 cents for the
doilies and 8 cents for a trial subscription, 15 cents in all. Either offer separately
if desired. Address FARM NEWS, 245 Washington St., Spring?eld, O.
HER ANSWER.
Today, dear heart, but just today,
The sunshine over all,
The roses crimsoning the air,
Along the garden wall I
Then let the dream and dreamer die;
Whate’er shall be, shall be —
Today will still be thine and mine
To all eternity.
And oh, there is no glory, dear,
When all the world is done,
There is no splendor lasteth out
The sinking of the sun;
There is no thing that lasts, but one,
When we have turned to clay,
But this: You loved me —all the rest
Fades with the world away.
So little while, so little while,
This world shall last for us;
There is no way to keep it, dear,
But just to spend it thus.
There is no hand may stop the sand
From flowing fast away,
But who turns the whole glass d’own
And dreams ’tis all today.
—John Bennett, in N. Y. American.
AN EXCELLENT PAPER.
The February number of Tom Wat
son’s Jeffersonian Magazine contains
one of the most thoughtful, learned
and altogether rational articles on the *
race question that has been written by
an American.
In this article Mr. Watson under
takes to refute and expose the idiocy
of a certain editorial which appeared
in William R. Hearst’s great paper,
the New York American.
Like everything from the pen of
Mr. Watson, his discussion of this
question is brilliant and original.
It is peculiarly Watsonian.
This one article alone is worth ten
years’ subscription to the magazine.
It ought to be in the library of every
thoughtful American.
I commend it especially to Presi
dent-elect Taft, whose childish igno
rance and good natured hopefulness
on the race question calls for just
such medicine as Watson’s article af
fords.—The Issue.
ADDITIONAL CAMPAIGN CON
TRIBUTIONS.
D. B. Cooper, Pinson, Tqnn SI.OO
A. M. Nichols, Leesville, La 10
J. L. Gardner, Locust Grove Ga.. 1.00
Samuel W. Gardner, Locust
Grove, Ga 1.00
M. M. Gardner, Locust Grove, Ga. 1.00
‘Seffersonlan
You Need it in Your Home
■ THE
Southern Ruralist
OF ATLANTA. GA.
Is the Greatest Agricultural Paper In
the South today. It covers every de
* partment of the farm and home. We
have examined it carefully, and con
sider THE SOUTHERN RURALIST
the most valuable premium can
offer our readers. It comes twice a
month—24 times a year. A sample
copy will be mailed free to any one
on request.
The most valuable thing about the
Southern Ruralist is the Prize Spe
cials, which are published on the first
of each month. The Ruralist pays
$20.00 each month for the best arti
cles from its subscribers on special
sub j ects > sueh « Fall plowin«>Poul
try» Fertilizers, Farm Tools, Gardei
ing, Fruit Growing, Stock Raising,
Dairying, etc. These articles come
from every part of the country. They
THE SOUTHERN RURALIST are . Wr !“ en b f wh °. d ° the ™ rk
Subscription Price Si.oo & year. It goes to and give actual experience. They
100,000 homes already. You should belong to will help YOU aS nothing else will,
this big' family. v °
REGULAR DEPARTMENTS AND STAFF WRITERS
Dr. H. E. Stockbridge Agricultural Editor; F. J. Merriam, Garden Depart
ment; Professor T. H. McHatton, Georgia Experiment Station, Horticulture
Department; Professor C. L. Willoughby, Georgia Experiment Station, Dairy;
Professor P. N. Flint, Georgia Experiment Station, Live Stock Department; Dr.
C. A. Cary, Professor Veterinary Science, Alabama Agricultural College, Veter
inary Department; Judge F. J. Marshall, Poultry Department; Mrs. F. J. Mer
riam, Home Department. A good story or serial in every number.
Every issue is worth the price of a year’s subscription to the man who will take
and read THE SOUTHERN RURALIST.
SPECIAL OFFER.—The Southern Ruralist free or two papers for the price of one.
By special arrangement with the Southern Ruralist we are able to offer
it to our friends free with a year’s subscription to this paper at
ONE DOLLAR
Remember: Both papers for SI.OO
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver-indigestion.
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Dnrhami for thre« foer&tloaa have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the mattei of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy la, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, bnt without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and Is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply laxative
remedies—acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of Its efficiency In all liver troubles.
Here Is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
"Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
‘‘This la to certify that I was formerly a great suiferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package In tins, 18 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June SO, IBOS.
r
GIVE AND TAKE.
The Man (new arrival at summer
hotel) —I suppose there is no prohibi
tion of kissing at this resort ?
The Maid (demurely)—No— merely
local option.—Puck.
This ELEGANT Wateh $3 ■£&
cpH" Huntlns oase beautifully engraved, gold finished through-
out,thin model, etam wind and (torn Mt. fitted with a rich-
If Jewe>*4 movement guaranteed 20yaars.with long
gold plated chain fur ladles or vest chain foe gents.
,F YOU SEE IT YOU WILL BUY IT
Let us Mod ItC. 0. D. by express for your examl
nation and if you think it a bargain and equal la
appearance to any 116.00 gold filled watch pay the
express agent our special sample price >3 50 and
WMHISEZISeWWW * x P r *** Chargee and 11 li yours. Our SO year guaran
tee and chain sent with each watch. Send your name
poet office and express office address, mention If you
wish Gents or Ladies site and we will send at once.
,CHARBER,<S2,22&D«arbornBt Cblcage 11l