PAGE EIGHT
Ohe
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January- 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. July 1, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
•r exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Home and Foreign Missions
The preachers have misunderstood my po
sition on foreign missions. This misunder
standing has led some of them—innocently, I
hope,—to misrepresent me.
Readers of the Jeffersonian know that I
have repeatedly declared myself in favor of
Me right kind of missionary work. The Scrip
tural plan and the Apostolic model command
my reverent support. But what I do say is,
that the founding of secular schools and col-
and the subsidizing of native converts
is altogether wrong in principle and devoid
of Scriptural authority.
I mean to do all in my power to make our
people see the folly and THE DANGER of
draining this country of its money to give
secular education and industrial training to
the yellow, brown and black children of for
eign lands, when we need every dollar we've
got for similar 'use at home; and when the
governments of those foreign people are offer
ing splendid facilities for the education of
those foreign children.
Ihe wealthy Northern philanthropists are
crazy on the subject of negro education and
social equality in the South; and nearly every
little nigger is in school, while tens of thou
sands of our white boys and girls are in the
field or factory. And yet some of our preach
ers seem to be wild on the subject of taking
money out of the South to educate negro chil
dren in Africa, yellow children in China, and
brown children in Japan and India.
In the name of God!—what will be the
South's future, if Yankee millionaires keep
<m with their plans for negro education and
social equality, while the fanatics keep on
clamoring for money to furnish secular edu
cation throughout the heathen world?
Here lies an appalling danger to the South,
and 1 am trying to get the people to see it.
Ihe preachers ought not to denounce me:
they should study my position and come to
m.y aid—EOß I AM RIGHT.
Dr. W. 11. S mith, in the Christian Index,
says that I was in error about that gold let
tered church in Soochow: says it cost only
$2,000. and the money was a gift from Mrs.
Annie Yates Seaman, The clipping from
which I got the facts did not so state, but the
correct ion is cheerfully made.
Dr, Smith takes me up. also, on the matter
of missionary salaries. My statements were
taken from Mission Economics^ — a book
whose author was a missionary of great ex
perience.
Dr. Smith hardly wishes us to believe that
missionaries are not well paid, and that the
colleges and churches we have built abroad
have not cost us large sums. For instance.
$(>0,000, gold, was invested in the college at
Shanghai, as 1 Jearn from the Baptist Mis
sionary Magazine, for May, 1909.
It would be easy to enumerate many o'thers.
Ah. if Miss Emma Perry, of Laurens Coun
ty. Georgia, had l>een given one-tenth of that
$(>0,000! She. noble little women! is conse
crating her life to the uplift of poor white
'Seffersoaiaft
boys of her own State. Would that we had
in the South ten thousand such schools as
hers, and that of Miss Martha Berry; and
would that we had a thousand such colleges
as the Young Harris and the Reinhart and
Waleska, —where poor boys who are willing
to work can knock at the golden door of op
portunity and have it open unto them.
How can any right-minded Southern man
or woman abuse me for being on this line?
• El El El
Beautiful Finance
The Federal Government has a deficit of
more than ninety million dollars. To that ex
tent the outgo has exceeded the income. Yet,
somehow or other, those who manage our na
tional funds feel able to continue to lend the
national banks seventy-four million dollars,
WITHOUT INTEREST.
And although Uncle Sam is in a monetary
tight, no one would dare to use a dollar of the
Gold Reserve of $150,000,000. That mountain
of metal is heaped up, idle in the Treasury,
under the pretense that it is needed to but
tress THE NATIONAL CREDIT.
If a private citizen should manage his busi
ness as the Federal Government manages its
own, he would be universally considered
crazy. _
El El E)
Scout Cars and Good Roads
The Jeffersonian courts no fame as an old
fogy, and has no disposition to cater to the
popular prejudice against automobiles. The
motor car is here to stay; the airship is on its
way, and we might as well agree with tortured
Galileo, that the world does move, orthodoxy
to the contrary notwithstanding.
But while the auto has come to stay, all of
us must recognize it as a very dangerous ma
chine —dangerous to those who travel in it, as
well as to those who don’t.
Every good citizen should favor good roads
and, so far as we know, he does. Scout cars
and newspaper whoop-her-ups are not neces
sary for that. All of us want good roads for
all of us. It wouldn’t be fair to tax the whole
county to give automobiles a good road from
Atlanta to Macon, and from Macon to Savan
nah, etc.
Comparatively few people in each county
traversed by such a highway would participate
in the benefits. If our road-system, which now
bears somewhat heavily on the under dog, is
to be changed, let us adopt a plan which will
distribute the advantages equitably.
Besides, we should adopt some definite “law
of the road,” adjusted to present conditions.
We should prescribe, under reasonable penal
ties, the duty of the drivers of all vehicles, and
the duty of all vehicle drivers toward people
on foot.
Which side of the road must meeting ve
hicles take? Shall each turn to the right, or
to the left? Make a rule on the subject and
penalize each violation of it.
What warning must the auto give to the
buggy, or carriage, or wagon, or pedestrian?
Settle on a rule, and make it compulsory, with
penalties.
Who has the right of way, when the ques
tion of precedence arises? No road law should
pass which fails to meet this question.
Then, again, there is the speed limit, and
the policing of the road. Non-resident motor
ing parties are in the habit of coming through,
at a forty-mile clip, as though it were the duty
of all creation to scoot out of the way. “Clear
the track !” is the reckless motto by which too.
many of these touring cars are driven.
No state should adopt a road law which
fans to deal justly with all parties, those who
have autos and those who haven’t. It is usu
ally the non-resident who does devilment with
the automobile. Those who reside in the com
munity find in public opinion a power which
of itself is sufficient to safeguard the travelling
public. It is the stranger who doesn’t care
whose team he frightens into a runaway,
whose vehicle he smashes, and whose wife or
child he hurts and kills.
Now, this being so, the proposed new road
law should be very carefully drawn with ref
erence to protecting the home folks against
these reckless strangers.
The bill which will be offered to the Legis
lature is fatally defective. We call the atten
tion of members to that fact, and warn them
to be on the watch-out.
Its verbiage shows conclusively that it was
drawn by a Northern lawyer, in the pay of
some automobile association. It gives altogeth
er too much to the non-resident motorists, not
nearly enough to the people who are to be
taxed to construct and maintain the roads.
* ■ El El El
Robert Toombs and the Railroads
The Washington Post in a recent issue had
an appreciative and discriminating editorial
on Robert Toombs, and in the course of it
quoted William H. Seward as saying that
Toombs’ was “the greatest intellect he ever
knew.”
We have frequently taken occasion to ex
press our own opinion as to the magnitude of
the mental gifts of this wonderful Georgian.
One of the most remarkable things about
him was that while personally an aristocrat
of the proudest type, he was in political prin
ciple a thorough-going Democrat. His heart
went out to the common, everyday people,—
those who are unorganized, and who cannot,
in the nature of things, be organized, to resist
the ferocious initiative of concentrated capi
tal, corporate wealth and governmental
wrong-doing.
The last fruitage of Mr. Toombs’ intel
lectual tree is to be found in the Georgia Con
stitution of 1877. In framing our corporation
laws, he took advanced ground, endeavoring
to give to our people some of the advantages
enjoyed by the people of Continental Europe.
The Federal Government today is struggling
with difficulty,—and no very great success, —
to reach the high ground upon which Toombs
placed Georgia thirty-two years ago. Had
we lived up to our organic law, our condition
would now be practically that which blesses
the people of Germany and Switzerland in
their relations with their transportation com
panies. But, in one way and another, our ad
vantages, secured by the adoption of the new
Constitution which Toombs made for us, have
been frittered away. The people themselves
have either been ignorant or careless; they
have slept over their rights. The legislatures
have either been neglectfid or corrupt; they
have allowed the railroads to trample upon
the Constitution. The Executives have not
been vigilant and courageous; they have al
lowed non-resident corporations to act pretty
much as the absentee landlords have acted to
wards Ireland. The State of Georgia has
simply been a distant estate in which the Wall
Street owners had no further interest than
that of merciless, insatiable exploitation.
One of the provisions of the Constitution
'of 1877 went upon the assumption that it is
illegal for one railroad corporation to buy
stock in another. If this isn’t the law, it
ought to be, for. we have seen a railroad
king, like Harriman, use the securities,
the credit and the money of one railroad to
buy a controlling interest in another; and
with first one railroad and then another made
his stepping stone, this giant has stepped
from ocean to ocean and from the lakes to the
gulf on his march of conquest. We have also
seen railroad companies, departing from
the purpose of their charters, buy up coal
lands and iron ore beds and thus become mo
nopolists in other fields than those of trans
portation.
It will readily be understood that if a rail
road charter is the authority by which a trans
portation line can get into every other Busi-