PAGE FOURTEEN
Rev. L. S. Ewton Stops His Paper
And Proposes to Destroy Our Busi
ness, if He Can, Because He
Doesn’t Like our Attitude
on “Foreign Missions.’’
The editor of the News is in re
ceipt of the following letter, which
we publish verbatim, —that is to say,
just as it is written, —from Rev. L.
S. Ewton, of Watertown:
“Watertown, Tenn., Jan. 14, 1910.
“Mr. Sam Stockard,
Carthage, Tenn.
“Dear Sir: I have just finised
reading your wonderful answer to
Brother McClaren’s article on Mis
sions. Your answer shows extreme
ignorance or a malicious desire to
misrepresent the plane facts. If the
people of Smith County, had any con
fidence in what you say, it would
take a generation to get over the evil
effects of that article. It seems that
about the only information you have
on the subject is what you gathered
from a tramp that happened to inter
view the editor last winter. The re
mainder of what you say is Out
the abundance of your own heart.
I am pastor of two churches in
your county and during the year I do
quite a lot of work in the county and
I want to notify you now that I am
going to do all I can to keep the peo
ple from taking or in any way sup
porting your paper. Nothing per
sonal in this. Just a matter of
business. I am trying to teach the
people of God to obey our Dear Mas
ter (Mat. 28. 18, 19, 20.) and your
paper, if the people would believe
you, w T ould do great harm.
Please do not send the Paper to
me any longer. I shall take the
other paper.
Yours for truth
L. S. EWTON
- *
This is a fair sample of the intoler
ance and proscription that is paralyz
ing the churches of America today.
Because we have an opinion on “For
eign Missions’’ that happens to vary
from Rev. L. S. Ewton’s opinion,
Rev. L. S. Ewton proposes to go forth
and “do all he can’’ (the which, our
information is, will be mighty little)
to DESTROY OUR BUSINESS!
Beautiful way to “Teach people to
obev the command of our Dear Mas
ter,’’ isn’t it? Maybe Brother Ewton’s
Bible teaches him that this is the
“Christian spirit,” but we would not
blaspheme the Savoir of Men by even
imagining HIM going about trying to
destroy His fellowman’s business be
cause, forsooth, His fellowman hap
pened to entertain an opinion differ
ent from His! Brother Ewton ex
hibits too much temper for a man of
his calling. He becomes insulting
without cause. He says w r e are either
an ignoramus or a “plane” liar, —
which leaves no escape, you see, for
us; for instance, that we MIGHT be
an honorable citizen HONESTLY
MISTAKEN on the question of For
eign Missions. But we will not re
taliate in kind. We will show our
good ministerial brother that in ONE
respect, at least, we are a better
Christian than he; in return for his
bad manners we will treat him with
respectful consideration, “For he
that ruleth his spirit is greater than
he that taketh a city.”
We are sorry Brother Ewton feels
that he must try to INJURE the
News when he comes into Smith
count, but if he feels that this would
be CHRIST’S WAY, we shall not
complain. Old John Calvin burned
• Cervetus at the stake because he
wouldn’t swallow HIS Presbyterian
ism, and the bishop of Alexandria
had his CLERGY drag Hypatia into
a church and hack her body to pieces
with muscle shells because she would
not accept HIS faith, and Torque
mada, leading the Spanish Inquisi
tion. murdered thousands of his,
countrymen because they would not
believe as HE believed, so if Brother
Ewton lets us off by merely working
against our paper—depriving us of
an occasional subscriber —we shall
consider that he has treated us with
great magnanimity, and shall wel-
come it as an evidence of the march
of Christian civilization!
We are glad Brother Ewton warn
ed us; many of the Philistines saw
Goliath fall, but they didn’t know
what killed him: so when the News
goes down there’ll be no need of con
jecture: every one will know Brother
Ewton did it with his little tongue!
And he assures us there will be
“nothing personal” in it, but “Just a
matter of BUSINESS!” Perhaps
Brother Ewton is figurin’ on the For
eign Mission field himself!
Now what in the world has caused
this professed man of God to get mad
and do himself an injustice by gra
tuitously insulting the editor of the
News? Simply because we said Tom
Watson was right in attacking the
sinful waste of this Foreign Mission
hysteria while thousands of our own
countrymen are starving and in rags.
Are we a heretic because we said this,
and has it come to pass in this land
of civil and religious liberty that
good citizens can not have opinions
of their own on this Foreign Mission
question without being denounced as
either fools or falsifiers by MINIS
TERS of the gospel?
Why, they are actually sailing
boats up and down the Congo river
over yonder in Africa BUYING NIG
GER BABIES FROM THEIR MOTH
ER’S TITS to bring them to this
country and “educate” them and
“civilize” them! while this very
night in the bread lines of our own
great cities there are thousands of
OUR OWN FLESH AND BLOOD, —
waiting their turn to get a cup of
hot coffee to warm their ('HILLED
AND RAGGED BODIES! Out upon
such unnatural neglect! Tt is a CRY
ING SHAME and an OUTRAGE, and
even the “heathens” HERE AMONG
US must be shocked at it. —for even
thev take care of their own folks by
continually sending them mon>ey
from this country! A man’s first
duty is to his own family, and a na
tion's first duty is to its own people.
We’ve gone stark miad over the heath
en, while we are letting our own peo
ple go to the Devil! What is the re
sult? One of the most prominent
preachers in New York declared the
other day that it was sapping the
strength of the churches: that our
people are spending so much MORE
money for Foreign Missions than
they are spending for HOME missions
that the working classes of America
are turning their backs upon the
churches! Can anybody blame them?
Out of work, destitute and HUN
GRY, they see a pitiful handful drib
bled out to themselves, while SHIP
LOADS go across the ocean to the
heathen. No wonder they are dis
gusted! They ask for bread and are
given a stone! The General Secre
tary of the Laymen’s Missionary
Movement declared in New York last
Friday that we are spending $12,-
000,000 a year for Foreign Missions,
but that “We need $48,000,000 a
year!” Think of it! And hundreds
of thousands of our own American
citizens are THIS VERY MINUTE
begging to us for work and for
bread! To squander fabulous mil
lions upon a lot of worthless heathen
on the other side of the world while
our own fellow countrymen are suf
fering here at home is a CRIME. It
is against the laws of Nature, and
neither God nor Christ ever com
manded it. “Go ye into all the
world and preach the gospel to every
creature” did not mean to let our
own folks starve while we poured out
money, medicine, food and raiment
upon millions of Slant-Eyes in Asia.
Paul was a right respectable mis
sionary; at least, he seemed to stand
pretty well with the Lord, and <ve
defy Brother Ewton or Brother Any
body Else to show us FROM THE
BIBLE where Paul started )ut on
any of HIS missionary journeys with
privisions and medicine ?nd clothing
for those whom he honed to convert;
nr where he wrote back to any of his
brethren that it was THEIR duty to
furnish these things to his converts;
or where he ever asked for a salary
for his work, or for any of his “con-
©b* 3e|’ffcrsonUm
verted preachers.” But the Bible
DOES tell us that he DID WORK AT
HIS TRADE — that of tent-maker—
in towns in which he preached, to
earn money to PAY HIS EXPENSES,
while he preached the gospel to the
people! There are not many Pauls
meandering about the earth nowa
days, however, either in the Foreign
Mission fields or in our pulpits! If
the FAT SALARIES that the being
paid to these Foreign Missionary
boosters, missionary secretaries,
treasurers, boards, etc., were chopped
off, the fad would play out mighty
quick!
Brother Ewton is barking up the
wrong tree if he thinks his threat
will deter us from saying what we
believe is right on this question, and
our opinion is, he will find the peo
ple of Smith county are quite able to
judge for themselves as to what
newspaper they ought to read with
out any advice from him. They have
shown excellent judgment the last
twelve months, any way. We have
no war to make on any church, or any
preacher. We believe in them and
have done and will continue to do our
humble part in sustaining them, and
if the preachers want to destroy us
merely because we -would put some
thing to eat in the mouths and clothes
on the backs and shelter over the
heads of our own suffering poor be
fore going wild about a lot of hu
man misfits on the’ other side of the
world; they are welcome to try it,
and to find out just how inexpressibly
small the fair-minded men and w’o
men of Smith county will regard
such efforts. For a far greater
“crime” Peter drew his sword to chop
off heads, but the Son of Man re
buked him and commanded him to
put up his sword. —-Smith County
News, Samuel J. Stiakard, Editor.
I Watson Tobacco"
As Good as the Name . . •
The Best Tobacco Ever Made
Send name and address to
I F. R. PENN TOBACCO CO., Reidsville, N. C.
For Large Sample FREE
r"SJSKO
I „ i fflc/ 30 DAYS DRIVING TEST
/ '/-'"""'J A guarantee as good as a Gold Bond; a trial as liberal as
I /\\ / / \ ■■bbJ any one could ask for, and a, positive saving of from 320 to
■ S4O. We defy any reputable concern in the U. S. to duplicate our
3L— f prices on vehicles of the qualities we guarantee. Our guarantees
■ L !?<** - J are the strongest and most liberal ever made, and are positively
■ \ zMvS6f\x/\ /
■ k>z I\ X/ x/ rzyf I \ before we’ll expect you to be satisfied. We do not compete with
Jj-Q | _>< . j , people who have no reputation to lose, or who misrepresent their
RETAILS REGULARLY FOR $65.00 vehicles.
| Send To-Day For Our Big New Free Catalog, No. 105
modem styles of the highest grade Runabouts,
■ Speeders, Buckboards, Top Buggies, Stanhopes, Phaetons, O xvrfx
■ Surreys, Spring, Farm and Mail Wagons,Road Carts and Har- O A SCI? y rbtFUrfr* C.lf—
■ nessat actual factory price s. We sell DIRECT and save you t ™ a .Zu?
I the dealer’s profits. Don’t delay. Write today. SAVE while you
This machine solves the labor problem to the farmer’s tremendous I
financial gain. With it, a boy can do the work of six expert hands, and I
t^ie tmpl emer t pays for itself in 3 days’ time. It works perfectly in ■
any soil, straight or curved rows, level or hilly. The gear-controlled I
discs can be adjusted to any distan ie; it chops clean, throws grass I
»—and weeds off the row; cultivates the I
■ 111 I lb*■» ground, and the fenders protect the I ?
f f plant. It runs steadily, and is easily I
/ri attached to sulky.
Illustrated matter sent by return mail. Write I
nnn BwD ~ cotton chopper co
VELVET BEANS
TWO DOLLARS ($2.00) per bushel,
cash, f. o. b. Put up only in two
bushel sacks. P. O. money order, or
express money order, preferred.
W. J. BORDEN
Oxford, Sumter County, Florida
SIOO IN GOLD GIVEN AWAY.
A genuine bona fide offer. Read our
proposition. Are you a smart speller.
We give SIOO in gold and other prizes
named below to those able to make the
largest list of words from the words
THE ROUNTREE PUBLISHING
COMPANY. _
You can.
make at least twenty, we believe, and
if your list is the largest you will get
the greatest prize. In case of a tie
prizes will be divided between highest
contestants. Here are the rules to fol
low: Use only words in the English
language. Words alike, but with dif
ferent meanings can be used but once.
Use any dictionary. Pronouns, nouns,
verbs, adverbs, suffixes, adjectives,
proper nouns, allowed. Anything that
is a legitimate word will be allowed.
This is the way: Heart, temple, rain,
only. Use these words and arrange al
phabetically.
The following is a list of the prizes:
$25.00 for the largest list of words
as above.
$20.00 set of Encyclopedias second
largest list.
$15.00 third largest list.
$12.00 set of dishes fourth largest
list.
SIO.OO Mission Lamp, fifth largest
list.
SIO.OO cash sixth largest list.
$ 5.00 cash seventh largest list.
$ 2.00 each to the next twenty-two
highest. „
Subscriptions to the Dixie Home one
year to the next hundred highest.
We want you to know THE DIXIE
HOME, which is one of the brightest
and best illustrated magazines in the
world, and it is for this reason that we
offer these premiums. We make no
extra charge for the privilege of en
tering this word-building contest. To
enter the contest it is necessary for
you to send us fifty cents for subscrip
tion to the Dixie Home for one year,
with vour list of words. List should be
sent at once. The lucky ones’ names
will be published later. This is a great
offer to those that take an interest in
such contests.
“CONTEST EDITOR,” DIXIE HOME,
Dept. 44, Birmingham, Ala.
Liberal commissions on the Wat
son books. Write to The Jeffs,
Thomson, Ga.
The Beef Trust, according to its
showing made in the courts, only
made a clear profit of 35 per cent, on
its capital this year. So it appears
how unreasonable people are who
complain about the price of beef be
ing high.—Augusta (Ga.) Herald.