THROUGH The GATES gs GOLD
Sy Nina Hill 'Robinson
(Continued from last Week.)
The child was now a lad of twelve,
advancing toward the momentous
“teens” that lend so much to the
making or unmaking of the man. The
mother saw in her son a lad bright be
yond the average, with a poet’s soul
instilled with her own beautiful fan
cies, and a tender charm of person
which was beautiful to her at least
as a dream of the morning.
But the day of trial came, when at
this tender age the boy was put to
farm work. That was a law as' old
as Glendower —kindly meant, but in
exorable. The mother, true to her
docile nature, bent unquestioningly to
the rulings of her lord. She accepted
this as she had acepted life and an
untoward fate.
Books were laid aside. A new life
began for the boy. But the mother’s
buoyant hope upheld her. After all,
bodily labor was honorable, needful,
a wholesome discipline. And great
men had followed the plow. She had
read somewhere in an old tattered
history of a Cincinnatus and a Scipio
Africanus who were fond of agricul
ture. Men greater still perhaps dated
their high careers from this humble
beginning. Farm labor would
strengthen her son in sinew and fiber,
and she could wait —ah, how patient
ly she could wait!
But it was when the mother saw
the tender flesh toughen over muscle
and bone, the childish curls stiffen in
to coarse and unkempt hair, and the
intellectual pallor fade from the rud
dy, sunburned face of her boy that
she leaned most upon her dream child.
She felt his presence more acutely.
Her need of him was greater as she
lapsed again into the treadmill ex
istence of toil and lonely hours. Then
she was growing old and frail and
weary. Her limbs were weak, her
hands less steady at her work. Her
hair was silvering about the temples.
Only the eyes, where the soul looked
through, were young.
In her deary duties she felt his sus
taining arm; along the wind-swept
pathway over the hill; by the feeding
trough, where the hounds crowded
hungrily for their daily meals; by the
bell post, when she —poor, dreaming
mother —heard his voice, clearer by
far than the clanging bell: “I love
you, mother; I will never leave you
or forsake you.”
The years passed slowly, revolving
in a monotonous way from season to
season. Midsummers crept by in
heat and dust, and autumns with the
hurry of harvesting. Then the long,
dull winters plodded on, with the care
of cattle and the sound of wood-chop
ping in the hills. There were plow
ings, sowings, and reapings, with the
“dingdong” of the farm bell keeping
steady time.
From field and wood there was still
the trill of birds, jubilant and clear;
still the breath of blossoming spring
upon the air. There were, as always,
cool, green nooks by the river’s side.
From that one gap in the valley the
western sun still poured his glory in
floods of gold; but mother and son
saw not nor heard. Life had become
a reality to the boy, and the mother’s
dreams were fitful and uneasy.
What to her was a dying dream
but a living hope, to the son was an
accepted fate. Like his mother, his
was a docile nature, inclined to bow
to the powers that were; and it were
easier to walk the bidden path of his
father than to hew out his way alone.
He, too, might have had his dreams.
There was at times a baffled look in
his beautiful eyes, as if the supreme
gifts of life had hung too high for
his unsteady arm. He could not soar
above unfriendly circumstances. His
slouching gait, his self-depreciative
bearing told all too plainly the sad
story of failure.
But the mother could not relin
quish her one hope in life. She could
but trust, and wait, and pray.
Thus the twenty years had flown.
The momentous “teens” were passed,
the boy was nearing manhood, and the
dream was yet unrealized. There was
then one night in the gloom of winter
something in the nature of a tragedy,
when, the mother awaked suddenly
from her long dreaming. All alone
was she. There was no heart to con
sider, no eye to pity. She knelt on
the rude kitchen floor in unutterable
sorrow, and watched through an open
door her son in the flesh, who sat by
the fireside, with its rude light flick
ering on his corrugated brow.
She gazed with fearful eyes. There
was the living picture of that one
whom she had always separated from
her ideal —a coarse and unkempt fig
ure, hardened into stoical indiffer
ence. Gone were the signs of culture,
of refined thought, and pure aspira
tions. There were instead the rude
mannerism, the animal appetite, the
unwashen hands.
Where was the child of her prayer —
flesh of her flesh, spirit of her spirit?
Where was the exquisite grace, the
tender consciousness, of his poet soul ?
Alas, there was no answer of eye, or
speech, or caress! There remained
only this sun-browned specimen of
manhood —the son of Glendower.
These were her last days; and it
were better so. Her failing footsteps
were often called to tread that “very
valley” that her soul most loathed;
but her going forth was more often in
glorious company, with an abiding
faith and the steadfast hope that
would not die. She lived with a clear
er spiritual vision; but it may be for
given her if her wearied heart leaned
more fondly toward that higher heav
en whither her soaring spirit turned.
There is no need of prolonging this
story; nor is there need of monumen
tal phrasing over this one mother.
There are still many such. She left
her unfinished work one day and lay
down to rest never to rise again to
duty’s call or beckoning. The sights
and sounds of her valley home would
soon know her no more. The kitchen
walls, the straining bell cord, the
wind-swept pathway, the squawking
fowls, even the scrubby hillside, with
its mullein stalks, were receding with
the things of earth. Her soul was
passing. Like as a flower that fadeth
when the wind bloweth over, bearing
the perfume of its life here and there
and far away, so this mother’s day
was closing.
Then it was that her son in the
flesh, with the stroke of a great and
agonizing sorrow upon him, a blow
that chastened as it fell, knelt beside
dje "Jeffersonian
her as he lifted the limp and careless
hands: 1 ‘ Mother, I love you, mother! ’ ’
She looked up and smiled with a
mother’s devotion in her beautiful
eyes.
“Mother, listen to me,” he cried,
in an insistent voice, as though calling
back the dead. “Listen, mother! I’ll
be what you want me to be. I will
go out into the world and preach the
gospel you love and live your beau
tiful life among men. Do you hear
me, mother?”
And she whose unconquerable love
triumphed even in death looked up
again and smiled as the ever-ready
answer welled up from her heart of
hearts: “I know it, my darling; mo
ther knows it well.”
The watchers smoothed her quiet
brow. He who was her husband lean
ed over her with a dumb sense of
loss, and wondered at the glory that
rested on the still face.
She was laid away to rest in the
depths of that blue-green woodland,
where the whispering leaves caught
the shimmer and sheen of the river.
Within that lowly bed was the quiet
sleep. Without were sounds of peace
—the song of birds, the soft, low
lullaby of nature. The sunlight kiss
ed the humble mound, the wood vio
lets bloomed above it, and western
winds from over the shimmering river
and through the Gates of Gold blew
softly over.
With this holy shrine in his heart,
the son passed out through the golden
gates with a heart of gold (what was
it he had gained—the sturdy strength
of his father’s will or the steady faith
of his mother?), passed out, neverthe
less, into that mother’s far-distant
and beautiful world, with a message
and a mission; and surely the angel
of the Lord went with him.
Privation and toil he might have
known in his search for that higher
life, and many stern necessities; but
never a discouraged soul. His mission
was to give out, to share the treas
ures of his multiplying graces, and
the way blosomed beneath his feet.
The gospel that he preached, whether
of hope or faith or charity, was given
freely from the unwasting fountain
of his cleft and chastened heart. And
so he went on, putting beauty into
the lives of others and joy into
mourning hearts; breaking his simple
bread and serving thousands —bearing
about in his heart always the sacred
mound in the covert of green and the
sparkle of the distant river, where
the western winds blew softly through
the shining Gates of Gold.
He was known at last —this bright
evangel of the mother’s heart —by the
“gentleness” that made him “great,”
by his upright walk, his incorruptible
honor, his unspotted garments. Men
loved him. The aged leaned upon
him. Mothers laid trepibling hands
upon his head, and the poor blessed
him in the streets.
Thus he grew into the semblance of
his mother’s ideal child —lovely in
person, gentle in manner, loftty in
spirit, beautiful as the morning. He
was flesh of her flesh, spirit of her
spirit, the impersonation of her love
ly attributes, the answered fullness
of her patient prayers.
Eyes Cured
Without the Knife
Grateful Patrons Tell of Almost Mirac
ulous Cures of Cataracts, Granulat
ed Lids, Wild Hairs, Ulcers,
Weak, Watery Eyes and All
Eye Diseases—Send Your
Name and Address With
Two-Cent Stamp for Free
Trial Bottle.
The cures being made by this magic
lotion every day are truly remarkable. I
have repeatedly restored to sight persons
nearly blind for years.
Ulcers, wild hairs, granulated lids dis
appear almost instantly with the use of
this magic remedy. Weak, watery eyes
are cleared in a single night and quickly
restored to perfect health. It has re
peatedly cured where all other remedies
and all doctors had failed. It is Indeed
a magic remedy and I am glad to give this
free trial to any sufferer from sore eyes
or any eye trouble.
Many have thrown away their glasses
after using it a week. Preachers, teach
ers, doctors, lawyers, engineers, students,
dressmakers and all who use their eyes
under strain find with this Magic Lotion
a safe, sure and quick relief. If you hav<
sore eyes or any eye trouble write me to
day. I am in earnest in making my offer of
a free trial bottle of this lotion. I am glad
to furnish proof in many well-proven and
authentic cases where it has cured cata
ract after the doctors said that only a
dangerous and expensive operation would
save the sight. If you have eye trouble
of any kind you will make a serious mis
take if you do not send for my great free
offer of this Magic Eye Lotion. Address
with full description of your trouble and
a two-cent stamp. 11. T. Schlegel Co., 3399
Home Bank Bldg., Peoria, 111., and you will
receive by return mail, prepaid, a trial
hottie of this magic remedy that has re
stored many almost blind to sight.
Shingles Shingles
Shingles
Sold direct to consumer at from SI.OO to $3.00
per M. Address the manufacturer
J. T. EVANS Camilla, Ga.
Life and Speeches of
Thos. E. Watson
Mr. Watson tells us the story of his
life. His gallant fight for reform is
told in his speeches, which cover ev
ery social, political and economic ques
tion that has come to the front in the
last thirty years. The subjects that
are now prominent in the people’s
mind, —Child Labor, National Finance,
the Tariff sySfcem, National Banks, the
Government Ownership of Railroads —
are treated exhaustively.
Bound in cloth, illustrated. Price,
11.50.
Given as a Premium
For three subscriptions to the Jef
fersonian Magazine at SI.OO each, or
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at SI.OO.
Chew RED EYE Tobacco
IT COSTS A LITTLE MORE
BUT THEN
It Lasts Twice as Long
TAYLOR BROS., Mfrs, Winston-Salem N. C.
FOR SALE
PURE PULNOTT COTTON SEED. If
fouad impure, ship them back at my ex-
Sense. Price, sl.lO per bushel for Less than
> bus.; 25 and up to 50 bu&. 90 eeats; 50
bus. and ever, W cents per bushel. Cash
with order.
Alee Bradbury’s Field Corn, $2.00 per
bushel.
References: Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga •
President Citizens Bank & Trust Co., Athens’
Ga.; Miller & Co., Cotton Factors, Athens, Ga
J, B. BRADBURY, JR.,
*. F. D. No. 4. Athens, Ga.
PAGE THREE