Public Opinion Throughout the Union
HE LOVES A KICKER.
In conversation with an intelligent
citizen and an honest official of Car
ter county a few hours prior to this
writing, the gentleman declared to the
writer that he loved a kicker. Such
a statement is unusual, especially up
on the part of a man in office, for,
as a rule, the man holding office had
much rather be left alone; always
gladly accepts praise and even flat
tery, but is just as much opposed to
adverse criticism, however just.
An honest officer courts investiga
tion of all his official acts; does not
object to criticism when just and
fair; has no fear of the kicker.
The dishonest official loves darkness
and secrecy; the honest one loves
light and an open, free and exhaust
ive discussion of every act that may
affect the weal of the people he rep
resents and serves.
The former should be relegated to
private life dishonored; the latter
should be honored and kept in ser
vice, for in these days of political
corruption, men who do not fear but
love the kicker are rare, must be hon
est and should be prized as jewels.
Os course there is more than one
kind of a kicker. There is the shift
less, lazy fellow, in whose head and
heart an idea or an honest impulse
would be as completely lost as a tad
pole in the Mediterranean sea, who
complains at everything however good
or worthy—a failure himself, he de
spises the worthiness and success of
others.
Then there is the great American
press, especially the editors of coun
try newspapers, who boldly and with
out fear denounce political rotten
ness, social corruption and religious
hypocrisy.
These brave original writers “hitch
their wagons to a star,” and, catch
ing inspiration from the empyrean
realm, write and speak the truth
“though the heavens fall.” These
men impress their personality upon
mankind and, in the language of
Roosevelt, “do something.”
These are the kind of kickers —
whether officials or civilians—that
honest men like, and it is with these
that the Review would be classed. —
The Union Review, Norman, Okla.-
Gov. Haskell, in his speech at the
W. 0. W. picnic in this city last Fri
day wanted to know why Mr. Taft
had selected Mr. Sheldon as Treasur
er of the Republican National Cam
paign Committee. Was it because
of the fact that he was a Wall Street
banker and broker and a man who
had assisted in the organization of a
score of the largest financial combina
tions in the country and a man likely
to be in a position to make or induce
his Wall Street associates to cough up
liberally to the Republican campaign 1 ?
Mr. Embry did not answer the Gov
ernor's inquiry, perhaps did not de
sire to do so, but really we felt like
Mr. Embry might have asked the
question, “Why did Mr. Bryan have
Mose C. Wetmore of the Tobacco
Trust, ex-Scnator W. A. Clark of the
Copper Trust and Lewis Nixon of
the Shipbuilders Trust on his finance
committee ? Was it because of the
fact that they were millionaires many
times and personally could drop
into the Bryan campaign fund a
million or so of dollars and not feel
it as bad as the farmer whom Gov.
Haskell was begging to contribute a
doller? In 1892 the Sugar Trust drop
ped a half million into the Democrat
ic campaign fund and made millions
out of investment in favorable legis
lation secured from a Democratic
Congress that followed Cleveland’s
election. Could the Tobacco Trust,
the Copper Trust or the Shipbuilders’
Trust not have such an arrange
ment as the Sugar Trust had in 1892
with Democrats?
A look at Bryan’s finance commit
tee convinces us that there is no need
of a begging “for money” campaign
being made by Democrats. They
should not try to capture men’s votes
by begging for a dollar. It is not dig
nified, in view of the fact that they
do not need the dollar. Again, if
Wetmore, Clark & Co. figure that
Mr. Bryan has no chance of election,
and therefore do not care to drop a
million or so into the Bryan campaign
plate because they fear they might
never meet it again, it is certainly a.
measly trick for them to be
passing the plate with tear
bedimmed eyes begging them for
a dollar to pay the expenses of a
sham battle. If the farmers and la
boring men in Oklahoma would con
vince the politicians that the gray
matter in their craniums was not en
tirely rusted out and that they were
still capable of recognizing a bunco
game, their ballots on the 3rd of No
vember should read Watson and Wil
liams. —The People’s Voice, Norwood,
Okla.
FREE SILVER.
It makes us tired to hear men talk
as though free silver was a foolish
error that would have ruined this
country.
The idea that free silver would be
a large factor in either curing or kill
ing the troubles of our financial sys
tem is not much to the credit of the
brain power of the holder of the idea.
Just a little good, common sense
would enable people to sec that if dol
lars were more of them made of sil
ver there would probably be less of
them made of paper. Every last one
of those who get excited on either
side would be glad to take them, if
coined by Uncle Sam.
There was and is one argument in
favor of coining all the silver offered.
It is that as we produce much silver
and sell a fair share of what the
world uses we would get a better
price for what we sell if we coined
more of it, or if it could be coined at
will of the holder.
But all the argument that two
metals or one metal should be the ba
sis of our volume of currency was a
mistake, and the putting out of bonds
as a basis is simply foolishness or
child’s play to sensible men when they
"Cfye. 3ftffersonlart
really investigate the money ques
tion. —Looking Glass, Monroe, Neb.
The most apt cartoon we’ve seen is
in Watson’s Jeffersonian, drawn by
that prince of cartoonists, Gordon
Nye, representing Hearst as holding
his copyright of the Independence
League and portraying its “party”
as the “Dependent” party. —The
Democrat, Okmulgee (Okla.).
THE PROGRESS OF BRYAN.
Along about this time, says Poor
Richard’s Political Almanac, be pre
pared for scares. Mr. Hill drops
in from Minnesota, and says that for
the first time the discriminating farm
ers along the line of the Great North
ern are squinting favorably at
Bryan; Mr. Harriman comes out of
the woods and scents suspicious
apathy; and Marse Henry looks you
straight in the eye when he declares
his profound conviction that the Old
Doctor is going to win, and, as an old
and anxious friend, he advises you
to get aboard. Meanwhile the
unctuous candidate wends his way
eastward, stopping off here and there
to point out the desirability of fixing
laws “to secure an equitable distri
bution of the proceeds of toil” and
to receive “encouraging reports.”
Touching little episodes dot his way.
Down in Maryland a “sweetfaced old
lady stepped up to him, and, bolding
out her hand, said, ‘Why, how do you
do, Mr. Roosevelt? I am so glad to
see you.’ ” Even at that our brave
candidate did not flinch. “I fear,”
he observed, pensively, “there is some
mistake. My name is Bryan.”
Whereupon the sweet-faced old lady,
greatly embarrassed, excused her
error upon the ground that her il looked
so much like the President.” We have
never observed the physical resem
blance noted, although in certain
other respects —But that is here nor
there; hurriedly we pass on to the
hopeful information that when Mr.
Bryan went to see John McGraw, he
took a copy of the Bible with him. He
did not admit, however, in so many
words that his real purpose was to
convert John; he had “always
found” that whenever he wanted
“a strong illustration, a sound illus
tration,” he could find it in the Bible.
He can, too. We venture the asser
tion that he could pick out a text for
every living sinner—and for some
professional saints. Take, for ex
ample, Isaiah 10: 1, 2. We would
travel miles to hear a discourse from
Brother Bryan upon the warning
therein contained. But that particular
sinner is not the* one in the preaching
candidate’s mind. He is after Shel
don and Hitchcock for not publishing
the names of contributors to their
iniquitous campaign fund. As for
them, Brother Bryan misquotes John
3: 19:
“They love darkness rather than
light, because their deeds are evil.”
If that doesn’t make S. and H.
squirm, nothing can. We have always
regarded that text as a sockdolager—
and so comprehensive withal. The
fact is that it hits us all, not except-
ing one who would persuade a simple
old man to direct his widow to hand
a large sum of money to the persuader
on the strict quiet, saying not a word
about it to anybody. Ab, well I It is
a bitter world. —Harper’s Weekly.
Governor Comer, the head of the
Democratic party, has gone so far as
to disregard the Constitution of our
State. When the miners of this dis
trict refuse to work for small pay,
they are driven out of the corpora
tion’s bouses and forced to rent land
and put up tents, and then, w’hen they
refuse to go to work for small pay,
this Great Governor orders his sol
diers and deputy sheriffs to tear
down their homes and move them off,
leaving the men, women and children
with nothing to shelter them. We ask
you, is this our proud State, Alabama,
which has fallen so low? Is this the
great Democratic party which prom
ises so much protection to the common
people who have to labor? Most as
suredly it is. Will you continue Io
vote for men who would arrest you
as vagrants? The time has come
for every man who earns his bread
by the sweat of the brow to assert
his rights. Do it with your ballot. —
People’s Advocate, Columbiana, Ala.
Let the men and boys organize
“Tom Watson” clubs in every town
and hamlet and get busy. Light the
fires of enthusiasm now. The time is
growing short, and we must work with
a will. The meeting of the Fulton
County Tom Watson Club week be
fore last resulted in great good.
There was a large attendance, many
ladies were present, and officers and
members of the Club are full of en
ergy and enthusiasm. Judge Forrest
was to have addressed the club, but
could not come. As a consequence,
everybody “talked in meeting”' and
anyone who desired to do so took
the floor. It is a good idea. In a
movement by the people, why wait at
any time for someone to come from
out of town? Let the home folk gath
er together. The cause is theirs, the
work will redound to their benefit and
glory. There is something everyone
can do, if he will.
It is said that Georgia is now
placed in the doubtful States at the
coming election and that every indi
cation points to a victory for Tom
Watson. —People’s Advocate, Colum
biana, Ala.
The recent address of Hon. Oscar
Parker, of Fairburn, Georgia, at
Carnesville, was pronounced magnifi
cent by all who had the good fortune
to be present. “As a man thinketh
in his heart, so is he,” and he can
scarcely be other than eloquent to a
degree who has such deep convictions,
such breadth of thought and purity
of motive as has Mr. Parker. He has
devoted time, talent and money to
“human betterment” through Jeffer
sonian Democracy and it is hoped
that he may able to make a number
of speeches during the next few
weeks.
PAGE SEVEN