PAGE FOUR
Summary of Ebents as They Happen
Aldrich Bill Up.
Senator Aldrich’s bill is before the senate.
It has numerous amendments. This bill pro
vides for the issuance of emergency circula
tion to national banks secured by state, county,
municipal or railroad bonds.
Miss Vanderbilt a Countess.
One of the recent events is the marriage of
Gladys Vanderbilt to Count Szephenyi, of Hun
gary.
Tariff Discussed by Senate.
Senate discusses tariff commission. The
Democratic senators failed to recognize the
question under the high ethical standard raised
by Senator Beveridge.
Cortelyou Criticised.
When the senate assembled, Cortelyou’s re
ply was criticised. Senators Tillman, Culber
son, and other's, made strenuous objection to
the course of Secretary Cortelyou in his reply
to the senate’s request for information.
Shot Down in Street.
King Carlos was shot as he drove into Lis
bon, in an open carriage. A party had been
lying in wait for the royal carriage. As the
vehicle appeared they leaped forward, pulled
carbines from under their cloaks and fired a
volley. The king fell dead.
England Sends Big Fleet.
Great Britain has ordered out eleven war
ships to her naval base on the Pacific in Brit
ish Columbia. England sends big fleet and
fortifies her Pacific base.
To Smelt Free of Trust.
Mine operators of Colorado are planning to
establish smelters independent of the so-called
trusts. The movement has been endorsed by
the American Mining Congress.
Judge Hargis Shot by Son.
Judge Hargis, of Kentucky, was shot and
instantly killed by his son, Beach Hargis. The
son fired five shots in rapid succession at his
father, who fell dead while his clerks were
waiting on customers.
Four Nations in Contest.
The last details of the start of the New
York to Paris automobile race, have been
planned. Six teams are to be sent away in
this most extraordinary of all the motor con
tests that have been planned since the auto
came into use. Three French crews, one Ger
man, one Italian, and one American, will be
in the race. Three of them contested in the
Pekin to Paris race.
Fleet No. 2 Going East.
The government is preparing to send to the
Philippines another battleship squadron to
join Admiral Evans’ fleet. When these ar
rive in the Far East, it will make fourteen.
Japan has only fourteen all together.
Millionaire Murdered.
Frederick Holmes, a millionaire, and fam-
THE JEFFERSONIAN
ily fall victims of murderers. The million
aire is well known in London business circles.
Big Explosion in Novascotia.
- As the result of an explosion at the coal
mines in Novascotia, nearly a score of per
sons were killed.
Hitchcock Quits Job.
First Assistant Postmaster-General Frank
Hitchcock will leave the post office depart
ment in a few T days to take charge of the
Taft campaign. Charles P. Granfield will
succeed Hitchcock.
Fairbanks Sure of Indiana.
The Indiana Republicans selected by dis
trict conventions twenty-six delegates to the
national convention. George Ade will be one
of the delegates.
Educational Car Stars on Tour.
A college on wheels begins its trip this
week. Prof. Soule has the management of
the train. From time to time he will be ac
companied by prominent Georgians. Quite a
number of special lectures will be delivered.
Americans Come First.
Secretary Taft has ordered that none but
Americans shall be put on the “Gold Rolls”
of the Isthmian canal commission. All va
cancies, as they occur now, will be filled by
Americans. The order is the outcome of an
objection made by the secretary of American
machinists.
Teddy Visits Circus.
President Roosevelt’s keen enjoyment of
the pranks of many juvenile clowns and the
acrobatic accomplishments of a score of boys,
featured the indoor circus at the Y. M. C. A.
in Washington. The president was enter
tained for more than an hour by the varied
program.
Japs Buy Rifles.
The Crucible Steel Co., a concern of New
Jersey, has just completed 750,000 rifles for
the Japanese government.
More Battleships Wanted.
Representative Hobson, of Alabama, has
asked the house committee on naval affairs
and urged the appropriation of $50,000,000
for the eoflstruction of four battleships, to be
begun this year.
Fleet in Magellan.
The American battleships are now passing
through the strait of Magellan. They are
accompanied by the Torpedo Flotilla. The
fleet is being led by a Chilean cruiser.
Bryan Spends a Strenuous Day.
New York, February s.—William Jennings
Bryan’s stay in New York today was a stren
uous one. After a morning interview with the
newspaper men he hurried to Brooklyn, where
he was tendered a reception by Bird S. Coler,
president of the Borough, and made a speech
in which he declared that the Democratic
party presented a united front, and was now
in position to fight the divided enemy; then
he made a long trip to Harlem, where he
addressed a meeting of the Young Men’s He
brew Association. To-night he was the prin
cipal guest and speaker at the dinner of the
Economic Club at the Hotel Astor.
Six hundred auditors gave Mr. Bryan an
enthusiastic welcome at the meeting of the
Young Men’s Hebrew Association, where he
lauded the racial achievements of the He
brews. Speaking of the Hebrews, Mr. Bryan
said:
“I am not complimenting you when,l say
that history affords us no higher type of men
than the Hebrews, both for their influence
upon human destiny and upon the thought of
the world. Go where you will, you will find
that the Hebrew has won the highest dis
tinction in all that concerns business in every
great enterprise. In the business of banking
he is prominent, above every other race.
“I think there is less of pauperism, less of
crime, among Hebrews. I think it can be
said deservedly of that race you represent,
that in the highest walks, intellectual and po
litical, you have proven your capacity.”—
Age-Herald.
Telegraphers are Organized.
Big meeting planned for telegraphers. Rail
way and commercial operators form a mutual
association. Convention coming to Atlanta.
Thaw Visited By His Mother.
Mrs. William Thaw visits her son; Harry,
in the asylum for the first time. She spent
cne hour with her son.
*Halt in Wall Street.
Speculative activity in the securities market
came almost to a halt last week in the midst
of the uncertainties presented by the accumu
lating of shrinkage of business and industries
in the country and the symptoms of political
activity in the forum of public utterances by
persons conspicuous in political affairs.
Mob Overpowers Soldiers.
Two thousand citizens take assailant from
troops.. Shots fired by troops failed to stop
mob. Lynching occurred at Brookhaven,
Miss., and was witnessed by the judge, who
was waiting to try the negro. Members of
mob not masked.
Roosevelt’s Plea Rejected.
House committee rejects President Roose
velt’s plea for four battleships. Only two will
be built. Representative Hobson, of Alabama,
says: “The United States has no time to
lose. ’ ’
«
Parcels Post Urged By Union.
The Farmers’ Union lodges all over the
country have taken up actively the work of
pushing the parcels post system advocated
by the postmaster general in tiis last annual
report. Numerous letters and copies of reso
lutions have been received by the members