12
Mr. Hoke Smith and the Atlanta
Journal
(concluded from page nine)
chise its own readers (most of whom are pre
sumed to be Mr. Smith's friends), the Jour
nal should have manfully admitted the mis
take and thanked the Telegraph for the cor
rection.
Instead of that, however, the Journal (the
worst-tempered paper in the country) has
been cramming its columns with those ma
licious editorials for which it is famous.
The registration law not only does not do
anything “automatically”, but requires the
voter to go in person to the tax-collector, take
the oath, and sign his name in the voters'
book. Even if the officer desired to register
the taxpayer, the law does not permit him to
do so.
Then the books close six months before the
election. As the Telegraph points out, all
men who come of age after that are shut out.
Many young men would cast their first votes
next October and November if the “closed
season" were three months instead of six.
Why disfranchise these young men?
Mr. Smith must feel that the new law is
unpopular, for he defends it in last week’s
Union News. He gives as a reason why the
books should close six months before the elec
tion, that the registrars should have time to
purge the lists before the primary.
That sounded good. In fact, it will be con
vincing to all those who don’t know Hoke
Smith.
But here is one man that does know him.
(There are others.)
So, I sent down to the courthouse and got
the Acts of 1909. to examine the law more
carefully.
Ah. ha! Just as I “suspicioned". Mr.
Smith was prevaricating, just as his paper
has been doing.
Section 5 of the registration law requires
that the registrars shall deliver to the clerk
of the superior court a purged list of the
registered voters NOT LATER THAN
june oTII.
Now listen: Section lof the primary elec
tions law requires that the primary shall be
held “not earlier than sixty days before the
general State election in October”.
So, then, (he purged lists must be complete
and in the clerk’s hands not later than June
sth, while the primary can not 1 awfilly come
off until August.
The State elections are held, of course, on
the first Wednesday in October.
Congressional elections on Tuesday after
the first Monday in November.
Therefore, those purged and completed'
lists will lie idle and useless in the clerk's
office two months before the State primary,
and more than five months before the Novem
ber election.
Inasmuch as the law requires that the con
gressional candidates shall run in the August
primary, all the young men coming of age
after April Ist are cut out of both the Octo
ber and the November elections.
What does Mr. Hoke Smith mean by tell
ing the people that his object in closing the
books six months ahead of the election was to
give the registrars time to perfect the lists?
DOES TIE NOT KNOW THAT THE
REGISTRARS CAN NOT LAWFULLY
TOUCH THOSE LISTS AFTER JUNE
STH?
The law itself fixes that as the latest possi
ble date on which the registrars are to give
the clerk the purged list alphabetically ar
ranged.
These evasive, prevaricating efforts to fool
the voters and to defend a bad feature of the
law ARE DISGRACEFUL.
Another evil feature of the new law is,
that it does not expressly provide how the
tax-collector is to register anybody who does
not pay taxes.
Gbe 3effersonian
A man who reaches twenty-one, after the
receiver closed his books, and who is not lia
ble for poll-tax, and has no property, may not
be allowed to register at all, although he has
reached the legal age to vote prior to the
closing of the registration books.
Then there is the aged poor man who is ex
empt by law.
He may have trouble in registering. So
far as the language of the new law goes, no
body can register excepting those who pay
taxes.
This registration act is most dangerous—
whether so intended or not. It should be
changed at the earliest opportunity.
P. S. —In one of the last sections of the new
law, it is expressly stated that the registrars
shall not file the list with the clerk UNTIL
THEY HAVE PURGED AND PER
FECTED IT, — and yet Mr. Hoke Smith,
who officially signed the act, has the impu
dence to tell the people that he deprived the
voters of their legal rights, in order that “the
registrars might have time to perfect the
registration list before the primaries”.
ANY REGISTRAR WHO MAKES THE
LEAST CHANGE IN THAT LIST
AFTER JUNE STH WILL DO A/V UN
LAWFUL THING. Either Mr. Smith is
trying to confuse and deceive the people, or
he is scandalously ignorant of the very law
he signed.
WHICH IS IT. MISTER SMITH?
Si ® Si
Deserters
A great row is on in New York. The deal
made between Woodruff, Republican boss,
and the Murphy-McCarren combine, Demo
cratic bosses, saved the day for Joe Cannon,
Speaker of the House and one of the bulwarks
of special privilege. The deal was made last
spring. The result of it was that a sufficient
number of Democratic votes were delivered to
Cannon to make up for the Republicans who
could no longer endure his tyranny and ras
cality.
The bargain was, that the Murphy-McCar
ren combine would save Cannonism, in con
sideration of another four years of Tam
many graft in the city of New York. Wood
ruff promised not to fuse with the Indepen
dents who rebel against Tammany corrup
tion. This promise was a guarantee that the
opponents of Tammany would be divided, —
just as Tammany wants them to be. In other
words, the deal insured Tammany for an
other term of luscious looting.
This foul bargain having been struck,
.\ e oci ats in Congress received
telegraphic orders from Albany, New York,
and these Democratic representatives de
serted their own colors and went over to the
Republicans.
But there were not enough of the New
ork deserters to answer the purpose. Too
many Western Republicans were disgusted
with Cannon; too many of his own crowd
found it impossible to stand for his despotic
methods and his truckling to the beneficiaries
of special privilege. Consequently, Cannon
had to have more help than the New York
Democrats could give him. Where did he
get it ?
7'7?6>J/ THE GEORGIA DEI.EGA TION,
mainly.
The vile old political prostitute, Joe Can
non (who was once driven out of public life
for a notorious act of public indecency /), se
cured the active aid of Lon Livingston, who
worked on the Georgia delegation, persuaded
one after another, reported each deserter, and
received the grateful acknowledgments of his
Republican boss.
Said Lon to Cannon:
“Joe, I've got you another Georgia vote.”
Said Joe to Livingston:
“That's good, Lon.”
Gordon Lee, William M. Howard, little
Edwards of Savannah, Brantley of Bruns-
wick, and Jim Griggs, ex-dough-bag-toter of
the Hearst campaign of 1904—these rock
ribbed Democratic congressmen of Georgia
followed Lon Livingston into the Republican
camp.
What damage did the deserters do?
They renewed Cannon’s lease of power;
they strengthened the fetters with which
special privilege has bound the common peo
ple; they suppressed the insurrection against
Cannon’s tyranny; they crushed the revolt
against Cannon’s corruption; they enabled
that grand old rascal to pack the conference
committee, and thus put into effect the
Aldrich tariff schedules, which even such a
stand-patter as Sereno Payne denounced as
outrageous.
You owe it, in part, to those Democratic
deserters that the tariff tax on blankets is one
hundred and sixty-five per cent., while that
on the cotton and woollen goods which you |
buy ranges from seventy per cent, to one
hundred and forty-eight per cent.
You pay this tremendous tax when you pay
for the goods. The prices on the goods are
double what they would be, were it not for
the tariff.
BOYS! SOAK THOSE DESERTERS.
If they had belonged to an army they would
have been court-martialed and shot.
® 8 ®
Dr. Paul Wakefield’s Letter
We publish, in another place, some passages*
from a letter written by Dr. Wakefield to ai
Atlanta lawyer, Mr. J. J. Barge.
Dr. Paul’s opening paragraph is a slam aft
reporters. But how about Sister Mansell, «
It was she who telephoned a report of thq|
lecture, after having heard it, to the reporte r
of the Review; and her account of the lectin ? ]
tallied exactly with that published by theft
other reporter, to whom Wakefield talked iud
Wakefield’s room. 1
How could such a corroboration have oS’
curved, if Wakefield's lecture was the opposiF
of what the two reports stated? F,
Why does not Wakefield produce an afiO
davit, or signed statement, or even some le ■
ters, from the members of the audience whjl
listened to his talk? f *
!KI g 33
Your President
Mr. Taft is a good-natured, honest, coirfl
panionable man. He is fond of good eatiiq ■
He has become more and more a seeker d- ; l
pleasure. He loves to have a good time.
thoroughly enjoys life. He pats himself <|j
the bay-window and says he is an “opi
mist”.
What’s an optimist? He is twin-broth(|
to the man who walls his eyes, closes hi.
think-department, and drivels nonsense about
“this beautiful world of ours”.
An optimist sees only the doves—never the
hawks; recognizes wealth, health ami happi
ness, but ignores poverty, pain and misery.
“This beautiful world of ours”! Yes, there
is beauty, grandeur, enchantment; but is it
wise to refuse to see the terrible, the ugly,
the revolting? The lovely landscape has
moccasins to sting your heel, insects that poi
son, miasma that destroys. The breath of
the pestilence is a part of “this beautiful
world of ours”, —why feign to forget it?
Disease is “catching”—not health. Strength
exploits weakness throughout animated na
ture; and our stomachs are the graves of the
birds, beasts and fishes that we feed on. It
is even so in all the ramifications of creation.
IT IS THE LAW.
Then why should any person • speak as
though there were nothing but the beautiful
in this world of ours? Viewed in one way
it & beautiful; viewed in others, it is terri
ble, hideous, alive with awful things and con
ditions.
President Taft sees only one side—the