PAGE SIX
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLAN
Whether Taft's railroad bill will pass, or
indeed any other legislation be enacted in
these last days of the session
Still After
Cannon.
is too busily engaged in its
small scrapping to accomplish definite re
sults. The fight now seems concentrated upon
the removal of Cannon from the Speakership,
and forming new plans for the appointment
of the committees of the House. It would be
well to get rid of Cannon, for the mere moral
effect such an act might have, but otherwise
it would result in little. It is not the removal
of the old man that is imperative: it is the
enactment of some genuine measures of popu
lar relief. There is no reason why the pres
ent session should adjourn without reforming
the tariff. Then they may return next De
cember and abolish it altogether, at least so
far as its “protective’’ iniquities are con
cerned. “Getting rid of Cannon” is merely a
diversion brought forward to turn attention
from vital issues. Congress should vindicate
itself by lowering the tariff at once. Cannon
has been but a tool of the Interests, and they
don't care what happens to that particular
tool, so long as their profits are undisturbed,
and there are plenty of Cannonites who would
willingly succeed to his “bad eminence” for
the same price.
Eighty-three different bills have been in
troduced during the present session of Con
gress. all for the regulation
Railroad
Legislation.
ought to go up from the railroads as to “an
tagonism’’ ami “hurtful agitation”, etc.
AHiy all the eagerness to regulate the rail
roads if they don’t need it, and, if they do,
why are they so generally passive over the
tremendous amount of cerebral congestion
Congressmen suffer in efforts to frame up
bills that will pass?
The answer to all is, that there is impera
tive need to regulate these common carriers
in order to abolish the abuses which have lain
at the bottom of many other trust enormities,
and that there is a groping about for some
means whereby this may be accomplished. As
for the silence, if not complacence of the
roads, when they are passing into one vast,
impregnable system, the railroad kings may
well afford to view without alarm the futile
bills, so long as the simple solution of gov
ernment ownership, in connection with con
trol, is being side-stepped by the very men
who ought to see that they are either wilfully
or blindly attempting a legislation adequate
for the age of the ox-cart, but ridiculously
weak and ineffective in the present age.
* * * &
The President’s pet railroad measure would
permit the merging to continue until all the
roads were in the hands of one owner; and
the idea of the vast net-work of railways then
subjecting themselves to any rate regulation,
or dictation from a “Court of Commerce” is
so absurd that it is amazing that human rea
son should tolerate it. Os course, there could
be endless Government prosecutions, amount
ing perhaps to trivial fines, to be charged
against the business with about the same
amount of expense, and taking about as dig
nified a place as lead pencils or blotters. To
the people there would result no possible re
lief, but the creation of such a court, under
present conditions, would only prolong in
definitely the quaint fiction of regulating a
thing without owning it, and retard the day
of enlightened government control.
is very doubtful. Like a lot
of bumptious boys,, Congress
of railroads, and yet, strange
ly enough, we hear very little
of the moan that presumably
Jeffersonian
Will there be a destructive tariff war with
Canada ? It seems inevitable, unless an agree
ment be reached speedily.
Canada
Has Rights
She Will
Assert.
stance, which the American people need, and
yet, to benefit the Paper Trust, a duty that is
prohibitive has been placed on Canadian pa
per. In many other commodities a similar
condition exists.
People of the United States are not allowed
to buy what Canadian manufacturers have to
sell: and therefore Canada has declared that
goods of United States manufacture shall not
come over her borders. The rule thus work
ing both ways, hurts the people of both coun
tries and is one of the strongest, clearest and
most close-at-home illustrations of the evils
of the protective system and the benefit that
would accrue from free trade.
The imperialistic speech of Theodore
Roosevelt, before the University of Egypt, at
Cairo, was one of the most un-
Can
Nobody
Gag Him ?
ex-President to uphold the sub
jugation of any nation by another is such an
utter repudiation of American ideals and tra
ditions that it. if nothing else, should demon
strate his unfitness for further office in this
country.
With England’s rule in Egypt he has noth
ing to do. If it be so beneficial a thing for
Egyptians, it is passing strange that they are
so blind to their own interests as to have de
veloped a strong Nationalistic sentiment.
The control of Egypt, by England, is a
matter of such recent history that no repeti
tion of the how and why thereof is needed.
Doubtless it has been productive of some
things that are admirable. The same could
be said of India. The British sovereignty
there lias perhaps not been wholly, absolute
ly, irredeemably bad. There is no question
but that under other rule, the condition of the
natives might be worse. But when, in the in
evitable “course of events”, the time arises
when an acute demand begins to be felt for
self-government, only tyranny interposes ob
stacles.
Theodore Roosevelt had the bad taste to
uphold our conduct in the Philippines as sim
ilar to that of Great Britain in Egypt. There
78 much similarity it must be admitted, but
it is not to the credit of the United States or
of England that they have both done wrong
ful acts, excused upon the same specious plea
of good to the “natives”.
The “natives” of Egypt are descendants of
a race which had a proud civilization when
England was a savage wild. The natives of
the Philippines, far inferior though they be,
were yet successfully throwing off the yoke of
an intolerable oppression when we stepped in,
loosed the fetters of Spain, and reforged
them for our own mastery. And we now
hear that our rule in the Islands is “too leni
ent”. The yoke must be as heavy as of old,
or the natives may yet be free.
Tn India, there must be unceasing vigi
lance, and unremitting prosecutions and per
secutions of “traitors” if England maintains
her supremacy. Egypt is presenting the
same difficulties. Mr. Roosevelt was Presi
dent of a people who believed in freedom (at
least at one time) and who cannot without
black hypocrisy recede from the position that
“all governments derive their JUST powers
from the consent of the governed”.
The common people on both
sides are vitally affected, and
need a free commerce. Ca
nadian paper mills turn out a
splendid product, for in-
called for exhibitions he has
ever made, and to say that it is
unbecoming for an American
England says that the hope" of the Hin
doos “can never be realized”. •’We say, the
Philippines are not ready for “self-govern
ment”. Assimilated, the phrases mean that
both countries will strangle liberty by force,
if necessary. The answer to such cold-blood
ed determination to dominate a people for
ever against their vntl, is the answer of assas
sination. Wrong as it may be, futile as it
may be—it has always been so, and always
will be so.
David Josiah Brewer, Associate Justice of
the United States Supreme Court, died sud-
Another
Supreme Court
Judge Passes
Away.
scholarly man and al
though his public utterances adverse to the
Constitutionality of the Income Tax were se
verely criticised, doubtless he was sincere in
his convictions, and the appointment of his
successor, just at this time when such momen
tous questions are to be decided by the Su
preme Court relative to the suits to dissolve
the Standard Oil and Tobacco Trust is a
matter of grave public concern.
Justice Peckham was succeeded by a man
who is a disgrace to any bench. Who will fill
the vacancy caused by the death of Judge
Brewer ?
In Prussia there is going on a struggle,
characterized by deep feeling generally, and
some violence sporadicallv,
Course of
Prussian
Franchise
Reform.
similar to that which pre
vails in corporations where voting strength is
based upon the amount of stock owned, —
that is, property-holders being given prepon
derant strength' and being thus able to obtain
a representation out of all proportion to nu
merical strength. Time was when this much
freedom of ballot was a concession, but that
time has passed, judging by the discontent,
not to use a stronger term, manifested by
those who are virtually disfranchised so far
as the result of the elections is concerned.
It is well for the world to watch this Prus
sian situation closely. There is seldom a dis
cussion relative to'the ballot that does not
develop the idea that people who “own prop
erty” constitute a sort of select circle whose
word ought to be law. Particularly is this
so in cases where taxation is the issue, such
as in voting for bonds, etc. At first it seems
fair that those who own the property, and
pay taxes, should decide, but the separation
of the fit from the unfit voters can never be
made on such basis. The man who pays taxes
on a million dollars worth of property, may
never have earned a dollar of that property:
or he may have acquired it through dishonest
methods: and should have no political ad
vantage, over the day-laborer, who earns his
bread by hard work’ and pays his bills, and
abides by the laws of his community. Not
until all worthv citizens have equal voice in
affairs is true Democracy realized.
Chinese troops have invaded Thibet, and
the famous Dalai Lama, or high priest of
Queer
Doings in
the Far
East.
guest of China, who over
stayed his welcome and almost eat the Chinese
cities in which he was pleased to sojourn out
denly Tuesday night, after
twenty years of service on
that bench, to which he
was appointed by Presi
dent Harrison. He was a
for a reform of the franchise,
which is indicative of the wide
spread of domestic demands.
The suffrage there has been
that mysterious country, bare
ly escaped to the borders of
Sikkim. Tt will be remember
ed that but a short time ago,
thirf quaint individual was the