PAGE FOURTEEN
would visit the institution to see for
themselves their own relatives and
friends. Hundreds are held unneces
sarily. This is the absolute truth.
The appropriation is held up by
showing the number of inmates.
The Georgia Insane Asylum is a
slaughter pen for ihuman beings. A
few survive, but not through medical
skill —Christian science prevails
among the medical staff —either that,
or inability. An inmate drags along,
loses all hope, then becomes a total
wreck. Saneness of mind cuts little
consequence in getting released in
either sex. If your family or people
combine, you are held foi life. Men
placed in such positions, who will
comply with such requests are barba
rians of the vilest type —uncivilized
human beings. Undeniable testimony
that the management is rotten is at
hand to establish an action of con
demnation if the general public would
insist upon the investigation.
Mr. Robert B. Habersham, of Sa
vannah, whom I have known all my
life, has been an inmate of the asylum
since November, 1907. In January,
1908, I first saw Mr. Habersham. He
was then moved to Convalescent
Building from the cannibal tenants of
the Twin Building. He looked very
well and walked strongly for a while,
but he could soon hardly walk and
would fall down in the front yard. All
this was visible to many inmates of
perfect saneness. I read a letter from
Mr. Habersham’s wife, dated Savan
nah, November 29, 1908, where Super-
ANNIE THE AMIABLE
(Continued from Page 3.)
tected her from the cruelty of a brute
was ill or needed her to do his house
hold drudgery —ito cook his meals and
chop his wood.”
“Ever see her again—the little In
dian?” asked Wills.
“Yes; once,” responded his com
panion. “That was when T was going
down to leave the country. There was
a big potJach, an Indian feast, to be
held at the mouth of the Tanana and
about seventy-five squaws were on the
little steamer when I got aboard.
Among them was Annie the Amiable.
She asked me where I was going and
1 replied, ‘Outside.’ To the Alaskan
Iridian that means San Francisco.
“ ‘You go San Flancisco?’ she ques
tioned eagerly.
‘ ‘ ‘ Much more! ’ I replied.
“ ‘Bimeby you come back?’
“ ‘No—never come back —stay out
side,’ I answered.
“She was silent all the way down
to the mouth of the river. Just be
fore the steamer stopperl she came to
me, offered her hand and solemnly
suggested : ‘ Maybe you lie —you come
back bimeby, yes?’
“After I had assured her that I
was not joking and that I was really
going outside to live, she turned
quickly and followed the last of the
other squaws over the side of the lit
tle steamer to the shore. The bell
signaled to go ahead and I glanced at
the little group of squaws.
“There, at the water’s edge, stood
the poor little savage outcast, big
tears rolling down her coppery cheeks
and I caught the wailing words:
intendent L. M. Jones had recently
written Mis. Habersham that her hus
band’s improvement was wonderful
ly advanced, but he was not quite
well. In the name of God, how can
men who represent themselves as con
scientious Christians boldly lie in
such outrageous manner. Emphasiz
ing, Mrs. Habersham used Superin
tendent Jones’ words —she felt so
overjoyed that the head official inti
mated strongly that “Mr. Robert B.
Habersham would shortly be home.”
It is a sad state of affairs to know
that a man’s life is thought so little
of and his days shortened by deceit
ful and dishonorable information,
written with full knowledge that the
patient ’s condition is much below the
average—really in an extremely weak
and feeble state. Dr. Jones has seen
Mr. Habersham, and knows well his
feeble state of health. Dr. Y. A. Lit
tle had charge of Mr. Habersham up
to January 1, 1909, fully fourteen
months.
People do correct informa
tion as to real condition of their rela
tives. This is one of the out-and-out
fies of the vilest kind that could have
been formulated in a brain that is
entrusted with the responsibility of
knowing what they state to be true
and correct in the supervision of the
unfortunate and dependent patients.
When men of prominence tell un
truths, an ordinary man should not be
punished. This is only another in
stance of rottenness in management.
R. F. Downing, Sr.
“ ‘He go to San Flancisco. He no
come back!’
“That was the last I ever saw’ of
Annie.”
*******
A‘Well,” suggested Wills. “A wo
man’s a woman, the world around!”
Then raising his glass he said:
“Here’s to Annie the Amiable —to
Annie the Rejected; may she who
wins where Annie lost prove to be as
devoted as the Outcast of the High
Bar! ’ ’ —Woman’s World.
From the heart we rejoice that there
w’ill be no appropriation made to bring
immigration to our country. We are
heartily in favor of the North Caro
lina Congressman’s bill to put a $12.00
duty on each one who comes to our
country. It would be productive of
two benefits. It would improve the
quality of the immigrant, and give to
our country revenue that would come
as a free gift to the American people.
Every immigrant brought to our coun
try will lessen the opportunities of
some unborn American child. Florida
should bring Americans if she thinks
that crowding our state with people
will benefit our people.—Polk County
Record.
The Athens Banner remarks that
“the Southern democrats may have a
chance in 1912 to vote for a Southern
man for president.’’The Banner is not
really serious about it. Like a lot of
sheep, we will all fall in line and
again nominate the Nebraska preach
er in 1912. —Herald-Journal.
'Seffersonian
FREE Dollar Bottle Vitaline
■ . ■ W On Tr|al
Dr. Rainey says: * My scientific form- y MAKEZS
ula of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases and symr> wSSSirtJVs-Sk.
toms mentioned below —it’s the most certain of all and |>frD|( ißggSzx)
there is no doubt about this. Vitaline tablets are just the g J 1M JJI ■
treatment so many are looking for, what they should have ■ an q —A
and must have to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. It /wRKEJ
makes no difference bow weak you are nor how long you lU St A I IMI
have hadyour trouble, Vitaline will easily over- _J | J JuiaJUJ Jb Aj I' WL\
come it—it will not fail nor disappoint you.”
Mt«VOU» WMKStSS,
Wornout Feeling, Weak, Aching Back, Lack of / and four cents postage stamps
Strength, Energy or Ambition, Bad Dreams, Poor W ——Z to get the bottle to you—that’s
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. g|| you have to do to receive a dollar
STOMAOH TROUBLES- Patn J? Stomach, Loss of ■ b<> ttie Vitaline tablets. We Went ■
m —7 M ej; B nothing for them until you can say With ■
Section, Bad Taste or Breath, Sick Headache, Bloated, ■ a alad heart that vou have at last found ■
ij-wwmws IS I
Shoulder Blade. Short Breath, Weak. Sinking, Cold or g so, which we abide by that s the ■
Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing In ■ understanding.
Excitement or Exertion. ■ Vitaline tablets act on the Vita- I
ntTIDDU Hawking, Spitting, Nose Running Watery ■ Organs that generate the vital warmth ■
GATARnn— Yellowish Matter, or Stopped Up, ■ and the nerve force which makes one ■
Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Pa!ns I I ■
Bladd6r ’ LUnr,, ’ BtOm " Ch ° r B ° Welß “* I robus/strength and W giv'e you I
becatatrn. s vigor and vitality every day and restore ■
BLOOD TROUBLES-2 ene L? 1 Debility, Paleness, ■ yO u so quickly and completely you I
■LUUU inuußU9- Th j n| Weak Run-Down, Ner- ■ Hever kI ? ow there WM anything the ■
vous, Rash, Sores,Ulcers, Pimples, Chilly or Feverish, || matter.
Loss of Flesh and Strength. | vitaline tablets are guaranteed under I
- ■ u. S. Pure Food and Drugs Act—Serial I
_ n-i--- Ri is> Lake St Wal V • No. 3877—y0u have never had anything ■
Dfa Rainey H«<licin< CO., D«P*. OL S* a H i_~ them oombinfng their wonderful H
healing strengthening power.
on trial, and if it proves satisfactory I Will sand you ■ We send you our beautifully lllustra- ■
SI.OO, otherwise I will pay you nothing. ■ ted book, ‘•Vitality’’—you have never ■
■ ■Hsah B een one like It. Our testimonials from ■
people cured after ten to forty years of I
Name doctoring will convince you of all we I
- claim for Vitaline. * ■
Addrett ——
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes —the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their hoys who get the largest number of
subscriptions to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE or WATSON’S
WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN between now and July 4, 1909, I will
give a handsome
Gold Watch and Chain
which will be worth at least $25.00-.
Second prize: A rifle or shot gun for the boys, and a gold ring for
the girls.
Third prize: Your choice of “Napoleon”, “Jefferson”, “Bethany”,
“Life and Speeches” or “Waterloo”.
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
JUST OUT
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine for June
Tom Watson’s Illustrated Article on
Foreign Missions
Is Worth the Price of Ten Years’ Subscription
WATERLOO
* ‘Tom Watson Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces: we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man! We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where is Grouchy!
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.” i , '
Handsome letterpress and paper, ototh-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Go.