PAGE TEN
7ET7EAJ MOM THE PEOPLE
THE POPS ARE ALIVE IN TEXAS.
Paris Texas, July 3, 1908.
Dear Sir: Hard times, high taxes, a reck
less expendature of the peoples money —no
record of the vote in the Congressional Record
is putting the think cap on many voters and
you know when the voters begin to read and
think their eyes get open and they see moun
tains where they were only mole hills before.
If a majority of men would study the plat
form demands of all political parties, compare
the abilities of all candidates and then vote
for what they want instead of voting for
what they don’t want, special privilege would
soon vanish, and a better government and a
happier people would be the result.
The veteran reformer Col. H. L. Bentley is
touring the state and holding conferences with
the old guard Populist and meeting with
success. The boys are lining up and getting
ready for a vigorous kick. Think we can
open a Jeffersonian school soon when we will
want books and papers galore. I hope Mr.
Watson will have an audience on the 9, that
can only be estimated too large to count.
Much success, Yours trulv,
H. M. M’CUISTAIN.
St. Louis, Mo., March 28, 1908.
Editor Watson’s Magazine:
I am an Englishman and have been reading
with interest your “Life of Andrew Jackson.”
In your April issue you say, speaking of the
English troops encamped before New Orleans:
“Let them come on, those brutes who raped
screaming girls at Hampton * * * * these
devils incarnate, who, in Spanish and Portu
guese cities, practised such enormities of
atrocious cruelty and lust as makes the blood
run hot and cold, etc. etc.”
Now I have studied English history at some
length, and have nowhere come across evidence
ARMY OF 250,000 PLANNED FOR THE
UNITED STATES.
(Special to The World.)
Pine Camp, New York. President
Roosevelt’s plan to create virtually a standing
army of 250,000 men, organized into eight
army corps and ready for instant service, was
outlined today by Gen. Robert bhaw Oliver,
Assistant Secretary or War. General Oliver
bad completed a critical inspection of Pifft
Camp and was resting at headquarters on
Hog’s Back when asked for a statement as t »
the real purpose of his visit. With the ut
most frankness he revealed the details of a
definitely adopted plan which will bring Fed
eral and State troops together in one great
military organization trained and equipped for
any emergency.
“Two years from now,” said General Oli
ver, “we expect to have a force of 50,000 men,
regulars and volunteers, mobilized al this
camp if the Government decides to purchase
it,
Oiir plan is to establish eight great ma
neuvres camps at different points throughout
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
that British troops committed excesses of the
kind named by you. In fact their wars have
been so far as I am able to learn conducted
upon as high a plane, or higher, than those
of any other nation, and their troops have a
deserved reputation for refraining from the
abuse of women in captured cities.
Os course there may be exceptional instan
ces to the contrary, as you will find individual
human brutes in all armies, even American,
but your article seems to imply that abuse
of women by them was the rule and not the
exception.
I would be pleased to have you cite author
ities, if you know of any, for your sweeping
indictment of English trodps.
J. J. PAUL.
Answer.
Evidently, Mr. Paul has never read Napier’s
“History of the Peninsular War.” Let him
do so and acquaint himself with the horrible
atrocities of the British soldiers in Spain and
Portugal, as related by the British historian.
Then let him read any detailed narrative of
the War of 1812 in the United States, and he
will get the facts as to the barbarities at
Hampton.
Apparently, Mr. Paul is not familiar with
the awful barbarities attending the suppres
sion of the Indian Mutiny, nor does he seem
to know anything about the “prison ships”
on which American captives were done to
death during the Revolutionary War.
In other words, Mr. Paul has much to
learn and no time to lose, if he wants to get
posted.
As a starter, I suggest that he read up on
the pastimes known as “pig-sticking” and
“concentrating,” as practised by British
soldiers during the Boer War.
the country. At these camps we will assem
ble ail regulars not on foreign service and
every regiment of State volunteers.
“There are no longer any militia men,”
continued the General, with a smile. “They
are all United States voluhteers. In the event
of war they are part of the regular army un
der the new law. Up to this time the Presi
dent has been powerless to direct the manage
ment cf State troops. It is so no longer.”
Great Plan.
“The plan is to organize this new army in
eight army corps,” he continued. “Pine
Camp, or whatever camp we select for the
East, will be the annual manuevering ground
for the first army corps. It will include every
regiment in New York, Pennsylvania and New
England.
“Yearly these regiments will train in ma
neuvres side by side with regulars. The inev
itable result will be a general efficiency that
will give us a standing army of 250,000 avail
able for any emergency. Os this army a part
will be thoroughly trained and the balance par
tially so. Every regiment will know its corps
position and rapid mobilization can be effected
GOVERNMENT BY INJUNCTION.
Cleveland, Ohio., July 6, 1908.
Dear Sir: In the Jeffersonian of July 2,
1908, Subject, “Government by injunction”
you state that Federal judges have ordered
bodies of workmen not to strike. —Not to meet
in their own halls to discuss a strike, etc. You
could have added that City Councils have
been enjoined from passing an ordinance etc.
I am interested in the labor problem, and
I should be pleased if you would mention some
cases where the courts had done as you stated,
also give me the names of some of the judges
and the railroads they formerly served.
You may send the information by personal
letter or through the Jeffersonian.
Regretting my inability to be at Atlanta to
hear you speak on July 9, 1908, I am
Fraternally yours,
CYRUS F. RAYMOND, Per. W. C. R.
Care The Warner & Swasey Co., Cleveland O.
(If you will write to Hon. Sam Gompers,
Washington, D. C., he will send you tabulated
data. The decisions in the Union Pacific
cases, in the coal strike cases, in the stock
yard cases, and many others occur to us.)
POPULIST ELECTORS IN NEBRASKA.
Dear Mr. Watson: In Nebraska will the
Populists have separate electors or will they
be identical with the Bryan electors —If same
Watson vote will be blank —if different Wat
son ’s vote will be substantial —this will bear
watching and should receive immediate at-
Sincerely yours,
E. M. N. July 10, 1908.
Answer: Watson and Williams electors will
be in the field in Nebraska, as in other states.
without any confusion. ’ ’
The Assistant Secretary of War left no
doubt as to the definiteness of this plan. “T
will myself put this organization into effect,”
said he, “within the next two years, but if
1 should be forced to drop out for any reason
the plan will surely be carried through. That
has been decided.”
COTTON GRADING WILL BE TAUGHT.
An institution for the purpose of educating
pupils in grading and classifying cotton is now
projected for Milledgeville, Ga., and it will be
one of the first of its kind in the country. It
is to be known as the American Cotton Col
lege, and will begin operation on September
first. Expert cotton men will be instructors.
This is knowledge that has heretofore had to
be gained by hard practical experience, often
extending over years, and yet there is no
reason why the science of cotton grading
should not be successfully taught in a techni
cal school. If the coming generation of farm
ers can be taught how to grade cotton, and
handle it in the proper grades, it will mean the
saving of many a dollar to the South,