PAGE TWELVE
THE BANK OF VENICE.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
Founded in the year 1171, the Bank of
Venice lived and flourished for 626 years.
An institution which thus came so near
living to the age of Methusaleh deserves
considerable notice.
In 1171 there was a war between Ven
ice and the Roman empire of the East.
Venice being hard up for cash bor
rowed 2,000,000 ducats from her rich citi
zens.
In return for this loan the government
simply gave the lenders a credit on the
government books for the amount loaned.
In other words, if a citizen loaned 100
ducats to the government, he was entered
upon the government books as a creditor
to that amount. He held a receipt, or
certificate, against the government for the
amount of his claim.
Now the Venetian republic succeeded
in its war with Constantinople, captured
that city, and became very rich and pow
erful.
Hence a claim against the government
was perfectly good; and people doing
business with each other preferred these
claims against the government to gold or
silver.
For instance, suppose a merchant of
Venice held a claim for 100 ducats against
the government: he wished to buy goods
from a merchant in Constantinople to the
amount of 100 ducats: to send the gold or
silver was dangerous and costly: to send
a transfer of his claim against the gov
ernment was safe and cheap; the mer
chant in Constantinople preferred the
claim against the government to silver or
gold because it w r as equally valuable, and
much more easily kept; hence the transac
tion between the two merchants was clos
ed, to their mutual satisfaction and
benefit, by the transfer of the debt which
one of them held against the government.
These government credits were pre
ferred by Venetian traders for many
of the reasons which at this day create
such a ravenous hunger for bonds.
Bonds are mere government credits, yet
we have just seen how eagerly gold is ex
changed for them.
1 he Bank of Venice, founded upon this
loan of 2,000,000 ducats, was a govern
ment bank. At the beginning it was
merely a "chamber of loans.”
The credits we have spoken of supplied
the circulating medium. The transfer of
these credits upon the books of the bank
was equivalent to so much money chang
ing hands.
In 1423 a cash office was added, and the
Bank of V enice received and returned
cash deposits.
in 1587. a discount office was added.
Thus we see the great republic of the
\ enetian cities running, for hundreds of
years, a bank which had the three de
partments of the modern bank—circula
tion, deposit, and discount.
But the two latter departments never
interfered with the original system of
transferable credits used in the payment
of debts
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
At first the government allowed four
per cent interest on the loans. In 1423
the interest was abolished, and thereafter
none was paid.
At first the loan was made on the prom
ise of repayment. Soon the transfer sys
tem became so much more convenient and
desirable, as a circulating medium, that
no one wished for repayment. All prefer
red to hold the claims against the govern
ment. Consequently in 1423 all promise
of reimbursement was abolished.
After 1423 whenever a citizen gave his
gold in exchange for a government credit,
he could never demand the gold again.
No coin was kept as a specie basis of
credit. No "Gold Reserve” maniac had
then been discovered and worshipped as
a statesman.
The bank lived 400 years after it ceased
to promise to return gold for gold. It
lived on the strength of the government,
and on the demand for a cheaper and
more convenient way of making settle
ments than with gold and silver coins.
The credit money of the Bank of Venice
was not only as good as gold, all over
the republic and throughout the terri
tory its commerce invaded, but it com
manded a premium of 20 per cent over
gold.
The amount of this credit money which
was worth a fifth more than gold reached
$16,000,000.
The population of Venice proper was
200,000, but she ruled over an extent of
territory both land and sea, which was
equal to nearly one-half of what the Ro
man Empire had been in its best days.
At the time Napoleon conquered Ven
ice its merchants were the richest in the
world, and the government bank was a
vital part of their magnificent commercial
system.
In 1423, the government abolished the
interest, as we have said. It thus saved
to the taxpayers four per cent interest
for 400 years. On each million ducats
this little saving amounted to $6,250,-
000,000,000.
Fhe merchants could well afford to
have the interest abolished because the
government credit was really a money
they could put out at interest to private
parties, and as long as their wealth was
represented by a government credit it
could only be lost when the government
perished. By getting the government
bank to hold his cash the citizen insured
it against all risks so far as human pru
dence could do it. and saved it from taxa
tion.
After 1423, the Bank of Venice issued
its credits without any promise of re
demption. Hence a government credit,
used among the merchants, was practi
cally "irredeemable paper money.” Yet it
not only answered all the purposes of
gold for 400 years, but commanded a pre
mium of twenty per cent.
Why?
Because the credit of a great govern
ment is always better than a temporary
and perishable lot of coin.
Why do United States bonds bring a
premium over gold?
Because they constitute a government
credit.
Would greenbacks carry the pledge of
the government, just as the bonds do?
Certainly.
Would greenbacks, based on the credit
of the government and drawing no inter
est, be equal in value to gold and silver?
Certainly.
Then why not issue greenbacks and
save the interest on the bonds?
Because the Stewart Syndicate of mil
lionaires not only wanted their money
put where it would be safe, and where
if would be untaxed, but wanted interest
also.
Having in their employ a president
whom they have enriched, they naturally
got from this president just what they
bargained for when they put him there—
bonds with interest, instead of green
backs without interest.
I? M M
The Weaning of Watered Stock.
Letters received from correspondents
lead us to believe that many of our read
ers would be glad to have an explanation
of the term "stock-waiering.”
The name is said to have had its origin
in the trick of the cattle men who salted
their herds, just before marketing, so as
to make the beeves drink themselves full
of water and greatly increase their
weight when sold.
The man who salted his cows and thus
made them weigh more than they natural
ly should have done, was said to have
"watered his stock.”
'fhe man who bought the beeves by
weight was said to have bought “water”
along with beef.
1 o the extent that the cattle had been
made to fill themselves with water, the
purchaser had been swindled.
This simple explanation will enable our
readers to understand what is meant by
"watering' corporation securities. The
actual, honest investment of money in the
corporation represents the cattle in their
natural condition.
The issuance of stocks and bonds, over
and above the actual investment, repre
sents the water which the cows were
made to drink.
"Watered stock means securities
which the owners of a railroad, for ex
ample, issue to themselves, over and
above the actual investment of money.
The men on the inside inflate the corpo
ration with these stocks and bonds, which
cost nothing, and unload them on the pub
lic-just as the cattle dealers unloaded the
water along with the beef.
Where a corporation has increased its
capitalization in this manner, its stock is
said to have been "watered.”
The securities so issued, representing
no actual investment of money, is called
"Watered Stock.”
It is estimated that at least eight bil
lion dollars of water is now in the railroad