PAGE EIGHT
Obe Jeffersonian
Office of Publication:
195 MARIETTA STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, ONE DOLLAR PER YEAR
ADVERTISING RATES FURNISHED ON APPLICATION
Entered at the Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second
class mail matter.
REMITTANCES
Stamps will be accepted for amounts less than SI.OO.
Do not send checks for less than sl. CO.
Ten cents exchange must be added to all local checks,
to cover cost of collection.
Money orders and checks should be made payable to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
M ATxfctfc *B th® above date appears on
£wß fi*BIB the label on your paper it
9 means that your subscrip
tion expires this month. Subscriptions are discon
tinued promptly on date of expiration. RENEW
NOW.
Atlanta, Ga., April 7, 1910
Read This, and Tell Six Others
About It, Asking Each of the
Six to Tell Six Others
When my wife and I started to housekeep
ing, neither of us had anything. We both
worked hard, and lived economically. I re
member yet the thrill of pleasure with which
I entered our little parlor after she had put
down the cheap carpet, hung the wall-paper,
and draped the two windows with lace cur
tains which I had bought with one of my
hard-won law fees.
But by 1889, I thought enough dollar
chasing had been done; and that the dream
of my boyhood might, at length, be worked
out. Ask any old Mercer boy, and he will
tell you that, even in college. I was the
Tribune of the people. It has been the pas
sion of my life.
So, in 1889, when about $40,000 had been
earned and well invested, I left the profes
sion—for good, as I thought, but without
burning any law-books—and went before the
folks. Carried them by storm. This didn’t
surprise me in the least. I had felt that what
was in my heart was in theirs. Lord! Old
Brother Peepul and I just mopped the earth
with Court-house rings and town politicians.
Nothing like it had even been known in Geor
gia. We knocked the breath out of my op
ponent, and he just quit, long before the elec
tion. (
So sure was I that the partnership between
me and Old Bro. Peepul was a lasting one,
that I bought a little thirty-feet slice of baked
mud in Washington City, and settled down
to study and wubk. (Bought the house on
the installment plan. Rumor kindly said Re
publicans gave it to me. Had to part with it
at a heavy loss, after I was defrauded out of
my seat in Congress.)
What we handfid of Pops did for the peo
ple, in one term, may be seen throughout the
Union, and future ages will bless our names.
Pinkerton “deputies” no longer supply cor
porations with a private army. Brakemen
no longer get maimed or killed, coupling cars.
And the Rural carrier brings Civilization to
the doors of the remote farm house.
But the corporations just couldn’t stand the
Pops. Out we went, amid the curses of the
downtrodden masses whom we were risking
our lives to serve.
Boodle, lies, dirty tricks, foul crimes, news
paper denunciation were too much for us.
We had to go. And by the time I had tried
to buck the combination for five years, I was
broke. When the Sheriff entered upon the
scene, with executions to sell me out, I
thought it was time for' me to throw’ up the
political sponge. Tn fact, the Pops, gener
ally, were hacked and disspirited.
"3<ffersonlan
The moment I hung out my shingle as a
lawyer, here came the dollars. In spite of
the tyrannical brow-beating of certain
Judges, and the prejudices of Democratic ju
rymen, I won verdicts all over the State. My
income ran up higher than it ever had done.
Toombs and Ben Hill themselves never made
more money practising law’. And I knew
how to invest, too. Furthermore, to cinch
matters, I gave my wife about half that had
been made.
In 1904, the T. C. and I agreed, for con
venience sake, that all of the property should
be returned in my name. Therefore, in the
Comptroller's office in Atlanta it appeared
that a sudden increase in my estate had been
made.
The amiable always amiable Atlanta
Journal more than intimated that the Re
publicans had given me boodle. Nobody
thought to look to see what had become of
Mrs. Watson’s property.
The JournaVs innuendo was so vile that I
did not notice it. Perhaps, that was one of
my mistakes.
But here’s wdiat I’m coming to:
Having made as much money as my mod
erate wants require, I went hack to the old
job of being a Tribune. Have been hammer
ing aw 7 ay now for five years —two on the
New’ York magazine, and three on The
Jeffs.
AJf HERE TO STAY, TOO.
They could thrust me out of Congress, but
they failed to banish me from the affection
and the confidence of Old Brother Peepul.
That partnership is in business again, not at
the same old stand, but at a better place.
An office-holder is never absolutely inde
pendent. An editor may be, if he will. An
office-holder seldom moulds public opinion.
The editor can. The office-holder is never
sure of his tenure. The editor can hold his
holt, no matter how the weather changes.
Men and Brethren! 7’w, not out for the
dollars. Have got just as much of the Filthy
as I want. Could easily earn $20,000 a year,
if I'd consent to accept the fees pushed my
way. There w’as my old friend Colonel W. A.
Huff, of Macon, offering me SI,OOO cash, a
few days ago, to argue his case in the United
States Court. Just couldn’t leave The Jeffs.
They are my very life —and the children
can't be neglected. I mean to make giants of
them, and I mean to make every Congress
man from the South and West sit up and take
notice. YOU BET I DO.
This thing of merely making academic
speeches, sending out garden seed, and doing
nothing for the general and permanent relief
of Old Brother Peepul has gone on long
enough.
Minor groups in Europe get things done;
and the little eorporaVs guard of Pops got
things done, and we mean to put men in Con
gress who won’t come whining about the Re
publican majority.
Confound their trifling hides! They haven’t
tried, as they should, to do anything for you.
Some of them are full of red liquor, most of
the time; and some of them gamble most of
the night: and some of them run after women.
They don't buckle down to hard work, as
such men as La Follette do. They just ease
along as though it didn’t matter much how
things went, so long as you kept them on the
United States pay-roll.
ROYS. I MEAN TO MAKE THEM
TURN OVER A NEW LEAF! I’m going
to work, like fighting fire, to relieve the
South and West from Eastern oppression,
and I intend, if God spares my life, to get a
more on these Congressmen.
ARE YOU WITH ME?
Unless you are, I can’t do a thing. If these
idling, ineffective office-holders are not made
to feel that there is a close partnership be
tween me and Old Brother Peepul, my labor
w’ill come to naught.
Will you help? Will you do what the
headline asks?
Get in touch with me. And stay put. As
for me, here is my life-work, and no preacher
was ever more consecrated. You are already
behind me, 40,000 strong. Can’t you see that
it is having its influence on candidates for
office?
GET BEHIND ME, ONE HUNDRED
THOUSAND STRONG, and we will knock
that New England crowd hell-west and
crooked!
Haskell, the Crook, “Marching
Through Georgia ”
It was in singularly bad taste for our Pro
hibition friends to invite to this State the no
torious Charles N. Haskell, of Oklahoma.
The man is undergoing prosecution for of
fences involving moral turpitude. He has re
sorted to the flimsiest technicalities to avoid
a meeting with the facts.
He is the man whose brass bands played
“Marching Through Georgia”, at the Denver
Convention.
The Haskell crowd w 7 ere angry with the
Georgia delegation because of its refusal to
support Bryan; and the playing of that song
w’as only a portion of the insulting treatment
accorded by the Haskellites to the Georgians.
During the .campaign which followed,
Haskell was forced to resign from the Chair
manship of the Campaign Committee, be
cause it came out that he was a Standard Oil
creature.
He borrowed a large sum of money from
a bank, putting up stock, etc., as collateral;
and when the bank sued to collect the loan,
HaskelTs wife. came forward and claimed
that the securities were her property.
If her assertion is true, her husband is a
common cheat and swindler.
If it is false, she must be acting under the
duress of her husband. Take it either way
you like, the transaction is a disgrace to Has
kell.
Considering all these things, don’t you
think that the Atlanta gentlemen, upon
w 7 hose invitation this lost-out politician came
to Georgia, made a thundering mistake?
I’d give a thrip, and then a quarter more,
to learn how this slippery, malodorous person
fished for and caught that invitation.
The Presbyterian’s Sockdolager
“Here is some testimony that ought to make a
lot of critics dumb. Says the Missionary Review:
‘Mr. Winston Churchill tells us in his last book,
“My African Journey,” that Uganda is the only
country he ever visited where every person of a
suitable age went to church every Sunday morn
ing. He estimates the number of native Chris
tians in Uganda at 100,000. Mr. Churchill also
says that he never saw better order or happier
homes than in this central region of Africa, where
a few years ago pioneer missionaries were merci
lessly put to death by natives.’ ”
Well, I must hold forth on that, a bit.
Whose fault is it that people do not go to
church more generally in Christendom, than
in Central Africa ? Why is it that the church
es are losing out, in the large cities of Europe
and America?
If there are 100,000 native Christians in
Uganda, why keep on sending money and
missionaries there? Why not leave these na
tive Christians to convert the remainder of
the African heathen ?
How do we know that the Uganda negroes
will not grow tired of church going, when the
novelty wears off, and when the missionary
and. his money depart?
See how the negroes of San Domingo— who
were all Catholics and, ahurch-goers under the
French rule— have either sunk into' the origi
nal African superstitions, or have become ut
terly indifferent to religion !
The fact that should strike The Presby
terian “dumb” is, that only one-third of the