SAY OF OTHER EDITORS
“A traiff on cattle does not make
meat high,” says Senator Lodge.
Then what is the tariff for? —Week-
ly Herald, Dayton, Tenn.
Senator Gore coined an apt phrase
when he said the other day that the
present tariff enables one man to get
without earning what another man
earns without getting.—Ocala Ban
ner.
Well put. We do not think that a
volume could say more. New Eng
land has gotten what she has not
earned, and the South and West have
earned that which they did not get.
Such phrases as the above should
cause the public to think. —Tarpon
Springs (Fla.) Leader.
We notice that some of our na
tional lawmakers have discovered
(?) that the tariff may be responsi
ble for the high price of meat.
Strange they had not thought of that
sooner. What about the other high
priced necessities —raiment as well
as food? Strange it had not pene
trated the pates of this Alwise Com
mon-Payne-Aldrich, Taft & Co.
crowd before. The last tariff bill is
the most infernal outrage that was
ever perpetrated upon a civilized and
free (?) people. Will the people
never realize that this indirect rob
bery is a thousand fold worse than
the chicken or horse thief that takes
your property while you sleep? How
long, oh Lord, how long can it en
dure?—Gwinnett Journal, Lawrence
ville, Ga.
Secretary Wilson, of the Depart
ment of Agriculture, declares that
“it cost more to get the common ne
cessities of life in the United States
today than in any other country in
the world,” but that the tariff is not
to blame for it. We believe the Sec
retary until he gets to the “but,” but
after that we don’t. Our are
the highest in the world. The pres
sure of these facts upon the public
mind is getting too strong for the
priests of protection.—Norfolk Land
mark.
The price of shoes will be advanc- •
ed from ten to 15 per cent.; this is
because of the recent tariff law. Un
til the Dingley bill was passed, hides
were admitted free; the Dingley bill
put a 15 per cent, duty on hides,
which tariff has never been removed,
and the result is that we have to
pay that much more for shoes. The
duty on coal 67 cents per ton; the
cost of mining a ton of coal is about
50 cents. The duty is one-third more
than the whole cost of the labor. In
this there seems to be no particular
benefit to any one except the mine
owner. These are only two or three
items that have been taken from the
present tariff law. —Kansas Com
moner, Wichita, Kans.
The more .the Ballinger matter is
discussed the ranker it becomes.
Very little attention should be paid
to the report of the committee. It
has been intended as a whitewash
from the start. First, there was to be
no investigation. The certificate of
pure white mountain top snow was
to be enuf. But public opinion
would not have it so. Then an in
vestigation was demanded, and to in
fluence a verdict Attorney-General
Wickersham made a report clearing
him again. The joint Congressional
committee was ordered. The House
by a union of insurgents and Demo
crats took the appointment away
from the Speaker and conferred it
on the House. Then there was
alaiyn, the President rushed to the
rescue and prevailed on the insur
gents to prevent the Democrats from
getting in on that deal, so the Presi
dent was to select the committee.
Then it was left to a Republican
caucus which not only selected its
own members, but insisted on select
ing the Democratic members also. In
the meantime the Democrats met
and elected the two Democrats they
wished, but the President and Re-
publican Representatives would not
have it, so there you have the com
mittee. Cannon was beaten, but the
President rushed to his aid and Can
nonism prevailed and a Ballinger
committee was appointed. In the
Senate the Vice-President appointed
the committee, and a Ballinger com
mittee from top to bottom was ap
pointed. Such tactics will not help
Ballinger in the eyes of the people.—■
Watertown (S. Dak.) Times.
What they call a “Layman’s Mis
sionary Campaign,” had a “rally” at
Pittsburg, last week, and a resolu
tion was adopted increasing Pitts
burg’s offering to Foreign Mission
work from the $194,000 of last year,
to $400,000 for 1910. Os this amount
$3 50,000 had already been pledged
by the various denominations. The
United Presbyterians guaranteed
$107,000 of the amount. We notice
that where social and political cor
ruption are greatest there religious
fanatics do most abound. Think of
sending that much money out of the
country, to support lazy missionaries
abroad, and feed and clothe and edu
cate a lot of pagans, who are better
and happier as they are, while thou
sands at home are steeped in ignor
ance, superstition and degradation!
And these deluded “Christians” do
not pay any taxes on their millions
of dollars’ worth of church property,
and they rob the people of millions
more to send to “the heathen.” Here
is room for the real reformer, quite
as much as in fighting the corrupt
political “machine.” American
Whip, Lancaster, Pa.
At the Missionary Conference at
Macon a few days ago a Mr. Ellis, of
Philadelphia, took good occasion to
abuse Hon. Thos. E. Watson. The
reason that he did so is because he is
mad with Mr. Watson for refusing to
debate the Foreign Mission question
with him in Atlanta. The more we
learn about this delectable Philadel
phian the more we are sure that any
debate with him would be beneath
the dignity of any person of conse
quence. The manner in which he
abused Mr. Watson ought to have
brought shame to the face of every
person present. When he began to
vilify a fellow Georgian of the type
of Mr. Watson he ought to have been
stopped in short order or thrown
from the hall. —Millen (Ga.) News.
News dispatches from Washington,
dictated by Lon Livingston, say he
has never been drunk in his life.
There have been times when such
dispatches may have been credited,
but any man who has looked into
that Hickory Nut face of his during
the past decade knows that Lon has
been using red liquor promiscuously
for a long time. They also know that
there was something wropg with Lon
when he did that wild voting during
the extra session of Congress last
year. Lon, as well as his chums, will
have a hard time explaining why they
voted for the Fitzgerald amendment.
Oh, you man of “effort.” —Tattnall
Times, Hagan, Ga.
It has been stated, as far as the
people are concerned, that the pres
ent tariff bill was a gold brick and
was beneficial only to the trusts and
corporations. However, a few figures
might be of some interest. In 1907
the bill of fare for a Thanksgiving
dinner would have cost $1.95; in
1909 the same bill of fare would have
cost $4.25. -The rubber trust de
clared a dividend of 10 per cent., and
raised its capital stock from five to
ten million. The United States steel
trust for the quarter ending Septem
-30, earned forty million dollars net,
or at the rate of 160 million per year.
Its earnings represent about forty
per cent, dividend. —Kansas Com
moner, Wichita, Kans.
The women are up in arms—as
they have a right to be —demanding
the repeal of the alw that gives the
Obfc jeffersonian
father the right to give away his
children regardless of the wishes of
the mother who brought them into
the world. Few laymen knew of the
existence of this law until the Till
man family trouble called attention
to it. Such a law on the statute
books is a disgrace to the manhood of
South Carolina, a State that boasts
of the chivalry of her sons. Now,
while the Legislature is in session, is
a fitting opportunity to have the
iniquitous law quickly repealed.
The fact that in South Carolina a
man can give away his children with
out the mother’s consent should
bring the blush of shame to every
son of the proud Palmetto State wor
thy the name of man. Change that
law!—County Record, Kingstree, S.
C.
GEORGIA’S LEADING BUSINESS
UNIVERSITY.
The Jeffersonians present elsewhere
a sketch of Mr. Eugene Anderson,
President of the Georgia-Alabama
Business College, Macon, Georgia. Mr.
Eugene Anderson has won a prom
inent place among the educators of the
South not only through the methods
that he has introduced to revolution
ize business college work in this coun
try, and to make the school-room an
actual business house, wherein stu
dents make money while learning to
pursue the office work, but also be
cause he has gone ahead of the times
by working out a practical plan by
which he can insure his graduates em
ployment as long as they live and pre
serve their moral character and keep
good business habits. It is such mas
ter strokes as this that have made the
Georgia-Alabama one of the leading
educational institutions of the land,
and Mr. Anderson deserves the high
nlace he has won among the stenogra
phers and bookkeepers of the Southern
States. His college is enrolling stu
dents now from many of the Northern
States, by reason of its enterprising
methods.
In a conversation recently Mr. An
derson said he was proud of the fact
that his college had not turned out any
students who were disappointed in
finding employment, even during the
panicky times of 1908 and 1909. He
said he found something for all who
depended upon him, and the students
are certainly strong in their praise of
him and his college. He says he
trained for his work for a quarter of
a century before embarking in it, and
this is the cause of his great success.
Mr. Anderson showed the writer
hundreds of testimonials like the one
following:
Hon. Dudley M. Hughes, Congress
man from the Third Congressional Dis
trict of Georgia: “Mr. W. N. Northrop,
whom the Georgia-Alabama sent to me
as private secretary, is one of the most
particular and accurate stenographers
I have ever seen.” Mr. Northrop
writes: “After studying five weeks
with Mr. Anderson I was able to report
a convention, at which work I made
$25 in a day and a half.”
Rev. J. M. Northrop, former rector of
St. Paul’s Church, Macon: “I consider
Mn Anderson’s method of teaching
shorthand a public benefaction.”
Full information on request by ad
dressing Mr. Eugene Anderson, Pres.,
Macon, Ga.
i Agents $55.00 j
: :
| First Contests January 6 to February 28 •
t FIRST PRIZE SIO.OO t
t SECOND PRIZE $5.00 t
t* Second Contests March Ito April 15 ♦
| FIRST PRIZE SIO.OO t
| SECOND PRIZE $5.00 t
t GRAND PRIZE 825.00 :
t January 6 to April 15 ♦
f / I I Mil X.
t OPEN TO ALL AGENTS FULL COMMISSION ALLOWED
: t
: THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga. >
Agent 5 Makess a Day
se "‘ n K our lovely Floral Wa li Mottoes:
beautiful enamel finish ; uesigned in
rich colors with Roses, Pansies, Pop
a®-. ■ pies, Fruit, etc. 75 designs and texts,
U-j Size 12xt(> in. Something entirely
- *'■ ; new. Sells on xiirlil. Every home
io'er will buy. Worth a sells for
25 ets One agent sold 1300 in 10 days.
■ 1 ■ 3'o percent profit Particulars free.
Sample 10c. HOME ART CO., 161 Randolph St., Chicago, 111.
FRUIT TREES
NUT TREES
BERRY PLANTS
Write for FREE catalogue.
We will save you money.
ROOD PECAN GROVES, Albany, Ga.
Become a Vegetarian
And become stronger, healthier, happier, clearer
beaded—and save money. Learn about V< getarlan
ism through THE VEGETARIAN MAGAZINE, (ra
duced sac-simile of cover shown here;.
I HESIOD & GAVTAMA ft ISAIAH A DANIEL ft PLATO |
ITlteGerarian J
j ZOROASTER ft ARISTOTLE- ft SENECA ft OVID ft PLVTARCH rf|
bob i
Kyra- I
I I
iftWSfL |ii
Jliiu
1 ft ft VOLTAIRE ft FRANRL!N T ft WESLET j
| iAnattcMßts tin U«9lH>sl>. iMfMtP.lipWdjnwßisMuCifHWtiaUlHzi
C .aSirasjeftMV.ußuilitarllw
LiNN/EVS ft GRAHAM ft SHELLEY ft TOLSTOI ft OSCAR 1!
The Vegetarian Magazine stands for & cleane?
body, a healthier memality and a higher morality.
Advocates disuse of liesh. fish and fowx as food; hy
gienic living and natural methods of obtaining
health. Preaches humanitarianism, purity and
temperance in all things. Upholds all that’s sensi
ble, right and decent. Able contributors. Has a
Household Department which tells how to prepare
Healthful and Nutritious Pishes without the use of
meats or animal fats. Gives valuable Tested Reci
pes and useful hints on HYGIENE, SELECTION
OF FOODS, TABLE DECORATION, KITCHEN
ECONOMY. CARE OF COOKING UTENSILS, etc.
Fall of timely hints on PREVENTION AND CURE
OF DISEASE. Gives portraits of prominent vege
tarians, and personal testimonials from those who
have been cured of Jong-standing diseases by the
adoption of a natural method of living. TELLS
HO\V TO CUT DOWN LIVING EXPENSES WITH
OUT GOING WITHOUT ANY OF LIFE’S
NECESSITIES. EXPLAINS THE ONLY WAY
OF PERMANENTLY CURING THE LIQUOR
HABIT. WAYS TO INCREASE MUSCLE
AND BRAIN POWER. Valuable hints on
Child-Culture—how to inculcate unselfishness,
benevolence and sympathy in children. A maga
zine for the whole family. Uniquely printed, veil
illustrated. Pages 7by 10 inches in size. Published
monthly. Sent postpaid to your address, 1 year, for
Bl; 6 mo‘s..s°c; 3 m05.,25c; Imo., 10c.
A free sample of a back number on
request. Address; -
The Vegetarian Company, Inc.’
No. 243 Michigan Boulevard, Chicago.
PAGE FIFTEEN