PAGE SIXTEEN
Revise Court Procedure, Urges
Thos. E. Watson
(concluded from page thirteen)
as far as he goes. But he did not follow the
subject to its logical conclusion. The right to
keep firearms in the dwelling should never
be infringed. The owning of revolvers ’and
repeating rifles, however, should be licensed,
and the carrying of weapons, concealed or
otherwise, should be carefully regulated.
Violations of such regulations should be pun
ished as felonies.
(4) Negro secret societies must be taken
in hand. The South Georgia negro who way
laid. and killed a white man, some time ago,
declared on his way to death that he owed
his ruin to the secret society. There's where
most of the deviltry is brewed. These socie
ties should be required to take out a license;
the ordinary and sheriff should have the
right of visitation; none but strictly charita
ble organizations should be allowed; and
these should be stamped out, on proof of
speeches and actions inflaming the blacks
against the whites, or counseling boycotts of
white employers.
(5) There should be a mounted policeman
on every public road., day and night, until we
get better conditions. Every strolling negro
and white man should be halted and made to
give an account of himself. If he is O. K. he
can easily do it. If he is not O. K. he is a
walking menace to the community and ought
to be treated penally as a vagrant. The idle,
insolent and criminal negro bucks of the
towns and cities ought to have the same med
icine.
It would cost some money — possibly as
much as the Laymen s meetings are demand
ing for the heathen.
Being one of the cranks who are more
deeply concerned for the future of their own
people than they they are for the Japs, and
the Chinks, and the Hindus, and the Congo
niggers, I don’t mind saying that if it did
cost us as much to protect our women and our
homes as it does to mantain charity hospit
als, dispensaries, doctors, dentists, surgeons,
schools, etc., in heathendom—the money
would be well spent. Thos. E. Watson.
Thomson, Ga., February 14.1910.
Why the Georgia Delegation Made
No Fight on the Negro, Rucker
For thirteen years, Henry Rucker has been
at the head of the Internal Revenue Depart
ment in Georgia. For thirteen years, this
sassy negro has drawn the fat salary of
$2,750 per annum.
Have the Democratic Congressmen from
Georgia made any concerted and determined
effort to oust Rucker? Have they insisted,
AND KEPT ON INSISTING, that a white
man should have that office?
No: they have not. Had they fought
Pucker, as Senator Ben Tillman fought Dr.
Crum, (the Charleston negro,) Rucker would
be out of that high position, just as Crum is
out of the Charleston custom house.
Why have the Senators and Representa
tives from Georgia submitted so quietly to
this humiliating state of affairs?
I will tell you. Rucker has held his place
mainly because Congressman Bill Howard's
father-in-law holds the next highest place in
the service. Dr. King, the white man,
WORKS UNDER RUCKER. THE NE
GRO, and gets SI,BOO per year. This he has
done, for the last ten years.
With Bill Howard’s father-in-law snugly
berthed in the Collector’s office, and Lon Liv
ingston’s grandson nicely cared for in the
Postoffice, you can begin to see some of the
loveliness of “a working arrangement” be
tween officials called “Democrats” and those
tagged “Republicans”.
You tickle me, and I’ll tickle you—’tis an
ancient game.
Glje Jeffersonian
Go and Write Your Name in the
Voters’ Book
If, by April sth, you shall not have written
your name in the voters’ book, kept by the
Tax Collector, you will have lost your right
to take part in any primary or election of
this year.
The new law is a premeditated scheme to
disfranchise two classes:
(1) The country voters.
(2) The poor men.
It is meant to do what those New Rules of
1908 had in view, towit: the concentration of
power in the towns and cities.
There is the gravest danger that this in
fernally contrived registration law will place
the State in the power of the city politicians.
WAKE UP COUNTRYMEN!
Don’t lose a day: go and write your own
name in the book.
A Terrible Indictment
A survivor of the Crimean War publishes,
in Seattle, Washington State, a paper named
The Patriarch. This grim old soldier, Ed
ward Clayson, is the most fearless of editors.
He uses language which makes mine resem
ble a Sunday-school lesson. In his last issue
he gives Seattle a piece of his mind. Only
the milder portions of this scathing indict
ment of the wicked city can be quoted:
“Seattle has witnessed, during the past twelve
or fifteen years, at regular intervals, the follow
ing shameful and wicked experiences:
“More Deaths Than Births; More Divorces Than
Marriages.
“Quack doctors, divorce shysters, degenerate
editors and undertakers are busy making money
with the victims of the amputation table, who
are increasing in numbers every year, whilst the
empty cradle with its silence stamps the gloom
of premature and violent death upon nearly every
household. This is as awful as it is true! and
yet we find such pretentious knaves as Long Ron
aid, George Cotterill & Co., moralists, parading
themselves as leaders in morality, and shouting
the great virtues of ‘prohibition and woman
suffrage.’ There is more virtue in the average
saloon in this city than there is in the average
church. I speak from experience in both places,
for in the decent saloon they talk out in meeting,
and in the degenerate church hypocrisy hides the
truth, and covers up iniquity.
“Justice calls aloud for men, not scientific nin
compoops or effeminate mollycoddles. Justice
demands that every married man should have
two votes and a half a vote for every child in
his family under age. The Government then
would be in the hands of fathers and husbands,
where it ought to be. The home would then
have its prestige, and the helpmeet at the domes
tic hearth would receive an inspiration worthy
of sympathy and affection, whilst the husband
and father, as Solomon says, ‘would be known
in the gates when he sitteth with the elders of
the land.’
“Take care of the moral, then the material will
almost take eare of itself.”
Explaining High Cost of Living
“Manufacturers and Dealers Deny Responsibility
for Advance.
“Chicago, February 16.—Defending themselves
from the charge of making excessive profits on
food products a hundred manufacturers, jobbers
and retailers at a mass meeting here outlined
what they considered the causes for the present
high prices of food. The causes, they said, were
the high tariff, the increase in the production of
gold, trusts, labor unions and the extravagance
of the average American householder.
“The meeting decided to hold further sessions,
at which resolutions will be adopted offering sug
gestions for a solution of the food problem.”
The above clipping was sent us by a North
ern friend.
The only truth contained therein is the ac
cusation against “the high tariff”.
Nothing besides that has undergone any
material change since this time last year.
Labor Unions have not been doing any
thing unusual. No sudden access to the in
crease of gold has taken place. The average
housekeeper has not suddenly thrown pru-
dence and economy to the winds during the
last twelve-month.
There has been no considerable change in
any system which affects everybody, except
ing in the tariff.
The Trusts demanded higher rates, and got
them. That’s all there is to it.
We pay more for everything, because the
new law gives the manufacturers and mo
nopolists the power to charge more.
How a Republican Paper Puts It
“ ‘We remember once before,’ recalls the Ida
Grove Pioneer, ‘that the people kicked about
prices being too high, talked about ‘the tariff
wall,’ and carried banners upon which was in
scribed, ‘We want a change.’ They got the
change, got the free trade, and they also got
free souphouses and hard times.’ ”
The free trade referred to was the Wil
son-Gorman Act, passed during Cleveland’s
second administration. So far from that be
ing a free trade act, it was one of the worst
protective measures ever enacted. It was un
der that very bill that the Sugar Trust got
in its first work and the Tobacco Trust start
ed its oppression, that finally led to night
riding and all the horrors incident to it.
As drawn by William L. Wilson, of West
Virginia, the act was a fairly good reform
measure, reducing considerably the outrage
ous duties which the Republicans had im
posed upon the country, but there wasn’t a
particle of free trade in the original act, be
cause Mr. Wilson, while probably a free
trader in theory, was too wise a man to be
lieve that he could destroy the tariff system
at one blow. When the bill reached the Sen
ate, however, Gorman, of Indiana, became
the Aldrich of the situation. He framed up,
as I remember, more than eleven hundred
amendments, every one of which represented
the greedy demands of protected capitalists.
These amendments so revolutionized the
character of the bill that Mr. Cleveland de
nounced it in his famous letter to General
Catchings, of Mississippi, as party perfidy
and party dishonor, and refused to put his
signature to the bill. He, of course, betrayed
the people himself by not vetoing it. A
President can’t side-step his responsibilities,
and, therefore, Mr. Cleveland was morally
responsible for allowing that infamous meas
ure to become a law.
Merchant Marine and Ship
Subsidy
Dear Sir: —I have not fully understood the true
meaning of “Merchant Marine” and “Ship Sub
sidy”. Would you please define in brief the two
in your weekly Jeffersonian?
Respectfully, O. A. JACOBS.
Loganville, Georgia, Rt. 4.
ANSWER.
(1) By Merchant Marine, is meant those
steamers and sailing vessels whieh carry
freight and passengers on deep water. The
term distinguishes commercial ships from
war-vessels.
When an American editor writes about
“favoring our Merchant Marine”, there is no
more meaning in his language than there
would be, were he to say that he favored
American newspapers, saw-mills, horses and
mules.
Os course, every citizen of America favors
our Merchant Marine, just as we favor any
thing else that belongs to us and is useful
to us.
(2) By Ship Subsidy, is meant the taking
of money, or other thing of value, from the
national resources, and giving it to the owner
of a ship as “a gracious gift".
The Hannacrat Republicans wish to do
nate to certain steamship companies a por
tion of our postal revenues—thus taking, for
the benefit of a few, the funds which belong
to all of us.
This they propose to do under the false