PAGE EIGHT
Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
J* 1 "— 11 II | ——■ lW ||| l , ——
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga, 14 Sept. 16, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in meney orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ton cents is added for exchange.
President Barrett Re-Elected
It would have been a cause- for universal
regret if Hon. Charles S. Barrett had per
sisted in his purpose of declining another
term as President of the Farmers’ Union.
That organization is the hope of the Cot
ton Belt, especially, and, when “the ship finds
itself”, the whole country will share in the
benefits resulting from its work.
The farmers are a peculiar people, hard to
collect and hard to hold. Individualism is ,
powerfully developed in farm life, and obe
dience to the discipline of an organization is
naturally distasteful to the average man who
on his own farm, no matter how small, is
boss. The whole layout may be under mort
gage—land, mule, wagon, cow, hogs, every
thing—but still the farmer has his own way
until the sheriff conies, and he hates like the
mischief to join anything which requires him
to pay dues for the privilege of being dis
ciplined. ... ' .
Perhaps no living soul understands these
farmers so well as Mr. Barrett. And he never
flatters them. Generally, it is just the other
way. He has the Sam Jones faculty of abus
ing people without exciting resentment. He
can “cuss out" a bunch of recalcitrants and
marplots, and do it in such away that they
like it.
Up to this time, the Farmers’ Union has
not developed anyone who could fill Barrett’s
place. In fact, no other man would be will
ing to practically abandon his home, and the
joys of quiet and peace and domestic content,
as Barrett does. Always on the go, in Cali
fornia this week and South Carolina the next,
up all hours of the night, with never a day
that he can call his own, —there are mighty
few men who could stand the physical strain,
to say nothing of the tax his position imposes
on his patience, his fortitude and his faith in
human nature.
The Farmers’ Union is a ship that hasn’t
found itself yet. It must do so without much
more delay, or it will go to pieces. The or
ganization needs a definite national purpose.
It must come to recognize the truth that the
unsatisfactory condition of the agricultural
classes is (1 ue to the fact that the financiers
of the big cities and the manufacturers of
New England have been making laws to suit
themselves. These laws confiscate the surplus
of the farmer as fast as he produces it.
Broadly speaking, the farmers are utterly un
able to clear any money under the present
system, no matter how large the crops may
be.
Now, unless the farmers themselves take
hold of the matter, and agree on a programme
of national legislative reform, who is to do it?
It is all very well to improve the ware
house system, co-operate in purchasing sup
plies, and adopt better methods of marketing,
but these things are mere surface palliatives.
You’ve got to have constitutional treatment,
Farmer, before you’ll get well.
Suppose you demand 20 cents a pound for
•cotton, and get it,—the Trusts will take it
Jeffersonian
away-from you-by advancing the price of the
things-you are obliged to buy. -* -
- You must have the laws changed, Brother
Farmer, before prosperity will ever come- to
stay. -, - - .... . ... .
........ . _ .. ® ®.
As to Dr. Paul Wakefield
Elsewhere will be found a letter from Dr.
Paul Wakefield. He denies haying said that
“we missionaries had long known” the trage
dies which grew out of the “individual in
struction” of Oriental men by young and
pretty American girls.
I will lay the facts before our readers: upon
these facts each can exercise his common
sense 2 and form his own opinion.
Dr. Wakefield delivered a missionary lec
ture in Crawfordsville,lndiana, one night last
June. Next day, the local paper, the Journal,
published an account of it. That report must
have been read by many who were in the au
dience, the night' before. Unless Dr. Wake
field has less self-esteem than any man I ever
knew, he himself had a curiosity to see what
sort of report was made of his. lecture, and
satisfied it by reading the papers.
Tie that as it may, the report of the lecture
was accepted as correct by the people who
heard it'. Nobody had any motive to misrep
resent it. - - .
.... Oik. Jno. N. Taylor, a gentleman of the
highest standing and a resident of Craw-
realized that Wakefield had made
a terrible admission, and, as Dr. Taylor had
been following, with interest my missionary
articles and had written me valuable sugges
tions on the subject, he knew that I could
make effective use of the Wakefield confes
sion. So he clipped the report, and marked
-the passage which I made the text of the edi
torial, “What We Missionaries Concealed.”
A clamor followed the publication of the
article, and it was copied -throughout the
country. It was hurting the fanatics dread
fully, and they saw that something had to be
done. 'There is no telling what pressure was
brought to bear on Dr. Wakefield. You un
derstand how these things are. But to pro
ceed:
Upon receipt of notice from Rev. Dr.
Corey, Secretary of the Foreign Missions
Board, that Dr. Wakefield, a missionary
worker under the Board, was going to deny
the report of his Crawfordsville lecture, I
wrote, to Dr. Taylor asking him to see the re
porter of ournal, and some members of
Wakefield’s audience and get their statements.
Doctor Taylor promptly replied, promising
to do so, but intimating some doubt as to
whether he could find those who would stand
fire.
Later came Dr. Wakefield’s denial, in which
he claims that he said just the reverse of what
was reported. Thinking that it would be all
right for me to apply to a brother editor
about a matter involving the honor of his pa
per and mine, I wrote him a personal letter.
As I was investigating a report published in
his paper, a direct communication to him
seemed a professional courtesy.
In doing this, I was so unfortunate as to
offend Dr. Taylor. It never once occurred to
me that in asking the editor for a personal
letter in regard to the matter, that I was. do
ing anything inconsistent with the request
made of Dr. Taylor. The securing of affida
vits from members of the audience, and from
the reporter, was one thing: a personal letter
from the editor to me was another. As least,
that was the way it seemed to me, and I was
greatly surprised and pained to receive a com
munication from Dr. Taylor declaring, in
substance, that because of my application to
the editor, he, Dr. Taylor, would “drop it”.
However, the Doctor had already accom
plished about what was desired. Affidavits
would add but little to the force of what he
says,—for Dr. Taylor is a man who is utterly
incapable of stating a falsehood. I quote a
portion of his letter:
“T had already started the inquiry by having Mr.
S. M. Coffman, formerly editor of the N ews-Rcview,
interview the reporters, one of whom got his informa
tion direct from Wakefield, the other from a lady mis
'sionary who was present and heard the address; these
had-practically consented to make affidavit to the facts
in the case:— l saw the editor of the Journal, and ob
tained all the facts in his possession; in a few days I
would have had all the facts and would have trans
mitted them to you. 1 have made it a personal matter
for fear of prejudice, but your letter changes the aspect
of the inquiry and takes it. out. of my hands, conse
quently] shall drop it.
“Wishing you success, etc., ~ • . .
“John N. Taylor.”
Now consider:
(1) The reporter had no earthly motive to
misrepresent Wakefield, and it was impossi
ble for him to have misunderstood. The El
sie Sigel case could not have been confounded
wffh any other. Such statements as, “we mis
sionaries have long known”, and “we were
not at all surprised at Elsie’s tragic fate”, are
of such a nature that it is simply unbelieva
ble that opposite statements were made and
misunderstood.
The reporter either wrote a truthful report,
or he manufactured a huge, outrageous lie,
for no reason whatsoever. . ..
(2) Wakefield is almost conclusively pre
sumed to have had human vanity enough to
want to see what the newspapers had to say
about his lecture: yet he never made any com
plaint of the report, until after he saw how
he had hurt “the cause”.
(3) The audience that heard the lecture
must have seen the report next morning; and
yet nobody “kicked” on it.
(4) The statement as to what “we mission
aries have long known” is corroborated by the
unretracted assertions of the lady mission
aries, Miss Helen F. Clark and Mrs. Florence
Todd: also, by the unrepudiated interviews
of Rev. D. Asa Blackburn and Rev. L. M.
Haldeman of New York. Another most con
vincing corroboration is found in the fact,
reported in all the New York papers, that
after Elsie Sigel’s death the missionaries be
gan to close up the Chinese mission stations,
and to declare that “individual instruction I ''
would be abandoned.
It is most regrettable that I was so awk
ward in handling the case that Dr. Taylor
did not proceed, and put the evidence in legal
shape, but, after all, this is not a courthouse
affair where technical rules apply.
This is a trial at the bar of Public Opinion,
and whAh Dr. Taylor in effect, that
the reporter says he “got his information di
rect from Wakefield”; and that a lady mis
sionary who heard the lecture had practically
consented to make affidavit sustaining the
newspaper report : and that nothing but my
letter to the editor kept Dr. Taylor from
transmitting the evidence to me in a few
days,—why, the moral effect is the same as if
the Doctor had done so.
Dr. Taylor declares that he found the
proofs to establish the fact that Wakefield
did say what was reported,—and you know
that he tells the truth. The effect on your
mind is just the same as though you had read
the statements of the reporter and the lady
missionary.
P. S.—Haven’t heard a word from my
brother-editor yet. Maybe he got nettled be
cause I wrote to Dr. Taylor.
® ®
Presidential Levities
“Th is bill is an earnest, honest effort at
downward revision”, said Mr. Taft, and he
put his signature to as infamous a betrayal
of a trustful people as ever disgraced the
statute books. Having signed the Aldrich
tariff, under which the living expenses of
every family in the United States will be
largely increased, the President hurried away
to New England to rest, play golf, attend
ball games, and smile at photographers.
The speed-mania of reckless auto drivers is
populating graveyards, from Maine to Cali
fornia, from Michigan to Florida, and Presi-