PAGE TWELVE
GLORIOUS NEWS FROM THE FLEET. '
(Continued from Page Nine.)
But let him take three, —and show the effects
of the other two —and dovVn under the wheels
he must go.
Poor Captain Qualtrough 1 He took more
than he could carry, and he is dismissed from
his ship,—disgraced before the whole world.
What a pity he had not been an army officer,
with a pull. In that case, he might have had
two wives, at the same time, and he would not
even have been tried for the crime.
UH*
Casual Comment,
Gaverner Charles N. Haskell, «f •klahema,
was shown up as a Standard Oil tool, last year,
and had to retire from a Democratic chair
manship. Later, he covered himself with glory
by vetoing a Child Labor bill which the legis
lature had passed to protect the little children
from Corporation greed. Later still he tried to
put an end to an investigation of his record by
arresting the lawyer who was making it and
seizing the evidence which had been accumu
lated.
And now Haskell has been indicted for con
spiracy to defraud the L T . S. Gevernment in the
matter of land entries.
A bad egg, Haskell.
R
Some two years ago one of the insolent
rascals of the Standard Oil Trust declared,
while testifying in New York, that he asked no
•dds of the State Courts of Missouri, and was
wholly indifferent to anything they might de
cide. Since then the prosecution of the wealthy
law-breakers has been so fearlessly and ener
getically pushed that the defiance of the Stan
dard Oil rascals has been changed into prayers
for mercy. Ousted from Missouri by the judg
ment of her highest courts, (affirmed by the
Supreme Court of the United States.) the
Trust now begs to be permitted to do business
in the State upon such terms as will put the
Trust under complete control of the State.
R
The fight which Attorney-General Hadley,
of Missouri, made against the Standard Oil
gang does him eternal honor. The contest was
long and tedious and bitter; he had all sorts,
of difficulties to overcome; there were many
discouraging circumstances to chill his zeal;
but he held on with bull-dog pluck. The vic
tory he has won is not surpassed in importance
by any civic achievement of this decade.
Missouri and Texas have blazed the way co
State control of monopolies.
It onlv remains for the people of each State
to choose honest, courageous, intelligent men
to fill the State offices.
One thing that every State ought to have is
a drastic law against the lobbyist. He is the
pest of every State-house. He is the gad-fly
of every legislature. He is the moral leper of
every Capital. The greedy Corporations hire
him to hoodwink, or seduce, or corrupt legisla
tors. An unsophisticated member goes up to
the legislature, meaning to do right, and he is
fortunate if he does not fall into the hands of
the lobbyist,—who is usually the most plausi
ble, the most agreeable and the most liberal ac
quaintance that the unsophisticated member
can make.
Alas! One of the hopes we had in support
ing Hoke Smith in 1906 was that Georgia
should be given such an anti-lobby law as our
Constitution demands. “We all’’ elected Hoke,
but we did not get what “we all" expected
r
Major Moses Wetmore has been elected as
the Missouri member of the National Demo
cratic Executive Committee. The Major, you
know, is a millionaire and has affectionate and
profitable relations with the Tobacco Trust.
Hrr is the exponent of Jeffersonian simplicity
who contributed $2,000 to the Bryan campaign
fund and evened up by drinking and smoking
'Jeffersonian
it all away, excepting thirty-five cents. Why
he did not make his eat-and-drink bill go to the
full $2,000, has not been explained.
R
Bryan’s talk-factory is now again running on
full time, and the price at the gate is normal.
Bryan pockets half, in his good old way. In
cidentally, he remarks that Democratic pros
pects are brightening.
Which proves that his half of the gate-re
ceipts is satisfactory.
Bryan always speaks optimistically when
pocketing ducats.
A Massachusetts man, named Benjamin
Hadley, died last week, leaving a large estate.
By his will, he bequeathed to President
Roosevelt a legacy of SIO,OOO. With commend
able manliness, Mr. Roosevelt rejects the
legacy.
When we recall how diligently and perse
veringly Brother Bryan chased that Bennett
legacy, and how hard he fought Bennett’s
widow in the effort to take the money away
from her, our respect for Roosevelt grows.
R
Andrew Jackson was one of the most man
ageable of men, when he was approached in
the right way. Major William B. Lewis, Amos
Kendall and Martin Van Buren could do any
thing they liked with him. It was necessary to
be very deferential, and to shape the manipula
tion,so deftly that Jackson would honestly be
lieve that he was acting of his own acord.
President Roosevelt is the same way. No
body can drive him, but lots of folks can lead
him.
Just look at the manner in which the Steel
Trust pulled the wool over his eyes. That J.
P. Morgan crowd made Roosevelt believe that,
in order to save the country, they were willing,
out of pure unselfishness, to buy a controlling
interest in the Tennessee Coal and Iron Com
pany, provided they were promised immunity
for violating the Sherman anti-trust law. The
Steel Trust rascals were so smooth and so
deferential and so plausible that the impulsive
Roosevelt became putty in their hands. He
told them, in effect, to go ahead and violate the
law, —they should not be prosecuted.
Now see the consequences. The Steel Trust
swallowed its most dangerous rival, thus
saving for itself untold millions of dollars in
the shutting off of competition. What the
Trust will make in that way, the people will
lose. To prevent corporations from thus rob
bing the people of the benefits of competition,
the Sherman Act was passed. And that was
the law which the Steel Trust violated, by
Presidential permission.
R
The immediate and direct profit to the
Steel Trust, swallowing its dangerous com
petitor. consists in the difference between
$30,000,000 and $500,000,000. Thirty million
dollars is the highest sum mentioned as the cost
of securing.the property, and the lowest valua
tion placed bv experts on the property is fixe
hundred million dollars. One estimate goes as
high as $700,000,000.
And yet there are some people who cannot
see how it is that Wall Street rascals should
want to precipitate a panic.
R
Congress is voting away your money in such
an extravagant fashion that the outgo exceeds
the income by more than a hundred million
dollars per year. The President’s horses cost
you $35,000 per year, and a stable is to be built
for the Vice-President that will cost $35,000.
The happy man who shaves Mr. Roosevelt is
one of your particular pets, and he is carried
on your pay-roll at sr,Cx>o per year. Three
dollars per day is what you pay for having
Theodore shaved, hair-clipped and shampooed.
And yet Napoleon Bonaparte, when Emperor,
used to be proud of the fact that he shaved
himself.
What an old fogy he was, to be sure. n
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
In a special message to Congress, the Presi
dent has vetoed the measure providing for the
taking of the next census.
The President declares that as the measure
gives the appointments to Congressmen, in
stead of under the civil service rules, it is a re
turn to the spoils system.
As the President has already taken away
from Congressmen the patronage of thousands
of appointments, it is not likely that Congress
will give up this small share.
So we make expect more lively word pas
sages between the President and Congress.
The Senate is pushing the investigation of
the absorption of the Tennessee Coal and Iron
Co. by the Steel Trust.
The investigation is aimed more at the Presi
dent than at the illegal merger, for about the
only thing the Senate expects to do is to show
that the President gave his sanction ’ to the
Steel Trust gaining control of its principal
competitor.
Don’t get the idea that the Senate wants to
punish the Steel Trust.
The Government is again after the Beef
Trust, and let us hope there will be no white
washing or immunity baths to officials this
time.
If private reports from Chicago are to be
relied upon, a greater combination than existed
before the first investigation will be shown.
Instead of obeying the law as promised, the
Trust has grown bolder since the officials es
caped jail, and has broadened until it not only
controls the packing industry, but leather as
well.
Swift, it is claimed, has put up $100,000,000
to control the leather markets in the New Eng
land States, the States where the biggest part
of our leather goods are manufactured.
The remedy,—the putting of hides and shoes
on the free list, and the conviction and impris
onment for the Trust officials.
R
It is estimated that the cruise around the
world of our battle-ships has cost $20,000,000.
Os course, this twenty millions comes out of
the taxpayer’s pocket.
It is rather an expensive exhibition when we
have to pay $20,000,000 to show a lot of foreign
people what a powerful navy we have.
R
'l'he House has passed the army appropria
tion bill, carrying about $97,000,000.
The rate at which the expenses of maintain
ing our army and navy increases is alarming.
In a few years we will find ourselves taxed to
death to maintain an army equal to Germany’s
and a navy equal to England’s.
We do not want and we do not need a tre
mendous standing army and a navy greater
than that of any other nation.
If we will attend to our own business and
let other nations alone, we can protect ourselves
without putting the taxpayer's nose to the
grindstone to maintain a powerful fighting
force.
R
*
The Federal grand jury has indicted Gov
ernor Haskell, of Oklahoma, in connection with
land frauds and the Governor is now under
$5,000 bail.
It begins to look very much as if the cam
paign charges against Haskell were true, and
that Haskell, as well as some others very
prominent, is about to be caught.
The way in which Haskell had an Oklahoma
sheriff arrest Mr. Hearst’s agent, and seize his.
private papers, and turn them over to him
(Haskell) was an outrage.
And it looks as if Haskell had an idea that
there was evidence somewhere which would
convict him.
Any way, Haskell can now quit prosecuting
for awhile and turn defendant