PAGE FOURTEEN
the sum of $125,000 of the trust funds was
unlawfully used in this speculation.
It did not pan out as expected, and the
bank failed.
John Lee, Duckworth and Ladson are say
ing and writing that Ladson did not rope in
any of the bank officials, but simply borrowed
the money himself.
THOSE STATEMENTS ARE IMPU
DENT FALSEHOODS.
Who Owns the Texas Co-Opera
tor?
The organ of the Farmers’ Union of Texas
is The Co-operator. It is one of the Ship-
Subsidy touters.
Who owns this paper— The Co-operator?
“A little bird'’ brings me the news that
“two poor boys had the National Co-operator
and Farm, Journal. They were handicapped
by D. J. Neil, and had, to let the paper go.
117/(9 bought it? Listen! A man by the name
of Reimers. He is a Re publican from, lowa,
and is reputed to be worth millions. See? A
capitalist running a Farmers' Union paper.
Did you know this?”
No; I did not know it.
Lookout, Farmer! When millionaire Re
publicans begin to finance your papers, you
need not be surprised to see them advocate
such Hannacrat measures as the Ship-Sub
sidv.
Editorial Notes by J. D. Watson
Again it seems that our government is de- •
termined to interfere in one of those Central
American revolutions.
Two Americans have been shot in the Nica
raguan trouble by order of the President of
Nicaragua and, of course, we must get busy
and send down some of our expensive war
ships to blow the little spot off the map.
The Americans who were put to death (two
in number) are said to have been caught
mixed up in other revolutions in the same
country.
This time they, the Americans, were at
tempting to commit a crime much worse than
that of the blowing up of the Maine, for
which we declared war against Spain and
“freed” Cuba.
Sometimes it looks as if we were jumping
on these little countries about such matters
simply to satisfy some private American in
terest that wanted to rob the little, helpless
country.
* * * *
President Taft is very much outraged at
the treatment of the two citizens of the
United States who were executed by the Nica
raguan government.
lie has a right to be, as he is President,
Commander-in-chief, etc., of the Army and
Naw.
To Our Advertisers
We have today entered into a
contract with Messrs. Stephens &
Stockton, of Atlanta, Ga., to act as
our advertising representatives for
the States of Georgia, Alabama, Flor
ida, North and South Carolina, Vir
ginia and Tennessee.
All special rates, which have not
been accepted, are hereby cancelled;
and our published rate card, which
can be obtained on application, will
govern all advertising carried in
The Jeffersonian after this date.
Our circulation has grown so rap
idly in the last twelve months that
we have been compelled to make two
advances in advertising rates, and it
is probable that another advance
will be made early next year.
THE JEFFERSONIANS.
Thomson, Ga., Dec. 1, 1909.
Liberal commissions to agents on
Watson books.
Suppose we let him take command and lead
us in our charge on the enemy.
How the enemy would flee when the head
of the procession (our President) approached
on a charging Nicaraguan pony, a pony not
quite as large as our American jackass.
* * * *
The New York Globe., a staunch Republi
can paper, is severely. criticising President
Taft for his reported determination not to
include in his message any specific recommen
dations for the amendment of the anti-trust
law.
The President’s reported reason that his
having been a Judge would make it improper
to express an opinion at a time when impor
tant cases are before the Supreme Court won’t
be accepted by the people.
The recent decision of the Court of Ap
peals dissolving the Standard Oil Company,
the Pinchot-Ballinger controversy over the
stealing of thousands of acres of our richest
mineral and forest lands, and the frauds that
are being uncovered in the trial of former
Sugar Trust officials have put the people too
much in a thinking frame of mind to accept
any such absurd excuse.
If ever there was a time when Congress
should be urged to amend the anti-trust law,
that time is now. It matters little about Mr.
Taft’s having been a Judge.
If he will only rise to the occasion like a
brave mon. he will find the country with him.
But another thing, does Mr. Taft mean to
infer that the United States Supreme Court
is so weak that his word would influence it
one way or another in deciding the Standard
Oil case ?
Mr. Taft had better look a little ahead.
Another Congressional election is less than
one year away, and the record of the present
one is bad so far. Another session like the
extra one spells defeat for Mr. Taft just as
sure as the election is held.
* * * *
The trial of Henry Clay Pierce, head of
the Waters-Pierce Oil Company, which is one
of the Standard’s subsidiaries, is now in
progress at Austin, Texas.
It will be remembered that Texas prose
cuted the Waters-Pierce company for more
than a year before the company was finally
driven out of the State, besides being made to
pay a heavy fine.
Pierce and his company, through its connec
tions with such men as Senator Bailey, man
aged to slip through the net a long time, but
the oil company was finally caught. Pierce
has been under an indictment for a long time
for false swearing, but like other big trust
officials he has, until now, escaped being tried.
But now they seem to have him, for he ad
mits his guilt by saying that he was forcibly
made to testify.
Nothing will stop Standard Oil methods,
except putting a few Standard Oil officials in
Agents’ Prize Contest
The competition for our cash
prizes this month is very keen, and
all the leaders are close together.
There are some “dark horses” run
ning—new agents who have just
taken hold—and our old agents will
have to look to their laurels.
Don’t forget that there are prizes
to the amount of SIOO.OO in cash, to
be given away on January Ist, for
the largest lists of subscriptions to
Watson’s Magazine. The first prize
is SSO, second prize $25, third prize
$lO, and three prizes of five dollars
each. We have a number of entries
for this contest, but the lists, so far,
are not formidable, and any active
agent could start now and beat the
best list we have.
Now is the time to take orders for
the Watson books. We are offering
liberal commissions. Write for our
special terms to agents on “Foreign
Missions Exposed”.
®b* "Jeffersonian
YOU CAN BE WELL!
You who are simply drifting 1 ,
hoping to be better some day.
You who are utterly discouraged;
who have made up your mind
that there is no help. If you are
afflicted with paralysis, dyspep
sia, rheumatism or some other
chronic ailment and have not
been able to find relief, I want
you to write me and let me send
you a copy of my free book,
which tells how all diseases may
be cured by my method without
drugs or surgery. My sanitarium
is completely equipped for the
successful treatment of all
chronic diseases. I guarantee
complete satisfaction to every
person who gives my treatment a
trial, as fully explained in my
book.
Write today.
DR. ANDREW C. BIGGS,
The Biggs Sanitarium,
Asheville, N. O.
prison, just as you put the little thief who
steals a few cents.
Another fair example of the tribute we
have to pay the Trust for the everyday neces
saries of life is shown in a statement of Ar
mour and Company.
This company, one of the Beef Trust, in
listing a bond issue on the Stock Exchange
shows the Beef Trust to be one of the most
grasping of all Trusts.
During the last year on a capital stock of
$20,000,000, Armour and Company made a
gross profit of $10,582,000, and earned a sur
plus of $7,127,926, which is equivalent to 35.6
interest on its capital stock.
This does away with the packers’ explana
tion that the increase in price of meat is due
to the increase of the price of live stock, for
here is the leading firm of the Trust showing
that it made 35 per cent, in one year.
Armour virtually says to the Stock Ex
change, I want to list a bond issue of $30,-
000,000. It is a good thing. Let me show
you how good it is. Last year I made 35 per
cent, on my capital stock of $20,000,000.
Yes, and the people had it to pay; those
who were poor paying most of it. They had
it to do or starve.
It is about time to prosecute the officials of
the Beef Trust.
* * * Hi
The trial of the Sugar Trust officials bids
fair to be one of the most sensational trials
in the history of the country, for it looks like
the man higher up will be caught and con
victed.
The first day’s trial of James F. Bender
nagel, a former official of the Trust, brought
out the fact that Bendernagel was seen to pay
cash to men wearing the uniform of the cus
toms service, and that Bendernagel took no
receipt nor made any entry on his books of
the payment.
The witness further testified that the money
for these payments was sent to Bendernagel
by check from 117 Wall Street, the Sugar
Trust’s headquarters.
Seeing that he is being made a scapegoat
of the higher officials, Bendernagel retorts
that he only did as ordered, and threatens to
turn state’s evidence.
The Trust’s attorneys will make every
effort to prevent this, but let us hope that the
United States attorneys will see that- Ben
dernagel is not tampered with.
Those higher up in the affairs of the Trust
are the ones who are responsible for this rob
bery of the Government.
They are the ones who furnished the money
to do the bribing, and they are the ones who
pocketed the millions which the bribes robbed
the Government of.
Bendernagel and his associates should be
punished, but the big rascals higher up are
the ones who should walk the lock-step.
FRUIT, SHADE mid ORNAMENTAL
TREES, PLANTS, ETC.
The Cureton Nurseries, Austell,
Ga., are growing the best Trees,
Plants, etc., that Southern soil can
produce, and have learned from ex
perience that June budded Peach
trees are the best for all purposes.
One and tw'O-year Apple, Pear and
other trees are the best to plant.
Don’t plant overgrown trees of any
kind. Use young, healthy stock.
Many failures are due to planting
stock that is too old and large. If
you have never tried our Trees and
Plants send us a trial order. We
have Lady Thompson and Klondyke
Strawberry Plants at $2.50 per
1,000; Long Island Cabbage Plants
at SI.OO per 1,000. Special discount
on large quantities of Plants, espe
cially to farmers who wish to im
prove their homes. Write to
JAMES CURETON, I’ropt.,
Austell, Cobb County, Ga.
Send Tlie Jeffersonian five sub
scribers for three months at 25 cents
each, and get a Watson knife, free.