PAGE EIGHT
THE SUNNY SOUTH BROTHERHOOD
— By DADDY JIM
STATEMENT.
We have received the following amounts
during the last week. The dollar intended
for Mrs. John G. Sosbee, Cornelia, Ga., whose
case was reported two weeks ago, has been
forwarded to her. The balance of the money
will be used for the most urgent cases, and a
full statement for April will be published in
the first Mav issue:
Mrs. Marietta Nelson, Rt. 2, Montezuma, Ga.s .10
I. F. Coleman, Doerun, Ga 1.00
J. S. Norris, Warthen, Ga. (commission on
subscriptions) 55
H. J. Mullens, Franklin, Tenn, (commission
on subscriptions) 1.50
R. E. Smith, Attalla, Ala 10
Mrs. J. P. Stallings, Rt. 3, Kearney, Mo 65
E. S. Perdue, 106 Read Ave., Chattanooga,
Tenn 1-00
L. L. Price, Toomsuba, Miss, (for Mrs. Sos-
bee) 1.00
George Keller, Eva, Ala., Rt. 1 (for John
Presnell) 10
In sending some subscriptions, Mr. H. J.
Mullens writes: “Please divide the commis
sion between the three neediest persons you
know of in Tennessee.” The commission
amounted to $1.50, and we will carry out Mr.
Mullens’ instructions, making full report in
our issue of May sth.
N. J. Carroll, Stockbridge, Ga., requests to
be entered as a working member of the Broth
erhood.
FOR MRS. SHEPHERD WALKER.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga
Dear Sir : —Enclosed find 25 cents, which you
will please forward to Mrs. Shepherd Walker,
for whom you made a touching appeal in The
Jeffersonian of April 7. I would have sent
it direct to her, but was not sure that I had
the address correctly. T know what it is to be
afflicted and in need of help, and sympathize
with those in such condition. lam surprised
at the action of our good (?) people in neg
lecting to give the poor and needy of our own
land the necessities of life, while the luxuries
of life are lavished upon the ablebodied of
foreign countries. I trust that a sufficient
number of your readers will respond to the
needs of this woman, and make her comfort
able. Trusting that you will have other sub
scriptions to forward with this one, and that
the poor woman will not suffer from neglect,
I remain, Tiios. J. Hardin, Avera, Ga.
HELP FROM MISSISSIPPI.
Sunny South Brotherhood: —I send fifty
cents for the suffering, to be used according
to your Judgment, as you know whose needs
are most urgent. Would be glad to give
more, but -I am not weighted down with this
world’s goods. Ido hope that many who have
had their eyes opened on the Foreign Mission
business will rally to help those who cannot
help themselves, for it is no fault of theirs
that they are not a Chinese or Jap. I always
did believe, and believe yet, in sending the
Glad Tidings to all, yet I find no warrant in
Scripture for all things done in foreign lands
in the name of our Great Redeemer. —Re-
spectfully, Anthony Keller, Baldwyn, Miss.,
Route 5.
FROM A UNION VETERAN.
Dear Daddy Jim:—l see by the last issue
of The Jeffersonian that you have started
an organization known as the Sunny South
Brotherhood. I herewith extend my -whole
heart and hand to the pause. Although lam
disabled from manual labor, I think I can
spare twenty-five or fifty cents a month to the
cause. Enclosed you will find money order
Jeffersonian
for fifty cents, which you can use in the way
you think best. You may also enroll me as a
member, if old Union Vets are allowed to
Join; if not, I will help along the best I can,
for none of us know how soon we may be com
pelled to call for help, no matter how much
we may have of this world’s goods. No mat
ter how high we may be in the scales of rich
es, we are liable to fall at any moment with a
crash. So let us do all we can for those poor,
unfortunate ones who have fallen. If we help
these poor people, the Angels will help us in
the change of life; for every one we comfort
wo add a sparkling jewel to our own glory in
the Life to come. But woe unto them that
turn a deaf ear to the sufferings of their fel
low-man. With love and best wishes to the
Brotherhood, I am fraternally yours.—l.
Perry, Astor Park, Fla.
A DOLLAR FROM GEORGIA.
Dear Daddy Jim :—Enclosed find check for
one dollar. You can put my name on the list
of the Sunny South Brotherhood and I will
do what I can. Much success to the Brother
hood and Daddy Jim. —Fraternally, C. T.
Cheves. Zenith, Ga.
MADE MANY HEARTS GLAD.
The Jeffersonians : —I am glad to see your
-weekly Jeffersonian -working hand in hand
with Uncle Charlie in assisting the Sunny
South Brotherhood. It is a good thing, and
one so much needed: and I only hope it may
do as much good and bring as much sunshine
to poor, suffering people as Uncle Charlie’s
League of Cousins has. I have read of his
work for years, and know it has made many
hearts glad by its help and cheer. God bless
Uncle Charlie and his League of Cousins, and
the Sunny South Brotherhood and Daddy
Jim. Enroll me as a member. While I am
not able to help much financially, I am much
interested in the Brotherhood and want to
keep in touch with it. We have so much
home work, I think we ought to turn more of
our help towards it. With best wishes.—Mrs.
IT. M. Prince, Oakland, Miss.
ENDORSES THE PLAN.
The Sunny South Brotherhood: —I en
dorse your plan for taking care of yours and
mine, and all other Georgian friends who be
come disabled and cannot help themselves.
May God bless you and the cause which you
are -working for. Count me one for you and
the cause.—John N. Langley. Lawrenceville.
Georgia.
HERE’S A PITIFUL CASE.
Dear Uncle Charlie: —I write these few
lines to thank you for the eight dollars I have
received from the dear Cousins in the past,
and to dear Uncle Charlie for telling you of
my sufferings and needy condition, although
he has not told one-half of my intense suffer
ing. I am a girl twenty-one years old. Mv
mother went to live -with the Angels when I
was five years old. I have been afflicted four
years; am confined to bed. No one to comfort
or cheer me but my aged father, and you who
will have mercy on us. I have selected reci
pes for metal polish for gold, silver, brass,
etc. I also make furniture polish and black
stove polish that won’t burn off. I will send
these -with a letter of thanks to all whose alms
amount to ten cents. But what is the thanks
of a poor working girl like me? Your great
reward will come from Him who says, “If
you give one of these little ones a cup of cold
water in My name, ye shall in no wise lose
your reward.” Then think of the many bright
stars that must be in Uncle Charlie’s crown,
who has by*his kindness sent sunshine into so
many darkened homes, and driven the wolf
from the door of so many suffering ones.
Surely, when the time comes for him to lay
this armor down and go to his reward that is
laid up for him, he can truthfully say, “I
have fought a good fight. I am going to see
the faces of those bright souls who have been
made happy by the work of my hands, and
we will have a happy reunion in that Land
where there are no afflicted suffering ones,
where the cries of the poor will be no more.”
Ah. how I -wish and pray that all the C. L.
O. C. in one unbroken band could meet Uncle
Charlie on that Bright Shore -where sorrow
will be no more. —Your needy, suffering
Cousin, Lillie Brush, Kenton, Tenn., R. F.
D. 6.
WILL GIVE HIS COMMISSION.
Dear Daddy Jim :—After reading yours and
Uncle Charlie’s letters, I will say that you
can count me and wife, Eliza Highsmith,
members of the Sunny South Brotherhood.
We haven’t got any money, but we can help
in other ways. We believe in helping the
needy. We are poor, but our hearts go out
to help all we can. We will send all the pen
nies for that benefict -we can. Send me sam
ple outfit and I will get all the subscribers
that I can, and -will give my commission for
the benefit of those needy.—Yours to help,
W. V. Highsmith. Cobbtown, Ga.
JUNIOR BROTHERHOOD
ANOTHER WORKING MEMBER.
You -will please enter my name in the Sun
ny South Brotherhod.—J. D. Bozeman. R. F.
D. 2, Quitman, Ga.
ANOTHER MEMBER FOR THE JUNIORS.
Dear Daddy Jim :—I think the Sunny
South Brotherhood is a grand and great
thing, and I know if it is organized, it will
do lots of good. I wish to become a member.
I do not know whether we could organize a
club here, but can I be a member anyway?
We all ought to live for the good that we can
do. As to a badge. I favor the name “Sunny
South Brotherhood” around the edges, and
“IT. M. S.” across the center. —Your little
friend’ Willie Gentry, Slocomb, Ark., R. F.
D. 1.
[We shall be delighted to enroll you as a
member of the Junior Brotherhood. When we
organize next month we will arrange about
getting up clubs at various points, and then
we will ask you to do some -work for us.]
FOR JOHN PRESNELL.
Dear Daddy Jim:—l think the Post-Card
Club is grand, but the S. S. B. is of far more
importance. I think we ought to help the
needy of our own Southland before we help
the Chinese and people of other countries.
Find enclosed ten cents for John Presnell,
who is crippled, and whose mother has all the
work to do, and is seventy years old. I am
twelve years old, and live in Alabama. —
George Keller, Eva, Ala., R. F. D. 1.
[We have sent the dime to John Presnell.
I wish George and all the other boys and girls
would send me a list of the children who need
help in their neighborhood. How are we go
ing to help them if -we don’t know who they
are?—Daddy Jim.]