TRAGEDY IN BREAD LINE.
Multitude Waits for Rolls, but the Supply is
Short —Not One Roll to Each Man—
One O’clock on a Winter’s Night at
the Bowery Mission —Within, Coffee
and Rolls for the Hungry; Without
a Human Swarm Seeking Ad
mission—Too Many Mouths—
Doors are Closed.
It was 12 o’clock. The coffee and rolls
would not be given out until 1. This was to
make sure that those who applied at the Bow
ery Mission were really homeless, that there
should be no make-believe, that none who could
afford the price of a bed should take the bread
from the mouth of the waif who must walk the
streets or sleep in a doorway. A handful of
these shivered beneath the half roof of the
Mission Church waiting for 1 o'clock. One
hour to wait. The snow fell in big, soft flakes.
There is a certain mercifulness in the ac
tual falling of the snow, for it is not until
afterward, when the big soft flakes have
turned to tiny, stinging needles, when they
scream under foot in crystallized masses, and
hang to the ragged coat in icicles, that the
real misery begins.
Ten minutes after 12.
The handful had grown to sufficient pro
portions to form in line. A certain etiquette
exists in this line, as in others. Those who
come first take up their places directly opposite
the cellar door that will open the way to cof
fee and rolls. The handful ranged in a bent
line on the curb, each forming a human cov
ering of the other from the cold.
They stood under the umbrella of the elevat
ed that sheltered them with some show of char
ity, except in the event of the passing of a
train, at which time the hurrying wheels sent
furious flurries of snowflakes on their unpro
tected shoulders.
Come from the Holes.
One hand washes the other. Some one had
blundered, and the panic of the rich had ex
tended to the army of the poor. The bread
line grew. From out their holes these home
less creatures crawled to the comfort of the
coffee and the rolls.
One found a small curved plank, placed it
over the pool of .melted snow in which he
stood, and rested on it for the protection of
his ragged shoes. Courteously he offered part
of it to the waif who served as his human cov
ering.
Both stood out of the wet for a period of
time until the plank should have soaked itself
sufficiently for the penetrating of the perfora
tions of the aged soles of their shoes.
Some found bits of kindling wood and start
ed small fires on the curb, the upward flying
flames of which served as footlights
to accentuate the wildness of hungry eyes set
in the frames of pallid faces.
The line continued to grow. It doubled it
self in places on the curb. It extended now
to Canal street and around the corner, to the
street below and around its corner.
It was a quiet line and well behaved. The
panic of the rich screams out its pain to the
world. The panic of the poor is still.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Door Opens at Last.
In the room back of the Mission Church
there sat .the men in charge of the coffee and
the rolls, the little, kindly manager half nod
ding in his chair, the little weazened sailor
who hands out the rolls from the bin clozing
gently before the big round stove bleached
white by the intensity of its own heat. The
little man straightened out of his doze and
looked at the nodding sailor.
“We’ll have to turn them away tonight,”
he said, “there are only a thousand rolls.
Last night we had to turn them away, and the
night before, and the night before that.”
The sailor nodded back at him.
“Yes,” said he, “we’ll have to turn Some of
them away tonight.”
Below in the basement two great barrels of
coffee were steaming, ready to be put into
pots for the cups. The rolls were piled high
in a bin near the door, a thousand, no more.
On a long table were ranged the big tin cups
for the coffee, a thousand, no more.
It neared the hour of 1, and more than a
thousand stood on the curb, the line doubling,
extending far toward the second corner on
Canal and that other street below.
Two men filled huge coffee pots from the
steaming barrels. They began to pour the cof
fee into the cups. The long table served as a
tray. They poured the coffee quickly and reck
lessly, but there was no waste, for beneath the
spout of the table there stood another coffee
pot to catch the drip.
Not Enough Rolls for All.
At last it was 1 o’clock. All the cups were
filled with the steaming coffee. The little old
sailor took his seat on a counter by the bin,
and the little man called out:
“Open the door!”
Then down through the open door came the
army of the poor to the coffee and the rolls,
tramping, tramping.
The pallid faces of them! The hands out
stretched for the rolls, the trembling lit
pressed to the heat of the coffee in the cups.
The misshapen hands, the grimy hands, the
long, attenuated fingers, the cold, blue lips,
the wolfish, backward look of the wild eyes
at the pile of rolls, the fiendish stare of insa
tiable and unsatisfied hunger.
Down the cellar steps they tramped like
herding cattle toward the grateful warmth of
the cellar and the coffee and the rolls.
Outside the onrush of the foremost of the
line extended its eager trembling to the length
of it. There were only a thousand rolls and
many more than a thousand mouths. The fran
tic fingers of the two long arms of the line
pushed the foremost down the steps to the cof
fee and the rolls, the thud of their tramping
beating on the stillness of the night.
Again and again the little old sailor raked
the rolls down to within his reach, picked out
one at a time, and gave it forth to the out
stretched hand that snatched it, clawlike, after
the fashion of a famished animal. Then on
went the herd to the coffee cups, tramping,
tramping, the thud of their footsteps beating
on the quiet of the night.
Some drank the coffee in gulps; some drank
if slowly, as if loath to leave the comfort of
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the homeless. Prosperity for
the indistrious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for sample copy.
FARM AND RANCH, Dallas, Tax.
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
Taylor-Trotwood Magazine and Watson’s Jef
fersonian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
World’s Events and Watson’s Weekly Jeffer
sonian. Both one year $1.75
World’s Events and Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Travel Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
Holland’s Magazine and Watson’s Jefferso
nian Magazine. Both one year $2.25
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Weekly Jeffersonian. Both one year $2.00
The Metropolitan Magazine and Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine. Both one year... .$2.25
Odum Clark’s Magazine and Watson’s Week
ly. Both one year $1.35
Odflm Clark’s Magazine and Watson’s Jeffer
sonian Magazine. Both one year $1.85
Address
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
The largest school of Bookkeeping, Business
Training, Shorthand and Typewriting in the
state. Positions secured. Fill in and mail for
catalog.
Name
Address
Bound Volumes
Vol. 1, first 6 months, $2.00
Vol. 2, second 6 months, 1.50
Both together, prepaid, s3*oo
ADDRESS
JEFFERSONIAN
THOMSON, GA.
Jeffersonian Bible
Weekly Jeffersonian and Bible - $1.50
Monthly “ “ « - 2.00
JEFFERSONIAN. Thomson. Ga.
SALESMAN WANTED to represent a firm com
posed of Southern people, selling reliable
goods to Southern people. Only men of good
character and hustling ability need apply. We
have a few good openings for the right men.
Be first in your community; write today.
SOUTHERN SUPPLY 00., 1298-1300 Broad’
way, New York.
PAGE SEVEN