My! That’s a nice salary—s3,ooo per year,
to draw plans and superintend the building
of beautiful and expensive up-to-date schools
and colleges for the dear heathen.
Whew! Two hundred thousand dollars at
one clip for the buildings alone!
Ain’t we liberal to those Korean children?
Ain’t you glad that the State of Missouri
has been so bountifully blessed that she pos
sesses all the school-houses she needs, has
wiped out ignorance among her own children,
and can now afford to employ high •class. ar
chitects to construct elegant accommodations
for the little yellow kids of Korea?
In the history of the world, these Koreans
have never cut any figure. They are a weak
people—weak mentally, morally and physi
cally. You might educate the entire popula
tion .without materially advancing the cause
of civilization. Nothing would come of it.
But if the same efforts were made to uplift
the illiterate Celts, Teutons, and Anglo-Sax
ons of our own country, the beneficial results
would be felt, not only now, but for genera
tions to come, and we might rescue from men
tal and spiritual darkness tens of thousands
of white boys and girls who would prove to
be standard-bearers in the march of mankind
onward and upward.
Alas! We are globe-trotting the universe
to find people who need food, clothing, medi
cine, school-books, college education, kinder
garten fondling, industrial training and gym
nasiums, while the bitter cry of our own chil
dren falls upon ears that hear not, —upon
hearts that have no pity save for black chil
dren in Africa, brown children in Hindustan,
and yellow children in China, Japan and
Korea.
Are we losing our minds ? Are we going to
allow the foreign mission fanatics to rob us
of our common sense and our natural feel
ings?
El El E]
What Noise Is That?
The deafening roar which shakes the earth
and makes it tremble, is the clamor of the
Democratic city newspapers in favor of the
Income Tax.
It is becoming an intolerable nuisance. Is
there no relief for our afflicted ears?
There’s Mister Hoke Smith’s Atlanta
Journal, howling like mad for the law that
will make the millionaires and the plunder
bund corporations pay Federal taxes. (Please
pardon me: I find on closer attention that
the yells of Mr. Hoke’s paper are not in fa
vor of the Income Tax, but in opposition to
a state tax on foreign corporations.)
Then, there’s the Atlanta Constitution: it
don’t let anybody nod by day or sleep by
night,—so boisterous is the voice with which
it demands the Income Tax. (Beg pardon
again: on listening more intently I find that
the Constitution's racket is for diversified
farming, or something equally dynamic.)
As to the Georgian, I won’t sjjy a word, —
for, having made two mistakes already, I’m
scared, lest a third should be made.
Perhaps the rumbling sound we heard was
made by the lobby which put through the
Eminent Domain bill, slew the Corporations
tax bill, and chloroformed the Income Tax
amendment.
El El El
Good-bye, Income Tax
The Georgia Senate has almost unani
mously refused to consider the income tax
which President Taft suggested should come
byway of amendment to the Constitution, —
thus avoiding Supreme Court snags.
Alabama’s Legislature, being in session at
the time Congress acted, promptly adopted
the amendment.
Not so, the Solons of Georgia. Those sages
suddenly discovered that, after howling for
an income tax for many dolorous and clam
orous years, they don’t want it.
ZSfye 3effersonian
■■■l
Everybody knows that this tax would fall
most heavily upon New England and North
ern States. Everybody knows that the com
paratively few men who would have to pay
an income tax in the South would be the
rich men who are most able to carry their
just share of governmental burdens. Every
body knows that the Democratic party of
Georgia and the nation has pledged itself,
over and over again, to the income tax.
Did they not plume themselves on that
feature of the Wilson-Gorman bill? Did
they not rave and snort when the Supreme
Court pronounced it unconstitutional? Did
not Bryanites and Clevelandites alike, de
nounce that decision, and empty all the
vials of wrath upon the corrupt judge who
reversed himself over-night?
Here we have been clamoring for a tax
that the millionaires would have to pay. We
have shown how the tariff puts the burden
of government upon the necessaries of life,
—upon the stomachs and backs of the poor.
We have been shouting “Tax wealth, not
poverty!”
And in all this hub-bub for the Income
Tax, no state has yelled louder than Geor
gia. In platform after platform, the Demo
crats have vowed that they would yet have
an income tax, if there was any way to get
around that decision of the Supreme Court.
Then, a most unexpected thing happens.
Senator Bailey of Texas having made a
stragetic combination with certain Western
Republicans, which insured the immediate
adoption of the income tax, President Taft
and Senator Aldrich maneuvre to side-track
the measure by having it referred to the
States as a constitutional amendment. To
prove that this step was a maneuvre, meant
to afford the amplest opportunity for the mil
lionaires to kill off the income tax, the Presi
dent and the Rhode Island Mephistopheles
refused to refer the proposed amendment to
state CONVENTIONS. They insisted that
it be referred to the state LEGISLATURES.
Messrs. Taft and Aldrich knew perfectly
well that the lobbyists of the rich were almost
sure to prevent two-thirds of the legislatures
from adopting the amendment. The Senate,
in each legislature, is a comparatively small
body, and our legislative record discloses the
disgraceful fact that the corporations and the
millionaires generally control the smaller
branch of the state legislature.
In Alabama, the lobbyists did not have
time to organize, and get in their work. In
Georgia, they did.
And the Georgia Solons have shielded the
millionaries from Federal taxation upon the
ground—can you guess?
Upon the ground that a revenue derived
from the rich would make the Government
more extravagant than it is now!
This argument, when its real meaning is
grasped, means that the rich don’t care how
extravagant the Government is, so long as
the money conies out of the common people;
but when it is proposed to make them bear a
portion of the crushing load of governmental
prodigality, they say, “No, never".
Isn’t it a stupefying shame? Could you
have believed that the life-long, rock-ribbed
Democrats who constitute, in its entirety, the
Senate of Georgia, would almost unanimous
ly put this stigma upon the Empire State of
the South?
El El El
His Reward
An item of news in the Augusta Herald is
interesting:
“The many friends of Hon. Chas. G. Edwards,
member of Congress from the First District, are
pleased to learn of his appointment as a member
of the House Committee of Rivers and Harbors.’’
of the House Committee on Rivers and Harbors.’’
If the friends of Mr. Edwards are pleased
at that, they are easy to please.
Edwards is one of the Deserters who went
over to the Republicans in the organization
of the House, and voted for the Cannon rules.
Those rules put into old Joe’s hands the
despotic power which enabled him to jam
the infamous Payne bill through the House,
to pack the Conference C ommittee, which
reported the still more infamous Aldrich-
Payne compromise.
To Mr. Edwards, in part, the people owe
it that their Federal taxes are increased, in
stead of reduced.
For going over to the Republicans at so
critical a time, Mr. Edwards has been re
warded with an appointment which he
would never have got on his merits. He be
trayed his party and his people, and he now
gets the silver.
That’s all.
El El El
Good for You, Samuel Gompers
We never knew Mr. Gompers to slop over
but once, and that was when he allowed those
Londonized American snobs to get hold of
him, and persuade him to endorse their selfish
plans for palatial homes for American Am
bassadors. The snobs desire the palaces for
their social functions in foreign capitals.
American taxpayers should not be made to
pay for such luxuries. American diplomacy
was never more effective than in the days
when Benjamin Franklin boarded in a Pa
risian suburb, and appeared in plain clothes
among the empty-headed aristocrats of the
splendid Bourbon Court.
But we cordially approve of what he said
against the tipping nuisance. Here it is:
“In maintaining, as one of their firmest insti
tutions, the tipping system, the steamship com
panies manifest a shrewd perception of their own
interests. Tiptakers rarely, if ever, strike. Every
eager tiptaker studies the short and sure route to
the shilling or the pound awaiting his quest in the
liberal passenger’s pocket.
“The tipped servant's vocabulary of lip-grati
tude, his gestures of obsequousness, his methods
of forcing upon his intended victim a series of
subtle and unnecessary attentions, his habitual
air of profound deference—what is all this but
the practice of a profession in which the most suc
cessful need have the least heart or manliness?
Is it not an unhappy, if not degrading, occupation,
from which the great majority following it would
gladly escape? From my investigation, I have no
hesitancy in answering the question in the affirm
ative. And they may—nay, will—become organ
ized in the protective fold of the trade union
movement.
“The time will surely come when, as is already
the case in certain English systems of restaurants,
the signs will go up in ocean steamships, 'no tips
allowed!’ ’’
El El EJ
Mister Smith and His Newspaper
The tone of wrath which rings in the edi
torials of Mr. Hoke's paper, the Atlanta
Journal, indicates that the persecution of the
pale sufferer of the roller-chair is not being
acclaimed as universally as had been expect
ed. But who could reasonably have calcu
lated upon the people of Georgia being hard
hearted? How came any Atlanta politician
to believe that the plain folks could be hood
winked into endorsing gross injustice and
cruel discrimination ?
Five Senators were appointed to investi
gate McLendon. Presumably the five men
who were selected were in sympathy with
Governor Smith’s act in suspending the Com
missioner from office.
But after meeting the persecuted man, face
to face, and hearing him in his own defense,
only one of them voted to uphold the Gov
ernor. By talking to them in the committee
room, McLendon won over to his side four
out of the five Senators who were to act as
his judges.
This significant fact carried consternation
to Mr. Hoke and his newspaper, and to the
Senators who trot to Mr. Smith’s house and
office to get their orders.
Consequently, it was decided that when the
report of the Committee got back to the Sen
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE