PAGE FOURTEEN
SPEECH OF HON. ADAM M. BYRD.
(Continued from Page Seven.)
destitute here now? Twenty thousand of the
unemployed of this same class are now march
ing the streets of Chicago, defying the police
and begging for work. Similar scenes have re
cently occurred in St. Louis. Every industrial
center is overflowing with hundreds of labor
ers who have no way of earning a support,
and if the present conditions continue, we
may look for another Coxy army to march
on this Capitol. One must be blind, indeed,
not to observe the danger lurking in these la
bor troubles. A man confronting his starving
wife and children becomes a desperate factor
in society. He will embrace socialism with
a smile and anarchy with a shout. Some great
French writer has said that an army of the
uprising peasantry of France was more danger
ous than the revolt of all her imperial legions.
He spoke the truth.
The report of the Commissioner-General of
Immigration reveals startling facts relative to
immigTation. It shows that of the immigrants
admitted in 1907, 46,234 had reached or passed
the prime of life; 337,573 could neither read
nor write, and 5,829 could read but not write,
making the number of illiterates more than
30 per cent. Eight hundred and seventy-three
thousand nine hundred and twenty-three had
less than SSO each, while only 107,502
were able to show amounts in excess of this
sum, the general average being S2O per capi
ta. How ill-prepared are they to begin life
in a new country. How insignificant when
compared with our per capita wealth. The
total wealth of the United States is estimat
ed to be $116,000,000,000, which divided
among 80,000,000 of people gives $1,450 per
capita. Also, 11,528 received aid at charity
hospitals, and 11,265 were denied admission
because of idiocy, lunacy, pauperism, crime,
prostitution, and contagious diseases, and we
can only by conjecture estimate the vast num
ber of this class who escaped the vigilance of
the officers and came into the country.
There is another thought that overshadows
all of this. M hat will become of our children
and their descendants if this flood of immigra
tion into our country is allowed to continue?
Our own increase is 14 per cent per decade,
and with an annual influx of quite 2,000,000
how long will it be before all the evils of over
crowded Europe will be upon us? I dare say
that many of those of your blood and my blood
■will be unable to get homes in fifty years, and
in one hundred years, unless this inpouring
of humanity is stopped, all the evils of over
crowded India will be our fate.
•Wholesale immigration into this country
means cheap labor and, consequently, larger
dividends to the trusts and great corporations.
It may multiply the millions of the million
aires, but at the same time I would have you
remember that it brings poverty to the home
of the American laborer. Our chief consider
ation in legislation should be for the common
people—the trusts and corporations are strong
enough to care for their own welfare. Indeed,
they have grown so powerful as to challenge
the authority of the nation to control them.
But, returning to the question before the
House, I want to say, in conclusion, that there
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
should be a decided limitation placed upon the
number of immigrants admitted into the Unit
ed States. Our own increase is sufficient to
settle our vast domain as rapidly as the well
being of the nation will permit. Let our first
duty be to provide homes for our own chil
dren. Before many generations shall have
passed our timber and minerals will be gone,
and there will be no other means of support
for our dense population except to till the
soil. Then the broad acres now being appro
priated by foreigners will be needed to sustain
the life of our own blood. Our forefathers,
when fighting our battles for liberty, never
dreamed that this , would become the dumping
place for the outcast subjects of Europe; but
they endured the horrors of poverty and war
in order that their descendants might have
homes of perpetual prosperity. Now, shall we
surrender this legacy to a horde of outlawed
foreigners? May God forbid.
This is the camp of the American Israel.
May none but the sons of our own blood ever
control the destinies of the nation, and may
those who are to represent upon this floor
generations yet to be born behold the happy
homes of our descendants upon every hilltop
from Maine to California. (Prolonged ap
plause.)
MRS. PICKETT AND LINCOLN.
The following interesting anecdote is quoted
from a sketch of Gen. Pickett called “My
Soldier” in the March McClure’s:
“I was in Richmond when my soldier
fought the awful battle of Five Forks, Rich
mond surrendered, and the surging sea of fire
swept the city. News of the fate of Five
Forks had reached us, and the city was full of
rumors that Gen. Pickett was killed. I did
not believe them. I knew he would come
back; he had told me so. But they were very
anxious hours. The day after the fire there
was a sharp rap at the door. The servants
had all run away. The city was full of
Yankees, and my environment had not taught
me to love them. The fate of other
cities had awakened my fears for Richmond.
With my baby on my arm, I opened the door,
and looked up at a tall, gaunt, sad-faced man
in ill-fitting clothes. He asked: ‘ls this
George Pickett’s home?’
“With all the courage and dignity I could
muster, I replied: ‘Yes, and I am his wife
and this is his baby.’
“ ‘I am Abraham Lincoln.’ »
“ ‘The President!’ I gasped. I had never
seen him, but I knew the intense love and
reverence with which my soldier always spoke
of him. The stranger shook his head and re
plied :
“ ‘No; Abraham Lincoln, George’s old
friend. ’
“The baby pushed away from me and
reached out his hand to Mr. Lincoln, who took
him in his arms. As he did so an expression
of rapt, almost divine, tenderness and love
lighted up the sad face. It was a look that
1 have never seen on any other face. The
baby opened his mouth wide and insisted upon
giving his father’s friend a dewy infantile
kiss. As Mr. Lincoln gave the little one back
to me he said:
“ ‘Tell your father, the rascal, that I for
give him for the sake of your bright
eyes.’ ” —McClure’s Magazine.
WHY BRYAN WOULD LOSE.
(Continued from Page Two.)
successful Democratic campaign, has been
belittled in the appeal to the Roosevelt vote,
and in his Freeport speech of December 7,
1907, Mr. Bryan conceded that Mr. Roosevelt
could be re-elected.
Government ownership of railroads, in
itiative and referendum, anti-imperialism,
populism, sociaism, and the judiciary have
been featured and forgotten by Mr. Bryan.
He has jumped from one fad to another so
often that followers are weary of following
him, and but for his insistence on the right
of perpetual candidacy for the highest office
in the gift of the American people he would
long ago have been relegated to political
oblivion.
He has bartered Democracy for votes, insult
ed Democrats of Indiana and lowa, and tried
to ride rough-shod over the loyal party men
of Illinois. In May, 1903, and again October
10, 1907, he attacked the Democratic press of
the country, and he has consistently insisted
that William Jennings Bryan constituted the
Democratic party, and difference from his
opinions should brand any man a traitor.
It would seem reasonably apparent that
all these things combine to eliminate Mr.
Bryan as a Presidential possibility.—Denver
Post.
Bound Volumes
Vol. 1, first 6 months, $2.00
Vol. 2, second 6 months, 1.50
Both together, prepaid, $3.00
ADDRESS
JEFFERSONIAN
THOMSON, GA.
Culpepper’s Re-Improved Big' 801 l
Extra Prolific Cotton
It is the best cotton that grows, made
three bales on one acre last year. It
is early and turns out more lint that
any big boll variety known. Every
farmer should plant it. Write for
circulars.
J. E. CULPEPPER, Luthersville, Ga.
PRICES: 1 bushel, 51.50; 5 bushels, $6.75;
10 bushels, $12.50.
Jeffersonian Bible
Weekly Jeffersonian and Bible - $1.50
Monthly “ “ “ - 2.00
JEFFERSONIAN. Thomson. Ga.