Advances of ‘Populism In the Different
WHAT THEY ARE DOING IN TEXAS.
Hon. H. L. Bentley, one of the most tireless
and successful workers we have in the Popu
listic field, reports most gratifying conditions
in Texas. Old Guard Populist clubs are
springing up everywhere over the State. He
writes:
“In Taylor county the committee has been
reorganized and the twenty-two members (one
for each voting precinct) will organize an Old
Guard club in each of their several precincts
to act as campaign committees in their several
communities. In Callahan county a similar
work has been done and there will be eighteen
clubs in the county. On account of the
absence from the county of the county chair
man, no notice was given of the proposed con
ference in Parker county; therefore the pro
posed meeting was temporarily called oft. In
Johnson county the new or reorganized county
committee will have organized very soon
twenty-two clubs. In Dallas county Chairman
Sprague and his county committee are deter
mined to organize a club or campaign com
mittee in and for each voting precinct. Simi
lar work has been inaugurated in Grayson
county and it is entirely safe to say that that
county, through Chairman Roach, will report
very soon a club in each of the voting pre
cincts of his county. County Chairman
Tefteller, assisted by such Old Guard Popu
lists as McGrady of Bonham, Smith of Bailey
and others selected at the county conference
held in Bonham, will soon report the reorga
nization of a club in and for each of the fifty
three voting precincts of Fannin county. Tn
Lamar county a very strong and enthusiastic
county committee was the outcome of the
conference held in Paris. This is th<s home
■county and city of J. W. Biard of the National
Committee, and he was on hand and con
tributed largely to the splendid success of the
meeting. So far I am finding no difficulty
in interesting our populist friends in the
reorganization and club work, and if the
same sort of work that is being done in the
counties I have visited continues through the
trip, I am absolutely certain that our ticket,
state and national, will poll a very large vote
in Texas. From Paris I visited the populists
of Delta county, where the degree of success
was flattering; then in succession to Red
River and Bowie counties.
In addition to good meetings I am being
met with the assurance on every hand that
practically every voter who was a populist in
past years is one now. The official returns
show that in the state our nominee for Gover
nor in 1896, Hon. Jerome C. Kirby, received
238,692 votes. If one-half that number vote
for populist in 1908, and it is not entirely
impossible for such a showing to be made,
you can see that the party in Texas is not
vet dead.”
No, Brother Bentley, it is not dead. It was
left mangled a.nd bleeding from the disaster
of 1896, but. the. men of the Old Guard have
stood faithfully by it and now lead it oonfi
<lently forth.to battle again, AJ? long ea men
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
love liberty, the principles of Jefferson can
not be bludgeoned out of existence.
THE NOTIFICATION OF JUDGE
WILLIAMS.
Hon. Samuel W. Williams, the distinguished
attorney and statesman of Vincennes, Ind.,
who, at the National Convention of the Peo
ple’s Party held in St. Louis some months
ago, was honored by his party, by being nomi
nated as their candidate for Vice-President of
the United States, as the running mate of
Hon. Thos. E. Watson of Georgia, the party’s
candidate for President, was officially notified
of his nomination at a public meeting held
at the Grand Opera House Wednesday even
ing, Mr. Williams accepted the honor which
had been conferred upon him in a brilliant
speech, which we hope to publish in another
issues
That Judge Williams’ own community loves
him and is glad to do him honor, is clearly
apparent. They have a hearty way of going
about things, anyhow, out West, and it is
gratifying to hear of the ovation tendered him
by thousands of his fellow-citizens as well as
the distinguished visitors. The stage was
beautifully decorated with palms and potted
plants, while- exquisite bouquets of cut flowers
were presented by admirers.
Framed pictures of the party’s national
candidates, Hon. Thos. E. Watson and Hon.
Samuel W. Williams, occupied positions at the
front of the stage, along with the pictures of
Lincoln and Jefferson.
The notification committee consisted of Hon.
Jo A. Parker, of Louisville, Ky., Oscar
Parker of Georgia, Jay W. Forrest of N. Y.,
R. Brewer of Miss., J. 11. Farriss of 111., J. H.
Hillis of Missouri, Albert Griffin of Kan., Gen.
J. S. Coxey, of Ohio, Geo. A. Honnecker of
N. J., and Hon. F. J. Robinson.
In his address of welcome to the city,
Mayor Geo. E. Green paid a deserved and
eloquent tribute to Judge Williams. Dr.
Flavous Van Vohris, of Indianapolis, a pro
minent author and political economist, res
ponded in a. masterly address, during which
he urged that people lay aside their party
fealty and cast their ballots as conscience and
conviction directed. He alluded to Bryan as
a mau “recently nominated for President of
the United States by one of the leading
political parties, who has for several years
wandered over the face of the country, from
coast to coast and from lake to gulf, making
speeches to the people and accusing President
Roosevelt of stealing his principles when in
truth, the principles referred to were stolen
goods in the hands of both, having been stolen
originally from the platform of the People’s
Party. ”
Chairman Robinson introduced Hon. Jo A.
Parker, of Louisville, Ky., who officially no
tified Mr. Williams of his nomination.
The Indiana campaign has been a warm one
from the first and, unless watched closely,
.fudge William* i* going to Jo thing* in the
Hoosier State to make people sit up and take
notice. The meeting he had on July 4, was an
epoch maker in Sullivan county, "where he is
individually known to hundreds of substantial
citizens and where his splendid personality
and record insures him an enormous following.
Mr. Williams spoke briefly on patriotic
subjects appropriate to the national anniver
sary, and then launched into a comprehensive
discussion of the People’s party platform.
NASHVILLE MEETING OF THE PEO
PLE’S PARTY.
The Tennessee Populist State Convention
met in the Hall of Representatives at the
state capitol at Nashville on last Thursday,
and perfected their organization. Hon. H- J-
Mullens, of Franklin, Secretary of the State
Executive Committee, called the convention
to order and made a most pleasiug address.
Mr. Mullens saw before him “unmistakable
evidences that the darkness which had en
shrouded the party for some time had passed
and a new era was about to dawn.” Os Mr.
Watson, he said:
“Under his leadership we are going to break
the columns of the solid South and place
Georgia in the ranks of the Populists. Our
enemies, both Republican and Democrat, are
divided, with but one aim, that of obtaining
a seat at the pie counter. The fundamental
feature of the People’s Party is monetary
reform. ’ ’
Mr. Watson spoke twice during the session
to a large and responsive audience. Mr. Wat
son’s appeal was for that Jeffersonian De
mocracy which was “buried under the debris
of the Civil War.” One of the most striking
truths he uttered was this: “A man’s ballot
is never thrown away when it carries into the
ballot box his own conviction. If every man
in this Union will have the spunk to vote
according to his convictions, Populism will
poll its millions.”
A NEW POPULIST PAPER.
The People’s Advocate is the name of a new
People’s party paper just started at Dio,
Miss., by W. B. O’Neal. It is 8 pages, five col
umns to the page. In his salutatory Editor
O’Neal makes out a strong case against the
old parties and proves the necessity for the
People’s party. We will repeat the name of
the town where published, Dio, as it
is an odd name and we repeat it so that
our readers will not think the printer made
a mistake in setting it up. We hope reform
ers, especially Mississippi reformers, will give
the Advocate liberal support.
“Scientists say that the earth is tilting.”
“I wouldn’t wonder. Crops are mighty
heavy in this section.” —Louisville Courier-
Journal.
Teacher —Tommie, can you tell me what
effect the moon has on the river?
Tommie=—-Yes’m; makes it moonlight.—•
Yonka* SfaßwnAn.
PAGE FIVE
Yields