The Ad Man’s Galley
By fames Lanier.
Some one said that a man who
tries to attract business without ad
vertising is like the fellow who
throws his sweetheart a silent kiss
in the dark; he knows what he is do
ing—but nobody else does.
The fact is that the big advertiser
(if he has the goods) always wins
out. Candidates in local elections
have l.ong since recognized the value
of advertising; but, until this year,
paid-for publicity, of the display kind,
was looked upon as too common and
vulgar to be indulged in by a candi
date in a national fight. In 1908, for
the first time, the national campaign
was conducted along strictly business
lines —with card indexes of voters and
“pulls”; big staring ads in the mag'
azines and papers; phonographs and
spielers; posters and handbills.
When Taft was coming to town,
the bill-boards blazed out in the
same glory that goes before a circus.
The Democrats soon tumbled to the
racket, and Norman Mack did some
tall stunts —and incidentally paid out
no little money—to find catchy head
lines and run them. But the Bryan
ites were later on the field in this
work; they were less systematic and
not so well organized as the Repub
licans; and on those three big hooks —
Sy Tern, Organization and Advertising
—as seen from the Ad Man’s point of
view, entirely irrespective of politics,
the Republican victory was hung.
A few years ago it was considered
beneath the dignity of a doctor, a law
yer, an architect, or a dentist, to ad
vertise in the public prints. They
said it lowered the professional stand
ard. Now that we have cleaned the
pages of our magazines and the best
of our papers from all the fraud and
quackery that can be detected on the
surface, advertising has risen in the
eyes of the public. The day of crook
ed and questionable methods is pass
ing from the industrial world, and
the force of public opinion, which al
ways in its broad current, makes for
jjie right and true, is compelling "the
to live up to his promises,
nej is pressing the advertising me?-
to stand back of the firms whose
announcements it transmits to the
and become responsible for
their good faith.
So whll recognized is the value of
advertising today that the profession
al man and <the politician, local and
national, have been forced into using
the methods of the business man. It
was the plan of Mr. Cortelyou, when
managing Roosevelt’s campaign, that
Mr. Hitchcock developed with such
wonderful success in the last presi
dential contest. A publicity course
was mapped out, that attracted wide
attention and countless votes. Space
was purchased in the leading publica
tions, and the best press agents of
the country employed to secure free
press notices. Pages were contract
'll for in various magazines, which
le utilized in getting the personali
* Mr. Taft before the voters. The
Vate’s picture was used, with a
■rite-up of the man and his
views, his life, his family and his
friends. The articles were bright and
readable, and though the advertising
feature was plain, that detracted but
little from its value.
Taft’s victory was said to be a tri
umph of the business interests of the
country. Whether that is true or not,
it is a fact that the victory was won
by straight businesslike methods of
campaigning. And the most striking
point about it was the persistent and
systematic advertising that brought
home to nearly every voter the per
sonality of the man for whom he
was asked to cast his ballot. It is
an old story, but the Ad Mian believes
that this side of the campaign will
offer a fresh view-point to the readers
of the Jeffersonians.
The Christmas holidays and the
New Year have brought us many new
subscribers. Our people have at last
aroused to the fact that if they want
to have the Jeffersonians a source of
power in the land, the doing it rests
with them. Each new subscriber is
a centei’ of influence. Each time you
send us a new name, it is like throw
ing a pebble in a still pond; the
waves run out in widening circles. Itj
can be proved that when you stamp
your foot upon the earth, the jar in
infinite gradations will vibrate
through the universe. No act, no
word, no thought, was ever lost; can
ever cease to be. So it becomes each
man’s duty to widen his sphere of
influence for good, and if you believe
in your heart that the Jeffersonians
make for those things that are right
and true, it is your duty to get others
to believe.
That will be working along the same
lines which led to the Republican vic
tory of 1908. Our subscribers are
scattered all over the United States.
If each one were to set to work in his
own community—as some are doing
now—to distribute samples and take
subscriptions, the Jeffersonians and
what they stand for would show a
marvelous growth this next four
years. Why can’t you send us a lot
df 25-cent subscriptions ? There never
was a more attractive offer than we
are making for 25 cents. For that
little quarter the subscriber will get
The Weekly Jeffersonian for three
months, Up-to-Date Farming (a really
excellent farm and home paper) for
three months, land twenty beautiful
post cards, which the youngsters will
certainly enjoy, if the older folks
don’t want them. For seven such
subscribers the club-raiser will get
fifty post cards of great artistic merit.
We have seen them, and we know
they are good.
Renew your subscription, and you
will get fifty post cards and Up-to-
Date Farming for a year. Don’t
wait. Don’t put it off. We cannot
afford to keep this offer running all
the time. It will soon be withdrawn.
At present the offer is extended to all
subscribers, new and old, and it is
one of the best and biggest offers that
was ever made by a newspaper.
Glje "Jeffersonian
We Want a Great Many
More Subscribers
In order to secure a large number of new subscribers at once we
make this wonderful offer:
Weekly Jeffersonian 3 Months ) All Foi>
Up-to-Date Farming' 3 Months
20 American Girl Post Cards i f ®
Membership in Up-to-Date Post Card
Above is a wonderful offer and should bring thousands of orders.
But we are going to make a still better offer, and this Is what we want
every present subscriber to work for:
This is Our Great Plan
We want you to get 25 cents from each of seven (7) of your neigh
bors and friends for the above offer and send us this club, and we will
send you, for your reward,
Fifty of the Most Beautiful High Art Post Cards
Ever Produced
Every one a gem, and satisfaction is positively guaranteed. The
subjects are as follows:
1. A Neighborly Chat. 25. The Captiveo.
2. Puritan Girl. 26. The Problem is Solved.
3. A Puritan Maid. 27. Making Hay.
4. Skating. 28. Making a Fool of Him.
5. Dutch Children and Geese. 29. The Passing Storm.
6. Dutch Girl and Boy. 30. Sweet Kittie Bellairs.
7. The Critic. 31. A High Stepper.
8. Hello. 32. Mill Pond.
9. A Hay Seed. 33. The Daughter of the Regiment.
10. In Mischief. 34. Venice.
11. Our Pet 35. An Interesting Passage.
12. The Village Blacksmith. 36. A Winter Sunset.
13. Bill and Jerry. 37. The Wedding Party.
14. Young Miss Columbia. 38. The Shepherd’s Star.
15. Picnicking. 39. Out for a Spin.
16. The Love Drop. • 40. Early Autumn.
17. Playmates. 41. In a Bad Fix.
18. Flags of All Nations. 42. Brook in Autumn.
19. The Old Homestead. 43. Sunset.
20. The Lighthouse. 44. At Sunset.
21. Washington Crossing the Del- 45. Shipwrecked.
aware. 46. The Historian.
22. Violin Recital. 47. Fishermen’s Return.
23. The Old, Old Question. 48. Two Are Company.
24. Colonial Dame and Virginia 49. Horseback Riding.
Belle. 50. Beauty Study.
It would be a waste of effort to attempt to portray the beauty, rich
ness and warmth of the colors in every one of this constellation of
gems of post cards. They must be possessed to be appreciated.
REMEMBER, if YOU will get only seven (7) subscribers for the
entire combination above at only 25 cents each, we will send you this
entire collection of perfectly lovely post cards as a reward, ALL FREE.
Extra Reward
AND HERE IS ANOTHER SURPRISE FOR YOU: Do you know
what the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is? It is a roster of post card
collectors and of people who will exchange with you. It has many
thousand members now, all over the United States, and in some foreign
countries. We will put your address and that of each member of your
club in the exchange and you will receive post cards from many fine
and entertaining people. A correspondence acquaintance can thus be
made with agreeable people and many a dull hour and otherwise idle
moments can be made pleasant, improved and, perhaps, made profitable.
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that is becoming
famous, because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profita
bly. Our readers can well afford to subscribe for it, as with the two
papers they will get a BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and
marketing.
Perhaps, after you get seven (7) trial subscribers, you can get
three (3) more, making ten (10) in all. If you can, we will send you
another set of cards, A TRIP AROUND THE WORLD WITH UNCLE
SAM’S BATTLESHIPS. There are fifty views in this set. It includes
a view of each ship In colors, shows the sailor boys at work, at play
and at rest. Also many scenes of noted places that the fleet visited.
Included with this is a map of the route and an illustration showing
the entire fleet, with the names of all the ships.
See your friends at once—today, if possible. Tell them that each
one gets all in the great offer above, and YOU must not forget what
you get for your reward. We will be happy if we get the club of sub
scribers, and then we hope to make you another good offer. Use below
coupon.
Cut off here
Publisher of The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.:
I want to embrace your great trial subscription offer, and en
close for trial subscriptions. Please send
all you offered, and stop the papers when the trial is up, unless we
renew.
My Name
R. R P. O
County State
(Attach a sheet for the club and write very distinctly.)
PAGE THIRTEEN