(ARE YOU BILIOUS?]
IS YOUR TONCUE COATED? WHAT IS YOUR TROUBLE? I
The tongue is generally a good guide to the condition of the stomach and , .
liver. The stomach and liver act as partners. One is responsible for the other’s Sometimes persons suffer from a disease, and they doctor for that disease!
shi n fther If on°e VinteJuble.*’ ea?h other oJt SF *l*"™*’ until they are almost to d ®« th ’ when the cause of that disease lsbiliop 9 -|
have stomach trouble, you have liver trouble. If you have liver trouble you have ness. In other words, they may be doctoring for the symptoms instead of the ■
stomach trouble. If your liver refuses to work, your stomach gets lasyj if your cause. It may be that all of the organs are being poisoned by the waste and I
stomach goes on a strike, your liver will. They both belong to the same union, down tissues of the hndv The unisonous matter which should be dlsnosedH
they want good pay when they work. You are entirely dependent upon them, so broßeu down tissues oi the nouy. ine poisonous mattei vvnicn snouia oe aisposeaH
the best way for you to do is to look after them and take an interest in their of every day is clogging the system. None of the organs can work well under■
working dibility. Ko-ro-no is a very important article to have, it is just as Im- such circumstances, any better than a machine can work if it is filled with sand. I
portant as oil is for machinery, or a good broom is for a housekeeper. If your „ . „ . T f> Q ..t...... m ni
stomach and liver go on a strike, you might as well shut up shop. Ko-ro-no is Cleanliness 1S next to Godliness. If you will keep a clean house, you will haven
the remedy that you want, and you can try it at our expense. no trouble.
IMb# TMhlv niaurm* T«; a l flffow What Is Sickness? I
fv*]T I ■ ■■■'■■F ■LBIWIFwF w ■ ■W! You may have been told that you have some disease) |
"R & & perhaps you have. You may have a great many symp- 1
I will send you a full sized SI.OO box of KO-RO-NO, containing 150 days’ treatment, post- J?™,
gage paid, on the following terms: After using KO-RO-NO thirty days if you are entirely satis- be in the organ or part where the pain ha located. Y Dis -I
|fled with the benefits you have received, you are to send me SI.OO for the box of KO-RO-NO. If ease is either vital action in excess, or abnormal vital!
■ you are not satisfied, you are to return the balance of the medicine to me by mail and you do action. The organ is diseased because it is overworked.]
not need to send me a penny. Isn’t that fair? Please read this offer over again and understand nF
that we do not ask you to send us a penny unless you are thoroughly satisfied with KO-RO-NO. so ’®’ strong P <irugs P . The cause may be that the waste and
You run no risk. We take it all. Send us your name and address plainly written. broken down tissues of the body is not properly disposed
of by the proper excretory organs.
Constipation Leads to Disease Our Remarkable Offer Imil ions of little hepatic cells, connected to- 1
|t You will become diseased if * This is an honest offer made in good faith millions of little gaJtrie the mu-
L°et StesthTal Sack t? tO th f e J ead ? rs th * 9 Paper who are sick and 11 Xf el nb ra kJ of thT sto°mach a F seem to
feet or intestinal track to wa nt to get well. See our 30 day trial offer. wnrk tne-cther
keep clean. Just think of it. You do not need to send us a penny unless ®
Constant constipation is con- you are satisfied that Ko-ro-no has done you * 9 r.. „ .9
stant death. The bowels are good. rOOO
the great sewers of the body • w gifigggjf • ww
and must be watched very T»aai Onoctjit BM/ffa/ The work of transforming all of the dis-
closely. Do not neglect the ■ ■ Wffgjr ’erent articles of food into muscle, nerve,
first symptoms. Nearly every Th rpa „ on whv „ OOfl health denends so ,r « in and thought is done principally by the
disease has its beginning in f h h e u r ®on the live? ?? because it does !o 4to,nach and ,iver - When you are » lck » no
Sv m ha‘v e / SSeL n s <“r el "' a’ur e e 'Quantity of Bl“ ??'?*." ?. r “I"’ S" d
uiso&so you m&y rietve, your pwpwv dav ’T'Hia oil#* muAt Hp nron» 001 co vi ua.ci tiion Is vrhen
be » rcTe " , *’ d by eriy. it must be ““It In aSaatuJ. « musl Tt"si
this trouble. not b<? too thick or too thin> If it is prop er, ! at t ly a *: “J®* 1 Y®- Is to cor-
■ya a it plays a very important part in the intes- ect t^ls ondltlon of th© stomach and liter.
g IIC LltfCr tines, by promoting absorption, and increas- .<4 aßjp« a n •
ing the action of the million of little glands r*f)l£fHl£
The liver is the balance and follicles. Most of the Bile is reabsorbed **>
wheel of the system. The into the circulation. If the Bile is not prop- £>q fiot take mercurv or drastic mineral
liver is like the main spring erly made in the first place, it cannot do its , o i SO ns. The chances ‘are, you are bilious,
of a watch. The liver is the work properly and the result is sickness, in- he chances are your blood is clogged with
most Import out in the stead of health. If the Bile is natural it Is- mpurities* The chances are if you take ICo*
body. If your liver is well you composed of Sodium Potassium PO -no, in a few days you will begin to feel
will be well. If your liver is Chloride, Sodium Phosphate, Sodium Carbo- .etter, you will feel the clogged condition is
sick, you may have all sorts nate, Cholesterline and other organic matters )e ing relieved. The chances are you will
of trouble. When your liver In addition to secreting the Bile, the live) -hange your mind about your trouble, and
stops working, the factory has other important work to perform. It , lsre e with us, that you are bilious. The
must shut down. When your Ranges glycogen into glucose. A healthy chanccs are you will come to the conclusion
liver works properly, you will liver always contains glucose as well as gly- that you were in need of a good stomach and
have good pure blood. When cogen. As fast as the glucose is made, it is i lver remedy like Ko-ro-no. The chances are
your liver works well, your absorbed by the blood traversing the capil- that you will make up your mind that there
diseases will have a hard laries of the organ and is carried away by s a great difference between Ko-ro-no and a
time. The liver is the boss, the cuiient of the circulation. laxative. You can try Ko-ro-no at our ex—
Whatever it says goes. If . pense. If you are not thoroughly satisfied ■
DR A P SAWYTR your liver stops, everything ■>_. with it, and it does not do you good, we do |
DR. A. F. bAWIEK stops> If your nve r stops. Off &IIUU J< not want your money. Ko-ro-no is a prac- 1
you may have all kinds of trouble. Keep your liver active and you will tical, scientific, up-to-date remedy. There is ■
feel active. Keep your liver active and the way your other troubles will By closely studying the wonderful work not one ingredient in Ko-ro-no that is not I
disappear will surprise you. If you are sick and discouraged, get your which the liver performs, we can see why its horoughly and highly recommended, by the]
liver right by using Ko-ro-no. Do not continue to use drastic mineral action is so necessary to good health. It leading physicians, and chemists, of the!
poisons. It makes no difference what disease you may have, the first seems to be the principal organ of the body, world. It is a formula originated by Dr. |
step toward a recovery is to get your liver right. It seems to be the balance wheel of them all. Sawyer, who has practiced medicine for 20 1
gg A person with a large healthy liver, always years in Chicago. It is the best remedy that!
feels well, and is robust. If his liver is small he can produce.
■ No matter what you may have, you may have biliousness, constipa- The following cut represents the imagination of a Chicago artist
| tlon, stomach trouble, kidney and bladder trouble, rheumatism, malaria, ]
! dropsy, bad blood, headache, yellowness of the face and eyes, dizziness,
■ general debility, sleeplessness, nervousness, waterbrash, pimples on the ‘ S ,A
■ face, muddy complexion, tp get well you must clean house. The body is » ■ I
■ undergoing changes every day. Worn out tissues of the body must be ■ W f
■ disposed of, so that the new supply of blood each day oan build up new mgr
■ tissues. The best way to assist nature is to assist her in these changes, \■ W '»a
|by helping dispose of the poisonous waste matter through the excretory Sj - \\ I
■ organs. You cannot be sick if the changing process goes on rapidly, as J,mlii nWl■
]it should. Ko-ro-no is made to help this process. It is made to regulate 1 I IllibHF I
■ and help the disposition of waste and poisonous matters of the body. I
| You can try it at our expense. ■' i WAJ Xj R
1750 Days* Treatment "rhe average dose I r? |
jfor an adult is one tablet per day. /J IT I
I Have You Tried Old-Fashioned Mineral Drugs Without Benefit gr e In y<,tt « M ££? IllW Ili I
| Have you made yourself worse by using drastic mineral poisons? Have ■ on '• TOwH I
| you found anything that satisfies you fully? Have you given up hope of ■'p plr I
■ ever being well? Try Ko-ro-no at our expense. ■ ffll
I not doctor for some disease | I
Os IVKISI&KeS that you haven’t got. Do not I
doctor for symptoms. The chances are that your \ I
trouble is directly or indirectly the fault of your I \ ‘ W// KO*RO“NO I
■ liver. A cathartic is not always a liver remedy. A •' A‘m//,
JU Dr. A. P. Sawyer, Chicago, 111. ■ fexF F“ pO M WH/W I
v z‘,i Dear Sir:—l have been a constant sufferer from ’ J ’ H
i Ji./ constipation, headache and sick stomach, so that I
had to lie in bed two or three days at one time and .lAW//1’ n. M
have tried different remedies with poor results. I ?jßm’ l
And on using your KO-RO-NO that it gives in- .zTOII arm 1 S,'B
I : stant relief, and think if taken in time it will I
I 1 prevent an attack and cause a permanent cure. V!,./. t i ii'?gßrfr^±^s='^,7) n
HU I For thls lam very thankful. X.TAR K 1
r / hUX 1 Very respectfully, M. E. ROLLER, I
7 I’l’l Dirkstown, S. D. ®
H A Dr. A. P. Sawyer, Chicago, 111. Ifilll r> Aat 1 I
tw W wnriw’n I have had bowel and kidney trouble more or less JAW HI JI J Mill
M. E. ROLLER for five years j have used one box of your KO _ YV . Kmil U/TIWI I
QF** 8 RO-NO and it has cured me. I have gained twenty J(J **TllM AI
g \ pounds since taking it. I recommend your KO-RO- VI YxTNi bu AWvffll ■
I NO very highly. * y V ' W/■
A Yours truly, W. s. CALL,
V. H —■bhmm«■mmmwomwbmmi —— T^ odoif ® Roosevelt Hunting in Africa.
IJIAF TH I6F All TUP DToU You need not send me a penny unless you are satisfied that KO-RO-NO I
I "fOF ““ a
[W l DR. A. P. SAWYER, ,0 Chicago, lUA