4 ‘Mr. Roosevelt,” said she, “I have some
friends here from the South who are very
eager to meet you, and I wish to bring them
up to call on you.”
“Perfectly delighted!” he exclaimed.
“Come right up and see us.”
“Now, Mr. Roosevelt, you know when
people come here from such a distance they
have precious little time and have a lot to see,
so you mustn’t keep us waiting.”
“I promise you that I will not, madam.
Send in your name and I will be charmed to
receive you and your friends at once. ’ ’
The President was as good as his word and
instead of giving them ten minutes, an hour
had elapsed w T hen Mrs. Williams and her
friends had departed. They discussed the
situation in the South, social conditions of
the long ago, etc.
“When do you expect to show the Presi
dent to our friends?” asked Mr. Williams
that evening.
“Why, I did as you told me, and we spent
an hour at the White House this morning.”
she said.
“You don’t mean it?” said Mr. Williams.
“I certainly do, and I never had any idea
of what a big place it is. Mr. Roosevelt show
ed- us all over it. ’ ’
“Well, that beats me!” exclaimed her
husband. “It’s a sure thing that you can do
more with my name than I can. I forgot to
add, my dear, when aided by your own charm
ing personality. ” —New York World.
GOVERNOR ISSUES A PROCLAMATION.
Nashville, Tenn., March 18 —Governor Pat
terson has issued the following proclamation •
on night, riding.
“The situation in the dark tobacco dis
trict is most deplorable. It is one that appeals
to all good citizens who realize that on a
reign of law and order alone the happiness and
prosperity of individuals and the state
depend.
“As governor 1 have offered rewards for
certain violations of law in that district,
in the hope that these rewards would act
as a deterrent, and in some degree they have
accomplished this result.
“Recently, according to popular report, a
man was shot and killed in the public road
at night in Montgomery county, and another
wounded. In this instance, as in all other
violations of law, I shall offer a reward, upon
affidavit being made that the killing was un
justifiable and the perpetrators are unknown.
I understand that this homicide is now being
investigated by the grand jury of Montgomery
county, and I. counsel moderation, so that the
court may not be embarrassed in its investi
gations and that punishment may ’be meted
out by due process and in an orderly way.
“That condition is intolerable when the
law’ is powerless to protect property and
human life.
“I call now upon all good people in the
district where these disorders are occurring
to take counsel and restore peace by observing
the law and looking alone to its vindication
by the proper tribunals. As an executive I
cannot deal with the causes which have
brought about depredations, arson and murder,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
but the dignity of the state, the public peace
and the protection of life and property must
be maintained at all hazards.
“Anarchy and disorder cannot be substi
tuted for the due administration of justice
without infinite harm to all.
“In the name of the state I call upon all
good citizens to restore peace by united efforts,
to refrain from acts of violence, and to see
that the law is respected and observed,
“MALCOLM R. PATTERSON,
‘ ‘ Governor. ’ ’
—News Scimitar.
U. S. TO SUE HARRIMAN LINE FOR
LAND FRAUD; VALUE 418 MILLIONS.
Washington, March 15. —A complete history
of the methods pursued by the Oregon and
California Railroad, a company controlled by
E. 11. Harriman, in disposing of valuable
lands granted to it by the government, is
contained in a report on the subject prepared
by the attorney general and forwarded to the
Senate by President Roosevelt.
Suits are about to be instituted by the
attorney general against the Oregon and Cali
fornia Railroad Company on the ground that
it has flagrantly violated. the terms of the
grant under which it obtained millions of
acres of land from the government.
If the government wins the suit the rail
road’s title to a tract of approximately
2,000,000 acres, formerly embraced in the
public domain, will be forfeited.
Never Obeyed Law.
In the report of the attorney general, sub
mitted to the Senate by the President, it is
pointed out that the Oregon and California
road obtained about 3,800,000 acres of gov
ernment land in accordance with acts passed
by Congress.
Under the law it was required that the
lands so granted should be sold to actual
settlers only, in quantities not greater than
one-quarter section to one purchaser and for a
price not exceeding $2.50 per acre. Attorney
General Bonaparte declares that the provisions
of the grant have never been respected.
He says:
“The lands have been sold to any per
son, whether settler or speculator, in as large
quantities as possible and at the highest
price passible.
“In making sales the railroad company
has always observed the law of supply and
demand and has never obeyed the law of
Congress. ’ ’
Held 2,000,000 Acres.
Further, the attorney general charges that
in 1902 the company, in violation of the terms
of its agreement with the government, with
drew all its lands from sale. He says:
“Late in the year 1902 the railroad com
pany adopted a new policy and permanently
withdrew all its lands from sale. There then
remained in its hands approximately 2,000,000
acres of the grant, besides approximately
200,000 acres claimed but not patented.
“After having disposed of approximately
800,000 acres, most of it in violation of the
terms of the grants, it resolved upon the plan
of asserting an absolute, unqualified and per-
manent estate in the balance of the grants
in its own favor.
“For a time applicants to purchase were
informed that by reason of a confusion of the
records of the company it was necessary to
make a complete check of its titles to ascer
tain what land remained for sale.
“The San Francisco fire was used as an
excuse for some time, it being explained that
the records of the company had been destroyed
and ’with them its information concerning its
holdings.
Made Many Excuses.
“By these various excuses public sentiment
was restrained.
“In a public speech at Oakland, Cal., in
September, 1907, Mr. Harriman, the president
of the company, admitted that this policy was
intended to bp permanent.”
The Harriman road had reaped tremendous
profits from the sale of land given it by the
government and would reap still greater
profits if the government did not intervene.
In concluding his report the attorney general
says:
“If the conditions of the grant had been
observed, under no circumstances could the
railroad company have enjoyed a bounty ex
ceeding approximately $8,000,000 from the
disposition of the lands. It has already realiz
ed approximately $4,500,000 and asserts abso
lute ownership to property, the assessed valu
ation of which is $418,000,000.’’ —North
American.
“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLLEY’S
jAfxjk. .<44 SANITARIUM
For treatment of Nervous
j !! W gSa Diseases, Opium, Alcoholic
and °^ er ru £ addictions.
For particulars, address
Dr. B. M. Woolley Co.
ATLANTA. GA.
The Hocus Pocus Money Book”
Published in 1904, showed that existing condi
tions made a commercial panic in the near
future inevitable—and why? Its 200 pages ar©
filled with incontrovertible economic principles
and astonishing facts, sustained by figures from
the U. S. Comptroller’s Reports, and bank or
gans, proving that the deposit banking system
—as it has been maneged in the past—is the
real cause of every commercial panic ever
known, and most of the periods of business de
pression that have afflicted this country. And,
what is still more important, It shows how their
recurrence can be made Impossible—and the de
mand for services and products made to always
equal the supply—without wronging any one, or
costing the people a dollar. Book sellers and
news dealers can not afford to antagonize the
banks by handling this book. Do not blame
them —but send for the book yourself. Terms,
by mall: Single copy, 25 cents, 5 for fl. Ad
dress the author,
ALBERT GRIFFIN,
906 Madison St., Topeka, Kansas.
COL PON
ALBERT GRIFFIN, 906 Madison St., Topeka, Kan
Enclosed find 35 ceats, for which send me one codv
of your book.
Name.
Adress.
PAGE FIVE