FOOD FOR THOUGHT AND THE TICKET
THAT WILL WIN.
(Continued from Page Eleven.)
South and its welfare. That man is the sil
ver-tongued orator, Emory Speer.
I will close by saying, give us Watson and
a running mate who will not be antagonistic,
the South will continue to prosper, the poor
will be looked after and our lives will be
brightened as the morning dew to a withered
flower. Respectfully,
DEMOCRAT.
Toomsuba, Miss, May 27, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: Hon. R. Brewer, Chairman of
the State Executive Committee of the Peo
ple’s Party of Mississippi, has just notified
me that he has issued a call for a convention
of the People’s Party of Mississippi to meet
in the Representatives Hall at Jackson, Mis
sissippi, June 25, 1908, 10 o’clock a. m., for
the purpose of nominating Watson and Wil
liams, electors to be voted for in the general
election this fall.
As we have not many papers that will give
us notice of above named convention, and as
your paper circulates pretty generally in this
state, I would appreciate it if you would give
Mr. Brewer’s call a notice in your weekly
as soon as convenient. Perhaps Mr. Brewer
has already written you, but for fear that he
has not, I write this.
Yours with best wishes,
R. E. THOMPSON.
P. S. —I have not got a copy of Mr. Brew
er’s original call, he having sent it to me in
writing with the request that I have my coun
ty papers publish it, so sent it to the Meri
dian Evening Star. But the above are the
facts in the call. - R. E. T.
Band Book of Politics and Economics
In this large volume Mr. Watson gives a
mass of the most valuable statistical informa
tion bearing on every great subject, politi
cal and economic. He also gives the history
of political parties and a summary of all
political platforms.
He also gives a history of national legisla
tion, especially of that class of legislation
which now oppresses the common people.
The National Banking System is fully ex
plained, and its evils demonstrated. The black
chapter of financial legislation which began
with the Civil War and which had its cul
mination in the panic of 1907, is given in full.
In this book you will learn all about our
system of Tariff taxation. You will find in it
the strongest arguments in favor of the gov
ernment ownership of railroads and other pub
lic utilities. You will find in it a discussion
of Socialism; the encroachments of the Fed
eral Judiciary; the peculiar injustice of the
national government to the farming class; the
dangerous encroachments of the Catholic
clergy, and a clear statement of those reme
dies which should be applied in order that
the political body should be made whole.
Price, delivered, SI.OO.
We will mail this book free of charge to
any one who sends us four subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each, or who sends us five subscribers
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,
. , Thomson, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
A Dollar Bill
Enclosed in an envelope, with
your name and address, will
bring you
The Two Jeffersonians
For the Next Six Months
No commission to agents on this offer. Mail your
dollar to
The Jeffersonian, Thomson* Ga.
THE FARMERS’ UNION HYMNAL
Contains a choice collection of Farmers' Union
songs, calculated to build up the cause of
unionism wherever sung. Price, 10 cents per
copy, sl.lO per dozen, postpaid. Round or
shaped notes. Address
A. C. NEECE,
Sunset, Texas, Route I.
it
’// Big Crops |
LJ Mean Bigger W Profits
Wy Big profits from cotton, tobacco, and such garden crops as
corn, tomatoes, cabbage, lettuce, beets V and all other vegeta-
g7 bles and fruits depend upon their uniform * and rapid growth. Big-
ger crops and quicker and larger growth are positively assured through
W high fertilization with
I Viiylflia-Carolina W
I Fertilizers w
I That Virginia-Carolina Fertilizers are far superior to any other fertilizers Is g
proved by the experience of Mr. D. M. Griffin, D. D. S. of Plant City, Fla., hSgt whs
| who says: “I was trucking on a small scale, and decided I would try a few W
sacks of your fertilizer, as it was cheap and said to be good. I put it un- 3?
der some tomatoes by the side of some other high grade fertilizer which j
cost me sls a ton more, and in the same proportion per acre. I don’t fig S
I think I exaggerate in the least in saying that the yield where I used ISf
Virginia-Carolina Fertilizers was three times that of where I used ».W
.. the other brand of so-called high-grade fertilizer.” /Js W /
L Many valuable pointers on truck farming written by government I /
Ik and private authorities, will be found in our new Farmers’ Year i/
mil, Book or Almanac. Get a copy at your fertilizer dealers’, or 9 a
&’.m write to our nearest sales office. It is Free. zv Jrek 4®
. I
Km Virginia-Carolina Chemi Co.
Richmond, Va. Durham, N. C. Zs
Norfolk, Va. Charleston. S. C. fl
ShwA Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md. $ V H
Atlanta, Ga. Columbus, Ga. \
Savannah, Ga. i \
Montgomery, Ala.
k Memphis, Tenn. \
k. WW fgpP' '
Vi
I Jd BHwE fertilizers s
ijpL lifiF W
Prose Miscellanies
Selected From the
Writings of Mr. Watson
Among these are his
Reply to Booker Washington, as to the Ne
gro race; Aftermath of ths Civil War, "Con
valescent,” "At Fifty,” Dream Children, “In
the Mountains,” "Not Quite,” “Bubbles on the
Stream,” “Planting Corn,” “Pay In Indian Sum
mer,” and others.
Bound in Cloth.
Mailed to any address for 91.00.
Given as a PREMIUM to any one sending
3 new subs, to either Jeffersonian at our regu-
ls you want REAL enjoyment eend ten cents
for a copy of HUMORIST! Address: Publisher
Humorist, St. Louis, Mo. In ordering your
reading matter, don’t fail to include the Humor
ist!
PAGE FIFTEEN