’ “Pulpit Editor”. And I regret to report that
the same narrowness, unfairness and intoler
ance--which Dr. Lovett has displayed in The
Wesleyan Christian Advocate, and which
Bell and Graham have shown in The Chris
tian Index, is exhibited by Dr. Broughton, in
The Golden Age.
Don’t you find yourself wondering why
these sectarian papers are so afraid to let their
readers see both sides of the shield?
Are you not surprised to see them so much
less fair, liberal jand candid than The Jef
fersonian, and other secular publications?
Are yon beginning to have your suspicions
aroused? I should think so. If you were on
a jury, in the court-room, and one party to
the case should object to your hearing the
other party and his witnesses, would you not
immediately suspect something wrong?
Would you, under such conditions, allow a
verdict in favor of the man who objected to
your hearing what the other man had to say ?
You certainly would not. Well, that is
what these sectarian papers are asking the
people to do — give a verdict in their favor,
without allowing me a hearing in their col
umns.
Now, as to Bro. Len.
His first injustice to me is where he says
that Mr. W. T. Ellis, having studied mission
work abroad, “with an open mind”, has be
come “a wise, enthusiastic advocate of preach
ing the gospel in foreign lands”.
That statement, made in connection with
allusions to me, and to the challenge to de
bate with Ellis, leaves the reader to infer that
I did not study the question with “an open
mind”, and that I am not an “advocate of
preaching the gospel in heathen lands”.
The readers of The Jeffersonian know
better; those of The Golden Ago do not. Our
readers know that I do earnestly advocate the
very thing stated by Dr. Broughton, towit —
the preaching of the Gospel to the heathen.
If the missionaries were not subordinating
the evangelistic work to school-teaching,
music lessons, gymnastics, farming, indus
trial training, the practice of medicine and
surgery ; the support of widows, orphans,
lepers; blind, deaf and dumb heathen —and
much other unscriptural work, I never would
have trained a gun on them.
In stating my position at all, Dr. Brough
ton should have stated it right. It is not fair
to me to use the word “proclaim”, only, as
representing my attitude in the matter. Time
and again, I have said that I heartily favored
the method of missionary work which Paul
and the early apostles instituted; and which
the churches continued to follow for eighteen
hundred years! To preach the Gospel, or to
teach it, in the way that Christ meant, is to
become its messenger, its herald, its “pro
claimer”, if you please: but the word “pro
claim”, in that connection, means such an
announcement as Paul, Peter, Timothy and
the others made, in their day—the same as
that which Augustine made in Britain; Co
lumba. in Scotland; and Patrick, in Ireland.
Dr. Broughton is a mighty smart man: so
is Dr. Lovett: so are Bell and Graham, I
guess: but I can’t bring myself to believe that
the apostles' of early missions did not under
stand what Christ meant, better than Bro.
Len Broughton and his associates do. Some
of those pioneer missionaries walked and
talked with Christ. Paul had a noble intel
lect, was a learned man; and enjoyed the
priceless advantage of conferring with those
who had- received their marching orders from
the Great Commander Himself. Can you be
lieve that Paul did not know how Christ
wished the foreign missionary to conduct his
work ?
Never did Paul do anything, save to preach
Christ and Him crucified. On neither of his
three great tours, did he so much as open a
school. On the contrary, he emphatically
declared (1 Corinthians, 2c. 2v.) “Z deter
mined to know nothing among you, BVT
leffersontan
JESUS CHRIST AND HIM CRUCI
FIED.”
I take my stand under the glorious banner
of the Apostle to the Gentiles—AND ALL
HELL CAN’T DRIVE ME AN INCH!
Where do Dr. Broughton, Dr. Lovett, Bell
and Graham, Towson and all the other
screamers stand ?
AGAINST PAUL!
They have built their house on sand—vani
ty, pride, greed, personal ambition, the love
of power, the enjoyment of fat salaries, easy
jobs, foreign travel and residence, the spirit
of adventure, a mistaken notion of duty, and,
in many instances, the misdirection of the
noble spirit of consecration.
Dr. Broughton alludes to me as one “who
is now using the education which he received
(he openly confesses it) through the kind
ness of others”, etc.
Brother Len is quite an artist in the han
dling of words. The words “confess, confes
sion, confesses”, imply guilt. According to
Bro. Len, it was a crime for Alexander H.
Stephens to receive an “education through
the kindness of others”. It was a crime for
George McDuffie to receive similar aid —else
Dr. Broughton would never have applied the
words, openly confesses it,” to acceptance
of such charitable help.
But the Doctor is off on his facts. I have
never “confessed”, openly or secretly, that my
education—such as it is—was due “to the
kindness of others”. What I have said, (and
am not ashamed to repeat.) is, that after fin
ishing the course at the Steed High School,
at Thomson, I had the benefit of the Fresh
man and Sophomore terms, at Mercer —my
board in the Mess Hall being paid partly by
my parents, and partly with money made by
me teaching school during the vacation of
the University.
At that time, the tuition fee, (as I remem
ber,) w r as S6O per annum: hence my two
years cost the Mercer Endowment $l2O. But
what has that got to do with the carrying of
millions of American money to erect magnifi
cent colleges in Asia, Africa, Mexico, and
South America?
IF JESSE MERCER HAD BEEN THE
SAME SORT OF PHILANTHROPIST
THAT THE FOREIGN MISSIONARY
LOVES TO MILK, OUR DEAR OLD
ALMA MATER WOULD HAVE BEEN
LOCATED IN SHANGHAI, OR TOKIO,
OR SOOCHOW, OR RIO DE JANEIRO.
It was just because Jesse Mercer believed in
helping the home-folks, that he founded his
splendid school at Penn,field, Georgia!
It behooves me to be grateful to Mercer
University and loyal to the example set me
by its noble-hearted founder; consequently, I
advocate the education, conversion and sup
port of our own national household, first. Be
fore we send to the heathen anything more
than the Christian workers carried, during
the eighteen hundred years which came next
after Christ, we owe it to our own flesh and
blood (and our own negroes) to see to it, that
no boy or girl in America is denied an edu
cation, and that no person, old or young,
black aiwl white, should perish from want—
from cold, hunger or neglected disease.
Dr. Broughton grows furious in combat
ting me, on the question of building hospit
als in heathendom, and giving to millions of
foreigners the benefit of our medicines, and
our skill in pharmacy and surgery.
Well, let him roar: I stand my ground. It
is an infernal outrage against our own flesh
and blood, that we should be healing the sick,
gratuitously, throughout the foreign world,
while so many hundreds of thousands of our
national household perish for the lack of
what we are so eager to give to the heathen.
In Dr. Broughton!s home city, Atlanta,
There are thousands of poor people, white and
black, who suffer miserably, and die in neg
lect. because the Broughtons and Lovetts, and
Bell and Grahams, etc., have gone crazy on
the subject of Foreign Missions. A sick nig
ger, in Atlanta, may linger in the agonies of
pneumonia, and perish for lack of a doctor,
who would have only a few blocks to travel
to reach the sick man with medicine, and
medical skill. But they buy a $15,000 house
boat, and send it clear across the ocean, in
order that the missionaries may steam up and
down the Congo River, carrying skilled re
lief to sick niggers. IS THERE ANY
SENSE IN THAT?
Thousands of black orphans in this coun
try are being brought up by irreligious, illit
erate, barbarous relatives.
THESE, excite no missionary bellyaches.
But let it come to the knowledge of the for
eign missionaries, that some “Dear little
Dora”, left an orphan, is about to go back to
her nearest unconverted relatives; and the fa
natics all take the bellyache. Tearful and
frantic appeals are made to our people, for
money wherewith the foreign missionary
may BUY the negro child, for the privilege
of supporting, educating, and marrying her
off to some well-paid “native worker”, who
pretends to be a “convert”.
WHAT SENSE IS THERE. IN THAT
KIND OF THING?
Everybody knows that our country simply
teems with the illiterate, the irreligious, the
destitute, the diseased, the sick and neglected
poor—but where is your “missionary doctor”
and your “missionary surgeon”, travelling
around, like angels from' on high, ministering
to these, THESE—our own kith and kin!—
in the name of Christ?
All over Mexico, all over the southern
part of this continent, all over Africa and
Asia, these misguided and unnatural doctors
and surgeons are travelling, year in and year
out, hunting for the sick and the afflicted.
THEY EVEN FURNISH TRAINED
NURSES, FREE OF CHARGE, TO
WELL - TO-DO CATHOLICS AND
HEATHEN, IN ORDER THAT THEY
MAY GET THE CHANCE TO TALK
FOR CHRIST.
Why, in the name of God! Why do they
not send the missionary doctor and the mis
sionary surgeon to relieve the irreligious suf
ferers of our own land, and thus get a chance
to talk Christ to THEM?
Let me tell you, Dr. .Broughton! This
eternal nagging and pulling at the congre
gations of America, for millions of dollars
to supply the impoverished heathen and for
eign Catholics with those things which are
needed so desperately by the children, the
widows, and the old or afflicted men, of this
country—lS GOING TO CAUSE A REVO
LUTION IN YOUR CHURCHES, if you
don’t look sharp.
With Your Ballots, Shoot These
Deserters!
When a soldier goes over to the enemy, and
is afterwards captured by his former com
rades, what is done to him ?
If he has not only deserted, but turned his
guns on his former comrades, he is invariably
shot.
Read this—
“To put it in another way, the nominal Repub
lican majority in the House would have been de
stroyed, if all the minority had co-operated with
the so-called ‘insurgent Republicans,’ and the
very first pledge of the Republican national con
vention and the Republican President, Mr. Taft,
would have failed as completely as though a
Democratic House of Representatives had been
elected instead of a House with a nominal Re
publican majority of 46.”
That is an extract from a speech made by
Speaker Joe Cannon, at Washington City,
on the night of November 26, 1909. By “mi
nority,” he means, of course, the Democrats
of the House of Representatives. By “the
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE