PAGE EIGHT
Xsl)e 3effersonkm
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Watered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga.., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., MAY 27, 1909.
REMITTANCES must be made in money
orders or exchange. Local checks cannot be
accepted, unless ten cents is added for ex
change.
About This Week's Paper.
Owing to the strike on the Georgia Railroad,
which has tied up every train between Thom
son and Atlanta, and delayed the mails, some
important editorials by Mr. Watson did not
reach our printers in time w for this week’s’
issue. The little readers of our paper will be
disappointed at the absence of “Our Post Card
Club,” which is due to the same cause. Next
week’s paper, we hope, will be all the more
interesting.
M M M
A Champion of the Lumber Trust.
Elsewhere our readers will find a letter from
Mr. W. F. Way, who enters a plea for the
Lumber Trust and its platform-busters,—the
Democratic Congressmen who joined the Re
publicans and helped “down” the Democratic
leader, Champ Clark of Missouri.
It might be a knock-out answer to Mr. Way
to ask him why he did not make his defense
of the Lumber Trust earlier. Why didn’t he
raise his eloquent voice in protest when the
Democratic National Convention officially in
structed Democratic Representatives and Sen
ators to vote for “the immediate repeal of the
tariff duties on lumber, timber and logs”? Mr.
Way knew that the Bryanites were going be
fore the country as advocates of untaxed
lumber. He knew that his party was seeking
votes on the faith of the platform pledges.
Did Mr. Way chirp, during the campaign?
Did he say that the platform should not bind
anybody? Did he not make himself a party to
the fraud practiced upon the people when the
Bryanites asked popular support because of
platform pledges WHICH THOSE LEAD
ERS DID NOT INTEND TO REDEEM?
If Mr. Way spoke out against the platform
of his party, when and where did he do it?
If he was silent then, is he not estopped now?
If Mr. Way filed his protest before the
November election, it can not be said that Mr.
Brantley did, nor that Senator Bacon did, nor
that the other Southern Congressmen, who
deserted their own ranks to join the Repub
licans, ever put the people of their districts
upon notice that they intended to do so.
What folly it is to pretend that this lumber
tariff is going to benefit the small proprietors!
Everybody knows who it is that demands of
Democratic Congressmen the violation of the
pledges of their platform. It is such men as
H. H. Tift, of Tifton, Ga., whose allies of the
Trust own 250,000 acres of timber land in
Georgia and Florida; it is such concerns as
the Kirby Lumber Combine, of Texas, that
controls 800 mills and hundreds of thousands
of acres of timber lands; such firms as Alger-
Sullivan Company, operated by Northern capi
talists like the notorious W. D. Mann, partner
of the late Russell B. Alger of Michigan ; it
is such capitalistic free-booters as those that
had their rapacity foiled by Governor James
Tsl)* ‘Seffersonlan
K. Vardaman of Mississippi, and who evened
up by combining against Vardaman when he
ran for the Senate.
These are the ruthless money-hunters who,
in the recent assemblage at Kansas City, Mo.,
resolved to close down 1,000 saw mills, throw
ing possibly 100,000 laborers out of work, so
that the supply of lumber would run short
and prices be forced up to the notch which
the Trust desires.
Millions of people who must buy shingles,
scantling, timbers and plank will be compelled
to pay extortionate prices before building and
repairing can be done. Thus the Lumber
Kings levy unjust black-maii throughout the
length and breadth of the land.
Compare our cotton-growers to these men.
And then talk to me about being fair! Why,
the cold statistics, in the governmental reports,
prove that the farmers are not making any
profits whatsoever; and that the manufacturers
clear annually two thousand millions of dol
lars, over and above eight per cent interest on
the capital invested.
Where has any Farmer’s Union Convention
proposed that twenty per cent of the farms be
abandoned and the wage-earners turned adrift?
Where have the cotton-growers syndicated the
ownership of farm lands, controlled every cot
ton field from some central point, decided how
many farms should be cultivated, and dictated
the price at which every farmer should sell?
That is what the Trust does —does it in Oil,
does it in Steel, does it in Tobacco, does it in
Lumber. I again ask. when and where have
the farmers even attempted to do such a
thing?
As to the suggestion made by me that the
South back Sully in a bull movement in cot
ton, I have nothing to take back. No gamble
was contemplated. I meant the creation of a
strong demand for spot-cotton by the purchase
and holding of spot cotton. What wrong
would that have done?
It is discouraging to have to meet the argu
ment that, because the North demands and
gets legislation which is wrong, the South
must have some of it, too. It is just such
statesmanship that has caused the political
glory to pass away from the South. How can
we hope to overcome evil if we compromise
with it? How can we expect to get back into
the right road, if we continue to toddle along
after the Republicans in the wiong one? It is
a delusion, a terrible mistake to vote with the
North to put lumber and iron ore on the taxed
list, in order that rice and cotton may remain
on it! Such cynical Republicans as Aldrich
and Payne laugh in their sleeves when they
see Southern Congressmen weakening their
case in that pitiful, short-sighted way.
As long as the Republican leaders can bribe
the Southern Democrats with rice duties, lum
ber duties, and iron ore duties, so long will
the manufacturing capitalists (mostly Northern
men) continue to pile up those monumental
profits which are wrung mainly from the South
and West.
We might as well expect a greenhorn to
bankrupt all the card-sharpers as to expect our
Southern Congressmen to hold their own with
the Northern experts in a collusive scheme for
plundering the consumers. The Northern ex
ports will get the best of the bargain, everv
time. THE ONLY SALVATION OF THE
SOUTH AND WEST IS TO STAND UN
FLINCHINGLY FOR CONSTITUTIONAL
PRINCIPLE. If we must have a tariff at all,
let it be levied on the luxuries, —as in England
—leaving untouched by robber prices the neces
saries which the poor must have to live.
as for me, I stand on the historic Democratic
ground. Tn principle a Free Trader. I would,
if I could, pull the bridles off, and let every
imiustry run its own race, in a fair-and-free
for-all contest.
This thing of using the Government’s sov
ereign power of taxation to put profits into
private business, is altogether wrong, is not
warranted by the Constitution, and is dividing
our 85,000,000 people into two classes, the
looters and the looted.
The attack which Mr. Way makes on my
record in Congress is best answered by the
fact that I kept every pledge of the platform
upon which I was elected. Messrs. Brantley,
Livingston, Griggs, Edwards, Lee, Bell, and
the others whose names are on the Black List,
voted against the pledges contained in the plat
form on which they were elected.
These DESERTERS went over to the Re
publicans, and voted against THEIR OWh
PARTY AND THEIR OWN PLATFORM.
•tn*
Hob Did The Hon. Tom Veil Vote?
We have been furnished <with a letter in
which Congressman Bell makes a denial of the
charge that he voted with Republicans and for
the Lumber Trust.
Well, let’s look it up. If we have done the
Hon. Tom any injustice we must make amends,
as-far as possible.
It was on April 9 that the House of Repre
sentatives was voting on the lumber schedule
of the Payne tariff bill. The first division is
found on page 1174 of the Congressional a
Record*
When the sheep and the goats went their
different ways, on that first test, we find to our
poignant sorrow that the Hon. Tom Bell is
catalogued as a goat.
Thomas deserted the Democratic leader,
Hon. Champ Clark, and flocked along with the
Republicans who were following Hon. Sereno
Payne, the Republican leader.
I he next division occurred on the amend
ment offered by Tawney of Minn., the effect
of which would have been to reduce the duty
on dressed lumber. Again, nearly all the
Democrats followed their official leader and
voted for the Tawney amendment.
And again, to our chagrin and demoraliza
tion we find Hon. Tom Bell penned up with
the Republicans, —a he-goat by choice and
deliberate affiliation.
Once more, —on page 1177 the House di
vided on the question of putting on the free
list all the articles mentioned in the Tawney
amendment, beginning with the words, “Wood,
sawed boards, planks, etc.”
The great majority of the Democrats, fol
lowing Mr. Clark, their leader, voted for this
amendment.
Once more, we sigh and grieve to find our
little Bell tinkling in the goat pasture, along
with the wicked Republicans.
Now, let us be fair to our Bell. He did vote
with De Armond on the proposition to admit,
free of duty, lumber, etc., from any dependency
of North America, South America, or Central
America, or any island of the Western Hemis
phere. Our Bell also voted for Mr. Clark’s
motion to strike out the lumber schedule en
tirely. Neither one of those propositions had
any chance of success in that Republican
House, AND EVERYBODY THERE
KNEW IT.
De Armond was voted down by 244 to 133,
and Mr. Clark was defeated by 228 to 153.
But on the other divisions, where a liberal
and honest Republican, like Tawney, was offer
ing amendments which would have reduced the
lumber duties, and placed on the free list many
kinds of timber, there were Republican mem
bers who were willing to give the people that
measure of relief, and had the Democrats loyal
ly followed their honest and able leader, Taw
ney’s amendments would have carried.
It was the defection of Hon. Tom Bell and
the other Black List deserters that defeated
reform and carried victory to the Lumber
Trust.
The first of the Tawney amendments, pro
posing to put square timber on the free list,
was defeated by a vote of 198 to 184.
Had Hon. Tom Bell followed his official
leader, and had the other Democratic deserters
done the same thing, the Republican leader
\yould have been whipped.