LINCOLN’S LOVEMAKING.
Mrs. Mary Sullivan of Quincy, 111., who has
just died at the age of 83, it is said, upon her
own alleged statement, was another in the list
of women who jilted Abraham Lincoln. Sev
eral other women have made a similar claim,
with doubtful accuracy, if not with positive
untruth, the temptation of the supposed honor
of having discarded a man who afterward be
came so great having doubtless led these
claimants to magnify some attentions given
them by young Lincoln into a purpose to win
them to himself. Nevertheless, however apoc
ryphal some of these stories may be, it ap
pears that Lincoln had a checkered experience
in his love affairs, and that, like many another
man, he made several attempts to get him a
wife before he succeeded. He was rather an
ungainly young man, but one who knew how to
make himself interesting, and it cannot be for
a moment supposed that he was a persistent
suitor going about courting girls only to be
rejected by many. The Philadelphia Ledger
says of him:
‘‘According to Nicolay and Hay, Herndon,
Lamon and other investigators, including Ida
Tarbell, the interviewer of all the old women
and town loafers in Ilinois who had ever seen
Lincoln carry a market basket or heard him
tell an anecdote, only three women received
proposals from him. He was an erratic and
not overbold suitor, and no biographer is able
to create very pretty romance out of his love
affairs. Much is sometimes made of his early
attachment for Anne Rutledge, the daughter
of the Kentucky keeper of a log tavern, at
which he boarded in New Salem, a dwindling
Illinois town of which for three years he was
the postmaster. She died in 1835, and many
think that this loss went to darken all his fu
ture life. For a time, at any rate, lie was
plunged into deep moods of abstraction, and
he used to say, in reflecting upon this period
in his life, that he feared to trust himself
even with a penknife. A friend guarded him
against himself, and he was reserved for other
misadventures of the heart. He was heard to
remark after he became President that he
loved the very name of Rutledge.
“Lincoln’s next 1 affair’ invilved another
Kentucky girl, Mary S. Owens, who was visit
ing her sister in Illinois. A faineant in all
his loves, he seems to have desired marriage
without being at all certain of the wisdom of
his course. He plainly wrote his ‘Friend
Mary’ that, although he would abide by his
decision to marry her if she wished, it was his
honest opinion that she had ‘better not do
it.’ .It is not very surprising, therefore, that
this romance of 1837 came to an unfortunate
end, Miss Owens renouncing her lover, it was
said, because of his poverty and personal awk
wardness, but as likely as not because of his
singularly undiplomatic way of conducting the
negotiations. Certainly Lincoln was not sore
ly hurt by this experience, as he soon wrote to
a friend that he was glad to be well out of
his ‘scrape,’ since the lady was ‘over size’;
indeed, a fair match for Falstaff ‘and an old
maid’ who had formed a conspiracy to capture
him. ’ ’
It was in Springfield that Lincoln met Mary
Todd, another daughter of a Kentuckian, whom
he afterward married. His courtship won her
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
consent, but his love affair was not without
its moods and uncertainties. When the date
for which the wedding was set had come the
bridegroom disappointed the bridal party, and
it was not until nearly two years afterward,
in November, 1842, that the marriage was
brought about. —Nashville Banner.
On one occasion in Athens, Ga.. a college
student at the breakfast table discovered some
macaroni on the table, and did not know what
it was; however, his appetite desired some
ot it. He asked: “Pass me some of that
down there by the syrup pitcher. ’’
Professor Scudder, president of one of the
New York Normal Schools, said. “In the
midst of golden opportunities, the young peo
ple are called upon to face graver crises and
greater responsibilities than ever before came
up for solution.’’
» ’He Who Brings Buyer and Seller Together x
Does Good to Both” Q*
MODEL MAGAZINE fl
I uwvuhmi [ V > J IMSPIRATKWj
A BUSINESS MAN’S MAGAZINE
AND A WOMAN’S HOME MAGAZINE
48 Pages of Select Reading Matter and Timely Illustrations. Replete with
INFORMATION, INSPIRATION AND OPTIMISM
ONE DOLLAR A YEAR
~ carefully edited departments are an Impartial Review of
the Great Events of the preceding month. Historical events of each
month in history, Tabloid History of the World, “Our Growing Country, ”
Resources of Our Country,” “American Industries,” “Business,
Finance, Banking, Investment,” “Postal Information,” “Mail Order
News, ” and others relating to Architecture and Building, Town Improve
ment, Good Roads, Science and Labor. Regular magazine features, in
cluding serial and short stories, Woman, Fashions, etc.
..Th® Model Magazine will tell you how to make profitable use of your
idle money and give you practical business hints and suggestions.
The Model Magazine is unlike any other. Send a postal card request
for a sample copy. DO IT NOW. Address:
THE MODEL MAGAZINE
Marden Building WASHINGTON, D. C.
- —,‘rrrr:
The Model Magazine will be sent to Jeffersonian Magazine and Weekly
Jeffersonian subscribers for 50 cents a year.
The “LUMMUS” \
I COTTON GINNING OUTFIT
Important 1908 Improvements I
I Including Air Blast System
Requiring less power, greater efficiency.
F. H. LUMMUS SONS CO. Mrnnbus, 6a J
Please mention this paper when you write.
HIGHGRADE As"
DROP-HEAD Kill QU
LIGHT RUNNING I # fl I
SEWING |f aUU
MACHINE S«
Positively the greatest Sewing-Machine value
ever offered. By our direct selling plan, we
save you all dealers’ and agents’ profits. Thia
- Machine is equal to
V / any usua Dy sold by
®a ents for $30.00.
I s substantially
co c= {} 7 made of best
material, and is
u- S fe l ” UIW equipped with
ca - c/i the latest im-
g ijl f \ Wjl provements. Ele
hn >» fUI raM gant oak drop-leaf
'55 “ cabinet, 4 drawers
and full set of at
-1 xuSSyC* J tachments. We give
~ , our binding 10-year
guarantee with each machine. Order one today, try it 30
days and if not found in every way satisfactory, we will re
fund your money. We are the largest sewing machine dis
tributers in the South, and make prompt shipment.
Send for complete catalogue mailed free on application.
MALSBY. SHIPP & CO.
Dept. F. Atlanta, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN