The Negro Revenue Collector of Georgia:
One of the Southern Congressmen Who
Deserted to the Republicans, and
Thus Helped to Increase
the Cost of Living
Dear Sir:—You state in the March 3d issue of
The Jeffersonian in substance that Henry Rucker,
Collector of Internal Revenue for Georgia for the
past thirteen years, who is a negro, has not been
ousted from the office and there has been no de
termined and concerted fight made on him by the
Senators and Representatives in Congress from
Georgia, because the Deputy Collector, Dr. Wm.
King, is Congressman Bill Howard’s father-in
law.
Dr. King was appointed an Inspector in the In
ternal Revenue Service in 1885 by President
Cleveland. Sometime in 1890 he was appointed a
clerk in the Revenue Collector’s Office in Atlanta,
six years before I was elected to Congress, and he
has remained in this office until now. In July,
1897, President McKinley appointed H. A. Ruck
er, Collector, and Dr. King was appointed Deputy
Collector. I had nothing whatever to do with the
first or any subsequent appointment of Dr. King.
I have never requested Henry Rucker to retain
or promote the Doctor in his office. I have never
requested Senator Bacon or Senator Clay or any
member of the Georgia delegation in Congress to
make any request of Rucker in behalf of Dr.
King or to make any request of any President or
other officer of the Government in behalf either
of Dr. King or of Rucker, nor have I made any
such request of any President or Federal officer'.
I was never under any personal or political obli
gation to Henry Rucker, nor was he ever under
any kind of obligation to me.
I have never discussed with either Senator or
any member of Congress Dr. King’s service in the
Collector’s Office. Neither Senator or any Repre
sentative has done, or refrained from doing any
thing with respect to Rucker’s holding the office
of Collector in consequence of any act or word of
mine. . Dr. King has remained in the service
through his own efforts and merits and unaided
by me or either Senator or any Representative
from the State.
You have made other charges against me dur
ing the last few months of disloyalty to the Demo
cratic party, but conscious as I am that the Rec
ords of Congress and the caucus will not sustain
your criticisms, I have been content to answer
them before the people of the district and demon
strate that they are without. foundation in fact.
But your charge that because of a family rela
tionship I have used my official position to con
strain both Senators and my colleagues from do
ing, what you assume, they could and would oth
erwise have done as a public duty, is mean, false
and malicious, and I demand that you publish
this letter of denial and make the retraction com
mon decency demands.
Very truly yours, WM. M. HOWARD.
Washington, D. C., March 10, 1910.
ANSWER.
When a Southern man has betrayed his own
people, and delivered them to New England
robbers, who extort from them the most out
rageous prices for the necessaries of life, it is
not surprising that, when attention is called
to HIS POLITICAL CRIME. he should
lose his temper and refer to the charges
against him as “mean, false and malicious”.
Not a, word that I have said against Bill
Howard can be taken bach. Everything that
I have said against him will be repeated.
Having nothing in the world against him
personally, I wish to God I could publish a
“retraction”, but the facts won’t let me.
Had it not been that Bill Howard’s father
in-law is snugly berthed under this insolent
negro, 11. A. Rucker, the Internal Revenue
Collector for Georgia—serving, as I am told,
practically as a private secretary —taking per
sonal orders from him, as an official inferior,
for the sake of SI,BOO per year —the Georgia
delegation would have done just what Till
man did, in South Carolina. They would
have made war upon the continuance in office
of the colored man who came so near causing
Jeffersonian
civil war in the State of Georgia within the
last few months.
I did not say that Bill Howard ever went
to the Senators, or his colleagues in the House,
and made any request in behalf of Dr. King.
I did not say that he had used his official po
sition to “constrain” his colleagues. It never
occurred to me that there was any necessity
that he should. What I said, and reiterate,
is that because they couldn't make war on the
nigger without hitting Bill Il award's father
in-law, there was a natural disinclination to
make war upon the nigger. It was the pres
ence of Dr. King in the office that saved
Rucker from attack, and attempted removal.
lie has held, that job for thirteen years. It
has been a daily and, aggravated offense to
every white man of Georgia; but did the Rep
resentatives want to make trouble with so
powerful a Congressman as William M. How
ard. by striking at Rucker, when to do so
meant loss of place to Howard's father-in
law?
Every member of the Georgia delegation is
well aware of Bill Howard’s pugnacious,
fearless and aggressive character; and they
knew perfectly well that if they aroused him,
by making an effort against Rucker, which
meant the displacement of Howard’s father
in-law, they would have Bill to fight.
In what other way does Mr. Howard ex
plain the difference between Georgia and
South Carolina? Are the people of Georgia
fonder of niggers in office than those of Mis
sissippi, Virginia and South Carolina? When
a negro is appointed to a postoffice in Mis
sissippi, the whole State is convulsed with an
indignant remonstrance against it. When the
city of Augusta is threatened with a negro
postmaster, the whole State of Georgia is up
in arms against it. When Crum is put into
the Custom House at Charleston, South Caro
lina never rests for a moment until that
negro is put out, and a white man put in.
Yet, see how different it is in Georgia !
This insolent black rascal, Henry Rucker, has
staid up there for thirteen long years; and, if
ever the Georgia delegation has made a con
certed, persistent, aggressive attack upon him,
the fact has failed to reach the papers.
How else can you explain it, save by my
explanation— that Howard's colleagues in
Congress knew that he wanted things to re
main as they were? If he didn’t want it so, why
didn’t he make a fight on it? If it wasn't
because his father-in-law was drawing SI,BOO
a, year, working under that nigger, wouldn't
Bill have tried to oust the nigger and put in
a. white man? LET HIM EXPLAIN HIS
OWN SILENCE during all these years.
He ought to be ashamed of himself. He
has been getting SIO,OOO per year for lo! these
many years, for an average of nine months'
work of every term: he has been furnished,
at the people’s expense, with a Secretary paid
SIOO a month: other perquisites of great val
ue he has enjoyed at the public expense.
Hasn’t he pocketed his ten cents a mile for
travelling? Did he pay his way at two or
three cents a mile, or did, he ride on a free
ticket? Did he pocket ten cents from the
dear people, and. at the same time, take a
free ticket from the railroads? Let him ex
plain to his constituents.
It would have been far more to your credit,
Bill, if you had appointed your father-in-law
your Secretary, giving him the SIOO per
month; and then, when you were at home in
Lexington, paid some deserving boy or girl of
Oglethorpe county SSO a month to take your
correspondence; and, when you went to
Washington to attend Congress, to have done
the same thing by some worthy boy or girl,
of that great city, who needed the work and
the monev.
•J
As to your desertion of your flag, and your
disgraceful surrender to the Republicans, the
facts are just as I have stated them; just as I
will continue to state them; and I defy you
to disprove them.
On the organization of the House, last
year, it was a question as to whether that
body should recover its power and privileges,
as a representative, deliberative body; or
whether it should remain the slave of those
three Republican stand-patters of the Rules
Committee. Even some of the Republicans
had grown sick at heart, and rebellious of
temper, against the domination of that vile old
creature, Joe Cannon, who a few years ago
had to retire into temporary obscurity to es
cape the storm which was beating upon him
because of indecency of speech in Congress.
Although the more respectable Republicans
could no longer stand for him, you could!
You and Lon Livingston, Gordon Lee, Jim
Griggs, Charles Edwards, W. G. Brantley,
deserted your leader, Champ Clark; deserted
your comrades of the Democratic side; went
oyer to the very worst element of the Repub
lican party; renewed their lease of power;
gave them the absolute domination of what
should be a free, representative, deliberative
body. By reason of those tyrannical Cannon
rules, it became possible for the Speaker to
pack the Committees, jam the Payne tariff
bill through the House, pack the Committee
on Conference, and, secure the adoption of the
most horribly unjust, oppressive tariff bill
that ever cursed the common people of this
country.
Didn’t Joe Cannon himself, in the speech
which he made in Kansas City last Novem
ber, declare to his Republican audience that,
if the Democrats had stood united, they, act
ing with the insurgent Republicans, could
have made it impossible for the Republicans
to replace the Dingley law w T ith the infernal
Aldrich law, wdiich is wmrse than Dingleyism
itself? •
Didn't Joe Cannon say it was the aid of
you and Livingston, and the other deserters.
that made it possible for him to put the bill
through? Didn't he say that, without your
help, he couldn't have done it? You know
he did. The speech was, in violation of the
spirit of the law. published as though it had
been delivered in Congress, and it has been
scattered,. by the thousand, throughout the
land. Didn't you read what Joe Cannon said
about you? Have you risen from your place
to deny it? Have you mounted, your high
horse to say insulting things to HIM? If
what he said about you in that speech is false,
why don’t you, Mr. Brave Man, get up on
your shoe leather, face him, and tell him so?
You don't dare to do it. You know he told
the truth and, what’s more, you know that I
have told it.
You went into Congress as a free silver re
former, didn’t you. Bill ?
Y ou were a People’s man, weren’t vou, Wil
liam ?
You ran out of public life, by your gibes,
your promises, your eloquence, as pure
hearted a man as ever represented the State of
Georgia. Judge Thomas G. Lawson would,
have suffered his right arm cut off rather than
betray the people of the South as you have
done.
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE