a national committeeman, charges that he was
told by C. A. Walsh (Hearst’s chief steam
roller operator) that if he went on the com
mittee he would not thereby lose any right
he might want to exercise of supporting Bry
an. As soon as he got to Chicago, Walsh
told him there would be no mention of Bry
an’s name at the convention. Matthew F.
Ryan, of Wilkesbarre, Pa., had a somewhat
similar experience. His sworn record of the
conversation he had with Walsh on reaching
Chicago is as follows:
“Ryan, we do not expect to elect our candi
dates; all we hope to do is to draw enough
votes from the democratic party to insure
the election of the republican ticket.”
I said to him: “Mr. Walsh, I am greatly
surprised at you. I expected to find you an
honest man, but I now believe yon to be a
rogue. I believed that you and the other men
at the head of this party wanted to help
wage earners in getting their rights.”
Clarence Shearn, Mr. Hearst’s New 7 York
lawyer, was the New York member of the
platform and resolutions committee and came
with the platform cut and dried. This did not
suit a few men who had some ideas of their
own, and a dissension arose. At this mo
ment Mr. Hearst appeared on the scene and
finally the matter was shaped up more or less
satisfactorily. When the platform came to be
read before the convention, however, it was
discovered that substitution had been made
in the very first paragraph —that a clever
switching had been done between the time the
platform left the committees’ hands and the
time it was presented to the main body. Mr.
Sheppard says of this:
“When the reading of the platform was
finished and its adoption was moved I stepped
up within a few feet of Mr. Walsh, and, ad
dressing him, asked recognition to make a
statement. He refused to hear me and put
the motion for the adoption of the platform
without waiting for any debate. I told him
at once that Mr. Shearn had stolen out the
first page of our platform declaration on the
way to the convention from our committee
room and had substituted the one I com
plained of. Walsh adjourned the convention
at once w 7 hile I was still asking for recogni
tion.”
By deliberately stealing planks from our
platform and by a dastardly effort to buy out
a few so-called Jeffersonians, Hearst hoped
to gather in enough Populists to give a little
stability and decency to his “dependent”
party. He has not only miserably failed in
this, but has brought upon himself the con
tempt and derision of the fair-minded men
of all parties.. He has played a swindler’s
hand —and he has lost. —Tom Dolan.
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
is a safe place for your boys and girls. The
right ideals are kept constantly before them.
The very spirit of the school is an assurance
to parents who are anxious about their children
while off at school. Find out more about this
feature before making your decision. Write for
full information to
CLAUDE GRAY, President,
LOCUST GROVE, GA.
THE JEFERSONIAN.
20,000 Telegraph Operators Needed
Young Men, Prepare Yourselves for Good Positions
On account of the new 8-hour law passed by congress in the interest of telegra
phers, and also on account of so many new railroads being built and old lines extended,
an unusual demand for operators has been created. Conservative estimates have
placed the number bf additional Operators that will be required during the next ten
months at approximately 20,000.
YOUNG MEN, NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY! Enroll in our School NOW and
in only four to six months we will have you qualified for splendid positions. Telegraph
Operators receive from SSO upwards. Our school has been established twenty years; its
equipment is perfect; instruction thorough and practical; positions positively guaran
teed our graduates. Board in Newnan is very cheap; the town is healthful and the
people are cordial. Two Main Line Railroad Wires run into our School rooms. No
other school in the United States has such up-to-date and practical facilities for the
benefit of its students. Write at once for free descriptive literature.
SOUTHERN SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY, Box 520, Newnan, Ga.
■*
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all conditions arising
from a deranged liver—lndigestion, Biliousness, Con
stipation,. Dyspepsia, Sick Headache, etc.,
made according to the formula of
Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generations have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, therefore,
the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same family.
Its action is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of the simply lexative reme
dies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will thoroughly
convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions of
liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not now have
to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act of
June 30, 1906.
American Cotton College
MILLEDGEVILLE, GA.
For the education of farmers, clerks, merchants, warehousemen, cotton buyers, manu
facturers, and all others, young or old, who are unable to classify and put the correct valua
tion on 18 grades of cotton. Thirty day Scholarships in our sample rooms, or six wetks’
correspondence course, under expert cotton men will complete you. Big demand for cotton
graders and cotton buyers. Session opens S eptember Ist. Correspondence course year
round. Write at once for further particulars.
If you want a safe investment for small
amounts of money, write for full Information
about our ten dollar bonds. They are fully
guaranteed and will pay you seven per cent
interest THOS. E. WATSON,
Themeen, Ga.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
The Texas Realty Journal gives reliable
information on entire state of Texas. Don’t
buy farms or make investments until you read
it. Three months’ subscription 25 cents.
TEXAS REALTY JOURNAL,
Houston, Texas.
PAGE THIRTEEN