PAGE TWELVE
How and Why I Bought the Land
(concluded from page nine)
I asked the depot-agent to lock the treasure
up, in his safe, and he did so. After I had
gone to bed, at the hotel, I got to thinking
of that $4,000. All sorts of ridiculous fears
took hold of me, and shook me about. I
thought to myself, “Suppose burglars break
into the depot tonight! Or suppose there’s a
fire, and the safe comes apart! Or suppose
that agent runs off with that money!”
Well, sir, the thing pestered me so that I
had to get up and dress. Then, after vainly
trying to reason myself out of the folly, I
went to the agent’s house, roused him out of
bed, took him to the depot, drew the $4,000
from the safe, jumped on the midnight train
with it, travelled on by Thomson to Augusta,
and never rested until the Georgia Railroad
Bank had my client’s share of the money,
and the land-debt had mine.
I took possession of the old home previous
to the arrival of the family. They reached
Thomson at night, and walked out. I was
sound asleep, and was awakened by the glad
voices of the returned wanderers. My fath
er's first words expressed his delight at the
growth of the shade trees, which he had
planted when he first brought his bride to live
there. My mother's joy seemed to be greatest
when on the arrival of the early spring days,
the yellow jonquils sprang up, and threw out
their beautiful banners along the squares and
triangles in which she had planted the bulbs,
during the sunny period of the honeymoon.
Whose rights were invaded by me when I
purchased that large slice of cheap, thin
land? There were those who jeered at me,
saying that it was “too poor to sprout cow
peas”. One encouraging critic told me that
the soil of that place would “blister a dog's
foot on a summer’s day”. A neighbor walk
ing over the place with me, remarked, “You
ought to buy my place to manure this one
with.”
How was Society hurt when I bought that
home for my folks? What individual was
harmed ?
Proudhon, one of the founders of Social
ism. declares that “J7Z property is theft”.
From whom did I steal?
Whose opportunities in life were lessened
by my purchase of a home? In what way
was it made more difficult for some other am
bitious, energetic youth to do likewise?
Tn this same county, an industrious boy
can do. now, substantially as I did, —some of
them have done it, and others are doing it.
As to the supply of land, it is practically
inexhaustible. The Government has hun
dreds of millions of acres, awaiting the ac
tual settler. The states have enormous quan
tities. The desert areas of the West are be
ing redeemed by irrigation. The Everglades
of Florida are being dredged. Texas, alone,
could give homes to millions of city-unem
ployed.
don't the Socialists do something to
connect the job-less man with the man-less
job?
They never do a single thing in that direc
tion. They spend millions of dollars every
year circulating incendiary literature and
oratory among the unemployed, when the
same money, spent on transportation and the
operation of a Bureau of Information, would
give every idle man a chance to work.
There is land enough and work enough, for
every bread-winner and home-seeker in Amer
ica J BUT EVERYBODY CANNOT LIVE
AND WORK IN THE SAME PLACE.
Labor is congested, just as wealth is. What
we need is, a better distribution of both.
The disciples of Proudhon, avoiding the
word “Communism”, which Carl Marx ap
plied to his corner-stone “Manifesto”, sub
stitute “Collectivism”, —a term which reminds
nobody of the blind, indiscriminate and de
structive fury of the French Socialists, dur
ing the Paris “Commune”. But the Social-
Clje Jeffersonian
ists of today are nursing their wrath against
land-owners. In their sight, we are crimi
nals. They seem to believe that we are keep
ing something that is not ours, but theirs.
And Socialist agitators point to the buildings
in cities, and vehemently, ferociously yell out
—“Those houses are yours. Go and take
them.”
I heard a Socialist orator say that very
thing to a large, applauding crowd, in Kan
sas City, Missouri. The men who cheered this
incendiary, go-and-take speech, were white
men.
Can you imagine anything more terrible
than a combination between this large ele
ment of the cities, and' the negroes of Missis
sippi, Louisiana, Alabama, and South Caro
lina ?
Combine the negro, the foreign immigrant,
arid the desperate “Have Nots”, of the cities, —
and we would see the bloodiest convulsion the
world ever knew. They would not wait for
legal, peaceable methods to accomplish this
purpose. They would resort to the bomb, the
torch, the armed insurrection in which Christ
ianity and civilization would be lost.
S X ®]
. Ask Your Congressman *
The accommodating Representative for
whom you have been voting, and who has
been gladdening your heart with garden seed,
and copies of speeches which read so much
better than the record of his votes, —is in
your midst again, isn’t he?
That cordial smile and glad-hand are mak
ing the rounds of the district once more, are
they not?
Let me make a suggestion. Ask your Con
gressman a few questions. Try to find out
what he did for you, in Washington.
(1.) Ask him if he is one of the gentle
men who voted themselves an increase in sal
ary,—an increase of $2,500. per year. If he
says “Yes”, and defends his action, inquire
his reasons for slipping the Salary Grab
through Congress without a record vote. If
the grab was right, why was he unwilling for
his name to go on record that way ?
(2.) Ask him whether he is one of the
Democratic deserters who went over to the
Republicans, in the organization of the
House. If he says “Yes”, vote against him,
no matter what else he says.
(3.) Ask him if he voted with the Lumber
Trust, and against free 1 umber.
(4.) Ask him what he has done to put an
end to the Treasury policy, which keeps so
much of your money in the national banks,
that pay no interest for the use of it.
(5.) Ask him what he has done to give to
white men and women, youths and maidens,
the offices held by the negroes of Washington
City,—offices which pour more than five mil
lion dollars of your money into the pockets of
those pampered Washington negroes, every
year.
(G.) Ask whether he was asleep, or what,
when Senator Lodge, of Boston, slipped a
clause into the Panama bill requiring the
Government to pay a million dollars of your
money for two old, drydocked vessels, belong
ing to a Boston firm that was hard up for
cash.
Please ask your smiling, hand-shaking M.
C. what was he doing, to allow a disgraceful
thing like that to pass him.
(There are some other questions which will
be suggested later. These are sufficient to get
you started, and to run your Congressman’s
excuse-mill for awhile.)
®] IS ®
Produce It, Dr. Corey
Rev. Steven J. Corey has published a long
letter in the Dublin (Ga.) C ourier-Dispatch,
in which he says that the President of the
Foreign Missionary Society, A. McLean, took
me up on the subject of Foreign Missions,
and confuted me point by point on the facts
as stated by me, and that I refused to publish
this reply. Mr. Corey further says that my
charges “are as flimsy as they are false”, and
that I wish my readers “to see one side only”.
This is not true, and the readers of The
Jeffersonian know it. They have seen me
give space to all sorts of opponents. Even
the man who accused me of robbing the
widow and the orphan, was allowed all the
room he wanted. Socialists use the paper,
constantly, to state their side; and I departed
from magazine usages to give space, in The
Jeffersonian monthly, to the best of the de
fences of prevailing methods in mission work.
We published “the other side”, in the mat
ter of the State Sanitarium; and we let va
rious correspondents knock the editor about
things which they don’t like.
Our readers will recall several letters which
have been published in the weekly, defending
the foreign missionaries; and will remember
that in my answers to outside attacks, I in
variably state what the other man said, before
making the reply. In this way, both sides
are held up to our readers, and they can com
pare the two.
What hurts Bro. Corey is that the com
parison is not to the advantage of big-salary
missionaries, who are personally interested in
keeping up the present un-apostolic system.
But while I am liberal enough to print “the
other side”, on the Mission matter, the de
nominational papers are not. The Christian
Index refused to publish the brief and point
ed letter of Miss Leonora Sheppard, setting
me right, although it had been allowing Dr.
Burrows and Dr. Vaughn, and various others,
to use whatever amount of space they needed
to bolster up the system which hires a heathen
to wear the name of Christ.
You'd have a high old time getting Dr.
Lovett to print “the other side” in The IJY.'?-
leyan Christian Advocate, wouldn’t you?
Try it, and see.
There’s Wot Id-Wide Missions and the
JIV/ftcm’s Missionary Advocate, and The Ad
vocate, of Nashville, and the dear little old
shrieker, Go Forward, of the same place:—
try them, oh, do try them! and ascertain
how ravenously hungry they are to print “the
other side’’.
Dr. Corey says that President A. McLean
refuted me “point by point’’, and intimates
that I was afraid to let my readers see the
McLean refutation. Bosh and beeswax! Mc-
Lean’s article was so dull, so prosy, so com
monplace, so stereotyped, that I did not con
sider it worthy of publication. He did no
more that repeat the worn-out generalities
that everybody has heard. He did not dis
prove a single fact stated by me.
But I won't ask you to take my word in
preference to that of Dr. Corey. There’s just
one completely satisfactory way to prove who
is telling the truth, Dr. Corey or myself.
The issue is this, —
He says that McLean confuted me “point
by point": I say that he did not.
The proof of the pudding is, J/cZA\LV\S'
Let them mail it to me, without alteration
of any kind, and it will be published in The
Jeffersonian without a single change.
Then, our readers can judge for themselves
whether I declined it for the reasons given
by me to President McLean, —or whether I
was afraid to publish it, because it refuted
me “point by point”, as Dr. Corey so posi
tively and offensively asserts.
Now, Gentlemen of the Board, face the
music: send me that splendid refutation
which I dared not print.
PLEASE send it,— QUICKLY.
ls rs
The Farmers 9 Union in Politics
The very first leap that the Farmers'
Union made in politics landed our Texas
friends in the lap of the Steel Trust and the
transcontinental railroads.