PAGE SIX
EARNERS’ UNION DEPARTMENT
A SCHEME THWARTED.
We regret that the facts make it necessary
for us to publish things that may not sound
well for some of the members of our organi
zation. We have always believed that it was
best to fight out all our battles behind closed
doors, and we believe so yet, however we are
sure that it is best to call the attention of
our members to the fact that an attempt is
being made to disrupt our organization.
Our first notice of an attempt to disrupt the
Farmers’ Union was the following statement
in the Farmers’ Guide of Alabama, of March
11. The clipping follows:
“Now Show Your Nerve!
“Members of the Farmers’ Union and read
ers of the Guide, you see the influence at work
in your behalf. With us, side by side, The
Cotton Journal will fight until victory is ours.
The Cotton Association and the Farmers’
Union combined are invincible in the cotton
growing states. We have all the weapons and
ammunition necessary to win the battle, for
the battle royal it will be.
“What we publish today is merely an eye
opener, declaration of principles and state
ments of fact. That which will follow will
show support enough to win any fight any
where, any time.
“Sit tight and follow our advice and for
once, at least, you will get your just dues.
Don’t borrow if you can help it and don t sell
for less than fifteen cents.”
From this it was evident that some kind of
a deal had been made, but just what it was,
we were not able to say, but began an investi
gation and learned of a meeting in Jackson,
Mississippi. Some officials of the Farmers’
Union, who were known to be opposed to any
mix-up with AVall Street or her allies in the
East or the South, were not invited, and some
of those who were invited refused to attend,
but some five or six members of the Fanners’
Union did attend, and at this meeting there
were a few members of the Jordan-Hadley
Wall Street Annex, and the plans for carry
ing out a scheme which would have destroyed
the usefulness of the Farmers’ Union were
laid, and at a meeting in Little Rock on April
2, the deliberate attempt was made to get the
Presidents of the different States, who met on
that day, to endorse the plan which meant the
ruin of the Farmers’ Union, and but for the
faithful few, some of whom came at the re
quest of the Farmers’ Union News, the
scheme would have gone through, and the
power and influence of the Farmers’ Union
would have been seriously crippled, if not de
stroyed.
The advocates of what we consider the most
hellish scheme that has ever been attempted to
be imposed upon the Farmers’ Union, were
determined, and for nearly two days they
fought, they pleaded, they maneuvered, they
made motions in an attempt to put this
scheme through, and if it had not been for
Neill of Texas, West of Oklahoma, Harris of
South Carolina, and Duckworth of Georgia,
with Podenhamer of Georgia, and Culberson
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
of Louisiana to assist, the Fanners’ Union
would have been covered so deep in infamy
and disgrace, that it would have been impos
sible for her to have risen to that power and
strength which she now has.
The Farmers’ Union of Georgia, through its
officials, and the columns of the News, has
been notifying the members of the Organiza
tion throughout the South that the time
would come when the speculative interests
would deliberately plan a scheme by which
they would expect to disrupt and destroy the
Organization. The membership have been
told from time to time that they need not fear
the speculators, so long as they were unable
to get members of the organization to use as
tools, but it appears that they have succeeded.
The indications are that one of the Farmers’
Union papers has been led into the snare.
It also seems that they have succeeded in
leading some of the officials of the Farmers’
Union into the snare, and it is enough ‘to
make the blood boil in the veins of every true
union man in the South. Wake up, my broth
er, you that are members of the local union;
you, who are patiently laboring to build this
great organization, wake up! The attempt has
already been made. It no doubt will be re
newed again on the fourth of June at the
President’s Council, which meets in Memphis
on that day, and if we succeed in fighting
them down, then it will be renewed again at
the Annual Convention on the first Tuesday
in September. The question is up to you.
Will you send a delegation instructed to re
fuse to line up with anybody or any interests
other than that of the Farmers’ Union, or
will you send delegates that will open wide
the arms of the organization, and take into
its embrace the scheming scoundrels, who
would come to us with a kiss, and while deliv
ering it, drive a dagger to the heart of our
organization.
My brother, remember what we have been
telling you all the time, that the plan would
be to destroy all officers of the organization
that they cannot persuade, bluff or buy, and
the News believes that she would be unworthy
of the confidence of her readers in the ranks
of the organization, if she did not sound this
note of warning.
To all members, we desire to say that the
facts are in our possession, and we may go
more into detail later. —Union News.
SHALL COTTON PROVE ANOTHER
“LOST CAUSE?”
No people on earth ever fought harder or
more self sacrificingly for a political principle
than the people of the South from 1860 to
1865.
Strange is it not that hardly any people on
earth but that will make more sacrifices and
fight harder for an economic principle than
this same people of the South? Even the
cold blooded New Englander, the Ohio wool
grower, the hard handed miner of the West
will fight longer and harder for any interest,
be it manufacturing, lyool growing or silver,
by which his section earns its bread and
butter than the South will for cotton. A few
years ago on a memorable occasion in New
Orleans, it did look as if the South was
thoroughly aroused and to a man was going
to support the value of cotton.
Today it is evident to the most casual ob
server that the South is not supporting either
the value of cotton or the cotton planters
themselves in their magnificent and heroic
struggle to realize such a fair price for their
cotton as this year’s reduced crop would
justify. The meeting of the Southern Cotton
Association this year at Dallas as compared
with the grand meeting at New Orleans a few
years ago was almost farcical, in its lack of
enthusiasm, lack of harmony and lack of tan
gible results.
Cotton is daily declining, the Southern peo
ple as a rule are indifferent and many secretly
glad that “these cocky planters” are getting
it in the neck.
Conversation on our Exchanges by Southern
men, letters to the press, the action of some
of the bankers all show a marked change of
sentiment and lack of sympathy with any
fair or just value for cotton this season. In
some quarters, even, loyalty to King Cotton
has been forgotten in hatred of the cotton
planter.
Unless this condition of affairs changes and
changes speedily instead of the magnificent
victory which is almost within our grasp we
shall see cotton for the season of 1907-8 and
perhaps for many succeeding season’s if not
forever, set down among our “lost causes.”
It matters not how this condition of affairs
has been brought about, it matters not if the
planters were wrong in fixing a price as high
as fifteen cents for cotton, it matters not
whether one or other of the cotton associa
tions has been badly conducted, it matters
not if the attack of the planters and the
Southern State legislatures on futures and the
cotton exchanges is unwise, it matters not
in short if the cotton planters should need
a lesson they will never forget, the South
cannot afford to see the cotton planters beaten
in a fight for the value of this crop. What
ever the planters may have done that is wrong
or unwise we of the South must differentiate
between the planters and the staple. We
cannot afford to see cotton go down to a low
level of value. We cannot afford to see all
confidence in holding movements destroyed.
We cannot afford to see cotton go down again
to five cents a pound.
The situation is far more critical than our
people imagine. We cannot in our staple
bring on a panic, as Rockefeller and Morgan
are charged with having don 3 in the stock
market for some temporary purpose ond then,
that purpose accomplished in part, get the
government to come to our aid and stop the
panic.
I do not hesitate to affirm that our planters
have much to learn of the true economic
principles involved in the marketing of their
(Continued on Page Fourteen.)