PAGE FOURTEEN
and freight from that port across the Atlan
tic Ocean to England.
Just across the border in Canada beef is
selling for from fifty to seventy-five per cent,
less than it is selling in Chicago and New
York, and the Canadian butcher is making a
legitimate profit.
But the reasonable price of meat in Canada
or in Mexico does not help us any, for our
tariff wall is so high that the Canadian or
Mexican steer can not climb it.
We are losing time and starving ourselves
when we try to whip the Beef Trust by boy
cotting meat. The only way to win the fight
is to tear down the tariff wall and let meat
from other countries compete with that raised
in this country.
The Ballinger-Pinchot inevstigation is
still before Congress, and it loobs as if Bal
linger, Taft & Co. were coming out at the
little end of the horn.
In spite of all that Senator Nelson, and
others of the “non-partisan” committee, can
do to aid Ballinger, the Pinchot side is mak
ing out a strong case. In fact, the case is
so strong that Mr. Taft has held a hurried
conference with his pet, Ballinger, and here
after Ballinger will be represented by a law
yer, though it was positively stated at the be
ginning that Ballinger would not have any
counsel to represent him.
There is no question about our having been
robbed of millions of dollars worth of our
richest mineral and timber lands, and we hope
that Pinchot will be able to fully expose the
thieves and those officials who have aided
them.
# ❖ * *
The plan of President Taft and Secretary
Knox to “neutralize” the Manchurian Rail
ways has fallen through. Japan has given
her note to Ambassador O’Brien, and, while
it is a very polite note, it is a very positive
declination.
Since the plan has fallen through, we are
allowed a few more of the facts than first ap
peared on the surface, and they make very
interesting reading.
When President Taft announced the pro
posed plan a few weeks ago, we were made to
believe that Mr. Taft had the welfare of man
kind at heart and wanted to see all trouble
and strife in far away Manchuria brought to
an end. In fact, if he could have changed the
shape of his anatomy you would have mis
taken him for the dove of peace.
But listen, for here is what was really on
foot: J. P. Morgan and his agents saw what a
valuable piece of property the Manchurian
Railways were sure to become, and they want
ed to get control of them. Morgan knew that
he could not buy control of them in the open
market, and he knew that the Japanese Gov
ernment would not step aside if it was known
that he had a hand in the deal.
This being the case, there was only one way
left to carry out the Morgan plan, and that
was by trickery. No individual had enough
influence to put through such a deal, but per
haps a powerful government could make
it go.
Morgan knew what influence he could bring
Notice, Farmers’ Union Men!
All members of the Farmers’ Educational and Co-Operative Union of Geor
gia, who are opposed to the present management in Georgia, and wish to
see things put right at the next State Convention, please communicate
with me. I can put you on to something.
J. GORDON SIMPSON, Quitman, Ga.
3erfersonum
to bear at Washington, and to Washington
he went.
Soon after his visit to the President the
Taft-Knox plan for “neutralization” was an
nounced, and the American Ambassador to
Japan was put to work to make Morgan’s
scheme a success. But the wily Jap was on
his guard, and for once Morgan could not
have his way.
❖ ❖ ❖ *
But there is another side of the proposed
deal to look at, and we look at it with alarm.
That an individual in a Republic should
have enough influence to make the President
his agent in a dishonest deal, means that that
man is more powerful than the President. It
means that he is really the head of the Gov
ernment, and that whatever he says must be
done by Government officials, to further his
private interests, will be done.
Already Morgan is the Money King of the
United States, and his power is becoming
more Czar-like every day.
With the banking interests, the railroad in
terests and the shipping interests now under
his control he is the most powerful individ
ual in the world, and still we sit by and see
that power grow from day to day without
making any effort to check it.
Where it will end and when it will end, no
one knows. But it will not end as long as we
allow ourselves to be governed under the pres
ent system.
❖ ❖ * *
A few days ago a rather remarkable state
ment was made by Clarence Mackay, the
young New York millionaire who is the head
of the Postal Telegraph Company.
When giving testimnoy concerning the af
fairs of his company he stated that it "was
independent, and that it needed and wanted
competition.
This is a policy very different from that of
the other big corporations, but Mr. Mackay’s
reason for advocating it will appear to most
people as very wise for his and other corpora
tions to follow.
Said he, in effect, “Unless we are indepen
dent and have competition, the people will
soon grow tired of the corporations controll
ing them and will demand government own
ership of Public Utilities.”
Although young, as a business man, Mr.
Mackay seems to have a much better idea as
to what may happen in the future than many
of his older Trust brethren, and he is pur
suing a much wiser course.
What is true of telegraph companies is also
true of telephone companies, railroad com
panies and all corporations of a Public na
ture. It would be wise for the heads of all
such corporations to stop their money grab
bing long enough to consider what it will
finally lead to, just as Mr. Mackay has done.
s|e # *
So some of the railroads are making a fight
because the Georgia State Railroad Commis
sion thinks of making a rule that will require
the railroads to report each accident, the kind
of accident and the number of people killed
and injured.
You do not see how this could hurt the rail
roads, but they don’t want it done, and their
reasons are several.
In the first place when the accident was due
to carelessness the report would have to so
show. If it was due to improper equipment
the fact would become known, and the rail
road might have to pay out money to make
its equipment what the law requires.
When people were killed or injured, there
would be no hiding the fact, and the railroads
would have to tell about the butcheries they
committed.
With such a rule in force, the railroads
could no longer follow their rule of keeping
everything about a wreck secret, not even the
number of passengers or employees killed or
injured.
They might continue to burn the wreckage
so as to destroy all signs, and they might con
tinue to make every employee keep his mouth
shut about the accident, but they could not
keep the public from knowing the facts.
And such facts the railroads don’t care to
have the public know.
* Sfe ❖ *
We note with pleasure what seems to be a
movement among the farmers to agitate a
Parcels-Post.
Many of the leading agricultural papers
are taking it up and urging their readers to
vote for Congressmen who will promise them
to support such a bill, and asking them to
make all candidates for Congress declare
themselves on the question.
This is a good way to get a Parcels-Post,
and once the people are made to see what
benefit it will be to them, they will no more
do without it than they will without the pres
ent R. F. D.
But in voting for Congressmen who prom
ise to support the Parcels-Post the farmers
must keep their eyes open and see that the
goods are delivered, for some men have a
great way of changing their minds after
reaching Washington and becoming acquaint
ed with the wily agents of the Trusts, —such
as the agents of the express companies, who
want the Parcels-Post about as much as the
Steel Trust wants Free Trade.
With the Parcels-Post in effect, the express
companies will lose thousands, and the Postal
Department will make millions. Where we
now have a postal deficit of millions, which
is charged up to the R. F. D., we will have
a surplus of millions.
* * * *
J. P. Morgan has been buying up the farm
ers’ telephone lines in different sections of
the country, and it has caused much specu
lation as to what Morgan wants with these
rural telephone companies.
The answer is easy. The lines are now pay
ing a and the profit is increasing
from year to year. By buying now, he can
get control of these different properties at a
low price, and it will not be long before he
has enough of them under his control to
merge them into a big Trust and thus make
another step forward toward controlling all
of the public utilities of the country.