original knowledge. This last may be policy,
since politically to be original is to be in peril
of one’s self. Mr. Bryan is conventional.
Moreover, as I have shown, he is meek to an
environment, and makes what haste he may
to match in color his surroundings. If he had
lived in Wall Street he would have been for
gold. He has no heats, no quick acridities of
temper. Attack him; he replies, he does not
retort. He is equal and even and rippleless,
like a duck pond.
Would Not Sacrifice Himself for a Principle.
There be folk who for some sluggishness of
nerves, or dull puttyness of temperament, are
never angry. I should say that Mr. Bryan
is of these. There be folk who never use
whiskey or tobacco; they give way to no pro
fanities and go as free of vices as a horse —
and for a horse reason. I.should say that Mr.
Bryan is of these. He is money-honest. A
million dollars would not buy his vote in a
Congress, his veto in a White House. But he
would permit a wish for office to control his
vote or his veto against what he believed tn be
right. One fault is as bad as the other, from
the public’s point of view. It should make
no difference to the public, when its interest
is bartered away, whether he who barters it
sells out to a trust or sells out to himself.
Mr. Bryan would not sacrifice himself for
a principle. He is like that Vicar of Bray
who was either Catholic or Protestant, as the
religion of the English throne went one way
or the other. Being taunted for a turncoat, he
said: “No, sir! From first to last I’ve ad
hered to my one grand principle, that of living
and dying the Vicar of Bray.’'
Mr. Bryan has persistently courted office.
And there was ever a tincture of the hypo
crite in the methods he adopted. When the
House at the close of a Congress was driven
to a Sunday session, Mr. Bryan at one o’clock
repaired to the Congregational Church, and
lectured on the “Divinity of Christ.” Then
he went earnestly to the press gallery: he
would have his surpassing piety known, since
he is a light that abhors a bushel.
When Mr. Bryan entered the Chicago con
vention of 1896, he was pledged to the sup
port of Mr. Bland. Still, he should not be
blamed for that the bolt struck him instead.
It was not Mr. Bryan who got the nomina
tion; the nomination got him. It was one of
your popular’ explosions that seldom work a
good. Mr. Bryan made a speech of fluency
and spirit. It was that which selected him;
the convention was a magazine, and that ora
tion touched it off.
Have you ever read that “lightning-darting
speech” of Mr. Bryan’s? If you, have not,
get it. You will be amazed at its fustian char
acter of commonplace. It should teach you
that eloquence is of the audience, not the ora-
to
■ * M B We Save you from S2O 00 to $40.00 on a Buggy and Guarantee every vehicle for Twelve Months. ■
■ wrr JVST 43
■ Est GOOD Alt Send AT ONGE for our Complete New Catalog—lt fully describe* and faithfully picture* our many beautiful '‘South* gg.
■ —4 E| 'AMT *6O . era Style Vehicles" from $25 00 up. The Best Built. Best Finished and Lowest Priced High-class Buggies on the market
I xWl\yvWl\y IrSJ MALSBY. SHIPP <& CO.. Dept. F 41 S. Forsyth Street. Atlanta, Ca.
ll • ■". ■— #
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
tor. Enter some blacksmith shop. Take a
bar of cold iron and lay it across the anvil.
Seize hammer and smite it with what force
you will. our reward is clangorous uproar.
Heat the bar white hot. Throw it across the
anvil, and with the self-same hammer strike
the sell-same blow. The shop blazes with a
starry, shower that laces the dark interior like
a swarm of fire-flies. The bar of iron is the
audience, the hammer is the speech. Mr. Bry
an found the bar white hot. He laid it across
the anvil of oeasion, and with his hammer of
oratory beat it'into what*we know.
In seeking the Denver nomination, Mr. Bry
an is not thinking of your good, But of his
own. He is not so generous as to go thinking
of any save himsClf —vide that incident of the
Connecticut widow and those $50,000 which
Mr. Bryan did not get. You may comb the
country from Eastport to San Diego, from
Vancouver to the Florida Keys, yet shall you
not comb forth that one whom Mr. Bryan has
Patented Tension Spring
Ever - Sharp Shears Free
a m Jk Dear to the heart of every •woman —a pair of shears that are always sharp.
e £ • flfl Every user of shears knows how aggravating it is to have shears or
o SS’ /ffi jO scissors that don’t cut slick and clean. Every woman also knows that to
">■ ® e Eh have scissors sharpened by the average scissors grinder means more disap-
5 H W pointment, as he usually ruins them. These aggravations may all be avoided
S . ° |w if by adopting the patented tension spring Ever-Sharp Shears.
»® § || I These shears are equipped with a simple attachment that keeps them
| « wl 1 always sharp and enables the user to cut anything from wet tissue paper
a to the heaviest cloth. The tension spring attachment does away with
E * I ie resharpening entirely. The tension on the rivet can be set so that
« = * fl I any kind of materia l intended to be cut with shears may be cut with per-
fl I feet ease, without tiring the hand. The tension spring takes up all the wear
on the rivet, making the Shears practically indestructible, with no wear-out
g K! 1 to them. A simple turn of the little thumb-screw tightens up the blades
f-'ix S|| as , closely as may be desired. Any woman w’ho has had the exasperating
1 experience of trying to use a dull pair of shears can readily appreciate
of the new invention, which keeps this pair of Shears always
hWjFs IM sharp, and in perfect cutting condition. No matter how many pairs of
HOM shears, or scissors you may have around the house, you need this pair
gjgfnl iRw witk i ke tension spring, and when you use it once you will use it in pref-
erence to any other you may have.
JWitol The illustration is 4 inches long, but the Shears we offer are
19 8 INCHES IN LENGTH
fl They are made from the best carbon steel which insures strength and
K Ij a keen cutting edge. The manufacturers guarantee the quality of material
Uli Hlflr and workmanship in every pair and back up their guarantee with acer-
B 1 !' 191 !■ ti^cate with each pair, agreeing “If this pair of shears breaks or in any
O I|g| lf| way becomes defective within five years from date of purchase, it will be
W IlSk. /S replaced with a new pair without further cost.’’
Jjr Ws Remember,the patent tension device does away with the need of re-
sharpening and doubles the usefulness of the Shears.
How to Get a Pair Free
Send 50c for a year’s subscription to UP-TO-DATE FARMING and we will send free and
post-paid a pair of Shears or a pair of scissors as desired. UP-TO-DATE FARMING is pub
lished twice a month, 24 numbers in the year. It contains 20 to 32 large four column pages.
Published for everybody on the farm. Excellent departments. Special attention given to
getting profitable prices for all farm products. You need the paper and Shears. This is an
exceptional offer and every farm home should take advantage of It. Send your order today.
UP-TO-DATE FARMING, 229 W. Wash. St., Indianapolis, Ind.
aided or dreamed of aiding at cost to himself.
Politically he is essentially the peasant, close
fisted and niggardly, and every dollar of par
ty capital he possesses he saves jealously for
Mr. Bryan.
No, I do not feel sympathy for your democ
racy, now heading for the rocks. It could
save itself, but it won’t. It has become a
party of negation, of opposition, of things
past.. It proposes nothing, proffers nothing,
points to nothing. It never wants to go any
where but back. Ever a day behind the fair,
it is the prophet of yesterday. Old Ben But
ler had it right when he said: • “The Demo
cratic party is like a man riding backward in
a carriage: it nevpr sees a thing until it’s by.”
“Why is it,” asks the Detroit Free Press,
“that the price of beef always goes up when
the fish aren’t biting?” For the very same
reason that it stays up when the fish are bit
ing.—Washington Post.
PAGE THIRTEEN