PAGE EIGHT
THE JEFFERSONIAN
PUBLISHED BY
7HOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
Editor/ and Proprietor/
Temple Court Building, Atlanta, Ga.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE: - SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application.
ftnttnd at Puttftt, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, IQQ7, at ttcnd
tlatt mall matttr
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, June 11, 1908
Aftermath of the Gubernatorial
Campaign.
It is one of the good things about hu
man nature that when a big man jumps
on a little one we naturally 1 sympathize
with the latter.
Knowing this, Governor Smith would
have been adopting the very best policy
had he been studiously respectful in
every reference he made to “Little Joe.”
To jump on him with such terrific vio
lence, and to use terms which were un
derstood to be used in ridicule of his
personal appearance, was one of the Gov
ernor’s worst mistakes. The court house
habit of denouncing the opposition will
not do on the stump. The reaction in
favor of the subject of the abuse is al
ways in direct ratio to its violence.
*
The imprudence of the Governor in
adopting invective as his principal wea*
pon was all the more glaring since his
removal of Little Joe from the Railroad
Commission was itself an act of violence
which some of the Governor's strongest
supporters disapproved. The situation was
doubly delicate, requiring the nicest hand
ling, because of the fact that the Gov
ernor has never yet given a plain, clear
and consistent statement of his reasons for
disgracing Joe Brown, by a summary re
moval, while Obadiah Stevens was left
undisturbed.
st
We honestly believe that the Governor
beat himself,
(1) sticking to those new rules,
when he could easily have had his Com
mittee rescind them,
(2) By taking the stump, instead of
remaining at his office, attending to its
duties,
(3) By setting the example of abusing
the opposition—which example his man
agers and speakers generally followed.
To publicly denounce such a man as F.
L. Seeley as “a sneaking hypocrite” was
an indulgence of bad temper and a dis
play of wretched judgment. By yielding
such free rein to his natural inclination
for fierce invective, the Governor gave
implied encouragement to the authors of
the Brooks County Circular and the
Foster pamphlet—both of which produc
tions cost the Governor some votes.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
(4) By making such strenuous efforts
to carry Cobb County, the apparent pur
pose being to humiliate “Little Joe” in his
home. It would have had a splendid ef
fect on public opinion throughout the
state had the Governor magnanimously
stated that he would not contest his op
ponent’s home county at all.
(5) By using ill-considered statements
in his speeches —such as that the “negroes
were being urged to go to the polls on
June 4th to tell the white people how to
vote.” The Atlanta Journal reported the
Governor as holding forth in that style
at Cedartown, and. we must assume that
the report was correct.
*
As to the various speakers who took
the field it is hard to say which of them
added to their reputation. Judge Hines
made a strong argument, as he always
does; Seab Wright was brilliant and elo
quent —as it is natural for him to be.
Charley Moses was himself again, we are
glad to say, and we hope that he will re
main on the stage where he appears to
such advantage. Big-hearted Frank Saf
fold, of Emanuel, did fine work in his sec
tion of the state, and we shouldn’t won
der if Frank gave Judge Ben Rawlins the
run of his life next time.
Judge H. D. D. Twiggs, of Savannah,
made the most magnificent speeches that
were heard on the Joe Brown side —he
being by all odds the greatest orator of
the campaign.
If we were asked to put a finger on the
secrets of Joe Brown’s phenomenal suc
cess, we should first of all mention the
perfect propriety of his own conduct,
throughout the campaign, and the excel
lent quality and temper of the written
statements put forth by him from time
to time. Next in importance was the
splendid local committees which sprang
up in all parts of the state, and which
worked their immediate communities as
though the fate of the whole campaign
depended upon that locality. We have
never seen so much zeal, so much un
selfishness, so much energetic and syste
matic work done by local committees as
was done in this remarkable race.
We say this without the slightest in
clination to disparage Mr. J. R. Smith.
That gentleman did fine work, and when
we consider how short a time the early
primary gave him, and that he had to
commence without so much as a mailing
list covering the state, the marvel of the
result grows.
The scurrilous Foster pamphlet, a 16-
page affair, appeared simultaneously, and
in great numbers, in all parts of the state.
This would seem to indicate that Foster
had the use of a mailing list which cov
ered the state. Where did a country
‘School teacher get such a mailing list?
We readily accept Governor Smith’s re
pudiation of the libelous pamphlet, but
we have no doubt that Foster was the
paid tool of some one acting for his Cam
paign Committee.
Indeed, vague rumors of a terrible at
tack which was to be made on Mr. Wat
son, at the close of the campaign, had
reached him from several sources, and,
therefore, it would seem that the Foster
pamphlet was “in the air.”
It cost the Governor many a vote, and
if Foster feels good over the way. in
which both sides have denounced him,
he is an easy man to please.
it
Some of our good Populist friends hon
estly believed that we were undoing the
reform work that had already been done.
Not so. When the Governor made bis
speech at Mcßae, in November, 1907, and
declared that he had no adverse criti
cism to place upon the legislature which
had defeated so many of our reform meas
ures, it was evident that reform work
was a thing of the past. Something else
was on foot. Senatorial aspirations, new
rules to deprive country counties of their
constitutional share of power and to give
one man the right to name all the dele
gates that represent all the counties, a
perpetuation of the early primary which
gives so much advantage to the Ins, and
which compels the people to re-elect, or
cast out, members of the legislature whose
record of service is still incomplete—
these were the plans which followed the
Mcßae speech.
We never rendered the people better
service than we did in helping to defeat
those new rules. It is idle to talk of
what South Carolina does, or what Flor
ida does. With us the question is not
open to debate. Our Constitution pre
scribes the division of political power in
Georgia, and until the people declare that
they want the system changed, the poli
ticians ought to let it alone.
That question was not discussed in the
campaign of 1906, and Floke Smith had
no authority from his supporters through
out the state to put that new rule upon
us. Apparently, it was a part of the
scheme and purpose “to bury Watson,”
whose strength lies chiefly in the country
counties.
*
It is not likely that so recent a con
vert as Hoke Smith loves the principles
of Populism better than we do. Bless
your life 1 we were doing the drudge work
of the man who gets the roots and
stumps out of a “new-ground” and pre
pares the soil for the seed, when Hoke,
duly endorsed by Bishop Turner and
others, was in the clover field of Cleve
land’s second administration. If reform
principles are never set back until the
Jeffersonian does the job, they will never
lose an inch of ground.
If we did not understand the situation
better than the average Populist, we
would not be fit to edit this paper.
In due time, those of our good friends
who differed from us in this campaign
will realize that we acted for the best.
Those who got mad with the old man
because he couldn’t go for Hoke again,