PAGE EIGHT
3effersoniait
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., JANUARY 14, 1909.
Judicial Usurpers Called Dolvn.
In the “Eighty-cent-gas” case, which went to
the United States Supreme Court from New
York, a decision has been rendered which will
forever put an end to some of the outrageous
usurpations of power by Federal Judges.
In that case, the Consolidated Gas Company
contended that an Act of the Legislature was
confiscatory of the property of the corporation,
for the reason that if it were put into effect,
the corporation would not be able to earn divi
dends.
In passing upon such pleas, as was made in
this instance, judges have undertaken to act
as prophets. Men of sound common sense are
perfectly aware of the fact that human wisdom
is incapable of foretelling what will be the con
sequence of any given law.
For instance, the reduction of passenger
fares from three cents to two cents may, in a
thickly settled state, be a positive benefit to a
railroad instead of an injury. Whether or not
any given act of the Legislature will prevent a
corporation from earning reasonable dividends,
must always depend upon various contingen
cies whose influence no judge can accurately
estimate. Therefore, a decision against the
state, and in favor of the corporation, setting
aside the law because it will do so and so, is a
mere conjecture.
Yet, Federal Judges of the stamp of Pritch
ard and Jones have been holding up state gov
ernments, paralyzing the movement of state
authorities, cancelling* the legitimate acts of
sovereign states, upon the mere surmise that
laws reducing passenger rate would confiscate
the property of the corporations.
Henceforth, the occupation of such judicial
Othellos will be gone. The Supreme Court
unanimously holds that the judges must quit
their guess-work, and allow a fair trial of these
statutes, in order that it may be demonstrated
by actual experiment whether or not any given
law is confiscatory.
The readers of the Jeffersonian do not need
to be reminded that for two years, we have
strenuously contended for the very thing which
the highest tribunal in the land has at length
declared to be right.
If ever in cases of this kind a state is repre
sented by lawyers of robust proportions, the
Supreme Court will go a step further and
knock the life out of these absurd “confiscato
ry” pleas. The law which declares that no man
shall be deprived of his property without due
process of law, means no more than it says.
The historical origin of the law was the deter
mination of our ancestors to put a stop to the
arbitrary taking away from them of their prop
erty by their feudal lords. The question of
profits did not enter into the matter at all. Any
legislative act which deprives the citizen of a
chance to earn a reasonable profit on his in
vestment is an unjust law, and ought not to
be allowed to stand, but such a law is not on
that account unconstitutional, —for the simple
reason that it does not confiscate the property
itself. . . 11 •
Our tariff system makes it practically impos
sible for the farmers, as a class, to earn net
TJaffersonlan
profits on their investment, but the tariff laws
are not, for that reason, unconstitutional.
Any lawyer of decided ability should be able
to make the Supreme Court see that if the
usual pleas of confiscation, as put forth by cor
poration counsel, are to be sustained in any
case, a reduction of tariff duties can’t be made.
IF THE PRINCIPLE OF CONFISCATION
APPLIES TO PROFITS, NEITHER THE
STATE NOR THE FEDERAL GOVERN
MENT CAN PASS ANY LAW WHICH RE
DUCES PROFITS. A reduction of profits
is a confiscation of a part of those profits; and
if it be illegal to confiscate all of the profits, as
these corporation lawyers contend, it is equally
illegal to confiscate any part of the profits,—it
being just as unlawful to confiscate a part of
a man’s land as it is to confiscate the whole
of it.
Now if that cpntention be sound, as the cor
poration lawyer contends that it is, the tariff
on Steel, iron ore and coal cannot be reduced,
because such reduction would lessen the profits
of the Steel Trust, and of the independent com
panies engaged in that line of business. A re
duction of the duty on cotton goods will lower
the profits of the cotton goods manufacturers.
Consequently, if the claim of these corpora
tion lawyers, as set forth in their utterly ridicu
lous confiscatory pleas, is to be upheld as a
proper view of the law, that we are in the ab
surd position of saying that by Magna Charta
and the various bills of right which have been
born from that parent document, we have ren
dered ourselves powerless to protect the coun
try from the rapacity of stock-watering combi
nations of capital.
•S M ♦
'Roosebelt As An Humorist.
Sometimes Mr. Roosevelt is very' funny,
without having the least intention of being so.
In all of his messages, he has side stepped
the panic of October, 1907, with the daintiness
of a cat crossing a wet place. In fact, one can
not gather from Mr. Roosevelt’s voluminous
communications to Congress that we have had
real panic at all.
Brought to book by the Senate, because of
the permission which he gave to the Steel
Trust to gobble up a rival concern, —The Ten
nessee Coal and Iron Company,—Mr. Roose
velt naively tells of an interview and a conver
sation which he had with Judge Gary and H.
C. Frick, the controlling magnates of the Steel
Trust. Mr. Roosevelt says that these altruis
tic gentlemen came to see him at the White
House (Nov., 1907) and remarked to him, in a
casual sort of way, that a certain concern in
New York —name of the concern not given—
was in great straits and about to go to the wall.
Charitably concerned about the troubles of this
un-named firm, Messrs. Gary and Frick con
fided to the President their willingness, for the
good of the country, to go to the relief of this
mysterious firm, and to take off its hands the
Tennessee Coal and Iron Company. They told
the President that the distressed firm had
amongst its assets the controlling interest of
this Tennessee rival of theirs, and that while
they would not otherwise care to purchase this
rival company and put a stop to its injurious
competition, they would, as a mere matter of
philanthropy, patriotism and general goodness
of heart, take it over and, incidentally, put a
stop to said damaging competition.
Mr. Roosevelt blandly assures the Senate
that he believed every word these patriots told
him, couldn’t for a moment suppose that their
motive was less pure than they said it was;
and that, because their object was of such a
noble character, he and Mr Bonaparte gave
them the sympathetic and collusive wink, and
told them to go right ahead and violate the
Sherman Anti-Trust law.
Now, you couldn’t guess in a coon’s age the
reason which influenced Mr. Roosevelt to give
his consent to this violation of law. He sol
emnly asserts that his purpose was to prevent
a panic! In other words, the President tells
the country, byway of a message to the Sen
ate, that HE allowed the Steel Trust to gobble
up its most effective competitor and that, by
doing this, HE KEPT US FROM HAVING
A PANIC!
By the way, there was a five million dollar
failure in New York City, just a few days ago;
another big life-insurance company is going in
to the hands of receivers; railways are still
wobbling and don’t seem to know whether they
can get along without bankruptcy or not; two
hundred thousand idle freight cars are on the
side tracks, —same number as a year ago;
money is as tight as a drum; collections are
poor; suicides and starvation multiply; the.
bread-line is as grim as the grave; robbery and
thefts and murders are increasing at a most
appalling rate; and it really looks as if we
might have had a panic in spite of the fact .that
the President did allow Gary and Frick to
swallow that Southern competitor, whose open
hearth process enabled it under-sell the Pitts
burg altruists.
* *
What The Jeffersonian Would Do If It
Were in the Place of President
Charles S. "Barrett.
We would immediately send out a personal
letter to every member of the Farmers’ Union;
we would ask each member, as a personal fa
vor, to remit sl, immediately; we would deposit
every one of these dollars in the best bank in
Georgia; we would put these there in the name
of Daniel Sully, Trustee.
If every member of the Farmers’ Union had
the same confidence in us that he has in
Charles S. Barrett, not one of them would fail
to send that dollar. In less than two weeks,
there would be at least fifteen hundred thou
sand dollars to the credit of Daniel Sully, Trus
tee. We would, in the mean time, have seen
Sully and bound him as firmly as words can
bind anybody, to take that money as a trust
fund and start a bull movement in New York.
As fast as the cash came in, we would push it
to Sully. Sully would begin his campaign.
The mere fact that the Farmers’ Union, a vast
agricultural organization, was behind him
would, of itself, create a sensation of the right
sort. With two million men behind him, it
would mean a revolution. With fifteen hun
dred thousand or two million dollars to operate
on, there can be no doubt that Sully would be
supplied with resources sufficient to boom the
price of cotton to at least twelve cents.
Suppose he were to act dishonestly and not
return the money, as we would have secured
his promise to do. Then what? Every farmer
who owns a bale of cotton would have made
$5 every time cotton advanced one cent and,
therefore, if Sully did not return the money
there would be no loss to the farmer. He
would have made $4 by an investment of sl.
But if Sully returned the money after the bull
campaign was over, the farmer would not only
get back all that he put into the venture, but
also the profits made by the advance.
We believe that now is the psychological mo
ment. The largest grain crop that the South
has ever sown is in the ground. Unless some
thing is done to encourage the cotton grower
to plant a big crop, he isn’t going to plant it.
The spinners know this. THEY ARE AL
READY UNEASY ABOUT IT. They real
ize that unless a change of some sort comes, it
is a physical impossibility for the South to
produce as large a crop this year as she did in
1908. Consequently, in the eyes of the Jeffer
sonian, now is the time for a bull movement.
Why can’t the two million members of the
Farmers’ Union show their good sense and
earnestness of purpose, by creating a fund of
two million dollars and telling Sully to strike
while the iron is hot?
The loss of a dollar, even if you lose it, is
nothing: but you won’t lose it. Try it, and
you are almost certain to make ten million dol
lars in less than 60 days.