PAGE EIGHT
Olje Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. 14 June 17, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Departure from Common Sense
From the “Florida Christian Advocate,” is
copied into the “Wesleyan Christian Advo
cate” an editorial in which the writer under
takes to demolish “Watsonology on Foreign
Missions.” Says the demolisher, “Let us note
a few of his departures from common sense.”
It seems that there
are four of these de
plorable departures,
and each one of them
is given separate,
drastic and despite
ful treatment.
Holding Watson,
figuratively, by the
collar, the demol
islier begins his cas
tigation thus:—
“(1) He believes
in foreign missions,
but believes that the
foreigner himself
should j be the exclu
si v e missionary
taking care of him
self.”
In the forcible and
appropriate lan
guage of Rev. W. C.
Lovett, D. D., “We
never said it.” Nowhere has Brother Watson
contended that “the foreigner himself should
be the exclusive missionary.” Watson’s posi
tion is, that we should follow the example set
by those pioneer missionaries who heard
Christ explain his meaning, or who had that
meaning explained to them by apostles who
had listened to the Master, lie contend that
Peter and Paul and Timothy understood their
business. We modestly but firmly insist that
the model for missionary work, left by the
original converts and apostles, must be the
correct and divine model.
It was missionary work of that character
which converted entire nations to Christ. No
nation has ever been converted by the mod
em, unscriptural methods.
The Florida editor who comes to the rescue
of Rev. W. C. Lovett, D. D., seeks to refute
Mr. Watson by referring to the manner in
which the Anglo-Saxons were converted. A
study of the historical facts will convince any
unbiased mind that Europe was won to
Christ by primitive, apostolic methods.
Where a monarch, like Charlemagne, con
quers a people, like the Saxons, and draws his
sword upon the captives, saying, persuasively,
“Acknowledge Christ, or I’ll have your heads
cut off,” —even an excited fanatic on foreign
missions will scarcely claim that the method
is canonical. The truth is, that every real
change of heart and of spirit brought about
among the nations of earth by the Gospel of
Christ, has been the result of a faithful ad
herence to scriptural instructions and apos
tolic examples.
So late as the year 597, after Christ, we find
mission work being conducted precisely as Pe-
■■■' ' ' ’
. .. ; ■ t . . ■ -1.
- ■ «•'’
-‘J' -J.ti h‘t-5 ** l> *
■ ■” « L -
s ome ® IN
'iiiWTiin»iM M w fi» jU aj eju.?
Hiroshima Girls’ School, Japan.
Jeffersonian
ter and Paul had done it. Papa Gregory, at
Koine, sent Abbott Augustine and forty
monks to convert the heathen of England,—
the Angles and Saxons and native stocks.
These missionaries went at their task by
preaching. And they kept on preaching un
til they made converts. After that, they or
ganized churches. Rome never sent a penny
to the English churches and schools. It was
just itie other way. The English churches
and schools not only supported themselves, but
contributed generously to the revenues of
Papa at Rome.
In Ireland, Patrick pursued the methods of
Paul, and took Erin by storm. So intense
was the zeal of these converts, that Irish mis
sionaries went forth to spread the glad tid
ings among the Highlands of Scotland, among
the Frisians of the North Sea, among the
mountaineers of the Apennines. Along the
shores of Lake Constance, Irish missionaries
walked and preached; an Irish hero-of-the-
Faith, Columba, planted the standard of the
cross on the bleak rock of lona, and fought
the good fight, as Paul fought it, until the
banner of Christ flew over all the Western
Isles.
Not a single one of these 'missionaries drew
from the Home-church the financial support
of their churches and schools. Without any
• • Uyjr ■
£J b .
JU . Jgy t.T jkJT', ?*>,. mbm . t
tfLgSLw _> / ? fe , .. r
-jy X. ?
; ' • ' ’ ■ MB* .. .
The sleek, fat, well eared for little girls of the Misses Abernethy and Hensley’s
school in Chefoo. Contrast THESE with the cotton mill children! Is it a “de-,
parture from common sense” to wish that our own little ones could have as
fair a chance as we are providing; for the heathen children, whose own gov
ernment and parents are amply able to take care of them?
exception, the mission schools and churches
were maintained by the native converts.
Therefore, if Watson has departed from
common sense, he is in mighty good company.
(2) Combating Watsonology in the matter of
feeding, clothing, physicking, educating and
industrially training Africans, Asiatics and
Oceanics; to the neglect of Caucasian chil
dren who are in .need of these things in
Christian America, the Florida Advocate says
the answer is, “The field is the world, and one
part of that world is just as precious as any
other part? 1
In other words, if we leave some thousands
of little white children to slave out their lives
in the mills and the fields, —growing up in
poverty, ignorance and irreligion,—while we
hie to the foreign fields and board, clothe,
educate and Christianize an equal number of
Congo niggers, or of feeble-minded Koreans,
we have done well. If we permit the mem
bers of our own national household to go un
provided for, no fault can attach to us, pro
vided we have busied ourselves with vice,
crime, pauperism and paganism in some for
eign country.
So says “The Florida Christian Advocate”
and, seemingly, its position is approvel by
Rev. W. C. Lovett, D. D.
Well, we cannot subscribe to so unnatural
and ungodly a doctrine as that. Common
sense has precious little to do with such 'fa
naticism. Primarily, each of us is responsible
for his own child, not his neighbor’s child;
for his own household, not that of his neigh
bor; for his own fellow-countrymen, not the
inhabitants of such teeming empires as China,
Japan and Hindustan. And we consider it a
sin and a shame to leave our children to sink
to perdition, —soul and body,—while we build
schools and colleges in rich foreign countries
TO COMPETE TV IT H THE NATIVE
SCHOOLS AND COLLEGES TV HI CH
THE GOVERNMENTS OF THOSE NA
TIONS HAVE THROWN OPEN TO
THOSE FOREIGN CHILDREN. Japan,
China and Hindustan have vast wealth, and
are offering splendid facilities for education
to their native children. Why then, —in the
name of Common Sense! —should we open
schools in those Kingdoms to compete with
the native schools in giving secular education
to those yellow, brown and black children?
There is not a particle of Scripture for it,
NOR A GRAIN OF COMMON SENSE
IN IT!
(3) As to missionary dentists, pill and plas
ter toters, Pain-killer distributors, Liver
regulator and Chill-tonic disciples, we have
much to say in the July number of The Jef
fersonian Magazine, and we will not go over
the ground again here. We will simply pause
to remark upon the invulnerable self-conceit
of the missionary tooth-plugger and ache-re
liever who compares his ministrations to the
miracle working of Jesus Christ!
(4) “The Florida Advocate” is bitter be
cause of Watson’s way of citing facts and
drives us away
from the tabulated report, we are at sea. The
missionary in those tables says “This is what
I have accomplished.”
But it may be that he has done more than
he claims, —and it is equally conceivable that
he has done less.
The Florida Advocate contends that soul
saving in China is cheaper than in the United
States. Touching this, we offer two sugges
tions :
(1) When a Chinaman flops from the faith
of his fathers and begins to draw money as a
worker for Christ, how do we know that his
soul is saved?
(2) If it is so hard to get people to join the
figures. The Ad
vocate rejects tabu
lated results, incon
tinently and con
tumeliously. Per
haps it is a. sorry
way to prove any
thing. For exam
ple, when a foreign
missionary tabu
lates the results of
his work in China,
one can’t rely im
plicitly on his fig
ures. He may real
ly have accomplish
ed greater things
than his tabulation
shows. But then
agan, he may have
accomplished less.
If the