ored, and where the home life contemplates
that the daughter be protected and esteemed,
the lure of a title will cause some of them to
break their necks to buy a disreputable for
eigner, whose superficial palaver scarcely
conceals his disrespect for women, whose ideas
of the sanctity of marriage are practically
nil, in most instances, and whose wife is al
lowed to drag out her existence in neglect on
his part, and contumely on the part of his
relatives.
It is time public sentiment were strength
ened against all such mesalliances, whether
with dukes and counts of Europe, or Mon
golian “Sunday-school boys” or what-not.
Even in the South, where social equality is
considered impossible, we see women ride
about in carriages side-by-side with negroes,
and some stores have even introduced the in
novation of having negro clerks, who are al-’
lowed to fit shoes on the dainty feet of white
ladies, and toy more or less delicately with
their ankles! How can we expect the negro
to keep his place if under any pretext what
ever he is allowed personal contact with the
fairest women of the land? Civilization can
not afford to weaken the racial lines by tol
erating negro coachmen, negro clerks, negro
attendants of any sort. Mrs. Well-to-Do may
sneer at the idea of personal danger to her-
but though she may be safe, the poor
white girl of the country, or the belated
working girl of the city, is bound to have
her danger increased.
“But we must have servants,” some one ex
claims. Well, the price we pay for them is
sometimes too dear. There is a field of in
dustry for the negro man, where he need come
in no contact whatever with the wives and
daughters of his white employers. A family
able to keep a carriage, can afford to pay a
Teasing Those Three Judges
(concluded from page one)
the Legislature of Georgia enacted some
legislation to protect the depositors and
stockholders of the State banks. At that
time, those banks issued notes which circu
lated as money.
During the War, those banks died. But the
laws which made it illegal for bank officials
to do certain things did not die. They were
never repealed. They have ever since re
mained in force.
Now listen:
In 1893 the Legislature enacted a law mak
ing it criminal for the officers of a bank of
issue to do the things forbidden in those an
cient sections of the Civil Code. But, two
years later , the Legislature adopted our pres
ent Code. In this, the latest codification of
our laws, the words “banks of issue” were
omitted, and it was made criminal for ANY
officer of ANY bank to do the things forbid
den in those ancient sections of the Civil
Code. The wording of the law of 1895 is en
tirely different from, the wording of the Acts
of 1893. In the broadest language, the Legis
lature of 1895 declared that, if “any officer of
any bank, or banking association of this
State, SHALL” do the forbidden things, he
SHALL be punished, in the manner specified.
Notwithstanding this broad language, ap
plicable to any sort of State bank, the Court
of Appeals turned Thornton and Manry
loose, “deciding” that those penal laws of
1895 had reference only to banks of issue, of
which we have had none since the Civil War.
Inasmuch as the codifiers of 1895 picked
out a certain clause of the Act of 1893, omit
ted the qualifying words, “bank of issue”,
and broadened the language so as to embrace
any and all banks, the re-insertion, by those
three judges, of the qualifying words, was
just another instance where criminals got the
benefit of judge-made law.
C>b<2.
white boy to drive it. If not, take the street
cars, walk* or wait until some member of the
family can do the driving. The Southern
mountains are chock-full of sturdy young
men who would thank God for a chance to
work somewhere, even in so-called menial
capacity, if it enabled them to get some
chance in life. We see negro men and boys
employed as order and delivery clerks, enter
ing white homes at all hours, chatting with
white women in all stages of negligee. Is
there no danger in this? In the solution of
the heavy race problem, we owe it to our
selves, and we owe it to the undisciplined and
easily-inflamed negro, to eliminate each and
every possible source out of which danger
springs.. There is no negro doggery which
doesn’t revel in pictures "of ’ beautiful white
women (never lithographs of the women of
their own race), and the city police invaria
bly tear these pictures from the walls when
ever they are found. If beautiful faces,
tempting necks and arms are bad, in a mere
print—are they innocuous in reality?
Business men of the South, get white clerks,
white porters, 'white drivers and servants.
Let the mountain boy work his way through
school. In the North, college boys serve as
waiters and do chores, and everybody honors _
them for it. Give the young white girl a
chance—she only needs to be shown the way,
and “cut out” all of this domestic intimacy
between the races which insidiously, if not
actually, menaces social equality !
It is well to establish rural industrial
schools, but these are a drop in the bucket of
the ignorance and hopelessness of these fine
boys and girls who despairingly live and die
in the rut worn deep by generations past.
Bring them to your cities, and turn your
bucks and wenches into the cotton and corn
fields, where they are more serviceable and
less a menace!
What the Jeffersonian Clubs
Could Do
The New England town meeting was one of
the dynamic forces of antebellum America.
During the Embargo period, Thomas Jeffer
son, then President, declared that he could
feel the ground tremble under his feet, in
consequence of the turbulent opposition of the
New England town meetings.
Why is it that our people can not assemble,
once a month, and discuss matters of general
interest? The Jeffersonian Clubs might easi
ly be made informal debating societies, in
which the old and the young, the learned and
the unlearned, could exchange ideas. Under
a five-minute rule, every one could get a hear
ing, and nobody could become a bore. It is
astonishing how much can be said in five min
utes. I had no conception of it, myself, until
I joined the Phi Deltas at old Mercer. By
compelling the speakers to be brief, you could
make it necessary for them to study their
subjects, so that they could condense the
greatest amount of matter into the smallest
possible space.
When you hear a speaker rambling all over
creation, you may know that he has not pre
viously mastered his subject.
Last summer The Jeffersonian predicted
an advance in the cost of living. It took no
Solomon to foretell that. The abominable
Payne-Aldrich tariff made it absolutely cer
tain that the Trusts would tighten their coils
around us. Consequently, we warned you to
expect an advance all along the line. More
over, we told you that even though the price
of cotton soared, the robbers who control your
markets would move up their prices, and take
away from you the greater part of what you
gained on cotton.
Well, that’s what the robbers are doing.
How do they manage it?
You could not have any better question to
discuss, in the Jeffersonian Clubs.
Under the heading, “Mr. Bryan and His
Mistaken Estimate of Darwin,” an excellent
article appeared recently in
Bryan and the Savannah Press, by A. H.
Darwin. Propper, in which he demol
ishes the Peerless’ silly argu
ments against Mr. Darwin, based (how like
Bryan!) on precisely the position Mr. Dar
win did NOT take, and upon things which
Mr. Darwin never said. Bryan assumes, like
the superficial and imitative creature he is,
that Darwin claimed man to be a descendant
of the monkey. This Darwin’s writings no
where show. What Darwin did say, as
thoughtful readers know, and as Mr. Prop
per quotes, was this:
“Man, as I have attempted to show, is certainly
descended from some ape-like creature.
But we must not fall into the error of sup
posing that the early progenitors of the whole
Simian stock, including man, was identical with,
or even closely resembled, any existing ape or
monkey.
“Every evolutionist will admit that the five
great vertebrate classes, namely, mammals, birds,
reptiles, amphibians and fishes, are descended
from some one prototype; for they have much in
common, especially during their embryonic state.’’
As stated upon the hundredth anniversary
of his birth, recently, Darwin's achievements
had and would continue to compel the scien
tific world to “think in terms of Darwin”.
How ridiculous, then, for Bryan, who has
probably never even read his works, to strut
up and down the rostrum, attacking a man
whose researches have been epoch-making.
Sublime ignorance could hardly further go,
and Mr. Propper is to be commended for his
thoughtful article in warning of the casual
reader, or hearer of Mr. Bryan, not to fall
into the same loose error of assuming that
“Darwin and the monkey” was ever anything
but the quip of fellow-scientists, who in
dulged their little joke without realizing that
any one would take it as a serious digestion
of Darwin’s views.
If each of the clubs had a few copies of
that infamous “law”, for examination and
comment, it would keep all hands busy for
months. Excepting the money question, there
is no other governmental subject of greater
importance.
Why is it costing everybody so much more
to live, than it did before the enactment of
that damnable “law”?
This inquiry concerns all of us, and we
ought to make a thorough investigation.
Do you know how* the stand-pat Republi
cans explain the increase of the cost of liv
ing?
The impudent liars say that the farmers
have caused it.
Immediately after the new tariff steal be
gan to operate, the Trusts began to take ad
vantage of it, to put prices up. What else
could you expect? That is what they changed
the law for.
Having built the trap to catch game, why
shouldn’t they catch game?
Having stretched their net clear across the
stream, why shouldn’t they catch fish?
Another Missionary Report
A friend sends me a copy of the official re
port of the Ponasang Missionary Hospital,
China. The suggestive and cheerful title of
the pamphlet containing this report is,
“HAVING GOOD TIMES.”
The facts set forth in the report fully war
rant the name given to the pamphlet.
As I opened the little book, a loose leaf
dropped out. One side of this is printed, and
it is an appeal for help for Foochow Mission
ary Hospital. The statement is made that
this hospital for the Chinese “depends upon
Voluntary Donations for its support.”
The first sentence in the report is,—
“We had a good time in Ponasang Hospital
during the year 1908.”
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE FIVE