Watson’s
Jeffersonian
Magazine
THOMSON, GEORGIA"
Price, 10 cents
SI.OO per Year
$20,000 Larchmont Farm
INCORPORATED
West Camp, N. Y., (on the Hudson)
200 Shares l ull Paid ' Par SIOO Non-Assessable
The Larchmont Farm (inc.) is a corporation organized under
the New I ork state laws, its object being to raise puoltry products
and fruit for high-class trade.
This company owns 100 acres of cultivated land at West Camp
on-the-Hudson, having a frontage of about 3,000 feet on the Hud
son River. The location is an ideal one, as the Catskill Mountains
are on the west, ten miles distant; on the east the Hudson River,
and north and south the beautiful Hudson Valley. Facilities for‘
shipping are unexcelled. There is a steamboat landing very near
the property and goods shipped by boat from the farm at night reach
New Vork City the next morning. Freight rates are very low. The
V est bhore R. R. station is a few yards fro mthe farm, and ship
ments may be made by express to New York in 3 1-2 hours.
The location of the land is in a portion of the Hudson Valley
that is rapidly increasing as a residential section.
For poultry raising and fruit growing the land is unexcelled.
It is well drained, sloping gently to the east and south to a stream
supplied by never-failing springs of pure cold water. The soil is
rich and adapted to fruit growing. A large acreage consists of wood
land, with considerable cedar, which will be invaluable for building
purposes.
In the fruit and poultry business there is a constant demand
which must be met, and with the facilities to be had at Larchmont
Farm it will be only a question of how great will be the production
and how large the profits.
Every dollar invested in this company is amply secured by de
sirable real estate increasing each year in value.
Low capitalization secured by real estate, fertile land, good
management, with an ever increasing market, make this a most de
sirable investment.
Officers of the company receive no salary until stock earns 24
per cent.—or 2 per cent, monthly.
Dividends are now being earned and we believe a distribution of
from 10 to 25 percent. will be paid the first few years, showing in
creasing profits each year.
Having sold a portion of this stock, the remainder is now of
fered for sale at par SIOO a share.
For prospectus and full information fill out and mail this coupon.
LARCHMONT FARM (INC.),
Box H, West Camp, Ulster Co., N. Y.:
Please send prospectus to —
Name
Address
Mr. Watson’s Reply
A LADY MISSIONARY who remonstrates with
him for championing what she considers an unright
eous cause, will appear in the September Magazine.
Is there a White Slave
Traffic?
JNCIDENTALLY, but with facts that will startle Am
erica, Mr. Watson Touches upon “The White Slave
Traffic/’ Read of the conditions in your own land,
and you will be an instant volunteer to change them.
- ■ t
The Dark (prner
THOUSANDS of readers are anxiously awaiting the
second installment of Zach McGhee’s wonderful
novel of present-day life in the rural South.
Life of Andrew Jackson
EVERY SOUTHERNER and every lover of the |
South will read with vivid interest this new chapter
in the history of his beloved country.
WATSON’S
NAPOLEON
Os the writing of this book, Mr. Watson says: “I felt, as a
boy, what I know. as a man, that he was crushed by the combi
nation of Kings because of the principles for which he stood., —
those principles being of deadly hostility to Absolutism, Di
vine Right and Class-rule. And so it happened that, in my ma
ture manhood, I recurred to the study which thrilled me when
a boy. In the volume which embodies the result of the reading
of a lifetime, I endeavored to tell the truth about Napoleon—
not as a partisan, but as a student who has never tired of him,
and who considers him the most terribly attractive figure his
tory presents.”
PRICE
Handsomely Bound in Cloth
$2.00
AGENTS WANTED
Book Department
Ttie Jeffersonians
THOMSON, GA.