PAGE FOURTEEN
with feverish eagerness to the “Speech of
Thetus”.
Well, they gave themselves bad luck when
they selected their political savior.
Thetus, himself, journeyed up Salt River,
soon after making his “Speech”; and the
places which knew him, Congressionally,
will know him no more forever. His own
constituents, after having given him a fair
trial of three terms, felt that they had better
let Thetus stay at home. They, therefore,
mildly but resolutely elected another man.
That’s a bad sign for the Hardwicks, Lees,
Edwards, and Brantleys who are expecting
salvation through “the speech of Thetus”.
Don’t Let This Paper Die!
The American Whip is published at a dead loss
to me. Not another paper in the country is just
like it in character, nor published under the same
circumstances. I do not know another writer or
publisher in America who defends true American
principles as I do, excepting Thomas E. Watson,
of Georgia. He has got the prestige of a national
reputation to attract support for his publications,
and I am glad of it. I have no such reputation,
and, therefore, get little support for my paper.
The Whip, in its present form, has been run
ning three years, and I am still doing all the work
without pay. Besides, I must defray the greater
part of the expenses for paper, with the inside
pages printed in Baltimore, express charges,
postage and other incidentals, out of the slender
income I have from my regular business, which
has been much curtailed through “prosperity”
and the boycott.
I happen to live in a community where plain
ness of speech is not relished; where the man
who calls things by their right names, is regarded
as an enemy of the public peace, a disturber of
“business”; therefore, my paper cannot show the
outward signs of local support which might bring
it credit in the opinion of men who do not know
me.
The Whip is published in the interest of no
class, clique or clan. It stands for the broad
principles of American Liberty; and it is not sec
tional. It does not matter in what locality such
a paper is published. Its principles apply to all
citizens, everywhere. The mails can take it any
where. Why let it languish and die?
EZRA J. WEAVER.
Washington, D. C.
The price of The Whip is 50 cents a year.
It is published in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.
You can take it on a trial trip of 2 months at
10 cents.
Ezra J. Weaver is a consecrated editor,
whose mission in life is to expose the mon
strosities of Roman Catholicism and to warn
Americans of its dangers.
Send the hero a dime, and give his paper
a fair trial. T. E. W.
Keep Your Eyes Skinned,
Farmer !
From Washington City, under date of
February 23, 1910, D. J. Neill, of the Texas
Co-operator, sent out circular letters, in
which the following sentence occurs:
“Two other State papers are likely to be con
solidated with the Co-operator at no distant
date.”
Who is it that is swallowing these Farm
ers’ Union papers so rapidly?
Reimers, the rich Republican from lowa.
He has already gobbled three. His man Fri
day-and-Saturday writes from Washington
that they are licking two others, preparatory
to swallowing them.
As each of the papers in question was a
State-wide organ, Brother Reimers has three
States of the South, and will soon have two
more.
That will be five Southern States, brought
under the paws of him, the said Reimers.
That’s certainly going some, for a new be
ginner from Republican lowa—isn’t it, men?
Well, if Reimers pays much for those
Farmers’ Union papers, he w T ill stand to lose
a pile of money. lowa Republicans and
Ship Subsidy thieves can't farm the farmers
3e|fersontan
of the cotton belt. The Jeffs will make a
specialty of seeing to that.
I wonder if Duck’s Union News is one of
the two papers that is to pass into Reimers’
interior, “at no distant date”.
EDITORIAL NOTES
By J. D. WA TSON
A South Missouri farmer had a day’s work for
one man. There were several loafers on the sun
ny side of the town square and the farmer ap
proached them to tender the boon of a day’s job
to one of them. He knew how scarce jobs are in
the winter and he was sorry he could offer the
chance to only one of the idle men. He said:
“Boys, I’ve got a day’s job for one of you. Wish
I had work for all, but you can draw lots to decide
who shall take it.” He told them what kind of
work it was. “I’ve got such an awful misery in
my back this morning I can hardly move,” said
one. “I’m all chucked up with a cold,” said an
other. “My rheumatiz is nearly killing me to
day,” quoth number three. “I’m nearly down
with stummick trouble,” sighed the fourth one
dejectedly. There was one man left. “Well,
what’s the matter with you, Jack?” asked the man
who wanted work done. “Nothin’,” said Jack,
“only I don’t want to work and I aih’t goin’ to.” —
Stanberry (Missouri) Owl.
Labor conditions seem to be about the same
in Missouri that they are here in Georgia.
Let a farmer go to any town in Georgia
and he will find loafers hanging about the
street corners or in the stores, but they don’t
want to work and they “ain’t goin’ to”, as the
farmer will find out when he tries to hire one
of the bucks.
We have vagrancy laws it is true, —laws
intended to make this very class get out and
earn a living,—but the law T is either deficient
or it is not enforced.
The town officers are often to blame for
this condition, but not entirely so, for the
farmers themselves could help bring about a
change.
On nearly every Grand Jury drawn in the
State you will find farmers, and these farm
ers ought to make it their duty to look up the
vagrants and have them indicted. Once the
Grand Juries get started on this line it will
make the arresting officers keep a sharper
lookout, and soon you will see many an able
bodied negro who now hangs around town
and lives on what some cook takes from her
employer’s kitchen, out in the field working
for some farmer who needs labor.
If every Judge in Georgia would empha
size the vagrancy law in his charge to the
Grand Jury, it would help a lot in relieving
the situation.
* * * *
The newspapers are slopping over so about
the Rockefeller gift of $250,000,000 for the
perpetual benefit of mankind that one wishes
John D. had kept his two hundred and fifty
millions and let mankind rock along in the
same old way.
To see the head of a plundering Trust buy
the praise of those whom he has robbed by a
donation to some charitable institution makes
you feel disgusted.
Take it for granted that Mr. Rockefeller
now sees and feels that the manner in which
he accumulated his vast fortune was not
right, his proposed foundation does not make
restitution.
What about the wrecked businesses, ruined
rivals and the different legislatures which the
Rockefeller or Standard Oil lobbyists have
secretly and suddenly induced to enact legis
lation favorable to the Standard Oil interests
and against the interests of the people?
What about the $500,000,000 of the illegally
gotten wealth which Mr. Rockefeller will still
retain ?
Why go so crazy over an old plunderer who
has robbed the people, wrecked businesses
and human lives and bought legislatures just
because he decides to give back one-third of
what he has wrongfully taken?
Mr. Rockefeller does not propose to change
the business methods of the Standard Oil
Company —to put a stop to its plundering,—
he simplv proposes to give back about one
third of his part of the plunder and keep on
plundering.
♦ * * ♦
Suppose that Mr. Rockefeller has partly
repented in earnest, he would have convinced
many people of his sincerity if ho had waited
awhile to make public his $250,000,000 gift.
Just at this time the suits to dissolve the
Standard Oil Company are ponding in the
United States Supreme Court, and Mr.
Rockefeller should have waited until they are
decided before he asked Congress to incor
porate his foundation.
If he had done so, no one would have
claimed that he is making a bid to buy public
opinion in order to influence the court in its
decision.
* * * *
There is quite a difference in our way and
the Englishman’s way of looking at business
methods. j
No one knows this better than James A.
Patten, the wheat king.
A few days ago Patten announced that he
had made his pile and was going away on a
vacation to enjoy his money. No one in this
country looked down on him for his methods
in getting the pile. We considered him a
nervy man with great resources, and we were
inclined to honor him.
But not so in England.
There the method used in getting the pile
is considered, and the man who gambles in
food products doesn’t have a very pleasant
time of it.
When Patten appeared on the floor of the
Manchester Exchange he was hooted, jolted
about and needed the escort of a number of
policemen to escape being mobbed by the
Englishmen. It was made so unpleasant for
the Chicago gambler that he has been forced
to give up his vacation in England and is
now on his way back to this country.
If we wrnuld treat our gamblers as the Eng
lish treat theirs, there would be less gambling
in foodstuffs here.
* * * *
An interesting bit of information leaked
out in the suit of the Government against the
Union Pacific and the Southern Pacific Rail
roads which shows how the big corporations
get advance information from Washington.
Months ago Judge R. S. Lovett, the head
of the Harriman railroad interests, held a
conference with President Taft and gained
advance information as to what railroad
legislation the President would recommend to
Congress and gave his brokers orders to buy
enough Southern Pacific stock to be within
the limits of the proposed legislation.
Later on, it was doubtful about everything
turning out just as Mr. Taft had predicted,
and Judge Lovett went to Washington for
another conference. After this conference,
the Judge gave his brokers orders to stop
buying Southern Pacific stock.
Thus you can see that the heads of big cor
porations are allowed to profit from infor
mation of the present administration’s plans
months before the public know them.
«► «►
Read What THOS. E. WATSON ;;
«► Says About <►
i: FOREIGN MISSIONS f
Second Edition of “Foreign Missions <►
Exposed” now on the Press. More «►
♦ than 150 Pages. Richly Illustrated.
4-
«► TWENTY.FIVE CENTS PER COPY
>4>444444444444444444444»44444-4»t