PAGE EIGHT
Olje Jeffersonian,
PUBLISHED BY
TH OS. E. WATSON & J: D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice. Atlanta, Ga.,.January 11, 1907, as second class mall matter
ATLANTA, GA., FEBRUARY 4, 1909.
The Geo. H. Bell Case.
A Disgrace to Christian Civilization.
During the last year fifty-six felons were
pardoned out of the Georgia penitentiary.
Many of these were murderers. One of them
had killed a husband for remonstrating with
him for his indecent behavior in the presence
of the wife of the deceased.
So you see, it’s easy to get out of the peni
tentiary. If you have a strong family and po
litical pull, as Tom Alexander of Augusta had,
you can forge and cheat and swindle, and get
away with SBO,OOO of other people’s money, and
virtually escape punishment. You may have to
go through the form of being sent to the peni
tentiary, but you won’t be made to work; and
in a year or so your friends will go before a
snob of a Governor, —who wants to cater to
the rich and powerful,—and you will easily
obtain a full pardon.
But suppose that interested parties can land
you in the asylum or state sanitarium, —how
about it? It’s mighty easy to get in, and it’s
mighty hard to get out.
So well known is this fact that now and'
then, a man who has been committed to one
of these hell-holes preserves his presence of
mind, when he and his keeper reaches the
asylum, and he delivers his keeper to the asy
lum as the insane man.
A case of that kind happened in a Southern
State not many years ago. The alleged insane
man made good his escape, leaving his sup
posedly sane keeper in the custody of the offi
cers of the asylum. It was with the utmost
difficulty and after tedious delays, that this
sane keeper secured his release from the man
trap.
The attention of our readers is called to the
following letter:
January 30, 1909.
Hon. Thomas E. Watson,
Thomson, Ga.
My Dear Sir: I note with much pleasure
an editorial comment in this week's Jefferson
ian about the George H. Bell case which was
tried in Milledgeville the 27th inst., and in
that connection permit me to acquaint you
with a few of the facts in this case. At the
outset, I will inform you that Mr. Bell is to
all appearances as sane and rational as any
man of my acquaintance ; this conclusion I have
reached after a number of very exhaustive
conversations with him, and a somewhat ex
tensive correspondence in addition to this his
own brother who is a physician and about fif
teen of his intimate associates from boyhood
to the present- time who were in attendance
upon the trial, testified one and all, that Bell
was thoroughly sane and was not in a singular
particular unlike what he had been all of his
life. They likewise corroborated in every de
tail the statement made by Bell as to his in
carceration and as to every circumstance lead
ing up to it. As opposed to this there was the
testimony of four physicians on the staff of
the sanitarium who testified that in their own
opinion Bell was suffering from chronic de-
Gl)e '3ftffftrsoniart
lusional insanity of an incurable type, upon
cross examination they admitted that during
the three years of his incarceration that less
than a half a dozen conversations had been
held with him relative to these so-called delu
sions and that the last one was between twelve
and eighteen months ago. They admitted that
he had never been guilty of the slightest act
of violence towards inmate, physician or at
tendant, that they had never known him to
make threats of any kind against anyone with
the one exception of having stated to Dr. Lit
tle about eighteen months ago that “if he ever
did get out of that hell hole that he proposed
to get even with somebody.” This in sub
stance constitutes the entire testimony as ad
duced.
The officials of the sanitarium were repre
sented by Mr. Joseph E. Pottle, Judge Allen,
and Col. Lawson of Eatonton, and the jury
was composed of two near relatives of coun
sel, a son-in-law of the late Dr. Powell, Super
intendent of the sanitarium at the time of
Bell’s reception therein, an undertaker who
furnishes coffins to the pauper patients, a drug
gist who fills prescriptions and supplies drugs
to the institution, a citv policeman, and one
other who supplied brick, cement, etc., to the
institution, and it was a singular coincidence
that these gentlemen were the seven out of
the twelve who voted that Bell was insane,
the other five voting him sane.
I have received letters from' Milledgeville
since the trial unqualifiedlv condemning the
verdict of the jury and stating that it was one
of the most unpopular ever rendered in that
county.
Pardon me for writing at such length, but
I am sincerely indignant at the efforts on the
part of the officials of this institution to keep
this man in their custody, solely because he
has written letters complaining over his un
just and illegal incarceration and because they
realize that he knows too much for them to
be safe in releasing him at this time. I realize
that you have invariably advocated causes
that you believed to be just and righteous, re
gardless of the influences arrayed against you,
and by reason of this fact I ask vou to co
operate with me in securing the freedom of
this man who I can truthfully say is endowed
with an intellect inferior to few. If at any
time you desire additional information in this
matter, I will be glad to furnish it. I am,
Yours verv truly,
W. D. McNEIL.
(Ed. Note: Am willing to help you—with
out fee or other reward. T. E. W.)
The statements made in this communication
are almost unbelievable.
Is it possible that George H. Bell is being
kept, against his will, in the Milledgeville sani
tarium upon the evidence of the officials of that
institution?
Is it possible that the question of Bell’s san
ity was not submitted to disinterested parties,
continued confinement?
But if the evidence for the sanitarium was
so shockingly one-sided and partial, what shall
we say of the jury?
According to Mr. McNeil’s letter, THE
JURY WAS PACKED!
What will right-minded people think when
they realize that the lawyers who managed
the case for the sanitarium put their own rela
tives upon it, and that out of the twelve jurors,
seven were either close kin to the lawvers who
were against Bell, or were personally inter
ested in finding a verdict which would satisfy
the sanitarium.
The Jury stood seven against Bell’s sanity,
to five in favor of it.
The five who declared that Bell is sane, had
no bias, prejudice or interest in the case.
The seven who declared that Bell is insane
are connected with tfie sanitarium, or closely
related to its lawyers.
What, then, is the size of it? The evidence
against Bell was supplied by the Sanitarium,
and A MAJORITY OF THE JURY WERE
FURNISHED BY THE SANITARIUM.
If that is not a disgrace to the State of
Georgia and to Christian civilization, what
would be ?
Post Script:
To the Hon. Thos. G. Lawson, Eatonton, Ga.
My Dear Judge: I beg that you will read
the letter of Mr. W. D. McNeil, herein pub
lished. A marked copy of the paper will be
sent you for that purpose. *
Judge, are McNeil’s statements true?
If they are, how can you, a stately figure in
the public life of our state, rest, satisfied ? You
have been Judge of our Superior Courts; you
have been a Congressman; you are a Trustee
of Mercer University; you are honored wher
ever you are known, —hence my appeal to you,
Did you try the question of Bell’s sanity be
fore such a disqualified jury as McNeil
charges? Your Friend.
. THOS. E. WATSON.
H H
The Insolence of Harriman.
And last of all came Harriman.
Poor old Central Railroad of Georgia! Un
der Moses Wadley it was a sound piece of
property, and not a football of High Finance.
Then, in an evil hour, descended upon us the
Wall Street exploiters. For less than two mil
lion dollars they secured control of the road,
and they immediately looted it to the extent
of sixteen million dollars. Then, under Gen.
Alexander, it was wrecked. There was the
form of a sale, under Federal Court procedure,
and then old Doctor J. P. Morgan—the man
who owns the $5,000 Bible—was called in to
treat the case. The five-thousand-dollar-Bible
physician treated the Central so well that she
was soon on her feet, doing her best to waddle
under a load of capitalization amounting to
more than $50,000,000.
The original stock and bonds of the Central
was only seven and one-half millions. There
fore, the present amount of stocks and bonds
represents commercial stealings of a score or
two of millions. \[n Wall Street language, ras
calities of this breed are called “stock-water
ings” and “reorganizations.”
Nevertheless, these manipulations arc thiev
eries, and the men who are guilty of them are
THIEVES. The fact that they are able to
purchase Bibles worth $5,000 does not alter
the case in the least.
After Morgan, came the Southern Railway,
which was much the same as Morgan coming
to stay. To hold down the situation created
by the rascally scoop of the Central and the
law-breaking relations between the Southern
and the Central, Maj. J. F. Hanson was made
dummy President, on one share of the stock.
The people who patronize the Central are tax
ed to pav this dummy President the annual
salary of $30,000 per year!
But nov; comes Harriman. You know him,
don’t you?
He is the man who waters the stock of one
railroad to get the money to buy another.
Having bought the second road with money
stolen, under Commercial forms, from the first,
he buys a third road with the money stolen,
under commercial forms, from the second.
This is the Harriman endless chain. As a
side-line, he buys from himself and sells to
himself the securities of his several roads. As
President of one railroad he sells to himself as
President of another. Knowing the secrets
of both roads, he plays the game with safety.
He can buy cheap, for he fixes the price. He
can sell at a profit, for he fixes the price. Both
in buying from himself and selling to himself
he sets the price—so that it’s no wonder that