PAGE SIX
TARMERS’ UNION DEPART HINT
A PRACTICAL LESSON FOR THE
PEOPLE.
And yet two wrongs do not make a right
and the State should not attempt to answer
disrespect of law with disrespect of law. Ev
ery State officer and every citizen is sworn
t© support the Constitution and laws of the
United States no less than the Constitution
and laws of his own state. To «asLl upon the
people to ignore a decision of a United Sta
tes court is therefore no less a species of law
lessness than it would be to call upon them
to ignore a decision of a State court. The
easy independence of the old plantation life,
the natural disorder engendered by four
years of war, and then the shame and oppres
sion of wild Reconstruction legislation which
seemed in part to justify resistance —these
things have kept the South from developing
that stern and splendid regard for law —law
because it is law —which was the glory of
Rome in its best days and without which no
people can be truly great. A Federal Judge
may be wrong; very well, the Supreme Court
of the United States, unimpeachable and un
assailable in its integrity, stands ready to
correct him. The recent conflicts of Federal
and State authority in North Carolina, South
Carolina, Alabama and other southern states,
lend especial pertinence to these sugges
tions; and the leaders of our people would do
well to err on the side of an overly scrupulous
respect for the courts rather than encourage
an admitted weakness in our Southern tem
perament. —Progressive Farmer.
A FEW PERSONAL WORDS FROM
THE EDITOR
Nothing could possibly be more gratifying
than the thousands of letters from subscrib
ers commending the course pursued by this
paper during the last five months and the
satisfactory outcome, the result of our policy.
Very true, a few did not approve, as all the
people never are unanimous on any one sub
ject or policy. We, however, console ourselves
that those who disapproved were deceived
and stubbornly refused to be undeceived by
the overwhelming mass of evidence and proof
of the justice and equity of our position.
To those who thought too much time was
taken to prove the claims of “up-to-date
farming” in the unfortunate controversy, if
such it may be called, and to other subscrib
ers, we want to say that in the future “up
to-date farming” will surpass itself in urg
ing united action by farmers to better their
condition through organization, co-operation,
pledging of crops, control of supply and sci
entific or at least systematic marketing.
Thus, pledging this paper to continue the
fight for the farmers’ industrial freedom and
independence we again call upon all members
and subscribers to continue their support and
to increase their zeal to extend its circulation
end the organization of the society. We are
in the contest to win, and with truth, justice
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
and equity on our side we WILL win.
The fight for the farmers’ rights has but
fairly begun. But we honestly believe the
greatest obstacles have been overcome and
their worst enemies have been encountered
and routed. Therefore may we not hope the
calling that gives to mankind bread, meat and
raiment will soon be exalted to the position
to which it is entitled by divine and human
right, but which it has always been denied.
As there are several thousand subscribers
who have not yet renewed their subscriptions,
although we have reached the twelfth hour,
we want to thank them one and all for their
kind favors in the past, and to wish them hap
piness, good health, and, if farmers, that
they may soon live under better conditions
on the farms than ever in the past. And
now, to such, unless they conclude to renew
after receiving this April Ist. number, we
say “Good-bye!”—J. A. Everett, Up-To-
Date Farming.
SOUTHERN FARMERS.
The developments during recent years are
making more certain the prosperity of the
southern farmers who co-operate and diver
sify.
One of the greatest hindrances to the adop
tion of the plans of diversified farming from
the first was the lack of co-operation among
farmers. Many at first discouraged those
who could see the advantages to be gained by
diversification of crops and refused to co-op
erate in the harvesting and shipping of crops.
This doubt and indifference, however, is dis
appearing and the farmers who diversify are
prospering as never before.
By co-operation and organization fruit grow
ing and truck raising can be made quite prof
itable, and satisfactory freight rates obtained
to markets. Then when such things are
grown in sufficient quantities to justify the
merchants will send buyers to the shippers
instead of their having to go to the buyers.
By organization the growers can also meet
together and discuss their interests, the va
rious features of growing and cultivation and
the best varieties of plaits, fruits, etc.
With the success of diversification and or
ganization canning factories could be estab
lished in every community and all the surplus
of the garden and farm saved from waste.
Tn the West “home eanners” have been used
with remarkable success —every grower has
his own “canner.” Another nice feature a
bout the canning industry is that it does not
require very much capital to establish a
plant. By co-operation a few neighbors can
get together and build a neighborhood can
ning plant. —Opelika Post.
FREE SEEDS.
It has been common to poke fun at the
seeds sent out by the agricultural department
under the congressional sed distribution.
The seeds are represented as usually not grow-
ing at all, or when they do sprout, as turn
ing out untrue to name; for instance, a pack
et labeled “turnips,” producing pokeweed, or
something equally foreign and useless. The
department has resented these criticisms, at
least as applying to present conditions, and
has made an experiment of its own in the way
of comparison. It procured from seedsmen a
large number of packets of vegetable seeds,
and tried to grow them. At the same time
it experimented with samples of the seeds
sent out under congressional order during
the past six years. The results are as fol
lows: The quality of the seeds purchased
from seedsmen is poor, the average germina
tion of 2,778 packets of 26 kinds fom 27
seed packeting houses being only 62.2 per
cent. The average germination of seeds from
one firm was 38 per cent, and from another
45 per cent. The variation in germination
of different packets of the same kind of seed
from the same firm was in several cases more
than 90 per cent. By 21 of the 27 seedsmen
whose seed was tested, 200 lots of seed were
put up which germinated ten per cent or less.
By 13 packeting houses, 62 lots of seed were
put up which entirely failed to germinate.
The average germination of the purchased
seeds tested was over 25 per cent lower than
that of those sent out in the congressional
distribution during the past six years. The
department concludes that the purchaser
should receive some sort of guaranty as to the
quality of the seed he is buying and hereaf
ter it will insist on such a guaranty before
any seed is purchased.—Farmers’ Advocate.
THE PENSION PAYMENTS.
The legislature last year changed the order
of paying the state pensioners. From the
time the state has begun paying pensions to
old Confederate soldiers and their widows
these pensions had been paid annually. Last
year this was changed to quarterly payments.
This was done because it was easier for the
state to meet these payments quarterly than
annually, and because it was thought also to
be more advantageous to the pensioners to
receive quarterly payments than to be com
pelled to wait a whole year.
We have -in this state a party, small but
exceedingly active, which is bitterly hostile
to the administration. This faction has
pounced upon the quarterly pension system as
a weapon with which to fight the governor.
True, he was not responsible for the change
in the pension system, a change that was
made by the legislature, but it is used to
arouse antagonism to him and the administra
tion. And desperate efforts are being made
to create dissatisfaction with him by this
means.
It is the politicians who are doing this, for
the purpose indicated above. Will the pen
sioners allow themselves to be used to fur
ther this cause of disgruntled politicians, and
pull chestnuts out of the fire for them'?
The new plan of paying pensions is exper-