PAGE FOURTEEN
THE COUNTRY BOY IN THE
WHITE HOUSE.
(Continued from Page Five.)
aged to go to Yeanga Seminary, and
from that on he ceased to be a farm
laborer, but he always remained a
countryman.
The Boy of Fairfield, Vt.
President Arthur, who became Pres
ident when Garfield was assassinated,
was the son of a Baptist preacher,
and was born in a log house at Fair
field, Vt., in 1830.
When Chester was 5 years old the
family removed to Greenwich, a coun
try village in Washington county,
New York.
While he no doubt did the work
that every poor boy in the country
must do around the place, he was not
obliged to work as hard as a farm
er’s boy probably would. His father
was a lettered man, and took care to
give his children time for their educa
tion.
Although his beginnings were not
lofty, the boy was “father of the
man’’ in Chester Arthur’s case, for
as a boy he was noted for his polite
and graceful manners, and as a man
he was one of the most thorough gen
tlemen imaginable. He was a tall,
handsome boy, very steady, with ex
cellent sense, devoted to reading, and
naturally of the sweetest and most
winning manners.
None of the Presidents, even Wash
ington or Adams, who were born to
the best positions in society, could
have been more polished than the
Baptist preacher’s bright boy. He
was not in the least affected. On the
contrary, like all really polished per
sons, his manners were remarkably
unaffected; but he was always simply
and truly polite. The same may be
said of all his brothers and sisters,
but Chester was the handsomest and
brightest of them all. He early made
up his mind to be a lawyer, and when
he went to Union College, Schnectady,
he was the youngest of his class. His
boyhood and youth were singularly
correct, studious and graceful.
The Boy of Caldwell, N. J.
r
Grover Cleveland was also a minis
ter’s son and was born at the Presby
terian parsonage at the little country
village of Caldwell, N.. J.
The parsonage had two acres of
ground attached to it, but Grover was
not destined to work on them. In
1840, when he was 3 years old, his
father moved to the village of Fay
etteville, N. Y. Here Grover went to
the village school, and when he was
not at school he w T as fishing. He was
the greatest fisherman about before
he was 12 years old.
When he was about 10 his youthful
ambition was aroused to go to “the
academy,” the most pretentious
school in the village, and at 11 he
was graduated. He was a very good
student, like all of his brothers and
sisters.
His life was like that of most boys
in country villages, and at 16 he was
put behind the counter in a general
shop. But the silent, steady boy had
a purpose in view. He wanted to go
to college. This, however, he could
not accomplish, owing to the death
of his father, leaving a large family
with very little means.
Grover then got a place in New
York City as an accountant and gen
eral instructor in the institution for
the blind. He only stayed in the great
city for a year, when he went to Buf
falo, where he had an uncle who was
comparatively rich.
Although disappointed in his ambi
tion to be a college man, Grover had
it at heart to be a professional man,
and his uncle having got him a place
in a lawyer’s office, the youth went to
work with a will and succeeded. He
probably had more of city life and
had it earlier than any other Presi
dent. But he was a country village
boy, which is the same as a country
boy.
The Boy of North Bend, 0.
President Harrison was born in a
Jog house on a farm at North Bend,
Ohio, in 1833.
Although his grandfather had been
President of the United States, his
father was a poor man and rather an
unsuccessful farmer. Benjamin wore
homespun, worked about the farm
and attended to the stock. He milked"
the cows, but it was generally agreed
that he was one of the poorest milk
ers ever seen.
He was rather an ingenious boy
with tools, though, and when quite a
little fellow he made his mother a
pair of snuffers to snuff the tallow
candles used in the farmhouse.
But he was not an uneducated boy
at all, the elder Harrison having a
schoolhouse on the place, where his
own boys and those of his ..neighbors
were taught during the winter. He
was fond of reading and devoured
Scott’s novels as greedily as every
bright boy ought to.
Benjamin was devoted to fishing
and shooting, and often helped the ne
gro man, who cooked for the family,
by bringing his wood and water, in or
der to have his company on a ’coon
hunt, or other frolicking expedition.
He had a very pleasant boyhood of
work and books, and lived on the
farm until he was 14, when he went
to a school known as Farmers’ Col
lege.
His farm life ended then, but like
the twenty-one Presidents who pre
ceded him, Benjamin Harrison was
country boy of the most unqualified
sort.
Editor Pulitzer sailed up the coast
the other day on his yacht, the Liber
ty, and now he is sailing down the
coast again, after having taken on a
full cargo of reporters and experts
from his New York newspaper office.
He is going to Panama to investigate
the canal and the purchase of it. The
statement is made that he and his ex
perts and writers will be there at
the same time that President-elect
Taft makes his visit. There ought to
be some interesting stories forth
coming.—Griffin News.
AN URGENT CASE.
Tramp—“Plase, mum, can’t you
help a poor man wid a large family,
mum| Me wife an’ children are
starvin’, mum.”
Benevolent Lady—“ Good gracious!
I’ll go to see them at once.”
Tramp—“lf you’d please give me
ten cents, mum, I’d—”
Benevolent Lady—“ Take me to
them, quickly. There is not a minute
to lose. My! My! Where are
they?”
Tramp—“ Please, mum, it’s too far
to walk. They’re—they’re in the old
country, mum.”—N. Y. Weekly.
Gbe 3tffersonian
...mn.wnv STANDARD MACHINEFLY
AMERICAN MACHINERY ' Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
vinmmi i Mil!g> Feed MiUg , Corn and Flour Mills> Wood
10 cniiTH mdcvth wbbvt Saws, Pumps. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En-
♦y 3UUTH FUKaYTn bTKiJBT gjnes. Don’t buy until you get our prices and
4TT4MT4 catalog. We sell everything in Machinery and
ATLANTA, it GEORGIA priceg right
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver—lndigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generation* have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medtciaai preparations. This remedy ia, there
fore, the result of the continuous and heat study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action Is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of tbe simply laxative
remedies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of Its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here is what the Hon. Thoa. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. 1 was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 80, 1908.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.
American Cotton and Business University
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
COTTON : We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight in 30 days how
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
in any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. . All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap.
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education. Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies.
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING: Under three expert Telegraphers and
Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. Write for catalogue at once and state
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL,
* Associate Presidents.
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia