Cl)e Jeffersonian
[Volume Six
Number Twenty-Seven J
N DOING th(Ar mission work, the
Catholics make the field support the
work. You do not see the American
Catholics sending millions of dollars
[J
—j
out of this country to feed, clothe, educate
and subsidize the people of foreign lands.
You won’t find American Catholics contrib
uting money to send music teachers, school
teachers, doctors and surgeons to Africa to
teach the fuzzy-wuzzies arithmetic, history,
grammar, English, physiology, rhetoric, mu
sic, farming, and gymnastics; and to supply
the sick niggers with medicine, medical treat
ment and surgical skill.
No, indeed. The Catholics are far wiser
than that. The papal missionaries live off
the people among whom they work —not off
the home-church. Catholic institutions in
heathendom are not supported by European
Catholics. They are maintained by the “con
verts” —w T ho, in some cases, were drawn into
the church by the tempting offers of exemp
tion from taxation which the priests managed
to wring from the heathen rulers.
But we Protestants of America have made
the fatal mistake of neglecting the home
folks. With the crv of “The world for
Christ”. WE HAVE LOST THAT PART
OF THE WORLD WHICH IS MOST IM
PORTANT TO CIVILIZATION. AND
IN WHICH A VICTORY FOR CHRIST
WOULD HAVE BEEN OF INFINITELY
GREATER VALUE AND GLORY THAN
THE CONVERSION XJF A HUNDRED
COREAS, JAPANS AND CHINAS.
A couple of years ago, the Papa at Rome
formally announced that the United States
no longer constituted “a missionary country”.
Few paid any attention to this announce
ment; and yet, it was profoundly significant.
One of its meanings was, that the Pope con
sidered himself and his cast imposture as
much at home, in this country, as in France,
Spain, Portugal and Italy. In short, THAT
THE UNITED STATES WERE WON
TO ROMAN CATHOLICISM.
Another meaning of the announcement was,
that the Inquisition is set up in America.
Nobody made any outcry. The secular
press was silent. It dares not offend the Ro
man hierarch v.
The sectarian press was mum. It writhes
with such a chronic case of bellyache over
the heathen, that it is nearsighted as to what
is happening at home. Besides, the Cath
olics have hoodooed our Protestant preachers
by suave and mollifying pleadings for “har
mony”, and toleration —the Protestants fur
nishing all the toleration.
So things rocked along. The Roman hier
archy wheedled the good-natured Taft out of
$7,000,000, to which they were not justly en
titled; and the Republicans gave them an ap
propriation of money every time that Con
gress assembled.
One good turn deserves another, and the
Catholics made Mr. Taft President. The
gratitude in the case was of the kind that has
a lively expectation of future favors. A very
great and permanently valuable favor, the
artful, far-seeing politicians of the Roman
The United States a Papal Fief
A Weekly Paper Edited by TH OS. E. JVA TSON and J. D. JVA TSON
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, December 16, 1909
Church got from President Taft, on Thanks
giving Day.
Cardinal. James Gibbons (whom I some
times call John, forgetting that he is named
Jim,) and all the high and mighty princes
of the Church had arrogated to themselves
the exclusive right of instituting a pan-Amer
ican Thanksgiving celebration. That is to
say, every different country of North and
South America was to unite in honoring and
celebrating the Day.
There can be no objection to a ceremonial
of that kind, but why did the Roman hier
archy arrogate to itself a function which all
the Christian churches should have shared?
President Taft, the Cabinet, and the high
est officers of our Government were all there,
in imposing array, TO GIVE THE GOR
GEOUS CEREMONIAL AN OFFICIAL
CHARACTER. Throughout the world, the
impression will be made that Church and
State have drawn together in America: ami
that it is the Catholic hierarchy which rules
in the United States, as in South America.
That was exactly what the Cardinal, Bish
ops, etc., were scheming for. President Taft
is singularly obtuse, if he did not know it.
Soberly, sorrowfully, apprehensively. I re
gard the triumphant plot of Cardinal Gib
bons and his Bishops as longest stride that
Roman Catholleism has yet made in this
country.
Protestants! Your Government is in the
control of Rome. Your White House is little
more than a Vatican annex.
This state of affairs threatens you with a.
clerical domination which has been the curse
of every country where it held sway. It could
never have been brought about had we Prot
estants not got “heathen” on the brain, and
allowed the Catholics to slip up on us.
An Open Letter to President
Charles S. Barrett
SECOND call.
OUR father believed in me —was one of
the warhorses in the .fighting days of
the People’s Party.
You yourself have fought for me,
E
when you were a boy. You have broken bread
with me; and you know the manner of man I
am, in private and in public.
On occasion, you have taken my advice,
and it never misled you. You have called on
me, in emergencies—and I never failed you.
Now listen to me, Charley Barrett ! Call
off this still-hunt of Duckworth’s. TIE IS
TRYING TO GAG THE LOCAL UN
IONS. He is having “explanations” made in
secret meetings, behind (dosed doors.
Those explanations are deliberate false
hoods.
The charges which T have openly made,
must be openly met. The Farmers’ Union
will be satisfied with nothing less. The meth
od which Duckworth has is the
method, of a, qwilty man.
INNOCENCE ' COURTS THE OPEN
INVESTIGATION.
We must have it, Charley. Appoint a Com-
mittee, and let it go to work, in the open.
Select such Farmers’ Union men as Rev. S. J.
Cowan, Hon. Fred D. Wimberly, J. J.
Brown. Maj. C. E. McGregor, and that stur
dy old Roman, McDaniel of Rockdale.
Let these men go 5 to Atlanta, or Macon,
and summon before them Duckworth, Lad
son and Bodenhamer, —with all the Union
City books and correspondence. Let this
Committee, openly and above board, investi
gate the charges which these three—Duck,
Bode and Ladson—are trying to explain
away, behind closed doors, where no one but
a Farmers’ Union member has a right to hear.
IT IS J CRISIS, MY FRIEND. AND
THERE IS BUT ONE ILA J’ TO MEET
IT.
The “silent contempt'' policy in a case like
this is a plea of “Guilty-'.
If these three men were innocent, they
would sue me for slander, or defend them
selves publicly.
The method which they have adopted, is
that of guilt—which makes cowards of them.
You, my friend, can not afford to have
things continue as they are.
Have a prompt, public investigation, or
the Union is gone.
Your friend, as ever,
Thus. E. Watson.
Fight That Central Bank and Let
the Greenbacks Alone!
ID YOU ever think seriously of the na
ture, functions and powers of Money?
If you did, you have as little pa
tience with Socialistic rot as we Green-
0
backers have.
When barter was the sole method of ex
change, there was no footing on this earth for
the “financier”. A coat was traded for a pair
of shoes, a sheep for a pig, a cow for several
goats—and that was the end of it. No Roths
child, Bleichroder, or Morgan sat behind the
bank counter and robbed the world.
But the system of barter was clumsy, and
mankind felt the necessity of something
which would measure values in exchange.
Necessity being the mother and father of
invention, Money was born. At first, it was
extremely crude and simple. Sea-shells,
beads, tobacco, peltry and other commodities
were used as money. Then silver and copper
came in vogue. Then gold. And from the
use of the precious metals, by weight, the
world progressed to the adoption of Stamped
Coins, of various denominations.
Not until this was done. did the -financier
come upon the stage, with his devilish, tricks.
Christ scourged the money-changers out of
the temple, didn't he? I wonder if you know
what those rascals were doing, in there. Un
der the law, the taxes had to be paid in a cer
tain kind of coin: and the money-changers
would gather up the available supply of this
coin, in advance; so that when payday came
with the less vigilant and far-sighted Jews,
the financiers had a monopoly of the money
of legal payment.
The consequence was, that the hoarders of
(continued on page twelve)
"e, Five Cents