PAGE SIX
TA K. 77E 1(5 ’ UNION DEPARTMENT
DEVELOPING OUR WATERWAYS.
Turning aside from the warring l political
factions, however, let us glance at some pub
lic questions not in politics proper, but of no
less importance than the 11 burning issues”
of the party platforms. It was only last week
that we looked abroad for evidence of a great
moral awakening that seems to include in its
'mighty sweep all races of men and all conti
nents of the earth.
Turning to the subjects engaging attention
in our own country, one finds no affront to
this spirit of optimism. Os our improving
moral standards mention was made last week:
witness also, from an industrial and econ
omic standpoint, the large number of construc
tive movements now under consideration in
Congress. Their progress is slow, of course,
but though slow, it is sure. It was only the
other day for example that President Roose
velt sent a most striking message to Congress
upon the subject of inland waterways, plead
ing for some broad and comprehensive policy
in handling and developing these neglected ar
teries of commercial life. “In extent, dis
tribution, navigability, and ease of use,” said
the President, “they stand first. Yet the riv
ers of no other civilized country are so poorly
developed, so little used or play so small a
part in the industrial life of the Nation as
those of the United States.” This subject,
too, is one of great importance to fanners as a
class. The money heretofore spent for river
and harbor improvement has been of most di
rect benefit to the cities, while the develop
ment of our inland waterways should be of
most direct benefit to our farming interests.
This would mean easier and cheaper trans
portation, better sanitary conditions in many
sections, and best of all, there would be some
policy by which the present disastrous over
flows and land-washing would be checked. —
Progressive Farmer.
FROM NATIONAL CO-OPERATOR.
The Southern soldiers who came home at
the end of the war, were in rags and tatters
and but half shod. The horses and mules,
but few in number, they had were old and
poor. Their farm tools were rusty, broken
and rotten. Their food supplies were scant
and coarse but these things did not daunt
them. With what they had they went to work
and made a crop. The obstacles were numer
ous and hard to overcome, but they overcame
them. They never got scared during the
whole four years of war, and their poverty
they looked square in the face and worked on
ly the harder. You cotton raisers of the
South today are the same breed of people as
these. The blood of these men runs in your
veins, and do you not know that blood will
tell? You can do what your sires—your fath
ers and your mothers did. You can wear old
clothes, live on poor, hard fare and work ear
ly and late, just as they did, and win out in
the end, as they did, for the most of our well
to-do cotton farmers are these same men y<*t
living, or their sons for whom they toiled and
accumulated and left a heritage of prosperity
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
as well as the more priceless heritage of their
courage, their fortitude and their industry.
Be men, as your fathers were. Be true to the
brave-hearted, fearless, good, tireless mothe-.s
who bore and nurtured you, and win back
your birthrights of freedom from poverty and
the dictation of others, no matter what the
privations, toil and sacrifices the effort may
entail upon you. Lift up the dear old land to
the level of genuine prosperity and out of the
grasp of the foreign spinner!
NORTH AND SOUTH UNITED.
The two sections of our 1 great country, the
north and the south, that once were hostile to
ward each other, have become united not only
politically, but also in business matters.
The Farmers’ Union has done and is still
doing a great deal to cement the farmers of
the two sections together in brotherly love.
The union was started on very similat lines
some years ago in both Illinois and Texas. It
was organized in Illinois in the spring of 1900
and in Texas in the tutumn of 1902. But the
southern division of the union greatly outgrew
the northern division. It was conceded, in
due time, that as the objects of the two di
visions were practically the same, they ought
to be consolidated. And, as the southern di
vision was already many times larger and
stronger than the northern, the members of
the northern division, very wisely agreed to be
merged into the southern division, namely, the
F. E. and C. U. of A. Hence, that order, and
that name now constitute the whole thing.
The farmers of the south and those of the
north are now firmly united in the Farmers’
Educational and Co-operative Union of Amer
ica, which is by far the largest and best or
ganization of farmers that has ever existed in
the United States.
It is very natural and right that the feel
ing of fraternalism between the two sections
of the country should be cultivated through
the union papers. There are many excellent
papers in the south published in the interests
of the Farmers’ Union. The principal one
of these is the National Co-operator published
at Dallas, Texas, the sthte in which the F.
E. and C. U. of A. was first organized. It
is more national in its nature and in the ex
tent of its circulation than any other, and
is a great inspirer of unionism. While in the
northern states so far as we know, there is
only one paper devoted specifically to the in
terests of the same order. This paper is the
Union Farmer, published at De Soto, 111.,
within two miles and a half of the place where
the northern division of the union was or
ganized, and is edited on the farm, by a prac
tical farmer, the same man who furnished the
outline plan of the F. S. and E. U. which was
the beginning of the union in the northern
states.
Now, it is very natural and right that the
National Co-operator and the Union Farmer
should work hand and hand, which they are
doing.
As has been said by an earnest worker in
Indiana, “They take well together and they
work well together,”
Give them a trial and be convinced. —Union
Farmer.
EUROPE’S REVENUE FROM AMERICAN
TOURISTS.
The wealth of “Ormus or of Ind” is not
nowadays to be compared with that of Ameri
ca, at least in European • eyes. Fortunately
for Europe, declares the Nuova Antologia
(Rome), Americans are a nation of travelers,
and careful calculations have been made of
the lavish manner in which their traveling ex
penses, or rather expenditures, contribute to
the revenues of the lands they visit. As lux
urious livers, fastidious travelers, and gener
ous patrons of art the Americans are neri
door to idolized by “mine host,” by railway
and steamship companies, and by the picture
dealers of Europe. The Antologia begins its
somewhat scientific discussion of this condition
of things in the following terms:
“On the basis of keen and scrupulous cal
culations it has been stated that the yearly
sum of cash which pours into Europe from
American tourists’ pockets amounts to some
750,000,000 liras ($150,000,000). This of
course includes the money spent in the acqui
sition of works of art. It is known, for in
stance, that J. Pierpont Morgan has spent in
Europe 50,000,000 liras $10,000,000) on his
own great collection of art objects and pic
tures. ’ ’
The grounds on which these results are ar
rived at are summarized in the following de
tails :
“The number of Americans in Europe have
varied during the past year (1907) from 125,-
000 to 150,000. The passengers who left New
York for Europe between January and Octo
ber of last year were 83,500 in the first-class
and 85,000 in the second-class cabins. The ex
penses of each of those bound on a pleasure
trip might oscillate between S4OO and SSOO.
Those who took an automobile trip in Europe
would spend between $2,500 and $3,000. This
will give an idea of the enormous amount of
wealth which day by day is distributed in Eu
rope by citizens of the United States. It is
calculated, for instance, that American tour
ists annually disburse in Switzerland alone
what amounts to $lO for every inhabitant of
that country.”
The banks of Europe find their business
enormously swelled by the American invasion.
On this point we read:
“The European banks which have accounts,
through letters of credit, with the wealthy
American travelers declare such individual ac
counts usually involve drafts aggregating
$3,000 each for a few months. In some in
stances the figure rises to $20,000,40 $50,000,
and, in rarer cases, to SIOO,OOO. Elisha Flagg,
the London general agent of the American Ex
press Company, states that American travelers
carry to Europe each year credits amounting
to $100,000,000, although their drafts are not
usually made to the full extent of their cred
its.”
The writer in the Nuova Antologia quotes