PAGE FOURTEEN
Why does Lee officially indorse the Imple
ment Company, and assure the “boys” that,
so long as Duckworth controls it, things will
be O. KJ
1 have those letters. The “sleepless nights”
bo.de no good to the Farmers’ Union. The
first thing the organization knows, it will be
in the toils.
John Lee is a great long, gawky, conceited,
simlin-headed simpleton. Anybody can look
at that cranium of his and see that there is
no room for brains in it. He is the mere tool
of Duckworth; who, in turn, is the pliant in
strument of Ladson, the bank-wrecker.
Say, “boys”, does John Lee look like a man
who doesn’t sleep? Is his mug “sicklied over
w’ith the pale cast of thought” ?
Does Bode look like a picture of anxious
premeditation ? Does he appear to be victim
ized by insomnia—haunted by the troubles of
the farmer?
Does Duck seem to be a care-worn, hol
low-cheeked, grief-burdened person, who can
not even doze and cat-nap of nights, on ac
count of the spinner and grower being so far
apart?
My, my! MY!!!
Those Union City fellows take the Georgia
farmers to be fools!
“The little bunch” had better step down
and out. Our people are getting sick and
tired of them.
P. S. —Say, John, what was it, at the Macon
Convention, which caused the South Carolina
warehouse director to get disgusted, and leave,
without making the speech that he was billed
for? Do tell us, John.
J. D. Watson s Notes
Save your goober hulls, for they have a
market value, provided you know how to get
them on the market.
* * * *
You have noticed that on packages of cer
tain kinds, such as canned goods and bread
stuffs, or breakfast foods, the words, “guaran
teed under the pure food law,” which means
that a well-paid Government inspector is sup
posed to have inspected the contents and put
his O. K. upon the same.
11 I CTfiilC MR. FARMER
ITIIILO I *“*' sb tomato, xr tobacco.
gSS Sweet Potato, Onion Slips, Etc.
CURED! ■ W you ought to get the best there is.
MWEm is the one that puts the plantdown
*" F ,> I SaF f-’TI to its p oper depth and gives It half
£»<afl a m. Mt, Eu- _E & f«¥s w a tea cup of water or liquid fertilizer
■ T g IWpr f right at the root and then scoops
M 9151 W« riSßt : A the dirt up around the plant, all
e done at the one operation, Without
023rbOniSt, WIf day for •particulars? 0
14, ~ tt County Agency to First Purchaser
wnw ror rHxE booklet. W masters planter co.
r 168 So. Water St., Chicago, 111.
A WATSON KNIFE FREE
Send us five trial three-months subscriptions to The Jeffersonian at
Twenty-five cents each, and we will send you our Watson knife
free. Use this coupon. Write plainly.
NAME POST-OFFICE R.F.D. STATE
Sender.
Post-Office.
Mail this, with $1.25, to The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
3effersonU&n.
We know how a lot of fat, well-paid Gov
ernment inspectors usually do their work.
* * * *
The other day there was a wreck on one of
the railroads entering Chicago, and some of
the cars were dreadfully smashed up. Several
of these were loaded with peanut shells.
To see several carloads of peanut shells
scattered over the ground naturally aroused
the curiosity of those w T ho visited the scene,
and, as there is always one among the curious
who must have his curiosity satisfied, it was
discovered that the peanut shells were con
signed to a manufacturer of a certain brand
of “breakfast food,” who was using them in
the manufacture of his product.
* * * *
This doesn’t interest the countryman, ex
cepting as to the moral, showing how careful
our Government inspectors are watching to
see that we get nothing impure in our stom
achs.
It is rather a good joke on the city man to
have him eaf “goober” hulls, while he thinks
he is eating a “breakfast food” to build up
his brain and body.
But if the Government inspectors let “goo
ber” hulls get into the city man’s “breakfast
food,” what do they let get into our canned
meats, or what kind of meat do they allow
the packers to butcher and ship to us com
mon people?
* * * *
It looks as if the fight in Congress between
the Insurgent Republicans and the Aldrich-
Cannon gang will be to the death, and the
people may be the gainers.
Cannon and Aldrich, for the first time in
their political careers, have run up against
strong, active, young men, whom they can
neither bluff, bulldoze nor persuade into do
ing what is wrong and against the people.
Cannon has read the insurgent Congress
men out of the Republican party, and Aldrich
has ordered Taft to cut off the patronage of
Senators Cummins and La Follette, but all
in vain. Cummins and La Follette are both
young and strong, and they are both fighters.
Besides this, they come from a section which
CLEVELAND’S BIG BOLL COTTONSEED. Best Cotton in the South. Price,
bushel $1.25, 5 bushel lots $1.15 bushel, 10 bushel lots and •▼er SI.OO
bushel.
COOK’S IMPROVED BIG BOLL, SCHLEY, KING’S EARLY, RUS SULL BIG
BOLL, nnd TATUM’S IMPROVED BIG BOLL at same price.
BROADWELL’S DOUBLE-JOINTED, $1.50 bushel, 5 bushel lots $1.55 bushel,
10 bushels and over $1.25 bushel. BROWN’S NO. 1 at same price.
MORTGAGE LIFTER, CULPEPPER and CHRISTOPHER, SI.OO bushel, 10
bushels, DO cents bushel.
SANDERS’ IMPROVED and MARLBORO SEED CORN, $2.00 bushel, 76 cents
peck.
LOT EXTRA FINE BURT OATS, SI.OO bushel.
REGISTERED COLLIE DOGS of finest breeding. Prices to suit all.
R. D. TATUM, Fairview Farm, Palmetto, Ga.
l__ I I I I
80 CENTS FOR 20 NAMES
Send me 20 cents and names and postoffices of 20 farmers and I’ll
send you for two years the Illinois Farmer, big semi-monthly (big
Women’s, Fashions and Children’s departments). Regular subscrip
tion price 50 cents a year.
JOHN M. STAHL, PUBLISHER, 1 J. P. Sta., Chicago, IBs.
... .
[foreign missions EXPOSED I
g By Thos. E. Watson I
I A handsome book of one hundred pages. Price, I
I 25 cents. Premium for one new subscription to I
I Watson's Magazine or The Jeffersonian at SI.OO I
! THE JEFFERSONIANS THOMSON, GEORGIA J
the Aldrich tariff robs, as it does the farmers
of the South.
Take this combination and it is hard to
beat. Good leaders, and the leaders’ con
stituents standing up to them, will finally
whip the Taft-Aldrich-Cannon combination,
and you mark my prediction.
Every section of the country, excepting
New England, is sick and tired of the Can
non-Aldrich gang; but the other sections lack
the leaders in Congress that lowa and Wis
consin have; therefore, you do not hear the
other sections’ protests.
But the same sentiment is among the peo
ple.
* * * *
With the insurgents fighting the old rascals,
the people are apt to learn more about what
is going on in Congress than they have
knowm since the early nineties.
When the people begin to wake up and get
busy, it is look out Messrs. Taft, Aldrich and
Cannon.
We have been robbed to the limit, and we
can stand no more.
The movement for reform is coming so
strong that it will be impossible to check it,
and the reform will be radical.
* * * *
At last J. Pierpont Morgan, alone, is the
money king of this country.
By the merging of three big Trusts into
one, with a capital of $200,000,000, he be
comes the Czar of our money world.
But the most alarming part of the merger
is this:
It has been under consideration for some
time, but before the final merger was made
Morgan boarded the train, went to Wash
ington and held a conference with President
Taft.
What does this mean? Does it mean that
w T e will have another issue of Government
bonds, and that the bonds are to be sold to
Morgan’s concern?
Wall Street gossip puts it that way, and
Wall Street gossip also puts it that Morgan
will make two million dollars on the deal!