PAGE FOURTEEN
Our Post-Card Club
By Daddy Jim
In awarding the prizes this week
we have considered the age of the
children. A letter over which a child
of eight or nine has taken evident
pains to get it right and clean and
properly spelled is worth more than
a. brighter bnl more careless letter
from one a few years older. Having
this in mind, the best letters were
from children, eight, nine and eleven
years old.
First Prize for Girls.
Jewel Smith, Elgin, Texas: 4< l am
a little girl, just eight years old.
I’m in the third grade. I like to
study. Papa takes your magazine and
weekly paper. We like them best of
all the papers we take. I would like
very much to get the ring or post
cards.”
Second Prize for Girls.
Kathleen Grogan, Route 11, Elber
ton, Ga. (aged-10): “I am a regu
lar little country girl. We live on a
big farm, three miles from school, but
we drive our horse, Joe, and have
lots of fun. We have fixed over our
school-house, and built a new room
for the assistant, who teaches the lit
tle children.”
First Prize for Boys.
Hansell Baggett, Powder Springs,
Ga. (aged 11): “Papa takes your
magazine and paper. They are fine.
1 like best for Mamma to read them
to me. I go to school and cut wood
after school. I picked cotton last fall
on Saturdays, and bought my clothes
and shoes, and paid for my paper —
The Youth’s Companion.” He adds,
on a separate page, “I am a boy—
glad I am.”
Second Prize for Boys.
Roy Riley, R. F. D. G, Madison,
Mo.: “I want a word or two in your
pages, to look at. I am a little boy,
eleven years old, and can read and
write, like all other Pops. lam going
to beat my grandpa voting when 1
get old enough. He voted Democratic,
until he learned better.”
A Little Girl’s Pet.
“Dear Daddy Jim: I’m a little
girl ten years old. Say, I’ve got the
cutest pet you ever heard of. It’s a
quail, ft eats and drinks from my
hands. I can put a pile of sand down,
and it will wallow like a chicken.
Your little friend, Fannie Lee Morris,
Route 10, Carrollton, Ga.” That’s a
bright little letter but you made some
mistakes in spelling.
Two Texas Girls.
Nell M. Maddux, 12 years old, San
to, Texas, writes about the prairie
dogs and jack rabbits, and Letha
Sheehan, 14 years old, Tolbert, Texas,
says she is going to celebrate Wash
ington’s birthday. Both letters are
good, but seem to have been written
in a hurry, as the spelling is weak.
No Race Suicide.
Glenice Wood, Warrenton, Ga.,
writes: “I am a little girl, eight
years old; weigh sixty pounds. I have
four brothers, and they have eight sis
ters apiece. They are all living. What
a large family! I am Mamma’s baby.
1 am going to school and learning
fast.” Try again, Glenice. You came
very near the mark.
A Happy Letter.
“I’m a little girl, nine years old,
and I hope you’ll appreciate this let-
ter. I’m going to school; have a big
time in general. I pet the kitties and
rabbits, and ride in the automobile
with papa, and I get the most cakes.
Myrtice Allen, Hoschton, Ga.”
Boy or Girl?
Here is another letter from a little
friend, who leaves us in doubt: “My
pet calf, Annie, is as frisky as ever,
and this morning when I carried her
some slop, she kicked up her heels at
me! My poor, sweet little pig is sick.
Frankie Rehwinkel, Rehwinkel, Fla.”
The letter is very nicely written, but
does not give age or sex.
, This Boy Has Wisdom.
“I am a boy 15 years old. I never
went to school very much, but intend
to go until I get an education. Then
I will have something those big fel
lows you write about can’t steal. John
Quincy Woosley, Route 2, Caneyville,
Ky.”
Jim, The Calf.
Two little boys, one ten and one
twelve, write from Sharon, Ga. Der
rell Harper says he walks two miles
to school, and he can plow a goat.
Alva Harper, the smaller one, says:
“Dear Daddy Jim: You told me to
come along in my jeans, so here I
am, riding a little white calf. You
ought to see what fun we have. He
throws me, sometimes. His name is
Jim.” Both letters are well written,
but not quite good enough. Try
again.
Votes for the Best Man.
Roy Martin, Waco, Ga.: “I am 12
years old. My father belongs to no
political party. He simply votes for
the best man in his judgment. He
believes Tom Watson to be an honest'
man, and voted for him last year.”
Roy wrote in such a hurry that he
left out one or two words, which we
have supplied. Take your time, boys.
Just Like a Boy.
“Papa gave me a dollar to spend as
I pleased at -Christmas, so I thought
I would buy ten-cent presents with it,
as old Santy was still coming*. Oh
my! The presents! How happy I was
going to make the loved ones. Alas,
for all my air-castles —I saw an air
gun. Tim Haulbrook, Route 4, Cal
houn, Ga. ” Tim, you’ll notice that
we have changed the spelling a little.
The Right Sort of Boy.
Paul N. Black, Monitor, W. Va.:
“I was just eight years old when my
mother died, and I was helpless and
did not have anywhere to go. My
grandmother and grandftther raised
me. Now, when they get helpless, I
am going to stay and help them get
along.” If you had only said how
old you were, Paul, this letter would
have probably won the prize.
Honorable Mention.
Out of the -hundreds of letters re
ceived, many were excellent —bright,
happy and well written —but alway’s
there was some defect to mar them,
a word misspelled, or a word left out,
mostly through carelessness. Read
your letters over before you send
them off. The following were among
the best —
Fred Thomas Bridges, Gainesville,
Ga.
Ashley McLeod, Remerton, Ga.
Rufus S. Sivels, Chipley, Ga.
T. W. Webb, Swainsboro, Ga.
(Continued on Page Fifteen.)
3effcrsonian
I STANDARD MACHINERY
AMERICAN MACHINERY ’Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
A Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
40 cntiTH FORSYTH STREET Saws » Purn P s - Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En-
49 SOUTH FOKSYTH STKtti gines Don’t buy until you get our prices and
ATLANTA. GEORGIA ca J alo S- Resell everything in Machinery and
prices right.
Power that Pays
For itself
There is a long line of machines that save labor and make money for the
■ farmer. But you are not operating them to the best advantage if you do ■
not have a reliable power.
Cream separators, feed cutters, corn shelters and wood saws are valuable
machines for the farm, but no one of them is complete in itself. Each ■
■ requires a power to operate it. ■
Here is the great advantage, of having one of the simple, powerful,
dependable I. H. C. gasoline engines on the farm.
An I, H. C. engine is not a machine for just one duty, like a churn or a
pump. It is a machine of many duties. It enables you to operate all
K other machines to best advantage? —
Its duties extend all through the year and it is used almost every day ■
in the year.
There is.corn to shell, feed to cut, water to pump, wood to saw and many ■
other jobs, all of which you cannot do profitably by hand.
You must have power of some kind. An I. H. C. engine saves you a I
world of turning and lifting by hand, and because it is so well adapted to
so many uses, you will find it a great improvement on old fashioned tread
mills, horse power, etc.
It costs but a few cents a day to operate an I.H.C. engine. Many times ■
it saves the wages of a man, and in some work the wages of a number of ■
■ men. Estimate what itcosts you for extra help at SI.OO to $2.00 per day
because you have no power, and you will see how rapidly an I. H. C.
engine pays for itself.
Besides, these engines do work that you cannot do at all by hand —run-
ning the cutter, shredder, threshing machine, etc.
I. H. C. engines are strong, simple and easy to understand. W.e know the de
sign to be of the best, and we know that every detail of construction is correct. ■
This is proved to our own satisfaction by giving every engine a thorough working
test before it leaves the Works. This guarantees that the engine comes to you
■ in perfect working condition, and you have a right to expect many years of
■ efficient service from it.
I. H. C. gasoline engines are designed to utilize the greatest amount of power ■
from the fuel consumed. Every line of the engine is symmetrical. It looks sub- ■
stantial and is substantial without being clumsy or too heavy.
The I. H. C. Line
I. H. C. Vertical Engines— made in 2, 3 and 25-horse-power
Horizontal (portable and stationary) in 4,6, 8.10,12,15 and 20-horse-power
Gasoline Tractors— in 12,15 and 20-horse-power
Famous Air-Cooled Engines— in 1 and 2-horse-power
Pumping, Spraying and Sawing outfits in various styles and sizes. ■
Call on the International local agent, inspect these engines and secure catalogues and
full particulars, or write direct to us. ■
International Harvester Company of America, Chicago, U. S. A.
(Incorporated)
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Premium for 6 subscribers $3.50
Napoleon Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South Premium for 3 subscribers 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics. Premium for 2 subscribers 1.00
Sketches from Roman History. Premium for 1 subscriber 50
Waterloo, just published Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We waiteh the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening .... 0 God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.” *
Handsome letterpress-and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Go.