be able to see what our Gold Standard
patriots did for us in 1907.
Good in Europe? Os course they’re
good in Europe.
Clearing House Certificates are good
anywhere—why not?
Ain’t they “Sound”? ain’t they “Hon
est”? can’t each of them conform to that
famous, if impious, oratorical requirement
of the Sound Money brethren? Can’t
each of these soap-wrapper dollars say,
“I know that my Redeemer liveth”?
Good in Europe? Sure. Why not?
A London dealer who wouldn’t snatch
at one of the Hawkinsville meal-tickets
couldn’t be in his right mind.
Compared to the currency with which
the Gold Standard gang have deluged
the country, pop-skull whiskey is a di
vine beverage.
Drunk, blind drunk—the business
world is reeling from the effects of the
vile stuff which the national bankers have
poured down its throat.
Ah, what a “bust-head” there will be
“next morning”!
The worst is yet to come.
The fight between the business world
and the plain people, on the one hand,
and the Gold Standard national bankers,
on the other, has just begun.
We pray heaven that we have another
Andrew Jackson in the White House.
If so —God! what a glorious battle we
are going to have.
We can whip them, Mr. President!
GIVE THE WORD, THE WHOLE
COUNTRY IS EAGER FOR THE
FRAY.
The silk hat rascals of New York need
punishment; let’s give it to them, and
smash their hateful and ruinous tyran
v v £ * *
What the National Hankers Did.
They took in practically all the money
of the Government, and refused to let the
Government draw it out.
Under the law of “Reserves,” they gut
ted thousands of other banks, got all the
money in New York, and refused to turn
it loose.
They loaned nearly every dollar of the
depositors’ money to Wall street specu
lators and the depositor could not get his
own money when he wanted it.
They were already drawing interest
twice on the same money invested in the
bonds, and were drawing this interest in
advance, and lending that out, also; they
had multiplied bank paper until it was
ten times in excess of their investment;
but even this was not enough. So they
issued Clearing House Certificates, in vi
olation of law, and millions of this soap
wrapper currency is in circulation, mak
ing more interest for the favored few
who rule the financial world. This soap
wrapper money is based upon bad debts,
broken faith, and pure brass. They not
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
only refused to pay their depositors, but held on his way as brave Ben Tillman
they turned down the drafts drawn by did in South Carolina, and has compell
disbursing officers of the Government, ed the violators of the Sunday laws to
drawn on sums standing to their credit close their saloons as the statute directs.”
in the banks. tg n h
Then when the Government issued . 11
Panama Bonds, and 3 per cent Treasury National Banks.
notes, the same rascally bankers, simply Briefly stated, the National Banking
credited the Government for the amount System, as created by the law of 1864,
and never paid out a dollar. is this: Any five citizens having surplus
Thus, without the investment of any- cash to the extent, of $50,000 can open up
thing more than a drop of ink, these fa- a national bank by purchasing United
vored few will pocket about $40,000,000 States bonds to the extent of $50,000. The
of the money of the taxpayers. bonds having been purchased, they are
In what way was the benefited by deposited with the Government, which
that transaction? undertakes to keep them safely in vaults
What good does it do the people to constructed at public expense for that
have another entry of credit on the books purpose. The taxpayers of the country
of these rascals, who already have $250,- not only pay for the place in which the
000,000 of the tax-fund, to use in their bonds are kept, but they also pay the
business, free of interest? salaries of the custodians of these bonds.
The actual fact is that these Wall street U P on this sist Y thousand dollars’ worth of
bankers simply got another big mortgage bonds the Government pays to the own
on the national treasury without having ers thereof the interest stipulated in the
to pay one single dollar for it. face the bond, and this interest is near-
Self-government is a failure, where such always paid in advance, so that the
shocking conditions are allowed to per- bondholder may lend out his interest and
petuate themselves get interest upon interest, before the origi-
Yet Mr. Hearst ain’t a-saying a word amount which the Government owed
against the national banking system, and him as interest fell due.
Mr. Bryan suggests that we strengthen it The Government also prints, at the ex
bv giving it a governmental guarantee! P ense of the taxpayers, $50,000 in paper
" A mad world, my masters. currency, called national bank-notes, and
- ’ hands these notes over to the owners of
the bonds, which have been deposited
What Watson Said of Roosebelt in in the manner specified. The Government
1895. charges the bondholders one-half of 1
per cent per annum for the use of this
_ln 1895, Mr. Roosevelt was Police $ 5O)OOO i n currency.
Commissioner in New York. q'| ie citizens who own the bonds and
Mr. Watson was editing the People s w^o h ave decided to run a national bank
Party Paper in Georgia. . . lend ou f these notes to their fellow-citi-
Here is, what was said, editorially of zens> a t lawful interest—whatever that
Roosevelt s work, in the paper of Sep- may be—and this interest can be com
tember 6, 1895: pounded at regular intervals during the
“One fearless, brainy and honest man year. In the state of Georgia, for instance,
is worth his weight in gold to any neigh- the money which costs the national bank
borhood, any city, or any State. e r one-half of 1 per cent can be loaned
“Amid storms of ridicule and abuse the out for at least 8 per cent. In other words,
heroic preacher, Chas. H. Parkhurst, hunt- the money which the Government sup
ed Tammany rascality in New York into plies him with costs him $5 on the thou
its uttermost hiding places and showed it san d and he lends it out for SBO on the
up to the loathing and contempt of all de- thousand.
cent people. Never was the infamy of Besides this, the Government deposits
Democratic Bosses so completely expos- vvith the national banks huge sums which
ed. belong to the taxpayers, and these sums
“And now comes Theodore Roosevelt cos t the banks no interest whatever. At
and, taking up the work of Parkhurst present time the national banks have
where the latter left off, he has carried the use o f about $250,000,000 of the Gov
forward the reform work until the Whis- money, free of cost. This mon
key Dealers’ Association has fallen upon e y they lend to their customers at va
its knees and prayed for mercy. rious rates of interest, duly’ compounded •
“All honor to Theodore Roosevelt —as at stated intervals. This sum of $250,-
true a hero as Havelock or Bayard, or 000,000 of course, is paid into the treasury
Tancred. of the Government by the various tax-
“Amid the bitter opposition of the crim- payers. Therefore, the literal fact is that
inal elements of New York, amid the jeers the people who borrow this money from
and misrepresentations of the Democratic the national banks, and pay a high rate of
newspapers of New York, in spite of the interest to get it, are really borrowing
open and secret opposition of that prince their own money.
of knaves, David B. Hill, in spite of The Government guarantees the pay
threats against his life, Roosevelt steadily (Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE