PAGE FOUR
Summary of Events as They Happen
By TOM DOLANI
Poor Taft ! He’s the most up against it
old boy that has come under observation in a
•/
Taft Making
a “Stand-Pat’’
Bluff !
done by either House. But now that there
has been a clearance, in the nature of at least
an armed truce —the difficulties loom up even
greater. Does he, can he, really want any
work done?
There’s his Postal Savings Bank bill, which
he has seen introduced in the Senate. It is
going to raise Cain with some of the banking
interests that he is eager to placate. And
there is the Ballinger-Pinchot row going
along with Louis R. Glavis proving his points
so well that expert attorneys must be called
in to try, if possible, to tangle him up on a
cross examination. And the inquiry into the
reason for high prices CAN'T inquire—and
its embarrassed attempt to seem to investigate
is all to the bad for Taft.
Taking it all around, the G. O. P. is up to
its neck in difficulties of its own making.
It may get rid of Cannon—as a scape-goat,
but its entire organization is more nearly on
the verge of crumbling from its own weight
than ever before. Mr. Taft can not save the
party, and his frantic efforts to do so only
prove how desperate will be the “last stand’’
of the reactionaries.
* * * *
The public is one vast investigating body
into the cost of living, and each day brings
to light some new phase of oppression. Meat,
three years old, in the big cold-storage plants;
eggs kept for months—maybe years—until
the price could be arbitrarily controlled—are
but examples of the awful conditions.
sj: s■:
Somebody rises to wail over the increase in
suicides, homicides, insanity, infant mortali
ty, and general crimes! What would you
expect but those very results to flow from lack
of work, lack of shelter, food, clothing—the
increasing pinch of want? What we need
more than drastic legal procedure in criminal
cases, is simply a square deal for mankind.
Hungry and desperate men and women can't
be expected to uphold any law. where the
hunger and the desperation are the result of
laws aimed against them by a corrupt Con
gress.
The Postal Savings Bank bill has been in
troduced in the Senate, with fair prospects of
Postal Savings
Bank Bill.
up all the time of our precious Senators and
Representatives. It provides that “all post
offices of a class authorized to issue money or
ders and such others as the Postmaster-Gen
eral may designate, are declared to be postal
savings depository offices. That accounts may
be opened in any postal bank by any person
of the age of ten years or over and by married
women in their own names and free from any
control or interference by their husbands.
No person will be permitted to have more
than one account. An account can not be
opened for less than one dollar and no more
than SIOO can be deposited in any one calen
dar month. All deposits must be in multiples
of one dollar, but in order that smaller
amounts may be accumulated for deposit sav
ings cards will be issued and ten-cent postal
savings stamps sold. When these cards and
attached stamps show an investment of $1 or
multiples thereof they will be received as de
posits.
long time. So long as the
atmosphere was surcharged
with insurrection, he might
have been excused for a
failure to get any work
being passed at this ses
sion, if too much contro
versial hot-air of various
sorts is not allowed to take
Jeffersonian
“Deposits in postal savings banks will draw
two per cent, interest credited to the books
of depositors once in each year. No person
will be allowed to have a balance in a postal
bank in excess of SSOO exclusive of accumu
lated interest.
“Funds received by postal savings banks
are to be deposited in any solvent bank or
banks, subject to public supervision and ex
amination in the State or Territory and as
nearly as practicable in the immediate neigh
borhood in which the funds are received at a
rate of interest not less than two and one
fourth per cent. The deposits are to be dis
tributed among the local banks on the basis
of their capital and surplus, and the banks
may give indemnity bonds to insure the safe
ty and prompt repayment of deposits. At its
option any bank may deposit collateral se
curity subject to the approval of the board.
In the event that banks refuse to receive pos
tal deposits on the terms prescribed the funds
may be deposited with the Treasurer of the
United States.”
The mail is already beginning to be flooded
with letters containing blank petitions to
Congress protesting against the bill. The
source from which these letters emanate is as
yet a secret, but they are doubtless the work
of interested large National banks.
“Just for a handful of silver he left us,
Just for a riband to stick in his coat,
Found the one gift of which Fortune bereft us,
Lost all the others she let us devote’’’
The Lost
Leader.
well—and when Opportunity came his way
we saw it just as he did. Not the cold, hard,
unfeeling coin—but the chance to give, from
that big vantage point, to the world the truth
about his people, to plant the banner of the
South in the heart of Gotham and attune the
Northern ear to Dixieland. It was touching
when the tears of parting trickled over our
cheeks, and yet. seeing this Opportunity (not
the mercenary, sordid lucre) we echoed the
brave, self-abnegating renunciation, as a
mother might say to her patriot son: “Then.
GOT
And he went. Occasionally we hear from
him, faint echoes of his silver tintinnabula
tions in the commercialized, unchivalric land
of the Goths and Vandals. But where, Oh.
where, is Dixie? And when. Oh. when, doth
he champion the sacred Cause (not dirty
money) which called him hence? •
This late warble has all the soft, seductive
flow of language, the mellow, rippling music
of John Temple’s voice, the hopeless rivalry
whereof broke the mockingbird’s heart, but
Alas! How he has bumped the bumps!
“National Tradesmen on Merchant Marine.
“Today the National Board of Trade forges to
the front. Straight and clear from the shoulder
of the National Tradesmen comes the fine ar
raignment of the national folly and national apa
thy that have permitted and continue to tolerate
the decay of a Merchant Marine—right into the
ear of Congress thunders the demand for the
rescue of the carrying trade of the Republic from
the hands of aliens.
“In clear figures and in logical argument the
appeal is made for American ships and an Ameri
can flag over American products and foreign
products coming to and fro upon the seven seas.
Better still, a hard-headed and practical states
man of the East —H. C. Reynolds, of Scranton,
(let his name be writ) —boldly challenges the
militant and triumphant spirit of the conserva
tionists to a full and just recognition of the Ship
ping League.
“If the West and the Center are wild over con
servation, be it understood that the Eastern and
Western coasts are just as wild over merchant
ships.
“If the vast areas between the oceans are clam-
AMell, he was never a leader,
of course, and still, we liked
John Temple Graves pretty
oring for conservation to preserve and develop
their mighty resources, the seaports, and cities on
the ocean slopes are dependent upon more ships
to carry the trade in peace and, if necessary, to
protect the incalculable riches of the coast cities
in time of war.
“Therefore, that part of our country that de
mands conservation by the Government must help
that part of our country that demands a Merchant
Marine from the Government. If the West wants
votes for conservation it must be prepared to
give the East votes for ships.
“It’s a fair balance. It’s a just exchange.
“Great is the National Board of Trade.
“And H. C. Reynolds, of Scranton, is worthily
its Prophet.”
Pretty fierce dope for our nightingale, isn t
it?
Seems to be rather a case of Fite versus
Newman these days, and the former has at
last awakened to the fact that
Fite
“Fightin’.”
mined to set a new pace in
other cases involving the same sort of prin
ciples and conditions. This is all right, as a
“better late than never” proposition, but the
golden opportunity was long ago, when the
Federal authorities, under the direction of
Negro Rucker, proposed to send armed force
into Dade County, to over-ride its own Courts!
AVe know nothing of the domestic troubles
of the Tillmans, Jr., except from newspaper
The Tillman
Case.
week. Mr. Ben Tillman, from being proved
a common liar, has now stooped to pitchfork
his daughter-in-law, on behalf of the drunk
en son who has caused her so much trouble.
Two brutes, backed up by the archaic laws of
South Carolina, taking the babies from their
young mother doesn’t look good to any de
cent-minded man, and the snub conveyed to
the Senator was well deserved.
South Carolina is the State in which
“Thank God,” the Senator exclaimed, “we
have no divorce laws!” alleging as his reason
for kidnaping the babies (for literally it
amounts to that) that Mrs. Tillman, Jr.,
might go to another State, get a divorce, and
re-marry. He evidently admits she has good
grounds, in any State that granted divorces
at all. Incidentally, if Ben Tillman, para
site upon his father’s official position, isn’t
man enough to settle his own troubles, he
needs a good paternal kicking, anyhow.
When a man has children of his own, it is
about time he stopped the cry-baby act of go
ing to the old man for help to fight his matri
monial battles.
Such horrible, cruel laws as South Carolina
has, which give the father the supreme right
to dispose of the children, which afford to the
wife of a drunken brute no remedy, and
which as a correlary of such immoral condi
tions recognizes the legal right of the concu
bine to inherit property, are a dire stigma on
all that stands for civilization.
What liars we are! We rave and weep
over “mother love” and depend on it, and all
of us admit we owe about every good thing
in the world to its tender influence—and yet
when it comes to practical things, we degrade
it. A bunch of mutts calling themselves
judge and jury, solemnly decide that a moth
er is “unfit to take care of the child” she agon
ized to bring into the world, and which she
would give her life to save; and turn it over
to its revered father, who has about as much
true paternal feeling, in many cases, as a
Tom-cat.
And yet we tell the women that they have
all the rights and protection they need, and
he had been imposed upon in
the Stegall case, and is deter-
report, but we must thank
the South Carolina Legis.-
lature for the snub admin
istered Tillman, Sr., last