IB John Durham Watson’s Page H
One thing of interest to us all is the meet
ing of the North Georgia Conference which
is now in session in Atlanta.
As was expected, Asa G. Candler, the Coca-
Cola man, was one of the important speakers
to the Conference.
The Candlers are always the important
figures when a Methodist Conference is in
session.
Dr. G. A. Nunnally, of Newnan, was sent
by the Baptists to ask the Methodists to lend
their aid in stamping out near-beer.
By a peculiar coincidence Dr. Nunnally’s
address was delivered soon after Asa G.
Candler had addressed the Conference on an
other subject.
The union of Georgia Methodism with the
Baptists for the death of the near-beer saloon
was urged by Dr. Nunnally, who also prayed
that the Methodists join in fighting for a law
abolishing the near-beer license at the next
legislature.
Strange to say that Asa G. Candler, the
Coca-Cola man, should be followed by Dr.
Nunnally with an appeal for the doing away
with near-beer when Asa G. Candler is the
manufacturer of a drink that is more poison
ous than near-beer, —a drink that is sold in
every Prohibition town in Georgia, and
throughout the country:
A drink that is causing more nervous
wrecks today than any other one drink on the
market:
A drink that is robbing thousands of young
men, and young women of their health, mak
ing them slaves to the Coca-Cola habit and
in turn wrecking their lives.
Far be it from the writer to try to uphold
the near-beer dealer.
Near-beer means straight beer, the blind
tiger, and what goes with it.
Dr. Nunnally was right in asking the North
Georgia Conference to help stamp out the
near-beer saloons; but the Doctor should have
gone a little bit further than asking the Con
ference to use its influence toward prohibit
ing the sale of near-beer. The Doctor should
have also asked the Conference to give its
opinion of Coca-Cola.
Without much trouble, Dr. Nunnally could
have put before the North Georgia Confer
ence statistics that would have made it look
very bad for Mr. Asa G. Candler and his
hellish drink.
But Asa G. is a good brother; so he goes
unnoticed.
The Candler sky-scraper, which is one of
the sights of Atlanta, represents that amount
of money which Mr. Candler has collected
from his Coca-Cola victims.
No near-beer dealer has made one-tenth as
much off of his near-beer as Mr. Candler has
off of his cocaine-doped beverage.
In attacking near-beer dealers, Dr. Nun
nally strikes a popular chord; but wouldn’t
we all admire the Doctor’s courage a little bit
more, if he should put Coca-Cola in the same
class with the near-beer?
Just because Coca-Cola is made by one of
the faithful Methodist brethren, is it any rea
son why it should be exempt from condem
nation ?
Dr. Nunnally, you can obtain proof that
Coca-Cola is a damning drink, if you want
to. Now, Doctor, step forward, and save
thousands of young men and young women,
even if you do have to cut down the enormous
profits of the Coca-Cola Company of which
your esteemed brother, Mr. Asa G. Candler, is
the head.
* ❖ * *
One of the most horrible accidents which
have ever occurred in this country was that at
dje Hefftrsonlan
Cherry, 111., in which about 256 or more min
ers were entombed, and at this writing but
100 of them have been rescued.
That the accident was due to gross careless
ness there seems to be no doubt.
The electric light system was out of fix,
and instead of waiting for new material to
repair the break, the officials substituted open
torches for electric lights.
In this way it is supposed that a car of hay,
that was pushed too near an open torch,
caught fire and, in less time than it takes to
tell the facts, 256 men were doomed to a hor
rible death.
For the sake of saving a few dollars, this
mining company sacrified numbers of human
beings; instead of waiting for the lighting
apparatus to be fixed, they ran the risk of
substituting the dangerous torch.
Such cases of negligence should go to the
criminal courts, and the officials who are re
sponsible should be prosecuted vigorously.
A few convictions and sentences to impris
onment would soon put a stop to such ac
cidents.
* * * *
One of the most important decisions ren
dered by any court of late is that handed
down by the United States Court for the
Eastern district of Missouri.
This decision declares that the Standard
Oil Company is an illegal combination, oper
ating in restraint of trade, and orders its dis
solution.
This means that the case will go to the
United States Supreme Court for final set
tlement, and the Standard Oil Company may
finally win, but the decision of the Circuit
Court will certainly prove a jolt to the offi
cials of the Standard Oil Company.
The decision of the Circuit Court is so
plain and clear-cut that the lawyers for the
Standard Oil Company will have a hard time
picking out a flaw in it.
* * * *
The Supreme Court of lowa has decided
that the owner of a private business may re
fuse to serve food and drinks to negroes.
Os course, newspapers of a certain class are
bewailing this further curtailment of Cuf
fee’s ‘‘privileges”.
The first thing we know, the Booker Wash
ingtons will lose the precious privilege of
taking luncheon at the White House. On the
whole, Cuffee is decidedly losing ground.
* * * *
Senator Cullom says that if the negro vote
were eliminated, the Southern States would
go Republican. He is not far wrong. Our
bankers, manufacturers, lumber companies,
railroaders; etc., want the same sugar-teat
favoritism that the Republicans give to the
“Interests”.
Mr. Louis Post, of The Public, bemoans
the Cullom statement, and dismally admits
that the poor negro is about to cease to be a
political factor.
* * * *
I regret to relate, that so far as we have
seen, the Methodist Conference which met in
Atlanta made no provisions for the relief of
the great, great granddaughter of Charles
Wesley. She is living in destitute circum
stances in England.
* * * *
The negroes of Chicago have held an indig
nation meeting oyer the Cairo, Illinois, lynch
ing of the brute who raped and murdered
that luckless white girl. The indignant Chi
cago coons demand that the Cairo sheriff be
punished in the same manner that the United
States Supreme Court is punishing Sheriff
Shipp, of Tennessee.
The attempts to check the lynchings of
black ravishers, by jailing the sheriffs, will
prove about as effective as the efforts that
the Irish tenants used to make to scare the
non-resident English landlord, by shooting at
his local agent.
They might jug every sheriff in America,
without stopping a solitary lynching.
*
Indian Summer.
To the Editor of the Evening World:
In reply to the query regarding “Indian Sum
mer”, I beg leave to inclose the following extract
from the Milwaukee Sentinel; “After the au
tumn has been well started, and before the winter
storms begin,” says the head of the local Weath
er Bureau, “there generally comes, in this lati
tude, a period of dry w r eather with moderate tem
perature that has come to be called Indian Sum
mer. It isn’t bound to come like spring or win
ter. Some years long spells of fine -weather are
enjoyed. In other years we get but a few days of
Indian Summer. Scientists recognize no such sea
son.” So it is up to the poets of the present and
future to cut out all mention of Indian Summer or
be guilty of season faking.—T. M. W., in New
York Evening World.
Indian Summer is a season peculiar to
North America.
The way in which the season gets the name
Indian Summer dates back to our fore
fathers.
The Indians were in the habit of setting
fire to the Western prairies to burn off the
old grass so as to give the grass a chance to
spring up the following Spring.
The settlers of Western Pennsylvania and
Virginia knew this, therefore in the Fall of
the year when that season we call Indian
Summer, with the* tinted sky and hazy at
mosphere, set in, our forefathers believed
that the Indians were burning off the West
ern prairies.
The smoke from the burning grass causing
the haziness of the atmosphere and the fire
itself causing the red sky.
* * * *
BIG PASSENGER ENGINE.
Locomotive Recently Built by Baldwin Weighs
376,450 Pounds.
With a score of workmen clinging to its great
bulk and giving finishing touches, the largest pas
senger locomotive which the world has yet seen
stood recently on a track just outside of the Bald
win Locomotive Works, where it was built. The
men have named it “Gib.”
This huge locomotive weighs 376,450 pounds
without its tender. Both together, and in work
ing order, will weigh about 300 tons. It hp.s a
tractive power of 53,000 pounds, which compares
with 35,000 pounds for the largest passenger lo
comotive now in service. The tender is the largest
ever built, and has a capacity of 12,000 gallons of
water and 4,000 gallons of petroleum, which is
the fuel the locomotive will burn.
Over all, the locomotive and tender measure
105 feet. The wheel base of the locomotive it
self is just short of fifty-two feet. There are five
pairs of driving -wheels, seventy-three inches in
diameter, which work in two sets. The three pairs
in the rear set get their power from the high
pressure cylinders, twenty-four by twenty-eight
inches, while the forward set are driven by the
low pressure cylinders, thirty-eight by twenty
eight inches.
There is a great system area, the total heating
surface being 4,756 square feet. A feed-water
heater raises the water temperature to 300 de
grees before it goes into the boiler. Steam goes
through a super-heater before reaching the high
pressure cylinders, and, exhausted from them,
passes through a re-heater to the low-pressure
cylinders.
The boiler contains 294 tubes, nineteen feet
long and two and one-quarter inches in diameter.
In the feed-water heater are 314 tubes seven feet
long. This huge locomotive is for the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe Railway, and will be used
by it to haul passenger trains at express time over
mountain grades in Southern California and Ne
vada.—Philadelphia North American.
PAGE THIRTEEN