PAGE FOUR
TO THE DEMOCRATIC VOTERS OF
FLORIDA:
I sincerely thank those who voted for me
and supported my candidacy for Governor in
the last primary election. No one who does
not know as well as I do the unlimited re
sources and the unscrupulous methods of the
saloons and railroad interests which were
united in the vicious attacks upon my candi
dacy, can understand how sincerely I do ap
preciate the support given me.
The issue is now clearly and distinctly de
fined. I call on every right thinking man in
each and every precinct of Florida to give
dispassionate consideration to the methods and
influences arrayed against me.
Three great railroad corporations in Florida,
having no reason to believe that I would deal
otherwise than fairly and firmly between them
and the people, are openly and actively at
work for the election of Mr. Gilchrist.
Should Mr. Gilchrist he nominated June 16,
he will owe his nomination to the saloons and
railroad interests. If I am successful, it will
be by the help of those who could not be mis
led by any possible power or influence of the
saloons or railroads.
The Managel's of Mr. Gilchrist’s campaign
have used the most despicable methods in an
attempt to ruin my character. The vicious
nature of the campaign made against me in
the interest of Mr. Gilchrist must have been
known and consented to by him.
I will say nothing against him as a man.
I appeal to you on the grounds of principle.
I appeal to those of his supporters who may
have voted for him uninfluenced by either
the saloons or railroads, to consider the
methods and influences used in his behalf
and against my candidacy. This being known
should be sufficient reason why they should
not be again found joined with the saloons in
his support June 16.
I appeal to all voters who do not wish to
have a Governor owing his nomination to the
combined support of the liquor interests and
the railroads, no matter how you have voted
in the past, and no matter whether you believe
in local option or State Prohibition, to give
me your support. I give you my solemn
pledge that if elected I shall during my entire
term of office, ever bear in mind that I owe
my election to the patriotic good citizenship
of Florida.
To our friends everywhere, I suggest that
you organize and begin work, for most assur
edly no one can foresee the consequences to
the State of Florida if the saloons in this
campaign accomplish their purpose and demon
strate that the Governor of Florida will have
owed his nomination to their contributions and
support.
Work and prove that the people of Florida
cannot be dominated by the liquor interests.
I will be with you in person, or by proxy, and
on June 16, we will win by an overwhelming
and decisive majority.
All along the line the fight is on and it is
every day more apparent that it is a winning
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
fight. There can be no doubt of the issue or
of the outcome.
Sincerely yours,
JOHN N. C. STOCKTON.
TO THE GOD-FEARING PEOPLE OF
FLORIDA:
A condition now confronts the people of
Florida, the like of which has never been
known in this State.
Many of us are neither politicians nor
political partisans, but all of the undersigned
feel it their patriotic duty to disregard all
existing party or fractional affiliations, and
to call upon all good citizens of Florida having
the right to vote in the Primary Election
June 16, to lay aside, for the time being at
least, all partisan feelings and join all the
God-fearing, order-loving, law-abiding people
in one united effort to prevent the otherwise
possible domination of the Government of
Florida by the liquor dealers of our fair State.
We respectfully state the following as facts
worthy of the careful and prayerful con
sideration of the people of Florida.
The Democratic Primary Elections in
Florida unquestionably and absolutely fix the
status of all State and County Governments.
In them are chosen all of our Executive, Legis
lative and Judicial officers. In them are
decided the governmental status so far as
law, order, peaceable existence and enforce
ment of laws are concerned. Those who wish
government to be controlled by the moral
elements in society, for the moral welfare of
the community, must here vote for those
persons who stand for the moral welfare of
the people. Those opposing moral government
and interested in debauching the people never
fail to be active in their own interests.
Never before in all the history of Florida
have the representatives of the saloon inter
ests so openly defied the moral elements of
society and so boldly organized to seize con
trol of the government of the State and so
many of the Counties.
Never before in all the history of any
Southern State have the saloon keepers so
openly organized and raised corruption funds
by openly assessing every saloon in the State
and sent authorized agents to the great distil
lers and brewers of the United States solicit
ing enormous contributions from outside the
State to be used to influence the voters of the
State in the election of a Governor, Legisla
tors and other officers who will be under obli
gations to them and who will owe to the saloon
men their election to office.
It is hard to conceive of such a case, but
it is an absolutely evident fact, and a fact
which is not even attempted to be hidden, but
is openly avowed, that the saloon interests
in Florida have been thoroughly organized,
and have assessed each saloon of the State,
and have collected in addition thereto enor
mous sums of money from distillers and brew
ers beyond the limits of the State, and have
concentrated their support upon one candidate
for Governor of the State, and upon candi
dates for the State Senate and House of
Representatives, and for the offices which have
to do with the enforcement of laws intended
to regulate the sale of liquors.
The people of Florida could not believe the
extent of that work of the liquor dealers until
they came face to face in contact with it at
the recent primary election, but the condition
then disclosed should arouse every patriotic
citizen of Florida to a thorough realization
that unless they, act together, and act promptly
and vigorously, the saloon interests of Florida,
backed by the entire liquor interests of the
United States, will elect for four years as
Governor of Florida the man whom they have
chosen as their candidate, whom they have
openly supported with enormous expenditures
of money, and who, if elected, will beyond
possible question owe his election to their
support.
We do not wish to say one word against
the character of their candidate, Mr. Gil
christ, and he, of course, received the votes
of many patriotic citizens who can not and
will not approve of the methods used, but no
one can deny that, if elected, he will absolutely
owe his election to the saloon interests, with
out whose assistance he would not have come
anywhere near election.
As citizens of Duval county we can
speak from personal observation and knowl
edge of the recent primary election in this
County, where they were perhaps more open,
more active, and more effective than elsewhere,
because of the fact that there are more and
greater saloon interests here, where we have
not only our former number of liquor dealers,
but where we now have concentrated many
whiskey houses recently forced out of Georgia
and Alabama.
We know the facts recently made clear here,
and we appeal to the good citizens of Florida
to make clear beyond possible question June
16, that the saloon interests can not dominate
the people of Florida.
In the name of morality and self-respect we
appeal to every voter at that election to
answer by his vote whether he is willing that
the Governor of Florida or any officer shall
owe his election to the organized work and
the monetary contribution of the saloon keep
ers.
The Governor of Florida should not be an
ungrateful man. Few men elected to office
fail to recognize throughout their official life
their debt of gratitude to those to whom they
know and the public know they owe their
election.
The candidate supported by the saloon
interests will owe his election to those who
elected him, and must be grateful to them.
The candidate opposed by the saloon and
elected by the patriotic people will owe his
election to those who elected him, and must
be grateful to them.
Whether they wish it or not, the lines are
drawn with absolute distinctness between the
candidate supported by the saloons so enthu
siastically and the candidate opposed by the
saloons so bitterly.
Only a few months ago a petition was
circulated in this county calling for a local
option election. Mr. John N. C. Stockton was