PAGE FOUR
J ummary of Ebents as They Happen
Thought To Be Japanese Spies.
San Francisco, Cal., Jan 27. —The Call to
day says: Bullets, fired with deadly intent
by National Guard sharpshooters early yester
day, frustrated a second attempt to rob the
armory of Companies K and M, Fifth Infan
try, National Guard. In the building, which is
located at Buchannon and Walter streets, are
kept valuable military maps of San Frncis
co’s coast defense and topographical plans
of the peninsula.
That the attack on the building was not a
burglar’s ordinary operation seems apparent
from the persistency of the mysterious visi
tors. Early Saturday morning and again in
the darkness of Sunday morning two men tried
to gain an entrance into the premises.
The authorities are working on the theory
that Japanese spies were seeking to gain en
trance to the secrets of the armory. —Nash-
ville Banner.
Asks Congress to Return Cotton Tax.
Washington.—ln advocating the return to
the several states of the cotton tax collected
during and subsequent to the Civil War, Mr.
Clark, democrat, of Florida, in the house yes
terday said he urged this action not as an act
of charity to the South, but of naked, even
handed, exact justice. The imposition of the
tax has been denounced by the supreme court
as unconstitutional and illegal, and it was for
that reason that he had asked and would con
tinue to ask congress to refund the money col
lected to its rightful owners or to the states.
Eight millions of the money would go to the
northern states and sixty millions to the
southern. —Augusta Herald.
Wireless May Have Circled Globe.
Washington, Jan. 27. —That a wireless mes
sage from Admiral Evans’ flagship, Connect
icut, may have encircled the globe is suggest
ed in a statement made to the House Naval
Committee by Rear Admiral Cowles, chief of
the Bureau of Equipment.
The message was sent when the Connecticut
was off Cuba, bound for Trinidad, and was
picked up accurately by the station at Point
Loma, San Diego, Cal.
“It appeared in the press, and I think the
general public thought it was a fake, but the
fact was duly verified,” said Admiral Cowles.
“Whether the message really went around the
world in the other direction or not we do not
know.” —N. Y. American.
Indian Veterans Protest.
It is reported from Johannesburg, Transvaal,
that 116 Indian ex-soldiers who acted as hos
pital bearers and the like during the Boer
war have sent a petition to the Earl of Elgin,
England’s secretary of state for the colonies,
protesting against the gross insult to them in
the identification measures adopted by the
Transvaal government, which they declare in
fringe upon their religion. The petition fur
ther says that if the imperial government is
unable to protect them, they will pray the
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
king to order that they be shot on one of the
South African battlefields on which they
served. The offensive regulation referred to
v as one compelling natives of India to furnish
finger prints and other means of identifica
tion as a condition of remaining in the col
ony. Several prominent Indian natives have
been sentenced to two and three months’ im
prisonment for refusing to comply with the
requirements of the law. —News-Scimitar.
Kill This Bill.
The Aldrich measure for currency tinker
ing is altogether vicious. Far better no legis
lation than a step the result of which will be
increased speculation and more frequent pan
ic. The root cause of the present disturbance
is the over-extension of credits, the specula
tive business spirit, that for several years has
led the clearest observers to foretell disaster.
The proposition fathered by the distinguished
Senate boss is perhaps intended to pass. Some
banks may like it —naturally, since it promises
escape, on inflation principles, from the penal
ty for still more speculation. What we most
need is a check upon overexpansion in prosper
ity. What the Aldrich bill offers is an in
ducement to banks to drive their liberal meth
ods further still, in ostrich-like assurance, up
on a scheme for making the ultimate collapse
easy when it comes. If Congress is unequal
to its duty of creating fundamental improve
ment in the currency, it would better forget
the subject altogether. Therein, at least,
it will refrain from adding to troubles already
burdensome enough. And, of course, these ob
jections to the Aldrich bill would hold as well
against any other plan which arranged for ex
pansion in trouble and did not arrange for any
better regulation in times of prosperity and
confidence. —Collier’s Weekly.
Japs Buying More Cordite.
London, Jan. 28. —The Japanese Government
is still shipping large quantities of cordite
from England to Japan. The Government
steamship Slawentseitz is now anchored off
Holehaven, near the mouth of The Thames,
taking on a full cargo of cordite. This has
caused comment in insurance circles.
The explosive is made by the Ky noches, the
famous Birmingham firm of manufacturers
of war materials. As usual with cargoes des
tined for the Japanese Government, no port
is stated in the Slawentseitz’s charter. —N. Y.
Journal.
Night Riders Burn Barns.
Adairsville, Ky., Jan. 29.—Night Riders
burned two large barns on the farm of Jess
Burr, one mile west of here, last midnight.
The barns contained a small lot of tobacco
belonging to Pres Strickland, a cropper of
Burr, who is not a member of the Dark To
bacco Growers’ Protective Association.
Another barn on the place containing a
large crop belonging to Pink Ward, an asso
ciation cropper, was not molested. Mr. Burr
is not a member of the association but he sold
and delivered only recently a large crop to
Springfield buyers and this, he states, perhaps
saved him a heavy loss.
It is estimated that there were between
thirty and fifty riders in the party. They
came from a western direction and after quiet
ly accomplishing their purpose, rode away,
leaving no clue to their identity.—Nashville
Banner.
Rues Victim of Broken Promise.
San Francisco, Jan. 29.—1 n a staement last
night, Dr. Jacob Nieto, who has had much to
do with the famous broken immunity contract
made between the prosecutors and Abraham
Rues, tells how he finally induced Rues to
agree to the terms of the contract and in re
turn for immunity from prosecution to tell all
he knew.
Rabbi Nieto says that his sole interest in
the matter was his desire to see existing con
ditions purified. He states that after the prop
osition, which came from the prosecutors orig
inally, had been presented to Rues and he
had expressed his willingness to accept the
terms of contract, a doubt arose in the mind
of Rues that the judge to whose court the
case might be assigned, would, after he had
confessed to the charges of extortion in in
dictment No. 350 which had been agreed upon
as the one to which he was to confess, fail to'
agree to the carrying out of the agreement
granting him immunity.
“It was then arranged,” said Rabbi Nieto,
“that Dr. Caplan and myself should accom
pany Mr. Heney to see said judges and obtain
their assurances in the matter. Accordingly
we were taken to the respective chambers of
these judges, saw them personally and heard
their statements as made to Mr. Heney per
sonally which caused us to believe we were
justified in counseling Rues to trust himself
entirely to the prosecution. In this conversa
tion, Judge Lawton said he did not wish to
know any of the particulars. It had been the
practice of the court so long as the court had
confidence in the district attorney’s office to
act on all recommendations and suggestions
the office might make in the interest of jus
tice, such recommendations being made in open
court.
Don’t Wear a Truss
.dgsSi&gggtt Brooks’ Appliance is a new
scientific discovery with auto
g&-; ■ . ' matic air cushions that draws
K-i-i .■ifaffi the broken parts together and
binds them as you would a
broken limb. It absolutely
Eig . .. vW holds firmly and comfortably
*/ Snd never sbps, always light
»nd Co °’ an d conforms to every
movement of the body without
chafing or hurting. I make it
to your measure and send it to
you on a strict guarantee of
■ satisfaction or money refund-
|||p , *T®Bss3§sSSw!Bii e<> an<i 1 have put my price so
low that anybody, rich or poor,
can buy it Remember, I make
it to your order —send it to you
—you wear it—and if it doesn't satisfy you, you send it back to
me and I will refund your money. The banks or any responsi
ble citizen in Marshall will tell you that is the way I do busi
ness—always absolutely on the square and I have sold to thou
sands of people this way for the past five years. Remember, I
use no salves, no harness, no lies, no fakes, i just give you a
straight business deal at a reasonable price.
C. E. Brooks, 7123 Brooks Bldg., Marshall, Mloh.