PAGE FOURTEEN
THE ISSUE
EX-GOVERNOR MMES K. VARDAMAN’S
PAPER FOR THE SOUTH
Published Every Saturday Morning at Jackson, Mississippi.
Vardaman was abused at first: he was called an agitator, an
alarmist, a firebrand; but at last the sober second thought of
the people began to waken and they began to listen. Today
what he has to say on the race problem, is the word of the su
preme authority. Combining all the knowledge of writers on
this question, from dawn oi history to the present time, ap
plied and measured by personal observation and first - hand
knowledge, Governor Vardaman has a message to deliver of
huge import to the American people today.
If you have not seen a copy of the ISSUE, send us your
name and address, and we will mail you one without cost.
ASK NEWSDEALERS—THEY ALL HAVE IT ON SALE
Advertisers are afforded an excellent opportunity through
the columns of the ISSUE to reach every trading patron in
the State at reasonable cost. It is a silent canvasser and is sure
to bring results. Try it! Special low prices given on long
time contracts. Write us about this feature.
THE ISSUE HAS TWICE THE CIRCULATION OF
ANY PUBLICATION IN MISSISSIPPI
COMBINATION OFFER
The Issue, 12 months $1.50
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, 12 months 1.00
Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, 12 months 1.00
Total $3.50
ALL FOR TWO DOLLARS
Send all remittances to THE ISSUE, JACKSON, MISS.,
or WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN, THOMSON, GA.
11 " 1 * "*" -I ■■ .1..-.. ■»■■»■■■ . .1,1 ■■!.! I , I. I | | il—————lß——
LAND FOR SALE AT SB.OO PER ACRE
ZAA ACRES IN HOUSTON COUNTY, THREE MILES FROM RAILROAD.
OVv Healthy location; lieswell; no ponds or swamps. The land is fertile; some
of it will make from 30 to 50 bushels of corn per acre without fertilizers. My option
on this land holds only for a short time, so apply at once to
S. L. G. BEDINGFIELD, Crump’s Park, Ga.
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
*— « •
W HAT I D O
al positively cure PILES, FISTULA, and other
RECTAL DISEASES, entirely without the
KNIFE; No pain or confinement to the house.
If you are suffering either call or write to me.
Pelvic conditions of both sexes cured.
Separate Parlors for Ladies. TITCKTP
Perfect Satisfaction Guaranteed. LJ-K.* VV •J. A Uvjlvll/Iv
411-2 WHITEHALL STREET, ATLANTA, GA.
We are offering big commissions, premiums and cash prizes to agents. Men,
women and children can take subscriptions and make good money. Write at once
to the Jeffersonians.
3effersonlan
A. Reply to the Jeffersonian
Continued from Page 2.)
the villages in Lebanon, from Cyprus
and from Asia Minor, came to him
for medical aid. Men .that would
have reviled him as a Christian dog
before, kissed his hands after they
were healed and bowed to his very
feet and sat with ears ready to hear
the gospel. The medical word does
preach and in the most effective way.
The editor of the Jeffersonian
thinks it strange that free treatment
in the hospitals should open hearts
and homes to the gospel. He is
amused at the thought that famine
relief should prove a golden key to
unlock closed doors. Nothing would
seem to be more natural than this.
A religion that causes people to send
help to total strangers on the other
side of the globe commends itself to
their acceptance. Those who have
been fed and clothed and kept alive
are ready to listen with open minds
to the message brought to them by
their benefactors.
What is true of the medical work
is true of the educational. The
teacher is a preacher. Duff’s plan
was to reach the heart and conscience
of India through its brain. The
teaching in the mission schools is
saturated with Christianity. Christ
was the world’s greatest teacher; he
was a teacher sent from God. He
preached and He healed, but He
taught also. His principal work dur
ing his earthly ministry was the
teaching and training of the men who
should carry on His work after his
death and ascension to glory. He
commanded his apostles to teach their
converts all the things that he had
taught them. Christianity is to save
the world and to bring all human re
lationships, political, social, commer
cial and industrial, into harmony with
the laws of God. The imparting of
an enlightened and Christian educa
tion is one of the great means for
the accomplishment of this end. Un
til the present time the Chinese turn
ed away contemptuously from all the
learning foreigners earnestly pressed
upon their attention; now they real
ize that the boasted wisdom of their
sages is insufficient for the exigen
cies of modern life, and that their
three religions are vain and empty
superstitions. Every lesson taught in
chemistry and physics and electricity
cuts the roots of idolatry and pagan
worship and renders these things
ever after absurd and impossible. In
the mission schools the sciences and
philosophy and history are taught.
These studies open up a new world
to the youth of non-Christian lands.
In the mission schools there is a
Christian atmosphere, and the pupils
are taught what their attitude should
be toward God, the world and their
fellow men. They are saved from
the deadening influences of material
ism, and are placed in an environ
ment where a high form of character
may be developed. The mission
schools are needed to train Christian
workers and the children of the con
verts. They are needed to show the
people what schools should be. They
are needed to educate girls and wom
en in lands where womanhood is
lightly esteemed. At the present
time, Christian schools afford an un
paralleled opportunity for reaching
the young men of China. The teach-
er can preach and preach with power.
He must preach if he would be true
to his high calling.
The press is an auxiliary to the
pulpit. It has been well said that
from its inception Christianity owes
its progress to the pen. “If the four
Gospels had not been written, the re
ligion of Jesus would have made as
little permanent impression on the
world’s history as a people dropped
into the depths of the Sea of Galilee
would make on the configuration of
the lake shore. If the Epistles had
never been written the church would
have perished in its cradle, strangled
by the twin serpents of Roman power
and Jewish hate.” The printed page
can go where no man has gone or
can go. The printed page carried the
good seed of the kingdom of God. It
s like the leaves from the tree of life
and is for the healing of the nations.
Missionaries would not build hos
pitals and dispensaries and open and
support schools if they were not con
vinced that these institutions are ab
solutely necessary to give effect to
the truth of the gospel. It is fair to
assume that they have learned some
thing about the best means of carry
ing on their work in a hundred years,
and that they know as much about
the subject as men whose knowledge
is all theoretical and second hand. To
condemn them in this is to condemn
the methods employed by our Lord
and his apostles.
Surprise is expressed by the editor
of the Jeffersonian at a statement of
a missionary to the effect that the
masses of China are still unaffected
after a century of missionary labor
and half a century of free schools.
This should surprise no one who
takes all the facts into account. Rob
ert Morrison entered China in 1807
but he was not permitted to preach
or carry on any form of missionary
work in public. It was in a deep
cellar and by the light of a dim lamp
that he translated the Scriptures. It.
was not till 1842 that a larger area
was opened. But even then there
were many restrictions and much op
position. Men entered new territory
at their peril. It was not until 1900
that all China was opened. But even
now large portions of China have not
been occupied. The bulk of the Chi
nese people has not so much as
heard the name of Christ. How could
it be otherwise? The ordained mis
sionaries in China number only 83 0.
What are they among a nation
numbering four hundred millions?
In this country we have one
hundred and twenty thousand
ordained ministers in a popula
tion numbering about ninety mil
lions. There are free mission schools
in China, but how many? They num
ber two thousand three hundred and
eighty-three in all, and the pupils in
them number fifty thousand nine hun
dred and ten, or a few more than are
enrolled in the city of Cincinnati
alone. The surprise should be, not
that so little has been done, but that
so much has been done in so short a
time and with a staff so inadequate.
At the time of the Morrison Centen
nial celebration it was said that the
converts in China numbered one hun
dred and eighty thousand. The ex
perts gave it as their opinion that if