PAGE SIXTEEN
Gainesville Nurseries
Gainesville, Florida
Budded and Grafted Pecan Trees' of
standard varieties; Satsuma Oranges on
Citrus Trifoliata stock, Fruit and Or
namental Trees, Plants and Shrubs,
Field-grown Roses. Palms, Ferns, etc.
Send for our Catalog.
H. S. Graves, Proprietor, Gainesville, Florida
YOU CAN BE WELL!
You who are simply drifting,
hoping to be better some day.
You who are utterly discouraged;
who have made up your mind
that there is no help. If you are
afflicted with paralysis, dyspep
sia, rheumatism or some other
chronic ailment and have not
been able to And relief, I want
you to write me and let me send
you a copy of my free book,
which tells how all diseases may
be cured by my method without
drugs or surgery. My sanitarium
is completely equipped for the
successful treatment of all
chronic diseases. I guarantee
complete satisfaction to every
person who gives my treatment a
trial, as fully explained in my
book.
Write today.
DR. ANDREW C. BIGGS,
The Biggs Sanitarium,
Asheville, N. C.
Grafted Pecan Trees
of Select Paper Shell Varieties
For Descriptive List Write
BAYVIEW NURSERY
C. FORKERT, Prop,, Ocean Springs, Miss.
-THE VICTOR” Dr> W()o || ey!s
SANITARIUM
K&ssS-ia For treatment of Ner-
H vous Diseases, Opium,
Alcoholic and other
drug addictions.
For particulars, ad
dreßa
DR.B.M. WOOLEY CO., Atlanta, Ga.
Petition of United States Monetary League
All those who are in favor of “government money”, and
against the substitution of a bank currency, are requested to
sign the following petition, and to write to their State Vice-
President, or to Jos. N. Stephens, National Secretary, 634
17th St., Denver, Colo., for blanks. They will continue to get
signatures to the petition until the bill is actually introduced
in Congress, and then send their lists to their Vice-President,
who will send them direct to Senators or members of Congress,
each State sending its own.
The Vice-Presidents are:
P. F. Adelbach. editor, Kingsburg, Cal.; F. S. Taylor, Wal
nut Springs, Texas; Deacon Donham, editor, St. Peter, Minn.;
D. L. McKinnon, Marianna, Fla.; C. P. Warnock, Oxford, Fla.;
L. H. Weller, Nashua, la.; Samuel W. Williams, Vincennes,
Ind.; Flavius J. Van Vorhis, Indianapolis, Ind.; C. J. Ram
age, Saluda, S. C.; Webster Thomas, Dayton, Tenn.; Wilson
S. Mowry, Woonsocket, R. I.; H. L. Hutchinson, Cambridge
port, Mass.; S. G. Buchner, Buena Vista and Crown streets,
Corona, N. Y.; 11. W. Lawrence, box 733, Salt Lake City,
Utah; F. C. Johnson, editor, Minneapolis, Kan.; Ezra Weaver,
editor, Lancaster, Pa.; Allen L. Powell, editor, Sterling, Neb.;
D. C. De Witt, Towanda. Pa.; IT. A. Whitstone, McComb,
Ohio; John Flynn, 14 W'est street, Westerly, R. I.; J. R. Nor
man, Albia, Iowa; J. H. Powell, Lilac, Miss.; Thos. R. French,
Bosburg, Wash.; W. G. Shelton, Bastrop, La.; Minor Meri
weather, 3716 Delmar Ave., St. Louis, Mo.; Frank Powers,
Harshaw, Ariz.; S. M. Langdon, Hackberry, Okla.; Peter
Thompson, Fisher. Ill.; B. B. Turner, Broadrun, Va.; T. J.
Hasty, Columbia, Ala.; W. McK. Nixon, Saratoga. Wyo.; Les-
NAMES
TIMBER DECAY COSTS MILLIONS.
Millions of feet of timber and fin
ished lumber rot every year in rail
road ties, bridges, trestles, piles, farm
buildings, fences, poles -"and mine
props. The lumber-consuming pub
lic of the United States pays perhaps
thirty or forty million dollars a year
to make good the losses from wood
decay.
These great drains are a source of
more and more concern each year.
Chemists and engineers who have to
do with the uses of wood are work
ing unceasingly on the problem. The
States Forest Service has men
who devote their whole time to it.
The importance of the problem can
not be overestimated. Millions of
dollars are annually saved by pre
servative treatment of timbers, but
much yet remains to be learned.
Wood decay is caused by fungus,
a vegetable growth sometimes so
small that it can be seen only with
the microscope. Its roots or
branches, like minute hairs, force
their way into the wood tissues and
absorb or eat away the solid parts.
The collapse which results is called
decay. Timber is artificially preserv
ed by forcing into its cells and pores
certain substances which prevents the
growth of fungi. As long as this
substance is present in sufficient
quantity, the germs of decay—the
threads and spores of fungus—can
not. enter, and the w r ood is preserved.
This often means doubling and some
times trebling the life of the timber.
The United States government con
siders the investigations of preserva
tive treatment of timber of such im
portance that the business of one
office of the United States Forest
Gfce Jeffersonian
lie Pearce, Downs, Kas.; P. B. Sharp. Orienta. Okla.; O. D.
Hill, Kendalia, W. Va.; R. J. Short, Cisco, Texas.
Orders for descriptive leaflets may be sent to The Jeffer
sonians, Thomson, Ga. Prices: 100 for 25 cents; 250 for 50
cents; 500 for SI.OO.
To the President of the United States, and Members of
the Senate and House of Representatives:
We, the undersigned electors and citizens, respectfully
1 OSdlf I
That we view with alarm the efforts that are being made to
retire the $346,000,000 of Lnited States notes, commonly called
greenbacks; and to melt into bullion the 600,000,000 of silver
dollars now in circulation in the United States. These are
now performing the function of a circulating medium and
there is no justification for their retirement.
The substitution of a bank currency therefor would be in
jurious to the nation, because it would place within the hands
of the banking classes the power to contract and expand the
medium by which payments are made and by which values are
determined. The exercise of such a power bv any one class is
bound to be detrimental to the interests of the masses.
Therefore, we respectfully urge.
First: That the $346,000,000 in greenbacks shall not be
destroyed.
Second: That the silver dollar be not eliminated from
coinage and use, but the increasing demands of commerce for
a circulating medium be supplied by increased coinage of both
gold and silver and the issuance of legal tender paper monev.
ADDRESSES
-
Service, that of Wood Preservation,
with new headquarters at Madison,
Wis., is given over entirely to the
work of experiments in co-operation
with railroad companies and other
corporations and individuals in pro
longing the life of railroad ties, mine
props, bridge timbers, fence posts
and transmission poles.
The lengthening of the life of tim
ber means the saving of thousands
of dollars annually through doing
away with the heavy expense of labor
and cost of material for renewals.
Send us $1.50 for Watson’s Maga
zine for 1910, containing Tom Wat
son’s best work, and the Tri-Weekly
Constitution, for one year.
Agents’ Prize Contest
The competition for our cash
prizes this month is very keen, and
all the leaders are close together.
There are some “dark horses’’ run
ning—new agents who have just
taken hold—and our old agents will
have to look to their laurels.
Don’t forget that there are prizes
to the amount'of SIOO.OO in cash, to
be given away on January Ist, for
the largest lists of subscriptions to
Watson’s Magazine. The first prize
is SSO, second prize $25, third prize
$lO, and three prizes of five dollars
each. We have a number of entries
for this contest, but the lists, so far,
are not formidable, and any active
agent could start now and beat the
best list we have.
Now is the time to take orders for
the Watson books. We are offering
liberal commissions. Write for our
special terms to agents on “Foreign
Missions Exposed’’.
The greatest combination ever of
fered—The Jeffersonian and the Tri-
Weekly Constitution, both for one
year, only $1.25.
'fe. il FKA V-ZJ PT
LWJj
ink -°’ c ‘ kMr / iku
wr I ' F
I Fy \
NO. 8548—LITTLE GIRL’S ONE
PIECE DRESS WITH GUIMPE.
This attractive little one-piece
dress is laid in a broad box plait in
front and back. The square-cut neck
allows the garment to slip on over
the head, although if preferred an
opening could be made at the back
under the plait. The guimpe of white
lawn is finished at the waist-line by a
draw-string inserted in a casing.
The sleeves may be full length or
terminate at the elbow. Linen,
pique, madras and gingham are all
suitable for the making. The pat
tern is cut in 5 sizes: 2 to 10 years.
The 6-year size requires 2 yards of
material 36 inches wide for the dress
and 1 % yards for the guimpe.
A pattern of this illustration will
be mailed to any address upon re
ceipt of 10 cents in stamps or silver.
Address
■JEFFERSONIAN PATTERN DEPT.,
Thomson, Ga.
RS
It buys a Strictly M
SERVING
MACHINE AQg L 1
IQ YEARS
And has all the up-to-date improvements that
every lady appreciates. It is splendidly built of
B thoroughly dependable materia! and handsomely
finished. Has elegant Oak Drop Leaf 5-Drawer Cab
■ inet, complete Set of Attachments, full instruc-
E tions how to use them, and the outfit will be sent
you ‘ Frct fibt Free” on
||^d"D , A¥s""FREE T3IAL
We sell DIRECT at ONE
B PROFIT, saving you the
a Jobber’s. Retailer’s and
_ B Agent’s profits and sell-
R ing exjienses, & exactly
same machine they
W£ --N -will ask you S"0.00 for.
I Send at ONCE for OUR
BlGnewfree
SEWING MACHINE
W CATALOGUE
j Most complete and in-
Etruetive book of its
\\ character ever publish-
3 0 « cd in the South. It pict-
tiresand describe s every
Big x P art Hn <’- particular of
■Jg the ereatest lino of positively High-Grade Sewing
J’S Machines ever ollered. We ar" the larg> st Sewing
Bh Machine distributors in the South, and. at prices
B asked for quality guaranteed, our Machines are un
id ITl ' l tc!iabb-. This catalogue d<’Fcrib<s and prices
■ D high-g”nde Pianos, Organs. Steel Ranges, Cooking
~ *!Y PS - Heating Stoves, Phonographs, Dinner and
B Toilet Sets. Prompt shipments, safe delivery and
B satisfaction guaranteed, or your money ba'-i;.
MALSBY, SHIPP & CO.,
■ W». F, 41 S. Forsyth Street, ATLANTA, GEORGIA
FIND PLEASURE AND PROFIT IN
GROWING GOOD PECAN TREES
But the stock must be reliable— that's vital. Our
Pecan trees are grown in the best section of the
Jrec-an belt, by a special ist with a successful record.
Pecans have a line future —nuts popular, bring
good prices; the timber in great demand. Now’s
■lust the time to start a grove.
Write for free illustrated booklet on Southern
truit-bearing trees. We guarantee a “square
deal replace any tree that isn't right.
JEFFERSON NURSERY CO.
Box E-28 Monticello, Floridia