PAGE TWELVE
MR. WATSON’S ADDRESS.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
claimed the making of certain charges against
me in Augusta, which I had been informed he
had made, I finally decided, on account of the
principle involved, to do what I could for
him.
Everybody knows how hot was the campaign
of 1906, and how loyal was my support of
Hoke Smith. In order to keep faith with
Congressman Hardwick, and with Hoke Smith,
I had to come in temporary collision with
some of the best friends that I had ever had.
Some of these men had been my school-mates;
some had been my comrades in the hot fights
when Populism was struggling for its life in
the .’9o’s. No man ever went through a more
trying ordeal than I did in the campaign of
1906. There was absolutely nothing in it for
me except hard knocks. I had no ax to grind,
and no reward to expect. Believing that it
was essential to the independence of the white
voter that the menace of negro domination
be removed by his disfranchisement, I sup
ported Hoke Smith, because he was running
upon a platform, which, as a citizen of Geor
gia, 1 believed promised her a great benefit.
After the legislature of 1906 adjourned,
there was a feeling of disappointment that so
little had been accomplished. The Anti-Lob
by Bill, and the measure proposed for a sys
tem of primaries which would be as fair to
the outs as to the ins, together with several
other important pieces of legislation, had
failed to become laws; but, with the under
standing that an extra session was to be
called, and that the Governor would do all in
his power at the extra session to redeem those
of his pledges which the legislature had repu
diated, I gave him, in the Jeffersonian Mag
azine, and in my paper, unstinted and gener
ous praise.
The supporters of Governor Smith are now
using those articles in behalf of their candi
date, without paying much attention to the
date at which they were written, and without
telling the people what has occurred since those
words of praise were published. They do not
explain to the people that after the legisla
ture had adjourned, and after I had written
those articles, Governor Smith suddenly felt
immensely tempted to run for the Senate.
They do not explain to the people how he
sounded me and other supporters upon that
subject. They do not explain to the people
that I declined to pledge myself to support
him for Senator, and told Mr. Hardwick, as
well as others, that it would be impossible for
me to become a party to that breach of faith
to the people. I thought that the Governor
would be doing a great wrong to his support
z crsjf he made use of the governorship, dur
ing his first term, as a stepping stone to the
Senate, when so much of the work that he
had promised to do had not been done.
It is quite likely that this attitude of
mine toward his pet ambition had much to do
w ith my loss of influence with His Excellency,
the Governor.
Those w’ho now use what I said in favor
of the Governor last summer do not explain
to the people that on November 17 he went
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
to Mcßae, Georgia, and made ft speech exoner
ating the legislature from all blame for having
defeated his pet measures, when in a previous
speech, delivered at Warrenton, he had round
ly denounced those members of the legislature
who had betrayed the people, and promised
that he would go into their counties and de
nounce them to their constituents.
Neither is it explained to the people that
the Governor reversed himself on the ques
tion of the early primary, and that the new
rules adopted by his committee propose a
revolution in our political system Which I
could not dream last summer was contemplat
ed by him.
Never before, so far as I know, has it been
suggested that the successful candidate in a
race for governor shall be given the right
to appoint the delegates from the counties
which he does not carry as well as from the
counties which he does cany. According to
that new rule, “Little” Joe Brown might
carry fifty or sixty counties in this campaign,
and if Hoke Smith, by reason of large ma
jorities obtained in the big cities, or else
where, secured a majority of the whole vote
of the State, he would not only appoint rep
resentatives from the counties where his vot
ers were in the majority, but would ap
point them for those fifty or sixty counties in
which his voters were in the minority. z
We have a self-contradictory rule, by which
the majority in the vote of the whole state be
comes so supreme that it annuls the majority
obtained in many of the counties. If this is
not the deadliest stab at representative gov
ernment that we have had since the days of
the carpet-bagger and the federal bayonet, I
understand nothing about home rule and the
principles of true democracy.
Because I have pointed out the shortcomings
of Governor Smith, and explained why it was
impossible for me to support him as I did
two years ago, his batteries are now trained
upon me. In private conversations through
out the state he has attacked me viciously and
continuously. He has misrepresented me in the
most outrageous manner, and has done it in
such away as makes reply by me difficult and
ineffective. He has not struck me in the open,
as a brave opponent would, but he has stabbed
me in the back. Not only has he done this
himself, but he has set his campaign man
agers to doing the same thing throughout the
length and breadth of Georgia. Instead of
contenting himself with denying, explaining
or refuting the statements made by me against
his public record, he has assailed me and my
personal character, as though I were his op
ponent in the race for Governor. His cam
paign managers have strewn the state with
venomous and slanderous attacks upon me
personally.
The latest of these to come to my notice is
a pamphlet of 16 pages, which must have
cost a considerable sum of money, and this
is being scattered by the tens of thousands
among the voters. This pamphlet purports
to have been written by one. Louis M. Foster,
who teaches school, as I understand it, some
where in the neighborhood of Gainesville,
Georgia. This man could hardly have had
the surplus to get out an expensive campaign
document sort, and therefore he must
have had financial aid. Whose interest was it
to aid Foster in circulating tens of thousands
of a 16-page pamphlet against me? Who
else would have financed this campaign docu
ment of vituperation and obscenity, foul abuse
and libellous charges, if not Hoke Smith?
This pamphlet is so full of scurrilous And
malicious abuse that I can only quote a few
lines of it. My friend, Rev. S. A. Walker,
the old war horse of Populism, will be given
a copy of this pamphlet to exhibit to those
who find it incredible to believe that Hoke
Smith’s managers could have dealt me this
foul blow.
Only within the last few weeks has this
precious publication appeared, the purpose be
ing that I should have Little or no opportuni
ty to defend myself from it.
After saying, in effect, that I possess every
despicable trait that it would be possible for
the devil himself to compress within one hu
man hide, this Hoke Smith scribber says that
my books are unclean, immoral, unwholesome
and grossly misleading. He admonishes fath
ers and mothers not to allow their children to
read these books of mine. He compares the
atmosphere of my books and my editorials to
the aroma of the polecat and of rotten eggs.
In a great variety of similes, he compares me
to the buzzard. He declares the Jefferson-an
Magazine and the Jeffersonian paper, together
with such other newspapers and magazines as
reproduce articles written by me, ought to be
fed by the old buzzards to the young buz
zards, “in order that the parent birds may
feast to their full and feed their progeny un
til they are utterly surfeited on this dainty
and delicious food.” He further says that if
these young buzzards should be fed on my
writings, he “shall expect these unfledged
gormandizers to fatten and flourish as baby
buzzards were never known to do before.”
On page 15 of the pamphlet, this Hoke
Smith writer calls me a dirty and contempti
ble demagogue. On page 16, he varies the ac
cusation by describing me as an artful and
unscrupulous demagogue. Not quite satis
fied that his master, Hoke Smith, will be
pleased with this comparatively modest esti
mate, he goes on further, on the same page,
to call me a corrupt, cowardly and conscience
less demagogue.
To a man who has stood in political isola
tion as long as I have done, rather than cur
ry favor and obtain office by a surrender of
principles which are dear to me as life, it
%eems peculiarly cruel that I should be thus
denounced by a servile tool of a crafty poli
tician, who was fattening himself on official
spoils as a member of Grover Cleveland’s
second cabinet at a time when I was doing
everything in my power to educate the people
of Georgia on those principles to which Hoke
Smith owes the position that he now r holds.
We old Populists, in the days gone by,
sowed the seed in sorrow and tribulation. It
has remained for such men as Hoke Smith to
reap the harvest, and I think they could well
afford to refrain from abusing those pioneers
of the People’s party movement who sacrificed