PAGE FOURTEEN
Os Interest to Wealth Producers
A WOMAN’S SUCCESS ON A FOUR
ACRE FARM.
Successful women farmers are no
longer a novelty, numbers of them be
ing found in all sections of the coun
try. Possibly the smallest farm that
has provided a living for its owner
is carried on by Mrs. Jane C. Bar
row of Connecticut. This energetic
lady has succeeded in obtaining a liv
ing for herself and two children on
the profits of a four acre farm, send
ing the children to school meanwhile.
The enterprise was started without
capital seven years ago. Mrs. Barrow
being forced to incur debt to pay for
groceries and supplies until the farm
returns began to come in. Bees, small
fruits and poultry were the founda
tion. Only one acre of the four was
suitable for planting and this acre
has really brought in most of the in
come by means of a system of inten
sive farming which is remarkable, to
say the least. One-fourth of this one
acre was devoted to poultry, and last
year 2,000 ducks were raised and sold
at a weight of four pounds each when
between three and four months old.
The feather crop alone amounted to
400 pounds.
On this acre of tillable land, be
sides the ducks, were 100 fowls, 24
turkeys, 60 pairs of pigeons, and 75
stands of bees. Pigeons were a prof
itable specialty, about 400 pairs of
squabs having been sold. Ducks,
(however, are considered more profit
able than pigeons, and Mrs. Barrow
thinks of disposing of the peigeons
and increasing the duck area. The
turkeys also pay well. The white va
riety is kept because the feathers are
more valuable. The birds are sold
during the holiday season and, be
ing especially well fattened, bring the
very highest prices. The bees are an
excellent investment, and Mrs. Bar
row considers the work pleasant and
suitable for a woman. Bees pick up
their living in the summer, but re
ceive some extra feeding in winter.
Os course the large supplies of food
needed for the poultry are not raised
on the farm. They are bought out
side at considerable expense. Mrs.
Barrow hesitates to buy more land,
having made such a success on a small
area. She is firmly of the opinion
that a common mistake made by wo
men who take up farming is to begin
on too large a scale.—Griffin News.
TO MAKE DAIRY PROFITS.
In growing and selecting food for
our cows we should have two objects
in view. First, select the food that
we wish to grow on our own farm.
Second, the food that has the most
fertilizing value. The home-grown
feeds should constitute the chief ra
tion, and this should be balanced by
the use of mill feeds, oil meal gluten
feeds, cotton seed meal and other
commercial feed stuffs.
In all of the dairy sections where
corn can be grown with success corn
ensilage is the most economical food
that can be grown on the farm. Very
few farmers realize the value of en
silage when it is properly cared for.
The most successful dairymen have
some cash or market crop that is
grown in their regular rotations be
sides the food for the cows.
If the dairyman has a silo a rota
tion of corn followed by wheat and
seeded with clover makes a very sat
isfactory rotation. The clover is cut
one season, the manure hauled and
spread on the clover sod and plowed
under for ensilage corn. This rota
tion insurds large crops of corn for
the silo, followed by large crops of
wheat and clover, until the land is in
condition to produce good profitable
crops every year regardless of dry
weather or heavy rains.
The selection of the individual cows
for the dairy is one of the important
phases of the business. Instead of
keeping cows that are not paying
profits on the amount of feed con
sumed an dlabor in caring for them,
the dairyman must be constantly test
ing them by using the scales and Bab
cock test and keeping account of the
feed that they consume. There has
been no time during the past twenty
years but what a dairyman with a se
lected dairy of good cotvs could not
make- a profit on his investment. —
Nashville Banner.
INGREDIENTS OF FERTILIZERS.
Three substances must enter into
any complete fertilizer: (1) Nitrogen,
which forces quick, succulent growth,
and is, therefore, valuable for vege
table crops; (2) potash, which gives
rich flavor, and should never be omit
ted by the home gardener; (3) phos
phoric acid, which makes the fiber of
the plant, and is necessary in all crops
that are to endure over the season.
High grade fertilizers have these ele
ments in the following proportions:
Nitrogen, ten to fourteen per cent;
potash, forty to fifty per cent; phos
phoric acid, twenty per cent.
When buying a brand look only at
the figures referring to these three
items—all ethers are reiterations and
of no service whatever.
The ideal all-round fertilizer for
lasting effect is one having the ratio
of nitrogen, two; phosphoric acid,
four; potash, five. This can be modi
fied according to one’s desires and
the crop to be grown. For instance,
in the early spring, for growing spin
ach, nitrate of soda, which gives ni
trogen only, is perfectly satisfactory
on most soils, so that there would be
no need of giving extra potash op
phosphoric acid. —Indianapolis News.
CHOP SUEY.
Scrape the meat from the bones of
half a cKieken and cut into bits an
inch long; slice a large onion thin;
soak a handful of dried mushrooms
for ten minutes in water, and then
drain and remove the stems; cut the
celery into pieces one and one-half
inches long; wash and slice six Chin
ese potatoes.
Put the chicken into the frying pan
with fat and fry until done, but not
bard, add the sliced onions and cook
for ten minutes; put in the mush
rooms, and enough Chinese sauce to
make the ingredients brown. Add
water and stew for a few minutes,
then put in the celery and potatoes.
Thieken with floured water, boil up
once and serve with boiled rice.—
Louisville Courier-Journal.
Glja Jeffersonian
AMCDWAN Mirnratnv STANDARD MACHINERY
AMLKiuAN MALnlntKl Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
ao catttu vadcvtu cTDrcT Saws, Pumps. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline E-u
--49 SOUTH FORSYTH STREET nes Don , t buy untH you get our prices and
ATLANTA t: GEORGIA ca t a l°g; We sell everything in Machinery and
Power that Palp
for ‘SISO itself
There is a long line of machines that save labor and make money for the
■ farmer. But you are not operating them to the best advantage if you do
not have a reliable power.
Cream separators, feed cutters, corn shelters and wood saws are valuable
machines for the farm, but no one of them is complete in itself. Each
■ requires a power to operate it.
Here is the great advantage of having one of the simple, powerful,
dependable I. H. C. gasoline engines on the farm.
An I. H. C. engine is not a machine for just one duty, like a churn or a
pump. It is a machine of many duties. It enables you to operate all
other machines to best advantage.
Its duties extend all through the year and it is used almost every day
in the year.
There is corn to shell, feed to cut, water to pump, wood to saw and many
other jobs, all of which you cannot do profitably by hand.
You must have power of some kind. An I. H. C. engine saves you a
world of turning and lifting by hand, and because it is so well adapted to
j so many uses, you will find it a great improvement on old fashioned tread
mills, horse power, etc.
It costs but a few cents a day to operate an I.H.C. engine. Many times
it saves the wages of a man, and in some work the wages of a number of
men. Estimate what it costs you for extra help at SI.OO, to $2.00 per day
■ because you have no power, and you will see how rapidly an I. H. C.
engine pays for itself.
Besides, these engines do work that you cannot do at all by hand —run-
ning the cutter, shredder, threshing machine, etc.
I. H. C. engines are strong, simple and easy to understand. We know the de
sign to be of the best, and we know that every detail of construction is correct.
■ This is proved to our own satisfaction by giving every engine a thorough working
test before it leaves the Works. This guarantees that the engine conies to you
■ in perfect working condition, and you have a right to expect many years of
■ efficient service from it.
■ I. H. C. gasoline engines are designed to utilize the greatest amount of power
from the fuel consumed. Every line of the engine is symmetrical. It looks sub
stantial and is substantial without being clumsy or too heavy.
The I. H. C. Line
I. H. C. Vertical Engines— made in 2, 3 and 25-horse-power
Horizontal (portable and stationary) in 4,6, 8,10,12,15 and 20-horse-power
Gasoline Tractors— in 12,15 and 20-horse-power
Famous Air-Cooled Engines— in 1 and 2-horse-power
Pumping, Spraying and Sawing outfits in various styles and sizes.
Call on the International local agent, inspect these engines and secure catalogues isd
full particulars, or write direct to us.
International Harvester Company of America, Chicago, U. S. A.
(Incorporated)
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Premium for 6 subscribers $3.50
Napoleon . Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South Premium for 3 subscribers 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics. Premium for 2 subscribers...... 1.00
Sketches from Roman History Premium for 1 subscriber 50
Waterloo, just published Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
* M.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is-Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man The
afte ™on shadows are lengthening ... . 0 God! where is Grouchy?
feet n That S T ° m Watson 6 Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga .