PAGE FOURTEEN
for a denominational school, telling
them how far short of their duty they
would fall if they didn’t give it,
when there was not a member of said
congregation that was able to send his
children to said school.
There are many people who believe
in foreign missions that are abso
lutely not able to support and edu
cate their children and contribute any
thing to missions. I think it a sin
to spend one’s money foolishly and
selfishly upon one’s self and family
in extravagant and riotous living, but
I believe that when a man spends
what he has to give his children ad
vantages that will better fit them for
life and make them better and more
useful men and women, he is just as
surely, even more surely, using it for
the honor and glory of God than if he
gave it to foreign missions, to some
great denominational college, or to
any other cause.
One of Mr. Watson’s readers thinks
that when Mr. Watson enters the do
main of the Church he is out of his
element, but it seems to me that it
might be better for the Church if
more of the laymen and the thinkers
in other walks of life had the courage
to criticise it when they think it is
wrong. It would serve as a healthful
restraint upon ministers and reli
gious leaders generally. Too many
people regard the Church with a kind
of superstitious awe, and seem to
think that if they should dare to op
pose any of its ways they would be
opposing the Lord himself. If there
had never been a man brave and true
enough to stand up and defy the es
tablished order of things in Church,
we would never have had a Protestant
Church. We would all still be grop
ing in the blindness, ignorance and
bigotry of Catholicism.
On the other hand, it seems to me
that it would be much better if Chris
tian people concerned themselves
more about questions of State —if
they would devote more of their en
ergy toward getting the principles of
the man of Galilee enacted into law.
Too many Christians look upon the
religion of the Son of God as some
thing to save us in a world to come,
rather than something as well to make
this world a better place for the chil
dren of men to live in.
And so one preacher says that the
sermons they preach are weak and
trivial because the women make them
so. Oh, well, it was ever thus with
some men, when they make a failure,
since the Garden of Eden episode.
But that preacher wasn’t a South
erner, was he?
It is a part of the daily prayer of
my life that I may ever have the
power to distinguish between the true
and the false —that I may see and
think clearly, unfettered and unin
fluenced by popular opinions and cur
rent errors —that I may discern readi
ly what is right and what isn’t —and
that my thought, my effort, and the
little that I can do in the world may
be given to the right.
Sallie Tmeheart Parrish.
DO YOU NEED TEN DOLLARS?
If you do, send us the largest list
of subscribers by June 10th, and we
will send you the cash. Five dollars,
second prize. Read our offer, and
write to the Jeffersonians, Thomson,
Ga.
THE PATH OF PEACE.
There is a pleasant, peaceful path,
That winds among the hills,
Which make the world of human life,
And all its trying ills;
A path which shuns the stones of
strife,
The pit-falls of deceit,
And makes life’s journey pleasant,
quite,
To worn and weary feet.
It passes down through Duty Grove,
And on by Friendly Vale,
And winds across the Plain of Right,
An open, easy trail;
Then by where Kindness has her
home,
And Love is wont to stay,
And through the wood of Charity,
It takes its pleasant way.
It shuns the hill of Discontent,
The rocky gulch of Hate,
The caves of Envy, Spite and Greed,
It does not penetrate;
But down Contentment’s sunny slope
It winds ’mid blossoms sweet,
To where the vales of Fellowship,
And Christian Kindness meet.
Then onward through the frowning
hills,
Which make the lives of men,
Until it reaches Grave Yard Cove,
Down in Death’s Silent Glen;
*And there it ends, beside a mound,
The last abode of all;
The heritage which came to man,
Through Adam and the fall.
The man who treads this peaceful
path,
May have no sounding name,
May make no fortune, do no act,
To give him worldly fame;
But in the end, is just as rich, •
As he who fights for gold;
And peace and love, and kindly
thought,
Will consecrate his mold.
—Jake H. Harrison.
HELPS FOR THE HOUSEMOTHER.
Suppose you try:
Cleaning the bath-tub and other
porcelains with kerosene, and doing
in two minutes what an hour’s scrub
bing with soap would not accom
plish.
Filling a hot-water bottle slightly
with cold water, and slipping it un
der the back of the neck on a wake
ful night; or in the hollow of the
back when you are tired and rest
less. Sometimes the cool application
will work when hot applicationfl,
tfounter-irritants, or even opiates only
add to the nervousness.
Buttering the oatmeal kettle, or
any utensil in which sticky cereals
are cooked. It will help the flavor,
and the kettle can be washed after
wards without scraping or soaking.
A little lemon juice, or a few drops
of vinegar, when even ice water
doesn’t seem to quench the thirst.
A little water when frying any
kind of pork. It will cook better and
no matter how brown and well done,
will never be hard and indigestible
as is the case when using the fat
alone.
A little flour and water, when it is
desirable to economize on milk when
making creamed dishes.
A belt made of narrow elastic,
buckled or buttoned, to keep the shirt
waist in position, instead of the usual
tape.
Jeffersonian
Power that Pays
For itself
There is a long line of machines that save labor and make money for the
■ farmer. But you are not operating them to the best advantage if you do ■
I not have a reliable power.
Cream separators, feed cutters, corn shelters and wood saws are valuable
machines for the farm, but no one of them is complete in itself. Each
■ requires a power to operate it.
Here is the great advantage of having one of the simple, powerful,
dependable I. H. C. gasoline engines on the farm.
An I. H. C. engine is not a machine for just one duty, like a churn or a
pump. It is a machine of many duties. It enables you to operate all
other machines to best advantage.
Its duties extend all through the year and it is used almost every day
in the year.
There is corn to shell, feed to cut, water to pump, wood to saw and many ■
other jobs, all of which you cannot do profitably by hand.
■ ® You must have power of some kind. An I. H. C. engine saves you a ■
■ world of turning and lifting by hand, and because it is so well adapted to
so many uses, you will find it a great improvement on old fashioned tread
I mills, horse power, etc.
It costs but a few cents a day to operate an I.H.C. engine. Many times ■
it saves the wages of a man, audio some work the wages of a number of ■
men. Estimate what it costs you for extra help at SI.OO to $2.00 per day ■
■ because you have no power, and you will see how rapidly an 1. H. C.
■ engine pays for itself. ■
Besides, these engines do work that you cannot do at all by hand —run-
ning the cutter, shredder*, threshing machine, etc.
I. H. C. engines are strong, simple and easy to understand. We know the de
sign to be of the best, and we know that every detail of construction is correct. ■
B This is proved to our own satisfaction by giving every engine a thorough working
test before it leaves the Works. This guarantees that the engine comes to you
B in perfect working condition, and you have a right to expect many years of B
B efficient service from it.
I. H. C. gasoline engines are designed to utilize the greatest amount of power B
B from the fuel consumed. Every line of the engine is symmetrical. It looks sub- ■
B stantial and is substantial without being clumsy or too heavy.
The I. H. C. Line
B X. H. C. Vertical Engines— made in 2,3 and 25-horse-power
Horizontal (portable and stationary) in 4,6, 8,10,12,15 and 20-horse-power
Gasoline Tractors— in 12,15 and 20-horse-power
Famous Air-Cooled Engines—in 1 and 2-horse-power
Pumping, Spraying and Sawing outfits in various styles and sizes.
Call on the International local agent, inspect these engines and secure catalogues -Cid
B full particulars, or write direct to us.
International Harvester Company of America, Chicago, U. S. A.
(Incorporated)
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine for May
will contain a wonderful piece of writing by
Mr. Watson, entitled “The Glory that was
Greece.” In it will be shown the true origin
of our form of democratic government.
w
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We watch, the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where is Grouchy ?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.”
Handsome letterpress and cloth-bound. Price postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.