the necessities of the case, and its success will
not be viewed with dismay by the real pa
triot. The jingo sentiment, “my country,
right or wrong,” is one of the most vicious
as well as one of the most stupid imaginable.
My country when it is right, is the slogan
which every true man can echo, but it is high
time that miserable little corporation lawyers
should learn that there is a limit to be put
upon their arrogance and that this imperial
istic inflation be punctured.
We would not weep bitterly if a power
strong enough should arise to v spank these
United States soundly and sufficiently, when
they step out of their rightful sphere and at
tempt, not to protect the weaker nations, but
to bulldoze them. Since the Spanish-Ameri
can War the Government has been going tem
pestuously forward, making wrong right, be
cause of its unchecked power, and if it can
not be restrained by the wise, just and humane
protests of its own better citizens, then it is
time for external force to administer adequate
rebuke.
——■ ■■
Some of the State Railroad Commissioners
are getting exceedingly tired of the Interstate
Commerce Commission’s of-
Tired of Futile
Federal
Interference.
missioners in Washington
lately, a strong protest was made against what
these State officials termed usurpation of pow
er. It is reported that when Secretary Mose
ley, of the Interstate Commerce Commission,
gave his report of the special committee
recommending the approval of the Esch Bill,
Commissioner Smith objected vigorously that
this bill would interfere with the right of the
Stand by Charles Barrett and the
Union!
(concluded from page one)
men. And he should be a man who can hold
friends as well as make them. He must be a
man of tact, of good nature and yet of dig
nity. He must inspire confidence, and win
respect and hold the esteem of his following.
Now, that is a formidable array of require
ments —but Charles Barrett fills the bill. If
the Farmers’ Union contains another member
as well equipped for the office of President,
’they’ve got him hid out in the bushes some
where.
Barrett is just as much at home, chatting
with Roosevelt in the White House, or en
joying the hospitality of a millionaire like
Gifford Pinchot, as he is at my fireside, or
yours. He can handle a convention of farm
ers as easily as W. J. Northen can swing a
Baptist Association. Mentally he has devel
oped wonderfully under the strain of his du
ties; and as a worker he stands high in the
very first class.
And shall the Union kick on paying a man
of that calibre $3,000 ? Why some of the lit
tle one-hoss, easy-job “Secretaries” of the for
eign mission “Boards” get more than that!
Dr. Reemelin, of Cincinnati, wrote me, the
other day, of the formation of a new organ
ization for missions; and the very first thing
they did was, to appoint a clerk, at $175 per
month.
Are the big, generous and just men of the
Texas Union going to allow themselves to be
put in the attitude of saying, by deed and
words, that they are not willing to pay their
President as much as some clerks in the stores
get?
Why, one of my oldest and closest friends
“quit the road”, when he was earning SIO,OOO
a year, (selling laces and embroideries,) be
cause the life was wearing him out.
Isn’t Charley Barrett “on the road”, all the
time? Yes, he is. From North Carolina to
t California, he comes and goes; and no drum
mer leads a harder life. When he was at my
ficiousness. At the Con
vention of the National As
sociation of Railroad Com-
3kffcrsoniait
States. Commissioner Earle, of South Caro
lina, backed this up in the following spirited
way: “We have heard you ask for uniform
classification, uniform demurrage, uniform
this and uniform that, and we are getting
tired of it. I tell you right now I, as a Rail
road Commissioner of South Carolina, am not
going to accept your uniform demurrage
code.” Mr. Earle contended that if the Fed
eral inspectors should go to some wreck in
South Carolina to take precedence over his in
spectors there would be a fight. “It would
not be so bad,” he added, “if you had com
petent men, but you send out inefficient, po
litical appointees that try to lord it over us
with the badge of Federal inspector.”
Mr. Earle made the right sort of protest.
Disuse invariably produces atrophy, and dis
use of State functions can but result in a
dwindling of State sovereignty into a polite
and meaningless term.
Another governmental report has been sub
mitted that, like the Roosevelt Homes Com-
Ax Awful
Indictment of
Our Civilization.
United States Immigra
tion Commission in reference to the white
slave traffic. When the report was presented
to the House of Representatives, Champ
Clark objected to its being printed as an offi
cial document, but later withdrew his objec
tion, which was, however, made by other Con
gressmen.. The report says that the “fact of
the importation of immoral women into this
country is one of increased degradation and
death for the women victims and of contami
nation and corruption by the means of the
house, during the Christmas holidays, he sat
up till midnight, as usual, and then put out to
take the train. I told him that if I were his
wife, I’d quit him. The man has no home
life at all.
When at New Orleans, last winter, he rode
on the street-car with one of his next-door
neighbors, and she had to tell him her name!
(My wife was on the car, and heard the lady
exclaim, “IFAy Lord! Mr. Barrett, don’t you
know me? I live next door to you!”)
Now, look here, Texans! CALL THOSE
SECEDERS DOWN! You can’t afford to
let them lead you into a position where you
can’t answer, when you are reproached for
unjust and miserly treatment of the man who
is working, like a cart-horse, for you. The
grand organization should not be broken up.
There is great work for it to do, and The
Jeffersonian means to help it along. Where
we see anything wrong, among the leaders, we
will speak out, putting the rank and file on
notice, so that the proper correctives may be
applied.
But of the Union itself, The Jefferson
ian is, as ever, the friend—ready to fight its
battles, against the open foe on the outside,
as well as the schemers within.
The great bane of all the agricultural or
ganizations has been, that certain selfish and
designing leaders, on the inside, sought to use
the order for their own benefit.
Consequently, when The Jeffersonian
COMES WITH THE FACTS, and puts you
on your guard against certain dangerous ten
dencies and crafty men, you ought to be glad
that you have a disinterested friend, on the
outside, who is devoted to your interests, and
who will put you on to things—without fear
or favor, or the hope of reward.
Home Insurance Companies
Millions of dollars go from the South,
every year, to swell the prodigious wealth of
Northern, Eastern and Western Insurance
Companies. This is deplorable. There are a
number of home companies that are as sound
as those of other sections. They deserve the
mission report, has been
adjudged “unfit for
newspaper publication”.
This is the report of the
spread of disease to those with whom they
come in contact”. The Commission says that
the immoral traffic is not confined alone to
women, but “it is clear that there is a begin
ning, at any rate, of a traffic in men and boys
for immoral purposes. The need of checking
this corruption is especially great. The vilest
practices are brought here from Continental
Europe and undoubtedly there is coming into
this country the most bestial refinements of
depravity”. Reports like this need no elab
oration, but certainly if our country is not to
be overwhelmed with vice, crime and disease,
it is time to put a check upon immigration.
Far-sighted statesmen have seen this for a
long time, but their warnings have gone un
heeded and immigration laws have remained
lax. Even the papers that have tried to dis
seminate the truth and throw their influence
against this infamy have frightened the tim
id, fat-headed dolt who does not want to read
anything but the almanac and Louisa M. Al
cott literature. Champ Clark, in his objec
tions. showed that queer bias against allow
ing the truth to be told, while freely admit
ting that it v'as the truth, truth that ought in
all reasons to be known. There are some folks
who are just simply too nice for this earth
and who do not care whose souls go to hell so
long as they can keep things covered up.
The city council of Houston. Texas, has
passed an ordinance providing for a three
cent fare on all street
You Stand Up
For Benefit of
the Corporations.
would be a fine thing for the strap-hangers in
all other cities.
patronage of Southern people. It is certainly
as easy for a Georgian to investigate the
standing of a Georgia company, as to learn
the facts concerning a non-resident corpora
tion. So with every other State in the South.
I earnestly urge the patronizing of home
insurance.
Why the South Loves Morgan
Did you ever see such a bunch as President
Taft collected for his Cabinet? Wouldn’t you
give a good deal to learn how such a malodor
ous scoundrel as Ballinger got in there ? Why,
that man’s face, of itself, is a plea of “Guilty”,
—not because it is so ugly, but because it is
the countenance of the furtive, sinister, hard
hearted knave. How on earth did the genial
Taft come to pick out so mean a man?
And then, there’s Philander Knox; and
likewise Gettysburg Dickinson; and, more
over, Wickersham, who isn’t much more of a
lawyer than Bonaparte was, and who has re
fused to see anything bad in Ballinger, just
as Bonaparte declined to look at the evidence
against the Sugar Trust.
Isn’t it lovely? And Taft, he smiles, and
shakes hands, and eats, and squats around
looking at ball-games, and bows graciously
as the hoodlums shout, “Billikins!” And
when some ill-mannered urchin yells at our
President, “Hello, Bill!” our Chief Magis
trate answers,
“Ah there, Carrots.”
Whereupon, the judicious don’t feel very
much satisfaction.
One of the choice bits of bric-a-brac in this
marvellous Taftian Cabinet is named Mac-
Veagh—and a rare gem is Mac. Went up to
New York to the Southern Society banquet,
MacVeagh did. And of course he made a
speech; and, naturally, he slopped over.
That’s a specialty with the Taftian outfit.
They all do it. None of them can open his
mouth in public without getting both feet in.
At the Southern Society banquet, J: P. Mor
gan was present. Os course. Nothing is com
(CONCLUDED ON PAGE TWELVE)
railway lines in that city
for passengers who are
not furnished with seats.
A similar ordinance
PAGE FIVE