grinding sugar-cane; others until cotton
picking was over. One man was so unreason
able as to beg me not to fire on Fort Sumter
until he could dispose of nine shares of stock •
in a Percheron stud-horse.
I considered that equivalent to a motion to
lay the whole thing on the table, and so I
ruled the brother out of order.
lom Paradise, of Lincoln county, was
about the only man I could find who was will
ing to back me up; and as I did not think a
Tom-Tom army was quite big enough to whip
the Yankees, I reluctantly abandoned the
idea. Temporarily, at least.
But these introducers and the introducers
of-the-introducers make a case that is more
serious. Every living soul that has ever
“knocked me down’' to an audience thinks
he was in my mind and that the shaft was
aimed at him.
As to the miserable wretch who was
picked out by the committee to tell the au
dience who it was that was going to tell
them who I was, —his passions are just sim
ply FIERCE.
Little did I think that things would ever
come to this pass. Little did I think that one
poor joke would do such havoc.
And it all comes of forgetfulness, on my
part. Should have done as we used to do at
school, after drawing some animal on the
blackboard, or on our slates. No one could
misunderstood what we meant after reading
the sign:
“This is a cow.”
® r«! ®
Socialism to Supplant Religion
Herr Bebel is the greatest living Socialist.
He is their leader in the German Reichstag,
and has been for a generation.
77c understands what Socialism means, if
any one does.
On page 320 of his work, “Woman Under
Socialism”, Herr Bebel says that, under the
Socialist regime, “religion will gradually
vanish. ”
The Socialist agitators don't talk that way
in Texas, do they? Nor in Oklahoma. Nor
in Missouri or Florida.
But to prove to you that the Socialist agi
tators who are introducing this nasty foreign
doctrine into America are capable of duplic
ity, I cite you to the case of Mr. Gaylord
Wilshire.
This gentleman publishes a Socialist mag
azine in New York. He has a circulation that
exceeds one hundred thousand. For many
years he has been preaching the gospel of So
cialism. He offered Bryan ten thousand dol
lars to debate with him. Also, he was kind
enough to propose to pay my expenses if I
would travel to New York and meet him in
a wordy combat.
Some one sends me a marked copy of Mr.
Wilshire’s magazine for September, 1909.
The first paragraph of the marked article
contains the statement that, since the editor
of the New World has called attention to the
fact that Mr. Wilshire advertises Tom
Paine’s “Age of Reason” for sale, and lauds
Paine as probably the greatest man this
country ever produced, he (Wilshire) will
confess that “for many years he has studious
ly endeavored to conceal” his “VIRULENT
ENMITY TO RELIGION AND THE
CHURCH”.
Wilshire goes farther than Herr Bebel.
The great German founder and expounder
merely offers the opinion that, under Social
ism, “relic/ion will gradually vanish.”
I told you that they were fooling you, as
to what Socialism really means, and here
you have evidence of it.
Herr Bebel is honest, candid, fearless; he
fells the whole world, in his book, that So
cialists mean to abolish religion as well as
the State. He also argues for communism
and free love.
Yes; under their system, Church and State
would disappear. So would home-life. So
Jeffersonian
would marriage, as we know it. As to morals,
"us ’ and the goats would be about “even
Steven".
Si gj g]
The Alabama Situation
The wisdom of those who precipitated the
fight for the Constitutional Amendment may
well be.doubted. The legislature had already
enacted the Fuller law, and it would seem
that it deserved a fair trial. To propose the
Amendment to the Constitution argued a
distrust of the people. I have never known a
county in Georgia to give prohibition a real
trial and then bring the barrooms back —
never.
But since the issue has been sprung, I
WOULD, were I entitled to a vote in Ala
bama, SUPPORT THE PROPOSED
AMENDMENT.
I find that the Alabama law on search
warrants differs materially from ours, and
that the Fuller act makes no change in it.
A reading of Section 1 of the Amendment
discloses the fact that it is not proposed to
prevent the citizen from having and keeping
beer, wine and whisky in his dwelling, pro
vided they are not kept for sale.
While search-warrants issue on slighter
grounds in Alabama than in Georgia, the
person who swears one out maliciously and
without probable cause is severely penalized.
Mr. J. F. Thompson, in the Progressive
Era, clearly demonstrates the fact that under
the Fuller act, and under the proposed
amendment, there is and will be no greater
danger to the “sanctity of the home” than
there has been in Alabama ever since 1852.
That puts an entirely new face upon the
situation, as discussed in this paper last week.
The Fuller law has been badly and widely
misrepresented.
It looks all right to me.
® ®i
Watch Out, Farmer!
The papers announce that the nine thou
sand depositors who got caught in the failure
of the Neal Bank, of Atlanta, will soon get
another dividend. The bank bursted some
two ago. All this while the nine thou
sand depositors have been out of the use of
their money. Some were well-off, and were
able to stand it. Some were poor, and suf
fered.
IF/mf caused that smash-up?
A certain Atlanta lawyer roped certain
officers of the bank into a Cuban land deal,
which did not pan out as expected.
What business had the officers of the Neal
Bank to put the money of those nine thou
sand depositors into a Cuban land specula
tion?
None whatever. The men who did it ought
to be in the, chaingang.
But the smooth-talking, crafty-minded
lawyer took the bank officers up the mountain
and tempted them with the prospect of big
riches. The result was a bursted bank and
nine thousand victims.
The Atlanta papers, at the time, described
the pitiful crowd of depositors that gathered
around the bank on the morning when it
closed doors.
Now, farmer, the lawyer who wrecked that
hank and brought woe to nine thousand de
positors—and acute suffering to hundreds of
homes of the poor people of Atlanta—is the
“national attorney of the Farmers* Union".
If you've got to have such an officer, don't
you think the Farmers’ Union might have
picked one whose record is not connected with
dubious speculations, misappropriations of
trust-funds, a bursted bank, and nine thou
sand victims?
Lookout, farmer! If the Typographical
Unions were choosing a delegate to represent
them, at any convention whatever, they would
not select a farmer. They would send a
printer. Nobody would expect them to do
anything else.
But the Birmingham convention of the
Farmers’ Union chose an Atlanta printer to
represent the farmers at the Toronto conven
tion of the labor organizations. That's fun
ny, isn't it? Have we not got a single farmer
who is fit to go to Canada and represent the
Farmers" Union?
The Typographical I nions would not ad
mit a farmer into their organization. They
wisely restrict membership to printers. Yet
we find a member of the Typographical
Union high in the councils of the Farmers'
Union and the official delegate of the Farm
ers' Union to a Canadian labor convention.
How does that happen? WATCH OUT.
FARMER!
Hon. Samuel Gompers, of the Federation
of Labor, is keen for the Pearre bill. He
made Bryan subscribe to it. Or, at least, he
bound Bryan so hard and fast that the peer
less dared not answer President Roosevelt,
when the President asked him how he stood
on the Pearre bill.
The Pearre bill proposes to deprive the
courts of the power to protect you in your
business.
Mr. Gompers hates the blacklist, but loves
the boycott. One of these brutal methods is
as bad as the other. In principle they are ex
actly alike.
Suppose you go carelessly along and help
Mr. Gompers get the law which will put every
city man's business at the mercy of the Labor
Union, — Jiow long will it be before the negro
secret societies will dose you on the same
medicine?
If Mr. Gompers can succeed in taking
away from the courts the power to protect the
business of the city man, where will you be?
Farming is your “business”. Your land is
worthless if the negroes can put you out of
“business”.
Under the Pearre bill the negroes could go
on a strike—quitting work at the most critical
time—and could boycott you, making it im
possible for you to hire other “hands”, and
YOU'D BE RUINED.
Watch out, farmer!
Notice where you’re going. The first thing
you know you will find that the schemers
whom I have in mind will do worse than load
you up with shares of stork in a Percheron
stud-horse.
P. S.—lt is with the utmost reluctance that
I enter upon this series of warnings to the
farmers. In the most earnest way I have
tried, by private conversation and private cor
respondence, to make such editorials unneces
sary. A stern sense of duty compels me, at
last, to speak out. The trick that was turned
in that Galveston convention was the one
straw too many.
■ ; sj x »
Mr. Hoke Smith and the Atlanta
Journal
When editors make blunders, as all of us
do, prompt and manly acknowledgment is
the proper way to take the sting out.
This simple, honest, courageous principle
would have saved Mr. Hoke Smith and his
Atlanta Journal a pot of ink, a mile of edi
torials. and a bewildering maze of prevari
cations.
The Journal editorially informed its read
ers that the new registration law “automat
ically registered" the voter upon his payment
of his taxes.
That was one of the biggest blunders a
newspaper ever made. It was calculated to
do immense harm. Every man who read it,
and put faith in it, was.in danger of losing
his vote.
Therefore, the Macon Telegraph did the
people a service of great value when it cor
rected the Journal's mistake. After the Tele
graph had shown to the Journal that it had
made statements that were likely to disfran
(CONTINUED ON PAGE TWELVE)
PAGE NINE