PAGE FOURTEEN
AUTOBIOGRAPHY OP A CHRIST
MAS GIFT.
I am a Christmas gift. In fact, I
have always been one. My age is now
nineteen, though I may look older. I
was made by the dainty hands of
Miss Susanna Sikes, who at that time
was just the age I am now. Guess
her age at present? She is still Miss
Susanna, and she still owns me.
Oh, yes, Miss Susanna gave me
away. Perhaps I should explain that
I am twins, being a pair of knit slip
pers. Miss Susanna, it was under
stood, had benevolent designs upon
the young pastor of her church, so
she knit me and sent me to the rev
erend youth.
Next Christmas the preacher, who
had received five other pairs, sent me
to his sister. You see, knit slippers
are guaranteed to fit any feet as well
as any other feet. So the preacher’s
sister was not at all offended.
The next Christmas she sent me to
her old college chum, Mrs. De Brown,
who was a member of her brother’s
congregation. Next Christmas Mrs.
De B. sent me to her pastor. The
pastor grinned when he saw me again
and remarked something like “Cast
your bread upon the waters and it
will return to you after many days.”
The next Christmas the pastor sent
me to his old college chum, who was
sweet on Miss Susanna. There was
every prospect of a match, since Miss
Susanna had despaired of winning the
preacher, who was known to be en
gaged to another lady. But —the very
next Christmas the preacher’s college
ehum sent me to Miss Susanna with a
perfumed note praising her dainty lit
tle feet. This broke off the match, of
course.
Well, next Christmas Miss Susan
na mailed me to a friend of hers clear
across the continent. Miss Susanna’s
address on the corner of the box in
which I was mailed got rubbed off en
route, and her friend didn’t know
who sent me.
So the very next Christmas I re
turned to Miss Susanna. Oh, I was
hard to lose! I was not made to
wear; I was made to circulate. I am
a good thing, and so everybody passes
me along.
Oh, so you recognize me now? Yes,
I spent a year with you. Well, time
slips, and I must be going. This is
Christmas eve, you know.—T. Sapp,
Jr., in Joliet News.
GREENS AND HOW THEY
SHOULD BE USED.
Holly, mistletoe and groundpine are
usually strung around our rooms with
out the slightest regard for the indi
vidual characteristics of each plant,
and yet we all know that in arrang
ing plants or flowers in any situation
the natural habit of the variety in
question should govern its use. There
is no other safe guide. Os course you
know that by the natural habit of a
plant I mean the fashion and manner
of its growth.
Holly is a tree which here in Amer
ica reaches a height of fifty feet. It
is stubby and sturdy, with rather
short branches which spread wide
apart, and its whole appearance, in
cluding the prickly leaves, is suggest-
ive of active, hardy resistance. There
fore, it is the last plant in the world
which should be woven into set forms
such as wreaths or garlands. Leave
it free, and use it in great rough
masses. Put a few branches togethei
into a pot filled with moist sand and
let it stand on the floor or a low stool
in the same situation that a fern ar
palm would occupy. The moistened
sand will prevent its suffering from
the dry heat of the room and will
also ballast the pot with its top
heavy spreading branches.
Mistletoe grows as a parasite, pend
ent from the branches of many kinds
of trees, and it is so brittle that hg
attempt is ever made to distort it in
to fanciful forms. The Druids held
it sacred in England, and from this
fact, as well as from the part it
plays in an old Scandinavian myth,
comes the special significance of the
mistletoe bough in Christmas revels.
The story goes there was a wicked
spirit who hated Balder, the favor
ite of the gods. Out of a mistletoe
branch he made an arrow which he
gave to the blind god of darkness,
Hader, to test. Hader shot it and
killed Balder, but he was restored to
life and the mistletoe given to the
Goddess of Love for safe-keeping.
Henceforth all who pass under it re
ceive a kiss to prove that it is not
the emblem of death, but of love.
So, of course, it must always hang
where the revelers pass beneath it.
Supplement the solitary clump which
is openly hung from the chandelier
with lesser clusters half hidden among
garlands of green and disposed in un
expected places, if you want to add
to the merriment of the Christmas
festival.—New Idea Magazine.
SUBSCRIBE! SUBSCRIBE!
FREE—Fifty post cards known as
a “Trip Around the World” and one
of the best farm papers for a year,
if you will send us a dollar for re
newal or new subscription to the
Weekly Jeffersonian. DO IT NOW.
LEAF TOBACCO.
Write to Dick Madden, Wingo, Ky.,
for sample and price of leaf tobacco.
Dr. I. A. Wesson says he is all right.
-
A HANDSOME PAIR OF
DON'T SEND ME A CENT,
as I am going to give away at least
one-hundred-thousand pairs of the
Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision
Spectacles to genuine, bona-fide
spectacle-wearers in the next few
weeks —on condition that they shall
willingly show them and speak of
their high merits to neighbors and
friends everywhere.
Write today for my Free Home Eye
Tester and full particulars how to
obtain a pair of my handsome ten
karat Spectacles without one
cent of cost. Address: DR. HAUX
SPECTACLE CO. Clerk 318 St. Louis, Mo.
NOiE:—The above is the largest Mail Order Spectacle
House in the world, and perfectly reliable.
‘3eff«tsonlan
AMRRirAN MACRINRRV STANDAR.D MACHINER-Y
AulEKlvAlv MAbOInUKI I Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY ~ Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
cAirm vadcvth qt&wt Saws, Pumps. Engines, Boilers, Gasoline En
»uuth FUK&YIH STREET gines. Don’t buy until you get our prices and
ATLANTA. >< GEORGIA catalog. We sell everything in Machinery and
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
A purely vegetable medicine—useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver—lndigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durham* for three generation* have been the leading physicians of
Georgia In the ruattet of vegetable medicinal preparation*. This remedy I*, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of
family.
Its action Is thorough, but without gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness. and t»
wholly free from those objections so common to many of- tne simply laxative
remedies —acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver A trial w<i
thoroughly convince one of Its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here Is what the Hon. Thos. ED. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
“Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This Is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package In tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta'Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 80, 1906.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisurely
elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier af
ter courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . . . . O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.
IO Cents a Year
the: dixie home magazine
Largest, brightest and finest ILLUSTRATED MAGAZINE In the world for 10
cents a year, to Introduce It ONLY.
It 1* bright and up-to-date. Telle all about Southern Home Life. It Is full of fine
engraving* of grand scenery, buildings and famous people. Bend at once. 10 cents a
year postpaid anywhere in the United States, Canada and Mexico. Six years 50
,lx nanQe »> 50 cents; 12 for |l. Send us a club. Money back If not
delighted. Stamps taken. Cut this out Send today. 7
THE DIXIE HOME, No. <J., Birmingham, AJa.
fyiaMMedW® Sixteen Pages Weekly
. SAMPLE FREE
On Trial 52 Weeks
Only 25 Cents
PHINIZY & CO.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia