PAGE TWO
WAS born June 3, 1808, in
Christian County, Kentucky, in
that part of it which, by subse-
I
quent division, is now in Todd
County. At this place has since
arisen the village of Fairview, and
on the exact spot where I was born
has been constructed the Baptist
Church of the place. My father,
Samuel Davis, was a native of Geor
gia, and served in the War of the
Revolution first in the “mounted gun
men” and afterwards as captain of
infantry at the siege of Savannah.
During my infancy my father remov
ed to Wilkinson County, Mississippi.
After passing through the county
academy, I entered Transvaal Col
lege, Kentucky, at the age of sixteen,
and was advanced as far as the senior
class, when I was appointed to the
United States Military Academy, at
West Point, which I entered in Sep
tember, 1824. I graduated in 1828,
and then, in accordance with the cus
tom of cadets, entered active service
with the rank of lieutenant, serving
as an officer of infantry on the north
west frontier until 1833, when, a
regiment of dragoons having been
created, I was transferred to it. Af
ter a successful campaign against the
Indians, I resigned from the army in
1835, being anxious to fulfill a long
existing engagement with a daughter
of Col. Zachary Taylor, whom I mar
ried, not “after a romantic elope
ment,” as has so often been stated,
but at the house of her aunt in the
presence of many of her relatives, at
a place near Louisville, Ky. Then I
became a cotton planter in Warren
County, Mississippi. It was my mis
fortune early in my married life to
lose my wife, and for many years
thereafter I lived in great seclusion
on the plantation in the swamps of
Mississippi. In 1843 I, for the first
time, took part in the political life
of the country. Next year I was
chosen one of the presidential elec
tors at large of the State, and in the
succeeding year was elected to Con
gress, taking my seat in the House
of Representatives in December,
1845. The proposition to terminate
the joint occupancy of Oregon and
the reformation of the tariff were the
two questions arousing most public
attention at that time, and I took an
active part in their discussion, espe
cially in that of the first.
Durng this period hostilities with
Mexico commenced, and in the legis
lation which the contest rendered
necessary, my military education en
abled me to take a somewhat promi
nent part.
In June, 1846, a regiment of Mis
sissippi volunteers was organized at
Vicksburg, of which I was elected
colonel. On receiving notice of the
election, I proceeded to overtake the
regiment, which was already on its
way to Mexico, and joined it at New
Orleans. Reporting to General Tay
lor, then commanding at Camargo,
my regiment, although the last to ar
rive—having been detained for some
time on duty at the mouth of the Rio
Grande —was selected to move with
the advance upon the city of Mon
terey. The want of transportation
prevented General Taylor from tak
ing the whole body of volunteers who
Autobiography of Jefferson Davis
Written in November, 1889
had reported there for duty. The
Mississippi regiment was armed en
tirely with percussion rifles. And
here it may be interesting to state
that General Scott in Washington en
deavored to persuade me not to take
more rifles than enough for four
companies, and objected particularly
to percussion arms as not having
been sufficiently tested for the use
of troops in the field. Knowing that
the Mississippians would have no
confidence in the old flintlock mus
kets, I insisted on their being armed
with the kind of rifle then recently
made at New Haven, Conn. —the
Whitney rifle. From having been
first used by the Mississippians, these
rifles have always been known as the
Mississippi rifles.
In the attack on Monterey Gen
eral Taylor divided his force, send
ing one part of it by a circuitous road
to attack the city from the west,
while he decided to lead in person
the attack on the east. The Missis
sippi regiment advanced to the relief
of a force which had attacked Fort
Lanaria, but had been repulsed be
fore the Mississippians arrived.
They carried the redoubt, and the
fort which was in the rear of it sur
rendered. The next day our force on
the west side carried successfully the
height on which stood the bishop’s
palace, which commanded the city.
On the third day the Mississippians
advanced from the fort which they
held through lanes and gardens, skir
mishing and driving the enemy be
fore them, until they reached a two
story house at the corner of the
Grand Plaza. Here they were joined
by a regiment of Texans, and from
the windows of this house they open
ed fire on the artillery and such oth
er troops as were in view. But to
get a better position for firing on the
principal building of the Grand Plaza
it was necessary to cross the street,
which was swept by canister and
grape, rattling on the pavement like
hail; and as the street was very nar
row, it was determined to construct a
flying barricade. Some long timbers
were found, and with pack saddles
and boxes, which served the purpose,
a barricade was constructed.
About the time that the flying bar
ricade was completed arrangements
were made by the Texans and Missis
sippians to occupy houses on both
sides of the street for the purpose of
more effective fire into the Grand
Plaza. It having been deemed neces
sary to increase our force, the Mis
sissippi sergeant major was sent
back for some companies of the First
Mississippi, which had remained be
hind. He returned with the state
ment that the enemy was behind us,
that all our troops had been with
drawn, and that orders had been
three times sent to me to return.
Governor Henderson, of Texas, had
accompanied the Texan troops, and
on submitting to him the question
what we should do under the mes
sage, he realized, as was very plain,
that it was safer to remain where we
were than (our supports having been
withdrawn) to return across streets
were we were liable to be fired on by
artillery and across open grounds
where cavalry might fee expected to
■£>l)e Jeffersonian
attack us. But he added that he
supposed the orders came from the
general-in-chief, and were bound to
obey them. So we made dispositions
to retire quietly; but in passing the
first square we found that our move
ment had been anticipated, and that
a battery of artillery was posted to
command the street. The arrange
ment made by me for crossing it was
that I should go first; if only one
gun was fired at me, then another
man should follow; and so on, an
other and another, until a volley
should be fired, and then all of them
should rush rapidly across before the
guns could be reloaded. In this man
ner the men got across with little
loss. We then made our way to the
suburb, where we found that an of
ficer of infantry with two companies
and a section of artillery had been
posted to wait for us, and in case of
emergency to aid our retreat.
Early next morning General Am
pudia, commanding the Mexican
force, sent in a flag and asked for a
conference with a view to capitula
tion. General Taylor acceded to the
proposition, and appointed General
Worth, Governor Henderson, and
myself commissioners to arrange the
terms of capitulation. General Tay
lor received the city of Monterey
with supplies, much needed by his
army, and shelter for the wounded.
The enemy gained only the privilege
of retiring peacefully—a privilege
which, if it had been accorded, they
had the power to take by any one of
the three roads open to them. The
point beyond which they should
withdraw was fixed by the terms of
capitulation, and the time during
which hostilities were to be suspend
ed was determined on by the length
of time necessary to refer to and re
ceive answers from the two govern
ments. A few days before the ex
piration of the time so fixed, the
Government of the United States dis
approved of the capitulation, and or
dered the truce to be immediately
terminated. By this decision we lost
whatever credit had been given to us
for generous terms in the capitula
tion, and hostilities were to be re
sumed without any preparations hav
ing been made to enable General
Taylor even with the small force he
had to advance farther into the ene
my’s country. General Taylor’s let
ter to Mr. Marcy, Secretary of War,
was a very good response to an un
just criticism, and in the Washing
ton Union of that time I also pub
lished a very full explanation of the
acts of the commissioners and of the
military questions involved in the
matter of capitulation in preference
to continuing the seige and attack.
General Taylor, assuming that it
was intended for him to advance into
the interior of Mexico, then com
menced to prepare himself for such
a campaign. To this end he made
requisitions for the needful transpor
tation, as well as munitions, includ
ing, among other supplies, large In
dia rubber bags in which to carry
provisions for days, and which, being
emptied before we reached the des
ert of sixty miles, would by being
filled with water enable his troops
and horses to cross those desert
plains. These and other details had
been entered into under the expecta
tion that the censure of the treaty of
Monterey meant a march into the in
terior of Mexico. Another thing re
quired was a new battery of field
pieces to take the place of the old
Ringgold Battery, which by long ser
vice had become honeycombed. When
all these arrangements were nearly
completed, it was decided to send
General Scott with a discretionary
pow r er, which enabled him to take
nearly all, the tried troops General
Taylor had, including even the en
gineer then employed in the con
struction of a fort and the battery of
new guns to replace the old ones,
which were deemed no longer safe,
but which, under the intrepid Cap
tain Bragg, afterwards did good ser
vice in the battle of Buena Vista.
General Taylor, with the main
body of his army, went to Victoria,
and there made arrangements to send
them all to report to General Scott
at Vera Cruz, except the small force
he considered himself entitled to as
an escort on his route back to Mon
terey through an unfriendly people.
That escort consisted of a battery of
light artillery, a squadron of dra
goons, and a regiment of Mississippi
riflemen. With these he proceeded
through Monterey and Saltillo to
Agua Nueva, where he was joined by
the division of General Wool, who
had made the campaign of Chihua
hua.
General Santa Anna, commanding
the army of Mexico, was informed of
the action which had been taken in
stripping General Taylor of his
forces, and was also informed that
he had at Saltillo only a handful of
volunteers which could be easily dis
persed on the approach of an army.
Thus assured and with the prospect
of recovering all the country down
to the Rio Grande, Santa Anna ad
vanced upon Agua Neuva.
General Taylor retired to the An
gostura Pass, in front of the Hacien
da of Buena Vista and there made
his dispositions to receive the antici
pated attack. As sage as he was
brave, his dispositions were mdae as
well as the small force at his com
mand made it possible. After two
days of bloody fighting, Santa Anna
retired before this little force, the
greater part of which had never be
fore been under fire.
The encounter with the enemy was
very bloody. The Mississippians lost
many of their best men, for each of
whom, however, they slew several of
the enemy. For, trained marksmen,
they never touched the trigger with
out having an object through both
sights, and they seldom fired without
drawing blood. The infantry against
whom the advance was made was
driven back; but the cavalry then
moved to get in the rear of the Mis
sissippians, and this involved the ne
cessity of falling back to where the
plain was narrow, so as to have a
ravine on each flank.
In this position the second demon
stration of the enemy’s cavalry was
received. They were repulsed, and
it was quiet in front of the Mississip
pians until an aid came and called
from the other side of the ravine,