PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
PRESIDENT TAFT’S SALARY.
After a long contention between the
two houses of Congress the salary of
the President has been made $75,000
and he is to pay his own traveling ex
penses. These expenses averaged $9,-
000 a year during Mr. Roosevelt’s
term, so that the President’s salary
has been increased to about $66,000,
after standing many years at $59,000.
The increase is but $7,000, and it is
not such an increase as a great coun
try should provide for its chief officer.
The Senate stood for a higher sal
ary. It first inserted in the legisla
tive, executive and judicial bill an item
giving the President a salary of SIOO,-
000 a year. The House reduced the
amount to $75,000, and the contention
of the House was sustained in the
(conference committee. The Senate
then put in the sundry civil bill an
item providing $25,000 for the pay
ment of the President’s traveling ex
penses, but it was compelled to recede
from this amendment in order to pass
the big supply bill.
The President will therefore receive
a flat salary of $75,000 during the next
four years. There is nothing, howev
er, to prevent the new Congress from
footing his traveling expenses. —Bir-
mingham Age-Herald.
INVESTIGATE INSTITUTION.
The newspapers of the state are
having a good deal to say concerning
the state sanitarium. The proceed
ings brought by George Bell to secure
his release has brought the sanitari
um into the limelight.
The following is a pari of an edi
torial from the Swainsboro Forest-
Blade :
11 These authorities have been pro
ceeding for many years with the very
erroneous impression that they were
a set of monarchs, and that their rul
ings and decisions were final.
“The editor very forcibly realizes
this fact, for he attempted to secure
the immediate release of a patient, or
occupant, who, like Mr. Bell, was ca
pable of attending to his own affairs
and wanted to do so. We were very
promptly told that it was a question
alone for the authorities to decide.
We had a strong notion to begin right
then and there to attempt teaching
them the lesson that Mr. Bell has
taught them, viz., that there are pow
ers that are a little higher than they. ”
Some mighty good men are trustees
of the sanitarium, but it is probable
that they know little or nothing con
cerning the interior workings of that
institution. They naturally have to
leave much of the inside in the hands
of the staff of physicians and the su
perintendent.
This should not exempt the institu
tion, however, from a very thorough
investigation—one that can not be con
strued into a whitewash.
It is not known just what Mr. Bell
will do as regards the sanitarium, but
it is stated that he will enter suit for
damages against the ordinary of
Emanuel county who illegally adjudg
ed him insane.
As Mr. Bell was at a private sani
tarium in MilledgeviUo when tried in
Swainsboro, Judge Lewis held that
his commitment to the sanitarium was
illegal.
Mr. Bell clearly has a right of ac
tion against the ordinary, and if he
presses his suit, he will make it very
interesting for that official.
Although Mr. Bell had to suffer for
three years in a mad house, his in
carceration may do good. It will
bring sharply to the attention of the
people what the officials of the state
are doing, and will stop so many high
handed actions.
There are men in office who think
themselves above the law. They de
cide matters purely from a political
or mercenary standpoint. It is noth
ing to them that innocent people suf
fer. From their point of view, no
body has any rights except themselves
and their friends.
The people are tired of this sort of
thing, and if Mr. Bell in his suit
' against the ordinary of Emanuel coun
ty and the investigation of the sani
tarium officials, which is sure to come,
brings about a better state of affairs,
good will result from this innocent
man’s confinement in the asylum. —
Dublin Courier-Dispatch.
LEARNING IN THE SCHOOL OF
EXPERIENCE.
From Ottumwa, lowa, the story
comes of a great mob gathering around
the jail, intent on lynching a negro.
Only the want of a leader, so the re
port runs, prevented the mob from
storming the jail, and the sheriff in
the meantime spirited away the ne
gro prisoner, who was wanted by the
mob.
The people of that quiet little lowa
town have been greatly wrought up
by a number of crimes against white
women committed by negroes in quick
succession. No less- than six crimes
of this nature are mentioned, in one
case the victim having been murdered
after the assault. In two cases the
criminals were convicted and sent to
the penitentiary.; in two other cases
they were tried and acquitted. Now
again a white woman was assaulted
by a negro, who entered her home
while she was alone with a small child,
and was confined to her bed by illness.
With such crimes coming in rapid suc
cession it is no wonder that the white
men of that town should rise and try
to take the law into their own hands.
In Pittsburg, Pa., the experience
has been much the same. That city,
according to reports, is absolutely be
ing terrorized by vicious negroes. As
saults on white women have become
so numerous that in certain sections
of the city they do not dare to leave
their homes, and in their homes they
consider it necessary to be armed for
self-protection. Young white men pa
trol the streets at night, for the safe
ty of their homes and the protection
of women, and a race riot has more
than once been only narrowly averted.
It is thus that by sad experience the
people of the North are learning that
there is one phase of the negro prob
lem which until now they have utterly
failed to understand.
It has been customary at the North,
when a negro was lynched in the
South, to denounce the Southern peo
ple. Some of these Northern critics,
like the editor of Collier’s Weekly,
3effersonlan
have gone so far as to make the most
unworthy and damnably false insinu
ations in regard to these crimes which
provoke the lynching spirit. Now
that this evil is coming home to the
North it may be expected that the
Northern people will gain a better
and more correct understanding of this
race problem, and with a more correct
understanding of it the right solution
will be sooner reached.
As yet there are comparatively few
negroes in the North. When even
with this there are Springfield riots
and Ottumwa horrors, surely the
thinking people of the North can ap
preciate conditions in the South where
in many sections the negroes outnum
ber the whites.
It is not all negroes who are bad.
The vicious element among them con
stitutes only a minority, but it is
growing. The old ante-bellum negroes
as a rule do not belong to this class,
which is composed of younger negroes
and principally of such as loaf around
the towns, and this class is continually
growing. It is where this class con
gregate that they constitute the great
est menace, and one that must be pro
vided against effectively, for unless
this is done conditions will grow from
bad to worse.
It now appears what a sad mistake
was made when as a reconstruction
measure it was determined to give full
citizenship to a race just liberated
from bondage. It was this which led
to the deterioration of the negroes
morally. Before the war such crimes
were never committed. Immediately
after the war they were unknown. It
was not until the negroes were sub
jected to the debauching influence of
politicians, in the effort to corral their
votes, that such crimes began, and
that this evil has grown. It was a
fearful blunder that was committed
when full citizenship was thrust upon
a race which was entirely unfit by pre
vious training to exercise it.
To undo what has been done is never
pleasant, but sometimes it may be ab
solutely necessary. It is so in this
case. It was a mistake to confer full
citizenship on a race untrained to ex
ercise or properly to appreciate it, the
bitter fruits of which are now begin
ning to be gathered in the North where
there are but few negroes. This points
the way to the root of the evil, which
should be cut off in the North as it is
being done in the South. —Augusta
Herald.
TO ALL OUR AGENTS
X.
To the agent who sends us' the largest number of subscriptions
to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
between Feb. 18 and April 1, 1909, we will give
TEN DOLLARS IN CASH
To the agent who sends us the second largest number of sub
scriptions, as above, we will give
FIVE DOLLARS IN CASH
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as follows:
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian io points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards 5 »»
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian 5 >»
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards .. 4 >» '
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian 2% ”
Three months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2 ”
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in for this prize competition. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Gfl.
THE'FIRST P. R. ELECTION IN
CUBA.
The following is condensed from a
recent letter of my Havana corres
pondent :
“Our election took place in August.
I apprehended that the first applica
tion of the new electoral law might
be attended with some difficulties. On
the contrary, the law worked smooth
ly in its Proportional Representation
features; but we are confronted with
this result:
“Something more than 260,000
votes were cast, distributed among
the parties as follows:
Conservativeslo7,ooo
Historic Liberals.. 91,000
Liberals 62,000
“The figures are approximate. . In
consequence, we have provincial and
municipal councils, in several instat
es, in which no party has an absolute
majority; and the opponents of Pro
portional Representation are giving
some attention to this feature. The
councils met on October 1 to organize
under the new law, and in three or
four instances they are deadlocked in
the matter of perfecting an organiza
tion. The argument is that in a coun
try like Cuba the election law should
tend to secure legislative bodies in ac
cord with the executive branch, and
that the old, 1 limited vote ’ system was
a better arrangement; because the
party casting the larger vote secured
two-thirds of the group to be elected,
and the minority party next in
strength the remaining
the exclusion of the other minority
parties.
4 4 The foregoing considerations have
led to a suggestion from one of the
political parties that the electoral law
be so modified as to give the party
with the largest plurality two-thirds
of the elected members, arbitrarily,
and that Proportional Representation
be limited to distributing the remain
ing one-third amongst the minority
parties. I object to this modification,
and believe that the new electoral law,
with its P. R. provisions, will give
better results than the old and thoroly
discredited limited vote system, under
which so many frauds were practised..
Minority representation in some form
is essential, because the constitution
requires it.” —Proportional Represen
tation Review.