PAGE TWELVE
ONE OF THEM SEES IT.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
looking to see exactly who owns it.’ ”
This man Crowell has got it down
right.
Unless Mr. Roosevelt and men of his
stamp can check the heartless criminals
of the Harriman, Gould, Ryan, Rocke
feller class from above, the outraged
masses are going to find away to check
them from below.
The Night Riders of Kentucky have
blazed the way, in their fight on the to
bacco trust.
If the big criminals don’t watch out,
night riding will sweep over the whole
country-
It H H
The President 9 s Special.
In a special message, Mr. Roosevelt
has again sounded the “Forward March!”
against corporation rascality. Congress
has not heard such a call to arms since
Andrew Jackson thundered against na
tional banks. Now that ’ the President
of the United States has taken command
of the grand army of the demagogues, who
want the law enforced against rich and
poor alike, the millionaire thieves had bet
ter look to themselves. There has been
a carnival of crime going on in this coun
try, and that’s the reason why one
American can afford to pay a foreign
“Count” five million dollars to come over
here and marry his fool daughter, while
the children of thousands of workmen go
hungry to school, or drift into the hope
less squalor of the slums.
There has been organized corruption
at the fountain head of legislation, and
that is why one corporation, the Steel
Trust, has cleaned up $161,000,000 clear
profit, on one year’s business, while the
millions of farmers have made no clear
profits at all.
There has been high-handed criminal
ity exploiting special privilege to its own
selfish profit, and that is why the coun
try is being taxed, in freight and pas
senger rates, to pay dividends on eight
billion dollars of fraudulent stocks and
bonds.
There has been bribery in high places,
and that is why such blood-sucking con
cerns as the Pullman Palace Car Com
pany, and the Express Companies, and
the Telegraph and Telephone Companies
were able to have themselves exempted
from the Rate bill.
There has been gross illegality in the
relations between Wall Street and our
Treasury Department, and that is why
those national bank rascals got the ad
vantages which enabled them to bring on
the panic, which has ruined tens of thou
sands of prosperous men.
We glory in the President’s pluck. We
hope yet to see the stripes put on such
criminals as Ryan, Harriman, Belmont.
Rogers, Rockefeller, Morgan and Car
negie.
Ts these men had their just deserts t.hev
I'HE JEFFERSONIAN.
would every one of them be dangling
at the end of a rope.
Every day the thing we call Law is
putting to death weak men, poor men,
whose isolated crimes have done society
infinitely less harm than we have suf
fered from the systematic and colossal
criminality of the powerful millionaires
above mentioned.
nln m
Honor Roll.
Lee Orsburn, Pt. Pleasant, N. J.
P. C. Holbrook, Carnesville, Ga.
J. H. Parrish, Sylvester, Ga.
I. P. Moore, Tunnel Hill, Ga.
S. A. Little, Duster, Tex.
C. P. Hale, Weston, W. Va.
M. P. Roane, Atlanta, Ga.
Jas. L. Parker, Alpharetta, Ga.
W. H. Moss, Sugar Valley, Ga.
R. H. Cleveland, Pleasant Shade, Tenn.
C. D. Rivers, Summerville, Ga.
T. H. Culpepper, Louisville, Ga.
J. M. Aven, Shannon, Miss.
J. F. Johnson, Stockbridge, Ga.
A. D. Began, Aberdeen, Miss.
T. F. Winn, Royston, Ga.
(To be Continued.)
I? fc M
KENTUCKY TOGO STILL HANGING.
(Continued from Page One.)
those frequently supported, but the Beckham
democrats have remained immovable and de
clare that if Beckham cannot win, no other
democrat shall.
Republicans are supporting Bradley as a
unit, hopeful that they may finally secure
enough votes from the anti-Beckham demo
crats to elect him.
Republicans Suggest Deal.
Several leading republican state papers
have suggested that the republicans make a
deal with the anti-Beckham democrats to elect
some democrat other than Beckham in a deal
to secure a new redistricting act, by-partisan
state boards, and other legislation desired by
the republican administration. The Beckham
men declare, however, that in such a con
tingency, he will get enough prohibition re
publican votes to win himself.
While the senatorial pot is at the boiling
point, legislation is practically at a standstill.
The session is more than half over, yet but one
bill has become a law and it only provides for
• a stenographer for the governor. Important
bills desired by the tobacco growers, appro
priations for state institutions and for the
new capitol, are all tied up in the senatorial
race and unless the Gordan knot is soon cut,
the present session appear scertain to. prove
a very expensive and fruitless one for the
people of the state.—Atlanta Constitution.
ALL ABOUT TEXAS
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana, New Mex
ico. Homes for the hoineless. Prosperity for
the indistrious. The home builders’ guide. Send
stamp for sample copy.
FARM AND RANCH, Dallas, Tex
Genuine Russell Big 801 l
Cotton Seed For Sale
At following prices, f. 0. b. cars Alexander
City, Ala. 1 bu., $1.50; 10 bu., $1.25; 25 bu.,
or more, SI.OO per bu.
Alexander City, Ala. is the home place of
this wonderful variety of cotton, and I have
the pure stock.
G. F. PARK.
(Original Introducer of Russell Cotton.)
FASHION BOOK FREE!
I want to send you my handsome new
book showing hundreds of latest styles
with illustrated lessons on cutting and gg TP
dressmaking. I will agree to sell you n
all the patterns you want for live
cents each. They are the same pat- z"'''•
terns you have always paid 10c & f hj
15c for at the stores, made by the y , 11. •* • »
same people, and correct in cv- f L ; • j I
ery detail. _ \. ,A • -i; !;
HOW 1 DO IT. U ’ail i ’
I publish the FARMER’S CALL i '1 J i
a weekly paper for every member Xi ;l i
of the family. The children’s letters V, ,1 ; ; l
each week are an especially inter- \ A i i\
esting feature; and the Woman s /. 7'pyrn '1 • IK
Department is unusually strong #/ f 'A • U&i
and instructive. Among its spec- it \
lai features for women folks, is /•/>//, • U' A YF7
Its fashions in which I show the S' / H t ; ! • i '• i
5s patterns. Let me help you /y./ j.'i i. i. »; ,I» 1
to save money. ffpr-V. • • 4 •
MY SPECIAL OFFER It ’ \\
Bond me 25c and I will send // / j /1 I .i ’I • •
you the Farmer’s Call ev-Z//i mil •■ 11 • "•\a\
ery week ( over 1000 pages) jrei'l • ill i j ! * Al' 'A \
for one yearand willsend ft is I • Isl til ‘ 'A U
ray big Fashion Book to fa I ’/f u > ,W!
you free. I also agree to /■ fuS ; ,k» ,L' ■♦.
sell you any pattern you /jP/*' fil t Ll < W •!
want thereafter for ss.
I can sell them for 5 cts r*—
because I buy them by
the thousand and don’t
make any profit. I d-m’t want the profit. I want your sub
scription to the FARMER’S CALL. You will save many
times the cost of mv offer in a vear. WHITE TO-DAY !
JOHN M. CTAKL, Dept. W. J. QUINCY, ILL.
Plant Truitt’s Big 801 l Premium Cotton Seed
for a heavy yield. Endorsed by Hon. Harv’.e
Jordan and every other planter who has used
them; SI.OO per bushel; in one hundred
bushel lots or more, 75 cents per bushel. Buy
direct from the originator. Address GEO. W.
TRUITT, LaGrange, Ga.
PETERKIN
COTTON SEED
1 to 10 Bushels, $1.50. per bushel
10 to 20 ” 1.25 ” ”
20 to 30 ”, 1.00 ”
50 to 100 ” .75 ” ”
Order direct from the originator and get
pure seed.
J. A. PETERKIN, Fort Motte, S. C.
Red Polled Cattle
Having purchased The V. T. Hills Herd of
Red Polls, tuberculin tested and all registered.
I am offering and booking orders, for Bull
and Heifer calves, by May Duke sth, weight,
2,150 pounds, out of the best bred, large, dual
purpose cows. May Duke’s grandsire is
“The Ensign,” imported by Mr. Hills, who
sold him for SI,OOO. In quality and breeding
my herd is second to none.
W. B. MEARES,
Belvidere Farm, Linwood, Davidson Co. t N. C.