PAGE EIGHT
Clje
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Fostofiice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., SEPTEMBER 17,1908
Hoke, The Sore-Headed.
The sure test of manliness is the spirit in
which one accepts victory or defeat. The
manly man is self-contained in the hour of
triumph, and accepts with dignity a reverse
of fortune.
What a splendid manliness there was in both
Grant and Lee, at Appomattox; the victor did
not strut and the vanquished did not crouch.
Smaller men might imitate this illustrious
example with much benefit to themselves. For
instance —consider our political situation in
Georgia, and note the unhappiness which re
sults from the lack of manliness—just plain,
elemental manliness.
Clark Howell was caught in the unexpected
wreck of the Joe Terrell automobile, in 1906.
and was in sore need gs arnica, for many a
bruise; but, in the twinkling of an eye, Clark
was on his feet, looking pleasant, and extend
ing the glad hand to everybody that came along.
So good-humored and manly was Clark, in the
acceptance of a crushing defeat, that you
couldn’t help but admire the spirit of it. “Never
sav die I” is the motto of bull-dog pluck, and
Clark’s genial smile made you sorter sorry
about those places that had to be plastered.
What about the man who triumphed over
Clark et al.? They way he crowed was enough.
For months he made it his business to tell
everybody how he had done it. Then, for
fear lest the world might suspect that he had
not done it all by himself, his newspaper or
gan published “a piece,” emphatically and sta
tistically proving that Hoke‘did it every bit bv
himself. ’
Thus his allies were generously rewarded
for their share in the campaign. A gracious
reward, truly!
So it came to pass that the pride which goeth
before a fall took possession of Hoke. His
head swelled to portentous proportions. So
much so, indeed, that it was “viewed with
alarm” by various interested observers —even
bv some of those who had once, to the same
identical head, “pointed with pride.”
Having mentally obliterated his allies. Hoke
naturally deafened his ear to advice given by
the same.
And it came to pass that in an evil hour he
hearkened to the tempter who whispered, “Lay
down the Governorship, with your promised
work unfinished, and run against Steve Clay
for the Senate.”
Because of this seductive tempter Hoke
broke his word about the extra session of 1907,
the reform speeches of 1907, the Early Pri
mary, and the exposure of recreant legislators.
But above all-, he and Boykin Wright plotted
against the country counties, to take away their
constitutional share of political power, and
enormously add to the preponderance of the
big cities —wherein money rules, whiskey rules,
and the ballot-box-stuffer can become monarch
of all he surveys.
For this departure from campaign pledges
and this attempt to x rob the country counties
of their constitutional rights, Hoke was con
demned. Justly so. Campaign contracts
should be sacred. And the attempt of the
<3i?e Jeffersonian
politicians to revolutionize our political system,
to the vast injury of the state, was a crime.
And it came to pass that on June 4, 1908, Hoke
went up against it, and the steam roller flat
tened him out.
Well, that’s liable to happen to any of us,
and Hoke ought to have taken his physic like
a man. Instead of that, he has been behaving
like a spiteful boy. Through the hirelings of
his newspaper organ, he has been doing all in
his power to undermine “Little Joe” Brown
and to stir up opposition to him. As an hon
orable man he was bound to submit in good
faith to the result of the June primary. He
was bound to urge his friends to support the
ticket nominated in that election. Disgruntled,
spiteful, eager for revenge upon those who
merely reaped the advantage of his own mis
takes, he has been giving aid and comfort to
the enemies of his Democratic party. His
organ, the Journal, has been filled with stuff,
editorial and otherwise, meant to stimulate op
position to the Democratic nominee for Gov
ernor.
Through his organ, Hoke Smith has been
charging Jos. M. Brown with having made a
deal to deliver the electoral vote of Georgia to
Watson.
The charge, of course, is false. There never
was, and there is not now, anv deal between
Watson and Brown. There never was
proposition to turn the electoral vote of Geor
gia over to Watson, AND HOKE SMITH
KNOWS IT.
The only attempt, even, to reach an agree
ment with the Democrats was the public pro
posal of Watson that there should be but one
electoral ticket in the field, with the two names
—Bryan’s and Watson’s —on it, so that we
could have peace at home, and the voter could
scratch “Watson” and vote Bryan, or scratch
“Bryan” and vote Watson.
In his earnest desire for peace at home, Mr.
Watson went to the extreme of political mag
nanimity by promising that if this composite
ticket were put into the field and he should
receive a majority of the votes, he would never
theless surrender the electoral vote of Georgia
to Bryan, provided it were found to be indis
pensable to his success. -
What fairer offer could have been made?
At the time it was made, Mr. Watson was
not aware of the Confederate soldier record of
Bryan, nor of his deal with the whiskey men
of Indiana and Ohio, nor of his trade with the
negro leaders. Had he known of these mat
ters, his offer would never have been made.
Since the Hokite politicians REFUSED A
PROPOSITION WHICH WOULD HAVE
INSURED THE STATE TO BRYAN, the
Pops are making a straight fight for Georgia.
What electoral votes we get, we will keep.
•? W. H
Monarchism In a 'Republic, and Democ
racy In a Monarchy.
Great Britain is nominally ruled by a King—
lineal descendant of monarchs who could take
away a subject’s property by arbitrary seizure,
and who could say to the executioner —point-
ing to a commoner or to a lord—“ Off with his
head!” and the order would be obeyed, with
neatness and despatch.
But his majesty King Edward VIE, has far
less power than is daily exercised by the aver
age American policeman —to say nothing of
the czarism constantly arrogated to himself
bv the casual mayor of one of our accidental
towns.
The form of monarchy is still preserved in
Great Britain, and the social world is swayed
by the aristocracv of birth, but, politically, the
nation is far more, democratic than ours.
Over there, they have loans of government
money to citizens who wish to buy land and
build homes. If vou should advocate that kind
of thing over here, you would stir up a hornet’s
nest. loans of government money
are confined to National bankers; and the
Democratic candidate for President strongly
advocates a perpetuation of the policy. .
Over there, the taxes which support the Gov
ernment are laid on accumulated wealth.
Over here, they are laid, so far as the Federal
government is concerned, upon those articles
which the people must buy; and consequntly
the people who buy the articles pay the fed
eral taxes.
Thus it happens that the common people.,
in purchasing the necessaries of life, put into
the nation’s treasury the bulk of the nation’s
revenue, and also make colossal fortunes for
the American manufacturers whom the cus
tom-house duties protect from serious foreign
competition.
More than one-third of the annual receipts,
of the government of Great Britain is derived
from the Income tax and the Inheritance tax.
Last year the British government collected
the enormous sum of $72,500,000 from taxes
placed upon estates passing from the deceased
owner to his heir. The estates which paid
this tax did not aggregate more than $1,575.-
000,000.
Over here, Marshal Field, Russell Sage and
Tin-plate Leeds left estates amounting to more
than $150,000,000, and the Federal government
didn’t get a cent in taxes from all that wealth.
The British also have land taxes and corpo
ration taxes which place the burdens of gov
ernment upon wealth. The English pay no
poll tax.
In Great Britain a poor man can buy the
necessaries of life without having to pay a cent
of tribute to Government or manufacturers.
Over here, the poor man is required to pay a
poll tax, and there is not a single necessary of
life — which he must buy, in order to live — on
which he does not pay tribute, either to the
Federal government or to the American manu
facturer.
Once, we, too, had Federal taxes on the
rich—lncome tax, taxes on manufacturers, rail
roads, express companies, insurance companies
and bank checks. But the two old parties
united to repeal these taxes, and now wealth
pays no Federal tribute. Our Plutocracy is the
offspring of the Federal laws which so adjusts
the machinery of taxation that the “Protected
Industries” collect four dollars out of the peo
ple to every one dollar collected by the Gov
ernment at the Custom house.
Ours, then, is a republic governed by the
monarchists spirit—which despoils the "many
in the interest of the few —while 7 Great Britain
is a monarchy governed largely by the true
spirit of democracy, which aims to mete out
“equal and exact justice to all.”
H H H
Bryan 9 s Denials.
In spite of the fact that Mr. Bryan has
abandoned all of his Democratic principles and
gone over to the Hamiltonians, he has his
troubles.
There’s Alfred Henry Lewis, bringing up
the evidence that the young Bryan of 1891 did
throw away his vote IN THE CAUCUS, and
did explain by saying that he could not afford
to vote for an ex-Confederate soldier.
Then, there’s that negro circular, in which
so many of the most prominent negro leaders
tell their own people that they have been “in
communication with Bryan for weeks,” and
that he has made them certain pledges as to
patronage, recognition, and the 14th and 15th
amendments.
Bryan does not dare to publish a statement
throughout the country challenging this negro
circular!
Why not?
Because he has undoubtedly made a deal
with the negroes by which he expects to carry
the doubtful states of the Middle West.
Nor will he deny that the Bryanites of Indi
ana and Ohio are yoked up with the liquor
dealers. Upon these yvhiskey men he has built
his hopes in those two states.
But there is one charge which Mr. Bryan
hotly denies. It is the statement of Hearst that
Bryan sought to win tjie Hearst support, this