PAGE TWELVE
WASHINGTON, GARFIELD, McKINLEY:
ILLUSTRIOUS VICTIMS OF SURGERY.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
Faubourg St Antoine,” —the poor quarter of
Paris.
Ex-President Washington, a hale, hearty
old man, rode out over his plantation on a cold
rainy day, got some snow on the hair which
lay on his neck, did not change his clothes be
fore dining, as he was in the habit of doing;
did not, before going to bed, take a hot foot
bath and a big drink of whiskey, as he ought
to have done, —and did not even dry out his
hair! The snow melted and the hair on the
neck remained wet.
Here was imprudence enough, in all con
science.
Next day he had a cold and a sore throat.
Both steadily grew worse as the afternoon
wore on. He treated the matter lightly, refus
ing to allow anything done for him. Late in
the night a chill waked him. and his windpipe
began to close. Still, he refused to allow his
wife to rise and call a servant. Neither Wash
ington nor his lady appear to have had the
remotest idea of what ought to be done. Nei
ther of them did a blessed thing during the
fearful hours between midnight and day. With
the coming of the morn, the blood-letting be
gan. Washington himself caused his reluc
tant overseer to open a vein and let out half
a pint of the precious blood, every drop of
which was so necessary at such a crisis.
Finally. Dr. Craik arrives from Alexandria,
and not knowing what else to do, the good
man does the worst possible thing—lets out
what blood the overseer had left in the veins.
Washington did not choke to death as some
suppose. He could talk to the last, and his
breathing became easier. Then of what did
he die?
Os the surgery which exhausted him. He
could not recuperate because the loss of blood
left him no reserve of vitality to counteract
the natural exhaustion incident to the disease.
H M
Liberty of the Press: the Gompers Case.
We trust that President Roosevelt will
promptly pardon the labor leaders to whom a
District of Columbia judge has piven severe
sentences of imprisonment for “Contempt of
Court.”
Readers of the Jeffersonian do not need to be
told that we condemn the boycott just as we
condemn the blacklist. Both are brutal and
both are malicious. We think that. Mr. Gom
pers did wrong to continue to advertise the
“Unfair list” after the Court ordered him to
stop it. We cannot agree with fudge Park
er, —able lawyer though he is,—that a Court
has no authority to enjoin a newspaper, maga
zine or book.
Liberty of the Press is not more sacred than
liberty of the person. The right of free speech
is not of higher dignity than the right to work
and to own property.
Yet no one questions the authority of a
Court to enjoin us from using our property
or our freedom of person in such away as to
injure others. We consider freedom of speech
one of our dearest liberties, —but would we
question the action of a Court if, for example,
some unprotected woman was given the bene
fit of an injunction against the tormenting and
persistent letter-writing or love-making of a
would-be lover?
We think that Judge Parker’s statement is
preposterous when he declares that the busi
ness of a citizen cannot be protected by injunc
tion when some editor is trying to ruin it by
attacking it in his periodical.
Why should editors and publishers be put
upon a different footing from other classes of
peopled
Why may not a court legally restrain Gom
pers, the editor, from doing irreparable injury
to his fellow man?
Tkffftrsoittan
Gompers, the individual citizen, could assur
edly be so restrained; —why does he become
exempt by doing the mischief as editor?
It is true that Congress and state legislatures
have no authority to abridge the freedom of
the press, but the law must be construed reas
onably. One’s common sense tells him that
this liberty must not degenerate into license
to publish obscenities, seditious matter provo
cative of lawlessness, or other stuff injurious
to public morals or violative of private rights.
In fact, Congress and State legislation does
abridge the liberty of the press, in that very
way,—and quite properly. It will not do to
say that the editor and publisher can be
reached by damage suits 'and criminal war
rants.
There are cases in which these remedies are
inadequate. To put a stop to the wrong-doing,
to prevent irreparable injury, and to avoid
a multiplicity of suits, equity will take juris
diction and, by injunction, protect the peace,
the property and the business which are in
jeopardy.
While we think this is the sound legal view
of the question, we deplore the harsh punish
ment inflicted upon the labor leaders. A fine
of SIOO, or a week in jail, would have met all
the demands of justice.
* n *
Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
We are glad to have in Georgia so distin
guished a guest as Mr. Taft, and we want to
see genuine Southern hospitality extended, but
we hate to see him made a cheap advertise
ment.
Mr. Taft is a quiet, unassuming gentleman
who came South to enjoy our climate and rest,
and not to be made a public show.
No doubt the one who is most tired of all
of this cheap fuss over him is Mr. Taft himself.
it
It seems that the policy to increase the bur
den of the tax payer will continue to grow in
stead of decrease.
With our foreign possessions on our hands,
the Panama canal costing five times as much
as was estimated, the building and maintain
ing of an immense navy; keeping up a large
standing army and a tendency to increase the
salary of every person connected with the gov
ernment, where will the taxpayer’s burden end?
35,000 KILLED BY ACCIDENT.
The total annual mortality from accidents in
the United States among adult wage-earning
men is between 30,000 and 35,000, of which
at least one-third and perhaps one-half should
be saved by intelligent and rational methods
of factory inspection, legislation, and control.
There also were approximately 2,000.000 ac
cidents that were not fatal, curtailing the nor
mal longevity among those exposed to the of
ten needless risk of industrial casualties.
These conclusions are announced in a bul
letin by the bureau of labor, which advocates a
more earnest effort to profit by the industrial
methods of European countries.
Add to this the number of children, also, and
you will hardly believe the figures.
How much better it would be, if Congress
would give more attention to such legislation
as this instead of to making appropriations for
a big navy, and increasing salaries?
Or wasting time in rebuking the President
for insinuating that there are members of that
body who need their records investigated by
secret service detectives?
Since Congress interpreted certain parts of
the President’s message to mean that members
of that body were dishonest and needed the
secret service agents to look into their records,
things have been lively in Washington.
And the end is not yet in sight.
It true that the President has declared he
did not intend to cast any such insinuations,
and we are disappointed at his apparent back
down; but he may have a few trump cards
which he will play when Congress passes the
resolution calling him to task for using such
language.
If he has, then look for the fun to begin.
Things*will be told on some of our big men
that will surprise the majority of people, and
“the folks at home” will begin to sit up and
take notice.
The stir caused when Senator Bailey’s and
Senator Foraker’s Standard Oil records were
made public will be a summer breeze compared
to a tornado.
But it will be a good thing for the whole
country to let the people know just what kind
of representatives they have at Washington.
One trouble with the country now is that we
know too little about what our representatives
do after they get to Washington.
Yes, encourage Congress and the President
to keep up the row, and let us find out who is
honest and who is dishonest.
Well, the fireworks have begun.
The House of Representatives has called the
President to task for that part of his .message
which was objectionable, and ordered it strick
en from the record.
This left the President where he either had
to fight back or back down, and he has
begun to fight back.
His first shot seems to have hit the bull’s
eve and it was aimed at his old enemy, Sen.
Tillman.
The majority of people were disgusted when
Congress kicked up such a row over the fact
that the President even hinted that a member
of that body could be anything but as pure as
snow.
For we remember that two members of that
were convicted of crime only a few years
ago. a
And we know it still has Platt, Foraker, De
pew, Bailey and others among its members, to
sav nothing of many lesser lights.
We expected to hear of the President’s guns
being turned upon one of those whom many
people belieVe to be untrue to their trust, but
we did not expect him to fire the first shot at
the Senator from South Carolina.
One of the charges brought against Mr. Till
man is that he was connected with the Oregon
land frauds, and the other is that he has
abused his franking privileges, as a Senator,
and used it for private use. The latter charge
Mr. Tillman virtually confirms when he ad
mits that he has been sending his typewriter
from home to Washington and from Washing
ton home through- the mails, under his. frank.
The former charge is established in Tillman’s
own letter, produced by the President.
•e
Hon. Champ Clark, of Missouri, has been
elected Democratic leader of the next Congress
to succeed Hon. John Sharp Williams who
goes to the Senate.
It is to be hoped that the Democrats will
accomplish more under Clark’s leadership
than they did under Williams’.
Mr. Clark will certainly be an improvement
upon the man who was “personally not sorry
that Speaker Cannon was re-elected.” Any
man who is personally glad of Cannon’s suc
cess, ought to be put in the same category
with that old corporation tool.
Prof. Charles Zueblin, formerly of the Uni
versity of Chicago, is delivering a lecture, in
western cities, in which he advocates the in
termarriage of whites and blacks.
This kind of a teacher ought to be treated to
a coat of tar and feathers and given a ride on a
rail.
A white man who wants our daughters to
marry negroes, to bring down the general level
of the Caucasian to nearly that of the inferior
African, deserves at least a good dose of buggy
trace, *