PAGE FOURTEEN
CATERING TO THE SICK.
By Jean Dupre.
Those who are shut in by illness or
disability are apt to become querulous
and to chafe under confinement, and
the nurse or attendant is required,
oftentimes, to exert her utmost skill
to prevent a rise of temperature
under such conditions. That is the
true secret of good nursing, to keep
the mind of the patient free from
worry and to prevent any undue ex
citement.
The way in which a meal is served
has also a striking effect on the con
valescent. The china, glass and silver
should be of the daintest and bright
est and the tray-cloth fresh and
attractive-looking. There should al
ways be found room for a flower.
Diet ought not to be discussed with
the patient, nor even suggested, nor
should any article of food be seen in
the sick-room between meals. A plate
of fruit, jelly, etc., surrounded by
medicine bottles, is very objection
able.
A small medicine chest ought to be
reserved for bottles and glasses, and
after medicine has been administered,
and the mouth rinsed, all trace of it
should be removed from the invalid’s
sight.
Before serving a meal, if the hair is
brushed and the face and hands are
bathed with cologne and water, it
will induce an appetite. The person
in attendance should make some
little addition to her own toilette, a
bow of ribbon or a. piece of lace; in
fact, anything to make a bright spot
in a dull day.
A little harmless deception in the
matter of food will do no harm. Plain
boiled fish is depressingly wholesome,
while a filet of the same, garnished
with green butter balls —colored with
parsley—and given a fanciful title
will appear in an entirely new light.
The same applies to calves’-foot jelly,
(’hopped up and served in a pretty
glass dish, and decorated with a
spoonful of whipped cream and a few
candied violets or roseleaves, it will
be a great deal more appetizing to the
convalescent invalid.
A nurse must be firm and patient,
yet making allowance for the fact
that what seems like peevishness may
be due to excessive weakness, and
the importance of obeying the doc
tor’s orders cannot be overestimated.
—Paris Modes.
HARRON.
■Scrape the outside skin off the
small green asparagus and cut off all
but two inches from the tips. Tie in
bunches and steam until tender,
plunge into cold water and drain per
fectly dry and put on ice. When
ready to serve cut into one-inch
lengths and mix with chicory pulled
into small bits and put on lettuce
leaves. Cover with French dressing.
Ilisgen, who is running for presi
dent on the Hearst party ticket, was
notified of his nomination Monday,
and he modestly accepted the honor.
It is not stated how many wards
Candidate Ilisgen expects to carry.—
Dublin (Ga.) Times.
No tax that could be leived for'
making and keeping up good roads
will ever equal the tax now paid for
bad ones. Put that in your pipe and
smoke it, all you who are seared at
taxation for roads. —W. F. Massey.
Say, Mr. Farmer!
Never before in the history of our
country has there been a time when
scientific farming received more at
tention than it is receiving at the
present time. It behooves every man
selecting farming as an occupation to
avail himself of every opportunity to
keep abreast of the time. It is also
necessary for his wife to know the
■‘ins and outs” of her department—the
home —in order that both may work
systematically. It is every man’s
duty to post himself in all the differ
ent features of farm life and to do so
he must have the right kind of litera
ture. His wife must also have some
thing for her department, and to
these ends the Texas Farmer, a week
ly farm journal, stands without a peer.
This journal should go into every far
mer’s home every week. For the pur
pose of putting it there we are going
to make an unheard of offer, an offer
that will not hold good after October 1
because the price and what we offer is
too ridiculously low for us to continue
it and make good.
We will send the Texas Farmer and
the National Home Journal, both, one
year for 95 cents; the publishers’ price
being $1.50. As an inducement for you
to hurry in your subscription we will
give to each of the first 7,000 sub
scribers one share in a well we are
going to bore for oil in an oil district
on on a 2,000 acre lease. If we get oil,
both the lease and the well will belong
absolutely to these 7,000 subscribers
and will mean at least one or two
thousand dollars to each of them.
if the oil is found to exist in paying
quantities a company will then be or
ganized by us and each subscriber is
to pay in sll more. One of which is
to go to us for our part in carrying
the proposition through to a success
ful issue, and the other ten is to go
into the treasury of the new com
pany for developing purposes; in other
words, to bore more wells on the lease
and conduct the business of the com
pany in general. The well does not
cost cue subscribers one cent. We are
depositing with the First State Bank
of Dallas, to the credit of a trustee, 35
cents out of the amount received from
every subscriber for the purpose of
boring the well. If we get oil, and
we are going to bore in an oil district,
each subscriber’s share will be worth
one or two thousand dollars and he
will not then mind paying in the
other sll which will develop it and
make it worth much more to him.
REMEMBER, WE ARB AFTER
THESE 7,000 SUBSCRIBERS AND
WANT THEM WITHIN THE NEXT
SIXTY DAYS and will send these
papers at this price until October 1 in
effort to get them by that time if
possible. Don’t lose any time study
ing over the matter, as the well does
not cost you one cent unless we get
oil, and if we do strike it just sll is
all it will cost you afterward. Only
one share is allowed to one person,
which makes it a “square deal” for all
alike. Hurry in your subscription to
day and both the papers will be sent
you for one year and also a certificate
f-r your share in the well. Send
money by any safe means, but no pri
vate checks will be accepted unless
ten cents is added for collection.
Hurry up and get in on time.
SMITH’S CO-OPERATIVE AGENCY,
Dallas, Texas.
3ftffersonian
AMCDtFAM MRCHINFOV STANDAR.U MACHINERY
ARIEKIVAII luAunllNfcKl I Saw Mills, Shingle Mills, Lath Mills, Portable
COMPANY Saw Mills, Hustler Saw Mills, Log Beam Saw
v Mills, Feed Mills, Corn and Flour Mills, Wood
.io catitm varcvtw ctruijt Saws, Pumps. Engines. Boilers. Gasoline En-
49 SOUTH FORSYTH STREET Don>t buy until you ge( our pricM and
ATLANTA •• GEORGIA ca t a !°g- We sell everything in Machinery and
PREMIUM
... -
15 Magazine Subscrip-
tions at SI.OO, or 10
Weekly Subscrip
tions at SI.OO
OLD MISSION
■BB CLOCK
Mission Style and things are now the
||BBl|||fad. Be in style, though the heavens fall.
M This clock stands nearly three feet
high; its dial is one foot square, made of
solid oak, handsomely finished; its hands
and figures are of brass, finished in the
H Bl H Mission Style; its pendulum is 15 inches
long, with brass pendulum bulb. Strikes
Bl Bk hours and half-hours on cathedral gong.
A guarantee by the manufacturers in-
■ BB sures its absolute reliability as a time-
B mL piece.
■ IB The cut (loes not begin t 0 give a true
- . ■ M| conception of the real beauty, intrinsic
value or the ornamental possibilities of
Illi |||j « this clock. You can hang it in your hall,
■PS HSI den ’ librar y or dining-room, and its rich,
artistic beauty enhances the decorative
J.. , . effect of your home.
BBJBJB See page seven for “How to Get Up a
Club.”
•‘lf wc (the South) begin NOW by supporting HOME INSTITUTIONS
of merit it is nara to estimate the benefit that will accrue from such a policy
in the next ten years.”—-Richard H. Edmonds.
Übc Georgia IHome
Insurance Go.
of Columbus, Ga., is a HOME INSTITUTION
ORGANIZED 1859 NEARLY A HALF CENTURY OLD
4
Total Assets Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders Over One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization Over Five Million Dollars
Patronize the Georgia Home and Help IT to help YOU Develop
the Infinite Resources of Dixie Land.
AGENCIES THROUGHOUT THE SOUTH
IO Cents a Year
THE DIXIE HOME MAGAZINE
c C ntA r T« t a>.’’to g Y„TrU n A MAGAZINE in the worid tor 10
It is bright and up-to-date. Tells all about Southern Home Life. It Is full of fine
engravings of grand scenery buildings and famous people. Send at once 10 cents a *
year postpaid anywhere in the United States, Canada and Mexico Six years 50
cents, or, clubs of six names, 50 cents; 12 for sl. Send us a club Monf?nkt
delighted. Stamps taken. Cut this out. Send today. Money b k “ ‘
THE DIXIE HOME, No. «J., Birmingham, Ala.