dull, they (the priests) would grant indul
gences for the commission of crime.
The two old parties may not be as open in
granting “indulgences,” but they say in ef
fect to their dupes, Now you just go ahead and
vote the ticket and ask no questions. You
are not competent to help frame a platform;
indeed, you couldn’t comprehend its mean
ing, and you haven’t anything to do but vote
the ticket we superior beings put out.
I am glad the people are doing a little think
ing for themselves.
1 venture the assertion that lion. Thos. E.
Watson has done more to enlighten tin 1 peo
ple than any other hundred men in America.
He may not receive his just reward in this
life, but unborn generations will erect monu
ments to this man.
Any one acquainted with his public life
knows that mammon cannot buy him. I am
confident that he could get any .amount he
might name to desert the people's cause—
yea, to only keep his mouth shut and his
pen idle.
The great middle class, the masses, should
show their appreciation of his services by
voting the Watson ticket* next November.
If any farmer, laboring man, or, indeed, any
honest man of whatever vocation, votes for
either one of the old parties next November,
it will be because he is not enlightened, or
else he is blinded by prejudice.
J. H. LINGO. M, T).
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
offers courses in the following departments:
Literary, Music, Expression, Art, Business,
Bible. It offers as much of real merit as any
preparatory school in the state and at less
cost than most other schools demand. If inter
ested write for catalog to
CLAUDE GRAY, President,
LOCUST GROVE, GA.
Spectacles
dSI.. GIVEN'AWAY 45®,
cE * wSS Just me your name V*
fl ’$ MB address and I will mail you at once
IB my Free Home Eye Tester and full par-
a. y; "?M| ticulars how to obtain a pair of my handsome ten karat W2W
ui Spectacles without one cent of cost.
S IBIIBIIP You see » I want to P rove ever y spectacle-wearer on earth ;
X slmliHh Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision Spectacles are really
| and truly ever so much better than any you have ever worn before
- —and J ain b r °i n e? to give away at least one hundred-thousand pairs
® llliliiiiß ie F r * Haux famous Perfect Vision ten karat Spectacles
£ in the next few weeks, in order to introduce my wonderful glasses
■g to the largest number of spectacle-wearers in the shortest
IwOBBIs P° BS^e time.
o WteSSi Write today for my Free Home Eye Tester and ten karat
2 Spectacle Offer. Address: —
~ DR. HAUX SPECTACLE CO., Block 318 St. Louis, Mo.
1 ALSO WANT A FEW AGENTS
Iff/ any P eTßon not earning at least SSO weekly should ask for my
Special Agents Terms at once.
WMBWITMT’Xtbve Order'"gpectaviei~Honß.‘ lo theVVorld ateT pertecUy
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Keep Up Your French
READ 16 Courrier des Etats-Unis
the official French newspaper in America. Lat
est news from Paris. SHORT AND SERIAL
STORIES. Parisian fashions. Literary con
tributions by prominent writers.
La Cuisine Francaise. Sample copy free.
Address Mr. Alexandre, Subscription Dept, 195
Fulton St.. New York City.
(high grade gb
DROP-HEAD %I | i IJ fe
LIGHT RUNNING I # flZl
sewing
MACHINE i
Positively the greatest Sewing-Machine value
ever offered. By our direct selling- plan, we
save you all dealers’ and agents’ profits. This
SA~_ « /a Machine is equal to
jlwßqhQ any usually sold by
r IgT agents for $30.00.
-53 Is substantially
“?5 e= ' TRY made of best
ca. -S Jib*' j Baa^eiaa k and is
22 S Q 1 equipped with
Q*. 00 Kia |-} le ] a t ca t i ;n _
*—■ =» m f tits provements. Ete
'S) iW/ Wp gant oak drop-leaf
• 0 cabinet, 4 drawers
£2 • /jTsgSsLsiF and full set of at-
I tachments. We give
• our binding 10-year
guarantee with each machine. Order one today, try it 30
days and if not found in every way satisfactory, we wili re
fund your money. We are the largest sewing machine dis
tributers in the South, and make prompt shipment.
Send for complete catalogue mailed free on application.
MALSBY. SHIPP & CO.
Dept. F. Atlanta, Ga.
Cash tor Your Property.
If you want to buy, sell, or exchange prop
erty of any kind, anywhere, or if you want a
partner, additional capital, or a location, send
10c for 3 months’ trial subscription to The
World. Full of information for buyer and
seller. Address Farm and Real Estate World,
400 Cleveland Ave., Chicago, 111.
Weak
Heart Action
There are certain nerves
that control the action
of the heart. When they
become weak, the heart
action is impaired. Short
breath, pain around heart,
choking sensation, palpi
tation, fluttering, feeble
or rapid pulse, and other
distressing symptoms fol
low. Dr. Miles Heart Cure
is a medicine especially
adapted to the needs of
these nerves and the mus
cular structure of the
heart itself. It is a
strengthening tonic that
brings speedy relief.
Try it.
“For years I suffered with what I
thought was stomach trouble, when
the doctors told me I had heart
trouble. I had tried many remedies,
when the Dr. Miles’ almanac came
Into my hands, and I concluded to
try Dr. Miles’ Heart Cure. I have
taken three bottles, and now I am
not suffering at all. I am cured and
this medicine did it. I write this in
the hope that it will attract the at
tention of others who suffer as I did.’’
MRS. D. BARRON.
804 Main St., Covington, Ky.
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Heart
Cure, and we authorize him to return
price of first bottle (only) If It fails
to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
•yx tx cured; quick relief; removes al) sw> !l
I B 11 P\ V In Bto 20 days; 30 to 6 n rtsys • flycts
ifjltlj uJ 1 permanent cure. Trial ir^xlm*nt
free to sufferers; nothing fairer For
circular’ te«timnrißl3 and free trla’ treat p ent, write
DP. H. H GREEN’S SONS, Bom K. Atl.ut* Ga.
*1 A F*OST CAROS irOFI?
Av And Your Name S SILLi
In our Post Card Exchange, if you send ten
cents for three months’ subscription to The
Rural Georgian, The Great Department Month
ly. You will be pleased. THE RURAL GEOR
GIAN, Gainesville, Ga.
Bound Volumes
=—=||l9Q7|t~
Jeffersonian Magazine
Vol, 1, first 6 months, - $1.50
Vol. 2, second 6 months, 1.25
Both together - - - 2.50
The Jeffersonians
THOMSON, GA.
PAGE ELEVEN