as long as you stay in the middle of
the road. Just when you see us put
out a full ticket and every man stand
for Jeffersonian Democracy, you will
see a stirring of the people.
Wm. Vickers, M. D.
TICKETS CARRIED AWAY.
Retreat, Ga., Nov. 9, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Sir: Ordinary sent your
tickets to R. S. Amason for the 15th
district, and lots of the voters called
for your tickets and not one on the
ground. A mason carried them off
in the woods hunting, and he is not
a freeholder either. The same thing
was done in Mclntosh county, 22nd
district; the 15th district of Liberty
county can be proven, for I am on
executive committee.
Yours truly,
J. D. Hope.
PEOPLE’S PARTY PRINCIPLES
ALMOST TRIUMPHANT.
Bliss Building, Washington, D. C.
Nov. 10, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear Mr. Watson: The initiative
and referendum carried in Missouri
by an overwhelming majority and it
is reasonably certain that the Legis
lature in North Dakota is pledged to
submit the, constitutional amendment
for the initiative and referendum
that was referred to it by the last
Legislature. In eight or ten other
Northern States this winter’s legisla
tures are likely to install the ad
visory initiative and advisory refer
endum. Evidently this direct-vote
movement for public questions is on
the verge of complete triumph
throughout the United States. In
one-third of the members of
the present House are pledged.
The governmental principles for
which the People’s Party stands are
almost triumphant.
With best wishes,
Sincerely yours,
Geo. H. Shibley.
A FRIEND TO THE MAGAZINE.
Dialville, Texas, Nov. 2, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
Dear »Sir: I gain more facts and
knowledge from your magazine than
all others combined, especially with
reference to government matters.
Sincerely yours,
C. W. Benge.
CALL REFORMERS OF ALL PAR
TIES TOGETHER.
Paris, Tex., Nov. 20, 1908.
My Dear Mr. Watson: In accord
ance with your request, I am writing
a suggestion as regards our political
future.
First, there should be a. call for a
meeting signed by leading reformers
of all the political parties, including
the Democrat, Republican, Prohibi
tion, Independent, Populist, Socialist.
There should be an absolute under
standing that the mass meeting
should be governed by all the people
who compose the meeting and not by
any party who might be in the ma
jority. In other words, let all parties
be equally represented on all of the
committees, and especially the reso
lution committee.
For there is no use in our making
the fight any longer alone when it is
possible for us to get all reformers
together and make common cause.
Os course we Populists would be
glad to see every plank in our several
platforms become a law, but for my
part, if it becomes necessary to sur
render at all, any of the planks of
our platform, then let,them go (for
the time being) until we reach the
MONEY PLANK, and there I would
stake my life, my all, for this one dec
laration ; for this one plank we are
compelled not only to fight the com
bined powers of both the old parties
but the entire world.
If we are fortunate enough to get
the finances of our country regulated,
the balance of our demands will
come sooner or later.
Jas. W. Biard,
Os P. P. Nat’l. Committee of Texas.
•
OBITUARY NOTICE.
Thomaston, Ga., Dec. 10, 1908.
Editor The Jeffersonian:
Brother John A. Mitcham of Hen
dricks, this county, died this week,
aged 72 years and a few months. A
tribute to so worthy a man in your
columns is well deserved. He had
been a consistent member of the Bap
tist church nearly fifty years and an
honor and a blessing to those with
whom he lived. He was married
twice, left five sons and one daughter,
one son each in Shiloh, Raleigh and
at Mercer University and two sons
and one daughter single in this coun
ty. From what we have seen of his
boys we believe they will follow in
his footsteps. We know it will be
gratifying to you to know that he
was a faithful follower of yours to
the day of his sickness and death.
Before your speech of acceptance in
Atlanta he expressed a fear to the
writer that he would be too feeble
to attend, and we feared so too; but
while we were sitting in the Ponce
de Leon auditorium in front,* ’mid
«:» „ «■' X- ■•> '• •*’ ••'>*!*V-» • »?.<■ • - «JS-, i/xj-y ■ »--A- ■'Jfrr“Z?’«.^,-*. -A*-? ><>*». -; ■
/W*.-^S"• Z^- $?■ '>"'2'.-^^L : "’*£< <v~4^ 1 <-*X, _.
■SOLH. MF' „i‘ ■■ ?.*W- •*z
'*’ ■ ’ ’wKnc * '<•<:£•
\ j&Mtog
“You Can Tell by a Man's Farm Whether he Reads it orHot.”
4'flrtfß " T ” South’ s Livest Farm Weekly K
i" iMBIIWKMI HBf
what THE PROGRESSIVE FARMER is-" On the 1?
nght track with a fast team and a good driver" as Dr Seaman A. Knapp »
> iWsIMSwi says °f it~(Clarence H. Poe, Prof. W. F. Massey, and Dr. "
a *t Butler, Editors) — "About the best, if not the very best farm
paper in America," as Col. R. J. Redding, Director Georgia Experiment
Station says —" and getting better all the time "—and because we know if you
read it once you'll never be without it we will send it to you
One Month Free if You Own a Farm!
? And you W *H b® ’ u . s * * n *’ me now to c ®. n *^ e very biggest, most far-reach
ing, most helpful, inspiring and money-making series of articles ever printed in
a Southern farm paper —“ SSOO More a Year Farming,” whileour
other series on “Saving Fertilizer Money” and “Helping
the Farmer’s Wife’’ will be dose seconds.
w*” Taßßi! Don’t put it off —this ad. may not appear again—but just
get a postal and say * Send me your paper one month
free "—naming this paper —and if you are not satisfied
we'll oay you for your trouble. Do it now. Address
'W THE PROGRESSIVE FARMER, : RALEIGH, H. C.
5 •’ You Can Tell by 9 Man’s Fann Whether he Reads it or Not”
U’lje 3effersonicm
thousands the night of the speaking,
we looked to the left and saw an old
gentleman looking for a seat and to
our surprise and pleasure it was Bro.
Mitcham, and he was not long in se
curing a seat, for some one gave him
a ticket that entitled him to a seat
on the platform and he was the first
man on it, and he sat right behind
you while speaking. Bro. Mitcham
was one of the many of your follow
ers in this county who have always
stood for civic righteousness, for that
that was highest and best; they re
garded the American ballot box as
too sacred to lay unholy hands up
on, for in it, they believed, was the
fate of our republic. The work and
influence of such characters shall
never cease. You certainly have great
reason to glory in the number and
character of your followers, living
and dead, who have and are still
trusting your leadership.
Sister Mitcham, the widow, needs
sympathy and comfort and we believe
she will get both.
Yours truly,
B. F. Lee.
AS TO THE CATHOLIC HIER
ARCHY.
Galveston, Texas, Nov. 9, 1908.
Hon. Sir: It is a sad commentary
on the enlightenment of mankind in
this the twentieth century of Chris
tian civilization to admit the facts
stated in yours to me. However, it
seems, something ought to be done
to prevent further despicable actions
such as you think have been per
petrated against you because of your
determination to expose the iniqui
ties of a hierarchy even now in the
business of destroying all the ele
ments which make for the uplift and
natural progress of humanity. So
much for an opinion.
The June number of The Jefferson
ian was requested because it is a part
of a volume which I am loathe to
throw away on account of this miss
ing part. Sincerely,
Box 244. Carl C. Lavery.
Have you read our wonderful offer
to send you two papers for three
months and 20 American Girl, post
cards, all for 25 cents?
Vitality Builder, not a drug, cures
diseased, weak, run-down men and wo
men. Results guaranteed. Price sl.
Vitality Builder Co. Dept. 6, Chicago,
111.
BED BUG EXTERMINATION.
LADIES, if you want something
that will be worth more to you than
anything els? in this world for labor
saving and comfort, even beyond your
strongest imagination, send $1 to Dr.
G. W. Jenkins, of Dublin, Ga., and
get the Receipt of his Bed Bug Ex
terminator. It will keep the bugs out
of the house, it will kill all the eggs
whether it reaches them or not, after
it is applied. It is non-poisonous,
and cheap to make, cleanly, and pleas
ant.
THE
Georgia Home Insurance Co.
OF COLUMBUS, GA.
Is a Home Institution. Organized 1859
Nearly a Half Century Old
Total Assets - - - Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Holders - One-Half Million Dollars
Losses Paid Since Organization. Over Five Million Dollars
LIT ME DO YOUR SHOPPING
No matter what you want —street suit, wedding
trousseau, reception or evening gown —INEX-
PENSIVE. or handsome and costly —send for my
samples and estimates before placing your order.
With my years’ experience in shopping, my knowl
edge of styles—being in touch with the leading
fashion centers —my conscientious handling of
each and every order —whether large or small —I
know I can please you.
Mrs. Charles Ellison, Dept. J., Urban Bldg., Louisville, Ky.
fLEGANT Thin Model yTar WATCH
Hunting case beautifully engraved, gold finished throughout, stem wind and
B’em set, fitted with 7 ruby jeweled American lever movement. Guaranteed
20 years; w.th loug gold plated chain for Ladies or vest chain for Gents.
LADIES or \
CENTS size
IF TOC SEE IT YOU WILL BUY IT. Let us send it without expense to
you G’.O.D. express chirges paid by us for examination at your nearest expreM
offi -eandlf you thinkit a bargain and equal in appearance toaryJls.oo (tidd
filled watch pay the expressaeent *3.75 and it is yours. Mention it you want
Penta or Ladies size. M.C.FARBER,C3B. 225 Dearborn St., CHICAGO
rknnnflir cured; quick relief; re-
IKIiPW moves all swelling In 8
UI%Vi W B to 20 days; 30 to 60
days effects permanent
cure. Trial treatment given free to suf
ferers; nothing fairer. For circular, testi
monials and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, Box K,
Atlanta, Ga.
Why Not Save
Your Brains?
Adding Machine for SI.OO
A MODERN BUSINESS NECESSITY
SMITH SUPPLY CO.
B-12, Los Angeles, Cal.
W TSx. Here is a
UJsi Money Maker
Wifif for ever y
’ ■’ TOBACCO, cabbage, tomato
® / AND SWEET POTATO GROWER
'W ® Masters
B if Plant Setter
-'.J takes away all the tedious work of
■HWO setting out a field of plants. Thio
i. Sett er 13 a great labor saver, a crop
® ii'T ’ if producer anti a drought breaker. Is
worth TEN TIMES its cost to every
■M; ' i farmer and grower in the U. 8.
Send us your name and address
Ife g and we will tell youall about it and
what it will do, price, etc.
co ’ jnty agents wanted
MASTERS PLANTER CO.
w 178 So. Water St., Chicago, 111.
PAGE FIVE