mate and natural use of engines, sawmills,
log-wagons, lumber carriages, etc., is the
business of making lumber. So, in like
manner, the ordinary, natural and legitimate
use of a well-stocked farm, is the business of
farming. Now, Mr. Gompers says that the
Pearre bill embodies the demands of organ
ized labor: consequently Mr. Gompers wants
a law that will deprive the Courts of the
right to say that the citizen can legitimately
use his own property. Mr. Bryan, who is no
lawyer, and a very superficial thinker gen
erally, committed himself to that Pearre bill.
Have you done so? Mr. Gompers has been to
your conventions, and you have been sending
delegates to his, —some of these delegates that
you sent were publicly chosen, others were se
cretly selected. Have you committed the
farmers of this country to the outrageous
proposition that the judges shall not be al
lowed to protect them, in the business of
farming? IT IS A HAIR QUESTION:
it concerns everybody. Why don’t you an
swer me when I ask you to state in your pa
per, or in some other public way. whether or
not you have committed yourself to the
Pearre bill? Say “yes”, or CAN'T
'YOU TALK? Has the cat got your tongue?
What are you afraid of? It must be some
thing that you have done, with your slipping
and your sliding around and your double
dealing, trying to carry water on both shoul
ders.
(6) You wrote an editorial sometime ago
saying that the Farmers’ Union ought not to
buy anything that didn’t have the Labor
Union Label on it. What was your reason
for doing that? Don’t you know that about
eighty per cent, of the bread-winners of this
country do not belong to Labor Unions?
Isn't this a free country? Ought not every
man and woman to have the right to say
whether he or she will join secret societies?
Why do you want to coerce people into join
ing secret societies? Why not leave every
man and woman free to do as he, or she, likes
about it ?
(7) Your bank-wrecking lawyer, Ladson,
who lured bank officials into felonious misap
propriations of trust funds , and thereby in
jured nine thousand innocent depositors, tele
graphed to Samuel Gompers, in the name of
the National Farmers’ Educational and Co
operative Union, indorsing his defiance of the
restraining order of the Courts. Did Ladson
have any right to do that? Have you ever
rebuked him for it? Are you in favor of al
lowing Mr. Gompers, or any one else, to make
a law unto himself, and to defy the Courts of
the country? If Mr. Gompers can do that,
why can’t everybody do it? and if everybody
does it, what sort' of law and order would
we have in this republic?
(8) What do you mean by trying to pre
tend that, if Japan had suddenly declared
war upon us during the cruise of our battle
ship fleet, we would have been helpless?
Don’t you know that Japan, of all the big
nations of this earth, is the least able to af
ford to go to war, at this time? Don’t you
know that she is reducing her battle-ships
and her governmental outlays? Don’t you
know that her people are groaning from the
burden of taxation? Don't you know that the
Russian war almost ruined her? Look at the
“Statesman’s Year Book”, you ignorant little
demagogue, and you will find from that
standard authority that the United States
have six times as many sea-going vessels as
Japan. If you have any memory at all, you
will recollect that, during the Spanish-Amer
ican War, our government had no difficulty
whatever in supplying our fleet with coal.
The government could get on requisition 4,000
boats and barges, also any desired number of
the 25,425 sailing vessels and ocean-going
steamers: also those ships flying foreign flags
that belong to American citizens—ships that
amount to a million tons of carrying capacity.
If Japan were to declare war, China would
3effersoniait
spring upon one of her flanks, and Russia
upon the other; and if you had a thimbleful
of gray matter in your head, you would know
that you are talking hog-wash when you say
anything about Japan declaring war upon
the United States of North America.
Answer these questions. The people know
that they are fair ones. I have struck you
above the belt, — not a single blow will I ever
strike any man below the belt. But you have
got to answer these questions. You have been
betraying your following, and the day of
judgment is upon you.
Here I Come Again, Brother
Towson
In his seven-column article, in the Advo
cate, the Rev. W. E. Towson endeavors to do
what the Rev. Dr. Paul Wakefield himself has
ceased to try to do, —clear liimself from the
horrible admission which he made in his lec
ture last June at Crawfordsville, Indiana.
Mr. Towson is welcome to find as many
points of resemblance between me and an
owl as he likes: the subject under discussion
is too important to waste any time on a triv
iality like that. The question is, whether I
am as ignorant of Foreign Mission methods
and of home conditions as Mr. Towson pre
tends to think that I am.
Has he read, for instance, the report of the
Christian Woman’s Board of Missions for last
year? That is an organization whose head
quarters are at Indianapolis, and it publishes
a large magazine known as Missionary
Tidings. Has Mr. Towson seen the Novem
ber, 1909, copy of this handsome, up-to-date
magazine? If not, I advise him to get it, and
to study it carefully.
On pages 308-9-10 of the November Mis
sionary Tidings are found some amazing
facts. For instance, at the station at Bilas
pur, India, the sum of $8,866 was spent last
year, and only $181.50 was invested in evan
gelistic work. Over $3,000 were eaten up in
salaries: $2,733 in supporting Hindoo or
phans, $1,175 in running a hospital for sick
Hindoos, and $855 on the education of these
Hindoos.
Does Mr. Towson, or any other minister,
approve of a system of missionary expendi
ture which allows less than S2OO for evan
gelistic work out of a total expenditure of
nearly $9,000? Where is the Scripture for
any such expenditure of American money ?
At Bina, India, out of a sum total of
$4,364, salaries devoured $2,400, the schools
used $628, medical supplies cost $599, and
evangelistic work cost only $312.
Why should we be establishing orphan asy
lums and widow’s homes in Hindustan, so
long as there is a single white orphan or white
widow in this country who is suffering for
the lack of a home?
At Calcutta, India, the total amount dis
bursed was something over SB,OOO. Os this
amount, evangelistic work cost only $320.21;
salaries took upwards of $3,700; the schools
cost $793'; the medical supplies $650; the care
of lepers $320; traveling expenses $1,210.
Did Brother Towson know that the mis
sionaries were conducting their work in that
way? Does he indorse that kind of foreign
missions? Does he think that the congrega
tions of Georgia, and of other States in this
I nion, ought to be saddled with the expense
of supporting the widows and orphans of
heathendom, and furnishing them with free
medicine and free medical service? Ought
the congregations of this country be made to
support the lepers of heathendom, when we
have old, maimed and battered men and wom
en—some of them being the heroes of the
Confederacy—who are in our midst, and
whose necessities are visible to our eyes every
day of our lives?
At Jhansi, India, the total amount dis
bursed by this Mission Board was $3,840. Os
this amount, Mr. and Mrs. Wilmar Monroe
• drew $1,200 as salaries, and SIOO extra as al
lowance for their child. There were two
other salaries amounting to $1,000: the school
cost S4BO, and evangelistic work got only
$151,60.
At Kupahar, India, $4,500 was expended,
and salaries got $1,257 of that. The women’s
and babies’ homes got $2,216; evangelistic
work got only S6O.
Did you ever hear of any such system as
that before? Is there anything in the Bible
commanding us to rake and scrape $2,200 out
of the pockets of our home-folks and carry it
off to India to furnish free homes for desti
tute women and children? Have we no desti
tute women and children of our own flesh
and blood, whose claims upon us are superior
to those of these brown people of India ?
At Mahoba, India, the sum of $8,500 was
disbursed last year by this Mission Board.
Os that amount, upwards of $3,000 were ab
sorbed by salaries. The Hindoo orphans got
82,4 j 2.35, the schools cost $782; the hospitals
$657 ; evangelistic work cost only SB2B.
Can Mr. Towson, or any one else, defend
that system of foreign missions? If you will
examine the reports of the various Mission
Boards, you will find facts that are equally
startling and disquieting.
At Maudha, India, the sum of $3,921.43
was expended last year. Salaries took
SI,BOO of it; the boys’* orphanage cost $550.
medical supplies were given away to the
amount of S4OO, evangelistic work got only
$23143.
At Pendra Road, India, $3,800 were ex
pended. Medical supplies to the amount of
$285 were given away; traveling expenses
amounted to SBOO. Mr. and Mrs. Medson
drew $1,200 for themselves, and S3OO for their
children: the amount spent in evangelistic
work was only S3OO.
At Rath, India. $4,000, lacking 19 cents, was
spent, and evangelistic work got only $l9O of
that large sum. The traveling expenses were
S9OO.
In the negro colony of Jamaica (belonging
to Great Britain) we Americans sent $20,000
to be expended last year. Os that sum, sala
ries took up nearly SB,OOO. The property ex
penses were SB,OOO, the traveling expenses
were $207, —leaving a little less than $4,000
to be applied to what is called in the report
“mission expenses”.
In Mexico, American Christians spent
$27,000 last year. Os that sum, $6,000 were
devoted to evangelistic work, $4,000 (round
numbers) for secular education of the Mexi
cans; more than SB,OOO in rents and property
expenses; S2OO for flood relief; $267 for trav
eling expenses, and the balance was eaten, up
in salaries.
Tn Porto Rico, this Board spent upwards
of SII,OOO. Evangelistic work got $1,731 of
it; the balance of it was devoured by sala
ries, by the girls’ orphanage, (which cost
$1,700,) the boys’ orphanage, ($1,400,) trav
eling expenses $551. and property expenses.
Does Mr. Towson know that the purchas
ing power of a gold dollar is about three
times as much in China and India as it is in
this country? Does he know,that a salary of
SI,OOO in India is fully equivalent to $3,000
in. this country? Does he.not know that the
American missionary enjoys elegant city resi
dences in those foreign cities, and. that they
have, beautiful mountain homes in which
they spend their long annual vacations? Does
he know that the life of the average foreign
missionary is very much more luxurious and
enjoyable than that of the average foreign
■ - c***
(continued on page twelve)
Mr. Watson's purpose is to save the Farm
ers' Union from certain traitors WHO ARE
STEERING IT TOWARD THE ROCKS.
The organization itself, and the honest men
who are members of it, have no truer friend,
than The Jeffersonian.
PAGE NINE