PAGE FOUR
Why We Cannot. Support Hoke
Smith Again..
(Continued from Page One.)
all that could be done, Hoke Smith re
fused to summon the legislature. WHY?
Was it because he was afraid that Joe
Brown would exercise his right and
demand an investigation of the Gov
ernor’s reasons for dismissing him in dis
grace from his office? Was Governor
Smith afraid to meet Joe Brown on that
issue? Was he afraid that the legislature,
after learning all the facts, WOULD
SUSTAIN BROWN AND CONDEMN
SMITH?
Fifth. Governor Smith suddenly de
veloped the keenest desire to run for the
Senate against Steve Clay. He began to
confer with his friends. He began to
sound those who had been his active sup
porters in the campaign of 1906. He
lost several precious months feeling about
all over the State to ascertain how the
land lay. When he discovered that Jas.
R. Gray would not support him for the
Senate, that the Hon. T. W. Hardwick
would not support him for the Senate,
that Mr. Watson would not support him
for the Senate, and that various other men
who had been his true and unflagging
supporters in the campaign of 1906,
were utterly opposed to his throwing
down the unfinished work to which he
was pledged, and making the Governor’s
office a stepping stone to the Senate,
it was then, and not until then, that
Governor Smith made a virtue out of the
necessity of the case, and proclaimed his
magnanimous, patriotic renunciation of
the higher office of United States Sena
tor. Have those who went through the
storm of battle with him no right to com
plain that he was ready to leave them
in the lurch, leave his pledges in the
lurch, leave the reform element of this
State in the lurch?
Inasmuch as he only renounced his
purpose of runping for the Senate when
he realized that he could not success
fully make the race, is not his position,
morally, the same as though he had gone
back on his friends and his pledges, and
had used the Governorship as a stepping
stone to the Senate?
Sixth. Have we no right to complain
of the Governor’s exoneration of the leg
islature which defeated every one of those
administration measures which he said
ought to be passed? In his speech at
Mcßae, on the 19th of November, 1907,
he distinctly declared that he had no ad
verse criticism to place on the legislature:
and yet that body had killed every one
of the administration measures, excepting
the disfranchisement bill, which Mr.
Hardwick pushed along personally, until
he finally drove it through.
Seventh. Have the supporters of Gov.
Smith in 1906 no right to complain.that
he has completely reversed his position
in the matter of the early primary? In
his stump speeches during the first cam-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
paign, he spoke very much more about
the early primary and its disadvantages
to the outsiders and to the country peo
ple than he did about disfranchisement.
In fact, he had very little to say about
disfranchisement. His two leading topics
were Railroad Freight Rates and The
Evils of the Early Primary.
Eighth. Have we no right to complain
that he has sanctioned the new rule which
deprives more than one hundred country
counties of their Constitutional rights?
Would we have supported Hoke Smith in
1906 if we had suspected that his design
was to revolutionize the distribution of
political power in this State, and to con
centrate control in the hands of the ring
politicians in the four big cities? Since
the Confederate flag went down at Ap
pomattox there has been only one inva
sion of local self-government more hurt
ful than this, and that was the coming
into the South of the carpet-bagger and
the Federal bayonet. Where would the
corporation interests like best to see po
litical power centered? Where would the
liquor dealers like best to see political
control concentrated? Where would the
lobbyist like best to see the citadel of
the Ringster established? Do we not all
know that the great corporations can
manage the big cities, better than they
can manage the country counties ? Do we
not all know that the country counties
voted whiskey out of their own terri
tory, while the big cities never did?
If the country counties are shorn of
their Constitutional rights, will it not be
a logical result that the big cities will
control, and is it not natural to suppose
that they will fall under the sway of the
big corporations, the liquor dealers, the
ringsters, as they have done heretofore?
Never, since the carpet-bagger was
driven out and the Federal bayonets with
drawn, has there been such audacity in
the attempt to rob the country people of
this country of their Constitutional rights.
If there was no other reason for our
failure to support Hoke Smith, this would
be sufficient. We stand for the Popu
lists, and we do not care who knows
it. We have never apologized to anybody
for being a Populist, and we never ex
pect to do it. We love the men who
stood by our side in the. years gone by
and helped us to endure the storm of
abuse and ridicule and political crime.
We have always defended their rights so
far as we could, and we never intend to
let them be robbed of their rights with
out protesting as loudly and as em
phatically as we know how.
The Populist strength was the strength
of the country county. In the big cities,
we could be crushed with money, with
fraud, with crime. In the country coun
ties we had the majority, and we could
dominate. Ln the country counties Pop
ulism is strong to-day, just as it was in
the old days. How can we close our
eyes to the fact that this attempt to gather
the reins of power into the hands of a
few political tricksters of the big cities
is a stealthy blow at Populism in the
state of Georgia?
Concealed in this new rule, which is
revolutionizing the distribution of politi
cal power in this State, is the secret pur
pose of burying Watson and the Popu
lists by concentrating an overwhelming
preponderance of power in the four big
cities, which the Wall Street corporations
and the Liquor Dealers’ Association can
always control with their money.
-n * <
Capt. R. P. Hobson.
In last week’s Jeffersonian appeared
a paragraph which does injustice to a
very brave and honorable gentleman, and
we hasten to say that we regret its pub
lication.
A letter which we have received from
a member of Capt. Hobson’s family leaves
us in no doubt whatever that, however
mistaken he may be in his constant and
enthusiastic championship of a big navy,
his motives are as disinterested and pa
triotic as ours are in opposing it.
We are convinced that Congressman
Hobson is incapable of improper relations
with the Steel Trust or with any other
corporation or individual.
H it H
The National Campaign.
The Populist party has made its nom
inations for President and Vice Presi
dent and the campaign is now under way.
It will be on in earnest after the no
tification of the candidates, which will
be in Atlanta, Ga., on the 9th day of
July-
But there is a lot of work that can
be done before that time, and we must
begin to get at it.
In many States petitions will have
to be circulated and signed before the
ticket can be put before the voters, be
sides other preparatory work to putting
out the ticket.
This work should be pushed forward
as rapidly as possible in order that it
will be out of the way on July 9.
After that time there should be nothing
ahead to look after, except the regular
campaign, and the campaign is going to
be a hot one.
With everything so unsettled and so
many dissatisfied elements in both of the
old parties, the Populist ticket will not be
a joke.
Let every Populist get to work NOW,
and have all of the preliminary work out
of the way so that a vigorous campaign
can be begun on July 9, and fought to a
finish.
Write to Jay W. Forrest, 859 Madison
Ave., Albany, N. Y., for any informa
tion that you want along this line, and
he will furnish you the information, to
gether with the necessary literature.
As a special offer, we will furnish you
both Jeffersonians for six months for
„ 4 J i.. -lit