made a harangue in which he startled
every reformer in the state by saying,
“1 have no adverse criticism to place
upon the legislature which met last sum
met/*
We then wrote the editorial, “Gov.
Smithes Unfortunate Speech,” which
showed how great was our astonishment
at this sudden and complete somersault.
What is the secret of the Governor’s
inconsistent, vacillating conduct?
The Hoke Smith who was enraged
against recreant legislators, and who
meant to go into all parts of the state de
nouncing the men whose votes had made
it impossible for him to redeem his
pledges, was the honest determined re
former whom we had elected.
But the Senatorial bee came buzzing
about Hoke Smith’s ear, and Hoke was
fascinated by the sound. As prospective
candidate for the Senate against Clay, it
was not to Hoke’s interest to “place ad
verse criticism upon the legislature”
which had fallen so disastrously short of
what Hoke had said that it ought to do.
Our arraignment of the Governor for
his complete change of front was pub
lished in Nov., 1907. The Glover mat
ter had not then come before the Gov
ernor at all, —much less could it have
been known what his decision would be.
The only points which we are now
making on the Governor that were not
made before the Glover matter came up,
are those which are caused by the sub
sequent conduct of the Governor.
We could not anticipate his sudden
change on the early primary.
Not being a prophet, we had to wait
until he flopped, before we could discuss
the flop. So, also, on the matter of the
concentration of power in the four big
cities; we had to wait until the Com
mittee took that revolutionary action be
fore we could condemn it.
The conclusion of the whole matter is
this:
Those criticisms which the Jeffersonian
levels at Hoke Smith concerning matters
which antedate the execution of Glover
are but repetitions of criticisms which
were published before it was known what
the Governor would do with Glover.
Those criticisms which are not repeti
tions, as above stated, relate to matters
which have occurred since Glover’s execu
tion, and which could not possibly have
been anticipated.
We respectfully request the Governor
,to quit misrepresenting us.
•6 *
/
'Editorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
National politics are about as badly
mixed as six months ago and it is about as
hard to guess the nominees now as it was
then.
Among the Republicans, Taft has a big
lead for the nomination, but it is a lead
that can be overcome and turned into de
feat. If the other candidates £pmbin§
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
against Taft, there is some chance of some
one else being nominated, but unless they
do it is very apt to be Taft on the first
ballot.
But you can not tell. Some enthusiastic
delegate may shout hurrah for Teddy, and
it will all be over but the shouting. This
is what is apt to happen, too, unless Taft
is nominated on the first ballot.
Mr. Bryan is still in the lead of all can
didates for the Democratic nomination,
but Governor Johnson is growing strong
er and stronger every day, while the
Bryan lieutenants seem to be losing inter
est to a certain extent.
There is already a strong opposition to
Mr. Bryan, and, with a man like Johnson
leading this opposition, things may not be
entirely as Mr. Bryan would wish when
the Denver convention meets. Already
several States that were considered cer
tain for Bryan have refused to instruct
their delegates and add to this the row
among the Democrats in New York and
you have the answer that Mr. Bryan must
sell to Murphy and Tammany Hall and
be dictated to by Murphy and Tammany
Hall to get the New York delegation.
*
In his two previous campaigns Mr.
Bryan believed that he had to have the
support of Tammany Hall to be elected
President. He made a deal with Tam
many each time, and, as we all know, was
defeated.
If Mr. Bryan secures the Democratic
nomination this year, he may be wise
enough to avoid another such blunder, but
if he is not, he will be defeated again.
There are thousands of honest Demo
crats throughout the country who will
not support any man who allows such
men as Murphy and Fingy Connors to
boss him.
*
The Democrats of New York have had
another split, which means that New
York is almost certain to go Republican
this year.
Murphy has kicked McCarren off the
State Executive Committee, and McCar
ren and his allies are swearing vengeance.
New York will send an uninstructed dele
gation to the Denver convention, but
each delegate will be a Murphy selection -■
and will vote as Murphy tells hinrtb vote.
It is a nice state of affairs when a great
party like the Democratic party is con
trolled by such notorious characters as
Murphy, Fingy Connors and Pat McCar
ren.
The only fit place for either Murphy
or McCarren is Sing Sing, and they both
ought to be there in stripes instead of
where they can corrupt politics and legis
lation.
Congress has passed another Liability
law and the President has signed it, after
being assured by the Attorney General
that it is Constitutional.
The one which the United States Su
preme Court recently set aside was sup
posed, by some of the best lawyers in the
land, to be constitutional, but the Su
preme Court said NO. -
This one may seem to meet the defects
of the other in every particular where the
Court said it was defective, but the Court
has not said so yet.
Until it is decided Constitutional, it
will not do to set our hearts on its being
so.
Good lawyers and Common Sense may
say that it is a good law and all that, but
you must give the courts a whack at it
before it can be said to be Constitutional.
If there is any branch of our govern
ment that has drifted further away from
what it was originally intended to be than
the Supreme Court, I would like to know
which it is.
The President is threatening to use his
Big Stick on the Senate with all of his
might.
The President wants four battleships
and Congress has only appropriated the
money for two. Now comes the news
from Washington that unless the Senate
amends the bill and makes an appropria
tion for four ships the President will veto
the one providing for two.
Before starting back to his home in
Lincoln, Neb., with his family, yesterday,
William Jennings Bryan sent his ultima
tum to Charles F. Murphy: “No candi
dates for Vice-President need apply at
Denver whose delegation failed to vote
for my nomination for President on the
first ballot.” This referred to the Vice-
Presidential boom for Lewis Stuyvesant
Chanler, which has been worked up for
use in case of need by Murphy and Con
nors. He indicated that he was not averse
to the Chanler candidacy; in fact, would
like to encourage it, provided New York
State would fall gracefully into line, but
he made it perfectly understood that if
New York doesn’t line up for him it can
not expect any consideration from “his
convention.” One result of*. Bryan’s visit
to New York was that a thorough under
standing was reached "between him and
Tammany Hall. .-.This does not mean that
they came to arr agreement, for Murphy
has not wholly given up the idea of op
posing Bryan at Denver. Murphy was
out of town yesterdav.—New York
World.
There may be some doubt in some peo
ple’s minds as to who will be the Demo
cratic nominee, but there is evidently no
doubt in Mr. Bryan’s mind. He speaks as
if the convention were his and he had the
nomination in his vest pocket.
•e
The Grand Jury in New York City has
been inquiring into the Metropolitan
Street Railway Company's affairs a little
bit —as far as Jerome would let it —and
they have brought out some very interest
ing facts.
One thing of interest is that the Metro
politan has been contributing to the cam
paign funds of both the Republican and
Democratic parties, though the biggest
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE