I DISEASE CAN BE CURED I
I Without the Use of Medicine I
I WE PROVE IT TO YOU I
I We Prove Every Statement We Make. We Do Not Ask You I
i to Take Our Word as Final Evidence. I
When we say that disease can be cured without the use of medicine, we mean every word
we say. Every word of it is true. We know it to be true because in the past quarter of a cen-
... tur *' " p have proved it to our own satisfaction and to the satisfaction of thousands of others.
■h .v We are constantly on the lookout for other diseases to prove it on. We prove it to anybody; in
M>fact, we want to prove it to everybody. We do not care what the disease is, nor bow severe
it is, nor how many other diseases are complicated witli it. We can show you parallel cases
that nave been cured by the famous Thacher Magnetic Shields, and these cases are sound and well
?■>> today as living monuments to the grand revitalizing power of magnetism.
These Magnetic Shields keep tin.* body bathed in a constant stream of magnetism, which floods
the system with its life and energy.
BBiir 1 ‘atients are often told that they have incurable diseases. We want to tell you right here that
'-’ " iMP %• * -j, *<>w ', » nearly ali of these cases can be cured and we can prove it to you. More than seventy-five per cent
H| ? / '■£, O1 1,11 ie patents that we have cured were first given up as beyond all hope of cure, and they have
» W' W' been made sound and well by applying magnetism according to scientific instructions.
.-wlp ', All we ask of you is to send us a full statement of your case so that we may give it careful ®
Mfr Jg£ ||| study, and we will advise you fully by letter Just what can be done for you, and how it can be JU
» IK done.
■■O -,? ’ 4gb Sa -W; >• / We wi)l agree to tell you all about it and prove it to you, by evidence that cannot be denied,
£ < H? * W € that all we say Is true.
>• W l, z7 / % '''/ 'fy. will P°* ut y° u to cases of paralysis, consumption, diabetes, Bright's disease, locomotor *£
' ' jp? ataxia, dyspepsia, rheumatism, tumors, nervous prostration, obesity and a hundred and one other dis-
;.Z - - ''' eases that are called incurable. AVe can show yon the most incontestable proof that we have
' W jJ',% ■' cured them. S
z 'V e have cured these eases after they had been given up to die. ,;;4
Bl -<■ W' When you write, don’t be afraid that we are going to try to sell you something. M’e know
-..' Bl ' 11,31 11 we <l)n I’t'ove to your satisfaction all we say you will want the Thacher Magnetic Shields
' z without any urging from us. berause we prove that they will do just what we say they will do.
There is nothing else on eaiTh to take their place and do as much as they can do. Read the evidence '
« in these letters from grateful patrons who have been cured.
I *' 'iW f ® ——. I
'■ M.y y aBBBBM r| llis <ut shows how the magnetic waves from the Vest, which is one of the most powerful
OL. shields we manufacture, envelop the entire trunk of the body and saturate the patient with power-
ful magnetic vibrations. The Vest contains over Sbb powerful magnetic storage batteries con
zstantly radiating over SOO streams of magnetic energy into the vital organs and nerve centers,
: 4 keeping the patient continually bathed in a stream of this n vitalized forcm We make shields p
K- • f'>r every part of the body, all described in our new book. A PLAIN' ROAD I’o HEALTH." Eree
■•>■■<••■ ■t o a n w h o send descriptions of their cases,,
I Read the Truth More Forcibly Given in These Letters than Any I
I Statement We Could Make I
I MARVELOUS CURE Severe Kidney Trouble and Two Cases of Paralysis Cured After Being I
Given Up as Hopeless
I OF RHEUMATISM Richmond, Va., Battery St., Fulton Hill
Thacher Magnetic Shield Co. December 24th, 1908
t Gentlemen: J write you a few lines to let you hear from me. Three years ago the 25th of November 1905 I was
Prsise the Lord end MednetlSUl suddenly paralyzed and I tried four doctors and took different patent medicines and plasters until January 22nd
1908, and was getting no better, but growing worse, as 1 had lost seventeen pounds in weight and had about
given up all hopes.
Boston, Ga., April 15th, 1907. On the 22nd day of January, I put on the shields you sent me and began to improve from the first dav
Dr. C. I. Thacher, Chicago, 111. throwing all medicines and plasters away. I improved by degrees and at this writing I am in good health having
Dear Doctor: I spent the night with your regained my seventeen pounds in weight. My paralyzed side is all right. I can walk as far and hold out as
agent, S. B. Miller, and he put some of your long as any man that is sixty-eight years old, and walking on one peg-leg. My kidneys were in very bad shane
Shields on me and I had not walked in ten but now they are all right. I have used nothing but your shields for treating my case since I first put them on’
years without sticks under my arms, and straps You can use my name in your testimonial. You know my case when I applied the shields- so vou can usp
around my feet to lift them along, and in 48 any part of this you choose. You cannot say enough. ... ’ ?
hours after they were put on me I could walk My daughter was paralyzed on the 19th of November, 1908. I called in a physician. He called to see her oi>
alone, and have been walking ever since and the 19th, 20th, 21st and 22nd. On the 21st I called in another physician. He told my wife that the first nhvsician
have gained fifteen pounds in weight. I feel as could do as much for her as he could, but neither could do her any good. She was entirely limp on the right side
well as ever I did in my life; lam ninety-one . au(l . sp^' h *; ss ‘ * ask cd the physician on the 22nd what he thought of her. He said it was hard to tell; it might
vp . irs old he months or years or never before she recovered. 1 told him if he could do her no good it was no use his comin“
y I will sing praises to the Lord and Magnetism J or WO f a “5\ h a e s r entirely telpless. ’ ' d ' a " <l StOPPe ' J tbe ra « ll <‘ l "'- 1‘«» not more ban’i
as long as I live. Dear Doctor, may you live ! app iied a battery made of seven pair of compound Foot Batteries, which I wrote you about On the second
long to bless the people wiSh your work. You day she could move her fingers and continued to improve. In one week I had her sitting un and todav S h
can refer anyone to me. Yours truly, entirely over the paralysis, has all the use of her arm, leg and side, and is as nimble as she was before she W a«
H. GODWIN, Boston, Ga. paralyzed. She can be seen at my home. Yours truly, oetoie she was
W. B. ROSSON.
We have thousands of such letters, every one a voluntary statement showing the gratitude of those who have keen cured bv the Magnetic Shields nftp.- I
cases have been given up as incurable. Do not give up hope; your ease is no worse than others that have been cured. Write us todav and lot ns <rivo „ i • 11
that will be of great value to you. We will advise you the same as if you called at our office and saw us in person. ’ g J tree advice
If you must see with your own eyes, and must have proof on your own body before you can believe—
Try These They Will
I Foot Warmers Convince You I
They will convince the most doubt ng skeptic that MAGNETIC SHIELDS MAKE THE BLOOD CIRCULATE They are regular little blood nntnnpr. i v *
all the medicine on earth cannot do. They WARM THE BEET and keep them warm. They are the greatest comfort and luxury of W -
smallest MAGNETIC SHIELDS we make. The single power FOOT BATTERIES are SI.OO a pair, or three pairs if or «®OO aud the Sound o?’ InZ ai X™
BATTERIES are $2.00 a pair, or three pairs for $4.00, postage paid. Send size of shoe when ordering FOOT BATTERIES ' 6 pound or double power FOOI
THACHER MAGNETIC SHIELD CO. I
(INCORPORATED)
I Suite 262 169 Wabash Avenue - CHICAGO, ILLINOIS I