PAGE FOURTEEN
Our Post-Card Club
By Daddy Jim.
The prizes which we offered on April
8 for the best and the worst jokes and
funny stories have brought forth a
flood of replies. Some of the tales
came out of the ark, two by two, and
some are so fresh that they need a
little salt on them. The prizes will
be awarded in the next issue of our
paper. iSome of you no doubt think
that we’re mighty slow, and that you
ought to hear from your letters right
away. The trouble is that this page,
which you are reading now, was writ
ten and given to the printers on Fri
day, April 16, one day after the last
issue of the paper came out, and so
we are always one week behind. It
takes time to get up all the “copy”
for the paper, put it in shape, have
it set up and printed, folded and
wrapped and mailed. We are picking
out some general letters and a few
jokes this week, and next week we will
laugh.
A Chip of the Old Block.
“Hon. Thos. E. Watson,
“Dear Friend: I have wanted to
write to you for a long time, and as
Papa is sending you money to renew
his subscription to the Jeffersonian
today, I will write a few lines myself.
We take your paper, and every one
likes it. I love your paper and your
writing especially, for when I read
something that you write I know it is
true, and Papa believes everything
you say is true. I believe you are
the right man, and I sure hope you
will be President some time. We
missed your paper one week, and it
seemed like one of the family was
gone. Excuse sorry writing, as I
haven’t been to school a day since
mother died. I am like you, I think
we had better send the ones near us
to school. Yours for success, Frankie
Broxton, Herndon, Ga.”
His Second Shot.
“Dear Daddy Jjm: I will come
again, as this is my second attempt.
1 will try to win the prize. lam not
going to school, but I would be going,
if school wasn’t out. Boys and girls,
try to get an education. It is orfe of
the best things in the world. Papa
takes the Jeffersonian, and I like it
fine. I am ten years of age. I am,
your little friend, Freddie Wells,
Vinemont, Ala.”
Another Little Volunteer.
“I am a little boy eight years of
age. I go to school five days in the
week. lam in the second grade. My
teacher’s name is Miss Hanks. I like
her very much. My mother takes the
Jeffersonian. I enjoy reading the lit
tle children’s letters. Odell Jones,
Pelham, Ga.”
Papers and Chickens.
“I am twelve years old, and am in
the seventh grade at school. If you
will send me about half a dozen of
your weekly papers, I will do my best
in selling them. Papa is going to
raise chickens. We have about two
hundred little ones. I have four hens
and a rooster. Mama set one of mine
yesterday with thirteen eggs. Hoping
to have success with the papers, I
remain, Gertrude Gober, East Point,
Ga.”
Aunt Mirandy Walks Out.
“I see you offer a reward for the
best joke. Here comes my contribu
tion, ‘whiskers and all,’ in competi
tion for that knife. I think Aunt
Mirandy goes Uncle Rastus one better.
There was a sleight of hand exhibition,
and on one of the back benches Aunt
Mirandy sat with dilated eyes, taking
in the wonderful tricks of the per
former. All went well until the item
in the program was reacned, in which
the feat of reading a newspaper
through a blanket was pulled off.
With a sigh of disgust, Aunt Mirandy
adjusted her apparel more tightly
around her anatomy. Again the blan
ket was doubled and the newspaper
was read in the same confident manner
and with as much ease. Aunt Mi
randy solemnly arose, alarmed and
disgusted, muttering: ‘Dis ain’t no
place for a ’spectable lady what’s
got on nothin’ but er thin caliker
dress! I’se gwine home!’ Respect
fully submitted by J. T. Hudson, Jr.,
Amity, Ga.”
A Little Girl’s Story.
“My papa takes the Jeffersonian,
and thinks that it is a grand paper,
and he thinks that Mr. Watson is a
grand man. Papa has named two of my
lit tier brothers after Mr. Watson. All
right, here goes the joke: ‘A white
minister was conducting religious
services in North Carolina recently.
After exhorting a bit, he asked an
old colored deacon to lead in prayer,
and this is the appeal which the
brother in black offered for his bro
ther in white. “0 Lord, gib him de
eye o bde eagle, dat he spy out sin
afar off. Glue his hands to de gospel
plow. Tie his tongue to the line ob
truth. Nail his ear to de gospel pole.
Bow his head ’way down between his
knees, and set his knees ’way down in
some lonesome, dark and narrer valley,
whar prayer is much wanted to be
made. ’Noint him wid de kerosene
ile of salvashun, and sot him on
fire.” ’ Your little friend, Lou Oma
Cox (13 years old), Cooper Ala.”
Tootle Has a Rival.
“In reply to Arling Tootle, of
Glennville, Ga., just across the river,
in Tattnall County, I wish to write
the following story from Texas. The
fish bite so hard down here that you
have to hide behind a tree to bait your
hook. I think I caught the largest
fish down there I ever saw. I’m try
ing to think of the name. I know it
wasn’t a cat-fish not a sturgeon. No,
it wasn’t a whale, for that is what I
used for bait. lam a boy three years
older than Arling, and I read your
paper every week. Your little friend,
E. S. Murphy, Currency, Ga.”
He Met the Gourd.
“One day an Irishman asked a
woman for a drink of water. The
woman told the Irishman to go down
to the spring. He went about half
way, and met a small terrapin or
tortoise coming up the path. The
Irishman looked at it, turned around
and went back to ask the woman
again for a drink of water. She was
surprised and said: ‘Why, I thought
you went to the spring and got some
water.’ ‘Faith and be jabers,’ said
the Irishman, ‘the spring’s done dry.
I met the gourd coming back.’ Yours
truly, Merriman Tucker, Winder, Ga. ”
Those are good stories, but their
publication must not be taken as any
judgment on their merits. We may
have much better jokes next week.
Don’t forget that Daddy Jim offers
a consolation prize for the worst joke.
Obe TJkffarsontan
Power that Patps
for itself
There is a long line of machines that save labor and make money for the B
fl farmer. But you are not operating them to the best advantage if you do
not have a reliable power.
Cream separators, feed cutters, corn shelters and wood saws are valuable
machines for the farm, but no one of them is complete in itself. Each ■
requires a power to operate it.
Here is the great advantage of having one of the simple, powerful, ■
dependable I. H. C. gasoline engines on the farm.
An I. H. C. engine is not a machine for just one duty, like a churn or a
pump. It is a machine of many duties. It enables you to operate all
other machines to best advantage.
Its duties extend all through the year and it is used almost every day
in the year.
There is corn to shell, feed to cut, water to pump, wood to saw and many
other jobs, all of which you cannot do profitably by hand
■ ® You must have power of some kind. An I. H. C. engine saves you a fl
world of turning and lifting by hand, and because it is so well adapted to
so many uses, you will find it a great improvement on old fashioned tread
■ mills, horse power, etc.
It costs but a few cents a day to operate an I.H.C. engine. Many times
■ it saves the wages of a man, and in some work the wages of a number of ■
men. Estimate what it costs you for extra help at SI.OO to $2.00 per day
■ because you have no power, and you will see how rapidly an I. H. C.
engine pays for itself.
■ Besides, these engines do work that you cannot do at all by hand —run-
ning the cutter, shredder, threshing machine, etc.
I. H. C. engines are strong, simple and easy to understand. We know the de- ■
sign to be of the best, and we know that every detail of construction is correct.
■ This is proved to our own satisfaction by giving every engine a thorough working ■
test before it leaves the Works. This guarantees that the engine comes to you
■ in perfect working condition, and you have a right to expect many years of
■ efficient service from it.
I. H. C. gasoline engines are designed to utilize the greatest amount of power
■ from the fuel consumed. Every line of the engine is symmetrical. It looks sub- fl
fl stantial and is substantial without being clumsy or too heavy.
I The I. H. C. Line
I. H. C. Vertical Engines— made in 2, 3 and2s-horse-power
Horizontal (portable and stationary) in 4, 6*8,10,12,15 and 20-horse-power
Gasoline Tractors— in 12,15 and 20-horse-power
Famous Air-Cooled Engines—in 1 and 2-horse-power
fl Pumping, Spraying and Sawing outfits in various styles and sizes.
Call on the International local agent, inspect these engines and secure catalogues xad fl
full particulars, or write direct to us.
International Harvester Company of America, Chicago, U. S. A.
(Incorporated) fl
Read Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
for May. Mr. Watson’s editorials are
starting positively startling. They
are making history. Send us a dollar
now. This May number will be sold out
before you get another chance.
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is Napoleon! We wait for Gpouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon— Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We watch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening .... 0 God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.