PAGE TEN
LET7EKS TROM THE PEOPLE
FROM MISSISSIPPI.
Arbo, Miss., April 3, 1908.
Special to The Jeffersonian:
I wish a space in your columns. I see a
piece taken from The News-Scimitar, as re
gards the Kentucky night-riders. I do not
believe in taking human life wrongfully or
violating our laws, nor do I believe in the
other fellow pricing everything the laborer
has, together with his labor. Let’s look a few
years back. I see the governor of Colorado
a few years ago sent soldiers to the Cripple
Creek district and had the laborers butchered
up at a dreadful rale. The government paid
no attention to this affair. And yet I have
never heard of any one trying to learn what
became of those women and children who
were left there when their husbands and
fathers were deported away. Several other
cases I could mention, but I will have to call
off. T wish we could have such a man as Mr.
Thomas E. Watson for our president. I think
business would change a. little in several
places. Wishing The Jeffersonian success,
I am,
JOHN R. CHAIN.
Wonder why the President wishes Con
gress to wait until after March 4, 1909 to con
sider his special message. Can anyone tell?
Yours truly.
J. R. C.
AN INTERESTING LETTER.
Editor Jeffersonian:
1 see the old Pops have met in Atlanta and
appointed delegates to the National Conven
tion at St. Louis for the purpose of nomi
nating candidates for president and vice-pres
ident. Now when the candidates are named
it is the indispensable duty of every true Pop
ulist to put his shoulder to the wheel and ask
all true friends of the nation to help on the
glorious cause, for it is a just one. The
two old parties are determined to carry out
the old rule of class legislation and increase
the burden if possible. There seems to be no
hope for relief from them. In the future the
millionaire must pile up his millions if the
mass of people suffer. We need the Ocala
platform enacted into law’—every plank.
Nothing else will ever lift the yoke from our
necks. There is but one way out, and that
way is for all who are opposed to the present
oppressive administration of government by
t tie two old parties to combine our strength
and turn them out. and have government of,
for and by the people.
The two old parties promise one thing to
be elected and pay in another—promise wheat
and pay in chaff. It seems now that our gov
ernor is learning the art, by going back on
ihe Macon platform. The state administra
tion is treating the old soldiers nicely by
dividing their little half pension into four
parts, retailing it out quarterly like they did
during the war. They were in no way
peevish about accepting their services when
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
they went to volunteer to fight for the state.
Let us rouse ourselves. Let every Populist
and all friendly to Populist principles come
to the rescue and nominate Hon. Thomas E.
Watson for president and elect him. He
deserves the highest office in the gift of the
people. I herewith send a few names of men
that ought to read The Jeffersonian. Would
send a thousand and pav for them if I was
able. ' W. L. HARRIS.
FROM A GRAND OLD MAN.
Raglesville, Ind., March 6. 1906.
My Much Esteemed Friend:
I want to say that I am still in the faith
and in the middle of the road, and hope to see
the day when plutocracy will be dethroned
and the government be restored back into
the hands of the plain people, where it origi
nated.
I think that if ever there was a time when
the common people—North, South, East, and
West—should unite in one common brother
hood and stand shoulder to shoulder and
march in solid phalanx to the polls and rescue
their God-given heritage from the grasp of
the money power that has cursed the world
through all the ages, this is the time. It
begins to look like the axe was laid at the
root of the tree of liberty, and unless the
people are aroused from their long Van Win
kle sleep and go to the rescue, it will be cut
down and cast into the fire. It seems as if
the trust busting business is not making
much headway. If there has been one busted
I have not learned of it. And now I w’ant
to give a quotation from the president’s spe
cial message to Congress, as I get it from
the paper. Here it is:
“In this connection I desire to repeat my
recommendation that railways be permitted
to form a traffic association, for the purpose
of conferring about and agreeing upon rates,
regulations, and practices affecting interstate
business in which the members of the asso
ciation are interested.”
There you have it. What does all that
mean? And if the railroads can succeed in
getting Congress to enact a law authorizing
them to form a combine and make their own
rates, they will soon rob the wealth producers
of what little is left in their hands. And I see
from the papers that Billy Bryan said that it
was all right. I also see that he told the
Wall Si reel Democrats that the money ques
tion is settled, and the party can now present
a solid front. Did you ever hear such slush?
May the good Lord deliver us from such a
political schemer and trickster, and the first
man that bobs up in a People’s party con
vention and suggests nominating Bryan I
want put out, and not handled with gloves
either. I think it is time that the people were
taking their bearings and finding out where
they are. Just think of us being in a money
panic and right in the midst of this grand
prosperity that has been boasted of so much.
After all it has been mostly wind. And just
think of the government taxing the money off
the wealth producers and turning it over to
the wPfiUh consumers! I see from the
reports that Wall street and other banks have
six hundred million dollars furnished by the
government at •'•••' of one per cent, inter
est, and two hundred and fifty million at no
interest. And it may be much more for ought
we know, and all at the expense of the
people, that the banks may loan it back to
them at a high rate of interest and enable
them, the banks, to fatten off the sweat and
blood of the toilers. And when they want
Io make a panic and squeeze the people
I hey can just turn the key on the money in
their vaults and then the people can whistle
for money and dance to the music until they
are cleaned up and' left to suffer the conse
quences. If this is not discriminating between
the rich and the wealth producers, then I fail
to understand the situation. Would it not be
much better for the government to coin and
print that amount, or twice, or three times
that amount, if need be, and expend it imme
proving the public roads throughout the coun
try, and thereby give employment to all the
unemployed? And by" that means put the
money in circulation and at the same time
be improving the country and making it worth
living for. I want to submit this question
to the people and let them ponder it well in
their own minds and see which method they
like best. In my opinion they will decide
that it is the better way for the government
to coin and put the money into circulation
by paying its obligations, rather than by turn
ing it over to a heartless banking corporation,
In my opinion the national banking system
will sink any government that ever existed
if you will just give it time enough, and it
seems to be making pretty good headway in
this country. Abraham Lincoln said, about
the close of the Civil war, that as a result of
the war corporations had been enthroned and
an era. of corruption in high places encour
aged, and it would go on, he feared, until all
liberty was lost, and that he had more
anxiety for the safety of his county than he
had in the midst of the war. Can you not see
his prophecy fulfilling? I think that he must
have been inspired. My prayer to the good
Lord is that he may cause the people to wake
up and see their true condition and give them
courage and manhood to vote to their own
interest and the interest of their wives and
children, friends and neighbors, home and
country, and make it what our forefathers in
tended it should be. There are many other
things that I would like to write about, but
I fear that I have drawn this out so long
that I will intrude on your patience. So I
will quit right here by placing in nomination
before the People’s Party Convention at St,
Louis. April 2, the Hon. Thomas E. Watson,
of Georgia, for president, and Judge S. W,
Williams, of Vincennes, Ind., for vice-presi
dent. And I hope to see them nominated and
elected, Respectfully,
THOMAS WADSWORTH.