PAGE TWELVE
McLendon THE Goat
(concluded from page nine)
lost a -flock of sheep. And naturally needing
some one else to put the blame on, he falls
afoul of a roller chair invalid and assaults
him, —with all the courage of Mr. Winkle at
tacking the small boy.
Suppose that Clark Howell had not begun
to nag Governor Smith about port rates, in
February of this year! Suppose the Consti
tution had just gone along, laying low and
saying nothing, —would the Governor ever
have remembered his campaign pledges con
cerning port rates? Apparently not. For
nearly two years, he had had every opportu
nity to stir that port rate matter. For nearly
two years, he had been silent about it.
There was never a work-day, after August,
1907, tliat he could not have begun to redeem
his pledge for the “immediate reduction” of
port rates.
Why did he do nothing and say nothing in
August, September, October, November and
December, 1907? His platform pledged him
to “immediate” action. The Railroad Com
mission was to “immediately” go to work on
the investigation and reduction of seaport
rates. Why did it not do so? Why did the
Governor fail and refuse to ask it to do so?
The whole of 1908 passed, without a single
word or a single effort on the subject of that
platform pledge. Why?
Then in February, 1909, the Governor
writes to the Commission about it. Why?
Because Clark Howell was jabbing at him
about it, every day, in the Constitution.
The letter was written, and was referred to
the Governor’s two friends on the Commis
sion, Candler and Hillyer; and these gentle
men apparently pigeon-holed the letter, for
they made no report on the subject. Why?
Seemingly, because the letter called for a gen
eral reduction of rates.
Thus, in April, comes the hearing in behalf
of the Atlanta jobbers, and the decision
against their request for special favors. —
which decision was similar to those made by
former Commissions.
Then the Governor picks out one of the
three Commissioners who had decided against
the Atlanta jobbers, and suspends him from
office because of that decision.
Then the ex-Governor takes charge of the
prosecution of McLendon, pursues him with
relentless virulence in his newspaper, and has
him dismissed by the Senate for negotiating
the sale of the Athens Street Railway bonds.
The indictment against McLendon charged
him with a violation of the platform pledge
which Governor Smith himself had been vio
lating every workday of the period between
August, 1907, and February, 1909 — for the
platform which he prepared pledged him to
immediate action.
The verdict against McLendon does not fol
low the indictment at all. It is based upon a
different matter altogether, to-wit: the sale of
the bonds.
Does anyone pretend that the transaction
in bonds had the remotest connection with the
decision against the Atlanta jobbers? No.
Is it claimed that there is any law against the
negotiation of the sale of the bonds? No.
Does anybody believe that Guyt. McLendon
is not as honest a gentleman as we have in
this State, and that a reprimand,—a censure
because the impropriety of dabbling in bond
deals while bolding an office of that kind, —
would not have met all the requirements of
the case? I think not.
Why, then, the implacable hounding down
of the pallid man in the roller chair?
Because the big and beautiful One is in the
race for the U. S. Senate, and needs a scape
goat upon whom shall fall the sins of omis
sion of a Reform administration.
An act of gross injustice and a campaign
of venomous abuse made a Governor out of
Joseph M. Brown. What it will do for Mc-
Lendon, I don’t know—but if I were in Mac’s
Ulje Jeffersonian
place— knowing the warm hearts of the plain
people of Georgia as I do, — I would take my
case right straight to the great Jury of all the
people, and I would make a fight for my po
litical life that would be remembered for gen
erations to come!
Never in the world would I take sentence of
death from Mr. Hoke Smith and THOSE
SENATORS WHO RUN TO HIS LAW
OFFICE TO GET THEIR ORDERS.
® 0 s
The Christian Church Missions
It is very refreshing to come upon a report
on foreign mission work which tells you
plainly and in detail how they are spending
the money. The Christian Woman’s Board
of Missions makes that kind of a report. The
organization of this Board dates from 1877.
The headquarters are located at Indinapolis.
Beginning with a collection of $430 in
1878, the Church of Christ has gradually
swelled the yearly offerings until they now
amount to nearly $300,000.
Mission establishments have been planted
in Jamaica, Porto Rico, Mexico, the Argen
tine Republic, New Zealand, South Africa,
and India.
In the foreign field, 175 native converts are
hired to help the 74 American missionaries
enlarge the fold.
The good ladies of this Woman’s Board
have 2,661 foreign children, —heathen we pre
sume, —in their day schools.
There are 7 Orphanages, and in these
houses of refuge 396 heathen orphans are be
ing given a maintenance and education. In
Hindustan, they support 27 lepers. They
likewise give home and sustenance to 60 pau
per women and children. They have 4 hos
pitals and 21 dispensaries, which they are
honest and candid enough to call “free dis
pensaries.”
Instead of shuffling and denying and try
ing to hide what they are doing in these for
eign heathen lands, the brave ladies of the
Church of Christ tell you, in their report,
that they took their good money into heathen
dom and gave medicine and treatment to
forty-eight thousand patients.
That was the number of the recipients of
their bounty for the year ending September
30, 1908. The number of people applying to
the dispensaries for free medicine and treat
ment will increase year by year,—just as it
would if the Chinese and Hindu doctors
should come to Chicago, New York or In
dianapolis and set up shops for the free dis
tribution of quinine, paregoric, mustard, gin
ger, spirits of turpentine, Syrup of Figs,
Sarsaparilla, Number Six, Rad way’s Ready
Relief, Mustang Liniment and Epsom Salts.
® ®
In Defense of the Preachers
Augusta, Ga., July 23, 1909.
Dear Jeffersonian:
I see in yesterday’s Weekly Jeffersonian an ar
ticle from J. H. Lingo, M. D., Bellwood, Ala.,
stating it’s a fact that preachers are the greatest
enemies to the truth. I think this statement is a
great mistake, and is quite a reflection on the
preachers, and I think you ought to correct it.
While some of the preachers may he an enemy to
the truth, surely all are not, and this is a broad
sweep at all the preachers. Every Baptist preach
er that I have talked with on your Missionary ar
ticles agrees with you except one. I agree with
you on that subject. lam no enemy to the truth.
Yours truly, A. J. LAZENBY.
The Jeffersonian is glad to publish the
foregoing letter from one of the most lova
ble, honorable and fearless clergymen that it
has been my privilege to know. If all minis
ters of the Gospel were as liberal, progres
sive and close to the common people as the
Rev. A. J. Lazenby is, Christianity would not
be losing its inspirational power so rapidly
in the lives of our people.
I think, however, that Dr. Lingo meant to
allude to the priesthood as a class, as a hier
archy. History proves that all religious hier-
archies have been inimical to change and
progress. There is absolutely no exception to
this rule.
Even in modern times, each forward step
that humanity has taken has been opposed by
the priesthoods.
See how the Catholic Church resisted re
form in France, —thus precipitating a bloody
Revolution.
See how the Church of England resisted
reform in Great Britain, causing riots and
bloodshed.
See how the Russian ecclesiastics stood for
Czarism Bureaucracy, and sanctioned the
dreadful butcheries of the oppressed and des
perate peasantry.
In our own country, we have been grieved
and astonished to see how the priesthoods up
hold the worst system of class legislation
that was ever contrived for the robbery of
the many by the few. There are individual
preachers, thousands of them, whose hearts
are in sympathy with the plain common peo
ple, the under dogs of our terribly misgov
erned land; but the clerical hierarchy stands
in with the powers that be. It has always
been so. In the very nature of things, it is
almost inevitably so.
For this reason, students of human affairs
have never failed to warn the people of the
inherent danger of too great a centralism in
church organization.
The early Christian Church was loosely
confederated, and those were the days of its
purity and divine conquest. For centuries,
all the churches were independent of one an
other. No Bishop out-ranked any other
Bishop. In course of time the prestige which
the city of Rome enjoyed over all other cities
of the Roman world, began to give the Bishop
of Rome a certain distinction not attaching
to other Bishops. This pre-eminence of the
Roman dignitary being carefully cultivated
and advanced, evolved the Papa, who was
Chief Bishop of all the Bishops.
After this consolidation of the organiza
tion had taken place, the Church uniformly
and bitterly resented all suggestions of
change, burnt such would-be reformers as Sa
vonarola, Huss, Jerome, and Bruno, —and
persecuted with the torch, the dagger, the
sword, the rack, Albigensians, Waldensians,
Calvinists and Lutherans, until Europe was
a human shambles.
Calvin himself was a political and religious
reformer. Modern democracy and civilization
owe to him an immense debt. This we can
freely acknowledge, while deploring his one
great crime in burning Servetus. But does
the church of Calvin now stand for any refor
mation in church or state? No. It has be
come highly organized, and it sees nothing to
call it into the battle line, along with those
who feel that we must have great changes, if
we would escape despotism or revolution.
In his turn, John Wesley was a civic and
religious reformer. His was a grand life and
a grand work. But does Wesley’s church ally
itself today with those who are trying to
compel the governing classes to give a square
deal to the submerged and plundered masses?
As to the Baptist ministry, that ought for
ever to be outspoken and compelling in behalf
of progress toward j uster conditions. It
ought always be in favor of truth and en
lightenment. But, while I can name indi
vidual preachers by the score who have man
fully declared against the governmental
wrongs from which the people suffer, the gen
eral rule is that the reformer gets little en
couragement and less help from the organ
ized clergy.
Among the poorer preachers, I have found
friends and supporters. Very many of the
country ministers have been in full sympathy
with Populism and its aims. Some of these
could tell you how they have been reviled and
looked down on because of this. In the true
sense, some of these Christlike preachers
have suffered martyrdom because they sided
with the poor and the oppressed, as their