PAGE FOUR
Summary of Tbents as They Happen
Ex-President Dead.
Grover Cleveland, former President of the
United States, died June 24, at his home in
Princeton, N. J.
Races Killed by Bill.
New bill kills New Orleans winter races.
With only the Governor’s signature to the an
ti-betting racetrack bill necessary to make it
a law, the doom of midwinter racing in New
Orleans is sealed. After a bitter tight the
bill went through the lower branch of the
Legislature, the Senate having passed the bill
by a vote of 21 to 19.
Senators babble and Smart got out of sick
beds to vote. The charge that Smart was giv
en knockout drops was denied. It was charged
that the racetrack interests got several Sena
tors drunk to keep them from voting. The
horsemen declare they will move to San Fran
cisco.
Spanish Ship at Havana.
The schoolship Nautilus, the first Spanish
ship of the navy to enter Cuban ports since
the relinquishment of Spanish sovereignty in
the island, came into the harbor of Havana,
and was hailed with enthusiastic expressions
of delight by the entire Spanish colony of the
city, many thousands of Cubans joinimr in
the demonstration. A fleet of upwards of one
hundred gaily decorated yachts and launches,
steamers and sail boats gathered in the month
of the harbor to welcome the visitor and es
cort her to her anchorage. The roofs of the
houses in the city, the Malecon seawall and
the battlements of Morro, Punta and Cabanas
were covered with spectators. Over Morro
flew the original Cuban flag, which ’ eplaeed
the stars and stripes on the birth of th? Cu
ban republic on May 20, 1902. Surrounded by
the escorting fleet the Nautilus slowly passed
Cabanas, whose batteries returned her salute,
and proceeded to her anchorage in the harbor
within a few hundred yards of the wreck of
the Maine.
Verdict Against Oil Trust.
In the rebate suit brought by the Federal
government at Rochester, N. Y., against the
Standard Oil Co. last June, the jury has ren
dered a verdict of guilty, as indicted on 40
county thus making the maximum fine possi
ble SBOO.
Eleven Pounds Now by Post.
Postmaster General Meyer has increased to
eleven pounds the limit of parcel-post pack
ages to Great Britain and Ireland for the pur
pose of improving our commercial relations
with those lands. The limit hitherto has been
four pounds and six ounces. This makes the
twenty-third foreign country with which we
have the eleven pound limit.
Florida Delegates to Vote for Bryan.
Unofficial returns from the second state
Democratic primary show that Dannitte H.
Mays, of Monticello, was nominated for con
gress from the third district by 57 majority
J. Walter Kehoe, who was the leading candi-
TOE JEFFERSONIAN
date against Mays, filed a contest in Leon
county, but it was thrown out by the commit
tee. For the delegates to the national con
vention at Denver, all, with the possible ex
ception of one, are favorable to the nomina
tion of W. J. Bryan for president. The con
test for railroad commissioner was very close,
Dunn being nominated over Jackson by a
small majority.
Civil War in Persia,
Civil war in Persia. Battle at the capital.
Bodies piled high as Shah’s troops seize par
liament buildings. Artillery is used.
Major Devol Sent to Panama.
Major Carroll A. Devol, for four years
head of the army quartermaster’s department
at the Presidio, has been assigned to the post
of “chief of the personnel” of the Govern
ment staff in the Canal zone, Panama.
Elected President of Senate.
Senator James J. Flynt of Griffin, Ga., was
elected president of the Georgia Senate, with
out opposition. He succeeds John W. Akin,
whose death occurred on October 18, 1907.
Unable to Find Chairman.
After a conference of an hour and a half
on June 20, held by Secretary Taft, Represen
tative Sherman and a sub-committee of the
Republican National Committee, it was found
impossible to select a chairman of the latter
body and an adjournment was taken until
July 1, when the sub-committee will meet the
two candidates in Washington. Meanwhile
a still hunt for a chairman will be carried on.
Marines Reach Isthmus.
Washington, June 20. —The cruiser Prairie
arrived at Colon today with 100 marines and
62 bluejackets. The Tacoma, with 150 mar
ines, came tonight. The battleship New
Hampshire left New York today carrying 400
marines, and the Idaho, with a like number,
will sail from League Island tomorrow. Fif
teen hundred marines will be on the Isthmus
next Saturday to take charge"of the republic
of Panama if any trouble occurs over the elec
tions. The War Department expects that a
provisional government will have to be estab
lished in July, as the Administration looks
for a revolution no matter which candidate
wins. Nevertheless despatches received today
from Chief Engineer Goethais, Commissioner
Blackburn and General Counsel Rogers, of the
Isthmian Canal Commission, indicate that they
do not now look for trouble.
Russian Ship Burns.
The Petronia, of the Russian East Asiatic
Steamship Company’s fleet, is scuttled and
she is considered a total loss. The crew land
ed in safety.
Law Strikes Paper Trust.
A fine of $2,000 was imposed upon each of
twenty-four companies manufacturing manila
wrapping paper by Judge Hough, in the
United States court today. All but one of
these companies, the Allen Brothers Company,
of Sandy Hill, N. Y., pleaded guilty on Fri
day last to maintaining an illegal combination
in restraint of trade. They were members of
the Manila and Fiber Association.
<
Governor Tells of His Policies.
. In his message to the General Assembly
Governor Smith reviews work of his adminis
tration and touches on prohibition.
Appeal of President Refused.
Despite the appeals of President Roosevelt
and Assistant Secretary of State Robert Ba
con, Fish and Morgan, the two crew men sus
pended for violating the rule against remov
ing books from the Harvard reference library
will not be permitted to row in the Yale-Har
vard boat race. President Roosevelt made a
personal appeal to President Eliot by tele
graph as soon as he heard of the suspension,
but he met with a curt refusal from the Har
vard executive to make any change in the
ruling.
Will Secure Hall for Populists.
The city council of Atlanta voted Tuesday
afternoon, June 23, an appropriation of $250
with which to secure a hall for the Populist
convention on July 9, when Hon. Thomas E.
Watson will be notified of his nomination as
the Populist candidate for the presidency.
This suggestion was made by The Georgian
editorially several days ago. Councilman Hud
dleston at once announced that he would in
troduce a resolution in council carrying it in
to effect. This resolution, providing the ap
propriation of $250, was offered and adopted
unanimously by council. After council ad
journed a special session of the aldermanic
board ■was called and the board concurred in
the appropriation. Councilman Huddleston
explained to the general council that on that
occasion a great gathering of people from all
over the country would be in Atlanta, coming
here for the purpose of conferring an honor
upon a distinguished Georgian, and that the
least council could do was to proride a suit
able hall. It is proposed to secure the St.
Nicholas skating rink at Ponce De Leon for
the occasion.
Roosevelt to Californians.
San Jose, Cal., June 20.—1 n a speech last
night before the local branch of the Asiatic
Exclusion League CongTessman E. A. Hayes
delivered what he said was a personal message
from the President of the United States to
the people of California.
11 Two or three days before the adjourn
ment of Congress,” said Hayes, “I went to
the President and asked him how I should,
explain the absence of exclusion legislation,
which I told him my constituents expected.
He replied:
‘I am still trying diplomacy. I am send
ing to Japan the sharpest correspondence that
any nation has ever received. But tell your
constituents that if 1 cannot get what I want