PAGE TWELVE
Land Monopoly: Usury
(concluded from page nine)
to the one corporation which owns and con
trols the patent. It has a monopoly.
Again, take the railroads. They may com
plete for through-freight; but each road has
a monopoly of handling local freight. That
is, if you live along the line of the road, you
must patronize that corporation when you
travel or ship commodities —whether you
want to, or not. At all local stations every
railroad monopolizes the business.
Now is it that way, as to land? Not in this
country. The fact that syndicates have
bought up large areas does not create a mo
nopoly. Os course, you can’t get any of that
land, without paying the owner's price: but
neither could he get yours, without paying
your price. If all of us were compelled to go
to a syndicate, or to several syndicates, before
we could get land, then there would be a mo
nopoly.
But the areas owned by the foreign noble
men and the American syndicates do not
amount to a drop in the bucket of our tuz
tional resources.
The official reports prove that the number
of small farms is on the increase. AA e have
millions upon millions of acres of virgin soil,
in the South alone, that are awaiting the
coming of the willing arms to till them.
Write to The Country Gentleman, of Albany,
New York, for information concerning the
abandoned farms of New England. AVrite
to Hon. N. B. Broward, Tallahassee, Florida,
for facts concerning Florida lands, which
can be had on liberal terms.
Not only does the Government yet own mil
lions of acres, subject to Homestead entry,
but we have 173,000,000 acres of Forest re
serve; and nearly every State has School land,
or Swamp and Overflowed land accessible at
almost nominal prices.
A bill is now 7 pending in Congress to open
up to settlement 30,000.000 acres of the Re
serves.
So, you see, my friend, there is no condi
tions in the ownership and control of realty
that can be compared to the Standard s pow
er over the oil trade, the United States Steel
Corporation’s dominancy of the steel manu
factures, the Sugar Trust s monopoly of re
fining and selling sugar.
Now as to Usury. You must bear in mind
that Moses was legislating for small groups
of kindred, who were to dwell in a little bit
of a country, not larger than some of our
counties. Moses designed his laws to fit an
agricultural people and an agricultural coun
try. He wished to guard against the accu
mulation of wealth and inequality of fortune.
I think that it can not be denied that Usury
quickens the hunger for accumulation; but
acquisitiveness can’t be called wicked, in it
self, for God implanted it in the chipmunk,
the ant and the bee.
The denial of the right to charge interest
would have a great tendency to keep the na
tion poor: just as the avoidance of hog prod
ucts would no doubt make people healthier.
Are we bound to abstain from spare-ribs,
pork-chops, and the ham which produces red
gravey—just because the Jews did, and do?
And is it our friend’s belief that the Jews
observed the law as to Usury ?
If it be a sin to take moderate hire for the
use of your money, why do the Ten Com
mandments say nothing against it?
AVithout the hope of gain in the making of
loans, the risk involved would never be run;
and the man with surplus money would keep
and ust it himself. To earn interest, the
lender takes the risk. Where no loans were
made, the moneyless man would be deprived
of the chance to make use of another’s capi
tal.
Which would be worse to the country at
large—the system which the loan-shark
sometimes abuses or that which denies the
sbe Jeffersonian
moneyless man a chance to borrow a single
dollar?
It would be mighty nice if all of us would
lend one another horses, mules, cows, cotton,
hogs, wheat, corn, hay, oats, wagons, car
riages, threshing-machines, flour-mills, fac
tories, saw-mills, farms, houses, and money:
but we ain’t built that w 7 ay, somehow. As
long as Smith refuses to grant me a free loan
of his cotton-mill, he shan’t have the use of
my money, without paying me lawful “in
trust”. If this be wicked, pray for me.
T. E. AV.
A
In Explanation of The Co-Opera
tor Ad.
AAJien O. P. Pyle owned The Texas Co
operator, an arrangement was made between
us to exchange advertising space. That is, he
ran a notice of the two Jeffs, and we ran one
of The Co-operator. It seems that we owe
The Co-operator SIBO, in space, on that old
contract. Consequently, we are legally bound
to advertise the Texas paper, although it is
now owned by the lowa Republican, Mr.
Reimers, and is lined up with the Farmers’
Union seceders and the Ship Subsidy thieves.
As you will see the advertisement of Rei
mers’ sheet in The Jeffersonian, I thought
it best to let you know 7 how it got there.
How Missionary Zealots Contra
dict Each Other
In The DeKalb New Era, appears the fol
lowing statement:
“Further, Mr. Watson did not say what per
haps he did not know, that the managers of those
mission schools have been able to make three
dollars cover the major part of the food expense
of that pupil for a year. We know it because
some years ago we saw the expense account of a
mission school in China.’’
The editor of The New Era, is Mr. I. G.
AA 7 alker, of Decatur, Georgia. Notice that he
says he knows it, •‘because he saw the expense
account of a mission school in China.”
AVill Mr. AValker be so kind as to tell me
where I can find a copy of that report ?
If he remembers so clearly that the sum of
three dollars was made to cover the major
part of the food expense of a pupil in the
school, surely he ought to be able to recall
which denomination, or Society is supporting
that school. If he can do this, it will be an
easy matter to look up its official reports, and
locate the school in question.
AVill you please do that, Mr. I. G. AValker?
I am just crazv to get hold of those facts.
You may ask, “AA 7 hy so?”
Well, I’ll tell you—if you won’t let it go
any further.
Some months ago, I made the statement in
The Jeffersonian that the expense of living
was very much lower in China than it is in
this country; whereupon the Rev. AVm. H.
Smith, D.D., of Richmond, A 7 irginia, rushed
a denial into The Christian Index.
The artless manner in which you, Brother
AValker, have taken sides with me, against the
Rev. Dr. Smith, fills my heart with unspeak
able satisfaction.
So you actually know it, because you saw 7
it in the official report of the expense account
of that school I
AVell, Ido declare! As old Joe Cannon
said to old Lon Livingston, “That's good!"
We’ve got the Rev. Dr. AA 7 m. H. Smith, of
Richmond, Virginia, where AValler had the
hen—haven’t we. Brother I. G. AValker?
And you say that you know I’m right, and
Dr. Smith wrong, because you saw 7 it, with
your own eyes, in the official report!
Haven’t we got Dr. Smith in a hole? And
to think that you, Brother I. G. AValker,
should make out the case for me so artlessly,
completely, and beautifully!
Now, let us see what else Brother AValker’s
evidence does.
If the missionaries can feed a yong China
man for not much more than $3 a year, how 7
much ought it to cost to feed the missionary
himself ?
If $3 pays for “the major part” of the
scholar’s food expense, would not twice that
amount feed the missionary? Don’t you go
and tell us that the missionary wants to be
more than twice as liberal with himself as he
is with his young men and young lady pupils.
Now, allowing him to feed himself twice as
well as he feeds his scholar, six dollars per
year will pay for “the major part” of his pro
visions. But let us be generous, and permit
the missionary to treat himself three times
better than he treats his pupil. That will
bring “the major part of his food expense” up
to $lB per annum. Let us double it, for good
measure, and make it $36.
How 7 much is his salary? Generally, it is
$1,500 per year. Even the women get $750
each.
Inasmuch as the food expense is the big
item in living, you can see how 7 clearly Mr.
I. G. AValker, of Decatur, Georgia, hath made
it appear that ye missionaries are in clover —
in heathen China.
No wonder that employments in that field
are so eagerly sought.
Thank you. Brother AValker! You are a
comfort as w 7 ell as a help.
P. S. —Dr. AVm. 11. Smith draw 7 s a nice lit
tle salary of $2,750 from “the system”—hence
his ravenous fondness for it. Selah.
Show This to That Old Pop Who
Has Gone to Socialism
From Brooklyn, New York, comes the fol
lowing letter, the writer being the famous
Evangelist, Morgan Lee Starke, who gave up
a business worth $25,000 per annum to be
come a Christian worker:
My Dear Brother Watson:—My wife says T
must send you the attached clipping. May C*
richly bless you in the great work you are doir
in showing up the wrong in the Socialist party.
Sincerely yours, M. LEE STARKE.
To Hon. T. Watson, Thomson, Ga.
“SAYS WOMEN WHO DESIRE CHILDREN
SHOULD HAVE THEM, REGARDLESS.
“Poughkeepsie, N. Y., January B.—Charles E.
Zueblin, former Professor of Sociology in the Uni
versity of Chicago, stirred this city in a lecture in
Vassar Brothers’ Institute on the topic, ‘Educa
tion and Life.’ In the audience were members of
the faculty of Vassar College, clergymen of vari
ous denominations and the representative literary
persons of the place. The part of the lecture
which made the old town gasp this morning was
as follows:
“ ‘lf the average woman is blessed with the
maternal instinct, why should she not satisfy it?
She is dependent on being able to marry a man;
a man whom she may or may not love; a man
who may or may not support her properly. Is
there any reason why a woman who longs to have
children should not do so, regardless of the con
ventions of society? Yes, there are the children
to be considered. That is our chief obligation—
to care for the children.’
“Professor Zueblin then is reported to have
simplified his views and to have made certain sug
gestions decidedly at variance with the estab
lished condition of things.
“When Rev. Joseph F. Sheahan, pastor of St.
Peter’s Roman Catholic Church, read a report of
the lecture, he wrote a letter to the local newspa
pers, declaring that the lecture was simply a plea
for the abolition of the Seventh Commandment.
“ ‘lf any visitor to Poughkeepsie evbr deserved
to be rotten-egged,’ he says in conclusion, ‘it sure
ly is Professor Zueblin. His filthy insults are an
insult to all the people of our city.
“ ‘lt is to be hoped that he will never set foot
in Poughkeepsie again.’ ”
That a Professor of Sociology, who holds a
Chair in the great Rockefeller University,
should “go in for” Free Love, as Zueblin did
when lecturing for Vassar College, is power
ful evidence to support the contention of The
Jeffersonian, towit: that Socialism means
the destruction of home-life and the marriage
system, as we know them.
Socialism means exactly what professor