Five Years for $5.00
As a Premium to Five-Year
Subscribers to the
Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine
who remit $5 with the subscription we will
MAIL FREE OF CHARGE, either one of the
following Watson books: ,
Napoleon.
Life and Times of Thomas Jefferson,
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson,
Handbook of Politics and Economics,
or,
A FULL SET OF THE BACK-NUMBERS OF
THE MAGAZINE.
Address:
THE JEFFERSONIAN
THOMSON, GA.
Representative Hobson, of Alabama, has
been canvassing the Senate in an effort to
arouse interest in the President’s program for
four battle ships instead of two.
The prospect of the second message from
President Roosevelt on the subject is freely
discussed, in which the demand for two more
battle ships will be made in language a little
more vigorous than was contained in the last
message, which the House ignored.
The Senate increased the aggregate of ap
propriations carried in the House bill by $7,-
579,031. The bill as it came from the House
carried approximately $106,000,000. The
principal item of the Senate committee’s in
crease is for the increased pay of officers and
enlisted men, $3,553,969.40. For new public
works the increase is $1,529,400, of which
$1,000,000 is for Pearl Harbor alone, and
$200,000 for Norfolk, Va. Another item of
increase is $1,800,000 for the purchase of three
additional steam colliers. Mr.’ Hale also added
his personal bill as an amendment, "which
gives the staff corps the rank and title as now
established for the staff corps of the army
and providing that this shall in no way carry
command.
John Mitchell.
New York, April 19. —The Central Feder
ation Union yesterday adopted the rec
ommendation of its General Executive
Board to ask congress to pass the Sulz
er bill creating a Department of Labor
distinct from the Department of Commerce,
“to promote such improvements in the social,
political and economic conditions of the wealth
producing labors of the United States as shall
tend to secure to them their natural rights
to the opportunity to labor and to security in
the possession and enjoyment of the full fruits
of their work.”
The bill provides for a secretary with a seat
in the cabinet at a salary of SB,OOO, and six
assistant secretaries, each to receive $5,000 a
year, the bill become a law it is be-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
lieved that the post of secretary would be of
fered to John Mitchell, former president of
the United Mine Workers.
Publicity Bill.
Washington, April 19.—Congress is urged
to pass legislation requiring the publicity of
campaign funds in a petition which will be
presented tomorrow by Senator Culberson, of
Texas, and Representative McCall, of Massa
chusetts. The petition is signed by a com
mittee of the National Publicity Organization,
and is accompanied by letters from numerous
members of the organization.
SKETCH OF E. K. OVERSTREET.
(Continued from Page One.)
of strength to the people in Congress. His
platform, published in the Jeffersonian several
weeks ago, is the best that any candidate for
Congress in the South has put forth this year.
—T. E. W.)
The Jeffersonian Offers Ten Year
Four Per Cent Bonds For Sale
Until I had demonstrated, to my full satisfaction,
that the two Jeffersonians—the Weekly and the Monthly—
could be made a financial success in Georgia, I felt a
delicacy in asking anyone to invest money in them.
Having now sustained these two periodicals for
nearly a year and a half, and proved that they could
be made profitable, I have no hesitation now in offer
ing bonds, guaranteed by myself, to run ten years, and
to bear four per cent interest.
At present, the printing is being jobbed out, and
the mailing done by the printers. We have found this
arrangement to be unsatisfactory, both to me and to
subscribers.
My purpose is to secure sufficient capital to
either buy an interest in a publishing house in Atlanta,
or to equip one for the Jeffersonians. As their busi
ness grows, the greater is the necessity of having a
plant. It is for this purpose, namely, to secure suf
ficient capital to buy a plant and to enlarge the
business, that these bonds are offered for sale*
They will be issued in denominations of SIOO.OO.
Each bond will have the principal and interest guaran
teed, in writing, by me.
There should be thousands of men and women
throughout the Union, who are in sympathy with the work
which the Jeffersonians are doing, and who cordially
endorse its principles, and wish to see it a power for
good in the land. The investment in these bonds will
enable these sympathizers to co-operate in a substan
tial way, and yet, at the same time, make an invest
ment which is certainly safe and which may be very
profitable.
Friends desiring further particulars will please
write to me at Thomson, Georgia. THOS. E. WATSON.
FOR PARCELS POST.
The recent decrease of $260,957 in the re
ceipts of fifty of the largest post offices of
the country for March, 1908, as against March,
1907, will be used by Postmaster General Mey
er as an argument for the enactment of the
bill establishing parcels posts on rural routes.
Mr. Meyer is calling the attention of con
gress to the idea that the establishment of a
special local parcels post would wipe out the
postal deficit and tend to make the rural free
delivery service self-sustaining, besides being
a boon to the farmer and the retail country
merchant.
There are now in operation 39,038 rural
routes, serving a population of 15,000,000, and
should an average of five 11-pound packages
be carried on each trip throughout the year
it is estimated that $15,000,000 would be. real
ized. The net return to the government would
be more than sufficient to equal the annual
deficit.
PAGE FIVE