of protecting the Western farmers by
tariff duties on oats, wheat, corn and rye. IVs
all humbug. Those crops, like cotton, are ex
port crops; and the home-price, in the legiti
mate tiade, is controlled by the foreign mar
kets.
If Mr. Way will turn to the Statistical Ab
stract for 1906, he will find that the wheat
exports for that year were 97,609,000 bushels •
c0rn,120,000,000 bushels; oats. 46,000,000
bushels; rye, 1,355,528; cotton, 7,239,330
bales.
Now how much corn was imported? Ten
thousand bushels. When we ship one hun
dred and twenty million bushels of corn into
foreign markets, and import 10,000, can any
one believe that the tariff duty on the 10.000
cuts any ice?
We iinported 262,000 bushels of wheat. Did
the tariff on that quantity affect the price of
the 692,979,489 bushels produced, when we
were forced to go abroad to find a market for
nearly 100,000,000 bushels?
The Republicans have increased the rye
duty 100 per cent. The purpose is to give the
politicians a chance to defend other increases
which mean something, by saying, “Yes, we
did increase duties in favor of the manufac
turer, but we also increased duties in favor of
the farmer. Look at rye!”
In 1907 we produced 31,566,000 bushels of
rye and imported 157 bushels. Yet these hy
pocritical Republicans will go before audi
ences of Western grain growers and claim ag
ricultural support because they increased the
duty on rye.
When we export nearly 1,400,000 bushels
and import 157, why should anybody resist
the mild incarceration of the lunatics who
contend that a tariff duty affects the price of
rye?
Now let us consider cotton, —the subject of
Mr. Brantley’s great speech, concerning which
we maintained “a discreet silence.”
In 1906 we produced 11,345,988 bales of
cotton. The American mills could take only
4,627,000 bales. Therefore, nearly two-thirds
of the crop had to seek the foreign markets.
This being so, who is it that cannot see that
the price of cotton, at home and abroad, de
pends upon the foreign markets?
And how can you influence prices in the
foreign market by tariff duties, levied on
Egyptian cotton, in American ports? Mani
festly, such a thing is absurd. No matter how
many Brantleys may make great speeches to
the contrary, the facts are too plain. The
farmers have too much common sense to be
humbugged in that way.
In 1906 we imported, in round numbers,
142,000 bales of cotton. Judging from the
Statistical Abstract, which puts the price of
the imported cotton at something more than
14 cents, we infer that the imports consisted
of long staple. If this be so. we think that a
cotton tariff would enable the growers of Sea-
Island cotton to get some of the benefits of
Protection.
Such a tariff we oppose, for the reason that
we oppose others, — it legislates money out of
the pockets of all consumers into the pockets
of the specially favored few producers. Such
law-making is not just, is not honest, is not
sound in morals and leads, logically and in
evitably, to corruption and inequalities of for
tune.
Senator Tillman puts it right when he calls
it stealing and claims his share. Somebody
in South Carolina owns a tea patch, and col
lects about 10,000 pounds of leaves, which he
calls tea. Duly boiled, sweetened and drunk
with the eyes shut and the nose plugged, a
decoction from these leaves would probably
pass anywhere as equal to “Sassafras.”
Well, Tillman arose among the senatorial
thieves and claimed, as a part of “his share,”
a duty on tea. Wants to protect that tea patch
in South Carolina, you observe. Suppose a
duty of 5 cents a pound is put on imported
tea, and suppose that the duty would enable
the South Carolina man to add 5 cents per
pound to his product of 10,000 pounds—what
I5l)e 3effersonian
would be the general result? The men who
import the 94,000,000 pounds of sure-enough
tea would add 5 cents a pound to their price,
and we would be paying $4,700,000 more for
our tea, in order that our South Carolina
brother might pocket an additional SSOO.
W ould Mr. Way defend a thing like that on
the ground that the beneficiary is a Southern
man ? If not, why not ? This case is a fair
sample of the others. If it is not justifiable
to rob the whole body of tea-drinkers to en
rich the South Carolina man, it is equally in
defensible to impose a tribute on consumers of
cotton fabrics for the benefit of the growers
of Sea-Island cotton.
But Mr. Way says that he wants “the same
protection thrown around our Southern in
dustries that the North enjoys.” That sounds
mighty nice. In a stump speech, it would
bring "loud applause.” When Brantley and
the other deserters get home, we will hear lots
of that kind of flap-doodle.
The Jeffersonian did not single out Mr.
Brantley; he had put himself among the
goats, and the inventory of the herd would
not have been complete without him. As to
Senator Bacon, we never criticised any man
with, greater reluctance. We have long been
his friend, and will never cease to have the
highest respect for his ability and character.
But we did think that the Senator went dead
wrong when he declared in the Senate that he
did not feel bound by the free-lumber plank
in the Democratic platform. We honestly
thought that he made a fatal mistake when he
left the Democratic leader and platform, and
went over to Aldrich and the Republicans on
the lumber schedule.
But, let us come back to “the same protec
tion thrown around our Southern industries
that the North enjoys.” Oh, that does sound
so nice, and patriotic and home-folksy. Who
cares how much we're robbed, so long as the
thief isn’t “a d—d Yankee?” The Northern
Steel Trust is plundering the 90,000,000 peo
ple of the Union, and the outrage is madden
ing; but, since we cannot immediately put a
stop to it, we must give the Lumber Trust a
license-to-rob also, because some of the rob
bers are Southern men!
We must give the North Carolina Yellow
Pine outfit, and the South Georgia and Flori
da moguls, and the Texas Combine, the same
opportunities to victimize consumers “that
the North enjoys.”
“The same protection thrown around our
Southern industries” will enable a few men
like H. 11. Tift and his associates, monopo
lists of 250,000 acres of timber land, to exact
a tribute from every Southern man who has
to use lumber; but the Southern consumers of
lumber must smile, while being held up, be
cause the extortioner is catalogued as one of
“our Southern industries.”
The tariff duties on lumber will chiefly
benefit the mill and timber owners of the
great Northwest. People living within reach
of the Canadian mills will have to pay at
least $2 per thousand more for lumber than
they would have to pay, if Canadian lumber
could come across the line free of duty.
To relieve this situation, the Democratic
party gave its formal, emphatic pledge. On
the faith of that pledge, it got votes. And
now we are told that the Democrats in office
who ran on that platform and got elected,
have done no wrong in repudiating their plat
form.
The Jeffersonian has not placed Mr.
Brantley and the other deserters “in a false
light.” They did that. We merely chron
icled the facts. No true friend of the farmer
will ever tell him that he can right the wrong
of tariff legislation by joining the wrong
doers. No man who respects the cotton grow
er will ever try to drag him into the slop
trough of Special Privileges. How can North
ern oppressors and plunderers be checked by
creating oppressors and plunderers at the
South? Who can stop stealing by joining the
thieves ?
The thing for us to do is to find out what
is right. This done, let us stand by it, light
for it, and get it. The Jeffersonian has
nothing but scorn and contempt for the states
manship which allows a supposed local inter
est to subordinate a general and vitally im
portant principle. The present Tariff system
is the damnation of the farmer. He cannot
better his condition by adding to the cause of
his troubles. What he needs to do is to unite
for a war upon the whole thing. If the vic
tims of the system join its advocates, who will
be left to oppose it?
High duties on cotton goods tend to keep
out foreign cloth; the home manufacturer
takes advantage of his monopoly and forms a
trust, and our people have to pay high prices
for cotton fabrics. Thus the tariff ruins the
market for raw cotton by lessening the quan
tity of goods that our people can buy. if we
had lower duties on cotton goods, foreign fab
rics would come in more freely and compete
with the American spinners. The result would
be a larger sale of cotton goods, a larger de
mand for raw cotton and consequently a bet
ter price for it.
The Congressman who takes the farmer into
the camp of Special Privilege and tariff du
ties, leads him the wrong way.
To get relief the farmer must travel the op
posite direction.
® IS ®
Parson Lovett and the Advocate
In the June 4, 1909, issue of the Wesleyan
Christian Advocate, I discover that Rev. W.
C. Lovett, D. D., is the editorial assailant
who has been throwing things at the Jeffer
sonian.
So it was not Dr. Cofer.
Well, I am glad of it.
Upon a sunny day, in old Screven County,
some thirty-five years ago, a multitude of
good people had assembled at Little Horse
Creek Church, to hear speeches on “Temper
ance”; and the long, strong talk was made by
M. J. Cofer, and one of the short talks was
made by me. Two of the ugliest red-headed
mortals that the Lord ever made were thus
brought together, and they found such mu
tual consolation in each other s aggressive
homeliness that they became friends on the
spot. Busy life called the young teacher and
the young temperance lecturer to different
fields, and not often did we meet in the sub
sequent years. The teacher became a lawyer
and the lecturer a preacher; and, later on,
when I had gone into politics, Cofer was en
grossed by his fight with the devil while I
was absorbed in my fight with the Democrats.
(Apologies to the memory of Toombs.)
But, every now and then, it was my great
pleasure to come across Brother Cofer, and
every such meeting resurrected the picture of
the day in Screven, —the sunny day, the mod
est church, the attentive crowd, the engirdling
forests, and the earnest Cofer, hammering
away at John Barleycorn. Tn those times we
had no Peruna and Near Beer to fight; it was
a plain grapple with the real thing.
Last year, or the year before, my friend
John Temple Graves wrote a, magazine article
on “The Pioneers of Prohibition in Georgia.”
Like all that John Temple writes, it was well
done. The only thing it needed to make it
perfect, was the names of at least some of the
pioneers. John Temple enumerated all the
band-wagon fellows, all the eleventh-hour ar
rivals, but not a single one of those who blazed
the trail was mentioned. Such crusaders as
M. J. Cofer, A. Q. Hughes, Tillman Poole,
Mrs. W. C. Sibley, and C. R. Pringle were
overlooked altogether,— yet these were “pio
neers of prohibition in Georgia.”
But, returning to the severe raps given me
by the Advocate, I say, again, that I am glad
to see from the Advocate itself, that the as
sailant is not my old friend Cofer, but the
Rev. W. C. Lovett, D. D.
The controversy between the Advocate and
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE