Jeffersonian
Vol. 7, Number 12
The White Primary
and the Disfranchisement Law
OLLOWING up the discussion of
a constitutional question in Wat
son’s Magazine, Mr. Ira V. Max
well writes:
Your answers to my questions in
your March Magazine are highly ap
preciated. I want more information
about that third question. When
did the present Democratic Primary
system come into vogue? As I have
F
always understood, the Democratic Primary is a
party ruling and has no constitutional authority.
Why did you argue that the majority of the pop
ular vote in the Primary was unconstitutional?
Perhaps you meant it was part of our unwritten
constitution.
Here’s the idea I want to present: If the
Democratic Primary nomination is tantamount to
an election, why go to the unnecessary expense of
an election? If the object of the Democratic
Primary is to let no other party rule in Georgia,
let’s change our State Constitution to elect a
Governor by the delegate system instead of a ma
jority popular-vote system. Give us an editorial
in your weekly Jeffersonian on these points.
I am a comparatively young voter, have always
voted in the Democratic Primary, but at the
same time lam no organized Democrat. lam a
Jeffersonian Democrat, and this is why I write
you for such information. Success to the Jeffs.
Your close reader, IRA V. MAXWELL.
White, Georgia.
ANSWER.
(1) If we allowed a majority vote in the
White Primary to decide the election, we
would thereby throw to the big cities an
amount of power denied them by the Consti
tution of 1877.
Assuming that an excited election were on,
and that a large per cent, of the qualified
voters went to the polls, the city of Atlanta,
for instance, would exercise from twenty to
forty times as much influence over the result
of the election as McDuffie, or Lincoln, or
Glasscock, or many other small counties
could.
As the Constitution limits the preponder
ance of the largest counties to a ratio of
3 to 1, it would be a clear violation of the
spirit of that fundamental law to give to
these larger counties a ratio of 40 to 1, over
the smaller counties.
(2) The Democratic Primary came into
vogue soon after the downfall of the People’s
Party.
(3) Because there is a vital difference be
tween nomination for office, and election
thereto. Besides, it isn’t everybody, even in
Georgia, who votes in the Democratic Pri
mary. The minority, no matter how small,
is entitled to nominate its candidate, and give
him its vote.
We have in our midst “quite a few” Re
publicans—in fact, just about a sufficient
number to eat the quadrennial pie, without
leaving enough to feed the yard-dog and
house-cat.
Then, again, we have some National Pro
hibitionists, whose sense of humor is so nebu-
Mt ant a, Ga., Thursday, March 24, 1910
lous that they solemnly nominate a vote for
a candidate whose name is Swallow.
And then—oh yes, I “like to have forgot”
—we have a few dozen lunatics who fancy
themselves Socialists, and who can, upon the
slightest inducement or provocation, make
the welkin ring with inarticulate but sten
torian Noise.
So, you can see for yourself, that to shut
out all these, upon the supposition that there
are not, and will not be anybody worth while,
in Georgia, excepting the wildly tangled, and
marvellously mixed Democrats, would be
what is commonly called a “gratuitous as
sumption”.
(4) I went in with the Democrats to get
the Disfranchisement law, for this reason:
While the 'White Primary excluded the ne
groes, it was not a law. Being nothing more
than a party custom, it could be laid on the
shelf at any time that the Democrats needed
the negro vote. They bought the blacks to
beat their white brothers with, in the Nine
ties, and I knew that, if ever they needed
Sambo’s help in the future, they would buy
him again.
So I made, in the Atlanta speech of Sep
tember 1, 1904, the proposition which carried
the unpopular Hoke Smith into office, to act
as Reformer pro tern.
It was a brand new suit of clothes to the
gold-standard Clevelandite, and he wore it
awkwardly, for just one season.
Then, our Reformer pro tem. adjourned
sine die.
And that’s where I, dropped my candy.
The Inner Circle would have naught of
Yours-as-Ever. They would make Glad Mo
tions in My Direction, but that was All.
Never could get an inkling of What Was
Happening Inside.
Yes: it was just as I tell you. I was kept
on the Outside; and from the Inside there
came to my startled ears the well-known,
easily recognized sound of knife-grinding.
Yes, sir: they were sharpening bowies,
stilettoes and other slicing and piercing in
struments and utensils. For whom? Why,
for a red-topped individual of just about my
inches.
And I didn’t hear that grindstone any too
soon, either. They thought they had me, and
they bragged that they would “get” me—and
they came blamed near doing it.
But a miss is as good as a mile: I got on
to the game in time to save, not only myself,
but Old Man Peepul, too.
That Old Man had to be saved in spite of
himself—as horses have to be when the barn’s
on fire.
Drat his Old Skin, he had got fastened to
Hoke so strong that I couldn’t jar him loose.
In spite of the fact that I had fought the
Old Man’s battles for a score of years, (while
Hoke Smith had been serving Northern cor-
porations, operating a fancy bar-room, and
championing the damnable money schemes of
Wall Street,) this Old Man Peepul actually
took it into his noggin that I had deserted
him; and that Hoke, Boykin Wright, Law
ton Milton “and et cetery‘\ were the Only
True Friends the poor old fellow had In The
World.
I’ve caught it hot and heavy for taking
sides with Old Man Peepul; and have been
slammed around a right smart on his ac
count; but I never knew what political hurt
ing was until he hurt me.
But gradually the Old Man is seeing
things as they actually were, and is ceasing
to say hard things about me.
And by the time he realizes that the Hoke
Inner Circle have disfranchised more white
men than negroes, Old Man Peepul will have
learned that, in opposing Hoke’s re-election,
I was engaged in the same old fight.
This is how it was:
Hoke and his Inner Circle wanted to
frame rules, regulations and laws which en
able the Bosses to disfranchise country coun
ties as the Boykin Wright methods, of the
Nineties, had done in the Tenth Congression
al District.
Therefore, they adopted those new rules, in
the spring of 1908, which were in violation
of the spirit of our Constitution and which
sought to rob the country counties of rights
they had enjoyed for thirty-one years.
Defeated —largely on account of those new
rules —the Inner Circle did the next best
thing: they so framed our new Registration
law that it will weed out a considerable per
centage of the country vote, and will give
the voting privilege to thousands of negroes.
The white men who will be disfranchised
are the men of the farm, who are opposed to
that Inner Circle of city Bosses. The ne
groes who will qualify, arc chiefly in the
city—where the Bosses can control them.
Bee?
The new law is simply abominable; and
it's sinister purpose DEFEATS, ALMOST
ENTIRELY, THE INTENT OF THE
DISFRANCHISEMENT AMENDMENT.
You should not vote for any candidate, for
the State Senate, or House of Representa
tives, who does not pledge himself to a re
peal of that law. If we must have a registra
tion law, let us have one that does not place
a city negro in a better position than a poor
white man of the rural community.
Don’t forget this. When candidates an
nounce for the next Legislature bone them
about thi§ new-fangled, blundering, trap
setting law.
And I want to ask a favor of you?
If you happen to know of some old Pop
who is “cussing Tom Watson” on account of
Hoke Smith, READ HIM THIS, before
telling him who wrote it.
Price, Five Cents