Why the Birds Do Not Sing
By Everard H. Richardson, M. D.
Where the south winds blow the
mockingbird shyly wings itself to the
bough of some beautiful tree, but no
warble comes from the silver throat
of this sweetest of all song birds of
the Southern forest. Why? Nature
whispers, “’Tis too soon,” and back to
its bleak forest home this lone bird
silently wings its flight. So it is that
Nature dominates all worlds and
whatever belongs to them, both ani
mate and inanimate.
The old man, who has reached his
three score and ten years, filled with
vanity, felicitates himself “that he
has been better than other men, liv
ed an upright and prudent life, and
thus it is that he is enjoying a ripe
old age.” In his ignorance he does
not know that whatever he is, it is
by the grace of Nature, —heredity,
education and environment. His
virile ancestors were probably pio
neers and lived their lives in the
open air and sunshine in harmony
with Nature’s laws. There was no
cause for the offspring of such sim
ple and robust ancestry to inherit an
organism that was not stable or pre
disposed to violate the laws of Na
ture and become the subjects of a
neurotic temperament with any ere
thistic tendency. Every form of life,
all forces and all growth inhere in
Nature and are governed by her in
flexible laws. Any infraction of Na
ture’s laws is certain to be followed
by a penalty. Be assured—
“ Though with patience he stands
waiting,
With exactness grinds he all.”
This law applies to every phe
nomena of life, physical, mental or
ethical.
The phlegmatic and evenly poised
ox eats his grass complacently and
is unperturbed by the pestiferous fly
that alights upon his body, but the
high-bred dog, accustomed to luxury
and tender care for generations, suf
fers exquisite torture from this slight
infliction which its scrub brother
would hardly notice. In the human
family ill-assorted marriages, “bad
crosses,” from whatever motive,
ignorance, accident, or design, gen
erate an ignoble race, and every form
of physical and mental. degeneracy
ensue. Mistakes and errors in our
present state of existence are inci
dent to the entire human family.
Under my observation thirty years
ago one of the best men I ever knew
had in his employ a tubercular col
ored cook; his children loved her,
and she continued in the service of
this family. Years rolled on and the
father died in an insane asylum from
chronic tubercular meningitis con
tracted from this source; one child
has died, and three of the family
now have this loathsome disease.
Locally, this was regarded as a
fearful visitation of Providence upon
a good family—for “vhom He loveth
—He chasteneth.” Perfect intelli
gence alone can not err.
Ignorance is the only Devil —and
is the parent of all evils. Ultimate-
i Here is our special sewing Ik
awl which wil Ibe found
atimeandmoneysaver -41
in every household JR.
in city and on farm.
11 i s not a nov-
elty, but a j|k
practical
hand ma- . ? e “
I chine pairing
/ for Shoes, Har-
ness ’ Belts,
\ Carpets, Rugs,
I Canvas of all kin ds,
I Gloves, Mittens, Sad-
1 dies. You can sew up
wire cuts on horses or cattle.
Retail price SI.OO everywhere.
Send us 9oc and rcceive 52 copies
of the Southwest’s best farm paper,
TEXAS FARM GO-OPERATOR
and this home necessity FREE. Value of
both $2. Address Texas Farm Co-Oper
ator. Box 1015 Fort
ly intelligence will solve all mys
teries —and the supernatural will
not be dreamed of. Nature in some
nebulous form always existed, and
will continue to exist throughout the
countless cycles of eternity. Infinity
is engraven upon all creation, and
its empire is almighty as it is eter
nal. Worlds, whether incomplete
and barren or filled with oceans,
mountains and living things, are but
the handiwork of Nature.
The light of present day knowl
edge, the result of the evolution of
all the ages of the past, warrant these
declarations. Abandon them and we
tread upon the domain of speculation
and enter a field of “guess-work,”
where superstition and tradition
reign. By the ceaseless workings
and mutations of Nature continets
have been belched up from the seas,
and in recent years islands have
arisen from the ocean’s depths and
sunk again from observation into
their silent deeps. And so it will
continue eternally, and change for
ever. New bards will sing, new
planets in the firmament will come
and go and be forgotten.
Oh, Time, thou movest ever on
ward in thy noiseless flight, bringing
to mankind new blessings, new dis
coveries, but robbing those who re
main of their most dearly prized
treasures! In vain we call upon thee
to halt and spare, but thy laws are
merciless and inexorable. Thou
heedest not man’s plaintive cries, nor
carest thou if naught of life but
youth and virility can love thee!
Within the waves of thy ruthless
bosom sleeps the voice that sang to
childhood’s listening ear the sweet
song of “Those evening bells.” But
long the cold wind and chill blasts
have beat upon her grave! And now
the music of that voice is only a
memory of pearls! In the night
time of the soul, when all is dark, in
fancy we hear that angelic voice and
feel that thrilling touch, and enrap
tured gaze upon the pages those dear
fingers have touched!
But when the midnight of the soul
has passed, and the mind has re
sumed its normal sway, we realize
we have indulged in only a reminis
cent dream, and that sweet spirit,
like the perfume from the petals of
the rose, has gone forever. We speak
to it, but it answereth not; silence
dark as the polar night is the only
response. But in sentient beings the
thinking part of man’s economy, his
mind, product of brain, when em
bodied in deeds, may live after him
and become immortal, otherwise his
best thoughts, noblest sentiments,
loftiest ideas, like the song of the
lark, will perish and vanish into
ether—and vain man with his dreams
of glory, like the beasts of the field,
will lie down and die, returning to
Nature’s laboratory. “The dead know
not anything, neither have they any
more reward.”
“For too much love of living
From hope and fear set free,
We thank with brief thanksgiving
Whatever gods may be,
That no life lives forever,
That dead men rise up never,
That even the weariest river
Winds somewhere to the sea.”
“Then star nor sun shall waken,
Nor any change of light,
Nor sound of waters shaken,
Nor any sound or sight,
Nor winter leaves nor vernal,
Nor days nor things diurnal,
Only the sleep eternal
In our eternal night.”
Nature’s laws can not be placated.
Intelligence can only wisely inter
pret and render homage to their wis
dom by obedience. Disobedience of
her laws is sure to bring, sooner or
later, retribution which means Hell
all along the line. Prompted by his
vanity and bigotry man may cant and
howl about his cravings, but as his il
lusionments are dispelled, he is
forced to recognize evolutionary
axioms, or through ignorance and
Gbfc Jeffersonian
superstition cling to. his rainbow
dreams as a sweet unction .
But facing the laws of Nature man
should be undismayed and fear noth
ing except ignorance, superstition,
hypocrisy and vice.
His paramount ambition should be
to use every laudable effort to be
come intelligent, and then he will
violate no law of Nature or morals.
Emancipated from the ignorance
and superstition of the past, his
foundation will be upon the granite
FREE Vitaline
Dr. Rainey says: “My scientific formula
of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases fit* ZX
and symptoms mentioned below—it’s the ■CTR'FW/iThh
most certain of all and there is no doubt I laP/
about this. Vitaline tablets are just nKSZio I ■ 4
the treatment so many are looking FAI |HI
F, LL
for, what they should have and must have ...
to be made strong, vigorous and healthy.
it makes no difference how weak you are coin to get bottle packed and
nor how long you have had your trouble. -4 pay . P csta s e - This is all you have
Vitaline tablets will easily overcome it-
they Will not fail nor disappoint you. bottle without cost or obligation to
■■■-ni.AiiA prove what a wonderful remedy
NERVOUS WEAKNESS, DEBILITY- vitality* EHril wl ta!ine I > blet ? b re \i We kn °n
Nervousness, Weakness, Twitching, Jerking, Easily when you have taken them you 11
Excited, Wornout keeling. Weak, Aching Back Lack eay w, th a glad heart that you have
of Strength, Energy or Ambition. Bad breams,’Poor a t l a *t found the right medicine.
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. » Vitaline tablets act on the Vital Or-
TRAIIRI EQ Pain in Stomach, Loss lI'M WLfl gans that generate vitality and create
O I UIYIAUn I nUuDLt.O - of Appetite, Dyspepsia mA" wJS the nerve force which makes one feel
Indigestion, Bad Taste or Breath, Sick Headache! MmjrP&fl Strong, vigorous and healthy, equal to
Bloated, Heartburn, Sour Belching,, Spitting Up f l all the duties and pleasures of robust
Catarrh, Gas, Gnawing, Nervousness. ’ strength and health. They give you
ta -. n _ r, . Bir syZMi vigor and vitality every day and restore
rlrflßT W I-A if N FQQ—Fl’morlng, Skipping, Pal- you so fast and completely you never
~ pitation,Painin Heart,Side ATI know there was anything the matter.
n?°" F n Hreath, Weak, Sinking, Cold ■ ' Vitaline tablets are guaranteed by us un-
or Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing in der the U. S Pure Food and Drugs Law by
Excitement or Exertion. w| Guarantee No. 3877. You never had any- ■
PATADDU Hawking, Spitting,. Nose Running thing like them, combining their wonderful
VM I Ann n-Waterv or Yellowish Matter or Stopped curing and strengthening powers.
Up, Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; ■LxWZTI We send you our illustrated book, Vital-
Pains In Kidnevs. Bladder. Lungs, Stomach or Bowels WmbZ'”' ,ty You nave never seen one like it. Our
may be Catarrh. testimonials from people cured after ten to
' forty years of doctoring will convince you
DI AAA TPAIIDI EQ General Debility, Paleness, of all we claim for Vitaline tablets.
DLUUU InUUDLud Thin,Weak.Run-bown.Ner!
vous, Rash,ores. Ulcers, Pimples,Chilly or Feverish,
Loss of Flesh and Strength. Exact size of Bottle containing 120 Vitaline tablets.
ENCLOSE IO CENTS INISTAMPS OR COIN, for * Postage,' Pa
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. 81 .152 Lake Street, Chicago. I enclose amount for postage
and packing. Send at once by mail in plain package, SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets, without cost
or obligation to me.
NAME.
ADDRESS.
Shield |
Brand EB I
o 1 t SHIELD BRAND ) B
|-| AAQ \xSROES ARE BESUF ■
tradeSZmark ■
THE REASON ■
Shield Brand Shoes give the wearer more style and
service than shoes made by any other manufacturer, is
because every pair of Shield Brand Shoes is made by I
Skilled Shoemakers; Specialists in every sense of the word.
THE LEATHER I
is carefully selected for every pair of shoes, and every
detail of their making is carefully looked after by
trained, experienced experts, who have every item of
knowledge in shoe-making right at their finger’s end.
HENCE I
SHIELD BRAND SHOES ARE BEST, B
FIT BEST, AND WEAR LONGEST, B
| Shoes for Every Member of the Family | B
M. 0. KISER CO. -S7KSZL. Atlanta, Ga. I
bed of truth and justice. Thus
equipped and panoplied, he can con
sistently' acclaim the noble senti
ments of the poet:
Accursed be the country to every evil
a prey,
Where money accumulates and men
decay.
Liberal commissions on the Wat
son books. Write to The Jeffs,
Thomson, Ga.
PAGE NINETEEN