PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
IS THIS TRAGEDY OR FARCE? "
Friday night while New York City
was resounding with the echoes of the
one thousand meetings in commemora
tion of the hundredth birthday anni
versary of the Emancipator, and Book
er T. Washington was telling his white
fellow banqueters of his first impres
sions of Lincoln’s when as a pickanin
ny on a Virginia plantation his moth
er knelt over him and prayed for the
success of the Northern armies, a cu
rious burlesque was being carried out
in a Flatbush church in the vicinity.
An auctioneer named O’Loughlin
was offering for sale on the block for
ty “white slaves” whose faces were
covered with masks, men who said
they were more than willing —would
gladly barter their freedom for em
ployment to obtain the means for a
mere physical existence.
When the constitutional objection
was raised to the proceedings the po
lice who were def iled to preside over
the keep the crowd
of curious people in order, declared
that the “club was mightier than the
Contsitution ” and the farce or trag
edy —as the case may be—proceeded •
as far as bona fide bidders could be
found for the men.
O’Loughlin, the auctioneer, explain
ed that some time ago he advertised
for a man out of work who would sell
himself for food, shelter and clothing.
That man got a job, but 300 others
came along at once ready to do the
same thing, and then he decided to
advertise for a church in which to
conduct the sale.
“Bring up the slaves, captain,”
O’Loughlin then shouted, according
to the New York Sun’s report of the
scene, which says “you could hear
the audience in the audience catch its
breath. The organ, played by a boy,
struck up ‘John Brown’s Body,’ and
there filed into the church from the
rear door a little procession of men,
some old, some young, some walking
erect and some shambling. On each
was a tag with a number and through
the holes in the blaeK masks could be
seen some eyes that gazed unsteadily
at 'the gaping crowd and some that
were filled with tears.”
'Continuing, the Sun’s report says:
“The men were put up then one by
one. No. 10 came first. Mr. O’Lough
lin described him, auctioneer fashion,
as a young man willing to work or be
driven, and invited any one to come
up and feel him. One man, rather
shamefacedly, did so.
“ ‘How much am I bid for this
man 1 ?’ said Mr. O’Loughlin.
“H. C. Will, a baker of Coney Is
land, jumped up and offered <slo, and
led him out. He also offered to give
three loaves of bread a day besides,
and the building shook with cheers.
“The old men were not put up, but
one man in the audience noticing a
gray beard behind one of the black
masks, drew the wearer gently aside,
and talked to him, and then it was an
nounced that No. 17 had a job. One
other man, a young one, got a $lO a
week job, another a promise of $35 a
month after March 1, and another a
job for which the compensation was
not stated.”
No more bids being forthcoming,
the auctioneer got tired and offered
the others in a bunch, but there was
no taker.
This scene in the great free republic
of America which produces Croesuses
without number by operation of law,
and which spends one billion dollars
annually for the purpose of giving the
people a good, humane and free gov
ernment !
One hundred and thirty-three years
ago the federated colonies declared in
dependence, dedicated this continent
to freedom and invited the oppressed
of all climes to find a home here. For
ty years ago our people sacrificed more
than a million lives and billions of
money that the last vestige of slavery
should be wiped out in America.
Today there are hundreds, proba
bly thousands, of men and women in
the country who would gladly barter
their freedom for the right to live —
and there are no takers.
What does it mean?
Is it a grim joke or have we in re
ality so far retrograded in a humani
tarian sense under the hypocrisy of
Republican government?—Macon Tel
egraph.
ABOUT SCHOOL TAX.
It is quite natural for those who
have no children to educate to hold,
whenever the matter of taxation for
schools is being considered, that it
is not just to tax them for the pur
pose; that it is the duty of parents
to educate their own children. That
this duty rests solely upon the par
ent has so long been accepted as
true does not make it so.
Children are not educated for the
benefit of the parent alone, but for
that of the confmunity at large.
When the parent stands the expense
of educating his child the only ben
efit he derives therefrom more than
any other citizen of the community
is the consolation that he has done
his part by his child and fitted him
to better fight the battle of life.
Theoretically, every other citizen of
the community derives as much ma
terial benefit from the child becom
ing an educated citizen of the com
munity as does the parent.
This being true, and it can not be
denied, is it not the duty of all citi
zens to contribute toward the edu
cation of the coming generations? Is
it not a duty they owe themselves
directly, if not to society? And
should not every citizen be required
to perform this duty?
In point of fact, raising children
is a patriotic act. As a rule, the
parent derives barely more benefits
from having borne and sustained
and nurtured the child until it has
become a useful citizen than does
any other citizen of the community
in which that child resides. If the
parent has stood the work and wor
ry and expense of producing that
citizen in his crude form, so to
speak, certainly it is not demanding
too much of the citizen who does
not contribute this worry and ex
pense to the building up and benefit
of the community, to require him to
at least aid in adding the additional
equipment of an education that the
child may be a better and more use
ful citizen, and therefore more profit
able citizen in the community.
Gb* Jeffersonian
Viewing it from this standpoint it
would seem to be rather an injustice
not to require those who do not fur
nish the children to stand all the
expense of educating them. Surely
the parent has done his share to
wards keeping up the community
when he has reared the child to man
hood or womanhood, and then to re
quire him to give it the further edu
cational equipment to make the child
a more useful and valuable citizen
would seem to be rather doubling the
load on the parent.
If the above views were taken gen
erally of the matter, and they are
certainly sound, movements to better
the educational advantages in a com
munity would not be met by as much
opposition as now. —Oglethorpe Echo.
THE CRAWFORD W. LONG MON
UMENT.
It is particularly fitting that a
monument be erected by the medical
profession of Georgia to one of her
most distinguished citizens, Crawford
W. Long, the discoverer of ether an
esthesia.
With this purpose in view the Ath
ens Woman’s Club has undertaken
the collection of funds for the erec
tion of this memorial and it is earn
estly desired that every physician in
the State make a prompt contribution
and thereby assist in honoring a no
table member of the profession—the
discoverer of one of the most useful
of anesthetics.
It is a sad commentary and a re
flection upon Georgia that Dr. Long
should have received greater honors in
other counknes than he has in his own
State. A prompt contribution and
hearty co-operation of the physicians
of this State will enable the Woman’s
Club to erect a monument in Athens,
the home of this distinguished citizen,
and thus in a measure may we neu
tralize our past neglect and delin
quency. The United States has hon
ored the name of Dr. Long by award
ing him a place in the Hall of Fame
in Washington, D. C., but the niche is
yet unfilled. —Atlanta Journal-Record
of Medicine.
It is peculiarly fitting that Georgia
should erect a monument to her son —
one of the greatest benefactors of the
human race. The South has right to
be proud of the memory of such a
man. The achievements of some of
her sons have never been properly
TO ALL OUR AGENTS
To the agent who sends us the largest number of subscriptions
to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian, or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine,
between Feb. 18 and April 1, 1909, we will give
. TEN DOLLARS IN CASH
To the agent who sends us the second largest number of sn?u
scriptions, as above, we will give x
FIVE DOLLARS IN CASH
The subscriptions will be counted by points, as foilrows:
Straight yearly subscription to either Jeffersonian , 10 points
Yearly subscription to Weekly, with 50 post cards 5
Six months subscription to either Jeffersonian 5 ”
Six months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards .. 4 ”
Three months subscription to either Jeffersonian 2% ”
Three months subscription to Weekly, with 20 post cards 2 ”
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in for this prize competition. For tennis, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
lauded to the world.
The daring Ephraim McDowell, of
Kentucky, who in 1809 performed the
first laporotomy on a poor woman i£F
the wilds of Kentucky, without anes
thesia, was an event which marked the
beginning of intra-pelvie gynecologic
surgery. But the brightest page in
the chapter of great things achieved
contains the wonderful discovery of
Dr. Crawford W. Long, of Georgia,
who on March 30, 1842, used ether for
the first time, as an anesthetic, while
operating upon James Venable, from
whose neck he removed, without pain,
a large tumor —robbing, for all time,
the operating table of its dreadful
h'orrors. —Gaillard’s 'Southern Medi
cine.
REELFGOT LAKE.
The pending bill in the general as
sembly to make Reelfoot Lake a state
game and fish preserve is a measure
which greatly concerns a large section
of West Tennessee and is also of in
terest to the whole state. Aside from
the general proposition of the desir
ability of having so large a body of
water declared a public preserve and
placed under proper regulations in re
gard to its use and for the protection
of its game and fish, there is the fur
ther purpose involved of relieving a
very tense and dangerous condition in
the region adjacent to the lake which
has grown out of the assumption of
private control of the lake and its fish
ing and hunting privileges, a control
which has gone counter to long estab
lished customs and .traditions, and
which has resulted in Night Rider dis
turbances and crimes that have so re
cently shocked the commonwealth and
brought reproach upon the state. It is
the belief of the advocates of the bill
that by making the lake a state pre
serve the good will of thousands of
people immediately affected will be re
stored * and conditions of peace and
harmony in the lake region will be re
established. The matter is one for
serious consideration, with a due re
gard for individual rights, yet with
the main idea of benefiting the state
of conserving the interests and
welfare of the greatest number of peo
ple. The plan proposed seems practic
able and, at least, should be given
careful attention with the view of
solving a very serious problem which
affects the whole state. —Nashville
Banner.