That market you can open by the re
peal of this tax. The only objection
which has been or can be assigned
is this pitiful loss of revenue. In the
face of the facts and conditions that
confront you, this is no objection at
all.
There are 7,000,000 negroes in the
South who prefer the natural leaf to
tobacco in any other form. That to
bacco is given to those negroes in the
form of a ration by the owners of
Southern plantations. A member of
this House the other day told me that
it was the custom to allow so many
pounds of tobacco with every ration —
so much meat and so much bacon and
so much meal and so much tobacco.
Now the Southern planter and the
plantation darkey alike would prefer
the natural leaf. I know that in the
sad hours for Kentucky and Tennes
see we can look to the sons of the
orange and evergreen for relief. They
will not fail us in a response charac
teristic of that brave and generous
land.
It is argued, Mr. Chairman, that if
this tax should be taken from tobacco
in this form that the sale would super
sede the demand for tobacco in other
forms, and in that way more materi
ally decrease the revenues of the
Government. I hope that this is true,
and more than true. “ ’Tis a con
summation devoutly to be wished.”
Have you ever considered the full
meaning of this argument? It is sim
ply this: Men making a few cents for
a day of thirteen hours’ ceaseless
toil in the cultivation of tobacco, will,
after this long day is done, take a
bundle of tobacco to the nearest coun
try store and trade it for coffee or
sugar or meat, and the merchant will
sell it to the next customer instead of
a plug made by James B. Duke &
Co., and in that way the Government
will lose the chance to take from this
“oerla'bour’d wight” the sum of six
cents.
Is there a man upon either side of
this Chamber who will tell me in
honesty and candor that -he is the
friend of the toiler, that he believes
in protecting him against the oppres
sion of the worst trust ever formed,
and then have the temerity to claim
that this Government should continue
this old, cruel war tax, eating as it
does the bread from the mouths of
the overburdened and starving ten
antry of the South?
Will you sit idly by, with your eyes
open, and permit them to be ruthless
ly plundered, see their last market
destroyed, and refuse to this people,
by a law you can not defend, the poor
boon of making another market for
themselves? (Applause on the Demo
cratic side.)
THE LITTLE WOMAN IN BROWN.
(Continued from Page Three.)
very quickly in a city and the little
woman hurried her away. Then in a
quiet spot she told her story. Friends
whom the little woman interested had
helped 'her, her husband had died, her
baby also, but friends stood by
through all the trouble and now she
had a fruit stand on a good corner,
her boy was in school, she was making
money, had some on deposit in a bank
and ever her refrain was: “I knew
that dear Christ would help me.”
It was cold, they had no fire,
scarcely any food; the artist was ill,
he was an old man, his strength jvas
going. Once he had been asked how
long it took him to paint the Christ
picture and he had said with a look
straight into the eyes of the little wo
man in brown:
“I feel like answering—fifty years
of suffering and four months of
labor,” and she understood.
But when we have suffered for fifty
years we feel our weakness. We can
not endure as we did at twenty and
the artist was ill.
A number of years afterward he
secured a little money and he said to
her, the little woman, still in brown,
the tire still 'burning in her eyes and
face, but dimly, more dimly than ever;
now it was the after glow of October,
it held no more the 'ardor of July.
“We will take our Christ picture
and go eastward. Here, in the west,
they are still in the building stage.
They do not want pictures until their
houses are finished. We will turn our
faces toward the dawn and then we
will find success.”
But when they reached the dawn,
the artist was taken ill again and the
picture remained in its ease. At last
it was taken out but few came to look
upon the face of the heroic Christ.
Few could come for life was hard and
sharp. They had no time to look upon
the sunset pictures which the Almigh
ty One, himself, had painted; how
could they, then, look upon this other
picture done by an artist who was
poor, unknown and friendless as the
One they bowed before each Sabbath
day ?
The old artist never lost his faith.
He dwelt in a 'Cloudland where angels
were his companions but the little wo
man who watched over him, who saw
nothing of the angels, heard not their
voices, counting the pennies as they
slipped one by one through her fin
gers, making each one do its most that
he might not suffer, put out the last
ember of the fire in her eyes and face
and left in them nothing but love and
ashes. At night, when he is asleep,
she rises softly that he may not hear,
falls prone upon the floor and with
clenched hands and face hidden in the
dust, she questions, “Why?”
He, with a faith born of a divine
purpose says, “Some day my picture
will take rank among the master
pieces of the world and all will recog
nize that He was not a God but a
Man whose life was in the image of
God.”
Happy they to whom death comes
as it did to the consumptive Arme
nian. At night, when he was sleeping,
an angel gliding into his room on the
'rays as moonlight, lifted him in his
arms and bore him gently away. The
little woman, her youth, her courage,
her hope gone with the dead years,
still loves and caresses she old artist
and still has one unvoiced prayer:
“Let his end be as peaceful, as
painless, as the Armenian’s whose
wife’s prayer to that dear Christ we
answered.”
WHEN YOU GET A KNIFE
Free from us, show it to all your
neighbors and friends, and get them
to subscribe to the Jeffersonians.
Bloodless Method of Treating Cancer.
We make a specialty of treating and curing
external cancer. Have you one, or do you know
a friend who has one? If so, write us. NO CURE
NO PAY.
Scientific remedy in scientific hands. No
operation, no loss of blood. Can refer you to
many cases cured and now well. NO FAILURES.
DRS. MATTHEWS G KING
P. O. Box 56 Quitman, Ga.
Jeffersonian
FREE Dollar Bottle Vitaline
Dr. Rainey says: "My scientific form- On Trial /■*
ula of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases and symp- rt
toms mentioned below—it’s the most certain of all and
there is no doubt about this. Vitaline tablets are just the lIX JI HI
treatment so many are looking for, what they should have
and must have to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. It . ■-« C- yrm. 'I ,j* H
makes no difference how weak you are nor how long you T A I TTIJg
havehadyour trouble, Vitaline will easily over- ■IT | IT ■ <
come it —it will not fail nor disappoint you.” “ ****
NERVOUS WEAKNESS, DEBILITY-L™^
Wornout Feeling, Weak, Aching Baek, Lack of Ln*!”*'
Strength, Energy or Ambition, Bad Dreams, Poor cents postage stamp*
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. bottle to you—that's
STOMACH
gestion. Bad Taste or Breath, Sick Headache, Bloated, 4 nothing for them until you can »ay With ■
Heartburn, Sour Belching, Spitting Up, Catarrh, Gas. a glad heart that you hav« at last found ■
Gnawing, Nervousness. Ov tha right medicine. Pay ua no money I
HEART WEAKNESS Fluttering, Skipping■, Pal pita- ft ’,±’!ud Amont 2nd I
tlon, Pam in Heart, Side or pick it a all last to your judgement ana aay- ■
Shoulder Blade, Short Breath, Weak. Sinking, Cold or so, which we abide by— that's the I
Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing in understanding. w
Excitement or Exertion. vitaline tablets act on the Vita- I
CATARRH— Hawking,Spitting, Noseßunning Watery Organs that generate the vital warmth I
or Yellowish Matter, or Stopped Up, ’ and the nerve force which makes one ]
Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Pains feel strong, vigorous and healthy, ■
in Kidneys, Bladder, Lungs, Stomach or Bowels may Q x equal to all the duties and pleasures of I
be Catarrh. robust strength and life. They give you ■
BLOOD TROUBLES— Gene raI Debility, Paieness, vigor and vitality every day and restore ■
PLU Y P - 1 WUUPtta -Thin. Weak, Run-Down, Ner- you and completely you I
vous, Rash, Sores,Ulcers, Pimples, Chilly or Feverish, never know there was anything the I
Loss of Flesh and Strength. matter.
Vitaline tablets are guaranteed under ■
---- - -- ---. U. S. Pure Food and Drugs Act—Serial I
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co.. Dept. 81, 152 Lake St., No. 3877—y0u have never had anything I
Chicago. I enclose four cents postage. Send at once like them, combining their wonderful I
by mall in plain package SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets healing and strengthening power.
2? p . ro ,Y.V I will send you We send you our beautifully illustra- I
SI,OO, otherwise I will pay you nothing. ted book, “Vitality”—you have never I
■MM* seen one like it. Our testimonials from I
v™,, u people cured after ten to forty years of ■
irumt doctoring will convince you of all we I
claim tor Vitaline. , ■
Address ——.
Make Money Work
If you have a little money saved up which
you would like to invest so that it will be
absolutely safe, and at the same time will
be increasing at a profitable rate, write to
us for particulars of our Jeffersonian Bonds.
They are secured by a perfect guarantee,
and they earn Seven per cent interest. The
bonds are in small denominations, and are
intended for small investors. The interest
is payable annually, and is secured as abso
lutely as the principal. Write today.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
KNIFE FREE
PHOTO OF THOS. E. WATSON
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new
yearly subscription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly
Jeffersonian or Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine we will
mail a handsome, two-bladed knife, with a transparent
handle containing the latest photograph of the Hon.
Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of
the very finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of
German silver, the linings of plate brass, all beauti
fully finished. The photograph of Mr. Watson is life
like ; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
and leader.
This Offer is Good for Thirty Days
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the South .. .. Price 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs
Sketches from Roman History .. .. Price .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo, just published Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thornton, Qa.
PAGE FIFTEEN