PAGE TEN
LETTERS PROM THE PEOPLE
DON’T KNOW WHERE THEY’RE AT.
By W. S. Morgan.
The New York Evening Post wants to know
‘‘What is the difference between the Re
publican and the Democratic Parties?”
The Kansas City Journal, a staunch Re
publican paper, commenting on this inquiry,
confesses that it is a difficult matter to point
out the difference.
‘‘History,” says the Journal, ‘‘does not
supply a situation more vague and confusing
to the average citizen than that which con
fronts the American voter. It is pointed out
taht a Democrat is not necessarily a man who
votes the Democratic ticket, any more than
a Republican is a man who votes the Re
publican ticket, True,’ it says, “the party
names survive, and men are gathered beneath
partisan banners as a matter of fealty or
habit, but nowdays there are identical ele
ments in both parties and demarkation is
along the line of radicalism or conservatism.”
“Jefferson,” continues the editorial in the
Journal, “was a strict constitutional con
structionist, and it was upon this issue that
the party came into existence. But today
Bryan and his followers are advocating such
a liberal construction of the constitution as to
make it admit of policies far beyond anything
ever dreamed of by the old school of Democ
racy. Roosevelt has set the pace in bringing
the constitution ‘up to date,’ and at his
heels are the radicals of Democracy, while in
the background are the conservative elements
of both old parties, looking upon the mad
race with anxiety and apprehension. Some
think that the outcome of this unique state
of affairs will be that both old parties must
disintegrate, separating the radicals from the
conservatives, and that either the Democratic
radicals will join the Republican radicals
under the name of Republicans, or the Re
publican conservatives will join their brethren
of the Democracy under the latter or some
other name. Certainly government control is
running riot in the ranks of both old parties,
but there is still a strong and probable
controlling element of voters who love in
dividual liberty and who will gain the upper
hand when the present frenzy has spent
itself. ’ ’
“Radicalism.” adds the Journal, “is at
fever heat in the country, and both the
Democratic and Republican extremities are in
the race to see which can outdo the other
in the delivery of the country to socialism.”
Now, don't that take your breath?
The situation, as inquired into by the Post,
and outlined by the Journal, reminds me of
the story of the negro porter and the dog.
The dog was being shipped somewhere by
express, and to his collar was attached a
tag denoting the point of his destination. The
dog managed to get the tag in his mouth and
chewed jt into small fragments. Some one
fbt '’ r h*T*‘ the dog was g*i.*g,
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
“I dunno, sah, Boss, he’s done et up his
tag and we’se don’t none ob us know whah
he’s goin’.”
It seems as though both the old parties
have “done et up their tags,” and don’t know
where they are going.
The Journal, like most other papers of its
class, in the discussion of questions of con
stutional limitation, seems to lose sight of the
fact that our present constitution was made
to conform to entirely different conditions
from those which prevail now. As those con
ditions changed we have endeavored to meet
them with various amendments. But some
of these so-called conservatives would place
such a strict construction on the constitution
as to bend it the other way, to construe its
meaning the opposite of that which its
framers intended. If they keep on they will
yet be contending that it is unconstitutional
to amend the constitution.
The Journal is right in one thing: it gives
a party good diagnosis of the situation.
Whether its predictions as to the future
shall prove true remains to be seen.
The Republicans are becoming as badly
“split up” ,as are the Democrats, and that
is saying something.
This condition of things is the sure pre
cursor of new political alignments.
“A house divided against itself can not
stand.”
In the Republican party are people of many
shades of political belief, and color.
The Democratic party is not so profusely
endowed with variety of color, especially-those
of darker shades, but the range of political
belief is even wider than that in the Republi
can party.
It seems as though, where we have two great
parties with such flexibility of principles, we
should have no difficulty in getting through
Congress a bill providing for a system of
flexible currency.
The extreme elements in the two old
parties have been lapping over each other for
many years, and the lap has now grown so
extensively that the best of friends have found
it difficult to recognize each other, or to
determine just where they are at. And it is
do wonder that such eminent authorities as
the New York Evening Post acknowledges its
inability to distinguish the difference be
tween a Republican and a Democrat.
Confession like that is good for the country.
The masses have been laboring under the
conviction that there was a difference be
tween the two old parties, and have been
lambasting each other for responsibility for
the many ills which afflict the country.
It is this belief that has sustained the
organizations of the two old parties.
It kept alive the old prejudices which have
been such a stumbling block to all kinds of
political reform.
The old Greenbackers and the Populists
have for years been drawing up indictments
sjw.ißst the tw?) old puUfjeg charging tbeip
with conspiracy, of being one and the same
thing.
But they could never get their case in court.
Or if they did it always remained at the
foot of the docket.
But now the defendants come in and make
open confession of the truth of the allegation.
They plead guilty.
From this confession there is no appeal, no
change of venue, no rehearing.
There is nothing left to do but to pronounce
sentence, which should be nothing less than
the dissolution of the two old parties, and an
opportunity be given the people to rally
around a banner that means something be
sides an appetite for public graft.
It is entirely proper that there should be
two parties, but not in the sense of the lion
and the lamb after the lamb is on the inside
of the lion. When this condition exists it is •
time that another party should come on to
the scene.
The two following letters were received too
late for last issue. Are now belated, but we
print them in justice to the writers.
JEFFERSONIAN.
SPEER TO THE STATE TREASURER.
Columbus, Ga., May 25, 1908.
Mr. R. E. Park, State Treasurer,
Atlanta, Ga.
Dear Sir: I see you are very much
exercised by my statement to the people of
Georgia in which you say I have made false
statements, and reflected on you personally.
I respectfully submit that there is nothing
false in my statement and absolutely nothing
personal. If I have anything of a personal
nature to say about you, I will say it so your
face. I am dealing with your official acts
as State Treasurer. Those acts are public
property, and will be criticized when they
deserve to be whether you like it or not.
I said in my statement that you had violated
the Act of 1893 in depositing $85,000 of the
State’s money in a broken bank the day be
fore it closed its doors when it already had
at that time the limit of SIOO,OOO fixed by the
said Act of 1893. which is a wise law and
which has never been repealed. You openly
admit ther truth of this charge; not only as
to the Neal Bank, but also as to the Fourth
National Bank-; so you are more lawless and
careless with the State’s money than I have
charged you with being.
You raise the point that you had ten days
in which to get this money out. Now, let me
ask you this question in that connection: Did
you not know at the time that you made this
wrongful deposit of the State’s mort’ey that
the Neal bank was in a dying condition and
could not possibly live more than twenty-four
hours, and that you would never have the
opportunity of getting it out under the ten
days’ limit?
V
I said thgt you had ample authority under
the Act of 1907 to ergploy all the help neces-