PAGE FOURTEEN
MEXICO.
(Continued from Page Three.)
and the Mexican boards himself. As
the demand for labor increases wages
will advance. Our people say the
Mexicans are a good and trusty peo
ple. There are no negroes here, hence
no crimes against women. No one will
sell land to negroes. Neither Mexicans
nor American want him, and when
one comes there he is made to feel
his unwelcome and leaves.
What fools these mortals be, or
rather, Americans. We trot the globe
sight-seeing, when here .at our very
doors are grander views, older /uins,
than can be found anywhere in the
Old World. Take - the ruins of
Mixtla, with its 218 stones, each 8
feet wide, four and one-half feet thick
and eighteen feet long, covered with
heii’oglyphics, forming the coping of
the great temple, only one being dis
placed. A Mr. Cunningham has a
jade jewel dug up at this place. It
is small, has the face of a man, and
perfectly polished. The nose fur
nishes its cutting part. It was a
powerful nation that erected such a
monument as this, a nation that had
disappeared from the earth perhaps
before Abraham left the land of Ur.
The land of Mexico is Tull of ruins
reared by a mighty prehistoric nation.
The Great Pryamid of Cholula, the
wonders of Palangae and hundreds of
others all over the land proclaim an
ancient civilization equal to any on
earth.
Three-fourths or more of Mexico *s
population and pure Indians, and they
are proud of it, and there is always
hope for a proud race. Some are
afraid of their powerful neighbor,
but this is not general. As a rule
they look to us for help and believe
we have no designs on them. They
know that it was the determination
of the United States not to tolerate
a foreign government in Mexico that
enabled them to defeat Maximilian.
The Mexican government is stable,
I believe, as much as our own. It is
far more of a government “for the
people” than ours, and several Mexi
cans pointed with evident pride to
the fact that in Mexico the railroads
had to obey the laws and will of the
nation, while in the United States
they defied the people.
In Mexico first-class passenger
rate is 3 cents Mexican per kilometer,
a kilometer is practically five-eighths
of a mile —100 kilometers is sixty-two
and one-half miles. United States
roads charge 3 cents or $1.89 for
sixty-two and one-half miles. Mexico,
$3 Mexican or $1.50 gold for the same
distance, a difference in gold of 39
cents in sixty-two and one-half miles,
hence first-class in Mexico is a little
less than two and one-half cents per
mile, gold.
A large majority of Mexicans travel
second-class, which is half of the
first-class rate, or less than one and
one-fourth cents per mile, so the
Mexican roads do not get two cents
per mile for passengers, and there is
not half the passenger traffic there is
in the United States. Yet there is no
complaint about the roads not making
money. The fact is, that President
Diaz and his government saw that
the roads intended to do in Mexico
just as they were doing in the United
States, so they required all the now
state-owned roads to sell to the gov-
ernment fifty-one per cent of their
stock and to merge into one manage
ment, hence tall the railroads in Mexi
co not owned by the government are
under the control of President E. N.
Brown, and a board of directors
agreed upon by the government and
the minority stockholders, under
strict government regulation. The
telegraphs are all owned by the gov
ernment and a flat rate of 25 cents
gold for 25 words to any part of
Mexico or Central America is charged.
While at Brownsville, Texas, I sent
several messages home, and in Mexico
I bad occasion to send several to
different portions of Mexico. The
difference was astonishing. Barnum
said, “The American people love to
be humbugged. ” As all power here
is with the people, Ave must surely
love to be robbed, else we, the people,
would stop it. Some day we will stop
it. A panic is sure to come —banks
will suspend and break, tramps will
cover the land, we will have riots and
soup houses, people will break party
ranks. They will turn the rascals or
know-nothings out, take the railroads,
telegraphs, express companies and say
to them, “We will settle with you
some time in the future,” land they
will pay for them their physical value
and no more. That will be nearly
twice the cost. Mexico relies on the
United States to protect heir- —our!
navy they consider as theirs. Secure
from foreign aggression, they are
turning all their energies towards de
veloping their country. Not long ago
they borrowed in the United States
$25,000,000. This they loaned to
farmers to build irrigating canals
with and to develop their farms. But
as yet none has been awarded to the
Rio Grande States. Is not the govern
ment irrigating canals in our country
an indirect way of loaning money to
farmers to irrigate with?
Life and property through all the
Mexico I was in, is more secure than
in the United States. That speaks
well for them.
The national law now is that after
a child has passed the primary class
it must learn English, hence they will
soon be able to cuss in two languages,
which a few of our people would
occasionally like to do. There are a
lot of Chinese in the Mexican cities.
Nearly all the restaurants are run by
them. Every mother’s son of them
wants to get into the United States.
They are as polite as Jews and feed
well and cheap.
There are annoyances. At nearly
all the cities a crowd wants to take
your grips. You select your hotel and
surrender your grips, as you think, to
a porter. Never were you more mis
taken. He deposits your grips in the
hotel office and asks you for a quarter
apiece. You kick, and are informed
he is a “cargador” and you have to
“cough up.”
We leave Tampico on return at 7
A. M. At Gonzales we enter the
irrigated country. The country up to
that point having sufficient rain. It
is really a vast wilderness, broken
only by an occasional American set
tlement, with Mexican laborers.
Both sides of the road are very
rich, usually a black loam. The tim
ber is ebony, some mosquite, mahoga
ny, logwood, mangoes, chicol and bar
rata. The land sells from $lO to $25
per acre in small tracts, terms.
The country south of the Panuco
Jeffersonian
Locust Grove Institute
SUMMER SESSION begins June 15, and continues eight weeks. Instruction of
fered in Literary, Music, Expression, and Business Departments. Courses to meet
the special needs of pupils with deficiencie Splendid advantages for those desir
ing to “make up” work in high school grades and for those needing special coaching
•lud preparation for College entrance.
Teachers are from our regular Faculty and from Faculties of leading South
ern Colleges. Dormitories open for accommodation of both boys and girls. Board $8
to $12.50 per Mo. For catalog and full information address Claude Gray, President,
Locust Grove, Ga.
One Hundred Dollars
TO the man, woman or child who sends us the
largest number of subscriptions to Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine between now and January 1,
1910, we will award prizes as follows:
First Prize - - - Fifty Dollars
Second Prize - Twenty-Five Dollars
Third Prize - - - Ten Dollars
Fourth Prize - • Five Dollars
Fifth Prize - - - Five Dollars
Sixth Prize - - - Five Dollars
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on
all subscriptions sent in for this prize competition.
For blanks, samples, etc., apply to
Wafson Jeffersonian Magazine GEORGIA I
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the South .. .. Price 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs
Sketches from Roman History .. .. Price .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo, just published Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
Send in your orders at once for the June
number of IVafson’s Jeffersonian Magazine.
Ten cents a copy, one dollar a year.
Tom Watson on Foreign Missions
Daniel Sully on Marketing Cotton
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help dis
pose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man ? We
watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and yon
der is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting with leisure
ly elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send courier
after courier, message after message. We w.atch the face of The Man. The
afternoon shadows are lengthening . ... O God! where is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth-bound. Price $1.50; postage 15c.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, :: Thomson, Ga.