“The VICTOR” DR. WOOLLEY’S
A..., A sanitarium
For treatment of Nervous
F ct' Diseases, Opium, Alcoholic
ssgfeg* 'mlmSm and otber dru g addlctions *
For particulars, address
Dr. B. M. Woolley Co.
'•• •“ ' USI ATLANTA. GA.
The Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson
contains a biographical sketch written by him
self, and a careful selection of addresses made
by him during the last thirty years.
These speeches cover a great variety of
subjects. They begin with a eulogy which Mr.
Watson delivered in the Georgia Legislature
on Alex H. Stephens. They contain some of
his Commencement speeches. They also con
tain his Labor Day speech, and many of his
political and economic addresses, the result of
years of the closest research and study. These
speeches cover the Child Labor question, Na
tional Finance, discussion of the Tariff Sys
tem, of the National Banking System, the
Government Ownership of Railroads, the cor
rupt legislation put upon the country by the
two old parties, a thorough exposition of the
principles of Jeffersonian Democracy and a
thorough treatment of the evils of class legis
lation which now oppress the people.
This book is illustrated, is printed in good
type, and is bound in cloth. Price, prepaid,
$1.50.
We will send this book free of charge to
any one who subscribes to the Jeffersonian
Magazine for five years at $5.00. The book
will also be sent as a premium to any one
who will raise a club of five subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each. It will be mailed as a premium
to any one who sends us six subscribers to
the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,.
Thomson, Ga.
Hand Book of Politics and Economics
In this large volume Mr. Watson gives a
mass of the most valuable statistical informa
tion bearing on every great subject, politi
cal and economic. He also gives the history
of political parties and a summary of all
political platforms.
He also gives a history of national legisla
tion, especially of that class of legislation
which now oppresses the common people.
The National Banking System is fully ex
plained, and its evils demonstrated. The black
chapter of financial legislation which began
with the Civil War and which had its cul
mination in the panic of 1907, is given in full.
In this book you will learn all about our
system of Tariff taxation. You will find in it
the strongest arguments in favor of the gov
ernment ownership of railroads and other pub
lic utilities. You will find in it a discussion
of Socialism; the encroachments of the Fed
eral Judiciary; .he peculiar Injustice of the
national govern i lent to the farming class; the
dangerous ens • oachments of the Catholic
clergy, and f clear statement of those reme
dies which snould be applied in order that
the political body should be made whole.
Price, delivered, SI.OO.
We will mall this book free of charge to
any one who sends us four subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each, or who sends us five subscribers
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomewi, Ctau
Hr*
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
I Sale o's Jeffersonian Bonds 1
fl I . *-■ I > —fl
The two Jeffersonians will be conveyed to one of
H the strongest state banks in Georgia IN TRUST for
►♦♦♦< the holders of the bonds which we offer for sale. $$
These are ten year, seven per cent bonds, principal
and interest guaranteed in writing by me. Each bond is
for ten dollars. Interest at 7 per cent, payable
►♦♦♦< annually. They are sold to raise capital for a
publishing plant.
■ = ADDRESS / :■ , ~ --y— —. Mg
| THOS. E. WATSON, Thomson, Ga. ft
tialOKS - - WMV
jgffig Eh You can have ah the books you Sf&sl
wmlzHV need by our plan. Write for that
TsSagSF beautifully illustrated and descriptive book. Bgaggy' &SH
“A Book Store in your home.” It is
8B&g jagggj free. Write today. We auarantee quality and value.
F- Our prices the lowest. Write for catalog. It is free. ESI
The largest mail order Book house in the world. 48 year* in business.
—— Dept J.W. 108 T HE FRANKLIN-TURNER CO., 65-71 Ivy St, Atlanta, Ga.
CT D EF ET To ouR
B SUBSCRIBERS
For a limited time we will give absolutely free of charge to each
rJT new renew i n g subscriber a year’s subscription to the
INDUSTRIOUS HEN
KNOXVILLE, TENNESSEE
THE LEADING FARM AND POULTRY JOURNAL OF THE SOUTH.
If you are not a subscriber to our paper or your subscription has expired, order
bTOW and get this valuable poultry journal free. We reserve the right to with
fcaw this offer at any time. Send orders to
THE JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
v. —--SUBSCRIBE TO
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
Price $1.50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Offer
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN