IRRESISTIBLE FORCES.
Hold a dipper of water several feet
above a bucket of ditto.; let a small
stream fall from the dipper into the
bucket, and see what happens. Count
less bubbles of air are caught and car
ried down into the water, and the vol
ume of air may be many times as
great as the volume of water, so that
the whole body is beaten into foam.
That is the principle of induction.
I have seen that principle illustrated
many times, but the above is the sim
plest and most practical I have ever
seen. I believe it is original with me,
and lam rather proud of it. The idea
is, that any of the forces of nature,
when provided with a suitable channel,
will not only force away for itself,
but will carry all before it; carry
with it what is on all sides, and drag
along a great part of what lags be
hind.
Induction of electric currents, al
though a. most complex and difficult
subject to understand, is substantially
the same principle as that just ex
plained, and, though noiseless and in
visible, it is powerful enough to run
thousands of street cars, printing
presses and factory wheels; for, let us
state, it is that very same principle
that underlies both dynamo and elec
tric motor.
There is another mighty force of
nature that is noiseless and invisible,
but, when once it finds a proper chan
nel, carries all before it, carries with
it what is on all sides, and drags along
the laggards behind. That force is
TRUTH.
It is wonderful what ignorance,
prejudice and partisanism have done
and are doing to keep the
kings and grafters in power. We
might say that the grafters are in
front, prejudice and partisanism on
all sides, and ignorance, like the cow’s
tail, dragging along behind. But when
TRUTH once finds its proper channel,
the grafter will be torn away from
his octopus fastenings, prejudice and
partisanism will be carried along, and
even ignorance will have to run up
and catch on to the bandwagon. Hold
on! though. I wonder if my figures
are not getting a little mixed.
There is not much doubt that
TRUTH has found a channel. If Mr.
Watson can be spared to us twenty
years longer, and his teachings can
be broad-casted over the country,
there is little doubt that there will
come about, peacefully and bloodless
ly, as great an upheaval from the ex
isting order of things as the French
revolution.
There are thousands of men all
over the country who never could find
out the truth for themselves. But if
Mr. Watson will keep hammering
away, he will finally gather reinforce
ments that will make him resistless,
and my carefully worked out princi
ple will get in its work. There is no
doubt, from all observations, that the
truth is growing, and that one man,
who sees things clearly, is pointing
out the way that the whole nation will
soon follow. J. M. WEIR.
DRY FEED LOTS.
Muddy lots cost the live stock feed
er a large amount of money every
year in the waste of feed and the loss
of energy and thrift of animals which
are compelled to flounder around
through mud holes. The feed lot
should be selected on a well drained
piece of land, the hillside being pref
erable. Where this is impossible many
stockmen, who are constant feeders,
have resorted to the method of paving
the feed lots. They find that there is
more economy in having a dry place
for the stock. The Illinois experiment
station has investigated the matter of
paving feed lots to a considerable ex
tent, and Professor Mumford has in
vestigated the cost of paving and re
ports ar follows: The station has
found that it costs about 75 cents per
square yard to pave with brick, one
layer, in that section of the country.
With brick at $8 per 1,000 and* sand
$1 per cubic yard and no reckoning
of labor, one can pave the muddy feed
lot in this section of the country very
much cheaper than that quoted by the
Illinois station. But, happily, a large
portion of the southwestern country
possesses a soil so different from that
of Illinois that it is unnecessary to
pave the feed lots, though paving
might be practiced with considerable
economy in the eastern portion of
Kansas and Missouri, and on some
farms it has already been done.. —■
Farmers Advocate.
GOOD ROADS—MAKE A START.
The following news clipping ex
plains itself: “Augusta county or
dered the purchase of machinery and
other equipment for road building, in
cluding a thirty-horsepower engine.
It adopted a program of building ten
miles of macadam road a year, be
ing greatly pleased with the ten miles
already constructed.” The above
shows that a little improvement to
the roads of a permanent character
always begets more. The people of
Augusta are showing commendable
push in their work for better high
ways. May this spirit of progress
show itself among the people of our
adjacent counties during the coming
year is the devout wish of this news
paper, which has the interests of this
section of Virginia at heart. —Fred-
ericksburg Free Lance.
NURSERY TRANSIT PROBLEM.
The Boy—Boo-hoo! Bobbie’s
swallowed my little engine!
The Caller—Good gracious!. How
could that happen?
The Boy—We was on the floor
playing at trains, and he was the tun
nel.—Harper’s Weekly.
m 4 j Til; ii ii
1 i i .fflj 17r?l\ iM
I CaS"**X« ) these are the kind that made south
SiiaSffS: I ylel< ‘: , h“A?. ,ood ) CAROLINA famous for cabbage growing
They need no introduction. We guarantee FULL COUNT, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED. Send money with order,
. othetwise plants will be shipped C. O. D. and you will have to pay return charges on the money, thus adding to the cost of your plants. •
Prices F. o. B. Young’s Island: 500 for 11.00; 1,000 to 4,000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8,000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9,000 to 20,000 at SI.OO per 1,000. Special
prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries.
Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. “■ GIBSON, Box 33, Young S Island, S» C» J
3eff«rsonlait
American Cotton and Business University
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
COTTON: We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight in 30 days how
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
In any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap.
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education. Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies.
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING: Under three expert Telegraphers and
Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. Write for catalogue at once and state
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL,
Associate Presidents.
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes $3.50
Napoleon , 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South , 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics ... 1.00
Sketches from Roman History 50
Waterloo, just published 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
(Any of these books can be obtained as premiums for a certain number
of subscriptions. Particulars on application.)
Look What You Get for 25 Cents
For 25 cents we will send you A BEAUTIFUL ALBUM, entitled “VIEWS
FROM ALL COUNTRIES,” size 6xß inches, 64 pages, containing 75 views.
These views are nearly all reproductions from original photographs. They
have been selected for the especial purpose of producing a book of views from
ALL OVER THE WORLD that will please, entertain and instruct all who look
through its pages.
A SET OF 10 SONG POSTAL CARDS CONTAINING 10 POPULAR
SONGS
And your choice for one year of the three following papers:
Successful Farming, Des Moines, lowa, monthly 25 cents.
Woman’s World, Chicago, 111., monthly 25 cents.
Household Journal, Springfield, Ohio, monthly, 25 cents.
FOR 50 CENTS we will give you all three of the above papers, the ALBUM,
the set of 10 SONG POSTAL CARDS and a set of 12 BEAUTIFUL LAN
GUAGE OF FLOWERS postal cards.
These papers are among the best of their class. Send us your money
today, and the album and cards will go to you by return mail, and the papers
will follow as soon as your name can be sent to the publishers.
CENTRAL NEWS CO., 17 Keystone Building, Chattanooga, Tenn.
Mr. Watson's editorials are —
An Estimate of Abraham Lincoln.
lAIMIAFV Why Mr. Bryan Can Never Be President.
tfUllUUlj Foreign Missions.
Treasure Trove.
The Passing of Rollo and Lucy.
Mr. Watson writes a startling editorial—“ The Hearst Pa-
FCUriIUrV -pers, the Egyptian Sphinx and the Negro.”
* The question in it is— i ijiias
IS THE NEGRO THE EQUAL OF THE WHITE MAN?
WATSON'S JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE, 10 cents a copy, SI.OO a year
PAGE FIFTEEN