sickness, and, perhaps, death to many a little
girl, many a frail woman, and many a feeble
man.
Gentlemen of the Commission! The Jefferso
nian prays you, in the name of common hu
manity, to compel these railroad companies to
do something.
The men whose votes put the present ad
ministration in power live chiefly in rural com
munities. Their wives and their children are
suffering from your failure to take action.
These men went to the polls, enthusiastic
ally, last year because of certain promises that
had been made.
One of those promises was that the rail
roads should be compelled to recognize the
right of the passenger to decent accommo
dation while waiting to take the trains.
In a few months, those same men will be
going to the polls, again.
Every promise made them last year will be
kept fresh in their minds. By the record, you
will be judged. The Jeffersonian prays you,
earnestly, to keep faith. We want no more
than that, and that much we will continue to
ask for, no matter how much the editors of
the free-pass variety may have to say about
Mr. Watson’s being “a Kicker.”
P. S. When is the Commission going to give
us that list of names showing what editors,
politicians, etc., have been riding around on
free passes?
Give us the list, Guyt! We want to see who
those free-pass fellows arel
< *1 H
You will miss it if you don't read
Premium Offers, which appear on
another page.
z * * *
Congressman A. A. Wiley.
A man by the name of Hall is out after the
scalp of Congressman Wiley who, by his vote
in Congress, took the position that the Gov
ernment ought not to be allowed to control the
rates charged by the Pullman Palace Car Co.,
the Express Companies, the Telegraph and
Telephone Companies.
Wiley must be getting “skeered.” When a
politician begins to double on his track, he
generally does so for the same reason that
the chased fox does. He fears that he is going
to get caught and he doubles on his own tracks
in the hope of throwing the pack oft the scent.
Brother Wiley has recently published a card
in which he hugs the Farmers, and tells them
how utterly, bitterly, emphatically and aggres
sively he is against foreign immigration.
To give his views the greater publicity, he
addressed his communication to President
Seymour of the Alabama Cotton Association.
Yet this is the same Congressman Wiley
who, two years ago, went into ecstasies over
the action of China in boycotting us, because
we excluded Coolies.
At that time, Congressman Wiley was hear
tily in favor of foreign immigration—and had
no fears even of the cheapest Coolies that
China could send.
“With Coolie labor,” said Mr. Wiley, “we
can undersell the world.”
Speaking of what the South needed, Mr. Wi
ley said,
“We need cheap labor.”
Mr. Wiley was very clamorous on the sub
ject of so amending the Chinese Exclusion
Acts as to allow cheap labor from the Orient
to come into the United States, so that the
South might raise cheaper cotton, corn, vegeta
bles and fruits.
Now, however, he clamors against immigra
tion, against cheap cotton and against cheap
cotton seed.
Go it, Wiley!
You’ve doubled on your tracks, but you’ll
get caught, all the same I
WATSON’S WEEKLY JEFFERSONIAN.
Ober In Alabama.
A notorious Federal Judge, a man of the
name of Jones, undertakes to put the state of
Alabama out of business. With a spurt of the
pen, this man Jones has abolished the Govern
or, the Legislature, and the people of a great
state.
Yet we fancy that we live in a democratic
republic.
By the Eleventh Amendment to the Consti
tution, a private citizen is forbidden to bring
a state down to the level of a common litigant.
But to such a man as this Jones of Alabama,
the Constitution is nothing. He is so inebriated
with silly ideas of his own power and import
ance that he allows the insolent Milton Smith,
of the L. & N. Railroad, to drag the state of
Alabama into the courts, defying her laws,
and paralyzing her constituted authorities with
Injunctions!
What an insufferable situation!
Governor Comer cannot and will not back
down. He must enforce the law. His oath of
office binds him to do just that. His own
sense of right will nerve him to do it. If this
insolent Milton Smith and this usurping
Federal Judge makes it necessary for
you to do it, Governor, call out the military
of the state to enforce the laws of the state.
THEN the corporations will discover that
the man in the White House is another An
drew Jackson who will remember Old Hicko
ry’s grim remark,
“John Marshall has made his Decision; Now
let us see him enforce it.”
HOLD YOUR GROUND, GOVERNOR
COMER.
H M
Honor 'Roll.
P. S. Mcßae, Morven, Ga.
J. W. Rainwater, Alpharetta, Ga.
E. A. Stephens, Battlefield, Miss.
J. E. Rankin, Nettleton, Miss.
F. C. Self, Bullockville, Ga.
John T. Monfort, Cuthbert, Ga.
James A. Moore, Atoka, Tenn.
S. F. Memory, Blackshear, Ga.
R. S. Rutland, West Point, Ga.
(To be Continued.)
m n h
"Editorial Notes.
Sy J. D. Watson.
Former United States Senator Henry Gas
saway Davis, Judge Parker’s running mate in
1904, favors Judge Gray, of Delaware, for the
Democratic Presidential nomination in 1908.
“I have always thought Judge Gray, of Del
aware, would be an ideal candidate. He is a
conservative man of great experience and
ability, and, besides, has a strong following,”
said the late candidate for Vice President, after
holding a conference with Thomas F. Ryan.
The source from which this announcement
comes ought to be enough to nip in the bud
Judge Gray’s Presidential boom.
It speaks very poorly for the Democratic
party to have to hunt the country over to
find some Judge who is hardly known out of
his own bailiwick and run him for the highest
office within the gift of the people.
The experience of 1904, when the party came
near being annihilated, ought to be a lesson
to be remembered in 1908 by those who have
the welfare of party at heart.
If the Democrats let Ryan or Belmont force
the nomination of another Judge Parker in
1908, as Belmont did in 1904, the party is a
dead one.
*
Mr. Roosevelt still has the politicians guess
ing as to whether or not he will accept the
nomination for a third term.
We hear of a new boom almost every day
but nearly all of them seem to get choked on
a Fairbanks cherry before they are old enough
to travel alone.
In the meantime the President is sawing
wood and saying nothing.
The method of our present day high, finan
ciers is being shown in the trial of John R.
Walsh, former president of the Chicago Na
tional Bank.
Walsh bought a railroad for less than $200,-
000, issued bonds for more than $1,000,000,
borrowed the money from his own bank on the
watered stock and left the depositors in the
hole.
This is the whole story in a nutshell, and it
shows how our present day Captains of High
Finance play the game while they are stealing
the money of depositors and the people in
general.
Chicago bankers have notified the New York
bankers that they are ready to resume business
on a REAL money basis whenever New York
is ready.
This means that the Chicago banks are
ready to pay to their depositors the money
which actually belongs to the DEPOSITOR
instead of FORCING him to take clearing
house certificates.
How kind of the banker to give to the de
positor that which is LAWFULLY his!
Many of the newspapers are wasting a lot
of time and space in telling us how the issuing
of clearing house certificates helped relieve the
money situation, but you do not see so much
about what HARM they have done.
In the bigger cities where thousands of per
sons have to be paid their salaries weekly
in order to buy their weekly provisions MUCH
harm has been done.
In some instances the grocer refused them
outright and in others he accepted them at a
discount, thus leaving the laborer without
means to buy the actual necessaries of life, or
making him accept less for his labor than he
was entitled to.
In other instances swindlers have aroused
the suspicions of the poor and superstitious
and bought the certificates at a discount.
But the loudest wail is yet to come.
Wait until the day for redeeming these cer
tificates rolls around. If there are not thou
sands of them presented for redemption which
the different clearing house officers will pro
nounce counterfeit, it will be because the coun
terfeiter’s sympathy for the people has been
aroused to such an extent that he has sus
pended business for awhile.
Any good printer or engraver with the ordi
nary outfit could counterfeit most of them, but
some of them are so shabby looking that a
first class printer w r ould be ashamed to ac
knowledge doing the work.
The wrapper around a five cent cake of tur
pentine soap looks better than some of them
while imitation money or a premium coupon
from a package of Arbuckle’s coffee looks like
a work of art when put by the side of the
certificate.
In New York City the theatrical managers
have locked their imitation money, which they
use on the stage, in their safes because so
much of it was being stolen and passed off in
exchange for the clearing house certificates—
many people thinking it more like real money
than the cheap looking slips of paper issued
by the clearing houses.
It is up to the Georgia Railroad Commission
now to do something, or quit business under
that name.
The Commission issued an order to the Geor
gia Railroad a few days ago, and the Georgia
Railroad has told the Commission, flatly, that
they will not obey it.
In other words the Georgia Railroad has
said to the State Railroad Commission, “You
have ordered us to do a certain thing but we
do not intend to do it. NOW WHAT ARE
YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT IT?”
Speak up, Gentlemen of the Georgia Rail
road Commission, it is your move.
“WHAT ARE YOU' GOING TO DO
ABOUT IT?”
PAGE NINE