PAGE TWELVE
Liars
(Concluded from Page 9)
liar was under the painful necessity of taking
his medicine. Frowned upon and snubbed by
his colleagues, all of whom, doubtless, had
told lies themselves but had been lucky
enough to escape public exposure, the unhap
py culprit felt so lonesome and whipped that
he resigned and went home.
Things don’t happen that way any more.
For instance, there is Senator Aldrich, of
Rhode Island. Twice within the last few
weeks he has been publicly caught in two ar
rant lies, but he doesn’t seem to mind it. No
body quits speaking to him, v and nobody
frowns upon him.
In the first case, the exposure of Aldrich
was made by Bailey, of Texas. In the course
of a speech, Bailey declared that Aldrich had
referred to the income tax as a Populistic
measure, whose purpose was to distribute
wealth. Senator Aldrich at once denied, most
positively, that he had ever said anything of
the kind. Thereupon Senator Bailey sent for
a back number of the Congressional Record,
and read from it the exact words which Al
drich had denied using.
The exposure made no impression whatever
upon the detected liar, nor upon the other
Senators, so far as any one at a distance could
discover.
The other case was in connection with the
German report, sent to our Government in
compliance with the request of Senator Al
drich and his colleagues, made through offi
cial channels.
The Aldrich crowd hoped to prove that
German manufacturers pay smaller wages
than do our stand-pat capitalists. When the
German report reached Washington, it was
found to contain facts which the stand-pat
ters did not want to get abroad. Such facts
might materially jeopardize the grand scheme
of robbery contemplated in the Payne-Aldrich
bill.
Therefore, the German report was kept in
the dark. But the secret leaked out, and Till
man and others demanded information as to
the contents of the German document.
Aldrich was greatly annoyed, and in cov
ering his confusion as well as he could, he
blurted out an ill-natured reference to the
“impertinence” of the German government in
trying to influence tariff legislation in this
country.
This false and surly charge created great
indignation in Germany and among the Ger
mans in the United States. Senator Stone, of
Missouri (Gum-shoe Bill), is as shrewd as
they make ’em, and he saw his chance to in
crease his credit with the German element of
St. Louis and Kansas City: so he pitched into
Aldrich a few day.s after Aldrich had made
his break.
But the Rhode Island liar was equal to the
occasion. He denied having used the offensive
words. Then Stone produced the official Rec
ord, just as Bailey had done. It proved just
what Stone alleged, but that didn’t worry Al
drich. lie simply heaped another lie on the
pile, by repeating his denial.
There used to be a classification of chronic
prevaricators which ranged them in the fol
lowing order of bad, worse, worst:
First, common liars;
Second, d—d liars;
Third, experts.
Hereafter the catalogue should be arranged
thus:
First, common liars;
Second, d —d liars;
Third, stand-pat Senators.
El Bl El
Hard to Believe
On the pension rolls of the Federal Govern
ment are the names of some ex-soldiers who
swore that they enlisted in the Union army at
the age of ten years. There are others who
claim that they served when they were more
than ten but not exceeding twelve years of
age. We find 1532 pensioners who must have
proved that they joined the Unioirarmy when
they were boys of 14 years or less. There are
844,801 names on the official rolls of soldiers
that enlisted at 16 years of age and under.
We would really like to know where and
how those boys, ten years old and under,
served during the Civil War. Such soldiers
remind one of the old “breast-works” joke.
El El E)
Editorial Notes
By J. D. Watson
The session of the Georgia Bar Association
sprung a sensation Thursday in the shape of a
resolution introduced by T. H. Hammond,
providing that if the judges of the higher
court of this State should deem it proper to
conform to the judicial custom of wearing
robes as insignia of office while presiding, as
observed in the Supreme and other courts of
the United States, their adoption of the cus
tom would be favorably regarded by their as
sociation. After a lively, though dignified,
discussion, participated in by Z. D. Harrison
and Alex W. Smith, of Atlanta, and H. C.
Cunningham, of Savannah, the resolution was
carried by a good majority, and we may soon
see our State Supreme Court presenting the
same dignified appearance as does the Su
preme Court of the United States.—Augusta
Herald.
The Georgia Bar Association should have
gone one step further, and asked the judges
to wear wigs, to add to their “dignified ap
pearance.”
If it takes a gown to add to the dignity of
the appearance of a judge, why doesn’t it take
a wig, too?
Suppose the judge happens to be bald
headed—the top of his cranium slick enough
to reflect the light of the sun like a bright
piece of metal, —isn’t he entitled to his wig?
El El E
Perhaps the most complete exposure of the
wool trust’s methods of robbing the common
people was shown by Senator Dolliver.
Since 1876, and as proposed by the Al
drich bill, the duty on imported woolen cloths
is assessed against the entire weight of the
cloth, and not against the per cent, of wool in
the cloth. '
1 his means that a piece of cloth weighing
ten pounds, being half wool and half cotton,
is taxed the same amount, as when it comes
into this country as a piece of cloth, all wool,
is taxed.
In other words, the suit of clothes that you
buy, or the dress that you buy, which is
about two-thirds cotton and one-third wool, is
taxed just as much as that which is all wool.
The European manufacturer, to make his
cloth of part cotton and part wool, must come
to the United States to buy his cotton.
He must pay a buyer to buy it for him.
He must pay the freight on the cotton
from where it is bought to the nearest sea
port town.
From the seaport town in the United States
the European manufacturer must again pay
freight on the cotton to Europe.
So the European manufacturer gets his
cotton after paying his buyer; after pay
ing freight to the nearest port, and after pay
ing freight from the port on this side to the
port on the other side of the ocean, he pays
freight on it again when it is hauled from
the port on the other side to his factory.
On a bale of cloth all of this freight and
handling amounts to something.
The European manufacturer takes his cot
ton after it reaches his mill, —weaves it with
wool, and manufactures what is called
“mixed” goods.
His “mixed” goods he ships back to the
United States, —pays freight on his “mixed”
goods from his factory to the seaport town,drich gang.
*C>be Jeffersonian
from the on that side to the port on this side,
from the port on that side to the port on this
side, and he makes a profit.
Remember what it has cost the European
manufacturer to get his cotton for his “mix
ed” goods.
Then is it any wonder that the Wool Trust’s
representatives in Washington want a duty
on foreign manufactured goods?
The Wool Trust manufacturers of this
country make the same kind of “mixed”
goods as do'the manufacturers of England.
They buy their cotton for mixed goods here
at home, and have to pay about one-half as
much for freight and handling as does the
European manufacturer.
They do not have to pay any Tariff on their
manufactured article, as does the European
manufacturer.
But do they sell their goods any cheaper?
No.
They rob the consumer of the difference in
the amount of freight with the tariff duty
piled on top.
And the man who pays the cost is the poor
man who is compelled to wear the cheap
suit of clothes.
El El E)
With all of the protection given the Wool
Trust it seems that the wool growers of the
country would be rich, and that the sheep
raising industry would have increased enor
mously within the past few years.
But the value of the wool crop of the
United States has decreased while the popu
lation and demand has increased.
The demand for woolen goods is greater,
but the supply in this country is less.
And it is all due to the Wool Trust and
the Tariff.
The tariff, which our Congressmen tell us
protects home industries, doesn’t seem to pro
tect the wool grower, the grain grower, or the
cotton grower.
It simply robs the producer of the raw ma
terial and the consumer of the finished pro
duct.
The trust sells its goods to the consumer at
the same price as does the European manu
facturer who has to pay a prohibitive tariff. -
But the Trust only pays the producer of the
raw material the price that the foreign manu
facturer could pay after paying the high
tariff rate.
El E] El
Now let’s go to the cotton grower .
He is the man who bears most of the bur
den of the present tariff on “wool.”
He raises cotton which he has to sell in
Georgia cheap enough for it to be shipped to
Europe, mixed with a little wool, and put on
the market as “mixed” goods.
The foreign manufacturer then ships his
goods back to this country, pays the high
tariff rate, and offers his goods to the Georgia
farmer at a fair profit.
In other words, the cotton farmer has to
pay the cost of shipping his own cotton from
his home market to the port, he has to pay
the manufacturer his price for making the
cotton into “woolen” cloth; he has to pay the
manufacturer what it cost to ship it back
here with the tariff duty added on. And
the same thing is true of cotton goods.
In the meantime the Trusts are buying at
home, manufacturing at home, and robbing
the people.
And what are our Democratic Senators do
ing while this debate between the Trust Re
publicans and the Independent Republicans is
going on?
To read the newspaper accounts of the fight
on the tariff bill, you would think that the
Republicans had gagged every Democratic
member until voting time, when they let them
use their tongue enough to vote with the Al-