What It Costs to 'Raise Cotton
In Governor Smith’s letter to Hon.
Charles <S. Barrett in regard to his
inability to attend the New Orleans
Farmers’ Union and Business Men’s
Convention, occurs this statement:
“It is conceded that the mills of
the world require at present not less
than 12,500,000 bales of cotton from
the Southern ’States.
“If we should estimate the selling
price of lint cotton at only ten cents a
pound, a crop of 12,500,000 would sell
at $660,000,000. A change of one cent
a pound would, therefore, mean a gain
or loss of $66,000,000 to the cotton
raising States.
“If we estimate the cost of produc
tion at eight cents per pound, a drop
of one cent from ten cents would be
one-half the profit of the entire crop.
An increase of two cents would dou
ble the net profit. Carrying these fig
ures a little further we have less than
$66,000,000 net profit at the present
selling price of cotton, and $244,000,-
000 net profit if cotton .had sold at
twelve cents.
12 Cents a Fair Price.
“It is unnecessary to present argu
ment to sustain the claim that, com
pared to the price of other commodi
ties, cotton would be only fairly mar
keted if it brought twelve cents a
pound.
“Can any man in a cotton growing
State think of these facts without be
ing willing and anxious to contribute
all in his power to save his section
from so great ! a loss?”
Suppose we figure a little on what
the real cost of cotton is. Our best
Government experts, counting a man’s
wages at one dollar per day, culti
vating twenty acres in cotton, and
multiplying the product of that twenty
acres by the average product of the
United States, give the cost of cotton
as 16 2-3 cents per pound.
Mr. D. A. Tompkins at the great
Paris Congress of Spinners said:
“And in order that it may yield a
decent living to the farmer, compar
able with the living of manufacturing
people in the same States, the price
of cotton should be about fifteen
cents. ’ ’
It is a man to rent a
piece of land and charge against that
land only the rent, work, fertilizers,
expense of gathering, etc., and raise
cotton for about eight cents per pound,
but the cotton of the Southern States
is not raised in this way. For under
the proposition as above stated there
are no family or expenses of like na
ture charged against producing this
particular cotton.
The Census Office reports show that
taking into consideration all the cot
ton farmers of the cotton belt, large
and small, the production is only nine
bales per farmer.
The average one-horse farmer upon
a liberal allowance makes, say, six
bales of cotton. If he raises supplies
enough at home to run his farm we
say, and rightly so, that he is a good
farmer. Counting these supplies as
the board of himself, wife and chil
dren he has only the six bales of cot
ton to sliow for their wages for that
year. At the present price of cotton
(9 cents), this would amount to
$270.
Now let us see what this cotton real
ly cost him. The man is surely worth
one dollar per day, or a total of
$365. His wife, to put her on the
same basis as a negro cook, is worth
$3 per week, or $156 per annum, mak
ing a total of $421 for the wages of
the man and wife, or over fourteen
cents per pound for the cotton.
A one-horse farmer of this class
usually has about one child large
enough to help about the house and
some in the field, probably several
small ones not large enough to work.
In this calculation the labor of the
children is thrown in for good meas
ure; also the capital invested in live
stock, tools, lands, wear and tear, etc.
In the light of all these facts, and
they can be readily proven, it natural
ly makes a cotton farmer tired to
hear anybody state that the cost of
cotton is eight cents per pound, be he
Governor or peasant.
Whenever a Southern farmer sells
cotton for less than fifteen cents per
pound he is stinting the table around
which he gathers morning, noon and
night, and the clothes which his wife
and children should wear, and he is
stunting the brain of the generations
who come after him.
It is indeed unfortunate that a man
of Governor Smith’s intelligence, edu
cation and wealth, should purposely,
or maybe unwittingly, strike such a
blow at his own Southern fellow coun
trymen.
The best estimates-of the financial
experts of New York show that since
the Presidential election the price of
stocks on the exchange, during busi
ness hours, have gone up one million
dollars per minute. During the same
time the price of cotton has fluctuated
up and down some ten to twenty-five
points.
John I. Fullwood.
“REFORM PARTIES SHOULD
CONSOLIDATE.”
Isaiah Noble, Galveston, Ind., R.
R. 14: Please find enclosed post-office
order for one dollar for which send
the Jeffersonian Magazine to me for
one year. I appreciate your ability
as a writer, and your pluck as a fight
er against trusts and wrongdoers.
Why can’t the several reform fac
tions get together on some broad and
sensible principles so that the people
will be benefited?
FREE TRIP AROUND THE
WORLD.
Send us a dollar for renewal or new
subscription to the Weekly Jefferson
ian, and you will get FREE fifty post
cards known as a Trip Around the
World, also a farm paper that will
teach you how to market your crops
profitably.
rg'SSEt. lath's” ?:s„ oKf/t | THESE ARE THE KIND THAT MADE SOUTH
SSSffS:: 80011 > CAROLINA FAMOUS FOR CABBAGE GROWING
They need no introduction. We guarantee FULL COUNT, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED. Send money with order,
othetwise plants will be shipped C. o. D. and you will have to pay return charges on the money, thus adding to the cost of y.our plants*
Prices F. o. B. Young’s Island: 500 for $1.00; 1,000 to 4,000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8.000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9,000 to 20,000 at SI.OO per 1,000. Special
prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries. • ■ ■ .
Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. BOX 33» Young S Island y S ■ ®
£>!)« Jeffersonian
Fr# afn Vnn Mu Victor EREE To YOU and Ever ? Sisler
11IV tv IvU HI J ulolCl Suffering From Woman’s Ailments
I am B woman .
1 know woman’s sufferings.
I have found the cure.
J will mail, free of any charge, my home treat-
Want with full instructions to any sufferer from
woman’s ailments. I want to tell all women about
X J 3 cure —you. my reader, for yourself, your
\ daughter, your mother, or your sister. 1 want to
1 tell you how to cure yourselves at home with
ft 1 out the help of a doctor. Men cannot understand
| women’s sufferings. What we women know from
1 Mperionce, we know better than any doctor. 1
®~l know that my home treatment is safe and sure
’ J curo for Leucorrhoea or Whitish discharges, Ulceration, Dit-
WOwW.' J placement or Falling of the Womb, Profuse, Scanty or Painful
W x y * «sE, J Periods. Uterine or Ovarian Tumors, or Growths; also pains in
f head, back and bowels, bearing down feelings, nervousness,
crsaping feeling up the spine, melancholy, desire to cry, hot
\. * flashes, weariness, kidney, and bladder troubles where caused
'■ aB. x Jf by weaknesses peculiar to our sex.
.i ” I want to send you a complete ton day’s treatment
entirely free to prove to you that you can cure
yourself at home, easily, quickly and
y- x ■■■ •. ■ surely. Remember, that, it‘will cost you nothing to
.... .. ~ x . give the treatment a complete trial: and if you
wi“ cost you only about 12 cents a week or less than two cents a day. It
wlllnot interfere with your work or occupation. Just send me your name and address, tell me how you
suffer it you wish, and I will send you the treatment for your case, entirely free,in plain wrap
m?il« 1 Wl v sls ,° Ben< * you free of cost, my book—“WOMAN’S OWN MEDICAL ADVISER’’ with
explanatory illustrations showing why women suffer, and how they can easily cure themselves
at home. Every woman should have it, and learn to think for herself. Then when the doctor says—
mS" 1 . i .I? an operation,” you can decide for yourself. Thousands of women have cured
cur es a" old or young, To Mothers of Daughters, I will explain a
gmple home treatment which speedily and effectually cures Leucorrhoea, Green Sickness and
rainful or Irregular Menstruation in young Ladies, Plumpness and health always results from
t»ll C u n r ® fer y°Y to ladies of your own locality who know and will gladly
tell any sufferer that this Home Treatment really cures all women’s diseases, and makes women well.
a r ”USt. Just send Mt your address, and the free ten day’s treatment is yours, also
the book. Write to-day, as you may not see this otter again. Address
MRS. M. SUMMERS, Box 432 - - South Bend, Ind., U. S.A.
How to Increase the Yield of Fruit
Increased fruit crops are more often the result of good manage
ment than of good luck. Fruit trees and fruit plants need a liberal
supply of
Virginia-Carolina
Fertilizers
The trees absorb plant foods —that is, nitrogen, phosphoric acid
and potash—from the soil just the same as any other crop. Experi
ence has shown this over and over again This truth has become so
well recognized that “ return to the land what the tree removes if you
would expect the best results ” has become an axiom with the best
growers.
Apple, pear, peach, orange and other fruit trees soon respond to
careful fertilization. But be sure to use the best fertilizers.
/ “ I made a test with other companies’ fertilizers,” says Mr. H. O.
Lowry, of Manatee County, Fla., “ and yours proved to'be the best"
The yield where I used Virginia-Carolina Fertilizer, was just twice as
much as where the other two companies’ fertilizer was used.”
Hundreds of users say Virginia-Carolina Fertilizers are cheapest
because of their good qualities—give better satisfaction and quicker
results.
Many facts of great interest and value to fruit growers are pub
lished in the new 1909 Farmers’Year Book, a copy of which will be
sent free on application to any of our sales offices.
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co.
Sales Offices
Richmond, Va. Sales Offices
Norfolk, Va. Ferfifizcrsy|gfW4 Durham, N. C.
Columbia, S. C. kTtl HTj 11 i A-C A I*lo Ihl Ria Charleston, S. C.
Atlanta. Ga. Batimore,Md.
e . z-. ■BBB. Chemical Columbus, Ga.
Savannah, Ga. |g|fe. CoMontgomery, Ala.
Memplus, Tenn. —Bhl iNWi 3E&SS Shreveport, La.
AT
12 Grand Easter Souvenir Post Cards—FßEE.
The most beautiful Easter Cards ever produced—4 Angels, 4 Easter Flowers, 4
Crosses and Flowers; heavy embossed, colors and gold. Most tasty and appro
priate Easter Cards in the world. Nothing else equal to them. Send 4 cents for
postage and packing and we will send these 12 grand Easter cards free. Also
our plan whereby you can get fifty other magnificent post cards free. Address
THE SIMMONS PUBLISHING CO., 249 Washington St., Springlield, Ohio.
PAGE FIFTEEN