PAGE FOURTEEN
KIT CARSON, THE PATHFINDER.
(Continued from Page Three.)
of the West. Fremont contented himself by
climbing up the peak which bears his name
today, but many others had seen it long be
fore, and had only refrained from climbing it
for the very simple reason that the buffalo,
beaver and other fur-bearing animals did not
dwell upon the mountain tops. Yet the re
port of Fremont’s expedition caused consid
erable excitement at the time.
After this first expedition Kit Carson re
turned to Bert’s Fort, where he remained until
May 29, 1843, when Fremont again sent for
him to act as guide for his second expedition.
This time it was Fremont’s purpose to con
nect his last year’s work with the Pacific
coast surveys which had been begun by
Wilkes. The first stages of the journey to
Salt Lake, and from thence to Fort Hall and
the Columbia River, were well known to the
fur trade for years. From the latter point
on to Klamath Lake, Oregon, and to Califor
nia was new even to Carson. He tried to do
his best, but he was in the hands of a leader
who undertook to cross the Sierras with a
pack train where there was six feet of snow,
and with a party only two of whom had ever
before worn snow shoes. Never was there
poorer mountaineering or worse leadership;
but it was not Carson’s fault, he was only
a guide. It was Carson, however, who saved
the party; he pushed on ahead of the others
and finally from a peak of the Sierras caught
a glimpse of two little mountains of the Coast
Range, which he had once seen seventeen years
before. The trapper’s sense of location iden
tified these little peaks, and it was this bit
of Kit Carson’s mountaineering that saved
Fremont and his party. The men by this time
were eating their saddle leathers; the mules
were eating each other’s tails. They reached
Sutter’s Fort, in the Sacramento Valley, on
March 6, 1844, some of the men physically
ruined and mentally deranged from their suf
ferings. So much for military leadership
which should have been mountaineering.
(To Be Continued.)
We wish to call attention to the ad, in this
issue concerning Thos. E. Watson’s publica
tions. Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine is one
of the brightest, sharpest and ably edited po
litical magazines published anywhere. Those
who have never read a copy should by all
means send for one. As a writer on histori
cal and economic questions Thos. E. Watson
stands strictly at the head of the class. No
man who cares to keep in touch with the dis
cussion by the best brains of the land of cur
rent events, in politics and out, can afford not
to read what Mr. Watson writes. —Kingsbury
Recorder (Cal.).
Not a few graze their pastures too close in
the fall. Almost all grasses need to go into
winter quarters with a good coat to protect
them from freezing, which kills the young
grass and forces the roots out of the ground.
A false profession will w 7 ear no better than
a wise look on a fool.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
THIS SPECIAL OFFER IS GOOD UNTIL
MARCH Ist ONLY
DONAHOE’S MAGAZINE
AND THE LIFE, POEMS AND “1 n . c
nun . Donahoe’s Magazine co.
SPEECHES OF OU K E 18 Boylston Street, Boston.
OOfCF a, Enclosed please find $2 for which you
TflMlxT RilvT r-4 w O’Reilly free and Donahoe’s Magazine for
J vni N JL) Vz X •Jf one year. Send 25 cents extra for express-
OtD T7TT T \7 V § aKe and packinßr ’
I Regular ~
Price. $5 g
Phinizy & Co.
COTTON FACTORS
Augusta, Georgia
EARLY JERSEY WAKEFIELD.. CHARLESTON LARGE TYPE. SUCCESSION." AUGUSTA TRUCKER. SHORTSTEMMED ’• II
Th»B*riiert WAKEFIELD, The Earliest A little later FLAT DUTCH. //
\ Cabbage Grown. 2d Earliest. Flat Head Variety. than Succession. Largest and Latest Cabbage. / I
~ TRAPS MARK COPYRIGHTED ~
|A A A Forty years Experience and Reputation. Fifteen Thousand Satisfied Customers. IQ AG |
IVW Our stock guaranteed to prove satisfactory or purchase price paid for same re- IvUv i
funded. Thirty Thousand dollars Paid In Capital and our Reputation behind guarantee. I
Ask yous Banker about us. Why purchase plants from unknown or inexperienced growers,/ I -
Myour crop? when you can buy from the .Original Cabbage
roduce satisfactory results. /2rx\ I
) at $1.50 per thousand, 5 to 9,000 at $1.25 per thousand, 10,000 | r A M
f. o. b. Young’s Island, S. C. Our special Express Rate on W
age Plants are Frost Proof. To produce the best results I
h Atlantic and Gulf States in December and January.
>ring as land thaws sufficiently to get the plant root in the soil. / AY/
it contains valuable information about fruit and vegetable i
ilizers,etc. We grow a full line of Strawberry plants, Fruit /
ial terms to persons who make up club orders.
i season six thousand pounds of cabbage seed. I
lyCo. R?.x 26 Young’s Island, S. /
J&L WE WANT
fiF W Your name and address for our BIG APRIL issue,
wfar so Publishers, Manufacturers, Dealers, etc., can send you
/A Samples, Bargains, Magazines, etc., FREE. We have
nearly 9,000, and want yours. You will get a BIG
MAIL. Our Directory is the only Mail Order Directory
iu the South devoted to Mail Order Dealers and Buyers,
>s '*—Post Card Exchanges, Manufacturers, Agents, Profession
al, Business and Public Men. Your name inserted in any of the above departments
for 10 cents. You can’t afford to be left out. We have no Equal. Send today. Don’t
Wait. Do it NOW.
SPFCIAI ®tty who answer this ad., we will send FREE, a copy
U1 vymi/ • of our April issue, which is sold for 25 cents per copy. This is an
opportunity seldom offered. Now is your chance. Write quick. Address
MILLER’S YOUNG AMERICAN DIRECTORY, P. 0. Lock Box 612. ATLANTA, GA.