Bryan’s Commoner announces that
Hon. W. J. Bryan will again be. a
candidate for the Presidency. This
is no news; we all knew it.—Jasper
(Fla.) News.
If the farmer who buys a farm at
a cost of SIO,OOO could produce a
crop worth $20,000 the first year he
would be doing well —in fact, there
would he a rush of the city folk to
the country. But, of course, no
farmer does this well. However, it
costs about $3,500 to construct the
average railway mail car, but our
Government is generous enough to
pay the railroads about double this
price in yearly rentals. —Stanberry
(Mo.) Owl.
The shouters for a Ship Subsidy
are as bold a gang of pirates as ever
cursed this planet. The shouting for
a Merchant Marine is but a pretense
to make a raid on the Treasury of
the United States. Highwaymen or
bandits who contemplate looting the
United States mints, are gentlemen
compared with the grafting coterie
who have hatched a conspiracy to
break into the vaults of the Govern
ment and build at public expense,
ships that are to be converted to the
personal use of mercenary brigands.
—Miners’ Magazine, Denver, Colo.
It makes us tired to read President
Taft’s message to Congress on the
conservation of our natural re
sources, and recommending that
steps be taken toward protecting the
coal and timber lands of Alaska and
the West from capture by the mo
nopolists and timber and mineral
land thieves, so soon after he had
dismissed from the public service the
honest and faithful men who, in spite
of his regulation to protect the
thieves about to steal, under sanc
tion of some of his leading officials,
these very mineral lands and water
powers. In dismissing Glavis and
Pinchot he laid himself open to the
charge of Henry Watterson, that he
“Was the enemy of honest men and
friend of thieves.”
But they say he was obliged to
discharge these men to save his face
and the edict he had issued to pre
vent such information leaking out
from subordinate officers. Yet, the
people of the country would have had
much more respect for him if, in
stead of firing honest and faithful
public servants, he had abolished the
edict that would protect the thieves
in their depredations on the people’s
domain.—Blood and Bludgeon, Fort
Gaines, Ga.
Rockefeller and the Hook Worm.
In the bright sunny South where
the weevil abides, the hook worm is
gnawing the people’s insides, the
cane and the cotton plantations are
huge, but the children are crying for
John D.’s vermifuge! If the people
grow sick and the children infirm,
they know right away it’s the deadly
hook worm. If any one’s lazy and
inclined for to shirk, in his system
they know the hook worms are at
work. They get in his blood and race
through his veins and fill his intes
tines with terrible pains. But a great
benefactor has sent him a brew
that’ll make the old hook worms get
up and skidoo! Their fangs will be
loosened, their hooks they’ll unhook,
and from the South’s entrails the
worms will be shook- For he’s given
a million, and their schemes he will
foil, but we’ll pay the freight when
we buy his darned oil.—Hillsboro
(Ill.) News.
Lon Livingston says the reason of
high prices is: (1) The trend of
population to the cities. (2) Over
crowding in cities. (3) The all-cot
ton farming of the South. How does
high tariff strike you as a reason?—
New Era, Talbotton, Ga.
We hear a good deal of talk about
this time about there being a de
ficit in the Postoffice Department,
SAY OF OTHER EDITORS
and efforts will be made by increas
ing the price on newspapers and
monthly publications to put it on a
paying basis. But why should it
pay? Is the Navy Department on a
paying basis? Is the Army Depart
ment on a paying basis? Is the Ju
diciary, the Police, the Secret Serv
ice, the Weather Bureau, the Agri
cultural, or any other department of
the Government on a paying basis?
And if so, what department, except
solely the Revenue Department?
And which of all these departments
is doing the most good for the coun
try? Few would name any other
than the Postoffice Department.—
Ocala (Fla.) Banner.
The candidates are getting very
busy just now and the people should
also get busy investigating their
standing on public questions. Don’t
fail to ask the candidates questions
about the things of a public nature
pertaining to their official duties in
case they are elected. Do not permit
them to side-step, but require them
to answer straight from the shoul
der. If they will not do this, you
can not trust them. —Weekly Senti
nel, Waldron, Ark.
Thirty-one dead, two missing and
forty-six injured is the total toll of
the Spanish River, Canada, railroad
wreck the other day. A bank fail
ure in China means the decapitation
of the officers of the bank. Some
such a law against railroad wrecks
in this country would make them few
and far between. There hasn’t been
a bank failure in China for 2,000
years.—Custer County Beacon, Brok
en Bow, Neb.
Mr. Taft may as well save up as
much as he can this term, or, make
himself solid with “the interests,”
for 1912 will see another man elect
ed to his seat. Gifford Pinchot’s dis
missal from the position of Chief
Forester has started the big man
down the toboggan.—Better Way,
Minneapolis, Kan.
The National Packing Company
(the Meat Trust), is again on the
operating table, the investigating
probe having been started at Chicago
Monday. This probe is being insert
ed with the hope of finding whether
or not the present high prices of
meat is due to an unlawful combina
tion of the National Packing Com
pany in restraint of trade. Just an
ordinary layman can give expert
opinion on that branch of the sub
ject relating to the reason for the re
straint of trade. —Smith’s Center
(Kan.) Messenger.
High Cost of Living.
Time and again, long before the
press of the country began to become
alarmed at the high prices of neces
sities, the Record discussed this
question and sounded a warning note
of what would follow the Tariff
measure enacted during the last sea
son of Congress.
Those who burden themselves with
reading the editorials of the Record
will remember how it urged its read
ers everywhere to write their Con
gressmen and ask them to fight to
the last ditch this unjust Tariff Re
vision. If the press of the country
and each individual citizen had
taken half the interest in preventing
the passage of the bill they now
take in condemning it, it is very
doubtful if it would have have
passed. Some of the economists
claim that the increased cost of liv
ing is caused by the scarcity of food
products. Others contend that it is
caused from Trust monopoly. The
Record is inclined to believe that
there is a mixture of both. There
isn’t any doubt but what too many
people have abandoned the farm.
Yet there is plenty of foodstuff pro
duced to feed the world at reason
able prices were if not controlled by
the Trusts. Were it not for the rob
ber Tariff the Trusts could not thrive
□Mfersonian
as they do. Were it not for the dis
loyalty of our national lawmakers
such infamous legislation as the Al
drich-Payne tariff law would not ex
ist. And further, had it not been for
the Democratic Deserters who voted
for the continued Reign of Cannon
ism Aldrich could never have passed
his unjust measure. If you do not
believe this read what Cannon him
self has to say of it. But listen
voters. Your time will soon come
to retire these disloyal and treacher
ous Congressmen to private life.
Will you do it? In every organized
army in the world a deserter is shot
without mercy. The ballot is your
weapon. Will you use it to shoot
the Congressman who has deserted
you?—Royston (Ga.) Record.
Parcels-Post.
There are indications that sooner
or later Congress will take up the
subject of parcels-post. Representa
tive Murdock is seeking data rela
tive to the package mail business
and wants to know why the Post
office Department does not maintain
its right to carry this class of matter.
He calls attention to the Postmaster-
General’s report, showing a deficit
of seventeen million dollars last year
while the Wells-Fargo Express Com
pany declared dividends amounting
to twenty-five millions of dollars on
a capitalization of eight millions.
The Murdock resolution calls atten
tion to the fact that the Department
has for many years surrendered its
right to transport the packet mail
matter and emphasizes the point that
this lack of thrift in the Postoffice
Department is enriching the express
companies.—Bethel (Ohio) Journal.
The Last Straw.
Everything indicates that the
thinking people of the country are
roused at last to some slight appre
ciation of the unspeakable folly and
wrong of the whole Roosevelt irri
gation scheme; and we venture now
to predict that President Taft will
have a mighty hard job to coax Con
gress into approving his monstrous
proposal of an immense issue of
bonds to help the Government give
away, faster and faster, our public
domain, the one national resource
that should be far more carefully
conserved than any other, foi' the
/W Est BUYS the new
992HG0LDEN EAGLE MODEL A
Xj *BtHE BEST SEWING Je-a ONE
MACHINE MADE— M^’ s
REGARDLESS OF
PRICE OR NAME
You Cannot Buy
A Better Sewing Machine Than ffM:
Our New Golden Eagle Model
“A”, no matter what the name
or price may be. You can pay more, Imw WiOri
but you can’t get more value. This Aljyl WwCBM >•
Model “A” is built by the best me- Mht|Al vmSsQWM o
chanics money can hire, out of the Mpi J WgEjl
best obtainable material; all parts mul %
are carefully tested and adjusted by
experts, enabling us to guarantee it ® H
for 20 years, and to give perfect satis- W \| R CS* : n =•
faction, and to be in perfect working ® MODEL »a», price $23.59.
Order when it reaches you. Complete.with full set of attachments.
Our Model “A” has the finest head ever used on a family Sewing Machine, embody
ing all the new and special features found in finest Machines made. Its simpleness of
construction, noiseless, light-running qualities, simpleness of operation, handsome wood
work and many exclusive features not found on any other Machine, make it the most
desirable Machine made for the Home.
OUR CATALOG shows other Machines, different styles at different prices. Some
good Machines for 812.50, some better ones for 817.50 and 819.75, which we guarantee to
give entire satisfaction, and to be better than those offered at equal prices by other con
cerns and at retail, but we recommend our Model “A” Machine above all as the differ
ence in price is really small compared with the satisfaction of having absolutely as fine
a Sewing Machine as any of your Neighbors possess, regardless of what they paid for theirs
and also the satisfaction of knowing that you have as fine a machine as can be made
IF YOU WANT to order direct from this advertisement, cut it out, pin a 81 00 bill to
it (the U. S Mail is safe), and say “Ship Me by First Freight one New Golden Eagle
Model “A” Sewing Machine C. O. D., 822.50”. Try it in your own home for 30 days—we
will guarantee the rest—satisfaction and safe delivery.
IF YOU WANT the catalog, write us a postal TODAY, but order the Machine or the
catalog TODAY.
THE GOLDEN EAGLE BUGGY CO.
Golden Eagle Blog. 156-166 EDGEWOOD AVE , ATLANTA, GA.
202. Dept. 32
simple reason that no part of it once
given away can ever be recovered
or replaced. A recent public acces
sion to the side of sanity and justice
in this matter is Speaker Cannon,
who announces that he will oppose
any such project.
The Utica (N. Y.) Press copies
from a Western paper an article de
scribing one of these ' irrigation
schemes, which it seems will cost
$12,000,000 and benefit four Nevada
towns (think of that!), and perti
nently, though very mildly, asks:
“Is it right to make the Eastern
farmer help pay the cost of changing
a Western desert into cultivated
farms?” The question answers it
self.—Country Gentleman.
As soon as it was known that Mr.
Bryan had become a prohibitionist
the people of Alabama voted against
prohibition. Mr. Bryan has ceased
to be the peerless leader. —New York
World.
TRI-WEEKLY CONSTITUTION
Monday, Wednesday, Friday
Three times a week
WATSON’S MAGAZINE for 1910
Will contain Mr. Watson’s best
literary work.
Both, One Year, Only $1.50
TRI-WEEKLY CONSTITUTION
Monday, Wednesday, Friday
Three times a week
THE JEFFERSONIAN for 1910
Tom Watson’s live wire
It’s a sizzler.
Both, One Year, Only $1.25
THE JEFFERSONIANS,
Thomson, Ga.
Agents Makess a Day
HMB Belling our lovely Floral Wall Mottoes:
SJM beautiful enamel finish ; designed in
rich colors with Roses. Pansies, Pop-
Bt-.- pies, Fruit, etc. 75 designs and texts
j Size 12x16 in. Something entirely
■■ new. Sella on slirht. Every borne
lover will buy. Worth aJ. sells for
cts One agentsold 1300 in lOdays.
1 3uo per cent profit. Particulars free.
Sample 10c. HOME ART CO., gj Ittl Randolph Bt., Chicago. 111.
PAGE FIFTEEN