whereby this particular pork barrel is filled
and distributed to hungry beneficiaries. The
toiling masses today, who can scarcely get
bread to eat, are mercilessly taxed, directly
and indirectly, and out of their lean purses
comes the money which goes to support a vast
army of men and women, thousands of whom
are absolutely unworthy of a pension. Since
the Civil War, the South has had to help sup
port a swarming horde of G. A. R. leeches
who never seem to diminish in numbers;
added to this come on the Spanish-American
War veterans to be perpetually maintained
because of that idiotic ebullition. Every in
stance is seized upon as an excuse to drag a
little bit more money out of the Treasury.
During the late unpleasantness, it was ru
mored that Cincinnati might be attacked by
one of the Confederate generals and a militia
was raised to defend that place. The Con
federate general made a different move, no
defence was required and for a few days the
men and boys of that vicinity made holiday.
For this magnificent service‘.there has been,
within the past six months, granted to each
one of these, and presumably to their widows
and orphans and other dependents, a full
month's pay, amounting in the aggregate to a
very tidy little sum. There’s patriotism for
you! A holiday taken forty years ago must
actually be pounced upon as an excuse to
mulct the common people today. The South
can hardly pay a pittance to her own surviv
ing veterans, most of whom suffered bitterly
enough in the conflict, returning to desolate
and ruined farms and bankrupt business 5 ,
wherever they were enabled to return alive,
and yet the South must contribute her prorata
toward supporting the veterans and pseudo
veterans of the North and of everywhere else.
The pension graft is one of the most shame
ful of all abuses, as the very name of patriot
ism is degraded if a man who has at any time
enlisted in the army must become a perpetual
charge upon the government, whether or not
he ever really served or suffered.
Rockefeller’s agents have returned from the
Orient, and it is expected any day that an-
Rival Grafters
Fighting for the
Orient.
that all of. his other
“charities” will be outdistanced by this, which
undertakes nothing less than the higher edu
cation of a nation. It is known that Mr.
Rockefeller has expressed his willingness to
give at least $50,000,000 toward the modern
education of China, with, perhaps, more for
India and Japan. Negotiations have been
carried on with the Chinese Government,
which is eager for Rockefeller’s money.
So, this is where Fifty Million Dollars of
good American money is going to go! This
vile old hypocrite, who has trampled the law
of his own nation into the dust and who is
pandered to by a lot of sycophantic preachers
and laymen of the churches, whose presence
he defiles, is going to take money extorted
from the people of his own land and turn it
over to China.
And never doubt that the supply of pelf
will fail, for should America by any possible
chance curb the aggressions of the Standard
Oil here, it is already rooted and intrenched
' COMPLIMENTS GF
L ffITOWI WATSON I
WmhKthe JEFFERsmasIL
This is the knife which The Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for new subscriptions or re
newals to the magazine or weekly. It’s a beauty.
nouncement will be made
of a gift by Rockefeller
to the cause of Oriental
education. It is said
£sbe
in Europe. Russia, as is well known, is a
country quite rich in petroleum; in fact, about
the only country where quantities large
enough to threaten any competition with the
Standard Oil here have been discovered. Al
ready John D. probably owns the Russian
oil supply, and the Government of Greece has
granted within the past month to an oil busi
ness in that kingdom a monopoly, an absolute
monopoly. This Greek concern belongs to
the American Oil Trust which, for years, has
made Greece its distributing point for all the
Levantine countries, and the Standard Oil
has a thorough understanding with this Com
pany, if it is not in fact the bona fide owner.
* * * *
-Now t , here is another rub. American mis
sionaries in China and the Orient are up in
arms against the proposed Rockefeller Uni
versity, which is called “a slap at Christiani-
TOO CLOSE FOR COMFORT
The hand of the law will get old John O. hint’
>alf yet.
-Mtencapoils Journal.
ty’s face”. There is in Shanghai an Ameri
can University, considered to be the foremost
in China; this is St. John’s University of the
Protesta’nt Episcopal Mission. If a larger
university is established near by it will de
stroy the prestige of the St. John’s institu
tion, whereat the missionaries are howling
wildly. Just where their kick comes in, it is
difficult to say. They have taken American
money to establish a great institution for the
secular education of the Celestials, and Rocke
feller, in his own way, is merely doing the
same thing, only on a bigger scale. If the
missionaries had confined themselves to
preaching the gospel in away that might
have, perhaps, taken hold upon the hearts of
the people, instead of trying to cram their
heads with Occidental education, they would
be entirely above the spitefulness they show.
When will the buncoed and abused Ameri
can people arise in their might and abolish
all of these forms of graft? It is bad enough
when ill-begotten wealth is, in a slight degree,
turned to the benefit of the people from
whom it was originally stolen, but when it is
stolen from one people to be given to an alien
race, having its own civilization and abound
ing in every material wealth, the outrage is
simply beyond expression.
WMaMMIIWIIMimiJ IBlMllllMh 18l IMhlllMillnful iIMMh M ■■Hiliß
[FOREIGN MISSIONS EXPOSED)
I By Thos. E. Watson ■
A handsome book of one hundred pages. Price, I
. 25 cents. Premium for one new subscription to I
I Watson's Magazine or The Jeffersonian at SI.OO I
THE JEFFERSONIANS THOMSON, GEORGIA J
The State of Alabama, after a long and
hard fought campaign, refused to ratify the
amendment to the Constitu-
A LAB AM A
Amendment
Fails.
ten to The Jeffersonian expressing the
widest variance of view on this amendment
question. Prohibition is one of those meas
ures about which men have always differed
and, perhaps, always will differ and, consid
ering this honest divergence of opinion upon
the subject, which affects every citizen either
directly or indirectly, neither unbridled li
cense nor drastic prohibition can long hold
sway. The tendency is necessarily toward
reasonable forbearance of both sides.
The Baltimore Sun recently carried this
agreeable little news item to the effect that
Back to
the Bushes.
cational methods preparatory to assuming
the post of superintendent of education in
Dahomy, West Africa. The Rev. Mr. Lee
talked volubly and said he was deeply im
pressed by the happiness of the people of Da
homy and convinced that they were morally
better than Christians and that their disre
gard of clothing was not to be deplored.
Those who live in Dahomy, land of peace and
abiding happiness, according to the Reverend
Lee, carry no concealed weapons, for the rea
son that the hair is a poor place in which to
conceal them. Being no warrior himself he
followed the custom of the country to the
minutest particulars. Missionaries, Rever
end Lee says, who talk about cannibalism
hypercritically show a failure to grasp the
significance of the practice :
“The brain of a man'” said Lee, “makes wonderful
wine. I have drunk this wine and found it delicious.
No beverage ever tasted better. When a tribe is con
quered the head of the vanquished chief is cut off and
his brain extracted. Jirom this the wine is brewed.
Every one in the take a drink of this bev
erage. To refuse would be an insult. White men in
the country are not exempt. This has great signifi
cance, showing the triumph in a convincing way. I
would not urge this, but I would not condemn it until
I could bring myself to see that it was wrong. And
I don’t see anything wrong in it.”
The Reverend Mr. Lee had not long been
in Dahomy to woo its simple people to Chris
tian ways before he discovered that fetich
worship suited him better and that clothes
were a burden. He went, he saw and was
conquered, and where we lost a bright and
shining missionary light the people of Da
homy gained a long lost son. This is just one
of many similar cases which go to show
that the vast progress of the negro race in
thirty years is substantial enough to last
about thirty minutes whenever they get back
in reach of the jungle.
TO MY FRIENDS IN THE FARMERS* UNION!
Boys, won’t you see me a fair fight? Make
those Union City would-be Bosses meet me in the
open. Make them stop this private-letter and
secret-meeting policy. THEY ARE DUPING YOU
WITH LIES.
MAKE THEM BIGHT FAIR!
tion, incorporating a prohibi
tion provision into the funda
mental law of the State.
Many letters have been writ-
Rev. J. Howard Lee, colored,
who left that city seven years
ago, is back for the purpose
of making a study of the edu-
PAGE FIVE