MAGAZINE THREE YEAR SUBS.
We are beginning to receive subscriptions
for three years, in response to the offer to ac
cept them at $3, thus giving a rate of $1 per
year, for the magazine.
We hope to have a thousand three-year sub
scriptions before the end of the year.
This offer is personal to the subscriber, and
admits of no commission or premium.
The Jeffersonian Magazine reached a self
supporting basis three months ago, and its
receipts show a most gratifying and constant
increase.
Deposit by Mail
It Is perfectly safe to remit us by mail. Pass
beeke will be sent you by return mail.
FARMERS* ACCOUNTS ESPECIALLY
SOLICITED. '
We pay interest twice a year at rate es 4 per
cent
The Augusta Savings Bank
823 Broad St.
WM. B. YOUNG, President
J. G. WEIQLE, Cashier.
THE DIXIE BUSINESS COLLEGE.
a The School for Thoroughness.
' Ogly Thorough Course in Office Routine and
Touch Typewriting offered in the Southeastern
States. Moat Comprehensive, up-to-date Book
keeping, Shorthand, Typewriting, Banking and
Penmanship Courses in Atlanta. Write for Cat
alog and Special Summer Rates.
H. L. BRIDGES & BERNARD C. ANBTEB,
Proprietors.
TOM WATSON MELON—72-tb.
The very best and most attractive melon ever
put on the market, it is long and dark green
in color, and its eating quality has no supe
rior, it keeps longer than any other melon after
ripening, and is one of the best shipping mel
ons grown; it will make more money for those
who plant it than any other.
I planted a few acres of very thin land last
season to supply my home trade, and to se
cure more seed for the growing demand, and
to my surprise I not only made all the melons
for this purpose, but sold five car loads that
brought me $450.
Read what Mr. P. B. Sharp, of Oklahoma,
says of them: “I received the package of
seed in due time, and planted them rather late
in season, and hardly cultivated them at all,
but they grew a very fine crop of melons, the
finest that I ever saw in the Slmerion Valley
this season, will plant no other next season,
as I consider this all that is desired in a
watermelon.”
I have a few seed from this wonderful melon,
to offer to the growers at $1.35 per pound, five
pounds for $6.50, express prepaid. Address ,
W. A. WATSON, Thomson, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
Husbands tell
i3l-i A wives to send
1 self - addressed,
stamped envelope for secret.
ANNA FOY, Wichita, Kan.
- W Willtt iMM hiilllllhiiilMin hiiwFi iirinililHimJii.nwUMllHWilMlUM
Prices Reduced on the Watson Books
Story of France
In Two Large, Beautiful Volumes - - - $3.00
Add 40 cents for postage
Napoleon
Illustrated - • - $1.75
Add 20 cents for postage
Life and Times of J efferson
Illustrated - . - - - - $1.50
Add 20 cents for postage
Bethany
A Thrilling Story of the Old South and
Civil War - SI.OO
Add 10 cents for postage
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Explanation: We have to order these books from New York.
Therefore there should bo an allowance made for the time necessary
to carry the order to New York and for the book to be sent from
that city.
Cevbbage Plant Man
\\EARLY JERSEY WAKEFIELD.. CHARLESTON LARGE TYPE. SUCCESSION." AUGUSTA TRUCKER. II
\\ The Earliest "WAKEFIELD, The Earlitsi A little later FLAT DUTCH. //
1 Cabbage Grown. 2d Earliest. Flat Head Variety. than Succession. Largest and Latest Cabbage. J /
1 TRADE MARK COPYrTgHTED
IA A A Forty years Experle.ee and Reputation. Fifteen Thousand Satisfied Customers. IQ AQ |
IU w V Our stock guaranteed to prove satisfactory or purchase price paid for same re- I7vQ I
funded. Thirty Thousand dollars Paid In Capital and our Reputation behind guarantee. I
Ask your Banker about us. Why purchase plants from unknown or inexperienced growers,, I -
Ms pf losing your crop? when you can buy from the Original Cabbage
nts sure to produce satisfactory results. /2r?\ I
of 1 to 5,000 at $1.50 per thousand, 5 to 9,000 at $1.25 per thousand, 10,000 ( yQ »
*er thousand f. o. b. Young’s Island, S. C. Our special Express Rate on U
. Our Cabbage Plants are Frost Proof. To produce the best results ///W I
tin the South Atlantic and Gulf States in December and January. In the /111 /
as early in spring as land thaws sufficiently to get the plant root in the soil./
Catalogue ; it contains valuable information about fruit and vegetable
ixing of fertilizers, etc. We grow a full line of Strawberry plants. Fruit I
ntals. Special terms to persons who make up club orders.
sowing this season six thousand pounds of cabbage seed. !
m. C Geraty Co. Box 26 Young’s Island, S.
nnn no v y° u have ° r
IKIIrN I know of asuffer
ull v i v i er , write for par .
ticulars of our valuable remedy,
which is guaranteed.
Eagle Remedy Co., 303 Kiser Bldg., Atlanta
PAGE THIRTEEN