PAGE TWELVE
THE HEARST PARTY.
(Cotinued from Page Nine.)
nient will have any considerable influence
upon the elections in Indiana, New York
or other States. The Democratic party
changes its creed every four years, but the
Independence party has already changed
its creed twice during this year. When
it met in Indianapolis some months ago, it
was in favor of a ship subsidy and the
Wall Street system of finance; in Chicago
it adopted practically every of the
planks which have so long been the plat
form of the Populist party. If Populist
principles are correct, there would seem
to be no good reason why the Populist
national ticket should not receive the
votes of those who believe in Populism.
Mr. Hearst’s denunciation of both the
old parties falls flat with a public which
knows he can not now be better informed
of the decadence and corruption of both
the parties than he was when he leagued
himself first with the one and then with
the other in New York politics.
The labor plank, in so far as it de
mands that no injunction should be issued
until after trial upon the merits, that such
trial should be had before a jury, and that
in no case of alleged contempt should any
person be deprived of libertv without a
trial by jury, is revolutionary. English
jurisprudence has always recognized the
inherent right of a court to protect itself
and to maintain its dignity by punishing
for contempt those who, in its presence,
or within its jurisdiction, defy its authori
ty. To say that the courts should be de
prived of this inherent and necessary
power is preposterous.
To say that no injunction shall issue
until after a trial upon the merits of the
case is too ludicrous for serious consider
ation. Were that the law no man could
protect himself from those who mean to
do him irreparable injury. As a lawyer,
as well as a candidate, I take the position
that wherever a prima facie case is made
before the judge by allegations in the bill,
supported by affidavits that an irreparable
injury is about to be committed Upon the
petitioner, a restraining order should issue
to maintain the status quo until both sides
can be heard.
Labor leaders are just human like the
balance.of us, and they make their mis
takes. Their truest friends are those who
tell them when they are wrong just as
quickly as they will fight their battles for
them when they are right. The candi
date who seeks to secure the labor vote by
claiming for the laboring classes special
privileges like those contained in the
Hearst platform .will do the cause of la
bor more harm than good. Equal and
exact justice is all that laboring men
should expect or demand, and they should
not strive for special privileges or special
exemptions not claimed and enjoyed by
other classes of citizens.
That some judges have gone very much
too far in the issuance of injunctions is
true and the evil cries aloud for a remedy,
but the emasculation of all the courts is
THE JEFERSONIAN.
not the remedy. No judge should be de
prived of the power to prevent the lawless
from doing wrong.
Mr. Hearst denounces the blacklist.
That is all right, but he should have de
nounced the boycott also. The one is as
bad as the other. The blacklist is the
employers’ boycott of the laborer. The
boycott is the laborers’ blacklist of the
employers. In principle they are precise
ly the same thing.
THOMAS E. WATSON,
People’s Party candidate for President.
H H
GEMS FROM JUDGE WILLIAMS’
SPEECH.
(Continued from Page Five.)
contraction, trusts and poverty breath and
thrive and multiply like typhus germs in a
clogged sewer.”
“One eroneous impression in the public
mind is, that the People’s Party is opposed to
banks and makes war on bankers as such, and
just here it is my duty to correct this state
ment; the bank of discount and deposit is as
necessary to the commercial and social well
being of a community as is the grocery store
or the meat market, and as convenient as a.
collar button or a wheelbarrow, and personally
the average banker is a man of high repute
and great goodness of heart.”
“The Populist demand is that all money in
circulation shall be legal tender for all debts,
public and private, and shall be issued to the
public without the intervention of banks. The
only wav to regulate the value of money is to
regulate its volume, I mean by that, regulate
the amount of money in existence, that is to
say, in circulation.”
“The Populist not only demands that con
gress shall issue the money, but that it shall
regulate its value and regulate it in such a
way as to give a sufficient volume of money
to the country at all times to properly satisfy
the demands of commerce and labor.”
The popular idea, born of false statement,
is that the populist looks only on the dark side
and rejoices in sorrow and misfortune; the
contrary is the truth.”
“The populist is an honest, sane and
patriotic optimist.”
WOULD PRESERVE MARSHALL INTACT.
Thomas E. Watson Suggests that It Be
Walled in on Banks of James.
“Are they not going to take some step to
wall in the old barge which transported the
remains of Stonewall Jackson to Lexington?
I hope that this will be done. It would not
erst a great deal to enclose the barge just
where it lies and thus preserve it indefinitely.
1 would myself be willing to contribute five or
ten dollars towards this patriotic work.”
Such is the closing paragraph of a letter
written recently by Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of
Georgia, to Mr. John Stewart Walker, of this
city, in reference to the old packet boat “Mar
shall,” which now lies on the bank of the
James river a short distance above the Orange
bridge, and which is rapidly going into decay.
When seen this morning in referencee to the
old boat, Mr. Walker admitted that he was a
passenger on a Southern train about a month
ago with. Mr. Watson, and, that as they were
passing the boat, Mr. Watson’s attention was
called to it. He became interested and stated
that he intended to write an article for his
magazine, suggesting at the same time that
something should be done at once to preseerve
the old relic. Later, he wrote to Mr. Walker
and asked that a souvenir postcard containing
:r picture of the “Marshall” be sent him, .and
in doing this made the suggestion contained
above.
Quite a number of persons interested in the
old boat have looked at it recently, and it is
generally believed that it would be impossible
to move it even in sections, because it would
fall to pieces on account of the now rapid
decay of the timbers, especially the main
timbers, which would be necessary in an
attempt to move the boat. The suggestion of
Mr. Watson that the boat be walled in where
it rests in an effort to preserve it seems to be
about the only means whereby it may be saved,
and such a movement only needs a leader to
carry it into execution.
There is not the slightest doubt about the
boat being the one which conveyed the remains
of Stonewall Jackson to Lexington for burial,
because City Sergeant S. H. Johnson was
employed on the vessel in the capacity of mate
to the captain, who is now living in Buchanan,
and Adolphus Humbles, the well-known colored
resident, was also employed upon her.
The Bryan club, wielded on the occasion of
the Denver convention, was a proof that there
are other big sticks than that brandished by
Roosevelt.—Pensacola News.
So they were beaten into line, were they?
It’s a very frank admission. —Tampa, Fla.,
Index.
A REPORT OF THE SPLENDID RALLY AT
SAVANNAH.
(Continued from Page One.)
secret conferences with Bryan they have
returned pleased, and expressed themselves
as being for Bryan.
He told of the days of the old South, when
the people stood for the principles of real
Democracy, and pleaded for the return to
these conditions. “By giving me your
electoral vote you would help me to break up
the slavery of the South to the North. Let
us return to the glorious principles that our
fathers believed in before the war. I hope
that the day may come when the South is
restored to her old place and our people are
happy as they were then in the South of the
old days.” T. D.
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
invites the patronage of those who desire the
best educational advantages for their sons and
daughters. The rates are lower than at most
schools offering similar advantages. Write for
catalog and full information to
CLAUDE GRAY, Preaident,
LOCUST GROVE, GA.