al independence, was outrageously vilified,
misrepresented and condemned.
While the excitement in the circles of the
faithful was at its height, Bishop Keily, of
Savannah, Ga., fulminated a clerical defiance
of the state. He not only endorsed raptu
ously the Pope’s attempts to inflame French
Catholics to forcible resistance to the separa
tion law, but he declared it to be the duty of
Catholics in this country to make forcible re
sistance to state laws, when those laws in
fringed upon the prerogative of the church.
In France, that doctrine is now being put
in practice, Archbishop Andrien having vio
lated the law by publicly inciting the Cath
olics to defy the laws of the land, and having
been fined for the offense, declares that he will
not pay the fine, and that he will continue to
resist the law “even unto bloodshed”.
That brings up the question,—
From what source of authority shall Cath
olics take the law—from Papa and his satel
lites, or from the constituted legislature of
the nation?
If such fanatics as Bishop Keily and Arch
bishop Andrien are right, the arbiter of na
tional laws and policies holds sway in Rome.
From thence, Papa issues the final words, as
to the binding force of laws. Therefore, all
Christian nations are subject to Rome, and
must look to the Vatican to find their ulti
mate ruler.
So it was in the Dark Ages. So it will be
again, if the Pope and the Vatican politicians
can have their way.
® S [g
Government Money for City Bonds
“A correspondent asks:
“ ‘Will you give us some good reason why the Gov
ernment should not issue money direct to counties,
cities and towns having to sell the bonds to a bank or
trust company who can get from the Government mon
ey to the face value?”
“ ‘Say Roanoke issues $50,000 in bonds running 30
years at 5 per cent., and sells them for $50,000 to
some company: lias one dollar been added to the
amount in circulation? Now this company can take
these bonds to the United States Government and re
ceive $5(1,000 for one per cent. If Roanoke could take
the bonds to the Treasury at Washington and get
$50,000 in Government notes at one per cent, interest,
there would be added to the volume of money the sum
of $50,000, and the city would save four per cent.’
“The premises laid down by our correspondent are
not correct. When the city of Roanoke sells its bonds
to the amount of fifty thousand dollars to a bank or
trust company, this sum of money is put into circula
tion just as it would be if obtained from the Treasury
of the United States. This sum, locked up in the
vaults of a bank, is just as dead to circulation as it
would be if locked up in the United States Treasury,
and until some equivalent is offered to withdraw it for
circulation, it will stay there.
“The best reason that we can give why the Govern
ment should not issue money direct to counties, cities
and towns, is that the Government does not buy bonds,
and there are many good reasons why it should not do
so. When a bank takes such bonds to the Treasury
Department, they are merely hypothecated as collateral
security, and if we mistake not, the banker does not
obtain full face value. At any rate, should the Gov
ernment of the United States attempt to directly deal
in matters of finance with the counties, cities, and
towns, rather than through the national banks, it
would lead to financial complications that sooner or
later would seriously involve the Government’s finan
cial status.”—Roanoke (Va.) Evening News.
The correspondent of the Roanoke News in
quires, in substance, “Why could not the Gov
ernment, dealing directly with the city, accept
its bonds as collateral and lend the city
$45,000 (90 per cent, of the par value), in
stead of compelling the city to have recourse
to the banks which use the bonds as collateral,
obtain the $45,000 from the Government and
then lend it to the people at a high rate of
compound interest?”
To a man up a tree, it would seem that
Roanoke bonds are just as good collateral to
the Government when the city of Roanoke
offers them as when some banker offers them.
The Government does not let the banker have
the $45,000 on his own credit. The loan is
made on the strength of the bonds. Why,
then, shouldn’t the Government deal directly
with the city ?
For no other reason in God’s world than
that the national bankers have influence
enough to maintain their own system of spe
cial privilege and money monopoly.
They won’t allow the Government to issue
paper money excepting through themselves, as
middle-men, because the direct issue of money
to the cities or the people would lessen na
tional bank profits and power.
g| B S
Do You Call This Honest?
V. B. Cheshire, of Anderson, S. C., pub
lishes a semi-weekly paper called The Ander
son Intelligencer. The methods of Mr.
Cheshire are extraordinary.
In his issue of July 13, 1909, he makes a
leading editorial out of a clipping from the
first page of the Jeffersonian of July Sth.
“Shall the Negro Run Our Trains?” was the
headline of an excellent editorial in the
Phoenix-Girard Journal. We used it as a
clipping, and gave due credit. Mr. Cheshire
took it, made it his leading editorial, and gave
nobody credit.
In the same issue of our paper, we had a
Watson editorial, under the captain, “A So
cialist's Attack on the White Firemen”.
Mr. Cheshire took this editorial, used it as
his editorial, and gave no credit.
It is very unusual to place clippings from
other papers upon one’s editorial page, and
when the editorial from the Jeffersonian, or
some other paper, appears as an editorial in
Ancfersun Intelligencer, without credit, it
is up to Mr. Cheshire to justify himself.
The appearance of one editorial in that very
peculiar way would be bad enough, but here
we have the out and out appropriation of two
editorials from other papers in the same is
sue of The Anderson Intelligencer.
And they don’t appear in Mr. Cheshire's
paper as clippings, at all.
They appear on his editorial page as his
editorials !
How about it, Mr. Cheshire?
P. S. —In the Augusta (Ga.) Herald of
July 19, the article “Shall the Negro Run
Our Trains?” is used as a clipping, and credit
ed to The Anderson Intelligencer!
Thus the editor of the Phoenix-Girard
Journal is doubly wronged.
®] ® ®
The Arm-Bone of Ann: or Mira
cles Plentiful Now
New York is all in a flutter, and the excite
ment is spreading through “the Provinces”, —-
as New Yorkers call the Southern and West
ern States.
What is it all about? Why, an arm-bone
of a worthy woman, who departed this life
some nineteen hundred years ago, is said to
be in possession of a certain church in New
York, and it is working miracles.
What! The bone?
Yes, —the bone.
I know it because I see it in the newspapers.
Had my doubts till it got into the Atlanta pa
pers,—then I knew it was so.
The deceased lady was named Anne. The
church canonized her, or something long ago,
and she is now called St. Anne. What be
came of her other bones, I don’t know, but
the arm-bone is in New York, sure, for it is
working miracles there.
Old Mistress Brown of New York, was
blind, but now she sees; and she says that the
arm-bone of Anne did the business.
How came the bone of the Saint to single
out old Mrs. Brown, from among all the blind
people, for the precious boon of restored eye
sight ?
Really, I couldn’t tell you. The priests who
manage the bone could easily explain, but we
couldn’t expect them to let us into their pious
little devices, stratagems and tricks, —common
enough in the Dark Ages, but only recently
started up in this country.
TJeffersonlan,
Happy Mrs. Brown. God, in His infinite
mercy, has been peculiarly partial to her,—ac
cording to her and the priest.
Blindness has fallen on maid and matron,
child and adult, the prince and the pauper, the
white and the black; and millions have gone
through long, dismal years—as generations
came and went —with never a sight of the
heavens or the earth, of the face of man or
the panorama of nature. Blind children have
rolled sightless balls up to mother’s yearning
eyes; blind mothers have longed in vain to see
the offspring they held in their arms. The
blind beggar on the streets, the blind man of
the country home, the blind throngs in the
asylums,—the world has been full of them,
and out of the soul of every one of them, un
pitying fate wrung the lament of the blind
poet who dreamed of Paradise Lost and sang
that song of deepest woe:
“Z am Hind"'.
And only to think that every one of these
unfortunates might have been' touched with
the arm-bone of Anne, and been made to re
joice as Mrs. Brown says she does, upon the
miraculous restoration of her sight.
The church has had Anne's arm-bone all
along,—or says so, at any rate. Its miraculous
virtue must have been in it, from the very be
ginning. If it will restore sight to blind Mis
tress Brown, why not to blind Mrs. Smith, and
to everybody else who is blind ?
Surely it did not wait 1,900 years for Mrs.
Brown. Surely it will not leave off after
curing Mrs. Brown. Such partiality would
be scandalous.
Let us keep Anne's arm-bone busy. If any
one can tell us where the rest of her bones are,
we must go after them. If her arm-bone is so
miraculous in its power, what may we not ex
pect from her skull, or her shoulderblade, or
her thigh-bone, or her spinal column?
I hope the big city papers will keep up the
excitement about this matter. If Mrs.
Brown’s eyesight was restored by a touch of
Anne’s a rm-bone, there is no reason in the
world why Senator Gore should not be blessed
in the same way; no reason why blindness
cannot be banished from the world, the asy
lums emptied, and a hallelujah of ecstatic joy,
breaking from the lips of those who were blind
but whose curse has been lifted, should not
girdle the earth in one radiant circle of grati
tude and bliss.
ISI i«] (SI
McLendon THE Goat
Capricornus, the William goat, holds a con
spicuous place among the signs of the zodiac,
—likewise in the affairs of men.
Did you ever know a man who did not ex
plain his own failures by laying the blame
on somebody else ? It is human nature to find
a scape-goat.
Bishop Haygood (so my friend, the Rev.
Frank Eaks, once told me) was prone to re
late the anecdote of the old negro slave whose
business it was to look after the stock, and to
make the fire for his “Marster” to get up by.
One morning, old Jake was in the boss’ room
early and was slamming the doors, banging
the chairs, and clattering with the shovel and
tongs at such a rate that his master called out,
from the bed, —
“Look here, Jake, what on earth’s the mat
ter?”
In a truculent and deeply offended tone, the
privileged darkey replied,—
“I left the lot gate open last night, and all
the sheep got out, — and Pm mad with you
about it!”
The great and good Bishop thought that
this little anecdote was very illustrative of
human nature. If he were alive today, and
informed of the goings on in Atlanta, he
would relate the story at least one more time.
The big and beautiful Hoke is threshing
around at a great rate, blocking legislative
business and arousing all sorts of angry pas
sions, because he left the lot gate open and
(continued on page twelve)
PAGE NINE