PAGE TWELVE
A PAGE FROM PLUTARCH.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
after having heated it, they quenched
it in vinegar to make it brittle and im
malleable and consequently unfit for any
other service. In the next place, he put
down unprofitable and superfluous arts;
if he had not indeed done this, most of
them would have fallen of themselves,
when the new money took place, as the
manufactures could not be disposed of.
Their iron coin would not pass in the
rest of Greece, but was ridiculed and
despised so that the Spartans had no
means of purchasing any foreign or cu
rious wares, neither did any merchant
ship unload in their harbors.
“There were not even to be found in
their whole country either sophists, wan
dering fortune-tellers, keepers of infa
mous houses, or dealers in gold and sil
ver trinkets, because there was no
money. Thus luxury, losing by degrees
the means by which it is cherished and
supported, died away of itself.”
Plutarch proceeds to relate that Ly
curgus likewise decreed that the people
should all eat together in public. Fifteen
persons were assigned to each table, and
thus the entire population of Sparta
“messed” together.
Each of the fifteen persons composing
the ‘ “mess” contributed monthly one
bushel of meal, eight gallons of wine, five
pounds of cheese, two and a half pounds
of figs, and a little money to buy flesh
and fish.
Not only did they eat in common, but
the sleeping was very much in common,
also. The paternity of children became
doubtful.
Here, therefore, was an experiment in
Socialism, 870 years before Christ.
Sparta, under this Socialistic system,
enjoyed a national youth of vigor and
virtue —just as Athens, Thebes, Macedo
nia. Media, Persia, Assyria, Egypt and
Rome did, — without the Socialistic fea
tures.
The youth of each nation presents
much the same features, no matter what
the form of government may be.
As Sparta grew rich, she threw off So
cialism, and developed individualism. Her
greatest pre-eminence in Grecian affairs
and her greatest achievement both in
war and peace were accomplished after
she had discarded Socialism.
Her old age and political death were
marked by the same features which ail
other exhausted peoples have shown.
Even as compared to the other Grecian
states. Macedonia excelled her in the
arts of war, while Athens was immeasura
bly her superior in the arts of peace.
M * U
Honor 'Roll.
I. G. Dorsey, Lovejoy, Ga.
G. R. Watson, Moultrie, Ga.
S. G. Childs, Timpson, Tex.
T. C. Neville, West Union, S. C.
A. O. Colvin, Alexton, La.
R. G, Hays, Cold Water, Tenn.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
J. W. Wirth, Braddock, N. D.
C. T. Carson, Limp, S. C.
(To be continued.)
* n «
‘Borrowed Honey.
Under this sub-title appears a very, in
teresting paragraph in the Report just
made to the Governor of Georgia by the
State Treasurer, Robert E. Park.
It appears that on the 15th of October
the Governor found it necessary to bor
row money from the banks. The Treas
urer states that this money was obtained
upon excellent terms from the banks of
Atlanta, Macon. Savannah and Columbus.
The notes given for these loans were pay
able December 15. At that date, how
ever, the State Treasury was still in “a
very depleted condition.” Therefore the
Governor renewed the notes for thirtv
days. Mr. Park states that “the banks
were exceedingly generous and patriotic
in making these loans and in extending
theni.”
These notes thus renewed fall due “on
the 15th of January (1908),” and the
Treasurer stated, in his report for the
year ending December 31, 1907, that the
notes can then “be met without incon
venience to the State, or any necessity
for further renewal.”
Among the banks from which the Gov
ernor borrowed money was the Neal
Bank, of Atlanta. The amount was $50,-
000.
Turning to another part of the Treas
urer’s Report, we find it stated that the
'Neal Bank, in October, 1907, united with
other banks in Atlanta, constituting the
Atlanta Clearing House Association, “in
issuing Clearing House Certificates more
than $1,835,000.” On the 21st of Decem
ber, 1907, there was a run on the Neal
Bank and it collapsed.
Among the depositors who were caught
by the failure of the Neal Bank was the
State of Georgia. The amount for which
the State was caught was $200,000.
Now, here is a queer kettle of fish.
The State had a note due to the Neal
Bank for borrowed money, payable De
cember 15. On that date it renewed the
note for one month. Six days later the
Neal Bank fails, and among the deposit
ors who are caught is the State. Gover
nor Hoke Smith had just renewed the
$50,000 note which the State owed to the
Neal Bank for borrowed money. Is it
possible that so large a sum as $200,000
of the State’s money was dumped into
the Neal Bank between December 15th
and December 21st?
We very much regret that Treasurer
Park did not, in his Report, state just
when it was that the State’s money to
the amount of $200,000 went into this
rotten bank. We certainly think that
Governor Smith and Treasurer Park both
owe the taxpayers of Georgia an expla
nation,
Hearst and His Copyrighted League.
Having got tricked in his famous deal
with Murphy, and sand-bagged in his al
liance with the Republicans, Mr. Hearst
is, for the moment, an Independent once
more.
The Independence League —which has
more of everything else than of inde
pendence, has been allowed to meet
again—this time in Chicago —and it
squatted patiently as the dog does in the
advertisement of the phonograph, and
heard its master’s voice, once again.
Mr. Hearst, as we learn from his latest
deliverance to his faithful League, is still
in favor of the Ten Commandments, and
is the firm friend of a Republican form
of Government.
He is just as bitterly opposed to. the
use of money in political campaigning as
he has ever been, and Max Ihmsen is
supposed to be dying of grief.
Unalterably in love with the present
banking system which is, indeed, the best
on earth, Mr. Hearst renews his demands
that the money issued by the Government
must flow to those heavenly institutions.
Determined to please Harriman and the
Spreckles crowd, Mr. Hearst boldly de
mands a ship subsidy.
Concerning which we have a serious
word to say.
Those who need a ship subsidy are the
Privileged, the beneficiaries of Class Leg
islation, the Trusts which gorge them
selves upon ill-gotten gains.
In order that we may enable the Manu
facturing Class to enjoy a Monopoly at
home while they undersell the foreign
Manufacturer in the foreign market, we
have put a fictitious, unnatural value to
the materials out of which ships are built.
Consequently it costs more to build a
ship in the United States than anywhere
else in the world.
Now our Navigation laws will not al
low the national flag to protect an Ameri
can vessel unless that vessel is built in the
United States.
Result:
The foreigner has come with his cheap
er vessel and borne off our carrying trade.
Our infernal Tariff and Navigation
laws have driven our flag from the seas,
by making it impossible for the American
Merchant to buy his ship abroad, or to
build one at home on such terms as will
enable him to compete with the foreign
built ship.
Isn’t that plain enough, when you stop
to think it over?
What is the Ship Subsidy Bill?
Why, it is to be a law, made by Con
gress, requiring that the Government
shall, in effect, take money out of the
National Treasury to make good to the
sea merchant the difference between the
foreign and home price of the ship.
That’s the gist of it, my son.
At your expense, the government has
created the Trust which makes it im
possible for an American to build a ship