merce Commission, it brought a powerful influ
ence to the aid of the advocates of a Parcels
Post, for in no more forcible way can there
be emphasized the timeliness of such a service
than the big profits the express monopoly has
made as revealed by law.
The recent dividend of twenty per cent
that the Adams Express Company declared is
an instance of it. One paper commenting on
this dividend says:
Now, when the express company’s custom
ers complain of excessive charges and the
Interstate Commerce Commission listen sym
pathetically we may expect able attorneys to
protest that any interference with rates will
amount to confiscation. How can a poor cor
poration, which knew nothing but prosperity
under private control but is now mortgaged
up to the last dollar, pay interest on its stock
and bond* if th® government compels it to
reduce rates? Such attacks on property un
dermine public confidence, drive capital into
hiding and subvert society. They bring the
worthy working man to the door of destitu
tion. If only to save him and his widow and
orphans from a horrible death by slow starva
tion, the Adams. Express Company’s rates
must remain untouched.
Os course the mere fact that its finances
were cleverly manipulated at the last hour
to create a fraudulent effect does not alter the
case. There is the best railroad authority that
excessive capitalization does not affect rates,
and also that rates must be kept where they
are in order that corporations may manage
to meet their payments due to over-capitali
zation.
But the Adams Express Company has not
taken this unusual action except for reasons
best known to itself and equally apparent to
the average mind when reference is made to
this in a section of the Hepburn rate law. Ac
cording to this section:
Express companies, as well as sleeping-car
companies, are declared "common carriers”
and all common carriers were directed by
law to report on June 20 of each year in de
tail. For the first time, therefore, the com
panies will have to tell the amount of capital
stock, surplus fund, if any, and the number of
stockholders: the funded and floatins: debts;
cost and value of carriers’ property, fran
chises, equipment, and details of balance of
profit and loss.
These detailed reports must contain all the
required statistics for the preceding twelve
months, and must be made under oath and
turned over to the Interstate Commerce Com
mission not later than September 30.
Now, what does the Adams Express Com
pany do? It sets aside with a New York trust
company $24,000,000 in bonds in which, after
paying handsome dividends for years, it has
invested its surplus earnings, and against
these securities, issues forty-year four per
cent collateral bonds. These bonds are to be
distributed among the shareholders, each of
whom will receive twice the sum in bonds of
the amount of stock he holds. In 1898 the
Adams Express Company distributed $12,000,-
000 accumulated surplus in the same way, in
addition to regular dividends. In nine years,
besides earning and distributing good divi-
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
dends, the company has piled up $36,000,000.
Another paper referring to this says:
The substantial fact indicated in the case
of the Adams Express Company is that the
profits of its business have been such that it
is now able virtually to pay a dividend of 20
per cent on its stock, but it has invested a
large part of these earnings and prefers as a
matter of form to distribute three-fifths of
its income in interest on bonds, which do not
represent borrowed money or capital paid in,
but earnings. In this form they become a
fixed charge upon the business, though the
income from the pledged securities is expect
ed to afford the means of paying the interest.
Os course it is impertinent to suggest that
perhaps express charges ought to have been
lower instead of such an accumulation of prof
its. The express companies long learned the
trick of dividing their field of operation and
making contracts with railroads so that each
had a practical monopoly and was able to
maintain its rate®, content all claims for loss
and injury to property and be quite incon
siderate of shippers who bad no choice of
companies with which to deal. Until now they
have been quite free from regulation and su
pervision and come under the jurisdiction of
the Interstate Commerce Commission as com
mon carriers pretty “well fixed.”
What a monopoly the express companies
have enjoyed for years has been superficially
known, but it is very forcibly impressed upon
students of the Parcels Post problem by the
illuminating melon cutting of the Adams Ex
press Company.
With these big dividend payments as a
matter of public record the express companies
can not very well go Congress and fight
against a Parcels Post bill on the pretense
that the government can not carry parcels
cheaper than they can and with the further
argument that it would materially increase
the postoffice deficit. This sort of buncombe,
by which they have succeeded in the past in
forestalling favorable action, will no longer
have any effect, for their own figures of profit
will disprove such assertions. The day of the
Parcels Post in this country is near at hand.
Senator Platt’s usefulness in the senate is
drawing to an end. He can no longer serve
his masters, the express companies, in
smoothing legislation against them in the
committee room.
If you want a safe investment for small
amounts of money, write for full information
about our ten dollar bonds. They are fully
guaranteed and will pay you seven per cent
interest. THOB. E. WATSON,
Thomson, Ga.
FOUND!
One of the best Commission Houses for you
to ship your Peaches, Pears, Watermelons,
Lopes, and everything in this line to. Write
them today. They are
HEWITT & COMPANY.
10 East Camden St. Baltimore, Md.
nnif cured; quick relief: removes all swell-
11 If 11 V V insr in Bto 20 days: 30 to GO days effects
1# I 111 a/J 1 permanent cure. Trial treatment given
free to sufferers: nothing fairer. For
circulars, testimonials and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN'S SONS, Box K, Atlanta, Ga.
“Mr. Bryan will soon go to the White
House to stay longer than three days,” says
the Birmingham Age-Herald. This is the first
intimation that President Roosevelt has invit
ed Mr. Bryan to come down and be his guest
for a week or more. —Claremont (Virginia)
Herald.
TAPESTRY
PAINTING.
200 Beautiful Tapestry Paintings by the Most
Eminent Artists in the World to Select
From.
We can show you effects produced with
Tapestry Paintings, properly selected and
placed, NEVER before shown.
SCHOOL.
We have the finest Tapestry, Painting School
on earth. It is open every business day in the
year under the supervision of Prof. Mature.
LESSONS.
We give SIX three-hour LESSONS for $5.
W© RENT to patrons beautifully painted
Tapestries for STUDIES
TAPESTRY MATERIAL.
We manufacture and keep the largest and
best line of Tapestry material in the WORLD,
at PRICES most reasonable.
DRAWINGS.
We make DRAWINGS and enlarge them to
any size desired, either on Paper or Tapestry
Material ready for painting, from any subject
given us, guaranteeing absolute perfection.
CATALOG.
We have an illustrated catalog containing
over 500 Tapestry Painting subjects, gotten up
at a cost of thousands of dollars, and sold for
$1 a copy. We, however, have arranged to send
the readers of this Magazine (if name of mag
azine is sent), a catalog for the postage (ten
cents) or FREE on receipt of order for TWO
yards or more of Tapestry Material. We also
carry a full line of Paints, Brushes, Pallets,
Rest-sticks; Pantographs, and Photographic
STUDIES; any size; black and wnite, or hand
colored.
• We extend to all artists visiting our city at
any time who are interested in this line of
work a CORDIAL invitation to make our Studio
their headquarters, where they may receive
their mail and do their corresponding.
MATURO-WHEELER CO.,
36 West 27th St., between 6th Ave. and Broad
way, New York City, N. Y.
Phone 2508 Madison Square.
FOR SALE CHEAP
One 70-saw Winship gin, condenser, and
feeder; one 5 1-2 inch pin self-tramping press;
shafting, belting and pulleys complete; in good
condition; 12-horsepower engine and boiler, all
in good running condition. Will sell engine
separate, or other parts separate, or all to
gether, to suit purchaser. Machinery is at
Alto, Ga. Correspond with S. J. Duffee, 425
Hiawassee Ave., Athens, Ga.
Laurel Mills Manufacturing Co.
Roswell, Cobb County, Georgia
WR EXCHANGE
CLOTH FOR WOOL
Send for samples and prices.
AGENTS WANTED on liberal terma.
PAGE SEVEN