HE WAS QUALIFIED.
“In that crisis,’’ said a theatrical manager,
speaking of a stage blundef he had committed,
“I made a mistake, as queer a mistake as
one that was made by a friend of mine, a
clergyman.
“The clergyman had advertised for a but
ler, and the next morning after breakfast a
well dressed, clean shaven young man in
black was ushered into his study.
“ ‘Name, please V said the clergyman.
“ ‘Hilary Arbuthnot, sir.’
“ ‘Age?’
“ ‘Twenty-eight.’
“ ‘What work have you been accustomed
co?’
“ ‘I am a lawyer, sir.’
“The clergyman started. This was odd.
However, as he knew, many were called in the
law. few chosen.
“ ‘But,’ he said, ‘do you understand the
conduct of a household?’
“ ‘ln* a general way, yes,’ murmured the
applicant.
‘ ' ‘ Can you carve ? ’
‘ ‘Yes.’*
“ ‘Wash glass and silver?’
“ ‘l—er —think so.’ The young man seemed
embarrassed. He frowned and blushed. Just
then the clergyman’s wife entered
“‘Are you married?’ was her first ques
tion.
“ ‘That,’ said the young man, ‘was what I
called to see your husband about, madam. I
desire to know if he can make it convenient
to officiate at my wedding at noon next
Thursday week.’ ’’
Statesmen who want to remain in public
life are careful not to make any eighteen-hour
speeches at home. —Washington Post.
Spectacles
O. GIVEN "*W*Y O
gFI J
“ft v *t"Sk’n!) NY. 4s»’ ! *- /
« : i i’ HV ust me your name
£<■ I mSw address and I will mail you at once
| - my Free Home Eye Tester and full par-
"f SSH cu^ars how to obtain a pair of my handsome ten karat RO l Ml 6 ?l>
Spectacles without one cenfr of cost.
You see, I want to prove to every spectacle-wearer on earth ]
that the Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision Spectacles are really
5 and truly ever so much better than any you have ever worn before
= —and* lam going to give away at least one hundred-thousand pairs
a® of the Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision ten karat Spectacles
nex t f° w weeks, in order to introduce my wonderful glasses
the largest number of spectacle-wearers in the shortest
possible time.
o wlffltjSßgS Write today for my Free Home Eye Tester and ten karat
2 Spectacle Offer. Address:—
•“ MHE DR. HAUX SPECTACLE CO, Block 318 St. Louis, Mo.
I ALSO WANT A FEW AGENTS
any P 678011 n °t earning at least SSO weekly should ask for my
Special Agents Terms at once.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
THE PAPER TRUST INVESTIGATION.
Tn the congressional committee investigation
of the wood pulp and print paper question
yesterday it developed that some of the great
newspapers decline to give the committee the
facts in regard to the contracts they have
with paper companies. Chairman Mann stated
that a majority of the large papers are disin
clined to furnish necessary information upon
which the committee can base conclusions.
This seems to imply that some of the greatest
newspaper plants have special contracts for
paper at prices so much lower than the average
price paid by other papers the disclosure of
these special prices would be embarrassing.
Os course it is to be expected that a con
cern which consumes a vast amount of paper
should be able to secure a better price upon
a regular contract than a small consumer,
but if it were shown to the committee that
some of the largest newspapers either alone
or by combination with other papers get a
price which would justify the charge of unjust
discrimination in prices by the paper trust
that phase of the question might call for a
reform and correction that would not be
desired by the • beneficiaries of such discrimi
nation. In any event what should be done is
to take the duty off wood pulp and print
paper. This would relieve the situation to an
extent that would make other problems of the
situation easier of solution. —Nashville
Banner.
A New York Socialist organ savs Mr. Debs
has never been “defeated,’’ although twice
“outvoted.” If that’s the case, Debs can run
indefinitely without losing any sleep over the
fear of defeat. —Washington Post.
Neuralgia
Pains
Are the result of an
abnormal condition of
the more prominent nerve
branches, caused by con
gestion, irritation, or dis
ease. If you want to re
lieve the pain try Dr. Miles
Anti-Pain Pills. They
often relieve when every
thing else fails. They
leave no disagreeable
after-effects. Just a
pleasurable sense of re
lief. Try them.
*‘l have neuralgia headache right
over my eyes, and I am really afraid
that my eyes will burst. I also have
neuralgia pain around my heart. I
have been taking Dr. Miles’ Anti-
Pain Pills recently and find they re
lieve these troubles quickly. I seldom
find it necessary to take more than
two tablets for complete relief.”
MRS. KATHERINE BARTON
1117 VaHey St, Carthage, Mo.
“I have awful spells of neuralgia
and have doctored a great deal with
out getting much benefit. For the
last two years I have been taking
Dr. Mlles’ Anti-Pain Pills and they
always relieve me. I have been so
bad with neuralgia that I sometimes
thought I would go crazy. Sometimes
it is necessary to take two of them,
but never more and they are sure to
relieve me.” MRS. FERRIER,
2434 Lynn St., Lincoln, Neb.
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Anti-
Pain Pills, and we authorize him to
return the price of first package (only)
If it falls to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind
FirfcAflHV cured; quick relief; removes all awell
-11 |f 11 Ir V Y in# In Bto 20 days; 30 to 60 days effects
gjJ V1 J 1 permanent cure. Trial treatment given
free to sufferers; nothing fairer. For
circulars, testimonials and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, &6x K. Atlanta. Ga.
in POST CAROS 17017 W
JLv And Your Name * AgLALJCj
In our Post Card Exchange, if you send ten
cents for three months’ subscription to The
Rural Georgian, The Great Department Month
ly. You will be pleased. THE RURAL GEOR
GIAN, Gainesville, Ga.
Bound Volumes
Jeffersonian Magazine
Vol. 1, first 6 months, - $1.50
Vol. 2, second ‘6 months, 1.25
Both together -' - - 2.50
The Jeffersonians
THOMSON. GA.
PAGE ELEVEN