PAGE EIGHT
Clje 3effersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered stt Postofiice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. 14 July 29, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
Is There No Limit to Federal
Taxation and Extravagance?
In 1845, Robert J. Walker was Secretary of
the Treasury of the United States. As such,
he submitted to Congress an official report on
the national finances. This statement shows
that for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1845,
the income of the Government was not quite
thirty million dollars, and the outgo less than
that sum, by a lew thousands.
The entire amount that the foreigner paid
at the custom house for the privilege of sell
ing his goods in this country, was not quite
twenty-eight million dollars. Calculating
that the American manufacturers got five dol
lars out of the consumers of the country (a
low estimate) where the Government got one
dollar from the foreigner, we have the sum of
$168,000,000 as the total of tariff tribute paid
by the people in 1845.
At this writing, Congress is wrangling over
a tariff bill which proposes to tax us for three
hundred million dollars; and when we allow
for the fact that the American manufacturers
will plug us for five dollars every time the
Government hits us for one, you will see that
our tribute to the blessed Protective System
will be raised to at least eighteen hundred
million dollars per year.
In 1845, the population of the United States
was about twenty-four millions. Today, it is
supposed to be 90,000,000. Look back at the
figures and you will be startled to notice that
your national taxes have been keyed up from
less than a dollar and a half per head, to more
than ten dollars per head, —for the regular an
nual expenditures of the Federal Government
have reached the billion dollar mark.
It has been little more than two generations
since our expenses were only $29,000,000 per
year, and today we expend five times that
much on the navy alone.
Congress is the confiscatory agency through
which the producers of wealth are deprived
of their surplus. As Senator Bacon of Geor
gia said, in the course of a speech in the Sen
ate, during the extra session:
"In the former day of arbitrary rule, some centuries
ago, the men in authority then undisguisedly despoiled
the people of their property and gave it to a few fa
vorites. In this day the protective system, through the
thinly veiled forms of law, does the same thing. In
that day, and at a still later period, one of the most
odious forms of oppression, through which the people
were plundered, was in granting to a few favorites mo
nopolies in the necessaries of life, thus giving to those
favorites the opportunity and the power to wring from
the people the payment of extortionate prices for those
things without which they could not exist. In our
boasted free government, with our much vaunted equal
ity of right, our protective tariff law in greater or
less degree, practically places within the power of
comparatively a few men, so far as conditions make it
possible, the monopolistic control of all the things re
quired for the business, the comfort, and the susten
ance of the people, thus enabling them to exact and
collect extortionate prices for those necessary articles.”
That is the case, in a nutshell. Senator Ba
<con proceeded to show that the loot divided
;;imong the governmental favorites is $200,000,-
QOO yearly, and asked, “Who pays this enor-
3effersouian
mous tribute to the pets of the Federal Gov
ernment?” The answer is, that we, the peo
ple, pay it.
With the expenses of the Government
climbing upward all the time, and with the
tribute levied by the pets growing more stu
pendous at every change of the tariff law,
what sort of future are we preparing for our
children ?
Already, they have promised the insatiable
national bankers another bait of bonds. Al
ready, it is practically conceded that nobody
can expect the Panama Canal to cost less than
a billion dollars. Already they are squander
ing as much money in the Phillippines as the
whole Government expended in the time of
your grandfather.
Where is it to end ? Unless you, the men of
the rank and file, rouse yourselves, inform
yourselves, emancipate yourselves, our repub
lic is doomed.
Arouse yourselves, from what? From your
guilty, disgraceful indifference to your civic
duties.
Inform yourselves, of what ? Os your pub
lic business and the doings of the men who
pretend to represent you.
Emancipate yourselves, from what? From
your absurd and calamitous servility to party
names and partisan prejudice.
As long as you give less attention to the
law-making than to any other matter, the
laws will continue to be what the rival inter
ests want them to be. So long as you leave
your legislative agent unwatched, said agent
will go the way of all other unwatched agents.
So long as you sanction the slips, the failures,
the frauds, the wrong-doing of a political
party because of its name, so long will you be
mistreated by that party.
The people complain of high prices. The
'cost of living goes up and up, and we rail at
the Trusts.
Those high prices which cause you to grunt
or swear every time you buy anything, are the
Federal taxes, which your Congressmen put
upon you. That increased cost of living is
the burden your Federal Government throws
upon you. The Trusts rob you, because Con
gress gave them a license to do it. The men
who organize corporations and combine them
into monopolies, are very ‘human and very
practical. They go to Washington and look
after legislation. The kind of laws they want
are those which will shut out competition and
leave at the mercy of the Trust those who
have to sell to it and buy from it.
While you are hard at work sowing grain
or planting cotton, your Congressmen are
busy framing the legislation which will enable
the T rusts to rob you of the fruits of your
toil. Every ravenous combination of capital
has been in Washington to control the mak
ing of the new tariff bill. They figure, down
to a gnat’s heel, what they need in the way of
special favors. They know, to a fraction,
what is necessary to the preservation of their
monopoly. This they demand, and this they
get. J hey stay right there in Washington,
until they do get it.
Who thinks of you, the common man ? Who
looks after your interest in Washington?
Who brings to bear upon Congress the pres
sure of the people,—the millions of producers
who will be robbed by these infamous laws?
Nobody.
Southern Congressmen sat silent while the
villainous Ryan-Duke Tobacco Trust got the
laws which provoked Night-riding. Some of
these Southern Democrats helped the Ryan-
Duke robbers to get the laws. Ryan, you
know, is a boss Democrat who financed Par
ker’s nomination, and he carried the Virginia
delegation to the Convention in his private
car.
Night-riding scared the Ryan-Duke rascals,
and the law which provoked it has been re
pealed.
Would you care to have my honest opinion
as to when the heartless exploitation of the
Trusts and the wicked extravagance of the
Federal Government are going to be checked ?
When the Night-riding spirit, THE
FIGHTING TEMPER OF 1776, gets a good
arim grip on “We, thepeople' 1 11.' 1 .
Kind Words for the Socialists
Some of our correspondents were indignant
because of the editorial which dealt with the
Appeal to Reason’s attack on the white fire
men. In fact, a few of the letters written
the Jeffersonian about that editorial are so
wrathy and vituperative that they might have
emanated from zealots of foreign missions.
Now, let us keep cool and discuss Socialism
as we would the nebular hypothesis. To lose
our tempers and fling flouts around, is not the
best way to get at the truth of any matter.
(1) Man is a home-loving animal, and
while polygamous by nature clings to monog
amy as one of the restraints necessary to good
morals, mental progress, Christian civiliza
tion. He is likewise a born egotist, self
willed, self-assertive, self-centered, selfish to
the very core, —and with an instinct for lib
erty of action that is so elemental, eternal, in
destructible that every normal man hates a
boss.
Isn’t all of that true ? Don’t you know that
it is?
Then how can human nature ever reconcile
itself to Socialism ?
The land and all instrumentalities of pro
duction are to be owned in common. What
would be left to private, individual owner
ship ?
Practically nothing. What becomes of the
home-loving man? He is a tenant-at-will,
moving about from house to house, under
some plan of allotment, but he never owns his
home.
And there is where Socialist apostles de
ceive the farmers of Texas, Oklahoma and
other agricultural states. These home-loving
people are taught that Socialism allows a man
to own a home.
That is utterly untrue. The very gist of the
doctrine is the collective ownership of land
and the machinery of production.
You can see at once that if Socialism allow
ed each citizen to own, by individual title, a
home of his own, society would be compelled
to adopt the same system of land titles that
we now have. To permit the citizen to own
his home, carries with it the right to decide
for himself where that home shall be, and
how much land he needs for dwelling, yard,
lot, pasture and field.
Any sort of individual proprietorship in the
earth, is at deadly war with the theory of So
cialism.
Socialist agitators who are honest, and who
understand their own system, will tell you so.
.(?) Socialism destroys individual
initiative, individual choice of work, individ
ual selection of place of abode, individual en
joyment of the fruits of toil. Under Social
ism, some one else would say where you must
labor, what kind of employment you shall
take. There would necessarily be Boards of
Direction and Control, and everybody would
have to obey them. You might want to plow
the corn, but the Board could send you to dig
a ditch or clean a sewer. You might feel
called to the literary life, but the Board could
order you to the mine, or mill, or shop.
Under Socialism, certain work would be as
signed to certain laborers. The individual
would have no say-so about it. His prefer
ence would count for nothing.
Could any tyranny be more galling ? Is not
such a system at war with human nature? A
dead level of equality would prevail: the nat
ural aristocracy of Talent and Worth would
be no incentive to enterprise, no bugle-call to
ambition, no motive to develop, beautify, im
prove, invest; all systems of rewarding merit
and recognizing superiority would have dis
appeared, and the main-spring which keeps
the hands moving forward on the clock of
Progress would have been broken.