Orphan Hilly and Holv He Found a Mother
By Maud Walker
A year before this story opens a
earload of orphan children were sent
from a great Eastern city to the Far
West. These little homeless, and for
the most part nameless, waifs were
distributed jabout among farmers in
various states west of the Mississippi
River. iSome of them found good
homes, others were not so fortunate.
Among the latter was Billy* the sub
ject of this story. He was nine years
old at the time of his being “shipped
West/’ and he had no other name
than Billy. This little pet name had
been found pinned to his dress on the
morning when a policeman picked him
up in one of the public city parks.
And on the paper that gave his name
as “Billy” was written these words:
“Somebody be good to my little boy,
Billy, and God in heaven will bless
you.” But so far that “somebody”
had not been found, and Billy’s lot
had been a pretty hard one. In the
asylum where he had lived prior to
his being “shipped West” he had
known only severity and work. The
little time that he and other orphans
were allowed to play was after work
and study hours, and then they were
too tired to make joyful use of their
leisure and preferred to lie about on
the hard soil of the uninviting play
ground, with its jail-like high fence,
and rest their tired limbs. And lying
there they would wonder if in some
other world they would have papas
and mammas, like other children —-
children of the great big outside world.
So often these little orphans would
watch with wonder the “other chil
dren” going past the asylum, and a
cry fßould sometimes burst from their
lips and tears spring to their eyes as
they compared their own desolate life
with those care-free and happy chil
dren on “the outside.”
And Billy had been one of the little
mourners, for these heavy-hearted or
phans could hardly be called anything
else. And when one day the news
spread throughout the asylum that
about 50 of its inmates were to be
“shipped West” Billy was one of the
first to cry out: “Oh, let me be one
of them! I want to go to —to —a
home.”
And Billy was one of those chosen
to be sent to the farmers living in
the Far West, and he dreamed of the
time when he would not wear clothes
just like the other orphans, but would
have a nice Sunday - suit, like the
“outside boys.” And for every day
he would dress dike the grocer’s deliv
ery boy who came to the asylum, and
who was so red-cheeked and merry,
and who dressed in blue overalls and
gingham shirt, and who whistled such
lively tunes as he drove up to the
grounds.
And with a light heart, Billy was
earned far away towards the setting
sun. And with a still lighter heart
he was told Jwk was going to a place
where a man and his wife kept a lit
tle railroad station eating-house, awliy
over the mountains, near Salt Lake
City. And this man and woman were
to be his parents, for they had no
children of their own.
But after the first hour in his new
home, Billy was sick for the loveless
asylum. His new “mother” was a
cold, sharp-tongued woman, tireless in
her work and tireless in making Billy
work also. And the new “father”
was a red-nosed man, given to drink,
as Billy afterwards learned. So, .this
was the “home” Billy had not dream
ed of. And his hopes died during the
first hour of his existence there.
And all day long he was alone
with this strange, unaffectionate wo
man and red-nosed man, save for ten
minutes at the noon hour, and ten
minutes again at six o’clock in the
evening, when trains stopped to allow
their passengers to procure sand
wiches, pie, doughnuts and coffee at
the little station eating-house. And
during the ten-minute rush twice a
day Billy was happy, for there were
people, laughing, chatting, bustling
people, eating, drinking as fast as
they could. And Billy helped to wait
on them, work he much enjoyed, for
though tired out from constant toil
in the garden and kitchen, the excite
ment of the crowd made him forget
his weariness.
And so life passed on and on in
the lonely place with the woman
✓ whom he could not can mother, and
the man whom he could not call fath
er. But as neither of these “new
parents” seemed to care about what
he called them, so that he did his
work well, he was not corrected when
he addressed them as Aunt Jane and
Uncle Tom. “I may find a mother
some day,” he would whisper to him
, self. “A good woman that will love
me for my o.wn sake, and not just
feed and clothe me for the work I
do. Oh, how I want to be loved like
the outside children!” (Billy had
never ceased speaking of children who
were not orphans as “outside chil
dren ”).
The people who had given Billy a
home expressed their intention of
adopting him to the law,
thus giving him a child’s claim on
them and their property, but they had
put this matter off from month to
month, and after a year’s sojourn
with them Billy was still the un
named orphan boy, having no lawful
claim on anybody or anything. But
being so young he did not realize
the wrong these people were doing
him. He did not know that they were
to adopt him as their own son —some
time. He had been told this by the
asylum officials. But as they did not
seem in any great hurry to carry out
that part of their contract, Billy did
not bother himself about it. Indeed,
sometime he hoped they would never
adopt him by law, for then he would
not belong to them entirely. And so
long as the adoption had not taken
place he felt a sort of freedom —felt
that if the opportunity presented it-,
self he might leave the station eating
house and the unlikable Aunt Jane
and Uncle Tom, and hunt for a home
elsewhere.
At last, however, there came a day
which Billy would never forget in
all his life to come, even though he
lived to be a hundred years old. It
was a cold November day, and the
wind swept across the sandy desert,
carrying a breath from the snow-cap
ped mountains that hemmed them in.
Except for the little five-acre irri
gated garden which belonged to the
proprietors there was not
Jeffersonian
a spear of grass nor sprig of weed
.to be seen for ten miles in any direc
tion. And the desolation of the fall
and winter time was much harder for
Billy to bear than it had been during
the summer. When it was garden
time he could find plenty to do out
of doors; but with the cold weather
his “Aunt Jane” kept him busy in
the kitchen under her cold eyes. But
on this day of which I speak the
evening train was obliged to stop for
half an hour at the station, for there
was a “hot box,” and the train could
not pull out until some work was done
to the heated wheel.
As Billy paused in front of one of
the windows —which was open—a
sweet-faced woman put out her hand
to him. “Come here, little man,” she
said. And when Billy stepped close
to her window, looking up into her
kind face, smiling, she handed him a
great yellow orange.
“Do you live here, little man?” she
asked, smiling down on him.
“Yes’m, I live here with the gen
tleman and lady who-keep the eating
house,” replied Billy. “But they’re
not my mother and father,” he quick
ly explained, for he feared she had
seen “Aunt Jane” and “Uncle
Tom,” and he could not bear to have
her think he was their child. Then
he added, “I haven’t any mother or
father, I am an orphan, an’ was ship
ped West a year ago. Since then
I’ve lived here, ma’am.”
“And have you a good home, dear
child? And do you love the lady and
gentleman with whom you live?”
There was so much sympathy in her
voice, so much solicitude, that Billy’s
eyes glistened with tears. He dared
not try to speak, so he shook his head.
Then, thinking -he had done something
wrong, ran down the station platform
toward the engine.
Once outside the glare of light of
the car windows, Billy stood panting,
tears streaming down his cheeks. How
heavy his heart was! The few kind
words spoken to him by the gentle
voiced lady in the car had roused all
the longing in him for someone to
love, and someone to love him in re
turn. Ah, how he could love that
dear lady who had spoken so sweetly
to him, and who had given him the
big orange! Oh, if he only dared —
Then a plan unfolded itself in his
mind. But it was a plan he feared
to follow out. But why should he?
There was nothing to lose and every
thing to gain. He would be as well
off anywhere as here. There was no
hope of anything better happening t<>
him while he remained a drudge for
the cold-hearted, thankless man and
eTHE GREATEST BARGAIN EVER
We are going to send 5,000 of these embroidery outfits to the first 5,000 persons
asking for them merely at cost of handling, They contain 6 Linen Doilies, with
silk to complete: 1 Linen Collar and Cuff Set; 6 packages special Embroider}
Needles. All first quality. We will send Farm News, the Biggest little paper in the
world for the farm home, on trial four months (or 8 cents. Send 7 cents for the
dollies and 8 cents for a trial subscription, 15 cents in all. Either offer separately
if desired. \ Address FARM NEWS, 248 Washington St., Springfield, O,
——fflnrn CA QR Wil I RRIMR vnil CQH! '-io introduce our famous sc. Cigars we ofter FKIf.,
FPFF/VjCx Q*TiuJ WILL DnINU IUU all of the following: One $2 Stem Wind and Set EPFEO
’ (C Niekel Wateh,One $lO Stem Wind and Set Gold Filled, Engraved, Full Jeweled Watch,Case Guar- 11 ' U !“nj
anteed 20 Years and Movements Years and One Hollow Ground $3 Raior. All wo ask is IM
your consent to ship 100 “Straight se. Cigars” C. O. D. by express and allow full examina
tion. We include in the same package FREE, the two. Watches and Razor described above.
If you consider the whole outfit worth 120.00 then pay the express agent $4.95 (less than tSK/Z’ii 12-
the retail value of the Cigars alone and he will deliver you the whole lot, otherwise refuse ir I .
same and keep your money. We take all the risk. Return this ad. State if we must send fflfl
Ladies’ or Gents’ watches. Name Express Office. (J. S. CIGAR HOUSE, WIX'STON. N. C.
WARRANTED WAr 2?
woman with whom he now lived. Yes,
better risk anything. If the dear,
good lady should not want him he
could —
Oh, the train was getting ready to
pull out! The engineer was in his
place, the conductor was waving a
lantern in the darkness, the engine
was puffing and the wheels starting
to go round. There was no time for
debating the matter in his.mind. He
must make a quick decision. And he
did. With a leap he was on the front
platform of the first passenger coach,
and not a moment too soon, for al
most at the same instant the porter
closed the vestibuled door and no one
from the outside could enter the mov
ing .train.
It did not take Billy long to run
through the two or three coaches that
separated him from the rear one,
where he had seen and talked with the
lady. And as he walked down the
aisle of the car toward her, his face
pale with anxiety, hope, fear, sue
looked up from a book she was lead
ing and saw him.
In another minute he was sitting
close beside her, weeping silently, her
arm about him and her coaxing voice
in his ear. “Come, little man, tell me
what grieves you, and how you came
to be aboard the train.”
“I want to go with you—l new ,
never want to go back to those pwple
again. They are so hard with me. I
am so miserable. I want to be like
other children —outside children, you
know, and have a home a id —and —a
mother. ’ ’
And as the train sped on through
the darkness, Billy poured out his sad
story to the sympathetic ears of the
lady who had opened her heart, as
well as her arms to receive him. And
before the supper was called she had
said to him: “You ihall be my little
son, for I have none other. And you
shall be made so by law. I shall in
vestigate your connection with these
people back at the station, and if ev
erything is as you say there will be no
reason why I may not takjß you for
my own. And then, my dear little
man —so brave and true —you shall
have the happiness you so richly de
serve —as every child richly deserves.
And now, clear your pretty eyes and
we’ll go to the dining-room and have
a nice supper. Isn’t it a fine thing
that you should have found a mother
just as I found a son?”
And Billy could only look up and
smile into the sweet face of the good
woman who was henceforth to be his
own dear mother. —Birmingham Age-
Herald.
PAGE FIVE