The Ad Man's Galley
By fames Lanier.
At a crowded corner of State street,
Chicago, a picturesque Italian was
turning the crank of a hand-organ,
while his monkey danced and pos
tured, silently. The monkey did not
chatter; the Italian spoke not a word;
the hand-organ emitted no sound.
Sanding amid the roar of the street
and looking at this perform
ance gave one the impression of be
ing deaf. The crowd was interested.
Presently a burly policeman swung
through, and, seeing him, the Italian
pointed to a notice pasted on the
raised top of the organ. He read it
in silence, and swung out again, amid
the cheers of the crowd.
This is what he read: 4 ‘The works
have been removed from this organ,
so that it runs smoothly and pleas
antly, but the relief to the listener
is as nothing compared with the re
lief he will find by using Blank’s
Pills, $1 a box.”
That’s one way of advertising. Mr.
Blank, of Blank’s Pills, reached prob
ably a thousand people who had
enough curiosity to look at the print
ed notice, and not one per cent of
them were even possible customers.
The same amount of ingenuity put
into newspaper or magazine advertis
ing would have brought Mr. Blank
and his pills in touch with a hundred
times as many people, and most of
them might at some time be purchas
ers.
The readers of the two Jefferson
ians today number about two hun
dred thousand, and a well-worded ad
vertisement inserted in both will be
read by all of them. Our rates for
advertising in the Weekly Jefferson
ian are unusually low, from the fact
that we have more readers per copy
than any paper of our class; but we
are now offering a remarkably low
rate for publicity in both Jefferson
ians in order to test out the relative
merits of the two, as mediums for
certain classes of advertising.
We are now going to open a clas
sified page in the Magazine, corres
ponding to the classified column in
the Weekly, and our rate will be two
cents per word in both. You can fig
ure on an average of seven words to
the line, so that for fifty cents you
can insert a small want ad, which
will be read by about 200,000 people.
If you are looking for a position, if
you have anything to sell, if you want
to trade or exchange, if you need help,
send us fifty cents and an advertise
ment of about 20 or 21 words, in
cluding your name and address, and
we will do our best to see that you
get what you are looking for.
Several of our subscribers have
sent us a dollar to give the Jeffer
sonian Magazine to their friends for
one year as a Christmas gift. If you
have overlooked any of your friends at
Christmastide, why not send them the
magazine as a New Year’s gift, begin
ning with the January number? If
you will do this, we will write a nice
little note to the recipient, telling him
or her that the magazine is sent as a
remembrance and conveying your
good wishes for the New Year.
If we are to make a success of the
Jeffersonians and all that they stand
for, this coming year, we must have
your co-operation. Sympathy is a
fine thing, but it does not cover a
multitude of needs. You remember
the old negro song —“All he got was.
sympathee.” We want that, too; but
we need, above all, active and willing
men and women to push the work, to
distribute samples, to take subscrip
tions, to talk up the Jeffersonians
and advertise them all over the coun
try.
The story of the little girl who
picked cotton in order that she might
send her mite to help in the campaign
against injustice and wrong-doing,
should strike an answering chord in
the hearts of all who believe in the
truth of Jeffersonian principles. No
one so poor that they cannot help in
this cause. We will furnish the am-,
munition if you will fire the shots.
If your neighbor cannot spare a dol
lar just now for a year’s subscription,
ask him for a quarter, and we will
send the paper for three months. At
the end of that time, perhaps he can
spare another quarter or half a dollar,
to keep it going. Get all your neigh
bors interested.
Get the boys and girls to go out
and form clubs for our post card of
fer. If they get seven subscriptions
at a quarter apiece, they will get fifty
splendid post cards free, and the
“Trip Around the World” by post
card will be a liberal education to
them. The pictures will carry them
to many a place of interest and bring
before them many a historic scene.
By getting three more subscriptions
they can have another set of fifty
cards, called “A Trip Around the
World with Uncle Sam’s Battle
ships.” This includes a colored view
of each of the battleships, shows the
sailor boys at work and at play, a
map of the route, and an illustration
showing the entire fleet, together with
the name of each battleship.
Each one of the subscribers who
pays a quarter will get twenty beau
tiful post cards free, and their names
will be printed in the Up-to-Date
Post Card Exchange, which has mem
bers all over the world. Don’t you
want to get foreign souvenir post
cards from noted places in Italy, Chi
na, Japan, Russia, South America?
If you do, join this post card ex
change. The cards are reproduced di
rect from photographs, and are the
best of their kind.
The Ad Man wishes you all a Hap
py Christmas and a good New Year,
desiring that you have in mind that
thoughtful phrase of. Stevenson’s:
“I have known what happiness is, for
I have done good work.”
FREE.
Send 12 names and addresses of mu
sic leaders and Sunday School Super
intendents written plainly with pen
and ink, and we will mail you a
copy of our new song book for 1909.
Window of Heaven No. 7. J. B.
Vaughan, Athens, Ga.
3effersonlan
American Cotton and Business University |
AND SCHOOL OF TELEGRAPHY
(Consolidated)
MILLEDGEVILLE, GEORGIA
COTTON: We guarantee to complete any one with good eyesight in 30 days how
to grade, classify, average, ship, buy and sell cotton, and be able to protect themselves
In any first class market. Our sample rooms under expert cotton men. All samples
expressed us graded free. Type samples furnished cotton men cheap.
BOOKKEEPING, and a thorough business education. Shorthand, Penmanship,
Commercial Law, including literary studies.
TELEGRAPHY AND RAILROADING: Under three expert Telegraphers and
Train Dispatchers. Main line railroad wires.
Largest and best equipped college South. W rite for catalogue at once and state
courses wanted.
J. HANSEL DICKINSON and R. L. WALL*
Associate Presidents.
Invest Your Savings
If you have Ten Dollars,
Don’t let it lie idle.
Invest it in a Jeffersonian Bond,
Where it will draw Seven per cent.
Put some money aside for the kids,
Or a little for a rainy day.
These bonds are absolutely safe,
And they pay a high rate of interest.
There is no better investment
In the country to-day
Than a Jeffersonian Bond.
WRITE FOR PARTICULARS
The Jeffersonians
THOMSON, GA.
RENEW! ———
By renewing your subscription to the Weekly
Jeffersonian now you can obtain
A Christmas Gift Free
For One Dollar, the price of this paper, we will
send you the Weekly Jeffersonian for one year, Up-to-
Date Farming for one year, fifty beautiful post cards,
and a membership in the Up-to-Date Post Card Ex
change.
A Trip Around the World
Is the title of these fifty post cards, and remember
that they are all FREE to you if you send us a renewal
or a new subscription to the Weekly Jeffersonian right
away.
THE JEFFERSONIANS. Thomson, Ga.
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes $3.50
Napoleon , 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson . 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics , ... 1.00
’ Sketches from Roman History 50
Waterloo, just published. 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
(Any of. these books can be obtained as premiums for a certain number
of subscriptions. Particulars on application.)
PAGE FIFTEEN