Notice!
Who knows the whereabouts of R.
A. Nobles, better known as Albert?
When last heard from he left Terrell,
Texas, in the fall of 1905; had been
at work at asylum while there. Is
about 5 feet and 10 inches tall,
>l* m I ~
■ ■ JK
~ i
■ ’w’’
R. A. Nobles.
weight 135 or 140 pounds, dark com
plexion, dark hair, dark-brown eyes,
front teeth badly decayed and most
of them out. Goes smooth-shaved
most of the time. Mustache black
when grown out.
Address any information to
R. M. NOBLES,
Shorterville, Henry Co., Ala., R. F
D. No. 2.
The Menace of Venereal Disease
The public has never appreciated
the real gravity of the venereal peril,
and does not appreciate it today.
Physicians themselves have only be
gun to appreciate it. The truth of
the matter is that both by, the laity
and by the profession the whole mat
ter has been treated as a joke. We
do not crack jokes about cholera, or
yellow fever, or plague. The sur
vivors of Messina, as they sat among
their ruined homes, found nothing to
joke about in that awful catastrophe;
yet grown men are perfectly willing
to crack jokes about a subject which
involves the future of the race.
They are satisfied with the most fu
tile precautions against diseases
whose ravages far exceed that of all
the plagues in the world. We joke
with death, but our children and our
children’s children pay the price. Is
blindness a joke? Is permanent
sterility a joke? Is the chronic and
incurable invalidism which over
takes many a fair bride a joke? Are
mutilating and disabling operations
jokes? Is it a joke to bemire the
very fountain of life, and turn a
sparkling fountain into a sullen and
seething mud-hole whence shall is
sue all sorts of creeping and crawl
ing deformities, and misshapen
things of disease and woe?
What is the medical profession
doing to prevent these crimes?—
Nothing.
What is the legislature doing?—
Nothing.
What are the courts doing—Noth
ing.
What are the educational institu
tions doing?—Nothing.
To take up the last question first,
the essential facts of sexual life are
entirely neglected in both home and
school training. Mystery shrouds
the subject from the time the child
asks the first question regarding its
origin until the day when its curi
osity is satisfied in a corner by whis
pering playmates. We begin wrong.
Mystery is. like the night. In its
dark shadows lurks all manner of
evil. In our homes proper answers
are rarely given to questions to
which the children will continue to
seek an answer. Usually they get
the knowledge clandestinely, and
that which was the mystery of their
childhood becomes a thing of dark
ness in the ignorance of their youth.
Parents shun responsibility in this
matter. Not long ago a well-mean
ing and well-conducted journal for
women endeavored to arouse its
readers on this question of informa
tion on sex questions. The articles
were timely, modest, and informing.
The journal was undertaking a nec
essary and most needful task in a
perfectly proper way.
Its course, however, created much
criticism. It appeared that many of
its subscribers, mothers, were per
fectly willing to let their children
pick up the same information on the
streets in a prurient way, but their
delicate sensibilities were shocked
that Maria and Jennie should be
frankly and openly told the facts
concerning the fountain of life.
Their knowledge on these subjects,
these poor women thought, should
be gained clandestinely. Our edu
cational institutions preserve the
same reserve. When does a ship
need the gleam of the lighthouse?—
When it is approaching the rocks.
When does a child need instruction
GALLSTONES.
While Surgeons are still advo
cating an operation as the only cure
for Gallstones, it is now pretty gen
erally recognized that such harsh
and dangerous measures are entire
ly unwarranted except where the im
mediate removal is necessary to save
a life. These instances are very rare.
Os course an operation never did ef
fect a CURE; even where it was suc
cessful, the Gallstones generally
formed again. Cutting out the Gall
stones does not keep them from
forming any more than cutting the
hair prevents the hair from growing.
The underlying cause still remains.
On the other hand, little progress
has ever been made where medicines
were administered simply to dissolve
the Gallstones. It is owing to a de
fect in the volume of constituency of
the secretions of the Stomach and
Liver that permits the formation of
Gallstones. When the Stomach and
Liver perform their functions fully
and normally they produce a natural
solvent that prevents the formation
of Gallstones. If this were not true
every one would have Gallstones.
Recognizing this truth, and work
ing in accordance therewith, an able
Chicago physician perfected a treat
ment that combined the administra
tion of certain active and harmless
solvents together with medicines
that restore the Stomach and Liver.
Thus the solvents are immediately
reinforced and work in harmony
with the natural secretions to grad
ually and painlessly soften and dis
solve the Gallstones and restore the
secretions so that the formation of
Gallstones will be prevented without
the further use of medicine.
This remedy is not a cure-all. ‘lt
is an honest, scientific remedy for
Gallstones, but in treating the Gall
stones and the underlying cause at
the same time, the medicines neces
sarily cure all ordinary ailments of
the Stomach and Liver at the same
time. This treatment is being dis
pensed by the Gallstone Remedy
Company, 225 Dearborn St., Chica
go, 111., and the attention of our
readers is called to their ad. in this
issue. They are reliable and trust
worthy.
WHY NOT ASK HER?
“The way to flatter a woman is to
tell her that she looks ten years
younger than she is.”
“But how are you to find out how
old she is?”—Houston Post.
Any one, man, woman, girl or boy,
can make a good living by working
for The Jeffersonians. Write to us.
DUriIIIATIOII Permanently cured. Why suffer?
li nr 11 Mm I Lym Others have found out method
HIILUIfin lmm eflMt|w so will yoa! Trial
TREATMENT FREE. Crowley Medical Co., 15 LaSalle St., Chicago
Jkffersonlaft
and warning on sexual matters?—
When it is approaching puberty!
(This, alas! is often too late. —Ed.)
Does it get either instruction or
warning from its parents?—Rarely.
—Editorial, New York State Jour
nal of Medicine.
NO BENEFIT, NO PAY.
You ought to try a thirty-day trial
treatment of Vitae-Ore on the no
benefit, no pay plan. This plan is
fully explained in the large an
nouncement on the last page of this
issue. If you have never used Vitae-
Ore, you can secure a dollar package
on trial, without a penny in advance,
simply by writing for it.
r IGI COMPLIMENTS OF TUljlU"
MwIM TOM WATSON IFlsWnlswW |
WMMBTHE -iFffFasmiUflOT BL
This is the knife which The Jeffersonians are
offering as a premium for new subscriptions or re
newals to the magazine or weekly. It’s a beauty.
LOCUST GROVE INSTITUTE
Has had an increase of 25 per cent, in patronage during the Fall Term.
Every place in the Boarding Department has been filled. As usual a few
pupils ■will not return after the Holidays, consequently there will be a few
vacancies which can be offered new pupils, as follows:
6 in BOYS’ HOME, board sl3 per month.
2 in GIRLS’ HOME, board sl3 per month.
5 in BOYS’ CO-OPERATIVE CLUB, board $8 per month.
4 in GIRLS’ CO-OPERATIVE CLUB, board $9 per month.
Board in private homes $lO to sl3 per month.
Spring Term begins Tuesday, January 4th. New pupils should come
Monday, January 3d.
Those desiring places for the Spring Term should make application at
once to
CLAUDE GRAY, President, Locust Grove, Ga.
Read my prices on Cabbage Plants. If you do not need plants now you
will need them later on. ’ '
All of my Plants are grown in the open field, and I guarantee them to
be frost-proof. All varieties—Charleston Wakefield, Successions Aujrusta
Trucker, Early Jersey Wakefield, Early and Late Flat Dutch.
Satisfaction and count guaranteed.
IN LOTS OF 1,000 TO 5,000, AT $1.25 PER THOUSAND
IN LOTS OF 6,000 TO 10,000, AT SI.OO PER THOUSAND
Write for Prices on Larger Lota.
Cash, P. O. Money Order, or Express Money Order must come with all
orders. Will not ship Plants C. O. D. unless half of the amount of order is
sent in. Frost and cold can not hurt my Plants.
I grow, I sell, I guarantee Frost-Proof Cabbage Plants.
H. LEON LARISEY,
Grower of Plants.
Telegraph and Express Office: MEGGHTTS. 8. C.
Box J.
c A S H Twenty-five Dollars
Ten Dollars
JL"* I Z S Five Dollars
For largest list of subscriptions and renewals to WATSON’S MAG
AZINE or THE JEFFERSONIAN, January 6 to February 28, we will
give first prize of TEN DOLLARS, and second prize of FIVE DOLLARS.
Another contest will start on March 1 and run to April 15, when
we will distribute another FIFTEEN DOLLARS to our two best agents.
In addition to these prizes, we will give TWENTY-FIVE DOLLARS
in cash to the agent who sends in the largest number of subscriptions
and renewals between January 6 and April 15, and other prizes of books
or money to the three agents who send in the next largest lists.
Open to all agents. Write for particulars. Full commission al
lowed.
Remember that all subscriptions and renewals must be taken at the
full regular price. No cut rates allowed.
Tine Jeffersonians
THOMSON, GA., JANUARY 1, 1910.
SAW, LATH, SHINGLE MILLS
Shafting, Pulleys, Belt
LOMBARD IRON WKSAugusta, 6a.
Bloodless Method of Treating Cancer
We make a specialty of treating and
curing external cancer. Have you one,
or do you know a friend who has one?
If so, write us. NO CURE NO PAY.
Scientific remedy in scientific hands.
No operation, no loss of blood. Can re
fer you to many cases cured and now
well. NO FAILURE.
DRS. MATTHEWS & KING,
P. O. Box 96, Quitman, Ga.
PAGE ELEVEN