Resolutions Passed by Crawfordville Lo
cal Union, No. 1926, in Regular
Session Dec. 11,1909
Resolved, That this local indorses
the resolutions passed by the Hill
City Lodge, No. 1376, of Texas, in
regular session November 18, 1909.
Resolved, That we ask that the
membership of the Farmers’ Union
throughout the State of Georgia shall
rise up as one man and assert our
rights to be heard on this very im
portant question before we try to get
our Representatives in Congress to
commit themselves to any such legis
lation.
Resolved, That we ask our State
President, Brother J. L. Lee, to give
us a referendum vote on this ques
tion, before our Representatives in
Congress are committed to it.
Resolved, That we call on our
State President, J. L. Lee, also our
national President, C. S. Barrett, to
investigate the charges brought
CURCLUBBING LIST
By special arrangements we are
enabled to offer yearly subscriptions
to the following publications, to
gether with a year’s subscription to
THE JEFFERSONIAN, at greatly re
duced prices;
Regular Price Our Price
for the Two. for Both.
$1.50 Atlanta Constitution,
weekly SI.OO
2.00 Constitution, Tri-
Weekly 1.50
5.50 Atlanta Georgian (Daily) 4.50
2.00 Uncle Remus’s Magazine 1.10
2.00 New York Thrice-a-Week
World 1.25
2.00 Florida Times-Union,
semi-weekly 1.00
2.00 Cosmopolitan Magazine. 1.50
2.25 Woman’s Home
Companion 1.50
2.00 Farm and Ranch. . . . 1.25
2.00 Progressive Farmer. . . 1.15
2.00 Cotton Journal 1.50
2.00 Southern Ruralist. . . . 1.10
2.00 Southern Cultivator. . . 1.10
2.00 Commoner 1.10
2.00 Farmer’s Voice 1.10
2.00 Southern Fruit Grower. 1.00
2.00 La Follette’s 1.10
2.50 Vardaman’s Issue. . . . 1.50
2.00 Confederate Veteran. . . 1.25
1.50 Up-to-Date Farming. . . 1.00
2.00 Farmers’ League Journal 1.00
The above prices do not apply to
Atlanta subscriptions.
SAVE MONEY ON MAGAZINES
. SPECIAL OFFER
McClure’s, , Review of Reviews,
Woman's Home Companion, $6.00,
for $3.50, to one or separatee ad
dresses. We have over 2,000 offers.
Price-list free. Write today. Na
tional Subscription Agency, Buffalo,
N. Y.
PLANT-BED CLOTH
For Florists, Gardeners, Truck
Farmers, Tobacco Growers, etc.
Protects from frost. Safer than
glass. Waterproof Sheeting for
chicken runs. Hay Caps, Shock Cov
ers, and Canvas Goods. Circulars
and samples.
HENRY DERBY, 49 E. Warren St., New York
Bloodless Method of Treating Cancer
We make a specialty of treating and
curing external cancer. Have you one,
or do you know a friend who has one?
If so, write us. NO CURE NO PAY.
Scientific remedy in scientific hands.
No operation, no loss of blood. Can re
fer you to many cases cured and now
well. NO FAILURE.
DRS. MATTHEWS & KING,
P. O. Box 98, Quitman, Ga.
If You Are
Anti-Catholic
Subscribe Now to
The American Whip
50 Cents a Year
LANCASTER, PA.
against Ladson, Bodenhamer and
Duckworth by the editors of the Bal
lis News, Houston Post, Jeffersonian,
and Graphic Democrat.
Resolved, That we respectfully
ask our President, Hon. W. H. Taft,
to issue $800,000,000, or not less
than $500,000,000 Treasury Notes to
be issued to the people at a low rate
of interest, without the intervention
of the national banks, in a sufficient
volume to do the business of the
country on a cash basis, and to main
tain staple prices of the products of
the American people.
Resolved, That we ask our Rep
resentatives in Congress to use their
power and influence to prohibit any
further destruction of the Treasury
notes issued by the national govern
ment.
Resolved, That we ask that a
copy of these resolutions be sent to
the Farmers’ Union News and The
Jeffersonian.
LOST ALL HOPE IN JULY.
Dear Sir:—lnclosed please find
money order for fifty cents. Con
tinue Mr. B. F. Hill’s weekly Jeffer
sonian. Send it to Forsyth, Ga. I
am enjoying your Mission articles;
am with you heart and soul. Keep
on punching Duck-Ladson & Co. I
was in our county Union; was secre
tary and treasurer of county Union.
Went to the convention in Macon
July* 1908. I saw Duck perform. I
lost all hope then of our Union doing
anything. I haven’t sent you any
subscribers in some time. I have
been sick in bed nearly two years.
I lost my wife in August. She left
me with seven small children, and I
am having a hard time. Will do all
I can at all times to help the cause of
reform and the Jeffersonians.
With best wishes to you and the
Jeffersonians,
I am yours truly,
R. L. PONDER.
Route 1, Forsyth, Ga.
To Our Advertisers
We have today entered into a
contract with Messrs. Stephens &
Stockton, of Atlanta, Ga., to act as
our advertising representatives for
the States of Georgia, Alabama, Flor
ida, North and South Carolina, Vir
ginia and Tennessee.
All special rates, which have not
been accepted, are hereby cancelled;
and our published rate card, which
can be obtained on application, will
govern all advertising carried in
The Jeffersonian after this date.
Our circulation has grown so rap
idly in the last twelve months that
we have been compelled to make two
advances in advertising rates, and it
is probable that another advance
will be made early next year.
THE JEFFERSONIANS.
Thomson, Ga., Dec. 1, 1909.
$26.00 5-COLOR CATALOG NOW READY—Let Us Mail You a Copy TODAY
is whsl ■tragßffFßHßms-
® avc By mean 3 & e t this valuable FREE Book before buying your Vehicle or Harness. It is the
Thls° S * A “ '\W-sW most complete Vehicle Catalog ever published; full of valuable information and worth at least
Buggy iY If $20.00 to every vehicle user. It fully describes over 150 styles of Vehicles, Wagons and Har-
/ \ JsgigJ ness, at prices which save you $20.00 to $40.00.
CUT HERE AND MAIL TODAY -
Golden Eagle Buggy Co., Station No. 1,
/C\ 136-166 Edgewood Ave., Atlanta, Ga.
1 Gentlemen : Please mail me, postpaid, your new 5-color 106- page catalog.
V/v(VA X/ \P\XfV\/ Name County ;
< p O at Office R.F.D. No..
Jeffersonian
1910
WATS OAFS MAGAZINE
SOCIALISM Mr. W atson will conclude his damning indictment. He will
deal with the origin of private property, and will examine
and tear to pieces the Socialist Bible. Karl Marx’s “Capi
tal”.
ROMAN Following his case against Socialism, Mr. Watson will
CATHOLICISM wr *te a series of articles, laying bare the foul and bloody
record of the Roman Catholic Hierarchy, and emphasizing
the people’s danger in allowing them to usurp authority in
America.
STORY OF This splendid story, which Mr. Watson will begin in the
THE SOUTH Magazine during 1910, will go down to posterity as one of
AND WF«4T the £ reat literar y achievements of the age. It will be dra
aaiaj witol matic, tender and true. It will set a crown of glory on our
beloved Southland and the vast Empire of the West.
NAPOLEON From Napoleon’s letters to Josephine, and from a great
UP TO DATE mass recently published material, Mr. Watson has made
a new and remarkable pen picture of this marvelous man,
which will appear in Watson’s for 1910.
WATSONESQUE Each issue of 1910 will contain one of those charming per-
SKETCHES sonal, biographical, or historical sketches, which have made
the name of Tom Watson beloved among literary folk
throughout the world.
ANDREW Mr. Watson now begins the most interesting period of his
JACKSON story. In seeking for the causes which led up to the Civil
War he opens up new historical paths, and clears the
ground of the rubbish and falsehood which have been
dumped upon it by Northern and partisan writers. These
were the dramatic years, of keenest interest to us today, in
the light of present and coming events, when Jackson fought
the proposed Central Bank, and smashed it; and waged re
lentless war upon the robber Tariff.
THE DARK The fascinating plot of this story of Southern life today
CORNER will be developed and ended in 1910.
SURVEY r OF These illuminating comments, illustrated by cartoons, form
THE WORLD a com P^ e^e history of the most noteworthy events of the
month.
/
FICTION The short stories and poetry will be well up to the standard.
AND POETRY Many a happy little tale of human interest has been ar
ranged for publication in Watson’s Magazine for 1910.
Subscription and Renewal Price, SI.OO a Year
WATSON’S MAGAZINE, Thomson, Ga.
One Hundred Dollars
TO THE MAN, WOMAN OR CHILD, who sends
us the largest number of subscriptions to Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine between now and January
1, 1910. We will award prizes as follows: . . .
First Prize - Fifty Dollars
Second Prize - Twenty-five Dollars
Third Prize - . - - Ten Dollars
Fourth Prize - Five Dollars
Fifth Prize - Five Dollars
Sixth Prize - - - Five Dollars
Regular agents’ commission will be allowed on all
subscriptions sent in for this prize competition.
For blanks, pamphlets, etc., apply to
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine, geoTgia
PAGE THREE