PAGE TEN
OUR POST-CARD CLUO
By DADDY JIM
SUNNY SOUTH BROTHERHOOD.
Letters in the prize contest and
about the Brotherhood will be pub
lished on the page allotted to that
department.
DADDY JIM AT A PICNIC.
There were a picnic and other
things last week at Williams Creek,
near Norwood, Georgia. Mr. and
Mrs. Daddy Jim were invited, and
went. Everything and everybody
was delightful. The exercises by the
school-children, under the leader
ship of their good teacher, Miss
Kate Henry, were excellently done.
Daddy Jim made a short talk about
the Sunny South Brotherhood, and
then there was some mighty good
chicken, cake and pie, to be dis
cussed. After that, there was an egg
hunt, and an egg-and-spoon race. So
great was the interest taken in the
latter, that it broke up the crowd of
men who were trying to organize a
Jeffersonian Club. Finally it was
agreed to hold a meeting on the fol
lowing Wednesday, at the Ebenezer
School House, in Warren County, to
form a club, and there is no doubt
that it will be one of the strongest
clubs in Georgia. Among the organ
izers will be Messrs. C. C. Crawley,
W. I. Harris, J. R. Harris, J. W. Hill,
W. H. Harper, J. R. Perry, and Wat
son Perry
LET US SHIP YOU T
\|IS i i|
5c Jill Our Factory Price to You I
[/ Guaranteed Retail Value J
a",B! r --Cash Saving - - -I
I ,-.1 / 15,000 people are using this Buggy—every one of whom will tell you till!
I/ / \ are use d i n ever y State in the South and West—have stood the test of hard sery
~~ an y Buggy retailing for $75.00. Our $7.49 Harness is a guaranteed $12.50 va.jffi
S cent y° ur money.
'C y V** \ /AT us s hip y° u this outfit today. We will guarantee satisfaction and sffi
X \ / K \ \ DESCRIPTION OF $49 BUGGY dash; full length carpet solid fi
WHEELS-Sarvent patent, %-inch rims with %-inch apron wrench washers, steps, H
I tires, 38-42 inches high. Rubber tires, see page 13. , CHANGES Pole in place W
._. GEAR—Double reach, with rear circle and rear king pole and shafts, $4.50. See pa/ra
No. 615 TOP BUGGY bolt fifth wheel. Following is an unsolicit ■
Our Factory Price - - $49.00 . AXLE^~ 1 ’ 000 * nnlf> double collar dust-proof steel axles, nd^Person?ily al appeared
v nicely arched; can furnish drop. oath, says that he has run F
Regular Retail Brice - - 75.00 SPRINGS—Three-leaf elliptic end springs, attached to (13,000) miles, and has paid oft
body with steel body hangers. Tempered in oil and easy except setting of tires and twQ
ri,|i ™.Tj' J p l iS V“^ rSt, “r^" rir,eS ;, .. „k, e? -Swol-n rS to*and ) - 8 ub B crlbeJ
SHAFTS—BIack hickory, light round pattern, double October, 1908.
w . it* Tpy ww'Tw. t ? • braced, trimmed with long patent leathers, quick shifters.
U-iSfrUu 1 1113 1 I Body—2o inches wide and 53 inches long; can furnish (Mr. Simmons is a Rural ]■
18 or 22-inch. the above $49.00 Buggy in May,R
—TOP—2% bow leather quarter top; can furnish other another Golden Eagle Buggy
BUGGY AND HARNESS COUPON styles.
Golden Eagle Buggy Co., Atlanta, Ga. CUSHION AND BACK—Spring cushion and Georgia drop i
Enclosed find $5.00 for which ship me at earliest possible date one $49.00 PAINTING—Body painted jet black unless otherwise or- X « ’ ’ ' H
Buggy and one set of $7.49 Harness as described below, C. O. D. $56.49. If dere d. Gear painted New York red; can furnish black or / J
it is as represented I will pay the balance ($51.49); if It is not as repre- Brewster green b ' ■ • ‘
sented, I will return it at your expense. TRACK-Wide, 5 feet 2 inches; narrow, 4 feet 8 inches. Z
• ■<Vl
Si«e ' Color Gear Style Size Style Truck Price, 949.00 ‘
Springs' Wheels Axles ( r \. "■P’ ** •'
Size Our Inside Harness Price $7.49 ql 1 1
Collar Check Open or 'f lI I
Blind Bridle! U! )111
Total $50.49 81
The South's Greatest Mt B?
FROM THE LAND OF GOSHEN.
Dear Daddy Jim: —As I haven’t
seen any letters from the “Land of
Goshen”, where Mr. Watson’s wife
went to school when she was a little
girl, and where each and every one
‘loves Mr. and Mrs. Watson. I
thought I would write one letter any
way, and hope it will escape the
waste basket. I am a little girl
twelve years old. I will send you a
riddle, and I will bet you can’t guess
it: Fruit of England, flower of
Spain, met together in a shower of
rain; put in a sack, tied with a
string; if you guess this riddle, I’ll
give you a ring.—Your little friend,
Leila Willoughby, Rt. 2, Watkins
ville, Ga.
(If you write a nice little letter,
like this, you need never be afraid of
the waste basket, unless you come
too often.)
HIS FIRST LETTER.
Dear Daddy Jim: —Here comes a
little ten-year-old boy from Mont
gomery county, in the grand old
State of Georgia. My papa takes
The Jeffersonian and I like to read
it, especially the childrens’ page. We
all think Mr. Watson a great man.
I go to school, and am in the fourth
grade. Miss Janie Arnett is our
teacher, and a good one, too. My
papa is a farmer, and makes fine
crops. I live within a few miles of
Governor Troupe’s monument. He is
buried near the Oconee river.
Grandma is with us now. She once
lived in Thomson, Mr. Watson’s
home, and knows Mr. Watson well.
We lived in Soperton three years,
but papa decided to rent out and
move back to our farm, which I like
Ghe 3fcffersOßian
better. I like to ride horseback.
This is my first letter to a paper;
hope to see it in print. I have one
little brother and two sisters. The
youngest one is just three weeks old
now. I will send a pretty post-card
to the one who answers this riddle:
As I came through the garden gap, I
met Dick Red cap; with a stick in
his hand and a stone in his throat.
With good wishes for Daddy Jim and
the children, I am your little friend,
Robert McCrimmon, Rt. 4, Soperton,
Ga.
(You write a good letter, and we
would like to hear from you often,
but you must not be disappointed if
sometimes your letters are not print
ed. We have more letters each week
than we can find room for, and we
have to pick out the very best.)
A TOM WATSON DOG.
Heigho, Daddy Jim: —I feel like I
know you all, though this is my first
attempt to write you. I am a little
boy, thirteen years old. I go to
school every day. lam in the sixth
grade. My teacher’s name is Miss
gletree. I like her very much. My
father and mother are both dead. I
have a very dear grandmother, who
reared me. I live with my grandma
and uncle; they are very kind to me.
My uncle takes The Jeffersonian and
I like to read the letters from all the
little girls and boys. I have a pet
dog. One of my uncles has a pet dog
named Tom Watson. We all think
Mr. Watson a great man. I want to
ask some of the boys and girls a
question: Who killed the Giant, and
what did they kill him with? I must
close. If I see this in print, I may
write again.—Wishing you much
success, Almond Moore, Rt. 2, Flo
villa, Ga.
(Your question is not very plain.
I have known many giants—Goliath
and the giant that Jack killed, and
giants in the Arabian Nights, and in
Gulliver’s Travels, and the Pilgrim’s
Progress.)
RAISES BLACK GUMS.
Dear Daddy Jim: —Here I come
for the first time, and if this finds the
way to the waste basket, I will write
no more. Papa takes The Jefferson
ian, and I enjoy reading Daddy Jim’s
page. Dewey Campbell says that his
father raises corn, cotton, potatoes
and peanuts. My papa is a school
teacher, and raises more “black
gums” than anthing else. With best
wishes to the Jeffersonians, Little
Pat Johnston, Sylvania, Ga.
(Don’t say you won’t write any
more, if your letters are not printed.
If you don’t write something worth
printing—something that other peo
ple will like to read, it would be
waste of time and printer’s ink to
publish them.)
NEW COUSIN: NEW RIDDLE.
Dear Daddy Jim: —Will you wel
come me in your dear paper for a
few minutes? I am the daughter of
J. E. Futral. Papa sure does like
The Jeffersonian best of all the pa
pers we take, and truly hopes that
Mr. Watson will continue in his good
work and may God bless him to do
more good. I will answer Gevee
Huff’s riddle, as we are cousins. We
have never had the pleasure of see
ing each other, but hope we will in
future. Your riddle is a pair of fire
dogs. Now, cousin, see if you can
guess this one: Two hookers, two
lookers, and a switch about. Now,
if you see this in print you can an
swer it, if you can guess what it is.
To the one that can guess it, I will
give a post-card. With best wishes
to Daddy Jim and the cousins, your
new friend, Janie Futral, Bartow, Ga.
(The riddles are amusing, and
some are interesting because of their