PAGE SIXTEEN
I ||W A LIN,MENT THAT WILL CURE
Sciatica, Muscular &
L U foflamatory Rheuma
tism, Lumbas •
Tr?de Mark Reg. and s'milar complaints bv a
in U. S.P o few app i aHons. A4-oz.bot
-11 f r ? curf *’ fient b ? b y tegistered mail
for one d liar It i ever fails.
Write to THE LUX CO.
P. 0. Box 5 >7 NE W ORLEANS, LA.
Cuts Fuel Bill in Half
'•■ 'i "■ ■
ihk
I ' tT Jgi
feL e -±. -innwMr
The KOOKERBAKER bakes po
tatoes in twenty-two minutes and
everything in half the time required
by any oven and no burn on bottom.
Cooks vegetables at same time on
any size or kind of stove over one
blaze or griddle. Expressed to any
address, $1.25. Agents make $6 to
$lO a day. One sold seventy-one in
three days—so can you.
Thrifty Appliance Co.
739 Monolith Building, New York.
REMINGTON, $18.75
One machine only in new localities to
secure desirable agent. Special agents’
P r ' ces supplied on all makes of typewriters.
Shndard Typewriter Exchange, 23 Park Row, New York
/Guarantee to Cure
/XECZEMAOi
STAY CURED! I Sfc>F /
Fa | St is aslso called SALT w||L/ \y
V&V/ RHEUNI. scald head,
SKIN.tacLK CRUST, PRU-
Uli y RITUS-these are different treats nothing*
A'U names, but all mean one but eczema
thing—ECZEMA. ■■■■■■l
-I Prove every word that 1 have said—l give to every sufferer n
i Re' .e Beyond Question B
■ BBgLzsH&sh H is a statement from the
Just to show you that you need my treatment. It is yours for Z/> J 2Ol ” 6 * *°. wn ’
the asking. If you have been to other Doctors, if you hav . hare done business
i taken patent medicine, and used lotions and salves till you a> <■> v years.
disgusted, write to mo—l will send you ABSOLUTELY FREi
OF CHARGE, A TRIAL TREATMENT. There are no strings »H7ciTtzws :
i to this statement. There is not one cent to pay—not u penny «—•*. ♦•••••»•• u *•
accepted. I know what my trial treatment will do; I know |H
that it will convince you more than anything else on earth that sc.ama.ho.
you need my treatment. February nth, 1908. ■
I MSss ™ s Ghance for a Cure To w, !ou „ CoHcm:
i If you are SUFFERING FROM ECZEMA you can only be Thia certifies that
cured one way—REMOVE THE CAUSE. What Is the I>r. Cannaday’e patients, from all
cause? ACID IN THE BLOOD. How do you remove it? By over the United States, have been
MH Cleansing the blood of the ACID. placing their money in thle bank ■
My treatment is soothing—relieves the dreadful itching at »hlle they tried hie treatment on
once and cures the disease quickly. You don’t have to take • czezna. In all this time we have
treatment for months and months. ONLY ONE CASE IN TEN J*’” oallod u P° n but five tinea
I needs the second treatment—ONE IN FIFTY needs the third return the patients monsy.
—think of that! A 0,18 <Hed before the
■ a treatment was shipped; two did not
What Eczema Is in t t£w a it’ a o“ nt aTS cL’ a8IMt I
! .Eczema is a disease of the blood and affects all parts of the treatment three days later* after*
i body—the face, lips, ears, hands, feet, genital organ, etc. getting her money; and one was not I
JB SYMPTOMS. —Yellowish red eruption; the pimples or patches may jaatlafled.
swell and the itching is so great the person will scratch the top off, then ss
■B they bleed and dark scales form; there is an oozing of matter. In some Z. /-> '"fl/-L £ 8m
the skin cracks and bleeds. Itching is terrible; a person suffering will / lA/f". >\j
scratch till they bleed. Scales form on parts of the body, where the cloth- g 75 // .
M inr» comes in contact. fr. JZ sis ,*■ -"u y H
Ten Years Guarantee
I positively Guarantee that every case cured by me will stay *
Cored 10 YEARS! It must be good or it could not be sold this way.
Strong as Rock of Gibraltar
lam a graduate from two leading medical schools. I am the holder of a GOLD I
MEDAL taken in Competitive Examination. Does this not show that lam fully
qualified? I will send you my book, showing endorsements of business men A4*‘ 0
of all classes. Also testimonials and pictures from cured patients every- M"
| where. Some of them may be YOUR NEIGHBORS. T F
B MY BOOK B
la the most complete book ever sent out. I explain every Sedalia, - Mo.:
form of the disease plainly and fully. I show pictures of Please »end without cost to BH
many severe cases, which are extremely interesting. me prepaid Free trial treatment,
I send you names of thousands who have been also copy of your Free Book.
Cured and are grateful.
DR. J. E. CANNADAY
6414 Park Square Address
M Sedalia, Mo.
Treatment and literature eent in plain wrapper. ' |gj|a
What the Political Parties
Stand For.
(1) The Republican Party:
Stands for the old Hamiltonian
idea of copying, as nearly as possi
ble, the English system. The key
to the mystery of Republican success
is the alliance between the White
House, Wall Street and the Pope.
The aged Italian priest who is the
present Papa of the 12,000,000 Cath
olics of the United States, publicly
assured his children last year that
he approved of Mr. Taft, and Papa’s
devoted flock went to Taft on elec
tion day.
As to the President’s cabinet, that
is notoriously a Wall Street selec
tion.
(2) The Democratic Party:
Is the “extra-horse” of the special
ly favored Interests. Whenever the
Republicans are not quite able to
“deliver the goods” (promised when
the corporations filled the dough
bag), the Democratic Party lends a
sufficiency of votes to turn the trick.
For proofs,—see record of the ex
tra session which renewed the power
of Speaker Cannon, and made a tariff
bill under trust dictation. Also rec
ord on every important issue since
the Civil War.
(3) The Prohibition Party:
Its distinctive purpose is the pre
vention of the manufacture, im
portation and sale of alcoholic bev
erages.
Gbe TJMfersontan
(4) The Socialist Party:
The American leaders of this move
ment preach one doctrine in cities
like Chicago and New York, and a
different doctrine when talking to
country people in Kansas, Oklahoma,
Missouri, Texas and Florida.
As I will prove in a series of chap
ters in Watson’s Magazine, Socialism
proposes to abolish entirely the pri
vate ownership of land and other
means of production. Arguing that
our one-wife marriage system was es
tablished to perpetuate capitalism,
these fanatics propose that people
shall marry without any sort of civil
or religious ceremony, and that a
husband and wife shall have the lib
erty to abandon one another, and
“take up” with a fresh wife or a
fresh husband, whenever either are
dissatisfied. This is Free Love, and
Socialism stands for it, as I will
prove by Socialist evidence.
(5) The People’s Party (Populist):
Stands for the public ownership of
all public utilities, —such as rail
roads, telegraphs, telephones, express
companies, municipal. water, light
and street car systems. Populism
holds the marriage tie sacred, and
denies the right of the husband to
discard the wife when she has per
haps slaved away her physical at
tractiveness in his service. In other
words, we contend that our divorce
laws are quite liberal laws enough,
and that the 50,000 annual divorces
of this country prove that “love” is
as free as need be. To tempt the
selfish lusts of men holding out to
them the pernicious doctrine of Free
Love, endangers that beautiful prin
ciple of self-restraint which is the
conservator of law and order, good
morals and decent living.
We also recognize the human in
stinct for home ownership, and home
life. We combat, as destructive to
society and civilization, the Socialist
doctrine of the public ownership of
land and all means of wealth pro
duction.
We stand for the Constitutional
money system of the fathers. We
say that all the money,—no matter
what it is made out of, —is the crea
ture of law, and that every bit of it
should be created by the Govern
ment, and issued directly to the peo
ple; and that every dollar so created
should be the equal of every other.
We stand for the Income Tax; for
the Initiative, Referendum and Re
call; for a Parcels-post, and the Pos
tal Savings Bank.
We favor the placing of the nec
essaries of life on the Free list. We
say that it is an everlasting sliame
that the enormous incomes of such
men as Rockefeller, Morgan, Ryan
and Carnegie should escape Federal
taxation, while the common people
are compelled by the Tariff to pay
two prices for clothing, house sup
plies, plantation implements and oth
er things that they are compelled to
have.
We favor every just demand of
labor, —eight-hour day in such indus
tries as workshops, mining, and man
ufacturing; the abolition of child
slavery; the compulsory adoption of
life-saving inventions, etc. But we
say that when Socialists promise the
workman “all that he produces”,
they are humbugging him. No man,
nowadays, can produce corn, wheat,
cotton, shoes, cloth, steel rails, rope
(Continued on Page 18)
PLANT-BED CLOTH
For Florists, Gardeners, Truck
Farmers, Tobacco Growers, etc.
Protects from frost. Safer than
glass. Waterproof Sheeting for
chicken runs. Hay Caps, Shock Cov
ers, and Canvas Goods. Circulars
and samples.
HENRY DERBY, 49 E. Warren St., New York
Bloodless Method of Treating Cancer
We make a specialty of treating and
curing external cancer. Have you one,
or do you know a friend who has one?
If so, write us. NO CURE NO PAY.
Scientific remedy in scientific hands.
No operation, no loss of blood. Can re
fer you to many cases cured and now
well. NO FAILURE.
DRS. MATTHEWS & KING,
P. O. Box 96, Quitman, Ga.
If You Are’
Anti-Catholic
Subscribe Now to
The American Whip
50 Cents a Year
LANCASTER, PA.
Pains or
Cramps
“I carry Dr. Miles’ Anti-Pain
Pills with me all the time, and
for aches and pains there is
nothing equals them. I have
used them for rheumatic pains,
headache, and pains in side and
back, and in every case they give
perfect satisfaction.”
HENRY COURLEN,
Boonton, N. J.
Pain comes from tortured
nerves. It may occur in any
part of the head or body where
there is weakness or pressure
upon the nerves.
Dr. Miles’
Anti-Pain Pills
Relieve pain, whether it be neu
ralgiac, rheumatic, sciatic, head
ache, stomache, pleurisy or
ovarian pains.
Druggists everywhere sell them. If
first package fails to benefit, your drug
gist will return your money.
MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart, Ind.
FIND PLEASURE AND PROFIT IN
GROWING GOOD PECAN TREES
But the stock must be reliable— that's vital. Our
Becan trees are grown in the best section of the
1 ecan belt, by a specialist with a successful record.
Pecans have a fine future —nuts popular, bring
*£P 8: tbe timber in great demand. Now's
just the time to start a grove.
illustrated booklet on Southern
iruit-bearing trees. We guarantee a “square
deal —replace any tree that isn't right.
JEFFERSON NURSERY CO.
Box E-28 Monticello. Florida
U DDDUIM
mUnrililiE
I Mani no permanently cures any drug habit. Guaranteed
I not to contain Morphine, Laudanum. Opium or any other
I habit forming drug. No money required in advance, a
I full month's treatment sent to those afflicted .without
I one cent of deposit. Manine has cured thousands, it
I will cure you. Give it a free trial. You are to bo
I the sole judge. Address yjMy-apwaMysifMfJ
Manine Medicine Co.
3253 Locust St., St. Louis, Ma.