. Ji \ A
Cfye 3eff(>ssonian
A Weekly Paper 'Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and]. D. WATSON
VOLUME FIVE
N UMS EK EIGHT
Summary of Tbents as They Happen
By Tom Dolan
The Charlotte Observer condoles
with the far Northern state
Mills in upon the presence there of
Maine. 4 4 child-labor calumniators,
whether or not identical
with those who afflict this section.”
It seems the Maine Legislature is ad
vised that half-starved and half
clad women and children walk into
cotton and woolen mills at 5 o’clock
in the morning and work there until
6 o’clock in the evening. Many of
these workers are said to go bare-foot
ed in winter and otherwise suffer the
most terrible deprivations.
The Observer bases its condolences
for the falsehoods upon the fact that
4 4 the manufacturers of the state unan
imously brand such stories as alto
gether, or essentially mythical. * *
No more contented organizations of
workers existed anywhere than in the
Maine mills, until labor agitation
started up trouble.” Os course, that’s
always the way. Agitation, dema
goguery is at the base of the matter.
So obnoxious, indeed, are these 4 4 agi
tators” that one of them might as
well attempt to break into Frogmore
Castle as into a cotton or woolen mill.
The manufacturers do not desire their
healthy, wealthy operatives to be an
noyed by the envious glances of the
public while engaged at play in the
mill. What the true conditions are in
Maine we do not know, but those be
fore the Legislature pleading for bet
ter laws probably do. And certainly
the conditions prevalent in the mill
settlements of Charlotte, N. C., are
not such as to occasion grounds for
congratulation. 'Great, roaring mills;
homes that are practically deserted
during the week, while the family
toils; row after row of hideous shacks
for the 4 ‘hands” where the sun piti
lessly beats all summer and the winds
sweep icily during the winter months;
utterly sordid, bare hovels, where no
attempt at comfort or beauty exists.
There are mill districts where some
attempt at uplift is apparent, but
none such meet the eye in this typical
mill town of North Carolina. The
Charlotte 44 Observer” in this instance
belies its name.
Now, by all that’s virtuous, if the
U. S*. Senate hasn’t
Purity thwarted the hopes of the
Rampant, two territories, New Mex
ico and'Arizona, for state
hood, on the ground that political
rings exist therein who would con
tinue to 4 4 dominate ’ ’ affairs, and some
•have even gone so far as to demand
investigation. It is enough to make
a person feel a sense of utter gone
ness, this sudden accession of extra
ordinary civic, conscience. And it
might prove a winner, too, if one did
not have that kind of objectionably
intrusive memory which leads, one to
say 44 Let us see —didn’t Roosevelt
recommend statehood and urge it at
this session of Congress?” That is
one reason the bills have been defeat
ed. Another lies in the decades-old
distrust and fear that the East has
of the West —if it could make all the
West and the South territorially sub
ject to New England, it would be glad
indeed to do so.
At the recent international confer
ence to regulate and ad-
Non- .just naval affairs, it
Contraband, was decided that cotton
should be placed on the
list of those commodities to be held
under all circumstances as absolutely '
“non-contraband.” This is a victory
for King Cotton that ordinarily would
not amount to much but which might
become of 'Considerable worth in the
event of any naval clash.
Chas. E. Morse, New York high
toned crook who was con-
Justice. victed and sentenced to 15
years’ imprisonment for
various crimes ('the man who was
prime-mover in the ice trust which,
by raising prices deprived suffering
sick, and helpless babes of ice through
the blistering summer days some years
ago, and who was largely responsible
for the panic of 1907 which yet throws
a pall over industry), is allowed to
transact his business freely, to go and
come as he likes, the only slight con
cession he makes being that of per
mitting himself to be accompanied by
a guard. It is stated that he will be
allowed to go to Europe under this
slight surveillance. That is New York
justice. In Kentucky, Beach Hargis,
the degenerate who shot his own
father down, has been out on bond.
Armed, he last week attended a rustic
dance, where he attempted to kill a
cousin; later he went to the cashier
of a bank and literally held him up
and then in company with friends
created a disturbance. That is Ken
tucky justice. And yet the wonder
grows that people have less and less
respect for law!
About the last thing in Mr. Roose
velt ’s official career
Two Baneful was the appointment
Acts. of one’Terrell, a negro,
to the position of judge
of a lately created municipal court in
Washington, D. C. This piece of pie,
as stated, had just been baked, but
it is an office wherein the Judge will
have jurisdiction of any Washington
citizen or visitor who happens to
come within the operation of that par-
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, March 4, 1909
ticular-court, and the appointment is
a wanton outrage upon the voteless,
voiceless residents of the Capitol, as
well as the general public.
On the heels of this gross blunder
comes the announcement that the
Senate has passed the measure per
mitting the Brownsville troops to be
re-instated in the service of the army.
It is all a question of playing poli
tics with the negro, without regard to
t'ne ultimate and awful consequences.
Members of the negro regiment at
Watertown, N. Y., are not permitted
to enter the town without a pass,
owing to the ill-feeling brewing there.
It is suspected that a member of this
regiment committed an assault upon a
girl in that vicinity. In Pittsburg,
Pa., the negroes have been in defiance
of the police for months, and the wo
men are terrorized. In lowa and
throughout the middle west the same
feeling prevails.
Our brilliant and far-seeing Wash
ington statesmen are rapidly evolving
a civilization which is unable to pro
tect its own womankind, or to remove
the continual provocation to resort to
mob law.
About $10,000,000 will be the sum
appropriated by the gov-
Waterways. eminent under the rivers
and harbors bill, just
passed. It is to be hoped the expendi
ture of this sum of money may bring
in some slight result in public benefit.
No authority was given to the federal
government to lease or develop any
water power, however, which restric
tion was 44 to maintain the principle
that the water power belongs ex
clusively to the states where it is
located.” Doubtless the senate feared
the Mississippi River might be moved
over where the Potomac now meand
ers, if it were not careful about this
feature. Nobody believes they could
have any interest in delivering any
patronage as to the expenditure of
the appropriation. It was pure pa-
Namesakes of Tom Watson
To my namesakes —the children of good Jeffersonians, who have
done me honor by naming their boys (and I believe there are some
girls named “Tommie”) —who get the largest number of subscriptions
to the JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE between now and July 4, 1909,
I will give a handsome
GOLD WATCH AND CHAIN,
which will be worth at least $25.00.
Second prize: A rifle or shot- gun for the boys, and a gold ring for
the girls.
Third prize: Your choice of “Napoleon”, “Jefferson”, “Bethany”,
“Life and Speeches” or “Waterloo”.
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all subscriptions
sent in. For terms, apply to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
triotism in upholding states’ rights, of
course.
That war cloud over the Balkans
has not yet lifted quite
The Near .away. The difficulties seem
East. not to have been so com
plex, as so full of human
perversity which would not allow the
status of affairs to remain fixed from
one week to another. One proposed
adjustment no sooner promises defin
ite peace than some development arises
to put a new phase on the matter.
And there remain the snows of win
ter and the impassable mountain fast
nesses to make even the really war
desirous play for time. With the on
coming of spring, what may be the
outcome ? From this distance it seems
but the merest matter of common
sense to adjust it all. Why any of
the nations interested should precipi
tate war is hard to understand. Yet
the tense feeling is there among the
people. Particularly is this true of
Servia, where perhaps every male
citizen and even many women are un
der arms, drilling, and expecting the
storm to break. Just that old human
najture which diplomats and powers
may play upon and deceive for a time,
is apt to break all bounds so soon as
the maneuvres of war would be phys
ically possible.
It is considered as practically settled
that Judge Jacob MeGa-
One Job vock Dickinson, of Tennes-
Filled? see, is slated to become Sec
retary of War, succeeding
Gen. Luke E. Wright, of Memphis.
Judge Dickinson was counsel for the
I . S. in the Alaskan boundary case
some years ago. He is known as a
4 4 Taft Democrat,” whatever that
means, but thus far his appoinment
seems to be viewed with mild ap
proval. Gen. Wright denies that he is
likely to be elevated to the Supreme
bench, and stated he will return to
his former practice of law at home.
Price Five Cents