Husbands tell
> wives to send
— lll self - addressed,
stamped envelope for secret.
ANNA FOY, Wichita, Kan.
TOM WATSON MELON—72 lbs.
The very best and most attractive melon ever
put on the market, it is long and dark green
in color, and its eating quality has no supe
rior, it keeps longer than any other melon after
ripening, and is one of the best shipping mel
ons grown; it will make more money for those
who plant it than any other.
The above melon did not originate with the
Alexandria Seed Co., as their catalog indi
cates, but was first grown in this section by
the undersigned, the only authorized seller of
the seed under the above name.
14-pound'so.4o
impound 75
1 pound 1.35
Express prepaid.
Address W. A. WATSON, Thomson, Ga.
The Hocus Pocus Money Book”
Published in 1904, showed that existing condi
tions made a commercial panic in the near
future inevitable—and why? Its 200 pages are
filled with incontrovertible economic principles
and astonishing facts, sustained by figures from
the U. S. Comptroller’s Reports, and bank or
gans, proving that the deposit banking system
—as it has been maneged in the past—is the
real cause of every commercial panic ever
known, and most of the periods of business de
pression that have afflicted this country. And,
what is still more important, it shows how their
recurrence can be made impossible—and the de
mand for services and products made to always
equal the supply—without wronging any one, or
costing the people a dollar. Book sellers, and
news dealers can not afford to antagonize the
banks by handling this book. Do not blame
them —but send for the book yourself. Terms,
by mail: Single copy, 25 cents, 5 for sl. Ad
dress the author,
ALBERT GRIFFIN,
906 Madison St., Topeka, Kansas.
COU PON
ALBERT GRIFFIN, 906 Madison St., Topeka, Kan.
Enclosed find 25 cents, for which send me one coov
of your book. v
Name
Adress
For $1 I will send the Prince Razor Hone in
a neat leatherette box, postpaid. Absolutely
the only hone on the market that is made for
private use. Anybody can hone a razor with
it as good as a barber can.
WILL L. PRINCE.
2174 Ontario St., Cleveland, O.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
EARLY SPRING OATS
ALEXANDER’S SELECTED
GENUINE TENNESSEE GROWN BURT OR 90 DAY ARE THE BEST. PRICES:
1 bu. sl, 5 to 10 at 89c; 25 to 50 at 84c; 100, 80c. They are grown especially for seed
from selected seed stock.
ALEXANDER’S SEEDS ARE THE BEST THAT GROW. SELECTED FOR THE
* SOUTH. OUR STOCKS ARE ALL FRESH AND TESTED FOR PURITY AND GERM
INATION.
New Catalog is now ready. Your name on a postal will bring It, and It will pay
you to order from It.
THE ALEXANDER SEED COMPANY
AUGUSTA, GEORGIA Established 1873
We Want
Three Influential
Business Men
in every county of every state in the United States to represent a high-class business
proposition (no insurance loans or sales commissions.)
The men must have no present bank connection.
This country never offered or created such an opportunity before, and w’ell never
have a greater one in the future than this, for high-class business men. Send 15c for
literature of instruction, as you will be equally interested with us, and it is only 15c
to you, where it would be thousands of dollars to us if we were to furnish it free.
And if what we say is not true, we will cheerfully refund the price. We regret
to have to seek a business connection with you through this method, but we know no
other way to reach so many people. Address
J. R. BLACK, Secy., - - - Station B. Atlanta, Ga.
Do You Know a Good Thing When You See It?
LOOK AT THIS:
Paid Circulation of The Weewly Jeffersonian 12,000. Increase of 2,000 in 90 days
and growing faster than any six weeklies published in Atlanta.
Jeffersonian Magazine, 16,500. Increase of 5,000 in 90 days.
If you want stock in the Jeffersonian Publishing Company, write me. Shares are
ALEX E. KEESE, Room 709 Temple Court, Atlanta, Ga.
As To That Fountain Pen
You may have it as a Premium on Three NEW subscribers to The Jeffersonian Magazine
or for Four NEW subscribers to The Weekly Jeffersonian. Mr. Watson guarantees that
the pen will give satisfaction. It is the Safety Clip, Diamond Point, Fountain Pen.
To secure any Premium the number of subscribers must be sent In at one time Pre
mium must be claimed then.
PAGE FIVE