have the nerve to inform them that if they
-had more legal rights, they would lose the
sweet privileges in which they now bask—
the privilege of being chattels, of bearing
children which they can not claim as against
the ‘‘father right”, of paying taxes to support
courts in which their sex may never preside
or serve on a jury, of being tried under laws
they did not make, and so forth! Such cases
as that of the Tillmans—prominent people—
merely give emphasis to conditions that are
more or less general.
And the Pope wouldn’t even let Frosty
Charlie Fairbanks kiss his big toe! Oh, how
How Do You
Like This,
Protestants ?
style proposed to pay his
respects to the King and Queen, the Vatican
and to the American Methodist Church.
With the “liberality” for which the Church
of Rome is famous, and the need for which it
impresses upon Protestants toward it. Pius
got mad, and withdrew his big toe before
Frosty Charlie’s lips could imprint one chaste
salute thereupon.
Nice old slap-in-the-face, isn’t it? Our
President can attend mass for a vile old
Catholic monarch, and carry his entire Cabi
net to a Catholic Church, and kow-tow be
fore their altars; and shamelessly grovel be
fore the Vatican at all times. That is only
being “broad and liberal”. But a man who
was Vice-President of this Republic can not
even speak to American fellow-citizens and
missionaries, in a Methodist Church, without
being grossly insulted by the Pope.
What do the Methodists think of this?
Why don’t they get busy about this “liberali
ty” which must be extended from the Prot
estants to the Catholics, but is not, never has
and never will be extended by the Catholics
to any other religion?
Tennessee seems slow to distinguish be
tween the malefactor with money and influ
ence and the one with no
The Night-
Riders and
the Coopers.
Z f /
thought, taking the law in their own hands
when they were ousted from privileges which
they considered as a birthright.
And these poor, ignorant people could only
realize one fact: these men represented those
who would forever “shut out” the privileges
of the lake to the poor people to whom the
lake represented half their living.
And one of them was killed, while the other
escaped with his life. The horrors of Tennes
see’s “Night-Riders” was told in every possi
ble way of recital. The Governor was urged
to wipe out the band who had so violated the
sacred laws of the State.
Sounded fine, and the world looked to see
swift justice—until the facts in the case came
out.
Then it seemed to many that the greatest
ANOTHER BROUGHTON MAN
RENIGS.
My Dear Mr. Watson: —I write
this to let you know that I have for
a long time been a great admirer of
Dr. Broughton's, and like Little Wil
lie Upshaw pretty well, but I do
think that he and Dr. Broughton
have jumped on the wrong man this
time. I think it better for Brough
ton, Upshaw, W. T. Ellis and those
parsons had better remain in the
“light weight class,” and let such
men as William J. Bryan and Chas.
T. Russell, the “heavy weights,” de
bate with Watson, the “Jeffries” of
verbal and written debate. No man
can convince me that the present sys
tem of Foreign Mission is right un
til they get up a better argument
than these little “light weight” Bap-
sad! And what had Char
lie done? Why, he’d “tow
ered” over to Italy, and in
his most genial buttermilk
money and no influence. The
Tennessee Night-Riders were
held on a charge of murder
because thev were, as they
crimes of the “Night-Riders” were poverty
and ignorance. Sentiment changed, and there
was less call for the lives of the riders and
more for the reasons which led to the outrage
—and the Night-Riders are in jail.
But there are still occasional demands for
the execution of these poor, ignorant people
who felt they had been robbed of their birth
right.
And then Tennessee had another crime with
which to cope.
E. W. Carmack, of Nashville, had been a
United States Senator; Colonel D. P. Cooper
had been for many years his friend. Then
rupture came.
Some of Colonel Cooper's political transac
tions were decidedly shady, and Carmack did
not spare him in the editorial columns of his
paper ; Cooper’s son warned the editor not to
use his father’s name again, but Carmack
was running his paper to suit himself; the
three men —father, son and editor—met.
Carmack was picked up dead. ~WITH J.
BULLET IN THE BACK OF HIS NECK.
The trial was sensational. The Coopers
were convicted.
But the Coopers, father and son, have been
enjoying life with as few restrictions as
“money and influence” can buy off.
Is Tennessee to have one law for the rich
and one for the poor? The Coopers are ap
plying for a new trial.
The “Night-Riders" have no money and no
influence, so their case will require little
thought as to its disposition.
It’s an interesting study, isn't it? Robbed
of what they considered a birthright and
killing the man supposed to be responsible
for it, is the dreadful crime against the
“Night-Riders”.
Shot in the back because a man dared tell
of the unfitness of the Coopers for public
office, is the crime the Coopers are charged
with. And they are to secure a new trial be
cause it is shown there are twenty-two errors
in of indictment and seventy-seven
exceptions to the charge.
Tennessee has a lot of need for domestic
mission work.
4 ■ ■ i ■■■■ ■ ■■■ ■ ■■ ■ ■
The United States of America is covered
with a network of futile laws whose value
tist and Methodist parsons have
done in answer to your unanswer
able arguments against the present
system. I have kept up with most of
them, and they don’t even touch
your argument in the high places.
No wonder they do not let you be
heard before their readers; they
realize what will happen when they
do. I trust you will get to meet W.
J. Bryan in debate in Atlanta soon,
and I know the result now, Bryan
will be a defeated man, but don’t be
uneasy, W. J. Bryan will never meet
you on this issue. Your reasoning
is like Ben M. Bogard, of Little Rock,
Ark., the leading Baptist divine of
Arkansas, says, “Watson is simply
unanswerable on Foreign Missions.”
I know a family of children within
one-quarter of a mile of me in Ful
ton country, the banner county of
the State, and just ten or twelve
Tsl)e □Feffersonlan
Protecting
Mine-Workers.
the daily prints and the sacrifice of human
life which is recorded, the absolute lack of
reason for this sacrifice will dawn on the
mind of the most casual thinker.
In the past six months an aggregate of over
six hundred deaths has been recorded in
“mine disasters”.
With the strides science has made in other
industrial fields, it is not to be supposed for
a moment that so hazardous an undertaking
as underground mining should be beyond the
field of protective invention; compressed air.
we were told, would in large measure solve
the awful problem of ridding mines of the
deadly gases which accumulate.
to the inhabitants there
of would be incalculable,
could they be enforced.
But if we are to believe
miles from Atlanta, who can hardly
read. What do you think of this?
Don’t you think Broughton had bet
ter look after these little white chil-
EXCELSIOR PROLIFIC COTTON
Earliest and most prolific Cotton grown; fruits closer, faster and
thicker than any other cotton. Will put on two bolls in same space and
time other varieties put on one.
Write us for circular how to grow three bales per acre. Price:
Ten Bushels $15.00.
EXCELSIOR SEED FARM COMPANY
Cheraw, South Carolina
But manufacturing compressed air is ex
pensive.
Electricity was promised as the means of
illumination for mines, and the danger from
direct or uncovered flame was to be a thing
of the past. But generating electricity costs
money, and so we, one of the greatest nations
in the history of Time, permit ignorant, ill
paid immigrants from Europe to work in our
mines, knowing there has been absolutely
none of these scientific safeguards provided
for them in their daily toil.
The corporations whose greed blinds and
deafens them to the wail of the widow and
the fatherless, is ably assisted by a benign
government which simply closes its eyes to the
slaughter now becoming so common a matter
or record in the operation of our mines.
And the “open door" of immigration has
a stick in the hinges to prevent its closing,
for the need of more immigrants is too ap
parent to the “interests" controlling the
mines, to permit of the door being closed.
How long will the American people permit
this thing to blot their industrial history?
The Cherry Hill (Illinois) mine disaster
in November claimed over three hundred vic
tims; the Primevo (Colorado) mine explosion
of January 31st took the lives of nearly one
hundred; the mine at Browder (Kentucky)
gave up thirty-five corpses the day after the
explosion occurred there. In December there
were mine fires and explosions which claimed
from two to ten victims.
And we have a national legislature which
will wrangle over any question any fool legis
lator may propound, while the miners go
down to their work in cages and bid a silent
farewell to the sunlight thev may never see
again.
It may be the cupidity of the corporations
which is to blame for this human sacrifice,
but to a man from Mars it would probably
appear more like the indulgent indifference
of the benign Government whose aim and ob
ject was largely to permit the trusts to wax
fat and prosperous by any means in their
power, regarding all the maimed and dead
human workers as mere incidents in the “in
dustrial history” of these United States.
But the safeguards thrown around the lives
of the heads of the corporations and trusts,
the solicitude with which a missing million
aire’s yacht is searched for by United States
cruisers, the swift justice (?) meted to any
one who tries by threat or act to jar the com
placency of the corporations, is a peculiar
phase of the peculiar table of values by which
the very rich are gauged, and the very low
value placed upon the welfare and the life of
the backbone of the country —the laboring
classes.
Mexico has ever been careless and indiffer
ent toward her poor laborers, so the loss of
sixty-eight lives by a mine explosion in a coal
mine across the Texas border will probably
not cause even a ripple of uneasiness among
the Mexican capitalists.
But it has been the boast of the people of
the United States that they were far advanced
over the Mexicans. Are thev?
dren, instead of begging for money
to buy “dear little flat-nosed ne
groes” in Africa?
JOHN W. NANCE.
PAGE FIVE