The Jeffersonian
r Volume Six
L Number Seven J
Public Opinion Througho l ; ;Union
R. S. V. P.
Our esteemed contemporary, the
Hamilton Herald, undertakes in its
last issue to answer several questions
the Exponent propounds anent the
effect the tariff schedule will have
upon tke average Texan, and yet it
doesn’t answer a single question.
We’ll be a little more explicit, and
ask the Herald the following ques
tions direct:
Will a duty on lumber cheapen or
raise the price of that commodity?
Will a duty on iron ore, when it is
considered the steel trust owns prac
tically all the ore beds in this coun
try, cheapen or raise the price on
steel products, such as nails, wire,
and various other products of this
nature? W
Will a duty of $4 per ton on wood
pulp cheapen or raise the price of
print paper, such as the Herald uses?
Does not a past experience with the
trusts prove that a high tariff raises
the price of these commodities?
If so, does it not follow,-as a natu
ral consequence, that it is beneficial
to the manufacturer and detrimental
to the consumer?
Did not strong Bailey adherents
help build the platform which the
junior Senator repudiates and did he
raise his voice in protest at that time?
Does not the Democratic platform
call for free wood pulp and free lum
ber, and was not the “Juniah Seni
tah” elected on said platform?
Is the “think tank’’ of said Senator
superior to that of the entire Demo
cratic party? R. S. V. P. —Pioneer
Exponent, Comanche, Tex.
THE PARTY NAME.
The men you employ to make laws
for you in Washington are doing it
with a vengeance. Take, for instance,
their laws regarding postal affairs.
Not only do they give the railroad
corporations eight times the price for
hauling the mails that the railroads
charge for hauling the same number
of pounds of express on the same
trains, but they charge you sixty
times as much as Germany charges
for the same service. But even that
is not all. German merchants can
ship any weight of package up to
eleven pounds across the Atlantic and
across the American continent
through our mail system for less than
you can send it five miles. Any for
eign merchant can use the United
States postal system for one-fourth
to one-half less than what you have
to pay.\ Those blessed Congressmen
you have been voting for all your
lives have been doing this to you.
But in your ignorance of what they
are doing you continue to elect them
year after year. All you know about
A Weekly Paper Edited by TH OS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
politics is the sound of the party
name. Now, isn’t that about true?—
The Messenger.
THE MAN WHO PAYS THE TAXES.
The man who owns a little moun
tain farm, a steer, sewing machine
and a few chickens bears the burden
of the taxes. His property is nearly
always assessed at its full value. On
the other hand the capitalist who
owns his thousands, and sometimes
tens of thousands, of acres of fine
timber and mineral land has his
property assessed at one-half or less
than half its value. Something
wrong. That’s the condition of af
fairs in Swain county today.—Bryson
City Times.
ALWAYS WRITE YOUR NAME
PLAINLY.
This, from the Progressive Farmer,
is so much to the point, and covers
so many of our troubles, that we wish
each of our subscribers would read it
carefully, and do for the Jeffersonian
what Mr. Poe asks his readers to do
for his paper:
“For just one moment please, look
on the little yellow label tag, and see
if your name is printed exactly right.
If not, drop us a postal and say, ‘You
have my name John R. Mills; it
should be John W. Mills’; or, ‘You
have it Robert H. Brame’; it should
be Robt. H. Broome.’ Now, while the
dull summer season is on, we have
plenty of time for correcting all such
errors, and we should like to get
them all corrected. Also if there is
any error in your label date, tell us
about it right now and don’t wait till
we ask for your renewal and then get
mad. Especially if you are getting
two papers do we wish you to notify
us immediately; give us the names
and dates exactly as they appear on
both labels and tell us how you think
the error occurred.
“And all this leads to another
point: When writing us —or anybody
else—always write your name very,
very plainly. Perhaps half the errors
in our subscription department come
from the failure of subscribers to
write their names plainly. Any ordi
nary English word, if indistinct, we
may guess at from the context and
with the help of the dictionary, but we
have no way of guessing a man’s sur
name or initials, nor any dictionary
of surnames to help us out, nor any
context to illuminate our darkness.
Unless you are going to write care
fully, better print your name. And
when you send in other people-’s
names, of course, the same rules ap
ply. People sometimes send us lists
of subscribers so carelessly written
that our clerks cannot read them, and
Atlanta, Ga., Thursday, July 29, 1909
then we are bk " x the trouble
that inevitably ret <,s.
“Write the rest of your letter as
carelessly as you please, but always
make names and addresses so plain
that he who runs may read.’’
SELFISH AND SECTIONAL.
Never before in the history of the
country has Congress attempted to
enact a more selfish and sectional
triff law than the Payne-Aldrich bill
which is now under consideration in
Congress.
Notwithstanding the vigorous ef
forts that have been made to secure
a just and liberal reduction of the ex
cessive and burdensome Dingley
rates they have been unsuccessful.
When the question of revising the
tariff was agitated more than a year
ago it was without doubt the general
understanding among the voters that
the high schedules would be reduced.
Notwithstanding this belief Con
gress proceeds to make numerous in
creases in the already too high rates
and the taxpayers and consumers
will be compelled to bear additional
burdens where they had a right to
expect relief in view of the agitation
for a revision of the tariff.
The Eastern manufacturers and
trust magnates have forced upon the
country the most selfish and section
al bill in the history of tariff legisla
tion. The consumers ask for bread
and they received a stone.
Will the people, who love justice
and fair dealing forever submit to
such humbuggery? Will they con
tinue to place confidence in the party,
controlled by Aldrich, which has so
grossly betrayed the trust confided to
it?
Why was there any agitation re
garding the tariff question if it was
not intended that the people should
have some relief from the great bur
dens imposed by the Dingley law?
If Senator Aldrich and the other
Eastern Senators who are supporting
him in his fight to increase the tariff
schedules, had frankly stated before
WATERLOO
“Tom Watson’s Waterloo is superb. It is Napoleon staking crown and
empire, fame and happiness; and all our heart is in the fight. We help
dispose the forces; we study the sky; will the elements befriend the Man?
We watch Wellington coldly; he is a great general, but his blood is ice, and
yonder is—Napoleon! We wait for Grouchy; he is breakfasting*with leis
urely elegance, and Napoleon—Napoleon is waiting for him! We send
courier after courier, message after meessage. We watch the face of The
Man. The afternoon shadows are lengthening. . . . O, God! where
is Grouchy?
“That’s Tom Watson’s Waterloo. It lays your heart at Napoleon’s
feet.”
Handsome letterpress and paper, cloth bound. Price $1.50; post
age 15 cents.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, - - - Thomson, Ga.
the election that the Dingley rates
would be increased would President
Taft have been elected?
Aldrich was shrewd enough to
conceal his real purpose to increase
the rates by remaining silent before
the election.
Isn’t this a fine specimen of states
manship?
Are the voters generally so indif
ferent to their real welfare that they
will tolerate such chicanery and
humbuggery and deception?
The time has come when the mass
es of this country should rebuke
such treachery on the part of men
occupying high official positions.—
Lincoln, 111., Times-Courier.
ABOUT THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY
There are those no doubt who hon
estly believe the Democratic party
stands for something, as a separate
and distinct party. That’s a mistake.
When 55 members of the National
Senate and House claiming to be
Democrats, will walk right over and
vote for the Aldrich high protective
tariff duties to protect the trusts, its
certainly time to see the object and
aims of the National Democratic party
leaders. Why join a second hand
party, whose final object is to deliver
you to the Aldrich, or trust, wing of
the Republican party? As we have re
peated a hundred times, we prefer
our politics first hand. The idea of
being buncoed by the Democratic
party, just to be delivered bodily to
the Republican trusts and machine
manipulation, never appealed to us
as the proper thing to do. That’s the
only object today for keeping life in
the Democratic party,—just to keep
the trusts in control by joining issues
with the Republican leaders in every
“pinch hit” stage of the great na
tional game of politics.—Messenger,
Smith Center, Kan.
Elbert Hubbard, Beatrice Fairfax
and a few other wise ones might
make a hit by telling how to keep a
cook in the summer.—Rome (Ga.)
Tribune-Herald.
Price, Five Cents