THT SOLID SOUTH
The recent criticisms of Mr. Taft
concerning political conditions in the
South, coupled with the restiveness
under these conditions of a small con
tingent of resident white Republicans,
has already provoked considerable dis
cussion ; and would seem to render
timely an examination from a South
ern viewpoint, of the justification for
these conditions, as well as the ad
visability of any change from the
South’s forty-year policy of solidar
ity.
It is not proposed to discuss either
the wisdom or unwisdom of our fol
lowing blindly and solidly the Demo
cratic or any other political party,
whose course may be shifted and
changed by changing political poli
cies. That is an entirely different
matter, as we might easily shift our
solid political support to any party
that would offer us the hope of deliv
erance from the body of that death
to which we are yoked.
The solidarity of the South, how
ever, is not to be classed as merely a
political policy, it is rather a matter
of sacred sentiment and principle,
coupled with a necessity so stern that
to abandon it would be as if some
shipwrecked mariner in a storm
tossed sea should soberly contem
plate the abandonment of a floating
spar that carried with it the only
hope of life and salvation. The wild
horses on the pampas of South Amer
ica when attacked by the wolves, im
mediately form a circle, putting their
heads in the centre and presenting a
solid phalanx of heels to their ene
mies. It is an instinct older than
human nature that a common danger
makes a common cause, and compels
united action.
In order to get a clear idea of the
existing situation and its raison
d’etre, let us take a rapid cursory
survey of past events leading up to
and formative of present conditions.
This may also be of advantage for
the younger generation, lest haply
they might forget, or not fully ap
preciate the underlying principles.
Stripped of a voluminous historical
detail, the naked salient facts are
substantially as follows:
The colonists who settled this coun
try founded thirteen independent sov
ereign States, who built their politi
cal institutions upon the corner-stone
of the “consent of the governed,” as
the only warrant in law or morals for
any authority that should ever com
mand their allegiance. When George
111 violated this political princi
ple by taxing them without their con
sent, they invoked the mighty weapon
of solidarity in a righteous cause and
made war upon him, and emerged
from the struggle bearing upon their
victorious standards this principle of
the “consent of the governed,” ren
dered, doubly sacred by baptism in
the blood of the brave. Having thus
realized the value of solidarity when
united and fused together by a
righteous principle in the presence of
a common danger, they entered into
a partnership (“a league of friend
ship” are the exact words of the
document) with each other, as inde
pendent and sovereign units, and
wrote into their organic law those sa
cred and epoch-making words, that
“all governments derive their just
powers from the consent of the gov
erned.”
A time came in the conduct of this
league or partnership when there
arose great friction between these
partners, and believing that that wel
fare for which they had banded them
selves together was not only seriously
imperilled but about to be destroyed,
on account of the attitude of some of
the partners towards a form of prop
erty that has been fully recognized
by the law at the time of the partner
ship, the Southern States, believing
that the constantly growing feeling
towards this form of property would
prevent their longer remaining in the
partnership on terms of amity, there
fore announced their decision to with
draw from the same.
'Being free, independent and sover
eign States, and acting upon the time
honored principle that a compact vio
lated by one of the parties thereto
releases the other party from further
obligations thereunder, the Southern
States entertained no doubt of their
right to do this. This they proposed
to do peacefully, not questioning the
right of the other States to set up
such government as they saw fit. Then
it was that despite the entreaty of
Horace Greely and fair minded men
of his type who said, “Let the erring
sisters depart in peace,” the majority
raised the cry “The union must and
shall be preserved” and determined
by force to coerce sovereign States to
maintain a partnership, the terms and
spirit of which they themselves had
determined to change, and in many
instances, had changed. The issues
thus raised became casus belli, with
result we all know.
There was nothing left for the
South to do but to accept the gage
of battle thus thrown down. Having
agreed to settle the question by arbit
rament of the sword, like brave men
they accepted in good faith the result,
although against them, as a final set
tlement of the right of a State to
withdraw from the Union. Incident
ally, they also accepted as a further
result a matter that was not a direct
issue, but became so indirectly as a
wax' measure, viz.: the freedom of the
« FREE FREE I
! Photo of Thos. E. Watson »
(J Send us one NEW yearly subscription (not your IM
own) to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian or Watsons M
Jeffersonian Magazine at one dollar, and we will IM
mail you a handsome, two-bladed knife, with a M
transparent handle containing the latest photograph IM
HI of the Hon. Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand- M
IM forged out of the very finest English razor steel; IM
M the bolsters are of German silver, the linings of plate grc
W brass, all beautifully finished, (J The photograph IM
of Mr. Watson is life-like; it is the best that was
IM ever made of our editor and leader. <m
M This offer is good until the end of April, 1909. M
$ THE JEFFERSONIANS
M THOMSON, GA.
3eff«rsonian
=gy
5. C. McCandless
negro. Thus, then, two things, the in
dissolubility of the Union and the
freedom of the negro, were all that
the Southern people accepted as set
tled by the war.
I now approach that period of our
history that I fain would pass over in
silence, were it not for its bearing
upon present conditions. Every man
who laid down his arms at Appo
matox believed that the results of the
war were as stated above. Had it
been made known to them that these
negroes, their former slaves, were not
only to be freed, but were to be made
jurors to sit in judgment on them and
theirs, to hold office over them, and
by the ballot to have dominion over
the South, I am one who cherishes
the belief that they would have in
stantly revoked their decision to sur
render, and that thereafter every bat
tlefield would have been an Alamo,
and possibly the remnants of a proud
and brave people would be today
selling their lives as dearly as possi
ble in the mountain fastnesses of Vir
ginia and North Carolina. But hav
ing laid down their arms and while
utterly defenceless, terms were im
posed upon them which were never
made the issues of battle, and as they
conceived them intended for the hu
miliation of a prostrate foe. I allude
to the 15th amendment to the consti
tution.
This amendment was passed and
made part of the law of this land in
a time of peace without the consent
of the white citizens of the South, and
tried by that supreme test of all laws,
“The consent of the governed,” is
without binding force in morals or
law upon any white Southerner or his
descendants, and all that is behind it
now or ever has been since its unholy
imposition upon us are the bayonets
that enforced it from the beginning.
As long as this amendment remains
upon the statute book there can be no
looking back, or shadow of turning
to the right or left, from that soli
darity which has been our rock of
refuge in the past and alone holds out
to us hope for the future.
Mr. Taft in his recent inaugural
(Continued on Page Five.)
For Sale
Seven acres of land in College Park, all
in one lot; well watered; nice place for a
home; in ten minutes of Atlanta & West
Point Depot and street car line. W. D.,
354 Luckie St., Atlanta, Ga.
<£OA TO ALL SUFFERERS to intro
duce our Combined systems of
1?D Ct? healing. Enclose 4 cents postage,
rK r ■ Address Carl E. Johnson, Deca
******* tur, 111.
They Take All The Risk.
The Theo. Noel Company, of Chicago who
offer to send a dollar package of Vitae-Ore
on 30 days trial to every reader of this
paper who is in ill health, make an offer
which should strike every thinking person
as the right thing. They want no pay un
less Vitae-Ore really benefits the health,
which is different from doctors, who must
be paid even though their medicines do no
good. Read the Vitae-Ore advertisement
on last page of this issue.
Gainesville Nurseries
OF
GAINESVILLE, FLORIDA
Growers of leading varieties of Pecan Trees,
Satsuma Oranges on Citrus Trifoliata stock.
Field-grown Roses, Palms, Ferns, Ornamental
Trees, Plants and Shrubs. Send for Catalog.
H. S. GRAVES, Fropr.
I wish to state to the read
ers of this paper that I do
first-class Cleaning, Pressing
and altering. Phone 143 for
prices.
THOMSON PRESSING CLUB
Chai. Porter, Prop., THOMSON, GA.
Shingles Shingles
Shingles
Sold direct to consumer at from SI.OO to $3.00
perM. Address the manufacturer
J. T. EVANS Camilla, Ga.
Life and Speeches of
Thos. E. Watson
Mr. Watson tells us the story of his
life. His gallant fight for reform is
told in his speeches, which cover ev
ery social, political and economic ques
tion that has come to the front in the
last thirty years. The subjects that
are now prominent in the people’s
mind, —Child Labor, National Finance,
the Tariff system, National Banks, the
Government Ownership of Railroads—
are treated exhaustively.
Bound in cloth, illustrated. Price,
11.50.
Given as a Premium
For thiee subscriptions to the Jef
fersonian Magazine at SI.OO each, or
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at SI.OO.
Chew RED EYE Tobacco
IT COSTS A LITTLE MORE
BUT THEN
It Lasts Twice as Long
TAYLOR BROS., Mfrs. Winston-Salem N. C.
POULTRY.
Make Your Hens Lay More Eggs
1 have found a method that will
Fifv-A Vj make hens lay every day the year
I ’ 1] ’ round as in spring. A simple, inex
pensive means is used which never
fails. A trial will convince you.
Write for it today. Enclose stamp.
N. L. WEBB,I-4. Lam&ico, Texas.
Georgia Home Insurance Co.
OF COLUMBUS, GA.
Is a Home Institution. Organized 1859
Nearly a Half Century Old
Total Assets - - - Over One Million Dollars
Surplus to Policy Bolden - One-Half Million Dollars
Losies Paid Since Organisation. Over Five Million Dollars
PAGE THREE