"mi "Tt cc
C>l)e jJeffersonian
Vol. 7, Number 2
A Socialist, “Free ’ Argument
KWh
my good friends who lives in that
great city, I am indebted for a copy.
On the twentieth page of his booklet, Mr.
Harper says:
“The bead-roll of Genius is largely a list of illustri
ous illegitimates.”
Why is a statement of that sort necessary
to a Socialist “argument”? How is it ger
mane, relevant, important?
If the Socialists do not favor what we con
sider immoral sex relations, why an assertion
that bastards have furnished the world with
its chief supply of Genius?
The rakish man pursues some attractive
girl or woman, and she yields. The issue of
this informal mating is an illegitimate child.
According to Socialist logic, this bastard is
more likely to be a man of genius than the
boy whose parents went through a trial pe
riod of courtship, a further trial period of
engagement; and then married publicly, after
the usual fashion.
The Socialists claim that the “love-child”
is more apt to reproduce a blend of the best
qualities of the parents. That is true, cer
tainly; but is the bastard the only love-child?
Are not most brides and grooms in love with
each other, at the time their first-born is be
gotten? Do not millions of wedded couples
continue to love each other, devotedly; and
are not millions upon millions of legitimate
children the true and living pledges of the
purest, holiest love?
But this big-city Socialist contends that
the bead-roll of Genius, made up largely of
illustrious illegitimates, proves that Free
Love is right, and our one-wife system wrong.
If the facts support his assertion, they go a
long way toward making out his case.
But is his sweeping statement borne out by
the facts? Let us see.
William the Conqueror was a bastard.
Erasmus may have been—though, according
to Charles Reade, the father and mother of
the great Scholar and author considered
themselves married, and the mother was able
to produce “her marriage lines”.
Marshal Saxe was the illegitimate child of
the King of Saxony and the beautiful Aurora
of Konigsmark. The minor poet, Savage,
was a bastard: so was the Duke de Morny
and the Emperor Napoleon 111.
The great soldier, the Duke of Berwick,
was the illegitimate offspring of Marlbor
ough’s sister: Don John of Austria, who
won the great sea-fight of Lepanto, was the
bastard son of the Emperor Charles V.
A few other names might be added to this
list; but, in comparison with the men of ge
nius who were born in lawful, monogamic
marriage, the number of talented bastards is
absolutely negligible.
William the Conqueror was no abler man
than Alfred the Great, Edward I. or Henry
IV. Henry V. was a better soldier than the
N a furious pamphlet, Vincent
Harper makes a typical Socialist
attack on our marriage system.
The precious document was pub
lished in Seattle, Washington;
and to Mr. Elmore Scott, one of
A Weekly Paper Edited by THOS. E. WATSON and J. D. WATSON
ofHlanta, Ga., Thursday, January 13, 1910
great Norman—as were Ec ill., and the
Black Prince. And while the illegitimate
Duke of Berwick was a superb commander,
he wasn’t in the same class with his legiti
mate uncle, the Duke of Marlborough.
Marshal Saxe and Don John of Austria
gained famous victories; but neither was the
peer of Cromwell, Turenne, Conde, the Duke
of Parma or Gustavus Adolphus.
The bastard who displayed the most splen
did military genius was Prince Eugene, son
of one of the nieces of Cardinal Mazarin; but,
with all of his achievement, he failed to win
a rating equal to that of Frederick the Great,
Marlborough, and Wellington. Most judges
would probably place both Wallenstein and
Gustavus Adolphus far above Eugene.
The unquestionable fact is, that all of the
world's greatest military commanders were
bom in lawful wedlock. Alexander the
Great, Hannibal, Caesar, Constantine, Belisa
rius, Scipio Africanus, Pompey, Lucullus,
Titus, Trajan, Charlemagne, Charles Martel,
the Duke of Luxembourg, Marshal Vendome,
Henry of Navarre, the Archduke Charles,
and Blucher, were legitimates. So far as I
can recall, not one of Napoleon’s Marshals
was a bastard; and, of course, he was not.
Wellington and his Generals were legiti
mates. So were Moltke, and his great lieu
tenants: so were Lee and Grant—they and
their subordinate generals.
Who among the illustrious poets, states
men, orators, financiers, inventors, philoso
phers, lawyers and artists of our great white
race were bastards?
From Chaucer to Shakespeare, Pope, Mil
ton and Dryden down to the days of Burns,
Byron, Moore and Scott; and then on, to the
era of Browning, Landor, Swinburne and
Tennyson, what English bard) of the higher
order) has been the product of lawless love?
What really illustrious European orator,
statesman, or man of Letters was a bastard?
The Duke de Morny and his half-brother,
Napoleon 111., can not be rated as states
men. The legitimate Sully, Richelieu, Tal
leyrand, Metternich, Stein, Cavour, Bismarck,
Chatham, Pitt, Fox, Burke and Gladstone,
throw both those bastards into the deepest
shade.
Where is your orator that was a “Free-
Love” child?
Mirabeau, Danton, Vergniaud, Chalmers,
Chatham, Curran, Grattan, O’Connell,
Brougham, Canning, Sheridan, Fox, Web
ster, Prentiss, Clay, Randolph, Patrick Hen
ry, Erskine— why) all orators of the first class
have been ligitimate children.
The same thing is true of the original, crea
tive thinkers of our masterful race. Not one
of them was a bastard. Erasmus was a spine
less fribble, compared to the dynamic Luther,
Zwingle, Wycliffe, Knox and Savonarola.
Where are the illegitimate historians? Gib
bon, Macaulay, Green, Carlyle, Hume, Hal
lam, Motley, Mommsen, Duruy, Parkman,
Robertson, Thierry, Froude and all the other
creators of modern history, were the glorious
fruit of one-wife, ceremonial marriage.
The same general statement applies to the
leaders in philosophy, science and in art.
What great ruler and state-builder of me
dieval and modern times was a bastard ?
Recall the names, and point out your “il
lustrious illegitimate”. Here is a partial list :
Louis XI., Henry of Navarre, Henry IV. of
England, Gustavus Adolphus, John of Barne
veld, William the Silent, Frederick of Prus
sia, Peter of Russia, Charles V., Theodoric,
Theodosius the Great, Richelieu, Cardinal
Ximenes, the Duke of Sully, William Pitt,
Count Cavour, Bismarck, Clive, Cromer, Dis
raeli, George Washington, Thomas Jefferson,
Cecil Rhodes: to these should be added the
names of Danton and the Great Committee
which held the wheel during the storm of the
French Revolution. Napoleon, of course,
must be placed at the head of the class. In
view of this splendid array of legitimates,
Alexander Hamilton, the bastard, cuts rather
a sorry figure.
It may be that Abraham Lincoln was not
the son of the man who took Nancy Hanks
to wife. If Mr. Lincoln was an illegitimate,
another name would be added to the list of
exceptions: that is all.
The rule is, that the master minds are those
of children born to couples living “in the
holy bonds of matrimony”.
In lawful, one-wife marriage, talent is of
ten transmitted for several generations. The
Pitts of England furnish an example; the
Walpoles another; the Burleighs another.
We have seen the same thing in America,
conspicuous illustrations of it being fur
nished by the Adams family of Massachu
setts, the Bayards of Delaware, the Pierces of
Georgia, the Lamars and the Breckinridges,
of Mississippi and Kentucky.
One of our grandest Georgia orators trans
mitted his genius to his legitimate children;
but his “woods-colts” showed no talent at all.
Look at the European “houses”—the
Medici, the Princes of Orange, the Bourbons,
the Hohenzollerns, the Hapsburgs, the Ro
manoffs, the Rothschilds, the royal family of
Savoy, the Cecils of England! See how the
distinctive strength of the men is handed
down from generation to generation.
The annals of these houses present very
striking proofs of the possibility of conserv
ing and perpetuating, in monogamous mar
riage, the strongest qualities—something that
Socialism and Free-Love would make impos
sible.
Teasing Those Three Judges
UPPOSE the Court of Appeals
should, unanimously, decide that
nobody could now be punished
for horse-stealing, because all the
horse-thieves who were living
when the Legislature adopted the
statute on that subject, are dead,
Mr ii i i
—what would be your candid opinion of that
“decision” ?
Well, sir, that’s just about what the Court
did in the case of Thornton and Manry—
two of the Neal Bank wreckers. (The other
one was C. T. Ladson, Esquire.)
Away back yonder, before the Civil War,
(continued on page five)
Price, Five Cents