day, Governor. The train doesn’t pull out for
New Orleans until the day is past and the
night is come.
What was it that couldn’t spare you from
the Executive Office one day, Governor?
Was it something that you did not foresee
when you accepted the invitation?
Did it bob up, sudden like, and take you by
surprise? If so, tell us what it was, Governor,
there are at least a million men in Dixie who
would have sincerely appreciated the act had
you unselfishly gone to New Orleans and spo
ken a ringing word in their behalf. Your per
sonal attendance would have given some proof
of your sincerity, your willingness to help,
your readiness to take a hand in the struggle
which the cotton grower is making against
the terrible odds which threaten him with ruin.
But you wouldn’t gfo. To the farmers of
Georgia and of the South, you couldn’t spare
one day,—not a single day.
When your own personal interest was at
stake, you abandoned the Executive Office for
months, your Secretary was detailed for edi
torial work on your Atlanta Journal, and the
Executive Clerks became your campaign
clerks, and the Governor of Georgia was rep
resented by a negro porter.
This scandal spread itself over week after
week, and no amount of criticism could check
you in your deliberate abandonment of your
post of duty, and your putting the interests of
the state in subordination to your own self
interest.
When it appeared, during the recent Presi
dential campaign, that Bryan might be elected,
you fixed your eyes upon a Cabinet position,
and you rushed into the campaign to make
speeches for Bryan, offering to devote your
whole time to his service. For a week at a
time, you were out of the state, with Josiah
Carter sitting on the lid at the Executive of
fice.
In each of these notorious instances, you put
your personal interests above those of the
state. You abandoned your post of duty to
do something for yourself.
But when the discouraged and mistreated
farmers of the South ask you to give them one
day—just one day —you suddenly become a
martyr to duty.
“I am in the midst of official work!”
Official work that can not be denied nor
postponed. Official work which has no bow
els of compassion. Official work which the ne
gro porter can not stave off for a single day.
Official work which keeps the lid dancing in
such clamorous fashion that even Josiah Car
ter can not be trusted to hold it down.
The truth is, that after a cool, crafty con
sideration of the whole matter, Hoke Smith
reached the conclusion that his trip to New
Orleans would not be of any benefit to himself.
That settled it. Hoke is cold and Hoke is sel
fish : and as there was nothing in it for him
self, he didn’t take the trip to New Orleans.
He broke his word, as he alwavs does,
WHEN IT IS TO HIS INTEREST TO
BREAK IT.
»6 >6 16
Ury an 9 s Personal Weakness.
Jos. M. Brown was Democratic nominee for
Governor of Georgia. In spite of the secret,
bushwhacking opposition of Gov. Hoke Smith
and the Atlanta Journal, Mr. Brown beat his
rival candidate by more than 110,000 votes.
Before the same constituency, and aided by
Gov. Hoke Smith, the Atlanta Journal, and
quite a number of negroes, Mr. Bryan carried
Georgia by a pitiful 13,000.
This shows how much weaker than his party
is Mr. Bryan, even in this state.
In Nebraska, after the most herculean and
pathetic efforts and after the absorption of the
Populists and the winning of the whiskey vote,
Mr. Bryan ran behind his ticket. Other Dem
ocrats, running at the same time, received in
his home state, a much la’rger vote than was
given to Mr. Bryan. ; ,
In Indiana, where the Peerless attended
Jeffersonian
Kern’s notification and took all the glory and
the talking unto himself, Bryan ran behind the
Democratic state ticket 30,000 votes.
In New York, the Democratic State ticket
headed by Chanler and trying to beat so good
a man as Hughes, got 130,000 more votes than
Bryan.
In Minnesota, Governor Johnson ran ahead
of Bryan by 100,000.
In Ohio, Brvan was in the rear of the Demo
cratic state ticket by 95,000.
In Michigan, he was 140,000 behind; and in
Illinois the Democratic state ticket ran past
him to the extent of 150,000!
And why did Bryan develop such amazing
personal weakness?
Because he has shifted his ground so often.
Because he wobbled about so much during
the recent campaign.
Because he had endorsed the Roosevelt poli
cies and claimed to be Roosevelt’s heir. This,
of course, helped Taft.
Because his platform had left him nothing to
talk about that offered any real hope to the
masses of the people.
Because he has taken up and then dropped
too many “paramount issues.”
Because he had cut loose from the radicals,
and had not gained the confidence of the con
servatives.
Because he was dumb when the President
impaled him with that direct question,
“Where do you stand on this labor bill
which Mr. Gompers says embodies the de
mands of ‘Labor’?”
The nature of that bill is explained else
where, and Mr. Bryan’s failure to reply con
tributed much to his rout.
16 >6 *6
An Appeal To Our Friends.
Comrades, the two Jeffersonians are exert
ing every energy in the effort to do a great
educational work for our people and to keep
before the eyes of the young the highest stand
ards.
Do you not appreciate this fact? Are you
not willing to encourage us in the work?
Take a little of your time, and get up a club
of subscribers for us. It would mean a vast
deal to the paper and magazine if you would
devote ONE DAY to this task.
•6 * >6
The Kentucky School Late.
The Supreme Court of the United States,
passing upon the Kentuckv law which forbids
the co-education of whites and blacks, holds
that the States have the constitutional right
to forbid mixed schools.
This decision is of sac reaching importance.
Now that the Democrats of Nebraska have
full control of Bryan’s home state, will they
rid that state of the mixed schools in which
the Bryan children were educated?
* Will the Democratic legislature compel the
University of Nebraska to discontinue the ma
triculation of negro boys and p-irls?
Bryan’s daughter and one of his sons were
graduated from this Social Equality school.
Another of Mr. Bryan’s sons, William J. Bry
an, Jr., is now a student of this mixed institute.
The Democrats of Kentucky want separate
schools for their negroes, but they voted for a
Presidential candidate who prefers to educate
his children on a plane of Social Equality with
the negroes.
16 16 H
Taxes Increased Ten Million Dollars.
Railroad managers announce that the in
crease in freight and passenger rates which
they have decided to put into operation Jan.
1, 1909, will yield the corporations ten million
dollars per year.
In other words, the taxes on your property
and persons in transit have been increased to
that extent.
You were not represented in the delibera
tions of the men who put this additional bur
den of taxes on you. Nd voice bf yours was
heard there, nor can you resist the fax. You
must pay it, —thankful that the increase is not
twenty millions instead of ten millions.
Private ownership of public utilities is a fine
thing, isn’t it? You love it dearly, don’t you?
It wouldn’t do for the Government to own
the railroads as the Government does in Eu
rope. If the Government owned our railroads
the people would have voice, vote, and influ
ence in the fixing of rates.
THROUGH YOUR REPRESENTA
TIVES YOU YOURSELVES WOULD FIX
THE FREIGHT AND PASSENGER
RATES.
In that case, the principle of “no taxation
without representation” would be honored in
the observance.
But you don’t want to have any influence
over such matters, do you?
You’d rather pay whatever a secret meeting
of railroad kings agree on, wouldn’t you?
•6 «6 »6
Habe We Deteriorated?
“Few women,” says the Rev. Dr. Leavill,
waxing expansive under the soothing influence
of an ample and appetizing dinner, “would
leave their homes, their friends and all the at
tractions of life to follow their husbands into
a foreign land as did the women of Colonial
days.”
To this, the editor of the New York Worjd
replies that, “measured by the standard of her
grandmothers, it is possible that the modern
woman shows signs of deterioration, but that
it would be difficult, nevertheless, to prove that
she has deteriorated more than the modern
man.”
It is a queer sort of defense—to say one sex
is no more on the retrograde than the other.
Both are apparently in a bad way, if coward
ice and selfish apathy and shrinking from the
sterner conditions of life be universally prev
alent.
But is it true?
In the immediate vicinity of New York, per
haps, there are no longer forests to be cleared,
but there are dens of vice into which brave
men and women do not hesitate to go, even to
take up their abode as settlement workers, in
order that they may uplift and benefit the
“lower five.”
The path pointed out by the unerring com
pass robs the trackless sea of its utter isola
tion, and human inventive genius has over
come most of the crudities of travel in civil
ized countries, but how about the trackless air?
What of the aviator, who trusts himself to a
greater uncertainty than ever did the builders
of the frailest water barque that ever timidly
set out upon the deep?
Is it not a fact that humanity is now as
strong and noble and daring and true as ever
it was? Isn’t it reallv better? Os course, we
know more about the evils we have to bear
with, and we fight them the more strenuously
because our eyes are opened to their wide
spread existence and we have grown away
from the ancient idea of bearing with fortitude
every form of injustice and oppression. Hu
manitv is not deteriorating because it does not
exterminate savages where none exist, nor vol
untarily seek unnecessary hardships, but the
stuff of which heroes is made has not yet per
ished from the land.
There remain yet wildernesses to subdue—
South America, Africa, Australia, are full of
hardy pioneers busily and quietly engaged in
making the path straight for future Rev. Lea
vills to follow. They have not time to ban
quet, or to proclaim the decadence of other
people. Heroic men and women in this, our
present day and time, will not rightly be
judged by their contemporaries, but by future
generations. One day the womenkind who are
so excoriated by professional critics may be
referred to in veneration as “our heroic grand
mothers, who journeyed in fragile aeroplanes
and followed their husbands upon ice-floes to
the Pole,” while the stalwart men of this era
will ultimately attain the god-like measure; that
we are so eager to bestow upon the prominent
personages bf the past.
PAGE NINE