Master did. I could give you the names of
Methodist parsons, as well as Baptist minis
ters, who could tell you some things that
would show you what it costs to sympathize
with a reform movement.
Brother A. J. Lazenby is a native of Mc-
Duffie County and was in the Tenth Congres
sional District during the fierce struggles of
1892-3-4-5-6. He will have a feeling recollec
tion of the fact that the preachers who drew
big salaries in city churches were usually
very bitter against us, and that the denomi
national papers were all on the side of in
trenched and marauding wealth.
I am sure that Dr. Lingo had such as this
in mind, and that he did not mean to say that
every preacher and all preachers were ene
mies to the truth.
ÜBS
The Other Cheek, Dr. Broughton
The paragraph of the Washington (D. C.)
Herald is a miscellaneous hitter who .lams
away in all directions, and manages to get a
whack at nearly everybody endurin’ of the
year.
Here is what he does to our beloved pastor,
Dr. Len Broughton:
“Rev. Len G. Broughton, of Atlanta, in the
course of a recent sermon advised the Georgia
Legislature to pass a law ‘requiring women to
know how to cook.’ It probably would be as in
effective as a statute requiring Rev. Len G.
Broughton to know how to preach.”
Wow I That was a hard one. Now, Doc
tor, turn the other cheek.
® ®
Senator Stone and the Pullman
Porter
Senator William J. Stone, of Missouri, is
affectionately and widely known as “Gum
shoe Bill”. He won this endearing title by
the noiselessness with which he sucked polit
ical eggs and hid the shells.
But the nickname has been gravely compro
mised if not imperiled.
The Senator, last week, loudly and publicly
slapped the face of a negro porter in a Pull
man car, and now William J. is in the center
of a rapidly moving cyclone of fuss.
First of all, Gum-shoe Bill was rudely ar
rested by a common policeman, carted off to
the station like a mere ordinary John Henry,
was held in non-glorious detention by irrev
erent officials, and was released in the usual
way with the understanding that he come
back ami stand trial.
It seems that the Senator was thirsty, as
well as hungry, and desired to be speedily
served with drink, as well as meat. Scotch
whiskey was the peculiar tipple which the
Senator thought would quench his thirst,
while lamb-chops would alleviate his hunger.
The trouble between Gum-shoe Bill and the
nigger appears to have had its origin in the
fact that the Senator wanted a large tumbler
of water to be served along with the Scotch
whiskey. According to the story told by the
Senator, the porter brought a small glass of
the fire water and also a small glass of the
other kind. This made G-s. Bill mad. He
had ordered a large tumbler full of the drink
ing water; he had been served with a small
glass of it, —hence his indignation and alarm.
Peremptorily commanding the nigger to fetch
the large tumbler, his anger was augmented
when the brother in ebony came back bring
ing the tumbler, with ice in it, but no water.
To add to the Senator’s fury the lamb-chops
and other foodstuffs had not shown up at all.
Various passengers,—to the right, to the left,
just in front and just behind, —had been
served, and were eating and drinking with
undisguised and swinish satisfaction. And
here was a Senator, an Ambassador of a
great State, sitting in contumelious neglect,
unable to procure for immediate and pressing
Obe
needs so common a thing as a sufficiency of
drinking water!
Barring the Senatorial element, which of
course aggravated the situation, I have been
there myself. What G-s. Bill felt, the Jef
fersonian has felt. What he said to that por
ter differed in no material detail from what I
have felt constrained to say.
And when to the studied neglect of the sable
servitor was added the insolence of reply to
a gentle remonstrance, the slapping climax in
my case was about the same as in that of the
Missouri statesman.
Therefore, the Jeffersonian hails with de
light, and a luxurious sense of vindication, the
conduct of Gum-shoe Bill in banging that
sassy nigger. I glory in the fact that the mag
istrate dismissed the case against the Senator,
and said that he had done the proper thing.
There are many Pullman porters who are
polite and attentive and who, while they rob
you, do it in a nice, smooth, conciliatory man
ner. But some of these negroes get so pam
pered and insufferably insolent that they de
serve killing. They neglect passengers who
give small orders, giving a monopoly of ser
vice to those whose orders are large, for ilie
reason that the large tip goes with the large
order. A small order cannot be expected to
earn anything more than a small tip,—hence
the failure to serve it.
Passengers whose dress and whose modest
patronage of the buffet indicates lack of
wealth, are invariably made to feel the con
tempt of the supercilious porter.
® g @
This Farmer Means Business
In Kentucky, as in other states, there are
people who will run over you, if you let ’em.
Hunters are somewhat celebrated for tres
passing and taking chances. If you don’t
catch ’em, they are happy; and if you do,
they ease off by pleading that they didn’t
know it was your land, didn’t know it was
posted, or some other old excuse.
A certain farmer in the mountainous por
tion of Kentucky, where they shoot straighter
than they spell, has lost all patience at the
way in which hunters have been invading his
farm, trampling crops, etc., and he has stuck
up the following notice:
“Trespassers will B persekuted to the full ex
tent of 2 mean mungrel dogs which aint never
been overly soshibul to strangers, and 1 dubbel
barl shot gun which aint loaded with soft pillors:
dam if i aint gittin tired of this hel raisin on my
farm.”
We venture to predict that this notice will
do the business.
[g] [a] g]
Editorial Notes by J. D. Watson
The conference report on the Tariff bill has
been agreed on by the committee, and the bill
is now before Congress for its final passage.
As we predicted, the Aldrich crowd has
won.
All of the talk about President Taft having
made Congress come to his terms and revise
the tariff downward is mere bosh.
The Tariff bill, as it leaves the committee,
suits the Trusts.
It is true that many raw materials are ad
mitted free, but the finished product, or man
ufactured goods, are, in most cases, taxed as
much as before.
How is the consumer benefited when the
Trust is allowed to bring in raw material from
a foreign country free, but makees the con
sumer pay as much for the finished product
as he would have to pay for the finished
product made abroad that has a heavy tariff
duty upon it?
* * *
Under the proposed new schedule we see
New England, as usual, play the hog and get
everything.
The Leather Trust can ship raw hides from
Canada free.
The Canadian tanner or manufacturer can
not ship his leather or shoes to this country
free.
No, he must pay an almost prohibitive tariff
to compete with the American manufacturer.
Therefore the Leather Trust is to be al
lowed to rob the consumer more than he is
now being robbed.
The Trust is allowed to import its raw ma
terial free and make the consumer pay the
Trust the tariff that the foreign manufacturer
would pay the Government.
As the New England leather man has been
protected so has the New England manufac
turer of cotton goods, woolen goods, and about
everything else that New England manufac
tures.
* * *
The Western farmer is to be given free
twine to tie his wheat, and that is about all he
gets.
The Southern farmer is to pay a duty on
the bagging in which he wraps his cotton.
Then after he wraps it in the bagging on
which he pays a tariff he is to ship it to the
New England spinner and pay another tariff
duty when he buys it back in the shape of
cloth.
* * *
“We approve, commend and unqualifiedly in
dorse the stand taken by President Taft in the
matter of tariff revision. We are counting on him
to see to it that the party’s platform promise of
revision is redeemed by the enactment of a tariff
bill acceptable to the people, and we would ap
prove of his veto of any bill that does not con
form to his construction of the platform pledge,
which he has said means ‘revision downward
within the limitations of the protective principle.’
We look to our Senators and Representatives in
Congress to sustain the President in this position,
and we commend them for their efforts in support
of the party pledge and the President’s policies.
“We approve and indorse the Brown resolution
adopted by Congress submitting to the several
States for their action a proper constitutional
amendment empowering the Federal Government
to levy and collect taxes on incomes.”
The above is the tariff plank unanimously
adopted by the Republicans of Nebraska.
Wouldn’t it be a good idea for some of our
Democratic states to take similar action and
urge their representatives to stick up to their
platform pledges?
g] g] |a]
The conference committee has settled one
important point, and that is the duty on
lemons.
Lemons are to have the highest rate asked
for, and the California Senators get the credit
for it.
The city urchin can no longer use the ex
pression. “he got er lemon” or “give ’em er
lemon”, for hereafter the lemon is to be a pro
tected luxury.
The man who had the courage to make a
fight for a high tariff on peanuts was a brave
man, we thought, but the lemon champions
are equally as brave.
® ®
United States Supreme Court Justice Brew
er made a very senile attack on the Income
Tax bill in a speech at Milwaukee the other
day.
The Justice is afraid that if the Govern
ment is given the power to tax incomes “we
will see the States taxed not out of their ex
istence, but out of their vitality.
How refreshing it is to see a Supreme Court
Justice champion the cause of the States
against the National Government.
But hold on a minute, what has been Jus
tice Brewer’s course on the Supreme Bench?
He has written some of the decisions which
enable the corporations to rob the people.
A corporation Chief counsel could not have
written a decision which pleased the corpora
tions better.
Don’t worry so much about the States being
pauperized, Mr. Justice Brewer.
At the worst the States can take care of
themselves just about as well, if not a little bit
better, as their rights have been taken care of
by the Supreme Court of the United States.
PAGE THIRTEEN