PAGE SIX
THE WHITE TAIT CLITIS ORGANIZED
"By Hon. Washington 91. Poe
Sunday’s issue, July 20, of The MacQii Tele
graph contained the startling announcement
that a 11 white Republican Taft Club had
been organized and our postmaster was select
ed as president and our assistant postmaster,
secretary and treasurer. We are informed by
a leading colored republican that five whites
and himself were all who were present at the
meeting, that he found that he was not expect
ed to remain. He therefore retired leaving
the work of organization to the five whites.
A committee of six was • appointed to look
after the membership. The meeting also ap
pointed a committee to draft for publication
an address to the people of Georgia, urging
the formation of Taft Clubs throughout the
state, with a view (o active work during the
campaign. ’ ’
This initiatory step in a political revolution
in Georgia, coming as it does so soon after
the Denver so-called democratic convention,
whereat Bryanism offered insult to Georgia
so malignant that we wonder that Georgia’s
delegates did not withdraw, but with appar
ent indifference and unruffled tempers they
remained until the mob forced upon their party
that political ringster, newspaper globe trot
ter, paid lecturer, half populist, one-fourth
socialist, and four-sixteenths blowhard, Wil
liam Jennings Bryan.
1 say this organization of a white Taft
club in Bibb county, Georgia, is a fitting ad
junct to the howl of the mob of the Denver
convention, while the bands, with screamng
horns, accompanied their yells with 4‘March
ing through Georgia.’’ Marching through
Georgia! Were any of the Georgia delegates
old enough to recall the ruin, desoluation, and
devastation which remained in the track of
those vandals, creatures of the republican
party? Did any of Georgia's delegates hear
"JUST TO'R TUN’—Hy John J. Ottinger
In Washington Post
“He who goes with the crowd, may possibly
go in the wrong direction,'’ says the Oil City
Blizzard. Quite right; especially if the crowd
is going to pull off a lynching or mob an um
pire.
That Western gentleman named Zero Snow,
who recently visited Chicago, is cordially in
vited to come to Washington this summer, so
that we can see how long he will last when
the thermometer registers 100 in the shade.
“Mother Eve at any rate never wore a
sheath gown,” says the Birmingham Age-
Herald. No; nor a Mother Hubbard, nor a
bustle, nor hoopskirts, nor a long list of other
things peevish man has been finding fault with.
An lowa contemporary finds fault because
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
the echo of the wail of Georgia and other
Southern women, a wail of despair more ter
rible than death, while they were in the
clutch of Sherman’s bestial soldiers, while
“marching through Georgia”? Did any of
Georgia’s delegates hear or know that at
Ogeechee bridge our war-worn soldiers, who
followed this army of house burners, fought
Georgia negroes, armed to kill and rob their
old masters and mistresses by that army of
bloodless victors, while “marching through
Georgia”? History repeats itself and was re
peated by the republican party who claim
that “they saved the union.”
Mr. Jefferson, in his draft of the Declara
tion of Independence, said: “He (the king
<>f England) has waged civil war against hu
man nature itself. Violating its‘most sacred
rights of life, and liberty, in the persons of a
distant people who never offended him, cap
tivating and carrying them into slavery in an
other hemisphere, or to incur miserable death
in their transportation thither. This piratical
warfare, the opprobrium of infidel powers, is
the warfare of the Christian King of Great
Britain: determined to keep open market
where men should be bought and sold, he pros
tituted his negative for suppressing every leg
islative attempt to prohibit or restrain this
execrable commerce, and that assemblage of
horrors might want no fact of distinguished
dye, he is now exciting those very people to
rise in arms among us, and to purchase that
liberty of which he has deprived them, by
murdering the people upon whom he also ob
truded them, thus paying off former crimes
committed against the liberties of our people,
with crimes which he urged them to commit
against the lives of another.’’
This passage was struck out when the Dec
laration of Independence was adopted. I
“a writer in one of the newspapers occupies
a page in trying to tell what the socialists
want.” We presume it does look like a waste
of space to those who keep track of what the
socialists get.
After the successful and spetcacular man
ner in which Judge Parker killed that rattle
snake in Montana he deserves to be placed at
the head of the Democratic campaign-lie-nail
ing bureau this year.
Some women spoil their stay at the seashore
by worrying over the bad habits they are sure
their husbands are contracting in the city
during the summer,
As everything is quiet in his vicinity, we
presume Prince Helie has really found it fin
leave the substitution to the reader of New
England slave traders for that of Great Bri
tain, and the republican army, saviors of the
Union, and their acts in arming negroes while
“marching through Georgia,” in confirmation
that history repeats itself.
White men of Georgia, Southern men, true
and tried, recall these scenes, and vote, if
you can, for your friend and leader who was
nominated to the echoing tune of “Marching
through Georgia. ’ ’
Young men of Georgia, read the biographies
of Thad Stevens, Garrison, Phillips, Beecher,
Brownlow, Moses, Bulloch, and be history of
the days of reconstruction in Georgia and the
South, then if you are willing to surrender
your manhood, enroll your names as members
of (he Taft White Man's Republican Club of
Georgia.
The opposition to Bryanism by Georgia's
delegation to the Denver convention and the
nomination of Bryan virtually places Geor
gia in the position of a bolting democratic
state should Bryan be elected, for Georgia, will
have no part in his administration. Why
vote for Bryan rather than Watson? Is he,
or his party, more consistently democratic that
Watson’s ?
Can't you afford to lose a vote-on Watson,
a son of Georgia, as well as on Bryan, the
crucifix on the cross of gold, the silver
knight of the La Platte?
Does Taft and his party’s record appeal to
your southern manhood more strongly than
does the patriotism of twenty years’ labor
of Watson for pure Jeffersonian democracy?
Bryanism will not help you, nor will it sat
isfy your appetite for democratic food, you
can’t exist on chaff.
Georgians, what are von going to do about
it?
easy matter to live on his wife's income of
SI,OOO a day.
“A campaign cannot be run on alfalfa,”
avers the Charlotte News and. Courier. Cer
tainly not. when the men managing it have
fried chicken appetite.
It s a mighty weak boy who can't lift his
weight in watermelons these days.
“Oxaluria” sounds more stylish than “ner
vous prostration,” and, of course, the physi
cians will have the nerve to charge accord
ingly.
Nowadays no man is a face card in the
political deck till he gets his portrait on the
souvenir postals.