PAGE EIGHT
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta. Ga., January 11. 1907. as second crass mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. 14 Nov. 4, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in money orders
or exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
“Over in Alabama 99
Was the headline of an editorial in this
paper, three or four weeks ago.
The week following, another editorial on
the same subject appeared, quite different in
its tone.
The first article was based upon one alleged
state of facts; the second upon another.
Hence the difference in the two editorials.
Certain Alabama people had sent me news
paper clippings, in which accounts were given
of the breakings open of private dwellings;
brutal ransackings of women’s trunks, bu
reaus and beds; rudeness to wives and daugh
ters of citizens who were absent from home
at the time the violent invasions were made.
In one house, a pint of whisky was located in
a bureau-drawer; in another (the dwelling of
a beer-drinking German), a few bottles of
beer were said to have been found, —less
than half-a-dozen, as I remember.
From these newspaper dippings, it did not
appear that the officers showed any search
warrants. In the Birmingham case, where
the German’s home was ransacked in spite
of the entreaties and protests of the wife of
the absent owner, it did not clearly appear
that the violators of the home were even offi
cers, of any kind. And they neither exhibited
any warrant, nor claimed to have one.
Without being aware, at that time, of the
alleged Birmingham outrage, I based the
first editorial on the Mobile case, as described
in a Birmingham paper (the Age-Herald. ac
cording to my recollection,) and I say, right
now, that had the law and the facts really
l)een what I believed them to be, when
“OVER IN ALABAMA” was written, I
would never have taken back one single word
of it, —never!
But almost immediately after its publica
tion, friends in Alabama began to mail me
stacks of clippings and private letters, going
to prove that both the Alabama law and the
Mobile facts were altogether different from
what I had supposed.
Consequently, it became a duty to write the
second editorial.
Stating that the evidence had misled me, I
did what every honest and manly editor does,
—made the correction which the truth re
quired.
Even yet, there is such a conflict over what
actually happened in the Mobile and Birm
ingham cases, that an outsider is all confused.
But there can be no doubt as to the Ala
bama law authorizing search-warrants. That
has been quoted, and no one disputes it.
Since 1852, any citizen could have had the
house of another searched, provided he made
oath that such house contained property in
tended for unlawful use.
To safeguard homes against an abuse of
this peculiar law, however, it is further pro
vided that any one who swears out the war
rant “maliciously and without probable
cause” shall be severely punished.
Therefore, those Mobile and Birmingham
citizens who allege that they 7 have been made
©be. 'Seffersonian
the victims of an outrage, can make some
body smoke for it.
But since the Fuller act makes a different
situation from anything ever known in Ala
bama before, the home should be safeguarded
against malice, envy, hatred, and suspicion,
by an amendment to the search-warrant laws.
The absence of probable cause, and the fail
ure to find evidence that the searched house
is a depository of intoxicating liquors, intend
ed for sale, should be made prima facie proof
of malice, in the person who swore out the
warrant.
* * * $ *
A friend having sent a copy of the Fuller
bill, I have glanced through it to find out
whether certain charges made against it are
well-founded.
(1) Does it grant immunity from punish
ment to one who, “maliciously and without
probable cause”, swears out a search-warrant?
IT DOES NOT.
Section 29% merely means that when the
witness against the Blind Tiger testifies to an
unlawful act of his own, his evidence can not,
elsewhere, be used to convict him of that un
lawful act, nor shall he be prosecuted for
that act. The perjurer gets no exemption
from punishment, in the Fuller law.
(2) Does it take away the right to have a
trial by jury?
IT DOES NOT.
Not only will defendants indicted for un
lawful selling or furnishing have the same
right to trial by jury that persons indicted
for other offences have,, but even in the
search-warrant hearings, they can have a jury
trial on demand in courts of record, by de
mand in those courts (when the warrant is
sues from them) or by appeal from the. lower
courts.
(3) Does the Fuller law put upon an in
dicted person the burden of proof? Does it
require the accused to establish his innocence ?
IT DOES NOT.
In the case where intoxicating liquors are
found in the private dwelling, the State must
prove the intent to sell, or otherwise unlaw
fully dispose of the liquor found. In the
case where the liquor is discovered in some
building or place where the law has made it
unlawful to keep the stuff, the presence of the
liquor is, and ought to be. evidence of an in
tent to violate the Fuller law.
Why should it be otherwise? When the
State, in her sovereign capacity, forbids her
citizens to store certain liquors in certain
places, and the citizen violates the law, by
keeping the stuff at one of those places,— why
should the State furnish additional evidence
of his Intent to violate the law? As he has
already done it by storing the stuff, unlaw
fully, why shouldn't he be made to satisfy
court and jury that he did not mean to dis
pose of it, unlawfully?
The strategy of those who led the Prohi
bitionists into this fight was bad. If the
amendment wins, the dry men will gain noth
ing which they did not already have. If the
amendment loses, the tide of reaction will
sweep away the Fuller law, too.
FOR THAT VERY REASON, I
WOULD, WERE I AA ALABAMIAN,
FIGHT FOR THE AMENDMENT, LIKE
FIGHTING FIRE.
I find that the Fuller law does not put it
in the power of malicious or fanatical people
to annoy and outrage the feelings of others.
On the contrary, the individual who seeks to
have a search-warrant issued must go before
a magistrate, or a judge, of a court of record,
and make out a prima facie case, by offering
such evidence as convinces the judge that the
warrant should issue. If any house is im
properly searched, the fault is that of the ju
dicial officer who is too easy to convince. Un
der the Fuller law, the mere making of an
affidavit does not authorize the issuance of the
search-warrant. EVIDENCE MUST BE
PRODUCED.
Not only must evidence be taken before the
warrant issues, but it must be reduced to
writing. The amount of testimony necessary
is the same as that which is required at a
commitment court.
No matter how just any given law may be
in itself, there are frequent instances of mis
takes and wrongs in its enforcement. This is
due to human nature. If properly enforced,
there is no danger to the sanctity of the
home, in the Fuller law.
After a careful consideration of the salient
features of the Fuller bill, my firm conviction
is, that no one need be afraid of it, excepting
the citizen who wishes to violate the law, by
storing intoxicating liquor in some other
place than a drug-store, a physician’s medical
shop, a deacon’s closet for sacramental wine,
or a private dwelling where such liquors are
kept for family and hospitable uses.
Indeed, the Fuller law does not allow any
searches at night, unless “the place or prem
ises are open”.
® IS !S
Now is the Time to Throw Off the Hu
miliating Badge of Reconstruction, and
of Our Defeat in the Civil War, to wit:
the Fifteenth Amendment,
At last our time has come. New England
has overreached herself, and in the passage of
the infamous Aldrich Bill compelled Presi
dent Taft to break his pledge, dishonor his
word and incense the great West. No longer
is the imperious strength which has been de
veloped west of the Mississippi River to be
counted upon as a New England asset. Never
will the strong legions that came out of the
West to trample upon the South, answer
bugle-call to do that kind of thing for New
England, again.
More than that, the negro has shown to the
entire civilized world what he is. That there
are some good negroes, no man denies. We
lose one of them every time one of the old
time darkies dies. They are perishing, day
by clay, and those of them that, remain consti
tute an inconsiderable minority. There are a
few educated negroes of the younger genera
tion who are also good citizens; but where we
find one of these men who is willing to stay in
the place where his inferiority naturally puts
him, we find a thousand such insolent, aggres
sive negroes as Bishop Turner, of Atlanta,
and Booker Washington, of Tuskegee, who
are putting the very devil into the minds and
hearts of the younger negroes by their teach
ing, either in word or in example, that the
negro race must have social, industrial and
political equality with the whites.' They nev
er have had it; they have not got it; they
never shall have it. We will drive the last
one of them out of this country, before they
shall degrade our civilization, or pollute our
homes.
The fact that the negro is a constant men
ace to the white woman, and a source of cor
ruption in our politics, is now a recognized
fact throughout the Union. So thoroughlv
have the Northern statesmen of the more pro
gressive type become convinced that it was a
colossal, criminal mistake to thrust several
million savages into the body politic, that the
Roosevelts and the Tafts have looked on with
acquiescence while we passed those disfran
chisement laws which “whipped the devil
around the stump”. Upon the idea that a
half a loaf is better than no bread, and that
Rome was not built in a day, these laws were
worthy of the efforts which were made to en
act and enforce them; but we have now
reached the stage where we must boldly annul
the F ifteenth Amendment. We can do it. If
there is any manhood in the South, we WILL
do it.
How ?
Let every Legislature in Dixieland pass a
plain, simple law restricting voting and office
holding to white males of twenty-one years of