army to the Pullman Palace Car Company to
crush striking workmen, in Illinois, at a time
when the Democratic governor of the state
protested that the State authorities needed no
federal interference.
John G. Carlisle was a member of Cleve
land s Cabinet, and Carlisle is for Bryan —Car-
lisle the attorney and legislative manipulator
for the Whiskey Trust; Carlisle who, while a
Cabinet officer, wrote the Sugar schedule of
the Wilson-Gorman Tariff act, doubling the
duty on common sugar and molasses, thus re
paying, at the expense of the people, the Sugar
Trust for its half-million-dollar contribution to
the Cleveland Campaign fund.
And Hoke Smith exultantly notes the fact
that all the old Cleveland gang arc now
“earnestly and sincerely” favoring Bryan.
k are railroad presidents, the Sugar
Trust, the Tobacco Trust, the Standard Oil
crowd, and so forth.
Could there be higher and better evidence
of Bryan’s abandonment of the cause of the
common people than is furnished by the
“earnest and sincere” support given him by
the Cabinets of Cleveland’s second administra
tion ?
*
Good —Tor Libingston.
Washington, D. C., September 29.
Hon. Thomas Watson.
Dear Sir: Last night Congressman Living
ston of Georgia, with wife and daughter, at
tended the Shiloh Baptist church (colored), be
tween 16 and 18 L street, N. W., to hear Rev.
Waldron (colored) speak for Bryan.
Why does he do here what he would not, or
dare not, in Georgia? It was not curiosity.
It was simply to see whether Waldron was
delivering the goods paid for by Livingston’s
committee.
It is well to let the Southern people know
what many of their congressmen are doing
now in the North toward truckling to colored
voters to get them for Bryan.
Yours, etc.,
L. A. LADD.
(Note: We are not inclined to criticise Liv
ingston for going to the Negro church at night,
accompanied by his wife and daughter. Know
ing the Livingstonian habits as we do, we are
glad to learn that he can be located in Wash
ington City at night in so respectable a place
as a Negro church, and in such good company
as that of his wife and daughter.)
V
Suppose Watson Had Done It.
f Once upon a time a Bryan admirer of the
name of Bennett, went upon a visit to the
Bryan home. While a guest in the—house of
the Peerless, this Mr. Bennett felt moved of
the Spirit to make his will, and to leave fifty
thousand dollars to Mr. Bryan. He had al
ready given money to the Peerless to the ex
tent of $12,500.
When Bennett proposed that Mr. Bryan
should draw up the will the delicacy of the sit
uation should have been apparent to the host.
He should have advised Mr. Bennett to defer
the matter, and not to make his will while a
guest in the Bryan home, under the influence
of the Bryan environment. Above all, Bryan
himself should have declined to write the pa
pers. He should have suggested to his friend
Bennett the obvious impropriety of such a
thing, and advised him to have the instruments
drawn up by some other lawyer.
But Mr. Bryan felt no embarrassment what
ever. Lie drew up the last will and testament
of Mr. Bennett, in which the testator be
queathed $50,000 to Mr. Bryan.
Within a comparatively short period Bennett
died, and Bryan stepped forward to claim the
legacy. The widow attacked the will, and set
it aside. Bryan had not drawn it up according
to law —and so he lost the estate, although the
court allowed him a considerable sum as exe
cutor.
To prove that Bryan fe.lt that he was doing
3effe’rsoniare
wrong in this matter, he. did not include the
legacy clause in the body of the will. The
Bryan legacy was put in the form of a sealed
letter which was to be opened by Mrs. Bennett,
and no one else. In this sealed letter Bennett
was made to request his wife to give Bryan
$50,000, AND TO KEEP THE GIFT A
SECRET.
If Bryan had felt right in doing this thing
he would have put the legacy' clause in the
body of the will, along with the other legacies
and testamentary directions. But he wanted
to hide the transaction, and therefore he hit
upon the clumsy device of the sealed letter and
the secret gift.
Suppose the man who did that had been a
Populist, of the name of Watson, would he
ever have heard the last of it?
H H
You Can Afford Vote as to You Please.
Irrespective of any higher consideration,
there is a very practical reason why you can
vote as you please in this campaign without
any feeling of hurting the country. Those peo
ple who say that they don’t wish to throw
away their votes are going to vote for either
Taft or Bryan, upon the ground that one or
the other must be elected President, and, there
fore, they will choose which of the two they
prefer to support.
The reasoning isn’t sound so far as anything
that is going to happen to the government is
concerned. It docs not make any difference
which of these two candidates get your ballot.
If Taft is elected, he can’t make any material
change in ouj; laws, for the simple reason that
the Senate is a stand-pat body. Roosevelt tried
in vain to move it, and if Roosevelt could not
do anything with the Republican Senate, Taft
won’t be able to do it. If Bryan is elected, the
Republican Senate bars his way to reform leg
islation, even if he should try his hand as a re
former. If Roosevelt could not do anything
with the Republican Senate, is must be clear
to us all that Bryan could not hope to do it.
Therefore, as one or the other of these lead
ing candidates must, of necessity, be elected,
neither of them needs your vote, consequently,
you would be safe in casting it for the Popu
list ticket if your inclination suggests that you
do it.
You have been voting for many years for
candidates that you knew nothing about. You
have been voting for Northern men and West
ern men who are not identified with you in any
way whatever. In this particular campaign,
the Populists present to the Southern people
a Southern man whose every conviction, senti
ment and interest is Southern. It presents to
the West a Western man, a true man in every
sense of the word. Compared to Kern or Sher
man, Judge Williams, of Indiana, towers like
a giant amongst pigmies, and he is as pure in
character and purpose as he is strong in men
tality and principle.
Friends of the South and West, this is one
year when you can afford to vote just as you
please.
H IS H
The Truth About Disfranchisement.
By the adoption of the constitutional amend
ment which deprives ignorant, illiterate ne
groes of the ballot, white supremacy is assured,
and the way opened for two political parties
of the whites. The fear of negro domination
can no longer be used as the unanswerable plea
against the division of the whites.
Years ago, Democrats and Populists com
peted against each other for the larger share
of the negro vote. Both Democrats and Popu
lists went too far in their efforts to get it.
Great credit is due to Congressman Hard
wick for the lone hand he played in the Georgia
Legislature for Disfranchisement. His fellow
Democrats refused to support him. He could
never muster more than a Corporal’s guard for
his pet measure. In a legislature that was
wholly Democratic, not a peg could Mr. Hard
wick move. The patriots had needed the negro
vote to beat the Pops, and they feared that
Watson was not so much dead as playing pos
sum —hence they wanted Sambo left where he
could help save the country from Populism
again, if Watson should once more toot the
horn. Consequently’ Hardwick couldn’t do a
thing with his pet measure.
The beautiful Hoke did not lift his mighty
voice for Disfranchisement, in these days. No.
No, indeed! Those were the days when Hoke
was climbing into Cleveland’s Cabinet on the
shoulders of such endorsing colored bishops as
Henry M. Turner, and was ladling out U. S.
patronage to dozens of negroes, including the
Bishop Turner outfit.
In those days the patriotic Atlanta Journal
had not discovered the merits of Disfranchise
ment. Not a bit. of help did the Journal give
to the lonesome Hardwick.
Thus matters stood when, in 1904, the Demo
cratic party got tired of the virtuous minority,
abandoned its own platform, and went over to
the Republicans on the vital issues of the day.
Both the old parties having deserted the
creed of Jefferson, a faithful few of the Old
Guard of Populism met at Springfield, 111., and
virtually said to me:
“Mr. Watson, we have no one, now, to speak
for the good old doctrine —won’t you do it?
Bryan has deserted us; the Democratic party
no longer pretends to be Jeffersonian; Wall
Street and plutocracy has committed both the
old parties to the hateful school of Hamilton;
Bryan has broken all the vows that he made
to the people —won’t you leave your books,
come out of your retirement, and take up the
work where Bryan left it off?”
That was the call that came to me —and you
know how it was answered.
Speaking in Atlanta on the night of Septem
ber 1, 1904, I made the proposition which vital
ized the issue of Disfranchisement.
The proposition was that, if the Democrats
would run a candidate for governor, pledged to
the disfranchisement of the ignorant, illiterate
negroes, I would do my utmost to influence
every Populist to vote for it.
Mr. Hardwick saw his chance, and jumped
at it. At my house, he and I mapped out the
plan of campaign and agreed upon a candidate.
It was Pope Brown. Hoke Smith was not
mentioned. As an original proposition, I would
net have consented to support that colossal
Adonis.
Why? (1) Because he had been identified
with Cleveland’s second administration, the
most abominable debauch of class legislation
this republic has ever known. (2) Because he
and his paper, the Atlanta Journal, had been
the most unscrupulous liars against Populists
generally, and me in particular, that had ever
falsified our record and misrepresented our mo
tives. (3) Because he had tried to disfran
chise us, to rule us out of the white primary,
virtually saying that we were no more entitled
to vote than the negroes.
But when Pope Brown was persuaded to re
tire in Hoke's favor, and Hoke took his stand
on the platform which Hardwick and I had
made —what was' I to do?
To get Disfranchisement, to remove the fear
of negro domination, to insure white suprem
acy, to clear the way for two political parties of
whites, and thus take the first step in the
great work of leading the South back to her
rightful place in the Union, I subordinated my
personal preference to the object which had
prompted the proposition of September 1, 1904.
In this connection it may not be improper for
me to say that 1 pointed out to Mr. Hard
wick that'it would be impossible for me to take
an active pffct for Smith until he and his organ,
the Journal, had repudiated some of the abom
inable slanders they had circulated against me
—vile falsehoods similar to those which he and
his' organ are telling in this campaign.
Those who heard or read the addresses which
Hoke made in 1906 will remember how he hung
_ (Continued on Pago Twelve.)
PAGE NINE