.KNOW why he violated his oath in that way?
Don’t be mealy mouthed about it. Get
SASSY, and stay so, until you get your Sena
tor and your Representative to feeling that you
ain t dead, and that you are paying attention
to the way they are squandering your money,
n n h
Holv Pennsylvania Deals With Pape.
On a Sabbath day, in February, 1909, Charles
Bowman, a citizen of Philadelphia, was walk
ing along Spring street. As “he- was passing
the front of the house numbered 1007, his at
tention was attracted by a letter, lying on the
sidewalk. Opening it, he read these words,
“For God’s sake, come and rescue me from
a life that is worse than death.”
Charles Bowman called in the police, num
ber 1007 was searched, the padlock of a cer
tain door was broken and in the room they
found lying,—terribly emaciated and guarded
by a negro man, —a white woman, 24 years of
age. Her name was Lillian Washburn.
She was a poor orphan girl of Reading, Pen
sylvania, and she had gone to Philadelphia to
get work. T*he second day after her arrival,
and while taking a meal in a restaurant, she
„,.had been drugged. While unconscious the
negro, Alfred Brown, bad taken her to his den
and locked her in.
■ There he assaulted her, and kept her for his
.sensual use for seven months. He had not
allowed her, once, to leave the room. Not one
peep of sunshine had she been able to get, dur
ing all that awful time. What she had to suf
fer, every day and every night, makes one
shudder to think of.
At last, she managed to steal an envelope
and strip of paper from the negro man’s coat.
On this scrap she penned her appeal for help.
Most fortunately it escaped the eyes of the
jailor and ravisher, Alfred Brown, and fell into
the hands of the white man, Bowman.
Now, let us see what the evidence against
the rapist was. There was .the padlocked door,
the fearful condition of the room, the pallor
and emaciation of the girl, her physical condi
tion showing “the usual crime.” and the fact
that the negro lived in the house and was
guarding the door. In addition to this cir
cumstantial testimony, there was the direct
evidence of the white girl herself.
But because the negro, Alfred Brown, de
nied it all, the magistrate who tried the case
found him guilty’of nothing more serious than
keeping a disorderly house.
This Pennsylvania judge sentenced the
brutal ravisher and jailor of this poor orphan
white girl to one year in the house of correc
tion !
Is it any marvel that the crimes against wo
men show a frightful increase in the North?
From many sources comes the information
that young girls mysteriously disappear, and
are either found dead afterwards, or are never
heard of again. Some are outraged and killed;
some are drugged and hurried off into the dens
of infamy; some are dragged to cellars where
they are violated and abandoned; some are
kept locked up in private rooms, as Lillian
Washburn was held by Alfred Brown. Not
long ago, we commented on a case where a
Northern judge sentenced a negro to a few
months’ imprisonment for raping a white wo
man. In the Pittsburg cases, where outrages
were multiplied against white school girls, not
a single negro was given any real punishment.
A mild sentence in the “House of Correction”
was deemed sufficient.
House of correction for a beast who will as
sault a woman?
You might as well hope to cage a tiger with
a cotton basket.
The chances are that when Alfred Brown
comes forth from the House of Correction, he
will kidnap another white girl, lock her in the
room at number 1007, and be more careful with
Jeffersonian
his envelopes and paper. THE NEXT VIC
TIM WILL NOT WRITE ANY NOTES.
She will be kept as long as wanted and then
secretly put out of the way.
H H H
Interesting Pleading.
The following item has been going the
rounds:
“Homes Sent by U. S. Will Aid Earthquake
Sufferers.
“Rome. Feb. 20. —Lieut. Commander Belk
nap, the American naval attache, is going to
Naples to take over the 3,000 wooden houses
sent by the American government for the
earthquake sufferers. About three-fifths of
the houses are destined for Messina, where
some of them will form a street in the new
city, which will probably receive an American
name.
“ 1 he rest will be erected in a new village
suburb, which will be named Elena. The Ital
ian government is furnishing facilities for un
loading and transporting the houses, and will
also co-operate in their building.”
Very pleasant news, isn't it?
Suppose you ask your Congressman where
they got the authority to take the money, col
lected from you by taxation, and spend it in
building homes for the destitute people of for
eign countries. Upon what theory of constitu
tional right can a State, or the Union of States,
spend your public funds in that manner?
In all other nations, charity is the ’work of
individuals and societies. The governments of
foreign countries do not make appropriations
to relieve the destitute. But, in spite of the
fact that ours is a government of strictly lim
ited powers, do what they please
with your money.
Have we not as many as 3,000 homeless
families in America, that would be happy to
have the Government build houses for them?
How is it that Congress and the President can
lawfully have homes sent to 3.000 foreign da
goes, when everybody agrees that they cannot
constitutionally do the same thing for our own
people ?
W *
Ask Your Congressman.
• The first Congress which met under the
present Constitution fixed the pay of members.
'Phis was in 1789. The salary was put at six
dollars for each day of actual work. In addi
tion, each Congressman received ten cents per
mile, going and coming, to cover the expensive
stage-coach travelling of those days.
In 1816, Congress decided to raise its own
wages. A bill was passed which gave each
member a standing salary of fifteen hundred
dollars per annum, irrespective of the days of
actual work.
In those times, our people took a keen in
terest in their public affairs. Members of
legislatures and of Congress were held to strict
accountability. If the people disliked any act
of their legislative bodies, they punished the
wrong-doers at the next election.
The copduct of Congress in adding to its
own pay without consulting the taxpayers was
resented. The question was agitated through
out the country, talked of at every cross
roads, discussed in every little gathering.
Finally, public meetings began to be held to
denounce these greedy Congressmen who in
creased their own pay after getting into office.
GRAND JURIES SPOKE OUT, in their gen
eral presentments.
In New York the people were so clamorous
in their condemnation of Congressman Throop
for voting himself a $1,500 salary that he re
signed. The Legislature of Rhode Island
adopted resolutions gravely rebuking the ac
tion of Congress. At Lynchburg, Virginia, a
petition was numerously signed in which mem-
bers of Congress were reminded that they had
,known what the compensation of the office
was when they sought it, and that if they were
dissatisfied with the pay they ought to have
quit the job. In Nashville, Tenn., a mass meet
ing was held and every Congressman from that
State who had voted for the salarv grab WAS
ASKED TO RESIGN.
In the State of Georgia, there were great
gatherings of the plain folks, in Wilkes Coun
ty, in Putnam, and in Jackson. Speeches
against the salary grab were made and resolu
tions adopted denouncing the Congressmen
who voted for it.
What was the effect of this expression of the
popular will ?
AT THE VERY NEXT SESSION OF
CONGRESS THE OBJECTIONABLE LAW
WAS REPEALED.
The great Henry Clay was one of the men
who voted for the salary grab, and it was only
by the skin of his teeth that he got re-elected.
It was during this canvass that the incident
occurred with which you are doubtless fa
miliar. Clay asked a former supporter to vote
for him again. “Can’t do it, ’Squire. Your
vote for that Compensation bill cooked your
goose with me.” Clay adopted the penitent
attitude and said, “My old friend, you have a
trusty rifle, haven’t you?”
“Yes, I have—as good a one as ever burnt
the patchin’.”
“Well, did your rifle ever miss fire?”
“Yes, that has happened.”
Then said Clay, “What did you do with your
trusty old rifle when she missed fire, —did you
throw her away, or did you pick the flint and
try her again?”
The old hunter caved, just as the foxy Clay
knew he would, and the happy allusion to the
rifle saved the statesman’s political hide.
The Congress now sitting went into office
on salaries of $5,000. The men who ran for
those places knew very well what the salary
was before they were elected. Not a word did
they dare to say against the amount of the
wages WHILE THEY WERE SEEKING
THE JOB.
But after they got into office, they raised
their pay to $7,500 per year.
Dl® YOUR CONGRESSMAN DO THAT?
Write to him and ask.
The most baleful legacy of the Civil War,
perhaps, is the utter indifference of our people
to their public business.
There are thousands of men who will risk
their lives to save a few cows or hogs, in a
freshet or a blizzard, who won’t even read an
editorial in which they might learn how the
laws have been so manipulated that they are
robbed of at least two hundred and fifty dol
lars, per family, every year. There are thou
sands of intelligent women who will nurse a
sick chicken in a blanket on the hearth, with
the anxious care of a mother, but who will not
even listen to a speech that, properly under
stood, would be worth more to her household
than all the sick chickens she will save in a
life time. *
Last year there was a good chance to punish
those members of Congress who grabbed
$2,500 apiece out of the public crib. They
were under contract to serve for $5,000 per
year. THEY HAD NO LEGAL OR
MORAL RIGHT TO CHANGE THE CON
TRACT WITHOUT YOUR CONSENT.
But they did it. And the most discouraging
thing about it is that, although the grab was
made in a cowardly, sneak-thief manner, the
people took no offense.
New York drove no salary grabber from
* office. Lynchburg got up no indignant memo
rial. Nerth Carolina grand juries were silent.
Wilkes County had no word of denunciation,
nor did Putnam, nor Jackson.
The Jeffersonian spoke out, as usual, and
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE