lanta, and urge Mr. Smith to help Watson
kill that infernal bill.)
Hi ® ®
An Honest Preacher Raps the
Dishonest
The Pilgrim's Banner is the name of a mag
azine published at Graymont, Ga. Its editor
in-chief is Elder W. H. Crouse. He writes
lots of mighty good stuff, as per sample fol
lowing :
“Ministers Should Be Honest.
There are a few Primitive Baptist ministers in
Georgia who seem to have but little regard for
their financial obligations. They move to some
section and, when they have made a number of
debts, which they make but little or no effort to
pay, they move to another section and there this
is repeated. In almost every place they have
lived, there are store bills and house rent yet un
paid and a number of good brethren have been
persuaded to loan them money or go their secu
rity and then left to manage the debt as best they
can. The church, knowing all this, grants a letter
of dismission, not wanting to have any trouble
and being glad to get rid of him in this way, and
thus year after year this goes on and the Primi
tive Baptists have to bear the blame.
“Now, I speak only for myself, but I want it
distinctly understood that I do not propose to
uphold any one in such a course. A man that is
dishonest is not fit to be in the pulpit and any
minister who is guilty of these things will please
take notice that he is not wanted at my churches,
so far as lam concerned. In the past, the Primi
tive Baptists have been noted for their honesty,
and I do not propose to allow that reputation de
stroyed, if I can prevent it. It means something
to be a servant of God and minister of Jesus
Christ, and the man who has no more respect for
his Master, his brethren and the cause he has
espoused than to pursue the course some have,
ought to be put out of the service. This is speak
ing plain, but the Banner stands for righteousness
in all things and desires to clear her garments of
knowing how destructive this course is, and that
it is wholly at variance to the gospel of Jesus and
the principle of grace implanted in the soul, we
could not be true to our cause and remain silent.
“Brethren, there are ministers in Georgia guil
ty of these things. Do you propose to tolerate
it?”
We happen to know that what Brother
Crouse so bluntly and courageously says about
the Primitive Baptists would fit" certain
preachers of other denominations like a tailor
made suit.
(Too scared to say anything more, at pres
ent.)
G ■ i • - i. j;..
Express Company Robbery
Last week, I ordered from Theo. Schulte,
of New York City, “The History of the Bap
tists”, a 2-volume work by Rev. Dr. Armit
age.
The price of the books was $2.
The charge of the Southern Express Com
pany for bringing the package to Thomson
was sl.
In England, and in Continental Europe—
even in poor old unprogressive Spain,—where
they have the Parcels Post, those 2 volumes
could have been sent through the mails for 12
cents.
Why have we no Parcels Post, in this smart,
progressive and democratic republic?
Because the Express Companies would
rather carry packages at extortionate rates
than to allow the Government to do it on rea
sonable terms, as is done in the Old World.
No other country under the sun is so cor
poration-cursed as ours. The history of the
world shows nothing to match it.
When the Rate bill was on its way through
Congress, an effort was made to subject the
Express Companies to Governmental super
vision. They fought the proposition, and de
feated it.
The minority leader, Hon. John Sharp Wil
liams, sided with the Express Companies, and
helped the Republicans to keep them free
from Governmental control.
Yet, instead of punishing Mr. Williams for
his antagonism to the interests of the patrons
TJeffersonian
of the corporations, Mississippi promoted
him to the Senate.
The Southern Express Company is a Geor
gia concern, and could be handled by our
State Legislature and re-inforced Commis
sion, but nobody tackles it.
We’ve got five members on the Board now,
and a gilt-edged “rate-expert”, and a tip-top
lawyer; but, all the same, the Southern Ex
press Company is immune, just as it was
when we had only three Commissioners, no
high-priced “rate-expert”, and no cracker
jack lawyer.
® ® -
Bully for Old Georgia !
I can go to London without hanging
my head!”—cried Henry Clay, exultantly,
when the news reached him in Paris that An
drew Jackson had, at New Orleans, given the
best troops of Great Britain the worst licking
an English army ever got.
Before that, all American patriots were
ashamed. Detroit had been ignobly surren
dered to a mob of howling Indians: the “Bla
densburg races” had been run; Washington
was in flames; President Madison, his wife,
his Cabinet and his Congress, had taken to the
woods; all America was bowed in humilia
tion and grief. But Jackson’s thunderbolt
came crashing down at New Orleans. The
rifles of the farmers of the South did in the
War of 1812 what they had done at King’s
Mountain in the Revolutionary struggle,—
turned the tide and changed everything.
So Clay went to London, and did not have
to hang his head in shame.
Readers of The Jeffersonian know how
keenly mortified we have been at the refusal
of the Georgia Legislature to approve the In
come Tax. This incident has carried conster
nation throughout the ranks of the friends
of Democratic principles. It has rejoiced the
pets of Special Privilege everywhere. Wall
Street is happy over it. Tax-dodging mil
lionaires openly exult.
But it has been a severe blow to the reform
ers in every state of the Union. They cannot
understand why Georgia, a Democratic
State, —comparatively free from malignant
millionaires and “malefactors of great
wealth”, — should be so ready to screen the
rich rascals of the East and North from Fed
eral taxation. "
Consequently, we have been possessed by a
sense of shame, —shame that a body of repre
sentative men, fresh from the common peo
ple, should virtually declare by their votes,
that the burden of the Federal Government
must continue to rest upon the backs of the
poor; and that net incomes, swollen to enor
mous proportions by iniquitous laws, shall
not contribute a cent to the expense of the
Federal Go vernment.
But Governor Joe Brown has, in part, re
deemed the situation. So far as lay in his
power, he has given to lovers of justice and
equality the right to feel proud.
He resisted the tremendous pressure brought
to bear on him in behalf of Mitchell, the
would-be ravish er, and in effect declared, “No
matter how influential the family connections
of a criminal, he must pay the penalty of his
crime, just as the poorest, most friendless of
fender must doP
Bully for Gov. Jos. M. Brown! It was
high time that some official showed the grit
to teach the wealthy and well-connected crim
inals that we haven't got one law for the rich
and another for the poor.
Tn New York, the Sugar Trust law-break
ers have not even been indicted for their con
fessed stealage of nine million dollars from
the Government.
Tn San Francisco, the most convincing
amount of evidence was unable to convict Pat
Calhoun, —the Harriman-Hearst corruption
ist.
In Missouri, every one of the St. Louis
boodlers got through the net: not one was
punished.
In the Hoke Smith administration, a “well
connected forger and swindler, whose depre
dations amounted to more than SBO,OOO, got a
full pardon—Mr. Smith being such a flabby
snob that he did not have back-bone enough
to resist certain members of the kid-glove ele
ment of Augusta.
Thank God! We’ve found a man, at last.
Mitchell, deliberately, cautiously and elab
orately made every preparation to commit the
most heinous of all crimes, —the ruin of a
woman. And in this case, the woman stood
in such relation to Mitchell that the mere
lusting after her in his heart, was a most un
natural crime.
But he had always “stood well”, his people
were all respectable, influential people, and
they had already suffered anguish and mor
tification, and Mitchell was in poor health,
and had already been severely punished, and
to work out his sentence would endanger his
life, etc., etc., etc.
All this sickening twaddle came before
Gov. Brown in the Mitchell case, just as sim
ilar mush and bosh came before Gov. Smith
in the Tom Alexander case.
In the one instance, our Chief Executive
acted the spineless snob: in (he other, the
stern, impartial Judge.
Hurrah for Joe Brown!
It s the first time I’ve said it, but I sav it
NOW. J
It is as much a duty to praise, where praise
is deserved, as to censure where censure is
justly incurred.
IS L«J &]
Watch Out, Farmer!
Hello, Farmer, you foxy old thing, you,—
did you know that they had a trap set for a
man of about your build?
No. You don't know it, and you won't be
lieve it, —not until it’s too late.
That’s the way with you,—you foxy old
thing. Nobody can make you believe that
any sort of skin-game could be played on you,
until after you have been burnt.
You listen to the agent; you decide that
you have never met a nicer man; you believe
every word he says; you consider his propo
sition perfectly fair (and so it is), and you
scratch your name to the bottom of the print
ed note, when the agent blandly requests it;
and you take him at his word when he says
that the note corresponds with his conversa
tion. *ln that way you become the happy
proprietor of a patent for a new washing
machine, or an improved churn, or water
elevator, or window screen. I once knew a
foxy farmer who quit his cotton-growing to
travel around the country peddling a device
to release a runaway horse from the vehicle.
The agent had figured out a fortune in it, and
the foxy farmer bit at it, with prompt alac
rity.
The calculation was all right enough; but
by the time the foxy farmer had travelled
with that device about three months, he was
more than willing that some one else should
complete the journey to the end of the rain
bow.
And last of all comes the man who sells the
foxv farmer some shares of stock in a Perch
•/
eron stud-horse. When the f.f. arouses him
self to see himself as others see him in this
transaction, he hasn’t even got the strength
to “consult a lawyer’’,—much less fight the
case in court.
As Mr. Stephens’ client said to him in the
divorce suit, —after the wife had testified, —
“Well, ’Squire, I guess we’d better drap it,” —
so the owner of stud-horse stock is generally
willing to let bygones be bygones.
What I started out to remark, however, —
before I was interrupted in this ridiculous
way,—was, that the country voter is in great
danger of being disfranchised.
Mr. Hoke Smith’s new law requires that
registration must take place six months ahead
of the election.
(Continued on Page 12)
PAGE NINE