The Ad Man’s Galley
By fames Lanier,
The farmer is “it” today. Every
magazine and paper in the country
tries to reach the farmer and get him
as a subscriber. Many of the leading
monthly magazines have lately made
strong claims that a very large per
centage of their circulation does reach
the farmers.
There are surprisingly large num
bers of otherwise well-posted adver
tisers who believe that an advertising
appropriation confined exclusively to
the leading magazines will reach ev
ery class of people, from the Eskimo
to the Pueblo Indian, regardless of
color, religion or occupation.
The 11 Ohio Farmer, ’ ’ which has over
100,000 subscribers, recently mailed
out a thousand return postal cards to
names taken at random from its mail
ing list, asking the subscribers to mark
such of the eight leading magazines
as were taken in their homes. Nearly
80 per cent did not take any one of
the magazines, although they are gen
erally admitted to be the most popu
lar in the country.
This means that eight out of every
ten subscribers to a regular farm jour
nal do not read the popular magazines.
The situation, therefore, is that ad
vertisers using magazines can expect
to reach only a very insignificant num
ber of farmers, and if thev want the
fanner’s trade, they must go after
him through the publications that he
does read —the better class of farm
papers.
The Jeffersonian Magazine and the
Weekly Jeffersonian have never made
the claim that they are farm journals,
and nothing else. But the fact is that
they reach a larger percentage of
farmers, planters and ranchers than
many so-called farm and home publi
cations.
The manager of the Prudential In
surance Co. writes: “I consider that
an advertisement in the Jeffersonians
would put our business more promi
nently before the better class of farm
ers than any other publication in the
'South. The Jeffersonians are sub
scribed to and read by a large percent
age of the better class of farmers, and
their opinion goes a long way with
them.”
The old advice as to how to become
“healthy, wealthy and wise” has been
revised. It now reads —“Early to
bed, early to rise, work like h — and
advertise. ’ ’
“What makes the printer’s heart to
faint?
What makes the comps perspire ?
It isn’t ‘flimsy’ brought by hand,
Nor news by private wire;
But it’s everlasting sweating,
At an everlasting ad,
That breaks your heart to set it up,
And when it’s done, it’s bad.”
The Southern Advertising Journal
quotes Editor Poe, of the Progressive
Farmer, as saying:'“Southern farm
ers have more money than ever before,
and are buying more largely. There
has never been a better time for de
veloping trade in the South, and nev
er a time when advertising would pay
so well as now.”
The truth of this is borne out by
the fact that our subscriptions and re
newals are coming in at a lively rate.
We have had no Christmas boom, and
then a falling off, such, as most peri
odicals experience. Day by day a
steady stream of subscriptions is pour
ing in, and every day brings many let
ters from people who want to become
agents for the Jeffersonians.
We want agents—want them every
where, from the Atlantic to the Pa
cific and we will pay them well for
their work. We want the “kids” to
hustle for us, and we will take no end
of pains to get a boy or girl started
out right. One little crippled boy sent
us seven subscriptions the other day.
1 hat was his first trial, and he is now
going out to canvass the whole neigh
borhood. We are sending him plenty
of samples, and we expect him to turn
in scores of subscriptions. In two
days’ work he made three dollars and
a half, which is not so bad for a little
cripple, who has to bobble around on
a cruteh.
Teach a boy how to hustle, and he
will acquire a habit for which he will
be thankful all his life—and all those
dependent upon him will be thankful
for it. Teach a boy how to save—not
meanly, but sensibly, showing him the
uses of money—and you put him in a
position of independence for life.
The fashion of thought in the old
days before the war, that work was
for “niggers,” and not for the white
man, has passed with the conditions
that made an idle independence pos
sible. We all have tn hustle, or be
classed as “po’ white trash.”
Boys and girls, get out and earn the
luxuries you see and desire. You
won’t make enough, by selling the
Jeffersonians, to buy an automobile;
but you will get started on the road
that leads to autos and things. Write
to us, little girl and little boy. Write
to us, young ladies and young- men. It
is a friendly, sociable work that you
will be doing, and if you earn a hun
dred dollars a year, as any of you can,
if you try,—that’s nothing to be
ashamed of.
FREE TRIP AROUND THE
WORLD.
Send us a dollar for renewal or new
subscription to the Weekly Jefferson
ian, and you will get FREE fifty post
cards known as a Trip Around the
World, also a farm paper that will
teach you how to market your crops
profitably.
TOO LITERAL.
“Did that girl make good in the
candy factory?”
“No; she made goodies.”—Balti
more American.
iv i : yjg luinTny
Iwv^Smw "l lk v <Jr*lnF. H ml -w » vWllfll
"Twl * J ~1 i M
rKSKTz-c. c.“7£ te these are the kind that made south
CAROLINA FAMOUS FOR CABBAGE GROWING
They need no introduction. We guarantee FULL COUNT, safe delivery, and satisfaction or your MONEY REFUNDED. Send money with order
othetwise plants will be shipped c. o. D. and you will have to pay return charges on the money, thus adding to the cest of your plants’
Prices F. o. B. Young’s Island: 500 for $1.00; 1,000 to 4,000 at $1.50 per 1,000; 5,000 to 8,000 at $1.25 per 1,000; 9,000 to 20,000 at SI.OO per 1,000. Special
prices on larger quantities. Prompt attention given all orders and inquiries. .... A
Illustrated catalogue mailed free on application. V* GIBSONy BOX 33 y Young’s lsland y S.
'Gtje. Jeffersonian
FREE Dollar Bottle Vitaline
Dr. Rainey says: “My scientific form- On Trial /X
ula of Vitaline is the sure cure for the diseases and symp- ■_ py
toms mentioned below—it’s the most certain of all and
there is no doubt about this. Vitaline tablets are just the I HI I
treatment so many are looking for, what they should have fl lO flrT
and must have to be made strong, vigorous and healthy. It v -yww. IP ! KA
makes no difference how weak you are nor how long you fllJ ■M I i !■« fl
havehadyour trouble, Vitaline will easily over- fl Iw T ■>S i |
come it—it will not fail nor disappoint you.”
NERVOUS WEAKNESS,
Wornout Feeling, Weak, Aching Back, Lack of
Strength, Energy or Ambition, Bad Dreams, Poor —, n „ lb
Memory, Bashful, Restless at Night, Despondent. to get the bottle to you—that s
gestlon. Bad Taste or Breath, Sick Headache, Bloated, ML < nothing for them until you can say With ■
Heartburn, Sour Belching, Spitting Up, Catarrh, Gas. a glad heart that you have at last found I
Gnawing, Nervousness. v the right medicine. Pay us no money H
HEART WEAKNESS Fluttering, Skipping, Pal pita- until you are satisfied and willing, and ■
C . nCOtt ~tion, Pain in Heart, Side or it's all left to your judgement and say- I
Shoulder Blade, Short Breath, Weak. Sinking, Cold or so, which we abide by —that’s the I
Dizzy Spells, Swelling, Rheumatism, Throbbing in understanding.
Excitement or Exertion. Vitaline tablets acton the Vita- I
CATARRH— Hawkin k< s P Nose Running Watery Organs that generate the vital warmth B
or Yellowish Matter, or Stopped Up, " and the nerve force which makesone H
Sneezing, Dull Headache, Coughing, Deafness; Pains fee) strong, vigorous and healthy, I
in Kidneys, Bladder, Lungs, Stomach or Bowels may Vi ’fc equal to all the duties and pleasures of I
be Catarrh. robust strength and life. They give you B
BLOOD TROUBLES General Debility, Paleness, vigorand vitality every day and restore ■
BUWU I KVUBIXa-Thln, Weak. Run-Down, Ner- J - o u so quickly and completely you I
vous, Rash, Sores,Ulcers, Pimples, Chilly or Feverish, never know theie was anything the I
Loss of Flesh and Strength. matter.
_ Vitaline tablets are guaranteed under B
U. S. Pure Food and Drugs Act—Serial I
Dr. Rainey Medicine Co., Dept. 81, IS2 Lake St., No. 3877—y0u have never had anything I
Chicago- I enclose four cents postage. Send at once like them, combining their wonderful B
by mail In plain package SI.OO bottle Vitaline Tablets healing and strengthening power.
VI? 1 ' ?P d ‘V* Mtlsfactory I will send you We send you our beautifully illustra- I
$ LOG, otherwise I Will pay you nothing. ted book, “Vitality”—you have never ■
■■n seen one like it. Our testimonials from B
Name ' a, people cured after ten to forty years of I
xTurzte doctoring will convince you of all we B
claim for Vitaline. z •
Address —————.
The Best Fertilizers for Corn
That the yield of corn from the average farm can be greatly in
creased by intelligent and liberal fertilization has been repeatedly
demonstrated. Large crops of good corn result from preparing the
land well, using the right kind and quantity of fertilizer, good seed
and proper cultivation.
Virginia- Carolina
Fertilizers
will greatly “ increase your yield per acre ” of corn or any other crop.
In some cases remarkable results have been obtained.
Mr. C. W. Caruthers of Sumpter County, Fla., writes: “Words
cannot express the value of your fertilizer. It is really so far ahead
of other companies’ goods, that it would not pay anyone to use other
brands, were they given free and put in the field. I can prove what
I say to be a fact I made a test on five acres. I used on one half
the land your fertilizer and on the other half another company’s fertil
izer, same grade; the land received the same cultivation every time.
I kept a correct account of the amount of money I got off each half
and I got S3OO more from the land on which I used Virginia-Carolina
Fertilizer than I did off the other half. I got four times as much
corn from the land on which I used your fertilizer.”
Write today to nearest office of the Virginia-Carolina Chemical
Company for a free copy of the new 1909 Farmers’ Year-Book or
Almanac, full of the most valuable and unprejudiced information for
planters and farmers; or ask your fertilizer dealer for a copy.
Virginia-Carolina Chemical Co,
Sales Offices Sales °ffi ces
Richmond. Va. Durham. N.C.
Norfolk, Va. Charleston, S C.
Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md.
■BL £S^a 3BB M O 'T bus - Ga .,
Savannah, Ga.
Memphis, Tenn. Shreveport, La.
Ground Phosphate Rock
THE GREAT SOIL BUILDER.
Direct from our Tennessee mills to the farm. Unequaled for compost
ing, home mixing or direct application. Guaranteed to be double the
strength of acid phosphate at half the cost. Write for information and
prices.
FARMERS UNION PHOSPHATE CO., Birmingham, Ala.
PAGE FIFTEEN