KIT CARSON THZ PATHFINDER
By William S. Birge, M. 0.
(From Magazine of American History.)
(Chapter III.)
During the melee and confusion of the fight,
the Navajo who had been captured, managed
to escape and join his comrades, but not soon
enough to "warn them of the danger they were
being drawn into. He and three others did
their best to slay Ewing Young, who in his
eagerness to engage in the affray, had reck
lessly advanced beyond the main body of his
followers. As it was, it would have gone ill
with him if Kit Carson had not appeared at
the opportune moment and put a bullet
through the treacherous redskin’s head. The
hand was raised and in the very act of driv
ing a knife into the gallant leader’s back.
Another instant and it would have been too
late. Having thus effectually chastised the
Indians, who suffered the loss of over half
their number, the party returned to Taos,
where they disbanded, and resumed their ordi
nary pursuits.
But it seems that Carson was not to be
allowed to settle down to the peaceful enjoy
ment of ranch life, for Fremont called upon
him once more, and once again Carson set
his face toward the West, this time in com
pany with a Fremont soldier, better seasoned,
and of better judgment. This time it was his
purpose to find a more direct trail directly
across the Great Basin and into California
Carson led the way west of the Great Salt
lake directly into the desert, and thence on
to the Carson river, searching for a new pass
over the Sierras into the valley of the San
Joaquin. At length they found themselves
again at Sutter’s Fort, and from thence they
struck north along the Sacramento river,
intending to push north until they struck the
Columbia. They did not know that war had
been declared between the United States and
Mexico. Lieutenant Gillespie overtook them
and brought the news. Fremont turned back.
It was in Oregon, in the Kamath Country,
that there came- the cowardly night attack in
which Basil Lajeunesse and three others were
killed. Kit saw his companion, a brave Dela
ware Indian, stand up and receive a half-dozen
arrows from unseen foes. He joined the
pursuit in the dark, and later, on the back
ward trail to California with Gillespie, he
helped execute stern mountain justice on the
Klamaths.
Now, after the stirring events which follow
ed the declaration of war with Mexico, there
was needed a messenger to be sent from
California to the government at Washington.
Who.better could serve in this capacity than
the brave hearted little rider Kit Carson?
He started on September 15, 1846, and had
crossed the Rocky Mountains when he met
General Kearney’s column, and was ordered
to return to California. In this return Kear
ney and his men were assailed by the Cali
fornia Mexicans, brave fighters themselves,
who drove Kearney’s forces into a desperate
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
position. The beleaguered troops needed a
messenger out to San Diego. Kit Carson and
Lieutenant Beale of the navy undertook the
task. The hardships of the journey wrecked
the mind >and body of Beale, who was an
invalid for several years after that. It was
nothing for Kit Carson, who came out hale
and hearty as ever. In March 1847, he was
started once more as despatch bearer to Wash
ington. This time he met the Indians on the
Gila, fought them, got through, crossed New
Mexico, descended the Arkansas river, and in
the month of June arrived at Washington,
after having made four thousand miles in
three months’ time. The same journey re
quires little more than three days now; but
we do not make it on horseback.
At Washington, as a reward for his bravery
and service to the government, Carson was
appointed a lieutenant of the rifle corps of
the U. S. His commission was never ratified,
though this he did not learn until some months
later. He was sent back to California with
despatches. He crossed the Missouri River,
fought the Comanches at the Point of Rocks,
got through them, passed the Rockies, and had
got as far through as the Virgin river before
he met his next Indian fight. He and fifteen
companions here stood off three hundred
Indians. In time he reached Monterey, and
later, simply to keep himself in practice, took
service against the Mexicans on the border
for a time.
There was no man of all those known to
the army officers who had the resources or
was so well qualified as a despatch rider as
Kit Carson. He was sent back once more to
Washington in the spring of 1848. The souls
of most men would have failed them, and the
i • X 7
physical frame of any other man except him
self have been by these journeyings too far
racked to make this long and hazardous trip.
Yet this hardy, tough little man, just big
enough for steady riding, cheerfully under
took this third journey across the continent
as despatch bearer. He stopped at Taos just
for a day to see his family. He saw them
once in three years. It was October, 1848,
when he reached Washington this time.
And now once more Kit Carson wanted to
settle down at home as a peaceful rancher.
But it seems*there was no peace for him.
The Apaches from the lower country har
assed the New Mexican settlements, and Car
son guided Colonel Beale aganist that tribe and
the Comanches. Then there came a lull in fight
ing and scouting and Carson once more de
termined to be a ranchman. His partner in
the latter business was his old friend, Max
well, and their ranch was located about fifty
miles east of Taos, at what is known as
Rezado. Again he joined an expedition,
against the Apaches, a day and a half to the
southeast, a disastrous expedition in which
several whites were killed. The Indians were
finally routed after leaving nearly half their
number dead on the field. It has been said
upon good authority that, if Carson had bean
the leader in this expedition, the disas
trous results to the whites would have been
avoided.
In 1850 he and his partner took a drove of
horses up from New Mexico to Fort Laramie;
and in 1851 he and his friend, Maxwell, went
to St. Louis, bought a train load of goods,
and tried their hand at a bit of the business
of the Sante Fe trail themselves. They met
the Comanches, but got through without a
tight, and made a successfi.il venture in their
enterprise.
(To Be Continued.)
BETHANY, TOOMBS COLLARS WAS, AND
IS, A REAL PERSONAGE.
Memphis, Tenn., June 1, 1908.
Hon. Thos. E. Watson.
Dear Sir: I have just read your beautiful
novel, “Bethany.” Why it is that so many
Southerners put their eyes out reading “Un
cle Tom’s Cabin,” and such deceiving and
overdrawn literature and then look astonished
when you ask them if they have read “Surry
of the Eagle’s Nest,” Augusta Evans’ “Mac
aria,” and your “Bethany,” is more than I
can understand. Your character, Toombs
Collars, is one of the truest to nature I ever
had the pleasure to read of. He is a real
fellow, blunt and true. The unhappy termi
nation of the courtship of “Uncle Ralph and
Nellie,” is sad, but true to life. Having read
this, I want “some more.” Just as soon as
you receive the other book I ordered, your
Life and Speeches, ’ ’ please forward same
I met a gentleman of Georgia, a Mr. Cox. He
is agent for the L. R. A. He had heard you
speak, and knew, in his young days, your
three heroes, Ben Hill, Robt. Toombs and Al-
Stephens. I practically belong to your school
of politics. I think you are a typical Demo
crat of the Jeffersonian type. I know both
leading parties are more or less under the
control of Wall Street. But as a matter of
expediency, don’t you think that the Popu
lists ought to, in this campaign, support Bry
an? A third party cannot succeed this time.
Bryan may not exactly suit, but we can’t get
everything we want. So long as the negTo is
here, the South ought to have one white party
and one only. I simply make this suggestion.
I feel free to thus express my feelings, for
I yield to no one in my devotion to the cause
of “true Jeffersonian Democracy. ’ ’ I, like
you, am tired of seeing a few damnable, heart
less scoundrels running the country, while
millions of the noble-souled men and women
who would, if they could, do so much good,
look at their sweet little children in despair,
and wonder where their next month’s provi
sions are to come from, sometimes having to
keep them from school for the want of a. tab
let or lead pencil. It is heart-rending. But
I say, give the Democratic party, under the
leadership of Bryan, one more chance. Please
forward book when it arrives.
5 our friend politically and personallv.
GEORGE T. WALLACE.
PAGE THREE