PAGE SIXTEEN
OUR POST CARD OLUB.
(Continued from Page 13.)
be a great writer, like Mr. Watson
and other great men, so as to be a
benefit to others.” Go right ahead,
Tom. We’ll help you.
Letter in Verse.
Alpha Ellerbee, Crest, Ga., writes
her letter in verse, and some of it is
good, and all of it enthusiastic:
“ Papa, mamma, brothers and I
Will work for Watson, die!”
Next Week’s Paper.
We will publish a number of other
letters in next week’s paper. We
have received nice, pleasant, happy
letters from all parts of the United
States, and we would like to print all
of them, but the paper is not large
enough. Remember that you must
mail your letter for the prizes that
we offered last week—-the watch and
the ring, so that they will reach us
not later than February 18th, and you
must follow these rules:
Write name and address plainly.
Say whether you are a boy or a girl
and give your age. This need not be
part of your letter. You can add a
postscript.
Don’t write more than fifty words.
Interest Other Children.
Show this paper to all your play
mates, schoolmates and friends, and
try to get them interested. Get the
old folks to give you a quarter for a
three months’ subscription. Get sev
en 25 cents subscriptions, and you will
get fifty cards free. Read all about
them in this paper.
CABBAGE INDUSTRY.
Along with the rapid development
of the South among other advancing
lines, tnere comes one supposedly com
mon-place industry which has been
carried to such a successful and scien
tific development as promises to be
come a business of almost as much
importance as the cotton, steel or
lumber features of our development.
Everywhere there has been a hue
and cry about diversification of crops,
and among the first to take the lead
in this line was Mr. C. M. Gibson, of
Young’s Island, S. C., who, with oth
ers, several years ago began growing
cabbage in a small way, and during
the past ten or fifteen years this
business has developed to immense
proportions, and at this time several
hundred cars of this product are ship
ped from this immediate section ev
ery season to the various Eastern,
Northern and Western markets, re
sulting in returns of from one-half
to three-quarters of a million dollars
annually.
Aiong with this industry sprang a
demand for cabbage plants, which de-
12 Grand Easter Souvenir Post Cards—FßEE.
The most beautiful Easter Cards ever produced—-4 Angels, 4 Easter Flowers, 4
Crosses and Flowers; heavy embossed, colors and geld. Most tasty and appro*
priate Easter Cards in the world. Nothing else equal to thM Send 4 cents for
postage and packing and we will send these 12 grand Easter cards free. Also
our plan whereby you can get fifty other magnificent post cards free. Address
THE SIMMONS PUBLISHING CO.. 249 Washington St„ Springfield. Ohio.
Xiekel Wateh, One $lO Stem W ind and Set Gold Filled, Engraved, Full Je’eled WatTh "Case Guar- r
anteed 20 Years and Movements Years and One Hollow Ground $3 Razor. A ll we ask is IM
your cou ' ,eut to Bh| P 100 “Straight Be. Clears” c. O. D. by express and allow full examine
tion. Welncluiloi 11 the same package FIKE, the two Watches and Razor described above.
11 yon conß,der the who,e outtH worth » aO - 00 then pay the express agen t »4.95 (less than ZfZZ?;I2
the retail value of the Cigars alone land he will deliver you the whole lot, otherwise refuse [Kffiry **
“ nd keep yonr mone y« w » ‘» k * “*» th* «■’»*. Return this ad. State if we must send f/7 0
, ' a<ließ ’ or Gents’ watches. Name Express Office. G. S. CIGAR HOUSE, WINSTON. N. (J. ®- •a’A
& r tsssxsssssss 5 * s
mand has been increasing from year
to year until at this time it has be
come necessary to employ extra force
to carry out in detail, the excellent
system of raising and packing the
plants, and handling the flood of or
ders which come pouring in.
In connection with this plant busi
ness, Mr. Gibson has gotten out a
very neat little catalogue, which is
full of information about growing cab
bage, and will be found of considera
ble benefit to all who are interested
in this line, and which he will take
pleasure in mailing to anyone upon
request.
Those who have done any business
with Mr. Gibson in this line, will, we
are sure, testify as to his straightfor
ward, businesslike manner in the
treatment of his customers.
RECIPES.
Roosevelt is a regular “sixteen to
one-er. > ’ It appears that one barber
gets $1,600 a year to shave one Presi
dent who wields a big stick. The peo
ple pay the barber.—Pittsburg Kan
san.
Dumpling—Cupful of flour, table
spoonful ‘of butter, two teaspoonfuls
baking powder, little salt; mix all
with water enough to stiffen. Sew up
in a cloth and boil twenty-five min
utes.
Five O’clock Tea Biscuts —Put one
tablespoonful of butter into two cups.
Place the four little biscuits so that
they touch and when baked they will
stick together. These are a dainty
conceit for luncheon or tea.
Cherry Catsup—To each pound
stoned cherries allow a pound of su
gar. Boil together until the cherries
are soft, then strain. To each quart
of this liquor allow a teaspoonful
each of mace, pepper, ginger, cinna
mon and a half teaspoonful cloves.
Boil with the syrup and strain; then
add to the crushed fruit that has been
pressed through a puree sieve. Boil
until thick; reduce with strong vine
gar and bottle.—Nashville Banner.
N. L. Willet Seed Co.,
AUGUSTA, GA.
Write lor Our l»09 Seed Catalogue
of Uf * Seed, Grains Corns, Melons. Peanuts,
Millets and all Garden Seeds, all the Grasses, In
secticides, Spraying Machines, Willet’s Poultry
Feed, and Cypher’s Incubators; also Cow Peas.
Largest dealers in the South, for American and
foreign use, of cotton planting seeds.
LEAF TOBACCO FOR SALE.
Fine to chew and smoke. Grown by
a deep-dyed-in-the-wool Populist and
firm believer in Thomas E. Watson’s
deathless principles. Write for prices
to W. L. PARKS,
R. F. D. 1, Adams, Tenn.
Gbe
/Guarantee to Cure
> fcXAT T 0 STAY CURED! \ /
Wa pW it is also called SALT \ogLV 4/
VS,G RHEUM, SCALD HEAD, Wf
/ TETTER, ITCH, WEEPINC „ _. v
SKIN, MILK CRUST, PRU- ?h E J d6ctorwho
//// t/ RITUS-these are different TrLts nothing
names, but all mean one but eczema.
thing-ECZEMA. ■■■■■■
■k I prove every word that I have said—l give to every sufferer J ft.B
■ A etdete 1 tdiai Reliable Beyond Questions
Bg&KLncL 9 This is a statement from the H
■ v. 4-u * j i « bank of my home town,
■I Just to show you that you need my treatment. It is yours for where 7 have rinne htidnes*
the asking. If you have been to other Doctors, if you have for vears' c (io c • 3
■B taken patent medicine, and used lotionsand salves till you are J
disgusted, write to me—l will send you ABSOLUTELY FREE
H| OF CHARGE. A TRIAL TREATMENT. There are no strings
to this statement. There Is not one cent to pay—not a penny
accepted. I know what my trial treatment will do; I know ——•—«»
that it will convince you more than anything else on earth that
I you need my treatment. February 11th, 190S* B
■ Don’t Miss This Chance for a Cure To it mat cobckr:
If you are SUFFERING FROM ECZEMA you can only be Thia oartlflea that
B cured one way—REMOVE THE CAUSE. What is the Dr* Cannaday’s patients, from all
cause? ACID IN THE BLOOD. How do you remove it? By over the United States, have been
cleansing the blood of the ACID. placing their money in this bank H
B 3 My treatment is soothing—relieves the dreadful Itching at »Mle they tried hla treatment on B|
once and cures the disease quickly. You don’t have to take ®cz»ma. In all thia time we have
treatment for months and months. ONLY ONE CASE IN TEN . n oalled upon but five times
B needs the second treatment—ONE IN FIFTY needs the third t 0 return the patients money.
—think of that! A 0119 <Hed before the Mi
■ x b treatment was shipped; two did not BB
W hat Eczema Is in t trMsit* a o“ nt ai’ 108 t B
Eczema is a disease of the blood and affects all parts of the treatment three days
body—the face, lips, ears, hands, feet, genital organ, etc. getting her money; and one vae not I
SYMPTOMS.—Yellowish red eruption; the pimples or patches may jaatiafied.
swell and the itching is so great the person will scratch the top off, then ..
HH they bleed and dark scales form; there is an oozing of matter. In some i /q z
B the skin cracks and bleeds. Itching is terrible; a person suffering will B
•cratch till they bleed. Scales form on parts of the body, where the cloth- 0 \ jf
luf comes in contact. y* fy ft - p H
Ten Years Guarantee
I positively Guarantee that every case cured by me will stay *
cured 10 YEARS! It must be good or it could not be sold this way.
Strong as Rock of Gibraltar
■ lam a graduate from two leading medical schools. lam the holder of a GOLD I
MEDAL taken in Competitive Examination. Does this not show that lam fully
B qualified ? I will send you my book, showing endorsements of business men \R4*-.
of all classes. Also testimonials and pictures from cured patients everv-
B where. Some of them may be YOUR NEIGHBORS. ‘
| MY BOOK I
Is the most complete book ever sept out. I explain every Sedalia, - Mo.:
form of the disease plainly and fully. I show pictures of Please send without cost to
B many severe cases, which are extremely interesting. me prepaid Free trial treatment
1 y 2 U name ? Who have been also copy of your Free Book. ’ B
Cttred and are grateful.
DR. J. E. CANNADAY N&me I
648 Park Square Address e
Sedalia, Mo.
. Treatment and literature eent in plain wrapper. ' I
Books by Thos. E. Watson
Story of France, 2 volumes Premium for 6 subscribers $3.50
Napoleon . Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson Premium for 4 subscribers 1.75
Bethany, a Story of the South Premium for 3 subscribers 1.25
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
Handbook of Politics and Economics. Premium for 2 subscribers 1.00
Sketches from Roman History Premium for 1 subscriber 50
Waterloo, just published Premium for 3 subscribers 1.50
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
TWO DIMES
<1 To each subscriber (new or renewal) to the Jeffersonian
Magazine or to the Weekly Jeffersonian, we make this
offer:—
UNCLE REMUS’S HOME MAGAZINE one year TEN CENTS
FIVE BEAUTIFUL ROSE BUSHES - - TEN CENTS
(|| Send us and you will get the Jeffersonian Mag
azine or the Weekly Jeffersonian for one year, and Uncle
Remus’s Home Magazine for one year. Send us another
dime, and you will get five beautiful rose bushes.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
THE GREATEST BARGAIN EVER
s Ik to complete: 1 Linen Collar and Cuff Set; 6 packages sneclAi PmhrAiLrw
AII f ! rst < » ua,lt y- w e will send Farm News, the biggest little paper In tna
world for the farm home, on trial four months for 8 cents Send 7 ceX flwh!
.‘lxt 8 “!*• *» •«
Address FARM NEWS, 248'Washington St., Springteld, 0.