buying power will be followed by an increase
in general trade. The depression may not be
ended at once, but it will certainly be kept,
in case of great harvests this fall, from work
ing as serious or prolonged results as previous
panics did. It may be that Wall street fore
sees this, and that prices are going up because
abundant harvests are becoming increasingly
probable.—Birmingham Age-Herald.
The Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson
contains a biographical sketch written by him
self, and a careful selection of addresses made
by him during the last thirty years.
These speeches cover a great variety of
subjects. They begin with a eulogy which Mr.
Watson delivered in the Georgia Legislature
on Alex H. Stephens. They contain some of
his Commencement speeches. They also con
tain his Labor Day speech, and many of his
political and economic addresses, the result of
years of the closest research and study. These
speeches cover the Child Labor question, Na
tional Finance, discussion of the Tariff Sys
tem, of the National Banking System, the
Government Ownership of Railroads, the cor
rupt legislation put upon the country by the
two old parties, a thorough exposition of the
principles of Jeffersonian Democracy and a
thorough treatment of the evils of class legis
lation which now oppress the people.
This book is illustrated, is printed tn good
type, and is bound in cloth. Price, prepaid,
$1.50.
We will send this book free of charge to
any one who subscribes to the Jeffersonian
Magazine for five years at $5.00. The book
will also be sent as a premium to any one
who will raise a club of five subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each. It will be mailed as a premium
to any one who sends us six subscribers to
the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,.
Thomson, Ga.
Hand Book of Politics and Economics
In this large volume Mr. Watson gives a
mass of the most valuable statistical informa
tion bearing on every great subject, politi
cal and economic. He also gives the history
of political parties and a summary of all
political platforms.
He also gives a history of national legisla
tion, especially of that class of legislation
which now oppresses the common people.
The National Banking System is fully ex
plained, and its evils demonstrated. The black
chapter of financial legislation which began
with the Civil War and which had its cul
mination in the panic of 1907, is given in full.
In this book you will learn all about our
system of Tariff taxation. You will find in it
the strongest arguments in favor of the gov
ernment ownership of railroads and other pub
lic utilities. You will find in it a discussion
of Socialism; the encroachments of the Fed
eral Judiciary; the peculiar injustice of the
national government to the farming class; the
dangerous encroachments of the Catholic
clergy, and a clear statement of those reme
dies which should be applied in order that
the political body should be made whole.
Price, delivered, SI.OO.
We will mall this book free of charge to
any one who sends us four subscribers to the
Jeffersonian Magazine at the regular price of
$1.50 each, or who sends us five subscribers
to the Weekly Jeffersonian at the regular price
of SI.OO each.
Address, THE JEFFERSONIAN,
Thomsen, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
A Dollar Bill
Enclosed in an envelope, with
your name and address, will
bring you
The Two Jeffersonians
For the Next Six Months
No commission to agents on this offer. Mail your
dollar to
The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
THE FARMERS’ UNION HYMNAL
Contains a choice collection of Farmers’ Union
songs, calculated to build up the cause of
unionism wherever sung. Price, 10 cents per
copy, sl.lO per dozen, postpaid Round or
shaped notes. Addresa
A. G. N&ECE,
Rnnset Rout* 5
Plain Talks on Fertilizers
A Talk to Fruit-Growers
You use a fertilizer The yield will be
of course, but do you according to the
use enough? amount of plant food
™ you give your trees or
The yield per acre, plants you can de-
and the profit therefrom pend on it. The better
increases in far greater they are fed the greater
proportion than the cost and more valuable will
of additional fertilizer. be your crop. Fertil-
What is an increase m ize sparingly and you
cost of $2.00 to SIO.OO reap sparingly,
per acre for fertilizer
when the returns therefrom The fact that over a million
show an increase of $50.00 to tons of Virginia-Carolina
$250.00 per acre? Fertilizer were sold last year
proves them to be without
The big Magnolia Fruit, equal. Every fruit farmer,
Farms at Durant, Miss., tested no matter what method he
the well-known Virginia-Car- now uses, should get the Vir
olina Fertilizer ginia - Carolina
Sin different Company s
quantities on new Year Book
their straw- It is freQ t 0 all
eny crop. are inter-
Result: when . , ,
i aaa iv ested enough
1,000 lbs. per , .. f r 9 O /W
to write for it. I
acre were used . a o . tMrsareflw
~ r. Address us to
SB
acre than when below * "
50 0 lbs. per n
acre were used. VIRGINIA-CAROLINA
_ . . ’ . . , CHEMICAL CO.
This is modern intensive cul-
ture, the method that is doub- ““J Va - f ?
ling and trebling the crops of Columbia, S. C. Baltimore, Md.
all kinds of fruit in Atlanta, Ga.
either good or in poor Columbus, Ga.
and worn-out land all Savannah, Ga.
over the country—and Memphis, Tenn,
in good soil, too. Shreveport, La.
Business men in the cities are more or
less worried over the prospect for dull busi
ness, as a result of the presidential campaign,
but the western farmer has no anxiety along
that line. He may watch his corn and wheat
fields, bis pens of cattle and hogs, listening
the while to the cackle of his barnyard fowl
and rest assured that nis income for another
year is secure. And the business man should
take courage from this condition on the farm,
for whatever brings prosperity to the Ameri
can farmer is immediately reflected in the sales
of the American merchant. We are to have
another fat year, from the benefits of which
all classes of our people will be made to
rejoice. The fortunate farmer shares his good
fortune with his fellowmen. —Farmers’ Advo
cate.
AThfllf cured; quick relief; removes all swell
-11 |r 11 MV ¥ ing in Bto 20 days; 30 to 60 days effects
Vllvl kJ * permanent cure. Trial treatment triven
free to sufferers; nothing; fairer. For
circulars, testimonials and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, Box K. Atlanta. Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN