PAGE EIGHT
0l)e 3effersoniait
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
\
ATLANTA, GA., NOVEMBER 19,1908.
"Bryan and the "Future.
In his Commoner, Mr. Bryan discusses the
future of his “reform principles,” and writes,
“Does anybody believe that the American
people will permanently permit secrecy as to
campaign contributions? Does anybody be
lieve that the American people will perma
nently permit the will of the voters to be
thwarted, as it is now, by the election of Sen
ators through Legislatures? Does any one be
lieve that the trusts will be permitted perma
nently to exploit the masses? Does any one
believe that the consumer will permanently
permit the tariff to be written by the benefi
ciaries of that tariff? Does any one believe
that the public will permanently tolerate es
trangement between labor and capital? Does
any one believe that the 15,000,000 depositors
will forever permit their savings to be jeopard
ized as at present? Does any one believe that
the extravagance of the Government will go
on forever unchecked ? Does any one believe
that our Republic will permanently consent to
a colonial policy, with its humiliations and fi
nancial burdens?”
(1) Suppose “secrecy as to campaign contri
butions” to be a thing of the past, how much
better off are the people? Will the Steel Trust
be any less a robber? Will the Tobacco Trust
sprout angel wings? Will the Beef Trust go to
Sunday school oftener? Will King George
Baer of the Coal Trust be a more sanctimoni
ous sermon-target than he is today?
The man who doesn’t know that corruption
funds, supplied by corporations seeking favors,
can be made to look innocent, on the books,
is a mere child in politics.
When Tom Ryan borrowed $200,000 from
one of his banks, in violation of law, his name
didn’t appear on the books. No, indeed. On
the books it appeared that a clerk, named
Danny Shea, had borrowed the money.
(2) Many states have in practice the direct
election of Senators, through the primary,
which virtually instructs the Legislature. If
you, Mr. Bryan, are sincere in your declara
tions in favor of restoring to the people the di
rect control of public affairs, why did you
drop the initiative and referendum?
(3) How did you expect to make any effec
tive war against the Trusts which “exploit the
masses,” when you were tied up with such
trust-ites as Haskell, Dave Francis, Pat Mc-
Carren, Charles Murphy, Fingy Conners, Rog
er Sullivan and Tom Taggart?
When you, Mr. Bryan, made yourself the
Captain of the robber band, how did you ex
pect to change the nature and the habits of the
band?
(4) But what can you do about it, Mr. Bry
an?
Does not your record disclose the fact that
you leaped into fame as a Congressional orator
on the subject of Tariff Reform, and did you
not vote for the Wilson-Gorman law whose
1100 Senate amendments were “written by the
beneficiaries of that Tariff?”
Did not your own vote, in support of the
Wilson-Gorman bill, do its part in adding 100
per cent to the' price of common molasses and
sugar? Did not your vote increase the price
‘Sftffersonian
of common clothing, and every implement and
tool used on a farm?
How can the country expect any genuine
tariff reform from you, when your record con
demns you as it does?
And how can any relief be expected from
your party, when so many Democrats want the
same tariff rates which the Republicans want?
(5) Nobody desires any permanent estrange
ment between labor and capital, but who is it
that doesn’t know that your deal with Gom
pers would have brought about that very re
sult, had not the country rebuked you as it did ?
Mr. Gompers demanded of Congress that it
declare that a man’s business is not property.
The President in a public letter asked you, Mr.
Bryan, whether you endorsed that demand of
Mr. Gompers. You dodged the question, —and
lost thousands of votes.
If one’s business is not entitled to the same
protection as property, he might as well not
have the property. A gold mine is worthless,
if one can not protect “the business” of mining.
A publishing plant is worthless, if one can
not protect the business of publishing books,
periodicals, etc.
In its demands, on that point, “Labor” goes
too far, and you, Mr. Bryan, should have had
the manhood to tell Mr. Gompers so.
(6) If your 15,000,000 depositors need guar
dians, give them one apiece, but don’t try to
make a national issue out of a thing of that
kind. Mr. Taft is committed to the Postal
Savings bank, as you are not, and those who
have money to deposit in bank will get a gov
ernmental guaranty that beats your scheme all
hollow. Your plan punishes the innocent for
the deeds of the guilty, and we can not*believe
in such a departure from principle.
(7) The extravagance of the Government
ought to be checked, but how can anybody ex
pect you or your party to do it ?
You did not denounce Rooseveltian extrava
gance in the recent campaign. Why didn’t
you?
Your party, through its representatives in
Congress, is as guilty of this extravagance as
the Republicans are. Why be hypocritical
about it?
(8) Still harping on “Colonial Policy!”
Well, our Colonial policy is detestable, —has
cost us thousands of precious lives, and hun
dreds of millions of good dollars,—but what
Colonel of the Volunteer army was it who
left Camp Tampa, and w r ent to Washington,
butted in upon the Senate and used all of his
personal and political influence to persuade
Senator Clay and others to vote for the Treaty
of Paris? Who was it that practically loaned
to the Republicans the number of votes need
ed to secure the adoption of the Treaty which
gave us the “Colonial policy” which Mr. Bryan
has so frequently denounced?
WAS IT YOU, MR. BRYAN?
»» *
Why Not Try the Income Tax.
The outgoing administration in Georgia left
nothing undone to provide financial embarrass
ment to the incoming administration of Jos.
M. Brown. Expenses were merrily increased
at the same time that revenues were cut off.
The cost of our Railroad Commission was
nearly trebled, and a new pension law passed
which may add a million dollars to the annual
outgo.
How is Governor Brown to raise the money?
It seems to the Jeffersonian that a state tax
on incomes would be about the best answer
to the question.
A tax of one per cent upon incomes of SI,OOO
up to $5,000 would not be burdensome, and
would yield a sprightly sum total. A tax of
2 1-2 per cent on incomes in excess of $5,000,
up to SIO,OOO, would be modest, but would
gladden the treasury exceedingly.
A tax of 5 per cent on incomes exceeding
SIO,OOO, up to $20,000, would touch gently
many a rich patriot, and go far toward making
life more pleasant to the tattered and b’attere'd
remnant’s of the Confederate armies.
When we reach an income like that of Ma-
jor J. H. Hanson, figure-head President of the
Central R. R. and Ocean Steamship Company
—an income of $30,000 per year,—we think
10 per cent none too much. We should dearly
love to see Brother Asa Candler swearing to
the income of Coca-Cola, and paying a goodly
per cent upon it—as a good Christian should.
It would delight us to see Bob Lowry, and
Jim English, and Jim Smith, and Hoke Smith,
and the Maddox-Rucker bank, and other big
banks, and big Insurance Companies, and the
Southern Express- Company, and the Tele
phone and Telegraph Companies, and sundry
other tax-dodging patriots trooping up to the
Captain’s office, to pay a state tax on incomes.
Why not try it?
W *
Hoke Smith Hroke His Word to the
Farmers' Union.
It would seem that there was a sudden rise
in the tide of business at the Executive Office
in Atlanta last week. Governor Hoke, who
had promised to attend the New Orleans Con
vention of the Farmers’ Union, flunked. There
is no better word for it. Our Governor flunk
ed. He was scheduled to make the day-time
address on the 12th, and the eyes of all Europe
pivoted toward New Orleans at eleven o’clock
sharp.
Can you marvel at the continued failure of
the price of cotton to go up when instead of
the personal presence of Hoke at our “bull”
convention, he sent a very long and very tedi
ous and very commonplace letter ?
Poor Cotton-grower! He catches it, hot and
heavy, from all directions.
Why did the Governor break his word?
Sickness is a good excuse, —but he wasn’t sick.
Nor was any member of his family sick. Any
other Providential cause would have furnished
a excuse, —but Providence was kind and
put no obstacle between Hoke and New Or
leans.
What, then, kept him awav? Let us give
him the benefit of his excuse in his own words:
Addressing President Charles Barrett, the
Governor writes,
“It is a source of great regret to me that I
am today in the midst of official work which
prevents my leaving Atlanta.”
The Governor could have left Atlanta on the
night of the nth, along with his quondam
friend Watson, could have spoken at eleven
o’clock to the New Orleans Convention, and
been back at his desk on the 13th, in time to
have attended to the usual routine work.
He would have lost but one day from his
office. By going to New Orleans, he would
have been rendering a service to every farmer
of Georgia, and of every other cotton-growing
state. Being the Governor of the Empire State
of the South, his presence at New Orleans
would have brought the great moral influence
of his position to the side of the farmers in
the fight thev are making for better prices.
His intention to go had been widely adver
tised. His active personal aid to the Conven
tion was eagerly expected. He had many
friends and admirers, among the delegates to
the Convention, and these men felt sure that he
would come and make an earnest, rousing
speech that would strengthen the cause.
A distinguished Committee of Reception
was awaiting the train at the Depot, with
handsome turnouts, ready to escort the Geor
gia speakers to the Grunewald. You can im
agine the interest with which the Reception
Committee watched the outpouring of passen
gers from the Pullman. You can imagine the
surprise and disappointment which spread
over the faces of these gentlemen when it be-?
came clear to them that only one of the Geor
gia speakers had come, —one who had left a
sick-bed, over protest of physician and wife,
to go and keep his word.
“Why, where is Governor Smith?” And this
ouestion, first asked at the Depot, was repeat
ed many and manv a time that morning,
“I am today in the midst pf official vyork.”
But you didn’t have to leave Atlanta that