Our Post-Card Club
By Daddy Jim.
We have received so many letters
from boys and girls who want to win
the fifty post cards that we can not
publish all the names—it would take
up a page of the paper. We will
print the best of the letters, and we
want to tell you just how we judged
them, so that the losers this time may
do better when they try again.
We said that we wanted letters’^f
fifty words, and no more. Some of '
you wrote over a hundred words,
and badly spelled. You must write
plainly and neatly, always put your
address and name, and tell us wheth
er you are a boy or a girl.
For instance, here is a letter signed
by Rivers Ellett, Blue Mountain,
Miss.: “On coming out of my Latin
class I noticed my name on the ex
press list. I rushed down to the of
fice followed by several girls. It was
a box from home I I had just cut the
cake and carved tliC- turkey, when —I
awoke to find it was only a dream.”
The handwriting is good and firm,
like a boy’s, and the fact that the wri
ter was followed by several girls
might suggest that he was a good
looking boy. But we can’t give him
the boy’s prize, for he might be a
young lady.
Try Again.
The neatest of the boys’ letters
comes from Virgil Glenn, Crest, Ga.:
‘‘l am going to school every day. I
live on a nice little farm. I go to
school, and plow on Saturday. 1 have
plowed in six bushels of oats, two
acres of which I am afraid the cold
spell has killed. I am an orphan boy,
twelve years old.” This letter would
have won first prize, but for one or
two little faults. Virgil says he is
going to school every day. Then he
adds: “I go to school, and plow on
Saturday,” so he does not go to school
every day. Another trouble is that
he has six “I’s” in as many lines.
That’s too many “I’s” for one small
boy.
First Prize for Boys.
This letter is not quite so neat as
Virgil’s, but it has a genuinely boy
ish snap and get-up to it. Charlie had
something to say, and he put it down
on paper just as he would have said
it face to face:
“I am a boy twelve years old.
‘Dare to do right.’ Boys, always be
truthful and honest. I am a little
populist now, and I’ll shell the woods
for Mr. Watson when I get twenty
one, and don’t you forget it.” Char
lie Ross Thaxton, Crawfordville, Ga.
Don’t Catch Doves.
Tinley B. Young, of Quitman, Ga.:
“I am a little boy, ten years old. I
have two traps, and I caught three
doves and one sparrow. Igo to school
to Miss Nora Lee Johnson. We play
cat, catch, baseball, townball, three
cornered-cat, and hide-and-seek.” A
eat, especially a hungry cat, has some
excuse for catching birds. What ex
euse have you, Tinley?
First Prize for Girls.
This is not exactly a girl’s letter,
but it’s so natural and happy, besides
being neatly written, that we think
it is th® best of the lot:
“A jolly crowd of us started out
one moonlight night ‘'for a ’possum
hunt. Our dogs soon treed, and we
got the ’possum. They treed several
times, but we never did get but one.
We sure had a jolly time. There were
6fteen girls and boys, besides cur
chaperons.” Florence Rhodes, R. F.
I). 1, Coleman, Ga.
Extra Prize for Girls.
The neatest letter is written by a
child of eight, and she has taken such
pains with, it that we can not help
making another prize to send her.
“I’m a little girl, eight years old; in
the third reader. I have four studies.
1 like reading the best of all. My
teacher’s name is Miss Forest Ailes.
She is a gooddßgeher. I study music
and like it.” Ruth
Whitecotton, Advance, Ind.
From Harlingen, Texas.
Three little girls from Harlingen,
Texas, write good letters, but not
quite good enough to win a prize.
Their names are Lena Elsie Adams,
aged seven; Lizzie Adams, aged nine;
and Carrie Adams, aged ten. Little
Lena, the youngest, writes: “My
grandpa takes your paper, and we like
to read them. We have a nice farm,
and some nice honey. We have two
miles to go to school. We have a
family of eight, papa, mamma, grand
pa, grandma, three sisters and one
brother.” Try agpin, little girls.
Too Many Words.
This letter, from Thomas Watson
Butler, Barnesville, Ga., is well writ
ten, but has too many words: “My
father tells me that I heard you make
a speech when I was only seven
months old, and after that I have the
honor of being named for you. I
hope I will live so as not to bring re
proach upon your good name. I am
twelve years old. My father takes
both of your Jeffersonians, and I en
joy reading them.”
The Children’s Page.
Several of the children add a line
or two at the bottom of their letters,
wanting us to give them a page in the
paper. We will do it, but it will take
time and money, and all of you who
want to write letters to the post card
club must help us by getting all the
subscriptions you can. We will write
a letter to each of you and tell you
how you can help us, and at the same
time make a little money and do a
little good for yourselves. We have
a great many nice presents and prizes
for those who will work for us.
A Pine Bluff Girl.
An interesting letter comes from
Lola Lyon, 14 years old, who lives at
Pine Bluff, Ark., but it *s too long
for publication. She says: “I wish
all the Jeffersonians would write to
me, or else send me a post card. I
will answer all.” You’ve taken a
big contract, Miss Lola. We have
about 200,000 readers, and if each one
were to write you a letter, and you
were to answer each one, your past
age bill would be about $4,000. What
does your father say to that?
A Kansas Boy.
If Thomas H. Gibbins, of Olathe,
Kansas, had written his letter a little
more earefully and neatly, he would
have come near to winning the prize.
He says: “I am afi oy, eleven years
old. Igo to school, and I am trying
to get an education. Would like to
(Continued on Page 16.)
'Bl,* Jeffersonian
We Want a Great Many
More Subscribers
In order to secure a large number of new subscribers at once we
make- this wonderful offer:
Weekly Jeffersonian 3 Months ) AU For
Up-to-Date Farming 3 Months a
20 American Girl Post Cards I C
Membership in Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange’
Above is a wonderful offer and should bring thousands of orders.
But we are going to make a still better offer, and this Is what we want
every present subscriber to work for:
This is Our Great Plan
We want you to get 25 cents from each of seven (7) of your neigh
bors and friends for the above offer and send us this club, and we will
send you, for your reward,
Fifty of the Most Beautiful High Art Post Cards
Ever Produced
Every one a gem, and satisfaction is positively guaranteed. The
subjects are as follows:
1. A Neighborly Chat. 25. The Captiveo.
2. Puritan Girt 26. The Problem is Solved.
3. A Puritan Maid. 27. Making Hay.
4. Skating. 28. Making a Fool of Him.
5. Dutch Children and Geese. 29. The Passing Storm.
6. Dutch Girl and Boy. 30. Sweet Kittie Bellairs.
7. The Critic. 31. A High Stepper.
8. Hello. 32. Mill Pond.
9. A Hay Seed. 33. The Daughter of the Regiment.
10. In Mischief. 34. Venice.
11. Our Pet. 35. An Interesting Passage.
12. The Village Blacksmith. 36. A Winter Sunset.
13. Bill and Jerry. 37. The Wedding Party.
14. Young Miss Columbia. 38. The. Shepherd’s Star.
15. Picnicking. 39. Out for a Spin.
16. The Love Drop. 40. Early Autumn.
17. Playmates. 41. In a Bad Fix.
18. Flags of All Nations. 42. Brook in Autumn.
19. The Old Homestead. 43. Sunset.
20. The Lighthouse. 44. At Sunset.
21. Washington Crossing the Del- 45. Shipwrecked.
aware. 46. The Historian.
22. Violin Recital. 47. Fishermen’s Return.
23. The Old, Old Question. 48. Two Are Company.
24. Colonial Dame and Virginia 49. Horseback Riding.
Belle. 00. Beauty Study.
St would be a waste of effort to attempt to portray the beauty, rich
ness and warmth of the colors in every one of this constellation of
gems of post cards. They must be possessed to be appreciated.
REMEMBER, if YOU will get only seven (7) subscribers for the
entire combination above at only 25 cents each, we will send you this
entire collection of perfectly lovely post cards as a reward, ALL FREE.
Extra Reward
AND HERE IS ANOTHER SURPRISE FOR YOU: Do you know
what the Up-to-Date Post Card Exchange is? It is a roster of post card
collectors and of people who will exchange with you. It has many
thousand members now, all over the United States, and In some foreign
countries. We will put your address and that of each member of your
club In the exchange and you will receive post cards from many fine
and entertaining people. A correspondence acquaintance can thus be
made with agreeable people and many a dull hour and otherwise idle
moments can be made pleasant, improved and, perhaps, made profitable.
Up-to-Date Farming is a semi-monthly paper that Is becoming
famous, because it teaches farmers how to market their crops profita
bly. Our readers can welt afford to subscribe for it, as with the two
papers they will get a BALANCED EDUCATION, both producing and
marketing.
Perhaps, after you get seven (7) trial subscribers, you can get
three (3) more, making ten (10) in all. If you can, we will send you
another set of cards, A TRIP AROUND THE WORLD WITH UNCLE
SAM’S BATTLESHIPS. There are fifty views In this set. It includes
a view of each ship In colors, shows the sailor boys at work, at play
and at rest. Also many scenes of noted places that the fleet visited.
Included with this Is a map of the route and an illustration showing
the entire fleet, with the names of all the ships.
See your friends at once—-today, if possible. Tell them that each
one gets all in the great offer above, and YOU must not forget what
you get for your reward. We will bo happy If we get the club of sub
scribers, and then we hope to make you another good offer. Use below
coupon.
Cut off here
Publisher of The Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.:
I want to embrace your great trial subscription offer, and en
close for trial subscriptions. Please send
all you offered, and stop the papers when the trial Is up, unless we
renew.
My Name
R. R P. Q
County State
(Attach a sheet for the elub and write very distinctly.)
PAGE THIRTEEN