C>be Jeffersonian
Vol. 7, Number 16
THETUS W. SIMS, AJND SECRETARY
OF- WAR TAFT’S A UTOMOBILE
URING the Roosevelt administra
tion, it was stated, in at least one
of the New York papers, that a
Cabinet officer, bound for the Phil
ippines, had shipped his automo
bile to San Francisco, at the ex
pense of the Government, so that
if he should have occasion to use
W
the machine, while in that city, it would be
at hand. It was further stated that the Cabi
net officer did not use the automobile, at all;
and that it was re-shipped to Washington, at
the Government’s expense.
Now, as Mr. Taft was the official who at
that time was journeying to the Philippines,
I mentioned his name, in connection with the
incident.
I took care to say, also, that this kind of
tfiing was nothing uncommon: that such ex
travagance had gone to extreme limits,
throughout the Federal service; and that Mr.
Taft was no worse than the others.
Why, it has long been a scandal—the way
in the Government’s automobiles in
Washington (bought for the public service,)
are used by the Society people for Society
pleasures and functions!
Didn’t thaj- grocery-store man, MacVeagh,
spend $50,000 of your money, changing the
arrangement of his private office, and giving
to his lordly self an exclusive elevator?
Last week, the Hon. Thetus W. Sims, of
lennessee, made a spectacle of himself in
Congress by producing evidence that Mr.
Taft, personally, never owned an auto; and
that he never had sent one, by express, to San
Francisco. I suppose Sims’ District will be
flooded with his speech, denouncing me and
proving me a liar. That is to be the dodge
of the Do-nothing Congressmen. They will
villify “the renegade Watson”; and thus
keep themselves drawing pay for doing noth
ing.
T have never said that Mr. Taft, personally,
owned an automobile which he sent by ex
press across the Continent.
. . He w ‘? s Secretary of War, and his auto was
his officially, as the head of that Department.
Every one of these heads of Departments has
a magnificant car paid for by your money.
At least, the papers so report. You will re
member that Congress voted automobiles to
Sherman and Cannon, presiding officers in
Congress. (And also, a big one for Mr.
Taft.) The Senate voted $2,500 to each, for
the up-keep and operating of the elegant cars
of Cannon and Sherman. The House, angry
with Cannon at this time, has refused to sanc
tion the allowance.
I simply mentioned Mr. Taft’s shipping of
his automobile to San Francisco, as an evi
dence of the manner in which the Govern
ment and the people were imposed on by
those in office.
If the President will say that the cost of
sending his official auto across the Continent,
to be ready for him in .San Francisco, in case
he might need it, was not paid by the Gov-
oflttanta, Ga., Thursday, oHprit2l. *
eminent, I will promptly retract what has
been said about it. Neither to him, nor to
any one else, do I mean to be unjust.
But as no denial was ever made of the
statement made in the New York paper, and
as the fact itself, comported so consistently
with the generally extravagant pace of the
Roosevelt administration, I felt warranted in
making the comment.
Here are two questions which will test the
truth of the matter; and I hope Mr. Thetus
W. Sims will not ignore them:
(1) Did not Mr. Taft, when Secretary of
Mar, ship his official automobile to San Fran
cisco, and back?
(2) TFAa paid for the transportation—Mr.
Taft, or the Government?
It doesn't make a particle of difference, in
principle, whether it was sent by freight or
by express. It doesn't matter the least bit
what form, of dead-headism carried that ma
"chine all the way from Washington to the
Pacific Ocean, and back. To frank it would
li9ve been no worse than to charge up the
freight bill to the expenses of the War De
partment.
But if President Taft will give his word
that his official auto was never shipped, as
charged in the New York papers, I will cheer
fully make the retraction.
You can see at once that I could not retract
on a mere hair-splitting difference as to the
manner of shipment.
The fact of the shipment, is the thing
which counts.
Now. Mr. Sims, as an honorable man, IN
VESTIGATE THAT FACT.
William Marcellus Howard
and His oHmazing Break
* +
B
ILL HOWARD has been assiduously
pulling at the public teat, continu
ously, for twenty-two years!
Yes, Sir, that’s the record. Wil
liam Marcellus is hard to wean. He
wants more. How much more, he
fails to state.
He was Solicitor.-General from 1888 to
1896; and he stepped from that office to a
higher one, by merely changing cars. He
did not even have to wait for a train. Passed
right from the Solicitorship to Congress,
without losing a day’s pay.
Think of fingering Uncle Sam’s long green
washers for twenty-two years, without in
terruption ! Things come easy to some folks,
don’t they?
How pleasant life was to William Marcel
lus and family! So far as I know, his fam
ily consists of Mrs. Howard’s kinspeople.
His own parents died before he went to Con
gress, I think.
But there was Dr. King, Bill’s father-in-
law, berthed year in and year out, in the At
lanta Revenue Office, where he worked as the
immediate underling of a negro boss. Don’t
you think that, if you had been drawing
from SIO,OOO to $15,000 a term, for an aver
age of about nine months'* work, you would
have had more family pride and self-respect
than to let your father-in-law act as virtually
the private secretary of an insolent negro?
MOULD YOU MANT YOUR MIFE'S
OLD FATHER TO HAVE A NEGRO
MAA FOR HIS BOSS? No! you wouldn’t.
A certain white man, indorsed by Senator
Clay and many other prominent men, tried to
get that negro’s place, and wrote to Bill,
offering to retain his father-in-law in the
same place he now holds, if Bill would help
him get the negro’s job.
What do you suppose was Bill’s reply?
Bill told the said white applicant for the
negro’s place, that “a bird in the hand is
worth two in the bush”!
This shows how determined Bill was that
the negro should not be removed. It also
shows why Rucker held the. job for thirteen
years.
It also proves that every one knew that
Bill would regard a fight on the negro,
Rucker, as a fight on himself.
And it likewise proves what moral cowards
the Georgia delegation, as a whole, have been.
Plague take their times! They ought to
be ashamed of themselves-;
I never knew of the facts in the case, until
a few weeks ago. An Atlanta negro wrote
to me, and put me “on”. I guess my in
formant hates Rucker, and doesn’t love How
ard.
Be that as it may, as soon as the facts came
to me, I resolved there and then, that you
should know about it.
Rucker has been kept over us, high in au
thority, for all these years, for no other rea
son than that Bill Howard wanted a member
of his family fed out of the public crib. It
is a disgrace to him; and also to every mem
ber of the Georgia delegation who, knowing
the facts, kept silence!
We will put each member of the delegation
on the witness stand, later on. As many of
them as knew the inwardness of the matter,
ARE PARTIES TO THE CRIME.
For it was a political crime, against the
whites of Georgia, to let that shameful state
of things exist, for so many years, without
any effort to put an end to it.
As Bill imported his brother-in-law into
his District from Fulton county, and has fed
him out of the public crib, also, Uncle Sam
has certainly been an Easy Mark for Bill's
family.
Now, when I got after William Marcellus
about this, and about his rotten Desertion to
the enemy, what DO you imagine he could
say ? It took him two weeks to say anything;
but when he finally pleaded to the indict-
(CONTINUED ON PAGE SEVEN)
Price, Five Cents