PAGE FOURTEEN
GREECE WITHOUT HER GROVES.
(Continued from Page Seven.)
ferences. They are all the result of climatic
changes. And these were brought about sole
ly by denuding the land of its forests. Is it
any wonder that the lesson has been brought
home to the enlightened governments of mod
ern nations? —Washington Post.
MAKING BUTTER ON THE FARM.
Two Prime Essentials to Success in This
Branch of Dairying.
There are two prime essentials in making
butter on the farm a profitable business. In
the first place, one must have plenty of pure,
cold water, and then a good enough grade must
be turned out to make and hold customers.
The trouble with nine out of every ten farm
homes is they are not equipped to take care
of milk and cream. When one goes into this
work to make money, better put up a milk
room, where pure water may be had from
pumping or from a spring. Concrete floor
and walls may now be built as cheaply as
with lumber, and it is a great deal better
than lumber. Don’t stop here. A barrel churn
and a butter maker will be necessary in
turning out a uniform product. It looks easy
—simply separating the cream, churning till
the butter comes, and salting, and the trick
is done. That is where so many fail. The
cream must be churned at the right tempera
ture; it must be neither too sweet nor too
sour. Working and salting butter to secure
uniform color and flavor is a very nice art.
Don’t try to learn to do it infallibly in two
or three weeks, but by all means don’t practice
on your customers. That means loss. It is
better to wait two or three months, until you
are sure of your quality, before you seek
customers. And before you ship, find out how
your commission man or private customers
perfer to have their butter put up. Sometimes
the package means a difference of two or
three cents a pound.—Twentieth Century
Review.
If you want to keep right up with the progress of things
-* : • ■ SUBSCRIBE TO
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
Price SI-50 Per Year
In Clubs of 3 or more, $1 for each Subscriber
No Commissions on This Offer
The magazine carries short stories, serials, poems,
historical articles and special contributions on govern
mental questions. Mr. Watson writes about twenty-five
pages per month. Addrsss, Jeffersonian, Thomson, Ga.
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
THE MAN WITH THE IDEA.
The stately pageant of yesterday in honor
of General and Governor and Vice-President
George Clinton suggests these points:
Clinton was wrong in some vital questions,
but he strove to upbuild his State, and,
through the growth of States, has come the
Great Nation! The lesson of the simultaneous
honor to Alexander Hamilton in the unveiling
of his statue and the splendid pageant hon
oring George Clinton is that time bring*® out
the virtues of those fighting bitterly in the
long ago.
George Clinton was the man with the IDEA
of the canal, subsequently carried out by
De Witt Clinton. George Clinton was the
man with the IDEA!
And the splendid military spectacle, nobly
arranged and commanded by General Fred
Dent Grant, was a reminder that through war
we have peace, and that within the bosom of
this peaceful Republic ever burn the fires of
war, if war is necessary. —New York Ameri
can.
WALL STREET’S VIEW OF THE FUTURE.
Wall street is the brightest spot in the
country. A year ago it was discounting a
depression in general trade. Stocks w'ere
going down. Today they are going up, and
the suggestion naturally arises that Wall street
may now be discounting a revival in general
trade. Great as the advance has been prices
are still from 25 to 80 points below last year’s
figures.
There are several things that justify Wall
street in seeing a return of prosperity. The
treasury is meeting a deficit in a sound con
dition. The country’s currency is also sound
beyond all question. The great west is rich.
It is full of accumulated capital. In 1874 and
1894 the west was insolvent. It now stands
on its own bottom, and if it demands activity
in general trade and takes steps to restore it
after the extent of the harvests becomes
known, something will be accomplished.
Abundant harvests would increase the buy
ing power of a vast number of people, and
it is but reasonable today that an increased
THE GREAT
Southwest Magazine
Is the only High Class, Illustrated, Literary
Magazine in the Southwest, which is devoted
exclusively to its Romance, History and Devel
opment.
Our “Clearing House Department” gives in
valuable information to the Health Seeker,
Home and Investor about cities in Ne
braska, Wyoming, Utah, Colorado, New Mexico,
Arizona, California, Texas, Arkansas, Okla
homa, Missouri and Kansas, to which our maga
zine is devoted.
Circulation 60,008 monthly. Best Advertising
Medium for those wishing to reach people of
modest means, as well as the rich on ranches,
in small towns and large cities of the South
west. A third of our circulation is now in
Eastern, Middle, Western and Southern States.
Subscription price SI.OO a year. Send 10
cents for copy of latest issue showing valuable
premiums for yearly subscribers.
THE GREAT SOUTHWEST MAGAZINE.
1840 California St., Denver, Colo.
Ferguson’s Lessons
in Land Numbers
THE ONLY BOOK OF ITS KIND PUBLISHED
In addition to full information pertaining to subdivision
of land, as well as the leading points of law governing the
same, it has several never before published articles. One
from Mr. F. W. Foote, Ex-President of the State Bankers'
Association, now active Vice-President of one of the leading
banks of the State, on “How to Open and Conduct a Bank
Account,” another from. Dr. Sims, Superintendent of the
Blind Institute of Mississippi, on the “Care and Preservation
of the Eyes.”
This booklet has the endorsement of the leading
educators and others throughout the country and should
be in the hands of all interested in land or the right
training of the boys and girls of the country.
Mailed postpaid on receipt of price sOc. Money back
if not satisfied after five days examination. Remit by money
order or stamps.
THOS. M. FERGUSON, - - Hattiesburg, Miss.
If you want REAL enjoyment send ten cents
for a copy as HUMORIST! Address: Publisher
Humorist, St. Louis, Mo. In ordering your
reading matter, don't fall to include the Humor
ist!
125 Songs CDfr
Words and Music JL ■w ■ I ■ I
NATIONAL SONGS, HYMNS, HOME SONGS,
HEART SONGS, SACRED SONGS, ETC.,
FOR LOVERS
of Melody everywhere. Grandest collection
ever gotten together. Also 100 instructive
points for Music Lovers, showing the elements
of music and how it is learned. Among the
songs are: Home, Sweet Home, Abide With
Me, National Hymn, Columbia the Gem of the
Ocean, Juanita, Listen to the Mocking Bird,
Soft Music is Stealing, Star Spangled Banner,
Boat Song, and over 100 others. 250,000 copies
already sold. Everybody wants one. We send
this MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF SONGS
AND HYMNS, including 100 points in music
course, FREE, to everyone sending us 25 cents
for a 4-months’ trial subscription to the Home
and State, the illustrated Family Magazine, 32
pages, 128 columns, lots of pictures, good sto
ries and articles. No need to go to a music
store and pay 10 to 25 cents a copy for sheet
music when you can get these 125 Songs and
Music FREE. Send 25 cents (silver or stamps)
today before you forget it. Address THE
HOME AND STATE, 319 Commerce St., Dallas,
Texas.