PAGE TWELVE
WHAT BRYAN IS DOING WITH HIS
CAMPAIGN FUND.
(Continued from Page 9.)
paign he has not been assigned to any partic
ular duty. He does no specific work. He sim
ply loafs around the Headquarters, drinks cock
tails, smokes expensive cigars, and furnishes a
daily supply of hot air to any one who may
choose to listen.
To the effective work of the campaign, he
isn’t worth his weight in rocks. He is a bar
nacle, a leech, a deadweight. Yet, under Mr.
Bryan’s personal direction, this man Johnson
is paid a salary of S6OO a month.
The state of Georgia has been industriously
raked, fore and aft, early and late, to get dollars
to send to Bryan. According to the last ac
counts the Empire State of the Sunny South
has shelled out to the tune of about $1,200.
This sum will not be sufficient to pay more
than two months’ salary of one of the dead
beats who hangs around the Bryanite Head
quarters.
It is certainly a queer situation, somewhat
pathetic, somewhat shameful, that the editors
throughout the State of Georgia should be so
anxious to fool their own people in order that
monstrous salaries shall be paid to political
hangers-on and dead-beats in the Bryan head
quarters.
It would have been far better to have con
tributed the whole sum to the flood sufferers
of Augusta, or to the building of a monument
to the glorious women of the South who suf
fered, endured and achieved so much during the
Civil War.
* M *
Editorial Notes.
Bv J. D. Watson.
When Judge Taft spoke at Huntington, W.
Va., the other day, the band played “Marching
Through Georgia.”
Some of the Southern Democratic papers
have set up a great howl about it, for they feel
Cotton Picking Machine
WONDERFUL RESULTS OBTAINED
BY THURMAN SYSTEM.
Will Save Millions to Cotton Growers
of the World.
In the cotton report issued by the
government for 1907, the fact that no
machine had ever been invented to
successfully gather the cotton crop,
was bewailed. Since the government
report was written there has been
put upon the market, with no pre
vious heralding, what experts claim
will solve the problem of cotton har
vesting and save millions of dollars
to the cotton growers both in labor
and in the amount of cotton harvested.
The inventor and patentee of this
method is a Southerner, John S. Thur
man. His invention, the method of
house cleaning by compressed air and
vacuum, and the issuance to him of
157 patents on his devices, led him to
enter the field as a manufacturer. He
is now president of the General Com
pressed Air and Vacuum Machine Co.,
of St. Louis, and the owner of its capi
tal stock of $750,000. He is also pres
ident of the Vacuum Cotton Picking
Machine Company, his latest com
pany.
Mr. Thurman did not announce his
successful invention of the Cotton
Picking Machine until he had given it
a thorough test. His system of gath
ering cotton consists of the applica
tion of practically the name principle
of mechanics and physics as are used
in his house-cleaning device. A motor
it is an insult to the South, though the occur
rence happened in a* Northern state.
Wasn’t there a time, not long ago, when they
could have kicked up just as big a racket?
What about the Denver convention, —Mr.
Bryan’s convention. —when the band played
“Marching Through Georgia”?
As we know, when the Georgia delegation
did not go to Mr. Bryan, a procession was
formed, headed bv a band playing “Marching
Through Georgia.”
Not only did this procession march around
the Georgia delegation, but attempts were
made to tear down the Georgia banner.
And the Democratic band was playing
“Marching Through Georgia.”
This was an open insult to the Georgia del
egation, to their State and to the South.
Why didn’t the Southern papers howl wtih
indignation then?
The Hearst papers are making a big blow
over “the big slice which the Independence
League candidate for Governor cut irom the
solid vote of Georgia.”
But that’s the wav with the Hearst papers,
—all headlines and hot air.
Take scarehead tvpe, colored ink and
Hearst’s pocketbook.away from the Independ
ence party and the whole business would col
lapse like a punctured balloon.
*
Mr. Gompers seems to have stepped into hot
ter water than he expected to when he prom
ised to deliver the labor vote to Mr. Bryan.
From different sections comes the news that
the laborers will vote as thev please regard
less»of Mr. Gompers’ orders. Leaders of differ
ent unions are denouncing him for his actions
and he is in hot water all around.
It will not be at all surprising if Mr. Gomp
ers works himself out of office by his efforts to
force the laboring class to vote Mr. Bryan,
“the safe and sane,” into office.
driven by gasoline, the most inexpen
sive fuel that can be obtained today,
is mounted on a wide-wheeled truck.
The operation of this engine produces
ft
w < I
IL £■'
<■ ....
aWWr
HI
JNO. S. THURMAN.
Inventor of the Vacuum Cotton-Pick
ing Machine.
a vacuum in a tank connecting with a
receptacle for the gathered cotton.
Two or more lines of hose, each 100
feet long, connect with the cotton
‘Glje
tank. At the end of each hose is a
specially constructed and patented
nozzle, controlled by the operator.
This nozzle placed near the opened
boll of cotton, draws the cotton into
the hose and deposits it in a recep
tacle on the wagon. The boll is cleean
ed of every fibre of cotton and the
vacuum is so delicately adjusted that
it will draw into the receptable only
the clean cotton, with no leaves or
trash. A strip 200 feet wide, 100 feet
each side of the wagon, can be gath
ered with the machine. It does not
require expert operators to handle
the nozzle, and any man or boy can
run the engine. Two horses or mules
can draw the machine over the field.
The hose is so adjusted that if
dropped from the operator’s hand no
dirt will be drawn in. The cotton on
the tallest and shortest plants is
gathered with equal ease. When the
receptacle of the machine is full it is
emptied readily into sacks or on a
tarpaulin. Two men will gather 1,400
pounds of cotton in a day working ten
hours, which is easily seen to be an
enormous saving in labor.
Mr. Thurman’s announcement of the
invention of this machine and the
fact that he was ready for the mar
ket, has aroused tremendous interest
in the circles concerned in cotton pro
duction. Every day scores of visitors
call at the office of the Vacuum Cot
ton Picking Machine Co., in St. Louis,
to personally inspect the machine. It
has already become apparent that it
will require an enormous factory to
meet the demand for this machine,
and Mr. Thurman is now making ar
rangements to erect such a plant.
While Mr. Bryan is telling organized labor
that he and he only is the laborers’ friend, an
exchange makes the suggestion that Mr. Bryan
explain this question: Why doesn’t Mr. Bryan
employ union labor on his paper, “The Com
moner” ?
It does seem that one who loves the laboring
man as Mr. Bryan pretends to, one who sees
what the power of injunction will do toward
destroying the labor union, would employ union
labor.
He might at least give the labor union that
much substantial support, instead of so much
hot air.
Now watch Mr. Bryan try to dodge this is
sue, when it begins to get too hot for him to
handle, and say his brother is publisher of “The
Commoner.”
*
Judge Parker is stumping some of the South
ern States for Mr. Bryan, and telling us that
Mr. Bryan is the greatest statesman since Jef
ferson and Jackson.
My, my, what next?
Olney, late member of the Cleveland Cabinet,
is endorsing Bryan in Massachusetts.
Isn’t this the limit?
In 1896 these two men considered Mr. Bryan
almost an anarchist. They belonged to the
type of Democrat who considered Mr. Bryan
so dangerous that thev bolted the ticket and
ran one of their own, —Palmer and Buckner.
This was the conservative Democratic ticket.
But to-day it is this conservative element
which is giving Mr. Bryan his strongest sup
port.
Why such a wonderful change?
Who has made such a complete flop?
Certainly not the Parkers and the Olneys, for
they stand to-day for exactly what they stood
for in 1896, —and will continue to stand for as
long as they represent the same interests which
they now represent.
MISSISSIPPI ELECTORS.
For the guidance of voters in
Mississippi, we print the names of
the Populist electors below. Kindly
note them, friends. As one “blank
et” ticket is to carry the names of
several different party electors, be
sure to know your own men.
For the State of Mississippi, Na
tional Election, November 3rd,
1908.
R. Brewer, J. E. Gore, State at
large. __
P. W. Fulgham, Ist District.
Frank Ray, 2nd District.
W. B. McDowell, 3rd District.
J. M. Cunningham, 4th District.
W. D. Thompson, sth District.
W. B. O’Neal, 6th District.
Dr. W. T. Patterson, 7th District.
N. M. Hollinsworth, Sth District.
POPULIST ELECTORAL TICKET
FOR THE STATE OF
FLORIDA.
Daniel L. McKinnon, T. J. Bell,
State at large.
L. N. Cahoon, Ist District.
W. R. Peterson, 2nd District.
Henry Bush, 3rd District.
Note —Our State Executive Com
mittee is busily at work organizing
the counties, and we hope by Novem
ber to be able to make a good show
ing.