PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
BRYAN APPEALED TO TO STOP CROOK
ED VOTE GETTING SCHEME.
Omaha, July 29. —Victor Rosewater, Repub
lican national committeeman for Nebraska, to
day published an open letter to William J.
Bryan asking him to disapprove of the at
tempt that was recently made to file the names
of the Democratic presidential electors from
this state under the head of 4 ‘People’s Inde
pendents.”
Mr. Rosewater recently filed a protest in the
ease with the secretary of state.
Mr. Rosewater first refers to Bryan’s speech
last February before the civic forum in New
York, whose subject was “Thou Shalt Not
Steal,” and in which Mr. Bryan divided theft
into “larceny in violation of law,” and
“larceny through operation of law.” Says he:
“I ask you, Mr. Bryan, if the larceny of
something more priceless than property, name
ly, the unpurchasable votes of the people, is
not equally reprehensible whether the theft
is committed in violation of law or under
cover of legal technicalities?
“Let me call your attention to the fact, if
you are not already aware of it, that a con
spiracy is now on foot in this your own state
of Nebraska, engineered by your own brother
in-law as chairman of your democratic state
committee, for the purpose of purloining votes
not intended to be cast for you, and to count
them for your candidacy. In the interest of
square dealing I have filed protests with the
secretary of state against the misbranding of
democratic presidential electors. The filing
of the names of democratic electors as “Peo
ple’s Independents’ in a palpable attempt to
secure votes for you by false pretenses. If
this plot succeeds you will have the benefit of
the votes intended to be cast for Thomas E.
Watson as well as the votes intended to be
cast for you. If this would not be larceny of
these votes ‘through the operation of law,’
I would like to know what you would call it.”
When informed of the open letter of Vic
tor Rosewater, proprietor of the Omaha Bee,
and republiean national committeeman, in
which the allegation is made that a conspiracy
engineered by Ma*. Boyan’s brother-in-law,
is on foot “for the purpose of purloining
votes in Nebraska, not intended to be cast for
you,” Mr. Bryan said:
“I have not the time to make answer.” —
Daily Capitol.
JOHN WORTH KERN.
Mr. Kern, the Democratic nominee for vice
president, is an excellent lawyer. He ap
pears in the most important cases. When the
state got after Tom Taggart, the chairman of
the Democratic National Committee, to for
feit his hotel charter at French Lick Springs,
Ind., because there was a gambling hell run
there, Mr. Kern was his lawyer. Prior to
that Mr. Taggart was Mayor of Indianapolis
and he appointed Mr. Kern to the office of
city attorney. One of the strange things is
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
that Taggart, nearly two weeks before the
Democratic convention, said in an interview,
which was published at the time, that the tick
et would be Bryan and Kern. Mr. Kern ran
for governor of Indiana four years ago and
was beaten by well up to a hundred thousand.
His defeat was no greater than the balance of
the ticket, but it proved that he had no par
ticular pull on the people such as Johnson of
Minnesota had, when he, as a Democrat, car
ried his state, while at the same election the
Republican national ticket got over 150,000
majority —nearly four to one. Just why
Kern was put on for vice president it would
be hard to tell, unless it was to show the con
tempt the goldbugs had for Bryan, since he
has surrendered to them and is winningly ask
ing them to elect him. The money question
is settled and the party can now present a sol
id front, declared Bryan on returning from
Europe. This was as much as to say, I’ll “be
good” to Wall Street. In his speech to the
Economic League of New York City, this
year, he declared to the bankers there assem
bled that he would favor an emergency cur
rency issued to the banks on the banks’ as
sets. In his Denver platform he says to the
railroads that he will allow them to combine
on rates —will approve a law repealing the
present law, which makes such combinations a
crime.—Missouri World, Chillicothe, Mo.
It will only cost half a million for that
little pleasure trip of our war vessels around
the horn. Every time they shoot at a mark
with one of our big guns it costs nearly a
thousand dollars, besides the wear and tear
on the gun, which can only stand to be fired
a few times. The active life of a ship that
costs several million dollars is only about fif
teen years, and they become antiquated in
less time than that. Still there are preachers
who hope to shoot religion into some more
heathen, and some business men who intend
to exploit some more foreign nations and
helpless people.
While this enlightened and powerful nation
is building a great navy to overawe the rest
of the world, Brazil has passed an organic
law that forbids its congress from declaring
war without first proposing arbitration. —
Unafraid, Mt. Vernon, Ind.
Mr. Luke E. Wright, who has been named
by President Roosevelt to succeed W. 11. Taft
as secretary of war, was a captain in the
Confederate army, from the state of Tennes
see. We don’t know him. It sounds a little
strange to us old Confeds that one of our
number should have been given so important
a position in this great government, but if he
was a true Confederate, you can put down
all your money that if the stars and stripes
are assailed while he holds that position he
will be found at his post when needed, and
found staying there as long as there is a foot
of earth to stand on. —People’s Paper, Char
lotte, N. C.
SOUTHLAND.
Clouds of foam-white blossoms snowing
On the roses, faintly blowing,
In the pale moon’s misty light.
Comes the mock-bird’s wild, sweet singing—
Full of love, and full of longing—
Through the starlit Southern night.
JESSIE DAVIES. WILLDY.
PEACEFUL JAPAN.
Viscount Terauchi, the Japanese Minister
of War, gives distinguished assurances that
Japan desires above all things to maintain
peaceful relations with the nations of the
world and to address its energies to the re
adjustment of national finances and to econo
mic improvement after her sanguinary strug
gle with Russia. There is every reason to
believe that the Viscount is sincere in this
statement. Japan is not in a financial or
industrial condition to complacently contem
plate war with the United States or any other
great military and naval power, and even
if she have a reserved determination to
exploit her force in attaining further Asiatic
domination, some years must elapse before
she will be prepared to invite hazardous com
plications in that respect. —Nashville Banner.
The whole state is aroused over the con
vict lease system and its reported disgrace. Let
us hope that the legislative investigation will
find not only the trouble but the remedy.
And, by the way, in case there are state offi
cials guilty of misconduct, they should not go
unpunished.—Meigs Review.
To make the land that God gave u» the
basis of money issue is crazy populism; to
make a fraudulent watered bond of a railroad,
issued by ia pack of highwaymen in Wall
Street, is eminent finance. This is republican
doctrine. —Critic, Sioux Falls, S. Dak.
The Atlanta School of Medicine is a strong
young institution which means to do its share
toward raising the standard of medical educa
tion in the South. It is a large and well equip
ped college and the facilities for bedside in
struction, through the maintenance of its own
hospital and dispensary, are excellent. The
out-door clinics, winter and summer, are like
wise of great practical benefit to the students.
The men composing the faculty are not only
specialists in the branches over which they
preside, but have been selected specially with
a view to their teaching capacity as well. It
is altogether a school whose claims are worthy
the consideration of the prospective medical
student.
Gene Chafin had to be rescued from a Y.
M. C. A. swimming pool only a few days ago,
and now has stopped a brick in the Spring
field riots, but is still in the race. He is a
real spot-lighter.