of the Georgia delegation from county lodges
all over the state.
Morgan Hears Depew Praise.
Senator Depew today replied to a reecnt
charge made in the senate by Senator Culber
son, of Texas, that during the recent panic
the Secretary of the Treasury favored New
York City in depositing public money in na
tional depositories.
The danger that was so great, he said, was
avoided by the wise action of the Secretary
of the Treasury, assisted by “that phenome
nal genius, Pierpont Morgan, who, associating
with himself the bankers of New York, pro
vided the means by which the assailed banks
could be saved.’ ’ At the time this utterance
was made Mr. Morgan occupied a seat in
the private gallery of senators, and was a
careful listener to all that was said. —Nash-
ville Banner.
ANANIAS CLUB GIVEN A BOOST BY
ROOSEVELT.
(Continued from Page One.)
at all at this time. As regards collectors
of internal revenue, some are appointed upon
the recommendation of senators, and some up
on the recommendation of congressmen. In the
Ohio case the collector of internal revenue
whom I nominated in the first district was
recommended by the congressmen of the dis
trict. In the tenth district I followed the
recommendation of two senators. In other
words, I followed the same course in Ohio as
in other states as regards all these nomina
tions, the only difference being that Ohio is
the single state where the bulk of the federal
employes have been inclined to be against
the presidential candidate of the state. In
New York, Pennsylvania, Illinois, Indiana and
Wisconsin, so far as I know,' the enormous
majority of appointees are in each case for
the presidential candidate of the state. This
has not been true in Ohio; and my interference
with patronage matters in Ohio has been lim
ited to insisting, as I should insist anywhere
else, that opposition to the purposes, policies
and friends of the administration shall not be
considered as a necessary prerequisite to hold
ing the commission of the president.
Warning to Office-holders.
In my letter to the civil service commission
of June 12, 1902, which now holds good, and
will be enforced, officers are warned not to
use their places to control political movements,
not to coerce their subordinates, nor to neg
lect their public duties for political work, not
to cause any public scandal by their political
activity, but outside of the classified service
they are not otherwise limited in political
activity. No officer will be permitted to vio
late the above injunction, with my knowledge,
no matter for what consideration he may be
working, and I may add that the only officers
as to whom any question of violation of this
injunction has hitherto arisen have been men
who are not working for Mr. Taft.
The above is a full statement of the facts.
Not an appointment has been made that would
not have been made if there had been no
presidential contest impending, and in no case
has there been a deviation from the course that
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
would have pursued had none of those who
actually are candidates for the nomination
been candidates.
Yours truly,
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
Hon. William Dudley Foulke, Richmon,
Ind.
—Atlanta Constitution.
For $1 I will send the Prince Razor Hone in
a neat leatherette box, postpaid. Absolutely
the only hone on the market that is made for
private use. Anybody can hone a razor with
it as good as a barber can.
WILL L. PRINCE.
2174 Ontario St., Cleveland, 0.
Magazine Premium
Send us 2 new subscribers, at full price, for
The Jeffersonian Magazine and get as a Pre
mium a year’s subscription to
HOLLAND’S MAGAZINE
a high-class, illustrated monthly. Three new
subscribers to Weekly Jeffersonian will earn
the same premium.
Husbands tell
1. wives to send
i i self - addressed,
stamped envelope for secret.
ANNA FOY, Wichita, Kan.
EARLY SPRING OATS
ALEXANDER’S SELECTED
GENUINE TENNESSEE GROWN BURT OR 90 DAY ARE THE BEST. PRICES:
1 bu. sl, 5 to 10 at 89c; 25 to 50 at 84c; 100, 80c. They are grown especially for seed
from selected seed stock.
ALEXANDER’S SEEDS ARE THE BEST THAT GROW. SELECTED FOR THE
SOUTH. OUR STOCKS ARE ALL FRESH AND TESTED FOR PURITY AND GERM
INATION.
New Catalog is now ready. Your name on a postal will bring it, and it will pay
you to order from it.
THE ALEXANDER SEED COMPANY
AUGUSTA, GEORGIA Established 1873
FOUR NEW BOOKS
Mr. Watson will soon have on the market:
(1) PROSE SKETCHES, at „ 50
(2) SELECTED SPEECHES, at i SO
(3) SOCIAL, POLITICAL AND ECONOM IC SELECTIONS “ 150
(4) POLITICAL AND ECONOMIC HAN DBOOK, at 100
Orders received now. Address,
JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
TOM WATSON MELON—72-tb.
The very best and most attractive melon ever
put on the market, it is long and dark green
in color, and its eating quality has no supe
rior, it keeps longer than any other melon after
ripening, and is one of the best shipping mel
ons grown; it will make more money for those
who plant it than any other.
I planted a few acres of very thin land last
season to supply my home trade, and to se
cure more seed for the growing demand, and
to my surprise I not only made all the melons
for this purpose, but sold five car loads that
brought me $450.
Read what Mr. P. B. Sharp, of Oklahoma,
says of them: “I received the package of
seed in due time, and planted them rather late
in season, and hardly cultivated them at all,
bat they grew a very fine crop of melons, the
finest that I ever saw in the Simerion Valley
this season, will plant no other next season,
as I consider this all that is desired in a
watermelon.”
I have a few seed from this wonderful melon,
to offer to the growers at $1.35 per pound, five
pounds for $6.50, express prepaid. Address
W. A. WATSON, Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIVE