PAGE TWELVE
ASK YOUR CONGRESSMAN.
(Continued from Page Nine.)
was about the only paper that did so.
The people paid no attention.
Did your Congressman break his contract
with you. and snatch that increase of pay?
ASK HIM.
it H H
Holv Hoke Managed It In Oklahoma.
In the March number of Sturm’s Oklahoma
Magazine, we find a vivid description of the
manner in which the Cherokee Strip was open
ed to settlers. (The author is J. W. Fryer.)
At that time, the Hon. Hoke Smith was the
Secretary of the Interior, and it was his prov
ince to decide how the home-seekers should
enter upon the new territory and locate their
land.
We quote from the article as follows:
“The Secretary of the Interior ordered that
every man who wanted a claim or a town lot
must first register and get a certificate that
would entitle him to a chance to try to outrun
his neighbor. This was a sad mistake, and
caused more suffering than any order ever is
sued by the government, and Hoke Smith, the
originator, at once became the worst hated
man in the country, and if he had dared to set
his foot on Oklahoma soil he would have cer
tainly been roughly handled. Many a poor
man stood in line at one of these registration
booths for over a week to be registered, and
while he was honestly waiting his turn, the
fellow who would pay on the side for the
special privilege was being registered ahead.
Many a man made a small fortune by accept
ing bribes, dividing with some booth director,
and running his man under the back of the
tent. As much as SSOO was paid for a worth
less certificate. In some instances false booths
were set up and did a rushing business with
forged or stolen blank certificates. Finally,
the man without a certificate was as well off
as the man who had one.
“Every one seemed bent on making money.
Here was a boy selling lemonade at ten cents
per tin cup —three lemon rinds fresh from day
before yesterday floating about in a bucket of
stale water. Another was selling branch mud
and water mixed out of a barrel at twenty-five
cents per bucket. One woman sold raw apple
pies at a quarter each, and when the purchaser
asked why it was not cooked she replied:
‘What do you expect? Cooked pies at that
money?’ Then the eye-goggle man got in his
work. You must remember that there had
been no rain for seven weeks, gnd if a man had
any eyes left at all he wanted a pair of gog
gles, for the dust was something terrible. The
prices mounted upwards from ten cents to
twenty-five, fifty, seventy-five, until $1.50 a
pair was reached and the stock was all gone.
1 saw Lamb’s eye shields sell for $5 per pair.
It is not reasonable I know, but it is true.
Noting the crowd moving swiftly in one
direction we went to see what was doing, and
pushing through learned that a poor old man
had stood in line so long at Hoke Smith’s
booth that reason had left him, and he was
carted away a raving maniac, to end his days
paying the debt we all pay in the race for gold.
Another fell, and nature was so weak he died
as a result of the struggle. Heartsick, we
pushed and crowded away from this point of
suffering.”
it •?. '
'Result of the Hell Case.
As is well known, George Bell was given his
liberty from the State Sanitarium and has pub
licly and privately pledged himself to help, to
the extent of his ability, better the prevailing
conditions so as to prevent wrongful commit
ments and to bring about such treatment of
insane as will be beyond criticism. In an-
Gbe Uftffersonian
other issue, the Jeffersonian will probably take
up both subjects at length. Meantime, letters
are being received in reference to cases that
seem somewhat similar to that of Mr. Bell and
charging cruel treatment of inmates. Some
of these are very striking and urgently de
mand investigation of the conditions at the
Sanitarium. On another page will be found
several of these to which the thoughtful at
tention of our readers is directed. Is it true
that the Convict Lease System was but one
of the horrors to be wiped out? Do other
wards of the state “die like dogs?”
it * n
The Ship Subsidy Tails Again.
The Senate passed the bill to grant subsidies
out of the national treasury to certain steam
ship lines. In the House, it came very near
going through, but did not quite do so.
Such a measure should never become a law.
To re-create our merchant marine, nothing
more is needed than the repeal of the unwise
legislation which destroyed it. Let the sea
merchant purchase his vessel wherever he can
get the best bargain; and then, if he is an
American citizen give him the protection of
the flag!
When we compel our shipbuilder to con
struct his vessel in this country, where the
high tariff makes it more expensive than any
where else on earth, we put our American ship
owners at such a disadvantage that they are
unable to compete with the less costly vessels
built in Europe. We, at present, do force our
ship-owners to construct their vessels in this
country, by denying them the protection of
the flag if they buy or build elsewhere.
The proposition to charge the taxpayers
with the difference in the cost of ship-building
here and abroad, and to donate this to the
builder, is altogether wrong. That in princi
ple, is what is proposed by the Ship Subsidy.
it It H
Tditorial Notes.
By J. D. Watson.
The United States Supreme Court has held
that the interstate commerce law prohibiting
free passes on railroads is applicable to ex
press franks.
If it is applicable to express franks, why
not telephone and telegraph franks? They art
all of the same nature, and if it is wrong
for one to ride free or send a package free, why
isn’t it wrong to use the telegraph or tele
phone free?
They are all public service corporations and
should grant special favors to none.
The Court made an important and far
reaching decision, but one which is only good
law founded on common sense.
If it hadn’t been for his telegraph frank, per
haps Senator Tillman would not have been
caught in his proposed land deal.
It
On the same day the Supreme Court handed
down other important decisions.
The fine of SIOB,OOO put upon the New
York Central railroad for granting rebates to
the Sugar Trust was affirmed.
The Anti-Trust law of Arkansas was de
clared to be constitutional and one of the big
packing houses of Chicago will have to pay a
fine for violating it.
This is getting back to the intention of the
founders of our government in a hurry and
the people can rejoice a little.
Now let every state pass an anti-trust law
along the lines of the Arkansas law and the
states will be able to control them without
Federal control. s
. In still another important decision the Su-
preme Court says a state may control tele
phone rates. . ,
The railroad commission of Louisiana re
duced the long distance rates of the Cumber
land Telephone Co. The Telephone Com
pany claimed that a state had no right to
regulate its rates and trotted up to the United
States Supreme Court.
But they received-an unexpected setback,
for the Court says a state has the right to
regulate your long distance rates.
Since this decision, wouldn’t it be well for
our Georgia Railroad Commission to look into
the long distance telephone rates charged in
thi§ state?
It
Now we get it from Washington that the
government will not make the railroads pay
the penalty for failing to deliver mail on time.
The government pays the railroads an im
mense sum to haul its mail.
In order to hasten the delivery of mail be
tween certain impdrtan t points a big bonus
was added to the usual amount.
It was also stipulated in these contracts that
when the railroad was as much as thirty min
utes late, ten times in one quarter, in deliver
ing said mail, the railroad was to pay a certain
fine.
The railroads seem to have regarded the con
tract only in so far as it gave them the extra
price for “quick delivery,” which delivery was
sometimes twenty-four hours late.
If the railroads collect the extra price for
doing extra work, why not let the railroads
pay the fine when they do very inferior work?
*
Despite the statement of Solicitor General
Joe Pottle that Bell was as “crazy as a bat;”
that The Jeffersonian was apt to be sued for
libel, and that Judge Lawson’s letter would
annihilate McNeill, and The Jeffersonian, The
Jeffersonian and McNeill are still kicking.
And George Bell is at home in Swainsboro
instead of in the Asylum at Milledgeville.
Mr. Pottle is one of the ablest Solicitors
General in Georgia, and we hate to see him
shooting off his mouth to people outside of
the Courthouse instead of doing his talking
inside of the Courthouse on the merits of the
case as shown by the evidence.
The latter policy seems to be the one fol
lowed by older and, also, able Solicitors Gen
eral.
Perhaps it will do our friend of the Ocmul
gee Circuit no harm to follow the example
of his elders hereafter.
Anyway, we are not so uneasy as we were
after we read Mr. Pottle's statement.
But in all seriousness, Mr. Pottle, we pub
lished George Bell’s letter, McNeill's letter,
and defended Bell’s cause because we honestly
believed Bell had been illegally committed.
We honestly believed a citizen had been
deprived of his liberty in a manner which the
laws of Georgia FORBID.
Then Mr. Pottle, one question to you?
When you became familiar with the facts in
the case (which you must have) and saw that
the commitment of Bell was illegal, was it
your duty to aid in continuing his illegal de
tention? •
As a state officer could you not have said,
“I represent the State of Georgia, one of her
citizens is being illegally deprived of his lib
erty and I demand that you restore to him
his liberty, or show the reason why.”
You would have won much more credit by
this course, Mr. Pottle, than you did by tell
ing the Editor of the Greensboro Herald that
“Bell is as crazy as a bat,” as well as telling
him what one of the Jurors was threatening
to do in the way of a suit against Mr. Wat*
son’s paper.