PAGE FOURTEEN
h DEMOCRATIC PLATFORM.
We have seldom seen so good a summary
of the doctrine of fundamental Democracy as
that put forth by Dr. J. H. Lackey of Canton,
Ky., when that gentleman was a candidate for
Congress on the People’s Party ticket in 1904.
For the benefit of the readers of the Jeffer
sonian we re-publish the Doctor’s platform.
It is hardly necessary to say that this cham
pion of genuine Democracy was snowed under
by an opponent who is no more of a Jeffer
sonian Democrat than Alexander Hamilton
himself was.
1. We believe that the Gold Standard is
wrong and that the money question is not
settled until it is settled right.
The Watson Books
Story of France
Two Large Volumes, Prepaid - - - - $3.50
Napoleon
One Large Volume, Illustrated, Prepaid - $1.75
Life and Times of Jefferson
One Large Volume, Illustrated, Prepaid - $1.75
Bethany
A Story of the Old South, Illustrated, Prepaid, $1.25
NEW BOOKS
Handbook of Politics and Economics - SI.OO
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson
One Large Volume - - - $1.50
Sketches From Roman History- -50 c
ALL PREPAID
Address JEFFERSONIAN, Thomson, Ga.
Explanation: We have te order these books from New York.
Therefore there should be an allowance made for the time necessary
to carry the order to New York and fer the book to be sent from
that city.
Fortunes In Fig Orchards
Texas Figs are the World’s Fair Winners
Th® famous Fig Preserves made at Aldine, near Houston, are the finest and best known in the world. One important thing which must
not be overlooked is, that the fig orchards here never fail to produce large, profitable crops. One Acre Set in Figs and One Town Lot,
Both for $230, payable 10 dollars per month without interest, no payment when sick, clear warranty deed in case of death. Local eash mar
ket for fruit. Single crop pays for land and lot. Money back in 3 years with annual income for life. Better than banks, bonds or life
insurance. If you want to enjoy life in South Texas under your own “vine and fig tree,” or make a small, safe, profitable investment, write
fer particular. AGENTS WANTED.
E. C. ROBERTSON, General Sales Manager, 316 Klam Bldg., HOUSTON, TEX.
OPHI JBEMRSOMIAM
2. That all United States money should be
issued by the Government- only .and not by
Banks, and should consist of Gold. Silver, and
Paper all upon equality without discriminat
ing against either.
3. That all wealth should belong to those
who create it, and that Labor has a right to
organize for its protection, and that child
labor should be abolished.
4. That the people should have the right,
through the Initiative and Referendum, to
vote direct upon all important measures, thus
preventing the purchase of legislation.
5. That the land should not be monopolized
by the few, and when owned by foreigners
who owe no allegiance to our flag, or by
corporations, should be reclaimed by the
Government and held for actual settlers only.
6. That it is better for the Government to
own the railroads than for the railroads to
own the Government, and that all the people
should own and operate the public utilities
for the benefit of all, and thus destroy Trusts
and Monopolies.
7. That Government by injunction is des
potic and wrong, and that no one should be
imprisoned without a fair trial by jury.
8. That just Government is by consent of
the governed, and that the Constitution should
go with the flag.
9. That an Income Tax is right and just,
• and would force the rich to help the laboring
poor to pay the taxes.
10. That United States Senators should, be
elected by direct vote of the people.
If you can take eight subscriptions a day for
a paper that everybody wants, and a magazine J*
that sells on sight, with another big paper B
thrown in for good measure, we ■
CAN OFFER YOU 1
$3.00 A DAY I
This is a fine proposition for agents. You *
can work your regular line, and make SIB.OO a
week on the side. It is a soft snap for an ac- I
tive man or boy. For particulars, address the
JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga. \
Ferguson’s Lessons
in Land Numbers '
THE ONLY BOOK OF ITS KIND PUBLISHED
In addition to full information pertaining to subdivision
of land, as well as the leading points of law governing the
same, it has several never before published articles. One g
from Mr. F. W. Foote, Ex-President of the State Bankers' B
Association, now active Vice-President of one of the leading B
banks of the State, on “How to Open and Conduct a Bank £
Account,” another from Dr. Sime, Superintendent of the ■
Blind Institute of Mississippi, on the “Care and Preservation B
of the Eyes.”
This booklet has the endorsement of the leading B
educators and others throughout the country and should B
be in the hands of all interested in land or the right m
training of the boys and girls of the country.
Mailed postpaid on receipt of price sOc. Money back B.
if not satisfied after five days examination. Remit by money ■
order or stamps.
THOS. M. FERGUSON, - - Hattiesburg, Miss. 1|
TkTkATkOH cured; quick relief; removes all swell- K
IK 11 rA V ing in Bto 20 days; 30 to 60 days effects B
JI permanent cure. Trial treatment given K
free to sufferers; nothing fairer. For ]■
circulars, testimonials and free trial treatment, write
DR. H. H. GREEN’S SONS, Box K, Atlanta, Ga.