year, by the offer of the Bryan support of
Hearst, in 1912.
We think it quite probable that Bryan made
such a proposition. We think, likewise, that
Hearst declined to consider it —not for the
■high and sacred reasons given by Hearst, but
for the reason that Hearst knew he could not
trust Bryan to keep his word.
In his monomania to be President, Bryan
would “trick” anybody about anything; sind
Hearst, who was badly bitten in his deal with
Murphy, had no appetite for another deal,
with a trickster who is more than a match for
Murphy.
To the Hearst accusation, Mr. Bryan con
tents himself by replying that “it is absolutely
false.” Mr. Hearst thereupon entered into
these details, which carry conviction:
Hearst Reiterates Charge.
“William Randolph Hearst, when shown Mr.
Bryan’s denial of Mr. Hearst’s statement that
Bryan, four months ago* proposed to support
Mr. Hearst four years hence in return for Mr.
Hearst’s support in this campaign, made the
following statement:
“ ‘I do not see why Mr. Bryan is always pro
posing policies that he has to recant, saying
things that he has to retract, and doing things
that he has to deny.
“ ‘When Mr. Bryan came to Ndw York some
four months ago I did not call on him, as I
had nothing to see him about. He did call on
me, as apparently he had something to see me
about.
“ ‘I kept his visit a secret, but Mr. Chanler,
in a suit brought against me, stated in his affi
davit that he had seen Mr. Bryan at my house,
and so the visit was inadvertently made public.
That visit was without result, as I purposely
avoided politics.
“ ‘Shortly after, I received an invitation from
a friend of mine to dinner. When I went to
the dinner I found Mr. Bryan there. After
the dinner Mr. Bryan stepped aside with me
in the hall, and said exactlv what I said he did.
“‘I wish he had not said it. I was surprised
and humiliated by the proposition. It showed
that Mr. Brvan had no appreciation or concep
tion of the work I had done for him, or of the
reason I had worked so hard and made so
many sacrifices in the cause. It showed that
he considered me merely a trader, working for
some personal advantage or promotion in poli
tics. I left the house humiliated, as I say, but
more than ever opposed to Mr. Bryan, more
than ever convinced x that I was right in oppos
ing him.’ ”
M M
Help! Sambo, —Help!!
Didn’t we tell you so?
Did we not say that the true reason why
the Democratic legislature of Georgia refused
to pass the Hardwick disfranchisement bill
was that the Democratic ringsters wanted to
keep the negroes in reserve, in the event said
ringsters needed the negro vote to beat the
white reformers?
We “shore” did.
And now your have the proof.
By the Disfranchisement act of 1907, as
agreed on by Hardwick, Watson and Smith,
the law was to go into effect immediately after
the October election. The negroes were not
to a ote in the Nqvember election of 1908.
So matters stood until after June 4, 1908. On.
that day something happened to Hoke —some-
thing that was in the nature of a disagreeable
surprise.
Well, one of those who had not supported
Hoke the second time was the old man who
heads the Populist ticket. Not that he voted
for “Little Joe” Brown, or advised any one else
to do it —for he' didn’t. But he had not sup
ported Hoke, the second time, and had in
dulged in certain criticisms of Hoke in The
Jeffersonian.
Whereupon, Hoke determined' { to get re
venge. Bryan having made his deal with the
negro leaders, and Bishop Turner and many
other negro preachers being hard at work for
-Jeffersonian
our Illinois hero, it occurred to Hoke that the
very thing that was needed to keep Watson
from carrying Georgia, was to give the ne
groes a whack at the man who had helped to
make the disfranchisement issue successful.
Happy thought!
Apparently, the white voters of Georgia
were going to give Watson a majority. This
would never do. Such a thing could not pos
sibly hurt the state, but it might be to the
disadvantage of Hoke.
Therefore, rather than let the whites carry
the state to Watson, the negroes must be per
mitted to vote in the November election.
For that reason, and no other, Hoke slipped
a law through the legislature a few weeks ago,
changing the Disfranchisement act of 1907, and
postponing the elimination of the negroes to
January, 1909.
Once more, the Democratic politicians need
Sambo —and they break pledges and change
statutes to get him. .To a man up a tree, it
looks as though the Hokite politicians mean
to knock up the White Primary system, defeat
the Disfranchisement law, and keep the pur
chaseable negroes where they can be used as
a balance of power.
The Hokite politicians are acting as if they
are not bound by the White Primary. In that
case, why have any more White Primaries?
And if it is right to bring Sambo back to um
pire the November election of 1908, why not
keep him for next time, also?
Hoke Smith’s disaster of June, 1908, was
due to himself — TO HIMSELF ALONE. He
did not keep faith. He betrayed his allies and
plotted against the country counties. But so
great is his thirst for revenge on those who
opposed him this year, that he seems bent upon
desperate measures.
His plan appears to be to abolish the White
Primary, defeat Disfranchisement, and to get
back in power on Sambo’s shoulders.
H H M
Rev. Sam Walker changes his Appling date
to September 28. He and Mr. Watson will
address the Columbia County people at noon
recess of court, beginning at 11 o’clock a. m.,
if the Judge will kindly consent to adjourn at
that hour.
H H *
Dishonesty In Georgia Politics.
Hoke Smith’s organ, which covers Dixie like
the dew, tries harder to be witty than to be
honest. The net result is that the Journal
is neither witty nor honest. On the contrary,
in its struggle to be funny it is revealing a
cynical disregard of those plain principles of
rectitude which ever}- respectable citizen, feels
bound to uphold.
If Hoke Smith would come out openly and
attack Jos. M. Brown and Mr. Watson, his
conduct would excite no particular criticism.
Everybody knows how he feels toward those
two native Georgians, and nobody would
blame him much for blazing away at them with
ponderous* anathemas and dismally humorous
anecdotes.
But when Hoke lurks in the bushes, while
the small hirelings of his recognized organ as
sail his enemies with falsehoods and clumsy
ridicule, his attitude is rather discreditable.
What are Mr. Watson’s crimes, as per the
Journal?
(1) He denounced and helped defeat an
abominable plot of* the Hokite politicians to
rob the country people of their legal share
of power in nominating conventions. He is
glad that he did it.
’ 2) He insists that the white voters who went
into the White Primary of June 4, are, in hon
or, bound to support the nominees. If Jos. M.
Brown was not legally nominated in that pri
mary, nobody else was. The fact that none of
the other nominees chosen at that primary are
being antagonized, exposes the inwardness of
the opposition to Brown. Why is it that no
one questions the binding force of the nomi
nation in favor of Attroney-General Hart, and
3JI the other state officers who were nominated
at the June primary?
Why is it that Mr. Speer acquiesces in the
nomination of Treasurer Park, and loyally sup
ports him ?
Why is that Capt. R. H. Milledge, candi
date for Prison Commissioner, submitted like
a man to his defeat and makes no kick on the
primary?
Because they are honest. They went into
the primary knowing that they might get left,
and when they did get left, they had no more
to say.
Now, if ‘Little Joe” Brown had no right
to run against Hoke, the point ought to have
been made then. If the “unwritten law” gives
a Governor four years when the written law
gives him but two, Hoke ought not to have
allowed Little Joe to butt in.
When Brown was allowed to enter the race,
and to stay in to the finish, he’s entitled to the
office —so far as concerns every voter who
voluntarily went into the primary.
As to the course of Hoke’s organ, that is de
spicable, beyond words. To print article af
article in which sore-heads attack Brown, and
to vilify Watson day after day for advising
the white voters of this state to act like hon
est men, is the vilest journalism we have yet
had.
In due time Hoke will discover that he has
made one more huge mistake.
W M *
After Republican Votes, Too.
Not only is the Peerless One doing his ut
most to corral the negro vote, but he’s after
the white Republicans, as well.
Speaking in Salem, Illinois, where he was
born and reared. Mr. Bryan put forth the
claims that he, rather than Taft, is the heir of
Roosevelt; “so I think I have a right to ex
pect a good many Republican votes this year.”
If* Mr. Bryan can get the votes of the ne
gro Republicans who hate Roosevelt, and also
the votes of the White Republicans who love
Roosevelt, accomplish a feat much
more difficult than that of securing the Pro
hibition vote in the South at the same time
that he captures the whiskey vote of the Mid
dle West.
To hold Southern Democracy hard and fast,
while winning the negro leaders with anti-
Southern pledges, would have seemed incredi
ble a year ago —but Bryan is doing it.
Now, let him bunch under his banner the
white Western Republicans who love Roose
velt, along with the blacks who hate him, and
the master trickster will have excelled himself.
M H
Superstition Adb anting.
There has been a mighty stir in London town
over the proposition of the Catholics to have
a street parade, in which “the Host” should
be carried.
Do you know what the Host is? Well, it’s
a little bit of flour bread, a thin wafer, like
those our mothers used to put on the supper
table. Wafer irons are scarce now, we im
agine, but in the old days wafer-irons and
waffle-irons belonged to the outfit of every
complete kitchen.
Doesn’t it strike you as somewhat ridiculous
that a lot of clericals, dressed like old women,
should want to go straddling through the
streets, carrying at the head of the procession
a wafer of flour, about as large around as a
small saucer?
And if these absurd old grannies want to do
a thing of that kind, isn’t it comical that thou
sands of other old grannies should get excited
about it, and appeal to King Edward and the
Home Secretary to stop it?
But the whole thing has a deep meaning, as
trivial things often have.
The little piece of flour bread becomes the
body of Jesus Christ, after the priest has mut
tered a few words over it.
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE