Vincennes, Ind., Sept. 1, 1908.
Editor Jeffersonian: I request
every legal voter in the state of Illi
nois who desires to see the Watson
and Williams electors on the official
ballot in the state of Illinois to send
me his name and postoffice address
IMMEDIATELY.
SAMUEL W, WILLIAMS.
Watson’s Handbook
Contents:
Party Principles.
The Greenback Movement.
Party Platforms.
Vicious Legislation.
Pet Banks and Special Privileges.
The Corporations.
Between the Mill-Stones.
For the Special Benefit of the
Farmers.
Concerning Money.
Socialism.
Catholic Hierarchy and Politics.
The Panic of 1893; the Panic of 1907.
Watered Stock. Franchises.
Subsidizing Railroads.
Squandering Public Lands.
Os this book Mr. Watson says: “In
order that editors, speakers, lecturers,
and voters might have in the conven
ient storehouse of one volume all the
scattered information now contained
in many; and in order that they might
have a brief statement of the line of
argument which we adopt upon all es
sential issues, I have written this book.
I have endeavored to fill it to the brim,
with facts, important facts, undisputed
facts. I have tried to make it an ar
mory from which reformers can draw
every weapon of offense and defense.”
Given as a Premium
For five subscriptions to the Jeffer
sonian Magazine at $1 each; this offer
limited to November 1.
For three subscriptions to the Week
ly Jeffersonian at $1 each.
Price: sl.
\ V. £arff es t Vehicle Catalog ever published in South. Describes and K
@s® prices, greatest variety high-ejas Southern style Runabouts, Buggies, B
i Surreys, Wagons and Harness ever shown. Sent Free, Our plan of selling S
1/ JjWffwS directfrom factory saves agents’and dealers’ prfits of 30 tosoperct. B
B V B That is our proposition. Our vehicles are strictly as B
I XJ xYZIW/ b&f-J \ y M represented. Our Big New Catalog is full of vehicle B
B information. Send for it now. it is FREE.
Emana MALSB*, SHIPP & CO., Dept. F 41S Forsyth. St. Atlanta, Ga. B
■■Mwwißgriwrrwrww---iT-rri'iu.w iMMTi»»iniiiii inn ■ m i iiiiiiiihm.im. m
Premium
For 20 Magazine subscriptions at $1 or 15 Weekly Subscriptions at sl.
ROGERS’ SILVER PLATED CUTLERY
26 Pieces. Ret ail Price sls.
iiiiii I
Ml IlliA 11
| lll«l *
Il 111 ill
I 111 Illi
II ill 111 ill I
I llflll 111 I
I 1 I I i I ■
Six fancy tablespoons Six plain triple-plated table knives.
Six fancy table forks One butter knife, very handsome
Six fancy teaspoons One sugar spoon, beautifully designed
SEE PAGE SEVEN FOR "HOW TO GET UP A CLUB.”
The Life and Speeches of
Thomas E. Watson
Contents:
Tom Watson’s Life, written by Him
self.
Alexander H. Stephens.
Labor Day.
Child Labor.
National Finance.
Tariff System.
National Banking System.
Government Ownership.
Corrupt Legislation.
Jeffersonian Democracy.
These speeches and addresses con
tain the results of years of close study
and research. They cover the politi
cal and economic ground of the last
thirty years. Written and revised by
Mr. Watson himself, they embody the
best of his work.
Given as a Premium
With five years’ subscription to the
Jeffersonian Magazine for $5.
For six subscriptions to the Jeffer
sonian Magazine at $1 each; this offer
limited to November 1.
For four subscriptions to the Weekly
Jeffersonian at $1 each.
Price: $1.50. Handsomely bound in
red cloth.
All About Texas
Oklahoma, Arkansas, Louisiana,
New’ Mexico. Homes for the Homeless.
Prosperity for the industrious. The
home builders’ guide. Send stamp for
sample copy.
FARM AND RANCH, Dallas, Texas.
Read the proposition of Smith’s
Co-operative Agency on another page,
and find out how you can get a share
in an oil well.
W tJifl’ersonlaiF’
This Year Will Make History
For or Against the Farmers
The panic brought on last fall by the combined money interests was but the first
great battle against organized labor, the Farmers’ Union being the chief object of
attack.
If you are a farmer you are vitally interested in this great combat.
The paper which is the recognized champion of the hosts of organized farmers is
lhe National Co-operator and Farm Journal. It has been removed from Dallas to
Ft - '' orth ’ Texas, and is published under the direction of the State Farmers’ Union
of lexas, and is also recognized as the official journal of the organization generally.
The National Co-operator has correspondents in every state where there is an or
ganization of farmers, and if you want to keep posted on the movement and also the
movements ot the opposition, you can not afford to miss an issue.
ttt * xTm^ rlption S I,OO per year ’ but uis worth twenty times the price. AGENTS
W ANTED.
The National Co-Operator, Fort Worth, Texas
Dr. Durham’s Liver Medicine
- i
A purely vegetable medicine-useful in all condi
tions arising from a deranged liver—lndigestion,
Biliousness, Constipation, Dyspepsia, Sick
Headache, etc., made according to the
formula of Dr. Durham.
The Doctor Durhams for three generations have been the leading physicians of
Georgia in the matter of vegetable medicinal preparations. This remedy is, there
fore, the result of the continuous and best study of three generations of the same
family.
Its action is thorough, but w’ithout gripes, pains, sickness, or weakness, and is
wholly free from those objections so common to many of tue simply laxative
remedies—acting not only as a laxative, but actually upon the liver. A trial will
thoroughly convince one of its efficiency in all liver troubles.
Here Is w’hat the Hon. Thos. E. Watson, of Georgia, says of this remedy:
i “Thomson, Georgia, March 4, 1908.
“This is to certify that I was formerly a great sufferer from sluggish actions
of liver. I was completely cured by Dr. Durham’s Liver Regulator, and do not
now have to use any kind of liver medicine.”
Retail price: 25c a package in tins, 16 doses. At all drug stores, or by the
Augusta Drug Co., Augusta, Ga. Guaranteed under the Pure Food and Drug Act
of June 30, 1906.
$2.50. Limited to Oct. Ist.
From now until October Ist, we offer the following remarkable combinations:
Pictorial Review, 15c a copy SI.BO per year
Modern Priscilla, 10c a copy 1.20 per year
Ladies’ World, 5c a copy 60 per year
Jeffersonian Magazine 1.50 per year
Weekly Jeffersonian 1.00 per year
Pictoral Review Pattern 15
Total value $6.25
Altogether for 82.50
Modern Priscilla is the recognized leading fancy work magazine of America.
The Pictorial Review is an up-to-date fashion publication. Its fiction is clever and
interesting, and it has practical lessons in home dressmaking, millinery, house-keep
ing, and household finance, sanitation, etc., and is well illustrated. * The Ladles’
World is one of the foremost ladies’ household magazines. It gives more for the
money than any publication in its class.
You all know the Jeffersonians.
The dress pattern will be supplied free by the Pictorial Review at any time
within 60 days after you receive your first copy.
The Jeffersonians, Thomson, Ga.
One Dollar
Watson’s Jeffersonian Magazine
This is the magazine of the twentieth Century. It carries
short stories, poems, historical articles and special contri
butions on governmental questions. Mr. Watson writes
about 25 pages per month.
ONLY ONE DOLLAR YEARLY
Limited to November Ist.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, - - Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN