For a sensible revision of the tariff, not by
its friends or its enemies, but as a business
proposition only.
For an adequate navy as the best means
of averting war.
For the initiative and referendum, which
takes the power out of the bosses and puts
it in the hands of the people —the people that
Jefferson trusted.
For the rights of labor that they may be
protected in life, liberty and property and
enjoy the wealth their labor creates.
For an income and inheritance tax.
The People’s Party is opposed to gambling
in futures or anything else.
We are opposed to government' by injunc
tion in place of government by law.
We are opposed to land monopoly.
We are opposed to all trusts. They are an
evil in everv shape. Yours truly,
R. B. CARL LEE.
Memphis, Tenn., July 24, 1908.
Watson’s Jeffersonian.
Dear Sirs: While I don’t exactly agree
with Mr. Watson in his running for President
upon a third party ticket, I believe in fair
play. If big-hearted Tiros. Watson is guilty
of wrong doing in leaving the Democratic par
ty when he believes it has departed from
Democratic principles, how much more sub
ject to censure are those who forced him out?
Watson stood by Bryan when he needed
friends. Some of these newspapers who are
rivaling each other to lay tribute at the
feet of Bryan sold out in 1896. So far I be
lieve I will have to be for Bryan, although per
sonally I consider Mr. Watson one of the
grandest characters in the United States.
And his speeches that I read in the papers
along with the books written by him that 1
inst finished, have almost placed me in the at-
Spectacles
GIVEN 'AWAY z®.
i| I WM^J J
“I | SEND ONE PENNY.
>l| i > ‘” Just write me your name and I
|B address and I will mail you at once Ts
IB 'IH ni y Dree Home Eye Tester and full par-
fcl > ; ticulars how to obtain a pair of my handsome ten karat
?JBW Spectacles without one cent of cost.
You see » J want to P rove to every spectacle-wearer on earth ]
that the Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision Spectacles are really
IEHEm truly ever so much better than any you have ever worn before
=WEBW — and 1 anl going to give away at least one hundred-thousand pairs
the Dr. Haux famous Perfect Vision ten karat ROUfL«°U> Spectacles
-■■l * n th° next few weeks, in order to introduce my wonderful glasses
iMBto the largest number of spectacle-wearers in the shortest i
s!|WHMb possible time.
Write today for my Free Home Eye Tester and ten karat
3 Spectacle Offer. Address:—
HAUX SPECTACLE CO., Block 318 St. Louis, Mo.
lALSO1 ALSO WANT A DEW agents
I®/ And any person not earning at least SSO weekly should ask for my
W/ Special Agents Terms at once.
fcwv-ThA-XfxS^' lr l-argp.a£ AIAII Order Spectacle House In the VdTld and perfectly telifttlS
THE JEFFERSONIAN.
titude of “Almost thou persuades! me.” I
am like him in this: 1 am a Democrat. But
a Southerner first and a Democrat next. I
hope Mr. Watson is mistaken in what he says
about Bryan and the Democratic party, cater
ing to the negro. While there are other rea
sons for my being a Democrat, the chief one
is that it has heretofore been the “white
man’s party.” Palsied be the tongue that
would terrorize with Anglo-Saxon supremacy.
1 can’t believe that the party will do this.
However, I wish you and your magazine all
the success possible. I admire yours and Mr.
Watson’s principles.
Respectfully,
GEO. T. WALLACE.
544 Randolph Bldg.
, . - il
MEETING OF THE POPULIST NATIONAL
COMMITTEE.
The members of the People’s Party National
Committee are requested to be present at a.
meeting of the full National Committee at St.
Louis Saturday, August 15, 1908, at 10 a. m.
National headquarters will be opened at the
St. James Hotel on that date for the purpose
of carrying on an active and aggressive cam
paign in the interest of our candidates, Wat
son and Williams, and the cause of Populism.
It is important that every member of the
committee should be present to take up the
details of the national campaign and the
work to be carried on in the different states.
JAMES H. FERRISS,
Chairman.
Joliet, Illinois, July 30, 1908.
“Be sure you’re right; then go ahead.’’
The Democrat Party is on its last legs in
Georgia, for the reason that “Tom Watson”
is redeeming Democracy (Populism) in that
state. —The Patriarch.
Are You
Sick?
Much sickness is due to
a weak nervous system.
Yours may be. If it is,
you cannot get well until
you restore nerve strength
Your nervous system is
nature’s power house; the
organs of your body get
their power from it. If
the power is not there, the
action of the organs is
weak, and disease (sick
ness) follows. Dr. Miles’
Nervine cures the sick
because it soothes the
irritated and tired nerves
and gives the system a
chance to recuperate.
Try it, and see if you do
not quickly feel its bene
ficial effect.
"I was given up to die by a lead
ing doctor. Got one of Dr. Miles
books and found that Dr. Miles’ Ner
vine fit my case. From the very first
dose I took I got better. I am better
ntvw than I have been for years, and
de all my own work on the farm.
That’s what Dr. Miles’ Nervine has
done for me, and I am glad to recom
mend it to ethers.”
JOHN JAMES, Riverton, Nebr.
Your druggist sells Dr. Miles’ Nerv
ine, and we authorize him to return
price of first bottle (only) if it fails
to benefit you.
Miles Medical Co,, Elkhart, Ind
4 A POST CAROS CDEF
JLV A ltd Your Marne A JialLJLji
Tn our Post Card Exchange, if you send tan
cents for three months’ subscription to The
Rural Georgian, The Great Department Month
ly. You will be pleased. THE RURAL GEOR
GIAN, Gainesville, Ga.
Silver Quarter
First: Get a quarter.
Second: Write your name and address plain
ly on a piece of paper.
Third: Wrap the quarter in the paper.
Fourth: Throw it in an envelope.
Fifth: Seal the envelope, address it and mail
it to
THE JEFFERSONIANS, THOMSON, GA.
Sixth: We will send you th® Weekly Jeffer
sonian for four months.
FOUND!
On® of the best Commission Houses for you
to ship your Peaches, Pears, Watermelons,
Lopes, and everything in this line to. Write
them today. They are
HEWITT & COMPANY.
10 East Camden St. Baltimore, Md.
PAGE ELEVEN