PAGE EIGHT
d)e Jeffersonian
PUBLISHED BY
THOS. E. WATSON &J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Postoffice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
ATLANTA, GA., SEPTEMBERS, 1908
The Lalvrencebtlle Meeting.
In ample time to arrive in Lawrenceville on
the 25th, Mr. Watson left home and traveled
as far as Athens. There he was stopped by
the suspension of traffic over the Seaboard Air
Line. Although this corporation had an un
obstructed track from Athens to Atlanta, it
refused to run a train, or even an engine to
Lawrenceville, or to Atlanta. Scores of busi
ness men were inconvenienced and injured'by
this pig-headed obstinacy of the railroad, but
what did it care for that? The railroad is pri
vate property, you know —not a public affair at
all. Such delays and damages as we suffered
last week is what we fools get as a return
for our folly in voting away our public roads,
to private money-grabbers.
After having been hung up in Athens for
twenty-four hours, the Jeffersonian set out
to Lula, buying a ticket upon the positive as
surance that at Lula close connection would
be made for Atlanta.
The close connection proved to have a quali
fying clause that gave us a rest of 'six hours
at Lula. Yes, we did finally reach Atlanta,
but the people who had assembled at Law
renceville, to the number of several thousand,
had their day spoiled and their trip to town
wasted because of the fact that the railroad
refused to charter an engine to take the speaker
forty miles over a clear track from Athens to
Lawrenceville.
Patience, friends. We will try it again.
Lawrenceville shall have another date, of
which you will have due notice.
*?,
Hoke Smith ’s Perfidy.
By deceiving Pope Brown, the Hon. Hoke
got that gentleman out of the race for Governor
in 1906, and got himself into it.
Up to that time we did not know that Hon.
Hoke was a reformer. Never had heard of
him in that role. We did not know of him as
an advocate of negro disfranchisement. He
had made such a gushing plea for higher edu
cation of the negro, before the Ogden party,
and had chipped in SSOO so generously, that
we would have guessed him to be a Booker
W ashingtonite.
Yet he bobbed up serenely in 1905, after all
the knowing ones began to see the strength
of the combination in favor of disfranchise
ment, and he horned Pope off the range.
Ardently in favor of disfranchising the ne
gro —to the amazement and disgust of “Bishop”
Henry Turner, who had endorsed Hoke for a
Cabinet position, and had thus lifted his sons
and sons-in-law on the government pay-roll —
the Hon. Hoke stumped our dear old state in
a very laborious manner, indeed. Who can
ever forget Hoke as a stump speaker? Did
not the welkin ring? Did not his humorous
anecdotes pass before us with the stately deco
rum of a funeral procession? Did not his fiery
eloquence sweep all before dt?
It surely did. At least Hoke thought so. It
never entered his head that he owed his suc
cess over Clark, Dick and Jim to the strength
ISfye Jeffersonian
bf the combination which had been formed to
back Pope Thrown. He. could not be made to
understand that the victory of 1906 was not a
Hoke Smith triumph, but was a demonstration
of the popularity of the disfranchisement is
sue and the reform principles embodied in the
original Pope Brown platform.
To this misconception of the facts Hoke
owes his subsequent rude awakening, on the
night of June 4th, 1908.
But to prove that the Hon. Hoke does not
understand the plain, common people of Geor
gia, we have only to contemplate his perfidious
conduct toward the disfranchisement measure
to which he owed his election.
As agreed on by Smith, Hardwick and Wat
son, the legislature passed the proposed law
amending the constitution, and by its terms the
negroes were to be disfranchised as soon as the
law was approved by the people at the October
election. That act of the legislature was passed
last year. So matters stood until Hoke got
knocked out, on June 4th of this year, and Wat
son entered the field as contestant for the
electoral vote of Georgia.
Then Hoke began to do about and think of
things. It suddenly flashed upon his able mind
that he was not quite so bitterly in favor of
disfranchisement as he had been while a can
didate in 1906. The negro vote might be
needed to keep the misguided white men of
Georgia from giving the electoral vote to a
native Georgian. The whites must not be
permitted to do this. Rather than see such a
catastrophe Ipefall his adopted state, our half-
Yankee Governor bethought him of a shrewd
maneuver. He would slip through the legis
lature of 1908 an act amending the law as
passed in 1907. Instead of putting the colored *
brother out of politics in October of this year,
AS HAD BEEN AGREED, he must be given
further time, and must be allowed a chance to
vote for our Illinois hero, Bryan, in the Novem
ber election. Not that Hoke cares a fig for
Bryan, but that he wants to use the*negro, as
Livingston said, “to beat Watson and the Pop
ulists.’’ For that reason, and no other, Floke
thought up that point about there not being
time to fix the new lists of registered voters
for the November election.
Hoke modestly admits that no one else saw
any trouble with the law as it was passed in
1907. Nobody saw the trouble for the reason
that there wasn’t any!
The law was all right. There would have
been ample time, after the October election, for
the preparation of the, new book for November
■election.
The board of registrars are not legally en
titled to but ten days to make up the lists, and
the man who contends that they would not
have had the ten days allowed by law, between
the October election and the November elec
tion, is wilfully deceiving himself and others.
The invariable custom is that the precinct
superintendents meet at the county site on the
day after the election, consolidate the returns,
and mail the necessary papers to Atlanta. On
the second day after the October election,
every return should be in the State-house.
Surely, one day would suffice for the opening
of packages and the tabulation of the figures.
But if you allow two days for this clerical
work, or even three, you would still have left
more than ten days which the law gives to the
registrars for the making of the lists, before the
closing of the books ten days prior to the
election.
Everybody knew this to be so, LAST
'YEAR.
Nobody thought otherwise, until this year.
And this year it was HOKE, AND NOBODY
ELSE, who made the glorious discovery that
he could ESCAPE FROM HIS BARGAIN
WITH WATSON AND THE POPS.
No blacker piece of political perfidy can be
named.
Honest Democrats, who believe that faith
with allies should be kept, as well as Populists'
who have been deceived and betrayed, will
remember this Hoke Smith trick. White voters
of Georgia! Study well the true?significance of
what Hoke has done.
You are not to be allowed to compliment a
fellow Georgian with the electoral vote of our
state, even if you wish to do so.
HOKE HAS INVITED THE NEGROES
BACK TO THE POLLS TO KEEP THE
WHITES FROM CONTROLLING THE
ELECTION.
How do you like it?
Don’t you think that Hoke might have left
the matter with the whites?
Is it no insult to you, when he CHANGES
THE LAW, so as to make the negroes the bal
ance of power in the November election?
k n
The People Pule —Do They?
One of the fat twins running for the presi
dency says that the people should rule. The
other says that they do.
As a matter of fact, both of these fat smilers
know that the people do not ride, and neither
of the two want the people to rule. Both of
these bulbous candidates favor corporation
rule, money-rule, newspaper rule, Catholic- <
Church rule, saloon-keeper rule, party-caucus
rule —for the simple reason that any man who
opposes that kind of rule can not hope to be
President. As things are now arranged, the
man does not live who could reach the White
House without pass-ports signed by the inter
ests named, and no one is better advised of the
fact than the two fat politicians who are put
ting up their sham fight.
Taft has done his level best to please the
Catholics, and so has Bryan. Taft is claim
ing the right to be recognized as Roosevelt’s
heir, and so is Bryan. Not a blessed thing
has Roosevelt done to remove the, source of
our national troubles; and both Taft and
Bryan want the benefit of that fact WITH
THE INTERESTS WHICH DO RULE.
Every monopoly has been left in undisturbed
possession of its vested right to pillage. Every
law-breaking corporation is still in business
breaking laws. Every vampire that was suck
ing the life-blood of the body-politic when
Roosevelt succeeded McKinley is hanging on,
gorged though it is. Every ungodly advant
age given by Congress to one class over others
is still in force. Not a single material change
for the better has been effected anywhere.
Under Roosevelt, national extravagance has
reached high-water mark. Under Roosevelt
the Tobacco Trust has maddened its victims
until the torch and the rifle have brought a
reign of terror over some of the fairest regions
of the republic. Under Roosevelt, the Steel
Trust has committed enormities which no free
people should have endured; and the Presi
dent himself sanctioned, in advance, its unlaw
ful absorption of a rival corporation—The Ten
nessee Coal & Iron Company —at $17,000,000,
when it was worth $31,000,000. Under Roose
velt the concentration of railroad power in
the hands of half-a-dozen men has gone on
with gigantic strides.
As Bryan has become a reactionary, so has
Roosevelt. Bryan dropped government owner
ship, and Roosevelt dropped the inheritance
tax. Bryan now contents himself by denounc
ing the trust which controls more than a cer
tain per cent of the output, so Roosevelt con
tents himself with saying what ought to be
clone to “the big man” who violates the law.
Neither Bryan, Roosevelt nor Taft speaks
of doing a thing to the system, which breeds
the deviltry.
The whole bunch, 8., R., and T., propose to
erect small filtering machines in the great riv
ers of legislative wrong, instead of going up
to the fountain heads of the stream and taking
out the source of the trouble.
The people rule?
can they, when the initiative, energy,
rgspurces and unity of purpose of the corpora
tions are, so immensely vaster?
, • '• *