Please’tell us how the Government can con
trol something that it does not own.
Such a thing is impossible.
w n h
Judge Lalvson ’s Letter.
The four-column letter which appeared in
this paper, last week, over the signature of
Thos. G. Law>on, was in manuscript, not type
written, and it reached us so late that it was
hurried to the Atlanta office, for fear it would
be too late for that issue,—hence we did not
read it until the paper came out.
Knowing the high character and great ability
of Judge Lawson, we fully expected him to so
stnpngly present his side of the George Bell
case as to relieve it from odium.
Imagine then, our astonishment at finding
that the eminent citizen and jurist does not
touch the vital point, at all.
Those who represent Bell in the effort to
regain his liberty, had declared that he had
not been legally committed, IN THE FIRST
INSTANCE.
Messrs. McNeill and Lilburn had charged
that the ten days’ notice required by law to
Bell’s relatives had not been given, and that
Bell himself was not before the jury and there
fore not examined by them.
The whole case pivots there. Unless the
notice was given, and unless the jury had Bell
before them for examination, the law of the
land was violated, flagrantly, when this citi
zen of Georgia was sent to the mad-house.
In vain do we scan Judge Lawson’s long
letter for any word of denial on that controlling
fact in the case.
The Judge fills nearly two columns with ex
planations and denials, concerning the Baldwin
County jury, which passed on Bell’s case after
he had been sent to Milledgeville, but there
isn’t a word about that Emanuel County jury
which committed him to the asylum, in his ab
sence.
Ah, Judge—don't we know how presump
tions shift places? Before Bell’s commitment,
as an insane man, the presumption was that
he was sane. But after he had been sent to
£
the sanitarium, under legal forms, the presump
tion was that he was insane. Hence, the tre
mendous importance of the facts alleged
against his first commitment.
The Judge says that Bell’s father and broth
ers have not questioned the propriety of his in
carceration. Patience, Judge: this morning’s
papers (Feb. 18) inform us that this point is
lost to you: the father and the brother are join
ing hands with that “woman hailing from
somewhere north of Mason and Dixon’s line.”
Since when have we men of the South begun
to narrow our conception of humanity by sec
tional limits, refusing to believe that a sjster
of Mercy may “hail from somewhere north of
Mason’s and Dixon’s line?’’
Very noble and unselfish, it seems to us, is
the effort being made by Mrs. Blanche Burton
to rescue this inmate of the asylum who has
been held in prison for several years. Who
cares that she is an actress? What does it
matter if she was born in some other section?
The only question is: Was George Bell law
fully committed to mad-house, and should he
be kept in confinement for the reason that he
is insane, within the meaning of the statutes.
Judge Lawson cites, as an evidence of Bell’s
madness, his belief that he can hold conversa
tions with persons not present.
Under sucha strange rule as that, W. T.
Stead, the world-famous journalist of London,
would have to go to the asylum, instanter. Mr.
Stead not only believes in telepathy but asserts
that he holds conversations and. correspond
ence with folks who are dead and who commu
nicate with him from the other world. Yet,
Mr. Stead is Editor of the English “Review of
Reviews,” and is the personal friend of more
kings than Judge Lawson and the Jeffersonian
will ever get the chance tQ look at,
Jeffersonian
The holding of harmless delusions is by no
means incompatible with general sanity.
Did not the golden hearted Dickens bend
his genius to the task of demonstrating that
very thing? The “Mr. Dick” of David Cop
perfield had more wheels in his head than are
imputed to George Bell by Judge Lawson, —
yet who would not be shocked at the thought
of life-long imprisonment for such docile de
lusionists as “Mr. Dick?”
Our law-makers adopted this view, and it is
embodied in our Code.
M It *.
Holv the Central Cut Expenses.
During the panic year, 1908, the Central of
Georgia Railroad, in common with all indi
viduals and corporations, felt that expenses
must be reduced..
Consequently, it practiced “rigid economy”
to the .extent of SBOB,OOO.
Where were the reductions made? To whom
was the knife put?
There was Major J. F. Hanson, dummy
President of the road, who holds but can’t sell
one share of its stock, and whose yearly salary
is $30,000. Here was a nice place for economy.
Everybody knows that Maj. Hanson is not a
practical railroad man, but is by trade and life
long occupation a cotton spinner. Everybody
who is acquainted with his habits knows that
he is a good deal of a “society man,” with a
tenderness for Horse-shows and European hol
iday meanderings. Consequently, while the
cutting down of expenses was going on last
year, it would have been an appropriate occa
sion to put that monstrous salary of Major
Hanson on the chopping block.
But no; oh, no! The higher up a big piece
of graft and grab is, the harder it is to dislodge.
The storm of rigid economy blew over, and
the Major’s preposterous salary remained as
much of a cat-fish as ever. No shrinking there.
Next we come to the lawyers. The Central
has some mighty high-priced lawyers. It has
a set in Savannah, a set in Macon and a set in
Atlanta. They are paid tremendous salaries.
- aey earn them in the same way that Major
Hanson earns his.
Was the knife of economy put to the huge
sums annually paid to these lawvers?
No. Oh, no! Instead of lessening the ex
penses of this luxurious department, it is our
understanding that Major Hanson created an
other position in the service, in order that Hon.
John L. Little, of Atlanta, might be snugly
berthed.
Well, then, —where did the management put
the knife?
i o the little fellows, of course. The burden
fell on the weak, as usual.
In order that Major Hanson and the lawyers
of the three cities might keep their sugar-teats,
more than one thousand men, —just common
employes, —were thrown out of work.
When a thousand poor men lose their jobs,
in a year like 1908, it means that a thousand
families are brought to distress. Allowing an
average of five to a family, five thousand peo
ple, of the common sort, suffered from the rigid
economy of the Central, and suffered unneces
sarily.
For, mark you, the gross earnings of the road
fell off less than five hundred dollars in 1908,
and if there had been no mountain of rascally
over-capitalization to carry, the road would
have earned a magnificent profit. Upon actual
value, and upon actual investment, it made
large profits and would have made them with
out the discharge of a single man.
Major Hanson’s bosses are running the Cen
tral for the purpose of getting dividends on
stock and bonds that represent nothing but
pen, ink, paper and Wall street rapacity.
Major Hanson and the lawyers co-operate
with the New York bosses in carrying out their
purpose. Therefore, Hanson and .the lawyers
“stay put.”
Likewise, those salaries.
The thousand underlings who were fired
have no pull anywhere, and can be replaced at
any time. So, out they went.
Fine object lesson, isn’t it?
n n n
As To Re el foot Lake.
We give space to a very interesting letter
which refers to an editorial of some weeks ago:
England, Ark., Feb,. 16, 1909.
I enclose $2.00 renewal for Magazine and
Weekly.
I am informed that the U. S. government
issued land warrants to all the sufferers of
the earthquake of 181 1, that formed so many of
the lakes in Tennessee, Arkansas and Missouri.
In fact, the rectors tried to locate Hot Springs
in this state by sunk land warrants and lawed
the government many years over it.
Reelfoot Lake being U. S. water the action
of Tennessee Legislature is invalid.
A recent ruling of the U. S. land office in
volving the ownership of lakes in Arkansas as
serts the title is in the U. S., and that the lakes
as a whole or in part are not private property,
but belong to the people. This ruling came up
from an injunction from some of our courts,
on appeal to the U. S. land authorities at Wash
ington not over three months ago.
I am going to Mexico in a week or so, and
may “drop you a few lines” from there.
Yours truly, R. B. Carl Lee.
Ed. Note: Ordinarily, a deep-water lake, in
accessible to navigation from another state, be
longs to the state in which located.
As Reelfoot lake was formed by an earth
quake which submerged the land owned by
private citizens, and the U. S. Government
compensated the losers with land warrants, the
equity of the U. S. Government in the Lake is
apparent.
What the courts would hold as to the title,
the Lord, only, knows.
n 1? «
You Can ’t Lose Rooker.
It would have been a strange thing, indeed,
if Doctor Booker Washington had not ridden
serenely to the front during the Lincoln cen
tenary. On this troubled continent of ours
there are only two advertisers who can beat
Booker at running the advertising department.
One of these is our dearly beloved friend, W.
J. 8., and the other, of course, is Hearst.
Roosevelt is a good one himself, but he can’t
do more than hold a candle to the other three.
Doctor Booker Washington’s specialty is the
tapping of dropsical plutocrats. Most of these,
as Judge Lawson would say, “hail from some
where North of Mason’s and Dixon’s line.”
Why this is so, we will not now stop to ex
plain, but it is so.
Consequently, Booker’s practice, as a tapper
of plutes, is confined chiefly to swollen Yan
kees. The artistic style in which the learned
Doctor can apply the surgical instruments to a
dropsical millionaire, and draw off golden
streams into Tuskeegee, has long been the sub
ject of admiring comment.
The Lincoln centenary afforded Booker the
best chance h.e has had in many a t day.
First of all, therefore, he came out in card
suggesting, with unusual and most engaging
modesty, that now, while the whole nation was
turning its thoughts to Lincoln, it would be a
good time to turn rivulets of ducats in the di
rection of Tuskeegee. It was much the same
as though Booker had said, “Remember Lin
coln, but don’t forget ME.”
T hat was real modest, wasn’t it ?
Then, to clinch matters, the learned Doctor
went North to put himself in evidence, and
to make a speech.
As the newspapers last year used to say
about the old man, the speech of Booker “was
along the usual lines.”
Doctor Washington drew a touching picture
of himself as a little pickaninny, gathering from
(Continued on Page Twelve.)
PAGE NINE