PAGE EIGHT
Ol)e Jeffersonian
BY
THOS. E. WATSON & J. D. WATSON
Editors and Proprietors
TEMPLE COURT BUILDING, ATLANTA, GA.
SUBSCRIPTION PRICE, SI.OO PER YEAR
Advertising Rates Furnished on Application
Entered at Pestofice, Atlanta, Ga., January 11, 1907, as second class mail matter
Atlanta, Ga. i< Sept. 9, 1909
REMITTANCES must be made in meney orders
•r exchange. Local checks cannot be accepted, unless
ten cents is added for exchange.
To Our Agents and Friends
To be respected, one must respect himself:
the people among whom we live finally accept
us at about the valuation we place upon our
selves.
The price of each of the Jeffersonians is
one dollar a year. Neither should ever be of
fered for less. They are well worth the
money. We have made them so, and we mean
to keep them up to standard.
Those agents and friends who “give their
commissions” to secure a subscriber, mean well
and we appreciate it, —but they hurt us.
In the first place, it discourages regular
agents who are working-for commissions.
In the second place, it gives people a poor
opinion of the paper and magazine.
In the third place, it is unjust to the man
who pays full price.
You mean well, dear friends, when you try
to increase our circulation by giving your
commission to the subscriber and letting him
have the paper or magazine at 50 cents, but
in the end the effect is injurious. Please
quit it.
® ®] g]
“Hang Thetn ”, Said Rutledge
Our friend J. R. Norman, of Albia, lowa,
sends us a marked copy of the Monroe Coun
ty (Iowa) News.
One of the items which he wished us to see
is an account of how Judge Scott, of “the
municipal court” of Monroe, sent a laboring
man to jail because he refused to pay a debt.
The American Trust and Savings Bank
sued Austin P. Mclnnery, a plumber, in
Judge Scott’s court, and recovered a judg
ment for SSO. This amount the defendant de
clined to pay because, as he declared, he did
not owe it. Whereupon, the Judge held that
the plumber was in “contempt of court”, and
sent him to jail. He is in the jug at this
writing, and will remain there six months,
unless he knuckles to the Trust and pays
the SSO.
In the meantime, the Sugar Trust thieves
are going about their affairs as usual, never
having been so much as arrested and put un
der bond; and the whole country is anxiously
concerned for the health of E. H. Harriman,
one of the grandest rascals that the world
ever saw.
The other marked item in the News is a
brief card which we reproduce:
“That Grand Congress.
“Now that Congress has adjourned, our great
Congressmen and Senators will tell us of the
grand work that they have done for their con
stituents. But they all, or most of them, should
hide their faces or keep out of public view, while
they count the money they have robbed the pub
lic of as misrepresentatives and tools of the trusts
and combines. Shame on a people who can be
deluded by such unscrupulous pups.
“J. R. NORMAN/’
This is strong language but the facts jus
tify it. There never was a more disgraceful
surrender of the people’s rights than was
3effers©nian
made in the Payne-Aldrich bill. The Wilson-
Gorman infamy was as bad, but not worse.
But what’s the use of saying anything?
The people don’t seem to mind it. We can
lynch a nigger, now and then, but we haven’t
the energy to deal with officials who betray
us.
John Rutledge, of South Carolina, was
urging the patriots, in 1776, to give plenary
powers to the delegates to the Continental
Congress.
“But suppose they do abuse this unlimited
authority, what will we do?”—he was asked.
“Hang them!” answered Rutledge.
The delegates went uninstructed, and they
did their duty. They dared not go back to
South Carolina with a record which patriot
ism could not approve.
If a majority of our Congressmen belonged
to an army, and had acted as they did at the
extra session, they would be courtmartialed
and shot as traitors.
The Eminent Domain Bill
(1) What is the meaning of Eminent Do
main?
When the State exercises the sovereign pre
rogative of taking private property for public
purposes, it is said to exercise the right of
Eminent Domain. That is, the State, which
was the original owner and source of title,
takes back what she granted, asserting for the
public a right which overrides the title and
the rights of the individual.
Thus, the city condemns private property
for streets: the county does the same thing for
public roads. In like manner, private houses
may be destroyed to prevent the spread of
fire, etc.
You can see at once what a tremendous
power this is, and how great is the danger of
its being abused.
(2) Railroad corporations have never rel
ished the idea of having to acquire realty as
you and I and plain John Smith have to do.
They dearly love the “hold up”, when they are
using it on the town, the city, the industry, or
the individual, but they bitterly oppose the
mere suggestion that they take a little of their
own medicine.
How heartless is the arrogance with which
they have treated the melon raiser, the fruit
grower, the small shipper generally!
How insolent have been the Milton Smiths
who, when summoned before a Tennessee R.
R. Commission, would send the contemptuous
answer, “If the Commission has any business
with me, it knows where my office is.”
How ruthless they have been in their reor
ganization schemes, —beggaring the original
stockholders, and putting some thirty-thou
sand-dollar man, like Hanson of the Central,
to keep things quiet while the merciless ex
ploitation of the people went on!
How reckless of human life they have been,
in replacing white men with the inferior ne
gro, as Messrs. Scott and Brand of the Geor
gia Railroad did, —and then trying to have
Yankee soldiers sent down here to fight for the
negroes!
How quick of trigger they have been to
drag the State into the inferior Federal
courts, where she ought never to qo, AND
HAVE HER FORBIDDEN TO ENFORCE
HER LAWS.
Right now, the State of Georgia is shackled
by one of these Federal Court orders. The
Railroad Commission decided that a ten per
cent, reduction of freight rates would be equi
table and just; the corporations were ordered
to change their rates accordingly: instead of
obeying the law, as the rest of us have to do,
these Wall Street corporations dragged the
State into a lower Federal Court, and the
Judge thereof nullified the law of the Com
mission, thus bringing the State into a state of
paralysis and humiliation.
(3) Bearing these notorious facts in mind,
are you not astounded to learn that the dis-
tinguished railroad lawyer, Judge John' I.
Hall of Macon, could get Senator Rutherford
of the 22nd, to introduce into the Legislature
a bill which not only reinvests every corpora
tion of this State with its original power to
snatch private property for private use, but
enormously extends that tremendously dan
gerous prerogative?
Is it not almost incredible that such a meas
ure should slip through the Senate without
attracting the attention of the Atlanta dailies?
And should pass without any considerable de
bate? And should receive the vote of nearly
every Senator? And should come “mighty
nigh” slipping through the House?
It IS almost incredible.
(4) Why should the State, in any case, en
act an Omnibus law like that?
If the Georgia Railroad needs more land
between Augusta and Atlanta, or within eith
er city, let the Georgia Railroad come up, and
make out its own case. If the people are alive
to their interests, they will never grant to the
Georgia Railroad any additional favor or
power, until that corporation (owned and con
trolled by the North!) surrenders that exemp
tion from taxation which our forefathers too
generously granted. A renewal of its exhaust
ed power to condemn private property would
be worth a million dollars to that road: —why
donate it to a corporation which has proven
in so many ways that its policy is keyed to
the Wall Street motto of “the public be
damned”?
So with the Central: if it wants “MORE”,
let it make out its own case. So with the
Georgia Southern and Florida Railroad: if it
needs something that it has not already
snatched, let it come up and tell us about it.
Let every tub stand on its own bottom.
(5) These Omnibus bills are too dog-gone
dangerous. You never can tell what sort of
passengers will get in, or where they will go.
What an innocent look that “spur track”
feature wears, in the Eminent Domain bill!
“Spur track!” What does that mean, be
loved ?
Why, some fellow has got a big saw mill a
few miles off the railroad, and he doesn’t want
to come to the owners of the land that lies be
tween him and th? railroad, and give the own
ers their price for the right of way for a
“tram”. He sees the big corporations con
demning property for dam sites, and pond
areas, and railroad rights-of-way,—and his
mouth waters for some of that same.
So with the fellow who owns a big orchard,
a tobacco farm, or brick-making establish*
ment, or flouring mill.
They want to get private property for pri
vate profits, and under this Rutherford bill
they can do it!
(6) Do you want any such Omnibus law
as that on the statute books ?
If the Eminent Domain bill passes the
House, and should receive executive approval,
no man could ever hereafter build a home and
lay out his farm, with any assurance that
some other man would not virtually ruin both
home and farm, by splitting it open with a
right-of-way to the railroad.
Under that Rutherford bill, any pleasure
resort, any summer hotel, could use, for the
private profit of the proprietors of those
places, the State’s sovereign prerogative of
condemning property for the public benefit.
They could split your farm, your meadow,
your orchard, your garden, your cemetery —
ANYTHING!— in their greedy rush to get
what THEY want.
See how Miss Martha Berry’s life-work,
near Rome, is threatened with ruin, because
of the Legislature’s recklessness in granting
to corporations the power to condemn peo
ple’s property!
(P. S.—Lose no time in seeing your county
Representative in the Legislature. If he re
fuses to pledge himself to vote against the
Rutherford bill, begin to agitate for public
meeting to put instructions on him. Ask
your Hoke Smith neighbor to write to At-