dustrial schools in, Korea and Ghiiia -and-
Japan and Indian, you are sowing, with an
open-mouthed-sack, the baleful seeds-of dis-'
trust, of dissatisfaction,-of silent resentment
among your American congregations. * '
Our people are not saying muclr, as yet, but
you had better put your ears to the ground.
. By your un-Christian and unnatural neg
lect of your own national household, you'are
losing, more in this country than you can ever
gain in heathendom.
. ... ... ® ® ®
Again, Grosscup
A stanch old stand-by and servitor of the
corporations, is Federal Judge Grosscup.
The Chicago street railway companies could
never have held their ground against reform
and common honesty, had it not been-for
Federal Judge Peter Grosscup.
Standard Oil might have had to pay that
$29,000,000 fine for innumerable violations of
law, had not Federal Judge Grosscup falsi
fied the record and reversed Judge Landis., -
But a’ mightier-service he has now rendered
his corporation -favorite. He has knocked up
the Missouri rate statute, and virtually ripped
the entrails out of the Interstate Commerce
Commission. .
Go it, railroads ! Clap on all the charges
that the traffic will bear, and run up your
earnings to such a height that you'll have to
water all the stocks and double all the bond
issues, so as to make the dividends seem small.
Give Our People Some of This
- iVoMAVide Missions, published in New
.York, is one of the religious papers -which
savagely abused Watson about his exposures
of modern mission methods. . ..
In its September number, Ave find, on page
11, an account of mission methods in Den
mark, a country that has had Christ preached
to it for many centuries. The pastor of St.
Mark's Methodist Church converted the base
ment of his church into a reading room, a
lodging house, and a dispensary. Since Jan
uary 1, 1909, this good-hearted missionary has
lodged 2,000 men, has given away 500 articles
of clothing, and served 17,000 free meals to
the hungry. _
Have we no homeless human: estrays, and
outcasts in oip] own L,. Have we no un
fortunates who need victuals and clothes?.
Has any-pastor in Atlanta, Boston, Philadel
phia, Chicago or Pittsburg turned the base
ment of his church into a relief-station for
the poor?
Lazarus lies at the gate of the rich Phari
sees of America, and instead of relieving his
distress, we send our money to feed and clothe
the destitute of the .Old-World! ......
Is there a single free hospital for the poor,
anywhere between Atlanta and Birmingham,
between New Orleans and St. Louis, between
New York and Boston?
Hifve Christians established dispensaries,,
free boarding schools, free lodging houses,
free doctors to travel about among the dis
eased poor of our..land, bestowing the best
medical and surgical treatment- upon those
who are perishing for lack of it ?
. No. Ah, .the pity of it. We give all that
to the heathen, .to the afflicted, in the West
Indies, to. the. sufferers in .Mexico and South
America. % .
Could anything be more unnatural?
A Gold Standard Lunatic
A person who signs himself Geo. W. Dp
Cunha, and who writes from Upper Mont
clair.- New Jersey 9 has-published in the New
York Globe the most singular defense of gold
currency that ever came to our notice,
We-give a_ brief, extract:. . • ...
“All ■fra<Krl£ barrier. is the most conveni-
3eff<irsonlan
ent form of carrying oh tratle (or barter! be-*
tween man and man. For proof, the Government
or the banks will exchange a one dollar bill, if of
present size or smaller (which bill has no in
trinsic value) or a one dollar gold piece; but
neither the Government nor the banks will ex
change a one dollar bilF for a gold piece, stamp
or no stamp upon its face that it is a dollar. It
will be exchanged only on the basis of the num
ber of grains the scales will register.
“The Writer offered for deposit a gold disc that
was stamped on the face ‘twenty dollars.’ The
teller put it on the scales and said ‘nineteen dol
. las’, and nineteen dollars was entered, and no
more, on the book. So that argument or no ar
gument, premises or no premises, theory or no
theory,- transactions between man and man are
barter.plain and simple.’’
That so much assurance, ignorance, and un
conscious stupidity should be going around
on two .good legs, occasions us deep pain, but
no very great surprise. The dupes of the
Gold Standard are ah more or less crack
brained. We were aware of the fact that the
strong banks in the big cities played some
mighty queer games on their customers, but
Ave had no idea that the teller could rob the
depositor while he waited at .the Avindow.
Yet this New Jersey lunatic took the trou
ble to offer this piece of bank dishonesty as
an evidence of the virtue of his own theory
about money.
Of’course, the man is all wrong about gold
coin circulating by Aveight. A twenty-dollar
gold piece, stamped “Twenty Dollars'', is
twenty dollar's, and for all pur
poses,—so long as they- are not Avorn down
below “the limit of toleration”.
You could safely say that within'a feAv
minutes after the bank got the twenty-dpllar
coin for nineteen dollars, it passed it out
through the other windoAV as twenty dollars.
You’d have a high old time if you carried
scales’with'you to the bank, and offered to
weigh the gold coins passed out to you,e-ttow
Avouldn't you ?
They'd run you and your -scales out -of
there, before you could say John Henry. Rob
inson. ’
The Gold Standard Iqpatic from New Jer
sey allowed his bank to cheat him out of a
dollar, when he knew perfectly Avell that he
could have taken the coin, no matter lioaa t
much worn, to the nearest store, bought half
a-dollar’s worth of stuff, and got $19.50 of
good paper money, Avhich the.bank-could not
have refused to take at its face value. \Or he
COuld have done the same thing Avith silver.
But he cheerfully stood for the loss of his
dollar, because it convinced him that he was
“sound" oh the money question!
Lots of Gold Standard dupes have--heads
of that sort.
Why I Quit Lecturing ...
To .gratify the morbid curiosity of my
countless friends, arid the inquiring minds of
my few and scattering foes, I will give away
the secret of my retirement from the Lec
ture Platform.
The Speech of Introduction Avas what did—
the business. It had got to be a nightmare,
an intolerable nuisance, which was sapping
the foundations of my character, injuring the
amiability of my disposition, prematurely
plowing trenches in my pleasing counte
nance, and rapidly turning my red hair gray.
But still I persevered, and by displaying a
humility Avhich I didn't feel, and gently re
pelling the chaplets of extravagant eulogy of
fered me by the Introducer, got to Avhere I
could talk off the disastrous effect of the In
troduction in about fifteen minutes.
What finally broke the camel's back and
made the Avdriri turn, and the galled jade
Avince, and kick out of harness, Avas the put
ting on of a new man, —the fellow who intro
duces the Introducer.
Where this amazingly stupid practice first
originated, God only knows.
But it has"become a fixed institution —like
’ sore eyes/ieed~tea,~ pink lemonade, claw-ham-
mer coats and ludicrous feminine headgear.
So, Avith me it Avas a question of conforming
to the fashion, or fleeing the field.
After two or three nights and da vs of the
agony, I fled.
Have never regretted it. Would rather
make a-living mending umbrellas,- or ped
dling shares of stock in a Percheron horse,
than to go back to the lecture field.
Still, if they d promise to throAV’ the Intro
ducer into the calaboose Avhile I'm in town,
and would agree to put the Introducer-of-the
Introducer in the chaingang before my ar
rival, I'd be open to propositions again.
IS ® ®
A People's Movement
Io The Jeffersonian Clubs, the members
Avill decide everything for themselves,' - by a
majority vote. "Each club will be a little de
mocrat y. There is no boss. Machine methods
cannot be applied. Au club will be under any
other. Each will discuss, deliberate and de
cide, for itself
Don’t you think the plan good enough to
try? " • ‘
If so, start the ball to rolling in your oAvn
toAvn, village, city Avard or country neighbor
hood. . Don't -wait for some one else. Go
ahead yourself. „ . . • .
® g] g -
Retiring Pensions for
Missionaries
Die 1! Oman's Missionary Ad vacate reports
certain resolves of the Special Committee on
“Annuity Fund'’.
Read: -
“2: That a sum not to exceed S6OO be paid these
worthy women (retired missionaries) annually,
the amount to be fixed for each person by this ex
committee.
“3. That the retired missionary be allowed to
remain on the field, if it be her wish and the Avish
of the majority of the active missionaries.
“4. That this fund be paid by this Board until
an Annuity Fund can be raised for this purpose.
“5 That this Annuity Fund be raised by re
questing each member of the Woman’s Foreign
Missionary Society, adult and young people and
•juvenile societies, to contribute five cents per an
num. We hope also that this fund may be in
creased by gifts.!’,.: H- : '.H; I i ■'
ti| " ' ’lt '
Foreign missionary teachers (ladies) get
$750-per annum. In purchasing power, the
$750, in China, are equal to at least $1,500 in
this country.
The proposition hoav is to alloAv the mis
sionary worker to retire on a pension which,
over there, will be worth at least $1,200 a year
-to her. . „ 7-
And where Avill the money come from?
From the priest-ridden church members of
America.
Missionary hens Avill lay eggs for the mar
ket, missionary cotton patches Avill contribute
their golden -fleece, needle-women Avill seAv
something to sell. Sun Beam societies Avill
send out little children to beg, and the Dr.
Coreys and Dr. Simpsons will come and
preach! ... - • ... -
But Bro. Clark, of Alabama, told us it was
all “voluntary’''.
ULaugh-every time I think of what Bro.
Clark said. He must be a mighty funny man,
-—Bro. Clark, of Alabama.
He says that you needn't give anything un
less you want to. That’s “real” amusing,
isn't it ?
About the only Avay you can keep from be-
to “Avant to”, is to stay from meet
ing, and light out for the woods Avhen you see
’em acoinin'.
“Voluntary''! As if anybody had any voli
tion about anyiliing, after he gets inside,
Avhere the-preacher does all the talking, and
where tAvo-thirds of the congregation avoulJ
begin to see stars.at middav, if the preacher
said it Avas bed time!
PAGE THIRTEEN