PAGE TWO
Public Opinion Throughout the Union
INEXPERIENCE IS CHEAP AND OFTEN
FATAL.
Two trains came together on a Pennsylvania
railroad last Monday. An engineer was killed
and several other men were severely injured.
A young girl—a very young girl, according to
newspaper dispatches —"was operator in a
switch tower, and sent the order which caused
the collision. Os course the order was a mis
take, due to inexperience. Because inex
perience is cheap railroads invest in it when
hiring operators. Boys and girls, willing to
work for small wages, man the switch
towers. They hold the lives of trainmen and
passengers in their hands. They are bound to
make mistakes, and too often mistakes in
switch towers are fatal. Captains and engi
neers of vessels intrusted with the responsi
bility for the lives of passengers must pass
rigid examinations before taking employment.
Why should the railroads be permitted to*
hire inexperienced boys and girls for positions
of no less responsibility?—New York Ameri
can.
OLD POPS, READ THIS.
Out in Texas, in the town of Abilene, is a
true-hearted, industrious reformer, who is do
ing his level best to stimulate independent
though and action, and to revive the interest
which tens of thousands of good citizens once
felt in Jeffersonian democracy. He has been
doing this w r ork at his own expense. Being a
poor man, this is an imposition which we
ought not to allow. We owe it to ourselves to
help the man who is trying to help us.
The Jeffersonian strongly urges upon every
citizen who feels that in the campaign of 1908
every legitimate effort should be made to
bring out a full, independent vote, to send
Mr. H. L. Bentley, Abilene, Texas, a contri
bution to help him on in circulating literature,
conducting a national correspondence, and or
ganizing Jeffersonian clubs. If you can send
sl, send it —send it now. If you can spare
$5, send that. Thousands of you can send
$lO and never miss it. Do it, and reap the
reward of that good feelin which follows th®
performance of a good deed. If you can send
no more than 25 cents, send that amount.
The Jeffersonian can vouch for Mr. H. L.
Bentley, and for the fact that that money will
be honestly applied to the purpose herein in
dicated.
THE ALDRICH MEASURE.
What is the matter with the Aldrich bill?
Various and sundry things. In the first place
it will not do what a properly framed measure
for relief ought to do. It might help a little
in furnishing temporarily an emergency cur
rency, but it would have little if any effect
in forestalling the emergency. Such is the
opinion of a number of the farseeing financial
men of the country.
The suspicion arising in a large part of the
country against the Aldrich measure is based
to some extent on the mistrust of its author.
He is believed to be largely influenced by an
TtlE JEFFERSONIAN.
environment that is as selfish in its motives as
it is greedy in its ends. The name of Aldrich
is closely assorted with the monster trust
evil from which the country has been suffering
for years. Any active movement he may
espouse is regarded more or less in the light
of a play into the hands of the powerful in
fluence. That in itself is sufficient cause for
the development of a widespread suspicion
against a far-reaching measure which Senator
Aldrich actively supports. He has never been
known for his intetest in the welfare of the
people. He is a bosom friend of the trusts,
and he is usually found lined up in their
favor when they want something big done by
congress. That’s Aldrich. —Birmingham News.
AS THE TWIG IS BENT.
The substance of President Roosevelt’s ad
dress to the Religious Education Association
delegates was that as the twig is bent ethically
so will the tree incline. It was a homily on
the need of more definite teaching of morals
to the young, and of the fundamental need of
cultivating self-reliance and self-direction in
the child if manhood and womanhood is to
be of the right sort. Excellent advice, applica
ble to civics as well as to ethics. Too much
bending, however, makes for fractures. —Bos-
ton Herald.
A GOOD PLATFORM—PUT SOLICITORS
ON SALARY.
Solicitors have nothing to do directly with
legislation, though they may indirectly.
Ido not believe the Solicitor’s services
worth more to the State than that of the
Judge; and as a general proposition the So
licitor is not an abler lawyer, or one who
would command more practice.
I therefore favor placing Solicitors on a
salary not to exceed that of the Judges of the
Superior Court. Then let all of the fees of
the Solicitors be paid into the treasuries of
the several counties in which they originate
and be devoted to the futherance of the
present common school system. In this way
the people of the several counties would re
ceive the immense perquisites that some claim
the Solicitors are now receiving under the fee
system and the common school fund would be
greately augmented.
With the fee system abolished the temptation
would be removed to load up the docket with
cases to be nol pressed on payment of cost.
No case should ever reach the docket that
deserves to be nol pressed on payment of cost.
Then again I favor giving the Soli’citors a
four year term and make them ineligible to
re-election. With the fee system abolished
and the services limited to one term of four
years at a time, all of the temptations inci
dent to the office of Solicitor-General would in
a great measure be removed and only one
incentive could remain and that would be to
discharge his duty to the State fearlessly.
I have advocated this for twenty years and
stand for the same thing today. lam making
the race for Solicitor of the Western Circuit
on these issues and my influence shall con
tinue to be used in the furtherance and con
summation of these three principles.
I will appreciate the support of my fellow
citizens of the circuit and if elected I will
give the best services of my life to the dis
charge of the duties of the office.
M. D. IRWIN.
Lawrenceville, Ga.
PEOPLE’S PARTY CALLED TO MEET.
By virtue of the authority invested in me,
I hereby call a State meeting of the People’s
Party of Arkansas to meet in the city of Little
Rock on Wednesday, April 1, at 10 o’clock
a. m., for the purpose of selecting delegates to
the national convention to be held in St.
Louis April 2, 1908, and for such other busi
ness as may properly come before the meeting.
All labor, farmers or other organizations and
individuals in sympathy with our principles
and movements for reform, and who will agree
to co-operate with us in our efforts for relief
from existing financial and political conditions,
are cordially invited to attend and take part
in our deliberations. The meeting will be
held in- Labor Temple, Second and Scott
streets, No. 122 Scott. A. W. FILES,
Chairman State Executive Committee, People’s
Party.—Arkansas Call.
125 SONGS FRFF
(WORDS and MUSIC) 1
NATIONAL SONGS, HYMNS, HOME
SONGS, HEART SONGS, SACRED SONGS,
ETC., FOR LOVERS
of Melody everywhere. Grandest collection
ever gotten together. Also 100 instructive
points for Music Lovers, showing the elements
of music and how it is learned. Among the
songs are: Home, Sweet Home, Abide Witn
Me, National Hymn, Columbia the Gem of the
Ocean, Juanita, Listen to the Mocking Bird,
Soft Music is Stealing, Star Spangled Banner,
Boat Song, and over 100 others. 250,000 copies
already sold. Everybody wants one. We send
this MAGNIFICENT COLLECTION OF SONGS
AND HYMNS, including 100 points in music
course, FREE, to everyone sending us 25 cents
for a 4-months’ trial subscription to the Home
and State, the illustrated Family Magazine, 32
pages, 128 columns, lots of pictures, good sto
ries and articles. No need to go to a music
store and pay 10 to 25 cents a copy for sheet
music when you can get these 125 Songs and
Music FREE. Send 25 cents (silver or stamps)
today before you forget it. Address THE
HOME AND STATE, 319 Commerce St., Dallas,
Texas.
ANNOUNCEMENT.
To the Voterw of the Northern Judicial Cir
cuit:
I announce my candidacy for the office of
Solicitor-General of the Northern Judicial
Circuit, subject to the primary to be held for
that purpose. I assure you that I will appre
ciate your support
L. D. M'GREGOR