wings were built in the rear on each
side of the church, extending out
ward and backward and reaching
nearly to the rear church wall. The
church in front, the wings on each
side and the wall in the back en
closed a large court in which the
mess tables and cooking outfits of
the hospital corps and Infantry were
located. In this court, which was
shaded by immense mahogany and
cinchona trees, the soldiers would
congregate at mess call and partake
of hard tack, coffee and “slum,”
which is a kind of stew. One even
ing, as the soldiers were regaling
themselves with this regulation diet,
a mad carabou charged through the
arch, the gate of which was ajar.
The two sentries were supposed to
keep out anything and everybody
who did not have the pass word. I
doubt very much if this angry ani
mal gave the countersign, as the sen
tries made record time in getting out
of harm’s way by flying up the flight
of massive stone steps leading to the
right wing, in which the quarters
were located. Once in the court,
the carabou charged around the in
closure in circles, scattering soldiers,
mess tables, cooking utensils and
benches in every direction. How I
gained the lower branches of a large
mahognay tree I have never been
able to figure out to my entire satis
faction, as next day I tried to climb
the tree but could not. The mad
dened carabou dashed about the
court in all directions, and all the
infantrymen could do was to seek
places of safety. At that time, in
1900, they were armed only with a
Kragg - Jargenson and bayonets,
neither of which weapons they had
with them during meals.
The hospital corps men, however,
were armed with .38-caliber Colt’s
revolvers and every time the mad
ffalo would run under or near a
corps man he would get his steel-like
bide peppered with a revolver bul
let. Every time he passed under me
I fired a couple of bullets into him,
but seemingly they made no more
impression than so many drops of
rain. He was master of the situa
tion completely, and would have con
tinued his destructive career indefi
nitely had not an infantry officer ap
peared upon the veranda of the left
wing, in which the officers had their
quarters, and killed him with a well
directed rifle shot. After the boys
were sure he was dead we carefully
approached and found that seven
teen bullets had struck him. The
hide of this animal is at tough as
iron and makes excellent leather.
if the Government could have or
ganized a couple of regiments of
carabous and trained them to charge
the native insurgents (so-called),
the war would have been over be
fore it was well begun.
The carabou’s last resting place is
in the native’s stomach. It matters
not whether he is slaughtered, killed
by accident or dies of disease, his
carcass is always utilized for food.
I have yet to see the creature that
swims in the water, walks or crawls
upon the surface of the earth or flies
in the air that the Filipino will not
eat.
Coffee grows wild in the islands,
yet the natives do not know how to
brew the drink. Some of the tribes
consider the coffee bean poisonous.
With a population of only 12,000,-
000, the Philippines can boast of
more than 125 languages or dialects.
Some of the tribes are so closely al
lied to the animal that they cannot
be taught the alphabet. Uncle Sam
has a task on his hands to civilize a
bunch like this.—Birmingham Age-
Herald.
When Hearts Break
(Concluded from Page 2)
He Priest.”
“Rosalie Priest,” cried the woman
in the chair—and her husband
echoed her amazement. It was the
name of the woman who had risked
her life to save their little boy.
The woman buried her face in her
slender hands. . . . “Thank the
kind woman,” she heard the suffer
ing yet ever thoughtful little lad
say—and this was the way they had
thanked her! And she wanted—so
little! Too late! Ah, the sting of
these words.
And —nearing Gregg’s Alley—in a
rain-soaked frock, with black hair
blown in confusion about her thin
white face, out of which two despair
ing dark eyes seemed to burn with
an intensity of hopelessness—a wo
man tottered weakly along toward
home, dazedly she pressed her hands
to her head—she would soon be
there—to where two little fair haired
children, with gloriously dark eyes,
sat awaiting her—and where a wax
en little baby, once dimpled and
laughing—lay on the faded coverlid
—asleep forever. The little boys
would be cold, and hungry, and
afraid. She must hurry.
And it was time, about now, for the
men who had come for her husband
to reach their destination with him.
He had loved the baby so!
She opened the door and went in,
the faded old shawl falling to the
ground outside unheeded, and the
rain began again to fall in unabated
fury.—Charlotte Observer.
AGENTS’ PRIZE CONTEST.
The winner in the cash prize con
test, which closed June 10th, was
Thos. E. Cartledge, Loco, Ga., to
whom we have mailed our check for
ten dollars.
The second prize of five dollars
was carried off by J. M. Johnson, Lo
cust Grove, Ga.
There will be no more cash prize
contests until the fall subscription
campaign opens up.
In the meantime we are offering
a gold watch and chain, a rifle or shot
gun, and a gold ring, as first, second
and third prizes to Mr. Watson’s
namesakes who will get the largest
number of subscriptions to the mag
azine or weekly by July 4, 1909.
We are also offering one hundred
dollars in cash to the man, woman
or child who sends us the largest
number of subscriptions to the Maga
zine by January 1, 1910.
In all these contests the worker is
entitled to our full regular commis
sion on subscriptions, so that he will
be earning good money all the time
he is trying for the prize.
Write to the Jeffersonians, Thom
son, Ga., for further particulars.
• “Aunt Becky” Burns, of Bellefon
taine, Ohio, recently died at the age
of 115. She attributed her longevity
to a persistent onion diet. No doubt
she paid for her long life, however,
with an abundant absence of popu
larity among her neighbors.—Ex.
3afferionlan
One Hundred Dollars
TO the man, woman or child who sends us the largest
number of subscriptions to Watson’s Jeffersonian
Magazine between now and January 1, 1910, we will
award prizes as follows:
First Prize - - - - Fifty Dollars
Second Prize - - Twenty-five Dollars
Third Prize - - - - Ten Dollars
Fourth Prize - Five Dollars
Fifth Prize - - - . Five Dollars
Sixth Prize - Five Dollars
Regular agent’s commission will be allowed on all
subscriptions sent in for this prize competition. For
blanks, samples, etc., apply to
WATSON’S JEFFERSONIAN MAGAZINE
THOMSON, GEORGIA.
Make Money Work
If you have a little money saved up which
you would like to invest so that it will be
absolutely safe, and at the same time will
be increasing at a profitable rate, write to
us for particulars of our Jeffersonian Bonds.
They are secured by a perfect guarantee,
and they earn seven per cent, interest. The
bonds are in small denominations, and are
intended for small investors. The interest
is payable annually, and is secured as abso
lutely as the principal. Write today.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
KNIFE EREE
F’lroto of Tiros. E. Watson
To each person who sends us one dollar for a new yearly sub
scription or renewal to Watson’s Weekly Jeffersonian or Watson’s
Jeffersonian Magazine we will mail a handsome, two-bladed knife,
with a transparent handle containing the latest photograph of the
Hon. Thos. E. Watson. The blades are hand-forged out of the very
finest English razor steel; the bolsters are of German silver, the lin
ings of plate brass, all beautifully finished. The photograph of Mr.
Watson is life-like; it is the best that was ever made of our editor
and leader. To get the knife you must ask for it when you send the
money—not afterwards.
THIS OFFER IS GOOD FOR THIRTY DAYS
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
BOOKS BV THOS. E. WATSON
Story of France (2 volumes)Price $3.50 or premium for 6 subs.
Napoleon Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Life and Times of Jefferson Price 1.75 or premium for 4 subs.
Bethany, a Story of the SouthPrice 1.25 or premium for 3 subs.
Life and Speeches of Thos. E. Watson. .Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
Handbook of Politics and Economics. . .Price 1.00 or premium for 2 subs.
Sketches from Roman HistoryPrice .50 or premium for 1 sub.
Waterloo (just published)Price 1.50 or premium for 3 subs.
THE JEFFERSONIANS, Thomson, Ga.
PAGE FIFTEEN