THE GAZETTE.
., --L-----v-----  A-- --- . --- -- ---
'SSibsertarwo.Pa, :: 47 -Per Yevr
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
When you wantany fire insurance written
see Ordway & -Richard.
Mrs. A. J. Bru spent a fpw days in Frank
iin. with relatives.
We hold a communication from Mr. C. H.
rBradlqy which has been crowded out of this
issue.
Mrs Sarah Klaus and her'charming sister,
isas Gussie Wolf, of Wasilington, visited
rrelatives in'this town Sunday,
Mr. W. C Triay'and his 'ittle hephew,
-Master Willie Winkler, of Washington,
wisited relatives and :friends in Lafayette
:;Sanday.
'Mts. 'Armaud Levy and children, of Lake
-Oharles, who have been on a visit to her
parents, left for'hoine Sunday accompanied
"by her sister, Miss Louise Bendel.
'Mu, Sidney Veazey will, commencing to
morrow, run a hack to Beausejour
:Springs, starting at 5 o'clock and will make
'trips as often as necessary, and the fare for
khe round trip will be only s5 cents. And
.will make trips thereafter every Sunday and
Thursday. Those wishing to go by this
-conveyance will so-inform him and he will
-call at residence.
The Gazette received an invitation from
Mrs. E. W. Glenn, principal, and Prof. C.
•ieichelheim, assistant, to attend a picnic to
be given by the patrons and children of the
'Carencro public schrdl on June the 15th at
Carancro Springs. We regretted very much
'that a press of business, that could not be
deferred, prevented us .from taking part in
what we feel certain was a very pleasant
-outing.
A band of Bohenians struck town last
Tuesday with four bears and four monkeys
and gave what they advertized as an * in
stranting, amusing and entertaining exiti
tion." It was in reality a frst class fake and
they should be run out of any -town they
·asy entqr.
M'r. John O. Mouton has purchased a mo
ttor, and will sun electric fans through all
rooms as well as the saloon in his building
mesa the depot. When you feel you're get
iting "hot in the collar" call at his saloon,:
-ask for a glass of tiee-cold beer, set under
'the fans, and get cool.
Little Frank Halliman, aged, to years,
was severely injured Sunday evening, while
attempting to catch on an -incoming train.
He missed his reach and fell under the
wheels sustaining injuries that necessitated
,the amputation of one leg at knee, and half
of the other foot. Frilay lie was resting
.easy. The two Drs. Traham and l)r. MNaudi,
are the .physicians attending to him.
Our good friend H. Bodernuller,
.of Opelotusas, was in Lafayette Sun
'day.
The Old Folks Concert on the
a.z.t instant-don't miss it. Changec
-of progra'rmne.
Now is the time to secure your
-eserved seats for the Old Folks
Concert on the :zst instant.
The attention of those who desire
to hire first class turn-outs is called
'to the card of Mr. Sidney Veazcy.
l.adies and children haircutting at domi
duP lI.. P. iagarry.
If we would bring people to I.a
fayette parish, we mnist 'let them
know what we've got to -offer.
Mr. Henry Crouchet, one of Car
"encro's progressive citizens was in
Lafayette Tuesday and made The
-Gazette a pleasant call.
Carencro will soon have a rail
road. Royville is fishing for one.
Lafayette must not lag behind.
Shall it be a refinery, Let's be
up and doing !
The many persons who missed
ihe first opportunity to see the Old
Folks Concert, if they wish to en
joy a treat should not miss the en
tertainment on the 21st instant.
The Old Folks concert held on
the 5th netted the High School
fund $6x.8o. The entertainment to
'be given on the 2 st--if the people
:appreciate a good thing-ought to
met, at the very least, double that
.amount.
To our friend Prof. Ben F. Toler
'*e return thanks for an invitation
to attend a picnie given on -the s6th
instant, by the patrons of the public
school at Ridge. We were sorry
that circumstances beyond our con
t~rol necesstated our absenoe.
Thd Lafayette public schooil,~Pro.
R. C. Greig and Miss Maggie Ja
snieson teachers dlosed .the .regular
school session yesterday. The
school will remain closed until the
ast of September and thus afford
~the teachers and children ample re
creation.
Ln the erouchet Hall, in Caren
'cro, on the 4th of July, will be giv
en a grand ball. The committees
are comnposed of gentlemen who
never leave anything undone to as
sure a pleasant evening to their
.guests, and add to this the always
successful efforts of Henri Crouchet
and it will be seen that .a pleasant
.time is in store .for those .attending.
L et's all go.
The Gazette suggests to those hav
ing lands for sale to have a drescrip
-tive circular of them sent over the
overflowed district. - There are peo
ple 6f 'some means out;there who
would,'probably, be glad to leave a
place where they live in constant
dread of the high water, never feel
ing sure, .when a crop is planted,
whether they will ever harvest it.
The Opelousas Ice Company has
established a -branch office in town,
and placed .Mr. C. J. Sanders in
charge. No better choice'than Mr.
Sanders could have been made.
Courteous, accommodating, he will
no doubt build up -a good tstade.
Don't fail to attend the bill tt Mr. Lis
bony's given by friends of Mr. Pointbceuf
for his benefit. The date has been changed
from the zlst to the 19th.
The Gazette has received an invi
tation to attend the commencement
exercises ot the convent schools
conducted by the Sisters of the Per
petual Adorasion in Breaux Bridge
on the 24th and aath instant. From
the programme we should judge
that the children will give a nice en
tertainment, and as sthe .people of
Lafayette .and :Breaux :Bridge hold
the most pleasant relations, an op
portunity is here furnished to still
further them.
The committee appointed by the
Business Men's Association are hard
at -work ,perfecting arrangements to
give the -visiting delegates to the
Road and Immigration convention
a royal reception on the 2sat. As it
will take :money :to do so, the
4;azette hopes-that our citizens will
contribute liberally. lThe more
money the committee will have the
grander the reception. Let Lafa
yette show that when -she invites
friends she -knows how to entertain
them.
Last Monday evening a prohibi
tion meeting was held at the Court
House, and lectures delivered by
Rev. 'C. M. Lyons and Capt. J. N.
Pharr, dt Morgan City. Although
the attendance was small the speak
ers were accorded appreciative at
tendion by those present and at the
conclusion, a prohibition club of
seven was organized with the fol
lowing officers : R. C. Greig, presi
dent; T. B. Hopkins, Jr., vice
president ; J. J. Davidson, secreta
ry ; and, Rev. 'John A. Miller, trea
surer. No party affiliation is dis
turbed, as those who join simply
pledge themselves to vote for preohi
bition.
Caught.
Sheriff Ilroustsard arrivet Monday from
Vickskburg, .Mi.s., having in custoldy C. F.
Clark with a string of aliases. The sheriff
was obliged! to obtain a requisition fronm
Governor Stone to secure his prisoner. 'Thi.
is thte .di:.;.nal who, some tint. sinze stole
$8oo worth of checks from W. II. Ray, a
Newv York insurance man. lie also stole a
valuabil case of surgical instruments belong
ing to 1)r. Frank Mout'ton, and valued at $25.
He claims to bhe a regular graduate from
Findlay, Ohio, and claims to be of respecta
table parentage. As the doors of the parish
jail opened to receive him he gave a long
glance fl around and 'then stopped nimbly
and smiling inside. TIhe sheriff has informa
tion to the effect, that Clark served a term
in a lunatic asylum, but the sheriff thinks he
is perfectly sane.
Ice.l Ice !
Mssrs. Hoy & Moresi, proprietors of the
Opelousas Ice factory have established in
Lafayette, and will make delivery twice a
day. The depot is opposite MIr. Pellecrin's
store. Mr. C. J. Sanders, the agent, wi.l
give prices and sell tickets. Parties who
will buy in summer, after the closing of the
depot for the season, will be supplied direct,
in winter, from the factory. jun 17 tf.
Carencro News.
From Our Regular Correspondent.
The Brotherhood of Railrood
Trainmen will on July and give their
gand annual excursion, from Was
hington to Abbeville. It will no
doubt prove a very enjoyable trip.
These gentlemen harwe~proven on se
veral occasions thatthey are experts
in the management of excursions,
and who ever avail themselves of
this opportunity of visiting the
beautiful little city of Abbevilleo
may rest assured that they will spend
a pleasant day, and their every com
fort provided for. The fare has
been placed at the low price of r·.5
from Carencro for the round trip.
-he train will pass Carencro at
7:5z A. M. Remember the date
and hour. The steamer Alice Le
blanc will run in connection with
the excursion, affording an opportu
nity to .those who might desire to
take a trip on the beautiful Vermil
lion Bayou- Don't fail to be on
hand.
%*
Messrs. Kennedy and .Stone, with
alarge · force of men are .at work
doing the .grading for the Teche
-nd Car~encro R. R. A large quan
tity of rails, ties, bridge lumber,
and construction material has atr
rived, and there is no doubt that in
four months the road will be in
working order.
Miss Birdie Palmer of Lafayette
is in town spending a while with the
family of Mr. A. C. Guilbeau.
¢)nr pu l'iic s.-1io*1 Thr i::,r.= cc)-i.
mences to present a very nice ap
pearance. It is the intention of
the Board of Trustees to paint the
building and whitewash the fences
also to plant a number of large shade
trees on the play-ground. Should
they succeed in carrying out their
plans, it will be the prettiest spot in
the'town. Our citizens have shown
their appreciation of the board's
efforts by subscribing a monthly
fund to assist them, in making all
needed improvements. Our people
intend that their public schcol shall
be second to none in 'the parish.
There are 84 pupils enrolled with
an average attendance of sixty two;
and ahder the able management of
Mrs.' E. WV. Glenn Principal, and
Prof. Chas. Heichelheim assistant,
the pupils are making wonderful
progress. Our people know that
they have a school that they can
feel proud of.
* *
Mrs. Henry Crouchet has been
quitesill
Judge E. J. Estilerte, has establi
shed a general sewing machine
Agency-in the building formerly oc
cupied by Mr. M. Francez. lie is
prepared to do all kinds of work in
repairing sewing machines of all
sorts. Will keep a stock of needles.
oils, and the numorous-attachments.
!Brother "Cherokee" has proven
himself quite an adept at solving
riddles. In a *-missing word". Con
test, he would be "stricsly in it."
Shake, brother, shake!
We trust that thl good -people of
Royville may succeed in :their
efforts, in having a 'zad- .built to
their -town. '
*
A railroad is conducive .to pro
gress, improves the country_ through
which its iron bed seeks a resting
place, and instills, ambition and
energy, in the people upon whom
it depends for support.. People of
Royville do not rest ;until you get
your .road. It is evident that the
future prosperity of our grand old
psrish depends upon its smaller
towns. So do your .part, Carencro
is doing its share.
1i-rs. L. .;acorte is ;in 'town visi
ting her mother Mme. Valerien Pre
jean.
The Crouchet Hall is nearing
completion. There will be a grand
opening Ball on July 4th which will
be under the management of a conm
mittee of gentlemen .xeperienced in
such .matters.
Miss 'Ella Persons ewent to Ope
Iousas last Sunday to .attend the
Peabody Normal Institute; or con
vention of teachers.
*
Mr. -H. Crawford Jr. of Opelousas
:was in town last week, looking after I
the interests of the New Orleans
Brewing Association, of which he is
agent.
For:a time it seemed that a large
number of our people would attend
the Chicago Exposition, but as the
time for departure draws near, the
expected 'exodus has dwindled down
to two or three who may go. Your
correspondent has counted up his
nickles, and finds that he lacks just
$z.8o of ,the necessary amount to
make the trip. He hopes his ab
sence will not interfere with the I
success of Ithe Wolilt's fair.
There is a gentle and sweet odor
of orange blossoms pervading the
general atmosphere just now.
Four marriages in the near futur,
the brides to be are four of the
sweetest flowers, that were ever
plucked from the garden sit woman
hood, and the fortunate young men
are -jst simply gaeat".'--God bless
you my .childrenl
TOTIDEM VLWRS.
Royville Items.
From Our Regular Correspondent.
Archbishop Janssens, of New Or
leans administered confirmation to
over 400 persons last Thursday.
Of the visiting clergy present were:
Fathers Forge of Lafayette, Jouan of
New Iberia, Meaux of Abbeville,
Langiois of St. Martinvile.
Our 'city election took place last
Saturday. With the exception of a
pistol shot, and a bruised skull, every
thing went smoothly enough. .Mar
slral Theriot had a little difficulty
with Mr. H. David with above re
sults; fortunately no one seriously
hurt. Hen. H. Theall was elected
mayor, and Messrs. P. A. Dupleix,
A. L. Dyer and D. Bonnemaison,
councilmen. The chief of police
will be appointed by the newly
elected council.
Mr. H. A Savoie of our neigh.
bnl-lso-jci h;' c~ wi~?n eii::bing
700 pounds. Mr Savoie is a re
liable gentleman and we took' his
word for it. Now, of course, if
any of The Gazette's many readers,
think that there is some exagera
tions on our part, we will drive them
over, (furnishing buggy and horse
free) so that they may see for
themselves the truth of our asser
tion. We may also mention that
this hog was not born in any
other parish, but is a full blooded
native ot Lafayette.
Several *of our sports returned
from ;the races last Saturday -rather
sick of heart, also with empty,pock
ets. That "dun" mare from Scott
"done us up" in great style, and
the best to be done in the future is
to -let her alone, and save some of
our loose nickels.
Messrs. Young and Mouchet at
tended the progressive euchre at
Lafayette last Saturday evening.
•Dr. N. D. Young, and Messrs.
P. B. Landry, - D. Bonnemaison,
*H. David, -N. ;Higginbotham and
.A. Primeanx werb visitors :to 4Lafa
-yette Saturday.
Messrs. Joe Leblanc and Odillon
Blanchet visited Abbeville Sunday.
Dr. G. W. Scranton has been con
fined 4o his bed the latter part of
the week, suffering from an attack
of billious fever.
Cards are out announcing the
marriage of our good friend, M.
Billaud, Jr., to Miss P. Bernard of
Arnaudville. We return thaniks for
the invitation sent 'us.
We are afraid our telephone line,
will -end :like the "*the letter that
never came." CHEROKEE.
Wedding.
At 6:30 o'clock Thursday evening the
brilliant nuptials of Miss Helen Eugenia
Gjifford and Mr. Wm. Clegg, Jr., were sol
emnized before a large concourse of peo
ple at Christ Church. Rev. C. W. Craik
performed the ceremony according to the
High Church Episcopal ritual. There
were thirty-five surpliced choir bays. who
preceded the bride as -she was led to the altar
by her father. The effect was beautiful
and added t3 the interest of the ceremony,
because it was an innovation to tha conven
tional Louisville wedding. The choristers
were the bride rose. As the bridal party
reached the altar iMr. Clegg, accompanied
by his best man, Mr. Gustave Breaux, came
forward from the vestry room. The order
of he khidal procession was revetwed after
the ceremony, the choristers and minister
f-ollowidg the bride and groom from the
church. The ushers were Messrs. Ed. Bon.
nie, Benjamin Haline, Frank Hogan,
Thornton -and.Morris -Gomdlone and Morris
Gifford. Miss- Gifford, the daughter of
Capt. If. N. Giffords, 'made a sweet and love
ly bride. Her sress. was very handsome,
being a Creek briffal gown of crystal silk
trimmed with pearl ahd old lace, with high
neck and lor.g train. A tulle wail covesed
the gown, the head bearing a tiara of pearl.
The groom is a prominent young business
man of Denver, Col. Ilis native heath is
Lafayette, La., where his father's family
still live. He is a nephew of ex-Judge
Clegg, formely of the Louisiana State bench.
Mr. and Mrs. Clegg left almost immediately
after the ceremony for Chicago, thence to
lenver, .their future home. They were the
recipients of an unusually large gumber of
handsome presents.-Louisville Times.
Town Council.
The council met Monday. The minutes
of the previous meeting were read and be
fore approval, Mr. Fred Mouton, stated a
motion made by him and duly seconded rela
tive to putttng up the public printing to bid
did not appear in the minutes, and he de
sired his motion to appear in the minutes,
and it was so ordered.
Several bills were then approved.
A communication from R. B. Martin, jus
tice of the peace, adking that a side-walk,
in front of his office, be rep.ured. Received
and referred to street committee.
The Marshal stated to the council that
complaints had been lodged with him rela
tive to the houses of ill-fame. It was or
dered that these places. be encircled by a
fence ten feet high.
The marshal was requested to put rin foree
the dog ordinance.
The following ordinances were passed.
An ordinance Prohibiting the getting on
and off of trainjs in motion and providing
a pena!ty for volblation of same.
Section I; Be it ordained by the City
Council of the town of Lafa~ette that it
shall be unlawful for..an.person or pers >ns
to get on or off of an. engiie train or cars
of the Southern Pacifi- Railroad Company
while in motion withintle corporation limits
of the town Lafayette;
Section IIf. Be it futher ordained that the
tPalice of said town are hereby required to
arrest and bring before the mayor of the
town of Lafayette any person or persons
violating section 1 of this ordinance.
Section Itt. Be it further ordained that
all persons violatitg Section t of this or
dinance shall be .imprisoned not exceeding
thirty days or fined riot exceeding 2i5.oo
dollars.
Section IV. Be it further ordained that
t'his ordinance shall not apply to Rail Road
employes. This ordinance shall take effect
from and offter its passage.
An Ordinance Requiring the Southern
Pacific Railroad Codlpany to place and
keep flagrmen at the railroad crossing on
Lincoln Avenue and providing penalty
for violationt thereof.
SectionL "Re it ordained by the City
Counci'l ot the town of Lafayette that the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company be . and
is hereby required to place and keep a flag
man at the raillroad crossing on Lincoln Ave
nue to give 'arning of the approaching
trains switch engines and cars on said
crossing.
Section TL. Be it further ordained that
said Southerh -Pacific Railroad Company
shall be fined itt the sum not exceeding $25
-at the discretion df the Mayor for failure to
comply with section a of this ordinance.
Section III. Be it further ordained that
this ordinance shall take effect thirty
days after its passage and that a copy be
sent to the officers of the Southern Pacific
Railroad.
After passing on some matters of minor
imsr~crtan.:e," hc .-Oo~ncit -ano::rned.
South Carolina will go into the
saloon business on the first of July.
Only 46 saloons are allowed in the
state, and these will be run under
the supervision of the State; liquor
-willBe dispensed only in sealed
packages containing from five gal
lons to half a pint and can not be
drank on the premises.
The climate of Southwestern
Louisiana would be a revelation to
*the people of the -Northwest, and
Lafayette parish is the garden spot.
Don't take our word for it, but
come and see for yourself, and you
will be convinced that this is the
land of perpetual spring.
Ordway & Richard represent over $25,
ooo,ooo in the fire insurance line. See
hem.
Lost.
Finder of gentleman's silver watch, lost
on 31st ult., is kindly requested to leave
it at The Gazette office.
Gueble's Plantation at Pub
lic Auction I
This beautiful property will be offered for sale, in
ONg or TWO lots, on
Saturday, June 24, at 3 p. mn.,
at the court-house in Lafayette. La.. unless sold pri
vately before. This highly improved l-HOME.. con
taining 450 arpents more or less with the brick resi
dence, tenant houses, etc.. etc,. is located a miles from
Lafayette: the projected La. central R. R. going over
thle place. This is the very center of the sugar
cane region. very rich land. suitable (or ally crop.
including Live Stock. No healthier locality any
where. Exempt from overflow. Terms: Three
-thousand or more dollars CASH and balance on very
easy terts., made known at the sale.
The s:.le will be made by c. H. Bradley, Esq..
For anly further particulars address to:
F. GUEISLE, Lake Charles. La.
Sheriff's Sale.
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
V E:i-1 E.
Stewcart B-ros &, Cu. vs. P. E. Couvillon.
iy virtue of a writs of seizure and sale is
sued trout the Honorable Judge of the s7th
Judicial District Court. atd for said Parish. State of
touisiana, in the above entitled and unmbered
causes. and to se tirected. 1 have seized and will
offer fr sale. at public aution, to the last higBhest
blder,. at tihe residence of defendant. herein mem
tinned, it the parish of Lafayette. State of Louisiana.
Saturday, July 8th, 1893
between the legal sale hours, the following described
property, to-wit;
lifteen acres of land in Lafayette parish being
bounded north by l)icter Couvillon. south by public
rouad east by Jean ttCilbea3s, and west by Valery
Gnilbeau, together with all the bsuildings and imn
provemeots thereol ; also. one steamn cotton asnd
grist mill ; also.
A plantation situated In said parish and state con
taining forty-five arpent., more or less. and bounded
as follows ; on the north by Dr. lrouss.u-d. south by
Cleophas Dsgas. east by H. E. 1'oll. O. IS. Breatsx.
and Armand L. Ouilheau. and on the west by Dor
ville Broussard. together with all the buildltngs and
improvements thereon situated.
Also, a stock of goods and merchandise. books, etc.
Terms: cash.
ISAAC A. BItOUSSARI).
Sheriff, Lafayette Parish.
Sheriff's Sale.
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
YE r.1"E.
.4meirarlan Aztionlal Bank vs. P. E. Cou
sri/lon.--NO. 384."
erstinezt Raoss vs. P~ . Ew . Corilirtn.-
No. 3837.
1. S. West ' Ce. e a. P. E. Copeaillon.
ro. 38P,35.
Stto'art Bros. tS Co. :Vs. P. E. Ctszvil ,t.
y virtuce of writs of fieri facias and of seizure and
s.dle. issued from the Honorable Jdge of the t7th
Judicial District Court, in and-for said Parish. State
of Louisiana. in the above entitled and numbered
catses, and to me directed, 1 have seized and will
offer for sale. at public auction. to the last and
highest bidder, at the residence of defendant. herein
mentioned. in the parish of Lefayette, State of Lou
isiana, on
Saturday, Julry Sth, 1893,
between the legal sale hours, the following discribed
property. to-wit:
A lot of D)ry Goods. G;roceries liardware. etc., etc.
Terms--Cash.
ISAAC A. IIRO)USS.ARI).
Sheriff, lafayette Paerish.
CO:VS7AB$IjE SALE.
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
YE1TrE-NO. -
JUST1CE:S .CC3'RRT-FIRST WARI).
josepA Morgan ,vs. Uo,/etno'n rand Ln',oaimezr-.
Propert , .
B- vilrtue of a writ of fieri facias, isstued by tht.
on. (;. iouton. Justice of the Peace of the -First
ward of the Parish of Lafayette. Sotate of Lsonissan.
in the above entitled cause. and to me directed, I
have seized. now hold, and will offer for sale. at
iublic aection, to the last and highest bidler. in sat
isfaction of said writ. in front of the office of the said
Justice of the Peace, at Scott, on
Satuerday, Jtlne 17, 1893,
-boetween the legal sale hoirs, the following described
property, to-wit :
One mule. and one colt (fillyc
Terms-cash.
I). AtC ENSEAIX.
CsonstalNlc ist. Ward.
Constable's Sale
STATE OF I.OUISIANA-PARe SIl OF LAFA
yVErrE-No. 71.
71H JU's-rlCE'S COURT.
Doolaa B,-oze.tsord 75. 1r hn~nt,'7l.
Byf irtue of a wri of flri facits issoed .ttt of the
yth. Jcstices Cotirt, Parish ol afayntte. State d
Louisiana. H-on. Ales. Meattx iusce, and t- rse di
rocted. I will offer for sale at puhlic atction to the
last and highest bidder, at thejustics:s eoFfce in the
7th ward of tile parish aforesaid on
Saturday, June 17, 1893,
one unknown 4-year old Beef
branded i
Sal. w-il take place between
the hoors of to a. m. and 4 p. m.
Terms atsd Conditions-cash on the spot.
E'ts-rScA Ct.:stoe, Constable.
' .Ralblic Sale
-, the nndee'sigrcd Sheriff of the Parish of Letfs
yette. State of Lottesifs.-s will offer for sale. to tle
last and highest bidder, -in fioteof -the Cottrt -Muse
in the town Of Lafayette. parish asbnlstttae aforesaid on
Saturday, June 2!4, 1893,
between the legal sale hours, the following descrihed
property found on the person of Willie Tavl-r con
victed to the State pentteniary from tltis parish. said
property is believed to Stave been stolen. azsd has
been in my possession over a year; said property
consisting of:
s. One Ladies Ws'alth;sm 6 sice gold watch two dii
toonds in case. No. 28.456.
-. One open face American fill case, t8 sire watch.
No. Sag,3sa.
3. f)ne gold ring fosr p earls one garnet.
4. one Ladies iso. gold watch. No. t55.7t
5. One brass chain atsd to copper cent pieces.
6. Seven plated bsttons.
7. One-razor.
Owner can have same by proving property anti
paying costs. ISAAC A. IicrO'SSAtrs.
Sheriff. Lttfayette Parish. -
CR'YSTAL LENSES
J. E. TRAHAN, Drtggist, has
exclusive satc of these Celebrated
Glasaes in Lafayette, La, "from the
factory of Kellam & .Moore, the
only complete optical plant in the
south. Atlanta. Ga.
T. M. BIOSSAT
keeps constantly on hand a tine line of
Watches,
Clocks,
Diamonds,
Jewelry,
. ilverware.
SMITH & WESSON, -
and COLT'S A -
'PISTOLS;
FINE LINE
POCKET KNIVES;
TABLE CUTTLERY; dO E
FINE LAMPS, Etc. FOR,;ALE OitLy By
Special Attention Paid to the Repairing of Fine anil
Ciomnplicated Watches
3It Orders by mail or express carefully filled.
LOCK BOX 137. T. M. BIOSSAT, Lafayette, La.
As long as this man purchased
his GROCERI:ES 't the near
est place, just because it waas
S"convenient," he bore a face as
sour and discontented as ap
pears in this picture,'atsnd lie ,waHb
ready to fight a DUEL at the
Sd drop of a bat.
He was paying such prices (the lowest he believed) for Coffee, Six
gar, Flour and other groceries, that he could not "'make both ends meet,"'
which accounted for the ugly and cross way he spoke to his wife anti
children.
What a great transformation we
see ! Shortly after this same crab
id, crossgrained man took the ad
vice of a neighbor who did not
mind walking for blocks further,
himself, and found out that at
Moss Bros & Co
he not only could get anything
he wanted in Staple a-nd V1ancy
grocers, but discovered he could
buy much cheaper from 'hem, than
elsewhere.
Miss Louise Revillon
Solicits a
visit to
A FULL ASSORTMENT
OF FINE GOODS IN
THE LATEST STYLES.
A. J. MOSS A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON
AT WHOLESALE and RETaIL
OF FI C E A N 1) Y'\RD N EAR RAI LROAD D E POT
I . F.\YETT E, LOUTISANA.
Cypr(s. :i-,! Fine I.umbcr, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
bl3intis, Mouliing, I:tc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McC,-rnmick Harvester, Binders and MowRer. Eagle plows, WValkink
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes arid
Stalk Cutters, 1tc.
Wagons, Cisterns.
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
SEW AND SEASONABLE
MILLINERY GOODS,.
SUCH AS
Hats, Peathers, Silks, Embroiderics, Etcp
also, Ladies' and Childkren's Shooo