TITE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE
VOLUME . I LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 1, 1894. NUMBER 26
-r- - m-an" " n" " m -nmn ua -- I -a i a * u- n ul ld In g n • i i utaH n m . ..n. . . n .. . . nn.ni. n n mR ..n.n.. n .an.. natron n al m D ,
NUMA B1ROUSSARD,
Cabinet i b er and
FFritnre. Repairer
OP ALL KINDS.
Turning of Banisters, Scroll Banisters,
Pancy and Plain Mantels, Fancy Glass
Doors of all kinds, Brackets, eto.
L VAPB ETrTE, LA.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Bank Building.
FRED MOUTONI, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All Work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
H. C. SALLES,
SDENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. U. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Latayete, La.
H". W. E LLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA. }
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
Attorneves at )irt T
LAFAYETTE, LA.
'E. PRIOLLAUD,
Watchmaker
and Jeweler
-AND IiEAi.i: IN
Rich Jewelry, Watches, Diamonds, Eto
C:e3g's Building, Courthouse Square,
LAFAYIE'TTE, - - - - LA
ALBERT de la HOUSSAVE,
BAKERi
----.dh2T.10 - t
Confectioner,
Vermillion Street, LAFAYETTE, LA
RlLBAILOAD BARBIUIR ShOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
TIlE "'OLD RELIABLE." I
.JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
IH. L. fIONNIER,
-Dealer in- n
General
flerchand ise.
PRESH GROCERIES ALWAYS ON HAND
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
FEE) Stable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at roasonable nrices. yo
Careful drivers furnished when required. h;
LAFA YtETTE, LA. di
jan 17. T
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary :
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su- T
promo and Federal Courts at Opelousas ul
and New Orleans. n(
OYELOUSAS, LA.a
-AND- er
Sale Stable S
E. COISTATIHI, Proprietor. ca
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHtART. it
A practitioner in tho State 22 years, I'a
and in Lafayette Pari~sh 11 years, calls w(
attention to bisnew and successful troeat- po
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi- on
cal inhalations combined with consti- let
tutional treatment affording a cu a rto
Consumption, in the first and second
period if they follow exactly the troate
ment and relief in the third period. e
Deafness and chronic diseases in gen- sa
eral a pecialty. Up
O. P. GUILBEAU, 'M
Notary Public
-AND---
Justice of the Peace.
careful and prompt attention given to be
the collection of kitl I ~.eounts, notes or
drafts. Sale and pnreame of lands at.
tended to. : 1-19
c. 1.j MOUrTON, It
Q W; I ·
) SOME DAY.
" Some day. somehow !" The hor is dead
When I looked into loving eyes,
And kissed the thisl*rlng lips that said
Theso Wyds to me. And if the ties
Then mado are broken; if the breast
Then warns with life, is pulseless now,
I still will think that God knows best,
And that we will meet some day, somebowi
Until that time I still will know
That whereso'er in Heavenly Cafe
N That pare and radiant soul may go.
My thoughts may follow. Everywhere
I'll hear that voice so low and sweet.
Just as I seem to hear it now:
I'll hear the fall of fairy feet,
I'll hear the words: "Some day. somehowl"
Upon the mantelpiece I see
The plcture of a fair, sweet face.
And, though the lips are sealed, to ms
They speak with more than tender grace.
I question not the mystic spell:
But hark! how clear the accents now!
" "ais not the language of farewell,
'Tis trusting love's "some day. somehowl"
And so I fondly hope 'twill be.
s Not now, but some time; after life
Is finishod and eternity
Dawns on the soul. The toll and strife
Of time once ended, then comes rest
to Such as we do not dream of now;
And then will come to me the best
Of all, my love. some day, somehow:
-Minneapolls Journal.
'MANDY JANE PEN3TOCK.
A Tale of Love and Love Charms
in Penneylvania.
One time when I was up in Penn
[D sylvania Hemlock belt I was going
from Overman's Hook to the Barley
RPun Cross Forks when I heard some
one whistle off to one side of the road.
Looking in that direction I saw a man
peering cautiously from behind a big
hemlock tree. He motioned for me to
C stop, and I did.
"Say," said the man in a suppressed
voice. "kin ye see fur behind ye, down
the road?"
The road was straight behind me for
a mile, and I could see that far, I told
the ian.
"As nigh as ye kin make out, tha'
1hain't nothin' that looks like a tall
woman in a red calliker dress an' a
green sunbonnet nowheres betwixt
you an' as fur'as ye kin see, is tha?"
asked the man.
"No," said I, "there isn't."
r "Ye hain't color blind, be ye?"
I wasn't.
"Then 'a woman in a red calliker t
0 dress an' a green sun bonnet wouldn't c
I be liable to look to you like one in a
valler dress an' a blue sun bonnet.
Would she?" e
She wouldn't.
"Tha hain't no raisin' o' dust no- .1
wheres that looks as if it mowt be riz a
by a woman in a red calliker dress an' f
a green sun bonnet comin' this way c
pooty fast, is tha?"t
The road was entirely free from any
thing of that sort.
"Ye hnin't noways nigh-sighted,. be
Quite the contrary. a
"T'hen if tha was a raisin' o' dust r
setch as that, not moro'n a hundred
yards clown the road, ye wouldn't be h
- liable to take it fer a haystack a mile n
away, would ye?" t
" Entirely out of the question. o
The man came out from behind the o
, tree, and with a big sigh of relief sat t
do wn on a stump. 'I
"'' ause, ye see I'm aleetle anxious," t;
-he said, "fer if ye'd seen a woman y
with a red calliker dress and a green s]
sunbonnet comin', or a-raisin' o' dust
th:at looked as if it mowt be riz by a
woman with a red calliker dress and a ,z
gr'con sunbonnet, that'd a ben 'Mandy n
Jane I'enstock. an' I'd a had to take to p
the woods." Jk
"Vlhat's the mnatter with 'Mandy t
t.n,":'' I asked.
'he man mopped his face with his i
shleve and fanned himself with his hat d:
.n.,d said: F
"l)id a ye ever have have a hankerin'
ior a gal that didn't seem to keer to
hanlcer fr ye?"
I didn't know that I ever had. A
".1 is' keep yer eye on the road, Cap."
Said the man, "an' if ye see any of
p them signs o' Mandy Jane jis whistle, at
will ye?" 7Y
I said I would.
"Then I'll tell ye sumpin'. If ever hi
ye take a shine to a gal an' she won't
hanker, take a hoot owl's gizzard, to
dry it, an' grind it inter a powder. ~
Then, unbeknownst to the gal, git
somune of it in her lemonade or sumpin'
'fore she drinks it, an' ye've jist as P'
good as made four shillin' for the b'
squire, for she can't never say 'No' be
..gin when ye ast her if she'll be yourn. ca
Tha' hain't no red an' geeen loomin'
up yit twixt you an' the horizon, nor m
no shakin' o' dust that mowt have red dc
an' green inside of it, is tha?" it
"Not yet." w
"If ye'd ever know'd Sallie Msagomp- w
ers, over to the Hook, ye'd a hankered, ye
I'll bet ye! I took to hankerin' fer CO
Sallie more'n a year ago, but tha didn't m:
seem to be no use. Sallie'sjestturnin' ne
twenty, now, and mebbe sh"I hain't a
cai~on fer pootiness! Pictur's hain't ru
nowheres 'longside o' her. But some- an
how she fit shy o' me. So one day I ye'
says to myself: 'All right, my lady! If to
it's got to be left to hoot-owls,' Ik
says. 'hoot-owla. it'll be,' an' 1 went a I
gunnin' fer hoot-owls. But hoot-owls i,
hain't so durn thick in these here
woods, an' I gunned, an' I gunned fer ye
pooty nigh a year 'fore I draw'd bead
on one, an' you bet I was more'n tick- i an
led when I tumbled him offen his du
roost!
" 'Gals that kin hanker an' won't "
hanker must be made to hanker:' I yo
says, an' I hung the hoot-owl's gizzard efi
up to dry.
"One o' these days, when I hear that
'Mandy Jane Penatock has passed o ~ers
Jurdan, I'm goin' back to the Hook an'
Jest as like as not thump the life outen thi
Sam Brazee. Sam an' me worked on gy
the same loggin' job, an' after I bagged by
the owl I says to him oneday: Ch
"'Sam,' I says, 'me an' you won't co0
bank in together much longer,' I says. sex
" 'Hlow's that?' says Shm. of
"'I'm goin'ter marry Sallie Magom- sir
pers next week,' I 'says.
" 'Nol' says Sam, 'allie's give in, has.! -
she?' Is
'Not yit,' I says, 'but.ahe's goin' tar. ' did
i've iowdere4d.S ho t-r4il'' giamad,' I .-I
-',:--""l, t~a f~y~  tews saw
f It up that inowt put ye in mind '"
the inklin' I've giv ye o' 'Mandy Jan.,
gimme the wink an' I'll scoot."
The road was still clear.
"Sam looked s'prised a little wheit i
told him 'bout halvin' the owits gizat-d
love powdet' an' pdoty asoo he says:
owlt " 'Well,' he says, 'I'm goin'ter take
Sallie to the picnic to-morrow, an' I
s'pose that'll be the last time I kin
gallavant her anywheres, 'cordin' to
that,' he says.
" 'That's what it will, Sammytl" I
I* bays.
"'Mandy Jane 'ethstook thowt a bedt
a stutnner when she was a gal, fer all I
know, but I don't jis' recomember
when that was. She'll hef to think
back a good ways if she recomembers
it herself. But, leavin' out bone an'
'1 sinner, an' a pooty sharp nose, 'Mandy
Jane don't cut much of a figger now
adays. She's eonsid'able sot in her
ways, though, an' when she has sump.
in' on her mind that she's goin'ter do
she's goin'ter do it or things'll rumble.
"Sam Brazee he took Sallie to the
picnic an' I was there with my hoot
owl's gizzard all ready. Sallie kit
Stned consida'ble to Sam, an' it made
me squirm to see her, I tell ye, but I
says to myself: 'All right, my lady!' I
says. 'But wait till the hoot-owl sings
n . to ye!' I says. Bimeby I says to Sam
an' Sallie:
" 'Come over an' I'll treat ye,' I says.
n- 'Come git some lemonade,' I says.
ug "An' they come along, an' I bought 1
ey the lemonade, an' when Sallie wasn't
•e lookin' I tumbled the owl's gizzard
,d. love powder inter her glass.
in "'Ohl' she says. 'Yonder's 'Mandy
ig .ane Penstock!' she says. "Mandy 1
to must have a treat, too!' she says.
"So she calls''Mandy Jane over, an'
ed I orders a glass fer her. Now see what
n what Sallie done. She hands the glass
that had the owl's gizzard in it over to
or 'Mandy Jane herself, an' 'fore I could 1
I stop her, 'Mandy Jane had gulped it
down, love powder an' all! You're
a' sure ye hain't color blind, Cap?"
"11 'Positive." 1
a "Nor nigh-sighted?"
"t "Not a bit."
p" "Ye don't see no more colors on the
lan'scape, yet, than ye'd natur'ly t
'spect orto be there, do ye?"
."No." c
"An' the dust hain't actin' in a way a
that mowt fool ye into thinkin' it was c
only a hurricane a-comin'?" I
a "No."
t. "It'll go hard with Sam Brazee if it D
ever gits safe fer me to go back to the t
Hook ag'in! Soon as I see 'Mandy
- Jane gulp that lemonade an' owl's giz- a
is zard I give one cold shake an' started 11
a' fer home to pack my trunk. This was tl
y only yisterday. When I came out ag'in
there was 'Mandy Jane.
- . 'Asa,' says she, 'arter all these w
years,' says she, 'an' to think that tl
e you'm to be the one,' says she. 'I'll
be ready to-morrow,' says she, 'an' me v
I an' you'll go to the squire's. To-mor
t row at half-past nine!' says she. n
d "Say, Cap! I tumbled back in the t
'e house an' slammed the door an' went $
e upstairs an' hid under the bed. Early a
this mnornin' I crawled out an' snuck t
outen the house an' jist laid myself t
e out an' dug fer liberty. As I raised t:
the hill I turned an' looked back. I
There was 'Mandy Jane comin' on my b
trail like the wocds afire! She's comin' st
n yit! She's only stopped fer wind. Has e
n she hove in sight yit?" t'
t "Not yet." ti
• "Then I'll take to the woods an' t]
* mebbe won't see no t'backor for a ti
V month, Cap, unless you gimme that a
D plug o' your'n; an' when 'Mandy Jane p
ketches up with ye if ye'll only jist ti
r tell her-" tl
lBut I hadn't time to wait to hear II
s what I was to tell 'Mandy Jane and u
t drove on toward Barley Run Cross tl
Forks.-N. Y. Sun. y,
d4
OPEN TO ENGAGEMENT. oc
A Horrible Example of the Effects of
Idleness.
"Mister," said the greasy wayfarer i
at the back door, plaintively, "can't
you do somethin' fur a pore man?"
"My friend," replied the man of the tr
house, "I am a poor man myself."
"I don't s'pose you know what it is
to go all over the country huntin'
work?"t
"No." pi
"The trouble with me," said the ar
pilgrim, wiping his perspiring brow th
with the remains of what had once at
been a handkerchief, "is nerves. I. el
can't do heavy work. If you was to as
ask me to hoe in the garden to pay fur fa
my breakfus' I couldn't do it. I won't I
deceive you, mister. I just couldn't do be
it. But I'm willin' to do light work. I tic
won't stand back fur no man alive Bt
Swhen it comes to light work. An' if th
you've got any easy job that I can do it
comfortable like, so as to stimulate st
my appetite 'thout weak'nin' my of
nerves-"
"I have told you, my friend," inter- me
Srupted the man of the house, "that I th
am a poor man. I sympathize with at
you, but I am not able to do anything o
to help you, and I certainly don't a
know of any light work you could do. wi
I am a lecturer and I make only a bare tic
living." r
"Would you mind tellin' me what hie
you lecture about?" to
"No. The subject of the lecture I fat
am delivering this season is 'The In- to
dustrial Crisis.'" N.
"Mister," said the caller, eagerly,
"don't you want a feller to travel with
you as a horrible example of the
:effects of idleness?"-Chicsgo Tribune.
What Coeuld o It. li
To wound a man's pride has often
been found to be the most dangerous
thing one can do. The feeling of the
greater part of humanity is represented
by the reply of a Gascon ofieer to n
Charles VII., who asked if anything' o
could detach him from the king's o
service. "No, sire-not even the offer
of three kingdoms like yours; but, w, ,
sire-one single affront." - Youth's
Companion. abs
-Wife--"Come. let us go home. It of
Is eleven o'clock, and you know you wit
didn't come home till one this morn- to
.jn(.t Busband-"That's just it. You the
s-teuv can't eaeet me to come hois A
o6' PROTEOTION BLAO KMAIL..
ew be tisMelt eentef to1 Pres"ed
by Pampered Panderer.
iTo rogire e'er felt the halter draw
with good opiniol ot the law or the
-t' district 'ttoriney, and the Manchester
SMirror and Farmer, chief protection
e bunco steerer for the state of New
IIHampshire, protests most earnestly
against my kleking its large protec
to tion patinehe. In feply to my indict=
tI tlent, it issures the taepubliean voters
' l Whom it is misleading and befoolini'
on this qiiestioni
dd 1. That I am a hired writer for the
11 Isugar truss paid by it to defend its
er thefts.
nk 2. That there is now no tax on sa
nks gur; that the McKinley bill put sugar
on the free list, and that the wicked
dy democrats are now trying to put a tax
" on sugar that will benefit the trust by
et $2. 80 per ton,
ý . That there never was a sugar trust
o under republican legislation, or while
la the republicans taxed sugar, and that
he it is under the law putting sugar on
t- the free list, under the abominable
"free trade" in sugar of the McKinley
de bill, that the sugar trust has grown
I rich and insolent.
4. That every man (except one) in
gs the sugar trust is a democrat, and that
Lm all the contributions of the sugar trust
hbve been made to the democratic
rs* party.
'here are many more statements of
ht this kind with which it proposes 'to
i't hoodwink the ignorant and vicious re
rd publican voters of New Hampshire
too ignorant to refer to the law and
a see for themselves what the facts are;
1Y too vicious to even care what the facts
are when the truth has been sho-n
n' them. Each republican vote which
at this protection bunco-steerer can re
s tain for the republican party next No
to vember is worth Slto in crisp green
Id backs to the league of four hundred
it and fifty American protected trusts,
re and if bluffing will keep even one vote
from straying, it does not propose to
lose that one, or its percentage on any
one It can steer into the game for its
employers to swindle. That it is crim
se inally dishonest, that it is a partner of
Ly the protection thieves, sharing their
plunder, must be the unbiased opinion
of any honest man who reads its an
Ly swer to my straightforward statement
as of facts and figures, not one of which
it attempts to impeach.
"This World hireling of the gang that has
it planned and is about to execute this stu
1e pendous robbery calls the pending bill one to
reduce the profits of the trust three-fourths.
aLy nd says he proposes to plant his well-shod I
Z- heels square in the stomach of all who oppose
d It. 'The well-shod heels' of that animal are 1
Ls the heels of an ass that is staggering under the
load his brutal owners have piled upon him.
and whose voice is badly broken by the bray
ing which a cruel keeper extorts from him 1
.e with the goad. But listen further to the noise
it that comes echoing from among the bats that
11 nest in his stomach up through the vacuum in
his skull and out through the orifices of his
e vile nose."
r- That is Its only answer to my state- '
ment that the McKinley bill "pro
ie tects" the sugar trust with a duty of t
it $11.20 per ton; that the proposed sen- c
Y ate bill reduces this McKinley protec- 1
k tion of the trust to a duty of $2.80 per c
Lf ton. It cannot deny that the sugar I
d trust yearly receives under the Mc- I
t. Kinley law $20,000,000 blood money and F
y blackmail. It cannot deny that the i
a' senate bill substitutes a tax of one- i
as eighth of a cent in place of the present i
tax of one-half of a cent, as the pro- a
tection of the trust. It cannot deny d
1' that the senate bill compels the sugar I
a trust to pay into the treasury $15,000,- c
"t 000 of the $20,000,000 blackmail now
e paid to it yearly by the people, and 1
t that all other taxes on sugar levied by
the senate bill go into the treasury. s
r Itdoes not deny, and cannot deny, that p
A under the McKinley bill we must pay to e
a the sugar trust 820,000,000 blackmnil t
yearly, as we have done since 1890, and it t
does not deny that the defeat of a dern- d
ocratcl reform measure which cuts this a
blackmail down is what the trust c
is working for. It cannot meet c
facts or figures. It dare not quote 9
' the present law or the proposed law. h
There is nothing left but to denounce
me as the paid advocate of the sugar ji
trust! Between 1880 and 1890 there was ii
not a fact or a figure in connection c
with the exposure of the sugar trust's fi
thefts used in any newspaper or in any tJ
public utterance that I did not supply; a
no other writer furnished anything; a
and this same defender of protection C
then denounced me for my persistent
attack on the sugar trust, as "the paid
clerk of a gang of foreign importers,"
as "a liar hired by British gold" to de- tl
fame honest men. The exposure that sl
I made of the sugar trust blackmail h:
between 1886 and 1890 forced a reduc- si
tion to the present theft of $20,000,000. of
Because I am fighting now to either cut
this blackmail off altogether or reduce Ji
it to 65,000,000, this protection bunco- d,
steerer denounces me as the paid agent al
of the trust, in order to defeat any v
bhange and keep the 8020,000,000 black- t:
mail for the trust. It is an old triclk of fc
the pickpocket to shou. "Stop thief" t
at his accuser. This editor has such pt
confidence in the stupidity and ignor- t
ance of his readers that he knows it at
will be successful in diverting atten- to
tion from himself to call me a "hire- bi
ling of the sugar trust." Not one of
his readers cares enough for the truth th
to pin him down to the figures and p
facts, if he had sufficient intelligence m
to understand them.-Tariff Rule, in ii
N. Y. World. at
PIEBALD POLITICS.
Republleans Remort to Any Means to eain bi
Votes. Sc
It is anything to win with the repub- tl
licans this year. Principles don't th
count. Nothing counts but votes-twice ex
if possible. Nothing matters except to to
get back to power, staked recklessly
and lost on MeKinleyism. To that end id
no deal will be surprised, no concession sa
of principle refused, no fusicqpn untried, th
no straddle too great to be attempted. ev
As to the silver question the repub- "'v
licans propose to be all things to all do
men, but with a decided tendency to el
abandon former declarations in favor hIa
of sound money,.and join .hands again th
with the silver extremists in an effort at
to save protection at the egpense of wl
the clr rrency. e
As to the t~iif they will refrirm voe
, q.g , jebt of ,4, dtyotlol.. a-.Io --I!
_ ,- f'/ - .  " . . . -, -
Iinleyism as they think they can win
on. Should they win by a pledge of
tnoderate protection, their treatment
of imer promises of this character
he leaves no doubt of what they will do a
ter when they have the chance. They
on are prepared to trick the country if
ý they can, by any pretense of repent- i
ly ance and reform, such as they made at c
the time of their famous tariff comn
mcission. c
rS One republican member of the house I
from Penihylvania was frank enough a
to say the other day that in his judg- a
he ment his party, in selecting a presi- f
its dential candidate and constructing a t
platform in 1896, "would be governed, I,
z not by what is right or wrong in an f
a n abstract sense or by what this or that
ed candidate thinks, but by considers- a
a Lions entirely apart from either morals 'j
by or statesmanship"-probably very far f
apart and partly financial. These con- t
st siderations were further explained in s
tie this simple fashion: e
at "The democratic party is going to pass a bit b
which will be moderately protective, but will
n impose lower taxes on the whole than the Me
le Kinloy act. It business revives next winter a
ey and keeps up pretty well the republican as- e
rn tional convention will undoubtedly adopt a 1
moderate protectionist platform, contending
chan the revival is due to the faoot that the pro
in tcctive principle has been preserved In the i
at democratic bill. If times continue .a. how- n
at ever, the convention will insist that the readba
of this :s to be found in the fact this duties
were reduced too far. and Will I
adopt a stiff tariff programme, outlo
of McKinley act if anything."
to And so they hope·~sooiahus "a
e- ing and a-gwine," ad pen us betweeeen
- the sea and the iron -brks, where the
id blundering cowardice of our leaders I
e; has placed us. At this utter
ts ance, and the io re
rn publican state vbpt
:h McKinley rates be
e- less they can be made higher, e re
o- the real purpose of the republican
a- leaders, whatever may be the promises
.d by which, before the election, they
a, may seek to bamboozle the voters.
to They are for protection, the highest al
to they can get, and to get it they will a'
V promise tariff reform, free silver coin
ts age, more pensions, comfort for the w
a- populists, offices for everybody, and t
>f anything else that is good for votes.- n'
ir Louisville Courier-.Tournal. P
Xn ci
AN INCAPABLE PARTY. as
a
it Incompetency of the Republesas  n
8I Shown by the Harrison Adinlfnstration.
The receipts of the government from re
as all sources for the fiseal year ending w
I- June 3, 1894, were 8296,960.8386, and the th
to expenditures, 8668,695,859. This shows q9
, a deficit of 869,633,023. The dull times at
he had much to do with the discrepancy, Ci
re but. the important fact to be consid- W
Sered in relation to it is the inadequacy *
_ of the existing revenue laws. When sp
n the McKinley bill was passed it was fo
e the boast of its friends that an in
it crease of the revenue would be the re- be
is suit. It increased the taxes, but ma- or
terially reduced the revenues, and the th
consequence is the deficit. se
- That this is true may be proved by Pl
f the records. There has been no defal
- cation on the part of any of the col- b
lecting agencies. No complaint comes ao
r of a lack of zeal in the collections. No Ot
.r money collected has been withheld at
from the treasury. The plain infer
l ence, therefore, is that the law is de
e fective, and the obvious remedy is in as
the change of the statutes. It will not pr
t do to rely on withholding payments,
,- as the Harrison administration did po
y during the closing months, or to issue of
r bonds now and then as the present ad
ministration was obliged to do once.
v The laws must be adjusted on such a
3 basis as will meet the conditions.
y No better evidence could be pre. SIN
sented of the incompetency of the re
t publican party to administer the gov
a ernment than the present condition of vet
1 the finances under the laws passed by of
t that party. It will be claimed, no lam
doubt, that during and for many years sei
s after the war, that party displayed its or
t, capability. But that was before the as
t control of the party passed from the ti
great men who organized it into the pli
hands of the boodlers who now direct rec
B its affairs. It is neither unfair nor un- sh
just to say that now there isn't a man e
s in the leadership of that party suffi Th
1 ciently equipped in statesmanship to an
frame a revenue law that would serve the
r the purpose of bringing the receipts sul
and expenditures of the government hti
anywhere nearly together.-Kansae the
i City Times. sa
POINTS AND OPINIONS. a1
-McKinley has always contended "w
that the presidential nomination the
should seek the man. He is keeping it
himself as prominently exposed as pos- aw
sible in order to minimise the difficulty bal
of finding him.-Detroit Free Press. '
- Conger, of Ohio, in denouncing to
McKinley and McKiuleyism, is calling hoi
down the wrath of party manipulators ho,
and narrow-guage organs on his de- pla
voted head. Vhat hurts and galls - is t
that he is telling the truth, a potent
force in political discussion with which wh
the g. o. p. leaders have as little as the
possible to do. Conger is stirring up a
the animals with a cattle puncher; plI
and the people are opening their eyes the
to the meaning of the resulting exhi. a
bition.-Detroit Free Press fall
-It is no new or extraordinary lea
thing for congress to extend the appro- ma
priations for carrying on the govern
ment for a period of thirty days. It A
has been done repeatedly before now wa
and without such a valid excuse. The anu
time of the senate has been all taken are
up with the consideration of the tari tanU
bill, and property so. The protest of nn
Senator Hoar against the adoption of t,
the concurrent resolution "extending fee
the appropriations was only another ail
expiring grasp of McKioleyism.-~Bos- per
ton Herald.
- 'The amount of income tax Pres- boi
iden t Cleveland would have had to pay," te
says a journal which holds thatqevery- -
thing the democrats do is w~.eta. d wit
everything the repnblicansdo isaet-, t
"would have been over one tabdig g ~a
dollars annually. The sugar trust
senators on the motion of Senator Hillw
hlave relieved him from the burdens of
this taxation." "The sngar trust men
ators"': is one of those shafts of truth
which "find mark theo srobr never wbe
meant," for the republiaan senatore ablo
ivoted solidly for S2eastir Bis aeiraq',g I
I --eouteineca8VW*oms
FARM AND GARDEN.
THE GUINEA FOWL.
0 Birds Which Deserve More Attenteon Ths
They Now Receve. .
There a good many varieties of this
bird, all of which are supposed to have
originated in Africa. The two kinds
I most generally known are the speckled,
or pearl, and the white, the former be
b ing the more common variety. They
are prolific layers during the summer,
season; they mature early, and their
flesh is fine and tender. The meat of
5 the white Guinea is white, the skin be
, Ing yellow; the speckled have dark
a flesh; both have a gamey flavor.
t The birds mate in pairs. They usu
ally commence to lay in May or June.
" The eggs, though small, are rich in
r flavor. The shell is very hard, and if
ý* the eggs are set under a hen, the nest
s should be filled with dirt and set in a
oool, moist place. The period of incu
I bation is twenty-six days. When
young, they are delicate, like turkeys,
r and continue so until they change their
coat of soft down for one of feather.'
l They should be fed and paged lilt
i young turkeys, and, 14e lem. will be
* inclined to seek high r , utshould
not be permitted to
Guinea fowls a 1
teeters of other ro the.
oUITEA FOWi.l
attacks of hawks, crows or rats, as they
are quick to give the alarm in a loud,
shrill cry, mos'i unpleasant to the un
welcome intruder. The only objections
to be urged against these birds are their
noise and quarrelsome habits. In the
poultry yard they are spiteful (espe
clally the cocks) to young chicks, and
are, generally speaking, of a very pig- 1
nacious disposition.
The young can easily be trained to I
run with hens, and when so reared
will not be so apt to quarrel with i
them. When first hatched they are 1
quite wild. but when kindly treated c
and often fed, they will become sufli- I
ciently tame to eat from the hand, and I
will not wander far from home. The 1
white variety are mopre tame than the I
speckled.
It is advisible to start keeping guinea ]
fowls by either purchasing eggs and
hatching them under domestic Lens,
or procuring them when young, when
they are more likely to localize them
selves to their owner's wish than if
purchased as older birds. If adult i
birds be purchased they will require a
boxing up for three weeks or a month t
and feeding carefully to tame them, t
otherwise they are liable to wander off e
at their own sweet will, possibly never v
to return. d
But in spite of these disadvantages, o
as a semi-domesticated bird, it is very v
profitable upon a farm or anywhere t
where it can have free range and c
plenty of liberty, clearing the grund v
of myriads of insect life, and being a p
small feeder in comparison with ordi- t
nary poultry.-N. Y. World.
FEEDING BY MACHINERY.
BlSmple Cembinaston of an Alarm (:lock
and a ~ew Batteries.
An electric horse feeder is a new in
vention brought out by Mr. Alderson,
of Chesterfield, for securing the regu
lar feeding of horses during the ab
sence from any cause of the stableman
or groom. The apparatus is described
as being very simple, the law of gravi
tation being depended upon to accom
plish most of the work. The first
requisite is an alarm clock, which
should be good enough not to stop
casually, but need not be expensive.
The electrical plant is that needed for
an ordinary electric bell, four cells of
the Leclanche type of battery being a:
sufficient for any distance up to two
hundred yards. The third portion of
the apparatus is the feeder-that is to
say, the vessel holding the corn or corn
and chaff, as the case may be. The
clock, which is the prime mover of the
whole concern, may be in the house,
the harness-room or anywhere, but if
it be more than two hundred yards 61
away from the feeder a more powerful
battery will be required.
To use the feeder the first thing is
to set the alarm of the clock at the
hour at which it is desired that the
horse should be fed. The food is then
placed in a tin-like biscuit box, which
is turned upside down and placed in
the proper compartment of the shoot,
when the lid of the box is drawn out,
the corn then resting upon the floor of y,
a trap-like arrangement. held in its
place by a simple contrivance. When o'
the alarm goes off a button is pressed
and the circuit is completed. A weight b]
falls, the bch.tom of the feed box is re
leased, and the corn falls out into the
manger.-Invention.
Mow to Weed the Calree.
After calves have had milk for four tt
weeks they will eat grain finely ground -t
and a little hay or grass. WVhen they
are three weeks old they may be w
taught to take a little mixed oat and ti
linseed meal from the hand, and in
two or three days will eat it from a se
feed box. A good substitute for the na
milk is oats. peas and bran . in equal w
parts, with one-fourth part of linseed, e.
ground together. 'This is mixed with w
boiling water or with cold water and
then boiled, adding a teaspoonful of
alt to a feed of four qaurts. To begin
with this the feeding -should com- b
i-e-e some days before the milk is te
take tvom them, and the grain he
pefiiration mixed with the milk, th
which bti gradually lessened until it is th
wholly withheld. If the calves have at
pasture this food may be gradually re- pc
ducneed until it is displaced by water, is
when the grain is giveu dry. Salt a
shoutld e given regularly, One tea- g
apeoaufti $5 pWepg [or 9hl we* St e
HANDLING rTATOES., ,
adleslos eraketlaw Drml s Imprtast.
as the lSaistg.
i The profit or loss in the cropdependws
, fully as much on the way it iscared for
is and marketed as upon its successful'
e production. As a rule it does not6r;.te
is the same amount of care and ingenuit ,..
to produce a good crop as it doea to
care for it and market it to the -best
Sadvantage and at the least cost.
I A great many products are injured
irby too much handling, and with thie
Scrude methods used it can hardly bes
i avoided. What is needed is an improve
ment in methods. The usual methods
for handling potatoes, for instance.
practiced by a majority of producers,
. Is to pick them up in baskets and empty
them into pits or into the wagon boZ4
a when they have to be handled again
it by hand or *ith a fork or shovel, and
either spend a good deal of time in
a' picking them up by hand or injure
them and start decay by bruising them
with shovel or fork. T. B. Terry, in his
t "A B C of Potato Culture." tells us a
better way.
Per several years I have been using
S.bushel boxes for marketing early pota
toes while the skins slip, and for
handling the crop in the field all
rough the season. This is one of the
o ways in which the potato specialist
can get ahead of the small raiser. I
) think we handle our crop for less than
half of what it used to cost us before
we got these boxes made. Our boxes
are 18 inches by 16 and 18 deep, all in- '
side measures. They were made/ra 
little deeper, to allow for shrinkage.,
The sides and bottoms are made of
three-eighths stuff and the ends of five
eighths. Hand holes are cut in the
ends.
The upper corners are bound with
Ivanized hoop-iron to make them
strong. The price paid for them was
from $25 to $80 a hundred at a box fac
y tory. Some light.wood should be used,
L, of course, so as to make them as light
L- as possible. They need not weigh
s more than six or seven pounds. Early
r in the season, while the skins slip, our
e potatoes are dug and laid (not thrown)
into these boxes, and the boxes are
I covered as fast as filled. They are
then safe from sun and rain till want
ed for market. The covers are simply
pieces of boards out about 15x18 inches.
I Dug one day and taken to market the
next and set off on the boxes at the
3 grocer's and then set by him into his
I delivery wagon and taken to his cus
tomers the consumer gets them just as
L nice and fresh as though lie raised
them himself. Of course, these boxes
s filled with potatoes" should be carried
on a spring wagon and covered by can
6 vas from sun and rain.
CHEAP FENCING MACHINE.
It Costs One Dollar and WUI Make Wire
and Picket Fence.
This machine will make wire and
picket fence and can be made for about
a dollar. Get a blacksmith to weld
together two 8-inch peeces of buggy
tire for two inches and leave the other
ends about half an inch apart the
whole 6 inches. A hole should be
drilled in both ends. Another similar
one should be made 534 inches long
with a hole in one end for a bolt and
two holes 13 inches apart in the
other for the wires. Put the end
with one hole between the two 6-inch
parts of the other and pass a bolt
through so that the middle piece will
swing freely. This for one pair of
wires. Each pair needs one of these.
Fasten these at the welded part to a
piece of hard wood 2 inches square and
834 feet long by making a little mortise
to fit the welded part. boring a hole
and bolting fast.
The top and bottom ones should be
about 3 feet apart and a middle one
should be half way between. Bore
two holes in the 2x2 stick and put in
two pins for handles. Run the wires
through the two holes and the ma
chine is ready for work. The wire
can be crossed or given a full twist,.as
desired, and this is all that it will
stand and retain its full strength.
Make a tension by passing a good
strong bolt through three pieces of
13x4-inch hard wood at each pair of
wires and chaining fast to a post. The
tension is regulated by the bolts--F.
M. Mitchell, in Farm and Home.
SOME SHORT FURROWS.
He is always a slave who lives be
yond his means.
It is an easy thing for a lazy man to
overwork himself.
A shady fence corner is an irresisti
ble temptation to some men.
I never thought that a man could
ride heavenward on a sore-backed
horse.
I never enjoy a man's theories about
the government who cannot manage a
-en-acre patch.
The worm in the whisky distillery
will do more damage to the farmer
this summer than the cutworm.
It seems to be a much easier thingto -
set down and formulate a system of
national finance than it is to go to
work and earn an honest dollar. Hon
e-t dollars are made only by hard
work.-Ameriecan Agricultarist.
SThe Beet Always Sells.
A ready market always exists for the
best. When a farmeri 'dces a bet
ter article than the arket oneati .s
he will not only secure woial ,si
therefor. but the markit wvill ee iahI
the next season. The amounte 4,'
and vegetables, butter,. e .e.- L -
poor animals abippedle the
is enormous, and st.s fall
such ertioles bfliot b
W i