epal
ii,
Wore Than Pl~ased
.Joh
With Hood' raparlla-or Tt al
ter and Blood Impurities n
stresuger aees4 Better Asr Beas W s?*e*. in
I have been more than pleased with bood's
Sarsaparilla. 1 have suffered with totter bresak- met
tng out on my face and all over my body all my disc
life. I never could find anything to do t good ro
until Ibegan to take Hood's Sarsaparilla. I m
bave now used about eight bttries, ndOhithas
done me so much good that I have the utmost 9
Sood'ssa Curoes re
•faith in it and recommend it to everyone. Besides gr
purifying my blood, it has made me so much Fi
stronger and bettr do not feel like the same
person at all." ANvNI ARSE, Augusta, Cy..
Hood'm ille act easily, yet promptly se did
emclentlyW thuo liver antl bowels. iSe, the
oA Natural Food.
Conditions o the e
the system arise od- r
when ordinary de i
foods cease to an
build flesh- e ail
there is urgentr
need of arrest- mt
ing wasteu-aistance must
come quickla from natural
food scra. n g cd
Scott's Emulsion a
is a condensation of the life I
of all foods-it is cod-liver hi
oil reinford, made easy of
digestion, anid alry st as
alatable as milk. a
Prepared by Scott & Bowne,. I Y. A!ll druggSias.
ing y pto
GAeritna pan
My acquaintance Boschee's n
Gereman Syrup was made ut four
teen years ago. I coneed a cold
which resulted in a hoarien and t
g my pulpit for a number o.Eb- E.
baths. After trying ,a phys n., .
without obtaining reliefI saw the
advertilsement of your remedy and
obtthie Boast Im ri ui
WUSyKR's I]luTiBTIOnAL DIrcIOUART
Sbueholi, and beb
- t a pa'L ,
hut oEli.
IIIQt t n through te "
Sclear sharp O3, .each voRepu
T the gh somer t rss a
in '80 th ati ti`'
wen 00 o u r t he gt fit
t been amo false t,
A t loperators longs
= ManY, h waenough to know ri
' •Spria hen a youngpe breg
the east w asp
pAce in charge sh
of a linome up into rs a
in the Sierrh e- ha
perien telegrapher before, but sa
Johnny Greene a fwasivwht proved more
and oreover entirely ignorant ofng the self.
Senough to know roof
themways of the west
etter keep an eye on that young thea
g reenhorn from sight
placed in chn argndertonee were
owent o dty the fine uprst eveninto ing
Sis full of t he hokera of easterne
blada I had struck manyuse an explosion
he gea western match." as
Sing his infeior ability as an operator. and
onl In the afterzn h received a "brokenm
kmessage" fom a mountain station. Th
perienced telegrapher before, but pst
Johnnyuse hreene was what proved moreuntain
to hto dsae inexange-a little bit fresh get
and moreover entirel, ignorant oert of the quwire
ways of the westi your
"Better keep an eye on that young man
Smaukreeived very quietly, and JKeer knen,
in an"indertone to me when the fresh- the
nan wentofll f duty the first evening.
"He is full of the choker of eastern shoe
thblueff, and. it may cauoners an exfolplosion if anwed.d
et he geanwh western match." less
Johnny a biggeot through the next morn- old
ing with no worse mishap than expos
. ingdhis inerio r ability as an operator. and
lever was In the aftler ksceive a "bctke mar
reak- message, werome tramontin station.r own
SdJohintedny wirntenced his name and long stops on,
goand rosed hien grew sarasHetooi. The mountain
t pleased the young mman to be inexperiencchad-whngt te
most graph ope ators call "a plug"-and, cetios
growing impstiet ousent over the wire oast
a fotrng of expletive abuse. This was
received very quietly, and Jerh"
si The growing elated, gave a good dealThe e.
nuch Finally' the mountain. b,,prator sent
same back terse "'Please sign.
nexThs the young m' from the east
Swetdid boldly, I kinew also the addressof what
the firm. Moro.eoanversation followed.
Meanwhile thdejnshman was wiring
to a biggpassed, but wasie than he knew-the
& friends of the uuntain operator. In
about twenty sthtions up the line thead
lever was clicking, the clerquestonratedng
by thelengthiforni and character of the mes-ining
sage, were transcribing for their own
amusement. do, stranger Your name
Johnny Gired his name and address,
and then grew sarcastic. The mount
"N operator said little, but finally sent o
word he would be in San Francisco
soon." Then something prompted m e
It pleased the young man to change cus
ust histone ation thim. He replied facetiouen- yO
ra r 'y: Comesaying hipped many a bet- a t
r with Gbeforeenbreakfast Thirswould wait for is
gore! Came out on the Pacifiunt coast a-hi
for the express purpose of clearing out s
a score of you old 'forty-niners.' " ble
This happened one afternoon. The m
Ynext, as the men were going hail duty thi
lif t 1 went down. I knewre alittle of what im
iver had passed. bt was ignorant of the of
air Of to which the greenhorn had ha
compromised himself. a
as Standing below, and questioning
each clerk as he passed, was a thin, re]
spare man on the wrong side of forty. av
H' n e had the appearance of a typical th
Californian from one of the mining W
towns, wore a grizzled eard, abrlikueex
shirt, wide-awake, and had a couple of do
mr "Pode straight for me. tia
S "pistol, d'ye do, stranger? Youraname I
Johnny Gireene?" at
"No," said i, "but he'll be down tg
soon."' Then something pramptod me
to question him. He was very reticent,
:hee' merely saying he had importante usi- al
four- nevers with reene and would wait for
a cold him. Failing to get at what I wanted I
Sfill- bldemanded: "AreWhat in bri you Ienjie llitwell
from -," naming the mountain sta- et
, tion where the freshman's abusive ce
message had gone the afternoon be- ai
w t he fore. re?"
y and "Ye," was the reply; "I hailfrom ii
quick that town. I am here to shoot Grene. o
hesi- It was only the ludicrous side of the
. afyoair that fointrced tself on me"then. f
J uppressint my mirth as best I could, I ou
b ~'e gJ\: 2IaW'f
.on. :-a''9s..'.. Teig
-io - Ts e it;d at  t*isU . olltivae
natraieeijr jn all it lie had e o .per .ee
Ither, addr wit tout seeand witha IS Thee s
"iYou d't mean t° ay that you i weigh
"rnUyobats to beiad a `L on beh" h
l"I mean e .4 hoo t htm he o swer8d
S;ight. ha$I9u *i"o rm o the 'e se
ihat tw hi pped many a better man -1 a1
!Jhe should hide or wo outo of d the way ob nd psd
this nitrs- fact ementd withal so do- grow
tYos a aong't mean to say that yOU will s e
Sbringyo- i battery to bear on him?" 1 which
the abuse oot him"ved, and he answered tei
pleasantly; Uitd t°iM.`. bft, at ias- largel
Sidthe itrthbyag man frtom the east mon
haie mwhipped mantoom abettr man ow about
tore bOtherwisth be saw o ud ason why acre.eces
she shouldto inhide or go out of the way of in the
his evening's- amusement. The opera- by se
Stors all along to line could swear to nels a
the abuse-he bl received andhe gavefore, latter
d the frehdetend msn from tsue ast just nitroh
( five minutes tocome out and show him' used i
e self. Otherwiseolde shounld ftain mns fieces p
Ssnary to invade the eitude rnd blow the than
w roof b$ 9ibiing Oreene's head. fuel.
se I bra seen angry men before, but fed to
kg the safitsdeend me from such another that t
in sight. bhe old- mountain man's face fiosve
as was the colort of patty, but his eyes and c
s were blazing, and every fiber of his be- extra
to ing shook wTth suppressed wrath, are ji
Oe 1 was mute, and could do nothing that
save cary ~ ny paralyzing intelligence perlo
ut upstairs. "'He is a regular fire eater, food
re Johnny! Gives you just five minutes to poun
h. get down! His own life is of no conse- a p
he quence, but he must and -ill take pound
yourst" Upon hearing which the young kern
ng man bad a total collapse, and on his other
der knees begged and prayed me to pacify is e
ih- the man waiting for him below. rath
Ig. My mind was made up that nothing ton
rn short of blood would wind up the affair, used
if and I had no desire to see again, much turis
less try to conciliate the wrath of the
rn- old mountaineer.
o°' But my frequent passing to and fro,
or. and the excitement of the fresh young The
en man, had attracted the attention of
h he night manager, who had just- come TC
3ps on duty. He volunteered to go down stay
sin and have a look at the flieater, and this
ele- reported: "He is the td est of his do
ad, gang. I know him by sight. Dee' ~
ire or
Vrss peer
e bloe
3. m. s yw
ed.t I N up
it the i
-all at
In hers
the yea
iwon and
a motaer a steor
dent &N HIS SNEER BEOQ4f AND PRAYED. nex
isco but
shot! Grown up with the country. Its laou
hge customs are his law. lie will h aveh pla
ns- yonr blood, Greene, if he has to travel ma
bet a thousand miles to get it! And there for
for is no jury out here that will convict go
oast him if he kills pyou." w
out I don't know which was more tercy.- ne
ble to witness, the deep wrath of the out
The mountaineer orthe cowering fright of for
uty, the young man. the e clung to us and car
hate implored us to go down and get terms of
the of capitulation; and as a last argument cry
had bade us tell the old fellow that he had Vo
"All right," and said the man, quietly;ster.
ceing We thought him of no use to either
thin, relative but his cravenninet coy."ardice
rty. awakreened off ort of contemptuous pity
pical that urged us on our errand of mercy.
ning We collected a few of the night clerks, hy
blue explained matters to them, and went ivem
e of down to tste old man in a body. me
He "owme, now, said the night manager, put by
ting on a told front, "w know you, and Tg
ame I know what you are here for. But I ov
am boss, and will not allow s fight in It
owcomplete ignorance of the oocustoms owe
d me "All right," said the man, quietly; c
ceunt, "Il here for him, if he stayd
busi- above rhe's ninety."
t for "Have a go at him, Luke," whispered
fnted Will ierner aside. "If you can't get
Isaid Greene off none of us can."
twllell Above, th freshort young man from the
Lsta- east was trying to give flavor to hie
naiThe case b rolling on the floor in misery
be- and uttering frequent. Lgroens indicative
of his lahist hour. The mountain mae
from listened and his eyes blazed with scora
ene." when I vent up to him.
f th "Cmthe night opew, strangetors joined me begand,
buthen. faintly enough, re knees for that green
uldhorn's lifeI Iman ae you a great deal of talk, buthe
tum was only in fun, and he has not lived
At longast the sidan esrom the simountaned in
complturned round oranced spat onof the customs ofr.
thist was oury, and sw ner. It saidled as plain
firearm in his life. If you kill hime it s
wlnot worth kilngshort of willful murder.
Then, too, hmade overhas a mother and ster youngt
next morning the is noterms of the treaty
were compiednst womiten. ALet itpasse o'clck
regretsene sent over by withe the most abffair.
of the night operators joined r framed, and a
put inevery station on the liner, was rung upall
bu t go on our knees forto me that ren
ha coward's short memory must be the
tpecublings ard dipensation of providences from t
absome madere us blush to voindence his cause.
ty oung Greene in Boston, and while the oor
thea-orha a ourt oldser. Imount sain man, he i
is was talking to a riend on Washiniton i
snot worthu killing"
ibs or awhilen Couldn c t d it thoug h,
you know. The ni5thquikes bothered
n n ext morning the terms of thein treat
iten ereled, askcomplied: "with At ey iea'ed eaclc
o iter ugly"een sent over by wi"eh, wel then, most a
horse- I am east again. It seemsn them yetha"-t
 w [!ai .. w.eas-.
.apota 4a90 5) that the averagsi know
per aer w hs been rabout s buashel osher
The large striped or mammoth Russian  e h
weighed nearly 17? pound to the' pay. t
bushel, .yieding nearly 22 per cent, or ing no
five and three-fourths pounds of oil man w
I Icar blMnk giant of tafill seed weighed resoisi
3 }itso tfids to I isahdi, yiielding it } A plot
ly .s1 per cent., or six and two-this in a
pounds of oil. The sunflower has been trade
grown in Russia as a farm crop for millioa
half a century. The small black by loo
i seeded variety is grown for its oil to get
i which takes the place of all other veg- fresh
etable oils in many parts of Russia. ive c
b 'he lafi'e striped-sedxed sort is Utsed nothic
i largely as a dainty food by the Cm- eggs,
mon people. The average yield is them
* about 44 bushels or 1,850 pounds per mind
Sacre. Sunflower3tied oil is extracted the m
in the same wanner as cottonseed oil, his n
by separating the hulls from the ker- The
0 nels and expreUq g the oil from the these
, latter. tbunflo4 seedcake is a highly them
t nitrogenous cattle food, and is largely We
u sed in Germany and England for that suppi
purpose. The halls or shells are more hold I
* than half of the seed and are used for last s
fuel, and thastalks and seed cups are lives
it fed to sheep. Chemical analyses show acres
er that the hulls of both varieties of sun- groc
e flower seed contain more protein, fats Febri
m and crude fiber and less nitrogen free Marc
e- extract than cotton seedhulls. which shella
are just half the seed. This indicates when
IN that they are at least equal, if not su- price
e perior, to cotton seed hulls as a cattle Oh,
r, food. Whole cotton seed weighs 80 man
to pounds to the bushel, yielding nearly the I
e 0' 2 per cent., or five and four-fifths must
Ice pounds of oil Thus sunflower-seed bush
W kernels contain the most oil, and the tion
is other nutrients show that after the oil ar 1
fy is expressed, the sunflower cake i dair3
rather more nutritious than the cot- ot o
g ton seed cake. which is now largely mak
ir used in the south.-American Agricul- the 1
ch turist. age
he - soon
BRAIN WORK PAYS. TI
O, The Farmer WVho Leads Is the One That cUtl
ag Makes the Money. Is th
me Too many of us get into a rut and mak
n stay there. We plant and sow and reap sace
nd this year just as we have ever done. We
his do not strike out into new paths, and
t we get into a new way it is after only
some one else has pointed it out and
perhaps picked all the flowers that w
bloomed along its sides. Very often a driv
little thought will lead us into more pair
profitable ways, and in these times the hen
farmer finds it necessary, absolutely
a necessary, to get out of the old ruts.
Some years ago a friend of ours plowed
up ten acres of new lend and planted
it in cucumbers. His neighbor% laughed
at him. lie made pickles of the cucum
bers and sold the crop for $1,000. Next
year everybody around him plan&ted cu
cumbers and made nothing. Anothez
friend in another section grew an ac7e
and a half of onions. He thought he
would try it, never having tried it be
fore. His crop was about 500 bushels,
which he sold for $1.10 per bushel. The
.ED. next year all his neighbors greiy onions,
but as it happened the price was very
Its low. We know a farmer who this year
ave planted 270 acres of sweet corn and
avel made a profitable thing of it. We look
iere for about everybody who hears of it to
vict go to raising sweet corn next year,
when down will come the price. We
erri- need to study how to make changes in
the our work and how to make them be
t of fore other people. But we should be gi
and careful about entering upon a branch bat
rms of production when it is likely that ev- br
nent erybody else will take it up.-Farmers of
had Voice. hao
ther GOOD MEAT SMOKER. the
ne:
Adice A evice That Cools the Smoke Before I lin
pity Reaches the leat. bri
trcy. It is important in smoking meat, b
rrks, hams, mutton, beef or fish that the
rent smoke is cooled before it reaches the tui
meat. This may be easily accomplished mE
put- by the device shown in the illustration. esi
and The smoke is generated in the usual
hit I way and imparts a rich sweet flavor. ne
it in It is carried in a flue of metal, brick or th
wood to the smoke house where the h
etly; ho
stays h ab
,ered an
At get
a the y w
o hia
isery
an i
scorn m
egan,
'oung -
r, but i
lived n a s
ed in
ms of h be
lied a
im t meat is hung and its intflow h is regu
Irder. lated by the damper D, which may be
sister turnedl by the handle in the smoker.
Swc Another flue at C allows for the dis- P
.H churge of the smoke. By a simple ar
rangement, such as showan, the meat is
everal hung by a peg which can be turned
e and around upon a metal poat as shown.- i
id all Farmn and nome.
( rc'n- Discovery or a New Grain.
Sthe A traveler in the Himalayan moun
from tain region has discovered that the
cause. natives of that country cultivate a
tains grain hitherto unknown in civilized
oor. agricultural operations, which has
plain soemething the look of wheat, but has o
e is very much longer ears, and which has
a peculiar inward curve. The shiny,
young brown grain, unlike wheat is, on the
The other hand, much smaller than wheat
treaty grains should be for so large an ear. t
'clocle But the interest is that a cereal of this (
oat ab character should yield such heavy crops
d, and in so high an altitude, where the sea
ang ip sons are necessarily short and the tem
perature low. The natives call the
e that grain kownee. It would be well to
it be a look after this kownee grain in conanec
ince to tion with our higher northwestern
yipwth agricultural interests. It would seem
Isaw that such a plant might succeed even
aile the in southern Alaska, where turnips, po
awtul tatoes and similar cold country vege
lan, he tables are known to succeed fairly well.
iinghton iLeMese Caused bay Mud.
. This from Iowa: A strange and
try it fatal disease has broken out among the
though, horses in the mud girt regions of
othered Pocahontas and surrounding counties.
"Mud fever" it is called, and its effect
ig that is to stiffen a horse's legs so the animal
d quar. finally becomes unable to move. The
ad each symptoms are very much like rheuma
el then, tism, and it is thought the excess of
yet."- mud is the cause of the disease. Many
hoses have dIed from its effects.
o Ss uros oehemi. It
n W k s ownd who has the
thse n
knoW tfiiat pdtltt> fsrmianý: tile h
oihn a ew yeof farming, illedup , ftiy al
ot~raoin, fresh eg nearly half a F, tell
aged right The 4ividee that it will
pay, that it has paid asldu that it is pBy
g now is oerwhnlminguy. It pwas the o
man hokng up thow and who haows the
requsite kg ad ba. aubility.
I A iof the i afirma in this city has wirth I
in a few years , Woked up d- fumily - Buit
trade in fresh eggsgs of nearonly hahelf a io carn
milleop dozen annually. It was done p Si
by them-loiwhen unp theared-for henso howave atientl
to got eggs in the winter seaslon, when orelz
fresh eggs are a luxury. A representa- callnye
live of the firm said to ins: "We care
n nothing for the man who can furnish "Cua
eggs only wheni aly yfOol can furnish palient
them-when uncared-for hens have a Im in ta
r mind to lay them.. We are looking for burey
d the man who can send us eggs when all order
I, his neighbors' hens are frozen up." - *"ya
" They have found quite a number of would
e these wide-aw4al men and are paying I learr
y them good prices for their eggs. nme I
Y We understand they take the year's O
It supply, winter and summer, simply to Dues
e hold the winter product. We referred o mu
r last winter to one of those men who teue.
e lives near Orrville, 0. He has a few
acres of land and keeps 800 hens This Duse
a- grocery firm sent him 869.80 for his tide u
is February eggs last winter, and m I Boc
e March 4 to 11, one week, his fls
3h shelled out 1V0 to 158 eggs per day, just Tfas
e when they were bringing the tallest a a
u- prices. powde
le Oh, yes, poultry-keeping pays the
80 man who puts brains, energy, skill and A oe
1y the necessary capital into it But it pie e
s must be made an all-the-year-round
ed business. If you ghie the hens a vaca- hou
he tion let it be in the summer when eggs i chu
il are low and poultry not wanted. The
is dairyman who feeds the heads off a A
t- tot of dry cows during the winter never Barn
17y makes it up during the summer, and No
ul- the poultryman who lets his hens man- get r
age the business as they please will
soon require an assignee. Tn
The man who quietly submits-to cir- isck
last cumstances in any branch of business
is the man who gets left. The man who A i
nd makes circumstances is the man who sa
rap succeeds. -Ohio Farmer. man.
WeTn
nd FOUR-HORSE TEAM. th
ter only Two Lines Needed for Oulding the -Pt i
Ind Animal Quartette.
hat We illustrate herewith a device for IT
a driving a four horse team with a single able
ore pair of lines. Take an ordinary pair of
the heavy lines, the checks of which will Mi
ely dun.
ts A
bed an t.
ext A
^"u-ture
her C v
. d e*e leuc
hIe I
be- For
lels, unti
rhe ton.
ens, CI
eery ph
rear the
and Rec
look I
it to -*
ear, has
We Cot
s in LINES FOR FOUR HORBEB. .
be guide the two middle horses. Just
Inch back of the place where the checks too
Sev- branch off, buckle two other checks
which will guide the two outside horses
of the team, passing through their
hame rings in the usual way and over
the back of the middle horse which is
next to him. That is the checks of one
re line will attach to rings a naa of the
bridles and those'of the other to rings
Let, b b b b so that pulling either line will
the turn all of the horses. The length to
shed make the outside (extra) checks can be
estimated pretty closely and they can
isual be made longer or shorter as may be
needed to work properly by means of fed
wor the buckle. A single pair of lines with aP
Sthe "jockey sticks" on the two o do fie
horses could be used, though that s an T
awkward way and a rather uncomfort- wIt
able arrangement for the horses.- -Or- P
ange Judd Farmer. th
FACTS FOR FARMERS.
RUSHES are degraded lilies. S
SOAPSU1DS are excellent manure. hu
CoRn can be fed cattle without shuck- a
ing. Ni
Tinex fat in a cheese determines its
market value.
IT does not pay to raise a calf from a
poor or ordinary cow.
STrAW and oil cake meal form a good
substitute for good hay.
CABBAGE not fully ripe will winter
better than that matured.
Cows should be allowed as much pure
regu- water as they will drink.
sy be EEDLESS apples are said to have been
oe produded at Columbus, Ore.
e ar- ENOLAND is officially reported free
eat is of the foot-and-mouth disease.
urned A MODERATE-sized, highly-cultivated
an.- farm is the most profitable.
CREAM should invariably be removed
from the milk before it is sour.
To StAKE your fruit sell well, it must
moun- be carefully picked and packed.
IT the 1 is well to consider the mutton as
iite a rst and the wool as only secondary.
ha~se T strawberry will adapt itself to
t has and bear some fruit on almpost any soil
ch A cOATr of manure is one of the best
shiny, mulches for anything of a tender char
on the acter.
wheat SHEYEP thrive better it kept in the
n ear. open air as long as the weather will
ofthis permit·
Scrops M.LK which shows less than three pet'
he sea- sent. of fat is not profitable for cheese
etcm- making.
11 the Orx.Y use milk from healthy cows,
ell to and not until at least five days after
onnec- alving.
estern MILK readily absorbs odors, hence it
seem is important that all the surroundings
deven be pure.
Sv- The Cost of Eggs In winter.
y If a large amount of feed isgiven the
hens, and they do not lay, each egg
will be costly, hence the feeding is not
e and so much a matter of economy in price
mug the as economy in lessening expenses by se
ons of curing greater production. If a pound
unties. of meat costing ten cents will promote
s effect the laying of two or three eggs, it isl
animal cheaper than grain at any price it no
. The eggs are obtained. It is rery plain,
heuma- therefore, that the cheapest food to use
es ; of is that which will make the nens lay,
Many ' and this I aelso regulated by the warmth
of the poultry house
Yo,
and rosl. Royal BaInL }g
:indisensable in their
----Tid-Bis kide--~~
et. tell 1eb arýy oUwould t__r.  a o This
h id fel." lddett ell ir. Id tom
rt- shlould first-- . I P. (imp- d
stinC-L yes go o." . tudent ther.
seied withre a brllh t idea)--'m id no t Jane e
ell you In for. consultatio." Passes with e
bonors. aTid-Bits. ksd*
"CAN'T you wait upon mel" said the imn - disol
patient customer. '-Two pounds of liver.
I'm in a hurry." "Sorry," said the butcher; 'b s
"hut there ae twoor three ahead of you. glor
Surely, you would not have yourliver out of pie
orderP"-Boston Transcript. " - d
S"Yas. I do enjoy the music greatlyr, and,
would you believe it, can't remember when A.
I learned to dance." Miss ( bimp-"Dear may
me! Now, perhaps you neve "dn"itr sati
Ocean. .06 it
IDrars-"Blamed if I ean understand why
so much of this Chicago beef should be -
tough." )onksr"-HlltuohlI Guoess you werea
never in Chisego.'--Buffalo Courier.
DEsaltvNo Corn-iccu.--There is no ar
ticle which so richly deserves the entire
confidence of the community as B aoW (n
BeourcluI o TntoctIs. Price, d centas.
Tazas's no objection to a girl's making up
a face in the privacy or tier own. room c-c
oasionally, prohiding she doesn't do It with
powder and paint. Somerv'llo Journal.
A Dos, in Time Savo Nine of Hales
Honey of Horehound and Tar for Coughs.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one miaute.
You can't tell what a man will do in a
horse trade by the amount of noise lhe makes
in church.-Rtm'as Horn.
A CauPExyTER's BILL.-TO hanging two
Barn doors and myself, 4s. 6.
No o''can hang up a bad habit and for
get where it is.-Galvston News. t
TIE greats trouble with the budding gen
ins is that he is usually nipped in the bud. t
Puck. Re
o A woIIAN always hopes for the best. Fs
o pecially Is this so when it is a sealskin
sacque she is looking for.-Yonkers States- ti
man. Is
Tnu most pathetic college cry is that of n
the youth whcse remittance failed to arrivt.
o. - P la mndealer. _o
IT is a consolation when another mall Ic a
In trouble to thilink that it will prove a valu b
0 able lesson to him.-Atchison Globe. a1
d
iMEncnANT-"What is the hardest part of I
your worlk l"-Bill Collector-"WWhen it is ail
duu."--N. Y. Journal.
Sfi--"Trulv, dear. I am the very first.
woman you have really loved!" He - n
"Great gulls, no; but you're tho first worn.
an that would listen while I told it."-Inter j
Ocean.
A D)EMUnErt.--"hlts Griggsis the pie
turo of health. isn't slhe" "Well--uln
es. But I don't think it is well paintcd."
puck.
LAW sometimes mixes tenses inexplicably.
For instance. a transg-ressor is never tined
until he is found.--Kuto Field's Washing- I
ton.
CRAtnLt-"WVhat have you done about the
physician's advice to take physical oxsr
cisoe" Fiweddy - "I'ncweaised the size of
the chwysanthcenum I weab." - Chlicago
Record.
WATrre-"What is true politeness?' Tait
--"Saying that you forgive a in mn when he
has just trodden on your corns. "--Boston
Courier. -
"WnAT is the matter with Spriegins?"
,tAlplhabotical derangement." ,Whlat do
tyou mean i" "Not enougih v's and x's andI
ks too many I. O. U.'s."--V. ashinigtou Star.
er i in the hand of a Surgeon
gives you a feeling of
t 1s horror and dread. There
ne is no longer necessity for
hits use in many diseases
formerly regarded as in
Igs curable without cutting.
il The Triumph of
to Conservative Surgery
be is well illustrated by the
afact that
be RUPTURE is now rad
of caty cured without the knife and without
ith pain. Clumsy. cnhafing trusses can he thrown
away! They never cure but often induce in
ide flmmation. strangulation and death.
anTUMORS Ovarian. Fibroid (Uterine) and
/an l many others, are now removed
,rt- without the rils of cutting operations.tu
Or- PILE TUMiRS, however large. tula
the lower bowel, are permanently cured with
out pin or resort to the knife.
STOME in the Bladder, no matter how
sluL large, is crushed, pulverized. wash
ed out and prfectly removed without cutting.
STRICTIIDRE of Urinary Passsge is also
Sremoved without cutting in
hundreds of ase. For pamphlet, references
tak- andall pMrticulars, send 10 cents (in stamps)
to World's Dispensary Medical Associatlon.
No. 663 Main Street. Buffalo. N. Y.
- Makes hard water soft
I('"- -Pearline. Every 1voman knows just
what that means to her. Washing in hard
water is so difficult, and the results so poor!
Pearline reduces the labor, whether you
use soft water or hard. But use Pearl
ine, and it's just as easy to wash
t with hard water as with soft water
-and the results are just as good.
Pearline saves more things
than your labor, though. We'll tell you of these savings
from time to time. Keep your eye on Pearline "ads."
Send eddlrs and some unscrupulous grocers will tell you" this is as good as
or "the same as earline." iT'S FALS_--Pearline is never peddlea
- Back and if your erocer sadt you something in place of Pearlinc, b
it goodnest i backr JAMES PYLDI New Yor-k.
r/.
]_Justa scoodh i aocr tatd,
w a ý"r I s w t at'. w. w a n t . ch1rm f a r rx w a
ne mmax er rpl
toms, beige; smitug
stomach between mel
there.sfterWr jg
disorders. .- -
pie will probablY neiv ` 1a
e over their. al
A. n ~au sT Drugarit, Bseib h ea
ias: .;Hatl's C(atarrh Curew- Og
nsatnfgctioe. Can get plen-ty ro e
m it curesevery one lo rnak F _ ....
gluts sel itn, -. .
KINOWLEDW..
Brlngs comfort mnd impiove fent asnd
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more,p with
Sdaptin the world's best productm to
the needs of physical being, will attest
- the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
Sre medy, rup o Figs.
e Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acoeptablo and pleas
, ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
u. beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, -sdaches and fevers
o and permanently cring constipation
met with the approval of the medical
st. profesJon, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
Senng them and it is perfectly free from
cevery objectionable substance
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
'- gists in 50c and $ bottles, but it is man
,_ ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
'j and being -sell informed, you wil not
g- accept any substitute if ofered.
oCASTIN "WORKS.
SI Machinery and Machinery Supplies.
ton o. wri.e tr. Oprqfi&
Z'llsao'PO u.
s " rMsaassll i .ns J'u.1 we
Ely's Cream Balm
_ I_ quCLY cUREs
COLD IN HEAD
Mn- iM. Mtemphis Tenn.
and W"o Tn.rza n s Te3ar. roJ
1 ATt. M. n .o Memphis. Teon
A;g AN. K., F. 1476
[es n( R ITING TO JDVE TrzLuU PLEAMSI
sn.0 thaI se sawO A dv.rtiwst aS 0U