Salt Rheum
r ie kout on our little girls face. Her hands
-" swllad and blisters formed and later broke
vab "i -Th itohins and burning sensation was
Ho od's Sarsaparilla cured her. It
M *like a miracle. Her blood has become puriaed
ad blerf esh soft and smooth." MRs. ANNA L.
C.raUx. 401 East 4th Street, Duluth, Minnesota.
Hood's Pills eure liver ills, biliousness,
onstiipation. jaundice. sick headache. Sae.
OOUCHS, OOLDS,
INCIPIENT SONSUMPTION.
LOUIS COOK. NEW OalANS, savs : "I t gives
me great leasure to be able to say that Locock's
Cogh Dldir is the best prearatton for coughs
ar colds I ever used-and I have ua. a good
asany. I cheerfully recommend it."
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
PRICE, OOe. and sOO.0
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CO.
New eaOemi as .
luereased Appetite
is one of the first good effects
felt by users of Scott's Emulsion
of cod-liver oil with Hypophos
phites. Good appetite begets
health.
Scott's Emulsion
is a fat-food that provides its
own tonic. Instead of a tax up
on appetite and digestion it is a
wonderful help to both.
Scott's Enutsion ar
rests the progress of
Consumption, Bron
chitis, Scrofula, and
other wasting diseases
by raising a barrier of
healthy f'esk, strength
and nerve.
Prepared by Scott & rowe.. N. Y. All druggistt.
"German
Just a bad cold, an hacking
cough. We all suffer that way some
times. How to get rid of them is
the study. Listen-" I am a Ranch
man and Stock Raiser. My life is
rough and exposed. I meet all
weathers in the Colorado mountains.
I sometimes take colds. Often they
are severe. I have used German
Syrup five years for these. A few
doses will cure them at any stage.
The last one I had was stopped in
24 hours. It is infallible." James
A. Iee, Jefferson, Col.
WALTER BAKER & CO,
COCOA and
GHOCOLATE
Highest Awards
(medal sad Diplomas)
Worlt nblan
On te followiag ariels
ZA,.- . FAST fcK L
FIRIUI I.. S IS IT : 1
the De L~4ng
Hooak &
.uBroahmsm~
Pb~~trlkdl~pbia.;
'~~ei;m. AiRdS.
IA¶tMERl PLA'T'E
LIME INfl, AGRiOULFrURE,
a "airporams lmeaat .- the soun ner I
Propse Vemlueas.
It may be said, that the difference a
between lime and gas lime is that the a
latter is common lime that has made d
various combinations with the impuri- e
ties it has absorbed from the gas of t
which it has acted as a filtei. The I
most important of these impurities is I
muiphuric acid, and so far as this has 1
combined with the lime,it has changed c
the lime into sulphate, simply gypsum c
or plaster. But there is a large quan- I
tity of other impurities in the crude I
gas which are taken up and removed a
by the lime. The lime is used in the
form of an intimate mixture with
water (milk of lime) and. the gas is
passed through this semi-liquid, being
thus freed from every impuri- i
ty that combine with the lime.
These impurities are carbolic acid, I
sulphuric acid, sulphureted hydrogen 1
and sulphurous acid. Thus the waste
lime, when it has been exhausted, be- I
comes to the largest extent carbonate 4
and sulphate of lime, with a consider- I
able proportion of sulphureted hydro- 4
gen held in the moisture of the gas I
lime. It is this uncombined gas to
which the intolerable odor of the fresh
gas lime is due, but this escapes by
evaporation in a short exposure to the 1
atmosphere. So that gas lime is
valuable first for the sulphate of lime
it may contain, next for the carbonate 1
of lime it has in it (this is not so much
as there is of the sulphate), next for
whatever little uncombined lime may I
remain, and this is so small a quantity
as not to be worthy of notice.
Then the other substances it con
tains-the sulphurous acid and the
sulphureted hydrogen-are positively
injurious, and the lime : 11
its fresh state to the land will
kill all vegetationby the caustic effects
of these two acid substances. So that
the gas lime is quite difficult to be
given away, and for any use the farm
er can put it to, the best is to make
roads of it, and there will be no weeds
on them to annoy him afterwards for a
long time. If mixed with coarse gravel
this kind of lime will make really good,
hard, serviceable roads and foot paths
on a farm. But if it is to be used as a
fertilizer, for the useful parts of it, it
must be kept exposed to the air for at
least a year. Or it may be used on a
weedy fallow with good effects if the
land lies a year or more.
As good lime may be procured very
cheaply, and more of it may be hauled
at a load than of the wet, heavier gas
lime, this is hardly worth accepting as
a gift, even were it delivered free on a
farm. But the term air-slaked lime
needs some explanation. When lime is
exposed to the air it first absorbs moist
ure to the extent of about one-third
of its weight, and falls to a very
fine powder. This fine division exposes
almost an infinitely extensive surface
of it to the air, and the greediness of
the lime for carbonic acid, which exists
abundantly in the air, causes it to re
turn quickly to its previous condition
of carbonic, as it was in the limestone.
This greatly reduces its value as a fer
tilizer, because it takes from it its
caustic qualities, upon which thelarger
part of its value, that of an active de
composing agent, rests. Thus the value
of the lime depends considerably upon
the length of time it has been in air
slacking, or exposed to the air after it.
On the coast lands of Virginia and
Maryland a large quantity of lime in
the air-slacked condition is brought
from Pennsylvania, and much of this
"has lost half its original value, but for
the light soils on which it is used it
seems to exert an excellent effect. -
Henry Stewart, in Country Gentleman.
FARM POULTRY.
fow to Improve the Stock and Enhance
Its Value.
The improvement of any stock de
pends upon one fundamental principle;
breeding only from the best. Improve
ments in all things can only be pro
duced in this way. In poultry breed
ing, as well as in other things, there is
always room for improvement. This
is most noticeable in the farm poultry,
but there has never been a bird raised
by the fancier that has reached per
fection, so there is still room for im
provement even among the most scien
tific breeders of the country.
The improvement of farm poultry
is of vast importance, and the
sooner the farmer realizes this the
sooner will he find the egg production
and weight of the fowls increase. If
eggs are what is wanted the size of the
fowl has little to do with it, but if
market fowls are wanted the size and
weight has about all to do with it.
How to improve farm poultry is the
question? The quickest and most suc
cessful way of improvement, in our
opinion, is to do away with all the com
moner mongrel stock, and keen only
pure bred. A stock of pure-bred fowls
are much easier bred and reared, within
the bounds of perfection, than a lot of
mongrels. T3ut even with pure-bred
stock care should be taken in breeding
lest they degenerate, and by in and in
breeding they become no better than
the commonest stock. There are some
farmers who have an aversion to keep
ing pure-bred stock, and to such we
would say, you are the very ones who
should first begin the improvement of
your common fowls. If in the spring,
say about February 1, you would select
only the best of your pullets, get a
strong, vigorous, heathy cock from
some of your neighbors, and breed
these, you would find the chicks
from them to be much healthier,
grow faster, mature earlier, and make
better fowls than the parent stock.
Then the following season select only
the best of these. Get another male
bird and breed in the same way. In
this way you are adding to the utility
of your stock and they will become
more productive and profitable. We
believe that if a pure-bred male is
bought every year that it will more
than pay for the cost in the weight
of spring chickens "at market time,
besides otherwise improving the
stock, In our own breeding we
never bred a male bird to his own
progeny. We would rather pay $5 or
$10 more for a male bird than to do
this It is also much better to breed
cooks to pullets and eockerels to hens
than to breed cockerels to pullets, and
for our own breeding we prefer hens
two or three years old. While old hens
are not so profitable as winter layers
the chicks'hatched from their eggs are
amdh stronger and develop into larger
sud iner fowls.-W. E. Kemp, in
farmerd' Home Journal
,~-~uttets Ionly cream from which
W auG easeine have been -we
-nmm 1aa audnan MI
-e e...ana. O0 s el 3arsm 1
he eabSrs.
"-My next neighbor, A. D. Croy one
of our very·best farmers, had a field of
potatoes right next t6o e of mine this
season. They were early potatoes, the
same as mine, sad planted the same
day. Both fields were originally
cleared at the same time and belonged
to one farm. They were ,very similar
in character of soil. Mr. Croy has kept
a dairy all these years that the
writer has been farming with
clover, and has never had heavy
crops of clover until recently. Last
fall and winter he drew manure on to
his field, which was a timothy sod with
a little clover in it, giving it a heavy
covering. My field had the clover roots
and second-crop clover plowed under.
Now, the fact that he used a planter
would make some difference with the
result; but his soil was so dry that
about the only injury came from a
less perfect stand. Again, I have
been growing potatoes for many
years in regular rotation on my
land, while friend C. has grown
only two crops before on his. Now,
the result was 549 bushels on a little
over four acres of his land that was
heavily manured, 913 bushels on 5 4-10
acres on my clover land. Mr. C. kept
his seed in the pit, the same as mine,
cut to one eye, and in tillage it would
be hard to do any better than he did.
There is no use in being modest about
it. We just simply 'get there' by the
use of clover. Yes, 912 bushels this dry
year, and with the present prices, is
good enough.-Cor. A. B. C., of Potato
Culture.
Rsamle for the South.
The little pamphlet published by
Prof. S. Waterhouse, of Washington
university, on the cultivation of ramie
should have a wide circulation in the
south. The professor shows that the
plant can be cultivated with profit in
the gulf states. Thesoil and climate of
Mississippi and Alabama are as much
adapted to the growth of ramie as are
those of France, and in France a net
profit of $100 an acre on the plant is not
unusual.
Ramic fiber is claimed by its friends
to be stronger than hemp, as fine as
cotton, as glossy as silk, cheaper
than linen and more durable than
any of its rivals. It is used
with them all and also with wool
in the manufacture of dry goods and
clothing. That there is a demand for
the fiber is seen from China's large ex
port trade in the article, amounting to
500,000,000 pounds a year.
Those who question our ability to
successfully compete with a cheap
labor country like China in the manu
facture of ramie fiber should remember
that our improved machinery is a much
greater advantage than China's cheap
labor. The preparation of three pounds
of ramie fiber is a day's labor for one
man in that country, while here one
man with a machine can turn out 300
pounds a day.--St. Louis Republic.
Something All Should Know and Under
stand.
A horse can not breathe through its
mouth like a dog and other animals.
It can only breathe through its nose.
The soft palate forms a complete par
tition between the mouth and throat.
and can only be elevated, or allow the
passage of food or water backwards,
by compression such as that which
occurs in swallowing. The pass
age of air through the mouth
is entirely prevented by the
soft palate. By plugging a horse's
nose it may be readily suffocat
ed. It is because breathing can only
be performed through the nasal organs
that spacious, open nostrils are consid
ered not only beautiful, but necessary,
for they allow at times of unusual ex
ertion for the free passage of large vol
umes of air into the over-tasked lungs
during respiration.-Breeders' Gazette.
A Prolific Ewe.
Mr. Alfred Bradley, of WVarren coun
ty, Ky., writes that he has a ewe, six
years old, that has just dropped twin
lambs, which if raised will make ten
lambs she has raised in five years
twins every year except last, when she
had triplets, one of which she lost. lie
thinks this is doing pretty well for a
ewe with only one teat.-Farmers'
Home Journal.
HERE AND THERE.
-The farmer who has to stop work
to haul wood during the rush of early
spring work gives weeds and grass a
decided advantage.
-While ordinarily the cow needs but
little exercise, yet generally it will be
found best to turn out the cows for an
hour or two every day during the win
ter that the weather will permit.
-l)uring the year 1893 there were
marketed of cattle as follows: Chicago,
3,133,406; Kansas City, 1,660,807; Oma
ha, 852,45,; St. Louis, 756,485. This
makes a total for the four markets of
6,403,154.
--Vhen turnips are fed to milch cows
it should be at milking time, Those
who have carefully experimented in
this matter say that the turnip flavor
will be eliminated before the next
milking, and will not appear in the
milk.
-"What's good for the goose is good
for the gander." No farmer would
think of feeding his horses poorly dur
ing spring or summer plowing. Why
not apply the same "horse sense" to
dairy cows?
-The farmer who owns his home,
however poor it may be, is never out of
work. In fact, it may be said, with
due regard to truth, that the Ioorer
the farm the more employment the
farmer has.
-Know well the meaning of every
word and sentence severally and col
lectively contained in a note or con
tract before signing it-and also some
thing of the party's reputation with
whom you are dealing.
-It is said that during the hard
times in 1842 a cow was sold at Frank
fort, Ky., on twelve months' time, for
one dollar. The cow was valued at $25
before that time.
--We don't hear half enough about
roadmaking these days. This a sub
jeet of especial importance to farmers.
Good roads bring the farm nearer to
town and a market,~and makes the
farm more valuable.
-Now is the time to watch the rab
bits. Bonnie will try his tooth to ytur
young trees it given a half a chance.
Soft soap; one gallon; coal tar, one
pint, and eheangh Venetian red to give
it a color, wii turn him away. Red
clay will Go4 oolor with. Or if the
7hL t ro s
-M. Wiliamn Tarbao, of Nat  e B.
.,-is swmian of .high aims. A brglar
got into her house the other night, and
she fire& tire. shots at his him. The
souve"irs 'he left behind were a 'hat
with a ltllet hole in the crown and. a
section of the lobe of one of his ears.
-An American woman who is much
liked in: English society is Mrs Bur
rowesl of Stradone. Ireland. She is the
daughter of Commodore G. A. Magru
der, the Virginian, who left the United
States navy at the outbreak of the re
bellion. Her husband is the descend
ant of an English gentleman who re
ceived from James I. a grant of the
Stradone estate.
-The Marquis de Rays, lately de
ceased, is sai. to have suggested to Al
phonse Dauadt his very amusing char
acter of "Port Tarascon." The mar
quis raised a large fund to found a
colony at Port Breton, in Oceanica, but
kept most of the money, and sent a few
"colonists" to starve in the mythical
settlement. He served five years in
prison for this scheme.
-One woman worth $20,000,000 is Miss
Mary Garrett, of Baltimore, daughter
-of the railroad king. She is quite
stout, of medium height, with a pale
face and blue eyes, a bit concealed by
gold-trimmed spectacles. She spends
most of her time traveling, speaks half
a dozen languages fluently, and keeps
herself as well posted on all railroad
affairs as does her brother Robert, the
present head of the Baltimore & Ohio
system.
--One of the most singular volumes
extant is the manuscript diary of
Jalies II. It is preserved in the im
perial library in Paris, and is filled
with reflections on the course he
should have pursued in order to retain
the English throne. He says in one
place: "I did not retire from the Battle
on the Boyne from a sense of fear,
but that I might preserve to the world
a life that I felt was destined to future
greatness."
-"Sophie May." the author of those
fascinating books for children, "Dotty
Dimple" and "Little Prudy,'" has been
in southern California for over a year,
trying to recover from a serious neu
ralgic affection of the eyes and head.
Mr. William Lee, her publisher, re
ceived a letter from her a few days ago,
saying that her health was much im
proved, and she trusted that she was
well on the road to permanent recov
ery. This is good news for her friends.
-The Countess Tolstoi is an extreme
ly clever woman, intellectually, and
one who is more than a match for her
husband in his arguments. She is of
necessity the financial manager of the
family; has taken possession of the es
tate, which she administers for the
good of her husband and children. She
it was who issued a few years ago the
cheap edition of Count Tolstoi's novels,
on the royalties of which the house
hold has been supported.-N. O. Pica
yune.
-A man in Elmira who used to see
something of Mark Twain, says that
the humorist always took an unex
pected view of things. He (Mark) was
asked to go to the reformatory and
give a reading to the boys there, from
one of his stories. IIe replied: "'Now
that's a good idea for me. Because I
have been asked by a literary club to
read down in the town. The boys are
unarmed and under guard, and it will
be perfectly safe-for me. By watch
ing them I can get an idea of how safe
it's likely to be to read the same thing
to that club." He gave both readings.
and still lives.
HUMOROUS.
-Stranger-"Can you direct me to
the Old Colony depot?" Denizen
"You'll have to ask sonlbody else, sir.
I'm not an Old Colony director." - Bos
ton Transcript.
-Johnmy Plenty--"Siy, Jimmy, does
pie hurt anybody? My aunt says it
does." Jimmy Scant-"Couldn't tell
yer, Johnny. I never had no chance
ter 'speriment."-Boston Courier.
-"Oh. I say, Smithers, why are gas
meters like the Arabs?" "Don't know,
Jonesy. Because every man's hand is
against them?" "No. Because they
evidently steal away."-N. Y. Recorder.
--Mrs. IVedde--'"So you are to be
married?" Miss Unwedde-'"Yes, and
I want you to tell me which is the
luckiest month to be married in." Mrs.
Wedde--"The thirteenth, my dear."
Godey's Magazine.
-"You don't look like ye'd had very
good luck at dat house," said Plodding
Pete. "I got a cake," replied Meander
ing Mike. "Den what yer lookin' so
sour about?" "'Twas er cake o' soap."
-Washington Star.
-Poor Pay-"I'm in a lot of trouble.
The landlady says I'll have to settle up
or leave." Dead Blroke--"Why, you're
in great luck, old man. My landlady
says I must settle up before I can
leave."-N. Y. Herald.
-"And so, Peter, you spell 'women'
with an 'a?' " said the teacher, correct
ing an exercise. "Please, sir," was the
reply, "my papa told mamma only yes
terday that women were singular
beings."-Music and Drama.
-The Condition of Affairs.-Clara
"How did Charlie look last night when
your father met him in the hall?" Hur
riet-"He didn't look at all. He just
shut his eyes and waited for the
shock."-Detroit Free Press.
-"You've moved into that new flat
on the corner?" "Yes." "Is it heated
by furnace?" "No." "Steam heat,
eh?" "€No." "Heavens! man, what
have you?" "A janitor that stands in
with the landloird."-Inter-Ocean.
-"Why did you shoot this man?"
"In self-defense," answered the police
man. "Why, he was running away
from you!" "I know it looked so. But
I was afraid he was going around the
block to attack me from behind."
WVashington Star.
-Stagger - "What's this I hear
about you getting a job on a prohibi
tion newspaper?" Jagger-"That's
what I've got, and it's a snap, too. I
have to go around after hours and get
drinks at all the saloons that are open
unlawfully. "-Indianapolis Journal.
-"Yes,"he said. "I am all alone in
the world, and no one to helpme." "80o
much the better," replied the philoso
pher; "the world owes you a living,
and as you say you have no competi
tors, the more reason fmor believing
that you will get your due"--Boston
Transcript.
-"WVhom do you consider the great
east inventor of the times?" asked one
woman. "'My husband," she replied,
proudly. "Why, I didn't know heever
invented anything." "You ashould hear
the exeuses he gives foe com.ing home
st two 0'elo0lk .Pthem ~wwie ."T w , Iats 1
Fa.. asimprts ,eoreasea ,. 80,000o
asnnsc in 1898. as compared with those
of the preceding 'eisr, and thi exports
decreased 951,116,000 francs.
-a, rsIounH trunk line shipments of
breadstuffs and provisions from Chica
go fer the year 1893 were 9,16,986 tons,
against 1,785,099 tons in 1899.
Tux official returns show an increase
in exports from Canada for the past six
months of nearly $4,000,000. The im
ports for the past six months increased
half a million dollars.
Tan "foreign trade of Canada was
$245,694,000 in 1898, as compared with
9241,809,000 in 1833. The exports
amounted to 8118,619,000, by far the
greatest in the history of the do.
minion."
TaE Edison Electric Illuminating
company, of New York, reports for
year 1893 gross earnings $1,198.888, in
creaso $250,768; not $581,678, increase
$100,541. and a surplus over interest
and dividends of $9,648.-lradstreet's.
STrATIsrcs compiled by the census
bureau show that in the United States
there are 14,9009,407 horses, or one horse
for every four inhabitants; mules, 2,
295,532; cows, 16,511,950; swine, 57,409.
688; and sheep shorn, 82,126.868.
100e eashels Wheast foem Two Aere.
This remarkable yield was reported
by Frank Close, Minnesota, on two
acres of Marvel Spring Wheat. Speak
ing of this wheat, this new sort takes
the cake. It is the greatest cropping
spring wheat in the world. Farmers
who tried it in the past season believe
seventy-five to one hundred bushels
can be grown from one acre, and are
going to get this yield for 1894. At
such yield wheat pays at 80s a bushel.
Salzer is the largest grower of vegeta
ble and farm seed in the world. [s]
IF YOU WILL CUT TIS OUT AND BEND IT
with 7c postage to the John A. Salzer
Seed Co., La Crosse, Wis., you will get
free their mammoth catalogue and a
package of above spring wheat. [rl
SBToAERS--"I surely would hate to be the
moon. Takes it two weeks to get full.'
Taggers-"And that isn't the worst of it,
either. After he is full it needs two more
weeks to get over it."-Indianapolis Jour
nal
A Family Laxative.
Physicians are not inclined to recommend
se If medication to the laity. Yet there is
one need which they are almost unable to
supply. We refer to the "family laxative."
The family physician is able to prescribe
for the most complicated and obscure of
maladies and yet is often puzzled to know
just what to give when asked for a remedy
which can be kept in the house for family
use as a laxative, that shall be effective,
free from danger, and not unpleasant to
take. When absent on our summer vaca
tion we were asked by fourdifferentparties,
representing as many families, what we
thought of the "Syrup of Figs." Not one
word did we volunteer on the subject, and
we were somewhat surprised to hind that
there was this small token of the very gen
eral use of that preparation. These parties
said they derived more benefit from it and
found it nore pleasant to takethan anything
of the kind they had ever used. The simple
question with them wav, is it a dangerous
compound? We informed them that its
active ingredient was a preparation of sen
na, and that it was entirely free from dan
ger. With this assurance they volunteered
the information that they should continue
to keep it in the house.
The therapeutical properties of senna are
so well known that comment on this seems
unnecessary. It might be well to notice,
however, that Bartholow says it is "a very
safe and serviceable cathartic," and that it
is "highly prized as a remedy for constipa
tion." He also makes the important obser
vation that its use "is not followed by in
testinal torpor and constipation."
The simple truth of the matter is, wchave
altogether too few preparations which we
can recommend to our families as effective
laxatives. But the California Fig Syrup
company has one of the most desirable com
binations for this purpose with which we
are familiar. The Fig Syrup company gives
to the profession the composition of this
preparation, therefore there is no secret
about it; the persons who use this laxative
speak in the highestterms about it; and we
are pleased to notice that a large number of
physicians are prescribing it.
Viewed from the narrowest and most
selfish standpoint the physician will lose
nothing by recommending such a prepara
tion as Syrup of Figs to his patients; while
viewed from the highest standpoint of do
ing the best possible by those who place
themselves in our care, we would say the
profession cannot do better than give their
indorsement to such a preparation.-Amer
ican Analyst.
WIBBLE-"There' only one way to decide
whether marriage is a failure." tW'abble
"How?" Wibble-"Match for it."-Indian
apolis Journal.
8100 Reward, 8100.
The reader of this paper will be pleased to
lcarn that there is at least one dreaded
disease that science has been able to cure in
all its stages, and that is Catarrh. Hall's
Catarrh Cure is the only positive cure
known to the medical fraternity. Catarrh
beingsa constitutional disease, requires a
constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh
Cure is taken internally, acting directly on
the blood and mucous surfaces of the
system, thereby destroying the foundation
of the disease and giving the patient
strengthby building up the constitution
and assisting nature in doing its work. The
proprietors have so much faith in its cura
tive powers, that they offer One Hundred
Dollars for any case that it fails to cure.
Send for list of testimonials.
Address, F. J. CaHBErEY ~P C , £'oledo, O.
$old by Druggists, j7c.
Hall's Family Pills, 25 cents.
,Wan you borrow trouble you will confer
a favor by not returning it.-Galveston
News.
As A BIMPLE TET EFrECTIVa RJEMEDY for
Throat Affections, BRown's BRONCHIAL
TRocfEs stand fist in public favor. They
are absolutely unrivaled for the alleviation
of all Throat irritations caused by Cold or
use of the voice.
A FEEBLE WOMAN
-smufering from nervous prostration, ex
eitablity, or dizziness, the result of week
essdersn snent, or displacement of the
apemsl os - will find health regained
eusng Dr. Pierce's Favorite Precrip
tlon. In every case of "female complaint"
PIERCE -m arCURE
.Abouttwo ye ao e
no good and told me I
must die,. but my
mother got me "Fa
vorite Presorition,"
andin one weekX bean
to feelstronger. After
ta a dosen bottles
was; lefrom alamlns
and ache and all due
to Dr. Pierce's Pe
Xzsma " z . MURPHY.
Note Zlty Biolesosd Ce, 1Y. i
uIF
r-d.i~
1 -1
~i~eA ssastrii·-:·
Par's Reply.-The butcher was loveling
a big drift of snow from the walk ln fron!
of his shop when Pat came along and asked
for a ob. The butcher refused. Pat per
stated. "No," said the butcher. "Bowwll
I get exercise if I let you shovel it!" "Eat
ing your meat," rejoined Pat, as he shodl
dered his shovel and marched on.-Utica
Observer.
Yelloew 'aes are not Pretty.
Still less so are the symptoms of the com
plaint that makes faces yellow-liver
trouble. ltie indicated by pains in theright
side and through the right shoulder blade,
by nausea, vertigo, sick headache, sour
breath andfurredtongue. Bostetter'BStom
sch Bitters remove it completely, as well as
constipation and dyspeps its associates.
Prevent malaria, rheumatism and kidney
complaint with this sterling remedy.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world' best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
Mothers'
Friend.
R ,.-Is a scientifically prepared liniment
-every ingredient of recognized value, and in constant
use by the medical profession. These ingredients are
combined in a manner hitherto unknown, and WILL
DO all that is claimed for it, AND MORE. It
shortens Labor, Lessens Pain, Diminishes Danger to
Life of Mother and Child.
Seat by Express on Receipt of Price, S. So per Bottle.
Book to "MOTHERS" mailed FREE, containing voluntary testimonials,
Sold by All Druggist, BRADPIBLD REGULATOR CO.. AtlUati. Q.
The Washing of the Feet
gets to be a weighty matter, in these
days when colored stockings will
shed their colors. Pearline does this
Z N work beautifully.
It's not only thoroughly effective,
but it's healthy. Doctors recommend
,.-- -Pearline as a soak
for rheumatism.
== Try it in the bath.
It will give you a
new idea of cleanli.
ness. Bathing with
Pearline is a perfect
luxury.
B e ar Peddlers and some unscrupulous grocers will tel ye
S"this is as good as" or "the same as Pearline." T'S
· FALSE--Pearlie is never peddled, if yoar lrocer mnds
von an imitation, be honest-send it LAck. 4=8 JAMES PYLo, N r.
WILLIAM TELL
Y "our ,Motber
TO USE NO OTHER
SSOAP FOR LAUNDRY 4
S- -" AND HOUSE'JOLD
PUR POSES.
=?' THRAN .
IS FAR SUPERIOR TO ANYOTH ER IN THE MARI' .T
AMD IS MADE. ONLY 8Y
Ha-"Do you belhee In' rt
sightt" Bhe-"Thi s so sundoan.
era Statesman. -
Ta Publio Awards the Palm , -
Boney of Horehound and Tarr
Pike's Toothache Drops n m I o
Te nump man is one who eire % :
in wel doing.-duffalo Couerle.  '
Ba suna to read advertlesemest aid
Seed Co., a old reliable arm. .
RE LIBLI
S-EED
INSURE SUCCESS S
A COMPLETB CATALOGUB "
ot all taiemard V Farl and tLhe awIjlm Ule
le lreo to all nLtrested w al
farealTYo will ethbe dlBppoRRtod !W7
A.t I.ltU Ord Steet. T. -
WHEN raII - lT ".q W ERR P.
35?) W. L. DOIUG(1LAS s bg
equals custom tore. odU.ls.oS,
irt t heorld. Nee edamend Sid s
. stped on the bottom. rve
$ gjA. .pair warranted. Take no mabon.
tLute. See local papers ifor !dl
deeriptuato our ospdsiS
elincs for ladal mno .d
tlemcn or sndLos--..
-howtoor.
der by mall. Postage free. You can ge tlabe
bargalns of dealers who push our shoes.. "
WIS. 8o ACRES
Fine Frminig La
LAN lli e OL at a 0aSa.:
For 8ale. " ." °'"' '
WALL PAPER
FOR THE MILLIONS, AoIRGdf' SAMW+
of TASTY PAPERS. with BORDERI tO NsWA
NEWCOMB BROS. WALL PAPER CO, SEia
A. N. K., F. 14C}
aEr. rib k I
state that Jon saw te Adrerdseose t." tb
paper.