-`i aqfiaijpn Mat easnotis
- ikthe re:.ae'st t i- the
-- iznwittato is exit"ne to-ail to
f-sebo to see is to believe. Yu 1
aoa hearty welcomeu and an In
trip, for cheap railroad rtes will
s from all points In the Southeast
SRound trip tickets will be sold on '
ugust 2ond and 3rd for two harvest exour
mins and can be parchased to any place in
g-- bsood to sto iff at-any point on the
g trip, within lifteen days from time
plet is purchased, and you have thirty
dayin all, to make the journey and get
home. The rate is one fare for the
41 trip There is no question as to the
,route oved r which you should travel, for there w
is bat : e railroad entering the State of O
-ltase. which offers the "Home Soaker" a
c. hoice of three routes, either via Memphis,
Shreveport or New Orleans, and that is ti
the Texas a Pacific Railway, which crosses p
the State from East to West passing through i
its most fertile lands. Correspondence so
licited by the undersigned, who will give
full information as to rates, tickets and n
routes, forward folders, showing time of e
trains and connections, and pamphlets de
soriptive of the coutntry. If you contem
plate going to Texas, it will pay you to write a
us, and your wants will be given promot at- t
tention. J. H. WORD. TraV. Pass. Agent, i
86 Wall St.. Atlanta. Ga. A. A. GAI.asnars,
Southern Pass. Agent. 108 Read House,
Chattanooga, Tenn. BissaELL WILsox. South- v
ern Traveling Agent, 834 West Main St., f
Louisville, Ky. d
IT 4 odd how a railroad contractor's t
credlors feel safest when they know he is
maki.g tracks.
Mig Your Route to Chlcago. a
POSITIVELY THE ONLY LINE running solid r
vestibuled trains direct to the World's Fair t
Grounds and stopping at the Exposition
Gates.
PosrITIVLY Tra ONLY LINE makitnconnec- v
tion in Central Union Station, Cincinnati, t
with trans of the L. & N. R. R., Q. &C.
I. . i. T., V & G. Ry.,and Kentucky Cen
tral Ry. and C. & O. Ry., avoiding the dis- t
agreeiblo transfer necessary viaother lines.
POSITIVELY TlHE ONLY LINE landing passen
gers at Suburban Stations in Chicago con
veniejit to all World's Fair Hotels and I
Boarding Houses. No transfer of passen
gers or baggage.
Ask for tickets via Tnn Bio Foun Roulre
and be sure you get them. i). it. BATIMN,
Gen'l Pass. Agent, Cincinnati. O. 1
Tar miracle about the tippler's head is
that the less there is of it the more apt it is
to go round.-Elmira Gazette.
Sustain the Slnking System.
This common sense injunction is too
often unheeded. Business anxieties, over
work. exlposure must and do cause mental
and physical exhaustion, which lessens i
vigor and tells injuriously upon the system.
That must beneficent of tonies and restora
tives, Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, effectual
ly compensates for a drain of strength and I
loss of nerve power, regulates impaired di- t
gest ion, arouses the dormant liver and
renders the bowels active. It is, besides, a
preventive of malarial and rheumatic ail
ments.
Cox to think of it, isn't the parrot a sort
of mocking bird, too
Doubt Changed to Faith
"My little girl Kitty had 1
a skin disease which the
doctors called Eczemn,
causing her great agony
with its intense itching
and burning. Seven or
sight physicians gave us
medicines but to no good. Kitty Fox.
At the earnest advice of a neighbor we tried I
HOOD'S SARSAPARILLA with the result I
of a perfect cure. Her shin is now as fair and I
clear as any child's in town." WILLlAM Fox,
Pair Haven, Vt Be sure to get Hood's.
HOOD'S PILLS Cure all Liver Ills.
IARRHCEA,
CIURES DSENTERY,
CHOLERA INFANTUM,
-AND ALLY
AFFECTIONS OF THE BOWELS.
Oxvoan LA., July -. iI.
centlemen :--We have used your Bodie's Cor
dial in our family for some time past, and ere
perfectly atisfiedl with its effects. Would not
willingly do without it. Respectfully,
J. B. Roanxsolr.
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
PRICE, 5oc. and 01.00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CO.
New Orleans. LN.
"German
syrup"
I y state thatl am Druggist
and Post master here and am there
fore in a position to judge. I have
tried many Cough Syrups but for
ten years past have found nothing
equal to Boschee's German Syrup.
I have given it to my baby for Croup
with the most satisfactory results.
Every mother should have it. J. H.
Honss, Druggist and Postmaster,
Moffat, Texas. We present facts,
living facts, of to-day Boschle's
German Syrup gives strength to the
body. Take no substitute. O
hEWIS' 98 on and Lye
Soap in 20 minutes tottout boutf
na. lt Ik the bes+ for eleansilng
closets, wahlng bottles. cnints.
treea,ets. PreaL.dAy To]r F Wl
TWhF' soE8F a * Lye
eor. inremteinute P toUL.o hrs.
nhin an.d M bachinerfo ScinDies.
- waste, ppes. dislfectlngs sinks.
closet sre own y botles. aints.
es , oo. 8.., SAn ent ? enIrm.
MiinreaUon MaBoiod msar upp aies.
5EAL sarme. Wnrite o rueos
S:`Treaties on Blood
' YWOiL'S -FAIR CITY.
N 0m an Ozremnt =vents a* the
Oolumrblan Erpo atIon.
rThe Hearrsi Cold sotee a s tr-Atrrva5
oat he Csravrls and the Viking Bhip
-The Swedish Building and
It r ture Purpose.
Ispeetat Chloago Correspondameni
All Chicago, including guests and
world's fair visitors, is yet in the throes
of horror produced by the lamentable
fate of the victims of the recent fire at
the cold storage building at Jackson
park, and subscriptions are still pour
ing in for the benefit of the families
and dependents of the poor souls wvho
met with such an awful death. The
exaet.number of lives lost in the flames
has not as yet been ascertained, but
according to the latest information
twenty-three charred and dismembered
bodies were found in the rains of the
ill-fated building. The unfortunates
were nearly all firemen, and the sad
fate of their comrades has caused the
deepest sorrow among the members of
the department throughout the city.
Most of the bodies taken from the
ruins were so thoroughly incinerated
and disfigured that they were beyond
recognition, and the mourning rela
tives and friends of those who were
known to have been lost in the flames
were more deeply plunged in gi ief by
their inability to identify their dead,
and the sad search among the black
ened and broken corpses for even the
faintest traces of husbands, fathers
and brothers was pititul in the ex
treme.
The building burned was not the
property of the fair, as was quite gen
erally supposed, but belonged to the
Hercules Iron company of Aurora, Ill.
The loss occasioned by the fire was
nearly a quarter of a million dollars,
and has caused the company to make
an assignment. The building was put
up for the purpose of preserving per
ishable supplies for the fair during the
summer season, and was well stored
with provisions for hungry and thirsty
visitors. It also contained an ice-man
ufacturing plant capable of freezing
one hundred and twenty tons of ice per
day, and an ice skating rink one hun
dred and eighty feet long by eighty
feet wide. Can ice-so called from the
system employed in making it-was to
be the principal production. Condensed
steam, thoroughly filtered, was to be
used exclusively, making the ice posi
tively pure. The plant was to supply
only ten tons daily by a series of sub
merged pipes filled with pure water. For
the safe keeping of eggs, butter and
meat used in the restaurants sixty
thousand cubic feet of space were used.
This was divided into a great many
sections, with ingenious ventilating de
vices which were automatic and kept
the rooms each at the desired tempera
ture. All the processes of overcoming
the natural heat of summer were
to be shown, including the direct ex
pansion, the brine circulation and the
F
rrrr
* * .. W
THE COLD STORAGE BrILDINO.
indirect circulation, where the air is
cooled on the top floor and then dis
tributed by means of fans. It required
fifty thousandpounds of ammonia to
operate the system, this product being
used over and over again, and at the
close of the exposition the fifty thou
sand pounds would have been without
loss in bulk.
Great expectations had been based
on the popularity of the skating rink.
It was in the room next the roof. The
ice wvas tqDbe five inches thick, frozen
by pipes of circulating brine placed
close together. Balconies about the
sides were erected for spectators and a
band. The Hercules Iron company built
all the labyrinthvf pipes and tanks, and
a German firm put in the boilers, said
to consume the smoke, thus being
capable of burning the very poorest
coal.
The loss of this building will 1
severely felt by the concessionai:
THE SWEDISH BUILDISG.
the fair who depended upon it for sup
plies during the heated term, and it is
highly probable that the destruction of
the suppies stored in it will occasion
much inconvenience and some loss in
various quarters.
There is in this calamity a sugges
tion which the fair authorities will
doubtless heed, and that is the urgent
need of fire escapes on the large build
ing throughout the grounds and
especially those which have elevators
for carrying people to the roofs and
higher stories. It is hardly probable
that such another catastrophe will be
visited upon the fair, in fact no such
other dangerous building exists, but
outside means of descent are quite as
necessary on world's fair buildings as
on any others in which human beings
are carried to great heights.
Dividint the pubti interest with
the S6regotg eaClamity Ii the ltdie
arrival of the Columnbui feet and the
Viking ship. A few days ago the Santa
Maria, the Nina and the Pints cast
anchor in the basin before the White
city, and following quickly in their
wake came the Gokstab-fnd with her
crew of hardy Norsemen. hatch navrl
pomp and ceremony as was witnessed
upon their reception was never before
seen in Chicago, and possibly zever be
fore in the new world. The bosomn of
old Lake Michigan has been heaving
considerably of late, and it might well
heave with pride at such gorgeous dis
plays as have been made upon it since
the great fair was opened.
From the time of their landing at
New York these strange vessels, which
have been produced in the likenesses
of the historic craft of Erickson and
Columbus, have been accorded the
warmest receptions and have" been
feted and honored, and now that they
have found safe harbor after their
perilous voyages in the waters of
Jackson park they will be held as
precious mementoes of the great navi
gators who dared the anger of the
elements to found a new civilization
upon the shores of an unexplored world.
The history of the caravels has been
published broadcast during the last
few months and has become familiar
to all. The history of the modern
Viking ship is of more recent date and
will prove somewhat more interesting
reading at this time. The ship Gokstab
find was built about six months ago
after the design of the original ship
which was unearthed some time pre
vious from a Norwegian mound. It
sailed some six or seven weeks ago
THE VIKING S1IP.
from Christiania under the command of
Magnus Anderson, a splendid specimen
of Norse manhood, who had a crew of
twelve of his countrymen equal in
physique and daring .to. himself. In
this ship, which was open to the ele
ments and rigged in the most primitive
fashion, these hardy mariners crossed
the raging main and after many hard
ships came sa'cly to land, completing
one of the most notable voyages ever
made to this country. Here these
worthy descendents of the ancient
"creek-men" find many countrymen
to welcome them and join with them
in the general rejoicing over their safe
arrival.
When the world's fair is over the
immense temples dedicated to art, the
sciences and commerce will be despoiled
of their entrancing beauties, and the
buildings themselves will be sold to
some shrewd contractor, who will care
fully pull them apart board for board
and utilize the pile he accumulates in
constructing other buildings-not so
handsome but more useful. The Swed
ish building will not suffer this coin
mon fate. Though it will "be taken
down it will again be reared in its
present form. It will change its rest
ing place, but will still remain in Chi
cago.
It has been bought by the 'Martin
Luthen college of Chicago, and when
the grounds and airy bowers of Jack
son park are deserted, and the place
that was the center of the world for six
months is only a memory. the building
will be taken apart and removed to a
pretty site in Martin Luther college ad
dition in the northwestern part of Chi
cago, seven miles from the coujthouse.
The building is a unique one, inasmuch
. It can be taken apart and put to
gether again as often as is desired with
out injury to the building. It was
made in Sweden, -inspected by all whoa
cared to see it, gently taken to pieces,
each part marked and shipped to the
world's fair, where in a few days it
stood forth as substantial a building as
any. It may appear that the structure
is something of an architectural toy,
but this is not the case.
Its dimensions are by no means small
and the main tower is something over
one hundred feet high.
It is one of the most curious as well
as one of the most artistic. The archi
tecture is original, though the designer
has followed closely the style used in
the ancient "stane" churches of five
hundred years ago. It was not intend
ed for a college building. so the interior
must necessarily be remodeled. As it
has fallen into the hands of Swedes,
there is little reason to fear that every
thing will not be done to retain as
much as possible the original design.
The outside will no doubt be unmo
lested.
The transfer from the Sweden gov
ernment to the college authorities was
made some time ago, but the news
never leaked out as far as the Chicago
papers, English or Sweden, were con
cerned. The government practically
made a gift of its share, but the inter
ests of several Swedish manufacturing
firms, amounting to several thousands,
had to be satisfied in cash. Otto
Leffier, the popular Swedish commis
sioner, played a leading part in the
deal.
Exx PAsA.s would make a good pet name
for a cat on the basis of the uine-degtl andi
oga.-Giainvinati F@ot,
CiA'iCSKS AND 3UKcaSl'.
-ow the Bia'ish Carry Around tL.e
Little Filh on Their flacks. aI
.The sharks in the marine section of sec
the aquarium play every day and all fa
the day to big crowds. The sharks do Ge
got seem to. enjoy it'much. There are wt
only two of them left tdwt therI were of
six at first, but the biggest itie, a floe- he
footer, and three of the smaller ones Ao
died. Chicago-made sait water doedr
not seem to agree with them at all. &
Some folks who look at these sharks In
indulge t gmselves in the pleasing. b
fancy tha they ,re looking at real in
vicious man-eatess; regular moni ra eo
of the deep that go around amusing pr
themselves by snapping legs off sailors. w,
These fellows are no man-eaters, to
thought they are just common sand pe
sharks caught in pound nets off the Cat
Mlina coast. They are of a species that ri
seldom grows to be over five or six feet v,
long. They could not eat a man if br
they tried, but they can make it livelyb
for the fish in sight when they get p]
hungry. ci
But whether these sharks are man Dp
eaters or not' they look 'exceedingly pc
sharky and wicked. They are long and se
thin and clipper-like, and they flit la
about their thinks like evil shadows. A
They have curved mouths set away tb
back under their inquisitive snouts, nc
and the mouths have multitudes of st
needle-like white teeth. One of these
sharks, the larger one, has a al
constant companion that causes a w
good deal of comment and guessing as
among visitors. It is a slender fish ca
about eight inches long that has at- o0
tached itself, apparently by its teeth, E
to the smooth skin of the shark's back. a,
It sticks closer than a brother or a cG
leech. Some of the visitors think it is oA
a young shark. The *nard will tell B
you that it is a pilot fish, but that v;
shows that there are some things which a~
even a Columbian guard does not know. c,
The fish is what the Carolina fishermen p
call a sucker fish, a remora. If you ask si
Prof. Forbes of the fish commission he p
will tell you that it is theectieneisnan
crates of linne. - v
That is a pretty imposing name for so b
little a fish, but the creature itself is V,
one of the most interesting of swim- a
ming things. The remora has set in n
the top of its flat head an oval sucker a
plate, whereby it has an easy time. The e
remora attaches itself by this sucker c,
plate to the first big fish that comes r,
along and rides around just as lazily as d
a fat woman in a roller chair. What
ever the big fish gets to eat the remora 1
has also its share; it catches the crumbs I
and leavings. There is no fish that has a
more fun and an easier time than this p
remora. 3"
Some of the West Indians make this
parasite work for aMliving though. They
use him for an animated fishhook.
They tie a string to his tail and let him c
into the water to swim around until he I
falls afoul of a turtle. Then when he
has laid firm hold of the turtle the wise t
WVest Indian bags the whole outfit and t
sets his remora for another turtle.
PCdTICAL DREAMS SHATTERED. a
Influence o ia Gondola Bide Through thd =
Lagoons of the Fair.
The music came softly, sweetly out t
to the old man and his daughter as they
sat, half reclining, on the luxurious
cushions of the gondola, gayly deco- a
rated with Japanese lanterns.
The myriad of gay lights from the
cornices;- from the roofs, from the c
water's edge reflected in silver and gold
the ripples of the lagoon. High up
along the balcony they could see the
flaming torches, flickering with Roman
reminiscence, and the white, ghastly
faces and dark forms of the people
looking down on the beautiful scene,
while all around the lagoon, sitting
upon the wide rail of the fence, lean
ing against the statuary, or moving 1
about with eager, restless tread, they 1
could see the thousands of sightseers.
In the distance they saw the shimmer- i
ing., multi-colored waters and heard the
gurgling murmur of the fountains. 1
The stoical gondoliers dextrously
swung the gondola here and there
among the gay craft, laden to the
water's edge with merry parties of la
goon tourists. Once, in a pause of the
orchestral music there came to them
the twang of a banjo, then a happy
French song came rippling across the
dancing waves.
l For a long time they were silent, says
n the Chicago Tribune. Then she clasped
o her fingers, sparkling with diamonds,
L- across the old man's knee, and said:
- "Papa, I am so happy, I feel so
a dreamy, so poetical, something Byron
s or lrowning like. Ah, the Bridge of
Sighs and Byron. 0, I could love Byron
i- to-night and Venice, too. Papa, Brown
ing is buried there."
a Possibly the old man thought Brown
a ing was one of her old dude lovers;
they all looked consumptive; probably
: he had croaked in Venice. The old man
sympathetically sighed.
"If ayron and BIrowning could have
a liverd to see this, papa, what poetry
.we would have from them. They never
. saw anything to equal this."
"Well, 1 guess there air few towns
h could beat this show," the old man
. complacently remarked.
"How dreamily poetical lHowells
s makes Venetian life," she mused; "it
r must be something like this. How I
, should like to live in Venice always."
c "Do you mean to say you'd rather
t live in that perennial flood town, Ven
s ice, than Chicago?" he sharply interro
e gated.
"Papa, my life would be a happy
dream in Venice."
11 "Now, look-a-here, Maria," he sav
r agely said, "I won't have that bow
legged dude fellow of yours prowling
11 'round the house any longer, lie puts
i. you up to all this moonshine business
.r and I won't stand any more of this
in comic opera gondolier business, d'y'
h bear? I ain't going to be paddled
1 'round in a canoe by a pair of opera
.r bouffe scullers. W'e'll land and take
it an electric or steam launch, something
Sthat can get a move on."
i He prodded the nearest gondolier
as with his umbrella and ordered an im
2. mediate disembarkation.
0
Colored People to lslt the Fair.
S August . will be colored people's day
_ at the world's fair. It is expected that
Stwo hundred and fifty thousand Afro
o Americans will pass through the gates
. during the four days of the convoca
tion. Public-spirited Chicago men and
i women of the colored race are prepar
Sing for their reception. For over two
s, months the committee has been work
te ing on a scheme to enable colored peo
s- ple from all over the country to visit
e the fair. The details of the plan will
soon be made public.
eo  "tALWAYS put your best foot forward,"
ai- ePeetI.llZh If tile fellow Ihnt reaIry wiorged
I E4U,·-CiL'Vin'.ld Fi4~~te;cr.
OP 6ENEt~AL INTERES',.
~dtamutl d taiiogers, of Balti
more recently exhibited before an as
sembly of dentists a complete set of
false teeth that had been worn by
George Washington. The base plates
were of lead and perfectly fiat. Some
of the te&th were of ivory and others,
had beet axtratted from a living pet
Son.
=-'hie waj*s of auctioneers in differ
:at parts <f the world Vary greatly.
In' England and America the seller
Sbeafrs the expense of the sale, but 4
in France the purchaser pays the
cost, five per cent. being added to the
prioefig pays. In Holland it is still
worse, the buyer be.pg required to pay
ten per cent. additional for the ex- .
penses of the sale.
-The beautiful marble bust of Har
riet 3eecher Stowe was recently un
veiled it the library of the women's
building on the world's fair grounds
by Mrs. Isabella Beecher Hooker, who
placed on the white marble a choice
cluster of pinks and ferns. Frederick
Douglas was present and tcad several
passages from "Uncle Tom's Cabin,"
several copiesof which, printed in many
languages, were placed near the bust.
All who were present were saddened by
the thought that the beloved authoress
no longer can enjoy the honors be
stowed upon her.
-Azaleas of every hue possible to
azaleas make the wqoded island in the
world's fair grounds t grand bouquet,
and those accustomed to see this deli
cate mountain flower in the pink-yellow
or white dress which it assumes in New
England, Virginia or California are c
amazed at the many shades of pink,
crimson and orange and the parti-col
ored varieties produced by cultivation.
Rhododendrons of the tall and drawfed t
varieties, brilliant Japanese peonies A
and masses of lowly growing pansies,
contented to bloom wherever they are
placed, give the island a festive and a
summery appearance, attractive to all a
pedestrians.
-Old chests and trunks have a high 3
value as curios, and are largely taken a
by the dealers in the like. As paper i
was costly in the eighteenth century,
many such articles were lined with
newspapers then current, and if pleas- I
antries of the period are to be trusted,
even with rejected manuscripts. A
curious old trunk with pentagonal ends
recently turned up in the shop of a
dealer in old furniture. It still bore a
weather-stained card showing that its
last delivery had been to somebody in
Pearl street. It was lined with a Phil
adelphia newspaper of 1773, and the
pages exposed bore the tax-list of that
year in pounds, shillings and pence.
-It is only within a few years, one
might almost say months, that the wide
effect of the warm, moist Pacific winds,
called chinooks, has been known in
Blritish Columbia and Alaska. These
winds, corresponding exactly to those 1
that make England a fertile country in
the latitude of Labrador, keep the snow
melted from the plains at the eastern
base of the Rockies, and they encourage
a magnificent growth of root crops.
cabbage, oats and grass a thousand
Smiles north of New York. Wheat does
not do well and berries are small,
t though little attempt has been made to
r cultivate fruit. The winters are biting
s cold, but dry, and the summer, though
short, is so hot that vegetation comes
out of the earth with a rush.
-One class of people regard our fast
cruisers and our white-walled, thun
i dering iron.lads with hearty disap
proval-naitibly, the artists. A marine
e painter, looking at the big fleet that
recently lay stretched along the Hud
son, exclaimed: "'Yes, quite interest
s ing, and ugly! Those are mere ma
chines, and machinery is always ugly.
3 All the time that ships have been gain
ing in strength and speed they have
been losing in picturesqueness and
S beauty. There is nothing in that lot
of tea kettles, as Napier called them,
to equal the old.Constitution and the
old Vermont, with their three rows of
ports and their big towers of canvas.
To see one of the old frigates bowling
e along with all sail set-why, sir, that
e was a poem"
L- -A material lately introduced in the
e construction of American warships.
n though not yet effectually tested in
V war or serious casualty, is called cellu
e lose. A naval man in WVashington,
speaking of the sinking of the Victoria,
'5 says: "I hardly think that just such
d an accident could have happened to
s, one of our war vessels. Above the pro
tective deck in our boats we place a
o material called cellulose. It is six feet
n in thickness all along the inside of the
f vessel's side, and is about seven feet in
a height. When this material is wet it
x- swells up and closes an opening. In
case a shot from the enemy should
1- drive a hole through the ship's side is
s; would swell up and close the hole,
. keeping the water out. It would ao.
n the same way in case of a collision in
which the ship's:side was shattered. It
e would have a tendency to prevent a
y rush of wiater."
rI
is
n*
is KNOWLEDGE
is Brings comfort and improvement and
' tends to personal enjoyment when
d rightly used. The many, who-~~i bet
r ter than others and enjoy life more, with
ke less expenditure, by more promptly
.g adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
rlaxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of,.Figs. "
Its excellence is due to itpreeti
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
Sbeneficial properties of a perfect lax
" ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds. headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
a- It has given satisfaction to millions and
ad met with the approval of the medical
ir- profession, because it acts on the Kid
o neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
*- ennmg them and it is perfectly free trom
o every objectionable substance.
sit Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
ill gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
tfactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
I" package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
4 and being- woell informed, youwlU at
a£cept ay substituo it .fQ.
You can Economiz
By using Royal Baking Powder to the exclusion
of all other leavening agents.. The official ana
lysts report it to be ~% greater in leavening
strength than the other powders. It has three
times the leavening strength of many.of' the
cheap alum powders.
It never fails to make good bread, biscuit and
cake, so that there is no flour, eggs or butter spoiled
and wasted in heavy, sour and uneatable food.
Do dealers attempt, because times are dull,
to work off old stock, or low grade brands of
baking powder? Decline to buy them. During
these times all desire to be economical, and
Royal is the most
S-Economical Baking Powder.
'HOUSEKEEPERS, REMEMBER
THAr powdered borax, plentifully
used, will exterminate cockroaches
and water bugs.
ThAT no hamper or other receptacle
of soiled clothing, no matter howhand
somely decorated, should be kept in a
sleeping apartment.
ThAT all tubs and basins in bath
rooms and kitchen sinks and drains
should be flushed with hot water on
every weekly washing day.
THAT dish water, which is al*ays
impregnated with more or less vege
table matter, should be thrown on the
surface of the ground at the back door.
THAT there are few servants so thor
ough that they should not inspect the
refrigerator daily to see that no liquids
are spilled or food allowed to spoil and
contaminate the rest.
IF you own drains, note carefully
how the crops over them are growing.
If you do not, go look at the crops over
your neighbors' drains.
A ONTLEMAN is one who combines
a woman's tenderness with a man's
courage.
SoxE people ride a hobby as thov would a
bicycle--simply for exercise.-N. .. World.
HEW I Noathing Like It.
* Horse Shoe*
Satisfies Everybody. I -PLUG.
TNADS *ARS.
5 SOAPa "g1ws
14 Hard'or Soft Wattr
t bs Soap-worik so-well, that
Womre v rat NO OTHEiW
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
%r'-RATE
EXCURSIOS8
Arkansas and Texas
-VIA THE
COTTON BELT ROUTE,
August 2 and 8, 1838.
Tickets good for return until 80 days frm date et sal..
For full particulars adress
R. T. MATrrEwE, D. P. A., FRED H. JoFrg. D. P. A.,
Louisville. Ky. [ Memphis, Tenn.
W. H. SUTTON, T. P.A., I W. O. ADAM.. T.P. A.,
Chattanooga, Tean. Nasbhville, Ten.
E. W. LABAUM. . 1 P. T. A.. St. Louis, e.
MUSOT EA DCEIVE
ft Pastes. Enamels, nd Pants wbh StaO
las InAVre the Iron,. and bnrn rd.
tloB d. un Sntoren po:1. or1·,lllan., Odoro
or l UIs pakge With every pomlseaf
11Ec~i clt UW"T oa so .
MUST HAVE
for Me. Stamp. Immeneee. llesnttlied. Onlynoad
one ever invented. Meats weights. Bolee Seta!p l
Sea the ealseonemeant of Dr.i.W. Hfatts·,t
Spscltdeg of Nmnpte, which Witw appear In tie ye
i ae sSq0Per a ag
Gan. P. 21W YoruG, the new mini..
ter to Guatemala, writes to an Atlanta
friend that he is well pleased with the
country, 4ts people and its climate, and
especially with the accomplished
American wife of President Barrios. -
Booru's grave at Mount... Auburn
cemetery, near Cambridge, .Wass., is
kept covered with flowers. Most of
the fragrant tributes to the dead actor's
memory have come from Mrs. Jack
Gfrdner, the celebrated Boston society
leader. and Julia Ward Ilowe.
A x&n in Indiana has just died from ex
cessive tobacco chewing. The music at his
funeral should not he a dirge, but an over
chower.-Rochester Democrat.
Ws will give $100 reward for any case of
catarrh that cannot be cured with Hall's
Catarrh Cure. Taken internally. F. J.
Canar & Co., Proprs., Toledo, O.
WIrP (to corpulent hutband ) 'Stand
ust there and let me sit in the shsde."
aumoristische BlDetter.
RED, angry eruptions yield to the aetiou
of Glenn's Sulphur Soap.
oHill's Hair and Whisker Dye, 50 cents.
A DEAF man cannot be legally convicted.
It is unlawful to convict a man without a
hearing.-Siftings.
Tars. evils of malarial disorders, fever,
weakness, lassitude, debility anld prostra
tion are avoided by taking Beecham's Pills.
EDUCATIONAL.
WALL AND MOONEY'S SCHOOL,
- . W "AL FRANKUN, TERN. W..amIT.A..
F1T3oT8 Foa COLLEGE 03 BUIEBL.
Our mtudent. entel Vlanderbllt. On ceril fla
wlthout ermintion. Pott'oiireonr$meteu
r dteo ng i dmislon. Poitei .e im. eout1n
ihoroy3sh. Addrem W. D. itOONy, Ycieqttyrry.
pease Institute FORYOuSN
an.rrnzoar >x w PO. rw. LADIES.
-One oft" IgreaeSstfemale schools o. tien, sot
hr M. grduates in the faculty . usiD
.Catalogue tO JAB.DIDDrIgM A.(0t Unl. Vj
srlu U am rirssunmrr r -
POUNDED IN l8e0.
T. ILIA ACADEMY,
e alhl, ATennedsee.
For VoYuLi~d Calud bw DealauI 81str.
w3Au -s t*Nina ! lse.a ass rr-B
DICKSON NORMAL COLLEDE r"
P A.-s s lK.l . F. rie4, rrI the
Beest, Easii stoUwse ard Che.a pest.
gold b~druggists or sent by mail.
actT. line, Warren. Pa.
* A..- ,, K.. F. 1458
wUI wmrnwo 2mz*Uymmm VLAu3
stale Sh see ea w'h &4teteUm .