bdon't evon
of a fetaller 14
w has been a chronic vnicti
f oateni, t sost ohan faBitters
of freeing his boweroldso the
of ts tan chus dieater This
P-lood Cau"ses atarrh
" Us ba eene mobIwdledwith sonsc than fatted
S .-y b ye s ds,but.
te years with dull headache nearly all the
me. After taking three bottles of Hood's Sar
saparilla, I am cured of catarrh and clear of
h. was also troubled with a lp
. was very annoying, four or five
ce itaking Hood's Saryl rilla I do
o ppett ano d fver e O. r I 1
nosv ay trace of this trouble sleep well.,
ha1e good epartiogosd feel trong. J. M.
C, a.Wa. Ptto , nL
SHood's Cure t
- Nood'te Pllh arepro-ptand eflent, o et
e~aoeinr actl. Sold rlldruggestsr se
fIt is very difficult -
t o convince b
children that
a medicine is I
"nice to take" o Ic
-this trouble bto
is not experi- , n
enced in ad
ministerinA fct
'Sco's Emulsioa n.
of Cod Liver Oil. It is n
tmoso as ~paiataCle as milk. w
No preparation so rapidly.
builds up good flesh, h
strength and nerve force. t
Mothers the world over rely `o
upon it in all wasting diseases S]
that children are heir to. I
seASaO by HSAt . I. TN.. NYoj.aUl co
-German nt
th
JUtE J3. B. HILL, o the Superior ta
Court, Walker county, Georgia, 87
thinks enough of German Syrup toS
send us voluntarily a strong letter e
endorsing it. When men of rank Ps
and education thus use and recom- tit
mend an article, what they say is
worth the attention of the public. at
It is above suspicion. " I have used f
your German Syrup," he says, "for Ce
my Coughs and Colds on the Throat co:
and Lungs. I can recommend it for
them as a first-class medicine. "
Take no substitute. an
You want an Organ. Of course ha
MASON & HAt LIN hsT wonT h
HIGHEST N
HONORS
erAt A Impeatant se'
Vorld's Fairs since
that of Paris, $67, in- F
cludingChicago., 8gj
o and is absolutely u
-UNRIVALLED.
Ilf your local
dealer does not sell
our UPLama and
Oragam, we will
send on oopmove
direct from acty,
to responsible par.
ties, at our expense.
. e eSylelrr. Writefor particulars
NSy-. e"_ mat lPepula Picee Just out."
U' e'ld-..or Easlya Pent Plan or eue d
• -m al w pOn,. Catalog. ue~s Cf. .
rY i· IMOTHERS!
S'".iTNER'S FRIEND"
tie lpainand cdi not esxprllenee that S
aTsLNaC Taa. , era.
..o,9p ' "
,[speeala wasbtieteno stte.1
It is not fair to refer to the senate as
" the millioaatre club," nor "the Amer
Scan house of lords." It is not true that
"only rich men can get to the spaste"
in these degenerate times.
Take a copy of the congressional di
rectory, if you can get one, and point
o-it.those who are known to be, or who
he re even supposed to be, millionaires,
on and you will find the following : Brice,
ma of Ohio; McMillan, of Michigan;
s Mitchell, of Wisconsin; Sherman, of
ý, Ohio; Smith, of New Jersey; Squire, of
to. Washington; Jones, of Nevada; Stew
, art, of Nevada; Stockbridge, of Michi
gan; Washburn, of Minnesota, and
ad White, of California. There are only
eleven men out of a total of eighty
eight, who are even supposed to be
millionaires. They are one-eighth of
the senate membership.. Now in the
house of representatives, there are
thi ,e hundred and fifty-six members,
and forty would be one-eighth of the
bo". _There are about forty members
I E.- ATOB JOlN s nrMA, OF OHIO.
IO of the house w1io are very wealthy:
but their presence in that body does
not excite the ire of critics, nor evoke i
unt-ue accusations of plutocratic
tendencies in the popular branch of
congress.
et It surely is no disgrace to be a mil
lionaire. provided the wealth has been
accumulated by industry, frugality and
thrift; and nearly every fortune in this t
country has been amassed by men who
began life at the foot of the ladder. f
Moreover, it is an insult to the people
of a commdnwealth to insinuate that
any millionaire has purchased a venal
legislature to elect him to the senate.
A venal legislature can only be elected
by a venal people. n
A few years ago there were more C
men of means in the senate than there a
are to-day. The late Senator Stan- b
ford, of California, was a millionaire n
who began life as a poor boy. When *
Senator Joe Brown. of Georgia, de
parted from the senate the aggregate a
wealth of that body was greatly di- d
minished. Senator Brown began life 51
as the poorest and raggedest of Caro- c'
lina crackers and became a five times a:
millionaire; Farwell, of Chicago, who
has 5,000 miles of rail-fences in Texas; d
Hearst, the many-millionaire of the
Golden Gate; Plumb, who had 52,.000 a
month from the "Small Hopes" mine;
Spooner, who earned a pile by hard
knocks: Scott, who began by hoeing
corn at 10 cents a day and climbed up
wards till he counted his income at 05,
000 a day; Spinola, who began at the
lowest round and climbed to the high
est, on which seven figures were writ
ten; Adams. with a 8500.000 wife. and
several other such, have gone, but arej
not forgotten. An odd thing about the
last congress was that three-fourths of
the wealth in both houses belonged to
men whose names begin with S
Sawyer, Stewart, Stanford. Sanders,
Sherman, Shoup, Squire, Stockbridge,
Stahlnecker, Steven and Sam Stephen- as
son-a formidable list of purse bearers.
Every one of them had struggled to
position from penury and were en
titled to the enjoyment of their wealth.
The majority of the wealthy sen
ators whose presence gave foundation
for the original epithet "millionaire cc
club," as applied to the senate, have m
come from the Pacific coast. Senators
Hearst and Stanford, both now de- pa
ceased, were many times millionaires. aS
Stewart. of Nevada. has had his ups th
and downs. The heathen Chinee in
habits the castle which he built during tri
one of his ups. lie lost his all at the
time, but is pegging away again. lie
has a striking physiognomy--put a
sardonic smile on Michael Angelo's ur
portrait of Jehovah. and you have an
Stewart. He is ordinarily good na- N
tured and sometimes rich, but he has pa
several times been brought to the en
verge of poverty by helping his or
friends. His colleague belongs to the in
weplthy wing of the Jones family; cl1
eon
th:
me
e hm
or
juo
yo
5ErNATOR JoIN P. Jo(Es, OF NEVADA. to
and Felton, of California, has been a an
hold and lucky speculator, and hit the
bull's-eye during the oil exrcitement.
Senator Sherman has made most of d
his money in real estate speculations
in this cityandits suburbs. It is gen
erally understood that Mr. Sherman
has bought a great deal of land by the o
acre and sold it by the square foot;
sometimes making thousands of dol
lars on a single deal. His real estate we:
agent in thles city became wealthy out the
of the percentages which he made on the
the senator's business. The senators
from Oregon are well-to-do, ·imt not
rieh. Mr. Allen, of Washinpgn, is a E
popular yount lawyer and grets large con
fees; and Squire has no nightmare son
dreams of the poorhouse. Indeed a hin
newspaper recently announced that he
came to Washington in "a carr Aimed G
with solid sllper." Teller and Wolcott,. n
6 Cot. , are mndertely rich-that 
m~-aei rfdl a~~# oreP~ ube
a. or Tomn Power, of Monteaas;,Is
W i 4_ uaSte of a dilli0 :but Sena*
a u1bs aeeeumulated lesa the
one i undred thousand. Mr. Power
i bgan lide as .a poor boy i Dubqmje,
Ia., -and Mr. Mantle, , a:regn-bora
boy, has struggled thronughmanyriois
situ4as until he has about attained
financial independence. The Idaho
a: senators-and they are practically re
. gardd as from the Pacific alo
a a rich man in the person of Senatri
+. Shoup,.and a poor man in the person
of Senator Dubois. They both com
di- menced life in poverty, and Dubois has
Lnt only held his own while Shoup has ac
ho cumulated many thousands-well-nigh
half a milllon.
, Nearly all of the New England sena
bn; tore and representatives are depend
of ent upon their salaries. This is ex
of actly or nearly true of Frye, Dixon,
w- Chandler and the Massachusetts and
hi- Connecticut senators; but they- are
nd hard-working men of large influence.
ily Hale acquired about $750,000 when he
ty- won Zach Chandler's daughter, and he
has kept it. Morrill and Aldrich be
of gan as grocery clerks, and they now
he count their wealth by six figures. It is
re understood that Walker, in the house
r, from Worcester, is a millionaire, mak
he ing his money in boots and shoes,
where he started as a mechanic.
The great state of New York has
had at least one business man, or in
dependent man, in the senate for many
years. Thomas Platt, Warner, Miller,
William M. Evarts and Edward Mur
phy have been independent, or approxi
mately so. At the same time New
York has furnished men of moderate
means and giant intellects to the great
est deliberative body on earth.
The state of Pennsylvania has, in
the person of Senator Cameron, a man
who is reported to be very wealthy,
and the only member of the senate who
inherited wealth. Senator Quay has
no money to spare, although he has
accumulated enough to keep the wolf
from the door.
The senators from the southern states
are rich only in honor. Nearly every
one of them passed through the civil
war as soldiers battling for a cause
e Ilieved. Their early lives were spent
c upon the tented field and they went
ic through the flame and smoke, the
shout and groan and saber stroke of
terrific combat, in civil war. They are
LI- poor, dependent upon their salaries,
n and have been kept in their positions
d by constituencies of men who fought
and campaigned and suffered with
io them, more than a quarter of a cen
. tury ago. There are no millionaires
from the south.
Under the circumstances it seems
sI probable that my readers will agree
with me that it is not fair.to dissemi
nate the idea nor cultivate the senti
ment that the senate is "a millionaire
club." The fact that a few million- i
aires have held seats in the senate has
1 been used by a very undesirable ele- I
ment to excite, incite or cultivate a
n spirit of resentment towards that body
by the unrestful people; those who I
are not only unsatisfied but forever
dissatisfied. The senate has often l
e stood in the way and prevented the ac
. complishment of socialistic designs s
and desires. It is as conservative as z
o the British house of lords, and more I
deliberate and dignified. No men of t
e
a 1
SIN.
less than mediocre ability ever become
members of the senate. It has sel
dom if ever happened that the legisla- e
ture of a sovereign state has been de
ceived into electing a wicked or vicious
man. c1
It is no credit to the intelligence or n
true. It is baseless. i
SMIT"H D. EunY.
S Cigarette-Smoking Wom en. IC
ip till five or six years ago it was an
less than mediocigarette of anability evening.r become
Ntowmt f ever happened thato the Englisla
tupaperse of assuovere uign stat nearly as beell wome- h
en count acrdonK their acquaintagncesor n
one or twof our people two smoke ermit the re
- ladies' smoking-room. The report ricthat
omen can withe railway companies purchase t
ing carriage for the benate. It isof ladynot p
trumokers Itis premature.but it is believedir
that before or simany years it will b
unusualmore extraordinary to seefind a woman
smokesr than to see anearly woman play. golf
onor tennis. or to women lo smoke either
Valclubs find it necessary to set apart a
one of tae you anily attorney?" asked theas t
"fNo, y'r honorepedint to" replied thrve prisoner,
ingwho was on trialrriage for the benefit of lady
smok"Then the copremature.but it is believedr. t
moKersharp to defend you." see a woman
e'I'd ruthaner you'd 'point somplay.e otherlf
"lawyer jedge, you any attorney"ll the same toh t.
yo, r honor." replijoined the prisonor, drawing ps
the sleeve on trial for stealing cross his nose. b
a 'eetle too well."- court wi Chicago Tribune.te
'I'rutheA Conqueoed 'point some oth,
lawyers. jedVigginge, i ihat kind of a time to
did you have atjoined the prisoner, drawing *
'theOh, lovely! Eveofhiscoat across his no peaceful e
rs.and joyful, aigging-What kind of a time "
"Was Mrs. Traggs there?" p
"0, yes; she and the whole tElass
were there, but they didn't dare open t
their mouths - we were ready for m
them."--Cleveland Plaindealer.
Vindiatioea
Every wife occasionally wishes she
could vindicate herself by letting as
some woman her husband praises have le
him for a few weeks.-Atchison Globe, s
Tee Unuasisaous.5
George-Did your father interpose f
any objection to ohr anarriageP the
bEle-.No, indeed. He l~rgpe~d aselo~p
- .. " - . .. _
ta. : .. .. . .- y p
1 e haveseensitruok - t ii-p est=,
bllt~g ideheappnees of otry oo bone
wihiebidescribed and illustrated in a
book called 'Low Cost Poultry Houses,"
pubished' by the Fanciers' Review,
Chatham, N. Y. We reproduce the euts.
The roosting and laying house, which
constitutes the main building, is 10x20
feet, shown in rearalde view at Fig 1 in
illustration.. The front of the building
is 8 feet high,'with space. of 2 feet be
tween ground run (HI) and bdard. oor
above same, as seen' in Fig. 2 of -the
illustration. The height of roof above
the floor is. therefore. 6 feet. The
rear posts of the building at point of
junction with.the shed, are 5 feet high.
The shed adjoining the rear of the
main structure is 16x20 feet, making
with the space. beneath floor in main
building a ground run of 20x26 feet.
At B is the passage way two feet wide
extending the full width of the building
with door shown at C entering the hen
FIG l
FIG. 2
nery proper. The outer door is seen at
A. The roosting perches are shown
at E, drop boards at F, nests at G and
located under the drop boards. In the
partition back of the nests is a hinged
board one foot wide, through which
opening eggs are taken from the nests.
At 7 is shown a trap door through floor
to ground run. The window in the
shed roof is 3x3 feet and hinged to
afford ventilation in summer. At 8 S
in both figures are shown openings for
ventilation four inches in diameter.
The board in Fig. 2, as before stated,
is two feet above ground and can be
covered with tar paper on which sev
eral thicknesses of newspapers are first
laid and on top of these another layer
of-tarred felt is tacked on with laths
two feet apart This floor should be
kept covered with sand or dry dirt
about three inches deep. Coal ashes
may also be used on it too good advan
tage. Over the roosting drop boards
tarred felt is also put and this is kept
covered with ashes. The inside walls'
of the house are sheathed with slate
paper, over which is tacked a dozen
layers or so of newspapers and then
another layer of slate or tarred paper.
This house is water and wind proof
and so warm that a pan of water will i
scarcely freeze over in it.
Capt. Phillips, bf Chicago, who fur
nished the description of this building,
says: "In building my houseI bought
hemlock lumber, paying 69.50 per M1,
for 2x4s, and S11.80 for common boards,
and 612.50 where they were tongued
and grooved. The run under the
house with the long shed run in addi- t
tion, is an excellent place for fowls at
all times of the year, and it is especial
ly warm in winter, giving also plenty
of scratching room for the hens. In
the summer it is thrown wide open and
the ends taken down, making a cool -
place and affording protection from
rain and winds. In this house, divided n
into pens, were kept last winter6i3 fowls
with the loss of only one."
COST or SIATF.RIAL..
1.60 ft. matched boards, 100 2x: in. scant
line. 70 2x4 joists........................ 120 60
2 windows forcovered run.............. 1 50 i
bm all windows .......... ..... .......... 1 20
.t t74s nails, hardware, etc................. 1 t5
Lth ........................................ 40
5 squares roofing paper ................... 5 00
3 rquares tarred felt for floor............. 3 00 c
8squares sheathing paper ...... ..... .... 1 00
Total cost.... .............13 .... ....g......3
FACTS FOR FARMERS.
1[losr of the successful potato grow- p
ers plant in drills. Only a few use the so
till system and cultivate both ways. 2.
THE cow pea is to the south just what
:lover is to the north. It supplies very
nutritious forage containing a high per A
:ent. of nitrogen.
IT is stated that Illinois has spent
.0,000,000 for road purposes during the a'
)ast ten years, and yet little permanent '
mprovement is noted. ho
THE Russian thistle is taking com- at
)lete possession of field of both Da- at
cotas. Unless vigorous measures are st
aken, it will soon be almost impossible CS
Seradicate it. hi
TH OSE looking to road improvement of
nsist more and more that wide-tired
vagons will greatly simplify the prob
em. WVhere they have been used the
esults have been hig~ly satisfactory.
O most soils of the older settled
tortlons of the United States, manure
vill yield as good returns when applied
o wheat fields as when put on other
rops. On new land this is not true.
t is there liable to go too much to
traw.
FAISIEnS have better food, air and Om
eater than any other class. They also ar
and more time for self-improvement as
nd have fewer things to worry about a.
lost of them will not agree with this sh
tatement and will not be convinced ha
ntil they have tried some other occu- th
ation. They are then willing to go th
ace to the farm and remain con- th
ented. Pu
Vegetables for Poultry. F
A little green food occasionally is not
, necessary for egg production as to
erve for a change. Such substances
ontain but little nutriment compared fe
rith grain, the benefit derived being fi
mostly from their action in preventing lot
onstipation: A head of cabbage oc- k
assionally or a mess of turnips, though ft
dding but little to the ration, being ha
eostly composed of water, will be th
ighly relished by all classes of poul
ry, how ever, because they serve a pur
ose other than as food, and will great- se
Sassist in keeping the fowls in condi;
ion by providing them with stuculent e
material. _
Ponts Is tahe IKeN. rem
The demand for mule~In the south- rl
rn states issteady, the points urged in an
ieir favor betag that their feet are
nailer, and so they injure the crops
as when worktin h theam, and can be
aed in closer roi4 asn horses; they wI
re less liable to isease, are better to
eders, being less MSatidious as tarwhat. fe
emy eat, endure hardship bette-, Mies 1
at so easily -je, and eli
lilI7. -.
Waltt unti iolt bpvbecome accus
+e toaniedo` a"js s tb ' ha t ,he, -change
from lk "tieed-aloe will be felt as
.a littleas iiPdirbh The: growth and de
e- eloposent siade  .`" the ability to'
a eat- and digest solid food should al
," ways be considered in. determining the
", age at which a colt should be weaned.
a. A colt that is allowed to run with its
sh dam all the time-will soon learn to eat
20 out of her box, and can be aooustomed
in to solid food at an earlier age than
ag were it forced to depend upon milk en
e- tirely.
,r If the matres -have to depend upon
le pasturage alone for their supply of
re food as a general rule it will be best
e to allow them to run with their dams
at longer than would be neeessary -if the
h. better plan of feeding the dams a light
es ration of some kindof grain is followed.
ig Oats and wheat bran make one of the
in best rations to give the mares that are
it. suckling colts, as well as the colts, as
le soon as they have a sufficient growth,
ig to commence eating. Plenty of exer
n- cise, good pasturage, its dam well fed
a light ration qct'ran and ground- oats
wil. Jhelp very materially in securing a
good development of bone and muscle
in a growing colt.
Ten days or two weeks before wean
ing it is nearly always best to com
mence gradually increasing the ration
until they are in what may be con
sidered full feed. With good pasturage
they will not then feel. the change wo
much, and this is an important item.
There is no special advantage in hurry- c
ing the growth, but very important to
maintain a steady growth, allowing no
stoppage.
It is best to separate thoroughly at
the start, so that neither can hear the
other, as in this way much useless
it fretting will be avoided. The feed of
a the dam should be of a nature that
d will lessen rather than increase the
fe flow of milk. Dry feed like corn or
d timothy hay will do this better than al
h most any other ration. Give the colt
. plenty of room for exercise, plenty to
ir eat and drink and there will usually it
e be but very little trouble in keeping .V
o the colt making a thrifty growth.
,r VALUABLE FEED TEST.
Experiments Conducted at the Wisconsin
Agricultural Station.
SThe ninth annual report of the TVis
consin agricultural experiment sta- t8
tion recently issued furnishes the re
s sult of the test of the feeding values of
e ground linseed cake, which they desig
nate as oilmeal and cottonseed meal.
s Ten good grade Shropshire lambs were a,
used for the experiment. The test be
s gan on .uly 16 and continued until hi
t September 24. ten weeks. The lambs
were divided into two lots of five each.
The first lot averaged 551 pounds and ta
the second lot 531 pounds. Both lots hi
were pastured in the same field.
The first lot were fed a ration con- t
sisting of one part oil meal and two ye
1 parts corn meal, by weight, and pas
ture.
The second lot were fed a ration con
sisting of one part cottonseed meat and qi
two parts corn meal, by weight, and pas
ture.
Both lots were fed all they would ea
eat with a relish. While each lot al
ways ate the grain given them, yet PC
those in the first lot receiving the oil
and meal mixture were more eager in ki
eating theirs.
The first lot made an average gain of
33 pounds during the ten weeks, while t
the second lot made an average gain of
.10 pounds during the same time. The vi
first lot ate 432.5 pounds of the oil meal )ii
mixture and the second lot ate 346.
pounds of the cottonseed meal mixture.
The cost per hundred pounds gain of
the first lot is given at $2.09, and of the
second lot at 6±25.
The results of the trial are summar
ized as follows:
1. For feeding lambs, a grain mix- wi
ture of oil meal and corn meal gave In
better results than a grain mixture of to
cottonseed me~ql and corn meal. in
2. The lambs fed the oil meal made a eo
greater gain than those receiving the
cottonseed mixture. During the ten l
weeks' trial the lambs fed the oil meal tbh
ration each made a weekly gain of 3.30
pounds, while those getting the cotton- am
seed ration each made a weekly gain of me
2.95 pounds.
CHEAP FARM BARN. o
A Four Hundred-Dollar Structure for a
SNaall Farmer.
Our illustration is of a farm barn Vt
adapted to the needs of a small farmer ci
who keeps a few cows as well as _s
horses. It may be made 30 feet long,
and the main part 20 feet wide. The
annex or shed can ,be divided up into
stalls for cows, and compartments for the
calves, brood sows or ewes. This part
has no mow. The main part has a row
of stalls along the outside for horses
A CHEAP FARMSI BARN.
On the side next the annex or shed are
arranged harness rooms, feed bins, etc.,
as may be required. A space is left for
a feedway in front of the mangers As
shown in the illustration the room for.
hay in the mow is limited. However,
the corner post can be made higher
than here given, in order to furnish all
the room desired. This barn can be
put up for $350 or S1400.-Orange Judd
Farmer.
Getting Rid of RSts
An Ohio farmer, writing to the Amer
ican Agriculturist, says: On the barn
floor I placed a thirty-six gallon kettle
filled half full of rye. A plank six feet
long led from thl- floor to the top of the
kettle. The rye was left in the kettle
for about a fortnight, until the rats
had become thoroughly famlihr with
the kettle and were making it the head
quarters for their nightly revels with
seeming confidence that no harm wasN
intended. when, very treacherously one
evening, water was substituted for the
grain, and a half-inch of chafifrom the
barn floor concealed the water. The
result was that twenty-one drowned
rats were forked out the first morning
and sixty-two within a week, and
after that no rats were seen fer a.year.
ILURsoASs is about the only crop
which can be profitably raised- undce
trees. Pasture it by inclosing with a
fence if the trees are -i a grove. If
along a field have a few movable p-sn
la of IIghtfne and pat thei hoep or
es~itlvtdbrs· ,;-·2`
Royal Baking
Ig o - .i - ?·
It is Absolutely
AU others contain ahnn or amnaoni"a ;
War is it that tbeAreckle-fased boy who
puts bent pins on the teacher's chair and I
takes the good boy's "reward of merit" i
cards away from him always sings "I want a
to be an angel" louder than anybody else in
the Sunday school?
A NewARnk boy when asked what the text
was answered: 'Many arb cold, but few are
frozen."-Newburyport News.
JAesoN says the butcher may pretend
e be your tr-end, but he'll give you a ter
:ible roast whenever he gets a chance.
IExProssois of Coughing are stopped by
Hale's Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
WATs-"Large bodies move slowly-"
Pott--"Did you ever see a fat man slip on
a banana peel?"-Indianapolis Journal.
WAEw a burglar askls the conundrum:
"VWhere is your money?" it is generally the 1
wisest plan to give it up.-Life.
Tan reason that the ggesrs at the Na
tional park leap so high is because they are e
eomposoed of spring water.
Tan road agent never trusts the public.
His motto is "spot cash."-Kate Field's
Washington;
A mLoon-wAsns.No match would not at
tract much attention. It would be classed
as a scrub race.
A mndh-on.nE color-sky blue.
NowE can.know what suffering really is
except those who love.-Ram's Horn.
Fzw who ply the quill for a living succeed
in featnering their nests. - Kate Field's
.- Washington.
THE truth will not down, yet we must all
swallow it.
IT looks as though women living near the
poles would be the first to vote.
VIHEN a captain of a vacht gets on a port
tack he ought to have his shoes on.
MANTr i girl ;-hoe maerrie for leisure ro
pents in haste.-Elmira Gazette. t
THE shoo dealer is one man who makes .1
nothing by having footwear half sold. a
A THIEF has little social standing, though t
he strives to pick his company always. I
Is some of the cyclone-blowing states of s
the west the people are afraid to have a
high school. ii
IT doesn't maketnaekdiffbencohow hard b
the times may be, th a ys a boom in
yachts.-Phlhadelphd .r- d
"I AM. destitute of said the a
moneylcss man. "Doll P' sal the man I
who had no place of abode. "I atwithout
quarters." _.
,CAN be sonn on all quarters-the arcS d
eagle. __ __
IN carrying a gun the great point is . 0
point the muzzle the other way.
lMosT of the things that "every
knows" are not true at all.
IT's a very poor family that hasn't a bone
to picd with somebody.
VIsITOR-"Do you regret the past?" Con- -
victed Counterfeiter--"'Oh, no! It's what
didn't pass that I feel nad about."
WHEN 'OU' CAN'T EAT
without that uncomfortable feeling of full
ness or drowsiness afterward, then it's time
to take Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets. They
make digestion easy. Keep a vial of them
in your vest-pocket, and take one after
every hearty meal.
Its time to take them, too, whenever -
you "feel bilious." They're specific for
biliousness. They act wonderfully upon
the liver.
These tiny, sugar - coated Pellets - the sr
smallest, the pleasantest to take, and the
most natural in their ways-abadlutely and
ermannently. ere Constipation, Janudice,
Biliousness, Indigestion. Sick or Bilious
H-eadaches, Sour Stomach, and every liver,
stomach, and bowel ditorder.
Chronie Nasal Catarrh.
N.M. Honow,. Es., of Laketowen, Rich e .,
Utah, says: . was suffiering from ehronlo
catarrhnand bought half-dozen bottles of your wz
Dr. Sage's Catarrh ltemedyy and I am happy to
say I am permanently cured of that disease."
S What do you Wish for,
in the way of easy work? You can have
it, if you'll use Pearline. With anything
you can think of, that water doesn't hurt,
the easiest way to wash it or to
clean it is to take Pearline.
You can't do any harm, by
doing away with that wearing
rub, rub,-rub. Besides, with al
most everything, there are
special reasons why you should
use Pearline. For instance:
There's no shrink to flannels,
ifthey're properlywashed with it.
"this is as good as" or the same as Pcarline." IT'
FALE-Pearline is never peddled, if your fir sends.
7O ans imitatidh be honest-ad it Dk. 45 SAlMES PYL, New York.
TikcLDElN JULE
Clairette Soap - N
.or elotles-+ ' ;
fcet -oo- I
As MJtanawa
borro yor~! "
USE
CLA.IR
E~TTE (
SoAP
io Jeauxrv-apa, can a
id ther-"'No, certainly not.
"' ask such a foolishqesOinP' JO
t I onl because a'wl ~a smb a
i spring!" - w.+ ;
"I SEN signs of An1q e spr qsf-tb
t small boy, softly to himself, as s o al
teacher sit down on the oauat- l
which "he had placed upon the 5achen.
chair. _______ -
Rd "YooTought to he very prOud of
Swife. She is a brilliant talker.d " ouare
right, there." "Why I could listenhtller
all night." "I often do."-Texas Sn
COUGHS AND CoLDs. Those w
Slg from Coughs, Colds, Sore,
should try Baow.r's SROiNgIrALe
Soldonly in bo. Price 25 cents. .
in
Thooran--"Vhat's the matter, Cbo!vl
Cholly-"I don't know. 1 don't feel like
.: myself to-day." Trotter-"WhyS, Coolly,
e let me congratulate you."--Broorlyn Life
S. K. Couaa., Mgr., Clario Scott,. writes:
S"I find Hall's Catarrh Cure a-valuable res
edy." Druggists sell it, 75c. -
As A rule, there is nbthing more wearing
on a man than a lawsuit.
' '
o im'prove t " .
tends to personal enjo t
rightly used. The " " .
Ster than others and enjoy?
ls expeanditure, by
adapting the world's
the needs, of physica].
the value ttohe fe.
laxative priclp.
remedy, Sarup of Filgs.i .
Its excellenc is due to.
in the form most -a.e an t
beneficial +o
ieani e~n-s.- pe . .titio
It ha. Kivent n .7
met with te' a ofth h -vi
nc iver elm t1` -
Sening them and pc'fectly free from
every objectionable sub.tance..
Syrup of igs is for sale by all drug-
sts in c and bottles, but it is man- "
fl.e California Fig Syrup
only, wh e is printedonevery
pýckago, also e, Syrup of Figs,
and being well ned, ou iwill not
acept any aubati f o.m
CASINGS IRO.
___ w m WORKS.
Machinery and Machinery Supplies.
ESTABLISIED Isa.. I Write tforprles.
INOOHwOaTUD lai. lemphisl Team.
aý ýAnUt Harm
0. IV. N 5NYDKU. Sin .. M sa 'I
3IoVicLkors' T'1heator, Ptcs, U
CANCER lmtre td without use of Caentor 01
knlf,. "O euro no oy, and nc
:ufl until cured." Address .1. W
ATT1". 31. D., Meomphis. Teenn
Pl,-Nm iHO i P lln a ttm,)c aril..
35 Cough C lo t RE s Good. use
bntfs Boa -
A. N. K., F. 1478
WHEN wrnTINo TO AIsVERTISEa. PLE-AS
atIat that you sew the *dvertl~cmnt tl thLi
paper.