trip a ek
The ladies
,.havesent us . o,. .firstfis
the season.
Dr. Roy Young, Mr. O. Blanchet
and Dr. Sid Dypleix, of Royville,
were in iafayette Thursday.
- Mrs. M J. Peterman, of Frank
tin, -, 3isiting -her daughter, Mrs.
W.TA. lark of this town.
7 Alex ltelahoussaye went to New
Orleans this week on business and
pleasure combined.
The; e was a party at the residence
of Mrs. O. J. Sprole last Saturday
night. A large number were pres
ent and a good time waR had.by all.
That -Father LaForest's fair on
the 15th and x6th, will be worthy
the cause for whicl- t is given, goes
without saying.
Don't forget that on the z5th and
16th of-this month thege will be a
grand festi EIat Carencro for the
ibeuefit fo th $ew church.
We are informed that the Union
club of Pilette and an pOptousas club
will play a gate' at the latter place
on the 3oth instant.
Cash paid for old gold at Bios
sat's jewelry store.
The Gazette has received from
Mr. G. H. de. Clouet the program
of this year's commencement of the
Washington & Lee University.
The ladies of the Presbyterian
church will serve refreshments for
the benefit of their church, at Prof.
LeRosen's entertainment, June 14.
Mr. and Mrs. Sid J. Bouchard
and children returned to their home
in Lafayette Thursday evening.
They were on a visit to. relatives at
'Des Allemands.
Mr. and Mrs. A. R. Lisbon y en
tertained a number of friends last
Wednesday upon the occasion of
the 23d anniversary of their mar
riage.
Misses. Louise and Amelie Lock
er, of St. Martin, left here for New
Orleans on the excursion Tuesday
morning in company with Mr. and
Mrs. H. Billaud.
Agents and Canvassers to sell the
greatest patented kitchen utensil of
the day. Sells on sight. Electric
Cake Beater and Dropper Co. 3ox
New Orleans National Bank Build
ing, New Orleans, La.
Send your watches, clocks and
jewelry for repairs by mail or ex
press to Biossat, the reliable watch
maker and jeweler.
Mrs. F. Fortune and daughter,
Miss Cecile, left yesterday for their
home at Berwick. Miss Fortune
:has been quite sick during her stay
in this town, but her many friends
are pleased to know that she has
completely recovered and is once
more enjoying her former good
health.
J. A: Allingham has brought to
this offce a very large peach plucked
from a tree in his orchard in this
town. It was a delicious peach and
is only an other evidence of the
adabtability of our soil to the cul
tivation of fruits.
The commencement exercises of
the High School will take place
Friday, June '4, at Falk's Opera
House. An admission of 25 cents
will be charged to realize money
to make some necessary repairs to
the High School building. The
piogram is well selected and the
exercises will be full of interest.
There will be a dance at the conclu
sion of the entertainment.
Children's Day.
Last Sunday was "Children's
Day" at the Methodist church. The
church was taxed far beyond its seat
ing capacity and many were !com
pelled.to stand during the services.
Over one hundred children, all
members of the Sunday School,
took part in the exercises and the
manner in which they acquitted
themselves reflects much credit up
on the worthy superintendent, Mr.
David Riggs, and those who -volun
teered their assistance. Each di
vision of the school was presented
with a silken banner by the ~ev. T.
SvRandle. Mr. Riggs reatd an in
tereasting paper, showing by statis
" ricwhbat the M:E.. Church South
. oii~she during the past *year for
a  arid doqmestit missions,
4~ttensions, also showing the
n of communicants and the
0working and expenditures
o urch.
~: xl~
ie
- ,ý it is settled that
it war aItrtated, a handsome
amount having already been sub
scribed by the cit;zens for that pur
pose. The committee on sub
scribtions made a house to house
canvass of the town and the results
of their efforts to raise the necessary
funds have been very satisfactory.
The committees have not yet
made known the nature of all the
attractions but it is safe to say that
they will be both novel and inter
esting. The baby show will doubt
less prove, a prominent feature of
the celebration. It can not fail to
draw the ladies. It is new here and
it will be -really funny, We have
the material in abundance and it
will only be necessary to induce the
good mothers to bring their "'dim
pled darlings" to the show. If only
one-fifth of our. baby population
turn out it will.be a howling success.
Of course after the decision there
will be much gnashing of teeth
and savage threats will be uttered
against the lives of the judges, but
these are the inevitable conse
quences of a baby show; without
them the baby show would be in
complete. There will be innumer
able other things to amuse the pub
lic. Bicycle, trotting, mule and horse
races, a tournament, a ball, a base
ball game, etc. The following are
the committees :
-Executive Committee-Wm Campbell,
chairman; Dr. Girard, B Falk, Homer
Mouton, Geo M Gonlsby,
10:30o. Address of welcome by. C. O.
Mouton, president Business Men's Associa
tion.
Oration, Judge Conrad Debaillon.
S1:30. Baby Show. Committee: Mmes
J J Revillon, E Constantin, E McDaniel,
Felix DeManade, E L Swindler.
2:oo. Bicycle Races. Committee-Rene
Parkerson, Dr Raney, C Bienvenu, J Ducote.
Trotting Race Committee-A M Martin
and E Constantin.
Mule Race Committee-Archie Morgan
and J Revillon.
Hone Race Committee- A Peck, D A
Cochrane.
Tournament Committee-Dr Girard,
chairman; J Nickerson, Crow Girard, Dr A
R Trahan, Baxter Clegg, Dr Martin, H A
VanderCruyssen, Walter Mouton, Louis La
coste, Victor Levy, Emanuel Pellerin, J A
Landry, Pink Torian, Felix Salles, Henry
Hohorst.
Ball. Arrangement Committee-B Falk,
chairman; Dr Moss, T M Biossat, J O
Mouton, C A Stewart.
- Reception Committee-C O Mouton,
chairman; J I Bell, O C Mouton, Alfred
Hebert, A E Mouton, Frank Moss, T A
McFadden, Isaac Broussard, John Hahn.
Floor Managers---Wm Campbell, chair
man; Geo M Goulsby, Dr Girard, L Bagary,
Raoul Pellerin, Homer Mouton, Dr A R
Trahan, Jack Nickerson, H L Fontenot,
Baxter Clegg, H A VanderCruysscn, A De
Lahoussaye.
Subscription-Dr Hopkins, chairman;
Dr Moss, Wm Campbell, Dr Girard, B Falk,
Walter Mouton, A M Martin, E G Voorhies.
A Remarkable Cure of Rheu
matism.
Westminster, Cal., March a ,
x894.-Some time ago, on awaken
ing one morning, I found that I
had rheumatism in my knee so bad
ly that, as I remarked to my wife,
it would be impossible for me to
attend to bussiness that day. Re
membering that I had some of
Chamberlain's Pain Balm in my
store I sent for a bottle, and rubbed
the afficted parts thoroughly with it,
according to directions, and within
an hour I was completely relieved.
One application had done the busi
ness. It is the best liniment on the
market, and I sell it under a posi
tive guarantee. R. T. HARRIs.
For sale by all druggists.
A child of Mr. and Mrs. Mc
Cormick of Beaumont, Texas, died
at the Crescent Hotel Friday morn
ing. The parents were on their way
to New Orleans for surgical aid for
their child, but when they reached
this point its condition was such
that they* decided not to proceed
any further. Drs. Hopkins and
Martin were called but it was too
late and the little infant expired.
- First Communuion.
One hundrgd and eighty children
received the sacrament of commu
nion at the Catholic church last
Thursday morning. As usual this
most beautiful ceremony had at
tracted a large crowd of people
from differett parts of the parish.
Among the priests who participated
in the ceremonies were Fathers
Maltrait, of this place, B. Branch
of Rayne, and A. B. Langlois of
St. Martinville. The children
were in charge of the good
sisters of the Mount .Carmel,
convent, to whom is due much cred
it fot the splendid d scipline of the
little ones which was a noticeable
feature of the celebration. Just
before the sacrament wrs admibis
tered o the children the c.noir.sang
-"Lauda 6ion'" which was followed
by "L'Aige et L'Ame" a duo, ren
dered with much success by Mrs.
Alf. Mouton atnd Mr. H. Vander
Cru3 ssen. Before and after the
ceremony, the Pelican Brass Band,
i nder the leadership of Prof. Henrt
Goc, delighted the vast gather
in front of the church witb
Tbpriate pieces of music..
A Word In Yotir Ear.
will save yoi money If you' heed 'it. Tim.es
SI ias, goi a they were. They are im
roing,A t.r-dtiti we must all retrench.
Foterly- we'dould afford to subscribe for
half a dosen, possibly even a dozen, news
papers and magazines. 'Now we must get
along with two or three. Our home paper
we must have-can't get along without that
anyhow. We always.found a good deal in
the other, and magazines that we
didn't especiallycre for. If we could just
get a good'wek y jnurtmal that would give
us the creati of al these other papers and
magazines, the things beat worth reading and
preserving,'we could save both money and
time, and still keep up with the world's do
ing aad thinking. Well, now, von can get
just such a journal-PUBLIC OPINION,
published in New York City. Write for
sample copy, or call at this oflice for infor
mation and special rate if taken in connec
tion with The Gazette.
Having used Chamberlain's Cough
Remedy in my family and found it
to be a first-class article, I take
pleasure in recommending it to my
friends. J. V. ]osTER, Westport,
Cal. For sale by all druggist. f
Carencro News.
Get ready for th . -stival which
will takeppac e Cyencro on the
S5 th and t-bof this:iimnth.
Mesdanies J..-- P. F.rancez, D.
Layret, Miss Eugenie Bernard and
Miss Brasseaux returned home from
their trip to the. sea-shore, a few
days ago, having had a most en
joyable time.
Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Brown, ac
companied by Mr. and Mrs.
George Melchoir, were visitors in
New Iberia last week.
High colored society was shaken
to its very foundation last Thurs
day week. An elopement, a dis
tracted mother, an irate father, an
energetic constable, a restoration
to her parents of the runaway
daughter, followed by a speedy
marriage, and reconciliation be
tween all concerned.
Archbishop Janssens will deliver
a lecture at the new church build
ing on Sunday, June, x6th at 2 p. m.
He has selected as the subject of
his discourse "The Early Days of
Louisiana" which is suggestive of
much that is interesting and instruc
tive.
Dr. Arthur Guilbeau, of Breaux
Bridge, was in Carencro last Sat
urday visiting relatives and friends.
Rev. Father LaForest, Dr. W. W.
Lessley, and Messrs. Perrault and
LaBerge were in Church Point last
week, the guests of Rev. Father
Aybi.
Mr. W. A. Robert returned home
a few days ago, after a week's visit
to relatives in Ville Platte.
Our town marshal has declared
war against stray and worthless
dogs. Good enough!
The ladies and gentlemen who
are to conduct the entertainment on
the x5th and x6th of this month,
are determined to make it a thor
ough success, and carry it out ac
cording to programme, rain or
shine.
Mrs. M. M. Thibodaux was a
visitor among friends in Sunset last
Saturday and Sunday.
The information comes to. us
from all sides, that so far the crops
are in first class shape; and far
ahead of what they were last sea
son. The cane and cotton acre
age is about the same as last year,
while that of corn has been largely
increased.
Grand concert June z5th. En
tertainment to conclude with the
laughable farce entitled "Les
Prunes" by Mr. L. G. Stelly of
Carencro, and Mr. Ed. Laberge of
Montreal. There will also be a
concert on the night of the z6th.
An effort is being made to "tie"
a race between three of the best
colts in this section.
We do not hear much about pol
Itics lately; but there is one thing
sure, Carencro must be represented
on the parish ticket, the coming
election.
Judge O. P. Guilbeau and wife
were in Breaux Bridge last Saturday
and Sunday.
The picnic given by the pupils of
Miss Madeline Melchoir last Sun
day proved a very enjoyable affair.
Mr. Jules Jeanmard and wife,
were visitors to Carencro relatives
last Sunday.
Physicians now reccomnend the New Or
leans Daily States Cigar as being of super
ior merit and having a fine aroma.
Some time ago I was taken sick
with a cramp in the stomach, fol
lowed by diarrhoea. I took a cou
ple of doses ofthamberlain's Colic,
Cholera and Diarrhoea Remedy and
was immediately relieved. I con
sider it the best medicine in the
market for all such complaints. I
have sold the remedy to others and
every one who uses it speaks highly
of it. J. W. STRICKLER, Valley
Center, Cal. For sale by all drug
gists.
If you want to enjoy comfort .at
small cost, keep flies and mosqui
toes out by getting door and
window screons from Moss & Mou
ito.
- City Gout cil Procecdfrigs:
LAFAYRETT.E, LA., JUNE 4, 1895.
The regular meeting of the City " Council
was held this day, and there were present:
A. J. Mosq, mayor; - Dr. J. D. Trahan,
Messrs. J. O. LeBlanc, O. C. Mouton, Jos.
Ducotes.Lo Doucet, B. Falk and T. M.
Biossat.
After Leading of minutes it was moved
and seconded that the article in last minutes
be amended from (compile articles of cor
poration and minutes of council) and read as
follows: Compile charter of corporation
and ordinances of council. Otherwise ap
proved.
Moved by O. C. Mouton, seconded by
Dr. J. D. Trahan, that finance committee be
allowed more time in which to complete the
laborious work they have in hands. They
to inform mayor WlheQ completed and he to
call special meetii'g at such time as he may
see fit. Granted.
Moved by O. C. Mouton, seconded by
Jos Dncote, that all accounts be submitted
to proper committees-a days previous to sit
ting of council.
Following accotfnts were approved:
W. B. Bailey, services as returning
officers.......................... ..............$5 oo
C. J. Sanders, 5o ilog collars.......... 7 50
A. Robichaud, repr'ng bridges & side
walks... .......... ....... .. ........5 50
R. L. McBride, I8 days work plank
walk at $So per.month................... 18
Moss Bros & Co., nails, and lamp
chimney.............................. ........ 3 42
Leonard Landry, I month salary light
ing street lamps......................... 15 00
D. J. Veazey, 19 days salary as Con. 31 6o
D. J. Veazey, hauling II dogs 25 cents
each ................................................ 2 75
Total amount $82 65
Moved by Dr. Trahan, seconded by Leo
Doucet, that all bridges on line of old cor
poration that are in bad repair be imme
diately attended to.
Upon motion of T. M. Biossat duly sec
onded the chair appointed a committee of
three to confer with the Police Tury in re
gard to having all bric'ges leading out of the
old corporation put in thorough repair and
especial attention to be called to bridges
leading out of town over coulee near Dr.
Franklin Mouton's place. The mayor ap
pointed on said committee Dr. J. D. Trahan
T. M Biossat and O C Mouton. They were
instructed to report at next regular meetting.
REPORT OF COLLECTOR.
To the /on. IMayor and C uneiltmen of the
Town of Lafayette.
I have collected the following sums since
the 13th day of May 1895, to-wit:
Taxes of 1892.. ...........................$ 2 50
Taxes of X893.................................... 50
Taxes of 1894................ .................. 6 823
Licenses of 1895------------......... ..----....... 78 50
Dog tags ........................................ 15 oo
Fines on stock................................ 8 75
Total $ 134 o07
Respectfully submitted
D. J- VEAZEY, Constable & Collector.
TREASURER'S REPORT.
To tie Hon. Mayor and Members of the
City Council df Lafayette:
May so, 1895 to amt cash in hands
of A Nleveu, treas. approved
by finance committee...............$10o27 44
May 13, to am't of cash rec'd since
report of f. c. from Mayor
Wm Campbell for fines and
bazars................................... 35 oo
$1062 44
CR.
By the following outstanding warrants
paid by A Neveu, treasurer as follows:
May 13 1895, by cash paid to
Wm Campbell, warrant 546..............$ 75 oo
N. Reaux, assessor warrant 545........ 75 00
G. Landry, warrant 540....... ....... 25 00
R. I.. McBride, warrant 544 ....... ... 1 23
A Neveu, secretary and tr. 547 ----- 5 o0
J 0 Mouton, warrant 549...... ........ 6 So
Oneil Baron, warrant 551--.... -----.... 2 75
Peop. S. Bank warrant 532 ...------------ 5 o
Peop. S. Bank warrant 535 ................ 550.00
Total $' 345 87
DR.
May 15, 1895, cash on hand turned over
to me by A. Neveu, out-going treasurer
$2x6.58.
By amount cash paid on outstanding war
rants:
May r6, 1895, by cash to
Wm Clegg, warrant 52 ....... ...........$100 00
Wm Graser warrant 550 ................ 2 00
May 17, A M Martin, warrant 552.... x5 oo
May 18, H Billaud, warrant 553 ....---- 18 40
Waters P Oil Co., warrant 548 -----.. 36 48
Laf. Pub. Co., warrant 554................ 37 50
Total $2o9 38
June 3 :895, to bal. on hand. $7 20
Cash received from
D. J. Veazey, col. and con. (taxes
1892)............................ 2 50
D J Veazey col. and con. (taxes
1893)--............-................ 2 50
D J Veazey, col. and con. (taxes
1894).............................. 26 82/
D J Veazey, licenses x896............ 78 50
D J Veavey, dog tags................. 5 00
DJ Veazey, fines on stock.......... 75
$14x 273,
June 3rd, Respebtfully submitted,
D. V. GARDEBLED, Treasurer.
The following petition was submitted to
the City Council, for annexation of addi
tions to old corporation:
To the Hon. A. J. Moss, mayor, and to the mem
bers ot the Council of the town of Lafayette. State
of Louisiana.
The petition of the undersigned residents of the
parish of Lafayette, State aforesaid, respectfully
ehatremain Fr.c.. parish surveyor of this par
ish has lately, oa or about the ,6th day of May.
5895. surveyed the lots or iands lying and being sit
uated contiguous and adjacent to tise territorial cor
porate limits of the town of Lafayette. in said par
ash, the boundaries whereof are as tollows and which
will more fully appear by reference to the proces
vesbal and plat oi survey of such lands accompany
ingthis petition. to-wit: htartng from a point on the
coulee west of said town, being a bride letween
Henr i ohoprst's pl. ace nd the pl.ce no.w owned byl
Dr. Franklein Muton.A formerly belonging to i.
Eastin iuning N. 86 degrees and u , V. a small ash
tree 33 feet, N. 673 E 6 ft. Thence follow'ing the cot
Lee N 4 E. 30o ft. Thence N. 57 ftI 1k. 300 ft.
Trhence N. is oja E. 17o t, lea'sing Hohorst's place
tothegrave yard. aoft,. thence N. t5 E.3i3 ft.
thence N. i856 E. iso ft. ldring church property tip
toJudice'sproperty, 470 whence N. 7 tla W. 4o0
ft. then an oak S. 35 to in S. 56 E. 36t. a red oak.
thence N. up E. 300 to thdaoutheatern corner of A.
Greih's Land thence N. i1a E. 6c3 ft. to tile struiet of
the bag ditch running in \ Iills addition 653 ft. 8
to the N. side of thle Louisiana Wstern Rilroad
t ork and inclnding its righst of way," ithcece E.
emto' twEadr, ncor-[
sor4 ft. thence o. 77 E. 43oo ft, dc D touthe E't poner
tion of the back yard ot Dr. s1. S. hudd's place.
Thence 43rl E. 8so ft. to the Northeast end ot tin
coin's AvenIue across same tp to the dEastern portion
of Menton Richard's place 940 ft. continuing up tuo
Crow Girard's land thence 55 to 70 ft. up to the
Eastern portion of Nickcrson's land purchaedl fIrone
D. A. Cochrane following the eastern line thorcof
864 ft. sip to lowdcll's place thene S. 27 Vt. 890 ft.
into lane leading to Albert Chargois' place 9c6 it.
across said lane 955 ft. o red oak 2 ft. in dinmeter.
thence S. 46 W: op to Mlouton's dddition 18ao it.
thenceS, a9 %V. ttoond lane rt4I ft. thence t.,
Pinhook rod adn 5 ft. thence along said roud
49 i\V. up to the coale 19ga . ft. theoces
S. 34 W. 400 ft to the Southeastern corner of
the garden of thu tirard place, thence thlrotuigl the
Girard pasture N. 67 \V. 960 to Dr. Faanklin Moo
ton's land running40oft. therein, thence N. 85 \V.o
462 ft. a red oak back of Dr.Franklin MIoutosn's stroto
4eo ft. upto said coulee west of town. rhence alottg
said coulee 586 ft. sip to said siaritng point.
They aver that they are more than one-third in
number iad in value of the bons fide owners of the (
lots or bluds lying and being situated between th,
limits of said survey made by Romain Franccr.; :t
aforesaid and the territorial corporate limits of the
town of Lafayctte as fixed by act irs of i869 as tol
lows: lteginning at a point on the coulee weat ol
ihe town at its iatcrsection with the streets rumitninl
East atid W est in the Mlills addition, betwetin th
lots twenty and twevty-three in the plan made Ity
John Cuunpbell, United States surveyor. Mlarch igt
eighteest hundred and fifty-six. and runnitrg east t
the intersection of said street with Jeflerson stiaCt to
Mr. Charles Mouton's line sod following thatithe
to the western limits of A. louton's field. tnclc.ure ,
or ditch, and following that ditch sonth to its inter
section with the line of third street; thence Lollasin
westerly the said third street and its. continsiation t
the coulee, west of the town, and following the mid
dIe of said coule4to the point of beginning. 'le
linuets, further aver that the Iota or luds l iiCg hC
two thhu ist4 alurastsid are edmjnant a+ ,oanig;
.  ,, . - ...-. . f. ,' .,- -. ._
uous to the territorial corporate limits of the town of
Lafayette and that most of the said lands have here
topore been surveyed into town iots and lie In what
is known as the MiHts, Mouton and McComb addi
tions whereon are residing a number of citiNso. that
they desire that the lots or lands aforesud be an
nexed to and included in the temrritorlal corporate
limits of said town of Lafayette so as to constitute a
part thereof and be sub)cct to the jurisdctdon, on;
tro and is thority of std town. as fully tb the same
effect and to all intents and purposes as if the same
had been originally included in the territorial cor
porante limits thereof.
Wherefore petitioners respeetfully p ray that your
honorable body order'an election to be held by the
qualified electors residing and upon the lots or lands
proposed to be annexed to the said town of Lafa
yette submitting the proposition to be voted on at
such election. whether they desire that such lots or
lands shall be noexed to and included in the terri=
torial corporate limits Of miad town, and that said
election be held after notices, publications and pro
ceedings'required under provisions of act No. toy of
rSgs. (signed.)
Ella Martin,-to authorize my wife, Elia
Martin, Orther C. Moaton, Mrs r T. ,1. .EM
wein, J Alf Mouton, for Heirs Wid Judice,
Philip M routon, Coralina Martin to authorize
my wife, Joseph Ducote, Joseph Judlin,
Alexis Voorhies, Matilde Gardner, Chas 1)
Caffery,' A T Caillouct, F Dcmanade, Ulyse
Pointboeuf, Celimene MIouton, to authorize
my wifen,Alcee Mouton, Erwin oinoutot 1,
C. Triay, J I Younger, Alfred Itfbert, J A
Landry Mentor Richard, Arthur Hcbhert,
Lucien Alleimant, Ois tnark, Octave Rigues,
Iu. F tingucs, A E - m Raton, I; Richard, J
Nickersor., J. I Allingham, authorizing my
wife and for myseif, Arita Mouton, Jz L Mou
ton, I F Dow~All, Per Chas., ). -Cfftry,
Ir A Girard per Crow Girard, Cs A irnrd,
per'Crow Girdtt, Crow Girard.- N P Moss,
L uspin, Mrs 1) B Vanderwa'ter, authoriz
ing my wife and for my self, D) B Vander
water,.J A Delhoome, C. H Lusted, Clarisse
illiams, Julian Mouton, A J Mloss, Orther
C Mouton, Alf F Cayard, Autoine Close, H
GankRndorff, E Prioullaud, The Sduthlero
Develop Co., by J G Park-rson gen. Agent,
Jules Pointbocuf, James Radcliff, Jacob Ba
chest, Marie Julie Mouton, to authorize my
wife i' ThouMpson Jr., Mrs Catherine Ro
gers her mark, W 1 I-Duff, authorizing my
wife Julia Hutf, Aurelia Veazey to authorize
my wife J A Veazey, Chas. 0 Mouton, A
Degrez, I A 3roussard, Auguste Albrdrad.,
Fred Mouton, L Levy It Falk, G A Martin,
Leo Doucet, II Church, A A Mouton, B
Donlan, R C Gretig, Dr J L Duhart, Jos
Hannen, J B Comus, S T Givens, Thos B
Hopkins, F G .Mouton, IH Billiaud, Abray
has Hlirsch, Mrs C P Alpha, Jules 0 Dugas
E Hi Parkerson authorizing my wife and
for mtiy self, J G Parkerson, AM F Mudd, to
authorize my wife, Dr F S Mudd, Henry
Fereige, J J DIavidson, Leon Plonsky, It
Oucilhe, A I Church, agent, A T Boye, J
Jos HIannen, John Hannen, JbE Moutonj
Gerac Bros., Alex Billaud, Mrs Ed Guidry,
Mrs R Riu, Clemtlle Trahan, T D Colemand
C Lusted Sr., Panlizer Tricoux her mark,
Frank Pointboaif, Mlrs J M Abbott, A Glan
du, Louis Lacoste, Leopold L-acostei Ma=
thilde Ducharme authorizing my wife and
my self, L M Creighton, Pierre Guchereau,
W Guchereaux, Titine Rand, P Vial.
Moved by 0. C. Mouton, seconded by Jos. Du
cote. that chair appoint a committee of three (3) to
see that petition for annexation files this day has
been submitted to rM of property owners of the lands
proposed to be annexed in number and value have
signed aforesaid petition, and report at next meeting
for said purpose. The chair appointed on said com
mittee I r. J. Trahan., J. 0. LeBlanc and B. Falk.
Moved by T. MI. i3iossat. seconded by O. C. Mou
ton, that constable be allowed no per cent on cattle
and horses empounded, but be allowed 25c a head
on all hogs taken up in city limits.
Moved by O. C. Mlouton. seconded by Jos. Du
cote. that constable be instructed to cause all dogs
killed by hin to be hauled and buried at least (a)
two feet below surface of ground. The expense in
curred to be 2a5 cents (twenty-five cents) each.
The following ordinance was proposed by Dr.
Tralhan (and unanimously adopted)
Relative to the building of cross-roads on the
streets within the corporate limits of the town of La
fayette. ist, Be it ordained by the City Council of
the town of Lafayette, that no person or persons.
shall be allowed to make or cause to be made
cross roads either of wood, brick or dirt, on any of
the streets within the corporation, above the level
surface-of the street; 2d that no cross-road already
existing "and not in accordanenwith above specifica
tion, will be considered lawful, and the person or
persons having made same or caused to beo made
shall be notilicd by the constable to remove it and
shoold said notice be not complied with within 3
days, the constable shall proceed a: once to have
saonl removed at the expense of whomsoever made
or have bad road made; and in the event or his re
fusal to pay said expense, it shall be recovered to
gether with cost of court by due process of law be
fore any court of competent jurisdiction, This or
dinance shall take effect after publication in the
offici;l journals of the council, and all ordinance or
part thcrcot contrary to the above are hereby re
pealed.
l'Thre being no further business the Council ad
journed to meet on Monday next, the soth day of
Julec 8395.
A. J. MOSS, Mayor.
BAXrER CLEGGc, Secretary.
Attention is called to the New Orleans
Daily States Cigar, named after that great
newspaper, the Daily States of New Or
leans. They are being sold in large quanti
ties throughot this section. n 14.
One of the prime essentials to a
successful memory is the ability to
forget.--West Union Gazette.
Go to P. I)emanade's and ask for the
New Orleans Daily States. Get a to c.
cigar for 5c. n14.
Fine razors at Biossat's jewelry
stole.
Sewing machines sold on monthly
payments at Biossat's jewelry
store.
ClIt is riot what man has but what!
he hopes for that makes him happy.
-Dallas News.
A Card.
I feel it my duty to let the public know
that owing to my absence in Houston, on
the 21st of IMay, I tranferred to a brother
veteran, Oneil Barron, the pleasant duty
of presenting a bouqcuet to Miss \Vinnie
Davis. We were honored by her presence
and the presentation of flowers to her wast
but a fitting compliment due the daughter
of our dead chief.
A. R. LtsnoNY.
Quartermaster Frank Gardner's
Camp No. 580.
Notiee.
I found ronamning in nmy pasture a small
brown Creole pony which I had bargained
off about a year ago to sonime Jypsics. Owner
can sectre same by proving ownership and
payisg costs. J.AtcrUes CrAIsso.v.
lay 2S, sS95
W. BERNARD,
BARBER, SHOP,
DO.SENGIEAUX L3UILDING,
near So. ac. l) lot, s1--22
Beausejo ur
Springs,
On tile Banks of the D~nutiful :Bayou
Ve rnillion. *
EXCI1L.LENTl SPRING WATER.
G-OMMOIl)OUS nBA'II HOUSES.
I .arge l cing Vl firm. |leautiftl Grtrountls
and l'lenty of Shalc. Elc.snt Slwt fin
Picnics, Thrties, Etc. Wat.er for drinking
and lbathing putrioses tnisstrpaisoed. Coiett
and see the place ansi enjoy asplenddl ltth.
Temperate and Cold W|ater
for Bat i ngl
THERE I ASTORJ l
COR. COIRTý
SQUARE;
Where Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Artices;
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigart, and the best of Wines ^
and Liquors for muetlicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices
Also a few fine Groceries are to be had and som
9 Hardware..
TIS PLAEG IS OWNED BY CWIJE'
; IfYouNeend
A s it,
-A hat,
-A pair of shoes s
-Shirts, -..
-Underwear,
c6 y 2 -Neckwear
Sum I-Any kind of wear'
SCall on LEON PLONSKY:
A. J: MOSS, A. EMILE MOU
MOSS & MOUTON
At WHOLESALE and RETaILk
OFFI CE AND YARDI NEAR RAIL ROAD D E
LAFAYETTE. LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Dooosi Sum
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc. Yet
Magons, Cisterns
SCREEN DOORS AND EB.TENTIONi:SCREEN WINDOW. -1-f
p y . ,
Ten, $So.oo, Ten, Sro.oo, Ten, $So.oo
AT-TEN-TIONI
The "rENdency of all TENants of this terrestrial '
sphere is to atTeNd tothe attractions inTrNded to ? .
benefit thenm to any exTEENt. We therefore ex- o
STENd a cordial invitation to all inTENding to .
Snimake either a small or eXTENSive purchase of
clothing thi $1'soo 1 pring to gieLe
Svariedl line T E N of Suits, now"` !
displayed in . o.oo our s t o r e.
e con- N TNd that
o you should not be conTEaNtc- until you have
s examined the conaENtS of our store and learn
the great values there offered for $So.oo. New i
suits that would be good value at $12.oo to -
E. $15.oo, all await TENants and owners of the E-
property for the small amount of Sto.o0. o
o In Cents Furnishing also wo handle, °.
,. Shirts, Underwear, H-ats, Shoes, etc.
i .
L LEVY & SON:
New t %ore !
P. DEMANADE & CO*
Labe's Former Stand, next to Olivier Hotel
Liquors, Wines and Toba01 6
Staple and Fancy Groceries-· :
.oTE,
-DEALER IN-
Stoves, IHarnesO '
and WAC -
MIanufacturer's agent for Watlking and Riding Cult; -tors, 3isc
Itarow, Stalk Cutter. Corn . nd Cotton iLys, bulky ,
Turning Plows, Hay Rakskcsoa
Corner of Jefferson and 'eriniion S LAPAT 
FELIX DEM
-Sells Cheap
-Groceries
--Liquors
-Crockery W
-Wi lowviare
--Arid
-Fancy
-Good "
.i- . 5. . ,..