.te1,000 nmies pf railroad in
;'aieud :states in taem. 71,000, o
fnme-half, were west of the Mia
p of new railroad built
the year, ended on June 80,
ue 640niles, and during the next
year 88 miles.
_br. awlyall the American cities the
et et ilray companies say that the
iAly ext ending use of the bicycle
bs hhurt their business greatly.
DUets e lpast 12 years nearly 10,000
iileso .nmarrow-gauge railroad have
beens ettiter . converted to standard
Sgange r abandoned entirely in the
SUnated States.
: inew shops of the Baltimore &
Olio abd the yards to be built at Cum
: erand, l1d., will be the most eaten
sive in the country. The buildings
anmae will cover 650.000 square feet.
I EVOLVED FROM GREAT MINDS.
IT is a great sin to swear unto a sin,
but greater sin to keep a sinful oath.
S.. -Shakespeare.
NAmEs, saysan old maxim, are things.
They certainly are influences.-Tryon
- Edwards.
r :. Waan all are selfish the sage is no
l better than the fool, and only rather
mPore dangerous.-Proude.
PERSONALS.
EKaPRZSIDENT MARRISzON'i fee in the
Sn-,dians will case is said to have been
$15,000.
Tan shah of Persia will not remain
4t a table on which salmon or lobster is
placed.
:- PBLxc BSuAlnR has been elected
h: onorary member of the General
" Language union.
lDITo 'CCLURE says that Lincoln'a
ta:ro  ers bagget4 at the knee, but his
knowledge of pi ,leal polities never
Dsi. Yo SlrpAx, the il ld of the
German postal service, has just cele
brated his twcnt.S4fth anniversary as
postmaster general.
" GusaTvE FaeYTAo, the German soy
elist, died almost unnoticed ih Amer .,
yet his "Debit and Credit" had fm
mense vogue in this country about 1855.
CAi. " CAaRLxs KIomaL n, a veteran of t
the Seminole war, died recently at
i atiner' Harbor, Staten Island, of
pneumo'aUt, Capt.. Kohler was born in
1809 in Philadelphia.
VICro nv Ioo sold his "Han d'Islande"
for 800 francs. Thre manuscript of
"Rose et Blanche," by George Sand
and Jules Sandeau, was sold to the
publisher for 400 francs.
MEis Plir-"I want to get' sorlme Fai'sch
candy." Clerk-"Very sorry, but we haves't
any. Won't some other ind do?" Miss
Flp-"NTo, indeed. lam expecting a visit
from a Frenchcount. I want F:rench kisses."
-Philadelphia Inquirer.
Weak and Run Down
After the grip or other serious illness,
you And Hood's Sarsaparilla exactly
the medicine to
build up and
give strength.
"I feel thankful 01
to Hood's Sarsa- ti
parilla for benefit I
derived from it. I a1
had the grip and is
failed to regain Vi
health. I did not tl
. have any appetite re
and in fact, was f
a mere shadow of o
myself. I at last C
resorted to Hood's
Sarsaparilla, and
sooni began to improve. I could soon eat A
without distress in my stomach. Four
bottles of Hood's Sarsaparilla and a box of
Hood's Pills took away all signs of the grip. ti
I want to say to all who stffer in a like
manner, take Hood's Harsaparilla, for it
will surelydo you good." GEones MAIILT, i'
G;reen Oak, Michigan. u
Hood's Sarsaparilla i
Is the one True Blood Purifier.
n
Hood's Pills tasteless. mild, eIfec- i
Hoodus Pills aret"t'ti ;, "' r
tive. All druggists. -5c.
The Greatest Medical Discovery t;
of the Age. 10
KENNEDY'S k,
MEDICAL DISCOVERY. i
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS., t,
Has discovered in one of our common of
Dasture weeds a remedy that cures every tl
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula P
down tqa common Pimple. tI
Le has tried it in over eleven hundred L
cases, and ne\ver failed except in two cases ki
(both thunder humor.) He has now in his fa
possession over two hundred certificates n
of its value, all within twenty miles of hi
Boston. Send postal card for book.
Rbenefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken. re
When the lungs are affected it causes "
shooting' pains, like needles _passing Y
through them; the same with the Liver or y
Bowels. This Is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. lteadthe label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will at
cause squeamish feelings at first. 1
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat to
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed- In
time. Sold b" all Druggists.
A.  S- .YOUR DRUOGIST FOR '
lil
1 U 8 0THERS, INFANTS
:C HILDRENa
O aosm-rAtWS 18B a soNs. NeYrk. Ao
,sitrrh and ha re- th
i .a q ,, a .d er _ Pals
ar l p semeat .o as
FARM AND GARDEN.
le! MAKING GOOD ROADS.
in Some Valuable maud Slenlble Coaellaseom
m eseabed by VPrt. ilag.
fit One authority on the subject of road
draining claims that in prairie soil a
ut good road can be obtained for eleven
So, months in the year by simply putting
,t in a good system of tile drainage,
slightly rounding the road bed
ae and sowing grass seed so that the
he roots may aid the drainage. If the
le road surface is to perform the service
of a roof it must be protected from the
00 action of narrow wagon wheels. A
ý* sharp turn is always in better condi
tion than the straight portions of the
te road. A little thought shows at once
that this is due to the fact that the
front and rear wheels do not follow
each other and therefore do not form
ruts. A slight difference in the length
of the front and rear axles of wagons
with the use of wide tires would ac
complish more for roads, considering
, the expense involved, than any other
one thing. It is hard to change a cus
s tom. and probably nothing but legis
lative action can introduce a change.
This change need not prove a hardship
a to anyone, and the arguments against
n such action are comparatively unim
portaent.
o Prof. King has reached the following
r conclusions: By careful study of local
conditions determine the cost of bad
roads. Pay this cost as interest on cap
ital borrowed for making the needed
p improvement. Substitute the cash sys
Stem of paying road tax for the labor
system. Tihoroughly drain all roads
and keep the drains always open. Do
away with narrow tires and axles of
the same length. Macadamize wher
ever the trafic will warrant after ful
filling the above conditions. Keep the
road as clean as you would the roof of
a house, thus tffording no chance for
water to collect and destroy the sur- 1
face.-Farmer's Voice.
IMPROVING CURRANTS.
When a Meush Is NeWalecte the Fruit Is
Small aind Stunted.
EIveryone is famtiiar with the corn
antn neglect of cnmrant bushes. often t
gnowing in grass under fences, and
frequently treated with entire neglect. _
Oki, overgrown bushes, which have t
grswn into a mass of brush, should be
thinned and old stunted wood pruned
i \
out, and enriching and mellow eultiva
tion given. Or, often still better, the t
whole bush may be ti en up, divided t
and replanted. The great point is to t
give rich. mclow and continued culti
vation. The annexed figure represents a
the exact measured size of the common
red currant-the small bunch from a
neglected bush, and the larger from
one well cultivated and pruned.
Country Gentlemnan.
TESTING THE COWS.
A Simple Method of Determintg the Per- t
formanoe of Each.
"Test your cows," is the advice con
tin ally given by dairymen and agri
cultural papery. and, like most advice,
is heeded least by those who need it O
most. Many farmers, while admitting t
its wisdom, excuse themselves from
following it on the plea that they have
no testing apparatus, and therefore no ti
means of knowing the respective per- 1
formances of the cows.
To such I would say that no scien- C
tific apparatus is necessary. The churn si
is after all the most satisfactory kind p
of tester. All that is necessary is to
keep one cow's milk separate for a l
couple of days, all the cream being i]
carefully removed. When the cream p
has ripened it should be churned, and
the scales wvill give the product.. both n
of milk and butter. A ter each cow in v
the herd has thus been tested, a com- p
parison of results will tell which are
the most profitable cows and which do
not pay for their keep. A little of this
kind of testing would cause many a
farmer to change his opinion of the
merits of the respective memnbers of
his herd, and enable him to weed out
worthless stock. Try it. The test. is a
simple one" it is easily applied, and the
results cannot be disputed. Try it.
and you will never regret the botlher
you have had in finding out the leak in
your profits.-C. D. Hell, in N.Y. World.
To Prevent masut in W heat.
Place the seed in a barrel of water
and stir until all the grain is wet and
the smutted and imperfect grains rise
to the surface, when they should be
skimmed off. tiemove the grain after
15 to 30 minutes and place a half
bushel at a time in a vessel through cc
which water can penetrate rapidly.
A -wire basket with 12 meshes to the I
inch or gunny sacking will do. Then
immerse the seed in a barrel of water t
at a temperature of 110 to 120 de
grees. lift and immerse again, rotating d
the suck. that every grain tmay be
soaked. Then immerse the sack in an
other barrel of water at 132 degrees. pa
at no time allowing the water to be
below 1.30 degrees or above 15. Re
peat the immersion a number of times
in the scalding water. After the last
dip plunget into a vessel oaf cold water
and spread to dry. -Farm and Home.
Spring and Summer Vare of Milk.
*Cleanliness in all dairy operations is
of first importance. 31ilk with dry
hands. Keep the atmosphere in which
the milk must stand free from bad
odors. Preserve the desirable flavors
in the cream. If the milk is wanted o
sweet, lower the temperature as soon we
as the mailk is drawn from the cow to
just above freezing if possible. 'Neg
leet of proper care of milk by patrons d
is the cause of much trouble at the fac
tory and results in a like reduction in
net profits. It pays to Ie honest.
Orange Judd Farmer.
/havuying trees near home you will
,.ve o the advintage of having themt out
of the ground s lesa time thpn thei
woulle if boug. t t if istahe o,
" . - - . I .. - -
r. A LIVING SHADOW.
R~emarkabl Transfbrmation of a
S North Carolina Man.
mad strange. BUt True. Story from the LEambee
Sa retens of a soashera Mtate-Ver.
ren tsed by Personal lNvetagalosa.
ing (P'ro ta Oiwrstavgll, Jr 0., BRefoe )
Re, The following interview has just been
md given our reporter by Mr. G. A. Baker, the
the overseer at the farm of CoL Isaac A. Bugg,
the of Greenville, N. C. It will interest any
ice one who has ever had Typhoid fever. Mr.
the Baker said in part:
A I was living in Beaufort county, and on
the 2d day of October, 18 8, I was stricken
d down with typhoid fever. I had the best
lhe of physicians to attend me and on the 15th
ice day of January, 1894, I was allowed to get
he up. I was emaciated, weak and had no ap.
sw petite. I could only drag along for a short
rm distance and would be compelled to sit
,th down and rest. This continued for some
vas time and I began to give up holm of ever
getting well. I lost my position in Beau
fe- fort county and having secured one in Pitt
nK county, clerking in a store, I undertook it,
aer but was so weak I could not do the work,
us- and had to give it up. The disease settled in
is, my knees, legs and feet. I was taking first
re. one kind of medicine and then another, but
ip nothing did me any good. I was mighty
tst low spirited. I moved out to Col. Sugg's
about four or five months ago and com
t- menoed taking Dr. Williams' Pills. I took
three a day for about three months. I began
ng to regain my appetite in a week's time,
:al and then my weakness began to disappear,
ad and hope sprung up with a blessedness that
p Is beyond all telling. At the expiration of
ed the three months I was entirely cured and
could take my axe and go in the woods and
i"- do as good a day's work as any man. I was
nor troubled with dyspepsia and that has disap
Id peared. It is also a splendid tonic for weak
Do people. I say, Mr. Editor, God bless Dr.
of Williams. May he live for a longtime. I
ar- know he will go up yonder to reap his re
al- ward, for he has done a wonderful lotof
he good. Toll everybody tlat asks you aboutDr.
Wof illiams' Pink Pills for Pale People that if
they wvili core to me can certainly satisfy
them as to their merits. I always carryi
r- box of pills with me and whenever I feel
bad I take one."
We were forcibly struck with the earnest
ness of Mr. Baker and his statement may be
relied on.
I ] Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a
condensed form, all the elements necessary
to give new life and richness to the blood
n- and restore shattered nerves. They are an
ýn unfailing specific for such diseases as loco
d motor ataxia, partial paralysis, St. Vitus'
id dance, sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism,
t. nervous headache, the after effects of la
re grippe, palpitation of the heart, pale and
saluow complexions, all forms of weakness
either in male or female, and all diseases re
suiting from vitiated humors in the hblood.
Pink Pills are sold by all dealers, or will be
sent post paid on receipt of Irrice (50 cents
a box, or six boxes for 12.50) by addressing
JDr. Williams' M.edicino Co., Schenectady,
Ný. Y.
IMPERSONALITIES.
8Evxw New York ]Romtos were
arrested in one week for borrowing i
money of their lady loves and then re
fusing to marry them.
As ambulance cycle has been in
vented by a Berlin doctor. It is a
litter resting on two wheels at one
end and attached to an ordingry tri
cycle at the other, and worked bby two "
men. It would be useful in small 'towns, t
where a horse ambulance is too ex
pensive, or in the country. c
A oREaT romance reader, a Btooklyn e
girl, who wished to appear ext4remely
devout in church, apparently coninued
reading her Bible even during the ser
mon. A shrewd old lady, an occupant
of the pew just in the rear, lookedi over
e the girl's shoulder and discovered that
dthe Bible cover was detachable, and
° that the inside -was a poplldr novel.
A rouxo broker of New York attend
. ed a ball in Yorkers, and returned home
n about six a. m. Ile tried to enter his
ra oom without arousing his parente, but
Swas astounded to behold them at the
head of the staircase. "I had to work
all night at the office," he confusedly v
explained. "What sort of lal3vr was it," n
the father asked, *"which cozepelledyou
to work in a dress suit?"
BOOK CHATTER.
Mn. ,F.. 3iAmo~r CRAWFORD is~engaged e
t on a ne novel of Italian life. to be en- c
titled "Adamn John son's Son." t<
1 DR. MAX Sixos NAiDnALU, author of p'
"Degeneration," is of Jewish cxtrac- R
tion, and was born at Buda-Pesth in
1849. o
"Ti Gor,n>D POMP" is 2fr. Quilleer
Couch's recently published volume of
s elections from the Elizabethan lyric
I poets.
' "Posy Tatcxs" is to be the title of at
I the volume in which Mr. Frederick i
SRemington will record his western ex- If
periences. ,,
1 "IANs IISEITfA 5" is about'to issue a tl
new series of ballads. It is about forty c(
years since he first essayed this form of in
popular verse. in
AurxuosY HlPE has written a series se
of four story-telling dialogues ~hich he in
calls "Bad Matches," and whichhre said N
to be particularly witty. Pt
Mr. Br, ss I'EriYr's new novel, now a
on the Scribner press, is calletd "The th
Plated City," and deals with a busy pe
New lEnglandni town wherein silvecr- pr
plated ware is made. se
THE AMERICAN INDIAN, c
co
THERE sare 5.804I Ina in 'ow York. 1
THE Cherokees of N'orth Carolina
namber 2,8~5.
THn word Esquimaux means "Raw
Fish Eaters."
Tn~a Indian reservations amount to
212,000 square miles.
TRHRE were 249,273 Indians in this
country at the last census. p
Ar.L the American languages are sin- is
guiarly lacking in abstract terms.
I all Spanish America the Indians hc
form the great mass of the population. de
No IRIRa tribe rnorth of Mexico had ge
domesticated any animal but the dog. its
THE great temple of the sun at Cuz- Co
co, in Peru, was attended by 4,000 c
priests. te
Tun average height and weight of ca
Indians are no greater than of other
peoples. m
THs only trading Indians, at the time
of the discovery, were the Huron Iro
quois.
AT the coming of the whites, tattoo- ic
Ing was almost universal among the In
CURRENT SMiLES. t
Arts a man loses his ante he goeas
out in the world to find his uncle--Gal
reston News. re
IT is fortunate for most of us that we
do not appreciate how much we are dr
dialiked.-Milwaukee Journal.
"WHAT is the golden mean we hear in
about?" asked one small student of an- co
other. "It must be a miser," replied the ly
lattor.-Detroit Free l'ress.
IIe--"I don't believe in long engage- 4
anirtel do you, Misa Alithoa?" She
"No, Mr. Bunthornm 4 prefep .h1o'toaee
FOR WATERING COWS.
" Troaug Whiee 1s Aimut Certaa so
Dw.e mtlataetass.
SReferring to a recent inquiry, 1 would
say that a familiarity with all or near
ly all the devices in use for watering
,w animals in their stables leads me to a
belief in the efficiency of only one
that is, when we take into considera
tion the time of an attendant, and the
ea fact that in this case the cow can help
be herself when she feels so inclined, so
'g, that at no timewin the 24 hours is she
Y- so gorged full of cold water that the
* hair refuses to settle down for hours.
I will take for granted that there is a
R low partition of boards in front of the
at cows to keep the fodder from being
Lh pushed and nosel out of reach. Even
at with the top of such partition, a long
p. trough the whole length of cow-stalls,
rt either hallowed out of wood or an iron
'it trough encased In lumber, as shown,
to should be fastened on the board in
r front, at a proper height and within
U -
easy reach of the animal. This trough
should be inclosed with a cover on top
k, from end to end, with the exception
ln of where it comes opposite each cow's
it head, and at that part a small hinged
It lid, with a little more projection or
Y nosing than the rest, of cover, enables
, the animals to lift the lid up with the
nose, which they do very readily.
If the cattle are intended to be
D, watered at regular intervals, a tap
it /
I
L
"1
M2ARD AT THE FRONT -O
CGOY TOfEEP FEED
WITHIN RERCH.
placed at one end, with an overflow
and wash at the other, is all that is
necessary. After the cow has drun
its fill, the lid drops forward. and no
feed or other materials can get into tlei
water.
If I were arranging the trough for
my own stable. I would have a ball
cock and cistern arrangement which
would enable the trough to be full at
all times, so that the animals could
then drink when they felt like it. I
am of the opinion that a handy man I
could improve on the above arrange I
ment somewhat, if it were only in bev
eling the box at A B. and it could be i
made to adapt itself to any priced t
stable, and not appear bungling in any
way.--\V. Ormiston Tait, in Country
Gentleman.
THE NEW YORK BILL.
A Road Law Calculated to Overcome the I
Prejudeice of Taapayer.
A good roads bill introduced in the
New York legislature is skillfully i
drawn so as to overcome in a large I
measure the prejudice of local tax
payers against road building. It pro- I
vides that the expense of road improve- c
ment be borne one-half by the state.
one-fourth by the county and one
fourth by the towns along the line of
the roads that are constructed. The
board of railway commissioners is put
in charge of the road building, a road
engineer being attached to their serv
ice. It is made the duty of the board
to hold public meetings in different
parts of the state in order to promote 1
public sentiment in favor better roads.
Roads are to be improved on petition 1
of two-thirds of the owners of land a
along which they pass, if the people in 3
the towns through which such roads
run favor the improvement. In ordel, f
to start the work the bill contains an ,t
appropriation of S62o,0.ox. J3
The system as proposed would seen
to be likely to promote road building, e
If good roads are worth having, it ii a
surely a wise expenditure of money on
the part of the state to encourage their
construction. It can well afford to as
invest a considerable sum each year tl
in this manner. Insomuch as it e7
seems the only way of getting the
movement for better roads started, the o1
New York plan to have the local tax
payer relieved from direct payments is
a highly practical one. By making
the construction of improvedl roads de
pendent on the expressed wishes of W
property owners a proper limitation is
set upon the amount of road Iuilding, fe
while at the same time it i. likely to
cause competition among different
communities to get the start of each si
other in this respect.--Good Roads. t
THE BUTTER FLAVOIR.
HIy Freezing It Caa Be RetaIned for sta lm
laonthe or NTore.
('oncerning cold storage of butter.
we will say that there is only one
method that will keep butter so as to
preserve its first riosy flavor. and that
is by freezing it. at
'Thle old mnethodr of coid storage by PI
holding it at a. temperature of :18 to 40
degrees would keep the butter from
getting rancid. but it would soon lose @
its fine flavor and show a sort of dead. ie
coid-storage taste. If refrigerators are
constructed on a system whereby a Ri
temperature of from 16 to 20 degrees
can constantly maintained, blutter can
be held in a sweet rosy condition six
months. Recent experiments have in
dicated that it is better to go down
even as low- as 8 degrees above zero
The butter does not lose its flavor
quickly when brought into consump
tion. The sixty-pound package, either
in tubs or firkins. is probably the best
form of package for this 'york.-
Eloard's Dairy man.
Rorad-Makiag in Politics.
The good-road question has been car
ried into politics in several states this
year. Farmer-s and wheelmen, eques- sI
trians and pedestria.ns, the people who ti
drive carts, those who ride in carriages
and such as go afoot are all interested
in it. We favor the employment of
convicts in road improvement. partial
ly adopted in this state thlis year at the N
suggestion of Gov. l'lower.-Rochester
IN. Y.) Landscape Architect.
hJrEu must come In contact With tlei
toLt to insure g~iminatopg,
All other powders
are cheaper made
and inferior, and
leave either acid or
alkali in the food.
RIOYAL.U I POW lOmR CO., 1+o WALL I, WIWWCK.
rI ABOUT PEOPLE.
C Tar shah of Persia has a pipe valued
at $280,000. This is the most costly
,1 smoker on record.
p AN exhibition of the presents which
Bismarck has received during the past
twenty-five years is to be held in Ber
lin.
EDWIN BtrnSx-JDNEs, the famous
British artists is of WVelsh extraction.
He is Rndyaud Kipling's uncle. Burne
Jones is almost entirely self-taught.
Joar Hur, of Matawan, N. J., who
has just died, had recently fallen heir,
it is said, to over $1,000,000 left him by
Charles Easthoff, a wealthy Californian,
whom he had nursed through a danger
ous illness twenty years ago.
Ma. Jusrleo HaIna* leaves his dig
nity behind him when he goes to his
country place near WVhshington, where
he may often be seen romping on the
lawn with his big setter dog, or play
ing with the children, to whom he is
very partial.
BISHOP WESLEY J: GA. tiE of Georgia,
the new star in the theological firma
ment, is a colored man of vast pro
portions. He is said to have a wonder
ful fund of oratory, originality and
wit, a man who believes in putting, as
he expresses it, lots of ginger into his
sermons, and who realizes his senti
ments.
REV. Mn. FAInAwNsx, an American
missionary in India, attributeis a large
part of his success to the ise of a
I bicycle. Not only is he enabled to
cover a more extensive territcay with
it, but the natural curiosity of the
natives brings large crowds to see "a
horse that needs neither grass nor
grain."
TREES AND PLAN'CS.
I Tax climate of Mexico is o varied
that in that country can be taised any
product of the tropics or the.polar re
gions.
PEnirArs the largest camellia in ex
istence is at Piluitz Castle, near Dres
den, Germany. The tree is about
twenty-four feet high and annually
produces about 50,000 blossoms.
TI'x "witch tree" of Nevada and
southern California exudes or ecchales a (
phosphorescent substance which makes
every branch, leaf and section of its
bark visible on the darkest night.
Fon many years green glass has been
used for the roof of the Kew Gardens,
London. A recent experiment withl
white glass demonstrated that the
plants thrived much better with glass
of this tint, and the green is to be dis
carded.
FACTS IN FEW WORUS.
OsnvritX barbers declare that men
with heavy beards are most apt to be
bald.
IT is not illegal to deface coins, but it
is illegal to deface them fraudulently.
The American flag may not be used
lawfully as an advertisement.
TWss kings have generally wise council.
lore, as-he must be a wise man himself
vwho is capable of distinguishing one.
Diogenes.
Goon men have the fewest fears. He 'tho
fears to do wrong has but one great fear;
itehas a thousand who has overcome it.
JBovee.
Hrcss-"Phraser declares that he owes
everything to his wife." WVicks--"Non
sonsel Whsy man, he owes everybody in
town."-Boston Transcript.
SBAr I Fcs.-"How ts it your Tommy is
so small for his age, Mrs. briggs?" "Oh
the dear little thing was a shrinking child,"
explained the mother.
IT is small things that count in the battle
of life. I have seen men get out of an clo
plant's way without any trouble, but they
had a terrible struggle to get rid of a ilea.
-Atlanta Constitution.
THEnIR WIVE.-Mr. Flatte-''My wife takes
me down frequently in the elvator." Mr.
Cottage (with deep feeling) -",We haven't
an elevator but that doesn't make any dif
ference."-botroit Free Press.
"En'RY cloud," said Uncle Ehen, "'hab er
silver linn'. Do trouble an dat cr heap oh
men ain't got energy 'nuff ter hustle an'
tu'hn de cloud wrong side out.'--Washing,
ton ttar.
"Tne conditions of the poor cannot be
mended," said the sententtious theorist.
"O, maybe they can to some extent," re
sponded the lractical moan, "with a potato
patch."-Indianapolis Journal.
HOAX--"Iave you seen I)'Auber's new
paintinsr Hecalls it 'Friendless." Joax
'Yes; it's remarkably realistic. I under
stand a baseball umpilre posed for him."
Philadelphia Record.
MA!!uA--"You may open your school re
port, Tommy, an'. tell nise how you have
seen doing this vcck." Tomnuy--"Oh,
here is the highest mark. mamma, AI.'"
Mammu-"And what is that for, Tommyl"
Tommy-"Days absent, 1." -- arner's
Round Tahle.
PROSPECTIVE MOTHERS
and those soon to
become mothers,
should know that Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Pre
scription robs child
birth of its tortures
S and terrors, as well as
of its dangers to both
mother and child, by
aiding nature in pre
paring the system for
parturition. There
- by "labor" and the
S period of confine
ment are greatly
shortened. It also promotes the secre
tion of an abundance of nourishment for
the child.
Mrs. DoR A. GorWR. of Oatiev., Oewrea Co.,
1'ths., writes: "When I began takin¶ Doctor
Pierce's Favorite Prescriptio. I was no able to
stand on my feet without ufftering almost death.
Now I do all mly housework, washing, cooking
sewing snd everything for my family of eight. •
am stouter now than I have teel, in si years.
Your' Favorite Prescription' is the best to take
before coutneunent. or at least it proved so with
me. I never suffered so little witb Sisy O my
E.L-ixown Millionaire (to beggar)
"Be off with you, this minute 1" Beggar
"Come, now, my man, you needn't give
yourself such airs I The only difference be
tween you and me is that you are making
your second million while I am as yet work
ing at the flrst."-iMonnheimer Volkzeitung.
FRIEND (to professor of philolog)
"What struck yvour attention particularly
on your vacation tript" Professor-'A
hunired and twenty-two unorthographic
sign-boards."-Fllegende Blaetter.
SHE is a foolish virgin indeed, who goeth
without oil in her bicycle lamp these days.
Verily she hath wheels.-N. Y. Herald.
A Happy Wosman
At last I am a well and happy woman
again; thanks to McElree's Wine of Cardui.
Snave suffered for four years from womb
trouble of the most horrible kind. Twelve
years ago I went to the Ban Antonio Bos
ital whiere they performed an operation.
but It left me in a worse state than ever. I
went to Dr. Kingsley and Dr. D. Y. Young,
but they gave me little relief. After spend
ing *i125 iwas not able to leave my bed, and
most of the time suffered pains to equal a
thousand deaths. On the tenth of last Octo
ber my friend Mrs. Stevens advised me to
try McElree's Wine of Cardul. The first
bottle did me good, and I got more, and to
day I am a new woman; am able to do all
my cooking and house-work. I am running
aboarding-house and doing all the work my
self. I still use the Wine, and always keep
it in the house-it saved my life.
Appleby, Texas. MRs M. J. METESS,
JDnoi.-"And you are accused of throw
ing a mug of beer at the plaintiff." Defend
ant-'"Aubody who knows me will tell you
that it is inconceivable."-Fliegende Blaet
ter.
To Cleanse the System
Effectually, yet gently when costive or bil
ious or when the blood is impure or slug
gish, to permanently cure habitual consti
pation, to awaken the kidneys and liver to a
healthy activity without irritating or weak
ening them, to dispel headaches, colds or fe
vcers, use Syrup of Figs.
UNDERSTANDING the spirit of our institu
tions to aim at the elevation of men, I am
opposed to whatever tends to degrade them.
--Lincoln.
LADIaS can permanently beautify their
complexion with Gtlenn's Sulphur Soap.
Hill's Hair and Whisker Dye, .5 cents.
THERE is a constantyearning in this coun
try for a tramp who can make himself up to
resemble the tramps that are pictured in the
comic papers.-Washington Post.
WE have not been without Piso's Cure for
Consumption for 2h years.-Lizzza FEiLtEL,
Camp St., Harrisburg, Pa., May 4, '94.
TiLL thou hast conquered thyself thou art
but a slave; for it is almost as well to be
subjected to another's appetite as to thine
own.-Burton.
IF I were sure God would pardon me and
man would not know my sin, yet I should
be ashamed to sin, bcoause of its essential
baseness.-Plato.
FROSTS are generally dew before they
come.
S FOR
CURES SOROFULA,
BLOOD POISON.
S THE
CURES CANCER,
ECZEMA, TETTER.
S BLOOD
0 63
White Washing
Done
Everywhere
with
IClairette
I Soap
All washing is not white
washing, as all soap is not
Clairette. That bath-brick
tint when seen in clothes, al
ways proves that they are stran
gers to Clairette Soap. Try it.
Sold everywhere. Made by
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY, - ST. LOUIS.
ME T the old reliable,
DUNCAM'S mLIm~iIE tested REMEDy
SRIiHEUMAT I SM, " Toothache*
and PAINS generally.
. W. GNTER. CM OrlI. ALA.. says: **r haw found DUNCAN'S LIMMruau to be
the best remedy for pains generally I ever saw.'
- For COLIC in HORSES sad MULES It is a * asd shiot."
W33 UAN4UWAOTUSSI-G o0., Proprueto g, + ruxW* T.I Tr.
SHew's This!
We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for
a any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by
- NHall's Catarrh Cure.
g F. J. Canus r & Co. Props., Toledo, O.
We, the undersigned, have known F. J.
Cheney for the* last I5 years, and believe
him perfectly honorable in all business
transactions and financially able to carry
Sout any obligation made by their firm.
L West & Truax, Wholesale Druggists, To,
Sledo, O. Walding, Kinnan & Marvin.
Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally
acting directly on the blood and mucous
surfaces of the system. Price, 75. per bot
tie. Rold by all Druggists. Testinoaialsfrse."
Hall's FamilyPills. 2ic.
"You' are not going to wear thatenormous
bat to the theater to-night, are you?" said
her mother. "Yes." "You should be more
considerate." "I am considerate. I never
wear this hat anywhere but to the opera.
Then those who can't see can listen to the
snusic."-Washington Star.
It Stleketh Closer Than a Brother.
Doestherheumatism. Cutoffallrelationsh
with it by the aid of Hostetter's Ftomac
Bitters, which severs the bond without lo
of time if you use it promptly and persis
ently. No testimony is more positive an
concurrent than that which establishes its
efficacy in this obstinate disease. Use it
with assurance of good results for malew
rial, dyspeptic and nervous trouble, consti
pation and biliousness.
"Soais folks," said Uncle Eben, "am so
skyaht ob doin' dah wuhk on'y hat way dat
dey inwari'bly draps hit right at de begin.
nin'."-Washingtont tar.
"DAn am some men," said Uncle Eben,
"dat regards eb'ry change in do weddah as
a change for do wvus."-W'ashington star.
Sore Eyes Cusred.
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve never fails to
do this; 23c at all drug stores.
A vrAIL.ot beitng asked if the c-lose of the
year made him sad said yes, until the clothes
of the year are paid for.
A PRINCE who falleth out with his laws
breaketh with his best friends.-Saville.
WREets liberty is, there is my country.
Benjamin Franklin.
BEST IN THE WORLD.
o dur dhty and tor
cheapness this pV'(a
Sahon v' tlu\y unnyW \hd
cakes for general
P E blacking of a stove.
THP. SUN PASTE
VI"" POLII I fora quick
est so Lafter-dinner shine,
n THE W applied san, pol
ished with a cloth.
'erse Brs.. Prons.. Canton. Mass., U.S.A.
INCINES and BOILERS.
H. DUDLEY OOLEMAN, nessrEvs,
llKY EARLY. NEW ORLEANS. LA.
NEEDLES A orIallSewingM"h?' ln-es
SHUTT E .R- 1n for rwholespvle pre
REPAIR t. RLeesocK t 'ro Co..
---,Ik I it95LonIct t.St.Lonls~l,
SEWING ______E____I meats. ead forest.
alogue. A.. C. ROER4 , Memphla.Tena.
B.t u yIt VN
Intimae. old by d i
A. N. K., F 1555
WIENI WRITINi "O AIDVERTISERS PLEAIS
state that rye saw the Advertlsement La this