Ps~etiir, f Per~ Year
en.t Subscribers.
ng 'after this issue we will
to our subscribers who
of settled with us for the
rr. They can bring us the
or send it by mail.
?OWR AND COUNTRY.
Maud Young was a visitor
town last Saturday.
rs C. K. Darling, and Minos
ordy were guests at "Sterling
e" Sunday last.
e way some people stick to the
'now-a-days is enough to make
Washington turn in his grave.
s. Clarisse Williams is on a
to Mrs. - Beauregard of C ypre
iss Mathilde Creighton leftt
ay to visit her sister. Mrs. De- t
a at Crowley. .
d iss Ada Olivier is in Houston, t
est of her sister, Mrs. Laura a
peon. s
4 asses Liline Martin and Nellie v
| < ley spent the week in Broussard
r the guests of Mrs. J. A. Roy. P
,iss Ada Moss spent several days.
Alexandria this week being the
'iest of Miss Villa Rushing. I
Miss Alice Martin, of Grand t]
" teau is here on a visit to the a
sses Bagnell. si
f-" e Broussard spent several days l
 New Orleans and returned to J
¶-r.afayette Monday.
Mrs. A. Garnier, returned home
S;ý aturday after a week's visit to her
z mer in New Orleans.
mErnest Constantin returned home c
' rday after a sojourn of several m
S~idsys at Pass Christian, Miss.
Mrs. J. D. Trahan, and little
. daughter, Miss Rita, returned home fe
.i: ednesday after a week's visit in
-, ,,ew Orleans.
The ball which was advertised to ha
,:take place on the I9th, St. Joseph's or
-i ig ht, has been postponed to Tues- ja:
-..day, May r. wl
Miss Adelaide I.ovensjkold after olh
a pleasant sojourn of several months in!
in our midst left Tuesday night for re;
her home in Corpus Christi, Tex,. ati
Prof. Alcibiades Broussard, public w1
+ school teacher in Vermillion parish, be
i-- .was in Lafayette Saturday, the guest ph
of his friend, Mr. Albert Theall. the
Gonzague and Leonce, sons of str
D-ir. A. Gladu, left Saturday for he,
a . Baton Rouge to resume their studies the
.at the University. wh
Messrs. Aurelien Olivier and A. any
. Comeau, of Broussard, were pleas- ha'
ant callers at The Gazette office co'
Monday. is c
Mrs. C. K. Darling, of Abbeville, itt
spent several days here this week, of
the guests of her parents, Mr. and doi
Mrs. John Nickerson.
sys
Sheriff Broussard left Wednesday
to join a party of hunters at St Mar
.tinville. He will be gone several 1
days. Fre
Judge O. P. Guilbeau and Cons- son
table S. J. Breaux, of Carencro, Lei
spent several hours in Lafayette last leg.
Saturday. was
T. M. Biossat made a short bus- sho
-iness trip to New lberia and Jean- the
Serette last Monday, returning on the doi
-night train. the
Miss Lizzie Cayard who had been
-" on a visit to her sister, Mrs Vander
" :linden, of New Orleans, returned A
,-home Wednesday. mar
: Mr. E. O. Schuh, managet of the at
Cresent News luach stand, returned Laf
"'from New Orleans Wednesday after sedi
-'.- a few days' visit to that city. of
SMiss Alma McBride returned livir
W:'Vednesday, from Franklin, where
s·:she had been summoned to the bed- peai
"ide of her mother who was very ill, nepl
bruit who is reported to be recovering. intil
-Onr thanks are due Dr. F. W. beet
 Courtney for copies of the leading seve
New York papers. The doctor havi
went to that city a couple of weekls evil
Ago to attend medical lectures. orde
stean
S -The Olivier Ginnery at Brous- Plq
s-rdville closed on the a6th of last ma
"month after a very successful season, i a
.i-aVing ginned 887 bales of cotton. intic
t i as tin operation since September her
The Gazette is requested to state later
 tbn- a base ball club will be organ- whei
:4 land to-morrow at the "diamond."
those who wish to join are invited
present. the 1
+A'iss C. Mouton, teacher of the ceed
-School, spent Saturday and the I
Sda with her parents in this as
S The last monthly report from him
,hol shows an enrollment of from
, pi~s. Sh
S Baillio. of Opelousas, Rayr
Bradford, of Crowley,
4n Monday, attending to_ Car
.ssiness before the dis- awail
S - - cour.
--Three divoree suits at the llast
tern of court.
Year Miss Lizzie Parketson has returned
from a pleasant visit of several weeks
,' in New Orleans. She was accom
who panied home by Mrs. Will S. Par
the kerson who will spend some time in
our midst.
The Misses Vandergri, of New
- Orleans, who have been the guests
of Mrs. Bonnemaison at Royville,
were in Lafayette Sunday and visited
their brother Mr. John Vandergriff, c
before taking their departure for
inos their home.
.lig The m'any customers in Lafayette t
of the W. G. Tebault Furniture a
the Store of New Orleans, were happy (
lake to meet last Wednesday, Mr. Mau- u
ave. rice Felix, the popular representa- a
n a tive of that sterling firm. As usual, h
pre- Mr. Felix took everal orders. n
We see by the Lafayette Gazette, t.
left that Mr. J. G. Broussard, agent at w
De- that place for the Waters Pierce b
Oil Co., has resigned his position at b
on, that place. Mr.- Broussard was
ura agent for the same company here for w
several years and made many friends, o0
Ilie who will be pleased to know that he 01
,rd- has secured a more remunerative
oy. position, hence, his resignation.- ,,
sys. Daily Iberian. fl
the Last Saturday evening Constable hM
Hirsch arrested and lodged in jail ar
mnd the negro John Senegal, who, in an ur
the altercation with Mr. Eraste Patin, Ti
stabbed him on the arm. It appears TI
that Senegal insulted Mr. Gustave lel
to Judice an aged and highly respected t
gentleman, when his son-in-law, Mr. ve
Patin interfered and ordered the ne
me
gro to leave the place. An alterca- Su
tion followed with the above results. as]
Drs. J. D. and A. R. Trahan were to
ne called and attended to the wounded sp<
ral man. no
be
Attempted Jail Delivery.
tle Mr. Hebert Billaud, the jailer, a an
me few days ago noticed that in two tio
in places, the bars of the cell had been vei
slightly bent and thinking tlmt this oS
to had been done by some of the pris- the
i's oners, he thoroughly searched the wo
:s- jail and found two pieces of iron sc}
which had been broken off from an spc
er old iron bed. Mr. Billaud put these ma
hs instruments out of the prisoners' bei
or reach and thought no more of the a b
r,. attempted escape until Thursday, tak
*c when he noticed that the bars had bo
h, been bruised and bent in another can
st place. Mr. Billaud agaia searched ass;
the jail and this time found a much say
of stronger instrument, it being a very put
>r heavy iron bar used to fasten one of far
es the doors. One of the prisoners, Jno
who is charged with a minor offense
and who is one of the "trustees"
had secured it during the day and
concealed it on top of the cell. It "wa
is very fortunate that the jail is in will
charge of a deligent officer, as had ask:
' it not been for the ever watchful eye relic
of Mr. Billaud the prisoners would, Du1
d doubtless, have succeeded in their nee
systematic attempt to escape. Is al
of
Shot in the Leg. war
1 A shooting affray occured in con:
Freetown Tuesday night. between Poli
some negroes, one of them, John ther
Lewis, reciving two bullets in the
t leg. Henry Green, a young negro O
was arrested and charged with the ship
shooting. Green claims that he was
the party shot at, and not the one and
doing the shooting, but evidence in on 1
the hands of the police is said to be Day
very strong against him. Iafa
A Serious Ch'arge. as
1 Aristide Caruthers, a married Paci
man, having & wife and two children
Sat Plaquemine Brusle, is in the En
I Lafayette jail, charged with the Alph
rseduction of a young girl, daughter Sprc
of Mr. Joseph Ancelet a farmer ofgi
living near Broussaudville. It ap- seen
pears that Caruthers, who is a creal
nephew of Mrs. Ancelet, was very mina
intimate with the family and had thin1
been employed on the farm up to it wa
several weeks ago when Mr. Ancelet, 40 4
having been warned of Caruther's. had
evil intention, discharged and coun
ordered him to leave the place. In- notif
stead of going to join his family in and
Plaquemine Brusle, Caruthers re- activ
mained in the neighborhood, and it had I
is alleged, on the 24th of February yard
inticed the young girl away from As tl
her home and induced her to accom- in Dn
pany him to Rayne. A few days arres
later Mr. Ancelet, learning of their Etieni
whereabouts, went to Rayne and Willi;
persuaded his daughter to return timat
home with him. It was only with Dame
the help of an officer that he suc- sorien
ceeded in gaining admittance into
the house where his daughter was, fom C
as Caruthers threatened to shoot
him if he attempted to take her away rain.
from him.
Sheriff Broussard left Tuesday for of the
Rayne and returned Wednesday with and e
Carnthers who was placed in jail ingis
awaiting the action of ithe district to be
court. the sc
S. ·. .
last WOULD.BE WIFE MURDERER
Geo. Summers, a German, Gets
arned Drunk and Tries to KilI
reeks his Wife.
com
Par- People living in the vicinity of the
ne in Greig farm just out of the corporate
limits of the town were attracted
last Thursday evening to the home
New of Geo. Summers by loud screams
sests of distress imploring "for help."
rille, The nearest neighbors, colored
sited people, started Immediately for
griff, Summer's house, but before reach- t
for ing it they were horrified by a most
fearful sight: Mrs. Summers lay on
rette the ground nearly covered with blood
ture and standing by her was her husband,
PY Geo. Summers, who had, while
lau- under the influence of liquor, made
nta- a desperate attempt to take
ual, her life. Summers defied the r
neigbors to render any assis
:tte, tance to the poor women in
at whose wounds were yet oozings of t<
:rce blood, but happily it was not long t
n at before Mr. J. C. Couvillon and two ir
other gentlemen arrived on the tl
was scene and succeeded in appeasing the y
for would-be murderer's anger. One
ads, of the gentlemen had the presence
he of mind to think of tying a hand- c'
five kerchief tightly around the woman's d4
arm where the most dangerous tl
wound was, thereby stopping the th
flow of blood and probably saving th
ble her life. In the mean time Dr.
Martin and Police Officer Romero V'
jail arrived. Romero placed Summers ro
an under arrest and took him to jail. th
tin, The doctor dressed the wounds. to
ars There was an ugly gash on the th
left arm and a scalp wound. The
cut on the arm was of a serious na
ted ture, two arteries having been se- fie
vlr. vered. Bc
se- A few minutes before his arrest w}
ca- Summers broke down and wept and trc
.ts. asked what had pecome of his
young child, who had been un
ere taken to one of the neighbors. He me
led spoke in broken English, which was an
not intelligible and nothing could thi
be learnt from him.
Marshal Vigneaux lost no time co
a and instituted a through investiga
wo tion of the affair and obtained some luc
en very damaging evidence against ces
Summers. It was after a good deal pe
of searching that the officer found
is- the instrument with which the bloody
he work was done. It is an old French tO"
on scythe, on which were detected
in spots of blood and several hairs. spe
The unfortunate woman is the in
se mother of four children, the eldest
*s' being 6 years old and the youngest
he a baby of five months. They were La
t, taken to the homes of kind neigh
ad bors.
Upon being questioned as to the
er cause of her husband's murderous F0on
:d assault, Mrs. Summers refused to -
:h say, but asked Mr. Vigneaux not to cite
ry put him in jail. cau
Summers was employed on the
farm leased by his brother-in-law,
s' Jno. Welkins from Mr. Arthur Greig. In
se the
;V Asking Relief. the
d A numnbef of gentlemen of the 7th
It ward are circulating a petition which a
n will be presented to the Police Jury n
d asking that body to appropriate a
relief fund for Mr. Guillaume patc
Dupuis an old blind man who is in este
nr needy circumstances. The petition r
Is already signed by a large number
of prominent citizens of the 7th sam
ward and will, doubtless receive due trat
n consideration at the hands of our at
n Police Jurors, when presented to
n them. con
e
170 Boxes in One Day. suffs
Over 70o boxes of eggs were con
e shipped from this point last Satur- con1
s day, Lafayette contributing 70o boxes man
and the balance being from points
on the Alexandria branch. Agent shor
e Davidson informs The Gazette that
Lafayette ships daily as many eggs hon
as any station on the Southern afte:
1 Pacific road. mot]
A Bold Thief was
Early Tuesday morning a negro, little
SAlphonse Damon entered Mrs. -
rSprole's store and bought a flask the i
of gin. A few minutes later he was at tl
seen hurrying out of the store. This Miss
created a suspicion in Mrs. Sprole's class
mind that Damon had done some- sons
thing wrong, and upon investigation the r
it was soon discovered that some parti
$40 was missing from a satchel which "Lea
had jnst been placed behind the duct.
counter. Mrs. Sprole immediately was
notified the authorities of the theft, duct
and in less than an hour after, the -
active .deputy sheriff, D. J. Veazey, New
had located Damon near the brick days
yard and placed him under arrest. Stelly
As the stolen money was not found Sund
in Damon's possession, the officers -
arrested Jean Baptiste Hebert and -
Etien Belair, and two women, Marie cane
William and Emetidia Comeau, in- some
timate friends and relatives of trans
Damon, who are charged as acces- cars I
sories after the fact. fil w
Royville Itens. be fo
From Our Regular Correspondent vidin
-At last I a whole week without will b
rain. ence.
-The beautiful and dry weather- last si
of the past few. days, has cheered sive
and encouraged our people. Plow- sever
ing is being done; every bodly seem any
to be full of energy and although great
the sowing of corn is rctatrded this. -
ER season, we yet believe a full crop
Gets will be harvested.
--After a very pleasant visit to
our town, the Misses Vandergriff
f the departed for their home, in New
Oate Orleans Sunday.
ted -Mr. Ulysse Bernard, of the firm
ome of Bernard & St. Julien, of Brous
ame sardville, was in Royville Sunday.
S -Simonet Leblanc, of Abbeville, a
the only Sim, was in town lately,
for and as usual dropped in to give us
tch- that cordial shake. Come again, old b
man. a
Lost
-Mrs. Scranton left for Lafayette s
sod Friday, she will remain some time
nd as guest of her sisters, the Misses
Olivier. l
ade -Not only would it be a duty;
ake but an appreciated service to the el
te residents of this section, if the o
s- drainage committee would immedia
in tly inspect the public road leading B
of to Lafayette. For the last month, s
tng that road has been abandoned and
:wo impassable, and had it not been for h'
the the generosity and kindness of se
the Messrs Scranton, Primeau and tl
Ine others, we hardly know how traffic h.
id- could have be done. .The con
n's demned precipices are located about et
)us three miles from town. We warn
the the public to not attempt to pass ch
n through them. We will, for the con- wi
tro venience of the public, map out the hc
urs route now in use in order to reach fu
tii. this town safely. From Lafayette
fs. to Dr. Scranton's Cayret farm, ste
he the road is all that could be desired. of
fa Enter latter farm, follow road in pr
ie_ field, and then cross over in the en
Bossett property, still follow lane, up
tst which leads to Primeau's prairies; Ca
L tresspass his pastures and fields
en until.the Vermillion public road is
Ie met turn to left, follow public road 1
as and reach your destinations. Must on
Id this siege last long ? Is this a free wer
country? We say no ! more anor. Ma
-Your correspondent tried his Abi
Le luck at angling last Sunday, suc- fiel
st ceeded in hooking two dozens T
al perches. How is this for an amateur. whi
A -Mr. Lucien S. Broussard was in
town Saturday. Cot
:d -Little Ruby Scranton is now B
spending a few days with her cousins of I
le in Houston, Tex. and
it -Dr. Young was a visitor to
e Lafayette Tuesday. a.
CHEIROKIEF . war
Carencro News. th
F.nom O r cr.e-ul"r Correspondent. Colh
:o -There was quite a ripple of ex- on t
o citemnent in our town on March z reso
caused by the presence in our midst each
e of an eloping party, from Abbeville. strec
In spite of their efforts to conceal tha
the real cause of their short visit, atte,
the facts leaked out, and as is usual hole
h in such cases the knowing ones took offal
a great interest in their movements, as
a and gave them the customary sym- be a
pathy. The gentleman most inter- purp
ested was Mr. R. N. Bush assistant whic
railroad agent at Abbeville, and his jail
bride elect was Miss Trahan of the
same place. They took the first tect
train for New Orleans. We trust the
that by this time they have quieted poral
down and have the blessing of all thisc
concerned. fire v
-Your correspondent has been to n
suffering from an acute attack of On
comic valentines, and now fully bailk
comprehends and appreciates his as trt
many faults and foibles. of Ls
Boars
-Miss Antonia Melchior paid a A
t short visit to Lafayette last week. order
--Mrs. A. Vatter returned to her
home in West Lake several days ago Jud
after spending a while here with her after
mother Mrs. Valery Guilbeau. She inas
was accompanied by her charming accon
little daughter. Walli:
-For the week ending March a -Dis
the following medals were awarded Credi
at the parochial school: Ist class, of La
Miss Sarah Brown, "Lessons". znd Police
class. Miss Agnes Couvllon, "Les- ,
sons;" Miss Emma Babinean gained dered
the medal for "conduct.'5 Boys de- g
partment--rst class, Ellis Prejean, Es"'
"Lessons;" ClarenceBernard, ",Con- .ug
duct." 2nd class, Mr. Hubert Dupuis Antoil
was awarded both medals for "Con- ward:
duct" and "Lessons." Eraste
G. W.
-Mr. Stuart O. Nicholson of ment
New Orleans was in Carencro several Valsi
days the guests of Mr. Louis G. Avant
Stelly. He returned to the city last ...F
Sunday. lien T
-Jee whizz ! what prodigies ! cessior
'-The different buyers of sugar adin
cane will certainly have to provide a
made
some proper means for loading or for 73
transfering cane from wagons to Pelleti
cars the coming fall; or it is doubt- K. Bra
fl. whether the immense crop can leber
be forwarded. The company pro-jNcu
viding the easiest and best method, miaise
will be very apt to have the prefer- admittt
ence. The way cane was handled exccut
tasie I
last season was entirely too expen- Succes
sive to the planter. There were accolen
several appliances in use elsewhere, Compa
Thihod
any one of which would prove a ghto
great help here. and S.
--Misses Ressic Lessley, Otlile of pte
Crop Crouchet, and Lizzie Diniitry were
in Lafayette last Saturday, on a
.t to "shopping" trip.
rgriff - -Mr. Chachere, the well known
New architect of Opelousas, was in town
last Sunday, to submit to Father
firm Laforest the plan for the proposed
ous- new Catholic Church. If approved
day. and accepted Carencro will possess
ille, a truly beautiful edifice. It will be
ely, of Gothic architecture, solid and
us highly ornamental. It is very pro
old bable that the plan will be adopted,
and our town will take one more
ette step in the line of progress,
ime -Miss Virginia Smith of Sunset
ases was the guest of the Misses Melchior _
last Sunday.
sty; -Mrs. Cecilia Villere of Lafay
the ette was a welcome guest last week
the of her Carencro friends,
Bia- -Mr. Geo. E. Brwn, wds in
Ling Breaux Bridge last week visiting his
Lth, son Master Weston Brown.
md -Dr. J. P. Francez returned
for home last Sunday, after spending
of several days hunting and fishing on
md the coast. We understand that he
flic had a very pleasant time.
n- -Mr. A. A. Cheffer, went to Lafay.
out ette last Sunday.
trn -Mr. Theophile Breaux has pur
ass chased a fine hack and stocked it
3n- with a choice line of goods. We
:he hope his venture may prove success
.ch ful.
tte -There is some talk of starting a
m, stock compary for the establishment
Ad. of a sugar mill at Carencfo. The A
in proper men seem interested in the
he enterprise, and if they once make
1e, up their minds to push the plan,
!s; Carencro will surely have its mill. A
ds TOTIDESM VERBIS
is The Aldermen Meet.
ad The Town Council held a regular meeting
ist on the 6th instant. The following members
ee were present: Wm. Campbell, Mayor; A. M
A Martin, Albert Delahoussaye, A. T. Cail
is louet, Jno. O. Mouton, Albert Cayard.
Absent: Felix Demanade and I. N. Satter
C- field.
as The finance committee made its report,
r. which shows a balance on hand of $32.75.
in The Mayor, treasurer, and collector made
their reports which were accepted by the
Council.
By motion, it was resolved, that the license
,s of B. Ealk for keeping an opera house be
and is hereby fixed at $2o for the year 1894.
to On motion, duly seconded, it was resolved Sd
that the sum of $15 be appropriated to Mrs.
R. Herpeche and that the treasurer draw a
warrant for said amount in her favor. P
On motion, duly seconded, it was resolved
that a license of $Io for the year 1894 be
collected on each and every person carrying
on the occupation of baker and be it further
I resolved that a license of $5 be collected on
at each and every person peddling bread on the
street.
On motion, duly seconded. it was resolved
that the Police Jury be notified and their
t, ttention called to the closing of the sink
I hole in the Court House square wherever the
k offal from the jail is dumped, said sink being
a stenck.
Be it further resolved, that the city marshal
be appointed a committee of one for the
purpose of having a portable box made in
t which to place the offal of the corporation
S jail
e On motion duly seconded, it was resolved
that in consideration of having no fire pro
tection and the danger that is occasioned by
t the discharge of fire works within the cor
I porate limits of the town that from and after
l this date that it is prohibited to discharge A.
fire works of any kind or torpepoes, etc., and
any one using or discharging fire works in
town will be prosecuted.
f On motion, duly seconded, Judge C. De
baillon and Win. Campbell were appointed "
as trustees for the High School for the town
of Lafayette as per resolution of the School
Board.
A nuniber of accounts were approved and
ordered paid.
District Court.
Judge Allen adjourned court Wednesday, 0
after disposing of a large number of cases,
in a short time. We are indebted to the Cyp
accommodating dputy clerk, Mr. Creighton
Wallis, for the following list of cases:
Iberia Lumber Company vs. Aug. Degrez
-Diseontinued .... Joseph Plonsky vs. Their
Creditors-Tableau homologated . . .. Parish
of Lafayette ex rel. W. B. Torian, president McC
Police Jury, et als. vs. Numa Schayot
Judgment for defendant.... E. H. Vorden
baumen vs. Hugh Jamieson--Survcy or
dered to be made according to the judgminn
of the district court as amended by the
judgment of the Circuit Court ... Stauffer
Esnelmen & Co. vs. Rageur & Blanchet
Judgment for plaintiff.......Crow Girard vs.
M. T. Martin-Judgment for plaintiff....
Antoine L. Dmingue vs- Marie Felicia Ro
bin, divorce-Judgment for plaintiff....Ed
ward L. Estorge vs. Louise Duhon, widow
Eraste Morvant-Judgment for plaintiff....
G. WV. Scranton vs. Alexander Guidry-Judg
ment for plaintiff.... Custine Senegal vs.
Valsin Boudreaux, divorce suit-Judgment
for plaintiff. . . John R. Hloffpauir vs. Dora
Avant divorce suit-Judgment for plaintiff.
S.. Felix Demanade vs. F. C. Triay-Judg
ment for plaintiff.... Succession of Hervil
lien Trahan-Tableau homologated . . . Suc
cession of Milance Broussard--Tableau hom- H
ologated....Succession of Neuville Bozele
administrator disolved and bond cancelled.
... J. J. Thomas vs. Frank Ritchter-Rule
made absolute allowing keeper Sa per day
for 73 days ... Athenais Vavasseur vs. Jos
Pelletier and Adam Albarado, F. M. Hart
warrantors-Judgment for plaintiff .... G.
K. Bradford vs. L. L. Bourges and Alfred
Iebert-Judgment for plaintiff....Paul I)D.
Prejean natural tutor and others vs. Elodie
Neveu, widow--Judgment for defendant ad
ministratrix discharged .... Succ~ssion of
Marie A. Riohardtl-Last will and testanment
admitted to probate and ordered recorded and
executed .... Henry B. Guchereaux vs. Anas
tasie Bernard-Judgment for plaintiff....
Succession of Emile Creighton---amended
account homnologated and opposition of
People's State Bank to claim of Union Oil Manuf
Company refused. .... Joseph Levy vs.Rosella
Thilhoteaux et ais.-Exception of no cause or
right of action refused to the merit .... Teche
and S. W. HIedge Co., "I.td," vs. Wn. R
'oote-Judgmcnt of dismissal and demanded
of plTintiff rej~Aed.
•cr
were M. 1 s ]E31 O S A ^ Pr
ow" MANUFACTUR/NG JEWELEDR ..
town
here A ND WA TCHMAE ;A
osed
oved DEALEE A1
e Watches, Clocks, Jewolery. Diaeond
pro- AIL VE WVVAFE
ted1
pore SPECTAdLES A SPEdIALrf'f
,,set CHARM1S, BADGES AND MEDALS MADE TO ORDER;. ---
hior
ENGRAVING NEATLY EXECUTED=
fayek Mail and Express orders will received prormpt attentio~a,
T M BiOSSAY
in
his LOCK BOX i13. LAFAYETTE, LA
ned
ing Columbian Cash Store.
he MOUTON & SALLES.
ay1
u- 10 Dozens
it
We LADIES' and MISSES' HOSE
ss
--AND
Gentl'men's One-half Hose
he At extraordinary low prices ranging from 5 cents to 73
the cents per pair. Also a comaplete tine of
ke NOTIONS.
All the balance of our winter stock of woolen oods
etc., going at cut prices.
ing SEED POTATOES
ers
rd.TRAHAN & DOUCET,
r- Successors to J. E- TRAHAN,
CR LJU G IsT-c~-
de -AND DEALERS IN-
he
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
b FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
ed School Books aud Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigar,
Melliler's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compounded:Day & Night
-1i6--93 =y
ng
Miss Louise Revillon
_ --Solicits a visit to her
p4 ILLI NRY
' P1- FARLOR"-
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF FINE GOODS IN THE
LATEST STYLES.
m A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTJON
d s
At WHOLESALE and RETaIL
OFFICE AND YARD NEAR RAILR OAD D E POT.
LAFAYETTE. LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plows, Walkfl-g't~
and Riding Cuttivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes an "
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
Wagons, Cisterns. ,
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
NEW AND SEASONABLL
MILLINERY GOODS,
SUCH AS
Hats, Peathers, Silks, Embroideries Et.
also Ladies' and children's Shoes' -
G. LACOSTE.
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, C
and WA CON,
Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cultivators, ishc Hirrk
HarowT. Stalk Cutter. Corn and Cotton Planters, SUlk
Turning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
Coraer of .effcrsno aed VermUfloa n treetsr. L