BICYCLES IN THE ARMY.
Corps Will Make a Practical Test
Trip Over Rough Western
,Roads Under Lieutenant
" Moss.
(Spccial to Ithe New York Press.)
WASIINGrON, May i2.-Tl'he bicycle has
been officially made an arm of the service in
our regular army. This is the full significance
of the order issued yesterday by Secretary
of War Alger, directing Lieutenant James
A. Moss, of the Twenty-fifth United States
Infantry, stationed at Fort Missoula, Mont.,
to organize a bicycle corps of twenty from
among the men in hi. regiment, and to
make a trip from Fort Missoula, Mont., to
St. Louis. Mo., and return. The issurance
of this order is the successful termination of
long-continued efforts on the part of bicycle
enthusiasts, in the army and out, to have the
wheel recognized as a modern meats of
conveyance.
The order directs Lieutenant Moss to or
ganize his corps and drill his men thorough
ly by making several practice marches over
the mountain roads in the vicinity of Fort
Missoula, so as to test the wheels and the
various methods of packing them. When
he has satisfied himself that everything is
all.right he is to report his departure from
Fort Missoula and go to St. Louis, by the
most direct route, reporting progress from
time to time to his regimental commander
and to the War Department r.t Washington.
lIe is to make the trip without any more
delay than is actually necessary for food
and sleep.
A PRACTICAL TEST.
To ride in all kinds of weather, so as to
put the bicycle to as Ipctical a test as a
means of conveyance as is possible in time
of peace, is the purpose of the trial. The
corps is to carry tents, ammunition, arms,
equipments and food, and will not stop at
hotels, but will camp out each night, renew
ing the supply of tood from time to time as
may be necessary. The bicycle corps is to
consist of one lieutenant, who is the officer
in charge (Lieutenant Moss,) one surgeon.
one surgeant, three corporals and sixteen
privates, one of whom is to be a bicycle me
chanic. Each man is to carry on his wheel
a knapsack, which will be strapped on the
ht2ndle-bars oil the front of the bicycle; one
blanket roll, on the top 3f the knapsack,
containing one blanket, one shelter tent
half; and the poles; one haversack, either
on the front of the knapsack or on the hori
zontal bar, well to the front; one tin cup,
carried under the seat; and every other sol
dier is to carry a rille strapped horrizontally
on the left side of has bicycle; soldiers not
so armed carry revolvers and luggage cases,
whi,:h will contain extra bicycle parts, in the
diamond of their wheels. On his person
each Soldier is to carry his canteen and
cartridge belt containing thirty rounds of
ammunition. On tile completion of the trip
Lieutenant Moss will make a report to the
Secretary of \Var, which will undoulbtcdly
be used as a basis of a request by the Secre
tary from Congress for an appropriation for
money with wtich to organtize a bicycle
regiment.
MEANINc OF THIE ORttlDER.
The full meaning of the order just issued
at first will not appear to those unfamiliar
with the relative locations of Fort Mis
soula, Mont., and St. Louis, Mo., and with
the conditioun of the \\'esern wagion roads
-over which this journey is to bIe made. It
means that while the bicyclists are to have
their way about the trial of the bicycle tby
the army, the wheel is to bIe subjected to a
nmost severe test. Fort Missoula is in the
extreme westernl central part of .Montana,
and is distant from St. l.ouis, Mo., about
,,Soo miles. The roads -re for the most
part uncared-for trails, not much used, and
in many cases mere ruts. Streamtis will
have to be forded in many places, as only
the larger rivers have lridg.s across themll
or can be crossed by ferries. 'The whehlilng
across the main range of the Rocky 1Motiu
tains will be an especially severe test of the
bicycle. And across the alkali plains of
Eastern Montana and the Had lantls of the
i)akotas, where traveling in a l.alace car at
the rate of thirty miles an hour seems to tle
ordinary pa-sengcr to le a never ending
dreariness, the wheeling will be motst unin
teresting and will tax the men and wheels
to their utumost.
lBut lieutenant .loss does not think that
the prospect of this long and wearisonle
trip is uninteresting. ()n the contrary, ihe
looks forward to it wit: much pleasure and
impatience. lie is now here receiving his
final instructions and will start for his post
in a few clays. This kind of work is not
entirely new to l.ieutenant Moss, for last
July, on his own responsibility and in ac
cordance with the spirit of the ree.,minuenda
tion by General Males in his last annual
report that a bicycle regiment bie organized,
Lieutenant Moss organized a bicycle corps
at Fort Missoula of eight men. They took
part in the annual encampment and prac
tical drill of his regiment, acting as scouts
and messengers and as advance guard and
in many other ways.
RESULTS iWERE ENCOURAGING.
The results were so encouraging that he
asked and obtained permission to make a
trip from Fort Missoula to and through the
Yellowstone Park. The Yellowstone Park
lies between Montana and Wyonming, and
the roads over which it was necessary to
ride were of the roughest and wildest.
They carried all of their arms, equipments,
ammunition, tents, medicine and food, stop
ping at various forts for new supples of
food. They traveled in all kinds of weather
and over the whole distance, 1,5oo00 miles,
and made an average of six and one-half
miles an hour. To military men this rate of
travel over the roughest of roads is full of
significance.
They often fordedt streams, some of them
being three feet deep, and it was only when
in gumbo mud that the wheels were found
to be a hindrance and had ti be carried.
At all other times when riding was impos
sible the wheels were pushed along by hand.
The average weight of the bicycles packed
was 79 7-to pounds, and the average weight
of riders was 157 4-to pounds, or average
total of 237 i-to pounds. The heaviest
wheel, which was the one carrying the oven
and other cooking utensils, when packed,
weighed 86 pounds. The best ride was
made on September 3, when seventy-two
miles were covered in eight and three
quarter hours. T'he lowest record was made
on the return trip over the main divide of
the Rocky Mountains through Mullan Pass,
when they rode forty miles in ten hours
through rain, mud and snow. IHigh winds
were found to be the most serious obstacle
in the way, and the poor time made was in
each case due to this cause. They did not
meet with a single serious accident on the
trip.
FORTY-FIVE MILES A DAY.
Lieutenant Moss found that his men could
ride forty-live miles a day without any bad
effects. Longer rides tired the men. lie
thinks that with a little practice the men
can average sixty miles a day with ease.
Encouraged by the success of his experi
ments, Lieutenant Moss asked for and suc
ceeded in ,having issued the orders whi:h
Secretary Alger gave out yesterday. lie
has been in the East for the last month vis
iting the leading bicycle factories for the
purpose of looking into the construction of
a wheel for military purposes. His object
has been to secure the best of materials and
to minimize weight in a machine without
losing strength and stability. When he
submits his report after the proposed trip
has been made he will no doubt have some
interesting things to say about tires, rims,
and other parts of the bicycle that are pecu
liarly susceptible to breakage and accident,
and his report will have much to do with
the enlarged use ot the bicycle in the army.
For although almost all of the European
armies have adopted the bicycle as a regu
lar arm of the service, our officials have al
ways argued that the conditions in this
country were different and that our roads
were unlit for wheels. And this statement,
although not really true, has had the effect
of delaying the adoption of the bicycle until
this late day.
EUROP'EAN ARMIES.
Italy introduced bicycle messengers into
her army as long ago as 1870o. France has
a bicycle corpse attached to each of its regi
ments. England, especially in the volunteer
forces, has large bodies of military bicyclists.
In Germany the bicycle, although now in
use in the army, has been opposed by the
Emperor, who is afraid that it will make in
roads on his favorite arm of the service, the
cavalry. There is not much danger of this,
for the bicycle as a military arm has a pecu
liar usefulness which cannot be supplied by
either cavalry or infantry. It is superior to
cavalry for carrying messages in that it is
swift, noiseless, and at a short distance, in
visible.
And so General Miles, who is an enthusi
astic wheelinan, has determined to settle the
question for once and all by subjecting the
bicycle to a test over our wildest and rough
est Western roads. If it is a success there,
there can be no question about its use in the
more civilized parts of our country. Gen
eral Miles and almost all of the other army
officers here feel confident that Lieutenant
Moss's trip will be a success.
Lieutenant Moss is 24 years old. He is a
native of Louisiana and a member of the
class of 1894, United States Military Acad
emy. He is likely to outstrip many of his
classmates in practical military life.
We have been permitted to make the
following extract front a letter lately re
ceived from Iicut. Moss. WVe rejoice in
the fact that l:ieut. Moss is a Lafayette boy
and we will watch his career with much
interest:
Four MrssOULA, MONTr., May 24 1897
-I amn once more amid the snow-capped
peaks of the historic 'R ckies.' Indeed, one
can but feel the invigorating influences of this
grand, glorous country where Nature asserts
herself in all her grandeur and beauty.
Since my return I have been exceedingly
busy studying up the subject of rations,
poring over maps and making preparations
generally for our proposed trip to St. Louis
and return. Every one around here is
dhceply interested in the matter and forty
soldiers have already volunteered to make
the trip with me. I will organize the corps
to-morrow, and begin training at once. My
bicycles will not be here for a week yet, but
in the meantime I will deliver lectures to
the corps on the nomenclature of the bicy
cle, the functions of the various parts, their
care, etc., and go out into the mountains
two or three times a day for exercise.
The opinion around the \Var Dlepartment
seems to be that the future of military
cycling in our army will depend in a great
measure on the results of the trip. I have
made a careful study of the geography of
the country between here and St. Louis,
and ant aware that the trip will be long,
tedious, rough and trying and that we will
have to undergo many hardships. This
I fully realize and if I don't reach St.
Louis on a bicycle at the head of my cotli
nellnd, it will be because I will have beetn
taken back to Fort Missoula on a stretcher.
JAMi:s A. IMoti,
Lieut. 25th Regiment U. S. A.
Moss & Mouton are stocking up
extensively while lumber is cheap,
so that their customers at Scott and
Lafayette will continue to get the
benefit of lowest prices.
Notice.
Ily applying to me, teachers attending the
Peabody Sumnllier 'Normal School at Lafa
yette, can secure board andi lodging at
$3,75 a week. C. F. LA'rtIOlAs,
Superintendent.
Lands for Sale.
Several hundred acres of good lands situ
ated in the parish of Lafayette for sale on
easy terms. Apply to
JNO. A. IIUNTrER, Rayne, La.
4--6m.
School.
I wiil open a private school Monday,
May 24, at my residence. Special attention
to backward pupils. Terms moderate.
R. C. GREIG.
Lafayette, La., May to, 1897.
"ST- LANDRY'S CYCLONE."
35693
A fine Registered Jersey Bull, 4
years olt in April. His Sire the
only bull living or dead that ever
produced an 8-gallon Jersey cow.
His dam, 4 gollons. His daughters
very promising. Tabulated pedi
gree. Object of sale, to avoid in
breeding. Price $75 here.
C. A. SAINT,
-6. Sun Set, La.
Why Do You
Send to New Orleans and
to other cities to have your
Printing done when you
can have the same work
done at The Gazette Office
just as well and for the
same money. We have a
nice stock of paper always
on hand and on short notice
we will furnish you with
any kind of commercial
printing that you may need
in your business.
E. H. VORDENBAUMEN
Wants Contractors, Builders, Farmers, Mechanics and all persons con
templating to build, to know that he is in a positions to furnish all kinds
of Building Material, in any quantity and grade, at anly Station and at
most reasonable rates.
There is always in stock a full line of Pine and Cypress Lumber,
Shingles, Doors, Blinds and Mouldings, Lime, Cisterns, Wire Netting,
BarkVWire, \Vagons, Farms Gates, Builders' Hardware, Nails of all
sizes, Etc.,
Over xooo rich and Beautiful designs of mansions, Cottages and
Churches with plans and Specifications for sale.
Contracts for erecting such buildings true to plans can be effected at
prices to suit the times.
_ A. D. MARTIN, Agent,
Box 153, Lafayette, La.
P. De.MIIANDf ,
LIQUO.R -S.
WVine and TobaccoS,
STAPLE AND FANCY GROCERIES.
Lafayette, Louisiana.
Felix Demanade
TH -- MENT,
UP-TO-DATEM L INT
Sells Cheap
Groceries, Crockery, Liquors, Willowware, Fancy Goods.
FRESH STOCK ! CHEAP PRICES !
Lafayette, Louisiana.
What about those
SPRINO GOODS
At the + :- +
Lafayette Clothing House ?
Styles and prices to
Suit Everybody.
The Nicest Line of Clothing, Hats and Shoes ever
Brought to Lafayette.
There are others but none so good as the
Lafayette
CLOTHING. HOUSE.
I Am Ready
To offer my customers
The finest and Best
Selected stock of * * * *
Men's Furnishing Goods,
Clothing,
White and
Colored Shirts,
that has ever been brought to this town.
Call and examine them, and get prices.
LEON PLONSKY,
r-Lafayette, La.
Be sure you are right and go ahead,
Exclaimed old Davy Crocket, but,
Not all are able see the wisdom to be
Found in this oft-quoted adage
Although it is as full of it as Solomon.
Like the rugged old Hero of the Alamo, I
Kan't help advising you
To be sure you are on the right road and then go ahead
until you reach my store where you can buy anything
you may need at prices that will surprise you, whether
you want to purchase
Drygoods. Clothing, Not ions. -
Boots and Shoes or Furniture.
MME. EUGENIE DER1ES
......WilI Give Lessons in......
OCAiL MUSIC.
For terms and particulars apply between
9 and to o'clock a. in. on Wednesdays, at
the residence of Mine. fules Revilloi.
WANTED!
100 Beeves $ Yearlings
Will buy them in any
condition, fat or lean.
Apply to Alfred Hebert
or Sidney Veazey.
Chas. D. Caffery. * " *
Attorncaat-Law
and Notary Public.
()rfice on Madison Street,
Lafayette, Louisiana.
Wanted-An Idea -a tik
P |et our ideas: th may bring ou welith.
ne>"salshAn. C., f. or their ·1.800 prize offer
~au 1wth o one hou.and florven.Lna wanted.
B. F. Anderson,
CONTRACTOR - AND - BUILDER,
Lafayette, La.
Prompt attention given to all work. Es
timates and plans furnished on application.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
Improve your stock by breeding
to pure registered Jersey bull,
Star of Lafayette
(No. 47473.)
FEEI 2.50. Usual privi
leges of return. . At d. D.
MOUTON'S.
Wanted--An Idea -some imp
SIDNEY VUAZY,
lvand Feed Stable.
Reasonable ePrices.
Careful drivers furnished when
required.
Lafayette, La.
SANTA FE
0 o ROUTE
4 Dally Fraiiin
HIouston to Galveston;
2 Datly Tralrse
Ilouston to North Texas,
Colorado, Kansas City.
Chicago and St. Louis.
Finest Pullman Sleepers and Fine
Reclining Chair Cars.
Further information can be obtained by
writing to W. S. IEENAN,
G(ENRAL PASSENGER AGE.T GALVsSTOR\. TEX.
Mouton Bros. * e
Dealers in......
General Merchandt.is.
LOWEST
PRICES,
CONSISTENT
ullmth
QUALITY
GOODS.
Lincoln Avenue, - Lafayette, La.
WC CAN
Sell you the very best
at Rock-Bottoma Prices.
Our stock speaks for itself, and our prices conm
mend themselves to the close buyer, who wants to get
the full value for his or her money. We are satisfied wo
can give you what you need in
Dry Goods Notions,
Ladies' Fancy Goods,
Shoes, Hats, etc.
A Fine line of Groceries. - s-®es
Mouton & Hopkins.
H. C Salles, - .
SDeNTIST.J
Office on lhanchanan Stiect.
Lafayette. La.
AMT. CARMEL CONVENT.
Lafayette, Louisiana.
The system of education includes
the F'rench and English languages,
Music and all kinds of Needle-work.
Every attention will be given to the
health and comtforth of those placed
under the care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practhtioner in the State 22a years
and in l.afayettc 'Parish I I years, calls at'
tentlion to his new and successful treatmen
of the respiratory organs. Medical inhala
tions combined with Constitutional treat
ment a:fording a cue in Consumption ill
the first and second period, if they follow
exactly the treatment and relief in the third
period.
l)eafness and chronic diseases in general
specialty.
Orther C. Mouton, " " "
Attorney--at--Law
Lafayette, Louisiana.
Ash Wood and
Pittsburg Coal.
'--wholesale and retail
Stove Wood for
Families a Specialty
.AT 'l-H Ei
LAFAYETTE
WOOD AND COAL YARD.
Geo. A. DeBlanc,
Yard near >Moss & Mouton's lumber depot
L. A. LEBLANC,
JUSTICE OF T'IE PEACE.
Careful and prompt attention given to
the collection of bills, etc. Address:
1Youngsville P. O., La.
FRNK fBBftDIe,
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE
6th ward, Lafayette parish.
OFFtICE: CAR ENCRO. LA.
Alt collections and other business prompt
ly attended to.
6-20-i yr.
D. V. Gardebled
PHARMACIST.
antealer in
Drugs. Patent Medicinces,
D)ruggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tolbacco, etc. Sta
tionery, School Rooks, Paints and Oils.
Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
houas of the lday and night. Everything o
be found in a first class drugstore.
.~iNext to Falk's Opera House.
C. J. THOMPSON, & CO.
.4 Real Estate, 1
Insurance acnd Brokeage
Best Home and.*Foreign ,Insur
ance Companies represented.
Prompt and diligent attention
given to all business entrusted in
hands. OPELOUS.AS, LA.