THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JULY 7, 1894. NUMBER ..-
(Copyriaht, 189-. b
the Author. I
ICK FERRIS, of
the Gotham
planet, was in
the worst of
humors. lie
was a newspa
per man, and
used to assign
ments of all
sorts; but the
present one was beneath any except
the greenest of reporters.
A certain advertisement-seeking
prima donna had become involved in a
dispute with her manager. over the
question of wearing tights in the new
opera bouffe "Semiramis," and told the
reporters that the first night of the
opera would show the public which
si4e had triumphed.
Accordingly, the house was packed,
and Ferris was sent by the Planet to
witness the outcome of the struggle.
He watched the Amazon guard listless
ly in the opening chorus He was anx
ious for the appearance of the prima
donna, and scarcely noticed the rough
maidens in tinfoil armor, until his eyes
chanced to rest on the girl next to the
frgnt rank leader.
She had a different looks from her as
sociates, lacking something of their
professional air, and singing as if she
enjoyed it. The freshness and native
grace of the girl atttcted Ferris
Since boyhood, he had knocked about
the world, and it was seldom that a
new face interested him; but to-night
he found himself following this
coryphee fwith his eyes throughout the
act, becoming so much absorbed that
he nearly forgot why he had been sent
to he theater.
i Next day the face of the chorus girl.
and its utter incongruity with the sur
roundings, came to to his mind; and
the evening found him once more at
the theater where "Semiramis" was
plty ing.
} From a fellow reporter he learned
that the girl's name was Marguerite
G(ray, and that she carried about with
her "a mother who might have played
the role of the dragon in "Siegfried."
Ferris had little trouble in getting be
hind the scenes, and, thanks to the
good offices of the manager (who was
objectionably grateful to him for the
puff his opera had received in the
Planet), he was enabled to meet his
unknown. She was about to leave the
theater, dressed in the quietest of cos
tumes, and accompanied by the afore
said mother, who would have put
Medusa to the blush for stoniness of
manner.
Like a true diplomat Ferris devoted
himself to the worthy Gorgon, recall
Ing that her late husband had once
helped him out of a bad scrape-had, in
fact, stood by him like an elder broth
er. Ferris conveyed the information
that he had long meant to look the
another up to ask after his old friend,
and ended by obtaining permission to
call at her flat next day.
Next day he went to Mirs. Gray's
little Harlem fiat. and, having made
inquiries that morning, was able to
talk with a fair degree of intelligence
on the subject of the dear departed
Gray. In fact, so kindly did he speak
of his putative dead friend that the
widow's heart was won over, and he
was warntAj invited to call often
which hqa id.
Life became very pleasant to both
new paper man and chorus girl. In
,.he early winter twilight Ferris used
to call for an hour on his way from the
office. Mrs. Gray was usually busy,
and the two young people would sit in
'the dusky little parlor before a coal fire.
Ferris did most of the talking. M'ar
guerite listening with a sort of awe to
the man who knew so much and who
had read all those great books that one
heard about.
To please him, she tried to read
Dickens, beginning with the "Tale of
-T"' Cities," and though hopelessly
confused by the interminable line of
characters and English humor, had un
derstood enough to cry heartily over
Sydney Carton's brave death and Dr.
MIanette's sufferings.
She told him the story of her lifeone
ofternoon, upon confession that the
late Mr. Gray had not taken him into
confidence concerning home mattes.
$he told him of her father's business
difficulties and death, her mother's et
forts to support herself, and then Sher
own happy discovery that she could
made a living on the stage. Of the
trials, hardships and repulsiveness.of a
chorus girl's existence, she spoke littl.
Whenever he had a night off he we
to the opera with her, and knew e
sang better for his being thme.a ter
the show he sometimes invited her
mother and herself to suppor, but to
thesesuppers the widow coult never
be induced to consent Even Femris'
friendship for Gray pere, did notiorke
it proper.
So life went on for three monrths.
WInterpassed, and the coal firq was no
longer needed. Marguerite arid Ferris
bega.tfo plan Sunday excursions for
the summer months.
Abot this time capital and; labor re
vlve.teir long standing feut 'and the
famo ~ ~.':Homestead riots" began.
Feria was sent by the Plan$et to the
seat f "the disturbance, in company
wittgpeoal artist. He was to leave
Nw iork on Monday morlrding, and
Ssn4.eJMiveningr 'he called on the Grays
to slpood-by.
Muqt lGray was out, but he founnd
M argerite sitting befotre the open fire.
He mpqce to Marguerfte of his grati
tude f4_nher friendship to him luring
the monthbe, ' and said more than
he hsd meant to. Bft the look in her
eyes did not tend to make him regret
what be had said.
The Planet for the next few days
coutid graphic. eleverly-written ac
cou ofithe strike; then another and
less ile sty)| became apparent, as
thouh s ome ona else ae been detailed
nl~i~ j Gs yw~i. 'Tbhi was
the case, for Ferris was in a Pittslinrgi
hospital, his wrist shattered by a spent
ball Inflammation set in, and he did
not leave the hospital for six weeks.
On his return to New York he
learned that "Semiramia" had gone on
the road and Marguerite with it. A
president's wife lay dying at an Adi
rondack summer resort, and the Planet
sent Ferris to write it us* Shortly
after his return from thq Adirondacks
he was sent to report congress, and
consequently saw little of New York
that winter.
Before going he called at the Grays'
fiat, only to learn that they had given
it up the month before. The young
lady. the janitor saidl, had left her new
address in case anyone asked for them,
but that had been lost. Marguerite
was in town at the time of this call,
but was singing in another company.
After Ferris went to Homestead she
bad written to the address he gave her;
but as he was in hospital at the time
the letter did not reach him. Then the
company went on the road, and the flat
was given up. After the careful direc
tions left with the janitor she thought
it odd that Ferris never wrote, but sup
posed he was busy; and h-variably
ended such reflections by fallng into
day dreams based on his words of that
last evening. Even if they did not see
each other for a few months, he should
find how true she could be, and how
she would try to make herself worthy
to be the wife of so brilliant a man.
Accordingly all her spare salary went
toward tl-e purchase of books she had
heard him praise. Dickens, Swinburne,
Thackeray, Balzac, Emerson and a
host more authors were religiously
studied regardless of any connect.o.
Late into the night she would reat,
after a hot day's dusty travel and a
long evening's singing at some one
night stand.
There was a French girl in the chorus
whom she paid to give her French les
sons. This naJ teacher lost her tem
per at the many blunders, and laughed
at the ridiculous accent of her Amer
ican pupil, but for this Marguerite
"woN'T YOU SIT HIEREi?"
cared little more than for the headaches
and burning eyes that followed her
long nights of reading. Each step
brought her nearer Ferris' level, and
some day when they met once more he
would be surprised, and proud of her
improvement. If he had loved her in
the old days, even while she was ig
norant, what would he think of her
now?
Spring came again, and summer. A
travel-stained theatrical troupe boarded
a B. & O. train, taking almost com
plete possession of one of the cars. A
pale girl came down the aisle, and, as
she passed a man rose and, with a half
doubtful look, stopped her.
"Excuse me," he said. "but-you are
Marguerite Gray, aren't you? You have
changed so much that I was not sure at
first."
The man was Ferris, and Marguerite
Gray felt the blood surge to her face at
the sudden joy of seeing him. So they
had met at last, and now they need
never part again!
"Won't you sit here?" he went on.
"We have time for a good, long talk.
I'm going as far as Bialtinlore."
"Why, so are we," said the girl. "VWe
play there to-night. You'll be sure to
come, won't you?"
"Thanks," answered Ferris, a little
embarrassed, as a thought struck him.
"But I never go to the theater nowa
days-except with n.y wife."
A Lawyer Knocked Out.
The circuit court was sitting in a
New Hampshire town. It was a cold
evening, and a crowd of lawyers had
seated themselves around the hearth in
the village inn, when a belated travel
er, benumbed with cold, entered the
room. As none of the lawyers offered
to make room near the fire, he sat in
the back part of the room.
A smart young lawyer addressed
him, and the following dialogue took
place:
"You look like a traveler."
"Well, I suppose I am. 1 came all
the way from Wisconsin afoot, at any
Srate."
"From Wisconsin! WVhat a long dis'
tance you had to travel."
"Well, I did it, anyhow."
"Did you ever pass through hell in
any of your journeys?"
"Yes, sir; I passed through the out.
skirt s."
"I thought likely. Could you tell us
what are the manners and customs of
that place? Several of us would like te
know."
"Oh! You will find them the same s
in this place; the lawyers alwavs sit
nearest the flre "-Boston Herald.
SStub Ends of Thought.
Very few people are liars from
choice.
:Men are deceivers, ever; which is not
saying that women are nbt
Modern civilization has done more
for machinery than it has done for
morals.
Love is the air the heart breathes.
There are as many diferentisaions of
religion and love as there are human
beings.
Beauty has the peculiar influence
upon its possessors of making therm
think that nothing else is necessary.
A mirror never shows a woman what
is below the surface.
If there had been a dozen Adams in
stead of one, Eve wouldn't have flirted
with the serpent
Loss of respect for one man lessens,
In a oertaifn deree, oar renaPqt for sq
pam,-Detript Ir Pres' ,
FARMER AND PLANTER
CULTIVATING TOBACCO.
A Few Hints to the Raslers of Ste
Fragrant Weed.
Itn all our experience we have never
passed through a season as destructive
to tobacco plants as this. The freezes
of the 26th and 27th of March killed
about all the plants that had shown
themselves and injured many of those
left to such an extent that after linger
ing for several days finally died. This
is the first time in our long experience
that we have seen such a result from
freezing. Often we have seen a crust
formed a half or an inch thick and yet
the plants came out all right. The
misfortune happened at such an early
date there was plenty of time to re
sow. Of course the crop might be a
week or two later, which may mean a
great deal. The farmer that succeeds
in a crisis like this is one that had seed
already swelled and immediately re
sowed, and afterward saw to it that the
surface never wanted for moisture.
This is such an important point that
we deem it proper and right to intro
duce it on every occasion. In a case
like this it is easy to prevent loss by
covering the beds with corn fodder or
straw. We know of several that took
this precaution and saved their plants.
We ourselves admit we tl:ought there
was no danger and lost nearly all; but
say further that we were ready for the
emergency and now have plenty of
plants, though not quite as early as we
would desire. If the crop is set the first
half of June there is plenty of time for
it to nmature, provided there is no delay
by dry weather. The latter part of
July and first of August is a time whet
the crop should be pushing rapidly for
ward; but if three weeks of dry weath
er should prevail about this time, the
crop will not mature properly unless
allowed to remain in the field until
after there is danger of frost.
In 186i the crop was badly bitten on
the night of September 19, not confin
ing itself to low lands, as usually does.
but swept over hill and valley. In 1886
a like injury happened to the crop.
This was a late crop on account of dry
June weather, so the first of July was
reached before planting was finished,
One-half of the crop was not worth
saving. On the other hand. in 18
more than half the crop was not
planted until the first week in July,
and yet it made an excellent one, fully
maturing and saved without injury in
any way. So the uncertainty about
growing this staple snakes the farmer
anxious about getting it out early, that
is in the last weeks of May. Under
favorable circumstances it would ma
ture in September. Every cold wind
that blows after this date warns the
farmer that he might lose in a single
night the 1dbor of an entire season.
The present ednditiont of the plants
renders success somewhat uncertain
with the crop this year. Should dry
weather intervene to retard the growth
of the plants, or the putting them out,
then a favorable season later becomes
a necessity if a good crop is to be
grown. We here take occasion to warn
our friends from disturbing the roots
of the plants as they begin to take pos
session of the space between the rows.
If the land has been prepared as it
should have been. before planting. aim
to keep the surface clean by repeated
stirrings, with a view to prevent
evaporation and keep down weeds and
grass.
In answer to a correspondent who de
sires to grow white tobacco instead of
dark, much closer planting is neces
sary. Say rows 3 feet apart and 2 feet
in the row. so that when the crop is
ready for the knife the ground will be
fully covered. The best pn-ying crops
of white tobacco always do so; in
fact, the plants should protect each
other from too much sun. high winds
and dashing rains. We mean especial
ly during the time of ripening. If the
point of a leaf lies on the ground tdur
ing a windy day it will wear and
abrade until it will reduce it to lugs or
even trash. If the ground between the
plants is exposed to dashing rains the
lower leaves will be covered with soil,
which will show itslf on tCe Iarket.
We know little of the dark bacco ex
I cept that weight seems to be the first
consideration. In the white, however,
color, style and weight are about of
equal importance. It is a fact w ll
known that in the white varictles a
i heavy yield usually shows each of
these qualities. This indicates clearly
the importance of planting on land
I that, with rain in due season and
i proper cultivation, will bring a result
so much to be desired. In a season such
as we had in 1881. and again last year,
I there is no escape. No rain fell during
r July and August. The dismayed farmer
could only view his fields drying up in
the scorching sun. To cut or not to cut
was a question he asked himself every
day. We took the course we so often
Sfollowed in other days, but now we are
not sure which was right. Of this we
are sure, too much stirring of the soil
during a prolonged drought, especially
Sif work is done near the plants, is in
I jurious. If any cultivation is necessary
Son account of weeds and grass let it be
as near the surface as possible.
In answer to. many correspondents
t about the different varieties of Burley
tobacco, seed, fertilizing. etc., we would
cheerfully answer all if our opinions
were not published in Home and Farm.
a The expenditure of a small sum for the
paper is the shortest way out of the
Sdifficulty, as wve expect to continue our
correspondence, though it necessitates
the telling over many times the same
old story. To the beginner we say
there is no royal road to success in to
bacco growing. While the work as a
rule is light, much time and patience
Iare required. If a large crop is grown
on the farm it is probable that briars
Sand weeds will grow in the fence-cor
ners, and, perhaps, encroach upon the
fields.
WVe caution farmers against making
the tobacco crop the only money crop
bf the farut. A light area of tobacco
on good land, well cared for, ufsually
pays hantisomely, On an increased
-rca, the ,eeidents of weathrer and oth
e,:- ,:,,ron! i,,o9 tog ether y~g the "SlifB
salts of procursag help to save the crop
after grown, make it hazardous to risk
everything in that direction. Make it
a rule to plant only what can be prop
erly cared for. Plant on land only that
is full of plant food. Give other crops
a share of your attention and success
is assured-if it rains.-L. & P. Alexan
der, in Home and Farm.
FARM LIFE.
A Few Thoughts on the Beauties of Rural
Existence.
There is some danger that farmers
will become so intent on making their
lands pay a money return that they
will lose sight of much that is beauti
ful in country life. It is-not all of life
to be able to say at the end of each year
that there is a good margin on the
right side of the farm account. This is
all right, of course; we are on the farm
as a business. Ve ought to do our best
to make it say. But it will not do to
make money the sole object of our
labor. Th's is especially true if we
have childi en. To bend every energy,
from daylight to dark from week's
end to week's end and from one year's
beginning to another, to the gettir g of
money, is demoralizing to the farmer,
to his wife and doubly so to his chil
dren. Life's beginning is a most Im
portant era. If to the young it be
clouded by the gloom of a home where
the only object in living is to get
money, the shadow rarely lifts. The
whole life will be tinged with the
memory of those early days on the
farm. I believe that is one great rea
son why so m any leave the farm.
Their lives in the old home were
a ceaseless grind, unrelieved by
anything which touched the ten
deler side of nature. WVhat, then. shall
we do to remedy this? Make home as
beautiful as possible. Suppose the
house is old and yc u are not able to
build another. Beautify it as much as
you can. Set out trees acountd it, clear
away weeds. tumble-down fences and
all unsightly objects. I, t grass grow
fresh and green all about it. l']ant
flowers in pleasant places. And so all
over the farm. It will cost ouly a little
time to make it beautiful. Inside make
the house home-like. A few books
and papers: music if you can
afford it; at eventide let there
he aft ingatherinar of all the
children. head aloud to them anid Latv
them read also. Be one of them and
have a share in all that interests them
Study nature with them. ]Iow many
know the names and habits of the
birds Which illt about in summer? 'hco
of us can tell the names of the flowers
which, spring up everywhere on the
farm? This may seem to some farmers
"all nonsense." From such a decision
I most earnestly appeal. The little
lives entrusted to tus are the most
precious of all God's gifts to us. It lies
in our power to dwarf them or help
them unfold and reach heights of
success we oui'seles thay niever attain.
We have no right to entail upon out
children the heritage upon which many
parents do when they teach them to
hate farm life. There is no place on
earth which is nearer to Nature's heart
than the farm. We ought to love it
and teach our children to love it, too.
Farm life pays if it leads him to follow
it one single step higher thart he was al
first. No matter whether we die rich
in moneya or not if at the last our
friends can say of us that we loved
Nature and Nature's God. and pointed
the way up to them.-Edgar L. Vin
cent, in Farmers' Home Journal.
HERE AND THERE.
f-- _
-Sugar tbeerts t ro t''orth more to' feed
t to rows for auilk and butter than the
s prices which the sugar beet factories
e offer for them for making sugar. So it
s is not necessary that a farmer should
be located near a beet-root sugar fac
t tory in order to make beet-growing
s pay.
--Tht' south needs to raise twenty
h times more hogs. sheep and beef cattle,
with ltermnuda grass. sorghum, burr
1 clover and peas. not to mention a score
of other available foods ensily gl'ofl.
SThere is nothing ill the way of our
e ralsing the hogs.
-A good potato crop is apt to be the
result of a favorable season and virgin
soil rather than skill and care on the
part of the grower; but, ther'e is really
no good reason why a profitable crop
should riot be raised every year under
ordinary conditions.
-Every farmer ought to secure a few
hives of bees and increanse thelli has much
as possible. They are laborers for which
no Wages are required, and they board
t themselves, with occasional assistance
from their owner when he has drawn
too freely from their stores.
-The best use of salt is to apply it in
r small amounts to v egetable manure that
n 'e wish to make quickly available for
plants. In large quantities salt retards
Sdecomposition. That is the way we put
a things in a pickle. liut a little salt de
e stroys the vegetable tissue which comes
e in contact with it, especially if exposed
1 to air and moisture.
S --1Bees should be obtained about forty
Sor forty-five days before the beginning
of the honey flow, so the second brood
will be ready for the harvest. After
the egg is laid, it takes three days for
it to hatch into a larva, and after this
Y is fed six days it is grown so as to fill
the cell. T'The cell is then capped, and
s in twelve more days the perfect bee
emerges.
e -Experiments bearing on the two
e methods of tilling and check rowing
r corn were made in 1891-93 at the Utah
g station. Corn shecked, tilled both
e ways and not tilled, yielded 39.64 bush
els per acre; checked and 'hilled both
ways, 36 bushels; checked, then tilled
Sand hille'd one way 49.84 and 43.5 bush
e els; drilled and tilled one way, 43.5.
- Hoard's Dairyman gives these hints
a about wooden vessels: "Don't set a
wooden bowl or butter printer in the
o sun or by a stove to dry. They last
much longer if dried slowly. Also wet
r these things before using them for
a cream, milk or butter. If the ores arc
t filled with water they can not absorb
r grease and so get tainted. WooC a' ill
Sabsorb the buttt4 fats in rmilk and r !k;
products. and (bey wil4 iLt dry i.m .
does water." a
MERCILESS PARTISANSHIP.
Republicans Unregardfui of the Interests I
of the People.
The country is still in a broad grin
over the beautiful manner in which f
Tom Reed and the republicans were t
"put to sleep" by Speaker Crisp when 1
the question of passing the seigniorage I
bill over the president's veto came up a
in the house the other day.
When Mr. Bland brought up the sub- t
sect there was great glee among the c
republicans. Their leaders, with smil
ing faces and chuckling .lips, eagerly a
gathered in consultation, laying their c
plans for the fun they expected to have c
at the expense of the democratic side v
of the house. They would set their 1
opponents by the ears; they would 1
"egg" them on; they would give them e
plenty of time and plenty of seom, and
they expected the fur and dust to fy I
and the democratic party to split wide 1
open. So engrossed were they in dig
ging this pit for their opponents that
the speaker, in accordance with the
rules, had ordered the vote, the first
name on the roll had been called, and 1
the republicans were buried in their
own pit before they could bat their
eyes. Their weak, dazed and wholly i
ineffectual efforts to extricate them- 4
solves make one of the most ludicrous 1
chapters in congressional history.
Their little plot, which was thus frus
trated, was in keeping withitheir entire
course since the democracy assumed
power. Since the 4th of March, 1893,
the republicans have never made a
movement which did not look to the
advantage of their party rather than to
the good of the country. It matters i
mot how grave has been the public ne
cessity, or how serious the demand for
statesmanship and patriotism rather
than political intrigue and partisan
ship, the republicans have never risen
above a desire to tie the hands of the
party in power, to divide it with dis
sensions, and to protract and intensify
the evils from which the country was
suffering and from which it was crying
for speedy relief, because by so doing
they thought they could arouse the
wrath of the people against the demo
crats.
They pursued this policy of obstruc
tion and irritation with reference to
the repeal of the Sherman act, voting
for it at last when they could no long
4r prevent a vote, and immediately aft
erward malcing a concerted effort to
prevent the recuperation of the "oun
try by insisting that the business de- 4
pression had not been due to the Sher
inan act, but to the fear of tariff re
form, proceeding, at the same time,
with systematic efforts to incite a fear
of tariff reform.
They are pursuing the same policy 4
with reference to the tariff bill, doing
all they can to prevent a settlement of
tariff legislation because they believe
that continued uncertainty, however
much it may injure the country, will
also injure the democratic party.
Their plan in the house to get tgp a
long wrangle over the seigniorage bill
veto was simply another effort to make
party capital at whatever cost to the
common good, which is now so depend
ent upon financial stability and integ
rity.-Louisville Courier-JournaL
TAXES AND PROSPERITY.
lSigh Tariff Productive ot Hard Tpimes
and Bankruptcy.
When the failure of a prudent farm
prs' crops creates a gap between the
receipts and expenditures on settle
ment day he immediately contrives to
reduce expenses and increase reve
nues. Any other course would entail
bankruiptcy in the end. When busi
ness is dull and the profits on reduced
2 sales fails to meet the fix harges of
s the enterprise the prudei] merchant
or manufacturer sets about devising
means to reduce rents and minimize
other expenditures to the end that
threatened insoivency mday be averted.
When an intelligent people are bur
dened with charges beyond their ca
pacity to pay, the wise course is to
adopt measures to lessen the charges
so that their labor may be released
from needless taxation.
The American people are suffering
from excessive taxation. When busi
ness is brisk, sales rapid and profits
large the merchant can stand high
rent, liberal wages to employes and
costly methods of transacting busi
fless. When crops are abundant and a
ready market supplies an aotvie de
r mand at high prices, the farmer doesn't
feel the expense of implements. But
Swhen conditions are reversed, and in
' stead of profits as the result of busi
ness effort in the store or ceaseless toil
1 on the farm, the round-up shows a
loss, economies must be introduced to
3 prevent disaster. Then a difference of
a few hundred dollars a year in wages
I and rent and a few dollars apiece on
t farm machinery becomes a matter of
r importance.
s After the war the release of a vast
t army with large sums representing
- their wages in their pockets made busi
s ness all through the country lively.
i Prices were high because, the money
was actively employed. Taxes were
r high, but that made no difference.
Profits were so large that the amounts
i drawn by means of taxation were not
r missed. But gradually things have
, changed. Profits have dwindled and
s everything has decreased except taxes.
1 They go on and increase while the
Iability to pay is lessened. The conse
quence is bankruptcy, and the remedy
is in reducing the charges. Any capa
ble business man or intelligent farmer
understands this.-Kansas City Times.
--Gen. John C New has given the
tip to the Harrisonians. He says that
- Mr. Harrison will not accept a renomi
nation unless there should be "a great
Semergency." The Harrisonisan plan of
campaign includes the manufacture of
"a great emergency." The thing is
s very simple. All the Harrison men
s have to do is to capture a majority of
r the delegates to the national conven
t itlon and nominate Mr. Harrison. This
t would create an emergency suficiently
r (great for all practical purposes.-But
e j1o Courier.
-Again Gan. Harrison denies that
he is a candidate for the presidency.
Erven the incredulous will begin to
realize that he is in the runnils and in
A CRUSHING BURDEN.
Tbis Uxtortloate' Tribute Levied on the
Country by the Repabieams.
In his recent speech on the tariff bill
Senator Voorhees admirably presented
the r.eons why the country should
be freed from the crushing burden of
McKinleyism. So convincing were his
arguments for the necessity of radical
reform and so scathing his denuncia
tion of the system which brought the
country to the verge of ruin that there
was added humiliation in his admis
sion that the measure reported by the
committee was not to his liking. Con
cessions had been made to a powerful
and unscrupulous opposition in order
to secure a passage of the bill. Those
men had their way whom the eloquent
senator pictures as striding the corn
dors of the capitol issuing their edicts
in the tones of dictators for or against
the enactment of pending measures in
the halls of congress.
It was a most significant admission d
of the senator that "those men who F
own and represent these woolen in- -
terests do not hesitate to declare on
what terms a bill vitally affecting
seventy million of people will be per
mitted to become a law and in default
of what provisions for financial profits
to themselves they will insure its de
feat" It is conceded that the bill does ]
not meet the popular demand which it -
aims to appease. It is a step in the
right direction, but a much shorter and
more disappointing step than the peo
ple called for in the exercise of their
sovereign right
But let there be no misapprehension
as to where the responsibility for this
deplorable state of affairs belongs. It
rests with that arrogant and grasping A
power which has been protected in
the accumulation of a strength which
dares to essay control of national legis
lation. It was dominant and unques
tioned in the latter days of republican
supremacy. It owned legislators and
dictated their line of policy. It was as
powerful in political as in financial af
fairs. It was a plutocracy representing
but an Insignificant fraction in the
number of our population, yet it was
in absolute control of our national af
fairs. The republican party served it
and the entire country paid extortion
ate tribute.
It is this element which has asserted
itself in the senate and forced the sub
mission of an unacceptable tariff bill.
It has triumphed for the time but has
called attention to an influence that
must be suppressed before the rule of
the people can be assured. In this ]
view of the case the present loss and
humiliation of the country may in the
end be its gain. It is made plainer than
ever before to the average citizen that
his wishes count as nothing against
those who are rapidly absqrbing the
wealth as well as the power of the na
tion. Senator Voorhees has pointed out
the evils for which they are responsi
ble, and time will accomplish the
changes which the safety of the coun
try demands.-Detroit Free Press.
COMMENTS OF THE PRESS.
-Mr. Harrison points with pride to
the election returns from his state.
Gov. McKinley doesn't.-N. V. World.
--When (en. Harrison says he does
not intend to become a presidential
candidate in 1S90 he winks with the
other eyehf-WashinWton Times (Ind.).
-Harrison is not big enough to
stand a two years' open campaign for
the nomination, but a still hunt may
give it to him.-St. Louis Globe-Demo
crat (Rep.).
--The eternal fitness of things is
admirably illustrated in the selection
of McKinley to advocate national bank
ruptcy as a republican success.-Chi
cago Herald.
-This is a great country, and con
sidering the fact that it is still af
t flieted with Coxeyism and McKinley
ism, twin relies of republicanism, it is
doing remarkably welL-N. Y. World.
- The funny republican editors
having had a real good time over the
news that Louisville, Ky., had gone re
publican, it may do no harm now to
tell them that Louisville has not had an
election since last November, at which
time it went as democratic as usual.
Louisville Courier-Journ aL
-Tom heed's reputation as a Jonah
has been well sustained by the result
in the Third Ohio district. Reed has
elected more democrats to congress
than he ever put out of it by abuse of
t the powers of speaker.-St. Louis Re
public.
- It is easy to see that the repub
lican newspapers do not care anything
about the democratic victory in Mc
Kinley's old district by the frequency
and emphasis with which they make
the assertion. Roscoe Conkling said:
"The shallows murmur while the deeps
are dumb."-Detroit Free Press
--A doleful Chicago McKinley or
gan breaks out thus: "The unexpected
strike at Pullman is a very foolish af
fair and shakes one's confidence in the
intelligence of the expert mechanics
who have been employed by that com
pany." Its confidence in the intelli
gence of these workingmen has been
shaken so seriously that it has already
t presumed to tell them that they need
Smonopoly tariff taxation to make them
d prosperous.- Chicago Herald.
Kept It Up Too Longea.
SIt is a good time for the republicans
to pause and see how foolish they have
ybeen in committing themselves to the
Sposition that any bill the democrats
r might pass would ruin the country.
. They have been irreconcilable all
through, finding each revision worse
than the preceding, and growing shril
ler as the <evil day of the passage of
some bill approached. In this way
Sthey have burned their bridges behind
them. They cannot now fall back on
s the protective features left in the bill
and say that these have kept the coun
Stry from going to the dogs, where it
will yet surely go if the wicked dem
i ocrats are allowed to do any more tariff
revising. They have so thoroughly
overdone the bugaboo business, and
staked their all on the irredeemably
bad character of the W'ilson bill, that
It they will find it very hard to keep up
. their hysterios in the future. Even if
o they try to, they will find the business
a public so sick of the thing that they
will U oo havesns t@ quit t,-- Y-, Pe
NUMA BROUSSARD,
Cabinet Maker and
Furniture Repairer
OF ALL KINDS.
Turning of Banisters, Scroll Banisters,
Fancy and Plain Mantels, Fancy Glase
Doors of all kinds, Brackets, etc.
LAVPAY1E'lrl LA.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
Near lank malldlag.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. G. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lafayete, La.
B. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
Attornleys at Law,;
LAFAYETTE, LA.
E. PRIOLLAUD,
Watchmaker
and Jeweler
-AND DEALER IN
1ich Jewelry, Watches, Diamonds, Eto
C:o3g's Building, Courthouse Square,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA,
ALBERT de la IIOUSSAYE,
BAKER
Confectioner,
Vermillion Street, LAFAYETTE, LA.
LRAlIOAD BARBER SHO'.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THiE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
H. L. FIONNIER,
-Dealer in
General
flerchandise.
FRESH GROCERIES ALWAYS ON HAJD
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
EED Stable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required.
LAFAYETTE, LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Vill practice in Lafayetto, St. Mary
and Vormillion Parishes, and the Su
premo and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
OP'ELOUSAS, LA.
-AND
Sale Stable
E, COlISTANTIN, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHIIART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years,
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his new and successful breat- -
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalations combined with consti
5 tuttonal treatment affording a cure in
a Consumption, in the first and second
period if they follow exactly the treat
i ment and relief In the third period.
Deafness and chronic diseases in gen.
eral a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAUl,
SNotary Public
jANP---=
Justice of the, Pe e ce.
..l"Careful and prompt attention given to
B-e collection of bills, accounts, notes or
7 Grafts. Sale and purchase of lands at
d tended to. .ll
SC. I. MOUT(*~,
. st 1. rlargartleLe