THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE. .
V OIUMC1IE II
VOLUME.II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 16, 1895. NUM.R "
g Ii a gMY CASTLE IN THE AIR. l and P--ul t .N
OUTON BROS,.
-DBALERS IN
= "- General
i Merchandise.
LOwest Prices Consistent With'
Quality of Goods.
LUmela Avenue, :'LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician, A
Opposite Mouton a Salaes' Store,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
.of8. Repairing of fine watches a ape
oialty. All work cheap and guaranteed. nY
lT. CRMEI COI LVTc
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Bt it
* The system of education includes the a
French and Englis lanuguales, Music tac
lnd all kinds of needle-work. Etery con
attention will he given to the health as
and comfort of those placed under tha tac
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior. in,
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,Ueir
hum
Near iRiik IIulldng. Sh
FlRED OIINOTOi, Proprietor. ed
owest prices, consistent with work it
done. All work promptly attended to, bt
Satlsfaction'guaranteed. colla
H. C. SALLE S, as
DENTIST.se.
Office on Buchanan Street, sire n
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA. the m
E. O. VOORHIES, v
A TTORNEV AT LAW AND 1 e
NOTARY PUBLIC platfe
SL-arayete. L. and j
1{. W. ELLIOTr,
Attorney at Law hr y
and Notary Public aace
LAFAYETTE, LA. was C
0. C. & J. MOUTON, e
LAFAYETTE, LA. don me
missed
Sidney Veazey, No
LIVERY a pren
D Y forty-fl'
AND Stable.
Lincoln Avenue. "Thai
Two Blocks From Depot. thick si
Flrst.class rifgs at reasonable prices lost my
Careful drivers furnished when required I am af
LAAAAiETT, . LA. gage, ai
j an 17. aferaid t
C. DEBAILLON, ..-That
Will practice in Lafayette St. XMary youshot
and Vermillion IPaishes, and the Su. don, do
promo and Federal Courts at Opolousas all is are
and New O:leanu.
LAIP A IS I'E, LA. A few
RIILRo PID BiR BR SI P a
AD--- h hsh
•IIri lt l "1 s small cr
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot. the rack
THE promD wis ti
THE "OLD RELIABLE." With Uth
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor. of his nai
a porter
-AND-- and a la:
Sale Stabl e =that
J. L. DUAT ton,
SaMctitronerUin the Stte 2years, tr
andin Lafayette Parish 1l years, calls
attention to his new and successful treat- "'Ma~am
assent of the respiratory organ.. Medi- of being f
cal inhalations combined with consti- "Yes, m
tutional treatment affording a cu'.e j* wish to be
Consumption, in the first and second ahateful
period if they follow exactly the treat. The old,
kent and relief in the third period, elderly lo
DeafneI s and obronio diseases in gen- No mother,
.erl a spebialty. fying from
O. I=. GUiLBEAU, ,s~eo.
P lic gore. Bad
duchess 'v"
----- thought sha
Justiceofthe Peace. why she
Gtreipland prompt attention given to w vePled.
Sth olletion ot lalaq. emoants, notes os in a big eloi
.At. ale _and-pureease of lands at.. ly, "a hldy;
r- a.A -1-19 No. no,
b.d li ia  --
.. 0 8iv _
MY CASTLE IN THE AIR.
If I could go ballooning,
And had the time to spare,
I'd journey to discover
My castle in the air.
It stands. that stately building,
Beyond the yellow moon.
W'here tradesmen's bills can never come,
Not even by balloon.
He eyes its door in vain,
Because its oistern runs with,
No water, but champagne.
1se Its roof has been constructed
s So very high and steep,
No love-lorn cats can clamber there
To frighton gentle sleep.
It With' My neighbor's hens can never
Defy the garden wall,
Because there are no neighbors
Or hen coops near at all
So in the garden nodding.
TTE, LA. Is rich profusion grow
Tobacco trees and cauliflowers,
And roses all a-row.
01 could I reach my castle,
I'd never need to think,
And clothe my dreams in Ink. t
IE, d naever need to scribble know ho
I'll hire a big balloon.
A n1 all away with--I know whom
liyond the yellow moon. t
-David La Costs, in Home and Country. d
A WELL-MATCHED PAIR.
How Prince Demtoff and Lady 01
Constance Were Robbed. ti
ti,
aft~lon of
es a spe- The platform was crowded this sun
ranteed. ny morning with excursionists and r
swell yachtsmen and ladies with golf,
. Two people attracted a lot of atten- al
tion by their palpable efforts at con- sh
cealment. lie, although the day was ro
so hot, was enveloped in a long cloak 1o,
with a collar reaching past his ears, cv
,de ths and his cotton-white hair and mus- cr
Music tache showed up occasionally in strong
Every contrast to the deep brown of his face fri
health as he turned to watch the porters at
der the tacking a huge mound of his belong- thi
ingsf
r Each Lox ind bag was emblazoned Cao
with an imperial coronet over a mono-C
gram, and they told o0:e another bo,
guardedly and under r.romises of pro- mit
found secrecy. "that was Prince Paul all
IDeintoff. the owner of the new one- his
hundred rater now lying off South- s
HO. ampton." d
She, the lady, was tall and graceful- tnt
S ly girl like. A neat hat, blue sere unn
Re. dfern frock; a sunburnt straw hat., bro
work with a dark blue ribbon; tiny tanned swa
Dd to. boots, a white shirt with a turn-down ilhe
collar, and a flowing white tie com- boal
pleted her costume, saving a thick gos- yacl
samer veil that completely hidl her old
face, and but for the whitenes-s and steri
purity of her neck it would have Th
seemed she suffered from some facial beau
disfiguremnent. It was evidently a de- inani
sire not to be recognized that led to and
LA. the adoption of the yashmalt. and
She was evidently expecting or court
avoiding some friends. lier head furni
.ND moved wath a bird-like quickness as boud
she scanned each new arrival on the and a
platform, and her slender hand, white "I
and jewellers, twitched nervously fighi
round the handle of the morocco mono- bring
gramned ease sthe carried. Catching we ma
her eye from a distance, he walked to- And,
ward her with the easy, finn assur- but y
liC ance that women like. She saw hie hue a
was coming to her and waited calmly In
-perhaps she breathed more quickly. doftum
He raised his soft hat, and with a ly: "I
courtly bow said in perfect English, man, I
with the mere scent of accent: "Par- ney ;
don me, you are distressed. Have you statio:
missed your maid? Can I be of any some
service to you?" !er
Now that his hat was off he appeared stains
a prematurely white-haired man of She lo
forty-five or fifty, with a firm face and her fa
voice-a man evidently used to com- dilatec
,' mand. into m.
"Thank you, very much," came in a the ca
soft, sibilant voice from beneath the was go
thick gossamer. "I have not quite to cate,
ea lost my maid, but my portmanteau. she rej
Id I am afraid it is under that pile of lug- said in
gage, and"-with a little shrug-"I'm "O,
afraid that pile of luggage is yours." in
"That is mine, madame. I will get boardi"
your bag at once. May I ask where lie to
you are going? To Southampton, and ing and
it is of the highest importance that deck.
ry you should not miss this train? Par- "John
u' don, do not trouble. I will see that trip to
as all is arranged." "Lor'
A few words to the guard, a rapid dying f
passage of backsheesh and the missing "Geti
bag, with a dainty monogram and "Aye,
" small crest, was placed carefully on Tumble
the rack of the first-class carriage by Under
which the veiled lady was standing. the yacl
With the coolness that seemed part ing the I
of his nature, the Russian indicated to er-like c
a porter a small hamper, and had it The Ii
placed in the same compartment, against
There must have been some collusion an exper
and a lavish tip, for though the train the tillei
was crowded, the guard, after the im- fully thr,
perceptible manner of his kind, kept a time a
Sthat carriage empty until the train giving tl
started and they found themselves preciativ
alone, securely looked in. oned her
A sudden start ran through her "I will
slender frame. She paused and asked row morn
quickly: "Do you knowwhen the next been dece
train leaves Waterloo for Southamp. Paul Dem
ton?" robbed hi
He was desolated. Of course she am nowg
missed her maid, but he was afraid yacht," a
n .at for some hours, faced her.
"Madame is glad? Madame is afraid She smi
of being followed?" good! Ta
"Yes, madame is glad. She does not Lady Coni
wish to be taken back and forced into maid, but
a hateful marriage," blushing prettily. London 31
The old, old story-stern father,
elderly lover, titled, rich, but horrid.
No mother, sister, no brother. She was Three di
flying from bondage to her aunt, Lady hotel aske
Azuregore, in Guernsey. vard profe
Yes, she was Lady Constance Azure- cession, if
gore, ad he really met her at the A little
duchess of Arlington's dance? She waiterwch
thought she knew his face. That was "N'o, ssh
why she trusted him so implicitly on brother; "
the platform, of course. But it she turtle."-P'
was veiled. Why was he so shronded
in a big eloak? "Come, now," Isazious
ly, "a lady? An elopement?" "I think
No. no, and -again nol Nothing so inventor.
Joyous. He was Prince Paul Demtoff, "Tell us
and had fallen between two stoolse- ist, whowas
had Inohrred the enmity of the San- of friendsh
'Ple) oouwt tibawouh ooquettgaur wth "It l a
E AIR, and Paul in St. Petersburg, and, on
the other hand, finding the "party of
progress" going too far, he was threat.
u ened with death for deserting the red
f flag. I
"You must pardon me, prince, but
thought you were a detective?" C
l y this time he had ze.trtned to his I
i hamper and produced defly a table- i
cloth, plates, knives, forks and servi
ettes, a small bottle of Chateau Mouton o
r there Rothschild and a dainty cold chicken. s
Their mutual confessions had lessened ti
embarrassment, and the lady, after Si
making a little moue, said she was so b
re hungry and so glad to eat, etc. a
They chatted and laughed as the Ii
train sped through the beautiful coun- if
S try, and by the time Southampton was it
thought of she had smoked a mild cr
cigarette and he had kissed her hand. be
She had readjusted her veil and he at
assumed his big cloak with a sigh as ca
the whistle of the train signaled the at
station. th
m- "The Guernsey boat does not leave N
till midnight. What are you going to of
Country. do? Where will you put up?" p0
"I don't know. I never will be taken tal
PAIR. backalive. And you? You are hunted. t
What will you do?" tin
"Go on board may yacht. She is lying eu]
SLady of here, and the gig waits for this tr
ed. train at the landing steps. I must hail shn
them, as none of them know me. My not
his sun- agent has engaged an entirely new the
crew, skipper included, all English. I the
ts and wvant no nihilists on board." And he em
ith golf looked moodily out of the winow. fa
She made a sudden movement as if har
if atten about to speak, but drew back. Again fall
at con- she leaned forward, and repetitin sut
lay was roused him from his thoughts. He ers'
ig cloak looked up and saw her eyes glistening
is ears, even through the thick veil. She was
d inns- crying.
Sstrong "'What is the matter? You art st
his face frightened. Can I help you?"
ar "I hardly dare ask you. You may o
belong- think badly of e, but ill not be t
forced into this detestable mnarriage, to se
azoned Can you-may I-" sle
mono- lie divined her thoughts. "Stay o box
nother board my yacht and board the boat at one
of pro- midnight? Yes, your ladyship, yes in res
all honor, yes," and he held out both the
won his hands, aid with a sob almost i
of h- hysterical, she placed he r tiny gloves
in them as the train stopped nhil
They left the station by a side door
eunnoticed, and, walking down the
St, broad graveled road with the soft
anned swared and the oldtine cannon, passed
-down the crumbling walls and found the
corn- boat manned by six bronzed, typical
:kgos- yachtsmen, the skipper, a fine looking
Ser old nun, sitting motionless in the
L and stern sheets holding the yoke lines
have The boat soon shot alongside a
facial beautiful schooner yacht. The crew
a e- manned the gangway as the prince
led to and Lady Constance came on board,
and a motherly, sunburned woman like
Sor courtesied her through anu exquisitely Te I
head furnished saloon cabin into a bijou length
as as boudoir with a lace curtained bunk and
Stheand a host of feminine fripperies. groun
hite "I may nail to-night. Is all ready? night
usly light. Take thu boat and go ashore, of wO
tono- bring off my luggage andand anything and a
hing we may want fronm the ship's stores. on to
d to- And, Johnson, keep the men afloat, sketch
sur- but you just find out if there is any haidy
v he hue and cry about a lady eloping." lower
Imly In about an hour he returned, and other
kly. doffing his peaked cap said mysterious- be ma
a ly: "I spoke to my cousin, the pleece- easily
ish, man, an' he says there's a lot ' co culturi
Par- ney detectives down a-watchin' th,
you station an' the Guernsey packet for
any sonic young ouonan." Thei
liar ladyshi ha washed all travel as dait
td stains away atndt changed her frocks. It is n
of Stirhoe lo l e a fresh rosebud, but a r
and her face grew deati.ly pale, her eyes all ani
om- dilated, and the nerve lines deepened lisned
into marks of agony when he told her now r
a a the captain's story. tie thought she that c
the was going to faint and made athough trot a
tits to catch her. Vith a supreme effort Watercc
. she regained her self-possession and of salt i
g said in a hoarse whisper: salted
I'm "Oh, save meel Take me to Guerney Butter-a
in your yacht, or I will jump over- that fe
;et board!" cream w
re lie turned on his heel without reply- ery, w
n d ng and went up the companionway on Pia for ri
tat deck. used. E
ar- "Johnson, your wife doesn't mind a fall bai
at trip to sea?" erequired
"Lor' bless your royal '"Iness, she's value of
id dying for a sniff of the ocean!" cow and
g "Get under weigh at once!" of milk u
id "Aye, aye sirl All hands on deck!
n Tumble up, my hearties!" Prot,
y Under a good southwesterly breeze Unless
g. the yacht spun almost merrily, throw- thorough
rt ing the foam in long, beautiful, featlh- nish it wi
to er-like curves from her clipper stern. causing
it The lady stood leaning dreamily splitting
t. against the side ropes, and the prince, perhaps
San experienced sailor, evidently, took wheel.
Sthe tiller and threaded the way care- posed to
a- fully through the crowd of craft For to be a a
it a time neither soke; then, abruptly opens th
ngivinu the management to thle ap. moisture.
a reciatively critical skipper, he beck. leave a c
n ondher into the cabin, some iold i
r "I wril l and you at Guernsey tao-mot lng be thi
row morning" he said, "rbut e have better atiln
Sbeen deceiving you. I am not Prince cheap dlo'
Paul Diemtoff, I am his valet. li have body, whe
robbed him of one million roubles and or wagon
am tnow going tote t Ah o thie in his t he road e
yacht," and he stood up ringidly and and tlhe wI
tfaced her. ie a m tonce a yea
She i n smn -ds aid calmly: "Very towardt
good! Take mo with you. 1 am not weather.
Lady Constance Azuree. I am her
maid, but I've got her jewel case."- Thm
London Million t. The irnr mhe
lating a tin
ett o hat Iia b d. visibth anea le nof
Threedierent waiter ata southern throughoie
hotel asked a Litte prim, precise ala- orh anzln
yard professor at dinner, in quick sue- national, ii
cession, if he wu a soup association,
A little annoyed, he said to the last e!wed ense
waiter who asked: "Is it compulsory?" great interi
" Ko, ash," answered our friend and at Albuquem
brother; "no, sub. I t hink it am mock aatumn of:
turtle."-Progrvssiye Age. is the hope
Has d ldais. tltions with
"I think I have it this time," said the in the form
inventor. tors, is the
"Tell us about it," said tie capital- western m
Ist, who Was Wuling tolisten on grounds patriotism
_It le fold ingr W. that obse t craiet o tho n
rg, and, o TIHE FARMING WORLD.
" 'party of
was threat
ing the red PROPER CULTIVATION.
EM It the Farmer W11 Find Goodt Crops
prince, but and Good Dollars.
xr," and she It is probably a fact that it would
cnow half always pay to harrow wheat after it
e?" comes up. A neighbor of mine once
sed to his harrowed his wheat and rolled it after
ly a table- it came up. I thought he had ruined
and servi- it; but he had a better crop than I had
anu Mouton on land of similar character. I have
Id chicken. seen corn harrowed after it had at
id lessened tained considerable size. The process
ady, after seemed to tear the corn all to pieces,
she was so but time showed that to all appear.
to. ances the harrowing was beneficiaL
ed as the In harrowing wheat after it comes up,
tiful coul- if it has been sown broadcast some of
Upton was it will naturally be torn up, but the c
ed a mild crop will be better. The soil cannot r
her hand. be stirred too much in the earlier
eil and he stages of plant growth. Crops that
a sigh as can be drilled, such as wheat or peas,
naled the may be drilled deep enough so that
the harrow will not touch the roots.
not leave Not only does cultivation rid the soil
Igoing to of weeds, but it puts it into the best)
possible shape to enable the plants to
I be taken take up their food and also enables
e hunted. the soil better to hold moisture; and
tihe earlier and more thorough the
ie is lying cultivation the easier it will be to de
Sfor this ,stroy the weeds. Weeds at first are
must hail shallow rooted, and even if they have
me. My not yet appeared above the surface
rely new they will be so disturbed as to prevent
'glish. I their growth. After heavy rains
And he crusts when they form on the sur
"oo'. face should always be broken by the
ut as if harrow. If grain that is sown in the of
c. Again fall is harrowed in the spring the re- aa
Ipetitiun suit will be very satisfactory.-Farm- ob
hlts. He ers' Voice.
istening --------
She was MOVABLE PLATFORM. me
ou art Just the Thlng for Farmers Who Wish to Pol
Drive Posts. po
In driving fence posts a platform of of
not be some kind is required for the operator in
to stand upon when manipulating the pre
arriage. sledge. This is usually a cumbersome bus
Stay on box that is rolled and tumbled from doc
boat at one post to another as the work pro- son
gresses, and if the ground is uneven An.
yates b the support is very unsteady, render- tolc
almost aug the work unnecessarily tiresome pie
for the operator. It takes but a little and
gloves while to construct a wheeled platform qua
e door chu
ru the A thnd
to soft that
passed tier,
nd the of h
typical TI
oolncing eP and
an the poul
net that
aide a poul
c crew I ha
prince SIMOVABLE F-R"3 PLATFOR, at tl
board, me t
roman like the one illustrated herewith. thing
isitely The top or platform is three feet in chlict
bijou length and two and a half feet wide hens
bunk and twenty-eight inches from the hens
ground. The wheels should be six or nea
eady? eight inches in diameter and may be mSce
shore, of wood or iron; the handles are four Sincthe
thing and a half feet long with a step nailed ex ce
tores. on top of them, as shown in the built
float, sketch. This arrangement will prove ducei
Sany andy in gathring apples from te nowa
lower branches of trees, and for many house
y and other purposes about the farm. t ca at house
ou be made from bits of boards and is Id th
eeco- easily roved about.-American Agri- locust
cock- culturist.
'the ,--- wi th
SProgress in the Dairy. On the
for There is probably no branch of farm hemlo
ltg that has made such rapid strides posts
avel as dairying during the past five years. With t
)tks. It is now possible to estimate the an- post, C
but anal profit of each cow and to discard feet t
eyes all animals falling below an estab- plate.
ned lished standard. Blutter -making is run ar
her now reduced to such fine proportions The
she that churning is varied so as to con- plumb
ugh trol water in the finished product. The weathi
fort watercontent varies with the quantity lock a
and of salt used, used; thus, fresh or light- Door a
salted butter requires less water. indicat
ney Butter-malcing will soon be a science site the
ver- that few farmers can afford. Milk and or latti
cream will be sold to the city orcream- The c
piy- ery, where aroma in the form of bacte. droppir
on ria for ripening will be cultivated and made o
used. Economy in dairying will then bars co:
I a fall back on the farmer, who will be boards
required to study and know the actual handily
ie's value of the food consumed by each ordinar,
cow and its value returned in the foran doors t
of milk or fertilizer.-Farmand Home. apartms
eki __ __ _ or close,
Protecting Buggles and Wagons. I shou
`ze Unless the wood work of a wagon is avoid e
W- thoroughly protected by paint or var- Slate c
th- nish it will swell whenever it is wet, the sun
7n. causing "springing" of the spokes, vermin-]
ly splitting of the hub and felloe, and pense bt
se, perhaps the dishing of the whole and prol
tc wheel. When wheels are long ex- of the he
e- posed to the sun's rays there is likely at least
or to be a shrinkage of the wood that ground
ly opens the joints, readily admitting outer edi
p- moisture. When it is necessary to Nests
k- leave a cart or wagon out of doors, let house to
some old blankets or pieces of carpet- and conr
r- ing be thrown over the wheels, or. back par
re better still, have on hand a piece of in the illi
te cheap cloth large enough to cover can be le:
e body, wheels and all. A light carriage pense are
d or wagon that is frequently driven on of 10xL,
is the road should have its rim painted for a fli
d and the whole thing varnished atleast more.
once a year. That will go a long way Mly rea
y toward protecting it from the hemlock
t weather.--Colman's Rural World. purchased
1r ___ which wo
- The Irrigaltion movement. tion at lea
The irrigation movement is accumu- the cheap
lating a tremendous impetus, which is and look (
visible not alone in the wvest, but
r throughout the country. The work of
Sorganizing and agitating, through It is sai
national, interstate, state and county methods
associations, will go forward with re- the heigh
Snewed energy from now until the next cord is str
great international congressassembles the ears
at Albuquerque, New vMexico, in the this distal
autumn of 1895. That this movenment from the s,
is the hope of prosperity for millions will grow
and that it will safe-guard our insti- distance e
tutions with a new bulwark of liberty, other met
in the form of small landed proprie- the knee a
tors, is the oonflidnt expectation of with that
western men. Their appeal is to net If it
patriotism and the best spirit of hu- of two too
manity. They seek to build to; the taller.
credit of their couetry, to the goor of g
their waoe, to the .lowy C tgCl~o-. thlo one i
'low qf .tvlke v*QW "Yor
SORLD. MOD.L HENHOUSE.
t Freseents a Good Appearance nas ws I
ION. Not Copt Very Iuch.
Uoot Crops There seems to be, writes George E.
Seott in the Ohio Farmer, a great de
Sit woul mand for cheap, comfortable, roomy
it after it henhouses, both on farmsand suburban
nine once places. and especially among the
ed it after daughters of farmers and business
ad ruined men living out of cities in comfortable I
than I had country homes. The cheapness of t
r. I have building, the small- expense of stock- 1
it had at- ing up with a good flock of hens, and t
e process the rapidity with which an increase is t
t pieces, obtained, are some of the attractive f
u appear- features of the business. By close at- a
eneficiaL tention, properly protecting, feeding ii
comes up, and providing good sanitary condi- Ii
some of tions, a handsome income can be got J,
,but the out of the business. Without expe- U'
il cannot rience or knowledge no person can ex- o0
e earlier pect to succeed. It is the better part
ops that ta
or peas, ea
so that th
he roots. e
the soil e
the beso e nw d
plants to on
nre; and du
ugh the e
: to de- ex
first are e zh yes
icy have "r
surface ,o . u aa
prevent f i " ;,iher Io
'y rains V ei--v iFarm, y ri
he sur
by the A MODEL .IIENxOUrSE. on
in the of wisdom to start slow, or rather on
r the re- a small scale, acquiring knowledge by mer
-Farm- observation, reading and experience. s5.
The other day a fashionable young
lady stopped me on the road and told is '
tn me shei was about to embark in the o'
Wish to poultry business. and wanted to talk bill
poultry. This lady, belonging to one sun
orm of of the oldest and wealthiest families shi.
perator in our township, was r aking actual thei
lng the preparations to take up the chicken thai
rsome business for profit and occupation, no it
d from doubt fearing she might come to want the
rk pro- some day. But aduiring her genuine avc
uneven Anglo-Saxon grit, I bid her God-speed in
nder- told her she had better go out to "fr a- t Vh.
resome ple Valley Farm," my boarding house, mo
a little and talk to a certain lady of my rac Kinl
aform quaintance residing there, and get tio:
chuck full of chicken enthusiasm. full
And out she went. I learned later year
that eggs, this winter, are to be plen- tink
tier, if not cheaper, from an overdose trad
of hen enthusiasm year
This landlady of whom I speak is, large
and always has been, an excellent gle
poultry-raiser. I am fully persuaded tha
that women are better adapted to ing g
poultry raising than e men folks are. N
I have watched this particular wonan conce
at the business, and she has often told pute
me that I was "too awkward for any- there
thing" about the henhouse, and was But
with. better calculated to build henhouses, ng.
eet in chicken-coops and raise feed for the advi
ide hens and chicks, than to care for them. sarily
i othe Wohen a woman says a thing she Ail ou
means it, and I toomc her at her word. `hall 4
tbe Since that hour I have only watched ul orl
four the modus operandi as a sort of chief as abc
ailed executive of the hlen department. I re
the built a henhouse, and have repro- 'This
rove duced it on paper. What is wanted the rp
thi nowadays is a respectable appearing ocf tra<
any house, roomy and not expensive and mpor
tcan at the same time comfortably warm. republ
id is I would start my building with eiKht Still e
Agri- locust posts set 2a feet in ground ear f.
with about 6 inches above surface. wshy v
I On these posts lay edgewise four 2xh cause
rm- hemlock joists, spiked and toe-nailed to soiureu
ides posts in rectangular shape, 10x24 feet, i herm
rars. with an upright ,x4 studding at each logic t
an- post, of height to make the building 8 x'37"00!
ard feet to square from top of post to fet ex
ab- plate. A plate of 2x4 studding should No do'
is run around the structure. uP by t
ons The frame, after being squared up. this -cs
on- plumbed. and braced, should be might
ohe weather-boarded with surface hem- statda
ity lock and well battened on outside The f
ht Door and windows should be placed as Haow of
ter. indicated, with one window just oppo
nee site the entrance door and either wired ditions
ad or latticed for protection. the ext
,- The overhfead platforms for catching which i
te e droppings from roost should also be rison ad
nd made of cheap hemlock, and roosting To pret
en bars conveniently adjusted abotve the of gold,
be boards so a scraper can be worked years, C
al handily. The partitions are made of was onu
ch ordinary lath, latticed together, with caused
an doors to allow entrance to either side disregas
a. apartment or left ajar for laying room lessons i
or closed for hatching. national
I should prefer single roof or slate to or ls it
s aveoid excessive heat durin summer.i bill, won
r Slate cools quickly after the heat of ternatios
the sun leavesit. A lining of some good rency bil
e, vermin-proof material adds some to ex- force the
id pease but very greatly to the comfort of the go
and profit of the fowls. The interiorte ents reli
of the house should be raised by filling reason it
at least six inches above the outside ish than
t ground with tightlynldtting boards on gold, s i
nouter edge at base of building. to expect
S Nests can be distributed over the be retain
house to suit the needs of the fowls, taI.
and convenient climbers adjusted at, -""The
back part of center room, as Indicated wanting i
in the illustration. One of the rooms very shall
can be left oif where less room and ex- est electic
pse are required, leaving a bnild ing dates A
of t OxIC, which would be large enough present a
for a flock of fifty hens or even spite of
more. publikan
Mly reason' for constructing out of the ryt"
herlock isd that that material can be Budd, den
purchased at from 81e to 814 per , thousand
which wfould make the costof constr- Now the s
tion at least one-third less than out of to steal tb
the cheapest pine, and last just as long Estee, whc
and look equally as well. While the
slookit a
A Hint from the Arab.. fir other
It is said that the Arabs have two City Timei
methods of estimating what will be
the height of horses. By the first a p At
cord is stretched from the nostril over palper, the
th ears and down along te bne New tork
from the withers to the feet. The colt TomsPlatt
will grow as much taller as the first ToryPlat
distance exceeds the second. By the victory,
other method the distance between wInhis
the knee and the withers is co mpaed s ofinhi
with that from the knee to the cor- oard tofdie
net. If it and reached the proportion he simplt
of two to one the horse will grow no party agm
t e must Purge
Ba~sbs by far is a perkh ins e of all maei
thas oe .in e hous* with ventiintios loam to t
fOjYR 9ver eIi ea of as genya
,,.i..'- '~.~h- -·- ,
THI REASON OF GOLu E3PORTS
-Bnut Sem IRepubllen I.egisstlatn the ('use of the
Tremenlesdo Outgo.
orge T-e Indianapolis Journal was boast
erat de- ing the other day of the large foreign
uburba investments mnade in iAmerica after
tong the the passage of the McKinley Lill, anrd I
business at the same time asserting that ex-I
afortable ports of gold at present are caused by 1
pness of the Carlisle currency bill. The Cour. i
of stock- ler-Journal took occasion to show that i
lena, and these investments after the na-sage of
crease is the McKinley bill were nmythical, so
ttractive far as they were-indicated by the gold
close at- movement, as the net exports of gold
feeding is the twelve months ended .June 30, t
condi- 1891, were the largest since 1G04. The
a be got Journal admits the accuracy of the fig
ut expe- ures submitted, but tries to w'riggle 0o
can ex- out in this way:
Iter part "The Courier-Journal :otnts out that daring
the fiscal year which ended June 1$i. 1591, !.he I
net export of gold was 08.130.es. o thr,, thre c
largest since 181t That is true. but why was en
this large export of gold necessary in 1J.1? Bre
cause the net exports of merchandise amount- tr
ed to but 11.18,l4.l That balance in olur far to
was not much over one-third of the molerl- a
necessaryl to pay foreign freights and interests
on American securities held abroad. no the
gold went. The Courier-Journal also calla at- do
teatin to the fact that the net export el cold tli
during the fiscal year ended June 30. 81)3. was csi
, 87,503,401 True; but turn to the reeordI of
exports and imports of merchandise for that
year. and it appears that we bought $18.:-33,278 ls
more abroad thau we sold. Tlhat is. wo had to ti
pay during the year not only the forcigu an
freights and dividends on ser-rities. but 15.
737,78 of adKverr e trade balance. That shows go,
why the gold was needed. s al
"There ar a few otLer interesting rfcts In the
S connecton with this matter. 'he net export na
of gold during the fiscal year which ended
June t 0. 1894. was t4.5 8.a1:. VWhy as the nct fs
her on export so small? fecause the net export of big
dge by merchandise during the same period was (37,- L.ne
rience. ' 5.930
young iNow, it will be observed thtt this rec
istold wholly irrelevant to the qluenstion teC
inthe whether the passage of the oMcKlinley in
talk bill induced foreigners to invest large lis
to one sums in American securities and to rat
milios ship gold to this country to pay for T
actual theta. The large net export of gold of
sicken that year shows that they did not do tion
it. The Journal admits this, but says ties
want the balance of trade, thou.h in our n
nmine favor, as te phrase is. was noto mnuch trus
in our favor as it might have been. plu
rd hy was not the balance of trade
louse more in our favor? Was not the M sc
y Kinley bill passed to check importa- tei
get tions? If it be said it w-as not yet inry
iasm full operation, we pass on to the fiscal t
later year 1883. when it was certainly ct- fre
plea- tiug in its work, and the balance of ties
trade was whatis called adverse. This eit
"Iear we exported $7,50d.48. in eold.the xi
ik is largest amount ever exported in a sin
lent gle year. This showed clearly enouhll DO
aded that the Mckinley bill twas not bring
d to ing gold from Europe. The
are. ow, so far as the trade balance is
,an concerned there is practically no, dis- A r
told pute that it would be paid in gold if off to
any- there x re no other causes operating, popul
But otlher causes are always operat- he a
ias, 1g. Hence, if we assume thlat an high
the adverse balance of trade e will nce s- -h
em. sarily cause anr outflow, or a balane excep
she in our favor atn inflow, of gold, we to nn
rd. hall continuall find statistics refut- help a
had iug our theory. In thie fiscal year 1104, ties el
hief as above stated, ne exported more than can b
awe imported, by some $337,o000,000. much
pro- This was an ideal year according to west.
ithe republican theory, as the balance high t
of trade was so largely "in our favor." ntion.
and Imports were really checked, as the people
republican platform of 1s68 demanded. eseryl
Wit Still everybody kuows it was a bad self sc
nd, ear for business. The simple reason vcrryb
tce. why e did nrot import more was be- Which
2x6 cause we could not afford it, our re- The
Ito sources having been crippled by the o one
et, Shermaru act panic. lit republican party r
ich logic we ought to hlave imported, net. flcicin
g 6s37,000,000 of o old, but, in fact. our fore. th
to et exports were over four millions- people
rid No doubt the difference -was made everyb(
tip by the return of our securities. and Whet
ithis was caused by the fear that we its cane
be mlight not be able to aitain the gold winninl
standard.
n- and if t
ic The fact remains that the large out- to refer
aiov of gold was going on under the the real
a Harrison administration. All the con- Argus.
ed ditions alecting the currency, owith
the exception of the Sllerman act, Mfr. Wt
which were operating under the liar- per Cent
rison administration, are still in force. is the i
To pretend, therefore, that the outflow carr on
ie of gold, which has been going on for presides
o years, whether the balance of trade icd on ti
f was one way or the other, has been fineries
h caused by the new currency billis to form tih
Sdisregard all the probabilities and the trust. '
lessons of experience. Not a dollar of to the
national bank currency, as it s now, the trus
or as It would be under the pending what it
bill, would be available to settle in- It is one
f ternational balance The new cur- of a sham
d rency bill might, and probably would, over, it
force the banks to furnish their share Germany
t of the gold for export, and to that ex- Americar
tent relieve tile treasur,-. For that and meat
reason it is rather calculated to dimin- licans wi]
ish than to increase the shipment of this bill,
gold, as It gives an additionalreason age of t.
to expect that the gold standard can ential of
be retained. eLouisville Courier-Jour- their allj
nal.--- _general a.
-The republican Pretentions of Y. World.
wanting fair and honest elections are --Shri
wery shallow when such fair and hon- that the
eat elections fail to elect their eandi- commltte(
dates. A living example of this is the voting do
present situation In California. In sider the
spite of the manipulations of re- trust of tI
publl...an election oiecers in that state from the c
the returns show the election of ing dutie:
Budd, democrat, for governor, by one that the d
thousand three hundred plurality, insatiable
Now the republicans are threatening will figure
to steal the state outright for old man Dpaign of i
Estee, who was defeated at the polls. nopoly is a
While the R. o. p. wears a very pious lation, anl
look it also carries an itching palm new go o:
foir other people's property.--Kansas progeny a
City Times. three of ti
-A stanch western republiean hes-_
ppser, the Sioux City (Ia.) Jornal, --Willi
believes that the republican party in Harrison w
-New York state wll make a esrioxs Senator Qu
mistake if it does not '"turn down" for a new
Tom Platt. "He did not win the late course Sen
victory," it says; "ho had nothing to %c]inley y
do with it; the only contribution it his new mil
was in his power to make was to keep he had an e
oat of sight. When he now comes for- proposed t,
ward to dictate the use of the victory so handao
he simply raises an issue within the Kansas City
party agqinat himself, The party
must putge itself of his bossism and --- , M
of afl Pasohiae dictation, if it hopes *iis. . b
•oae: to rttin control in New Y~'k.
be I)PD bqs~lj~t~ 9 u4"b', '
::"PORTS SM'KINLEY13SM VS. PROTECTI 4
ose of tse rrohiilti,-e Unate os.f the Uca5elsley
Sban TIIelr Results. t
" Ibon. .ohn A. Kasson, who-will bey:..
re foreign favorably,l refnemebered as a republican
ica after meniler of congress a score of yea rs
bill, an~d ago. rites a letter to the WVashington.
that es- Post to protest against the use of the
^aused by phrasec "MIcKinley im is dead." That
Llie ('our. is. Mr. TInsson objects to that phrase
,how that if it is to be understood that MoKin
a-sage of leyis:n means "national protection,'";
thical. so "ne °ufe'-.i: ally he conveys the ideac:"
the gold that if 't toesn't mean that, but some-:..
of gold thing else, then lihe doesn't care a con-i
June 80, tinental cuss what becomes of it.
?04. The Mr. Kasson is justified .in feeling
f the fig. some anxiety on that point, and in
w"riggle order to relieve his mind the Times as-i
sores him that NlcKinleyism doesn't
hnt diring mean ''national protection." What if
is. in, .he means is the robbery of the many to
tl". iit enrich the fet-, impoverishing the.
t Ji s - millions to add to the plunder of the
Se.mountt trusts, and reimbursing the mannfae -
our favor turing barons for the millions of dol
e moter ]art they contributed to the republilca-,
lo, tht corruption fund in 188s and 18093 in or
ocalls -t tier to debauch the ballot and corruplt
>~t ait old the voters of the country in the iter
1553. was est of thle republican plunderers.
lor thoa That is what McKinleyism means, ae s+
18.7-33.2'8 distinguished from national protec.'
ea had to tion. When Mr. Kasson representet.
foreign an Iowa constituency in congress thi -
at shows governhlent was under the policy of
national protection, and he was among
facts In those republicans whe protested
Sexprt nagainst the increase of the tariff taxes
ithe net for the reason as they then said that
-xport or higher duties would be burdensome
ras sar.- and unjust. Subsequently such presi
dents of his party as Grant and Arthur
it this recommended a reduction of the vn.ii
lestion ties. lint McKinleyism doubled .thenm
KTinicy in nearly every particular, and estab
t large lished not protective but prohibitive
and to rates.
my for The consequence of the substitution
,f gold of McKinleyism for national protec
notdo tion was the formation of a seuga
it says trust, a steel trust, a cordage trust, a
in our barbed wire trust and various other
tnuch trusts, the business of which was to
tbeen plunder the people, and they did busi
trade ness with great earnestnessand assida- .
e tMc- ity until the election of ]892 knocked
ports- them silly. Then the new tariff bill
et in was enacted, and, though the advo
fiscal ates of McKinleyism denounce it as a
5 get- free trade measure, it provides for du
ce of ties a trifle higher than those which
existed when Mr. Kasson -as in onj -
gress.-Kansas City Timea s n co
ough DON'T WANT HIGH TARIFF.
The People of the West hot in Favor of
ce is Higher Tai.
dis- A republican politician in the far
id if off territory of Oklahoma expressed as .
tin'. popular truth when, a few days ago,
eraht le said: "'The west is not stuck on a
t an high tariff."
eces. Nobody is "stuck on" a high tariff,.
ance except its beneficiaries. Nobody wantsi
I, we to pay atny more taxes than he can.
efut- help and everybody wants the necessi- .
1894, ties of life at such a price that they
than can be readily obtained without too
,000. much toil and effort. Not only the
r to west. but the east, is not "stuck on" a;
nee high tariff. A high tariff is high tax
aor.* ation. The taxation is borne by the"
the people, and as it is impossible that,
let,. everybody should profit b,. taxing him
bad self so it is equally impossible that
eson everybody should profit by high tariff
be- which means high taxation.
re- The days of a high tariff are over.;
the No one of authority in the republican:
can party pretends to favor a return to thei
2t. McKinley tariff. No party will go be
our fore. the people on the issue that the,
'us. people shall pay more taxes and that
ae everybody is better off by being taxed. '
ld Whether the democratic party elects -
we its candidates or not, its principles area
old winning a stronger hold on the people.i
and if the republican party continuea'
u to reform, it will soon be practicing't
he the real truths of democracy.-Alban)
tan Argus. i how.
ith It Will Chow.
ct, ir-. Wilson's bill repealing the ' ten
ar- per cent. discriminating duty on sugar,
3e. is the least that congress can do to :
)w carry out the recommendations of th"9
or president's message. This duty i'lev-I
do hed on the products of the German re "
en fineries and beet sugar farms. These(
to form the chief competition of thej
is trust. The discriminating duty addedj
of to the -.ie-tenth differential snake
v. the trust's protection equivalent t -
ig what it was under the McKinley act,.
a- It is one of the most shameful feature .
r- of a shameful and corrupt deaL M1ore-
I, over, it disturbs our relations with,
e Germany and adds burdens on the'
c- American farmers, whose breadstuff.
At and meats go to Germany. The repub
m- licans will not prevent the passage of
f this bill, as they prevented the pass
a age of the bill repealing the differ
a ential of an eighth of a cent, unless
their alliance with the trust is of a ,
general and permanent character.--.N.
Y. World.
~ --Shrewd republicans must realie,
- that the republicans of the sen.at·
- committed an irremediable blunder in'
voting down the proposition to cono
sider the bill depriving the sdgar
trust of the privileges accruing to it _
from the differential and discriminate,
ing duties. There can be no dquba
that the degrading influence and th .
insatiable greed of the sugar trat-a
will figure conspicuously in the oa ,.;
paign of 1896. That monstrous am
nopoly is a proaduct of republican leWse
lation, and the republican party mauk
nPew go on record as defendingr its '
progeny against the attack of aiut51
three of the democrats of the sMent
-Rochester Herald,
---William MoKiley and Ben
Harrison will not6 the fact that it
Senator Quay who introduced the
for a new presidential meauaoasi
course Senator Quay doesn5't.
Mc~inley or Harrison to eves
his new million dollaawht"te h
he had an eye on Tom Reed
proposed to fix up the next pw
50 handsomely at public
Kansas City Time - ..
._---. MeKtaleyiha