THE GAZETTE.
S.asrfs ri on Price, : t$ Per Yevr
We send out many copies of this paper to
parties whom we have been unable to see,
but whose names have been furnished to us,
persons who would likely become subscribers,
and shall continue to send them until notified
rot to do so, regarding non-refusal to receive
it as indicating a wish to be considered sub
scribers. The subscription price is so low
--one dollas per year-that we hope every
one will becatr subscribers, and send us the
amount of subscription.
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
Serepta Smathers is taking "elocuting.,'
Don't fail to see Bettina and Pippo they
alone will pay y" for your trouble of coming.
Most any article kept in a grocery store
uan be found at Alex. Delahoussaye's.
The Police Jury meets next Monday in re
gular session.
(j Judge C. II. Mouton, of St. Martin
ville, was in town Saturday.
When you want any fire insurance written
see Ordway & Richard.
Miss Phoebe Jemima Snodgrass will sing
ye a sweet old song, that will carry ye back
to childhood days.
luore and put on ye high heel shoes if
ye are coming to "Ye Old Folkes Concerte,"
so ye must stand up and see all the fun.
Our friend Mr. T. M. IBiossat had a touch
of rheumatism Tuesday, but is now, we are
glad to report, himself again.
Ordway & Richard represent over $25,
ooo,ooo in the fire insurance line. See
hem.
T'lhe Beausejour Park is fairly well patron
ized, although the season has just com
menced.
We must keep on agitating the question of
a central refinery. It's coming, but we
must help to pull it in.
It becomes more and more apparent every
day that s street sprinkler is a matter of ab
solute necessity.
Hustle-get ye "marked off" benches
they are now for sale, ye will want a good
seat to watch Miss Mary Jones.
Major Sosthene Mouton has some fine
pear trees in his orchards, and they are
heavily laden with fruit.
Miss Cora I.ocb left WVeldnesday for New
Iberia and Lafayette, where she will pass a
few. days.-Morgan City Prohibitionist.
alies and children haircutting at donmi
ciel L. P. Bagarry.
A pleasant outing is in store for those
atlutding the excur.ion, WVashington to Ab
beille on July ad. 'nce fare from L.afa
yette and return is only Si 5o.
The advent of the railroad in the neigh
bh:tood of Carenero will increase th.: value
ot lasnds to fully o inmore an acre :h.en at
plresr nt held.
Judge Bowen anid his ass.'ciatets who will
.have lcharge of tle cxcursionll train on July
2. have left n" stone unturned to Hford
those attending the exctrsion, all possible
convenieilceLs.
Go to iagarry for a gin i lhave and hair
cut.
Our friends in Rloyville shlould keep in
nlul,.l the fact that if they want the Southern
Pacific Railroad Co., to give theml a lranch
road they ,mist give s.ome inducement.
The management of the entcrtei,'1,,ent of
last Saturday desire to return thanks to the
la 'ies who have so kin.lly assisted in mtnk
ih.g the bazar a success. Also, to C. II.
itradley for the use of hisi piano.
We were pleased to meet Mr. 1William
Walker and lady Monday in Lafayette.
WVillie is an old friend ot ours wh,,m we ha1
not seen for a uumber of years. We were
esecially pleased to see him iookinc si well.
A little stranger came qu:ietly tapping at
the door of the residence of our friend Albert
ltelahoussaye last Monday. lie is a bounc
ing young fellow, and both mother an.l
youngster are doing well.
There were some races Sunday on Cleo
phas Broussard's race track, and the B3reaux
Bridge crowd who backed their home horse
got knocked out as effectively as The
Gazette was by a majority of the town coun
cil.
Falk's Opera lHouse was filled to the
doors with people that came from town,
cou,'.ry and neighboring towns to witness
the e'ttertainment given by hom:le people as
sisted by the Breaux Bridge amnateurs, siho
had kindly volunteered their servces for the
occasion. The whole was carried through
without a flaw. The management will tu'n
over to the High School Fund a sum ex
ceeding $z5o.
Some weeks since The Gazette noted the
departure of Dr. G. C. Salles, a recent gra
duate from the Tulane Medical School, for
Hlouston, Texas and that it was hIis purpose
to locate there. The impression was
formed by some that we had reference
to Dr. II. C. Salles, the dentist. Not only
has Dr. H. C. Salles, the popular dentist,
no intention of leaving Lafayette, but has
put in some lately patented appliances, to
serve his many clients to better advantage.
The doctor has his home here, a lucrative
practice, and here he proposes to stay, ready
toserve to the best of his ability those who
may need his services.
Orange Blossoms.
A large inumber of friends attended the
synagogue and filled the building to over
flowing last Sunday evening, to witness the
nmirriage ceremony uniting for life Mlr.
Dave Massiker, a pronminent merchant of
O-ange, Texas, and Miss Hannah Levy, the
accomplished daughter of Mr. and Mrs. L.
Levy. Rabbi Schriber, of Alexandria, of
ficiated.
The bride was dressed in a lovely cos
t :me of white crystal and cord silk trimmed
in real lace trimnuings and lilies of the val
ley.
Mliss Lena Levy, the maid of honor, wore
a handsome dress, en train, of pink ben
galine trimmed in lace and ribbons.
The bridesmaids were Miss Rose Bendel
in t :nned silk and lace; Miss Cora Loeb,
in d'a'adile crepon, ostrich tips and ribbons,
and Miss Susie Wolff, in bengaline nile green
lace and ribbons. The bride, maid of hon
or, and bridesm~iids presented a magnificent
coup d'oeil ill the march at the reception in
Falk's hall.
Thie preparations for this felicitous eveu
were on the most elaborate scale, and the
synagogue and the residence were "bowers
of beauty, decked with regal Southern
blosntoms."
A royal wedding feast, after the ceremony,
was partaken of at the residence of the
bride's parents. A host of sincere friengls
were in attendance.
After the feast a reception was held in
Falk's Opera House, and a joyous assem
bly of friends were there and showered
congratulations upon the young couple. A
pleasing feature worth the most favorable
mention was the two songs rendered by Miss
Emma Falk, a winsome young lady, who
possesses much histrionic ability. To the
sweet strains of the Lafayette String Band,
under the leadership of Prof. Walter J.
Mouton, dancing was indulged in to quite a
late hour. -
The list of wedding presents included:
Silver fruit stand, L. Lorch and lady, Louis
ville, Ky.; silver cream carter, V Lorch and
lady, Louisville; silver card receiver, M
Lorch and lady, Louisville; one dozen sil
ver tea spoons, Jake Massiker and Miss
Jennie Lorch, Louisville; one dozen silver
cream spoons, M Goldstein and lady, Louis
ville; one silver card receiver, Albert Meyer
and lady, Berwick; half dozen silver berry
spoons, L Wienburg and lady, Alexandria,
La.; half dozen silver tea spoons, Henry
Bendel, Morgan City, La.; half dozen silver
knives, Alb Cuoquenhien, Morgan City; two
silver napkin rings, Ralph Loeb, Morgan
City; one table scarf, Miss Cora Loeb, Mor
gan City; half dozen silver tea spoons, Jack
Plonsky and lady, Washington. La.; half
dozen silver tea spoons, M Klaus, Wash
ington; one silver fish spoon, C Wolff and
lady, Washington; one pair silver casters,
S 1 Kahn, Lake Charles; one silver butt-r
dish, Aliss Rosa Reims, Lake Charles; two
silver napkin rings, G Schmulen and lady,
Lake Charles; one fine dining set and two
Rattan rockers, A Levy and lady, Lake
Charles; one fine Rattan rocker, I Bendel,
Lake Charles; one silver milk stand, Sam
Bendel, Orange, Texas; one fine sugar dish
and a dozen silver tea spoons, 1) Levy an:l
lady, Grand Coteau; ote.clock, N Levy r;n
lady, Grand Coteau; one pair 4scuit dolls,
L Mann, Grand Coteau; one silver tooth
pick stand, Miss Clara Vallier, Lafayette;
half dozen silver table spoons, 13 Falk, La
fayette; one beautiful sofa cushion, Mother
St. Patrick, Lafayette; one fine felt lambre
quin, Miss Elia Vigneaux, Lafayette; one
slipper case, Aliss louise J3endel, Lafayette;
one parlor suite, Sam Levy, Lafayette; half
dozen silver forks and handkerchief case,
A/rs. Rose Oneilhe; one silver cake knife,
Victor Levy, Lafayette; one piano cover, one
scale bouquet, one seed wreath, one table
scarf, one chenille bird, Aliss Lena Levy;
one bed room suite, piano an l householl
outfit, Afr. and Ars. 1. Levy.
T'h'h Gazette, in acknowledging the kind
remnemberance of delicious cake;, ten
ders its best wish!cs to the young couple, and
hopes that life's richest blessings will be
the reward of their union.
Petition of Contest.
The following is the petition of contest,
slightly abbreviated, with order of the dis
trict judge attached, in the election case :
To the lonrab,tle fu/ge of ftk 17th1 fus/i
eial Court holdingt serssion in atd for
t.the Prish of L:afayette, La.
The petition of Alfred B,nnet, James
Ilannen, Alfred HIebert, F. C. Triay and
SIenry Church, all of the Parish of .afayette
and the town of Lafayette in said State, with
respect sh.,ws that on tihe first (lay of May
iki3, an election was :icl:l in said town for
Mayor aunl seven councilmen, as provided by
the charter of said town and amlendmentts
thereto, to serve for a term of two years.
And petitioners further show that they to
gtlher with Felix I)emanade and Frederick
.Mouton, as candidates for councilmen and
Julian Mouton as candidate for Mayor, cons
tituted a ticket an.1 class of voters, and as
sulch were voted for at said election; that
they received at said election, fronm qualified
elector; of said town, the followhig vote
namely.
Julian Mouton, for Mayor, 136 votes.
:Felix I)cnanade, for counuilhnen, 140
Frederick Mouton, " " 140
Alfred I', nnet, "" " 138
James liannen, " " 138
F. C. Triay, " " 37
Ilcnry Church, "" " 136 "
And petiti ,ners further represent the follow
ing persons contstituted another class of can
di.latcs or ticket and were voted for at said
election, to-wit:
William Campbell for mayor and the ful
lowing seven named persons for councilmen;
I. N. Satterffeld, A. Caillouet, J. O. Mou
ton, A. Cayard, A. M. Martin, A. Clause,
and WmV. Guchereau, and that according to
the return made by the commissionejs who
held said election they received the follow
ing votes, to wit:
Wmn. Campbell, for Mayor, 143 votes.
I. N. Satterfield, for councilmen, 145 "
A. Caillouet, " " 141 "
J. O. .Mouton, " " 14 "
A. Cayard, " " 139 "
A. M. Martin, " " 138 "
A. Clause, - " " 137 "
Wit. Gucihereau, " " 137 "
And petitioners further represent t'at said
election was held unduer the charter of said
town antd aumendlnlcnt thereto and indecr the
general laws of the State applying to elec
tuonls, that it is specially provided by law
that in all said elections by the people for
oflices under political charters granted by the
General Assembly, the qualifications of
voters shall be the same as those prescribed
at the time being, by the constitution of the
State for electors of representatives of the
General Assembly.
And petitioners further show that the
returns mnade by the commissioners of said
election are incorrect, erroneous and illegal
in this, that various persons voted thereat
who were disqualified and incompetent un
der the laws applying to said election and
should not have been allowed to vote thereat;
and that the following namned, incompetent
and disqualified persons voted at said
election: Gaston Landry, F. J. Smith,
Frank Clark, Odressi Hebert, Gabriel Bea
dle, Henry Clark, J. A. Lebesque, E. J. or
A. J. Ross, C. L. Scherbs, J. Danas or
Danos, and C. VW. Thornton, that according
to the list of voters kept and returned by the
commissioners of election said persons voted,
under the following numbers, to-wit: Gas
ton Landry under number 69; F. J. Smith,
247; Frank Clark, 16o; Ordressi Hebert,
igo; Gabriel Beadle, 198; Henry Clark, aol;
J. A. Lebesque, 233; E. J. or A. J. Ross,
259; C. L. Scherks, 26o; J. A. Danas or
Danos, 26,; and C. W. Thornton under
no-.
Pretitioners represent that the said persons
were disqualitied anld ilicoilipetetlt to vote
by reason of tihe fact that at the time of the
election they were not residents within cor
porate limits of said town of Lafayette, nor
were they registered as required by law, and
that all of said persons were non-residents
of said town, and not qualified to vote at
said election; that each of said persons,
though their right to vote was challenged
and denied at the polls, was permitted to
vote and did vote at said election; that they
each and every one voted for the class of
candidates and every one voted for the class
of candidates and ticket ,f Wm. Campbell,
and Satterfield, Caillouet, J. 0. Mouton, A.
Cayard, A. M. Martin, Clause and Guche
reau; that on account of the illegal voting
of said persons plaintiffs desire to contest,
and do now contest the election of council
men of the town of Lafayette, for the term
ending May, 1895, of the following named
persons who have been erroneously rdturned
elected, viz: I. N. Satterfield, A. T. Cail
louet, J. 0. Mouton and A. Cayard; and
they further contest and deny the claim of
of A. M. Martin to a tie vote with Alfred
Bonnet and James Hannen, plaintiffs herein;
that said vote and poll being purged by the
rejection of the said eleven illegal votes,
there remains a clear majority of the legal
votes cast at said election in favor of each of
your petitioners and they were fairly and
legally elected councilmen for said town for
the.tern ending May, 1895, and judgement
should be rendered accordingly.
'1 hey aver that there was fraud and error
in said election, in that, said incompetent
and disqualified voters talsely represented to
the commissioners of said election that they
were residents of the town of Lafayette and
legally qualified voters at sail election and
said commissioners were led into error by
said false representations, and were thereby
induced to pernmit said persons to vote in
spitc of the challenge, and denial of their
right, made at the time.
Petitioners further show that said offices
are worth to them the sunt. of seventy-two
dollars.
They further show that defendants have
c'aused to be held an election on the 22d
day of May, s895, to decide the tie which
erroneously appears on the face of the
returns between James IIannen, Alfred Bon
net and A. M. Martin and that said A. M.
Martin having received nine or more of the
said illegal and incompete-nt votes, there was
in truth atnd fact no tie between said persons,
but said Bonnet and said Hannen were fair
ly and legally elected councilman at the
election held on the first of May 1894, -and
the election held on the 22d of May 1893,
was and is for said reason null, void, and of
no effect.
Petitioners further show that no regular
term of your Hlonorable Court is to be held
in the parish of Lafayette within five weeks
of the time of the filing of the petition, and
it becomes necessary that a special term
of court be called and held in the manner
provided by law, in the parish of Lafayette,
and plaintiffs desire a jury trial of this case
and it will be necessary that your honor
should order the jury comnissiopars to draw
a special panel of fifty voters of the parish
of l.atayette, from which a jury may be
drawn to try this case, as provided by law to
serve as jurors fur said special tersm.
\Vheref.,re premises considcred petitioners
further pray that l.aihl N. Satterlield, Au
gustus Caillouet, Jonlt 0. Mouton, Albert
Cayard annd Andlrew M. Martin be duly cited
to answer this petition; that after due proof
of the premnis-s the votes of said tGaston
Landry, F. J. Smith, Frank Clark, Odrensi
Ilchert, Gabrielle Beadlc, Henry Clark, J.
A. Lebesquc, ". J. or A. J. Ross, C. L.
Scherbs, J. A. )Janas or Danos and C. V.
Thornton, be rejected and deducted front
the numnber of votes shown by the returns,
to have been received by Sattertfiel, Cal
louct, Mouton, Cayard and .Martin, and that
they be adjudged and decreed not to have
been elected councilmen, and that your pe
titioners be adjudged and decreed duly
elected as councilmen of said town to serve
for the term ending May, 1895, or un:til
their successors are qualified; that a jury be
granted, them anl. that they be inducted into
said office with the right to exercise all the
rights and authority thereto appertaining.
They pray for pencral relief in the
pre:tises.
By their attorneys,
TIos. 11. LEWIs,
CHAS. 1). CAvI:ERY.
STAT1 ) Lo IOISIANA,
l'arish of Lafayette.
Before me sworn the undersigned authori
ties came and apppeared Frank C. Triay
and IHecnry Church, who being duly sworn
depose and say, the allegations of the fore
going petition are correct and true to the
best of their knowledge and belief.
FRANK C. TRIAY,
h1i-RN J. C-tRttct.
OR)DER.
The prayer of the above and foregoing
petition being considered, it is hereby or
dered that a trial by jury asked for in the
above entitled and numbered cause by plain
tiffs be granted.
It is further ordered, that the jury com
missioners of the parish of Lafayette meet
according to law, and draw a special jury
according to law of fifty voters of said par
ish for the second Monday, the x4th of Au
gust A. D1). 1893, for which a jury may be
drawn to try the case. It is imnpossible to
call a special term as prayed, in accordance
with Section 1425 of the Revised Statues
because said term would conflict and inter
fere with regular terms of t.is court already
fixed in the parishes of Si. Mary and Ver
milion.
Granted in chambers this 2xth day of
May, A. 1). 1893.
(Signed) A. C. ALLEN,
Judge 17th Judicial District Court:
Filed May a9th A. ). 1893r
H. C. WALLS, I)y. Dlerk.
Carencro News.
Fromn Our Regular Correspondent.
Now that the proposed road between Ca
rencro and the Teche, is a certainty, the
construction of which will commence with
in the next few days; there is an effort being
made by the progres-ive people of Carencro
and those living between it and Church
Point to have the road continued out to that
village. The extension, if built, would un
doubtedly run through the very richest, the
most fertile section of the State. Church
Point itself is fully nine miles from the
nearest shipping point, and for this reasou
the farmcz s itn tha:,t vi.iinity have bccr cont
peled to confine themselves to the cultivation
of rice and cotton alone, the two crops easily
handled, and delivered, when ra4sed at long
distances from points of shipment. Should
the road be built to that place, there is every
assurance that the entire acreage along the
route, would be devoted to the cultivation
of sugar cane, a surer and more profitable
crop. The villafie proper is situated 14
miles from Rayne, i5 miles from Opelousas,
and 9 miles from Sunset, and it is from these
three places, that the farmers have forwarded
their produce and received goods. From
Carencro the distance is eleven miles. For
the season of 1892 that section shipped over
wooo bales of cotton, with a short crop;
73,220 sack rice, 14,1970 dozen eggs, 1850
dozen chickens, and a large quantity of other
produce. One firm alone shipped ISoo
hides. The different stores in the vicinity
received goods valued at more than $77,
853. The following is a list of the differ
ent merchants in and around Church Point
and Loulee Croche: M. Levy & Co., II. D.
McBride, R. David, T. Guidry, John Horis
pey, P. L. Guidry, C. Bries, Mrs. Moise
Landry, W. K. IHornsky, Francois Savoy,
Wm. Dejean, Palemon Guidry and Win.
Young, all progressive merchants, willing to
do everything in their power to aid the pro
posed enterprise.
Our railroad agent has in his office a stalk
of cane cut on Col. C. C. Brown's "Evan
geline farm" that measures four feet from
the cut to the tip of the leaf, and has two
well formed red joints 3 inches in length.
It was cut at random from forty acres of the
same sort. *ý*
Come to Carencro onathe 3rd and 4th of
June and witness the finest parade ever got
ten up in the parish of Lafayette.
**
Rev. Father I.aforest has just received a
very fine altar front New Orleans, and it
will be placed in position in the Catholic
church here. There. seems to be no limit
to the energy of this good priest.
Prof. S. A. Knapp was in Carencro a few
days ago, consulting with Mr. Romlain
Francez, civil engineer, and lion. O. P.
Guilbeau, notary, in connection with the in
terests of his new road.
**
Mr. Henry Crouchet is giving his old store
building a general overhauling, ceiling it
entirely and putting down new flooring;
w.th the intention of converting it into a pub
lie hall or ball room.
Our crops continue in splendid shape
The corn, cotton, and sugar cane is pro
gressir.g finely. The recent spell of fine
weather has afforded our farmers ample op
portunity to get the gross out, and get their
crops in proper condition.
%*
Carencro May not be ",booming" but she
is blooming all the same. Our people are
improving their property every day.
**x
Mr. Pierre Bernard is having a store
building erected on the lot opposite where
the depot of the Teche Railroad is to be
erectedl. e will keep a general assortment
of goods.
By the time these items are published,
there will be a large force of men at work
constructing the Teche Railroad fruom Caren
cro to Huron Retinery on the Teche, a road
that five months ago was merely a dream.
See what a proper spirit, and combined ef
fort can accomplish. Now, on to Church
Point ! l
Hon. Julian Mouton the public spirited
president of the parish School Board, has
contributed fourteen dollars to aid the im
provements being made in the Carcncro
public school. The money comlies at a
time that it is much needed, and President
Mouton may feel assured of the gratitude of
the local trustees and patrons of the school.
In event of Hon. Overton Cade being
appointed Superintendent of the Mlint, an
election for his successor as representative
will follow. As the Carencro section has
always been ignored, when the selection of
candidates has been made, is it not about
time for this "section" to come to the front,
and look out for its own interests. We have
men just as competent and able as any that
can be named from elsewhere. Your cor
respondent knows of one wiho has proven
himself a successful commercial man, who
at present has large and varied interests;
one of our leading planters; a man of expe
rience and progress; whose honesty and
uprightness can not be questioned. Ie pos
sesses all the requisites that would go to
wards making a most worthy representative.
lie is well and favorably known throughout
the parish. That maan is............ well,
let us wait and see if Mr. Cade's ambition is
to e gratified? Torint VE:RIS.
Royvillo Itessus.
From Our Regulnr Correst ondent.
iYour correspotndent received an appre
ciatedl call last week from Mlr. Freenlan, of
Iberia parish. This wide-awake gentleman
owns but 75 acres of land, and (with the ex
ception of 25 acres as a pasture) arises noth
ing but corn and potatoes. The gratifying
results will prove to our small farmners that
were they to follow this gentleman's exam
ple and albandon the idea that cotton is
tire only source of living, we are positive
that less misery and more cash andl indicpen
dence would be theirs. Mr. Freeman thas,
the past year, made and sold 350 gallons of
lard, which he retailed at one dollar per
gallon. lie sells weekly (dluring spring)
from 25 to 30 dozen eggs; raises all the po
tatoes and vegetables that his famtily can dis
pose off; has all the milk and butter that he
needs; rides and drives fat horses; and all
resulting by making plenty.of corn. Far
mers! why not plant more corn and less cot
ton? And then prove to the Northern
States that you can raise your own meat.
Of the Royville citizens who a'tendcd the
the bazar at Lafayette Saturday, were Mr.
and MIrs. Edvard Peller'n, Misses Lydia
Theriot, Althea Roy and Maud Young,
and Messrs. P. R. Roy, J. G. Leblanc, Dr.
R. O. Young, C. Bonnemnaison, Odillon
Blanchet, B. P. Landry and J. R. Donmcn
geaux.
Miss Ada Olivier made a brief call to her
sister, Mrs. G. VW. Scranton, Fridlay.
Mrs. P. Gerac, sc-n and daughter, and
,li.s Ilitte:. of St. Martinville, were g'tests
of Mr, and Mrs P. B. Roy, the past
week.
Superintendcht of Education 11. E. T'oll,
was a visitor to our little inland city Satur
day.
Mrs. G. W. Scranton and daughter, Ruby,
departed for Houston, Texas, Friday, where
they will remain some time as the guests of
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Thompson.
With the encouraging prospects of a large
crop this year, we would not lhe at all sur
prised if "wedding bells" tang loud a' d
clear. Bly the hye: what about the "orange
blossotps" that old Dame Rumor was pr. -
dicting some time past? We fear that un
less some one convinces the old lady that
she was correct, the probabilities are that she
will never hear the chimes of matrimony,
and will "come in" too late to taste sonic
of that delicious cake, which, we are sure
will be nice and tempting.
CIIEROKE-s.
For Sale Cheap
A young inare and mule colt at a bargain.
Apply to W. E. Bowen.
Gueble's Plantation at Pub
iic Auction !
This beautiful property will be offered for sale, in
ONE Or TWO lots, otn
Saturday, June 24, at 3 p. na.,
at the court-holuse in Lafayette, La.. unlless sold pri
vately before. This highly improved HOI.E, con
taining 450 arpents more or less with the brick resi
dence, tenant houses, etc., etc.. is located a miles from
Lafayette; the projected la. central R. IR. going over
the place. This is the very centter of the sugar
cane region. very rich land, suitable for any cro'.,
including Live Stock. No healthier locality any
where. Exemnpt front overflow. 'tertms: Three
thousand or more dollars cAst and balance on very
easy terms. mnade known at the sale.
The sale will he made by c. H. lradley. Esul.,
For any fturther partit:ulars address to:
F. GUU:LE. Lake Charles, La.
Sheriff's Sale.
ST'LATE OF LOUlrSIANA-I'ARISII OF LAFA
Yi"lT'E.
Stewart Bros &-. C'o. vs. P. F. Couvillon.
By virtue of a writs of seizure and sale is
sucd triero the l-onurable Jtdtle ot the 17th
Juditcial )istri:tCtourt, and for said Iarish. State of
Louistana. int the above entitled and untlulbered
causes. and to te directed. I lha\-e seized and will
offer for sale. at tublic dation. to the last highest
bidder. at the residenlce of defendant, herein mom
tioned, in the parish of Lafayette. State of Louisiana.
Saturday, July 8th, ,S893
betwueen the legal sale houts, the following described
property. to-witt:
ilfteen at'rcs of land in Lafayette parish being
bounded north by Dieter Couvsllon, southl by publle
road. e east yJe atll ilbeau. and west by Valery
(Guiltuau,. together aitlt ill the buildings tld inl
provemtents thereon ; also, one steania cotton and
grtst till : al-o,
A plantation situateds in said parish anld state co;:
Ltining forty-live :rpellts. toot: or loss. nlll iontloded
ts f:tlowis ; oil the north by fir. ,rottssard. sotlh ly
Cleo.phas Dugas, e..st by Hi. E. Toll, (). H. Blreaux.,
and Arnland L. Gulilbeau, alnd on the west by i)or
ville lIBrotussard. together with .all the butidlugs and
itnpros esticnts the, otn situated.
Also. a stock of goods and merchandise. books, etc.
T'erts: cash.
ISAAC A. IIROUSSARD.
Sheriff. Latiyette Parish.
Sheriff's Sale.
.STATE OF LOCUSIANA-PARISHI OF LAFA
YEfTTE.
Am,ericsn A'ltional Batnk vs. P. E. Coca
zill/,n.-A'o. 334..
ilJartine: / t .a'ss vs. P. E. Conzvillon.-
A'-o. JSdT.
I. S. IVest ar" Cu. vs. I'. E. Couvi//on.
A'o. 3,35.
Stewlart /Iroes. a Co. vs. P. E. Couerillotn.
ly virtue of writs of fieri facias an.l of seizulre and
s.t, isstticd fram thle -lonorable Judge of the t7th
J nlicial D)istri.t Court. in altd for -aid Parish. State
of Louisiana. in the above entitled and ntumbeted
cause, anti to the dire.ted. I lhat s ized and mill
offer for sale, at public auetilo. to the last anid
highest bidder. at the residence lf tetidant. herein
mentioned, in the parish of Lafayette. State of Lou
isiana, on
Satutrday, July 8th, 1893,
oetween the legal sale hours, the following discribed
ptslterty, to-wit:
I A lot of Dry Gioods. (;roceries Hardware. etc.. etc.
'ternms--Cash.
ISAAC A. BROliSSARII,.
Sheriff. Lafayette Parish.
CONST.IL'5I.// SILL:.
S'TATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LA1'A
VErITE-Ni). -
JUSTICIE'S COUR'-T---FIRST W VAR).
Jossseph Alcrgsan "vs. L'zhnkwn ,tanw, 7 L (Utlai,, ,
Prstper,.
Itv virtue of a writ of cri facinsa ijssied hb t,.
Hol.. (;. Xtsrtlstt. JIstice of the Peacse of the l"ir-t
ward of the Parish of Lafayette. State of L.ouissass:.
in the above entitled cause, and to nle drcecte. Il
have seizedl. now hold, and will offter for sale. at
publtic autction. the last and highest biidder, in sat
isfaction of said writ. it front of the office of the said
Justice of the Peace. at Scott. ont
Saturday, June 17, 1893,
between the legal sale hours, the following described
property. to-wit :
()e mule. and one colt (filly).
Terms-cash.
I). A'.(CF:NEAA UX.
lCionstable tst. \1ard.
Constable's Sale
STATE OF LOt'ISIANA-PARIStt OF LAFA
YET'rE--NO. 71.
711 JusrIcE's COUR r.
Dole Broussard vs. L'nkowttn.
B.y virtute of a writ of f1,ri facits itssued out of the=
7th. Justice's Court, Parish of Lafayette, State of
Louisiana. lion. Ales. M1eantx indge. andt to me di
rected. I will offer for sale at psthlic ascition to tile
last nnd highest bidder, at theJuistices onice in til:
7th ward of the parish aforesaid ion
Saturday, Junel 17, 1S9)3,
One unkonown 4-year olbI Iloef
the htoys of io a. m. atnd 4 p. m.
leril,and Cotdisit.ns.-cashl on the spot.
ELSTAC COMEYAOU, ConstatleC
Public Sale
I. the nndssrsigned Slhriff of the Parish of I.afa
yette. State of l.sotislana. will offer for sale, ts ttbt:
lacl antl hisbest tidder. in frsnt of tle toitrt Souse
ill the ttwn of Lafayette, parish altd state aftorotatd on
Saturday, June 24, 1893,
between the leIgal sale hours. the followilig stes-trilttd
property fountd oin thestf ptson of Willic I:tylt-r con
sicted to the State penitenisry froms this iparish, said
prtopcrty is believed to hruell estolsti, a:d shas
biern inmy posses.eion over a cyear; said puloterty
onsisitinc osf:
c. )no Ladies Waltham 6 size gold watch two lia
nlond- in :5a-c. N. ei.45tt.
n. ne spen face American fill case. t8 size watch,
No. E2y.3tt.
3. ti)n soldt ritnEt uolsr pearls otle carnet.
4. ()ne L.:sdies ils. gltsd os-ssfl. Nso. 18F.710.
5. ()te brass clhain ;:nd to copper cent pfie.es.
6. Seveti plated bsttons.
7- One razoer.
Owncr can have same hy proviE enproperty and
paying cosLs. I.snAAc A. litttsIls.
Sit silf . Ionf sye'ts 'iHi.lt
CRYSTAL LENSES
THADE MAWir.
Quality 7lrt ·aEd Always.
J. E. TRAtlAN, Druggist, has
exclusive sale of these Celcbrated
Glasaes in Lafayette, La, from the
factory of Kellam & Moore, the
only complete optical plant in the
south, Ahtlanta. (a.
T. M. BIOSSAT
keeps constantly on hand a fine line of
Watches,
Clocks,
1Diamonds,
Jewelry,
Silverware.
AS3 3
SMI'I'H & \VESSON, -
and COLT'S
PISTOLS;
FINE LINE
POCKET KNIVES;
TABLE CUTTLERY; do Ed E ! VT1 BYO
FINE LAMP'S, Etc. OR dLE U LY By
Special Attention Paid to the Repairing of Fine and
Complicated Watches
j Orhders by nmail ,r express carefully filled:
LOCK BOX 137. T. M. BIOSSAT, Lafayette, La.
The head should )be kept cool, especially
in the summer time. We have ALL STYLES,
at all prices.
Many have already bought. Many are
buying now. Don't YOU need one ? We
can suit you.
MOSS, BROS. Co.
Miss Louise Revillon
Solicit a8 -"
A FULL ASSORTMENT
OF FINE GOODS IN
THE LATEST STYLES.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON
AT WHOLESALE and RETaIL
OFFICE ANDL YA.\ RDI) NE.\R RA IILROAD DEPOT
LAIFAEIITTll, IOUISI kNA.
Cyipres -.U P ine T.umbr. hot-h and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
1Wind~s. Moulings, e.tc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McC(rjmit k itarvestcr, )inrlcrs and NMower. Eagle plows, Walking
a:I Ritlting Cultivators, (otton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
StaIk Cut .rs, Lte.
Wagons, Cisterns.
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
NEW AND SEASONABLE
MILLINERY GOODS,
SUCHT-I AS
Hats, Feathers, Silks, Embroideries, Etc.
aso, LadinsA' and Ohildren's Shoes.