'fir
W a t smJa eopees at this paper to
Spnirl*':H we have been. nable to see,
butwpri iiW Ms have beens fralshed to us,
persoas Whorwould likely becomesubscribers,
mandallOe@tinae to sead them until notified
eot to do so, regardingnon-refusal to receive
it as indicadag a wish to be considered sub
'MdIbers._ - a subscription price is so low
-..e dailat per year-that we hope every
oeGwill bteome stbscribers, and send us the
amount of subecription.
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
Mr. Florian Corany is spending some days
In Lafayette.
Dr. J. D. Trahan tboka trip to the Cres
pent City this week.
The Revs. Fathers Forge and Healy spent i
Tuesday in Carencro.
Mr. P. B. Roy, president of the People's
Bank of Lafayette, came in from Royville.
Carenecro lodge, Farmer's Alliance, meets
on the a2th instant.
Hon. George Pulford of Opeloeuas was
Shere last week.
A new shed as being erected in front of
L. Lacoste's hardware establishment.
Mr. C. P. Moss, the saloon prince of New (
Iberia, was in town this week.
Mrs. Wm. Roussel, of Patterson, La., was
the guest of Mrs. A. Cornay, this week.
Mrs. B. Falk who has been on a visit to her a
children in Lake Charles, returned Monday. t
Mrs. John Baynot, returned home Tuesday
after a short visit to friends in Grand Loteau.
Miss M. $agnell left Wednesday for New
Iberia on a visit to friends.
Mr. W. C. Triay, of Washington, La., y
made a flying visit to Lafayette Sunday.
For fresh, home made candies, go to S.
if Georgiades, Main street, next door to The
Gazette office. I
Miss Lea Cladu, one of our popular young
ladies, is visiting her aunt, Mrs. L. Domen- ;
geaux, in Houston, Tex.
Mr. M. L. Swords the accomplished and a
faithful assessor of the parish of St. Landry, co
was in town this week.
L
Mr. Jos. Plonsky took a trip to lake a
Charles the early part of the week on pleasure C
and business bent.
It is a pleasing sight these lovely after
noons to see the many ladies out buggy Ir
riding.
Sheriff Isaac Broussard went to New Or- m
leans this week and will return some time in
the future.
- Aoach load of Johnnie Chinamen pased a
through this week from California to Ha- C
vana.n.
The popular conductor of the Alexandria
branch, Mr. C. H. Lusted, is off on a leave y
of absence. l
I1
Constable Geo. Malagarie of Broussard,
was in Lafayette Monday and favored us P
with a call.
Maurice Rieu, son of Mrs. Timond Guidry,
aged 14 years, died Sunday and was buried tc
from the Catholic church Monday. b
Mr. V. E. Dupuls, the president of the is
Farmer:s Alliance of Lafayette was in town w
Tuesday and called at The Gazette office. ei
Mr. S. Duplex, one of the popular mer- W
chants of the growing town of Royville, was
in town this week. to
That enterprising planter, Mr. Octave n
Theriot, from near Youngville, was in La
fayette one day this week. It
Mr. Leon Plonsky one of the principal
tnerchants of town, went to New Orleans v
Monday. fe
Miss Cecile Voorhies the charming young re
daughter of Judge Felix Voorhies of St. to
Martinville was in Lafayette visiting friends. nf
Judge C. Defaillon was in Abbeville this la
week attending a regular term of court being
held in that place. da
th
Mr. B. V. Plauchet, of Avoyells parish, is hi
visiting the family of our townsman, Mr. J.
C. Couvillon.
nc
Mr. B. Avant of Duson was in town this hi
week looking a fine ready-made clothing. pl
Hope we will get some of the cake.
Dr G. A. Martin will soon remove to the th
Veazey building next to Lisbony's ioarding Al
house.
The Gazette works impartially for the un
divided Interests of every section of Lafayette an
parish. he
Miss Cleona Thibodeaux, of Bayou Boeuf,
La., was here this week, on a visit to the fa
Misses Bagnal. ta
Miss A. L. Gorman, of New York, who be
has been on a visit to her parents Mr. and br
Mrs. Valer, left for home Saturday. Hi
Mrs. Gus. Schmulen left for Lake Charles
Friday to join her husband in Lake Charles, Ir
where they are now permanently located. ye
The children of Mt. Carmel Convent, in
feast9d their beloved superior, Mother ag
Patrick, on Thursday, and enjoyed a holiday pr
Friday in honor of St. Patrick' a Day.
Mr. HI. S. Willitt, representing Bugge!r
& Beauregard of New York, with head- O
quarters at Houston, has been stopping at the tr
Cresent de
Mr. Geo. Doncet, the accommodatinglk
clerk at Trahan's drugstore, took a pleasure
trip to New Iberia Saturday and returned i1
Sunday. n
The painters are at work on the building wi
that will be occupied, as soon as finished, ou
by Alex. Delahoussaye, who proposes to mi
open a farst-clan grocery store. we
Those hustling drammers Messrs. unuma
Domeqgeau, V.. J. Jaeger, and H. D, Engel- FI
man, called at The Gasottem and bade us good a
luck in mour journalistic voyage. an
Delicious cocanut and peanut candy and Co
Bom Chewinlg Candy at Georgiades candy Sa
store on Main street next door The Gazette, Su
oftiCe. A
Mrs.. M. Dennis and Mr. E. Borilly from sar
Galveston. Texas, came to Lafayette to at- ane
tend the funeral of.Mrs. E. Pellrin, lst pai
BSnday aid left Monday for their homes. mu
James Simon, Eslq., a leading young liwi
yer ofSt. Martinville, was in Lafayette at
tending to some legal mattersi
Mr. E.. .Bourg, the well-known cistern
maker, made a business trip to New Iberia
to last Saturday.
The Gazette thinks it would be a good
idea for our business people to join hands
d and get a street sprinkler.
The Gazette has just received a fine stock
of stationery, and solicits orders for all
w kinds of printing.
y Have you thought over the matter that a
e good and well organized fire department
would tend to reduce the present rates of in
Surance ?
Miss Alida Guidry, after a pleasant stay
in our midst, as the guest of the Misses
Revillon, has returned to her home in
Opelousas, La.
Mrs. C. C. Brown and nelce, Miss Made
line Melchior, accompanied by Mr. George
Melchior, all of Carencro, were in town on
it Sunday.
Our young friend, Sidney Mouton is now
s waiting on customers at Mouton Bros. store.
Buyers will always find Sid to be a polite
and accommodating clerk to deal with.
While putting in six days of labor for
your personal interests, don't forget to put
u In a lick now and then for the advancement
of your town.
f We were pleasant to meet at the Cresent
Hotel Mr. A. Chiapella the representative
of the well known house of B. Fellman New
r Orleans, and we call the attention of our
readers to his card which will appear in out
next issue.
5 Jas. Choate, charged with stabbing Maturin
Clatio, last summor, and who was out on bail,
has been re-arrested and incarcerated, in jail
r at the request of his bondsmen, who feared
that he was about to skip "out of sight."
We shall talk Lafayette parish in and out
of season, and if you are Interested in its
prosperity and advancement, send copies of
the paper to your friends abroad. It will en
large our field of usefulness and will not cost
you much.
The "Black Diamonds" are still actively
rehearsing, and from what we can learn on
the quiet, will give the people a very enter
taining performance, when they give their
first entertainment, early after lent.
From Wednesday's Advertiser we learn that
at'the request of a committee, Mr. Leslie has
amended his first proposition by increasing
the bonus for a sugar refinery to $25,ooo,
and "for the present dropping the idea of a
cotton factory."
Mr. Charles Baudier informs the people of
Lafayette that he will deliver insurance, coal
oil, etc., in five-gallon cans at residence.
Orders left at Buhlers shoe store will be
promptly attended to.
Miss Maud Young one of Royville's charm
Ing young ladies, after spending a short time
with Mrs. A. Cornay left for home to-day,
much to the regret of her many friends.
Mr. Geo. O. Elmes, one of the prominent
business men, and C. W. DuRoy, a leading
member of the legal profession, both of
Opelousas were in town Sunday shaking hands
with their many friends.
Through the courtesy of our popular
young freind, Vic Levy a Gazette man en
joyed a very pleasant buggy ride about town
last Sunday evening. The Gazette man was
pleased to note the many evidences of pros
perity, in the way of new buildings going
up in the different parts of town.
From assurances received we are pleased
to npte that The Gazette is well received
by the reading public of the town and par
ish of Lafayette. In this connection we
wish to state that it will be our constant and
earnest endeavor to always merit the good
will of the public.
Mr. G. L. Singleton, of Carencro, was in I
town this week and informed us that he has
made 47 hodsheads of sugar and 12 1
bailes of cotton with the assistance of two
17 years-old boys, besides a largest crop of I
corn and potatoes. -
The first number of the semi-weekly Ad
vertiser made its appearance Wednesday in I
folio form, six columns to the page, having
reduce its size from eight pages as a weekly j
to four pages, its present form. It is very
neatly printed, and The Gazette wishes it a t
large measure of success. c
We heard a gentleman remark the other
day that the perpetrator of an infraction of t
the Taw in Lafayette might just as well give f
himself up to be tried, as escape for any f
length of time was out of the question, for C
no matter where he will go Ike would nab s
him sure, sooner or later. Quite a neat com
plement to the vigilance of the sheriff.
The Gazette was pained to hear that Alfred,
the young son of our worthy assistant assesor, a
Alfred Voorhies, is confined to his bed with
an attack of pneumonia. At this writing we a
are glad to report that he is much better, n
and hope he will soon recover his wonted
health t
Mr. Willie Lewis, president of the La
fayette Drayman's Association and Transpor- C
tation Company, has placed on his horses
beautiful leather shields of black with large
brass letters, "Layette Taansportation Co.'"
Hurrah for Willie.
Dr. F. B. Hopkins who was one of the
leading practitioners of yore in Lafa- l
yette, has returned from a short resldence
in Texas, and will pitch his tent with us
again, andewill resume the practice of his
profession.
Mr. F. Otto, the butcher, has just returned Ia
from Texas with a lot of fine cattle. The ,
Gazette saw one of the lot dressed and can i
truly *a that it looked very *aat and ten- i
der." Mr. Otto says that this one is bIt p
like the average of the tot.
What Lafayette needs most and will have I
is a central sugar refinery. The only ques
tion is, will the people of the town and vici*
nity build it and reap the great profits that
will follow its operatlon, or will they wait for d
outside capital to come and scoop the im- V
mense amount of.. money that might just as w
well be theirs ? tl
A merry party, comepsed of the Misses
Flora and Rose Plonshy, Clara Martin, Rose pl
and Louise Bendel, Emma Falk, Lena Laura aI
and Gussip Plonsky and the Messrs. Leon b'
Plonsky, Theall, Joe. Ducote, Paul
Coasan, Mr. Falk, Isaac Plonsky, A Meyer, m
Sam Bendel and Mr. Levenson, took a ride ci
Sunday to our neigbording town Broussard. S
A reception was tendered the party in Brous- i
sard, which was of a very agreable nature, ki
and enjoyed until a late hour. The pleasure he
part departed for home in buoyant spirits
much pleased with their outing. be
v- Last Monday while a countryman was try
t- iny to effect i sale of some dozen eggs with
our merchant friends scross the way, and ex
rn plaining the freshness of his goods, the old
ia horse hitched to the vihicle took a motion to
go home, and he did, at a very lively rate,
and the consequence of his freak was the
Spainting of the street, for some distanct, a
very pretty yellow.
k We felt quite put out Saturday by not be
11 ing able to comply with the ninny requests
made for extra copies of "The Gazette. Al
though we printed a large edition, one that
a we believed would cover every demand, the
it supply was exhausted early in the morning.
- Fully a hundred more copies would not
more than meet the demand.
Y We tried last Saturday to place a copy of
The Gazette in every home in the town and
parish. Possibly we may have failed in our
wish in some instances, if so, we very much
e regret it, as we desire that every one should
n see a copy of the paper, and we trust it will
be found good enough to induce every one to
susbcribe. The subscription price is only
$5 a year.
e Mr. B. A. Salles, returned hornm last Sat
urday, from a trip West, and at:,:r rem .ining
r a few days with his family, left for other
Lt points. Mr.'Salles represents trark & Jou
st bert, wholesale grocers and con:-i;..:i m-r
chants of New Orleans, and, he i ;, also the
t State agent of the Wichita Mill Company,
of Wichita Kan., This is one of the largest
flour manufactories of the country anI the
r amount of flour sold by Mr. Sa!i.:* proves
t the superior quality of their goods.
A Itttle coon "anarchistally" inuinrtd, on
Wednesday last was carrying a small bundle,
and on being asked what he had in Ihe pack
age, replied "dynamite!" To provey his as
sertion he lit a match and applied it to the
package, it did not burn fast eno.i',h to suit
t him, so he drew a long breath, un.:! his lungs
were full, and blew with .all his mtnt-:t on the
fire, he hastened it. In tile pa':kage was
gun powder, it e:plmdcdi, and t;: re came
near being one little coon less in tile world.
t The only injury he sustained was a pretty
badly burned face.
The Gazette calls special attention to its
correspondence front Carencro and Broussard
ville this week. Both letters are filled with
r newsy items and are well worth perusing.
With Oberon and others as its sp·ecial writers.
t The Gazette has a corps of correspondents
of whom it is justly proud, and we feel con
fident that our readers will agree with us in
the statement that their contribution s are
features that enhances the value of the paper.
.A Mysterious Killing.
Last Saturday night Alcide Thibodeaux,
a married man 44 years old, accompanied by
Simon Navarre, a young man t8 years old,
stopped at the house of Gesnaire Breaux
living 3 miles north-east of Rayne, and left
there with Breaux's two daughters, stating
they were going to Crowley.
After passing through Rayne, and near
there, they were joined by a crowd of 5IS
men, and coming over into Lafayette parish,
E stopped at the home of a farmer named
Oscar Benoit.
From what could be learned, some of the
crowd appears to have enjoyed more favor
in the eyes of the women than the others,
whereupon the green-eyed monster took
possession of Erwin Meaux and some others.
And they hatched a plot to kill one of the
number; Erwin had borrowed August
Morgan's (his friend) 45 calibre pistol, and
later they were seen in the yard and heard
to make threats.
Morgan was standing near the door.
Erwin was a few feet from him,
when a shot was heard, and Aug. Mor
gan fell dead with a bullet hole above the
right eye.
The Sheriff heard of the killing at about
1 8 o'clock next morning and immediately left
I for the scene, and when he reached the place
he was informed that the killing was acci
dental. But on noticing that the pistol was
in the scabbard, and that the scabbard was
laying unbuckled on the dead man's breast,
at once surmised that the tale of accident
look decidedly dubious, and proceeded to
arrest Erwin Meaux; the arrest being made
just across the line in Acadia parish.
At the coroner's inquest but little in regard
to the true inwardness of the affair was eli
cited, the testimony given having but little
of the elements of probability, it was evident
that it was given apparently either through I
fear or with a view to screen the one who
fired the fatal shot, hence the inquest was '
closed with very little light thrown upon the
subject.
Sheriff Broussard returned Monday to the
scene, gathered additional evidence, which I
it is thought best not to divulge presently,
which led to the arrest of Alcide Thibodeaux
and Simon Navarre charged as accessories t
before the fact. The belief is that others
are implicated in the affair, and other arrests
may follow.
The three parties arrested are now quar
tered in the parish jail.
Altogether it is a mysterious and compli
cated affair.
Some Pleasant Visits. 1
Monday four charming young ladies, the
Misses Ida Mathieu, Henriette Doucet, Re
gina Romero and Mercedes Brottssard, and
Tuesday four bewitching and lovely young
ladles, the Misses Zerilda Bailey Isaure
Guidry, Alix Judice and Nellie Bailey,
favored The Gasette with most pleas
sat visits to look into the "tart preservative i
Sf all arts." We have not got the office into
ship shape, but will soon, when we trust we
will be able to make the calls of the young i
ladies more lnteresting and entertaining by 5
initiating them in the "mystery" of how to
print. We arealways most happy to have
the ladies call, and hope this will not be h
their last visit.
Neorology. v
The Gazette deeply regrets the painful t
duty of chronicling the death of Mrs. Louisa P
V. Denois, wife of Mr. Edmond Pellerin,11
who departed this life on the Ith instant, at
the age of 50 years, $ months and 6 days.
The interment of the mortal remains took
place next day from the Catholic Church, 1
and were followed to their last resting place n
by a large concourse of friends.
Kind hearted, generous to a fault, this esti. Ih
mable lady had endeated herself to a large i
circle of friends, who feel sadly her demise
She was loved best by those who knew her
best, and many are the recipients of herh
kindness and generasity who will sadly miss
her. - -
The Gazette begs to tender do the deeply 1
-ereaved family its most sincere sympathy. ti
Rememlbrance.
h On the 7th of March, St. Patrick's day,
was the Rev. Father P. J. Healey's fete, and
1 on this anniversary of the birth of his patron
o saint, he was kindly remembered. First, the
little boys of Mrs. Bailey's school called in a
e body at the presbytery to wish him many
a returns of the happy day and presentd him
as a token of their affection and gratitude, a
- beautiful carving set, the presentation re
s marks being made by Master Walter Donlon.
The boys were loaded down with pretty
t bouquets and delicious cakes. And ali told
a it was a most happy e.vent.
Later a few of his personal friends pre
t sented him with a magnificent combination
shaving cup, with the inscription,. "happy
feast." The remarks on this occasion were
made by Master John Tierney.
It gives us much pleasure to say that
Father Healey has endeared himself to the
people in a very pronounced manner, and
what is more he is fully deserving of their re
gard and esteem. The Gazette here toasts
his health and hope the returns of the day
will follow for many, many years to come.
On this auspicious occasion the printers on
the Gazette force were not forgotten, and
for the courtesies extended desire to return
their grateful thanks.
The Ball.
We understand that the young people are
looking forward, with pleasant anticipations,
for the evening of the 19thinstant. On that
evening will take place the grand ball, the
proceeds from which will be devoted to the
High School Building fund.
The object for which this ball is given ap
peals strongly to every one interested in
public education, and the purse strings should
be thrown away for the occasion.
But besides this it is pretty certain to be a
great social success, and will afford to those
attending much pleasure.
The arrangement committee, we under
stand, are leaving nothing undone to make it
the event of the season, and those who miss
it will miss a treat.
Let's all go and make it what every one
hopes it will be a pleasurable and financial
success.
Broussardiville Driz.lings.
Editor Lafayette Casett ..
It is rumored that a sugar refinery is to be
established in our vicinity. Such an im
provement would greatly enhance the value
of our rolling lands, which for years past,
have been under the sole cultivation of the
cotton staple. The low prices for the sea
sons of 1890, 1891 and 1892 had disgusted
even our most industrious planters. But the
languor which had begun to creep among
our people will soon vanish away-the erec
tion of a refinery; the extension of a branch
line from Cade station to Royville, running
through a rich and fertile district ; extended
switches at Duchamp station, Broussardville,
and Landry Bros. All these improvements
would so much favor the cane cultivation,
that the cotton acreage would be reduced,
t within the next three years, to what the
cane acreage is at present. Every farmer
would be facilitated to diversify products
and thus an era of prosperity would soon be
made to prevail in a deserving land.
The decision of Judge Allen in the Ber
nard vs. Hawkins case, (published in The
Gazette last Saturday) has created quite a
stir among the merchants and other business
men, It becomes a matter of impossibility
for them to make advances to any person
working on shares inasmuch as no guaran
tees can be offered through which their
money would be secured. One more step
towards the abolition of the credit system.
Mr Ed. S. Estorge and M. Billaud Jr. were
Out visiting last Sunday
Chief Justice Greig had an important case
to decide last Monday, but for want of evi
dence it proved to be "no case at all."
Messrs. P. B. Roy, Severin LeBlanc and
Dr. Dupleix from Royville, accompanied by
Mersrs. J. A. Roy and M. Biilaud, were in
New Orleans the latter part of last week, at
tending to business.
Our young Druggist friend R. J. Domin
geaux witnessed the Hall and Fitzsimons
fight last Wednsday.
The dull season has set in. No more busi
ness; loafers are getting scarce; even whisky
day looks gloomy.
It would be much to regret if the present
educational boom which has been started In
our section, should subside; there being at
present two public schools and three private
schools, to which latter number one more
shall be added next month.
Our town is withou t mayor or constable
and at a moment when they are greatly
needed, inasmuch as the municipal election
takes place on the ad Tuesday of April.
DUBARDIEU.
Carenoro News.
Editor Lafayrette Gazette .:
.Messrs Ferris, Humble and Roussel, re
presentatives of the Ferris Sugar Manufac
tnring Company, spent several days here last
week. It is said that they have completed
contracts for the purchase of over six hun
dred acres of cane in the place. They have
declared their intention of erecting a 4oo-foot
platform near the depot, for the forward
ing of their shipments.
Mr. Gus. Schmulen, has closed his es
tablishment here, and moved to Lake
Charles, where flattering inducements were
offered him for opening a first-class store.
Mr. Schmulen was one of our leading and
most enterprising citizens, never letting an
opportunity pass wherein his assistance might
aid in the progress or advancementof Caren
cro. IHis removal will prove a loss to our
little town, and a gain to Lake Charles. We
wish him every success in his new home.
Mrs. L. G. N vell and children, of New
Orleans, were in town a few days ago visit
sag her sister, Mrs. D. A. Dimitry.
It is almost a settled fact that we are to
have a branch road connecting Carencro
with Arnaudville. The road has been sur
veyed as far as Singleton's, and the grad
ing and building will soon commence. It
will run through the most fertile section of
the parish, and will undoubtedly prove of
inestimable value to Carencr, and bring us
in contact with a large area that now is whcl
ly dependent on the Teche for the transpor- I
tation of its produce. It will greatly en- I
hance the value of the property through I
which it will run, and will no doubt peeve a [
very successful and valuable investment. All a
the property owners along the route have |
promised "right of way," and doing all in
their power to encourage the enterprise. |
Just keep your eye on Carencro a little while,
if you please.
Dr. G. D. Owen, of Eola, spent last
Thursday and Friday with Dr. F. W. Court'
ney.
Mr. A. Cheffer, the veteran lumber dealer,
has a large assortment of all kinds of building
material, and can furnish the "'twhrewithal"
for anything from a hut to a mansion.
There were 6660 dozens of eggs shipped
here during the dhonth of February.
Cards are out for the marriage of .Mr. W.
A. Robert of Carenero and Miss Martha
Vidriune of Ville Platte. The wedding will
take place at the Catholik Church in Ville
Platte. Mr: Robert is one of our maost popular
Syoung men, and we extend to the couple our
c heartiest wishes for their future happiness
a and prosperity.
e Our farmers are hard at work planting,
a and preparing for the coming season. The
r rice acreage will not be one fourth of what it
a was last year. Tile cotton will be about the
a same, while there will be a great increase in
-the cultivation of sugar cane.
A. little paint and whitewash properly
placed would be an improvement, and add to
I the general appearance and beauty of our
town. It is to be hoped that our property
owners will appreciate this fact, and act ac
a cordingly.
r Mr. Pelton of Scott was visiting the
family of Dr. W. W. Lessley last Sunday.
Mr. Pelton is a most genial and pleasant
t companion, whom we are always delighted
to meet.
A party of ladies and gentlemen consisting
of Mrs. J. P. Francez, Mrs. Wm. Couret,
Misses Martin and Bernard, and Messrs
Dom. Cayret and Wm. Couret, have returned
home from the sea coast, where they spent
three weeks, having had a very pleasant trip.
Mr. P. S. Alpha of Lafayette was in town
last week.
Lafayette parish can truly boast of having
the very best Police Jury in the State. The
appropriation recently made by them, for
public education must receive the approval of
all liberal minded citizens, and it is in keep.
ing with their constant efforts to advance the
welfare of our citizens. Any one acquainted
with the past history of the perish should
feel proud of, and greatful to the gentleman
composing that body.
Mr. L. Tapissier, has had his drug store
newly painted and thoroughly repaired. It
presents a very nice appearance.
TorIDEx VERBIS.
The Gazette feels it a duty to call the at
tention of the proper authorities to a very
ugly passage in the public highway near the
store of Mr. Bernard, on the route leading
to Carencro and suggests that now would be
a good time to see about having it fixed so
that traveling could be made without present
inconveniences.
IN MEMORIAM.
Day dawned: within a curtained room,
l'illed to faintness with perfume.
A lady lay at point of doom.
On Saturday morning,, March s th, there
departed from this life a lady known through
out the parish for her social qualities and
well as for her many charitable deeds.
Mrs. Ed. Pellrin ree Louisa Denols, beloved
wife of an old and esteemed citizen of La
fayette breathed her last, at 8Sto o'clock,
Saturday morning last. Possessing a kind
and noble heart, being a true and sincere
Christian, and with many other sublime
virtues, she endeared herself to all classes
alike. Even when disease had laid its heavy
hand upon her, her own troubles never made
her forget the wants of others. Solicitous to
the last for the comfort and welfare of those
surrounding her, always attending to the
supervision of her household cares, she indeed
proved herself worthy of the sacred names of
wife, mother, friend. Rev. Father Forge
who conducted the funeral ceremonies paid
a most eloquent tribute to the virtues and
noble qualities of the deceased, and numer
ous were the sorrowing and desolate ones,
who followed the remains of the lamented
dead to their last resting place, in the Catho
lic Cemetery.
The bereaved husband, the son Mr. II.
Ifohorst, the daughter, Mrs. F. J. Mouton,
have the heartfelt sympathies of the entire
community. **%
Public Sale.
SUCCESSION OF EMILE CREIGHTON. DE
CEASED.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of an order
from the Honorable District Court in and for the
parish of Lafayette, there will be sold at publiccattc
tion, to the Ilast and highest bidder, by the tinder
signed Sheriff. at the last residence of the deceased
in this parish, on
Saturday. the 21d. day or April.'1893.
the following described property, to-wit:
One certain plantation situated in Pilet Cove. itn
the Parish of Lafayette. measuring five arpents front
on Bayou Vermilion, by forty arpents in depth.
bounded above by plantation of Dirs. Odeide gou
ton and below by plantation of Raisin' Wallis nnd
east by land of the Estate, together with all the build
ings and improvements thereon, including the crop of
cane plants on said place.
One certain tract of prairie and wood land situated
itn Lalayette Parish, containing eighty seven sttperfi
cial arpents, more or less, bounded north by BavO,
Torrue and Lake Charlo, east end south by land of
Rosemond Landry and west by land of Jacques D.
Mouton and sisters. irs. Mathilde Gardner. Dirs.
Odeide Mlouton. Mrs. Euphemie Creighton, S. It.
Vallis. and assigns and Joseph Chevallier and Elise
Thibodeaux, known as the Habien tract or swamp.
One pair of brown mules.
(one pair of hay and black mules.
One pair of dark mules.
One red mule.
One bay buggy horse.
One pair young oxen: one pair old oxen: two
calves and old cow: one red cow and calf; four heif
crs: one ox cart: one cane cart two old wagons ;
one buggy and harness; four old plows : four Avery
plows:six collars and five harness; five blind bridles:
two spades and three hoes; two cultivators: one old
cultivator: harrows: hay forks: platform scnlcs:
one beam scales: one double plow; two sweeps: abhotut
200 barrels of corn: about so loads of peavines: about
ro barrels of peas; old cotton press; lot of old lunmber;
lot of brick; rt cane knives: one water cooler: one
armoir: one dressing case: one wash stand one
center table; four chairs; two rockers. etc.. etc.
TERMS AND CONDITIONS;
All the movables will be sold for Cash on Iday of
sale ; and the immovables, one third Cash, and the
balance in two equal instalments, payable respec
tively February 5. t894 and t895. bearing interest at
eight per cent per annum thereon, from date of sale,
till taitd. with ten per cent. as penal clause, as attor
ney s fees in case of suit, on the aggrenate amount
recovered, the payment of which credit portion of
said purchase price to be secured by vendor'~s privi
lege and special mortgage on the prqperty sold. and
same to be represented by promisory notes drawn to
the order of the Adminisuator for the use of said l-s
tate. and in solido, in case of joint purch.sers ; ptr
chaseoror pttrrchasers to confess judgment in favor of
said estate in cafutal. Interest, attorney's fees and
charges, and authorizing executoafy jprocess to issue
before any court of eoa.petent jurisdictlon. in de
fault of payment at maturity, and binding them
selves and heirs not to sell or alienate the property
purchased to the prefudice of said mortgage and
right to sell aforesaid.
ISAAC A. IROUSSARit)
Sherif. Lafayette Parish, La
Sheriff's Sale
STAtE OF LOtISIA IA-PARISH OF LAFA
YETTE--NO. -
P. A. Chiasson vs. Glose/as ifanks.
By virtue o altt of eiu h antrd sale. issued fom
eHonorhble Jude P th sth Jodicial District
ourt. in sad la t i o theState of
souisana, ad to e dirited. I have seized and
will oetr o sale at public auction, to the last and
highea idderati t the Curt Houm, in the town of
.Lafayese. Os W Y Se.
Shtrd1y. IArIl 09, fb98.
betwse the Itel esis hois the following de.
eried property so-wit
A certein feast o laud situated is the perish of La
layette mad Stte of Lotisiana. with all the buildings
od impovetnenma thereon standin·g and thereto be
longitng. Said tract of land csat-nine Lnt yunperfi
c alarpents, rad is bounded North by hIsd of Eu
ge. I GBamcl South byland of J. J. Sn~th or puhlic
road: Et b laznd of ii. A. Ch;as,. and West by
land of Mfs. Bearsd Letllmae, being part of same
iSAAC A. 1BROUiIARD.
Sheriff Pariah Of Lafayettei
SPECIAL MEETING.
A special meeting of the Business
Mens' Association will be held
Monday night in Falk's Opera
House, at 7:30 c'clock. A full atten
dance is earnestly desired as matters
of great importance will come be
fore the Association.
A. C, ORDWAYi Sec.,
IT HAS TOLD .................. . . -
.............. .IT IS 'TELLING ! !................:
................. .....IT W ILL TELL I !
THAT
*r. M[. BO 8A.I,
____ .. HAKOnUAUSR AnD alimlL
Is contiually receiving the finest line is
soid .old an ,,,, ...Watches,
Diamonds,
Silverware,
Cutlery.,.. .....,
,B, the e,,,, ..,vlll. .Jewelry.
D:L3PiSwACc.ne A IsPtCIAtL. Y.
Prompt attention given to mail and express orders.
T. M. BIOSSAT,
Lafayette, L.0
Get the Latest Styles.
The Lowest Prices.
The Ladies of Lafayette
Who are really desirous of securing some of the lovely HATS and
BONNETS we now have on exhibition in our Millinery Department,
should call without delay.
We are showing this Season many
Striking and Pretty Novelties.
in MISSES AND LADIES' HATS AND BONNNETS, as also in
Flowers, * Laces,
oathers, c Embroiders,
Ribbone, a Dress Coods.
You will miss a great deal if you do not see our superb
New York Line of Millinery Goods.
MOSS BROS. & CO,
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON
AT WHOLESALE and RETAIL
OFFICE AND YAIlD NEAR RAILROAD DEPOT
LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed Shingles, Sash, Blinds,
Mouldings Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plows, Walking
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
PROMPT NEAT
THE
LAFAYETTE
GAZETTE
SJOB PRINTING'
GIVE US
A TRIAL OR
DER.
CHEAP GOOD
.-_
MRS. 30HN 0. MOUTON,
JISW AND SASONABLIS
MILLINERY GOODS,
SUCH As
Hats, Peat.hers, Silks, Embroideries, Btc,.
Also, Ladies' and Childrent's aShi*,
. ..9' .,