THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THE PARISH AND TOWN OF LAFAYETTE.
VOL. V. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JUNE 5, 1897. NO. 14.
OUR VISITORS.
The men and women who pursue
the noble occupation of making
good and worthy citizens of our
boys and girls are with us since
Monday. They are not here for
pleasure or for fun. They are here
to learn so that they may teach to
others. This is their mission in
Lafayette, and The Gazette is
pleased to be able to state that they
have begun to work under the most
auspicious circumstances, for, from
all appearances, much good will be
accomplished by the normal which
was opened in the High School
building Monday morning.
We all know that the public
school teacher is not, as a rule,
blessed with a ponderous bank ac
count and that his chances to amass
a fortune are paitnfully slim, and
being aware of it as well as we are,
we should be willing to accord the
teacher his share of praise for the
generosity and public-spirit which
he displays in giving his time and
money in order that he may be
better fitted to perform his work in
the school-room.
Under the able direction of Profs.
A. L. Smith, J. E. Keeny, C. F.
Trudeau and Miss Henrietta Lewis,
all able and experienced teachers,
the normal can not fail to be the
means of enhancing the cause of
public education in this parish and
of impressing upon the minds of
our local educators the wisdom of
adopting the most advanced
methods of modern pedagogy.
Lafayette has been the scene of
large gatherings before, but never
in its history has it been honored
with the presence of men and wo
men who are entitled to more kindly
consideration and heartier welcome
at the hands of its citizens.
The Gazette repeats the words of
welcome so well spoken by Mayor
Caffery at Falk's Hall Monday
night.
The Gazette greets you, ladies
and gentlemen! It wishes you a
profitable session and a pleasant
stay.
A P'leasant Affair.
The Ladies' Five O'clock Tea
Club was most pleasantly enter- 1
tained at the home of Mrs. J. G.
Parkerson, who was assisted in re- 1
ceiving by Misses L. Parkerson, V.
Kelly and Mrs. C. M. Parkerson,
and most charming hostesses were
these ladies. This afternoon being
the first Thursday of the month the
business of the past month was
transacted. A duet from Gustav
Lange was ably executed by Mrs.
B. Clegg and Miss L. Mudd. An
amusing selection, entitled "An
Irishman's letter," provoked much
laughter. Mrs. E. J. Trahan, read
"They say. Ah! Well Suppose
They do," and the beauty of thought
in this poem was observed by all.
Mrs. Darling sang in a touching
manner, "Daddy," a song full of
pathos.
Progressive croquet was the game
tof the afternoon, and a pretty sight '
was the lawn, as the contestants in
their light summer dresses flitted
from one side to the other in search
of flying balls. The prize, a lovely
cream pitcher of delf pattern, was
won by Mrs. Biossat.
Delightful refreshments were
greatly enjoyed, the tempting man
ner in which they were served be
ing an appetizer.
Miss Lewis, of the Summer Nor
mal faculty, was an honored guest
on this occasion.
Cool summer shirts, white and
colored at o50 cents, 75 cents and
1,. Low quarter and other light
weight shoes in the latest shapes
for men, at popular prices, at Moss
Bros. & Co's.
A picnic was given at Chargois'
springs under the auspices of the
M)stic Club, an organization conm
posed of young men of the town.
All report having had a good time.
AT SCOTT
News Items Picked Up by The Gazette
Correspondent.
Mr. Frank Price was a Carencro
visitor last Sunday.
Mr. Wallace Price, of New Or
leans, was a visitor during the week
in Scott, the guest of his brother,
Mr. J. J. Price.
Messrs. Price and Trosclair and
the Misses Dubenard and Bacquet
visited the country last Sun
day.
Scott's second nine were de
feated by a country nine last Sun
day.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Clark, of
Lafayette, were here last Sunday
the guests of Mr. Mrs. John Price.
Cotton gin men were plentiful
in Scott last week. They were not
all successful.
Mr. Alex Delhomme, Sr., will
soon have an up-to-date cotton gin.
With two good gins Scott will no
doubt increase the cotton shipment
this next season.
The Southern Pacific Surveyors
were in town last week surveying
the proposed new switch to Mr.
Delhomme's new cotton gin.
Mrs. A. Trahan and Mrs. A. O.
Budro attended services at Lafa
yette last Sunday evening.
We are sorry to chronicle the
death of Mrs. Adam Domingue,
sister of P. H. Mouton, last Friday.
Mrs. Domingue leaves a husband
five children and a large circle of
friends to mourn her loss.
Mr. J. J. Price is erecting a large
ware-house next to his store.
Mr. Walace Price of Baldwin is
in Scott, the guest of his parents,
Mr. and Mrs. John Price.
ORTON.
MISS BOAS' SCHOOL
Will Give it:; Annual Exhibition
on Friday, June 18.
The exhibition of Miss Boas'
School will take place on the 18th
of June. The exhibition consists
principally of instrumental and
vocal music. The program has
been selected with taste and
judgment and it is safe to say that
under the able direction of Misses
Boas and McCord, its rendition will
show intelligent and efficient work.
It requires hard work to make a
success of a school exhibition, but
Misses Boas and McCord have al
ready demonstrated their ability in
this line of work. After the per
formance there will be a dance.
Refreshments will be served and all
who attend will be offered every op
portunity to have a good time.
A Farewell Party.
A very enjoyable social affair
was the farewell soiree given at the
pretty home of Mr. and Mrs. C. H.
Lusted, Jr., last Monday evening
upon the occasion of the departure
for Europe of Mr. Chas. Lusted,
Sr., to visit his aged mother who-is
critically ill in England. The
Lusted home was tastily decorated,
excellent music and delicious re
freshments had been procured and
there was nothing to be desired.
Laurence H. Kenner entertained
all present with some beautiful re
citations, and Miss Ruth Huff, Mr.
Chas. Lusted, Sr., and Mr. Walter
Chachere treated them to some
pretty songs. Before leaving every
one wished Mr. Lusted a pleasant
trip across the ocean and an early
return to the States.
Mr. Chas. L. Voorhies has con
tracted with the Gillet Gin Com
pany of Amite City to supervise the
erection of gins in this section.
Mr. Voorhies has just put up gins
for Messrs. P. B. Roy, Alex Del
homme, A. C. Guiibeau and he is
now putting one up for Mrs. Leon
Billeaud.
THE SUMMER NORMAL
Is Organized - Daily Sessions
Held in the High School
Building.
According to announcement previously
made the summer normal was opened in the
High School building Monday morning.
Nearly all the seats in the school rooms
were occupied by the teachers and people
of the town. The members of the faculty,
Profs. Smith, Keeny, Trudeau and Miss
Lewis were present. Superintendent C. F.
Latiolais was also on hand and helped to
organize the school.
Prof. A. L. Smith, who may be called the
conductor of the institute, is a bright,
genial gentlemen, and it takcs him but a
short time to get around and make every one
feel at home. Prof. Smith is a native of Illi
nois and was educated in the public schools
of that State. He subsequently matricu
lated at Knox College and after the comple
tion of his studies he went to Chicago and
attended a normal ,school in that city.
Eleven years ago he came South and was
employed to teach at the Natchitoches Nor
mal School. He still is a valuable member
of the faculty of that well-known institution.
He was married to an estimable lady of the
historic old town some years ago and he is
now the proud father of a bright little girl.
Prof. Smith is one of the most successful in
stitute workers in the State and the teachers
of this parish were lucky to get him.
Prof. J. E. Keeny is a hustler. He be
lieves in hard work and when he is about
everything must be moving. Prof. Keeny
was born near Philadephia in 186o. He
-was educated in the public schools of the
Quaker City,and at Juniata Normal College
and the University of, Ohio. Prof. Keeny
taught in the country and5city schools of
his native State five years. After leaving
Pennsylvania he located in Kansas, remain
ing in the Sunflower State four years. He
then came to Louisiana and took charge of
the Monroe High School. He stayed there
until he accepted a position as principal of
the Lake Charles High School, which is one
of the most flourishing in the State. Prof.
Keeny is thoroughly familiar with institutes
and normal schools, having pursued that
line of educational work in Pennsylvania
and Kansas and Louisiana. During the
last two months he represented State Insti
tute Conductor Himes in St. Charles,
Vernon, Caddo and Calcasieu parishes.
Miss IHenriettta Lewis, who, with
Prof. Trudeau, has charge of the
model school, is a native of New Orleans
where she graduated from the public
schools. Miss Lewis took a post-graduate
course at the State Normal School in which
institution she has since been employed as
teacher. For the last three years she has
done normal work. Miss Lewis is the ideal
teacher for what is known as the model
school. Although this department has not
enrolled as many pupils as was promised,
the work of classifying is about complete
and everything is going on in earnest. The
model school has for its mission the presen
tation of *:ertain principles of teaching.
There are some forty children taken from
the first, second, third and fourth grades,
and, strange as it may seem, two teachers
do the whole work and no one is idle for a
minute. A little republic, as it were, where
the youngest children absorb ideas of
citizenship, learn to be kind and polite,
and, at the same time learn in a pleasing
way, to read, write, cipher, recite, drill, etc.
Good teachers are needed all along the line
of the profession, but skillful teachers are
becoming more and more in demand for this
primary work. Prof. Trudeau and Miss
Lewis have already made a success of it,
and their efforts can not fail to be fruitful
of happy results. All progressive educators
are of the opinion that much of the diffi
culty and unpleasantness of the teacher's
work would be removed if children were
properly taught from the first. Hence the
desirability of the model school.
Monday morning the work of organizing
the institute was concluded. The fol
lowing persons registered and entered the
classes: Miss Mary Rader, Miss F. S. Greig,
Miss Lizzie Mudd, Miss Clye Mudd, Miss
Kate Rand, Miss M. L. Bagnal, Miss Ger
trude Abbott,, Miss Anna Campbell, Miss
Lilia Olivier, Miss Emily Olivier, Miss
Agnes Guilbeau, Miss Stella Gcilbeau, Mrs.
Mary C. Boutte, Miss Ann. Hopkins, Mrs.
R. M. Delany, Miss Mary Webb, Miss Lula
Kelly, Miss Maggie Bagnal. Miss Mattie
Hunter, Miss Aimee Mouton, Miss A.
Martin, Miss Laura Martin, Miss Bertha
Richard, Miss Bessie Cunningham, Miss
Louisa Tolson, Miss Rosebud Farmer;
Philip Martin, C. A. Boudreaux, Ovey
Comeau. J. C. Martin. F. Crepin, W. G.
Webb, II. C. WVallis, R. IH. Broussard, T.
R. Simmons, Theo. J. Breaux, R. E. Cun
nigham, H. E. Toll, Richard Chargois, A.
J. Dupuis, F. P. Rust, G. H. Alway, J. P.
lHofpaui:, F. Sterling Mudd, Robert Mc
Faddin, Charlie Jaufroid, J. L. Fletchet,
Hugh C. WVallis.
The hours of the forenoon were taken up
with the work of otgEzing. Profs. Smith
and Keeny made a few remarks to explain
the woraciugs and putposre, o sadminer mo.
mals. Before adjourning Superintendent
Latiolais informed the teachers and all
others present that they were expected to
meet at Falk's Hall at 8 o'lock where and
when a reception would be given in honor
of the visitors.
The reception at night was well attended.
Quite a large number of ladies were present
and made the reception a delightful affair.
Frof. Trudeau spoke briefly and to the
point. He stated that as Superintendent
Latiolais was absent on account of illness in
his family he acted in his stead. The pro
fessor was followed by Hon. Chas. D. Caf
fery, who delivered an eloquent address of
welcome to the teachers. He said:
"Mr. President, Ladies and Gentlemen
In the name of our local authorities and in
fact for all the people of this community, I
extend to the teachers from the Normal
school and other teachers of the public
schools of this State, here assembled, a most
cordial welcome.
"Your mission here is to hold a term of
school wherein teachers are taught the art
of teaching, and when we know this, we
ask to know no more; we say welcome,
thrice welcome ! to our midst.
"The work in which you are engaged is to
my mind the most important, ay ! the most
vital to society and to the world of any
other but one in which civilized man is en
gaged, and for that reason, if for no other,
we rejoice because of your coming.
"You belong to the educational depart
ment of government; you are engaged in ed
ucational work, and there is no calling that
ought more certainly to command the re
gard of all other people. The work of
educating the young and the development
of plans having that end in view, is an is
sue of world-wide and growing importance.
The agitation of that issue, and the discus
sion of ways and means to achieve success in
this broad field of labor, has achieved and
will continue to receive the attention of
thoughtful men everywhere, but especially
in these United States.
""It may seem to some, stale and flat, if
not unprofitable, to argue the importance of
education at this time, but itf there is one
thing above another that should combine
enthusiasm with steady, unremitting thought,
it is how shall the youth of this land be
educated. It is a fact, however, most en
couraging to you and all others engaged in
your calling, that the truth is spreading,
that the educated man will lead his unedu
cated brother in every walk of life, whether
it be the farmer plowing his fields or the
soldier fighting in the ranks.
"The educational system of this State,
vastly improved in the past few years, is
still far in the rear of some other States of
this Union. Our teachers are poorly
paid, our school houses are miserably
furnished, and in point of architecture, are
barn - like affairs that reflect no credit
upon the people. The reason of it all
wdbld seem to me to be that we have not
come to appreciate to the fullest extent that
ihe burdens of government rest more easily
upon those who pursue a liberal policy in
this direction. It is as certain to me as
any thing can be, if we give more for edu
cation we will give less for jails, hospitals
and asylums. Parodoxical it may seem,
but true it is. that if we give more for
education we will pay less taxes for all
purposes. Money spent for good school
houses and well paid teachers, is better than
paying expenses in criminal cases, and if we
do the one we, to a large extent, escape the
other. "
Prof. A. L. Smith responded on behalf of
the teachers. Prof. Smith is a bright and
original speaker and, as usual, he enter
tained the audience with apt illustrations
and splendid argument.
The affair concluded with a pretty selec
tion on the piano executed by Miss Lizzie
Mudd.
TUESDAY'S MEETING.
Tuesday morning the teachers began to
work in earnest. Everyone had a note-book
and a pencil and the room was as busy as a
bee hive.
After several attempts "America" was
sung with enough life and melody to suit
Prof. Smith, who is an advocate of opening
exercises.
The question, .'"Are Opening Exercises
Beneficial ?" was propounded and left for
further debate on the r.orrow. It was un
derstood that religious beliefs would be
elimated from the discussions.
The subject of local history was next
taken up. The fact was brought out that
the first settlement was about two and one
half miles from the present town on the
plantation of a Mr. Martin, bought from
Indians, to whom Mr. Martin paid two
blankets and some sort of a coffee pot, show
ing how little the Indians realized the
value of land. Quite an interesting discus
sion on Indians was then indulged in, which
proved that only a few real Indians now ex
ist in Louisiana and these were dying off
fast. It was established as a fact that In
dians often visited their mounds, some of
which are to be found in the country
around Lafayette. It was agreed that the
town of lafayette was first begun at Pin
Hook bridge, but on account of religious
differences this settlement did not prosper.
In 3822 Mr. Jean Mouton, father of Gover
nor Mouton, gave a grant of land where
upon to build a court-h.ouse, chuic:. and
school house. Among the first planters in
the parish were the following: Messrs.
Broussard, Boudreaux, Blreaux, Landry,
Thibodaux, Babinaux and Martin. Several
buildings were named as being the oldest in
the town.
The next thing was the reading and crit
icism of Longfellow's "Courtship of Miles
Standish." The balance of the day was
devoted to discussions of subjects in grant
mar, geography and arithmetic.
Wednesday the same subjects were dis
cussed. Teachers showed that they were
getting accustomed to the work and the
exchange of opinions and ideas was quite
interesting. Several facts of historical in
terest were presented. The rest of the day
was taken up with the same studies as the
day before.
The normal will last until the 26th day of
June. The working hours are from 8:30
to t p. m.
Miss Clara Baer of New Orleans will give
lessons next week in physical culture.
A MARKET HOUSE.
The Plan Proposed by the Signal
For Crowley lMay be a
Good One.
That Lafayette needs a public
market all sensible people will ad
mit, and that it is high time that it
should have one is equally true.
The Gazette stated some time ago
that the people of Lafayette could
not very well afford to continue
much longer under the present sys
tem. The progressive town of
Crowley is up-to-date in various
ways, but like her bigger sister, La
fayette, she has no market house.
The Signal, with characteristic en
ergy, is trying to impress upon the
public mind the necessity of a
market house, and speaking of this
matter in its last issue it says:
"The different markets here and
there in our town are as far apart
in localities as they are in the
quality of meats they keep. With
the size and population of Crowley
we should have a central market
house, both as a source of conven
ience, as a stimulus to legitimate
competition, as well as to incite our
market men to give us a better
grade of meat and at cheaper prices.
"What, with building water
works, electric lights and other
necessary expenses, the Town
Council cannot afford now to put
up a town market house. But in
dividuals can do it, and upon a
very safe and simple plan, namely
Lefone or more persons construct
a building of sufficient size to em
brace, say, a half dozen stalls of
good size to be rented to all market
men, whether for meats, fish, fruits
or vegetables. All of these things
will be sold under one roof, and
the purchaser for the day's supplies
has only to step from one stall to
another to get what he wants with
out running all over town to fill out
his order. The parties who erect
this building could sell it to the
Town Council for a stipulated price,
and in payment the Council pass an
ordinance establishing a scale of
rental for the stalls, collectible
daily or weekly, said rentals to be
paid over to the vendors of the mark
et house until the purchase price of
the building was finally paid, then
the title of the property to become
fully vested in the town. This is
the method that has been success
fully followed in other towns and to
the satistaction of all parties. To
exemplify, say that a market house
has been built and an act of sale
passed to the town. The Town
Council then passes an ordinance
requiring all markets to be con
ducted in the stalls of this building;
and fixes the rates of dally, weekly
or monthly rental to be paid for the
use of said stalls, the same to be
paid to the original vendor of the
building. Such a building under
such regulations should pay not less
than $5o, and perhaps $8o per
month, according to the number of
stalls occupied. If we are not mis
taken the town of Opelotsas con
structed her market house, a very
neat and commodious one, upon
this plan and that it has been bring
ing the town $I2oo or is5oo rental
for several years past. A good
market building centrally situated is
the desideratum of our people, and
when once established eyerybody
will wonder how they ever got
along without one so long.
"IWith a central market and the
butchers all in close proximity to
each other they would vie with
each other in keeping clean, attrac
tive stalls, in offering better meats
to their customers and bringing
down prices to the lowest margin of
profits. Then, if a customer did
not find what he wanted at one
stall, he would go to others until he
found what he wanted for his table.
"Again, we say, we should have
a good market house. If any per
son or persor.s want to put up one
under the above suggestions we
guarantee them the Council will act
upon the plan we have offered."
Farmers' Institute.
Major J. G. Lee, State commis
sioner of agriculture, was in Lafa
yette Thursday for the purpose of
making arrangements to hold a
farmers' institute in Lafayette. Af
ter a conference with the Police
Jury it was decided to hold the
meeting or institute on the i8th
of June and to have it jointly with
the Summer Normal now in session.
Major Lee informed The Gazette
that probably Hon. Jno. Dymond
and Prof. Caldwell would be here
on that day to deliver addresses on
subjects of vital interest to the
farmers. Messrs. Alfred Hebert
and R. C. Greig have been ap
pointed a committee to make suit
able arrangement.: fc: the meeting.
It is to be hoped that all the
merchants doing busines- in this
town will agree to -lose their stores
at 7 o'clock. Those who refuse to
join this movement ".,il certainly
not increase their populari:;y arhong
the fair-minded people -f the town.
Of course a man h-s a legal right
to remain open as lon- a: he sees
fit, but The Ga-ette believes that
unity of action in thi" irmatie, wvill
redound to the beneEt of :11l con
cerned.
To Receive ise 7.ct r ,ctor.nists.
Editor Walise of the Houma
Times requests The n7et'e to pub
lish the following:
The program of arrangements for
the reception and entertain..ent of
the excursionists to arri-'e itn ou
ma June 27, from Lafayette and
other points will be az follows:
The Independent Brass Band of
Houma will meet. the excursionists
on the arrival of the train, and
escort them to the court-house
square where a platform for dancing
will be erected, also refreshments
of all kinds will be served at rea
sonable. rates. The Independent
Brass Band of Houma will give a
free Musical Concert from th'e
Pavilion at about 3:30 o'clock in
the afternoon, especially in honor
of the ladies and gentlemen partici
pating in the amusements of the day.
A Warnm Game.
There will be a warm game of
base ball at the Oak Avenue Park
to-morrow. The Washington boys
will have to show If they are the
proper people to enjoy the envia
ble distinction which they won the
other days by defeating the Lafa
yette boys. The gate to the park
will be opened immediately after
the arrival of the excursion train
from New Orleans. There will be
all kinds of refrcshments on the
grounds during the afternoon.
Admission will be 25 cents for men
and xo cents for boys. The ladies
will not be charged .any admission.
The game will betplayed for a
wager of $50o.
A matinee will be given to-mor
row on the convent grounds for the
benefit of the excursionists and all
others who will attend. Refresh
ments will be served. Admission
to the matinee will be 25 cents.
On Monday night, June 7, the
.istera of Mount Carmel convent
will give an entertainment, to which
an admission price of as cer.ts will
be charged. There will be no re
served -eats.