LAPAYETTE GAZETE
QI'OliUMI I. - - LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JULY 1, 1893. NUMBER 7;
sEacTrc ANDACCEPTED
Why . Stioa[ Phor Lost a1ith is
th. 'Worl4'. 4ouesty.
The a iýuro4 Flpp had been
somethinga henomenal. No man was
more soqiWlter by publishers and
the edito of imagazines. Mr. Flipp
bad been somewhat prolific at the be
ginning, but now that be could get
practically any price he askied for His
-3l8s & Ji',jtcazpe more carieful It wg
more `fnore difficult for a magazine
to get'a sidry by this now celebrated
author.
Y there came to his room a
ma m the world apparently had
not ssgenerously.
"I have come," said he to Mr. Flipp,
"to see you without any letter of intro
duction, or without any preliminary an
^- nounacejent. I was afraid to let you
know I intebded to come, amo busy a
man as you might well have refused to
see a stranger."
"I iam not a busy man," said Mr.
Flpp. @"I doubt if anyone in the town
;as more leisure than I. Sit down.
What can I do for for you?"
"My name," said the stranger, "is
Crosby. I am a shorthand writer and
I want to work for you."
"My csea sir," replied Flipp, "I have
no use fra sbhorha1d writer. I have
never ,dictated in my life, and Idoubt
if I 6onlch Everything I write I do with
my own hand. I do not even use atype
writer."
"I do," said Crosby. "I have a type
writer at home, and if you will try dic
tation for awhile it will occupy but
little of your time and you may find it
extremely useful. If, on the other
hand, -you conclude that it is of no ad
vantage to you, no harm will be done."
"I know, before we begin," said
iFlipp, "that it wouldn't work. I am
sure of that."
"How can you be sure," asked Cros
by, "about something you harve never
tried? Letme ask you a question: Have
you ever forgotten any good idea that
you ever hall?"
S"IIHundreds of them." answered Flipp.
I "Then does not that strike you as a
tremendous waste of brain power? Have
you never felt annoyed to think that
some good idea that had occurred to
you had slipped into oblivion?"
Flipp. who had been walking up and
down the room with some impatience,
stopped and looked at his visitor.
"I presume," he said at last, "every
body has had that annoying experience.
The fish that gets away is always bigger
than those we catch."
"Precisely," answered Crosby. "Then
why let them get away? You are a
young man now; but there will come a
.time when you will regret the waste
that probably now seems trivial."
"What salary do you want?" asked
the writer abruptly.
"I don't want any salary," replied
Crosby. "I shall be very pleased to give
Vou an hour a day for nothing. At
least," he said, seeing Flipp wave his
hand impatiently, "until you find
whether or not the proposal is of value
to you. Once down on paper an idea is
fixed, and forever under your control.
Merely floating on your brain it may
sink and' never rise to the surface
again."
"There is something in that." said
Flipp meditatively. "At least it will
do no harm to try. As you came in I
was thinking of a story that I ought to
work out reasonably well. Have you
your notebook with you?"
Crosby produced it.
Flipp walked up and down the room
for a few moments in silence.
"Suppose we head it," he said, "'The
Parting of the Ways "'
Crosby was evidently an expert short
hand writer, for when Flipp became In
terested in t.iatc be talked very rap
idly, but "C ,l w'ithout apparent
haste, noted it all1 down, never ones
Schecking the speaker.
"There," said Flipp, when he had
finished, ''wat do you think of that
storSfb I ' I .'
I"Really," said Crosby, "I cannot tell
you. I have not heard it."
"Not heard it!" exclaimed the novel
ist. "*Have not I just dictated it to
you?"
"You have dictated it." said Crosby,
"to a machine. I shall give you my
opinion upon it when I have read the
typewritten MS. That is," he added,
"if you care for the opinion of a no
body. When shall I call again?"
"Oh, I arn in no hurry," said Flipp.
"This hour to-morrow?"
"Yes, if that suits your convenience."
The stranger snapped the elastic band
around his notebook, put the cap upon
the stylographic pen, and, without a
word, departed:
"He is a queer fish," said the writer
tVi himself when his visitor had gone.
"I don't more than half like the looks
of him."
Next day the stenographer called at
the same hour, and placed before the
novelist ten pages of typewritten MS.
headed "The 'arting'of the Ways."
"It is one of the best stories you have
yet written,""said Crosby, "if you want
my opinion." -
Reginald laughed. "If you were after
a large salary that would be the kind
of remark one might expect you to
make."
"I am not after a salary at all," an
swered Crosby. "You asked my opin
ion, add I give it It may be worth
less."
"Which-the opinion or the story?"
"It one is," said Crosby, "the other
naturally must be. Shal I take down
another?"
"Not to-day. Some days I have no
ideas in my. heed. This is one of them.
I shsll go: over this MS. carefully, and
then we wvill have it typewritten again.
What is your address? When 4 feel in
the mood for dictating I will send a
messenger for you."
"It is no trouble to me," said Crosby,
"to call upon you. If you do not feel
like writing, it does not matter. If you
do, I. will be hero."
"Oh, very wehg" said the novelist;
and whenI his vittor had departed he
said to himself: "Now, why did that
fellow not want to leave his address?"
wlhnb (!roeby reached his room, he
p1c4ke ujp fr'o iss typwr6itr tablo as
exact duplicate of the MS. he had given
to the novelist. HIe read it over carse.
fully, corrected some evident mistakes,
folded it up and put it in his inside
pocket
Ten minutes later he was in the wait
ing room of the Illustrated Bugle, one
of the most prosperous ofthe big week
ly papers. The boy came bask to him
with his card still in his hand.
"The editor anyes," began- the boy,
"that if it is a tout MS. yq wigh to see
him you are to leave itd he.ill send
the answer. lie is very busy Just now,
and says he cannot see you unless it is a
matter of importance."
"It is a matterlof importance," saia
Crosby. "Tell him that."
"Then please write itdown," said the
boy, hesitating and pushing a slip of
paper towards Crosby.
Crosby took the paper and wrote on
it: "I must see you personally. I shall
not keep you one minute. Kindly grant
me that length of time."
The boy tookl the paper and disap
peared. Returniog after a few moments,
he said, briefly: "Come this way, sir."
Crosby followed the boy until the lat
tor rapped gently at a door, and, push
ing it open, -said: "Mr. Crosby."
The editor was standing beside his
desk with a slight frown of impatience
on his face, and an attitude that indi
cated that he had jolt sixty seconds to
devote to his visitor.
"I wanted to see you," said Crosby,
'personally regarding a MS. I have in
my pocket "
"Well, all I can tell you," replied the
editor, "is that you may leave the
MS. if you care to do so, and it will re
ceive due consideration."
"I know that is the formula," said
Crosby, blandly, "but this is not an
ordinary MS.,and if I leave it it is on the
understanding that I may call at this
time to-morrow and get your own
opinion about it. I claim that this
story is as good as anything Flipp has
ever written. If you really wish ex
cellence and not a well-known name,
you have an opportunity that may not
occur again."
"We get opportunities enough," said
the eaitor, dryly, "of that kind. Every
MS. we receive is an extraordinary
story from the author's standpoint. If
you leave it 1 promise to read it myself,
though ordinarily a MS. takes its turn
with our regular reader."
"And to-morrow, at this hour, may I
call and get your opinion about it?"
The editor hesitated a moment and he
glanced at the Bard in his hand.
"I think I have had MSS. of yours be
fore, Mr. Crosby."
"Yes," was the answer, "and you re
turned them. I don't think you will re
turn this one."
"Very well. Call again tomorrow."
At the same hour next day Crosby
had his interview with the editor. That
gentleman had the MS. in his hand.
"I hate read this carefully," he said,
"and must tell you frankly that it is
not up to our standard. There is some
indication of merit about it, but if I
were you I would not say to the next
man to whom you submit it that it is as
good as anything Flipp has ever writ
ten. It has not the slightest trace of
the genius of Mr. Reginald Flipp."
"Thank you," said Crosby, taking the
MS. "I shall not tr6uble you with any
more contributions."
"That must be as pleases you," re
plied the editor. - "Good morning."
- Crosby's experience in other cele
brated editorial rooms was similar to
his first attempt at selling another
man's MS. as his own.
A month later he saw on all the walls
of the city where advertisements were
allowed a flaming announcement set
ting forth that the Illustrated Jngle
had been fortunate enough to obtain a
most remarkable story by Reginald
Flipp-this name in tremendous letters
-entitled "The Parting of the TVays."
The announcement ended with the in'i
mation that the story would appear in
the next number, and readers were ad
vised to order their papers ahead, so
that there might be no disappoint
ment.
When Crosby saw this announcement,
he nmote his clenched fist against the
wall and said:
"Now I know there is no honesty in
this world."-Luke Sharp, in Detroit
Free Press.
THE SHORTEST WAY.
And It Afterwards Proved the Safest Way
as Well.
The most direct course is generally
the safest in all relations of life. An
anecdote given of a young French offi
cer in "Memoirs of Count Segur" illus
trates this truth, as well as his bravery.
At the time of the recognition of the
independence of the United States a
Frenchman named Linch distinguished
himself, particularly at the memorable
siege of Savannah.
M. d'Estaing, at the most critical mo
ment of that sanguinary affair, being
at the head of the right column, di
rected Linch to carry an urgent order
to the third column, which was on the
left.
These columns were then within
range of grape shot from the enemy's
intrenchments, and on both sides a
tremendous firing was kept up.
Linch, instead of passing through the
center or in the rear of the columns,
proceeded coolly through the shower of
shot which the French and English
were discharging at each other.
It was in vain that M. d'Estaing and
those wlhp surrounded himn cried to
Linch to take another direction; he
went on, executed his order and re
turned by the same way, while his
friends watched, expecting to see his in
stant destruction.
"Why did you choose such a road as
that?" said his general on seeing him
return unhurt. "You must have ex
pected to perish a thousand times."
"It was the shortest way," answered
Linch, and without another word re
turned to his usual position.
He was afterward promoted to the
rank of lientenant general.-Youth's
Companion.
-She was "playing read," and eon
eluded her story thus: "The little bor
took out his penknife, and cut oft thu
head of the cow, And, sure enough, in
less than a wdek that was t1h loa. of
the GoW*"
_TI*E., RECIPROCITY HUMBUG.
Losses to American Commeeee nader Re
publican Rule.
In August, 1890, M4.. Blaine, recog
nizing that there was a growing de
mand -fo'e 1amger natrkets; asuggestpd.
"recipmcrgty' as a alliativ. of theovild
of preceioq. . Ir a mpieeoh delivered at.
Waterville, Me., August 29, 1890, Mr.
Blaine salid:- "I'in hletr e -speak of an
expansiam of our fOetign trade." Lom
paring the returns for 1889, he declared
that'"rith the countries to the south of
ns we had by commerce "lost" $142,
000,000 in one year. With Cuba we
"'lost" amiordling to Mr. Blaine, 641,
000,000, as we imported $52,000,000 and
exported only 011.000,000. With Brazil
we "lost" $:1.000,00, importing $860,
000,000 and exporing .89,000,000. With
Mexico we "lost" 810,000,000, buying
821,000,000 and selling rlf,00;oo000. That
was Mr. Blaine's idea of commerce;
that wsh his plea for "reciprocity."
Turning now to. the record of 1893,
under recipr'ocity wq' find an alarming
condition infinitely worse, according to
Mr. - Blaine'a philosophy, than in 1889.
In 1892 we "lost" with Cuba $60,000,000,
as against 640,000.000 in 1889, importing
878,000,000 and exporting only $18,000,
000. With Brazil our "losses" in 1892
were 8104,841,781, as against $51,052,723
in the "'dark year" of 1890. In 1892 we
imported 8118.0833.004 and exported only
841,240,009. With Mexico our "losses"
in 1892 were $13.813,526, against 0$9,700,
705 in 1889, our imports being $'28,107,
525, our exports only 813,60,581.
Throughout the record is the same.
The discrepancy between imports and
exports Is growing at an enormous rate,
and if this discrepancy represents a
"loss," as Mr. Blaine contends, then we
aqp rushing headlong to ruin.
*That there should be some increase
in our exports was inevitable. Every
obstruction, natural or artificial, les
sens commerce; every removal of an ob
struction increases the volume of com
merce. The relaxing of the protective
principle led to an increase in ex
changes, but absolute free trade would
have led to a fair exchange and to
larger exports. Of course this discrep
athcy between imports and exports is in
no sense a "loss," but it has its lesson.
Brazil. Cuba and Mexico offer us their
products at prices we are willing to pay,
and so they sell to us in great quanti
ties.
We offer to Mexico, Brazil ano Cuba
products of our mills at prices greater
than those named by Germany, France
and England, and so our neigibors send
their orders across the water. Com
merce will continue to run in these
channels until we revise our tariff for
our own benefit; until we relieve our
own people, mianufactuirers and con
sumers of outrageous burdens and en
teycompeti~+1*. markets on equal terms
with other nations. What we 'need is
not reciproeity, but free trade. We
must be able to show all nations that
our manufacturers do not need "protec
tion;" that they are able to hold their
home markets against all comers and
are ready to undersell Europe in any
American market.
Our protective tariff is a proclama
tion to all nations that the American
manufacturers cannot compete on
equal terms with the manufacturers of
Europe. What would be thought of a
city merchant who advertised that he
could not Bell goods at prices named by
his competitors? That is what Amer
ica does with its protective tariff and
its alleged treaties of reciprocity.
For these reasons we should abandon
the hypocritical pretense of reciprocity
and substitute for it the offer of Jeffer
son's "free commerce with all nations."
But other reasons remain for this
change. A Washington dispatch says:
"Spain has imposed an excise tax real
ly equal to the duties remitted by the
McKinley bill."
The same dispatch says the Brazilian
government is also making trouble over
the treaty with that country, "but it
is not japparentlk violating the treaty
so flagrantly as the government of
Spain. It was understood when the
schedules of discriminations in favor of
the United Stated were made that the
general scale of Brazilian import duties
might be raised. The discriminations
in favor of this country were based
upon reductions of 25 per cent. on the
duties levied on imports from other
countries, whatever those might be.
Brazil took advantage of this arrange
ment to raise her dutiable schedules
after the reciprocity arrangement
wasmade, and she was obliged to
do so in order to obtain sufficient
revenues for carrying on the federal
government."
Well, America needs this duty-which
must ultimately be paid by the con
suimer-as much as it is needed by Spain
or BraziL A slight tax on coffee and
on sugar would relieve the treasury of
its embarrassments and supply the de
ficit in the revenue. Abolish reciprocity
and give us as near an approach to free
trade as the necessities of our govern
ment justify.-Louisville Courier Jour
nal.
--Col. Clarkson doesn't know just
what the republicans are going to do at
their Louisville May party, but he is
quite sure they will adhere to "protec
tion and sound money," and he hopes
thP organization will "make human
right, liberty and fair election still its
cardinal doctrines." In other words,
Col. Clarkson wants the republican
party to rally for the congressional
elections of 1804 around the same ban
ners that the voters hauled down and
trampled on in 1890 and 1892. Mr.
Clarkson will do the democratic party a
great favor if he will just keep the re
publicans to their platform of force
bill, McKinley tariff and monopoly
finance.-St. Lcuis Republic.
-In addition to the rumor of the
establishment of a one hundred mil
lion-dollar rival to the Carnegie inter
eats, which may be only a rumor, other
big iron and steel plants in that region
are being started or enlarged, while
Carnegie himself is taking steps to
greatly increase his productive capac
ity. This does not look like these men
believed in their old campaign cryv that
Cleveland and a revenue tariff would
drive them out of businee..-louieville
CVonier..Jourat.
PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY.
The Deepleable Polley of Calaminty-Iowl.
lag Itepublicaus.
One of the most deplorable features
developed by the financial difficulties
which the -present administration is
called upon to encounter is the un
patriotic attitude assumed by those
who are professedly the spokesmen of
the republican party. They were hot
content with the persistent misrepre
sentation of the purpose and the policy
of the administration which led to an
official contradiction from the presi
dent They still magnify the da-t-era
and misrepresent the course which will
be pursued in averting thorem. Nothing
could be more complte: 4, more ex
plicit than President Jjeland's 4e
nigl. He meetsall point f assault by
saying that qilver redemption has not
at any time "been determined upon or
contemplated by the secretary of the
treasury or any other member of the
present administration;" and that "the
president and his cabinet are absolute
ly harmonious in the determination to
exercise every power conferred upon
them to maintain the public credit, to
keep the public faith and to preserve
the parity between gold and silver and
betwveen all financial obligations of the
government"
There is not a weak point in this
comprehensive assurance which parti
sanship can attack, and party mean
ness is thrown upon its inventive re
sources. Stories of eSry conceivable
kind are manufactured with no other
purpose than to impair public confi
dence in the administration, and are
made the basis of editorial attacks
aimed at the same unworthy result.
The disgruntled and discredited repub
lican leaders would rather weaken the
hold of the democratic party than to
avert a great financial calamity. They
would rather serve their party than to
serve their country. They invoke di:
aster with a hope of leading the people
to believe that it was brought upon
them through the weakness and mis
management of a democratic adminis
tration. -
in this policy of desperation there is
the fatal mistake of having underesti
mated the wisdom, strong common
sense and patriotic spirit of the people.
They are far from being engulfed in
the ignorance which the republican
calamity howlers have assumed as a
basis for their despicable line of action.
The masses clearly understand that the
danger which menaces the business and
the prosperity of the country is the di
rect result of republican legislation anm'
administration. They see through the
perplexities involving the present ad
ministration the causes which pro
tduced them. An emptied treasury. an
impaired gold reserve and a silver l'aw
that increases treasury notes with only
silver bullion behind thc:n are ilega
cics of republican rule. For more than
thirty years the republicans have con
trolled one or more branches of the ad
ministration, and when not able to
make laws to their own liking have
been in a position to defeat such re
formatory legislation as was presented
from democratic sources. Republican
rule not only exhausted the treasury,
but it mortgaged the future by obliga
tionswhich the government must meet
and left untold evils of legislation
which demand time for correction, te
say nothing of the burdens which they
have already imposed upon the people.
But against all this the national credit
is proof, and President Cleveland has
made no mistake in relying upon the
good sense and patriotism of the people.
Their conficdence is not to be disturbed
by those in whom they have so lately
expressed an utter want of confidence.
-Detroit Free Press.
AN OFF-YEAR FIGHT.
The Itepublicans nave an Up-Hill Strug
gle Deforers .Themn.
The present is what is called an off
year, politically, but the Ohio repub
licans evidently propose to make up for
this by the length of their campaign.
They have called their state convention
for the 7th of June. Gov. McKinley
will undoubtedly be renominated, and
the leading issues will be those of
which he is a typical representative.
If, as now seems probable, congress
is called together in special session. we
shall have the McKinley tariff attacked
both in cougress and on the stump in
Ohio simultaneonusly. Gov. McKinley
has a strong and enthusiastic personal
following, but the prestige of the demo
cratic party victory in the national
election is a political wet-blanket for
the other side which only the most in
spiriting campaign rally can throw off.
The absence of definiteness in the pro
gramme of the party in power dulls the
points of attack also. There is nothing
to be gained by under-estimating the
blocks in the way of republican success
this year.-Bloston Traveller.
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
-Mr. Cleveland may not hate
"broken any trusts," but the republio
an party's trust in its own strength hat
been badly shaken up--Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
- Gov. McKinley wants an early
convention and a long campargn in
Ohio. The governor is right. fun
will end with the election. -Detroit
Free Press.
-The democratic party has the
knowledge, the will and the ability to
maintain the public credit and to find a
solution for every question that con
fronts the American people.-St. Louis
Republic.
-It will be recalled that John Sher
man saved Mr. Harrison the unpleasant
task of vetoing a free-silver bill which
ii-ould have bien the product of a edn
gress with a republican majority is
both branches.-N. Y. World.
--Ex-Senator Edmunds, who has
been spending the winter in California
is outspoken in his opposition to Ha
waiian annexation. "I am opposed ti
it." he tells the San Francisco papers
"I do not believe in taking the island
in that way, and having all the respon
sibility of their government, and then
in a few years, give them two UniteJ
States senators, and let whoever has
the most money for these placei
bid for them and get them. This i
what it would mean if we were to aunes
Hawaii, and we might as well Cpoek
it sQUarely in the facO now,"
AGRICULTURAL HINTS.
ADVANTAGE OF SOILING.
Wby It Is More Profitable Than the Time
Honored Pastaring.
The enormnous waste incurred bjrthe
tramping down of. pasture by stocl
wrben the ground is soft or the feed is.
short is too little thought of by farm
ers. Early turning upon the pastures
in the spring, before the ground settles
or the grass gets a start, often does se
rious danange to both land and stock.
The grass is soft and washy and the
shange from dry nourishing food to
that containiag so little nutrition is
often quite serious in it its results.
Under the soiling system more stock
can be kept on a given acreage than by
pasturing; much of the expense of fenc
ing is saved; nearly all of the food
given is available for the formation of
products, as there is no waste of energy
in searching for food and the manure
can be preserved free from waste.
The best crops for soiling are those
rich in nitrogenous matter or protein.
Although smaller crops are usually ob
tained with the legumes (clover, peas,
etc.), than with corn fodder, the fodder
from the legumes is much richer in ni
trogen and hence of more value in the
production of milk, cheese, butter and
beef. The legumes, being nitrogen
collectors, are able to obtain much of
their food supply from the air and sub
soil. They adid to the fertility of the
soil by the decay of their roots, stubble
and leaves, which are left in and upon
the soil when the crop is harvested.
The advantges of clover to the dairy
farmer may be briefly summed up as
follows: It is more valuable than hay
or corn stalks in production of milk; it
obtains much of its nitrogen from the
air, and can be grown with mineral fer
tilizers only; it increases the value of
the manure and it tends to improve the
soil by the decay of its roots, stubble
and leaves, which remain after the crop
is harvested.-WVestern Rural.
FOR FEEDING CALVES.
A Device so Simple That It Needs But Lit
tle Explanation.
Our illustration, reengraved from the
Canadian Live Stock Journal, shows a
plan of feeding calves while running in
the fields, and is so simple as to need
but little explanation. In an ordinary
picket fence, four or more alternate
pickets, as may be required for the
number of calves to be fed, are left
without nailing. -Two strips of wood
an inch wide and two and four inches
broad respectively are nailed on the
front side of the fence to correspond
with the width of the upper and lower
PLAN FOR FEEDING CALVES.
scantlings. The lower portions of the
movable pickets are secured by bolts.
When feeding time comes, the pails of
milk are placed on a platform on the
front side of the fence, the pickets are
dropped to one side, as shown in the
illustration, and when the calves put
their heads through, the pickets are
again replaced, and held in position by
a bolt or block. TIn this way each calf
gets the portion intended for it, as after
a little while each will take its own
place, and there is no sucking of ears,
etc., as happens when they are fed pro
miscuously.
FRESH DAIRY DOTS.
CHURN at 60 degrees in summer.
WVARBLES in cattle can be squeezed
out. Sometimes a sharp knife is
needed to make the opening large
enough.
IT is poor policy to attempt to raise
calves in a pasture in which there is no
shade. It is poor policy to keep cows
in such a pasture.
IF the butter consumeirs would con
sult their own interest they would
never spend a cent in a grocery store
in which butterine is kept.
OF course the are very valuable
cows that are kickers, too valuable to
sacrifice. iBut we never saw a kicking
cow that we would own longer than
we could get her to the butcher's in
proper shape. A cantankerous animal
of any kind is too much bother on the
farm.
DAIRY associations should give con
stant attention to the enactment of
laws that will protect the dairy not
only against bogus butter, but to pro
tect the consumer against the careless
ness or dishonesty of the few butter
makers who have no regard even for
their own best interests. - Farmers'
Voice.
RULES FOR FEEDING.
Well-Balanced Ratton for Hoeres on Av
erage Work.
For horses on average work a well
balanced ration that would be satisfac
tory may be composed of ten pounds of
corn fodder, six of corn meal and six of
wheat bran. A good ration for horses
that wou-ld include straw could be made
as follows:. Ten pounds of wheat straw,
six of corn, six of wheat bran and two
of linseed meal. Linseed meal has
proved to be an excellent feed as an ad
dition to a ration for horses, especially
during the winter and spring.
It is encouraging to note, says a
writer, the interest taken in the matter
of the economical use of fodders and
feeds for farm stock, yet it must be re
membered that scientifically prepared
rations do not take the place of good
judgment in feeding and handling the
animals. Feeding canbot be done by
any fixed rules. The principlesof feed
ing must be adapted to the conditions;
the individuality and character-of the
animals, their age, the period of milk
flow, the kind and the quality of the
products which furnish the food com
pounds, are all variable factors, and de
mand that minor changes be msade in
rvles aPplicable in speeife casew
THE ROAD PROBLEM.
Views That Are Not as Chimerical as
They IMay Seem to Many.
In former articles I have endeavored
to set forth the iipportance of thorough
drainiage. 'l'his having been scientific
ally'dose- -w6 have a foundationi on
which to build a superstructure. Up to
the present time .ate great roads of the
world have been made of stone, and
where it is available it is questionable
if a better material can be used. But
as this is an age of great discoveries
and inventions may we not reasonably
ejpect something from that quarter
that will take the place of and even
supersede the use of stone entirely? It
has been discovered that the earth is
full of that beautiful metal aluminum,
that in the near future will to a great
extent supersede the use of iron in all
our farm machinery, vehicles of all
kinds. household and cooking vessels,
in building bridges, houses, etc.-in
fact, there is no end to the uses it can
be put to. Then why by the aid of the
chemist may not some process be
evolved that will in some cheap way
harden the very earth now lying in the
roads we use?
Again, I think it not impossible to
construct some kind of a transportable
machine by which to manufacture a
brick or block by pressure made from
the earth of which our roads are now
made combined with some cheap sub
stance or chemicals that will cause it to
harden, making it impervious to water
or the effects of frost Who knows but
electricity may be a icading factor in
road making? The inventions of the
nineteenth century seem very great,
particularly to a man who has noted
the progress of invention, science and
art in the world for the last sixty years.
After what has been dclone who dares to
question the possibilities of the balance
of this century?
Imagination has pictured to my mind
the possibility of results named. Vere
American genius to invent a process
and a machine to accomplish the end
suggested and made free of patent tax
by the purchase of the right by the
government for the people and the
work done by convict labor it would
very largely solve the road problem.-A.
Failor, in Breeder's Gazette.
GRAFTING OR BUDDING.
Two Methods in Use Among the Nursery
men of America.
If the quality of the fruit is not what
it should be, in any thrifty archard,
better varieties may easily be obtained
by the selection of cions, early and
spring grafting or by budding aInter in
the summer. There are scveral meth
ods of grafting in use among Lursery
men, but it is not necessary here to de
scribe mno'e than two, splice grafting
and cleft grafting. In the former the
cion must be near the size of the stock
it is grafted upon. Cut the stock off,
with a smooth, loug, upward stroke of
the knife. The cion, which should be
four or five inches long, must be cut in
like manner in such shape as to fit
nicely upon the stock having some por
tion, if not all, the wood and bark on
both fit exactly together so that the sap,
flowing through the cellular tissue of
the former will pass without obstruc
tion into that of the latter.
In cleft grafting a limb of twice or
more the diameter of the cions is sawed
square off and split down the middle
two inches or more. The cleft is held
open by a wedge driven down on one
side, while cion, cut wedge shape, is in
serted in the opposite part of the cleft.
The wedge is then removed and another
cion, cut in like manner, is put in its
place. Great care must be taken to
bring the bark, or rather the inner
bark, of the cion and the stock exactly
together before applying the wax. In
both forms of grafting a c':oating of
grafting wax must be carefully spread,
with a thin wooden blade, upon and
around the cut portions of wood. This
should be wrapped around with strips
of muslin and tied securely. Grafting
wax was made by melting resin, three
parts, with beeswax one part and tal
low one part. If too thick add more
tallow, if too thin more resin. (lo to
your neighbors, or send to friends at a
distance, for cions of such varieties as
you desire, and this should be done at
once. Keep them in a cool, moist place
till you are ready to use them. The
number of successful grafts you make
will depend mainly upon the care taken
in putting them in.-Western Rural.
TO RENEW OLD VINES.
Cut Them Entirely Back in the Fail or
Early Spring.
In order to get straighter and larger
canes as well as better clusters of fruit
on good vines that may be old and
scraggy. I have found that the best way
is to cut the old vine entirely back in
the fall or early spring. The roots be
ing strong the new canes will come up
large and straight and may be trimmed
to a trellis as one wishes. I prefer the fan
system ig Fig. 2. Others like the fuller
systeima Fig. 1. There need be no fear
of losi'g the vine. The only loss will
be one season's grapes, which will be
more than repaid by better fruit there
after. By cutting back a little each
year one can get grapes on new canes
that will be ornamental as well as fruit
ful. To get large and more fruit, prune
in the summer. Fall pruning gives
more vine.-H. IB. Preston, in N. E.
Homestead.
Good Roads for Farmers.
Our farming interests are always the
basis of the public weal. Here the na
tional wealth originUees, and as the
state owes so much to the farbung com
munity, it is sigpIj common s~a~se to
furnish to the firmers, as far as prac
ticable, excellent highways.-Maj. Gen.
0. 0. Howard.
THE heifer calf does not need ferten
ing food, It needs plenty ot lwon ant
mnalnle-oSirmin toed.
HOUSEHOLID BREVITI5E.
---Sour Milk Graham Gems i-Bea't to-4
gether one cup of sour milk gr, crea, r.,
one teaspoqnful of salt and~half a teas
sapoonful of soda. Stir in a 'cup ani'd '
half of graham flour, and bart iotw,
greased gem pans.-Boston Gloe. -.
-Steamed Oat Meal.-Place rolled
oats in a basin, add water enougib4ols
cover, salt to taste and soak foz %wo
hours; steam two hours in any steam
cooker. Serve with maple sirup, milk
and sugar, or milk alone is very good&-~ r
Orange Judd Farmer.
-Lettuce Salad.-Beat the yolks of
three eggs with five tablespoonfuls of
good vinegar, a tablespoonful of sugar,
a little salt, a bit of butter. Stir to
gether in a saucepan, over the fire, un
til a smooth dressing is formed of the
consistency of cream. Pour over tha.
lettuce.-Housekeeper.
-Cake TWithout Eggs.-Two-thirds
cup sugar, one-third cup butter, two
thirds cup sweet milk, two cups flour,
two heaping teaspoons baking powder.
Stir butter and sugar together, then
add inilk and flour, beat well. Season
to taste. A pinch of salt improves all
cake.-Detroit Free Press.
-Rhubarb Pudding.-Wash and peel
the rhubarb, cut it in inch pieces, stew
until pulpy with a little juice. Sweeten
and thicken with corn starch, stirred
smooth in cold water. Cool in molds
or side dishes. Serve with sugar and
cream to which a sprinkle of nutmeg
has been added.-Hlousekeeper.
-Salt pork can be served in a variety
of ways to break the monotony of salt
pork. If thin slice. are dipped in fliqour
and fried a light brown, and then
dipped in a batter, made from one
beaten egg, a pinch of salt, and thick
ened with floui, returned to the hot fat
and browned again, it will be found
delicious.-Ladies' World.
-Egg Graham Gems. -To two cups
of cold milk and water, mixed in equal
proportions, add the beaten yolks of
two eggs, stir in two cups of graham
flour, with which a teaspoonful of
sugar and a half a teaspoonful of salt
have been mixed, then add the whites
of the eggs beaten stiff. Beat well,
pour into greased gem pans and bake
half an hour, or until brown.-Boston
Globe.
-Flannel Cakes.-Beat six eggs very
light, stir in them two pounds of flour,
one gill of yeast, small spoonful of salt
and sufficient milk to make a thick
batter. Make them at night for break
fast; and at ten in the morning for tea.
Have your griddle hot, grease it well
and bake as buckwheat. Butter and
send them hot to the table, commenb
ing after the family are seated.-Boston
Budget.
-Salmon.-Turn a can of salmon
upon a deep platter and pour over it
drawn butter prepared as follows: Put
two tablespoonfuls of butter into a
saucepan, and when it is melted sprinkle
in a tablespoonful of fdwer and stir it,
without browning, until it is well
cooked; add slowly boiling water un
til it is of the right consistency. Pour
it through a gravy strainer; add salt,
pepper, and another spoonful of butter..
-Housekeeper.
-Dolly Varden Cake.-One-hialf cup
butter, two-thirds cup milk, one cup
sugar, one-half cup sirup, two cups
flour, one cup raisins, chopped, one
half cup currants, one teaspoon cloves,
one teaspoon cinnamon, one-half tea
spoon nutmeg, two teaspoons baking
powder, the yolks of four eggs. Light
part-One cup milk, one-half cup but
ter. two cups flour, one and one-half
cups sugar, two teaspoons baking pow
der. two teaspoons vanilla. Bake in
square tins and put together in layers.
with jelly between. Make frosting for
top with remaining white of one egg,
with one cup of pulverized sugar.-De
troit Free Press.
BENEATH THE SURFACE.
The Latest Ideas In Underelothing For Fair
Women.
The quantity, if not the quality, of
underclothing has been much simplified
by the empire and Josephine styles, now
so presvalent, and nowadays it is by no
means unusual for a woman to discard
all petticoats, dressing herself in a suit
of "combinations," and over these wear
ing colored silk knickerbockers of enor
mous dimensions, these, with her dress,
forming all her garments.
Satin breeches. made like the knick
erbockers of a man's shooting suit, very
wide and fully gathered into the waist,
arce in demand in Paris and London.
In some cases these knickerbockers are
lined with flannel; in others they are
made about two yards wide; then again,
they are of surah frilled with lace, or
of satin, buckled beneath the knee.
Thinking over the details of these
underclothes, one is tempted to recog
nize a strong measure of reason
in their adoption; they are certainly
just as warm as the innumerable
petticoats, they are infinitely more
comfortable, and when frilled with lace
and tied with ribbons they are just as
decorative. Combination garments
uniting chemise, petticoat, and knick
erbockers have become wondertfhlly
popular, and are exceedingly pretty
when made in accordion-plaited, light.
colored suiah or of shot silk, trimmed
with lace.
Tweed knickerbockers are considered
abroad quite the thing to wear with
tailor-made walking costumes, a very
wise precaution indeed, for nothing can
be more revolting to gaze upon than a
white petticoat which has been worn
on a muddy day, and no amount of
care can prevent its bedraggled flounces
from soiling the chaussure. A woman
who wears for walking knickerbockers
and gaiters under her skirts comes
home in a trim condition very pleasant
to see, and the fatigue of holding up a
train and several petticoats to keep -
them from dipping in the mud having
been spared to her, she is generally in
a charming temper, a fact which en-.
chants husbands and rendes's them
great advocates of the *'knickerbooker
craze."-N. Y. Tribune.
Charlie-I don't understand why tea
tune has never smiled on me.
Ethel Knox-She must have .o,~- ~
looked yo, ela she 3hla3kghadrl4and.Io