one of ur our
a remedy that ces eve
' . worst r
-o
a it in over. eleven hundred
never failed excep:in two cases
hunder humor.) Hellas now in. his
. essoa over two hundred certificates
it- value, all within twenty miles of
th. Send po l card for book.
-ene-it is alwa E p ced from the
If the stomach I or blious it will
cause squeamish feelis at first.
When ve ii, IrA4
No chang one of det ever nece at
weeds a remedy that cures evero
" bese ocbest you can g theworst Suof it.
over two hundred cetiat beds
iste.-- Sold otlcard or bruis k.
t-m.Um Sold by al Drungglits;.
poECE
4 V.OF
II
"I
ri: - I
W~onuWash QUICKLY?
ou Wash EASILY ?
SW...sh fTOROUaL -
W cI use
'..
-"~c - = a + , . r + . . .
•  .. .+,,+,. +
Rioq.de -, rte.:.. ý y;-,
lo daiers at he 1L'
sillgs? W- t a
rreane. or o
• - .  e,'thei " n .
this year' tbo douwbld e the -o y1so
she iibanow gives amhP a a o ,tp.t4
ilesper a r.
 ihis -iTn If spakstwe • fe.a - p om
a-It's the eatue et of
twihe fencing ofany It heto ur
nteresto mrtteo r
d tescrib n, itholds thei
the largest; 'and -moat opldte l of I
smooth wire feaclng. now protnoo: by aay I
ontheple ntin the contry.
Sea theirad. ese*oerse in this pap
oTiai Docoa-"Queer saying thatei about "
truth iinaff at tl. bottom of a re i." 'Te-l
Lawser -You ulddn& think so if you
know the amount of pumping w lawyrs
sometimes have to:do to geot at it-Bo to 
Traveler.
Tea Public Awards the Palm to lale's i
Honey of aorehnound and Tarfor Pcoughs.
Pke'sToothache Drops ureinon minute.
* "Din man dat ain't got nufllua' tsr do,"siid 1
Une Bbon-, "'Copin' tor kill te, gin'rall. s
neds mo'ber dan de boss oh a fact'ry.-. s
nuin gton a tar. .
It's the feature of a
the DnIONG V ti
Pat. Hook and el
Eye. No matter Al
how you twist K. _ "
and turn, itholds r'
the-eye in place.,, ti
Bend two cEnt akapti
iotlh nsame and ad- st
malt cou Mother Gooe. n nev clothes al
--contlainin Yen colorpatese * ltre bla
and white picture.; and lots ,e ltisstg P
flfsasascor C* DainErs..ao5. PSi5 W
-.. i A mau sow in oo i
/ oa t w l m e a-l e of sn
t b be aat :t-ti atli a :old, /d ad
i.s ta&i reg-. tp" t ihseH Wi.tte` of - oe o 81i
lrowuci .she hoirrld be saltlow in good rn
oin itisn will raise a -litter f pigs, b
Svoe dor sie ii , auber,.sthat will be
e 0 orth more to feed or breiod nthan'two
s ould be ae & d froiia syoung, lean hait d
)of ýe 40 s4ar k'd. nTherefore 0t not ask ar
.:her to . a itter until she is at- =2
las possible.D months old. Whet bred foo
ooh~ ould be small kptgi qanityr anu' t
oo may be feppid iberallt is common
gives food of a,- bpion -at;d-muisciebmWish -
tpractice to -bllor the boars to -amth or
the sows, and the bkepgrwi litte , t
does not know when his sows will
row. e ahotld beawhe lowed to ran th oth
ors in- as frture r larges lot. Aow eek be- i
Sfe shts . Theno farrow, which will ha
aboa t 10f date 4,' ,.6fter breeding- ye
ale's for th be period ho@ geslatidon by a
nogs.ew i from 113 tq -U lid . arys-sheg er
nt e sould be placed.in " small -iot, n  if
o,"ediid which is the farrowing pen.- She,
Ir'ra should be bewalls hisahadI lulk (l)and
e unproi. tablenessof heekte fraising.
should be small inul, is itba and age
suceh a nature as to keep the bowels "e
loose. In Mis ippi itteis a commonen
practice to allow the b As toberu ith
-the sws, and the - beow eder, tbher .e P
does not know when his faows will far pen
row. He lowsthemto it comfwithotable me
winterhs, and uropen orishes them no special on
sumlace to frrw. Thunni en roundthe pigsde o
are killed by other hogs, laid upon by me
the mother, obout six ed in ans mprop
or nest, he bewails his hardlutck (?) land k
the bouteproftn ncbleness oide hoguld be raising.
His bad luck, as usual, Is bad manage- wo:
me will givet, the piggieof la s or igp of
ranue. If it pays to keep a sw tonraise
igl it cernoinly does not pay o to let
thoe pigs, die, whpen a little attens
tion might invo ne theg mas before lk
aowed, the nw shonld beeput  in a an°
smallo i~otin which is- sa faoowing pen,
abot-, -week before arrowing. This an
o pe should be about ten feet square beg
atnd closed o ake win comfortable in til
winter and open for the same reason in theu
summerndane Runningwh roen the sides of P
the bould no haboe t sixre incheof sto a
the foor and parallel by a it, ha plarnke
t this will give the piggiery coplae of age
safethou, wbere tak the mothercan neither of
crmeush nor smother them. Thisalone GoiI
ill save enough pigs are pay for the tytl
shole puhose, or penwith theirter a lit- g
tie short or fin. farmers consider he
lowed, but in, summer the bare . pocf prom
or ground is preferable. -Many a man able
out of kindness gives his sew a large sit
thibed, thereby furnishing oher moans nt
of smothering would the woulg. If the
sow hts worth keeping she ish worth thin
Watching at farrowing time. A man thei:
who for any reason is not in actual at- The:
tendanee when the sow Is fnotarro g taki
should not hssae the care of stock, rising s hic
many a pig maybe savedbya little are whie
arst this tireme. If it is tvery cold thepigs a n
should be taken from the sow and take
placed in a basket filled with rags, or
something similaro to keep the wtnrm. oiter
Shortly after the pigs are all born, they th9th
should be put back with their mother. thor
I am aware that most farmers consider nude
this too much trouble, and I agree that
this time would not be well l-oupent oo
the caring for ralsorbacts, but if one is a
se n f orth feeding, has been should grad
themy uch ttend she wl a the loss of a tin
pplitter of pis s the loss f chappensiderable abli
quirestl accustomed to lookingll in ftertheding
dthe mils to make stoc raising suc
cesstion for the suincrcceasedssful raising of
pigs to consume it. I the sow be ed -T
too mck, above all othe pthings, requires other
close, personal attention to the details the a
of management and feeding. For the
fiourst three daee, is afthe resultng the with
sow should bs confiiv ed to the lotp than
During the first week she should re= on fC
ceive little more than enough to sus- orho
tin her, and it musothig shobeld be fed
any that s calculaed to produce an ts growthge- nd t
feeow ofmik. the bromo othe end ofrtm con-t st
week to the end of the third weekr the the c
food should be gieadall increammsed andmilk migh
from th or peas and somae green todder inhal
oled ntall they a weaned the sea anr
should ge t all the lkprdcing food -a
he Ao t a. Ifle feedhas benae ed- natur
naLy Increased she will not lose her mader
the milk supply beinreased in proper- It is 1
pigs toconsume.it. If the sow"be fed -" T
when yo.ngever paysfo-ts feed. The lies in
lift , o ner o, Aa'
k e to bo e ork- for
oao i.Qle ale brte'nch of ats
sh dIar tm-t tiv. t t nmnh a at - e a
dow -s p ta posners iofn.that-w
n,,aid .n.ke them d longs as th
a1" craoir s :nramerte. that they can hiot
lo thi thr. They r. iqre godbu tterholakern a
w soae rano good 4al mangers-men ewho are.
good s lled l thewholc branch of a2odeh a
b e d ameiryin- Ba r men cadrs colhthe tie 
iwo whalt houlde1otthouesand-oihe young
Sgdelei~ saebr Positinn s the at would
t . make them .elpendea- as long as the
hal' dary . kept- Up- The dairy schools
t sl e. turlking with m wea~ay -apeenoe a
k -, Inge mant, who will take ch y geof A
Sbred. c realnerlcs cP4airics in the ftr's'e, and p
Sthainsome interesting. basis, bnont mesa
tt two owhile couldi*at thousandgoilhE yousng
ly, if boys osil our,-farms begin to fit thenre '
-mals- selte fr- positions oh the fagr that
onthe Would pay thema good wagon .ntil hey ae
e tt could stat int e erenced fat.ssAt
, f1:In -talking with wealthy .i man t
,n irer. recently, 's ho own r a large. fanrm
A, i firmning as it should be under- p
She Itood today A great many of the asp
little pilcants who answer . my adlvetise
fod }bents are either alovenlyand wasteful ',
d o in itheir methods, old-fashioned in the M
nvels notions about farming methods} igs- rn
amon rant of the modFern saleteiie farming,
with or so totally laicking in any business
principles that they coohi not nun a
fat' one-acre farm piofitably. The - young
oth- men that apply ai~ just as. bad as the
ecial old: they believe that farming is a los- Mi
liuj business, and they prove it by theh
Sby methods.'. "
ro Here is a text for a whole sermon. et
and Farming pays those- who have money r
sing. toinvest in the business, butit is hard
age- work to t the iht men to tun the
o farmaas.-harmes' MagAzine '
ralse - - i -
Slet sinail rFainers.
'ten- e. find this is a phrase which is die
or liked by many, but it is better to be a del
in a good and suicessful small farmer than
pen, an unthrifty and unsuccessful large
This farmer. TWe often see business men
are begin in a limited way and do well un
te in til they get aspiring. No sooner have
n in they made a little atney thani they t
s of spuind odit, buy a larged stock of goods bu
po,,e P yrtly ot chiefly On credit, and Indulge
na1k n'great expectations"' which fail of -r
ed. realization. Many a man can man- an
e of age a smaller business who gets out t'
Cher of his depth, when he tries to A
lone Conduct a larget one. Or, is: the flue- one
the titl&tooib of trade, the timhes are hot so y
lit. good, he cari not sell the larger stock
a,] he has got together; before times im
t prove many articles becotne anfashion- l
naih able and go down in value and the is- M
vge sie is bankruptcy. Il like manner, ý
ans many farmers who succeeded in a small I o
the way, 'go into this, that, alid the other cas
ºrth thing until they get a bigger burdefl Oh
san their shoulders than they can earry. gre
at- They have a saying out.west a bout men esta
ing taking in more land than they can till,
as which has passed into a proverb to alti
are which there is a mighty moral. It is
igs a rule everyone should observe, not to
md take in more land than he car till, and
or the farmer should obey this nuatim in a ad
literal sense; not satisfying himself ti
ley with superficial of skim cult bre, but ve
Ler. thoroughly tilling every acre -he puts
eir under the plow, or seeds doewr to grass. 1
at 'A iitts farim well tilleda
A tittle barn well Olled.
as a motto'worthy of being a(.opted by Ix
r many -who -ae tempted to do greater Mr.
Sthin~i that they have the capittlt o? mom
ble abilty to aceomplish.--Farmers' Maga- as
sine.
he HERE AND THERE. tor
of -The impression is gaining that neo *
es other plant.will yield more fodder to your
h the acre or give food.which Ean be fed nigh
he with more satisfaction to the stock it
he than sorghutm. t is good with the seed corne
on for fattening horses, cattle, sheep time
or Oh .
ed -Now that the wihter season is he,5e pape
and the conditions df many of oir com- you p
itioin roads renders traffic impossible, 91O0
le the consideration of road improvements notes
Id might- well occupy the minds of every wort
inhabitant of the country who owns ove
an acre of land. Ti
2d -There isa continual advance in the you
. nature of rmethods which might be warf
or madearvailable for general use, butthe l ee
e- actual appropriiation of these methods -Ind
to their own personal use by farmers
Singeneral is a matter of slow growth. mar
- It is well to be conservative, but wrong wit.
to to be old fogytsh.
S -Two things necessary to the best of o
g development of the hbg are plenty ol sot.".
id exercise and Tpjenty of green feed.
Le These are as iportant to their health n
as to their gro.th. Dry feed and close and
y confinement will take all the vigor out pn
d of a hog, and, eyen if he becomes fat, ii
r isan unhealthy development.
- -One secret of successful farming
e lies in the ready, anticipation of what
s- each season's work is to demand of the
a, farmer, and it is in the doing of many
e things out of season, as some short
n sighted people tould look at it. Try fron
Sto transfer a part of the spring work nes
e to the fall and inter months. dorn,
, -The leaving of calves and young .
, cattle out in the field until snow fies The
is neither humane nor profitable. It P
Spays to get alflhe live stock into win- isure
ter quarters before the weather be- h"u to
comes cold, but this applies more espe- 55C
Sially to young animals; but the wise I
Sfartmer gives it a general appliction. t n
-Good roads nd good fensIes are Ir
proofsa indubitable of prosperiby, and Dl
nothing so increases or maintains the
rvalue of realsteate. It is almost to be
wondsred at that the farmer will ever i a
want to be compelledto take. this step
S--a nrp which will- oanten hineasa the SOLI
value of his swampy acres a hiandred
fvld boahel of grain anneesa
vIsly'sd to soek, whhehr it be tofab
tea or to carry through the winter In
good ashape. ta. wasted, and wheneoe
;taddwln c-pieaanbe used as feed forthe
inait m doue, an the a graiI
~brsL'TIIs$ iL
'ri
01
a doeers m t .as Ia -lashe h
_ !7 i 1
ar r ud e- we
f Rou .desadlieco to ugwkne s o
k tet wsoa iitis -e
ke. ateines twa. erene rvoeus I n Id
e f pi ad
nfeup beie uyltaimPhe._a .aket as oueh
ui, d o to ot .: Nat c .reora
ss the Dandl. ehisn ! a pw ;.aptoe th ae
o! e:a.lsted taid ay hokt o.y eman
S ing e fom to wand t
" 41W Ol er ibY aas pefr
farm eieve i n Befon oI had en th contents of
en o n b cahe began teo give me a
y. ieii 'dy a and son it lef t te on a
oatesot ni i put`d It fsut to tlat with aloo
ea physti a ndrtionsr, had t by n ali r t
aise. Wi each o of : is Pink t ,u nd as ,
other fehow 'lk ar;t mide now miA pno
ttir ue of health. {ell, tst . what Dr.
e the WilWams' Plole filo d ra an, era
"tfdIruh either alt alasd
* Tf Water tie lo tw mthou spilling a drep,
maY o"" the ens t ner o"ner ameod asgentla
g hwitI an tf ononthasln d
Sre to bwoa sc d "ebo the cplou ntea
.ung boa Dr. WDlliam.' lin Pills." . "Ye
a h BY1Ihes fletjd),s on ho Rn -y- t
Lea' heloine to~nchreporter ugane
bhel and the latter, afterailha hadheard, though
so toto o.ith
Dr. Williams' Plnk Pills contain all the
non* element.s onessary to give new i1fs ande
ney ribneos ito the blood af oto, shattered
hard They1 for male b druggts
iperD golf o oft oozes for t'|l-
Ast O claimode the cannia cies of,
imsatnhia..lt li.;,hitt kind of a minister
I""io tnhet s ado dinner?" "Your dcx-.
ie hey:." o.his-- companion, ,l should
"Rawinupn that politene.salways pays,
my boy" said t het tbnevol nt old genema
otr rcti oy, n"but I'd rather have a ickel
eyan yer blacking shoe.'-Pi
Dods burgh ni. ..Tlegrame.
an- aine'tr"hs a -remheoan temper atureyabt
Iotu e mr.n ..r.tu y lo4G-" Oh,.er. b r
noout main eitf-iw I"-Truth. wasebou -
tB AurLs tMhe friend)-"p don't soe bow any 4
bud-one can helloving Blanche." ertrue
a s Omen rival)- the can't help it herself."
i aDn- Anespotilsmod custom on the ward ne.
o are not content to, know that things are;
o e .ask whether they ought to be.-J. .ii
yorl Is only mea ns of obtaining it.-Rochefou
:her could: .
die Its whod cmes up to his- own idea of
' greatness must aiwey hare had o a very lowt
men standard of Int in minmlpd.-Rusldn.e
poer envoen. n the most despotic, rests
1Pnl ny 8yV LdtS be.--otiost -l _o ___.
o tA.n os-"Ol man irankus says he
nd bs onsienthey sreupept uagainat going to
oupu Soundst --Wby, how's that?"
in a idadsoohn-"We, t you see, he i a prohi-l
.utlt nlsan trouti td a a moon Europe he would
botvesseL"-N. YM. Tribune.p ron on
y l __Irt makles us see wht will serve to ass
euse others; and not perselve what may
justify themn.-Btshop Wilson.
by Ix the Southnea.-"Surely yen remember
ter Mr. Twaddles who-preached the Gospel to
a yo tribe ten yerso" "Oh, yeso I ro'
mejfk r .him very w He was idhelcous."
BA nTor Is the first present nature gies
to women end the firt i takes a eway.
ne "MADAM." said the new boarder, "one of
to youer family came very near dying last
ed night." "Indeed. I was not aware that
ah l anyone n ll. Who was it" "The man
m ,next to mne w ho payed th-m
ined cornet till three a. mn. He stpped just in
ime to save his lif."-Detroit Free Press.i
OnSnAc and icontradictio are like a
you pull agin--s th----ao.
c, "Ocsr. steamships are likeromissory
itsnoes $ said 8eHicks. "You don t begin to
Sworry oe frem t than iat esttausa a
IOA -
l  "j' .,f ..t:la'lir s l" ' A lt . .l
ate dltectl on thebloqd ad mucous -
I face of tie system. Send lortidarnmel.
froe
B ae O C., rToleo, 0.
kSkalat imeP-llifeý1. "
War are wow. not so much beip
omed as by beinge eae icssee wtn
Vrw einceh Iirdse
In tah elemenots that suler the' human sys
teal with bone, musclefn brai. n substmce
acdroulatloi ed  lled with tbhe supj
:tonk.a, ostette's .tomacr Bitters,~iib
bode sddithoroesogh nalaireand.itio
a gives a healthful impulse toevery fun
tion of the body. Dyspeptic and weakly
persons give strong testimony in its kehsalL
SIo do those trouled with bilfousnes,
me  rhoumlm. , oonstipation ind4n
Jopm,--"r didn't know Col ' lood
smoked." Brown-'Did you thinkhe odrak
anl the temso'-LLeas
twe Cleums t aohe s s
.actalr, yet gently, when eostive-.r b.
ions orr. w oe the blood n. impure or alu
gish, to permanently ours habitual cousti
psion, to awaken the kidneys and lihver toa
heatlhy activity without irritating or weak
ening them to dispel headaches, olds or
fevers, useyrup of Tigs. -
Iv ist a sum .evidence of theb., ýhan.
innooence of the beholder i the senses u .
alive to tho beauty of nature.--Thormau..
Piso's Ccne curoed' me of a Throat and
Lung trouble of three years' standing --.
C.nDr, Huntington, lad., Nov. 12,i95.
Tanin are probabl as good Ash ln thems
Sover wore lioed abouL-Yonkers •Stes
sure Eyse oured.
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve neveasils to
do this; 2o at alldn dru stores.
Is the conceit was taken out of come peo
ple there wouldn't be enough of o'em left to
hang clothes on.-Tezas6 11tinso .
"BYto, w nI, ]LOxcmr.n Tnocn.s," are the
for ronchitis, Asthma and TThroa@Dl es
Spmarrton forco is stronger than material;
thoughts rule the world.-merson.
Bottlebinding.
kould
My You can't judge of the quality of a book by the binding,
man nor tell the contents by the title. You look for the name
he of the author before you buy the book. The name of
It Robert Louis Stevenson (for instance) on the back guaran-
tees the inside of the book, whatever the outside may be.
Itre There's a parallel between books and bottles. The
binding, or wrapper, of a bottle is no guide to the quality
of the medicine the bottle contains. The title on the bottle
is no warrant for confidence in the contents. It all depends i
* on the author's name. Never mind who made the bottle
Who made the medicine? That's the question.
Think of this when buying Sarsaparilla. It isn't the
)aa binding of the bottle or the name of the medicine that.:
Syou're to go by. That's only printer's ink and paper I The
question is, who made the medicine? What's the author's
M it name? When you see Ayer's name on a Sarsaparill b bo
tie, that's enough. The name- Ayer guarantees the 'best,
and has done so for 80 years.
tow
he
hi .Absoluteli Pure-Dellouss-Nutrifious.
uld
The Breakfast. Cocoa
lay WA l Ba ac°'CO. u-
IDOMESlR~ SMASS.r .-,,.
C STS LESS THAN ONE CENT A CUR
NO CHMItCALUI
ALWAYS ASK ,YOUNftlOER FOR
tof ON EVERY CAN.
at *AVOID IMITATIONS.
he
in
Stop Naturally!
You Don't Have
to Swe ar
off! 9.
sa To D nmi
p ounds in felt
ea d CUARAhet
by and s AA bTSR ...
t y S oura ownd
,Ois e .., oat.
DUNCAN'S LINIMENTtEN
e hRhe oeum atio .....
OItbveuymu AZ.L. esys: hi,,,ie-e .I s...
A6 ALIPOLRMA~~ N
Weaae ~ ýem'"e tie Sot
ts
S Morill
Rea" 6bir V swiew o
venom -b 6
hm - L3~·3~ia;j;
urn-b
WRI~~~iN. Ta 53A
~c. IM wm -r Ib £d~lgmusLaS'
,u3