Sr6sýeo. .... ea
at the Moss armacy.'
Miss Dora i' me ~geaux," r
Breaux Bridge, was in Lafayette
last week.
Exquisite perfumes and toilet
soaps at Moss Bros. & Co.'s (Drug
Department.)
Remember that all kinds of com
mercial printing will be promptly
and neatly done at this office.
The Otto Krouse Company has a
first-class band.
Alexis Voorbies, the well-known
representative of A. Baldwin & Co.,
of New Orleans, was in Lafayette 4
this week.
James D. Cotter, who had been
at work in New Orleans, is spend
ing some time with his family in
Lafayette.
The popular actress, Emma War
ren, will appear at Falk's hall on the 1
:6th of December.
Arthur Voorhies, the genial drum- i
mer from the Crescent City, was t
calling on his Lafayette friends this <
week. I
Mrs. J. J. Davidson returned last
Saturday from -New Orleans where t
she was on a visit to relatives. :
Don't fail to see Maud Atkinson e
at Falk's Opera House on the sgth t
instant.
Judge J. G. Parkerson, father of
Hon. W. S. Parkerson, is stopping I
at the Royal.-Picayune, Nov. z4.
Lucien Voorhies, of New Orleans,
was a guest at the home of Major N
J. S. Mouton last Saturday and
Sunday.
Just received a fine lot of silk
four-in-hands at z5c. at the Racket
store. c
Should you need letter heads, bill
heads, statements, envelopes, circu- b
lars, shipping tags, we would like to F
print them for you. Our prices are '
low and we guarantee satisfaction. I
Raoul Jeanmard, of Thibodaux, b
was in Lafayettte Thursday. He h
was the guest of his brother, d
Charles Jeanmard.
D. A. Johness, who is represent- e,
ing McKlosky Bros., was in Lafay- o
ette this week and was the guest of y
his old friends, Paul and Felix De- o
Manade. Mr. Chenson and the Ic
Messrs. DeManade had not met
since thirty years ago. N
Christmas is coming and Moss 0
Bros. & Co. have not been napping e1
over the fact. For further informa- a'
tion keep a watch on their mam- M
moth stock of Toys, Dolls and other "
holiday attractsons that is now ar- R
riving and being offered up for in- dl
spection. C
The office of supesintendent of at
public education is just as impor- it
tant as that of governor. A man
should be selected for that position ye
on account of his fitness and the
question of "political pull" should
be left entirely out in making the C
nomination.
Sore Throat. Any ordinary case ni
may be cured in one night by ap- gi
plying Chamberlain's Pain Balm as T
directed with each bottle. This
medicine is also famous for its cures th
of rheumatism, lame back and deep- ye
seated and muscular pains. For at
sale by all druggists.
Waterworks and electric lights are in
the two things uppermost in the ye
people's mind. All agree that we ot
must and will have them and the a
only question now is how much ev
longer are we to wait. Ci
A fine Alpine hat for 74c. at the
Racket store. b
Judge Farrar, of Richmond, Va.,
delivered his lecture, "Johnny Reb"
at the court-house in this town last at
Wednesdry night. The audience
that greeted the eloquent speaker t
was rather small, but it was very ap- ha
preciative. It is to be regretted on
that more of our people did not
hear Judge Farrar's lecture for it
was entertaining, instructive and in- ye
tensely patriotic.
Dr. Irion's Dental Parlors, over
post office, are always open from er
-3o a. m. to x:3o p. m. and 3 to 5 is
p. m. b_
Otto Krouse's company of per- ta'
formers will appear at Falk's Opera fo
House oa the 29th of this month. mi
The well-known actress, Maud At- all
kinson, is engaged by this company he
which insures for it a good house ag
wherever it gives a performance. an
Why suffer with Conghs. Cold and La. g
G ippe when Laxative Brono Quinine will io
c ire you in one day. Does not produe the 'an
ringing in thO head like Snlphate of Quinine.
Put up in tablets conveni-at for taking. ga
G;uatanteed to cire at money refunded. bu
rtice zS ceunts. For sale by Wan. Clegg
and ,los. Btros. &~ Co., Lafayette, la. . il
I e tate wi that
I s, = hote . Jllery
orit py- hing
tO~ bh date.
 I awi : h6 in 4aye~ttb every -Satur
e~_day" until; then. Please come aearly.
Respectfully,
J. C. HANDLEY,
te Photographer.
The Commltee at Work.
The joint committee of the B. M.
et A. and City Council has not been
Sinactve but quite the contrary.
It has been at work quietly but ef
n" fectually taking pointers and getting
ly all the information obtainable on
the subject of waterworks and elec
a tric lights. Bids for the survey of
the corporation wil be received un
rJ til the soth of this month.
'., The people of our sister town,
te Carencro, had. a distinguished vis
itor during the past week. Bishop
n Meerschaert, of Indian Territory,
who preached the French sermon
in at the coronation ceremonies of
|"Our Lady of Prompt Succor" in
New Orleans last Sunday, was the
r- guest of Father Laforest, the popu
le lar and hospitable priest of Caren
cro. The reverend father came to
a- Lafayette Wednesday and joined
is the bishop who came from New
is Orleans. From here they went to
Carencro.
st It is with pleasure that we note I
re the growth of Miss Msud Boas'
private school. It has already an
n enrollment of over forty pupils and f
h the attendance is constantly increas- y
ing. The following is the roll of
honor for the last month:
First Grade-Ashton Beraud,
g Hermann Plonsky, Paul Debaillon. 3
Second Grade-Genevieve Mou
ton.
' Third Grade-Moore Biossat, t
r Willie Mills, Bertha Hebert.
d Fourth Grade-Eveline Jaufroid.
Fifth Grade-Lucia Vigneaux. a
Sixth Grade-Emily Bailey.
k
t Moss Bros. & Co. sell the best S
cent cigar in town-the *"Smokette."
ll Four thousand and eight hundred b
bales of cotton were shipped from ti
oBroussardville during the season of
x 1892-3. In the following season,
. x893-4, 45oo bales were shipped. v
This year there had been only xo76
' bales shipped up to Nov. zs-not
e half of what was shiped up to that tI
' date last year. A gentleman, who is d
well-posted in such matters, inform- ii
ed The Gazette that the number d
of bales shipped from that point this i
f year would hardly amount to much A
over 2ooo. These figures give an h
e Idea of the shortage. fa
Messrs. C. F. Moore & Co., ti
Newberg, Ore., say: "We sell w
s more of Chamberlain's Cough Rem- g]
edy than all others put together, f
and it always gives satisfaction."
Mr. J. F. Allen, Fox, Ore., says: P.
r "I believe Chamberlain's Cough a'
Remedy to be the best I have han- c,
died." Mr. W. H. Hitchcock, S,
Columbus, Wash., says: *"Cham
berlain's Cough remedy sells well
f and is highly praised by all who use w
it." For sale by all druggists.
DAVIS' WILD CHERRY AND TAR will cure C
Syour Cough or Cold. Soc. and $z.oo. tc
Attention is called to the note ti
added to the advertisement of the st
Columbia Rice Mill in this issue, aj
stating "good quality (Japan Rough) 1
nets considerably more than equal C
grade in Carolina and Honduras." D
This is certainly encouraging to to
those of our farmers who have this gi
year raised more or less of the n'
above mentioned kind, and it is
well worth remembering when plant
ing time shall come around next C
year. Another thing, however, tb
ought equally to be borne in mind, tl'
and that is, the necessity of keeping Fi
every different kind, whether Japan,
Carolina or Honduras, distinct and th
separate--one from the other. Hy- D
brids as the rule are degenerates ta
and it certainly holds true in rice. te
Ladies, get a box of Fire Kindles
at DeBlanc's wood and coal yard.
O,'e little box 6xxas inches contain- at
ing 300 fires. One tablespoonful at
to build one fire. No soiling of the p
hands, no vexation. Full directions B
on each box. Price, 25c. per box.
Constable Malagari brought a at
young man named George Bienvenu re
to town Wednesday and delivered oi
him over .o Hebert Billautd to be l
entered on the list of regular board- pa
ers at the Parish Hotel. Bienvenu dc
is charged with the serious crime of (
burglary and should his guilt be es- si
tablished the future is dark indeed wi
for him. The aflidavit which was as
made before Judge Sidney Greig
alleges that Bienvenu entered the in
house of Alcee Landry some days st
ago and carried away a gold watch S
and chain valued at $ao, $z5 in k
green backs, $3 in silver, xS cents ca
in nickles, two razors, one tin bank se
and a lot of papers. If these Ialle- a
gations be true Bienvenu meant
business and was beat on making a
b ig.haul. - of
Death of Ernest Constantin.
mat Some nine months ago the writer
ry was invited to the home of Mr.
ng Ernest Cons:antin. A number of
friends and relatives had gathered
there to celebrate in a quiet, unos
tentatious way the 49th anniversary
of Mr. Constantin and to wish him
many more years on this earth.
Little did we think then that he had
d. reached the last mile-post of his
en earthly voyage and that we woulo
Y- be called upon to chronicle his
f- death before another twelve-month
ig had rolled by. Though apparently
)n enjoying good health and giving
c- every indication of a yet robust
of conststution, he was only a short
4- distance from that awful moment
when man must give up this life to
go to that undiscovered country.
M, Mr. Constantin was sick several
s- weeks before the end came, and dur
lp ing his sickness he expressed the
Y, opinion that his life would soon be
brought to a close. He seemed to
know that death was near, but he
f feared it not; he saw its approach
in and met it bravely and courageously.
e He died surrounded by a loving
LI wife and devoted relatives, who had
nursed him during his illness.
Ernest Constantin was born in
to this parish 49 years and 9 months
d ago, and his life was spent here
w with the exception of the time he
served in the Confederate army,
having been a member of Company
K., x8th, Louisiana Regiment.
te He was a good soldier and perform
* ed his duties during the war with
commendable devotion. After the
a war he lived some years on his
d farm in this parish and subse
t- quently moved to this town,
of where he remained in business
up to the time of his death.
He was a worthy member of Lodge
3294 Knights of Honor. He was
one of the first to join that society
L in Lafayette and he stood high in
the esteem of his brothers who at
tended his funeral in a body and
performed the last sad rites of the
order over his grave. He was a
member of General Frank Gardner
Camp of Confederate Veterans.
This association followed the re
mains to their last resting place.
His death will be sincerely regretted
d by many who enjoyed friendly rela
tions with him. He was a good
soldier, an honest man, and a useful
citizen.
His funeral Tuesday evening was
L. very largely attended.
Dead Sure This Time.
t We are authentically informed
tthat Mr. J. W. Brown, Jr., of Cam
s den, Ark., will build an ice-factory
in Lafayette within the next ninety
r days. A letter from that gentle
s man to a committee of the B. M.
h A. brings the good news that Mr.
a McGill, manager of the proposed
factory, would soon be here to make
the necessary arrangements to begin
I work at once. The Gazette con
gratulates the gentlemen whose ef
, forts have brought about such hap
py results, as success was not
a achieved in this matter *without a
considerable amount of hustling.
Score "'one horse" on Mossback.
The next "horse" will be the water
works.
Mrs. W. B. Meek, who resides at
, Camptonville, Cal., says her daugh
ter was for several years troubled at
times with severe cramps in the
stomach, and would be in such
agony that it was necessary to call
in a physician. Having read about
Chamberlain's Colic, Cholera and
Dlarrohoea Remedy she concluded
to try. She found that it always
gave prompt relief. It was seldom
necessary to give the second dose.
"It has not only saved us lots' of
worry and time," she says, "but al
so doctor bills. It is my opinion
that every family should have a bot
tle of this remedy in the house.'"
For sale by all druggists.
Dr. Rene Martin was in Lafayette
this week on a visit to his brother,
Dr. G. A. Martin. He had just re
turned from Crowley where he in
tends locating in the near future.
Dr. Martin graduated from the Hi
wassee College in Tennessee in 1878
and subsequently attended lectures
at the Tulane University. He has
practiced medicine in Breaux
Bridge for the last ten years with'
much success, having made a large
and lucrative clientele which he has
reluctantly decided to abandon to
open an office in Crowley which
place offers a wider field for the
practice of his profession. The
doctor is a very enterprising and
popular gentleman and skillfull phy
sician and we have no doubt that he
will be as successful in the future
as he has been in the past.
WVomen know more about clothes
in general than men. We have our
strongest friends among the gentle
sex. They endorse the BUCK
SKIN BREECHES because they
know that they are the best; be
cause the buttons stay on and the.
seams don't rip. Then they like to see
a man's clothes fit. Our pants wear
well, fit well, and look neat.
Remember that we do all kinds
of job printing.
We have received this week from
r Mr. H. S. Kneedler, the author, a
very handsome book entitled.
f " Through . Storyland to Sunset
I Seas." It is an exceedingly well
gotten' up volume, written an an in
tertaining style and furnishes a large
I amount of information concerning
the country along the Southern Pa
I clfic road from New Orleans to the
Pacific Coast. The illustrations are
splendid, 'especially those repre
senting scenes on the Teche.
In Mr. Kneedler's own words:
'"The description takes you where
the roads lead-from the quaint his
totic city of New Orleans through i
the bayou region of Louisiana,
where summer lingers and poetry is
the hand-maiden of romance, across
the sugar and rice and cotton coun
try, into the cathedral aisles of the
vast pine forests. Then beyond,
where the great plains of Texas
reach to far-ott sky lines, through
quaint towns and cities, where for
eign speech and manners mingle
with our Anglo-Saxon civilization.
By the pillared Canon of the Rio
Grande the way leads, and past the
sepulchral cleft which the Pecos has
worn in the bosom of the earth. I
On farther yet are the dim blue
mountains and cacti-covered, tradi
tion-fraught plains of New Mexico
and Arizona; the sand-girdled Gila
and the implacable, mysterious Col
rado that steadfastly rolls to its
union with the California 3ulf.
Then comes the wonderland of the
Pacific Coast-the jeweled, flower- t
begirt valleys and snow-clad peaks
of California; the glint of azure
skies and sapphire seas; of vine-clad
hills and rose-embowered homes '
encircling groves of olive and of
orange. Up the great San Joaquin g
Valley you go, and down the coast
line, with many places of interest on
the way to claim attention. There
is a tour of San Francisco, with pen F
pictures of its points of interest; at
suggestion of the beauties to be seen t
on a run up the valley of the mad c
Sacramento; close skirting Shasta's f
rugged sides; the passage of the r
Siskiyous, down Rogue River Val- t
ley to Portland and the majestic I
Columbia. Then, too, the story
takes you eastward beyond the
Sierras, by Donner's Lake, the wild
Truckee River, the mysterious sink f
of the Humboldt, and to Ogden and i
Salt Lake City, lying close by the
Dead Sea of America."
Read This, People.
The State Agricutural Association
has accepted an invitation and will
hold its next meeting at Lafayette.
The enterprising and progressive
people of that very wide-awake and
push ahead town will show the ap
preciation by giving the associa
tion a fine reception.-Shreveport
Judge.
The Gazette has tried to impress
upon the people of this town the ne
cessity of extending a fitting recep
tion to the State Agricultural Asso
ciation which will meet in Lafayette
some time in January. From the
above item it may be seen what is
expected of us, and it is to be hoped
that the committee appointed by -
the Police Jury will do its duty and I
not let things go by default.
Resolutions of Respect.
To the Officers and Members of Lafayette Lodge
No. 32"9, Knights of Honor:
The undersigned, your committee appoint
ed to draft a memorial on the death of our
brother, Ernest Constantin, which sad event
occurred on the isth inst., beg leave to sub
mit the following:
Ernest Constantin became a member of
our lodge in December, 1885, and by his
death a true and consistent Knight has been
called to his final account. Hlie connected
himself with the order when members here
were few and the lodge was struggling for
existence, and we, who have come after, tes
tify that he was one of those who proved his
faith by his works and thereby materially as
sisted in advancing the cause in this com
munity; therefore, be it
Resolved, That by the death of Ernest
Constantin Lafayette Lodge loses a worthy
member and the community a useful citizen.
Resolved, That in token of our regret for
the loss of our brother, that the members of
Lafayette Lodge Knights of Honor wear the
usual badge of mourning for the period of
thirty days and as a tribute to his memory,
that this report be spread upon the minutes, 3
and a copy duly transmitted to his family.
Resolved, further. That the Lafayette Ad- I'
vertiser and the Lafayette Gazette be re- C
quested to publish this report.
Respectfully submitted by the committee,
A. E. MOUTON, 4
ALBERT DELAHOUSSAYE,
F. DEMANADEe
T. F. WEnBS, JR.,
F. J. MOUTON,
CHtAs. D. CAFFERY.
Lafayette, L.a., Nov. r4, I89;.
A Call.
ISLE PILETTE, NOV. lI, 1895.
To the Gazette:-The Democratic State
Central Executive Committee having fixed
the State Convention at Shreveport for Dec. O
I8S, 1895, and the Democratic Judicial (.om- ti
mittee of this district which met at Abbe- s
ville having called a convention at Lafayette
for Saturday, the a2st day of December,
1895, the members of the Democratic Parish
Executive Committee of this parish are ur- -
gently requested to meet at the court-house
in Lafayetts, La., on Thursday, Nov. 2l, 5
1895, at II o'clock a. in., for the purpose of
taking such action as may be necessary for
the selection of delegates to said conven
tions, and to take such other measures which
may be deemed to the interest of the democ- o
racy of this parish. J. O. BaoUssAan, s
President pro tem.
LOST-From Gen. F. F. Myles' place, 1
mile south of lafayette, a setter bird dog,
block, white and tan. Has been nlost several
1.1~,. Liberal rra:d tus hetr recovery. A
At Moyville.
Mr. A. L. Dyer returned Saturday from
Sunset,,La., where he had purchased two
fine Jersey cows.
Mimes Lydia Leblanc sad Zalme krous
1 sard, two Lake Simonet belles, spent Sunmay
in Royville, the guests of friends.
Misses Nits and Ruby Scranton were vis
iting in Lafayette Thursday.
Amongst some of the wide-awake week
lies adorning "Cherokee's" desk every Sat
urday, the Vermilion Star stands as a fair
I example of a newsy and breezy country
sheet.
A flying-horse apparatus with organ at.
tachment nightly entertains Ioyvilleans with
sweet selections. The few picayunes in cir
culation will find a welcome home.
His many friends will be shocked to hear
of young Flory's horrible death while at
work near Loreauville in a sugar refinery.
The unfortunate young gentleman was clean
ing pipes when he maissed his footing, falling
into a tank of boiling syrup. To the be
reaved parents we offer our deepest sym
pathy.
Joe G. Leblanc was visiting his telatives
at Abbevile Sunday. Joe says "relatives,"
but he means his ,"best girl," too.
A late letter from our friend, Alcibiade
Broussard, informs us that this excellent
young gentleman is hard at work mastering
i every bit of knowledge coming in contact
with him. Mr. Broussard is a State Normal
student, is a self-made man, and we predict
for him a very bright future.
The hot October and November weather
was broken Sunday. Since then. stiff north
winds are being felt, and overcoats and mac
intoches are the program of the hour.
Royville is thoroughly placarded with
circus posters. The corporation jail pre
sents a picturesque appearance in its new
garb.
Dr. and Mrs. Dupleix, with their interest
ing little family of four boys, returned Sat
urday from a pleasant fifteen days' outing
in the Crescent City.
Misses Maud and Rena Young were visit
ing in Lafayette Tuesday.
Dr. Scranton was calling on friends at La
fayette Monday.
Mr. Domengeaux attended Col. Farrar's
lecture, "Johnny Reb," Wednesday even
ing.
Hon. O. Cade is spending some time with t
his family at Bellevue.
Gen. Myles, with a party of ladies and
gentlemen, passed through Royville Tues
day on their way to Jefferson's Isle.
Col. Gus Breaux spent Friday evening
with his nephew, Dr. G. W. Scranton.
Messrs. P. B. Roy, H. The'all, N. IHiggin
botham and Jack Bonnemaison are having a
good old time at Cheniere-a-la-Croix.
CHEROKEE.
The Stock Law.
In accordance with the mayor's
proclamation an election was held
to obtain the sense of the voters on
the stock law question. One hun
dred and thirteen votes were polled
for repeal, and as this number does
not make a majority of the voters of
the town, we understand that the
law will stand as it is now.
Over in Utah the Republicans
joined forces with the Mormons to
defeat the Democrats. Pretty bad
for the party of "high, moral I
ideas."
THE CREAT
WALLACE- SHOWS
To Lafayette on Wednesday, Nov. 20.
THE GREATEST, LARGEST, GRANDEST AND BEST OF
America's Amusement Enterprises
FINEST HORSES AND GREATEST Of Any Show
ARRAY OF CIRCUS TALENT_ ON EARTH !
4I
7 , .
NO WONDER IT IS CREAT.
3 Rings! a Stages!.............. . oo Phenomenal Acts!............
-2. Mile Race Track! ........... s20 Hurricane Races! ....
Colossal Menagerie!.. ............... 25 Clowns! 6 Bands! 50 Cages... .
Royal Aquarium!................. 15 Open Dens!..................
4 Trains. so Acres Canvas!...... Herd of Elephants!................
Drove of Camels! ................
o,ooo Seats! x5oo Employes!... World's Renowned Performers!....
$4,ooo.oo Daily Expenses!........ Every Great Act Known!.
CAPITA L, - $3,000,000.00!
EXCURSIONS WILL BE RUN
On every line of travel to enable vvisitors from a distance to attend the cxhibitions of this
the Greatest Show of the Modern World. Trains will arrive inl time to witness the mon
ster, majestic, spectacular, grand, tree
Street Parade One Mile Long!
50 FREE EXHIBITIONS DAILY. 50
Experienced lQetecti eg in I\ttendance. They are constantly I
on the watch to protect the public from the operations of gamblers and
swindlers.
REMEMBER THE DATE !
ADMISSION -O CTS, CHILDREN UNDER 9 YRS 25 CTS
THE FlRST NATIONAL BANK OF LAFAYETlI l
CAPITAL 650,000.
CROW CIRARD, President. 8. R; PARKERSON, Cashler.
J. O. PARKERSON, Vice President. F. V. MOUTON, Aessisetant Cashier.
--DIRECTORS-
CROIV G'RA.4RD, J. S. IVi/TTZNGTO% , P. B. ROY,
C. C. BAOWVN, A. J. MOSS, J. G. PARAERSOA,
ALCIDR JUDICE, I: DEMlANADE, Nt. P. fMOSS.
Special - Attention
(;GIVEN to SHIPMIENTS OF
Rough Rice!
LIBERAL ADVANCE.S MlADE
And Satisfaction Guaranteed.
H. T. COTTAM & CO.,
(Limited.)
Wholesale Grocers
Atid Importers.
42o and 422 Poydras Street,
New Orleans, - - - Louisiana.
Public Sale.
Succession of Ursin Cormier-Par
ish of Lafayette, State of
Louisiana.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of an
order issued by the Honorable, the 17th
Judicial District Court of the State of Louisi
ana, holding session in and for the Parish of
Lafayette, dated the 8th day of November,
and by virtue also out of a commission issued
out of said court, based upon said order, and
directed to me, the undersigned administra
tor, I will sell, at public auction, to the high
est bidder, for cash, at the last residence of
deceased, Ursin Cormier, in said parish, be
tween legal sale hours, on
Saturday, December 21, 169 5,
the following described property to-wit:
One certain tract of one hundred and fifty
arpents prairie land (more or less, bounded
north by Maxile Prejean, south by land of
Laperle Cormier, east by land of Ferdi
nand Breaux, west by land of Serigne L'abi
neaux.
One dwelling house, one corn crib, one
small shed and chicken coop, one other old
shed, one corn crib, one cabin, one other
cabin, one wagon, one lot of plows, one lot
of harness, one lot of old fencing and wire
fencing, one lot of hogs, three cows and
calves, one pair of beeves, one two-year-old
bull, five creole horses, one American horse;
the unldivided interest in growing cotton
crop; the undivided interest in growing corn
crop; the undivided interest in growing rice
crop; the undivided interest in growing sweet
potato crop.
The undivided interest in a tract of wood
land on east bank of Bayou Vermilion (one
eighth), bounded north by Babineaux tract,
south by Antoine Claud.
The undivided interest in a tract of wood
land near Bayou Vermilion, on east bank,
(one-eighth), bounded north by Babineaux
tract, south by St. Clair Kilchrist, east by
. west by land of Louis Lebert.
Also lot of kitchen and household furni
ture, notes, etc. CONSTAN " LEGER,
Nov. 16, 1895. Administrator.
Succession Sale.
State of Louisiana-Parish of La
fayette.--Succession of Dr. Fe
lix C. Latiolais, deceased.
1 17th Judicial District Court-No.
2025.
By virtue of an order issued out of the
17th Judicial )istrict Court of Louisiana in
and for the parish of Lafayette, bearing
date Novemlcr 7, 1895, I am authorized
and commissioned to sell at public auction
at the front door of the court-house, in the
town of Lafayette, La., on the
14th day of December, 1895,
to the last and highest bidder, the following
described property, belonging to said above
named Succession, to-wit:
One certain tract of prarie land situated in
the parish of Lafayette, Carencro, on the
west bank of Bayou Vermilion, containing
eighty-five and 5olroo arpents, more or less,
hounded north by Pierre Prejean, Horace
Martin and others; south by Roche Mouton
and F. I)upuis, east by Bayou Vermilion
and west by property of Ernest Bernard,
and Alexander and Leonard Latiolais.
Terms and Conlitions:-This property
will oe sold as follows: One-third cash;
one-third in one year from day of sale, and
one-third in two years from day of sale;
deferred payments to be secured by mort
gage, with vendor's privilege, and to bear
eight per cent per annum interest from day
of sale, together with to per cent additional
for costs of collection, should said notes be
placed in the hands of an attorney for collec
tion: Purchaser to execute his two notes
fur the deferred payments.
ISAAC A. BROUssARD,
Sheriff of Lafayette parish.
I Nov. 9, t895.
Public Sale.
Succession of Sallie Martin, de
ceased.
t Notice is hereby given that by virtue of
an order issued by the Honorable the 17th
Judicial District Court of the State of Louis
iana, holding session in and for the Parish
of Lafayette, dated the---day of October,
A. I). S895, and by virtue also out of a com
mission issued out of said court, based upon
said order and directed to me, the under
signed clerk of court and ex-officio adminis
trator, I will sell at public auction, to the
highest bidder, on
Saturday, December 14,1895,
between the legal hours of sale, in the town
of Lafayette, said parish, the following de
scribed property belonging to said succession,
to-wit:
One certain lot of ground, in Mouton's
Addition, situated in the town of Lafayette,
La., with all the buildings and improve
ments thereon, bonn !ed north by lot No.
307, south by Jackson street, east by lot No.
319 and west by lot No. 321.
W. B. BAILEY,
Clerk of Court -
And Ex-Officio Administrator.
Nov. 9, r895.
Protection to Game and Poultry.
The undersigned will pay $5o bounty to
the persons making the highest number of
points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,
La., before the Ist day of January, 1896,
as follows:
$25 to the one making greatest number o
points.
$t5 to theone malillng next greatest num
ber of points.
$to to the one making next greatest num
ber of points.
Value of different h.adls are to be counted
by points, as fellows.
Pc) INTS POINTS
Large Hawk.......... 5 Wild cat............. 15
Small hawk. .........15 Coon......................---
Owl ........possum ............. 5 posum ........ 5
M ink.................. .. 15 W easel................ 15
Skurk . ............. 15 Fox...................... -
Heads of birds of prey and scalps of ani
mals to be delivered to Wnm. Clegg who will
give receipt for points, no bounty to be paid
for less than five hunlred points.
F. F. IMYLES.
Public Sale.
Succession of Thomas Clews, De
ceased.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of
an order issued by the Ilon. the 17th Judi
cial District Court of the State of Louisiana,
holding session in and for the parish of La
fayette, dated the 14th day of October, A.
D). 1895, and by virtue also out of a com
mission issued out of sai d court, based upon
said order and directed to me, the under
signted Clerk of Court and Ex-Officio Ad
ninistrator, I will sell at public auction, to
the highest and last bidder, on
Saturday, Novcusber 16, 1895,
between the legal hours of sale, at Carencro.
I-a., in this parish, the following described
property belonging to sail succession, to-wit:
One spotted heifer; one yellow cow; spot
ted cow andi calf; red cow and calf; one
blue horse; one brown horse; one mare; one
filly: one colt; one pair mules; one plow
and hanmes; 40 barrels of corn; and 400 lbs.
seedl in cotton, etc.
TeI'rms cash. 1V. B. BAILEY,
Clerk of Court and Ex-Ofielo Administrator.
FOR SALE!
Attention Homne Seekers and
lsIvest4ors.
A chnmee of your life time to secure An
ileal ho,,e nnd pr,' italle farm. Also the
BiEAtU;S:l JOUR Springs and Park situated
on the ,l-',ks of the beautiful Bayou Vermil
ilin. cA arne commnoious country resid'ence
with T O IIUNIiREI) ARPENTS of
Ijeccllent land. Soil very best ~r cuhiva
tion of Sugar cane, corn, cotton, e One
msiale from the "'os-u of L.afayette ,]1 mle
Ifront Sugar Refinery. Apply at store
MOUTON BROS.
To tihe lutblic -
Some person or personu:. have, t htgh sett
fis t notivcs, stated to a numb er it -people
in this town that I was going ont oft the meat
business. I desire to sayv that this statement
is false. I will continue to sell meat io all
who wish to buy frotm ie, notwithstmading
all reports to the coatrary.
For Sale.
Three good lots foe bru.i '.
stands. On Lincoln .
posite Parkerson path.