TPHE B IS F Il SAL AAN M 8.
Many styles have been sold out entirely. Many new goods are coming in each day. Cashmeres, Silks and other fine goods from the Fire Stock (but not really
damaged) will be placed on sale this week. Don't miss this chance.
Ask any one of the hundreds who bought those slightly damaged goods last week to tell you how they were pleased with their purchase.
Our Best Advertisements Are SATISFIED CUSTOMERS,
And We made many a bargain-seeker happy last week.
What we did then, we will do again this week, and will throw in a few extra bargains for Lagniappe.
We Will Mention a Few Items of Interest to the Ladies.
Our figured organdies at 20 cents, 22 cents and 35 cents a yard, are the talk of the town. Our white organdies at 15 cents, 20 cents and 25 cents a yard, are wonders.
Our figured grades at 40 cents, 50 cents and 75 cents are extra double width and cannot be matched at those prices. The beauty of the business is we have the
laces to match.
Laces in every conceivable width. Laces in every conceivable pattern. Laces in every conceivable quality. White Lace, Cream Lace, Butter Lace, Black Lace,
Linen Lace, Cotton Lace, Silk Lace. Whatever you need, be sure of finding itsia our stock. Then we have the ribbons to match the organdies.'
We have the largest stock of embroideries ever brought to this section; and can be seen nowhere outside of New Orleans.
Swiss Embroideries Lawn Embroideries, Cambric Embroideries,
In the Daintiest, Handsomest Designs, at Extremely Low Prices.
IN LAD IES' LING ERI E W* have a great many novelties, new tyle
collars and cuffs.
Ladies' Shield Bows, for high collars. Ladies' Chiffon Collarettes in all colors, with dainty ties attached. Ladies' White Pique Boleros made with handsome
embroidery and inserting. These are washable. You should see our silk Shirt-Waists and also those made of new wash materials, with new style collars.
In fact our stock is complete in every line in which ladies are interested. Our assortment is varied and our prices are away below all competition.
A FeW ITCMSLS O INTCIRCST TO 1M.
We have just received a large line of Men's Black Sicellian Coats and Vests, and Blue and Brown Linen Suits. Also a variety of Linen Crash Suits for men, at
$2.50 a suit.
Our stock of light weight wool suits at $7.00, $8.00 and $10.00 will cost just $2.50 a suit more at any other place in town or even in New Orleans. Our townsman,
Mr. R. H. Cage, returned last week from New Orleans and bought one of our $7.00 coats and vests, which he found offered at $10.00 in the city.
This is but one of many proofs we can give that our p rices are as low and often lower than city prices. Our line of men's straw hats is large, and quality is not
sacrificed to price. In men s furnishing goods we have a line that is seen nowhere else. Price our goods and be convinced that we can save you money.
Nearly one entire side of our mammoth store is devoted to shoes. This insures a variety in styles and prices not found elsewhere. eCVi Us a call.
MISTIOT BIS & 0. NEW IBERIA, LA.
THE GAZETTE.
Subscriplion Price, : $1 Per Year
So. Pac. Schedule.
EAST BOUND.
No. 19, Arri's 2:46 a. m., L'ves z:56 a. m.
No. 17, " I2:20 p. m., "' 2:45 p. m.
WEST BOUND.
No. 2o. Arri's 1.41 a. mi. L'ves 2:41 a. mi.
No. x8, " 3:15 p. m. " 3:35 p. m.
AI EXANDRIA BRANCH.
East bound, No. 73, Arrives 12:Io p. m.
West bound, No. 72, Leaves 3:40 p. m.
AT NEW ORLEANS.
Arrives. Leaves.
No. 19 8:20 a. m. No. 20 8:2o p. m.
No. 17 6:40 p. in. No. 18 9:0o a. am.
Methodist Church Service.
Preaching at Lafayette on the Ist, 2nd
and 4th Sabbaths, at i a. m. and 7 p. m.
At Rayne on the 3rd and 5th Sabbaths at
is o'clock and at night.
1. r. Reams, Pastor.
James Lewis made a short trip to
Opelousas Wednesday.
Miss Anna Gamard, of New Or
leans, is the guest of her friend,
Miss Yolande Rigues.
Mrs. F. P. Allen, of New Or
leans, is visiting her sister, Mrs.
Boas.
Lee Wilson, the well-known and
popular gentleman who has been
providing the people of this section
with first-class fruit trees, was in
Lafayette this week.
Judge Mouton returned Thursday
from Opelousas where he and Judge
Blackman held a session of the
circuit court, handing down
eighteen decisions.
Fernand Mouton, who has been
in the employ of Mouton Bros.,
will leave next Wednesday for
Nashville, Tenn., where he will
enter Draughon's Business College.
His many friends wish him a profit
able and pleasant time.
The "crescent" bicycle for x897
is a crack-a-jack. Only $5o at
Moss Bros. & Co's. Sold on in
stallment plan.
Miss Felicie Durand, of St. Mar
tinville, was the- guest of Miss Mar
tha Mouton during the week.
J. E. Lacour left for Avoyelles
parish a few days to spendr a month
with friends and relatives.
Miss Bella Judice, who was at
tending school at Brookhaven, Mis.,
returned home Thursday. She was
accompanied by her brother, Leo
Judice.
Miss Pearl Guereniere and Miss
Chinn, two charmiig young ladies
from St. Martinville, were in Lafa
yette this week. They returned
home Thursday.
The sisters of Mount Carmel re
turn thanks to the good people of
Lafayette who so generously aided
to make their festival a success.
Horace McClure, one a resident
of Latayette, passed on the east
bound train Wednesday. He was
on his way to Illinois.
Gus Kennedy, of Opelousas, has
rented Mr. Alf. Hebert's property
adjoining the ice factory where he
will begin the manufacture of pop.
Election of Offlcers.
The stockholders of the People's
Cotton Oil Company met last Tues
day and elected the following board
of directors: C. O. Mouton, J. S.
Whittington, J. O. Broussard, ld
L. .Estorge, S. R. Parkerson, T. M.
Biossat, Chas. D. Caffery, P. B.
Roy, Crow Girard. After their
election the directors held a meet
ing and selected the officers to
serve the ensuing year. The offi
cers are: president, C. O. Mou
ton; vice-president and general
manager, T. M. Biossat; secretary
and treasurer, C. M. Parkerson.
The crowd that came on the ex
cursion from New Orleans Sunday
last was not very large. Most of
the excursionists, it appears,
stopped at New Iberia where prep
arations had been made to receive
them. Those who came to Lafa
yette were well provided for. The
hotels were fully able to accolnmo
date a much larger number and
there was no necessity for any of
them going away hungry.
J. O. Girouard, of Broussard,
was in Lafayette Wednesday on
business.
Mr. and Mrs. D. A. Dimitry,
of Carencro, were the guests Sun
day last of Mr. and Mrs. L.. A.
Veazey.
Postponement.
As will be seen by reading the
order of court printed in another
column, a special term has been
called by Hon. S. D. Read, judge
ad hoc in the election contest, for
the 22nd of July, for the purpose of
trying the case as well as all issues
and questions connected with it.
This postponement was made upon
the motion of the counsel repre
senting the People's Ticket.
The quality and appearance [of
the 4 cents a yard summer lawns
and other dress goods are bringing
the ladies in great numbers to Moss
Bros. & Co's. busy, big store.
Dr. Fred Mayer spent a few
hours among his friends in Lafa
yette Sunday afternoon.
The "Sanitary" nipple prevents
complaints common to babies.
Price 5 cents at Moss Pharmacy.
Mr. E. B. Dubuisson, of Opelou
sas, was in Lafayette Wednesday,
being on his way home from Crow
ley.
Messrs. Trahan & Doucet, the
druggists, have purchased an ele
gant soda fountain and it is their
intention to keep all the nice sum
mer drinks.
Mrs. and Mrs. Fred Mouton, of
Grand Coteau, were in Lafayette
this week on a visit to relatives.
Many were agreably surprised
last Sunday to meet Will Bowen,
who was, for a number of years, a
resident of Lafayette. Mr. Bowen
came up on the excursion train
from New Orleans and remained a
few days in town the guest of his
brother, Jno. F. Bowen. Since
Mr. Bowen left Lafayette he has
been the victim of a railroad acci
dent which necessitated the ampu
tation of his right leg just below the
knee. However, his friends will
be pleased to learn that he has
completely recovered and is look
ing as well as he did formerly.
If the best is good enough for
you, the soda water served of the
Moss Pharmary can not fail to
satisfy you.
The Dixie:; Win.
An intensely interesting game of
base ball was played last Sunday
evening by the Dixies of Lafayette
and the Washington Champions.
Oak Avenue Park was crowded
with visitors, most of whom were
excursionists who had come on the
New Orleans and Washington
trains. The grand stand was filled
with ladies who-at times joined in
the cheering.
Umpires Zernott and Sirey called
the game promptly at 4 p. m., and
a thousand eyes centered on the
diamond where the gallant ball
tossers stood ready to defend their
flags. The Dixies' army of irre
pressible rooters were in their ac
customed places and helped the
boys to win a brilliant victory.
The principal features of the
game were Sterling's effective pitch
ing, Langlinais's batting and Jim
Marshs' splendid work behind the
bat.
The local team was in the game
all the time, holding 'the visitors
down to a few scattering hits, and
playing, with a few exceptions, an
errorless game.
The following is the score:
WVashington.... I o 0 0 0 o a 2- 5
Lafayette.......I 2 7 o 3 7 r 1 0-22
The Dixies will play the Lake
Charles Greys to-morrow at
Pleasure Park in that town.
The Mistake of His Life.
Jack Glaston, a notorious negro
thief who has been successful in his
attempts to evade the authorities of
St. Landry parish, where he is
wanted for larceny, made the mis
take of his life when he decided to
explore Sheriff Broussard's territory.
Jack is reputed to be a smooth
artist, but he fell an easy prey to
Ike Broussard's eagle eye and Pink
ertonian scent. The Gazette is not
particularly solicitous for the suc
cess of the criminal classes, but it
will casually remark to them that
if they wish to breathe the pure air
of liberty unhindered by menacles
and jail bars, they must treat Lafa
yette parish with solemn respect
and keep within safe distance from
the cow-boy sheriff.
Mr. T. J. Duggan, the affable
and gentlemanly representative of
E. Connery & Son, of New Or
leans, was in Lafayette Thursday
and Friday.
Died.
Mrs. Eliza Kelly, aged 59 years,
died at 12 o'clock Monday, at the
residence of Judge J. G. Parkerson
in Lafayette. Mrs. Kelly was a
resident of Franklin a number of
years, but Lad been living in Lafa
yette for some time. Her remains
were .interred in the Protestant
Cemetery. Rev. H. W. Wallace
performed the funeral ceremony.
The True Remedy.
WV. M. Repine, editor Tiskilway,
Ill., "Chief," says: We won't keep
house without Dr. King's New Dis
covery for consumption, coughs
and colds. Experimented with
many others, but never got the true
remedy until we used Dr. King's
New Discovery. No other remedy
can take its place in our home, as
in it we have a certain and sure
cure for coughs, colds, whooping
cough, etc." It is idle to experi
ment with other remedies, even if
they are urged on you as just as
good as Dr. King's New Discovery.
They are not as good, because this
remedy has a record of cures and
besides is guaranteed. It never
fails to satisfy. Trial bottles free
at Clegg's drugstore.
Joe E. Mouton is agent for the
following papers: New Orleans
Times-Democrat, States, Bee, Pica
yune; New York World, Journal,
Courrier des Etats-Unis; Louisville
Courier-Journal; Houston Post;
Atlanta Constitution; Brann's Icon
oclast. Orders at catalogue prices
for all books sold by "Le Courrier
des Etats-Unis."
As the result of the voting con
test at the convent festival, Miss
Alma Hunter was awarded the
prize which was a very pretty ring
donated by Mr. T. M. Biossat for
the occasion.
The breaking points in a pair of
pants are the strongest points in the
BUCKSKIN BREECHES. If
you expect them to rip in the seat
or at the pockets, you'll be agree
ably disappointed. We found out
all about rips and tears long ago.
Our pants are rip and tear proof.
They fit, too. All this is warranted
-guarantee in each pocket.
What Wonuan Owes to Society.
Woman stands as the sacred guardian of
future homes and our nation's prosp.!rity,
and to her we must look for true reforms.
To her standard must her society come.
Let her be sure to place it high and keep it
pure and make it apply impartially to all
people. Let her keep out those whom she
knows fall short of her standard, and never
condone in the stronger sex what she con
demns in the weaker. Let her think not
to elevate society by hiding or condoning
the evils which surround her on every side,
but only by shutting out those whom she
has found it is impossible to raise to her
standard. Then future generations wilt
arise who will bless her for their heritage.
instead of cursing her for their misery.
Dwight L. Moody in June Ladies' Hi.me
Journal.
PHOTOS.
In order to introduce our work
to the people of Lafayette we have
decided to make, during one week,
Cabinet Photos for One Dol
lar per dozen; and diamond
squares for 40o and So cents per
dozen.
SMITH & ELLIOTT, next to
Delahoussaye's Bakery.
The Pavorite -
SUMMER RESORT!
POINT |uLUOPS
These springs are the favorite resort of
this section, the mineral properties of
whose waters have a wide reputation;
and now that they are almost on the
line of railroad since the completion of
the Midland Branch, they bid fair to
become even more popular.
REDUCED RAILROAD RATES
From all points from Lake Charles and
Franklin, one fare for round trip, until
Sept. 31. Tickets good for 3o days.
Only Ten Minutes Drive fronm
lota, the nearest station on the Mid
land Branch running from Crowley to
Eunice. Conveyances will meet all
trains.
HUNTING. BTHING.
Good hunting and fishing in the imme
diate vicinity. Target gallery, lawn amuse
ments and every conveniance to contribute
to the amusement of visitors. The bath
houses have been thoroughly overhauled
this spring.
Terms $1.25 Per Day bathing
included, The fare will be the best obtain
able. Address.
MRi. G. MILLER, Proprietreas.
P@o jetr al CatrvRIle, La.