SLAFAY GAZETTE. -
`'':VOLUME I. LAF'AYETTE, LA., SATrURDAY, APRIL 22, 18Oa.
SU DAHi JOHNSINUi'S SERMON.
s'smgsi't to ta ke a ter' dis mornin'
t rapgs ne,
'SBeua ptn i/i• prinoepul you wants Sa
An¢ds wiell gib it to you in my motestsolems
SSoh all lives in glass houses, doan yoe
Sgit to frowin' stones."
Dah's a mitey sight of wickedness a gwyin to
en 1 w,'
And 'de bble's alays on de watch taw slmmnhs
So, lesp.ob eye out fob yose't, an' not foh
Brudder Joneas
* "W hen-yoh sll-lves in glass houses, doan you
git to frowin' stones."
Wheasyoh meets a slstah comin' wit a ribbon in
er hat, -
)oan think the sistah's glttin' vain, taw, when
it comes to dat,
Des gaze upon yoh speckled tie, an' msay in hum
ble tones:
"When yob all lives in glass houses, dean yoh
git to frowin' stones."
If amenibel o' dis church ob mine goes strayin
turnum de way,
De sawd'll sholy ledge him on de final jedge*
ment day;
But de bred'rin all mus' he'p him faw to fin' de'
straightee' path
An' sospe de sutn turrers ob do Lawd's indig
nant wrath.
Religion is a cur'us thing In many ways an'
-one,
aSut dah's liittlalls lurkin' ebrywhah you sholy
wants to shun.
If Sistah Wilson's 'sperlence am told wit tears
an' groans
Dean think yose'f much bettah-doan you gitto
frowin' stones.
Doan pestah young folks 'cane dey's young, but
let 'em laugh an' smile,
asaw ehilden's laugh like flowahe come bright
upringin' tum do slle:
An' do sweetes' kind ob music Is de Vespohs
dat am sung
In de hahts o' men and wimmin in de days when
dey am young.
Keep charity taw ebery one-dean ledge yob
fellowmen,
But leab it all to dat one Pow'r who'll jedge de
people when
We cross de ahinin' ribbah in de mansions ob de
blest.
thah the wieked cease tum troublin', an' doe
weary am at rest.
So lissen What 'ze tellin' yob, an' take it to
yo) haht,
An' make dis bressed tex' o' mine ob daily life a
paht,
An softly say it in yoh praye's when on yoh
,. marrer-bones:
"When you all lives in glass houses, dean yob
git to frowin' stones."
-Ernest IecGaffey, in Chicago Times.
fill
(I ,
Ai OR years Frank
Leyburn Ias
been known as
the tiger slayer
of Amoy. There
"is not a village
along the coast of China, no matter
Thow remote from the great centers of
population, to which his fame has not
extended. With him the killing of the
great man eaters who infest the
jungles is looked upon as a pastime,
and he has shot them under almost all
[saginable circumstances.
id arrived in this city on the steamer
Gaelic, en route for London, aW1i it
was early in the forenoon that he
strode into the California hotel. He
wrote his name in big bold letters
across the page of the register, and
?lost no time in plunging into a bath
tub. Later he emerged from his so
elusion, looking ruddy and muscular.
He looked more tike the ordinary
globe-trotter than a slayer of tigers
whose name is known throughout the
Orient. In appearance lie is tall and
robust, with closely trimmed white
beard and keen gray eyes. A long
loose-fitting sack coat of gray tweed
was buttoned about him, and a brown
derby hat was tilted back far enough
upon his head to show that lie is grow
ing slightly bald. His feet were in
cased in shoes of russet leather, and lie
carried in his hand a heavy cane, which
he clung to tenaciously as he strode
rapidly along.
"Oh, yes," he said, in a gruff tone,
when asked about his experiences as a
tiger hunter, "I have bagged a good
many of the beastsin my day, but there
is nothing remarkable about that. With
us, don't you know, it is merely a pas
time, and we hunt the tigers for the
sport there is in it. Why, bless my
soul, I can see no reason why anyone
should care to hear about tiger hunt
lng.. With us it is ordinary sport, just
an deer stalking is in America.
"After all," he continued, as he
grasped his cane more firmly and
planted his feet very wide apa:t, "the
tigers of China are not nearly as fero
cious as those of .India, but they give
a good dealof trouble to the natives at
times. When one of them gets a taste
of humann blood he at once becomes fe
rocious, and is neversatisfied with any
other diet. They become transformed
into what are known as man eaters,
and they hunt human beings as a cat
does mice.
"Take a big man eater, for instance,
and he is pretty sare to make his lair
in a jungle close to a native village,
avoiding the larger towns, and always
on the alert to make a victim of some
luckless human being who may fall in
his way. It is his babit to lurk about
the outskirts of the settlement, con
cealed in the edges of the jungle, and
await his opportunity to seize a victim.
Moonlight nights suit him best. At
such a time he is extremely vigilant.
He prowls about until he sees some be
lated afraggler in the streets. This is
the opportunity for which he has wait
ed for hours, perhaps for days. There
is the Sash of "a heavy body in tihe
moonlight, a cry of terror, a brief
struggle and the man eater is off for
fi.leir in the jungle, bearing the help
lshabody of a human being in his mns
sire Jlws. Months later, it may be,
the are found in tlse dense under
- en I wenat to China twenty years
U ' had ailreay etae expeaidece in
bigglearoe a Iawmated to kil
a tiger. One day while in the count
iag house of our firm at Amoy two na
tives came in in an excited frame of
mind to tell that a man had been car
ried off from a neighboring village the
night before by a man eater. This
was just the opportunity I had been
waiting for. Taking out a heavy ex
press rife which I had brought from
London with me, 1 took the two na
tives to act as guides and started out.
On reaching the village I found every
thing in an uproar. The natives, who
are timid, were paralyzed with fear,
and scarcely dared to venture out of
their houses unless in the middle of the
day.
"I had already learned something
about the habits of the man eater and
knew just how to go at it. From in
quiry among the nativen I asecrtained
the exact location of the latr of the
tiger, and for a small compensation I
succeeded in securing the serviese of
a coolie to guide me to the place.
"Starting late in the afternoon, we
made 'our way slowly through the
jungle, and just about dusk reached
the spot. Now, the night is the k est
time to bag a man eater, for he is then
asleep, and may be shot before he is
aroused. Knowing this, I had brought
with me a bull's-eye lantern. Before
night had set in fully I got everything
in readiness and waited until it grew
pitch dark. Having in the meantime
located the exact position of the lair. 1
left my guide, who, by this time, was
almost terror-stricken, behind me, and
on my hands and knees crept through
the jungle. By the cautious use of my
lantern I found the lair. Turning on
the light, I was a little startled to dis
cover the huge beast curled up and
sound asleep. His head was resting
on his paws and sqdarely facing me.
As' I prepared to level my rifle at him
he stirred uneasily. Turning the light
full upon him, he raised his head, but
before he was thoroughly aroused I
sent a ball from my rifle crashing
through his brain. By good fortune I
had struck him squarely between the
eyes. There was a feast of rejoicing
in the village when I returned with the
skin.
"Just before I left China on my
present trip I struck a man cater who
proved to be a tough customer. lie
was an old fellow and had a record of
about twenty ' victims. They sent
for me and I went after him. I had
with me a double-barreled rifle of
large caliber. I found no difficulty in
tracing him to his lair. but he gave moe
a narrow call before I succeeded in fin
ishing hint. The trouble was that
when I found him he vas awake and
ferocious, apparently from the effects
of hunger. I had shot so many that I
thought nothing of it and gave my tiger
one barrel out of my gun. Most unac
countably I missed him clean, and his
eyes fairly blazed. Lashing the gronud
with his tail, he sprang toward me
like a flash. As he was in the air I let
go with the other barrel and struck
him in the left shoulder, the heavy
ball penetrating to hi, heart lie fell
at my feet, and so close was he that
before he died I could feel his hot
breath upon me. It was the most
(IV)
I LET GO WITH TIHE OTHER BARRELt
narrow escape that I ever had. When
measured the tiger was found to be al
most twelve feet in length, and his
claws were one and three-quarter
inches in length. I had the lattec
mounted and distributed them among
my friends.
"I could tell you a great many
stories if 1 had the time, but they have
grown old to me and would be of no
interest to the public," and the tiger
slayer hastened away to his dinner.-
San Francisco Examiner.
A Cotting Remark.
A Cass avenue man with a son whose
mustache and whiskers are just be
ginning to exert themselves, was try
ing to shave himself the other even
ing. His language on that occasion was
so forcible as to attract his son's at
tention.
"Hello, pop." inquired the youth,
"what's the disturbance?"
"Confound this razor," was the reply,
'"it's so dull that it pulls things out by
the roots."
"Try mine," suggested the boy, pro
ducing his steel.
The father looked at his son's downy
face and at the razorlet in his hand.
"My boy," he said, with gentle pity,
"take it away. I wantsomethingthat's
accustomed to cutting whiskers." -De
troit Free Press.
Haste Makes Waste.
Little Laura and her brother Ollie
have been encouraged in the habit of
racing at their toilet in the morning.
OUlio always wins, for hlsas little else
than a shirt waist affd a pair of
breeches to put on, while Laura's attire
is a great deal more elaborate and
plentiful than that. Nevertheless,
Laura is ambitions, and sie doesn't
lose heart by frequent defeat.
One morning she played stratagem
in order to win the race. She ad her
brother had just got out of bed and as
they were getting ready to begin dress
ing she turned to him with an arch ex
pression and said, coaxinugly:
"OHie, you know that haste makes
waste, and if you hurry now you'll
waste your time."
lte was victrious jeat Cie same.
Boston Herald.
(GEN. CUSTER'S FATHER
Memories of the Venerable Parent
of a Gallant Sblde?.
He was a Man of Strong Preadlees, But
Lovable Just the Same--Members of
the Custer Famlil t3Wl ierilseed
With the General.
[Special Detroit (Mich.) Letter.l
The recent death of Emanuel Henry
Custer, father of Gen. George A. Custer,
the hero of the battle of the Little Big
Horn, brings vividly to the public mind
the conspicuous events of that mem
orable year 1870. Father Custer, as hi
was famililar chled by his townspeo
ple at Monroe, Mich., has been a figure
of interest for many years. It would
have been bereavement enough to have
FATIIHE CUSTEII IlDItNG DANDY.
lost the brave and gallant soldier
George, but in that brief and terrible
battle 'Mr. Custer lost three sons, a son
in-law and a grandson. With all this
burden of sorrow the strong spirit of
the father was not utterly crushed. In
losing his son George, he lost the com
panion of his middle life, the boy who
had inherited from him a marvelous in
tensity of purpose, a strong. passionate
moral nature, and the fearlessness of a
heroic spirit.
In after years no more pathetic pic
ture could be seen than that present
ed by the venerable man who, with
indomitable will, proudly rode his son's
war horse, Dandy, wearing the spurs
and gauntlets of the unconquered,
while the wide band of black crape on
the hat which rested on his white head
was hi. only outward semblance of grief.
For many years Father Custer has
been content to remain within the limits
of home, as comprised by the boundaries
of Monroe, where he has lived since
1849. Ile was a native of Maryland,
but lived many years in Ohio, where
his son George was born at New Rum
ley in 1830.
Mr. Custer had for some years made
his home with his son, Nevin J. Custer,
and it was there that he died peacefully
on November 27, 1892. Hiswife had pre
ceded him, her death occurring twelve
or fifteen years ago, it being hastened
by grief at the death of her sons.
Mr. Custer had two persistnut
theories, religion ang politics. He was
intensely, passionately religious, and
he was intensely, passionately political.
There was no hesitation in either at
trilpe. lie was an ardent, impulsive
Metmfodist, and a staunch, uncompro
mising democrat. People who did not
believe as he did in either way he
would not even argue with, unless the
argument was all on his side. His boys
liked to stir their father up by pre
dicting political disaster, in a spirit of
fun, but they were soon compelled to
show their true colors, or hear a con
vincing and forcible statement of the
situation, given with the power and
charm of a native orator. His positive
character would brook no weakness of
profession-he was outspoken himself
and had the courage of his convictions,
and he expected all the members of his
family to be equally sincere.
lie cast his first vote for Andrew
Jackson, and his last for Mr. Cleveland,
riding a distance of five miles in the
cold bleak weather for that purpose,
saying he could not die happy if his
party did not elect its candidate. His
death was consistent with his life. and
he felt sure in his last hours that his ac
tions were the result of an honest be
lief that the course he pursued was the
right one.
When Father Custer was seen away I
from home, there was always some one
to point him out and say: "There is the
MRS. ELIZABJETH BACON CUBTIER.
father of Gen. Custer." I remember
weing him at the Cyelorama of the
Little Big Horn when it was here in
Detroit. That terribly real semblance
of the battle field had so overcome
ordinary spectators that they had
fainted from the effect. Yet this brave
old man regarded the scene of carnage
with a calm and stately courage that
was truly wonderful. While he sat and
watched the scene a man who wore the
badge of a Michigan cavalryman touched
him on the shoulder:
"Excuse me, comrade. Yon are Geon.
Custer's father."
"Yes," said the fine old man, with a
glow of pride at his heros name, "he
was my son."
"I was with Gen. Custer when he
made that raid out of Winchester. and
broke through Early's lines," said the
cavalry man.
Then another came up:
"I was with him in the first cavalry," i
said another, "when his brother'Tom
was wounded in the .-eck."
"I remember that eatonement." .ald.
Mr. c(ster, as if repeating a u.atter of
history. "Tom brought that necktie
home, and I have it yet."
"Let me speak to Gen. Custer's fI
th&-. ily son fought under him," said
an elderly woman in black, coming for;
ward.
"He foujRit under a good man, then,"
msaid Mr. Custer, in his quiet way.
As he passed out some men wearing
the grand army badges gave him almost
an ovation. I knew him, and as I saw
his face paling I said:
"Oh, Mr. Custerl they are glad to see 1
you-how pleased they are."
"It isn't for me," he said, and I no' I
tieed that his voice was husky; "theje
ants thinking of him-and so am I."
He was very fond of his only daugh- .
ter, Mrs. Margaret Custer Calhoun, and
Gen. Custer's widow, Mrs. Elizabeth r
Bacon Custer, and these ladies were
with him when he died, Mrs. Calhoun c
going from Lansing, Mich., where shd
is state librarian, and Mrs. Custer from c
her home in New York. When the two 1
lived temporarily here in Detroit Fa- I
ther Custer used to come to visit them,
and it was amusing and pathetic to sede
the interesting trio engaged in the
amusements of an evening.
However much they smiled or talked 1
when their attention was concen
trated on what was around them, there
was always a sad preoccupation or a
feverish restlessness when the atten
tion was withdrawn. Then it Was that {
those who knew bowed their heads and
felt the infinite pity of it-and looked 1
upon these as set apart and consecrated 1
through a national loss and sorrow.
But they could be very jolly, too, at
times, and perplex staid, practical Fa
ther Custer with their jokes at his ex
pense, and even make merry over occa
sional reminiscences of greater joked
perpetrated by "Artie," their pet namd
for the general.
It is not generally known that two
brothers of Gen. Custer were killed
with him. One only is mentioned par
tieularly, Tom, the younger brother.
The other one was Boston Custer. The
youthful Artie Reed was a grandson of
Mrs. Custer by a former marriage. Bos
ton Custer and Artie Reed were not in
Glen. Custer's command, but were west
for a visit, and for their health, and ac'
oompanied their gallant relative aS
volunteers, having entire confidence in
his ability to engage safely in the conl
M8t. MAnABiET CUSTER CALHOUN.
fleict. Lieut. James Calhoun, the bril
liant young officer, was the husband of
Gen. Custer's sister Margaret, or Maggie,
as her fond brother always called her.
Thus five of the Custer family perished
in that brief and bloody battle. It was
then that the strong religious nature of
Father Custer asserted itself most
valiantly;-and while lie mourned for
his boys it was not as one without hope.
I lie loved to recount their noble deeds;
to dwell on their home life, and the
days of their boyhood. That he was
I proud of his "yellow-haired laddie,"
was not to be gainsaid, for he saw in
him all his fondest hopes realized.
"George made himself what le was
without anyone's assistance," he said
once to the writer of this paper. "lie
asked me once to see Congressman
hBiugham about gettinghim an appoint
ment at West Point. Bingham and I
were opposed politically, and I didn't
want to ask him to do anything for
me or mine. But the first thing I knew
George had the appointment-he stole
a march on his father and asked Bing
ham himself. And I knew that Bing'
ham was always glad and proud that
he gave it to him. It makes me sad
every time I look at this picture and
think of my three boys who were killed
in one day."
If Father Custer had lived until De
cember 10, 1892, he would have com
pleted his eighty-sixth year.
MRA. Ni. L. Ltvs.
Are These the 1ld Aztec Ellnes ?
According to advices received ý1
Chihuahua during the last few 'ca-t
there is no abatementin the mining er
eitement near Ures, in the state of So
nora, over the rich gold finds that
were made there a few weeks ago. It
is estimated that the new camp now
has a population of 15,000 people, most
ly Mexicans, with a few American
prospectors from the southern part of
Arizona. Traces of old workings have
recently been discovered, and this fact
gives color to the belief that the long-lost
mines of fabulous richness of the Aztecs
are about to be rediscovered. There has
been no trouble so far between the
prospectors and the Yaqui Indians, al
though the latter view with sullen
silence the encroachments upon their
domain.
Bridgnlag tile Channcl.
New plans have been made for the
projected bridge across the English
channel, and the promoters will apply
to parliament this session for power to
go ahead with its construction. The
engineers are Sir John Fowler and Sir
Benjamin Bakler. The length of the
bridge has been reduced about three
miles, and the number of piers has
been reeuced from 121 to 72. The can
tilever system is proposed. The greatest
span will be 1,640 feet. The masonry
piers are to be 147 feet long and is feet
broad. The ost is estimated at 312,
75C,. 00.
Resson In All ThmLa.
Bingo (at breakfast)-seems to me
those wailes come up veterslow.
lMrs. Bingo-My dear, ecook husn't
had her brealkrhat yeL.-Ju.do
CLEVELAND'S CABINET.
bleettoas VWhich Reflect Credit os De
moeracy's Choice.
Jtdge Gresham was a member of the
cabinet of President Arthur, and there
won the respect of the country. Ap
pointed to the bench, he has there
maintained the reputation gained iii
the cabinet. He has been a presiden
tial possibility within the republican
party for eight years, and last summer
declined the presidential nomination
from a party which cast over a mil
lion votes. Mr. Gresham may or may
not be popular with the republican ed
itors, but certainly he is not ""in
knowti'"
John G. Carlisle has been lieutenant
governor of Kentucky, speaker of the
national house of representatives and
senator. In the great contest for tariff
reform he was from the first the most
consp'cuous figure in political life. - He
was in two conventions a possible can
didate for president, and could no dotih,
have been chief justice had lie desired
the position.
Mr. Herbert, secretary of the navy,
has for years been a member of con
gress, and during the reconstruction
of the navy has been at the head of
the house committee on naval affairs.
Certainly he is as well known to the
country as was his predecessor four
years ago.
Mr. Morton has lived in a republican
state, but he has not lived in obscurity.
A believer in free tr`ade, he has preached
this gosl-el with such effect as to make
him known throughout the west, as
well known certainly as Mr. Harrison's
attorney general or secretary of the in
terior.
Mr. Bissell has been known chiefly
as the partner of Mr. Cleveland, just
as Mi'. Miller, Mr. Harrison's partner
in Indianapolis, was known, He has
prefeired law to public life, but he cer
taitnly has not lived In obscurity, and
lihe is well enough known to make it
reasonably certain that four years
hence he will retire from office with a
reputation at least equal to that earned
during the past four years by the old
law partner of the retiring president.
The new secretary of war is Mr. La
mont, sreceeding Mr. Elkins. Mr. La
mont was for four years the secretary
of the president, gad retiring from
office lie has won a. high position in
commercial life, and certainly cannot
be classed among the unknown.
Two membeirs remain: Mr. Smith,
secretary of the interior, and Mr.
Olney, attorney general. Neither of
these gentlemen has been conspicuous
in national affairs, but each is a man
of influence in his own state. Mr.
Smith is a lawyer and the editor of an
influential journal and had a follow
ing strong enough to secure the voice
of Georgia for Cleveland in the national
convention. Mr. Olney has twice de
clined judicial appointments, and
brings to his office a higher profession
al reputation than that which Judge
Miller carried to 1Washington four
years ago.
This review shows that the new
cabinet is by no means an unknown
cabinet; on the contrary, compared
with that of Mr. Hlarriuon's retiring
ministers, it is an extremely well
known body of men. This may be il
lustrated by this comparison'
1. Foster Gresham.
2 Foster Carlisle.
S. Vanamaker IBissell.
4. Noble Smith.
5. Tracy Herbert
6. Miller Olney.
7. Ruslk Morton.
8. Elkins Lanont.
But more than this is shown by this
comp;arison: the new cabinet brings into
public life a new element; it represents
a younger generation of men; it is
made up, not of wornout party
"hacks." but of vigorous, progressive,
determined men; men of conviction,
whose faces are turned to the future,
not to the past.. The cabinet is some
thing of a surprise to our republican
friends, but it is representative of the
very elements which surprised the
same gentlemen at the polls last No
vember, and it is certain that it com
mands the entire approval of the peo
ple who elected Mr. Cleveland presi
dent, for it gives them full assurance
that the promises of the platform are
to become living realities.- -Louisville
Courier-Journal.
REPUBLICAN ROTTENNESS.
Some of the Unsavory Transaeltions of the
Harrison Administration.
The final performances of the Ilar
rison administration are well calcu
lated to waft into the public nostrils a
farewell puff of the peculiar flavor
which has characterized its doings
front the outset. Thus, Mr. Wana
mas'er, in opening formally the pneu
matic postal system recently completed
in Philadelphia, selected as the first
parcel to be sent through the tubes a
Bible wrapped in the American flag,
and put upon it the unctuous label:
"The first use of the first pneumatic
postal tube in the United States is to
send through it a copy of the Iloly
Scriptures-the greatest message ever
given to the world. Covering the Ilible
is the American flag-the emblem of
freedom of .ixty-flve millions of happy
people." l'robably this is the last ap
pearance ini our national official life of
this most unpleasant combination of
piety, politics and bargain-counter lit
erature-at least, let us hope it is.
Nothing likIe it was ever seen before in
this or any other country. While
his postmaster general was round
ing out his ofiBcial termn in
this fitting manner, President liar
risen was improving the shining
hour at Washington in distrIbuting as
favors among his friends such public
offices as he could get bold of before
I his successor came in. In order that
Shis private secretary might not be left
without a job after March 4, he ap
pointed him a paymaster in the regu
lar anrmy, thereby committing an act
of gross injustice to members of the
array in line of promotion-being "just
in time" with this as with his Chilian
and Hawaiian messages, for there is a
).ill pending in congress forbidding
such appointments. After doing this
he heard 3f t.vo editorial friends of his
in Iowa who were intending to get
married and wished to make foreign
tanra as bridal tripe but conl4 not _L
ford to do so at their own expense.
Finding two consulships at his dis
posal, he gave each of them one, said: .
"Bless you my children!" and the two
couples will sail away presently at the
publie expense. The fact that the new
consuls will not reach their posts be
fore April 1, and consequently only get
there in time to return, was not con
sidered in the matter. Public oflice
will no longer be a public trust at
Washington, and goodness kuows it
may be many a year before a HIarrm
son gets a whack at the offices again.
Let us make our hay while the sun
shines, and wave thle American flag
vigorously while doing so.-N. Y. Post.
CHANGED CONDITIONS.
The Treasury After Four tears of Repub
Ilean Misrule.
The republican organs that pretend
to have discerned a weakening of Mr.
Cleveland's purpose to secure a reform
of the tariff probably do not deceive !
themselves. They certainly will not
deceive the country. The man who
risked defeat for an otherwise sure re
election to the presidency by forcing
the issue of tariff reform because he
believed it to be right, and who has ad
hered steadfastly to that issue ever
since, is not at all likely to weaken in
its support now that he hags been sus
tained by the people and put in power
to carry out his policy.
To the sneering inquiry whether Mr.
Cleveland now thinks that "it is a con
4ition that confronts us, not'a theory,"
the reply is: "Yes, but, thanks to re
publican profligacy! and misrule,. the
condition is different and more peri
lous."
When Mr. Cleveland spoke in 1SS7
the condition was this: "A surplus of
S00,000,000 in the treasury and an an-f
nual revenue of $100,000,000 in excess
of the needs of the government; a
strong gold reserve; a silver coinage
which the business of the country
absorbed without serious consequences,
and a war tariff after twenty-five years
of peace.
To-day, after four more years of re
publican rule, the condition is this:
An exhausted treasury; a revenue in
sufficient to meet the expenses of the
government; the free gold reduced to
$8,000,000, three-fourths of which has
I een loaned by the banks; a compul
sory silver purchase and paper infla
tion which have driven gold out of the
country and impaired public confi
dence, and a worse than war tariff that
has been twice condemned by the coun
try.-N. Y. World.
CONTEMPORARY COMMENT.
- President liarrison's system of
making appointments and promotions
in the army is another thing that can
hot hi too speedily dispensed with.-
N. Y. World.
- Mr. Cleveland struck a happy
medium as to the age qualification in
his cabinet. The members are neither
too old for action nor too young for
wise counsel.--tKansas City Star.
-The, republicans have certainly
on the average had hard luck with the
new states they admitted with the ex
pectation of making permanent their
rule in the senate.-Denver Sun.
--Much as they would like todo it,
tihe republican senators cannot over
rule the action of tile people of the
country in placing the democratic par
ty in sole control of the governmenut.
Sioux City Tribune.
--The demand of the republican
press to know who Hoke Smith is. is
not becoming to a party which has ele
vated to cabinet positions so many un
heard of men, and whose efforts proved
that they were nobodies.--St Paul
Globe.
--When Hlarrisou goes out he will
not leave enough money in the treas
ury to pay pensions for a single quar
ter. lie has done his best to lea:-e the
democrats a deficiency, accruing with
in a few weeks after he gets out.-St.
Louis Republic.
- The democrats are going to con
trol the senate. Yet it was to prevent
such a possibility that the new states
were admitted-only three or four
years ago. The millstones have done
some fine grinding during the last two
or three years. Indeed, ever since "re
construction" days.--Hartford Times.
-The republican papers are point
ing to the fact that a number of the
great trusts have exploded as an indi
cation of the greatness of the repub
lican policy. The next thing they will
be charging that the trusts were got
ten up by the democratic party as a
means of knocking the republican
party out of power.-St. Paul (ilobe.
---Nothing so strikingly measures
the force of the political revolution we
have just passed through as this over
turn of the senate. The republicans
two years ago counted on holh!ing that
body for ten years, no matter what
happened to their popular majori
ties in the congressional and presi
dential fields.--Springfield (Mass.) Re
publican.
----President Harrison has appointed
Myron M. Parker to be amember of the
board of commissioners of the D)istrict
of Columbia. Myron M. Parker is a
man who was removed from office by
President Grant because of his connec
tion with the Star-Route swindling.
President Harrison is more fortunate
in his appointments when he choosea
democrats.--N. Y. World.
-Mr. Cleveland is.pursuing steadi
Iy his policy of establishing from the
i.'st a business administration upon
which, in all its parts, he and the coun
try can depend. Senator Carlisle
.loses all that is attractive in his polit
Icdl career to -ecept the most arduous
duties of gornoment for the next fouer
years. His department must bear the
heaviest part of the tariff and financial
policy and these two matters far out
rank all others in gmravity and diffi
culty. Mr. BisselPl's name is cr;ticized
only in New York state, and no other
reason is assigned except that be may
t be beyond the cajoleries of the ma
1 chine. Since the democratic party hasa
a been impatient for the day to arrive
] when the New York machine would
a have less to do with national polities,
a this criticism is a fine recommendation
t of Mr. Bissell. So far Mr. Cleveland
n ham unot made a nmistake. --KaP n Caity
PERSONAL AND UITERARY.
-John Ireland, who may suaesed
Gov. Hogg of Texas, in case the lattar
should go to the senate two ye.rs
hence, is the man who was afraid thiSt
immigration to Texas would become so
great as to elbow the old settlers Into
the sea.
-Ex-Gov. Robert L. Taylor of Ten
nessee is something of a philosopher.
When asked about his defeators the
United States senatorship by Gen- ate
he said: "I will not cry over spEI' milk
nor quarrel with the cow that kidsed
over the pail. But I shall always be
lieve that the pail ought not to have
been kicked over."
-Ex-President Hayes invented an in
genious method of shaking hands with
a crowd. He once made a short speech
to 10,000 people in Columbus, regretting
that he could not shake hands with
everyone present. "But I have a plan,"
said Hayes. "I'll hold up my hand, and ,
when I shake everyone shake." He did
it, and it seemed as thouglflO,OOOhands
went up.
-Mrs. Jane G. Austin, the novelist,
spends her winters in Boston. Her
health is not robust, but she contrives
to accomplish a good amount of lit
erary work. She has a genial, kindly
face, an abundance of white hair, and
she generally dresses in black. "A
Nameless Nobleman" was the first book
written by Mrs. Austin, and contained
the story of her great grandfather's
life.
-The Countess Louise Cianciana, it
is stated, now sells matches on the
steps of the palace of Monte Citorio,
where the Italian legislature meets, a
body over which her husband presided
as speaker some years ago. The count
was also one of Garibaldi's most distan
guished associates. mayor of Rome,etc.,
all of which is duly set forth upon a
placard which the countess wears hung
around her neck while having matches
for sale.
-There will be a world's parliament
of religions at the World's fair, begin
ning September 11. Procedingthis will
be a Catholic congress, which will be
gin September 5, and contemporaneous
with it Protestant denominational con
gresses. Among the speakers will be
Mozoomdar, representing progressive
Hlinduism, and a scholar appointed by
the Chinese government to represent
Confucianism. Let all the religious
world unite on all that is best for the
purpose and press it for all that it is
worth.-N. Y. Herald.
-Mrs. Frances Hodgson Burnett's
newest book, which is, indeed, a book
let of eighty pages about "The Drury
Lane Boys' Club," of London, bears the
interesting inscription: "Copyright by
Vivian Burnett," and is printed at *tlf
press of The Moon. Mrs. Burr:. ev
plains that her new publisher -; : -
lation by marriage, and that '
Vivian, who is lnbut a lad, publ . ' a
little paper, which is called The Moon,
as a less ambitious title than The
World, The Sun or The Star. Mrs. Bar
nett adds to her reputation as a woman
of great literary genius the still more
honorable fame of a wise and devoted
mother.
HUMOROUS.
-Lady-"T don't exactly like the
frieze in this room; it-" Landlady
"Mercy, the heat isn't turned on full
yet."--In ter-Ocean.
-lie (about to travel)-"Do you real
ly want me to come back soon?" She=
"Well. perhaps you had better. You
see, I have promised not to forget you."
-Absence of Mind-Miss van Won
ver (benevolently)-"I haven't a cent
of change, my poor man. I am so
sorry! Could you change a five-dollar
bill?"-l udge.
-Mother (putting the boy out of the
pantry)-"How many more times will
I have to tell you to keep out of that
preserve jar?" Small Boy (sobbing)
"No more, mamma. They're all gone!"
-A Bad Diet.-Mrs. Giddy (to her
physician, who has recommended rest)
-'iBut, you know, doctor, that variety
is the spice of life." Dr. Bluff-"May
be. madam: but people can't subsist on
seasonings. "-Truth.
-llarry-"Darling! I love you."
Darling--"Yes. I know it, Harry; but
I was in hopes you'd have some news
to tell me to-night. I haven't seen a
soul to-day, and I'm just dying for
news."-Boston Transcript.
-Lexicographers Please Note. -.
Whipple-"Can you tell me just what
a "variety actress" is supposed to do?"
Snapper-"I think by that name one
usually refers to a person whose acting
varies between bad and worse."-Puck.
-Elder Berry-"I had a long talk to,
day with a pickpocket. He said he
would reform a little later,but couldn't
think of it just now." Mrs. Berry
"What is he waiting for now?" Elder /
Berry-"For chatelaine watches to go
out."
-Something in a Name.-Little Wil*
lie-"Say, honest, are you a mulatto?"
Crosshatch (the artist)--"No, indeed.
What gave you that idea?" "Why, 8i
said you was one of the best-known
black-and-white men in the oounter.5
Truth.
-"You were gones a good while," sald
the invalid to her husband, who had
been to the drug stgre; "it must haave
taken the clerk a good while to put up
the prescription?" "I don't know; K
think he must have spent a good deal
of the time putting -up the price."
Washington Star.
-"1 don't know what has come over
our son since he went to work la a
shoestore," said Mrs. Blsaggis. "Boe
was looking at a calendar and he spoke
of the figure '6' as '3' and '4' as '"' HIs
mind must be going." *Oh," replb -
her husband, "that's all right The "
have put him to work sellift shaoes to "
the lady customers." - W -ashlgto
Star.
-An Afterthought.-Before bItiag '
hei good night he begged to he .
mitted to kiss her.' "Oh, no," he
"'I could not permit such-bh
Ssides, somebody might sse~b"
true," .he said. There ws a
after which she Md, l with
I laugh: "flow glet-4t I behvan;
appears to be obohea7 ehei
1Plsr ~ I i- -
1pS~.,-