23.
#6 1 we :o,, 1
AMY * one .l _ bae p1415 n i
;- -1 I!
S sit4dl-oals smonths or so
Washin ptor t
e uses Baotcnos. Taocuss" are u
iselfh best blood purier med
b asni ' "i t l oeve pro fed. It oures
'when other medicines utterly faiL Its
;ri-ecord _ : unequalled in the history of
;:medicine.'  iti success is based upon its
latalneic merit - Hood'·s
sai ar.parilla
Is the One Twae Blood Puriirss .
Can't Break
because its so strong; C
Can't get out of order
because its so siam
piea; Cacet unhook thache,
itselfWhyL
rI[
. * l... B-h i
-to p
M."- . taspernto- ew
Sinit"oro
ts- u*:-- ·
INCAN'S S
SLIIM - "NT
T ied R  .dy. forly
:Headache, Toothache, 10
and PAINNSgenerally. 8b
bays OAR * si~lk the,: lu
a str.7e v Iea r
-~ %~~ tee
;~-ari D
4we
-wil
-Mn~
r~.- ' o.. " Y.. . . - -... ` "- --',
a4e ew ot9ear of l 196l1e sa ah
-bred i.n upon us. The. old' ha sureiy
.flun ihe4us s o: -em. .tisa- data;-to
uide .our footsteps for thae incoming'
a ew yellsoand at6 tho onlts beiw evegs ou
"-7 l-  w n uss in st atin thatl the
·les inn wesshaveL a ddareseted ct our,
the toriner isinremnnerative and ra.
SopOn to the, fai.rmer,- bees;se boi
w e oare auabietonly in prowhileportion
latter ise aniry remnproratve. Tohem.
cents, hile six and a-hal hal billion Ame-isn o
baleop insures brougnht half centsae
. of. 42 cents -n the Chicago market,
in our local markets 3s cents, while the
* big corn crop of 1895, estimated roiugh
ly at three to thr~ee and a half billion
bushels, only sells in our local markets
for 18 to J183 cents. So we see. if 17
cents per .bushel is about an average
price it costs a" farmer to raise it in
Texas, then there is little or no- pr.it
for the- surplus he sells. - The same
na conditions apply to our oat and hay -
crops. It is true that our large oat
crop was this, year so seriously dash
of aged by an unusually wet season, that
" it is hardly possible to make a correct
a estimate for the probable average price
it would have brought under more
favorable circumstances. The ques
tion naturally arises, what course must
we pursue next year, which will insure
the best prices for our farm prod- t
ucts? Every farmer must .see that
our safety is to be found only in plant- a
Sing those crops that grow best with us, r
one-third of the acreage in cotton, one
Its third in corn, and one-third in other
of crops, such as oats, hay, sorghum, etc- f
With such staple products for our stiff,
black lands, a little greater' diversifca- b
tion might be practiced profitably on
the sandy lands, like Denton, Wise and
other counties. Potatoes, melons and
- goober peas mightbe extensively raised e
ee in such sandy land districts. We must
not abandon the wise course we have,
begunn in raising more corn and sor- a
ghum to raise and fatten more hogs,
remembering that with deep wvater at v
Galveston we have a shorter route to
the open markets of the world, .
lessening the freight charges, and at p
the same time increasing the demand
for our surplus corn and hog products. f(
According to a late estimate, there-are
in Texas but 95,000 renter farmers, q
while there are 265,000 owning their a
farms. Under such favorable condition a
there is no real 'cause why the very
Sbest plan may not be practised more t1
generally on business principles. It
is not only foolish, but suicidal, to rush i
pell-mell into raising all cotton in 1896. hi
Such a. course would insure three-cent al
cotton, and ruin and starvation staring F
us in the face, when under our present p,
regime plenty and abundance doth fc
abound: God has given Texas the most
fertile soil, and if wisely used will sure
ly bring a greater prosperity to her
people than any land in the habitable
world.-Cor. Farm and Ranch.
CARE OF PIGS.
to
Practical suggestions to Those Who Basse p
Their Own LMeat.
During the first tstree days of the
pig's life he requires close attendance.
A failure to give this attendance usual
ly results in the death of one or more
of the youngsters. If the board be put
in the pen as before described to pro- a
tect them, and not much bedding, and th
that of a short, fine material, be al- s
lowed the sow, little danger from
"overlying" or smothering need be
anticipated. The sow and pigs should af
be disturbed as little as possible for the
first few days, but sufficient attention
should be given to see that all the pigs in
-uck, and if the stock is to be sold for of
breeding purposes it will often be
necessary to treat the tails of the mi
young pigs to keep them from falling mi
ef. It is generally thought that this a
falling off of the tails is due to cold en
and dampness. This is not so. as re
they suffner in the dryest September po
just the same. It is a disease, but one -
easily combatted. We have fouand sa:
washing the tails in a strong solution the
of Boro-glyceride most effectual, but e
0 any grease; espeecally if it hasmixed ma
with it a little carbolic acid, will dothe fez
work-. -The application should be made me
once a day for at least three or four thI
days.
During the first few days the pigs me
should be confined to the farrowing to
pen or at most allowed to run in a small, eC
p dry lot. They will do better to be con- Poe
fined to the lot until they are at least loa
three weeks old. Just as soon as the yor
pigs shows a disposition to eat, he am
should be eaeouraged in so doing. A -
small place should be out off irom the gre
lot so as to allow the pigs, butnot the to]
mother to enter, and in this little lot je
should be a shallow feed trough. If the the
pigsare getting plenty of milk from the Ma
mother, as they will, provideda she is i k
good -broodsow and is well- fed, there be i
is: othing better than soaked corn. ez
.Dry, har corn will soon make their -
teeth re. An abundince of this did
SaLsed corn should- ba provided, but .le21
Shatin.lit sh~old be r Imos atlseiad
~ Iwicsda and fresh teeO put in. If Mae
-lhasestla m milki uani be glean gai
b... L-- -..,- i1_b- -I a
M ,  .i i-
daD
stIgrilrgs -?.
othaaers
O" 'xi- in',i ,;rt4e .rom .,:oth-ers."
S e'di.eigo o eaon eakt, eis te -best
s ix ipgwe ha ever usedin the way oaf
sh- a twpn gh These, eugh su.ir easy to
to Alkihhii-issed it siould be: kept lean end
wieet.-)siissleipp Experimentre, :
#St1tica bulletin.
•the -FEEDING SWINE.
r:  . n ps o
The . eet a ]eos d  m . te Bes rthe hont of
Sera gsm It. . 1
L What do you consider the best food I
e foit;s in-pig..w 1
In the suierg grass lucerne (aofal
Sfa), tame or lover, witfh a few beans
or"r pss, utils l she ai withina about a
oos ofarg, so e ,ie whoa p--rardan orl
nd harpsa. branshould be d substitted. I
e . What f the beist food for the boar?
the In summr, luceirne, clover or tares,
to ad .in the winter.half -o the year;
roots, with s few beans, peas or mixed !
Smel oadided, ecordingoto the amountof I
w e work required of h i t
e . What do you onsider the best-food
'forthe sow and littert
A Until the little pigs are three or four a
esweek old, I like to feed the now on
S.about one-tourth bran and whe the
17 fourths sharps, or radain; after that c
ge tme, if the pigs will stand it without
t scouring, some mixed wheat, barley -d
and pea meal may be added. c
me 4. What food do you prefer on which 1;
nto wean the litter? t
Continue the above and alittle whole r
' wheat, with skim or separated milk. ii
S5. What do you consider the best t
food for pigs from-ten to twenty weeks b
ice- old?' c
're A continuance of the above, with a n
es gradual increase of the meal, until the a
but pigs are - four months old, when the t
re food may consist of nearly all meal. In
- the winter time a few cut roots or b
tat steamed potatoes are good; and in the 1
t- summer lucerne or other green food C
pL will be appreciated by and prove of ti
se- benefit to the pigs. t
ter 6. What do you consider the best food I
- for fattening pigs? A
i Baiaey meal is the best single food, ti
ea- but I prefer a mixture of meals, com- ao
on posed of barley, wheat, peas and a o:
nd small proportion of maize, cocoanut- lc
ed meal, palmnut meal, rice-meal and b
ed even ground linseed. - o:
tat 7. Do you like, as pig-food, beans, s
eo peas, wheat and barley and in what
r- order, and whether whole or ground?
Is - I pefer them ground and in the re- T
at verse order to that given. I do not re
to member of ever holding the opposite
d, -opinion, as given in the "Book of the i
at pig." q
tid . What is your opinion on cookeditb
food?. i e o
re My present opinion Is exactly as it s
s, was 15 years since-that cooking meal. u
mir and roots (except potatoes) for pigs is ai
n a waste of fuel and labor. s
ry 9. What is.your opinion of mangels, ae
re turnips and potatoes as pig foods? cc
It I continue to use a large quantity of ea
shi mangels, turnips and kohl rabe, but my r
6. herd of pigs is so large that I am un
et able to iookenough potatoes for them. in
1 i For small quantities of pigs, steamed fo
at potatoes are both a good and profitable st
th food. -Swine Breeders' Journal. of
st i
e HERE AND THERE. sb
er m;
le -Don't wait till next year before you th
begin to make preparation for a gar- fr
den; if you do you will be left. h ed
-Haul out your manure on the land cr
to be used for a garden; spread it and oea
sn plow it under. The frosts and freezes gC
of winter weather will exert a most- fr.
ta beneficent influence upon the soil up- th
e. turned in December. br
1- -In the South Atlantic states it is of
m often desirable to get the lands which Cu
Swash so badly into permanent pastures Pe
Id as quickly as possible. In such cases, is
the best all-round grass, all things con- R
sidered, is the Bermuda. in
ee -To prevent hens from eating eggs, go
d after they have been learned the habit, su
Le fill an egg with a paste of strong mns- bu
n tard and cayenne pepper, then place it ba
in the nest and the hens get one taste Br
r of it, they will not care to try it again. ha
[ -The galls orhillsdewashesso com
e mon in the South Atlantic statek do
more to destroy the beauty of the fields
is and lessen their value than all other sp
d causes combhined. This should be
Sremedied, as it is amatterwhich in im
r portsnoe is second to no other. 50
e -The American Poultry Advocate re
l says that among the heaviest layers CSI
a the Houdan-certainly deserves a front an
t seat. They lay large eggs, and a good p
. many of them. As a rule the eggsare A
e ftertle, producing strong chicks. The t
e meat qualities, moreover, are equal to
r the egg production.' pr
-If you h1ve anybrains the manage- th
a ment of a dairy farm is a good chance a
Sto exercise them. If you have any en- a
ergy here la the place to nse it. If you Ham
- possess good judgment, are careful in tha
i looking after- details, the dairy needs
a you. Any fool esn'tl manage the dairy pr
a and dairy cattle slapoessfully. the
-If you wulh toti any great de- ar
0 gree of success in ring,be willing ing
Sto learn; you must-lfead up on the sub gn
Sjeceonstantly and- n to dstinguisl fee
the true grainumax in with the chaf tra
Make pracItical riciation of your the
knowledge, eth'that keowledge Th
be gained by i ,ead. obseivation or Ii
--Tie farmer wh garmus as his fat be Thi
Idl M1aa cntu w l surely get sen
left. . he old o ~y. te. so con whI
e tent _, willnaclomoow.pe
way to meetl s
more.forag in
-4triaon o ~L - a peat i n of
Whi*e .s
Man etk e the" usTma
eod : ld . has , n h- re t
St3 pn t onds provifet The air
. hert , lt osewn telbeteen the. petrame
* ands l istl i, thus alsformn o the
fhlr- iPhej,-ebm- elevation of abiq t ;-.
00' fe ort ei&s aoi o this I t
Sonly: place aa thi hlseh be some fish is
resslAft hat s now mad spn into ae
ters mastie A conical `cp perfor
oo tatedb w hits i rovde. to The air
hest beneath is exasted, while =by a curi
s os deicble t"a felt is forced openly to
y to oi ruts W1 dthe outside of the receiver,
t oif and, by theou sieoan pressure andrusho
and o the atr, is .itroa w upon thea' frame
aen stkaed withribed, thus formpecies of p he
eeants foby te ounty ame commission.
-Inr of MongolRussia there has foa longtiere
tuxirnted loose in diufrent parts of the
of silvberan phmisants willch by some secret
process- is .shredded and spun into a.
rood fabric, which- `although soft- 'to the
touchd turned loose in the etresoon. hes birds
Ifal- so durable protected fortht it never eaars
as ot. expecten dirty, likee, uesto, ish ex
t ollet sport frown into the hre, by which it is
a o made perfectly that n withe old njrrtao
temand. theto ate more tha two ameria
mar? -Santa Clara county, CaL,-is being
bees, stocked with a reioents spearches of pheos
ear antcords by the county game commission.
ied Six pthe firsot Equarterlh pheof asants lasd fifenty
atof pairs of Mongolian' plleasauts were
turned loose in dif 1,00 ret parts of the
ood country recentlve and twenty nam-fie paitr
of silver pheasants will be procured
!our and turned loose very soon. The birds
nam will be protected for several yeas, and
Sare expeabominacted to,in time, plaifurnish people ofx
Scellet sport for tie huwar was ntersused
out -The- fact that In the old Puritan
ley -days ind.ow England itwas rareemrkble for a
man to manyve more than two names,
aich ;his surname and a Christian name, has
thbeen noted in a recent searc of older
Mdle records in Maine tan York, Me.; dur
ing the first quarter of the last cen
oest turhe, outof mon e thn 1He is00 record of
eka births there is only one wher n the
child receied two .given names. Etra
h a names were useless adornments, and
the an abomination to the plain people of
the those timesmand places
In -The Mithridatseon, war waives causerad I
or by t he ma kiacnre of 0.000 omans by
the Mithridatre VI.,ery king of Pontuand, 88 bril
aod nt and was remarkable of themfor itsmetimes is
of tion, its many sanguinary battles, and I
the cruelties of its ommanders gold
od Mpangthidates hainewest. Then the Corensul
are satins, made him on an printeass
od, through a great part of Asia crying
am- out as e rode, "plainI am Aqurides, color
I a of the Romanods" ie is said to have
Lut- killed him by causing melted gold to
sd be poured down his throat in derisionte
of shapedis avarice, 85 B. C. Mithridatres
many and the wasdefeatprettbyes Pompearl. 6y coveB. C.
hafringe eectt FASHIONABLE TRIMMINGS.nted, broad
ed Tra nd striped ribbons are worn as
-rush rs nd btmelt The Persianf
t cashmeress 'trimmings are greatly worn
the this season, which 'gives encourage- a
ment to those malsongo user gowns The
red trimmings place verof a box striking and bril- o
thint andw a little of them sometimes is
it as much as a conservative dresser can
eel wear. The net bands, bearing flowers
isbutt and scrolls in coored, jet ad gold
spangles, are the newest o Then there
!are satin ribbons, plain and printed,
covered and bordered with spangles of ii
of every shade, and enallomeledns from thetings
y width ofaPersingle row of overlapping dull
n- spangles in plain or iridescent olor- Dreden
. ings.tt Piare goods in gablouses and chi-ot
ýed fons are also spangled in patterns snd
in spangles and beads for galloons and
shaped pieces.. Of the latter there are
many and the prettiest nearly cover
U the front of the 'corsage, with long
sr- fringe effects. Fancy printed, brocad
ed and striped ribbons are wbron as
ad crush collars and' belta The Persian
ad caslhmere ribbons are lovely on dark
PEs gownTRY IN They are also usARMY.ed down the
st el front in place of a box plait and on
Lp- this will beset three large handsome
buttons in diamond, pearl, ruby, etc, asked
isan effectser, which are ahil of Rhinestones
a Cut steel button are also showey and
s tiarls surroned by the hinestoneing Jet
pr, is mingled with the soldiers sobrillants, also
ther komanew nor pearls and enameled settings
in Perettyian coloarply Many small dull
bemegold buttons are used on -thailor-made im
Ssuitr absurdities of ature paimentald Dresdeantry
preside button are worn on bloses and coant
it basques for ornament butot not for use.
to Bronze buttons set with cut steel are
handsome on the fashionable browneceived
Sing an opinion in VOsuch trivial lan
0 PE.DANTRY I amended the de-ARMY
feet by suggesting that she tlbpe was
ractured." and was complimented for
the atis madetory loeedit y of my report.
so early aition agdeles that in Indich a fair b
Ss board recorded behind you and so promising a i
the oeler, whose chief defect was a .
The ~enerl, in-ge ral concerning the ,
st bak the pr ings fnew nor rcared, and of coue, I
whe prepon the boarpld reprimanded its
port. h became so disgeslephant ith tisl ad andim
U mellar wordities "-oBlrelimentalpekwood's Mantr
a that I sent in my papers. Once,as P
president of a board to reporton an
Sacciden nt to themo, Isimp shtated
that 'the leg was broken,' and received
Sg oage. Thereupon I ameaded thede
fernactud,'and was complimeontedfor si
e the satisfactory lucidity of my report. B
- yo~luhavent the lash alga ofapui
I- eitisi' I-.
e. ~ .
a n w blame Ia e pagr toe a the _
I Jau rI .i o no bee anre autd ea oiie
e| rea+toji_.p toet d th t 1 t srnl
Wii ,,.je're tall.- dote love. +- J
-N. . YhsPsbka~iý}aio Wn a. LReorder
"Awa tiha t she jemembered 'inhen
SAs athe , ss come al oe up, was
SUl_esprt, Pa., iroan . s, l .
we're .oen'to hav genuine no. in
ar township next year.' 'What oa it
ie "Yo sWe're Doistear he oun th saime
SethSut any Midway e lWiszt into u."
Cnour', o zclranrmodTo (aio higholy o
SWashingtoan Sta or.e
Forar same man does the Dorld g,
As theseasons come sd-goo;
P B egrew profane at summer
at does the lsame itove s snow.
- -. aY. shigeon Star.
.& --·phey_ tell me_.yore mnostmemt
No.wStT.+ ey R ,-mp_5isg . overe;lb . HOW
ms and your sister are about toohe same to
f eso;, and you look exactoon like. Twins,
"oAan wdld he owe mee*he ous-in
Shen youhe asked the visitor. "'Coursey.
not!" e xclaimed Tommy h it P ndt of mat
l.a atuI mblla Bor It loosjis st
Tatladhcasn-bA e whtised It booke to
All ofr Winrs abover--'t
r Intendedver since the .world begs. eer
- We've Islio n nato love o.
--*Bel.don. or .Y. L ecorder.
tA -"Tbey ta.-i--l me your end d ou
--ewith Charley Gumbto cgha is my co Hotumew
did it happent" sorri-ooIt Noi Girlat
yserys. The fact ~ho oa too.1r tohe
kepr thaothers al Bostno eoTranscript:
mlsqsexpeture, b. orre portto.ml
Evxonar time o youl" I am reminded of
s Herr oumm-- el" eH you're lood this me
h edO."-Fiegende Blaetier. -
morning, Jirso" "nJo he said he remembere
nyvou hate be was a iy."-Lfe.
f"Hr a man who owes me thatve pondrtrait of Miss
CSome..n--C'sn dby o n fnlinement
Dawins by e us ony se oron it y.ustomksust
thought it looked more like ane od maid."-l
Harper's Baaer.
i----------Pack
rThat loau nd thhasn't beenh t eltionoks to
mle orather largone for a ton. 'Driver-" 'Taint
intendored fora ton. It's to llns." Dealer-
t-"Beg pardon. Go ahead."-Tit.eits.
"A man i a lhe-" lounder stand your
part in the newpa I is very diffict.e" ohme
thirteen t ime."Brooklyn Life.
ois a ronuMisotrones ( seve rel-How
"A(innooently)-I guess o forgot to telleclined
an-sqa wat- is mea:t expect to.
"How are you goin" "Goomething ybr woul
'That'd be no, esguise."-Yonkersd the notes
m ian.s mor and improvemen and
dsmorning o perJigson I"l enjgsoymens; have
neverightly ed. The in msy life. I'mwho lookinge bet
tor tha man who others ad enjoy life more, wunds.-ith
Clesso expenditre,-"Can by anmore pgemptl
adtring o the world's bnst" Clerk-"Yes to
iheds of youpha g us any security." uwill atestome
the vangive yo heithe name of the pre girl'sqid
an theform most .c"-utable and elsa
--t to the anstd that he washing a rendtionrly
"tire borrowed one doar from me almostem,
bpellin eold heaad introduce nd myaleve."-Chicago
.tperd-nently euringconstllsion.
Weat wisth thea kiss" her lover sighedi.a
'Tirof a onjun beose It acs on the ided,
e "And cannot be declined.thot
enTacuzn- tem and what is meant by keep-m
in the Sabbath ho"in n bottles bu-"t i mean
t means toby think of somethi Fig you would
oBrings comfort andme im printed on eanerd
rightly used The many who live bet-s
nter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
toast bread
and keep it dry. There'll be no danger of its molding.
But moisten the bread with water, and see the result,
in a short time it is covered with mold. It is just so
.with consumption. Its germs will not grow in the
lungs unles. everything is suitable to them. Weak
ness, poor blood, loss of appetite, coughs and colds
often prepare the ground for thedevelopment of the
germs of consumption. To destroy germ-life the sys
tem must be kept in a well-nourished condition. Do
not lose flesll. Take Scott's Emuslo
with hypophosphites, as ' S _-muIsIOn,
a prevenitive. It furnishes the reinforcements neccs
sary for the body to conquer in the easiest possible
form ae oil is in a .state quickly taken up and rap.
:idly t sfotied into the organs and tissues.,
-i t - awtoa sib t
`tell all about it and of lots ci
seed for gasient annd f ar Ups
earliest vegetables $10.
IF YOU wUL CUT sills OUT A sam
it with 18o. stamps to John A. Salasi
La Crosse, Wis., you will geit free Mla
eatalogue and a peokage of yellow wa
termelon sensation. (uL)
Tae isuaneoe of custom Is incalculable;
dre, s boy as amen, and be wil_ a once
? ge his coneMptlon of bimsslf.-5. 51.
hosts Ae Pale sad Shadowy,
Bay those who profes to have Intsrvsiewed
them. Whether spooks are tallow-faced or
nao mortals are whose blood is thin and
watery in consequence of imptsrfet aseimi
Ration ha. When vid rsor to HostLtter's
Stomach Sitters, and use that unequpallsd
toulo persistently, they soon "iup" in
stnith, Basin end color. It should be
used als to prvet malarll, rheumati
and kidney complaints, nd to rsmsdy con
stilpation, slckhc~dach. id nervousness.
To~ms--"I sha mister can you tell me
(-o) wheres t Bh aee e I am an - ir
Be sure tobri
and no other. forn i
t la
"-e I -•
10 CENTS
a
8othi . o 4e, 0, lp 58 a ihs i high. Qut it. Write or ull i t .
UNION FENCE COMPANY, DE onlA br,
The N. K. ar Neighbor's
Wife
CLAIRETTES
Saps it saves time-saves money-makes overwork
sexy. Tell your wife about it. ' Your groceeUlls it.
Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, St to
SECURE A P0
WANTED. woroik o
every Poat in lthe onh
or Seftleman. TLose frOm thi c it '
rrprc~ gpatlramot
ýq la, from Chal acelsaf
oflioa ork.~~aao
enterprise tstron en b d"
dress i. 0. Uox .112N
BrMenasom this paper. . -T
RLER:
AWLICAYJIIIn
GAY
S .
oiPý
l iI,
i. Y·
ý ý
t{
d~iiý .ir ýýý ý
ý,. ý m
.ý ·~··r~:,? _~c-