i. + t :c . · -·~~
sLp& FAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAY.TTE, LA., SATURDAY, JUNE 10, 1893. NUMBER 14.
NOT A BOSTON GIRL.
3 aal the letter, write her name
It's-ery dear tome
4n4 theas add, beneath th sam
Two ltess-- and B.
Ssee you smile in quick disdaisa
Yea think of glasses, too.
Ad4 little cuarls. It's- ery plain
What "I.B.D " means to you
But she is neither stern nor cold,
As xuon perhaps may think.
She's ybung and fair. not grim and ote
Nor does she scatter inki
an notes of lessons that are sai
Befomg learned class:
And fro her dainty lips of red
No long orations pass.
the oily studies that she reads
Are letters that I write.
S- 41'hinpoly lectures that she heeds
Are those that I indite.
You wonder how it all may he,
S And do not understand?
- She lies in Baltimore. -Md."
Moains, simply. "Maryland. "
" -James G. Durdett, in Century.
A SHOOTING MATCIL
Story of the Afe Afirs of Mary,
Hen and Dan'L
'I ain't much on the s, now,"
esaid the old man, as he tenl y hung
his squirrel rifle on the deerhorn hooks
Sover te do&, "but when I waes a young
- -ster there wan't no man or boy in Poor
,Fork Valley that could shoot alongside
of me. Nary a one." and the old man
sighed heavily. "But," he continued,
"this gittin' old knocks the edge off a
' hMan's eyesight, and makes his hand
i'so tmiblpbly tat he can't even take a
drink'of liqugr withoutna gn' Uslf of
it; and as fev shootin' us old fellers
might as well try to hit cea' with a
maul ta hundred yards."
Tye visitor, to whom this conversa
tion-was addressed, made a few desul
"terry and incongruous remarks, and the
old man resumed his talk, pretty much
as it nothing at all had been said,which
it was mostly. .
"I never got beat but once." he went
on, With a good-humored reminiscent
chuele "and that was by a feller that
hadn't buse enough skeercely to go in
out of ' rain. Leastways that's what
I thougfit when the match come off.
He didn't live in my neighborhood, but
he had a farm abouttwenty-mile furder
up the Fork, and I had a habit of goin'
up thar to see a mighty likely gal, that
was darter to the man that owned the
place next to the chap that beat me at
the shootin'. The old man's name was
Squire Higgins, and the gal's name was
Mary. Mary's a purty name, and Mary
was a purty gal. Nothin' on the 'ork
was apatchin' to that gal, and I wanted
her bad enough to go up thar sparkin'
about twict a week durin' of a mighty
hayd& winter, when it was cold enough
to freeze the knobeff a bureau. Mary
IInder iked me, too. Liked me better
in' any of the other young fellers that
was hangin' round, exceptin'" Ben
Wilkins, and it was neck and neck be
twixt ino and Ben. Ben was her neigh
bor, and the same feller I had the shoot
in' match with. I never could see how
she stuck to Ben, he was so doggoned
freckled-faced and suann-burnt and sandy
headed and Ignorant-like and fooler
than Thompson's colt, but you can't
tell about a woman, and thar wasn't no
goin' back on the solemn fact, that et
Ben didn't git'but of my way I was
never goin' to git the gal, and it was
most nigh as certain that ef somethin'
didn't happen to me, Ben wasn't goin'
to git her neither. It was close runnin',
mister, and the gal settin' on the fence,
aggin' us on. That's another weakness
woman has; I mean these young women
that has her choice, like Mary Higgins.
Wan't no danger of her fillin' a maid
en's grave, even ef me and Ben both got
put out of the way.
"One mornin' when I was on the road
leadin' up the Fork, towards Squire
Higgins' farm, I met Ben comin' down
with a load of hay, and I'd been goin'
to see Mary then for mighty nigh a
year.
"'Howdy, ,Ben?' said I, friendly
enough.
"'Howdy', Dan'l,' said he to me.
"'Fair to middlin',' says I.
" 'Goin' up to the squire's, I reckon?'
says he, questionin'.
" 'That's what,' says I, speakin' as if
I had the rights to:
" 'Mary ain't home,' says he.
"'Who said anything about Mary?'
says I, gittin' red 'round the years
"'The way you're go'in',' says he,
with a grin.
"'What's that to you?' says I, not
over polite, I reckon.
" 'Ngthin',' says he; 'but of you want
toseehe,' yQu'd better go down to
mbther's. Ire's down thar to a quilt
in'.'
"Ben grinned again and I got purty
mad, but not enough to hurt anybody,
- and says I to him:*
"' Ben Wilkins,' says I, 'have you got
a gun?'
" You don't wantto fight, do you?'
says he. backin' off kinder, fer I
thought he was skeert, and mebbe he
was.
" 'No,' says I; 'but I want Mary Big
ginSJ
" 'So do I,' says he.
"Then it cleared up a bit, and we both
looked at each other sorter sheepish and
grinned, fer before this we hadn't ever
had no understandin'.
" 'Now as we know what we want,'
says I, 'wegrter have it settled on short
notice whers to git it, alt ef you air
agreeable we'll settle it to the satisfac
tion of all parties at intrust, as the
lawyers-say.'
.".'How?' says he.
" 'We can't both have her, kin we?'
says I.
" 'Not accordin'-to law,' says he.
" 'Ncr no way,' says I.
" 1 reckon not,' says he.
" 'Then s'posin' we have a shootin'
match fer her.' says I.
"'I ain't agreeable to that,' says he.
" 'Fer why?' says I.
" 'You air handier than me with a
gun,' says he.
"'Somue mebbe,' says I, 'umble
enough, 'but I'll give you twenty-five
yards advantage, and that'll about
make l*even.' -
"Well, after teiain' fes half- an honr
sew'man. mo Ax4 uP sbmana'* meatoIm
UiLt day, on Ben 'irm, ter he was
ikeert to go anywheres else, and I rid
back home, and next forenoon I was on
hand feelin' as slack as a whistle, for I
was gamblin' on gittin' Mary. Nobody
was to know anything about our settle
mint, and when I seed Ben, he was set
tin' on the fence, about a quarter of a
mile from his house, with his gun
acrost his lap, lookin' lonesomer than a
cat in a rainstorm. Thar was an old
frame barn standin' by itself in the
field, and we went over to it to have a
quiet place for the closin' arrange
ments. It had a pile of loose straw in
it, and as we sot thar talkin', I seed a
knot-hole in the plank about two
inches acrost, and I sat him et it
wouldn't make a good enough mark
with the straw inside to ketch the bul
lets. You see I was doin' the most of
the engineerin', fer Ben was that shook
up he didn't seem to know his head
from a hole in the ground. ie said he
thought the kg hole would do, so we
went outside ann it was like as ef it
had been put thar a purpose.
"We stepped off a hundred yards fijast,
and druv-a pin down, and then went on
twenty-five yards and druv another,
and me and Ben toolur places. We
was to shoot tdh tii piece, me five
na afi1 turn` out, and neither of
to go nigh the other to fiustrate
him during the shootin'. t'was feelin'
in regular shootin' trim, and when I
shot my five I Icnared Ben was goin' to
have to do some mighty tall shoodn' 'er
lose the gal. We went to the mark to
gether and pegged up three holes, not
half an inch from the knothole, and two
bullets had gone smack through, leavin'
no sign.
"Then B ebhe took his turn,-and Iwas
shore I seenhim shake when he sighted
his gun, but he shot off his five, and we
went up to see what', ad done-and
what do you think, mister? There
wasn't the sign of a bullet hole any
wheresl
"I looked at Ben and he looked at
me.
"'You ain't shootin' very spry to
day,' says he, grinnin'.
"'You air,' says I, lookin' ugly and
feelin' my holts on Mary slippin'.
"Next round I was dead sot on doin'
my level best and I put three balls
through the hole and scraped the edges
with the other two.
"Ben was lookin' peakid, and I seed
his knees wabblin', but he braced up
and went back to settle who should
have the gal, and it 'peared to me like
as if he was takin' till Christmas to fire
them five shots. He got it done at last,
though, and we walked up to the mark
kinder unsartin, both of us, but thar
wasn't any need of it."
"Did you win?" broke in the visitor,
in a high state of excitement and in
terest.
"Nary win, mister," chuckled the old
man. "That sandy-headed, thumb
headed cuss had sent every one of his
five bullets smack through the knot
hole and thar wasn't the sign of a
scratch anywheres in sight.
"That ended it fer me, both fer shoot
in' and fer the gal, and I rid home feel
in' like a saw log had fell on me butt
end fo'most, and Beh-went lopin' acrost
the field tor'ds Squire Higgins'.
"About a month after the shootin'
match lien ana Mary was hitched and I
was to the hitchin' feelin' a good deal
pearter than I did the day Ben beat me,
an' gettin' some consolation out of a
new gal, jist moved onto the Fork. But
I couldn't quite git over Ben's beatin'
me shootin'.
"Along about midnight, I had to go
home, and as I started to git on my
hoss, Mary followed me out on the
porch.
"'Dan'l,' says she, kinder cooin' and
soft like, 'you won't git mad at me eof
tell you somethin', will you?'
" Of course not, Mary,' says I. 'Notlr
in' you could say er do would make me
mad at you.'
"'Well, then, Dan'l,' says she, shakin'
some, fer I was holdin' her hand and
knowed, 'when you and Ben had that
shootin' match fer me, Ben didn't have
no bullets in his gun. They was just
wads.'
"WVell, sir, you could a-knocked me
down with a splinter, and I got hot all
over, but I shet my jaws down hard
fer a minute and held in, thinkin' about
them wads.
"'And he didn't beat me shootin',
after all?' says I, feelin' mighty good
over it, all at once.
"'No, he didn't,' says she, pattin' me
on the arm like as of she was my
mother.
"'But he got you,' says 1, droppin'
back a peg er two.
"'Yes,' says she, 'but I put him up to
it, Dan'l.'
"Then she smiled till I thought the
sun was raisin', and I throwed my arms
right'round her and says I:
"'Mary,' says I, 'you've got more
sense than Ben and me put together,
pertickerly me, and I'm glad you've got
the one you wanted,' and with that I
jumped on my hoss and rid lickety split
fer home, and when I got thar I jist
hugged that rifle of mine as ef it had
been Mary Higgins."
* *** * *
"Dan'1," called the old man's wife
from the kitchen at this point, "sup
per's ready."
"So air we, Lizzie," he said, rising.
The visitor looked at him inquiringly
as he rose to accompany him supper
ward.
"Yes," smiled the old man, "she's the
same that was the new gal on the Fork
the night Mary and Ben got hitched."
IV. J. Lampton, in Detroit Free Press.
AwfuI Loneliness of the P3.1...
Midocean is not more lonesome than
the plains; nor night so gloomy as that
dumb aunlight. It is barren of sound.
The brown grass is knee-deep-and
even that trifle gives a shock, in this
hoof-obliterated land. The band of
antelope that drift, like cloud shadows,
across the dun landscape suggest less
of life than of the supernatural. The
spell of the plain is a wondrous thing.
At first it fascinates Then It boe
wilder. At last it crushes. It is as
sure as the grave-and worse. It is in
tangible but resistless; stronger than
hope, reason, will-stronger than hn
manity. When we cannot otherwise
easape the plains, one takes reftge in
medaeadau-. P, Luammi. Sn Usvrlbmsw
A PRACTICAL DRESG
valuabbi.
It Is Neat as Well as Hy
We Domee Are Needed, Hea toer the Pure
Nose ot Stretching Seams, aus
Seams Show-How the Gown
Is Fltted.
Miss Annie B. Tabor, of the Battle
Creek sanitarium, of whose improved
divided skirt we gave cut with descrip
tion, a short time ago, has recently per
fected a woman's working droess which
is at once so neat, so comfortable, so
convenient and altogether so bygenical
ly valuable, that we take great pleasure
in calling the attention of our readers
to it. The costume is composed of three
pieces; the adjustable two-seamed dress.,
the jacket and the improved divided
skirt. The first may be arranged for
either outdoor or indoor wear, and re
THU INDOOR COSTUME.
quires three pieces to complete it; the
dress proper, the guimpe, and the jacket.
The dress proper has a seam under
each arm and two (or four) small darts
to shape the front lining, the outside
being left fulL Both outside and lin
i4 are gathered to fit the neck in
front. The shoulders are cut very short,
thus giving perfect freedom to the arm.
The skirt may be either gored or full,
and the dress may open at the front,
back, or side, as desired. The jacket
which completes the outdoor costume
has but two seams, It may scarcely be
said that no bones are use in this dress,
none being needed, even for the purpose
of stretching seams, as no seams show.
The indoor costume is here shown-a
guimpe made of some soft material,
with simple sleeves, and yoke. Dress
proper and jacket can be made of four
and one-third yards of fifty-two-inch
goods. The guimpe is made of one and
one-half yards of twenty-two-inch silk.
One advantage of this suit is that ladies
doing their own housework, or school
girls boarding themselves, may don a
long-sleeved apron over it while at
work, which can be removedr a mo
ment, and the jacket put on, when the
individual is at once presentable. The
suit is becoming alike to stout and to
thin persons.
The two-seamed gown form can be
draped upon the same as upon any
other gown form. Sleeves can be fitted
into this kind of body just as in a body
with many seams. In draping, there
need be no waist line, neither is there
any real need of s'a cord to finish the
waist; however, if we do wake a waist
line, it should be distinct.
In case the figure be a difficult one to
fit, a seam taken in the back will ar
range for those shoulders which so
droop or round that a straight body
will not set well.-Good Health.
TABLE ETIQUETTE.
A HOsT should not stand while carv
ing.
No ARGTUMENTATIVE or in any way un
pleasant topic should be broached at
the table.
THEEan should be no difference in
"company manners" and those in daily
use.
THE napkin is not folded, but is sim
ply crushed and laid beside the plate on
rising.
COFFEE may be served at any time
during breakfast, but should come at
the end of dinner.
Do NOT overload the plate of a guest,
or press upon anyone that which they
have once declined.
REMEMBER the maxim of Confucius:
"Eat at your own table as you would
eat at the table of the king."
NEVER say or do, Or countenance in
others the saying or doing of, anything
rude or impolite at the table.
N1EVER notice or comment upon an
accident, but render unobtrusively
any assistance which may be necessary
and proper.
TaE side of the spoon is to be placed
to the mouth, except in the case of a
man wearing a mustache, when the
point of the spoon leads the way.
WHEar wine is served at dinner, it
may be declined without breach of cour
tesy, and should no more than any other
article be pressed upon the guest.
TEACM the children to eat at the table
with their elders, and to do it in a dig
nified manner. It is impossible to fore
tell what moment may require them to
exemplify their home training.
LETTEEs, newspapers or books should
never be brought to the table; though
a very important message may be re
ceived and attended to, permission be
Lug asked of the hostess.-Mrs. Minerva
Van Wyck, in Good Housekeeping.
A Veteran.
Bhe-"You're awfully young to be
called colonel."
He-"Well, rye been in eighteen en
gagements, and the girl and I fought
Uke the deuce in every one."-Vogue.
An Original Girl.
Skidd-Wben you proposed, I suppose
she said: "This is sudden!"
Spatta-No; she only remarked: "You
might have had me a year ago, Goeorga"
"-PsDmorest's Nagasinu
I.LAURATE DRAPING.
Why Heavy Pereres Sahoeol Be Dis
eardei Ia aSummer.
It Is the fault of many of our rooms
that they are overdraped. especially in
summer. It should be the rule m coun
houses, as it is in the city, to dis
peanse with all heavy portieres and thick
hnagings in summer, not only because
o4 jhs and files, that are liable to
ruahay delicate materials, but be
caspeauch hangings are superfluous in
summer. In winter the portieres and
heavy curtains serve to keep out the
cold as well as to furnish the room and
make it look luxurious and warm. In
the summer it is desirable to catch
every breeze, and it is also desirable to
have the rooms look cool and airy.
Light muplin curtains of the simplest
kind are the draperies needed. Elab
orate lace curtains seem out of place,
and all wooles. or heavy tapestries are
certainly u table or the surround
lngs. A semi-transparent portiere or a
han of netting is sometimes sub
stituiFfor the curtains of the large
door between parlors, a space which is
likely to look bare if left entirely with
out drapery. It is a matter of doubt
whether bed-bangings of every kind
had better be dispensed with or not
Certainly the half bed-tester now used
does not shut out air, but it is some
what elaborate and liable to catch dust
in summer, and for that reason it had
better be done away with for the time.
The curtains of a 'cmer bedroom
should be simple shades if the room is
small, or sash curtains that soften the
light but are raised with theis sash and
do not shut out any air. The most in
telligent physicians tell us thae nothing
is more unwholesome than stuffy
draperies in a sleeping-room, where
they are liable to hold impurities that
exist in the atmosphere, and thus be
come the breeding place of disease.
The same is true of cushions and all up
holstered furniture. Such cushions
should be covered with some washable
material so their freshness may be re
peatedly renewed.-N. Y. Tribune.
JAPANESE PENWIPER.
A Curious Trifle Whose Msaking equires
But Little Work.
A novel penwiper may be made with
a small Japanese doll and a little cloth.
The doll is fastened by the feet with a
narrow strip of cloth to a standard
formed of thin wood or strong paste
board,covered with clothorpainted. The
trousers are formed of two straight see
tiops of black silk, caught about the
legs with yellow ribbons, so as to form
-4'
frillp at the edges, and are gathered
about the waist The shawl is formed
of a triangular strip of yellow cloth
with the corners cut off and the edges
Iunevenly notched, and is trimmed with
two bias bands of black velvet. Six
circular pieces are cut from yellow
I cloth, folded so as to form quarter cir
cles and fastened firmly at the corners
across the front and sides of the doll at
the waist. A belt of black velvet is
fastened about the waist, its ends being
hidden at the back by a bow of the
cloth with notched edges. A patch of
the cloth is fastened to the head, as il
lustrated.
The Woman of Gentle Heart.
The woman with a loving heart is
sure to look upon the bright side of life,
and by her example induces others to
do so. She sees a good rea on for all
the unwelcome events which others call
bad luck. She believes in silver linings,
and likes to point them out to others.
A week of rain or fog, an avalanche of
unexpected guests, a dishonest servant,
an unbecoming bonnet, or any other of
the thousand minor inflictions of every
day life, have no power to disturb the
deep calm of her soul. The love light
is still in her eyes, whether the days be
dark or bright. It is she who conquers
the grim old uncle and the dyspeptic
aunt. The crossest baby reaches out
its arms to her, and lwcomforted. Old
people and strangers always ask the
way of her in the crowded street. She
has a good word to say for the man or
woman whois under the world's ban of
reproach. Gossip pains her, and she
never voluntarily listens to it. Her
gentle heart helps her to see the reason
I for every poor sinner's misstep, and
condones every fault. She might not
serve with acceptance on the iudge's
bench, but she is a very agreeable per
son to know.-Harper's Bazar.
Preparatlons.
He-What have you got all these
brass rails along the edge of the sofa
for?
I She-Papa had them put in. I told
him, dear, that you had spoken at lIst.
-Detroit Free Press.
Couldn't Trot In Bier Class.
"Wcill you elope with imel"
"What is your income?"
"Three thousand a year."
"No, Harold. If you had five thou'
sand I would.-Washington Star.
A Diasovery.
"I've found out two things about
tonghes," Jack said. "They're made to
talk with at home and to keep still with
at school."-Harper's Young People.
The Attrastlea.
Miss Nugget-Would you have loved
me had I been poor?
Mr. Argonaut-I should never have
known you, darlingl-Puck.
A guery.
"Papa," said Willie, "if a fy's Isteae
had a little baby fly, would that fy be
ia ant?"' ..spiO's Uonag Peo8pi
THE FARM KITCHEN.
!3 Shou Alwayrs Be Liberally
Supplied with eoo.
Dpigtsons for Makins a Servieable 8e
frgerator at Home-Just as Good
as the More Ornamental
Store Goods.
As farmers appreciate more and more
the value of ice on the farm and desire
to make it a kitchen economy as well,
they learn the great value in both sum
mer and winter, gf a good icebox or re
frigerator. Dealers do not hesitate to
ask from twenty to-fifty dollars for a
size sufficient for a farmer's family, and
of neat external appearance. But any
farm hand of verage skill with earpen
I.
ne. 1.-CROSS BsCTIO or REWRIxGEnATOB.
ter's tools can make one during a stormy
day or two in winter. Many suppose it
to be necessary to line the entire article
of furniture with zinc, but this is an
error. Only the tank for* the ice need
be of metal, and this must be water
tight, with a tube at the bottom for
draining off the water as the ice melts.
It is the only expensive part of the re
frigerator. Any tinner will make it
for two to five dollars, according to size
required.
The chief essential in a refrigerator
Ls air spaces or non-conductive packing
to prevent absorption of heatrom the
air of the room in which it stands. A
tight box of the required dimensions is
neatly lined with three-inch Georgia
pine matched, a three-inch space being
left between box and lining and filled
with powdered charcoal. The lined
box is then covered with the same
wood, or with ash or maple if one pre
fer. An air space of an inch or an inch
and a half should be left between the
box and covering. Fig. 1 shows a cross
section of such a refrigerator, the space,
the packing, and how the ice tank is
held in place. Placed at the top, because
this is the best position for the ice, in.
asmuch as cold air descends just as fast
as heated air rises, the tank is held up
by two brackets on each side of the in.
terior of the refrigerator. The top of
the tank is put between two boards of
the lining before they are nailed and
firmly fastened. A false bottom pre
vents the ice from injuring the zinc,
and permits free drainage. Two or
more shelves are put below the ice re
ceptacle to hold whatever is to be kept
cold.
It an especially fancy cover be de
shired it can be made in panels as seen in
Fig. 2, using walnut or some pretty
wood in quarter-inch veneer, attaching
it with small brads, and covering the
counter-sunk heads with putty, colored
to match. This wood can be bought al
ready planed and polished at eight to
fifteen cents per square foot. Such a
piece of work if nailed, instead of being
put together with screws, which are
FI. 2.--OMEMa)A REFIUGERATOR
CLOSED.
preferable, must be fastened in a
thoroughly strong manner so it will
not warp. If it should become musty,
as unventilated refrigerators are likely
to do in warm weather, it should be
tumigated. Nothing is more useful for
this work than an ounce of sulphur
and a live coal in an iron vessel closed
within the lower compartment. The
inside should be thoroughly washed
with soap and hot water at least once a
week. A galvanijed iron, pail or basin
should be placed under the drainage
tube which constantly carries away the
water which would melt the ice rapidly
if-allowed to remain. Wrapping the ice
with newspapers will prevent too rapid
melting in very warm weather. This
homemade refrigerator will soon save
its cost in the food it preserves from do.
eay. to say nothing of the deliciousness
of iced foods and drinks.--American
Agriculturist
saltede Almonds.
Blanch them by throwing boiling
water over them, and then, after they
have stood two minutes, putting them
in cold water and rnbbing the brown
skins off with the hand ora roughcloth.
After blancbing, let them dry thor.
oughly. then sprinkle olive oil over
them, may a teaspoonful to every half
pint, and let them stand two hours,
then sprinkle salt over them, mixing
thoroughly with a spoon. Spread them
out on a clean pan and place in a quick
oven for ten or ffiteen minutes, until
they become crisp and in color a do
licious brown. They should be stirred
oanes or twice while ia the ovaan
KEEPING UP THE FIGHlT.
the arrison and .eElnle CombinaUslm
Still Hoping.
Two eminent advocates of republican
ismr and high tariff are reported by the
republican papers as having recently
made stirring appeals to their followers.
One of them is the late president of the
United States, Mr. Benjamin Harrison,
whose vewvs are said to have been
packed into the single phrase: "Keep
on fighting." The other is the late
chairman of the ways and means com
mittee of the house of representatives,
and the responsible author of the present
tariff law, Gov. McKinley, of Ohio. H.
is reported to have used language sin
gularly that of Mr. Harrison, borrow
ing Mr. Lincoln's famous declaration:
"This fight must go on." These asser
tions we accept with gratification.
They indicate a spirit that is not only
creditable to their authors and consis
tent with the known courage and reso
lution of these gentlemen and states
men, but one that is also essential to
the evolution of a sound policy of gov
ernment for a free people under repre
sentative institutions. Both Mr. Har
rison and Mr. McKinley have within
the past year gone through experiences
that might well chill their fervor and
deaden any personal ambition by which
they were animated.
Mr. Harrison, after four years in the
chief executive office, and after a vic
tory over powerful rivals in the nomi
nating convention of his party, was de
feated in the election by the democratic
candidate whom he had defeated four
years before, and this in a manner so
decisive that it might well have dis
couraged him as to the possibility of his
party's return to power in this genera
tion. Mr. McKinley, du " the ses
sion of congress in which tariff law
that bears his name was debated and
passed, enjoyed a prominence and exer
cised a degree of power rarely achieved
by any representative. He became the
logical candidate of his party as a suc
cessor to Mr. Harrison, and when he al
lowed his name to be presentedIto the
convention it was natural that he
should have expected to see it accepted
by the majority of that body. He was
disappointed in that expectation. He
then gave his utmost efforts to secure
the election of the successful nominee,
feeling that the real issue in the can
vass had been made by him and that
his standing with the country was as
directly involved as that of Mr. Harri
son, if not more so. The crushing de
feat that followed at the polls fell with
peculiar weight upon him. But now,
it seems, he is not less ready than his
party and rival to continue the strug
gle. We trust that both of them are
very much in earnest and that they will
do everything in their power to bring
the contest to a result that will be en
tirely satisfactory to them.
But they must not forget what the
"fight" really is or what they will have
to do to accomplish their ends. It may
be said at the outset that the one thing
they must do is to convince the majority
of the American people that the deci
sion of last year was an error. So far as
Messrs. Harrison and McKinley are
concerned the decision was very simple.
They asked the people to leave the
framing and enforcing of tariff laws in
their hands, with the avowed undertak
ing that tariff taxation should not be
reduced, but should rather be increased.
That was the burden of all their pro
fessions in the late canvass. Therewas
no admission by them of any serious
faults or vices in the tariff, of any un
just advantages conferred on favored
interests, or unjust impositions upon
the great body of consumers. There
was no intimation that "trusts" had
Sbeen fostered by the tariff, or that the
party in power had been demoralized
by its independence on the money made
from special privileges granted to mo
nopolies. There was no suggestion of re
lief to manufacturers by the decrease of
duties on materials or of help for the
laboring classes by an increased for
eign demand for the products of
their labor. Now, if Messrs. Harrison
and McKinley and their party friends
really intend to ''keep on fighting" on
the lines of last year's struggle, the
people will only be more and more en
lightened as to the real nature and ef
fect of their fiscal and political policies.
That is a desirable result, and we hope
that they will not abate a jot of heart
or hope in pursuing it in their own way.
Probably, however, this would not be
the line these gentlemen would pursue.
They would be more likely to fall back
on general or specific criticism of the
party that has replaced their own in
power. That also will be heartily wel
come. We have seen how pitifully the
republican party was first misled, then
weakened and finally debauched by un
checked prosperity. We do not pretend
that the democratic party can be
trusted forever with power. We shall
be heartily glad to see it subjected to
the most searching examination of its
conduct and its motives. If it deserves
continued success, it will bear such ex
amination. If it cannot bear it, the
people will know how to take care of it.
1y ael means "keep on fighting."-N. Y.
Times.
Penslon Refbrm.
Mr. Cleveland has at last chosen a
commissioner of pensions. He has been
deliberate about filling this important
ofece, partly, we presume, that he
might not make Harrison's mistake of
appointing a Tanner in haste and re
penting at leisure, and partly, no
doubt, that he might find the right
man to carry out his pension policy.
That he has such a policy is put beyond
doubt by not only the terms .of his in
augural, but by the necessities of the
situation. Looked at from any point
of view, some thorough-going measures
of reform in the administration of the
pension business are imperatively
called for. The finances of the country
cry out for relief from the enormous
pension burdens. The honor of the old
soldiers calls for a cessation of the in
discriminate and pauperizing granting
of pensions to the undeserving or posi
tively dishonorable. Political purifica
tion demands the dismantling of the
huge political machine into which the
pension bureau has been tarastori'ed.
*-T. Y, Peak
THE MONEY QUESTION.
amaesl Masters at whaslate a smE
Kmprovias.
Every effort ought to be made that In
consistent with the safety of the b e -
neas interests of the country to pB
pone the consideration of the currency
question until after the revision of the
tariff. Secretary Carlisle is convinced
that the monetary conditions are daily
becoming more satisfactory. Gold is
coming in in adequate amounts, and al
though there have been occasional re
newals of the foreign demand for it
there seems to have come an end to any
thing approaching lack of confidence in
the treasury.
The financial authorities at Washing
ton, agreeing with Mr. Carlisle, are
hopeful that the problem can be solved
without drawing the question into the
arena of immediate political debate.
The main issue on which Mr. Cleveland
was elected was thatottha tvesR-. Th.ha .
is the issue upon which there -is most
harmony among democratic congress
men, and that is the one also in which
the people of the country are mostdeep
ly concerned.
The money question is no longer con
fined to silver coinage. It now em
braces the whole subject of our incon
gruous paper currency and involves the
entire system of banking. Moreover, it
cannot be determined without a solu
tion of the difficunlties of those communi
ties that have not proper banking facili
ties; in other words, that are not po
sessed of proper credit tokens for the -
transaction of their business.
The settlement of such problems will
require very many months of deep
study and thorough discussion. And in
the meantime it would not be fair to
the people who have demanded by an
enormous majority that they shall be
relieved from the burdens of tariff taxa
tion imposed upon them by the McKin
ley act that the reform of that act
should be postponed.
It is probable that the administration
will be able to take such steps as will
convince the country and the financial
world that a proper solution of the
monetary question will be eventually
reached, and that in the meantime
American securities will remain safe
investments. This being done, the at
tention of those who will be intrusted
with the task of reforming the tariff
will not be distracted, and the promises
made by the democracy can be fulfilled.
-N. Y. World.
CURTAILING EXPENSES.
Mreasures of Economy Adopted by the
New Administration.
Both in the treasury department and
in the department of agriculture the
democratic administration has begun
reforms that have been long needed. By
discharging the objectionable statisti
cian and with him a great many others
who have been earnestly and seriously
drawing their salaries while merely
playing at work, Secretary Morton is
doing much to redeem his department
from the odium to which it has been so
long subject that the people very gen
erally believe it as been justly called
the department of humhbug.
He has made an excellent beginning,
and if he continues his researches he
will find that there are republicans in
the department doing little or nothing,
who have held over from Arthur's time
-who rewarded democratic mag
nanimity in keeping them in by
doing all they could to get
democrats out as soon as Harri
son succeeded Cleveland. It will be a
genuine reform to get rid of such
barnacles, especially if they pretend
that they have been retained as indis
pensable, when the real reason of their
retention is that they have pulled wires
and licked boots and betrayed every
party in turn, helping the democrats to
turn out republicans and the repub
licans to turn out democrats, in hopes
that they would thus retain their own
places.
The more of these people Mr. Morton
rotates out to support themselves by
honest work the more efficient he will
make his department and the more
popular he will become with all who
believe that genuine reform means
something more than keeping repub
licans in office.-St. Louis Republic.
PARAGRAPHIC POINTERS.
-Secretary Carlisle. in ruling that
the Chinese need net be photographed
has knocked out the snap of the phc
tographer.-St. Paul Globe.
-When the present administra
tion dismisses a relative of some promi
nent republican the g. o. p. organs set
up a concerted howl. When the present
administration appoints a relative of
some prominent democrat the g. o. p.
organs also set up a concerted howl. In
the former case they call it "spoils." In
the latter they call it "nepotism."
Louisville Courier-Journal.
-The present administration is act
ing to a greater extent than usual upon
the principle of promoting experienced
members of the consular and diplomatic
service. This is a step toward the prac
tice of other countries that enjoy the
advantage of having men trained for
the diplomatic relations which are
maintained with foreign countries.
Detroit Free Press.
-The new administration is doing
one thing for which it should receive
due credit. It is doing away with a
large number of expensive siheoures
which serve no useful purpose aA are
only feeding grounds for hungry parti
sans. Every administration fnds a lot
of house cleaning of this sort on its
hands, but in view of the extraordigagi
ly large army of famishingpatriots Be
fronting this one, it required nerve to
reduce the sie of the pie.-Minneapolis
Tribune (Rep.).
-If it afords anycomfort to repub
lican editors to think or pretent to
think that the democratic party
"shrinks from its task" of redncing the
worse than war tariff. according to its
pledges, we are not 'disposed to diy
them this consolation in defeat, Blat if
they really desire to know the truth we
will confde to themour conviction that
the pruning-knife of reform will make
such thorough work with the Mecinley
law before · 1st of January next tha'
its snnpou.Or a maomomlmawA #-