EU vr EJ. Sius
Fenner. N. Y.
Agonizing Headashes
Indigestion-Distrese in the
Stomach.
Hood's Sarsaparilla Accomplethes
Desired Results
**C. I. Hood & Co.. Lowell, Mass.:
"Dear Sirs: I gladly testify to the effacy
and curative powers of Hood's Sarsaparilla and
cheerfully state that it has done wonders for
me. For years I have been a great sufferer
from agonizing headaches and
S.Distress In the Stomach
after bating and at other times, accompanied by
sour stomach. I was very bad with indigestion
also. I noticed in different papers men
Hood'saP Cures
tion of the cures Hood's Sarsaparilla had
wrought and thought I would try it. It has
Accomplished the Desired Results.
The pain and distress in the-stomach and the
severe headache spells have been overcome as
well as my indigestion. I can now enjoy a meal
without any distress and can recommend
Hood's Sarsaparilla as one of the best of nmled
cines." ELZA E. HILLs, Penner, New York.
-Mood's Pills are purely vegetable, per.
feetly harmless, always reliable, and effcient.
Valued Indorseient
of Scott's
Emulsion
is contain
ed in let
ters from
the medi
.cal profes
sion speaking of its gratify.
ing results in their practice.
Scott's Emulsion
of cod-liver oil with Hypo
phosphites can be adminis
tered when plain oil is out of
the question. It is almost
as palatable as milk-easier
- to digest than milk.
Prepared by Seott & Bowne. . Y. wl drsggists
On the face
and back of every card of
genuine De Long7AT.
oOOKS AND EYES W1I be
found the words:
See that
hum p ?
7MOZ-mAK AK .r A. ti.
Richardson
& De Long ras.,
Philadelphia.
//
4.
I L.
SP
om away up in British North America
comes the following greeting to Dr. R. V.
Pierce Chief Consutling Physician to the
-wrvilk Hotel and Surcal Institue, at
Bqlo, N. Y. Mrs. len arrard. of
ta, Selkirk Co., Manitoba, who
with that of her little boy,
article, writes as follows:
" take great pleasure in recommending Dr.
Fierce's vorite Prescription for 'falling of
the womb.' I was troubled with bearing
dowpin and pains in my back whenever
I woId be on my feet any length of time. I
wssrecommended to try Dr. Pierco's Favorite
Presripton, which I did with happy results.
I fee ike a new person after taking three
ottles of it."
As we have just heard from the frigid
North,. we will now introduce a letter
recaived from the Sunny South. The follow
g is from Mrs. J. T. Smith, of Oakfuskee,
leberne Co., Ala. She writes : "I was
a-licted and suffered untold n and
,misery such as no pe can desrifor si
s. was confined to bed moss of the
s I expected the cold hand of death
every day. I was afflicted with leucorrhea
with excessive flowing-falling of the womb
-be-ring down sensation-pain in the small
at my back-my bowels costvesartn ,
tingand bmgurn in the voa-ina. also .p
g atrion of the et Wbsa pentkn
your medicine I could noto up, only a few
mhiutes at a time, I was so weak. I took
Dr, . Pierce's Favorite LPrecription three
ia epr dayI alsotook his 'Go Medical
D over ' three times per day and one of
S-.tr. Plea t Peletv ery night. I
beM s aiss bottles of the Do ,'*
sea btfisa o the " Prescription' and ves
bobies d-- b 'Pbles.' I took these medi
Cs seven months, regularly never missed
-ey. These meinse cured me. Ifeel as
' .s as I ever did in my life. Four a the
doctors in the landtreated my case four
They all gave me up as hopeims
.o esrld not be u and could not
gh bthe will ofGod, and your
I been restoled to the best
Yours truly,
THE WOODS, OF VALOIS.
& eer Guae i.s.rve Where. rarama
3aus orew.
Chantilly is the game-preserve of i
hunter-prince. eqnd everything about it
is ordered for the chase. Those wide
open glassy glades, studded with birch
or oaksorub, are haunted by the deer,
and in those thickets of golden broom
the heavy does prepare their nurseries.
Great, floundering, russet pheasants
some flying by; at every step a hare or
s white-tailed rabbit starts up out of
the grass. At the further end of the
forest there are deep, unsightly thick
ets of mud and thorn, left darkling
smid the trim order of, the place, for
the wild boar delights in them. As we
walk or drive down the neat-clipt ave
nues of the forest the roads appear im
passable to the traveler, andwe won
lier at the contrast between their shoals
3f sand and the careful forestry that
pares anf cuts every wilding branch of
the over-arching horn-beam roof. But
the roads are bad on purpose; every
spring they are plowed afresh, lest they
lose the lightness beloved of the horse
man.
Every May a beautiful fault frus
trates this skillful venery, for, thick as
grass, thick and sweet, the lily of the
valley springs, in all the brakes and
shady places. The scent of the game
will not lie across these miles of blos
som. The hunters are in despair and
the deer, still deafened with the win
ter's yelp of the hounds-the deer, who
sets his back against the sturdiest oak
and butts at the pack with his antlers,
who swims the lakes and from his
island refuge sells his life as hard as
he can-the deer, accustomed to be al
ways vanquished, beholds himself at
last befriended by an ally more in
vincible than water or forest oak, bjr
the sweet, innumerable white lily, in
nocent as himself, that every Maytinme
sends the huntsmen home.
The lily that saves the deer is the
consolation of poor women. Every
morhing during the brief season of its
blossom they are up before the dawn.
Holding their children by the hand,
they are off to the innermost dells of
its forest, and before pur breakfast
time they are back at the railway sta
tions of Chantilly or Creil, laden with
bunches of lilies, which they sell to the
dusty passengers bound by the morn
Chicago News.
SCIENTIFIC NOTES.
Tan island of Mauritius has been
visited with an epidemic of smallpox.
while cholera has appeared in vessels
lying in the port.
ANEGOTIATIOX8 are in hand between
the Italian and Swiss governments tc
establish telephonic communication
between MIilan. Comeo and Lugano and
other towns in Switzerland.
Jos MfATTES, of Nebraska, who is
representing the agricultural depart
ment in Europe, reports to Secretary
Morton that experiments made in Ger
many and Denmark, in utilizing corn
for brewing purposes, have been sat,
isfactory.
A NEw enemy of the vine in France
is galleyworm, or myriopod (lianiulus
gdttulatus), which has been observed
by M. Fountaine to invade the buds in
numbers ranging from five to ten on a
bud, forming balls of the size of a
small pea.
Sucu has been the growth of popula
opinion in favor of the sudden disposi.
tion of the dead by heat that there are
now in the country eighteen incorpor
ated cremation societies, and during
the past ten years about three thou
sand cremations have taken place.-N
Y. Medical Record.
Mrs. W. 0. Gunekel, of No. 1461 South
Seventh Street, Terre Haute, Indiana, writes:
" I had been suffering from womb trouble for
eight years having doctored wih the most
sl"u cians, but finding only tempo
rary relef from medicines prescribed by
them. I was advised by a friend to take
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription which I
did, and found, in taking six bottles of the
'Prescription' and two of the ' Golden
Medical Discovery,' that it has effected a
positive cure, for which words cannot ex
press my gratitude for the relief from the
great suffering that I co long endured."
Yours truly,
As a werful, invigorating, restorative
tonic " Favorite Prescription improves
digestion and nutrition thereby building up
solid, wholesome fljsh, and increasing the
strength of the whole system. As a soothing
and strengthening nervino "Favorite Pre
scription" is unequaled and is invaluable in
allygand subduing nervous excitability.
irriaityn, nervous exhaustion, nervous
prostration, neuralgia hysteria, spasms.
Chore, or St. Vitus's Dance, and other dis
tressing, nervous symptoms commonly atten
dant upon functional and organic disease of
the womb. It induces refreshing sleep and
relieves mental anxiety and despondency.
Even insanity, when dependent upon womb
disease, is cured by it. s
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription is a
scientific medicine, carefully compounded by
an experienced and skillful physician, and
adapted to woman's delicate o ganiation It
is prly vegetable in its compaosition and
e harmless in itseffects any condt
of the system. For morning sickness, or
it uýe, prove very beneficial
Dr. Pierce's Book (168 pages, illustrated)
on "Womn and HerDisesees," gvin su
cesetfl means of Home Treatment, will be
mailed ins plain envelope, securely seaed
to pa ae H HSee the Doctorb addres
mn th& ead of this article.
ARP COMING HOME
He Tell Some Rare Fish Yarns to
Keep His Hand In.
uallroads and Whisky Go Together-Bless
lags Are Not Wholly Unsalxed-The
liad Follows Closely the Good.
Eleven men in buckram suite! Does it
follow that every man with an oleangin
ons corporosity is given to seeing double
and treble like Jack Falstaff? Dr. Hint
er Cooper, of Atlanta, came here the other
day with his friend, Murphy Candler.
They have been fishiig all over the State
and wound up at Clear Water. They came
from St. Petersburg last and the doctor
alarmed us about the horrible sawfish
that he helped to catch there at the end
of the .wharf. He got excited with his
narrative as he told how, when the mon
ster was hooked, the alarm was given and
every man and boy in town ran down to
see. and after the fishermen had tangled
ropes and log chains all over it it took
every able-bodied man in town to draw it
to shl;re. "It actually weighed," said he,
"over rO5 pounds and its saw was the
most veonomous weapon I ever beheld. It
had been broken off a foot or two, but
what was left measured five feet and
eight inches." "Oh, mercy," said my
wife, "isent it awful. Girls, you must not
go in bathing any more. Every day some
body would tell about these awful crea
tures-dervil fish and sharks and sting
arees and sawlish. It is a wonder they
have not got asome of us before now."
Dr. Cooper is a first-class gentleman
and came from good, old Baptist stock.
He stands high itn his profession and in
his stockings, and is handsome and he
knows it. ,but I noticed that every time he
told a big yarn he appealed to Murphy for
confirmation. "Isent it so. Murph? You
saw that fish. I pledge you my word it
was the biggest monster I ever laid my
eyes on." "35Murph" simply nodded assent
as the doctor branched off on another
narrative. Murphy is a Presbyterian and
his official position in the Agnes Scott in
stitute is ever before him,- but still he
would not go back on his friends. es
pecially when so far away from home.
He affectionately calls the doctor "Hunt,"
and the doctor calls him ".Mrph," and
they coinctide on everything except that
31urph says Hunt plays too much croquet
with the pretty girls along the route.
and sometimttes they mliss a train by it.
which is v'ery ptrovoking. And Hutt said
that whlen ptrerty girls pursue a man it
is very had itanlnel to run away from
them.
MIy wife- rcjuarked that ntight after we
retired that shi' liked them both very
tilch, very -itlc-lh, indeed, and after a
pause she saitl it would be a right good
I':w if every handsoiLu e married man when
hr--wentl for away frontll lornu should have
to wt'ar a ribbon, onl his hat with "'family
mlan" printed on it. just as a warning to
foolish girls, you know. 1 diclent answer,
but sltoredi a little as if I heard her not.
But still I diclent altogether discredit the
sawfish story. The doctor's appeals to
Murlphy were only a cir cumstance-a
badge of fraud, as tilt lawyers say. Nev
ertheless I was jealous of St. Peters
burg.
I diclent like to have Clear Water out
done in anything-not even in monsters.
and so the next dlay I took partieultr no
tice of the doctor a hIe was fishing in the
pass. I diagnosed him. He began to play
the seven men n ltucl;ratnn suits. The
first repitable trout he caught he declared
to be a six-pounder and tried to prove it
by our hone,tst Swede. Witmnore. "Na.
na," said 1Witmore. "dat vasth vay no
more as tree pounds, but he is a vine
rish." Dr. ('onper quarreled hint- out of
:another poulind, and so they fussed about
evrcxy fish until Mr. TWitluore surrendered,
and when the doctor caught a ten-pouundter
the Swede said. "Dot iush vay more fdan
any ten pounds--hei is a fifteen-pound
vish, certain."
This suited the doctor's turn exa:ctly,
and that night he was gushing in his
praise of the honest Stifede. I hleard thtt
he overpaid hint for for his hbot and nmade
him keep it. Our cottage girls were out
with thetm that day and they aill had glo
rious sport. They caught several hun
dIred poutids of fine :sh. Our youngster
-aught the largest groulper. It w-eighed
thirty-seven pounds and was three feet
Iong. The doctor and MIr. Candler strung
the four largest on an oar and toted therm
from the dock lip to the town and the
load made them wriggle andi twist -their
legs like drunken men to the great amuse
ment of the people. They left their bur
den on the plank walk and I had to hire
a wagon to haul thlent away. After a
glorious fish sulpper they spent the even
ing with ius recolutinlg the sueal'sstes of
the day. and both declared it was the
heost tlny they had had in Florida.
On parting the ldoctor said in sotto voce.
"Now. MInjar. when you, in your letters
these glorious deedsc relate. speak of ume as
I amn--nothing extculiate. Inut .st it all
tlown ill ctolors-T have been backing you
in all your mllarvr-lolls yarns about Clear
WVnter lind t':l i do so now with more self
respect than heret-tofore. tindt if youl should
Ieed a vouchier for anything just write
It out and sign miy lalntm to it. ('lear
WRater ha;rbor is the loveliest village of
the plain. and I ,altll certainly bring my
family herre next winter. About that
croqtlet business. don't speak of it. -It
is only one of Mllurph's lllnuerous vagaries.
Io imagines that because he is a Pros
luyterinn ntd .ant't fall from grace that
tie is pirivilegetd t, tell white lies, but the
devil ise tlhe father of lies of all colors,
.ind Ilurt!il had better ie careful."
It was a goodly comtlallny that tiny, and
we wtre gri-evedi to plart with them. MIr.
('andlelr says lie wants a iiy front here
by the ides of Neoltenlltt'r.
Another week will tiril uis journeying
homeward,. and that will bring anothler
pleasure-the reunioil with kindred and
friends. The ptror, rejected and dejected
hermit was lunade to saiy:
"And what is friendahip but a name
A charm that trills to sleep.
A shade that follows wealth or fame
But leaves a wretch to weep."
That is not so. Thalnt was but the lttor
ante of bIroken-heartted love. Friendship
is a sweet. Favory reulity, and next to the
lde:rest tie on earth. There are not
many who ar:e ioutnd like Damon and
IPy.vthias. Ilut alnio-t uvery one has friends.
It is a pluasturi to believe that we have
frilends at homle who will lovingly givie
us welroltimlt. int we know there are "nity
there we will rejoice to see-to leook into
their eyes andt grasp their handsul and re
ct-ive their greetinigs. Toc i andtl friend
ship are the best treasures of life---bet
rer than fame or wealth. There are many
friends Ihere. too, new-found and new
made frietnds from whom we part not
willingly, for they have been kind and
have done so luuch to make our prolonged
visit pleasant. This is a happy little
town.
I was sitting in my daughter's pretty
little veranda this evening and counted
sir squirrels in the trees near by. I saw
a pair of quails and two rabbits in the
street as I approached the dwelling. Col.
lFrazer lives right opposite, and fhere was
an owl sitting quietly on a limb near his
veranda. A tail, venerable crane was
wading in the water at the foot of the
bluff. "This solitary bird is nearly al
ways there." said the colonel. "and when
he straightens up full length looks as
solemn as a Presbyterian preacher." No
hody dares to distutrh these pets in Clear
`ater, for it is ngainst the law. Clear
Water is certainly a peaceful little vil
ittre, for there has jiot beeni a fight nor a
Ii'.'rrcl sine. we have been here. Indleed,
•1,..t are,,good people here who favor giv
'ng up the town charter, because the ray
or and Marshal have nothing to do. But
the Tampa railroad is coming very soon,
and Tampa. whisky will find its way, -and
maybe the Mayor and Marshal will both
find business. Railroads are great bless
ings, but every good thing has some bad
mixed up with it, and Clear Water will
not escape.
In less than six months I expect to be
here again, and Mr. Jones says I shall
ride on the new road if I come by Tampa.
In the meantime, I will be at home in
Cartersvllle, and be pleased to answer
any letters about property in Clear Water.
I have already found winter homes for
several and will be glad to plant some
more. Bill Arp
IN THE ELECTRICAL WORLD.
--It is reported on good authority
that a company backed with American
capital will build a cable line connecte
ing San Francisco and Santiago.
-The Postal Telegraph Co. is to put
its St. Louis lines underground. The
Sutter conduits will be used in the
form of cement-lined iron pipe.
-The meteorological stations in Ja
pan, of which there are forty, are be
ing connected together by telephone.
Thirteen stations are already in com
m unication.
-The Paris-Lyons Railway Co. has
followed the recent lead of the Paris
Havre Co. and initiated the use of
electric locomotives for running its
trains. The former company has de
cided to abandon entirely steam as a
motive power. The express trains of
the Lyons Co. to Nice are now run by
electric engines One novel feature of
the engines is that the entire fore part
is wedge-shaped.
-The are lamp is yet to be touched
up to more perfectly uniform action,
the glow lamp is to be cheapened, al
ternating current motors are to be per
fected, electro-metallurgy is to be fos
tered and brought more generally into
commercial usefulness, conduit rail
ways must be attained, storage batte
ries or gas batteries of a permanent
type are to be designed, long-distance
transmission must come, and a host of
other kindred tasks remain. WVe are
but on the threshold of the electrical
age. -Electrical Review.
-In answer to a correspondent the
Electrical Review states that the two
basic patents on the telephone, involv
ing the method of magneto transmis
sion and the magneto receiver, have
expired, and consequently any one is
free to use the telephone to that ex
tent For long-distance swork, howev
er, the telephone business is not open
to free public use. The American Bell
Telephone Co. owns a patent issued to
Emile Berliner, November 17, 18l1,
which covers the familiar form of car
bon transmitter Such a transmitter
has always been employed in long dis
tance ivork. The magneto as ordina
rily constructed has not sufficient pow
er to transverse long distances and
give commercial talk. Some modern
types of magneto instruments have
been devised which seem to possess the
qualities for long distance use, but
such instruments are the exception and
not the rule. The Berliner patent may
be declared invalid, but until it is, it
holds good.
-In 18S the entire electric railway
mileage in the United States was only
about 4S, distributed over eight states.
At the close of last year the electric
railways comprised 61 per cent. of the
entire street railway system of the
United States, this gain being at the
expense of the horse and steam lines
The past year the mileage operated by
horse power decreased from 4,463 to
3,407 miles and that by steam 640 to 5;(1
The total street railway mileage in
creased 1,640, but the electrical rail
way mileage increased 1,517 miles,
showing an extensive conversion of
horse line into electric. About one
quarter of the mileage of the horse
railways in the United States a year
ago has been fitted for electricity.
The cable railways increased only
twelve miles during the year, thus
proving it is cheaper and more satis
factory to operate by electricity than
any other system, and in the near fu
ture, it is predicted, this system will
be a formidable competitor of the
steam railways for suburban traffic.
-The WVashington convention of the
National Blectric Light association
among other questions, paid a good
deal of attention to that of wiring, and
adopted a new set of rules in regard to
the matter. It appears, however, that
these rules conflict in several import
ant details with those of the Under
writers' International Electric associa
tion. This want of uniformity in the
two sets of rules is greatly deplored by
those in interest. The Architects'
Electrical Bulletin of New York, com
menting on this conflict of authority,
says: "It seems to us the best way to
get concurrent and accordant action
would be to resort to a conference, in
which all the regulating authorities
would be represented and at which
some universal agreement could be ar
rived at As it is, we have had the
spectacle of the National Electric Light
association copyrighting its new rules,
avowedly because various irnsurance
bodies steal and plagarize the rules,
and spoil them in the process, beside
inflicting serious hardships and inju
ries on the art. Now all this is to be
deeply regretted, especially as it should
be easily avoidable."
IT STUCK IN THE AIr.
An Actor in Wiillina Tell" Astonished at
lHis Own Perfornmance.
I remember seeing once, at a German
theater, a performance of the drama
"'William Tell" I was told by the
manager of the theater that the stage
effects in the play were extremely fine,
and that I was to wait until the scene
where Tell's splendid marksmanship
was made apparent to see something
that would astonish me. I did wait as
patiently as I could until that scene,
and I was certainly astonished.
The scene arrived where Tell was to
shoot the apple from his son's devoted
head. As I gathiered from the eloquent
occurrence, the apple andl Tell's cross
bow were connected by an invisible
wire, along which the arrow was'to
speed to the target.
At the proper cue the arrcw did
speed half way toward the apple and
there stuck, to all appearance, in mid
air! In vain did the doughty Tell
shake his bow to "joggle" the arrow to
its mark. The son of Tell looked very
frightened, and didn't know what was
happening.
The apple firmly fixed on his youth
ful cranium was bobbing about, the
audience was laughing, and the laugh
burst intr, a roar when one of Gessler's
guards took in the situation, and com
ing forward from his position at the
side of young Tell, calmly gave the re
calcitrant arrow a smart rap with his
spear, when it sped on its way and bur
led itself in the apple on the boy's
head.-ePcarson's Weekly'.
OCURO- NOTES.
Tnm numiber of conversions of Mr.
Moody's Washington revivals is put at
four thousand.
IT is estimated that twelve new
churches are dedicated on the average
every day in the year in this country.
AT a prelimihary meeting held in
London it was decided to form a Pres
byterian union, similar to the one in
New York.
Tna average wages of a laborer in
Madagascar are six cents a day. Nev
ertheless, the Madagascar Christians
contributed last year to the London
Missionary society thirty-one thousand
two hundred and forty dollars.
THERE is a Christian Endeavor soci
ety in the New York penitentiary
which has been doing a quiet but good
work for a year. Its anniversary was
recently pleasantly observed. !More
than sixahundred prisoners were pres
ent.
Bisuop TURNER is still urging the ne
groes of this country to go to Africa
and establish a nation on their ances
tral continent. A convention of three
thousand colored people was held re
cently in Birmingham, Ala., favoring
the scheme.
IN 1851 India had ninety-one thou
sand Christian converts. At present
there are two hundred and fifty thou
sand IIindoo Christians and one mil
lion adherents to Christian churches.
The number of ;converts last year was
twenty-four thousand. In the last ten
years there has been a gain of 140 per
cent.
Poon MAN'S PUDDirN.-One cupful of
sour milk, one cupful of molasses, one
half cupful of butter, one pound of
stoned raisins, two eggs, one teaspoon
ful 5of soda, nutmeg and cinnamon to
taste and flour to make as thiek as
cake. Boil four hours in a hold.
Good IIousekeeping.
Catarrih Cannot Be Cured
with LOCAL APPLrCATIos, as they cannot
ach the scat of the disease. Catarrh is a
blood or constitutional disease, and in order
to cure it you must take internal remedies.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally, and
acts directly on the blood and mucous sur
faces. Hall's Catarrh Cure is not a quack
medicine. It was prescribed by one of the
best physicians in this country for years, and
is a regular prescription. It is composed of
the best tonics known, combined with the
best blood purifiers, acting directly on the
mucous surfaces. The perfect combination
of the two ingredients is what produces such
wonderful results in curing Catarrh. Send
for testimonials, free.
F. J. CnsEv & Co., Props., Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggists. price 75c.
Hall's Family Pills, 25 cents.
"'I' so glad I lost my legs !" said the vet
eran, with a simile. "'I never have rhema
tism in my wooden ones, and on cold winter
nights I haven't anylthing to stick down un
der the arctic sheets."--Harper'S Bazar.
All in a Tremblel
Nervous, elderly ladies use this phrase to
describe their tremors, and highly graphic it
is. Nerves "all in a tremble' are best tran
quillized and strengthened with Hostetter's
Stomach B3itters. The Bitters is a nervine
because it is a tonic for the nerves, and tone
is what the nerves require if they are weak
and shak-y. Digestion and assimilation are
insured by it, and it remedies constipation,
biliousness and malaria.
"ISAY, pa," asked Freddy. '-why is it th!
when you or Uncle George tellsa story you
always get laughed at, and when I tell one I
get a lickin' -"-Buffalo Courier.
ACTOR, Vocalists, Publie- Speakers praise
Hale's Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
TrIE is infinitely long, and each day is a
vessel into which a great deal may be poured,
if we actually fill it up.-Gocthe.
LEASNINoG lath gained most bythose books
by which the printers have lost.-Thomas
Fuller.
WUHE the boss of Russia orders a thing
to be done the slave says : -'Yes, czar," and
goes and does it.-Picayune.
1
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
emnng them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gistsin 50e and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offeied.
BIUOUSNEJ, DYIPEPSIA,
SIC1K HEADACHE, WE.AK STOMACH,
DISORDERS OF THE UVER.
I have used DrOdle's Pills for many yeats iu
nay famlyr and have found them invaluable in
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCI1ST.
i. L. LYONS & CO., Proprietors,
r~esw O1~maumI X~m.
'Why not, indeed?
When the Royat Baking Powder makes
finer and more wholesome food at a less
cost, which every housekeeper familiar with
it will affirm, why not discard altogether the
old-fashioned methods of soda and sour
milk, or home-made mixture of cream of
tartar and soda, or the cheaper and inferior
baking powders, and. use it exclusively?
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 101 WALL ST., NEW-VORK.
"Is HICs' wife a nice housekeeper?" Mr.
Hacks-"Well, I should say so. Why, half
the time Hicks can't find anything that be
ongs to him."
"WERE you a bull or a bear?" asked an ac
quaintance of a speculator. "'Neither," he
rplied; "I was an ass."--Tid-Bits.
ODDLY enough the homeliest of old maids
are generally girls who were matchless in
their youth.-Buffalo Courier.
"PATTI seems to me to give an awful pile.
of farewells." "Yes, but it isn't her fault if
she's encored."--Harper's i3azar.
VUFFERERa from Coughs, Sore Throat, etc.,
should try "Brown's B-roncittci Trochle."
Lessens Pain
Insures Safety
to Life of
! .Mother and Child.
."My wife, after using 'MOTHER'S FRIEND,' passed through
the ordeal with little pain, was stronger in one hour than mn
a week after the birth of her former child.
-J. J. MCGOLDRICK, Bean Station, Tenn. o
"MOTIIERS' FRIEND " robbed pain of its terror and shortened labor.
I have the healthiest child I ever saw.-MRs. L. M. AERN, Cochran, Ga.
Sent by express, charges prepaid, on receipt of price, ls.5o per bottle.
Book "'To MOTHERS " mailed free.
Sold by All Druggists. BRADFIEL REGULATOR CO., AaeiU, Ea.
HEALTH
5WORRY
FOR ALL WOMEN WHO USE
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
SOLD EVERYWIIER3
' THE I(.FAIRBANK GOMPANYs nsT.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
OWHISKY and TOBACCO
HABITS CURED AT HOME
U IN 14 TO 28 DAYS. Remedy is perfectly safe-a child can tale it.
Nothing scvcreaotout treatment Book of particulars free. Corre
Oplm pondence STIttIC.Y Co IDENTAr Plain envelopes used. For
ihlsk y IRemedy ..... 0 0 terms, etc , address Look Box 1,000, or Memphis Keeler Institute,
Tobacco Remedy.... 5 00 Oce, 475 Poplar Street. MEMPHIS, TENN.
Unlike the Dutch Process
No Alkalies
-OR
- Other Chemicals
are used in the
preparation of
WV. BAKER & CO.'S
reakfastCocoa
wchics Is absolustely
pure oasd solubte.
1 It has morethan three tnme
the atrengtl of Cocoa mixes
Swith Starch, Arrowroot or
Sugar, and is far more eco
Sold by Grocers everLwherb
W;BAXIE & O.. Dorchester. Mm.u
S W. L. DOU-LAS S3 SHOE
equals custom work, costing from
8to $6.best value for the money
e t " n the world. Name and prie
atj.., ,. stiaped on the bottom. very
pairwarranted. Tlke nubsta.
j , ]C"iB.. ltute. See local papera-for full
Sd escription of our complete
lines for ladies and geen.
ýI tlemen or send for NI.
hasirated Cotatlegu
_iving in.
S-tr"s strnuetions
LAIRS? 513. how too.
erby mail. Postage free. Yeou can get thebest
bargains of dealers who plsh our shoes.
$ Eoo o
I lnckeri ienmatlo tire. Wamoted e
a toany bicyle built, regardless of plce. Cats.
Ire. Agnts wanted in overy town.
Indiana Bicylol Co., No.10 Z102 St., ndiaa Ind.
*GENuINE NERVE.-Tailor-"Whenf are yO
going to pay for that overcoat'?" ID e
"Really ,my--" Tsilor-"NoNW, look here.
if you don'tpay, I'll bring suit within thirty
days." Duoe--"Mako it a spring suit, old
man, and you can bring it right away."--De
troit Free Press.
"'HALF the world doesn't know how the
other half lives." Neither does the othez
half.-Life.
As U.NELIEVEB.-Her-"Do you belieev in
hero worship?" She-"No, not now; Ilm
married."-Detroit Free Press.
"WILLIE, do 9aou and your brother oves
fight?" "Yes, sir." "ho whips":' "PaY.
aý
SS.
RA
A
O s Pteaaý x.a.. oa
___________ eatse., Chioei.a,
ELY--- - RES -- -- -
M a - . vr
E 500ENTB AU. DRUQQISTS i _
GAUGEReu~ N: ~iA
t wq aCMý...wr h
A. N. K., F. 1498
WHE~N WRITING TO ADVERTISER. PLEASE
stule. that see sew the Ad vretsremt L this
Lepe..