day
Orleans this weer ';
Mrs. O. J. Sprole is critically ill
at her home in this town.
Mrs. Trisy, wife of Mr. F. C. *
Triay. is reported seriously ill. t
Miss Gamard, of New Orleans, C
is the guest of Miss Yolande Rigues. f
Mrs. Thos. S. Folly, of Rayne, f
was visiting friends in Lafayette last
Saturday.
Ovey Savoy, 'from the Royville s
ward, was in Lafayette Thursday I
on business.
Louis Stelly and Judge O. P. 1
Guilbeau, of Carencro,, were in La-.
fayette Tuesday. a
Judge Clark, the popular clerk of
court of,Acadia parish, was in Lafa
yette Wednesday.
Sidney Mouton, who has been t
veryillº ,is noi much bettir and is
improving rapidly. t
Dr. G. W. Scranton, the popular
physician of Royville, was in La
fayette Thursday evening.
Remember that all kinds of com
mercial printing will be promptly ,
and neatly done at this office. d
. Now that the refinery is running
carts loaded with cane are hauled
through the streets at all hours of a
the day. s
Dr. Irion's Dental Parlors, over S
post office, are always open from S
8:3o a. m. to i:30 p. m. and 3 to 5 a
p. m. r
Both passenger trains-one from
the tap and the other from the west
---pulled in at this station last Thurs
day exactly at the same time.
Misses Nita and Rubie Scranton F
and Mr. R. J. Domengeaux, of Roy- n
ville, attended the play at Falk's _
Opera-house last Thursday. F
Read the new advertisements of t
T. M. Biossat, the well-known jew- I
eler. A visit to his store will con
vince you of the truth of what he y
says. t
Mrs. J. D. Cotter and child left t
Friday for Franklin, where they will
spend u few days, after which they ,
will depart for New Orleans, their I
future home.
Isaac Heyman, the genial repre-)
sentative of Isaac Freiburg & Bro., c
distillers of Cincinnati, was in Lafa- I
yette this week selling liquors and
telling jokes to his many friends. i
Hon. Ambroise Mouton, member
of the Legislature from Vermilion,
was in Lafayette this week. He was
summoned here by the serious ill- c
ness of his son-in-law, Sidney Mou
ton.
The following mass meetings are
announced: Saturday, Dec. 7, 3
p. m., at Mrs. Ford Hoffpauir's;
Sunday, Dec. 8, I a. m., at Roy
ville; Sunday, Dec. 8, 3 P. m., at
Broussardville.
The "Bond" of love and affection,
the "Bond" of happiness and peace
-the great antidote for boils and i
troubles, the pure unadulterated- c
should be in every household for I
medicinal purposes. Call for it.
It is J. C. Bond Fine and Pure Old
Rye Whiskey, at Paul Demanade's.
There was a mass meeting at
Pilette yesterday afternoon. T'he
attendance was quite large for a
ward meeting and judging from
the liberal applause of the audience t
the views expressqd by the speakers t
met with the approval of the voters
of that section of the parish. There
is no doubt that the loyal and un
terrified Democracy of old Pilette
will speak in no uncertain tones on
the z4th instant.
The entertaintient given by the t
company composed of local talent
and for the benefit of the Jewish
cemetery was a most brilliant suc
cess and reflects great credit upon
the performers as well as the mana
get. "Dollars and Cents" was the
title of the play and it was rendered
in a manner that would do honor
to professional performers. The
success achieved by the young la
dies and gentlemen who kindly vol
unteered their serv;ces for this very
laudable cause, will, we hope, serve
as an incentive so that in the future
the people of the town will be af
forded the opportunity to witness
many more such entertainments.1
To Mr. B. Falk, manager of the
Operm-bouse, is due no little credit
for the success of the afair.
Davis' Wnpbraaar ai TAR will cure
yeour Cough or Cold. hoc. and 5i.Oo.
A tcklooklag young .t o
If in
r d .ighbt and ' he willa
-gai his liberty it is very likely that d
be will spend- sonme time at Baton
Rouge. It appears that Hickley b
met a stranger at the depot and a
asked him for a dime to get -some
thing to eat. The stranger kindly
consented to help the boy and took n
from his purse ten cents which he
gave him to buy a lunch. Un
fortunately for Hickley he saw a
few bills in his benefactor's purse c
and he thought- he might secure a
some of them before going away.
He accordingly stayed around the
sitting room and watched for an op- 1
portunity. The man who was wait
ing for a train went to sleep on one
of the benches and while asleep his
purse was taken from him. He sus
pected that Hickley was the thief l
and took the necessary steps to
have him arrested. Thinking that $
he would in all probability beat his d
way out of town on the first train, a
the man found Hickley on what the
bum fraternity call the "blind" and it
proceeded to search him. Two ten
dollar bills were found in the leg
gings of the drawers and five dollars
in the lining of his coat. As $2S
was the sum stolen there was no F
doubt that the thief was caught.
Do You? ti
Do you want to buy something c
neat ? Something calculated to t,
suit the taste of the most fastidious ? p
Something pretty and substantial ? e
Something nobby as ornament and c
at the same time useful? Do you n
realy want something aice If your d
answer is in the affirmative, we will g
tell you to go to Clegg's. There
you'll surely find what you want. s,
We are not speaking through our h
chapeau, but we are telling you the
plain, unvarnished truth. There is
nothing gaudy-no show for a show
- -no ostentation; but a tasty dis- d
play of all sorts of pretty things to
F be sold at prices wonderfully low.
If you don't believe us, just pay a
visit to Clegg's; just go and see for
yourself. If you want something
to make your grandfather happy
you'll find it there. If you desire
t to purchase a present for your
mother or father you'll find just
what you are looking for. If you
r have a sister to whom )ou wish to
make a holiday present we'd advise
you to go to (:legg's-and if you are
contemplating matrimony and you
- know anything about the art of
l "getting there" you'll lose no time
in going to Clegg's to buy a hohday
present for Your girl. a
The Vermilion Demoerata. F
Delegates from the different wards r
of Vermilion and representing the
united Democracy of that parish,
held a conventton at Abbeville last
Saturday and elected the following
delegation to the State nominating c
convention:
M. T. Gordy, C. J. Edwards,
Adrien Nunez, J. R. Kitchel, W. W.
Kuehling, Aurelian Theall, P. U.
Leblanc, M. R. Cushman, J. T.
Broussard, Gus Godchaux, Eli
Wise, George Hays, M. L. Morton,
D. L. McPherson, Adam Bou
dreaux, J. T. Hinckley, George (
r Pullen, Numa P. Broussard, W. O.
Pipes, W. B. White. J. N. Green,
I Oscar Hebert, M. C. Broussard.
Messrs. Aristide Toups, W. W. t
Kuchling, F. D. LI-ge, A. Picard, I
Dr. J. T. Ahshire, Gense Webert,
Adam Boudreaux and R. J. Young I
were elected to represent the parish
of Vermilion in the judicial conven- c
tion which is to be held in this <
town on the 1xst of December.
Roll of Honor.
SThe November roll of Honor ofi
Miss Boas' school was as follows:
First Grade-Rolen Triay, Paul
' Debaillon, Ashton Beraud, Bessie
Caffery, Edith Mouton, Leonea
Weigle, Allie Sanders, Emale Lus-I
ted.
t Second Grade-Bertha Hebert,
1 Walter Donlan, Authur Poinboeuf,
SArthur Mouton, Herbert Lusted. 1
Third Grade-Dan Debaillon,
Homer Bailey.
Fourth Grade-Evelin Jaufroid, -
e Emma Weigle, Maxime Beraud,
I Rita Lafond, Edith Trahan, Thos.
r Debaillon.
e Fifth Urade-Louis Debaillon,
Lucy Vigneaux. I
Sixth Grade-Emily Bailey. 1
V There's no use paying for some
e thing you don't get." No use pay
e ing your money for carefully sewed
seams, and for careful cutting, and
then buy common goods and all the
a badness that poor pants means. The
Sprice of common pants will buy a
e pair of the BucxsKNu BREECHES,
it and they have a guarantee in the
I pocket that makes good our state
ments as to their being the best
a Jeans Pants on earth. Best wear.
Best fit. Best finish.
HER 6ORARDON.
A Colored Women ravels Pros
Oklahoma to see her Grasd*
son in the Lafayette Jail.
Bertle Debaptist, the. young mu
latto who is charged with assaulting
and robbing John Rosenski, some
days ago near the railroad yards,
is not as friendless as might have
been believed from his appearance
and mode of traveling. Wednes
day evening a woman giving the
name of Mrs. S. J. Sandridge called
at the home of Mr. Billaud, the
Sjailer, and stated that she was the
grandmother of Debaptist and
wanted to see him. Mr. Billaud
complied with the woman's request
and conducted her to the jail and
brought her face to face with her
grandson who was in the cell.
There was a striking contrast be
tween the grandmother and child.
The former's complexion is white
and no trace of the negro can be
detected on her features, while the
latter is a dark mulatto and looks
more like an African than a Cauca
sian. . The womant -was.. neatly
dressed an l her general appearance
and manner of speech betokened a
marked superiority over the major
ity of females of her race. She
broke down and cried several times
while in the presence of the prisoner
and seemed to feel keenly his posi
tion. She is a resident of Little
Rock, Ark., but was in Guthrie,
O. T., when she heard of Debap- 1
tist's arrest and came from that
city to this town to do something
to assist her grandson out of his
present troubles. Debaptist seem
ed to be glad to see her, but he
I coolly remarked that tears would do
t no good and that the best thing to
r do was to get a lawyer and try to
1 get him out. Before leaving the
jail the woman gave Mr. Billaud
some fruits and cakes which she
r had brought for the prisoner.
Necrology.
William D. Huff, aged 56 years,
died at his residence, in this
town, last Tuesday, at 5 o'clock a.
m. He was a native of Baltimore,
Md., and had been a resident of
Lafayette for a number of years.
He leaves a wife and several chil
dren. He was a member of the lo
cal lodge Knights of Pythias under
whose ausrices the burial took
t place. In another column appear
the resolutions adopted by the
lodge in reference to his death.
Mrs. Arthur Broussard, born
Anna Guidry, died last Wednesday
at the home of her mother, Mrs.
Antoine Guidry, in this parish.
Mrs. Broussard was twenty years of
age and was the mother of a young
child. Her remains were interred
in the Cathoric cemetery Thursday
s morning.
HolIdays ! Holidays Holidays !
They are Coming!
And Paul Demanade is fully and
amply prepared to satisfy the taste
of the most fastidious in the line of
something elegant, such as Imported
and Domestic Wines, Brandies,
Gins and Liquo s of all kinds-the
finest of pure old Rye and Bourbon
Whiskies and malt beverages, com
prising the best beer, ale and porter.
The popularity of Chamberlain's
e Cough Remedy and the high es
teem in which it is held leads us to
believe it to be an at ticle of great
worth and merit. We have the
pleasure of giving the experience of
three prominent citizens of Redondo
Beach, Cal., in the use of the rem
edy. Mr. A. V. Trudell says: "I
have always received prompt re
Slief when I used Chamberlain's
SCough Remedy." Mr. James Or
chard says: "I am satisfied that
s Chamberlain's Cough Remedy cured
my cold." Mr. J. M. Hatcher says:
"*For three years I have used Cham
berlain's Cough Remedy in my fam
Sily and its results have always been
satisfactory."
The Arena.
Among the eminent thinkers who con
a tribute to the one hundred and seventy-six
pages which go to make up the body of The
Arena are Prof. Richard T. Ely, Justice
Walter Clark, LL.D., Rev. Minot J. Savage,
Rev. Edward Everett Hale, Frank B. San
born, Rev. John W. Chadwick, Henry Gaul
Ileur, Prof. George D. Herron, Prof. Frank
Parsons, Prof. Joseph Rhodes Buchanan,
Helen H. Gardener and Will Allen Drom
goole. The last named opens a serial of
I Tennessee life, which promises to be in
, tensely interesting, and which will run dur
Sing the next six issues of The Arena. Be
sides the one hundred and seventy-six pages
which make up the body of the magazine,
, there are Editorial Notes and The \Vorld of
Books, which prove of special interest to a
large majority of our readers-all making
more than two hundred pages of reading
matter.
Notice.
d All parties indebted to the undersigned,
dare requested to call and make a satisf-ctory
settlement before Jan. I, 1896. The ac
e counts of all those failing to do so, wall be
given to the collector for immediate collec
a tion. Mas. J. J. RF.VILOxN.
For Sale.
- A dwelling house with store-huilding, and
other inrovements, on Main street in the
town of Carencro, Lafayette parish. Apply
r to Mp.S. UGEYNIE AAntaiI.
. Careocro, La.
Meti a . sooty i
A meeting wa held it Scott Iast
'Saturday a ternoop. The iold Dem
ocratic war-horse, l:on. Alexander
Delhomme, was-- elected president
and the. following gentlemen served
as vice-presidents: B. Hernande,
Alf Delhomme; Judge Gustave Mon
ton, Frances "Alvarado, Jacques I
Mathew, Adam Bourgeois; Toledane "
Begnaud, secretary; Antoine Pellis
sier, sergeant - at - arms. Messrs. l
Julian Mouton, J. O. Broussard, E. 1
G. Voorhies, A. L. Guilbean and I
Sheriff Broussard addressed the
meeting.
Mr. Alfred I)elbomme offered the
following resolutions, which were
adopted: I
Whereas, The Democracy of the First
ward, in mass meetinag assembled, deplores |
the recent "bolt" of the minority faction at I
the meeting of the Parish Executive Com- I
mittee in Lafayette{ for frivolous reasons, I
which served merely as a pretext to carry I
out a "cut and drled" intent to "bolt," 
thereby attempting- to- disrupt the Demo- I
cratic party, on the eve of its great struggle L
with the common enemy of Louisiana-the 1
Republican party--whosem very name is the
synonym of com ptie. venality in office, 1
and negro domination.
Resolved, That we condemn said action
by the "bolters" as a gross violation .of the
trust committed to their care, and we call 1
upon all true Democrats `tegardless of fac- a
tion and past differences, to rally to the
support of the majority of the Executive
Committee ino their effrtto secure white su= I
premacy through white prC.mariesc
Resolved, That we denounce the calling
of a primary on the s th of December by I
the minority faction as a transparent trick, I
the object of which is to mislead the people I
and confuse voters as to the date of the true I
white primary, which has been set for the
a 14th of December by the majority of the
Parish Executive Committee, the only body.
competent to do so. 1
Resolved, That we endorse the National 1
and Democratic State administrations, confi
dently believing that our party friends will
see to the payment of the already earned
bounty, and that the position of sugar as a
revenue producer will be firmly established, I
t and that our suffering rice industry will re
r ceive that protection which anti-trust legis.
lation would give it, we pledge that La
I fayette will roll up her usual Democratic
majority for the nominees of the party.
Resolved, That in Isaac Broussard, the
%"Cow-boy Sheriff" of Lafayette, we possess
one of the best executive officers in the 1
South, who, by his courage, detective abili
ty, untiring vigilance and sleepless energy,
has forged his way to the front and by the 1
faithful execution of his office duties brought
3 order out of chaos in this parish, inspired a
wholesome respect and fear of the law on
the part of evil-doers.
Be it further resolved, That we pledge
him our hearty support of his candidacy.
Resolved. That in Julian Mouton, the
brilliant orator and advocate, we recog
naze one who has, in the short time that he
has been in public life, made a commenda
ble record as president of the School Board
and member of the General Assembly, and
that we do now indorse his candidacy for
Judge of the 17th Judicial District and
pledge him our support.
Resolved, That we indorse the candidacy
of Minor T. Gordy, of Vermilion.
Resolved, That we commend the course
of the different candidates for Clerk of
Court in submitting their claims to the pri
mary of December z4th, and pledge our
r hearty support to the nominee thereof.
Resolved, That we advise all candidates
tosubmit their claims to the primary of the
r 14th of December, and that it is the duty of
all Democrats to support the nominees
thereof.
Dr. Mayer offered the following:
Resolved by the Democracy of Lafayett:e,
in mass meeting assembled, That it is with
unfeigned regret and heartfelt sorrow that
we will shortly sever our official relations
with Judge Allen, of St. Mary, owing to the
redistricting of the 17th Judicial District;
that we recognize in him a good friend
an honest citizen and an upright judge
and deservedly popular in this par
r ish, regardless of faction; that in
bidding him farewell we desire to
formally express our appreciation and thanks
for the able manner in which he has con
ducted the judicial affairs of this parish, and
our hope that every measure of success will
attend his future.
Be it further resolved, That a copy of
these resolutions be engrossed and forwarded
to Judge Allen by the sepretary of this meet
ing.
Carencro in Linsd.
f CARENCRO, La.,-Dec. I, I895.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Democrats
of the Sixth ward whs held this afternoon at
A. C. Guilbeaux's hall. Mr. Numa Breaux,
an esteemed citizen of our community, was
elected president and Prof. C. F. Latiolais
t secretary. The following gentlemen were
made vice-presidents of the meeting: C. C.
Brown, John Roger, Alcide Broussard and
Jean Guilbeau.
Mr. Julian Mouton being called upon, ad
dressed the meeting in his usual forcible and
eloquent style. He explained the present
political situation in our parish, referring to
the difference between the regular Demo
t cratic parish organization and the members
of the committee who wtthdrew from the
court-house aud met at M.. Cbchrane's office
to order primaries of their own. He ex
) plained how absurd it looks on the part of
- the bolting committee to ltave called for
Sprimaries in March to nonihate delegates to
a convention when the reTtilar Democratic
- Judicial Convention will meet in Lafayette
5 on the a1st of December; hedwelt at length
- on the fundamental principles of a republi
t can form of government thait the majority
must rule, and he said that. all intelligent
Speople would fail to understand how four
: could dictate to sit on a committee or ten.
Mr. Mouton was followed by Mr. Edward
G. Vorhies, who recalled tHe .ituation eight
years ago when our population was battling
Sagainst negro rule; he recalled the fact that
at that epoc he had stood elbow to elbow
with the propagators of white supremacy,
and forcibly impressed tbh audience with
Sthe idea that he "still stands strong" on that
question. He announced the fact that be
ing a Democrat his candidacy for the clerk
e ship was subject to the white primaries of
the 34th of December and that those prima
ries he considered the result of the action of
Sour regular Democratic committee. To his
k friends in Carencro he said that one of his
deputies, should he be elected, would be se
lected from among the voters of the Sixth
f ward.
Mr. J. O. Broussard, candidate for rep
resentative to the Legislature, made a forci
ble plea in defense of the regular Demo
s cratic organization, of which he is president,
and positively stated that the gentlemen who
Sbolted the committee retired from the court
a fouse only after he (Mr. Broussard) had
voted on the substitute offered by Mr. Coch
rane. He furthermore stated that Mr. W.
B. Torian had been allowed to participate in
the meeting merely for the sake of harmony,
inasmuch as Mr. Martin's proxy could have
been given to another member of the com
mittee and not to any one else. Mr. Torian,
She furthermore said, went into the rump
committee unauthorized, inasmuch as the
Sproxy of Mr. Martin was left at the court
house.
Mr. A. M. Matin, one of the candidates
for clerk of court, followed him and in a
short address said that his candidacy was
d subject to the primaries 'f December 34th,
e and that he recognized none other as the
y Parish Executive Committee but that pre
sided over by Mr. J. O. Broussard; that if
She.were nominated on the 34th of Dccu-I
ait, and it he were dfeseted before the psi.
waries that his support would go to hisplss
eat adversary, bMr. Voorhies.
Thle ,'Cow Boy from the West" (of La.
fiyette). Ike - rosserd, carried the audi.
ence by his humoarouaremarks. Up offered
Slay his, record side by side with that of
any herif Lafayette has ever had, sad said
that should the peopfi o Lafayette vote C
him down at the primaries he would wil-.
linly submit to their verdict.
Judge O. P. Guilbeau and Hon. A. C.
Gailibeu reiterated their oft-expressed alle- C
pýtce to the Democratic party, and em- C
hatically stated that none but the primaries A
of the 14th'were regular.
The meeting then adjourned.
C. F. LATIOLAIS, Secretary.
The First Natlonal Bank of J* -
fayette.
Mercantile and Financial News, N. Y. City.
No State has more splendid natural re
sources, or more encouraging prospects in
regard to their development, than Louisiana,
as we are reminded through noting the es
tablishment of various new banking institu
tions in that commonwealth. The latest ad
dition to the list of these is the First Na
tional Bank of Lafayatte, La., which re
ceived its charter under date of October 24,
ult., its number on .the "Official Roster" at
Washington being 50e3. It succeeds to the
business heretofore carried on by the Peo
ple's State Bank of the same place, which
has just closed a useful and honorable career.
The First National succeeds to all the in
terests of its predecessor, and is therefore
assured of a profitable business from the
outset. It is not necessary to explain all the
advintages gained through the change that
has been effected, ais they are well known to
all financiers and welt informed business
men. But we may remark, in passing, that
the restrictions thrown aboqt the national
banks are so numerous, and the accounts.
bility to which they are held is so strict, that
a higher degree of security than can be oth
erwise ,btained is assured.
The First National starts in with a capital
of $5o,ooo, which is deemed to be sufficient
for its present needs. It is organized on a
thoroughly substantial basis, and the fullest
confidence is felt throughout the community
in the able men who represent and control
its affairs. Mr. Crow Girard, who was
cashier of the old bank, lias been elected to
the presidency, the duties of which he is in
every respect well fitted to discharge. He
has been identified with the management of
the bank from the first, and has proved him
self a faithful, conscientious and reliable
official and a thoroughly competent finan
cier. The cashier is Mr. S. R. R. Parker
son, who was assistant cashier of the old
bank. He is poputar in both business and
social circles, and has a wide acquaintance
with leading business men .throughout that
section, and is a wan of long experience in
he banking business and is looked up to and
respected by all who know him. The board
of directors is made up as follows:
Crqw Girard, P. B. Roy, C. C. Brown, J.
G. Parkeason, N. P. Moss, J. S. Whitting- )
ton, Alcide Judice, F. Demanade and A. J.
Moss.
This is the only bank in Lafayette and it -
*is evidently a strong, well-managed and use
ful institution, and there is no doubt but
Louisiana will continue to sustain her hon
orable record as long as her business men
have such institutions to aid them in their ;
legitimate undertakings of one kind and an
other.
That the banks of Louisiana are able to
make such an excellent showing as they do
is the best indication in the world of the 1
prudence, wisdom and conservatism bfought
to bear in their management, and of the con
fidence that is placed in them by the com
munities in which they do business. High
praise is due to the officers and directors of
the institutions that have been able to make
satisfactory progress in the face of an almost
unprecedented depression in business affairs
in general.
In Memorlam.
CASTEL HALL, LAFAYETTE L ODGE)
No. 37, K. OF P., .
I.AFAYETTE, La., Dec. 4, 1895.
WHEREAS., By a decree of Almighty God,
Supreme Chancellor of the Universe, our
late brother, William Daniel Huff, has been
taken from this earthly life, and it is meet
that we should put upon record an expression I
i of our appreciation of his virtues and so now
i for his loss therefore, be it
Resolvead, That the death of William
Daniel Huff struck from the rules of the or
der of Knights of Pythias and Lafayette
Lodge No. 37 the name of one whose kindly
manner and genial disposition won him the
E fraternal regards of his brother knights and
the good opin.ons of his friends and fellow
citizens generally.
Resolved, That our heart-felt sympathies
are extended to the aged mother, the be
reaved wife, children, brothers and sisters
and other relatives bereaved by his untimely
taken off, and that in token of our condol
ence and regrets copies of this memorial be
forwarded to the family by the keeper of
record and seal after publication in The La
I fayette Advertiser and Lafayette Gazette.
Be it further Resolved, That a page of
the minutes of the lodge be inscribed with
l this memorial in memory of our late brother,
William Daniel Huff, and that the charter
be draped in mourning and each brother
I knight wear the usual badge of mourning
t for the period of thirty days.
Fraternally in F. C. & B.
JAMES HANNEN, Chairman.
ALBERT DELAHOUSSAVE,
A. LAnE,
ELIE McDANIEL,
SRAOUL GENTIL,
'om. on Resolutions.
Public Sale.
Succession of Sallie Martin, de
ceased.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of
an order issued by the Honorable the 17th
Judicial District Court of the State of Louis
inna, holding session in and for the Parish
of Lafayette, dated the---day of October,
A . D. 895, and by virtue also out of a conm
rmission issued .ut of said court, based upon
said order and directed to me, the under
signed clerk of court and ex-officio adminis
t trator, I will sell at public auction, to the
highrsc bidder, on
Saturday, December 14, 1895,
E between the legal hours of sale, in the town
- of Lafayette, said parish, the following de
Sscribed property belonging to said succession,
to-wit:
One certain lot of ground, in Mouton's
- Addition, situated in the town of Lafayette,
I La., wish all the buildings and improve
ments the-con, bounded north by lot No.
- 307, south by Jackson street, east by lot No.
- 319 and west by lot No. 321.
W. B. BAILEY,
Clerk of Court
And Ex-OffAcio Administrator.
Nov. 9, 1895. 1
FOR SALE!
e Attention Home Seekers and 4
Investors.,
e A chance of your life time to secure an
- ideal home and profitable farm.. Also thei
BEAUSEJOUR Springs and Park situated I
Son the banks of the beautiful Bayou Vermil
a ion. A large commodious country residence
5 with TWO HUNDRED ARPENTS of 4
, Excellent land. Soil very best for cultiva
e tion of Sugar cane, corn, cotton, etc. Onea(
mile from the Town of Lafayette; half mile ;
if from Sngar Refinery. Apply at store of .
. ,tOUTo RROS;..
CAPITAL Sn50;,00
OIOW QIRARD, President. 3. R. PARKRaION, Oau.h 
J.;. PAIERIsON, Vloo PrSsldnt. F. V. moutoe, ALetLnmamehM ta e
--DIRECTORS-----
CROW CIRARD, J. S. WIf7TT/NGTON, P. B. ROY, :
C. C. BROWN, A. . fMOSS J. f. PARARElSP r
ALCIDE J/UDICE, F. DEMANADE, N. P. MOSS.
Being Always Anxious
TO PLEASE THE` LADIES
Mrs. John O. Mouton
HAS COMPLETELY RENOVATED HER STOCK OF
MILLINEYT E
And is Now" Ready to Furnish the
People of Lafayette with the
Nicest and Latest Millinery 6oodd
AT MOSS BROS. & CO'.
NO ULIT TO THE ASSORTMENT OF
DOLLS, ToYs,
EXPRESS WAeoNs,
VELOCIPEDES,
ROOKING HORSES.
ToY AND STORY BOOKS,
Photograph Albums, Dress
ing Gases, Manicure Sets,
Work Boxes, Novelties in
Plush, Celluloid, Polished
Wood and Metal Gombina
tions. Exquisite Ghristmas
and New Year Cards and
Booklets, Etc.
DON'T DEPEND on our state
menPs, but come and see our
splendid line cf Hohlday Goods
that talk for themselves, and sell
themselves:
THAT QUESTION of price is an
other loadstone to attract trade
to our store. We have two set
tled principles strongly in view
to give full and exact value for
every dollar spent with us, and to
help you make that dollar go as
far as it should, and much farther
than anywhere else.
WE INVITE you to visit our store,
and we intend to make you wel
come whether you buy, or not.
Moss Bros. e. Co.
I{LDAYING
THA QES-ION-
_JEWELRY.
SOM~ PEOPLE
Won't buy a Christ
mas Present until the
day before Christmas.
A thoughtful person will
buy one while our differ
ent lines of.
Holiday - Novelties
"-- - ., :-- __ ..... .:. il
are unbroken. The se
lection is easier, you have
the pick of the choicest,
and the prices are no
greater. The store will
be open evenings until
Christmas till 8 o'clock.
T. M. BIOSSAT,
ayrbehmkor and hiwtlmr.
A thoughtfu person wil
Succession Sale.. '
State of Louisiana-Parish of La
fayette.--Succession of Dr. Fe
lix C. Latiolais, deceased.
17th Judicial District Court-No.
2025.
By virtue of an order issued out of the
17th Judicial District Court of Louisiana la
and for the parish of Lafayette, bearisg
date November 7, 1895, I am auth
and commissioned to sell at public 'auction
at the front door of the court-house, in the
town of Lafayette, La., on the
14th day -of December, 1898,
to the last and highest bidder, the following
described property, belonging to said above
named Succession, to-wit:
One certain tract of prarie land situatedin
the parish of Lafayette, Carencro, ~do the
west bank of Bayou Vermilion, containing
eighty-five and 510zoo arpents, more or les,
bounded north by Pierre Prejean, Iiorae.
Martin and others; south by Roche Moeat
and F. Dupuis, east by bayou Vermilln b
and west by property of Ernest Blraed,
and Alexander and Leonard Latlolais.
Terms and Conditions:- This prope: "
will oe sold as follows: One-third am.h,
one-third in one year from day of sale, s '.~
one-third in two years from day of sale~r
deferred payments to be secured by more
gage, with vendor's privilege, and to Bfte
eight per cent per annum interest from day .
of sale, together with io per cent additional
for costs of collection, should said notes be
placed in the hands of an attorney for collee
tion: Purchaser to execute his two nots -
for the deferred payments.
ISAAC A. BaoussKanD,
Sheriff of Lafayette parish.
Nov. 9, 1895.
Public -Sale.
Succession of Ursin Cormier--Par
ish of Lafayette, State of
Louisiana.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of an
order issued by the Honorable, the 7Ith
Judicial District Court of the Stateof Louisi
ana, holding session in and for the Parish of
Lafayette, dated the 8th day of November,
and by virtue also out of a commission issued
out of said court, based upon said order, anad
directed to me, the undersigned admiisstra
tor, I will sell, at public auction, to the high.
est bidder, for cash, at the last residence t:,
a deceased, Ursin Cormier, in said parish, be
tween legal sale hours, on
Saturday, December 21,1 695,
the following described property to-wit:
One certain tract of one hundred and fifty...
arpents prairie land (more or less, bonnded
north by Rllaxile Prejean, south by land of
Laperle Cormier, east by land of Ferdi
nand Breaux, west by land of Serigne- Babi
neaux.
One dwelling house, one corn crib, one
small shed and chicken coop, one other old
shgd, one corn crib, one cabin, one other
cabin, one wagon, one lot of plows, one lot
of harness, one lot of old fencing and wire
fencing, one lot of hogs, three cows and
calves, one pair of beeves, one two-yemr-old
bull, five creole horses, one American horse;
the undivided interest in growing cotton
crop; the undivided interest in growing corn
crop: the undivided interest in growing rice
crop; the undivided interest ingrowing sweet
potato crop.
The undivided interest in a tract of wood
land on east bank of Bayou Vermilion (one
eighth), bounded north by Babineaux tract,
south by Antoine Claud.
The undivided interest in a tract of wood
land near Bayou Vermilion, on east bank,
(one-eighth), bounded north by Babineanr
tract, south by St. Clair Kilchrist, east by
. west by land of Louis Lebert.
Also lot of kitchen and household furni
ture, notes, etc. CONSTIANT LEGER,
Nov. 16, 1895. Administrator.
Protection to Game and Poultry.
The undersigned will pay $5o bounty to
the persons making the highest number .of
points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,
La., before the ist day of January, iSg6,
as follows:
525 to the one making greatest number o
points.
$t5 to the one making next greatest nan
ber of points.
$Io to the one making next greatest nam
ber of points.
Value of different heads are to be counted
by points, as fellows.
POINTrs PO~+ITS
Large Hawk 15 Wild cat .... ......
Small hawk .........5 Coon. .......... 3
Owl ..............5 Opossum
Slkurk . 5 Fo .....:..::.. :
Heads of birds of prey and scalps- ol
mrals to be delivered to Wm. Clegg hSr1t ~
give receipt for points, no bountytoo be prat
for less than five hundred points.
F. F. :MYl.ES. -
For S1iº1e. . ý
Three good lots for. .'.
stands. On. Lincoln
Sposite Patrerson park. -
M"as.- " - " "
The old Cogh,
Cfntal to AO Taa hl. a
conrtry on Its uanuits
found to cae- the 1
ita sb~ls akEadp
isiirt -Ahk iir~