THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 29, 1894. NUMBER 30.
LAED'S .nSSON. I. D S " -mh.,. all -tn e..-...
TON BROS.
-DEALERS IN
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
Liacela Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEEAP STORE.
LOUWS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton a Shlles' Store,
LAFAYETTE. LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
1878. Repairing of fine watches a spe
cialty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. CARME COIVET I
LAFAYETTE, LA. a
The system of education includes the tl
French and English languages, Music b
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health t,
and comfort of those placed under the ii
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior. n
LAFAYETTE 2
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
Nea1r Blask Mlnldlil. h.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work m
done. All work promptly attended to. F
v, Satisfaction guaranteed. th
w
H. C. SALLES, '
DENTIST. r
Office on Buchanan Street, re
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. . VOORHIEs, a01
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND "
NOTARY PUBLIC, e: v
Lalayetoe Le. so
B. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law tin
and Notary Public Lo
LAFAYETTE. LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON, em
.Att orneys 'at XIla~v, a,
LAFAYETTE, LA. Bes
ver
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY shV
AFEED Stable.
Lincoln Avenue, Lnv
Two Blocks From Depot. and
First-class rigs at reasonable prieeL jad
Careful drivers furnished when required wo.
LAFAYETTE, LA. eon
jan 17. her
C. DEBAILLON, -
LAWY and
Will practice in Lafayette. St. Mary abo
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas ly a
and New Orleans. Opt
PLAFA Erras LA. in v
RAIL,ROAD BARBEIL SHOP. rep
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot. u
THE "OLD RELIABLE." "1
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor. ad
LsL"7'7'P, P·T38M ing
AND- dlg;
nmyl
Sale Stable
B. COISTAITNII, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - -. LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART. of tl
A practitioner in the State 22 years. h,
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls so
attention to b is new and successfu I treat
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi- neve
cal inhalations combined with consti- *
tutional treatment affording a cc-e is said
Consumption, in the first and second noos
period if they follow exactly the treatb wag
ment and relief in the third period. to e
Deafnessand chronic diseases in gen- J
eral a specialty. findi
O. P. GUILBEAU, . r
Notary Public 1
-AND--e-
Justice of the Peace. 0ar1
Careful and prompt attention given to hear
the collection o ohiia. mnounts, notese I sha
irafts. "Sale and purenase of lands abt doS
tended to. 1-19 one,
C. Hl. MOUTON, .T
Attoa05*ey aC I 'flwj ahe
A DAY'S LESSON.
Bend to the breeze. 'ti the lesson the
gramsses
Teach us each day in their lowly estate;
Better to bend 'neath the storm as it passes
Than to be iSroken by pitiless fate.
Bend but a little, the leoud will pass over.
Then in the lull you can lift up your head.
Straighten yourselves like the grass sad the
clover:
Better be braised and be living, than dead.
" Stand like a rekl" That may do for a hero.
Covered with mail, and well used to his
But there are mortals, too many, as we
know,
Weakened by failure, coerced by a glance.
" Never give up." It is easy to say it
When all your weapons in order are found; a
Courage grows fist when we need not 4ds- c
play it:;
A. All can-be brave when the lions are bound.
SNothing succeeds llke success." that is .r- s
Trule as the gospel in these latter days;
Put out the footlights, and ring down the
curtain.
It you have nothing that people nust t
- praise
Bend to the breeze. 'Tis the lesson the
grasses ii
Teach us to-day: 'tis a lesson of love; d
Bend till the storm of adverelty passes, h
And the glad sunshine is once more above.
-4Clara B. Heath. in Good Houskeeping. 0
BEAVER. 1
The Story of Capt. Lawson'e In
e- telligent Canine Meesenger. P
ed. -k
"I don't at alt like the idea of mov- tl
T ing away off up here to Westford," ol
said Mother Lawson, as she stepped L
briskly about, puttlag the long T;
kitchen, that was also parlor, bedroom it
and hall, in order, so that the new
home might have a cozy look when st
the the tired family drew up about the
sin bountifully spread supper table.
ary "Why mother," laughed her daugh- sa
Lth ter Ruby, turning about from her work to
he in front of the glowing fire, "our ca
neighbors up here in Westford all will
say: 'I want to know if you used to si
live away off down in Willington?' "e
and I have no doubt- you will soon
grow into the same manner of speech." wl
"Perhaps I shall," replied Mother le
Lawson, cheerfully: "I have learned sic
in my many years of life that house is h'j
home, whether it is in one Connecticut hie
hill town or another. If daughter
Lucy lived near by, as she did when me
e we were on the old farm, I shouldn't ill
rh mind so much; or if we were on the eve
same turnpike, where people are all to
the time driving and teeming, so that drr
we could send word back and forth. am
Bunt there she is, down there on the cal
Hartford and Providence, and here we hen
are on the Hartford and Boston, and bin
on the cross roads between us there is ink;
no mail route, no stage route, no in
regular teams. 'Ve must drive the tht
L dozen miles on purpose every time we ma
- hear from poor daughter Lucy, all Car
alone, without a relalive near her, wo
away off down there in Willington." lea
"Ha, ha!" laughed Ruby; "who would ins
ever have expected the dear woman to wh
so soon fall into Westford ways? Do in
you hear her, James? Bless me, what tre
is the boy thinking of? This is no Bet
time to go off into a brown study or to at
write a Latin exercise for Parson out
SLoomis to correct." If y
"This is no Latin exercise," replied jecl
James, who in later years became an lett
eminent scholar. "This is a little en- in 1
terprise upon which Beaver and I are wa;
+ about entering. I do the writing and
Beaver does the carrying. -Here, Ilea- I P
ver, good dog, Beavera . Do you under- and
stand, old fellow? Do you see this?" but
and he showed the large, handsome dire
shepherd dog that stood by, wagging
his bushy tail, a small, leather money
bag. "Do you see this paper, Beaver? lanU
I I have written a message upon it to bre'
Lucy. I have told her that we have ar- floor
rived away up here in WVestford safe the
and sound, and that Ruby is frying flap- ;
jacks for supper, and that mother is fle
worrying about her, as a matter of abo
course, and I finished up by beggin TI
her to write and tell us how she is, afle
and send the letter back i$V you." lame
The bright-faced lad put the care- mire
fuoly folded paper in the little bar:. the
and tied it by a strong hempen cord it is
about the intelligent creature's neckc. An
"Now, Beaver, you must go as quick- pubL
ly as you can and carry this to Lucy." A
Opening the door, Beaver trotted out
in very important fashion, and Jamrne- reae
repeated:
"Go, Beaverl 0ol" "I
"He wi!l go a good deal!" laughed rrom
Ruby, who was always laughing. than
"lie would be as likely to obey if you cove,
told him to chop an armful of wood table
and bring it in." "ti
"You will see," replied the lad, clos- cxcit
ing the door. "Beaver is no common "I
dog; he understands a great deal of butt!
my talk to him. He will pass the night "
in Wilington with sister Lucy, and tryin
will return to us to-morrow with a let- what
ter."
"Strange Beaver don't come back," make
said unbelieving Ruby over and over,
during the evening, and she even sat A Cr
up until far into the night momentari- bodie
ly expecting to hear the familiar bark "O
of the favorite dogf at the door. "A
He did not come, however, and she burn4
arose in the morning convinced that home
he considered himself sent away for the f
some reason, and that they should "
never see the fine old fellow again. ery,
"lie w.ll get home by dinner time," sake
said James, and, sure enough, about the I
noon he came trotting serenely in, Don't
wagging his tal and barking sharply love?
to cyrpress his joy. Au
James opened tlo little leather bag, cemm
finding, as he expected, a note from Time
Lucy.
"i cried all day after watching you profe
out of sight," it said, "and you don't "aidt
know how glad I was to see Beaver dot a
when he came barking at the door the ti
early in the evening. Your letter was and i
a great comfort, for I had no idea of the r
hearng from you for as week at least honse
I shall not feel half so forlorn now, for Free
a dog that will fetch a bone will carry
one, they say, and we can write as -hi
often as we please." girl -
Thley did write often, you may bo eanuse
sure, and Capt. Lawson'. Beaver. with hair."
the little leather walle suspended ihlig
benaeti hta white throat, eame to be a peopl
gaillier pi#C )- el)m Iedatp w 1h9 t hei5F.'
farmhouses all along the pleaseat
on tte country way that stretched between
the two great turnpikes.
ate; The old residents say that in the fore
'P53eS part of the present century there were
ten taverns between Daleville, in Wil
lm over. 1ington, and Westford hilL At all of
r'head these houses of entertainment New
ad h England ranu was sold, and refresh
a dead. ment for man and beast could be pro
vided on short notice.
a e, Beaver had nooccasion to call at any
of these places, neither did he hunt for
as we squirrels and woodchucks along the
way. He attended strictly to his busi
Dance ness of mail carrier, an exchanged
very few compliments with his canine
found; acquaintances who saluted him with a
Lotl s- ccrdial bow-wow as he trotted past
a their abiding places.
This went on for several months,
is .er- and then one winter day Mother Law
son was taken suddenly and violently
wn the ilL Capt. Lawson and James were
away, and merry Ruby knew not what t
must to do.
"It I only could send to Willington
n the for Dr. Skinner I should be thankful
indeed. Beaver!" she said to the old
dog, who from one corner of the
above hearth was very gravely taking note
fso. of his mistress' distress, "I emight send
old Jerry, who is nutting woeed at the
door, to be sure, but he woulI call so
long at every tavern in turn that he
would never get to the end t the a
n-ourney Do you hear, Beaver't I
want to have Dr. skinner come to see a
r" poor mother. Of course, you deq't
know Dr. Skinner from any of
mov- the other friends who call here. Pocr p
ird," old dog. You know enough to go for
pped Lucy, and that is what you shall do." o
long Taking a slip of paper she wrote upon m
m it:
new "DEAzR Luvc -Mother s very sick. Get Dr. bi
Then Skinner here Just as quickly as you can.
the .ar'.' cc
"There, Beaver! Go. Beaver!" she "
ngh- said, and closing thedoor, he door, she returned tl
work to her herb teas and hot water appli' le
'our cations. fo
will "The old doctor can't get here untD fa
el to sundown, at the quickest," she said of
on?' "and it is not high noon." co
soon What was her surprise, therefore. Pa
ch." when, in little mere than an hour after ye
ther Ieaver started out, the skillful phy. fe
'ned siean canutered up on his fleet gray th
to is h-Jrse, with leaver following close at th
lent his heels. fo
ster "Now, this beats all," said the old ha
hen man, entering the house, saddle bagt
ln't in hand. "It ertainly beats all that I
the ever heard of. I was just turning up To
all to Col. IBritt's tavern to get sue a little
hat drop of something hot-for it in an
rth. amazin' chilly air-and the old dog pec
the came along, running like a streak, and sal
we headed me off. 'Go 'long about your ma
and business, Beve,' I said: 'Lucy is wait- the
e is Lng for her letter.' But he answered, tin
no in as plain dog talk as ever I heard,
the that he was after Dr. Skinner. So I "w
we made bold to tell CoL Britt when he tht
all cane out to see what all this bow- wo
ier, wowing was about to open the little kna
leather bag and see what message was pla
uld inside. But the old dog showes the in
Sto whole length and width of his 'eeth co,
Do in such a way that the colonel re- the
hat treated forthwith, and upon that goc
no Beaver opened his conversation again
to at me. So I got off my horse, as much else
son out of curiosity as anything else, and, the
if you will believe me, he raised no ob- reg
led jection to my finding and reading the to
an letter, andusaure enough, there I found era
en- in black and white that Dr. Skinner
are was wanted. hat
nd "Ilowever, before I started up hele brit
ea- I put the bag on Beaver's neck again side
er- and told him to go to Lucy with it, qua
t?" but he would not budge an inch in any son,
me direction excepting this."
ng "I told him he couldn't be expected ripe
Bey to know Dr. Skinner," said Ruby. you
'r? laughing and crying in the same ing
to breath, and sitting down on the white and
sr- floor to hug the intelligent dog, while tell
6;e the doctor took charge of her patient. noti
ip- Mother Lawson recovered and tori
i Denaver's praises rang far and wide all heap
of about the country side. arom
The fine old dog lived several years caul
is, after that episode and died of old age, '.l
lamented by many friends and ad- may
.c- mirers. I had this story from one of muc
the family, who was my neighbor, and have
r'i it is all true but the names.-Mrs. "7
Ic. An'ie A. Preston, in Springfield Re gooc
k- publican. and
A REASONABLE REQUEST. ripe.
ý- ..he Thought She Would Take Hter Hum whe
band's Advlae. cure
"I don't see as this butter we get WI
d from the creamatory is much better crop.
than cow's butter," said Mrsa Van- "T
u cover, one morning at the breakfast this
d table. crop
"What!" ejaculated Mr. Vancover, of it
- excitedly. spreE
n "I say I don't think the creamatory reasr
,g butter is a bit better than ar.y other." (Ky.)
it "My dear," replied Mr. Vancover,
d trying to calm himself, "do you know
L. what a crematory is?"
"No; not unless it Is where they ncl
make oleomargarine." Wi
r "Well, my love, I will inform you. holdi
t A crematory is a place where dea whip
1. bodies-"
Ic "0, gracious!"
"A place where dead bodies are has 1
e burned to ashes, and the ashes carried whip
t home in a jar and stored away amonr struc
r the family archives, that:
d "You are thinking of a pickle crean It ma
ery, darling, but don't for heavc-'s to thi
sake ever get on this subject again in good
Sthe presence of any of our friends. sense
Don't. do it for my sake, will you, the r
love?"
And she said she would be eternally that
cremated if she would.-Tamman3 that,
a Times have
-"Gocot museek," said the Germar thing
professor, heaming kindly on-his class that t
t "aidt der dichestion undt Ingnser thi
r dot appetite." "I wonder," mused b re
Sthe thought'ul girl who wore glasses whip
5 and lad a high forehead, "if that is wier
i the reason why pianos in boarding not b
honses are never tuned?"-Detroil and c
SFree Press along
1 No, ti
- -Minnie-"'Here is a story about a home
girl who ral~ed to merry a man be every
cause his complexion didn't match hea much
hair." Mamie--'"Goodness. The sill3 ness.
I thing must have thought that married favor
Seople had to We together most of the ahouki
p abluq"-'Jau4smgperls tJrnel, juabgl
e"` FARMER AND PLANTER
Sfore TIMBER CULTURE.
were -
gil. Tennessee One of the Few States Not Tet
all Of Stripped and ]aking Effort at Renewal
of Her Forests.
New Tennessee is one of the few states
that have not been strip'ped of their
'pro- timber without concern for future
needs and climatic conditions. About
any 50 per cent. of the land in Tennessee is
it for still wooded. There are 26,880,000 acres
the in the state altogether, of which near
bus- ly 13,000,000 are timbered. Only three
nged states in the south have a greater tim
.nibe ber acreage-North Carolina, South
Carolina and Georgia. As the altitude
Past of the forests of Tennessee varies from
200 to 6,000 feet above the sea's level,
Ls* woods every kind known to the
United States are to be found
ntly there. In value, the oak has the
were ilrat place, but the ash, of which
whst there are two varieties, the white and
the blue, is hardly less important.
lton Even In Tennessee the forests of ash
old are now found only in districts remote l
old from the railroads, but so rapid is the
the growth of this tree that it is being I
note planted as an investment. A farmer I
thewho set out a grove of ash trees, cov
so ering 10 acres, 12 years ago, now has
12,000 trees 8 inches in diameter on an t
the average and 35 feet high. There were I
t I no expenses of cultivating, and the 10 3
acres oat the 12,000 trees are worth v
see at the present time between $7,000 and o
88,000. besides oak and ash, Tennessee I
possesses three varieties of elm,
o two of gum, two of fir, three
lo of hickory, two of locust, three of A
maple, two of pine, three of poplar and
pan two of walnut. Among other trees
found in abundance are the beech, II
DI . birch, buckeye, red cedar, wild cherry, II
r." cottonwood, cypress, dogwood, bass- a
she wood, mulberry. tupelo, sycamore and a
ned the sassafras. Of oaks, there are no II
pli, less than twelve varieties. Cedar, un- o:
fortunately. is going very fast. Bucket s1
sti factories in the state use 5,000,000 feet ir
lIA of this timber every year. Telegraph si
companir-s use it almost exclusively for o1
re. poles. Nearly 1.000,000 feet goes each ti
'te year to i t. Louis, where it is made into tl
hy. fence rails. The rapidity with which be
ra the cedar is being consumed has opened In
at the eyes of some of the friends of the pI
forests in Tennessee, and a warning fo
old has been sounded.-N.Y. Evening Post. th
tg LET TOBACCO GET RIPE.
it I ____
up Too Mulh Haste In Harvesting the Crop i
tle Ca'ssee Waste of ubstance. m
an 'Mr. M. -I. Barker, one of she most ek- sit
.og perienced tobacconist in the state, th
nd says that a majority of our farmers to
fur make a gr-cat mistake by not letting ag
it- their tobacco get fully ripe before cut- go
td. ting it. fro
rd. "I can not understand," said he, t
I "why farmers are in such haste to cut ps
he their crops unless it is to avoid the L
w- worms and suckers,. which as you
Li know, are quite troublesome when the
as plants are nearly ripe. The dews late
he in the season are the making of tobac- an
th co, both as to weight and worth. It is ne
re- then that tobacco gets its gum, the go
at goof color and its real character. be
in "Tobacco has character like anything go
ch else. If cut green, it becomes, when fic
id, the sap leaves it, thin, slazy, light, ir
*b- regular and undesirable in color, easy en
he to funk and of a bad character gen- eCi
ed crally. ma
ec "Real ripe tobacco, on the other frc
hand, has a substantial character, it is ect
at bright red, or red and yellow, on both as
in sides, weighs well, has the keeping bce
[t, quality. .hews sweet and is always fr
iy sought after. it
"WVhy, you hardly ever see a well- aid
ad ripe hsogs.tead on the breaks, but when '
y. you do you see all the buyers gather-. eat
es ing arouftd it; they are attracted by it an(
be and oftevr they themselves can hardly the
Le tell why. The same thing is more gqi
t. noticeat.le, though, in large manufac- per
d tories. When a nice, well-ripe hogs
II head is opened up, the men gather
around it and are pleased with it-be
'a cause it is ripe. of
`"In letting it get good and ripe it thi
1" may sometimes spot some, but I would
of much rather have it with spots than to one
d have it green. msi
. "The fact is, people don't raise as tio
good tobacco nowadays as formerly.
and it's because they don't let it get oncs
ripe. They needn't fear, for a real ripe
plant, even when late, will cure nicely
when an unripe plant would fail to -
cure." you
f. What do you think of the growing does
cr rop, Mr. Barker?
"The general outlook is good, and in sayi
t this county the prospect is fine. The out
crop has been well cultivated, too; lots
of it has been topped; it is green and oulg1
spreading nicely. The farmers have is th
reason to feel encouraged."-Carrollton
(Ky.) Democrat. t e 1
GAVE HER THE DODGE. 'af
Uncle Snort Gioves a Short Homily on
Woman's Rlhts. chil
Wife has for some time past been comi
holding the reins in one hand and the turn
Swhip in the other, and I have been do- vent,
ing the prancing act, though I did not -
"go off in a prance," for, as I said, she eat o
has been holding the reins and the shei
whip, and every time I kicked she to do
struck, and I guess that is one reason will
that I am so much opposed to strikes. -6
It may be all right, for my pastor seems your
to think that if my wife did not have a and i
good deal of grit, pluck, push and good your
sense, I would soon be hanging on to you
the ragged edge of poverty and gen- dren.
ral no-accountedness. I don't believe
that there is any such word as B
that, but that is the vay they bo
have fixed it. But there is one
thing that I am very sure of, and that is tO
that there ame a great many other men a
in this country who, if their wives held pre
the reins in one hand an4a od quirt -
whip in the other, they wald moon be
wiser and better-menrJ. There wold had 1
not be so many weeds left in their corn way
and cotton fields to go to' seed, noran
along the fence rows and roadsides, word
No, they would spend more time at work
home and less time running to town on -Si
every pretext, and thus spending so to sle
much valuable time in worse than idle- same
ness. Woman's rights! Yes, I a in some
favor of woman's rights .Every woman much
should hive the right to se that her work.
jua4 sta0 $ bomea ebt4l to hIs b
Sow business and makes her a good lie.
lag, and if he don't, she ought to have
the right to board him, and then just
keep right on boarding him till she
a e makes a man of him.
ewl I "slipped the bridle" the other day
and took a run over to Crisp, in the
tates southeast portion of the county, on the
their Texas Midland railroad, and I tell you
iture it made me feel like taking ea my hat
bout and hollering 'Rah for Texas! The
ee is corn crop everywhere along the line,
acres and in fact all over the county, is as
near- good as the most greedy farmer could
three ask for, and the cotton is as fine as I 1
tim- have ever seen at this season of the I
outh year. Some one has said, "You can't
tude hold a good country down," and that is
from about right. We have made lots of
evel, wheat, oats and corn, and we will
the have lots of fat hogs and fat
mnd cattle, and we are going to
the live fat and happy if the congress of
hich the United States continues to act the
and fool. The wise thing for the farmer to
-ant. do is to now begin to feed his hogs, l
ash save his fodder, put up his hay, break t
note his stubble land, and break it deep; cut d
the down every weed on the place; be good P
ing to your wife; tell her that she is the L
umer prettiest and sweetest woman in the
cov- world, if you know you are lying, for
has if you don't think so you ought to; go 0
an to preaching and try to do what the I1
rere preacher tells if you think he knows; if
10 you don't, do as your wife says, and if
rth you don't get to Heaven it will be your
and own pure meanness.-Texas Farm an4d
ssee Ranch.
I, MUTTON SHEEP. P
tree ti
of A Class of Sheep to Which Farmers Should S
and Pay More Attention.
rees That farmers ar a class should use
ch, more mutton can hardly be disputed. h
rry, It is palatable, cheap and nutritious, b
ass- and when sheep are kept upon the farm
and affords an opportunity of having fresh
no meat at a less cost and with a less risk
un- of loss than almost any other class of
ket stock. During harvest and at thresh- ha
eet ing more or less fresh meat is neces
sph sar", and with a little planning a head
for of mutton can be made to supply all
Lch that is needed, but it is not only on
nto these extra occasions that mutton can w
ich be used to a great advantage. On too
ted many farms too much dependence is
the placed upon fat bacon or pickled pork O
ing for the meat. During the summer
it. the constant use of fat pork in this
way is at least detrimental to health ch
if not positively injurious, and fresh m
meat would be healthier as well as tee
rp more palatable. Many farmers are so "W
ey- situated that they can not depend upon te
te, the butcher, while in reality the mut- ov
as ton is so much cheaper that the aver- Pr
age farmer can better afford to kill a
ut- good fat mutton than to purchase me
fresh meat from the butcher, even sit
e, though it be brought to the door rea-m C
.ut .onably regular. One advantage of WI
he Mutton over other kinds of fresh meat wi
i; that it will keep longer than either wI
he beef or pork. inj
Lte Ilut to have a supply when needed me
Lc- and to have of a good quality it is er
is nearly always best to commence in Fie
he good season. Mutton to be good, should
be reasonably fat. but .with plenty of the
ggrass and water this would not be dif- be
n licult to secure. the
r.. There is nearly always wett er. or nai
sy e es that have not proven good breed- ha
n er.: that should either be fattencd and the
marketed or butchered, and when bul
er fresh meat is needed it will be more tle
is ec'nomical to butcher than to market, of 1
th as selling fat mutton and buying fresh wit
g beef and pork is paying a good profit chr
a far converting animals into meat while
it is very questionable, all things con- wit
[I- sidered, if the quality is as good. pin
n The average farm family will readily gin
- it a good mutton before it will r.poil, cin
it and do this much more readily than mel
Ly they would a pork or a beef, and I his is mop
-e quite an item.-WVool and Hide Ship to t
- per. the
rfor
Cultivating Corn. for
Experiments made in the cultivation pon
of corn show that once a week give cess
the best results. A plat cultivated dow
twice a week made 40.30 bushels, while of n
one alongside cultivated once a week
made 41.29 bushels. Taking into con
sideration the cost of the extra cultiva- If
tion, the advantage was all with the char
once-a-week cultivation. and
HERE AND THERE. can
enu
o -Your home tells the stranger what clea
you are. What kind of a reputation cast
does it give you? piaz
-'"Well fed is half bred" is a true edge
n saying. No man ever starved,money hool
oout of live stock.
s The man who works all the week bis
oulght not to worry on Sunday. Worry awn
is the hardest kind of work.
-rA modern philosopher once said that thfe
t e rman who worked for nothing and ner
beIrded himself hardly ever earned posit
more than he got. ast+
-li you make companions of your of th
child'tn you are laying up a store of
comfort for your old age that will re a
turn a very large interest on the in. I
re:tmc:nt. t, br
- -Vhen you sell a cow, sell the poor- l
est one you have, but don't swear that a
she is She best one. It is pretty hard and
to do this, but it can be done, and you once
will ot be sorry for it afterwards nc
-Solnebody has said: "You must feed days
your tfsr. if you want it to feed you," prop
and this i true. If you keep taking off proc
your farm uand never put anything back to th
you are brc'iang poverty for your chil- up th
dren.warn
-Har' time. are not made aany bet- them
ter by brooding over them and whining meat.
about them. It is better to smile than
to sigh any tiue. Half our evils are
imaginay--and most of the other half Yo
preventable. tar b
-Most of hired men have souls, but whet
sone employers treat them as if they hon
had not. Nothing pays better in the must
way of returns than to treat the hired no di
man as if he were a human being. A
word of praise now and then makes adu
work much easier for the man. less
-Some men work as if they expected Pss.
to sleep fiorever when they die. Thecse
same men are going to be surprised
some time when they find out how any?
much- time it ia possible to waste at hi
work. - The 7 mircaj Fa- er w-t
jle. HOME HINTS AND HELPS.
have
ast -Use old matting under carpet.
he -Baked Custard: One and one-half
pints of milk, yolks of ten eggs, one
day cupful of sugar, a little salt and nut
the meg.-N. Y. Observer.
the -After the juice has been squeezed
you from lemons the peel can be used for
hat rubbing brass. Dip them in common
The salt, rub the brass thoroughly, then
Line, brush with dry bath brick.
Sas -Very little, if any, water should
ould be drunk at meal time, but if one
as I feels the need of some liquid, let him
the take a cup of tea or coffee, as heat aide
an't digestion, while cold retards it.
at is -To restore gilding to picture
st frames, etc., remove all rust with a
Will small brush, and wash the gilding in
fat warm water, in which an onion has
to been boiled; dry quickly with soft rags.
a of -Kitchen mineral soap or pumice
the stone may be used freely on all dishes.
r to It will remove stains from white
vgs, handled knives,Sae brown substance
uak that adheres to earthen or tin baking
cut dishes, and the soot which collects on
ood pans and kettles used over a wood or
the kerosene fire..
he -Toilet waters can easily be made at I
for home. For violet water put a quarter
go of a pound of fresh picked, sweet vio
e lets, togdther with their weight of
pure, alpohol, into a large bottle, cork,
if and shake the bottle every day for one
our week; then add a quarter of a pound of
n4 water, filter and bottle for use.
-Whortleberry Pudding: Take at
pint of milk, five eggs, well beaten, i
twelve heaping tablespoonfuls of flour. r
std Stir them well together, then add three a
quarts of berries. Flour a cloth, tie the
m pudding in it very close, and boil it two
hours oand a half. Serve with hard t
us, brandy sauce.-Boston Budget. c
-m Waterproofing For the Soles of f,
Sk hoes: The compound is applied over a
ofthe welt and insole, or over the seams, e
joints, peg holes, etc. Two and one
half pounds of wax are melted and
es- three pounds of powdered talc, steatite, c
ad or soapstone, are mixed therewith; it
four pints of rubber paste or caoutchouc t
(Brazilian gum), are then incorporated a
a with the mass.
is -Baked Tomatoes: Select large
r specimens, cut around the stem end, ce
fe remove part of the inside; make a stuf- ,
is fing of any kind of cold, cooked meat T
th chopped fine, bread crumbs, green corn, oI
sh minced onion, a well-beaten egg, but- d,
ter, salt and pepper; fill the tomatoes pi
so with this dressing, put a piece of but
. ter on top of each and bake in a quick g
it oven for forty-five minutes.-United
r- Presbyterian.
a -A -wise wife, who wants to do the ps
se most good in the world, will plan to fo
an sit as much as possible when doing her 6,1
a. work. Potatoes don't taste a bit better
of when pared standing. Dishes can be tit
at wiped just as dry sitting. The woman tL
o. who sits as much as possible in prepar- gr
ing a meal will furnish just as sweet a of
," meal, and she'll look a great deal sweet- qu
is er herself as she sits at table.-Farm, ou
in Field and Fireside. no
Id -To announce the birth of a baby, gr
if the visiting card of the mother should th
f. be sent to relatives and friends, with th
the tiny card of the infant attached by
ri narrow white ribbon to the upper left- er
I. hand corner. In the past the name of to
d the child was engraved upon the card, in
n but later from dictates simply "'A Lit- let
-e tle Son," or "Daughter," with the date Fr
t, of birth added. This leaves the name ME
h with opportunity of change until Pr
it christening. frc
e -Spiced Cantaloupe: Make a sirup At
" with four pounds brown sugar and one all
pint vinegar, one-half ounce each green peE
y ginger, whole cloves, mace and stick we
I, cinnamon. Select small nutmeg
s melons, cut in sections, pare and re
move the seeds, and allow seven pounds Bla
to the above quantity of sirup. Heat
the sirup, add the melon and steam A
for five minutes. Place in a stone jar, of
and the next day heat the sirup and on
pour over the melon; repeat this pro- coo
cess every day for a week, boiling it ma
down the last time to the consistency exr
of molasses.-Cultivator. wil
For the Summer Pissza. Ion
If your piazza is a miniature Sahara, s
change it to an alluring spot of shade dir
and coolness by an awning, which you sty)
can make yourself. Sew a sufficient cur
number of breadths of awning to reach exp
clear around and fall low enough to prii
cast a shade all across the floor of the larn
piazza. Scallop and bind the lower M
edges and sew stout curtain rings every his
few inches along the top to hang on tho
hooks placed below the roof of the pi- neil
azza. Cut the corner breadths with a ed t
bias seam where they join, so that the N
awning may be extended at an angle imn
from the piazza. Fit round sticks bad
three feet long into soetets on the cor- of I
ner posts of the piazza, and into the op- you
posite end screw a hook, which is to T
fasten through a ring on the lower end awa
of the awning.-Chicago Herald. it "
Warmed-over ]Egg. a
I am not a scientist, so can't explain ter
it, but it is a fact that eggs that have ceni
been cooked, boiled, three minutes or oth,
less, can be reboiled the next morning, ag
and will not only be fresh, but as soft
and palatable as though cooked but m.
once. After an egg has been heated troa
and cooled you could cook it till dooms-" srt
day and it wonid not get hard. Some plu
property in it resists the hardening 01
process after it is once heated, if only prs
to the soft-boiled point. Some will turn m
up their patrician noses at the idea of to a
warmed-over eggs, but they will find -R'
them even better than warmed-over
meat.-N. Y. Advertiser. T
Remer sad Dty. be
You can not go through life, no mat- som
taer how humble your sphere, without torn
being called upon many times to decide r
whether you will be true or false to Is
honbr and duty. Duty and honor
must go hand in hand-there can be l.
no divorce between these words. You md
can make youpr lives useful, beautiful
and noble. You can make them worth- h
less and contemptible.-Detroit Free y
bras
-"How's Chapple lop', imiowin w
any?" Doctor--"Yes -8.b" m
his appetite?" "Goo d. Tee -.ym
took gruel and to.day tern, tle:
CIl .*n.'"-·lautweream
:SCHOOL AND CnUGtoii
. -Acoding to the Catholi
haltf there are about 152,000 colored
one lies in the United States.
nut- -A new porch and towers are te
.added to Trinity church, Bostoný
ozed object for which the late Bishbp
for left 82,000.
mon -George E. Hardy has been
hen professor of English language a~d
erature in the College of the -City
uld New York.
one -The number of educational i
him tions of one kind or another in ]ndi
side put down in Chambers' Cyclopedie..
(1892) at 134,000. ,.
sure -Gen. Booth of the Salvation arm
h a and his captains of either sex hsa'i
r in been officially declared to be ministeir, :"
has of religion within the meaning of the
igs. law.
lice -It is claimed that a college gradun
aes. ate's chances of obtaining a fair degree
ite- of eminence are as 250 to 1 as compared
nce with the men who have not been at
ing college.
on -It requires a sum of upward of £10,
or 000 a year. .voluntarily provided, to
mantain and educate the 500 fatherless
eat children of the Spurgeon orphans'
ter homes, Stockwell.
rio- -Dr. Buckley says he once attended
of a service in a Presbyterian church
rk, where every man present, except him- . A
ne self and the preacher, was asleep, and
I of every woman was awake.
-A striking proof of the growth of
a the missionary spirit is seen in the
en, fact that Australasia has recently sent
ur. missionaries to Ceylon, Africa, China
ee .and *apan.-Chicago Standard.
he -The recent parliamentary electiond
vo in Japan have resulted favorably to
rd the friends of Christianity and the poli
cy of encouraging foreigners. The
of fact of being a Christian has not oper
'er ated unfavorably in the case of any
as, candidate.
e- -A sister of the late Mr. Spurgeon
nd preached twice recently to crowded
te, congregations at the handsome church
h; in lHampstead road, in connection with
nc the service. Her manner is impressive,
ed and she bears a personal resemblance
to her eminent brother.
we -The diplomas received by the re
d, cent graduates of Radcliffe college will
if- some time possess great historic value.
at They are the first to bear the signature
n, of the president of Havard, which they
it do in addition to that of Mirs. Agassiz,
es president of Radcliffe.
'- -Rev. Sam Bettis, cowboy evan
:k gelist, thus sums up the results of his
ad recent revival at Bay City, Mich.: "I
had over 3,000 conversions, 1,:,1' '- 4~ .`(
ie pers signed the pledge, $862 ai
to for expenses, $500 clear for N. -:. and
er 6,000 people were fed free me .... :
er -The business college ide. .jr educa
)e tion, which has taken so fir'., :old of
.n the popular mind, is no : suddenu
r- growth, but is a natural aeveiupouet
a of the -:ndustrial conditions and re
t- quirements-of our time. The fact that
i, our ordinary schools and colleges did
not prepare for practical business life :
7, gradually became apparent, and thus
d the business school grew up to supply
h the deficiency.
y -Seven Chaldean priests from east
t- ern Turkey have come to this country
of to beg money for rebuilding a church
I, in their native land. Some showed a
letter of introduction, in very bad
e French, said to be from the bishop of
e Mesopotamnia. Others claimed to be
I Presbyterians. One said that he came
from the city of Van, in Asia Minor.
At first there was some hesitancy about
allowing them to land, as they ap
peared to be very like paupers. They
were, however, at last released.
HE GOT THE PLUME.
But He Was Not as Happy Afterward as He
Had Been.
A ludicrous incident occurred in one
of the prominent churches in this city
on a recent Sunday which is liable to
cool the churchgoing ardor of the young
man in the case and he a feature in the T=,I
experience of the young lady that she
will not soon forget.
The young man, immaculate in a
long coat. light creased trousers and
spotless linen, was ushered to a seat
directly in front of a bewitching and I
stylishly dressed young lady, on whose
curly head reposed an elaborate and
expensive model of milliner's art, the
principal feature of which was a very
large and beautiful plume.
When the good dominie commenced
his long prayer the young man's
thoughts were evidently on his fair
neighbor, and consequently he neglect
ed to assume an attitude of reverence.
Not so with the young lady. She
immediately bowed her head on the
back of the seat in front, and the plume
of her hat brushed the back of the
young man's neck.
Thinking it a fly, he tried to scare it ,
away with his hand: but, like the c4at,_
it "came back" with the persistenceo'
a book agent, and after several vain. tl
tempts to keep it off his neck visions
centipedes, scorpions, tarantulas
other poisonous monsters filled
agonized mind.
With desperation born of despair
made one grand grab, secured
troublesome object, gave a quik-g:,
strong jerk and landed the gorgeosiE
plume in his lap.
Of course the young lady was a-it
prised and indignant, and the yoi''
mn was so embarraased that hefg
to apologize at the close of the servieas
-Rochester (N. Y.) Democrat,
Opposea to coersce,.
The knight of rest slipped ina "the
backyard as if he had been gityt
some oflene, and putting, ak it
tomato can out of sight undr hiu-;
tered coat, he approached ts
lie of the kitchen sad tarppoiita
hisahalidom. In respomne, .w
girl, with a towel ties around har
made her appearance.
*weUll?" she amdt in
she took his meagderewiet
I- jst thoga .
" 0e don't
beigh?_hc~o~~odo,~S