SPAtISII c
-j
eitrqsonal nature, wilt be
f aoeoinsetiou in this pa-
fe e balls. etc.. %
oateS ineses less, free, ad a
an -Baker is in the a
'flcarged with having
-iece.
*cw Orleans -papers have
ce, Murderer Mitchell
,ily hafng.
1J ugs in Mississippi have "
=up- the sponge. Good for
is' State.
- akiin Vindicator is not
w2-ith the verdict in the
urice Hart is sent to the
iary the City Item will be I
f:4r the balance of its I
is e·tidently no love exist
Wen Editor Breaux and the
'Lok out for the Mafia,
i [Two.,ld seem that the present
,o administration is not well
_ s6ed toward the sugar planters
ouisiana.
jefnry Bier, the convicted mil
lire, is said to have implicated
well-known people in crooked
t in New Orleans. When
fall out, the penitentiary
"r=ld ge: its dues.
i:ace the enforcement of the
4 yada law in New York the rich
otels are permitted to serve all
isuds of drinks to their customers,
, ut the laboring man can not buy
iis pitcher of beer for his Sunday
c;tpner.
Supervisors of election in St. Ma
i y.parish are paid $x5o each for a
x-day2. services. The Patterson
'c is authority for this statment.
le pubhblic finances of that parish
3ianust-be in high state of prosperity.
4iOne hundred and fifty dollars a day
Ipretty good salary, even for a St.
sy upervisor of election.
People at both ends of St. Mary
r';eerxious to form new parishes.
ire'Banner attributes these moves
.to adesire on the part of politi
~-ns to create more offices. Does
- .eBanner mean to tell us that
'- there are enough people in St. Ma
.s-:-y not holding office to fill offices
or .two new parishes? Or is it that
M a St. Mary Democrat can, with
average good luck, handle two or
three offices satisfactorily?
HARD ON POLITICL4NVS.
In this State it begins to look
" very much like the campaign will
be fought with the politicians an the
i ne side, and the people on the
other.-Shreveport Progress.
The abov;, though springing from
an intelligent source, is a sample of
the same rot to which we are in
cessantly treated by a certain class
o,: .mif Louisiana papers. If Editor
Hicks will only look over the names
of the leaders "of his side of the
,house" he will perceive the absurdi
t. of his remark. To be frank,
there a.e politicians at the head of
* both factions of the Democratic
'jparty in this State and a number of
Sthem want office at any cost, and the
assertion that the people are on
.one side and the politicians
o:.-n the other will deceive no
"ne with a thimbleful of
irains. And why all this cry
iAgainist the politicians? Simply be
Caisse a man takes a leading part in
uhe politics of his country he should
Sbranded iWith all the crimes in the
4 dar? A man is a political
| on account of his ability or
.iiutc;rity. He would not be a lead
.t if the people did not want him to
o i-one and it is the veriest nonsense
t rttaa e the stale, old cry ol "beware
ithe politicians!" Whenever we
r any one abusing the "politi
we 'Are sorely tempted to in
'ke iinto his own political career
S:' is generally found to be of a
i ihat reminds one of the old
.thye "pot calling the kettle
':4Sho us a man who is
diskhg.about that *"modern
i* tpician" and we will
S " a Inan whose political
rete at one time
sigher than Gilroy's kite.
to one, Sho# you a
Sp!riitian himself or
IB '
cuos gore:. dur t ea da
of Amican hisiory. He' "is an .ti
old, tit e-hortore'l institution and v
should be respected for his venera- ti
ble character if for notihng else. Lt
_- is,
A NEW CAR FENDERI.
b
H. L. -Flk's. Coa!tritance to Save
Life and Limb. Ii
Times Democrat. -i o
A new car "encder has been 'invented by t*
Mr. Hilblert-L. Falk, of this city, which he
claims to-;b 'ltter than any now on the n
market.  broug'ht a model to The Times- P y
Demaocrat.office yesteiday. It is to project
about three feet in front of the car, and can c
be detached P4a; used on either end. _ g
The n~m fiature of the invention is that
it can'be dbopped to a level of the radls by
means of spring, which is worked by the s
motorman in exactly the same way as the
gong is. The fender is made of rubber, S
ad* ordinarilyis six inches above the rails,
but by means of two powerful springs it is
made to shoot outward and slide along the t
rails in front of the car. Underneath the i
rubber is placed a set of steel brushes which F
operate to prevent anything getting below c
the fender. When anything is struck by. a
the car the rubber will act as a shovel and
throw it on to the fender. Mr. Falk is v
making one of these fenders out of brass,
and he intends to make a present of it to the
Traction company. The patent has been
applied for.
Mr. Falk is the inventor of the electric
dynamo which requires no steam for its
operation, a description of which was pub- 5
lished some time ago in The Times- Demo
crat.
Mr. Falk is backed by Mr. N. P. Moss,
one of the wealthiest men of the parish.
DUMAS' GOLDEN RULES.
The Author's Prescription for
Health, Wealth and Wis
domn.
- Figaro.
s "Walk two hours every day; sleep seven
hours every nighti go to bed always alone,
if you need to sleep; get up as soon as you
wake; work as soon as you get up; eat only
when you are hungry, and drink only when
you are thirsty; and eat and drink always
slowly.
",Never speak except when it is necessary, 1
and never say more than half of what you
think. Never write anything that you can
Y not sign, and never do anything that you
cannot avow. Never forget that others will
count upon you, and that you must never
count upon them. Value money at its real
worth, neither more nor less. It is a good
servant, but a bad master.
"Keep away from women until you are
twenty, and avoid them when you are forty.
Never attempt to produce anything without
a thorough understanding of that which you
y undertake, and destroy as little as possible.
y Pardon everybody beforehand, to be on the
safe side. Do not despise men; do not
hate them, and do not laugh at them beyond
measure. Pity them.
"Think of death every morning when you
a see the light, and every evening on the ap
proach of darkness. When your sufferings
are great look your grief in the face; it will
console you itself and teach you something.
h Try to be simple, to become useful, to re
main free, and before denying God wait un
til somebody proves to you that iHe does not
exist.
"Y For a man and for a woman there is a
succession of duties to be fulfilled which en
ables them to look always ahead and to be
come accustomed to the absence of the ob
jects of their most dear affections. The
world would finish too quickly if the first
i. child was not able to survive the death of
the first mother.
"Misfortunes and trials attack noble souls
without hurting them. They are like the
,s ro}-ks of granite that the sea covers in times
of tempest with its furious waves, fancying
tt that it is drowning them, while it is merely
washing them, so that they reappear again
in the sunlight more polished and more shin
s ing than ever. Adversity embellishes,those that
it cannot cast down. By the law of nature
a man should have many children, lie
h should raise them well, so that they may be
useful; and he should love them, so that
they may be happy. To get married when
a man is young is healthy; to choose, in no
matter what class, a good, honest girl; to
love her with all his heart and soul, and to
smake her a reliable companion and a proli
fic mother; to work to raise his children,
11 and to leave them when dying the example
of his life--that is the true meaning and ob
ject of life; the rest is only error, crime, or
e folly.
"In truth, the average man is only above
11 ambient humanity on one single plane, vir
tue; and, as there can be no virtue, without
f humanity, those alone have the right to con
sider themselves the superiors of others to
whom they acknowledge that they are supe
s rior is denied. Talent, and especially its
hr igher form called genius, is involuntary.
It is not the result of the efforts of man; it
!s is, like beauty, the gift of God. That is
c why it is of secondary order; and posterity
will only rememnber it for its virtue, its sin
- cerity, and its communion in universal pro
gress. Glory for glory's sake is a shametul
speculation.
f "'The men who rejoice in their celebrity
are simpletons; thie men who are proud of
their genius are fools.
3f "There is one thing that is especially
e beautiful in great and pure affections, and
that is that, after the pleasure which they
n afford has passed away, there remains the
s happiness of their recollection.
"Very often an unexpected grief of an un
o merited misfortune gives to a mian an energy
Sand a perseverance which he could never
filnd ill happiness. And after such trials a
Sman often becomes superior who would have
Sremained simple and vulgar if he had always
been happy. He who is without energy
in when young will never have it. Grit is not
Id a winter fruit; it never grows in snow.
"One may expect everything from a mant
3C of energy to whom misfortune has given cour
al age and ambition.
"ALEXANDRE DUMAS fils."
d- Police Jury Proceedings.
to LAPAYETTE, LA., JULY 29, 1895.
The Police Jury met this day in regular
te session with the following members present:
R. C. Landry, A. D. Iandry, H. hi.
Durke, Alfred lIehert, Alf. A. Delhomme,
.e J. G. St. Julien and C. C. Brown. Absent:
i Jos. W. Broussard.
The minutes of the previous meeting were
n- read and approved.
SBy motion of Mr. St. Julien, the secretary
was authorized to correspond with the Police
a Jury of Vermilion and request its co-opera
id tion iln the payment of cost in thie construc
tion of a bridge-keeper's house at Olidon
IlC roussard's ferry. Mr. D)urke reported the
is cost ot said building as 593 in full.
Mr. Hebert reported having fulfilled his
rn instruction as to building certain bridges ill
ill connection wtth the town authorities. Ap
proved.
:al - Mr. Benj. Avant, appointed to represent
n this parish in the State Agricultural Society
convened in the town of Natchitoches, re
e. ported concerning the said convention and
a its results. 3By request the addlss of Mr.
Avant before the society was read for the
or benefit of the jury.
M's r. Avant"suggcstcd that the jury invite
the society to hold its next meeting in IL
O fayette and by motion it was resolved that a
cordial iinvitation is hereby extended the
soiety tt c svn'n its next session in Lafa
pi ytteo M 'Ir. Afred Ilcbert wau,; o:horivred
ntcs -was ý : w~ovant or_ýi5
Bais.for f t i ncm of a bridgt .ote:r i
"thie Euilece nriar i: Mouton's plake were a
opened and the contract awarded to Messrs.
Webb and Akccneaux.
By motion 5o per cent was deducted from
the icnsme of Nuna . Sehayot, in the su't of 1 -
Lafayette parish versus N. Schayot on the
Ssarre terms and conditiona as entered into ,
with Messrs. Jno. O. Motuon, Alfred lic
bert and others.
A petitiona.sking.for a change in the pub- I
i lic road near the proposed sugar refiner-y in
C Course of constritction on Mr. Chas. A. Mou
I ton's place was read and by motion Mr. R.
! C. Landry-was appointed to accept, the do
i nation of road by Chas. A. Mouton, and re
present the parish in any "exchange or done
t tion deemld necessary to make the
change as prayed for and described by di.
gram submitted.
The following was adopted:
Whereas the sheriff and the parish trea
surer do not agree as to the manner of de
cducting costs due on fines collected by him,
of which the sheriff has heretofore made a
statement to this body and whereas the
School Board has appointed a committe for
the purpose of adjusting the difference; Be
it resolved that a committee of three be ap
pointed by this body to meet the committee
, of the School Board and the Sheriff to effect
an adjustment in the premises- Messrs. Alf.
I Hebert, T. A. McFadden and A. M. Martin
were appointed on said committee.
The following was also adopted:
Whereas act 76 of 1884 provides that the
o Police Juries, of the several parishes and the
municipal authorities of the several towns
and cities and the city of New Orleans,
s shall have exclusive-right to make rules and
regulations for the sale or prohibition of
intoxicating liquors. Therefore be it re
solved by this Police Jury that we will enter
tain petitions under this law asking for an
election on the question when such petition
shall be signed by onh fifth of the legal
voters, of the parish of. Lafayette.
Mr. Geo. A- Webster, representing the
Pauly Jail Building Company, submitted a
proposition to place a new steel cell in the
parish jail and make other needed repairs in
consideration of $zSoo.
By motion the matter was laid over.
The following, indigents were allowed
S$2.50 each: Adolph Labande, Franciase
Labarriere, Joseph Bonhome and wife, Mrs.
Sarazin Mathieu, Mrs. Emerenthe Bonin.
Mr. Filiasse Boudreaux was appointed
n roadoverseer for the 4th ward instead of F.
O. Broussard.
The treasurer submitted his monthly re
port as follows:
LAFAYETTE, LA., JULY 29, 1895.
To the Preside'nt and .lembers of the Police
Jfury, Parish of Lafayette.
GENTLEMEN--The following is a state
Il ment of receipts and disbursements of parish
d funds since last report:
DR.
e June 24, 1895. To balance on hand
F- as per settlement with com.........$377 97
it July 9. To ain't front tax col. taxes
' collc'd in June ........... ....... 48 54
Juty 9. To ain't from tax-col. li- t
e censes cole'd in June ............. 20 0oo
At July Is. To ain't from tax-col. li
d censes compromise cirtificate .... 473 50 °
u $920 o0
CR.
1 July 27, 1895. BIy am't from cirtifi
cates .................... ... . .. ... .. 5 So0
July 27. BIy anm't app'd orders . .. 413 72
- July 9. By ain't 5 per ccit coim.
t tax-coll'r ...... ........................... . I oo,
July 9. By ain't 5 per cent com. t
a tax-- oll'r ........... ..... . . . 2 42
- July I. By anl't 5 per cent co:n.
tax-c ll'r........... .. ............. .. 23 67
tre $446 6I
st To balance on hand $473.40.
f Respectfully subu!)itt:l,
July 29, 1895. WM. Cri.c;t;, Treasurer.
to The following accounts were approved:
es Alf. A. Delhonmne, unloading luIn
bg ber ........... ....... ........s 2 oo
ýy Alcide Judice, keg nails .............. 4 00
in J. E. Kee, building keeper's house .. 93 00
n- W. It. Bailey, 500 subpoencrs ........... 2 So
at Moss & Mouton, lumber ....:........... 274 97
re II. Billeaud. feeding prisonas ........ 129 00
le II. Billeaudl, hauling refuse ............ 2 00
be J. C. Iluchanan, R. commissioner
at etc........ .... ...... ......... .. .. ..... 3 70 1
n Aymnar Guidry, repairing bridges . 3 50
1o A. Cheffer, lumber.. ................ Su 35
to Pierre Trahan, 6o lbs nails 1.50 hide
to 25 ................. ............... ......... 1 75
.i- J. E. Primeaux" coioner's juror ..... 2 30
r, J. H. David, Nelson I-igginbuthain,
Ic J. 0. O.lanchet and Adam Primeaux
b- coroner's jurors, each .................. 2 to
or There being no further business the police
jury adjourned
R. C. LANDRY, President.
ut R. C. GREIG, Secretary.
to From the Sugar Cane State to
e- the Golden Gate.
its
y" A ride of Three Thousand Five
i Hundred M~iles (3,500) made in
ty five days in a Pullman Tourist
n- Sleeper through the great States of
V. Louisiana, Texas, New Mexico,
Arizona and Californtia, to Portland,
ty Oregon, with only one change of
of cars. This is what the Traveler,
ly Sight-seer or Homeseeker can do.
id Sights of mountain grandcur, supe
ey rior in vastness to any in the known
le world, open upon the vision,
Schanging with kalecidoscopic rapidi
y ty from the last beautiful bit of
er scenery to new ones even more so.
a The Southern Pacific Railroad is
e the artery over which the finest trains
tun over the best track of steel rails
0t in the South, reaching from Gulf to
Ocean. Her equipment is modern,
Sher road-bed magnificently ballas
red, and her motive power is -un
equalled south of the Ohio river.
All these qualifications are facts.
Her employes alway courteous. A
trip from "The Land of Sugar Cane,
la Rice Fields and cotton" to the Pa
. cific Coast is an education in itself
e, never to be regretted. Write for
t: any information to the nearest rep
re resentative of this great system of
railroads and steamship lines, and
ry receive in return your question
CC answered, reliable and to the point.
SAny of our readers contemplating a
n trip will do well to inquire of the
he nearest Souther'n Pacific System's
Agents before buying eisewhere.
i S. F. B. Morse, G. P. & T. A.,
New Orleans, La.
nt
C. Jennaro,
SSHOE-MAKER,
it aiakes a good, durable shoe. Good fit
- guarantecd.
the Mr. Jenuaro will also give music lessons
f. in all kinds of brass instruments and clari
ed' i¢t. l':',~'5 .:,.. ci near d!epot
givet;+ y thw an .rssmn+ mg
Gira s Spii; on Smnda Aug.
ri, Pfrin9 a. i: to ~ p. mi. All
are invited.
H. GERA,,C, Preside st.
I.ouis LAcos'rE, Secretary.
Restores
Gray HaIr to
Natural Color
"More than a year ago, my hair
begn turning gray and falling
out. Though I tried many reme
dies for it nothing I used satisfied
me until i commenced to use
AY ER'S
Hair Vigor
After using one bottle of this
preparation, my hair was restored
o its natural color, and ceased
falling out."--Mrs. HERZAf ANN,
859 E. 68th St., New York, N. Y.
Prevents
Hair from
Falling Out.
G EO. A. DEBLANC
-dealer in
WOOD, LIME PB'G sCOAL
Wholesale and retail.
Machine-Sawed & Split Ash
Stove Wood.
Cypress and Pine Kindling.
All Orders Promptly Attended to.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LOUISIAN:A.
Office and Yard near R. R. Depot.
n45-r.
D. V. Gardebled
PHARMACIST,
and dealer in
Drugs, Patent Medicinces,
Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
hours of the day ant night. Everything o
be found in a first class drugstore.
s'- Nextto Falk's Opera HIouse.
Will Hltty Cane.
Mlessrs. Flowver Bros., of Alexandria,
Ihave leased th Cal:!canicit uu r Rt:lin -ry at
I akbe Charles. Th.ey will Ilurchase cane: for
the season. AddresC
'LOWER V -)S.,
Al:x:an.!ria, l.a.
Good Seuirce. Prom;7pt Returns.
COLU AM BII
__- DRICE MILL,
NEW YORK.
a The undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
! above mill which is amlong the
largest and best equipped of its
kind in the United States; solicit
o ing for it a share of patronage.
IRice milled only on toll.
If desired will make liberal cash
advances immediately on receipt of
goods.
e Shipments should be made in
I strong bags and marked plainly so
f as to be easily identified.
Bags returned or accounted for.
f Sales guaranteed and accounts
rendered promptly.
1 DAN TALMAGE'S SONS.
115 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
NEWV ORLEANS.
CHARLESTON.
Your Opportunity
lTs-.ipe. During the months of April
Sand May we will sell all kindsof Furniture
Sand Stoves at absolute cost. This is no
Shumbug sale, but a bonalide cost-price sale.
You can supply your wants at a price never
before heard of, if you buy now.
L. LEVYI & SON.
, . BERNARD,
BARBER, SHOP,
SDOMENGEAUX BUII.)ING, ,
near So. Pac. Depot, n--22
SBeausejo u r
Springs,
s On thie Itnks of the lcautiful Bayou
Vermillion.
- EXCELLINT SPRING ,VAT'ER.
COIMMOL)IOUS BATII IlOUsIiS.
Slarge T)Dancing Platform. Beautiful Grouinds
and I'lenty of Shade. Elegant Spot for
t Picnics, 'Parties, Etc. Vnater for dlrinking
Inid(l bathing purposes unsurpas..cd. (cone
s and see the p;lace a.nd enjoy a splenti.t lIath.
r i Temperate and Cold lWater
for Bathinq.
Poor
HealthI
means so much more than
you imagine-serious and p
fatal diseases result from
trifling ailments neglected.
Don't play with Nature's
greatest gift-health.
If you  fe delin A
out of sorts, wear
and generally ex
ha&Jsted, nervous,
have no appetite
B1lid can't wor,
begin at oncetak
ing the most relin
ble strengtheningg
medicine which is
Ironrn' ro Bit
ters. A few bot
ties cure-benefit
comes from the
very fitrt dose--i
Bitters o' tainm
eethi, and i.'s
_ __pleasant. to take.
It Cures
Dyspepsia, Kidney and Liver b
Neuralgia, Troubles, P
Constipation, Bad Blood
Malaria, Nervous ailments
Women's complaints. .
Get only the genuine-It has croesea red
lines on the wrapper. All others are sub
stitutes. On receipt of two ac. stamps we
will send set of Ten Beautiful World's
Fair Views and book-free.
BROWN CHEMICAL CO. BALTIMORE, MD.
Notice.
Mr. Isaac Bendel will have charge of my
business during my absence. lie is author
ized to collect all accounts and to represent
me in all other matters pertaining to my
business. B. FALK,
Lafayette, La., July 8, 1895,
Notice.
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids
will oe received at the next meeting of the
Police Jury, July 29. for the construction of
a new bridge near Dr. J. F. Mouton's place.
Said bridge to be same dimensions and con
struction as at present except the width
which shall be 16 feet. All material for the
construction of said bridge will be furnished
by the parish and delivered on the ground.
The right to reject any and all bids is here
by reserved.
ALFRED HEBERT,
Police Juror, 3rd. ward.
Lafayette, La., July 8, 1895.
Protection to Game and Poultry.
The undersigned will pay $5o bounty to
the persons making the highest numnler of
points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the pari-sh of Lafayette,
La., before the 1st day of January, 1896,
as f.ollows:
$25 to the one making greatest number o
points.
t5 t the one making next greatest num
ber of points.
$1- to the one making next greatest num
ie- ,-f po ,t,-.
Value of different heads are to be counted
bly points, as fellows.
PO INTS POl NTS
Lar:e lhawk ....i..15 W ill cat ...........15
S.sall hawk ... 15 (Con ..... 5
Owl .............. 15 .Opossum ........... 5
Mink ............. 5 i 'easel ..... I5
Sku'k ......... ... I5 Fox .........15
lleads of birds of prey and scalps of ani
mlills to be delivered to %'Vm. Clcgg who will
give receipt for points, no bounty to be paid
for less than live hundred points.
1. F. M.-tIES.
SIIEPIFF'S SALE.
Homer Durio vs. Alcide Cormier
--17th Judicial District Court
--Pari;h of Lafayette,
La.-No. 3915.
13y virtue of a writ of fierra facias issued
from the 17th Judicial Diistrict Court in the
above entitled and numbered suit and to
me directed, I have seized and taken into
my possession and will offer for sale and
will sell to the last anl hih`lest biddler, !,
tween the legal sale hours, on
f Saturday, August 24, 189.5,
at the court-hounse in the tawn of Lafayette,
La., the following dles ribed property. to
wit:
Act 1642S, partition between heirs of J.
R. Rosemuond Cormier, Alcide Cormier, and
a certain tract of land containing thirty-six
141x00 arpents buoundedlc north by Bayou
Carencro, south by llervillicn Cornicr, cast
by Arcade Cormicr, w.-t by l)r. J. 1Francez.
Act 20399, one ccrta:in tract of land si
tuated in the parish of Lafayette, containing
Stwelve aind one-third arpeints, b.uanded north
bIy Aristide Corminier, siuth bt, Onezime
Corinier, cast Iby Ilervillien Cormiecr and
wsest by IDr. J. Francea; with all improve
nuti t - ther, n.
Terms, CASH.
1SAA\C A. IROUISSARD, Sheriff.
Lafayette, La., July 20, IS95.
KILL-GERMV
SCURES ITOH
IN 30 ]MIINUTES.
Cures Mange on Dogs.
Cures Scratches quicker than
any other known remedy.
Cures all skin diseases.
For sale by
WM. CtEGG.
Chas. D. Caffery,
ATT''I'ORNEY AT ,LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC.
Off(ice on Madison street, LAArvETTE, IA.
Cham'oerlain'e ae n- . r 1cin OThtxr~r..
Is nnequrallhed for SEcn~na:, 'Te:tr, '-:1
ilheumt, Sculd H[ead, Sore Nipplk , C3a,·Led
Ilitnids, Itching Pites. BIrns, Firost Li.s
(Chronic Sore Eves alnd r:anuiated Eye La--.
For sale 'y druggists at 23 ceintS per Lox.
Is TO HOR8S OW<NER.
For putting a horse in a fine hIalthy con
g d!( n try Pr. CnIdy's Cn~dition P',.'dors.
e They tone p the sy;tem, aid digestion, cure
i. los;s o ?jptie, relieve constipation, correct
Skidney iorers and destroy orms, givin,
new life to an old or over-worked hIore. 2|
cent per packag~. For bale by druggistr
By Breeding
to Pure Bred "1'OLSTEIN BULL."
Breckinridge.
Fee, $2.1iG
Pure Bred Jersey Bull,
Beecher.
Fee, $2.o0.
Pure Bred Red Jersey Hog,
OSCAR WILDE.
Fee, $1.00
UJetsual Prl'vlege of Retu rr
AT T. F. MYLES,'
Near Lafayette, La.
, , , . .. . , .. .. .  ..
IG PROUFITiS Small Investments.
Returning IloSperity "will mak, ,oany rich. but nowhere can they make so much within a short time
as by successful Speculation in Grain, Prtvisions and Stock.
$10 00 FOR 1EACHI DOLLAR INVEST. D canl be made by our
1O Systematic Plan of Speculation
originated by :s. All successful .pcnlul tr. operate on a regular system.
It is a well-kn,wn fact that there arc thousancis of men in all parts of the United States who, by
systematic trading tlhrotgh Chicago brokers, make large amount. eS-cry year. ranging from a few thou
,and dollars tor the tan aho invest. a hundred or two Ihndred dollars up to 5o,ooo to $o100,000 ooor more
by those whlo invest a few thousaad.
it is also a fact that those who take the largest profits from comparatively small investments on this
plan are persons -,l-ho live away from Chicago and invest through brokers who thoroughly understand
systematic trading.
Our plan does nort risk the whole amount invested on any trade, but covers both sides, so that
whether the market rises or falls it brinlgs a steady profit that piles tip enormously in a short time.
WRHITE FOR CONIVINCING rIOOPs, also our Manual on successful speculation and our Daily
Market Report, full of moneyv-msakin g pucinters. ALL PRBE. Our Manual explains margin trading
fully. Highest rfcrence.-s in regard to our standing and succcss.
For further inlormation addless.
THOMAS &. CO., Bankers and Brokers,
241-242 Rialto Building, CHICAGO, ILL.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN,
LD FDLJ 1 TI%7 ,:
-AND DEALERS IN-
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
School Books a 'd Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigars
Meillier's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compounded Day & Night
I --Y93
"Things of the past are dead buried, and forgotten."
I am now in a position to more than
MEET COMPETITION
I can make good my ass.-ertion with the proof. My son, HENRY BEN
DEL, lives in New York. This gives rme
UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
Over Competitors to Have a
Resident-Buyer
In New York
B. FALK, Lafayette, La.
--AT'-
Mrs John O. Mouton's
Fine Hats And Bonnet s,
And all the, Millinery Novelties,
Dress Goods, Shoes,.
.And Stockings.
- --°.- '- -  -
IOYCLES,
S " Are the
H ighest
of all -
Grades
Warranted Superior to any Bicycle built in the
World, regardless of Price. &i
.•. ,cRead the following oapinion of one of the most prominent Amne
rican dcalrs c ho has sold hundreds of these wheels:
;' RICIIHMOED, VA., OCT. a, 1894,
n.tT ". A niriCLt. ("... rTT,.i T fO.I. ItN,.:
- " • -S :.- e afI:,id .tl t:.lve .,t I  the iPih pried wheel a-f istake. You L-ain't
aT n o. x" : ;r .nI Inr e , 00 so , k: n w tlhat is a righ t good num ber), w e have never h atd
s .............. . an :ay .y ~'. ny , " l:sl" \:)te r el, h l, cer high grade. so called, that we sell.
T . .-:d . " D r o p 1-','ro - .n , 5 m e 1\ ,'c c , g ha LU i. : ot o n h;.l\ S c eC . V d a y th a t w e P re th e ' ra v e r le , eg e ntr .
a: 1its :a dl ·t!irts ... . $75 Y our s truly. W ar.TER C . ~I.RCR & cn O.
!, i;.\t . arl, . ZI!ru-;t;-i-tecd Catgalo tae Free.
Indiana Bicy le Co. |I'DAINAPO.IS,JIND.
0LEGiG. Ex sive Algenrt, Iafayette, La
Ai ress. erb i iy ~ Esp1aar·de . c'etd
NEW ORI.EATc'. ' ".
Rcprc cnts---
WM, H, LEE & .0i
Wholesale liquorsa
713 and 715 Lucas Avenue, St. LOUIS, Me.
31-xy
ORLEANS HOTEL,
NIRS. ALF. VCORHIES, Prop.
BOARD BY TIIE DAY, \VEEK, OR
MONTH. RATES REASONABLE.
Lafayette, - - - - - La: