:' ~ii l with twheumteam in my lets
*0u Ei tfool HooE aui aparila and the fh
jeitn is al g ns" br)esa 3. . BLA.,
3 -..ouse, Coarilesoa, S. c. t
. WOR.-D'S-PAIR *f
Iasjustly acquired the reputation of being I
The Salvator for
A!AL
SThe-Aged.h
AN INCOMPARABLE ALIMENT for the
Gaowrn and PROTECTION of INFANTS and
A superior nutritive in continued Fevers,
And a reliable remedial agent
in all gastric and enteric diseases ;
often in instances of consultation over
patients whose digestive organs were re
duced to such a low and sensitive condition
that the IMPERIAL (RANUM was I
the only nourishment the stomnach
would tolerate when LIFE seemed
depending on its retention;
And as'a FOOD it would be difficult to
coneeive of anything more palatable.
seoi by DRUGGISTS. Shipping Depot,
JOHN CARLB & SONS. New York.
OO UCLAS
l r- tea A KING.
5. GORDOVAN,
m -eeImnasmLIns CAT.
Fli3grggjy&mma
*3.PPOULCE,.aso3 s.
,51,. . WORKINO
OvrO  r - People wert
W. L. Douglas $3 & $4 Shoes
Al outr shoes ame equally satisfactory
They giv the uelt value for the money.
TM a g sisem shoes in etyle and it.
ameirweu q e res unsur
Yseem.--o mpedst _on sole.
IFrew 1r _ved ever the retakes.
Itfweadeiler Cafot supply you we can.
Be ndependent rm
your own and in a few years you will wonder
why you remained in the cities and paid rent.
You n states Homestead Land
or the Unites StOtes
government. PREE OP COST, along the line
of the Lake Superior division of the ONIOCAO,
mILWAUKEE s ST. PAUL RAILWAY, in North
ern Wisconsin and Upper Michigan. or you can
buy at low prices on easyterms. Address C. E.
ROLLINS. 161 La Sallo St., Chicago. IlL
50 YEARS
OF SEEDS
Waensld liuseeds-Vegetable, iower. BCrass, Gra
for half a hundred years-Book about e seeds that
row--no colord plates-plain ststementa of paLo seed
act--we potererthing i~o seed quality-Seod address
en poa for it. LNT SED CO.,
alb N[. rourth Street, St. Louis, oY.
IHEALTH
MIRE & A'H
FOR ALL WOMEN WHO USE
CLA RETTE 5OAr
TE IH.KEUAlIA HIK GIPOFAlL ST.LJous
Sc,' Emulsion
el God-rier Ofi, with RUp phosphites of d.ne and Soda,
i eosatructive food th'i nourishes, enriohes the blood,
eetes ks olid she stops waSting and gives .steegth. It i.
a Diseases r ou d
l - eeth.s eki .has ao equal as
I ages (in hMa latatel
"Yeo never aecept any moae of mrei0
ke about lady shoppers who ver,
b sa" ild - Snickers to the editorn
"No, I'm mmarred now," wastbe astl
factory rsaponse.-Detroi tPree Pres.
Tnvarxmm-"Of course you :tave some m
idea as to whom we are indebted for
the origination of language?' Oldbaoh
-"Woman, doubtless. Eve's acttoms, .
at least, have created more or less w
talk."-l-uffalo Courier, tb
IN 1795.
A xAn, ocArnmllr was sent out from j
Boston, Philadelphia or New York to a at
country town only when there was w
enough mail to pay him for the trip. IN
SWax a Virginian started on a jour- b
ney to New York, he made his will and
bade farewell to his friends, as though ,
he expected never to see them again. ,
QuAlasa s between the boxes and the ea
pit in the theaters were common, and b
the people in the former sometnmes spat
down on the heads of the crowd below. d
BUemsles men and politicians gener- L
ally used a cipher in their correspond- g
ence, lest their communications become I
public property, 'by being read by the p
postmasters.
PAINTED signs representing red dogs, e
blue monkeys and other remark&ble o
animals appeared over the doors of dry i
goods stores and other mercantile es- t
tablihmenta. t
oreat week salead Bonut Playlag Ords.oa
If you send 15 cente in stamps or'coin to s
Joust nssBATIA, Gen'l Pass..lAgent, C., . 1
I. & P. R'y, Chicago, you wilt receive peat 1
paid the slickest pack Of- playing card
you ever handled. Beautiful stee engwaed
Whist Rules accompany them free.
"Yo'LL0 please look over thi small bill,"
1 exclaimed the dun. The debtor took it;
s and then said he, with weary smile: "I'd
rather overlook it."-Philadelphia Record.
SCarci Colds and Bronchitis with Hale's a
Honey of I orehound and Tar. .
Pike's TutJhache Drops Cure in one minute.
PEooT-"'sVas ye hearin' that Jeanie An
etus b 's gettin' mairret" Kirsty-"Stupit
creatur ti Hoo is she able tae keep a man1"
-Punch.
LEAVES ITS MARK
--every one of the painful irregularities
and weaknesses that prey upon women.
They fade the face, waste the figure, ruin
/ the temper, wither you up, make you old
before your time.
Get well : That's the way to look well.
Cure thle disorders and ailments that beset
you. with Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip
tie,:.
It regulates and promotes all the proper
functions, improves digestion, enriches the
o blood, dispels aches and pains, melancholy
and nervousness, brings refreshing sleep,
and restores health and strength. It's a
St powerful general, as well as uteriue, tonic
or and nervine, imparting vigor and strength
,t. to the entire system.
Mrsi. Amva Urancar, ofI CCw, h alo Co.,
/e ngoo |ealth tIhanks to
neDr. Pierce's Pavorite Pre
g sei t iou and 'Golden
h- edal Discovery.' I
. '-| was under doctors' care
an for two years with wonmb
-dss and gradually
w asting in strength all
thetiume. I was so weak
Sthati could sit up in bed
only a few mnoments, for
twoyears. I onmmenced
- taking Dr. Pierce's Fa
l . vorite Prescription and
- his' Golden Medical Dis
covery,' and by tihe time
I had taken one-half dos
- - ( ,en "Iottles I was up and
i -,_"I r going wherever I pleased,
Wa.. Lr-. and have rad good health
imi. Uarca. and been, very strong
ever since--that was two years and a half ago."
a A book of 168 pages on "W oman and Her
at Diseases " nailed sealed, on receipt of To
* cents in stamps for postage. Address,
-s WORLD'S DISPENSARY MEDICAL ASSOCTA
ru. Tio' , 663 Main Street, Buffalo, N. Y.
-. Ot.a t
mi sore bee name s
owwie .O Wm. flº,tic
... 1 elmon IJdSt., Pl..tr
-,eb ease was diagnoed andshe Ies
ba" vably- that -she was in an ave on
vance stage of gavase0a~ mtb The exames- led
Shp Avon showed ba te. su
blng was suppsed to exist. She went home th'
to her family dia eabceed awomnd Int
with death starg her it the wace.. Th was ad s
the beinnig of the story, the nd was told tim
by Bowen, who no longer epects to and
die, to a reporter.wh visited her hovna tan
lh st symptoms of consumpt. oa ahme of t
in the form of tatible sweats, both night
and day. From Anril until September I oi
was constantly cold and kept wrapped up
nblankettathrough the hottest weather. A paS
terrible cough took posasssion of me, my age
breast. was, sore to the slightest touch, and I
my limab Were like cold clay. The hardest rea
rubbing wth- the coarses towel would not not
create the slightest-fneh, atd the least ex- l
ertion would so exhaust me that I could a 1
barely gasp for water. e
"I went to the hospital in Jiy and they
diagnosed my - case as above stated. It not
was when the clouds were the darkest fr
that the first glint of sunshine came. Mr. 'I
tShelmerdine a friend, who lives arotund at n
1864 Clementine St., said to me one day: roe
Mrs. Bowen didyon ever try Dr. Williams' p
Pink Pills ior Pale People had never
heard of -the medicine, but in my condition tie
could not turni dea ear to anything that F
offered relief. It was after considerable dr
thought and investigation that I concluded an
to discontinue all the medicine I.was taking, v4
Including cod ier oil, and depend entirely of
on P.nkPi. I began to take the Pills, r
a firstwithebut.little encouragement. The
first sign of improvement was a warmth an
and a tingling aensation ia my limbe. fee
Finally the cough disa ared, my chest is
lost Its soareness and I e to gain flesh m.
until I was fifteen pounds ver.- All this
Sowe to-Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and I T1
cannot praise them to highly." o .
Mrs. Bowen ih a kin faced lady of Ilo
middle age, a church aemnber well-known
and highly esteemed. She ioae to-day fi
well an strong, and it' seems almost in- be
possible that shoe was ever given up by sel
eminent physicians asan incurable con rol
sumptive. Yet such is the case beyond all
diuto.by
r. Wiflliams' Pink Pills contain all the in
elements necessary to give new life and me,
richness to the blood and restore shattered
I nerves. They are for sale by arll druggists,
or maybe had by mail from Dr. Williins' c
Medicine Co., Schenectsdy, N. Y., for We vs
per box, or six boxes for t2.
A tLuas-*aSrY.-He--"I never smoke a fo
cigarette without thinkin what a fool I ro
am." She-"I didn't know beiore that there m
was any virtue in cigarettes, at all.--De- ti
troll Free Press.
IsARseeT GARDENirs GROW RICH. gc
There is lots of money made in early ux
vegetables. Everybody admits that the ro
very earliest vegetables are producerd m
-from Salser's Northern Grown seeds.
Think of having radishes in fourteena
days; lettuce in twenty days; potatoes i
in forty days; peas in forty-six days, tr
and splendid cabbage in fifty-five days tb
from day of sowing seedl tr
IP YOU WILL CUT Tls OUT AND SlND ~ IT C
I with 81 money order to the John A. lb
SalzerSeed eompany, LaCrosse, Wis. p,
j you will get free thirty-five packages t
earliest vegetable seeds and their great r
seed catalogue, or for six cents postage ti
r a package of FOURTEEN DAY PARIS RAD- ac
in seed and their seed catalogue. [K] w
01
L"I spwosS Nowrlche's new house is t`
sumptuously fitted up!" Yes indeed. lHe
has everything you can think of that is a
cotly Why, his lre-extlnguisher is kept
futl of champagne all the time."-Harper cc
Bater. 01_
Sflow's T-hiPS fc
We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward for 01
any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by w
SClls Catsarrh e.
F. J. Csxsmr & Co. Props., Toledo, O.
We, the undersigned, have known . d. n
e Cheney for last 15 years, and beieve t
Sbint perfectly honorable in all business b,
d trnsactions and fLnancially able to carry
r out any ob laon made by their firm.
west e e oE, Wholesale Druggist, To a
dO led. 0. Wsidng, Kinnan 8d Marvin, th
SWholesale DruggistS, Toledo, O. a
Hall's Catarrh-ure Is taken internally,
acting directly on the blood and mucous o
d surfaces of the system. Price. 75c. per bot. c
Ue. Sold by all Drussts. Testimonials ree
H al's Fami yPIii. 95c.
A BwAn AnTnI.-Bell-"Was Jones sea- c,
sick coming overt" Pell-"Terribly: We
were three hours ahead of the record at one
o time, and he didn't take the slightest inter. r
Seatin it."-Puck.
split the Century In Three Parts.
And shout one and a third of the last of
these represents the term of popularity of
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, the most high
ly sanctioned and widely known remedy in 8
existence for dyspepsia, lack of stamin a
liver complaint, constipation, nervousness, r
incipient rheumatism and inactivity of the
kiduers. Neither spurious imitation nor
underhand competition has rffected the sale b
of this genuine remedy.
H- (at it p. m.2-"I mnst be going."
She (in pain)"eWould it0isereover." 1
(rapturously])-"And are yon so sorry to see
m:pe'" h--"Oh, no. Would that you i
were gone."--Exchange.
The Tro aia tlv t oPInmeipl
Of the plants used in manufacturing the
pleasant remedy, Syrup of Figs has a per.
manentivheneficisl effect on the human sys- I
Lem, while the cheap vegetable extracts and
mineral solutions, usually sold as medicineeas
are permanentl injturious. Being well n
formed, you wil use the true remedy only.
Manufactured by California Fig Syrup Co,
wink since the day he sod his vote."
T'Thoroughly ashamed of himself, eh "
"'Yep; he's learned somehow that another
man got  more than he did."
"'Dora he know anything about .art"
"Not a thing. Why, he doesn't even kno' u
enough about it to lecture on it."--Wash
ington Star.
ALWAYS.
Ust your handkerchief nnobtrusive'y.
REPr on learning something to the
day of your death.
RIrs when ladies leave the room, and
stand till they are out.
CoVEn the mouth with hand or nap
kin when obliged to remove anything
from it.
REnxnra that" the patient bearing
and overooning of little trias, day by
day, is more heroio and causes more
growth of chaacter thnn some great
deed that the world admlroe.-Geod
liousekeeping.
A. 1nnIrWsI the government aupport
lug him or laboring for himself, give
the Indian his pic', and he'll neverteke
t, the shovel.--Phladelphia, Timea,
.CnaoTnzLorr FowLtn IV-gLs w5s t.t
first woman publisher. She ha been
in New York.___________
No urr. o -the Atlantic osan be
e .sieas team is somee ef it
. .d -spit its reai populat , of -
Its lArtgi cities, wealth and nventive
powerarappesrs astceptible of further
advanees. Of late agitation its dise
tiona afeetlag what may be termed its
lnternal economies haas been manifest,
aad good roads for the country die
trlets. electrie traction lines for coun
try and city alike, and improved pave
ments for cities have been discussed
on all aides by private eitizens and by
legislators. Ten years ago the steam
railroad, the growth of little more
than a generation, was pointed to with
interest as a cause which had revolu
tlonised the world. For in modern
times the transportation of freight
and of passengers is the most impor
tant business of humanity. The idea
of the steam railroad was the creation
of large units of transportation. Great
trains of cars bearing several hundred
passengers became the railway man
agers ideal.
The steam railroad seems to have
reached pretty nearly its limit, and
now a most formidable competitor for
local trailc has come upon the scene
in the electric r6ad. The five and six
car steam train is supplanted by a
nuipber of single trolley cars run at
frequent intervals.
These matters the capitalists have
in charga lint the improvetiment of
roads and streets affects the munici
palities. the county and state authori
ties, and very'directly the individual
For on roads and streets the horse
drawn vehicle and the bicycle travel,
and the latter, once a toy and now an
everyday vehicle, is a principal cause
of the new agitation. With good
roads all over the face of the country
and with proper city pavements a new
field of work for the inventor at once
is open. The horse is being more and
more relegated to the background.
The bicycle surpasses him in its
powers of transporting humanity. It
illustrates the immense reduction of
friction on journals by the use of ball
bearings. After ball bearings had
V settled this part of the- problem the
rolling friction difficulty was solved
by the pneumatic tire, and the bicycle. wi
in great measure a perfected type of fra
machine, is going into universal use. ris
t In France recently there has oc
curred a competition between road tir
c vehicles driven by power. From the wl
early days of this century repeated ef- in
forts have been made to produce a
I road engine. To the existence of this ,
e machine a good road surface isessen- of
tial. France is peculiarly adapted to th
its introduction on account of her lm
good roads. There the bicycle is in
r universal use, and the power-driven
e road wagon may become a part of the t
machinery of transportation, a
In the United States, with cobble- di
stone pavements, and with sandy and tr
muddy roads disgracing city and coun
try alike, much has to be done before
the work of producing a successful
traction engine or carriage can be ac- o
Scomplished. But the production of r
1. the bicycle has done much to facilitate
progress, and has solved so many of
:5 the mechanical problems of the perfect
ºt road vehicle, that it seems a pity that
a the power problem cannot also be s,
) solved. The motor is now what is m'
wanted. It must be light. The bicycle
of twenty-five pounds weight carries a tl
two hundred pound rider. The motor px
is carriage of the future must be light. ar
S With good roads all through the
" country traversed on bicycles by every.
one, and with power-driven vehicles in
for freight, in place of~horse and wag
or on, the life in the country districts el!
)y would be revolutionized. Daily deliv- dt
cry of the mail and of light express
,. matter would become practicable, and b:
ro the progress of the individual would m
a be favored. But until good roads come si
r this cannot be. The trolley road as an
'o. approach to the desired cheap traction
n, has proved welcome to the country
and suburban dwellers. The advent
1 of a practical power-driven vehicle
t. coupled with good roads would prove ni
m just as welcome and more in con- a
sonance with the vested rights of the
'$- community in such roads as they pos- a
sess; rights in which are now sur- y'
ne rendered to the electric road companies O1
with far too great readiness.-Scien
tific American.
of Fresh Water for Cows.
of Cows in milk will consume nearly hl
in fifty per cent. more water than the
i, same cows when not giving milk. The cl
s, New York experiment station at U
or Geneva found as an average of several
ie breeds that each cow drank 1,0390
pounds of water and consumed 547 b
,, pounds more in food per month. Dur
le ing lactation the average per month
ee was 1,600 pounds drank and 774.8
ou pounds consumed in food. The pounds p
of water conditmed for each pound of t
milk produced were as follows: Ayr
he shires, 4.26; Guernseys, 5.07; Holsteins, f
i- 4.4; Jerseys, 5.24; Shorthorns. 5;
Holderness, 8.95; Devons, 4.82; mnaking 1
an average of 4.68 pounds. The need
i- of an abundance of water is evident.
y* American Cultivator.
Safnilowers In the seo.
e." ome experiments have been made
Sby one of the Canadian experiment
e stations with sunfowers mixed in the
silo with corn and other fodder plants.
tl The heads only were used. The ex
Speriment was successful and quite sat
isfactory, showing that there is a place
for this plant as a feeding crop in our
ragricultunre. It is a substitute for the
oil meals and other fatty foods, having
l. twenty-five per cent. of an excellent
the oil, sweet, digestible, and devoid of
any objectionable quality. The prod
uad nct of an acre is from thirty to eighty,
or even more, bushels of thirty-three
p pounds. The leaves may be gathered
Ingas those of corn are for fodder, and
are acceptable and nutritious.
liamds That dLes to Poverty.
by The low-prioes of which the farmer
Soften comolains, and which he is in
Sthe habit of attributing to other
causes, are in -large part due to his in
ability to market his produce other
oi wise than during the great rush. in
nve whichb l are auuiousto sell, this being
-e because the roads which connect his
farm with the railroads are at other
times impassable for loaded wagons.
the Chicago Tribune.
R Keep Up the AsieatieS.
The knowledge of what is laost by the
-neglect ofour wuaonways is daily ex
te tending. and with itf is erta
oat. to on a m e ani-h esag de
- mat feo - action h ndairemoys
what is not merel a lahisridanee to
·f~~·
..o:3· ,· .
The Rise of Ri
Buckwheat Cake
The leaven of yestercday ruins caki to ay-.'
Don't spoil good buckwheat with dying-raisig -
batter A fresh cakes want Royal B akingPOWder "
Grandma used to raise to-day's buclwheats
with the souring left over of yesterday r Dear
old lady, she was up to the good old times. But
these are days of Royal Baking Powder-fresh
ness into freshness raises freshness.
And this is the way the buckwheat cake of
to-day is made : Two cups of Buckwheat, one
cup of wheat flour, two tablespoons" of Royal
Baking Powder, one half teaspoonful of salt,
all sifted well together. Mix with milk into a
thin batter and bake at once on a hot griddle.
Do not forget that no baking powder can be sub
stituted for the " Royal " in making pure,
sweet, delicious, wholesome food.
ROVAL BAKING POWDER CO., 108 WALL 8., NEWL-ORK.
DOINGS IN EUROPE.
TRADn between France and Algeria, is
which in 1830 amounted to 12,000,000 o
francs and in 1850 +o 74,000,000, had
risen to 448,000,000 L .nes in 1893. p
So~z of the London papers are get
ting ready to publish an early edition
which may reach all important places I
in the provinces in time for breakfast. n
Tux duke of Argyle is engaged to be
married again, according to the Realm, t
of which Lady Colin Campbell is editor, C
this time to a canon's daughter. His
late wife was the daughter of a bishop.
Ln a murder trial at Dusseldorf lately c
the jury, nfterbeing locked up, made its
way out through a window and went to
a beer saloon, where it agreed on a ver
dict. The result is an appeal for a new
trial.
AT the 100th performance of Wag
ner's "Meistersinger" at the Berlin
opera house, which occurred recently,
Herr Betz, the Hans Sachs, was the
only member left of the cast of the
opera when it was given for the first
time in 1870.
ADAs-"s Jack Rogers a talkative man '"
Helen-"I've been trying forl wo years to
make him speak."--l e.
"Want (o you think of bloomers?!" asked
the flirtatious woman. "Er-I btlieve I
prefer the buds," said the young man in
answer, and it was not long before he found
himself alone.-IndianapoUs Journal.
CAuKEa-"I don't see the sense of spend
ing in one day what it takes you a Whole
w-eek to earn." Giddiboy-"Well, I think
it's a good deal more unreasonable that I
should have to work a whole week for a
day's pleasure !"-Fort Worth Gazette.
tLpro--",Don't you think that Mrs. WVa.
bash was in rather an unseemly hurry to
I marry after getting her divorce!" Litkc
sic--"Goodnes, Ino! he waited until the
decree was brought to her by a messenger
boy."-Buffalo Courier.
PROMliNE'r ACTRESS-"It's no use talking.
I don't want to play out of New York, and
I won't." Manner--"I cannot advertise
you as a star unless you travel." Promi
nent Actress-"Can't you advertise ame as
a fixed star !"-Detroit Journal.
"You brought ail that beautiful china back
with you?" exclaimed the caller. "Didn't
you break anything?" "Nothing but the
customs laws," responded the smiling
youug lady, who had just returned from
lourope.-Chicago Tribune.
WEV went into a popular German beer gar
den, and my friend, who grows nielo
dramatic when he is mellow beckoned to a
sleepy-looking German water, and, with
~hakespearian voice and gesture ex
e claimed: "Landlord, come hither! Bring
t us two flagons of that amber juice whose
effervesccntfoam overflows the crystal rim.
Away!" The sleepy waiter stared an in
~tant, then, turning to me, he said: "You
7 baf de samel"--St. Paul Globe.
BooK canvassers should take conrags
from a story told by an English ]ecturer on
8 "The Artof Bookbinding." A manof their
s profession had called at a house whose oc
,f eupant met him with a growl. "It's no use
to me. I never read." "'But there'. your
family," said the canvasser. "Ha'en't any
R.family-nothing but a cat." "Well, you
5; may want something to throw at the cat."
g The bool was purcbaaed.-Woonsocket
d R. I.) Journal..
There's Work on Hand
H when you try to wash
without Pearline. Your
hands show the hard
work; your clothes
show the wear.
Pearline is harm
less to the hands or
fabric. It saves the
Rub, Rub, Rub that
wears ; it saves the work
- that tires. It is cheap, safe
and convenient. Get the best,
Jwhen you get something to wash
with. gp . has been but
k  Pearline,. is. theWs
' Spare Pearline
4 .- Spoil the Wash
Complete Fertilizers
for potatoes, fruits, and all vegetables require (to secire the
yield and best quality)
At Least .lo7 Actual Potash.,
Results 'f expe tW prove this conclusively. H ae,
why, is told in our pamphtes.
"IF Mapw~,~·:. F~: ~i .
NCo atora'r. however inconsiderable,
is confiod to the present moment. A man yc
is the happier for life from having made v
once an agreeable tour, or lived for any gi
length of time with pleasant people, or en
joyed any considerable interval of innooent
pleasure.-Sydnoy Smith.
"WVnr so glum?" asked his friend.
" Aren't you doing a roaring trade?"' "Yes, t
I am," admitted the basso, "'but it is all on
notes."-Cincinnati Tribune.
"I no not think Biuks was entirely to
blame, but there are some features of the
case which look dark for him." "What are
theyl" "Mrs. Binks'."-Life.
EvEN political silence is golden, but much
of the political talk is leaden.--Yonkers Ga
zetto.
From early chld
CZEMAhood untl was
.v n mn spent a fortone
trying tocure me
of this disease. I visited Hot Springs
and was treated by the best medical
men, but was not benefited. When
al! things badR failed I d
termined to try S.S.S.
and in four monthswas
entirely cured. therrbl eczema
was gone, not a sign of it left. My
general health built upp and I have
never had any return of the disease.
recommenr HILDHOOD
ed S.85. and I E
have never r
yet known a failure to cure.
E.O. W. ICWIN.I Irwin, Pa.
even when all other
remedies have. O.ir
treatiseonbloodand
skin diseases matied
a   free to any address.
One of ray ehldren had a
y bad dicluiOgt from the
r nose. Physicitans rscrlibd
without benefit. Iftcr using
Ely'd Creant D!n a short
Stime the dtsease to cterd.
O. A. Cagr, Corning, N. .
tCATA RRH
ELY'S CREAM BALDM
Opens and cleanses the Nasal Peassages. Allays ain
e nd litltanmaluoe H[eals the Sore. Protet.s the
gMesm ane from colds. ltestores the Sernss of Tatste
g and Sell. The Balm isqueiok yabsorbed nld gives
relief at once.
A psrtlclels appllod Into each mostrll and is agree
blo. l'rltecsfsents at Drgists or by mai.
ItY BRIOTItEtS. tb WVrren Street, New York.
bI t t r
FOR DURF
GENERAL L ACK IS NEQ LE
HAS AN ANNUALSALE OF ONS
r I W so ALSO MANa A Ti
r,!S ·~~~~f~,sf
MrsJiP-"I want to introduce you to1 a
oun lady-s rery nice rl-and she's
woout her weight n gold.'r Bob-"Stous
girl, I hopel'-Ptck
the only medicine for Cougs5.--XJ38U
PNCKALD, Springield, Ills., O ,  AwS.
"BUa what earthly use is it to dicsover
the lXorth Pole? I can't see." "IIt will save
future expediions."1a-mrpe r's Basare
The Greatest Medical Dilscovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENIIEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered In one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). He has nowin his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is alwaysexperienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it cause
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
Ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it wth
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change "f diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
McELREES'
WINE OF CARlDUI.
N
For Female Diseases.:
L WALTER BAKER & CO.
The Largest Manufacturerofr
PURE, HIGH GRADE
COCOAS AND CHOCOLATES
HIGHEST AWARID
Industrial and fool
SEXPOSITiON8
;h i Europe nd America.
iea other Chomle oya Dmwn re
COCOAr hsbreis
SOLD NY GROCERS UVgrnWiRtR.'
W- WALTkR S G00. DOCHEBTER, MASS.
)r
SSOL
tt
.I COLEMAN
At
MEMOa~l
~IF