THE GAZETTE.
.Skcrapftion Price, :,$I Per Year F
All styles of race-horse watches c
at Biossat's. s
Miss G: brielle Guchereanu re- s
turned Tuesday from a visit to r
friends and relatives at Cauenclo. l:
- e
Hebert Trahan went to Centre- n
ville this week. ti
Caterpillars are reported in some
parts of the parish.
There will be some fine races at 0
Breaux Bridge to-morrow.
Miss Anita Martin was a visitor n
in Carencro this week. g
All styles of spectacles and eye- r
glasses at Biossat's. h
Ice cold root beer (non-alcoholic)
on drau ht at the Moss Pharmacy.
Miss Anna Dubernard, of Scott, n
visited relatives in Lafayette this
week. S
L. Dupuis, or Breaux Bridge, h
passed through Lafayette Wednes
day on his way to Baton Rouge.
To-morrow the Pelican Brass o
Band will give a basket picnic in re
Girard's woods. All are invited.
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Davidson tl
have returned from their bridal ti
tour and are now at their beautiful
home in McComb's addition.
Mrs. Wm. Clegg left last Sunday f,
for Ratford, Va., where she will re- i,
main a month or two at the home c
of her brother. it
Dr. Wadlington who was so se
riously ill at Scott has about com
pletely recovered. His recovery is c
a source of pleasure to a great num
ber of people. F
Mr. \V. S. Torian and niece, Miss
Mattie, left this week for Goliad, c
Texas, where they will spend some -1
time.
Rev. A. Armstrong, the Method- S5
ist pastor at Franklin and formerly S
of this town, came over Wednesday "
to attend the Sunday school conven
tion.
White Sewing Machine sold on n
easy payments at Bliossat's jewelry a
store.
1Marcelin l.acouir, of Avoyells, '
has been on a visit to his son, L,. A. i
Lacour at Carencro. Mr. Lacour i
was the guest of 'Mr. J. C. Couvil- t'
lon. c
Pat Donner. foreman of the !
Algiers rounnd-hou:;e, was the gue. t
of Mr. J. Mitchell this week.
J. N. LRoussel, resident-student at
the Touro Infirmary, v;sited the
family of Mrs. A. Cornay Monday. t
Master l)an Church, of D)es Alle
niands, is visiting at the home of
his uncle, Sidney Bouchard. 11
Paul Bailey, the efficient drug t
clerk at Clegg's, went to New Or
leans this week on business.
D)rs. F. R. Martin and I)urio, the e
well-known physicians from Breaux 5
Bridge, were in Lafayette Wednes
day.
Miss Anna Gamard, who was the 2
guest of Miss YVlande Rigues, left
Tuesday for her-home in New Or
leans.
Misses Lilia Olivier and Anna t
Cormier of St. Martinville, and Miis s
Edvidge Olivier, were in Lafayette t
Tuesday.
Charles L. Voorhies was in Lafa
yette this week. He went to Huron
to repair the machinery of the large
refinery at that place.
Miss Lizzie FerrLn left Monday
for Washington after spending some
time with her relative, Miss Lorena
Marsh.
Mloss Bros. & Co. sell bicycles
for cash and on easy payments. If
interested ask for a handsome cata-t
logue, free.
C. C. Higginbotham, of tonso
rial fame, was in Lafayette the
other day on his way to Houston
where he intends going in business.
WVe heard a young man sing
something like this last MIonday:
"If we had never met, never parted,
I would'nt be broken-hearted."
Rev. de Stockhalper, the eloquent
and beloved Jesuit priest so well
known to the Catholics of Lafa
yett3, has been elected president of
the St. Charles College at t;randt
Coteau.
Misses Claire l,abbe anid Ieloise
Olivier, of St. Mlartin paris?, were
guests at the home of Mrs. Eraste
Miouton this week.
I)r. Iriou's I)ental Parlors, over
post office, are always open from
8:30 a. m. to x:30 p. m. and 3 to 5
p. m.
Puck, Judge, Texas Hiarpoon,
North American Review and other
periodicals on regular sale at i\Moss
Bros. & Co's. Subscriptions at puib
blisher's rates taken for any news
paper or publication in the \Vorld.
\\'ill C. Chevis, the gentleman
whose trencha;nt pen makcs tihe
]aton Rouge Advocate so intensely
interesting, was in Lafayet.e a few
hours Monday. MIr. Chevis con
tinued his journey to Rayne and
from that place went with Mrs.
1,'via to Ullton TRougme,
Mr. C. G. Strong, principal of the
public schools at Anderson, Cal.,
says: "I have used Chamberlain's ii
Pain Balm and have found it an ex- H
cellent remedy for lameness and b
slight wounds."
Laibeness usually results from a
sprain, or other injury, or from
rheumatism, for which Chamber
lain's Pain Balm is especially intend- "
ed and unequalled. It affords al- C
most immediate relief and in a short i
time effects a permanent cure.
For sale by all druggists.
Miss Lizzie Webb, daughter of F
our fellow-parishioner, Thos. F.
Webb, has arrived at her old home
in Lafayette after an absence of h
many years in Asiatic countries en- t
gaged in missionary work. She
will spend about a year with her i
relatives and will return to resume j
her most laudable work in behalf s
of humanity. a
The Gazette is requested to an
nounce that the Rev. Paul S.
Swicky, a missionary, will preach
sermons in French Saturday and
Sunday at the tent meetings being r
held near Duson. t
Last week after we had gone to
press we received the first number
of The Creole-American a paper
recently established in this town r
with Geo. M. Goolsby as publisher.
In its "bow" the paper announces
that it will be independent in poli- e
tics. c
The Gazette was pleased to re
ceive a visit Thursday morning s
from Rev. J. A. Griffes, Presbyter
ian pastor at Opelousas and also in a
charge of the church of that creed
in Lafayette. The reverend gentle
man is at all times very entertain
ing and his visit was much' appre- r
ciated.
Misses Pearl Hermanson and I
Florence Truman, two enterprising I
young ladies from Opelousas, came i,
to Lafayette last Saturday to sell a
copies of the woman's edition of
The Opelousas Courier and we are
pleased to state they succeeded in
selling a large number of papers.
Such charming "newsboys" will al
ways find Lafayette an excellent
field.
Messrs. Mouton Bros. have been i
moving this week into their new
and cc.mmodious store building on
Lincoln avenue facing the drugstore
of Trahan & Doucet. Messrs.
Mouton are receiving a large stock
ol goods;, and they will be better C
i;relareld than ever to supply their
town and country trade. The in
creased capacity of their place of
business has enabled them to put in t
compllete lines of drygoods, no
tions, groceries, etc. 1
Pocket knives at Biossat's.
"It is the best patent medicine in
the world" is what Mrs. E. M.
IHartman, of Marquam, Oregon,
says of Chamberlain's Colic, Chol
era and Diarrhoea Remedy. "What
leads rme to make this assertion is
the fact that dysentery in its
worst fortn was prevalant around
here last summer and it never took
over two or three doses of that rem
edy to affect a complete cure." For 1
sale by all druggists.
The Cradle.
Born to Mrs. Jno. I. Bell, Aug.
2, a girl.
Born to Mrs. C. A. Stewart,
Wednesday, AuW. 7, a boy.
Mr. E. Laberge, a young gentle
man who recently came to this
country from Canada, has moved
to Lafayette and is now connected
with the Advertiser. \Ve learn that
Mr. - laberge is also reading law
under the direction of Messrs. O.
C. & J. Mouton.
Secretary Bell of the B. M. A.
requested us to publish the follow
ing resolution:
I'.so/ved." That a committee of four nllem
lers. composed of Mr. WVm. Campbell, Dr.
T. T. HIopkins, T. A. McFadden and Chas.
O. Mouton, Ie and is hereby aplSinted to
confer with the police jury of the parish of
Lafayette, at its next regular meeting, rela
tive to exempting the property of the L.afa
yette Sugar Mtanufacturing Co. from taxa
tion.
Suntiuay School Convention.
The second annual convention of
the Lafayette Sunday School Asso
ciation was held in the Presboyterian
church last \VWednesday. Over one
hundred delegates were present, re
presenting the various Sunday
School Societies in this parish.
Prominent workers in the cause
were there and preached sermons
and read papers on the subject of
bible teaching. Among those who
f participated were Revs. Geo. Fra
Szer, T. F. Webb, \V. J. Barret, T.
S. Randle, J. A. Griffes, Mr. Fred.
\\ebb, Mrs. J. A. Griffes, Misses
Nannie Randlle and F. S. Greig.
T he following officers were elected
to serve for the ensuing year: lPre
sident, TIhomas P'. \Webb; secretary,
r R. C. (;reig; assistant secretary,
Miss l'ulah Clark; treasurer, MIrs.
5 One of the interesting featuires of
the convention was the entertaining
talk of Miss Lizzie \Vebb, who
* spoke on Sunday School work
samong the natives of Turkey, where
San xperience of 1o years as a mis
-sionary enabled her to give a vivid
description of the hardships of
missionaries in that country.
a The convention which vas pre
e sided over by Mr. C. A. Tiebaut.
y State organizer, was eminently suc
v cessful, th: replorts from the dif
ferent schools slowing increase ill
md nmbers:ip andi unflagging inter
. est in the cause of Sabbath instruc
tion of the bible.
Car.ncro News. es
Mr. Lemaire, of New Iberia, vas M
in Carencro for several days last s.
week, the guest of Mr. A. C. Guil- re
beau. Ml
Cotton picking has commenced.
The Carencro Union Ginning
Company, have placed a large Mh
water trough on the road in front
of their property, which is for the S`
use of the general public, and will o
no boubt be much appreciated. sv
Prof. L. Tappisier was compelled ~,
to resign as teacher of the Carencro at
Band, owing to ill health.
"Liberty" hits the nail on the
head, while paying his compliments le
to the prohibitionists.
Mr. G. H. Guilbeau has moved d
into his new store building, and has ii
just received a new and large as- re
sortment of goods, which will be i
added to his general stock. It is
Mr. Guilbeau's intention to keep a
thoroughly first class and "''up to a
date" store.
The success of the prohibition
movement, will result in the crea- w
tion of another law of the "dead
letter" type. i
The rain last Sunday interfered s
with several well planned picnics, e
making sad faces the order of the 1
day.
Mr. E. Perrault has fully recov
ered from a long and tedious spell a
of sickness. v
The brass band is progressing
steadily. is
Mrs. Scranton, of Royville, was ft
a visitor in Carencro this week, the it
guest of Mrs. C. C. Brown.
Miss Ophelia Broussard gave a
reception to a large number of
young boys and girls, an evening nv
last week in honor of her guests, F
Misses Mercedes Broussard and .
Lucie Judice. It goes without say- h
ing that those who were present had re
a most delightful time. c
Our farmers express themselves
as being perfectly satisfied with the
present condition of their crops. I
It is to be sincerely ho)ed that they tl
may realize living prices for their
p oducts, when harvest time arrives.
Mrs. Saul Broussard was a visitor
in Sunset last week. h
Dr. \V. WV. Lessley and Mr. Geo. r,
Melchior were in Scott last Satur- fý
day. vi
Miises An;ta and Sophie Martin ,
of Lafayette are spending several
days with Mrs. :Maurice l"rancez.
Mr. Maurice Francez and family
have removed to their cottage near
the depot.
John TF. Block, Jr., of New Or-'t
leans, is spending a few days with
relatives in Carencro.
The parish can well feel proud
of its P'olice Jury. Is is cont)osl c
of business men, public spiritedi and
careful of the people's interests.
There is scarcely another hotloy of
its kind, that has accomplished as'
much, with the limited means at its
comin mand.
The many friends of Mir. A. J.
Guilbeau will be pleased to learn of
his entire recovery from his recent }
illness.
Miss Lucy Bernard is with friends
in Broussardville.
Before the prohibitionists secure
one fifth the signatures of the total
voters of the parish, they are very
apt to be brought to a full realiza
tion of the hopelessness of their
cause.
Mr. and Mrs. Chachere, of Ope
lousas, were visitors in Carencro
Sunday last.
Miss Eloise Veazey, of New Ibe
ria, has bee'n spending several days
with Miss Eugenie Bernard.
Messrs. Walter and Abel Melan
con, and Amilcar Martin, of Breaux
Bridge, were entertained last Sun
day by the family of Dr. J. P.
Francez.
Misses Nidia and Alida Cambell,
of Lafayette, were in town this
week.
Ve had the pleasure, last Sun
day, of greeting our old friend Dr.
D. 'IT. Courtney.
Mr. Laberge has accepted a posi
tion with The Lafayette Advertiser.
Mr. Laberge has many admirers
and friends in Carencro, who wish
him every success in his new home.
MIrs. R. Tanner, of Iafayette,
returned home last Monday, after
spending several days here with her
brother, MIr. Edim. Villere.
· r. Sam P. Brown informs us
- that it is a long road between Car
encro and Royville-and he cer
tainly knows whereof hlie speaks.
W Ve regret to learn that Mr Clif
ford Estilette has been quite sick.
At Royville.
Caterpillars have made an applearaiince
and are dcvastatiiig cotton at a rapid rate.
This i very unfortunate at this seasonl of
the year, w-hen cottonll is so stnmall and ten
tier and only forniing its holls. The only
f remedy is for farmers to treat the littli
mnonsters to copious tdraulghts of Paris (;Green.
SOnily a little cora.e aniid determination and i
andl wiill yet be well.
Albert L-anlry, il'gar Gii.lry anlil N.
-lenoit will speii: the hot o.>ntlh of August
S, around C';lenterc-a-la-Crois.
- That ecfiiient omfcer, Eastache Cnomeanus,
from the 7th ward, was in. town Snaturdlay.
Eustachc is a candinate for re-election, Ind
-we w:,ulI like to knaow the reason why he'll
, not succeed himself.
SL.anlen L.ewis a colored farmer living neari
R yvville, has a calf b,)rnl with live feet.
| elm.s to bie totally ihdilterent as to its ahlii
tial lhe. The calf can ie seen at anyv time
- by callitig at Lewis' farm.
est daughters, is visiting friends in Lafayette'. he
Lost Fridry between Bayou Tortue and ha
Mr.Jos Girouard's plantation, a pearl handle 'n
S. and W. revolver, 38 caliber. A suitable
reward will be paid if returned to either reC
J. It. Domengeaux, of Royville. hi
Born to Mrs. Alphonse Broussard, a girl.
The city council met in regular session, co
Monday Aug. 5. an
The ball at Mir. Dezire Langlinais' Hall
Saturday night was largely attended. Two
of Royville's best known dudes who "diked"
out in patent leather slippers. white vests.
swallow tail coats, etc., were forced to wade
knee deep in mud and water so as to get back
home. Some joker simply had a little fun fo
at our'friends' expense by cutting the lines.
We would suggest, Mcintosh and tubbers or
next time, friends. I
Thanks to Rodolph Roy for the grosbeck
left at our "shop" Monday evening. M
Prof. Alcibiades Broussard returned Fri- we
day from Ruston, La., where he was an ac- li
tive member of the Chautauqua. lie is de- th
lighted with his visit and says he does not tr:
remembler ever having received kinder treat- be
ment. lie intends returning next year. I c
It is rumored that several well-known se
physicians will be candidates for coroner. Pr
Verily, the political p-ut will foant "way up" f
after the lire is started.
Suppose lion. Julian Mitt on is a can-ii- li
date for district judge whoi wsill Ie tie nesxt V
representative? Ile may be fromt the 7th i1
ward? Who knows? ti
WVhile in Lafayette t'other day gathering -:
in our forces, we caught a glimupse of our
friend, Andre Martin, talking politics to li
some of our followers. Andre is vet a clev- ,l
er and able politician, but old man we'!l :
make it spicy and hot for you this fall. i
This is a friendly retnmak, Andre, and al- l,
though we mean it, take no offense. b.
WVith lions. L. L. Ilourges. M. T. Gorly, sc
and Wmin. Campbell in the field for district o,
attorney, the race will be quite exciting.,
We do not know positively whether these st
gentlemen will be candidates or not, we are t!
simply reproducing what "Dame Rumor" c
Is saying.
We have heard quite a number of voters ju
from both parishes express themselves andt c
it seems as if "Our Willie" will be right st
"'thar" in the stretch for home. ti
CHEROILeE. ti
pl
One night when Mr. Isaac Reese a,
was stopping with me, says M. F. ze
Hatch, a prominent merchant of t'
Quartermaster, Washington, I heard ri
him graoning. On going to his
room I found him suffering from
cramp colic. He was in such an p
agony I feared he would die. I hast
ily gave him a dose of Chamber
lain's Colic, Cholera and Diarrhoea
Remedy. He was soon relieved anti d
the first words he uttered were,
"what was that stuff you gave me?" a
I informed him. A few days ago s
we were talking about his attack and ii
he said he was never without that a
remedy now. I have used it in my
family for several years. I know its i
worth and do not hesitate to recom
mend it to my friends and customers. t
For sale by all druggists. 1
t
I. O. Flower has a stirring pape.r in the
XAtugist Arena call:l ' 'lThe August l'resent." S
ile deail in a vi :w ,of h,,ifulntecss and cn- 1
Sthu-isiasntsti with th" p'.sent and the future
i which sto many tn I sI ! glnoomy for civiliza- r
tion atl finds in reli i.n atll science, the
u tnrest in society, in tie new i t'ln -ic;e to the
stuily f econ- inIi.s, and in the intrderrn in
of . gr hter r. nai.lnec ofl h Iuman thoiughlt
t'i "1 i'."" " " of Pericles or the Rl efirmnatini
: . : s:n i " :f the lifteent h century.
A :,-w a:.1 prfan.,l spirit of the identity of I
h 0 , i i, ii is i l ,.1i toi th.i intellectual activity
tth .. ;is.i: ished other great era;.
.n 1 \t , the result of notlern s._iem tific in
-,-iihti -n into the phenomena of nature.
Tlhe soirbi can nii, ie ietter, if men will
only hoil, fast to knowledge and not let I
theselves retrogralde through passion.
gree. and prejudice anIw the brute instincts.
It is a striking review of the forces in mod
ern life that lead us to take hopeful views.
ELxecutive Cormnmitte. t
IAFAYFTTE, LA., Aug. 3, 1895.
We, the undersigned members of
the Democratic Executive Bimetal- t
lic committee met this day, but for
lack of a quorum did no business,
thet efore wewe would respectfully re
quest the following gentlemen to
meet us at the court-house in Lafa
yettc on Saturday, Aug. 17, at x1
a. in. Simeon Begnatd, Dr. A. O. 1
Clark, Aurelien Olivier, Homer
Durio, Simeon Cormier, Alexani !re
Delhomme and Onezime Breautx.
ORTHI.:R C. .Motvrox,
-io A. C. V\:Rtcr o,i
R. O. Yoi)uxcG,
- J.A. I.AttiE:.
A SWEET ECHO.
An echoii is the sinooth resonaniice whic
ns rmurs back softly to tlie heart, coinsolig
us in tihe midslt of sorrow. Echo as we all
knowv front Mlythoiligy is said to hai benll
a beattifnl nymph, althoug's very Itqua
clous. She was so far tieprived of speech
by Juno as a punishluent for having oft, ,le.I
this goldess by her talkativeness, that she
coulil only repleat the last word uttered.
She was at last changed into a rock, anI
s her miysterious voice is still heard in sulitary
places utteritng the last wordl spiken, from
henice the word echo i4- Idcriveld.
\Vlhercver we are in life, there is an ccl
that is reipeated within thile heart like a ril-i
liant snnatll unponi a silvery strealm. .
pCertect eclho says the loct is sweetest as it
dies away, but there is a svweet echo which
will never die--iIs reverberations ever linger
in ithle heart. Elcho 'lcpeat it s-ftly nau I
llhat lear word is '-"lme." T'hat ech-l
follows us every'vhre;c it Iresiounl:, withiml the
heart of tihe sell,,l gi:l as well as of the
sil ter; all their fears and anxietice are dis
Ipell d byi the ,!'a-antt c:alence in tile heart,
.'\\'hel le-.r oa life - tIh:tt =,:full stica;: n
H akes btit one cctho, "-l·lor. i.
tLet us then conisiher th1e student whosi
Snind is occupied with! the beauty of ilifer
cot sciences. Succe-; isi her:s: shie hIts sviin
the altec tion of her tilitpiiniiis, tit ai ppto
" llhatlon of her teachers, yet the thouyht of
" ihollme hais ia charliing iiitntuttce over elcr,
' then., as thiouih tr.liiil or-tel Iiv a toinst cheer
i ful dream, shle fiirgets all excespt thie echo of
that loved si,"t.
4, Thi echo iis iiIls al-oit in the heart uf
r. warridi wlshi l'ie" iiushics i oit tile baltite
it lichld, sees ileat I' tain'i g ilemil, aii i thitiks
of his native hai ,I of luis hisotn, this gentle
thtinight reaillhiles his coturs ge an I n,.mkes
" him ready f >r th ,iiiiait
l'c .,, this lhvcl. g,,liless, , not oily has
S shie siiiken tu tl s tuileit ani.- still.icr, list
hiss alsi lieni he-rdl in tile hi'aris of others.
See sap, ileitt for itst't-n'e vi-ien llisnishied to
S t. Iel-n-i, oi whs it di I lie think il ii . s.li
t tary .:eaiic a . li i l? Vas it ,,f his natural
T !:Lsc' thoug-iti- io y hiVi:\e lillgereil iI his
t nilt, htt -there- i-.u( le whicht silenced all
the others, it was that of hlite'. tf the lieant
he had departed, of his son, of those he 1
had left, and the sweet echo which resounds
in his soul, calms his grief.
There is also an echo which will gently
resound in our hearts. It is the voice of
solid principles, of love, and faith, which
have been taught to us in the institutions of
learning.
If we are faithful to its voice, we will sail
courageously over the stormy sea of llfe,
and thus arrive safely at a blissful eternity.
G. A. F.
Road to I3rcaux B-i-ige.
Our public-spirited neighbor, the
Valley of the Tec!:e, contai. ts the
following well-considered editoria;
on the much-talked of road to
Bireaux Bridge:
As we have announced ihn our last it-i.'
Mr. J. O. Bourdier has already begnn the
work on the road leading from 'reaux
lBridge to Lafayette. This road is one of
the worst kinds in rainy weather, an l the
tra-lic hb.tween lafayott_ an I our town has
bioen greatly rcduceN l on ace.vint of its had
condition. It is very gratify in, for us to
see the parish of St. Mlartin aheal of the
parish of Lafayett. e in ti-; rep- ~t, hut La
fayette has a bIinesi s ollen association , an I
if these gentie:n:ln take ti:e matter in han.!.
it is almtost a ctrtiain fact, tha the rt.-1 w'i
he contintued ol the I .unyette side ,of I.ivt.io
Vermilion. 1\V;t tt thi. omt , reeds i, ',i.
roIads, and roads built w-11 enou,!h to stand
the wear and tear of contintuous co!:lnltuoi,
cation.
-Nobody is more interested in it than the
liverymen of l.fayette ant we have no
doubt that an appeal mnade to them woutl,
be promptly r to. T arspond . They are sen li
inn every day their buggies to BIreaux
liri.lge, and will be the first ones to reap the
benefits of this inlproverent. Even if only
self-love, they ought to complete the road
on the side of the bayou, for the difference
between one side and the other would Ie too
striking. and the traveling pubiic would find
the road far worse if allowed to mtake the
comparison between the two pieces of road.
Nevertheless, as we have a tendency to
judge the civilization of a country by the
condition of the public roads, and we have -
suffered too much here in the past, not le A
toot glal'to commend in this matter the ac
tion of the Police Jury iii nu.Iking an appro
priation almost sufficient to noake the roadl,
and to congratulate the few, very few, citi
zens of our town who hav2 co,rtriutet-l by
their generosity to the c.:n !- ition of the
funds necessary to have the work satisfacto
rily and thoroughly dotne.
Watches, Clocks and Jewelry re
paired by Biossat. Always givce
satisfaction. (
If a tnere clerical oflicer in ont e tr: it
departments at \Vashingt, n is thu- practical
ly permittedI in one instance to, nullify ia C
act of congress and to set at tdliiancte the
authority of the P'resident of the U'nict
States and the Secretary of the depiartlenit
in which hlie serves, what is there t,, prev,,t
I any o!ther clerk in the sanri departn-ient from
setting asile other acts ,f cI iingre--:, anti thus
planging the whole country into uncnding
confusion?--Ilaton R,'ige Advolcate.
The editor of the Adviocate is
too well acquainted with practical
politics not to know that if Consti- I
tution Bowler was not carrying out
the wishes of the president and the
sec:ctary of the treasury hx e \iwoult
have been beheadc:l. in the first
I round. The Louisiana planter
must not expect anythiing fromn the
present federal adininistration-not
even simple justice.
Cal HIicks is fighting Senator
fBlanchard to a finish. Between the
leardlcss editor and the bewiskeretd
statesman the fight promises to be
interesting, though we believe ti c
t latter is a bigger nman.
William Hosea Ballout, the presi
dent of the American Hlunane So
ciety, has written to Secretary of
the Treasury Carlisle that he will be
subject to inpeachment if the ani
trials to be used in the proposed bull
r fights at the Atlanta Expo:ition are
admitted into this country. If lal
lou's sympathy for Mixican bull,;
- were extended to the down-trodden
poor of American cities he would
receive the earnest support anti
r earn the esteem of the people ins
e tead of making a fool of himself.
Owing to the shameful fact that
criminal trials in the United States
have become to be such rid iculous
Itrocoeedings and in matny cases
complete failitres, it is hopel thiiat
te a:-:- ttt:rdml er IIlnes will lie
-sent t, Canada to stand trial. T'
I atnitissin Iby the ipei'lle of this
Colnlitlt' tihait titis molntster canl nt[
It te co..-ictei an,1 ha1 g tird without
. lno. le.1 tntnt of the incot'pct.ecy
. of olrl I c rt'.
For Sale.
A on l,;-oitt Vernilion, ab',,:t 6 tnile:
itin rear oif L.afaettet, I a., itw un
c rr lease to Ad. V't Ka ck:st-cit,
Cr until l)eceimber 3t, ta93. C'i
,. tains about 2000 a-cres superior
te art)le lmani, li.ne residencc anti new
l. iarn, al.io git h:.,use with in:z-;in
t, cry, cabirs, outhotatses, ' .tC , atlt
s,-mne fine witod lntil: wel adaptled
to t ie ciulttme of sltir, ruthti r
ritc,; l1os1tession .atualiVt t :it, 18,.;
1lor fttrther particula's a: p!y t
e Jlutli-e (. l)elaillon, l: afa, t te. I...
on or tlt Messrs. \V. I. lHod-.' ,o 8 .
- New ()leans, l.a.
( Atftuntion VCt.ran,!
V. will meet ,.t t.ie c -, tt-io et " . i ,.ai y-t
if tnlSattirilh , Aug. i7. it tl I, L .
Ie A fail attnt lan e oiif mat ber; i- r i: ",
uat nf enaOleon, i, pi pular styh', ,' ".x: l
rs. e-ilv lea-t.l is pint .h of m t c it no\ I
to tire't. It tirst apO --2ar., sea-ty in ,!
ti- h 'ut ',"s Att (i .in. , and is c oi it :i' lish I 1 ii .
-? ith 2 o ill :s.atih n .ts. Ti h-t.!, is h. " -
usi an etOn-tets s tle at St. p.'  .o em ca" ty,. it. I
tCl 1.1_ l)INlON (New Virk City) is actually
ut- giving aita this line vi' um ,i o n,\ -t i n
'--i-:,-- ' \)tiu' t i, ~ icr.:
THERE :8 A STORE
ONTHESOUT
COR. COURT-i ,
SQUARE;
. here Pure Drug:-, P 'tet Mdicincs, Toilet Articles;
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of Wines
and Liqulors for r.ehicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonab!e prices
Also a few fine (;rocerels are to be had and some
H-Iariwarte.
If You Nc-d
6 .IY-iI N O
A :u.:.,
--A hbr.
--A pair of shoCes
- --Underwear,
C1 l-Neckwear
Ca on LEON PLONSKY.
A. J. 1MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON
MOSS & MOUTON
At WHOLESALE and RETaIL
OFF I C A N D A R D N IE: A R RAI- l. ROAD D E P O
LAFAYETTE", LOUISIANA.
Cylpress and Pie Iumber, Rough and D1)ressed, Shingles, Doors, Sass
1 0
lBlinds, M1oulblin ,s, Etc.
STen, . 3 o. oo, Ten, 0o.oo, Ten, 0.00.
S AToT-T
j 11The IENxcncy f al I':Nntof this t'rr's ial
sipt.hlr i- to :tt 'l-N,1 t",'he attractions inn r:r:.tc.l to [-ý
I I:,WncIt thor to any ex<l.t. t VeC tlher ,rt .-re ex- 6:
l a corlial iinvittatin to all inri ::ling to
d n k cithEr a small or tXTENsive urc.hase of
ol.i1 thi g .o: Tprin` to give
,vat.,, lie ' ' E N or- se.:s, n.. .y [
t i l a v e 1'c.lo o sio o u r . t , , r c .
, ot shjI:t .I nt he c,1trr1tcl until V-1 have o
C \a1,n , t : c ,lrlr' ;ts of o ' r st ,re tnti learns
. the ,rrat vat,es Ih!i olere.i for 10.00. 0 ew .
suits .that w 'uld. c , , value at S: .. o to
S 1 3.oo, all await "rl.:xnts and owneCrs of the
, ip ,-rty for the small altIount of $Sio.oo.
In Cents Furnishing a!so vwe hondle,
o- Shirts, Underwear, Hats, Shoes. etc.
L LEVY & SON. ,
is ,L.a'.e's 1l  I-or cr ;S) an , next to Olivier I iotel.
SLiquors, Wines and Tobaccoe ,
Staple and Fancy Groceries
t -. ""
Il .a r ,. S ta l C .Itte . C orn o i t'- ,.n . .:n t 'r. , S u lk y P lo w s,
T'urxib -: , t ,:. l ;:k -, I-r, d _ t ..
C.toncr of .lcfcrs1. an, crl it lio n ,trects. LM1AYETTE. LA.
"lIe Up. to late N']ercp.ut
r - c r ce s i s
L - ,!_.i . :_0ors
S, U,
SFan, d v 0 0
" 0
Goods ":