...-,.'  ..",-":. -
..... •.
.~; .· .iY: .* ... . ....a.....
 .  '.:;, .- ,- - . L A F A Y E T T E , LA ., SA T R D A Y , FE BR U A R Y 8, 1896. -N . . --M.....R ;
•  , me m. .. . ..,'  
Merchabi'se.
Quality of 0oo00.
C.. A. VOORHIES,
ADDRESS; a
Dertisy and Esplasade Sta.. New-Orkeas, la 1
=Represnts -.-L
WM, EE- C ,
WHOLESALE
73 sand 7s Lucas Avepnue, c
ST. LOUIS, MO.
.W. BERNARD,
Barber Shop,
Doumengeaux Building.
S Near BSeuthern Pacific Depot.
CHAS. D. CAFFERY,
Attorney at Law
and.Notary Public
OfiIce e Madises St.. LAFAYEITEh LA.
.( C. .& J. MOUTON,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
AND g
FEED Stale
Lincoln -Avenue.
Two Blocks From Depot.
"=11 e-lass rigs at reasonable priese
Caet drivers furnished when required 1
" LA WAETT. LA. -
jan 1T.
C. DEBAILLON,
I.A.TV 'PY ER.
Will practice in Lafayette. St. Mary
and Vermsillion Parishes, and the As
rspe and Federal Courts at Opelnesas
lad Ntew Orleans.
E.APA]BTTR. LA.*
RAILROAD BARBElR SuHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
"THE "OLD IRELIABLE."
JOHN VANtDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
-MT. CARMEL C01VEIT
- LAFAYETTB, LA. •
The system of education IpeldI@es the
Tench and Ehglish languages, Musie
ad all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the boaltb
pand com rrt of those placed under tht
iare of the Sisters.
hor ternia apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WH"ELRIGHT a SUPPILYT SHOP.
... fear Rts R Snaltdla.
FLED ROUTON, Proprietor.
SLoweat prices, consistent with workh
idone. All work promptly attended e.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
. I" C. -S, ALLES,
DNTI S T.
"-"Rt-e on. Buchanan Streqet,
- AFAYETTE, - - - L
'' 0. .OORHIES.
ATTORNEY AT LAW ANI.
- " Laayets, LI.
S.ratitiode is the State 99 years,
ad Is| Yityetto Parlsh 11 years, calls
attention to his new and successful treal
._e Ibt te respiratory organs. Medi
iillnhalatioln ooAmbined with consti
oaa.l treatment affording a cPre t
- bf tlon, In he irsat Ind ecoaI d
per~ed itby follqe.w exactly the treabl
menat nd reloef in the third perlo t
0. P. GUILBEAU.
Notary Public
i ,e'. f the Peace
-Na. tntion Iw -e t.
Z1wIt 5sbsteat notes as
1.1.;: ~iSA L S,
ON STEALING BICYCLES. hi
it LWkM iMAMs -
tEIITAIN ei w s
agencny has 1ele- at
report that I am in
Switzerland, . not la
for the benefit of R
any health, but for al
Sthepurposeof steal ti
Sing_ bllycles; and ri
, ddeid41attiwisan t
expert thief, that, I
. .for a time at least, a]
t had Macceedhl in t
praiseworthy -'a f- pi
. letnpta of the. police of two tohvhns to tl
taptatre tie.
Whtli this statement is naturally flat- 1
trintg to me, it is nevertheless a libel, tl
andl, in fact, if I cared to tse Ptf-tiig
S.langaag-~ I rnight g# it§ far as to take h
the last tyllable away from the word o
tlibe:fL t
The whore trotible arote thrciugh ii
SwitWe~land not heiini &t pjl61i r lan
gtI tte itb dwn, that hilly botbttry pre
ftting to ekpress what few thoughts
Sit has. in a mixture of French, German c'
and Italian, depending on what partica- 1
lar -canton yet~l hppfein to be in. They ii
Say that the Swiss are natural lii- s"
guists. Unfortunately they mitti Ah'
combination of sounds you mity inike,
means something to any Swiss to whom
Syous happen to be tialkinhg, for he khMOws
so many langages that yoti aide sure to r
hit one of them, and so you convey ideas s
to him that you had no thought of ex
pressing. C
October weather is lovely in Switzer- v
I land. Most of the visitors have then u
gone, prices come down oheshelf, hihd
the air is sweet and cool, with tustially
-a cloudless sky. s
Under these circtumstances I thought t
it would be a nice thing, as the roads
were good and the scenery picturesque,
to take a bicycle tout right around
Lake Thun, beginning at the town
which gives the lake its tname, hand go
ing arotnttd to the north side of thelake
to Ihterlaken, and returning by the
south shore.
" The hotel keeper told tne that if I
went up the street, turned to the right,
Swent under an arcade until I came to a
tunnel, penetrated that and emerged
on another street, turned to the left
and kept on, I would come to the shop
c f a man who would let me have a bicycle
on hire by the day or the hour. I fol
I lowed the directions as closely as pos
sible, and thought I recognized the shop
beoause.a bicycle was leaning against
the wall. The owner was leaning
against the doorway, looking at the
bicycle outside. The following conver
sation in many languages took place I
between us: 1
"Haben sie un bicyclette "a louer?" I
opened out on him with the above im. I
partial mixture of German and French. t
It seems he understood me to ask if
r that was his bicycle, whereupon he
a replied in four languages: 1
"'Yaw, yaw, oui, yes, se."
Then, throwing in a bit of Italian, I led 1
"off withf :
"Quanta costa la machine a la boor,
oder per tag?" 1
Now I submit that to any educated 1
3 person, or even to a university man, a
this sentence said as plainly as print:
"Hlow much do you want for this ma
chine by the hour or the day ?" I tried
afterwards to get the magistrate to see
this, but he, not knowing Italian, shied
at the very beginning of the phrase.
The owner of the bicycle on oath de
clares that he thought I asked how
much the bicycle had cost him. iHe
t says he answered that he paid 500 francs 1
e for that brute of a machine, made in
7 France, while I understood him to agree
to let me have it for five france a day,
whichwascheap. I was in a hurry to be
off, and was afraid he might repent his
offer, so I said it was all right and I
would take it, whereupon, without
further parley, I wheeled the bicycle
into the middle of the road, sprang on
its back, and was off, leaving the aston
ished man standing by the door, toe
thunderstruck, it seems, to make any
' trAw, Aw, ouI, YeS, s&1E."
Soutcry until I had passed beyond his
j. sight at the first turning in the road.
t I pedaled serenely on, little realizing
I what a commotion I had left behind me,
n4 and Ihe one' funny thing about this
most regretable episode is that I spent
an exceedingly quiet4 peaceful and 'en
joyable day, not knowing I was put
sued, making no attempt to elude any
body, and yet eluding them in what
appea-ed afterwards to be by subtle
Sand rafsty dodges. The magistrate
cotild not be persuaded that my sitting
on thewveranda of a restaurant in the
mhaau htr~et 'of InterlakeM, with the bi
cycle in plasin iew of everybody, was
Ent the brwain sct of a hardened earim
Sin, .who knew the polios would be
•seihig fo/ him in the back streets.
WTind the man stnding against the
', bc recovered partly frogkhis
istee -sudden-f ight Effihis
- iersl.hed to the pollee -staio i
St,,i-io isi tbete a plii-I
'his mind was distracted in trying to
follow his remarks, had seized the op- n
portunity and also the machine and was
at that menent making his way by the
horti rioad taiviii1d fUtte rlQkaM ý *
Novi; capture indel these 4iiieti- s*
itahces seemed to be eiliciousnal esy. di
TlIht4h sere tad hrkinching off - rhad. mn
TPhe mountains were i uild tiitle t i +i4 k 4
lake on the other, on neither of which
was bicyclhng practicable. Therefore y
all the two policemen had to do, when t,
they mounted their machines, was to la
ride faster than I did and so overtake di
Cio: _- i hiil rid itiett t qt{ii at i a wta b
I plugge4 along d. ia lei1iireiy 1i tinhet
and -ivuld undoubtedly have beett li
takeni heir literlikeith if it had not beteii
Si; thie fa t thait ihane years ago di Qbm
pany built a fitnicular rt~iitiif 1i84 o
the inargin of the lake, a mile or so up ai
to St. Beatenburg. I had lived in t..T
Beatenburg once, ahd I remembered
that the rmad from there to Interlaken re
Wiit, a& fddu Itbi; 1i$ i tifitiiht that per
hips it woild not bea bad pljai tg8 "g *i
on the tailway and Doast down tf Iii
terlaketi. .I knew a inan Wvho had doni
it once: canu well believe tOwiv that ii b
bilk evie tries it the geeCfifd line, W'b 1
car goes lip to §t. .beattehbtirg three Si h
four times a day only, but when a
couple of miles away from the landing e
1 saw a steamer coming in and I knew
if I reached the landing about the time
she aid I would get a car.
tIc ,blicefemeti, ieseltKe1; ihtig'lit iI a
of the iis i was making iny spurt; aium,
they at once put oh extria steani, biit
theire is a deep ba juiist before d.ir8
reacheis the fthicu itd asiti they iebI.
sight of me as I turned the point.
just managed to catch the car and got
on board somewhat short of wind, As
we went up I noticed an innocent and e
unfortunate Englishman standing on
the toad at the ftoot of the hill vith iai sa
bicycle beside him, and he was waitch, a
ing us go up; taking a rest at the haitine
time before mounting the stOe4p hill
THEY" ARRESTED IIIM ON Sta cliAnob OP
BT-ALItG nis OW BICYCLE.
Sthat rose between him and his destina
tion. I had little idea at the time that
I I was making trouble for that un
known stranger, and I hope he will nc
cept my apologies if this recital should
I chance to meet his eye.
e The policeman overtook him near the
top of the hill, and, with the cra.ft that
distinguishes all continental officials,
I they said nothing, but followed him un
til he reached Interlaken, where, in
spite of his protestations, they arrested
hint on the charge of stealing his own
I bike. The man was justly indignant,
, and showed them his customs receipt
from the French government, and it
was no use; they knew they had the
I right man, and they telephoned to Thun
e for the owner of the machine to come to
l Interlaken on the next steamer and
identify his property. This took a few
hours, and when they let the poor man
v go, he was exceedingly hungry and
e angry, swearing he was going to bring
5 an action against the Swiss authorities,
ra ae if that would do any good.
e ' eanwhile, I had reached the top of
, the railway funicular and I bicycled the
c mile or more along the street, high up
a above the lake, on one side.of which is
I scattered the village of St. Bentenburg,
it with its wonderful view of the snow
e mountains--the Jungfrau, the Eiger,
a the Monch and a host of others.
- I found the ride down the zig--ag road
a not such fun as I had expected. I saw
Y the brake was not going to last if I kept
on, so I had to walk most of the way
down. Coming to a more level ground,
I cycled gently into Interlaken, making
for the place where they sell Munich
beer, and there, over a mug and a sand
wich, on the main street, I made a fru
gal lunch with the bicycle standing
against a pillar of the veranda.
After a smoke, I proceeded out of
Interlaken, and took the south -oad that
borders the lake. This road is not so
good for cycling as the other, being
much more hilly, while the roadbed is
more stony. 1 therefore walked a good
deal, taking it very leisurely, and in
course of time I was overtaken by a
policeman who also was .wvalking with
his machine. Hle asked me 5t I had met
a man on a bicycle coming from Thun,
and I told him quite truly that I had not.
He seemed discouraged, and told me all
about the bicycle theft and the arrest
of the wrorig man. He feared the thief
had hidden in the forest until he and his
is conmrade went past, and then perhaps
took the steamer across the lake; or
the villain might merely have pretended
to take the north road, while in reality
is he went by the south. Thus thelolice
at man hoped to meet him yet. I prom
t. sed to keep a lookout, and the officer
y went on.
When. I reached Thun, and came to
at the place where I got the bicycle, I
I found the man was in Interlaken, and
to his wife, who knew all about the rob
4 Iery, was amazed to see the thief re
h turn the machine and place fia frana
g- and his thanks on the counter.
s -I regret to say that the apparenthon
a- eaty of this action did not commend
be Itelf. to the authorities. They looked
on it as the ruse of a crafty scoonudrel
le who realised that, so vigilant were the
is poliee, it was impossible for him to es
s i cape, and bto endeavored to throw dust
s[ I i the ey~a of the wise men of the place.
i-I Thus the hbicycle at Ove francs a day
nt so cheap? auI lad at flrts up
Wit -gii tbu APACH3ES.
mature seema to !Dv ' e izm Whant *Mho is
Should Beco e oewersment saooat.
The Apache reservation, in the east
"fn part of Arizona contains the first m
sudai'id sheiihng of disciplined l- co
diana ieipidyfd aHa 6 *iy if fighting th
men ,by the uhited.a.~i gdifcerbitnint,
the White M1nrfittitt Apache sc6ti l. f
The liiitkld ! ittel Weas Fullea fifi th,
requisition the services Clf doing -
trained Indians, who have within i t
last fve years proved invaluable in sub- of
duing uprisings in different Indian res
eivatidng. At various times the govern
meht has rinpil edi ainial Indian po- h
lice, and ihdivfifditil Indians have aeftrid t
in the army ofi. iffplhttihti dAtiiii as
duty; but the utilization of a g~d r piert
of i ia*iisie tribe; trained to mnderi ~c
arms arfd tactics, s1 0- eoriparatively St
modern. departure,. Aside tfrdo 4fie di
Apaches, the only other instance on is
record is that of the two companies of la
iot,x Indians attached to the United
States ihiiny pt *t walt Lake City. tli
Utah .
The Apaciies aird 'ie of the naost bar. ,
barmos and *arlikei ifidikt ftiib ih at
hNort AineiIbst, nid uintil iecentiy ei
have not beeh fniihitble td the infiu- i6
ence of civilization.- They ai-k telated
to the great Shoshone, or Pacific coast ,4
Indians, a branch whose treachery and di
cruelty are traditionally famous qi
among all western Indians. The al
Apace'Ci5 hit La t tPesent divided into the ,
White ibtiiitaiii Apl)iit a~ifd the liMes- as
calerid; The latfet tribe; tow headed
by the treacherbias old Salt JitBi1; W*fl
formerly a baind df desperaddie, led ry au
the well-known Geronhin8 and the 4
Apache "Kid." The Apaches are natiii-'- b
illy a vicious people, and, while they in
are capable of receiving a moderate de- tl
gree of education, are totally unfit a
aftetvAtd fo tan other pursuit than in
virahtaa ihg dtCe tht alitii5 iii armied of
bands. Eveh tindei a thoiogih fnill- a]
tary education they are itnable td lJkgt
Ether than in their own methods of
warfare. They learn the manual of
arms and field manoeuvres without any d
diflietity, and are drilled to fire by A
platoons, but wiheh it comes td etual ti
fighting they can operate td better ald- a
vantab e if left to their own devices atd h
inherent tricketY. h
Their usual dress is a natit- tr Uteh a
cotton cloth shirt and turban to match,
close-fitting pants and buckskin boots. a
In fighting trim they discard- every- v
thing but the turban, boots, and a loin C
Cloths Tahtis Coituiitted and equipped. h
with a repeating rifle and a cartridge t
belt, they make a desperate and a dan- g
gerous antagonist. The territory of h
Arizona contains stretches of the most
unproductive soil in the country, but
the Apaches, muscular of litnb atd o
hardy by nature, thrive under its scni
tropical sun. An Apache's powers of
endurance are phenomenal. He has
been knowit to go two whole days,
running, fighting, and retreating; with- I
out tasting ia mnothful of food-or a
drop of w-ater. A band of 1,000
Apaches could wear the life out of an
Sordinary army in a month. They
f ight in squads of 20 or 30, scattered out '
over the plains and concealing them
selves behind a small stone or a clump 1
of sage brush that would scarcely hide a
a child. They can shoot right or left r
a handed, either in a crouching attitude, r
" rxolled up into a ball, or stretched fiat
t in a shallow "arroya," a ditch washed
out of the soil during the rainy season.
From this ambuscade they make for
the foothills, where they ensconce
° themselves in gulches and fire on their t
1 pursuers with deadly effect. They are
as fleet of foot- as a bronco, being able
a to outwind a horse over the parched
plains. Apache messengers between
9 government stations frequently cover
a distance of 25 miles in less than three
hours, and know how to elude the ter
rific sand storms that sweep the desert
a tracts in the vicinity of the Gila moun
P tains. In mountain climbing they are
i like chamois, jumping from ledge to
" ledge with the greatest ease and agility
v and scaling precipitous walls on the
r' mnost delicate footing. When riding
horseback they almost become part of
the animal, crawling around its body
"' and firing while they hang on one side
it in true Indian fashion. The Apache
y scouts are especially dreaded by the
1 Navajoes, Yumas, and the Maricopas,
Swhose outbreaks they are occasionally
called on to subdue, and who know
them of old from the pilfering expedi
tions for which the Apaches are fa
g mous.
The Apache reservation is about 250
miles from the Mexican boundary line.
As they are continually at war with
O their neighbors or amnong themselves,
g it is difficult to estimate their num
i bers, but it is between 5,000 and 7,000.
d They speak the Spanish language al
n most universally, and display all the
Sundesirable qualities of the North
h American Shoshone in close admixture
with the blood of the MLexican 1, ian.
* -San Francisco Chronicle.
women as Spellers.
t TWomen have the reputation of being
Sbetter spellers than men, though there
is have been some notable exceptions.
Mrs. Barbould, for instance, though
she was a schoolmarm, once delibera'ted
d s to the correct way of spelling don
. key, and Afinally concluded it was
. d-o-n-k-y. And the sedate Jane Austen,
. the popularity of whose books has so
r wonderfully revived within the last
decade, invariably wrote niece with
o the "e" before the "i." She wrote, con
I cerning some proofs: "The printers
d continue to supply me very well. I
Sam advanced in volume third to my
- arraroot." To this peculiar style of
a spelling an article sacred to invalids
there was, however, a modest query as
n- .fo propriety in the margin. Elsewhere
d the demure Jane felicitates herself
d upon an abundance of "tamatas." Her
e biographer, who was her grandnephew,
e confesses that his-gifted aunt was al
- ways a careless speller, nor was ashe
Sherself wholly ignorant of her own
. orthographical insecurity. She
y laughed at it, and evidently considered
it too trifing a matter to deserve sern
onei atteptionk-petI?9 Free &iean
AOTOIt LIKt WAS1INO1TON.
iru are rona da speasdag Iresare is the
Capital Cii'.
Every aetf c' aetress, lyric or dra
matic, will tell you tflit they love to
come to Washington. It is lvfti*bl)
.the pilgrimage of pleasure. There are
eahSral reasons for this. One reason in
- fb iabeeause a great deal of the talent
that Appkrelates talent is naturally at
the, seat of gvvet1int, where for years
th7it bhlie en a centiUetal movement
of bright 1iit liiid *rolnen.
Another reason is that eodifdiffoS
political and otherwise change td Offtec
that men and women are not permitted'
tO )Olve in grooves. This brings about
a systeiner f soeletyif it may be so called,
vhielt is nmore free from cliques and
ScabA1t'ktl any other city in the United
' States. The president is the president
it ~ael~ . The first lady in the land
is nod bi gger shah the seeond or third
lady of the land.
The few titled people hold title frofl
the people, and if they don't behave
themselves, as Andrew Jackson in
t aded, the people get mad, and titles
ihad perquisites vanish at the next
r electioh, inluding the coterie known as
- the bihtet set.
Of cohrse there is the diplomatic
dpt pr hut that is not Americafn. The
diplomatit P* trianges also quite fre
quently, but the thetfls `trtps is with us
always, and it is perhaps a draw as to
a whether the people like the "play
actors" any better than the "play
i a&tors" like the people of Washingtoa.
Aetors, like everybody else, and they
Sare all inortals except when on the
Sthet side of the footlights, are apt to
Sidftita lonesome if nos absolutely lost
Y in the inntiesity of the great cities
through which they go like birds of pas
t page during the "business" season. Noth
Ing can be more solitary than the solktude
d of a great city in which no one knows
t- inybody and in which it is difficult to
t 9 etacqutainted with anybody.
If take any of the big cities like Chi- B
' cago, St. Louis, San itranetsco or Phila
y delphia. Land an actor there for the
y first time, or the second or the third
Lt time, and, barring the paradox, he is
~ shiipWteeed as soon as he lands. Timne
d hangI helivy oni his hands. It is the
hotel, the rehearsal, and the perform
s anee in -the everlasting recurrence.
t" "This is the solzmn fact without ex
s. aggeration," said an lH-tiune visitor to
- Washington a day or two agO at the
1 Cochran. "You are all close together
. here; your city is compact, and withal
re there is no telling where it ends. I can
t find more things to interest me in an
Shour's walk frontm this hotel than I can
'b in any city in the world, and I have done
it come reveling in it in some capacity or
'd other On the stage ever since I was 15
i- years of age.'"-Vashington Times.
is THE ROTTENNESS OF TURKiY.
-A Government Carried on by Spies and
Bssesd on Bribery.
3 There is a couniel of ministers-they
n are puppets. There is a grand vizier
he is the mouthpiece of his master's
Lt whims. Every single matter, down to
n- the most trifling--a squabble in a coffee
ip house, for example--goes before the
se sultan personally. Every appoint
ft ment is made and unmade by him. The
me, minister of police is his chief spy and
at torturer. The minister of marine is
his ally in colossal peculition. The
. minister of the interior is perforce his
or means of securing as his own property
cc the richest lands of the empire, and
ir thus robbing the state of their returns
re in taxes. Except himself, nobody has
le any authority, nobody has any right^, C
ed nobody can perform any of the duties
of his position, nobody's liberty and life
are safe for an hour. And the rotten
er hole is cemented together by one huge
ee and all-embracing system of espionage.
r_ Everybody suspects everybody else
of being a spy, and Turk hardly vent
ures to express a thought to Turk. Not
re one minister can call upon another
to without the fact being reported at the
ty palace. The best men are in exile. In
he Constantinople there is but one man
og who dares beard the sultan. That is O
of Hassan Pasha, minister of marine, and
dy he boasts that the sultan dare not de
de pose him. lie receives enormous sums
he of money for the upkeep of the fleet, an .
he and as there is, of course, no fleet kept
as, up, these find their way into some pri
ly vate pockets. Vlether this is the hold i
he has over the sultan we do not know,
di- but- there is another statement made
[a- to the effect that he possesses, and has
placed in safe keeping outside Turkey,
!50 certain papers connected with the
se. death of Abdul Aziz, and that in case of
ith his deposition or sudden death these
es, are to be given to the world. In the
m- meantime, has enormous wealth, his
00. great influence and the hatred felt for
al- 1dm by all his subordinates are three
he jindisputable facts.
th There are just two really influentia!
ire men in Turkey. The first is Lufti
an. Agha, body servant and adviser to the
sultan. WVith this valet the caliph of
Islam takes counsel concerning the
ng domestic affairs of Turkey and its rela
re tions with the European powers. The
ns. second is Abdul Hudn, the sultan's pri
gh rate mollah, the priest who conducts
led the service in the royal mosques. In
n- comparison with this ignorant fanatic
pas the council of iministers, yes, and the
en, embassadors themselves, are mere warx
so works.--London Chronicle.
Rsat An Awfat Ieord.
I An old man in England was sent to
on- prison for foiurmonths for petty steal- -
ers ing whose record, the judge who sent
enced him said, "is one of the most
my awful pieces of reading that has ever
of come to my notice." In 1863 he was I
ida sent to jail for three years for stealing
'as two tame rabbits; he then got sdven
re years for stealing five shillings and ai
self shawl; then ten years, with seven years'
ler police supervision, for stealing three
iw ducks, and finallyconsecutive sentences
al- of five years each on three charges of
she stealing a coat, a pair of reins, and 1
n shovel, with another seven years' polfce
he supervision. In all,- 35- years of penal'
red serritude for six thefts of objects whose
Sr value amounted to a few d4QUessLeC l
alpo hbrppicI.ey
FELIX DEMANA E 1'
The Up-to-Date lerciant,
Groceries, Crockery,
Liquors, Willowware,
Fancy Goods.
I'restal _tool ! -- Chep Pricesyl
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN.
DRUG-GI STS,
-AND DEALIBRS Il-
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
Fancy and Toilet Articles.
school Books and Stationery. Base Ball Goods. Cigars
and Tobacco. 31eillier's Perfumes.
PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIGHT
P. DEIFIANADE,
LIQUORS,
Wines and Tobaccos,
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
t A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON,
LU MBER
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
OFFICE AND YARD:
r Gear Railroad Depot, : : Lafayette, La.
is Cypress and Pine Lumnber, Rough and Dressed, Shingle.
dash, Blinds, Mouldings, etc.
.n Ci-tem.*na .
S-- Screen Doors and Extension Screen Windows.
Id
SIYGLES.
ris
or
Warrne Are the
osst Highest
o ofall o
ri- Grades.
InS Warranted Superior to Any Bicycle Built Inlat
We Florld, Regardless of Price.
Read the following opinion of one of the mostproiufneae
Anterican dealers who has sold hundreds of these wheels:
RtcrimoN, VA., October 2, 4 ss
to l a n Wood Indiana Bleyele C(., Indianapoils, Ind.:
at- l ......... ' "-can't mean to tell us that this whel rsetteli for W5r w mum ,u umats ~
,5t Clincher TiLes wetaht over, we hve faith in It. itbhoagh it wegls only U po ds te-Ue_:. -
l. Paglsu Frame smeber) wehave neva~r had a frame not fo brk le, ohLs--fted
ra,-u "-I ,  ILLUSTRATED CATALOtBUJE -.:-P
me Sud- __U__._....__.....__o 0"_.
SIndiana Bicycl
S_ -dianapols, Indiand .:i
, B. cJreQU, ESChasivuesv Agoak