prike1iui'at Lafayette on the at, 2td
ad;h Batgb, t tianti . a.d-y p. m.
"At Raysfe on the 3rd abd 5th Sabbaths at
, #z' o'clock asd at night.
1. r. Reums, Pastor.
Bo. Pac. Sbhedule.
EAST Oo"ND.
go. z9, Arn's 2146 a. is., L'ves 215 a. usI.
S- . y, "a 1'2;o p. m., "' 1i145 p. m.
WEST BOUND.
I o. 2o. Arri's 141 at. m. L'ves 2:41 a. m.
.... o. , 3:5 p. m. " 3:35 p. m.
Al aXANDRIA BRANCH,
East bound, No. 73, Arrives 12aIo p. m.
West bound, No. 72, Leaves 3:40 p. m.
AT NEW ORLEANS.
Arrives. Leaves.
IN . 19 8:2o a. m. No. 2o 8:20 p. m.
to. 17t 64o p. m. No. S 9100oo. a. m.
Andrew Prudhomme is visiting in
Washington.
Ed Miller came up from-Morgan
City and spent a few days in town
this week.
Hebert Mouton came back from
New Orleans last Monday.
Desire Doucet, a hustling young
merchant from Scott, was in Lafa
yette Wednesday.
Father Laforest was in Lafayette
Wednesday.
Ben Lewis, the well-known New
Orleans drummer, registered at the
Rigues House this week.
Alexis Voorhies was in Lafayette
this week.
Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Jones and
their son, Fred, were in Lafayette
Wednesday.
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Hebert re
turned from New Orleans Monday.
They went to Breaux Bridge the
same day.
Miss Julia Decuir of New Iberia
has been taking down testimony in
short-hand before the district court
this week.
Charley Harnisch, who had been
away several months, returned to
Lafayette Thursday morning.
Buy your matting, window shades
and curtain poles from Mouton &
Hopkins.
Mr. Aurelien Olivier left Wed
nesday for Baton Rouge to visit his
son, Kossuth, at the State Univer
sity.
Mrs. Delany, who was on a visit
to her parents, Dr. and Mrs. Thos.
$. Hopkins, left Thursday for her
home at Greenville, Texas.
Mrs. L. Levy returned from New
Orleans Monday afternoon.
Mouton & Hopkins have received
a full line of lawns which they are
selling at low figures.
Manager IV. D. West of the L
Western Union was in Lafayette s
this week, and found the company's ti
business here to be in first-class
shape.
Mrs. Jno. O. Mouton has re
turned from New Orleans where she t
had gone to purchase a stock of i
spring and summer millinery goods.
The styles are unusually pretty this ti
year.
Fresh stock of groceries for lent P
at Mouton & Hopkin's.
A demand for a larger stock of
goods has compelled B. Falk to '
build another store adjoining his
sain building. The new house will
be filled principally with groceries,
hardware and crockery. Mr. Falk
receives his crockery directly from
an English factory.
The Editor is the name of a new
weekly publ'ished by the printing
department of the Louisiana Indus
trial Institute, at Ruston. Mr. A.
T. Prescott is business manager of
the paper. It is a very interesting
Stournal and should be patronined by
she people of the State.
To Planters .
Your can get the celebrated John
'Deere Disc Cultivators for cash or
on terms, at Louis C. Duchamp's,
St. Maninville, and it is the only
place in Souehwest Louisiana where
you can gete them Price for cash '
-33 oo. ....
, Remember that the stock of gro
.- erie, at MoIton & Hopkins. is re- -
ple jag udaily. .. L
-. e Ilsa need any printed statiorn F
iwe would' like to furnish you
V.,..,
The best salve ,in the world for
Custs, Bznises,. Sores; Ulcers, Salt
R heum, Fever Sores, Tetter, Chap
ped Hands, Chilblains, Cofdis, and
all Skin tuptions, abd positively
sid cures Piles, or no pay required. " It
m. is guaraqteed to give perfect satis
at faction or money fefunded. Price
25 cents per box.- For sale by Win.
Clegg.
Police Jury Proceeding~.
,. LAFAYET'TE, La., March 4, Sg97.-The
m. Police Jury met this day in regular session
With the following members present: R. C.
Landry, C. 1C. Brown, Ben Avant, Jno.
m. Whittington, Alonzo Lacy, Jno. E. Primeau,
m. Martial Blllaud Jr. and Aif. HIebert.
The minutes of the previous meeting were
m. read and approved.
m. By motion the cottimittee appointed to
settle with Sheriff Broussatd was also in
structed and authorized to examine the
treasurer's office, and also the office of the
m. sheriff and report to this body a statement
m. of parish finances from July 1, 1896, to date.
Mr. Primeaux reported Olidon Broussard
in bridge in a dangerous condition, and that
competent mechanics had declared the
structure unfit for repair. Mr. Primeaux
an was continued on the committee to confer
with the authorities of Vermilion parish as
fn to what action should be taken in the prem
ises.
The secretary was instrtidted to notify
nm District Attorney Gordy that the Jury ac
oepted with thanks his kind offer to explain
to the road over-seers of the parish their
duties respecting the maintenance and gov
rg efnment of the public highways. The next
a- reguhsr meeting, April i, was fixed as the
date for Attorney Gordy's address, and all
foad over-seers and their subs were request
ed to be present on the occasion.
te By motion of Mr, Avant, the following
jury of freeholders was appointed to trace
and lay out a public road forty feet wide ac
cording to law, from Spell's cove to Pascal
! Molaison, that is from Vermilion parish to
e unite with the public road running to Scott;
David Spell, Emile Lapene, Austin Daily,
Moise Baker, Emile Tero, Orin Spell. The
Said road to be delivered free of cost to the
parish.
Mir. Alfred Ifebert was authorized to sell
to the highest bidder all the old iron, pipes,
id etc,, rejected in the repairs on the parish
jail. Said material to be advertised for 30
te days.
President it. C. Landry was authcrized to =
build an addition to the Isle Pilette public
e- school house agreeable to a petition of the
patrons of said school.
Y" By motion of Mr. Brown, the sum of
ue $5o. was appropriated for the relief of the I
North Louisiana drouth sufferers and or
dered transmitted to the State Relief Com
mittee.
1a Mr. Avant submitted a report of his at
, tendance on the State Agricultural Conven
tion at Baton Rouge and gave an interesting
rt account of the proceedings of that body.
Mr. Avant said that what he heard and saw
only emphasized the fact that our farmers
a generally fail to appreciate all the methods,
devices and scientific forces applicable 'and
0 essential to successful agricultural opera
tions. Institutes for farmers were just as
necessary as institutes for teachers and if
S farmers expect to keep abreast of this pro
gressive age, .they must abandon loose and
Sr unscientific methods and adopt a sound
business and scientific basis in accord with
their true and best interests. If agreeable r
and arrangements could be made, the State
society would conduct an institute at Lafa
is yette same time during the summer,
The following indigents were each al
l' lowed $12.50 pension: Rudolph Prejean,
Francoise Barriere, Mrs. Sarazin Mathleu,
Emerenthe Bonin, Judith.
t The committee appointed to trace a pub
lie road from P. R. Landry's land to the
i. public road leading to Lafayette made the
r following report which was adopted, the
road declared a public highway and the. sum
of $4o0, appopriated and set aside to mece
the damages assessed proprietors:
V State of Lonisaina, parish of Lafayette.--Ve, A.
L. Broussard. Rosemond Langlinais. Luc Langli
nais, Pierre R. Landry. Eloie foirinJtlcs U. itolrts
sard do solemnly swear that I will lay out the road
now directed to be laid out by the Pollce Jtry of the
parish of Lafayette, to the greatest ease and advan
tage of the inhabitants. and with as liltte prejudice
e to enclosures as may be-without favor or affection,
malice or hatred, and to the best of my skill and
abilities. So help me God. And furthermore, that
I will truly assess all damages to proprietors, caused
by said road, to the best of my judgment and ability.
e Alphonse L. Broussard. Rosemond Langlinais. Luc
Langlinais, Pierre R. Landry. Lloi Bonin. Jules U.
Broussard. Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
toth day of January. 1897. Alcx D. Verrot, justice of
gthe peace.
RPEPORT.
We, the undersigned jury of freeholders of the
parish of Lafayete, daly appointed by the the Police
J rr of said parish, to trace and lay out a public road
leading from southeast corner of P. R. Landry'slatnd
and southwest of Onesime Langlinais's through tile
lands of the following proprietors, to-wit: P. it.
Landry. Onesime Langlinads, Eloie Honin Lucicn
honin Ulysse Bonin. Mrs. Eraste Bonln, through
f Jules U. Broussard, then hetween Charles S. Lan
dry. Semar Broussard and Hiorace Comeatux and
Chas. S. Landry to puhlic road leading to Lafayette.
Haviirg beenr notified of our appaintment and of the
time and place of meeting by the person first named
in said order of appointment; and having severally
taken and subscribed the foreging oath. and having
given notice to each and every one of the aforesaid
proprietors in writing, at least three days previots.
of the time and place of meeting and of the intended
laying out of said road throogh the -lnds of sat-i pro
prietors, which notices vere duly served on said pro
prietors, did meet on the itth day b January. i7. at ii
A. L. Brousard's. the place designated in said no
tices, and did then and there, in the presence of the h
following named of said proprietors, to-wit: Ulysse
Bonin, Chas. S. Landry. Z. E. Bonin. Semar Z.
Broussard, proceed to trace and lay otEt- said public
road as follows: Beginning at P. R. R.Lahdry anid
Onesime Langlinais" and einning thence through'
the lands of Eloie Ifonin, Lucion Bonin, etc. etc.. for
the distance of about it mile taking a strip of fifteen
feet wine off of the land of each one along their comn.
mon boundry line, which boundry was mitualy a
greed upon and shown ,ts by said proprietors.
and hy them designated to us, by setting stake and
piowingt furrowsE so as to be easily visiltie and recog- -
niable, and thence through the Lands of P. 5. Lan
dry. Onesims Langlinais. Eloie Bonin. Lucien ionin
Ulysse Bonin. lirs. J. E. ionin,. Jules U. Broussard.
Clia. S. Landry. Semar Broussard. Chos. S. Landry.
inoratce Comesux. The termination of said road.
shic oaa" is 3o feet wide thronghmtt its entire
length, and was so traced and slaked out so as to be
plainly sisible throughout its entire course: and we
have caused to be made a plat of said road showing T
the location and couoe of faid roai. and the location
cf the lands of tife different proprieiors through
which said road runs; and the distance and 9iuanttty
o1 land expropriated'from each owner for said toad.
which plat is annexed to'this our report of said rord
for reference.
And we further report that we, said jury of free
holders, did on our oaths aforesaid. asseos the follows
ing damages to proprietors in compensatton for themi
land so taken and expropriated for said road as fol'
lows. to-t-i: ro Jules U. Broussard $5s, and to the
other proprietors no danages were assessed. as in
our opinion the benefit of safd road fully compen
sates the value of their land taken.
Done at the parisrh of Lafayette, this t5th day of
J[an. .897. A.L. Broussard. Rocemond Langlinnis.
- Iuc L~anflinais. P. R. Landry. Eloi fonin. Jules U.
Bioussard. Attest: J. H. Bernard.J. E. 13ona.
-nOL weSSI acy OF' CON'SrsT.
i, one of the proprietors named in the written re:
pnrt, do hereby consent to the location of the road as
described in thh written report, and accmpanyinog
plat: and hereby s(rer'to accept the amount of dam
ages allnwed me, by said jerry of freeholders, as by
the written report set forth in full compensation of
all damages hy me sustained. by reason of the espro
priation of my land for the use tfsaid rO.d. Signed
and dated this trth day ofJanuary. t8q . P. R. Lan
dry, Eloi Bonin. rules U. ]fainsoard.t- lif. J. E. Bo
n .n.. Horace Comeaux. Charles S. Lands'y. UIysse
]onmn. Onetime Langlinais. Lutcien Bonin, J. Semar
Broussard. Witnesses: J. H. Be-axrd. J. E. Bonin.
LUCas Berna'r .
The treasurer submitted his monthly re
pob-t as folinvws:"
To the President and NMemhers of' Police'
Jury Parish Lafayette, La.:- Geatininen
Joidoworrg. is a statement of- xecelptd gad disar
iursementa of parish fiinds since any last ri
port: - -
Da.
1To bal dn hand last report:.............. $S261 65
Feb. 4. Amt rec'd tax-coll'r.
Taxes of 1894 ................................... 495 95
T'aates of x895............... ............ 6 I 36
Feb. 9. Amt rec'd tait-colt'rs
Taxes cdllected in Jan............... 5738 '2
Licenses collected in Jar ................ 7 5d
Feb. 9. Ant rec'd of A. Chiasson
stock sold ........... .............. ........ 13 5
Total receipts............................ $ x78 43
tR.
Feb. By 5 per cent corn tax coll'r.
Taxes colldcted iti t894 and '95....$ 55 36
Taxes collected in Jan...........::... 286 93
Licenses collected in Jan .............: 2 87
Feb. By approved orders.......... 1917 45
Feb. By app'd orders by Dist Judge 35 oo
Feb. By Jufors certificates ................ z11 60
Feb. By witness certificates............ 66 Io
Total disbursements .......... -.. $3486 33
By balance on hand $4692.12.
Respectfully submitted,
J. E. MARTIN, Treasurer;
Lafayette, La., March 4, 1897.
The following accounts wete aplSroved
Horace Broussard, wood ...........$ 12 oo
Wm. Clegg, sundries............ . 9 40
I. A. Broussard, feeding prisoners.... 118 50
Alfred IHebert, blankets, etc ..---- 57 60
A. R. Trahan, parish physician....... 24 oo
Gab. IHebert, removing refuse ........... 23 25
A. A. Bonnet, repairs on C. H., etc, 16 55
Moss & Moutons lumber ............. 68 68
E. Comeaux, constable fees ...........9 oo
A. D. Verrot, justice fees .... ...... so do
Thos. Mouton, guarding jail ............ 1 2 50
Honore Sonnier, drainage Ist SWard 39 50
Alcin Comeaux, drainage 5th ward 20 oo00
Dolze Broussard, drainage ~tli eward 1o 35
Alcin Comeaux, com. of election.... 3 oo
Jno. Whittington Jr., nails, etd,....... 7 60
Estorge & Billaud, lumber, spades I3 oo
Mrs. Alf. Chargois, feeding juries.. 38 Jo
J. P. Revillon1 GustaveLacoste, A.
Greig, A. Judice, E. G. Voor
hies, jury commissioners, each 5 oo
J. A. Robiehiaud, B. Miller, wit
nesses, each..... ....... ........ 2 50
Wm. R. Foote, repairs on bridge.... 15 00oo
Ben Avant, notary fees .............. 5 oo
Avenel Landry, coroner's juror..... 2 00oo
E. G. Voorhies, witness certificates 40 oo
There being no further business the Police
Jury adjourned.
R. C. LANDRY, President.
R. C. RREIG, Secretary.
Taken Up.
On my place in the 7th ward, one bay
mare, with white spot on the torehead and
on front shoulder. Owner can secure saine
by proving ownership and paying costs.
E. W. MATTHEWS,
Lafayette P. O., La. t
3-13.
SIDNEY IenitZy,
Liver Fed Stable.
Lincoln Avenue, Two .
jIlocks from Dcpot._ ,I___
First- Class Rigs at
Reasonable Prices.
Careful drivers furnished when
required.
Lafayette, La,
SOME FLIIN TALK
-. DOLLARS Easier to Move than Coods .-
DAVID LEVY,
AA A' AS.EMPORIUM
l- lM-- -' " .--.-- - -!!
The Leader of Low Prices l~'acts are Facts
I am not going to occ~lpy your precious time or uti- and the sooner and plainer told the better appreciated.
lize any valuable space in advertising my goods in glowing V'he whole matter in a nutshell is that
hyperbole, promising much and doing little. II am going to Move
I ; AND I
T -wa.t to *i-spose of 2-r Sto3ck- I
My constantly increasing business has made it imperative' for mie to secure larger.and more commodious quar-.
ters. I now beg to announce that I am now having erected a spacious and elegant store, corner Adams an4
Louisiana Ave., formerly occupied by E.. Deputy, Esq.-; which will be occupied by the Acadia's Cash Ei2piui .
on or about April 15th.
I St211 =ell 1J'r Steol- ofd
Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots Shoes, Hats, Groceries,,
Crockery, Etc. Far below their intrinsic worth.
I ask that you call and. be convinced, without felling any obligation to purchase unless so- d&sire. Yours` fob..
Low Prices, 1.A
Acadia's Cash Em.or anu
-IRV R YNELO.t SIAN
- , ' . Y=./" _ : ;, -_G,_ gg" ý
"ý ýl:a' stioý~lVGil I '' rc ¢
e- WANT -A21 energetic man with
small capital to go in a paying busi
ness on a -farm siturated one mile
'5 from Lafayette. Address: Alfred
5 Hebert, Lafayette, La.
r2 NOTARItS PunLIC, Justices
id of the Peace, Clerks of Dis
trict Courts; Lawiyers and
i5 Sheriffs can find iay Legal
Blank of use in their offices
3 at Gray's Printing House.
Sent by mail. We pay the
postage. Send for our Cata
Slouge and Price List of Legal
.6 Blanks and Commercial Printing. Address,
13 W. B. GRAY, Morgan City, La.
7
v "ST. LANDhY'S CYCLONE."
0 35693.
- A fine Registered Jersey Bull, 4
l; years old in April. His Sire the
only bull living or dead that ever
produced an 8-gallon Jersey cow.
His dam, 4 gollons. His daughters
Very promising. Tabulated pedi
o gree. Object of sale, to avoid in
0 breeding: Price $75 here.
0 C. A. SAINT,
0 Sun Set, La.
5 3-6.
8 t
SThe Gasoline Launch
EDITH
5 Will leave Pin Hook Bridge
every Monday at 7 o'clock a. m.
I for Coxan's Bank, at the seashore.
Round trip fare,- $4.00. For par- l
ticulars apply to ALFRED HEBERT,
Lafayette, La.
3-6.
Notice Of Tableau.
Succession of Syphroyen Landry No.
2084-17th Judicial District
Parish of Lafayette, La.
Whereas Charles S, Landry, of the parish
of Lafayette, administrator of the estate of
I Syphroyen Landry has filed a final tab
leau of classification of debts and distribu
tion of funds of said estate accompanied by
his petition praying for the homologation of
the same and whereas the prayer of said
petition has been granted by an order of
court bearing (late Feb: 2, 1897. Now
therefore notice is hereby given to all per
sons interested including the heirs of said
deceased Syphroyen Landry, to make opposi
tion to said tableau and file same in writing
in my office in the town of Lafayette, within
the time required by law, why the said tab
leau should not be hiomologated and con
firmed. En G. VoXonaRriis, Clerk.
March 6, 1897.
anted ide Who thi
Protect ouNr ideas: theJ mt p J nt
-des: they brig, you wealitb.
rite.JOHN WIaD IuRN a CO.. Patentr, Ator
eya W1llnaton. D. C.. foe their a.500 prize oner
n new" Is ot of on" Ywaln tVdaat on8 wantedC
Chas. D. Chaffery. * *
Attorney-at-Law
and Notary Public.
Offiice do Mdison Strcet. - .... •
Lnfayette, Louisiana.
Ir Strayed or Stolen.
d A pair of mules, male and female. Male,
Li dark-hay branded on the right shoulder and
s on the right hip. The feniale; niearly black,
branded in three places. They disappeared
from my place in Vermilion patish. Re
ward will be givetl to any oide for the return
oI f the mules or for tiny proof that will lead
to their recovery. PiII.ocFNK FABRE.
P. O. Abbeville, La.
2-20.
Sheriff's Sale.
Southwestern Building anid Loan
r Association irs. 1. M. Jones and
Geo. C. Budd--No. 3963
-17th Judicial District Court,
Parish of Lafayette, Lt.
By virttie of a tvrit of seizure and sale
under executory process issurd by the Hon.
17th Judicial Distridt Court in. the athidve
entitled suit; and to nie directed, I liave
seized and taken into my possession, and
will sell without alpPraisement to the last and
highest bidder for cash, within the hours
prescribed by law, at the frdnt door of the
court-housc in the town of Lafayette, on
Saturday, Matrh s20 18597,
the following described property, to-wit:
A certain tract of land with all the build
ings and improvements thereon, situated in
the parish of Lafayette, State of Louisiana.
containing four hundred arpents;- more or
less, bounded Noriti by Bayou Carencro,
South by lands of Onezime and the heirs of
Hypolite Breau., East by lands of Ernest
Potier, West by lands of Ii. Guilbeau.
I. A. BROUSSARD,
Sheriff of Lafayette Parish.
Feb. 13, x897:
Be sure you iire right and go ahead,
Exclaimed old Davy Crocket, but,
Not all are able see the wisdom to be
Found in this oft-quoted adage
Although it is as full of it as Solomon.
Like the rugged old Hero of the Alamo, I
Kan't help advising you
To be sure you are on the right road and theni go ahead
until you reach my store where you oan buy anything
you may need at prices that will surprise you, whetheY
you want to purchase
Drygoods. Clothing, Notions,
Boots and Shoes or Furniture.
I· For Sale.
ab ·ý::. arpcuts of woodland; aitat
ab.lt .;.< ilcs from todn of Lafyett
a small cabin on said land; only two ht:
dred cords of wood cut froii same.
Also dhe lalge wagon for sale.
For full particulars apply to C. Liste1
or to C. H. Lusted, Lafayette,. La.
Sheriff Sale.
Ike Feited vs. tafayette Sugit lMa ..
ufacturing Comjsihjry-State oi
I.ouisiana--No. 48282 Civil Die.
trict Court, Parish of Orleans.
By virtue of a writ of fi-fa issued in the
above eqititled suit and to nie directed, I "
have seized and takeri into my possessioi-
and will sell to the last and Highest bidder;
at the front dodr of the court-house in thd -
town of Lafdyett; between legal sale hoard;
on
Saturday, Mec(h 13, 1 7I,.
the followidg property; to-it: One cea..
tain tract of land situated in the parish .
Lafayette, Lii.. containing nine aarpet -
more or less, add described as fo|lo g
Corniencirig at a live oitk tree at the inter -
section of the hedge line on said p
and So. Pac. railroad, and rtnqniag alid
said hedge line in a southerly directioda inc
feet, thence running in an easterly dictli -
toward Bayou Vernilion a distance of Sdd
feet, thence In a northerly direction to 4
point on the So. Pac. rail*tray a distance of
4o00 feet, therie dlorig satd railroad a diS
tance of Soo feet back td tile original stanid
ing pdint, as per plat dated July 18, i895;;
attached to act No. 21.187 of recorder's of
fice, at Lafayette parish, La., togethter. with
all buildings and improve:rlerita tihereon id
satisfy said order of seizeure"
I: A. BiRdVssARti;
Shiefiff Lafayette Parish.
Feb. 6, 9gg7.
Wamted-An idea .e-U
--d n- 1.5 or Ai" r fsabv tomes