Well You Look"
Petende Surprised at the
Wonderful Improvement.
' I . L Hood 0., -,owel, Massma.:
"+Dear Stre:-I take pleasure in writing the
good4 have r from taking Hood's Baree
pmllaer. Every spring and summer for six years
ar more, my health has been so poor from heart
trouble and general debility that at times life
was a burdon. I would become so
Emaeolated and Weak and Pale
:.. that my friends thought I would not live long.
. eold do scarcely any work at all and had to
U.L e down every few minutes. I began getting
eerse an January, losing my fleesh and feeling so
tired. I thought I would try Hood's SarsaMa
idlus ian I amhappy tosay I am in better health
Lthais been for a naumber of years. My
iends remark to me: 'Why how well you look.'
I tell them it is Hood's Sarsaparilla that has
done the work. I would have all suffering hu
mialty give this medicine a trial and be eon
insed. This statement is Trae to the Lot.
"Ir,,5 MRs. JUnrNE DECKER, Watseka, Ill
Hood's Pills cure liver ills, constipation,
biliousness, jaundiceesick beadache.indligestion.
HORSES OR MULES?
SMM ETT's
COLIC & 0
Is guaranteed tb Cure
In Every Case.
*N OIENCHING-DOSE: ONE TABLESPOONFUL.
LEnzrrn, amr.. Feb. 4. s+go.
D mr sxsl---I do not want to be without a
supply of your Emmett's Colic and Bots Cure ua
long as I own an animal subject to the above
sned diseases. Am a farmer, owner and
breeder of horses, cows and hogs. I have used
the Spefic in a good number of cases, and in
everyomstance, found it fully as good as recom
mended. There is an increasing demand for it
bae among the farmers. Yours,
J. J. MCDOVOS=..
!wax, st1.eS ieotte.
I. L. LYONS & CO., Proprietors.
29er Osletamme Eae
*WhUvEA.-A p.WrO. as a loam orarse a care. TO
am a - warn....t ass pzp watrs. .prl.kLo laws..aar
, ,, S,, UBURBAN
.--, - 6l K JOBS
Elm 0 mas thlmubl do't
ie. ým.s.s e k 1 san e to a y h om e 5 e uar t
ase.wo me ap. mdaoe
weas srr sRHot, o winals
so is Oh, a ls m ems. -
kin d In al
eivr k Csrlm alma -ss
weasohe a i thak t do ft let
T-,s e anl lly, se. ad mate a.. hbs
wits "umdam at hes than Woldod
sem ws oha.lea soe emeseouf.
lblyodbra l,.ssto brth
sla es Vs $50 CAm
a las Mm pissee d
Sbsmasa. sad hams. molt
tamsy saee
thse Wears ast
ýatsnm Sac o.
Write sir.sor V.12
SAIRETTESOAP
BRIGHT
iOU.SEWRES
No OTHER.
:.Mr BESTPSREST
-Henri RoobtetaN bgrn his Joni
-alistle life by writing aungent and
witty articles for a lriend whose name
he signed. They reoeived such flatter
ing attention that he was prevailed to
write over his own name. -
-The d nad duchess of Fife are
passionatel d of dogs and when
they travel they always take several
canine pets with them. The duke is
most fond of collies and Scotch ter
riers, and the duchess of fox terriers
and pugs.
-Mr. Gladstone, in addition to five
hundred thousand dollars left by his fa
ther, has a rent roll of the Hawarden
estate which came into the possession
of his wife on the death of the last
male Glvnne. His annual income is
one hundred and twenty-five thousand
dollars
-Mrs. E. D. Ei.. Southworth has
just passed her seventy-fourth birth
day.. She is in fairly good health and
may live to have her years equal in
number her eighty novels. It is hard
ly likely that she will write another
book, though her mind is still active
and fertile in invention.
--It is reported that Mrs. 11. S. Grant
has quite decided not to publish her
memoirs of her husband, as it is her
wish that this book shall not be pub
lished until after her death. Several
publishers have had the opportunity to
look it over, and it is said that-one has
offered fifty thousand dollars for the
work.
-Mr. Stuart Rendel, the Welsh
radical who has been made a peer on
the recommendation of Mr. Gladstone,
is the father-in-law of one of Mr.
Gladstone's sons. lie is one of the
wealthiest men in WVales, and has been
one of the principal entertainers -of
the liberal leaders during the last ses
sion. -
-Jean Casimir-Perier, who has taken
upon himself, as premier, the perilous
task of piloting a new French minis
try, has, like President Carnot, a dis
tinguished ancestry. He is both grand
son and son of ministers. His grand
father was the president of Louis
Philippe's council, and his father was
a minister of Thiers.
-When Olive Schriner is in London
she gives very curious little receptions.
The guests are eclectic both in religious
belief and literary taste. Tall, long
haired young men, vivacious, bright
maidens earning their living by the
pen or the brush flock to drink in wis
dom from the lips of the writer of the
"Story of an African Farm." At the
present moment Miss Schriner is back
in her house near Cape Town, and the
little fiat which she inhabited during
her long sojourn in London knows hes
no more.
HUMOROUS.
-Every boy ought to be a second
edition of his father revised and im
proved.-Ram's Horn.
-"I beg your pardon, sir"- "What
is it?" "Can you tell me where I can
get the newest ideas in antiques?"
Hallo.
-She-"George, I hear burglars l'
He--"Vell, keep quiet, they won't
steal you."-Browning, King & Co.'s
Monthly.
-There is a good deal of quarreling
in this woild, and in a few weeks we
may look to -see the trees come to
blows.-Lowell Courier.
-"Is the bishop a broad man and
liberal in his views?" "Oh my, yes.
lie's abroad most of the time, and in
giving his views he is most prodigal."
-Harlem Life.
-Treecard-'"Did your wife storm
when you got' home?" Twospec
"Right away; and the cloud was larger
than any man's hand in our party."
Kate Field's Washington.
-"What sort of a collection have
you. WVill?" asked the visitor. "P'er
haps I can help you." "Well, sir,"
said Will, "I'm collecting American
coins. '-Harper's Young People.
-Magistrate-"If you were there for
no dishonest purpose, why were you in
your stockinged feet?" Burglar-"l
heard there was sickness in the family,
your worship."-Pearson's iet'cl3-.
-Not a Failu'Oe.--Hudson-"Joncs is
very sick. Had an operation performed
on him." Judson-"It wasn't success
ful, then?" Hudson-"Yes, it was
very successful. It was a Wall ttWeet
operation."
-Feuderson (who is having his
mustaches blackened) - "Do you
charge for this kind of workl by the
job or by the hour?" Barber (senten
tiously) - "Per dye 'em."-Boston
Transcript.
-"Didn't you tell me you could hold
the plow?" said a farmer to an Ir'isb
man hd had taken on trial, "Ile aisy.
now," said Mike, "'How could I hould
it, an' two horses pullin' it away? .tIst
stop the craytures an' 1'11 hould it for
ye."-Brooklyn Life
Remember
the name:
The De Long PAT. Ho'-o
AND EYE, Also notice on
face and back of every card
the words:
See that
hump?
Richardson
a p~ht~Dd ro
A-Omso Deep atere. to Wom..
a Everywhere.
lived through a Casual Olare at a
M.wspapser-W.sk, e. sad ian a D.
alorable CoaSlltloa Woae Blle
Oame-A eomarksble Narr*
tse Carefally Inveaestat
by a Dabaque Times
Rperrter.
tDubmque lows. Times 1
Amonagthepectlliai"conditions with which
the people of the present age are endowed
is a remarkable capacity for doubting.
The Tme, determined upon a thorough in
vestigation into a medical case out in Sa
vannah, Ill., as a matter of news, with the
result that the case was even more remark
able than the public had been given to
understand.
Mrs. Kenyon was a good talker and told
the story in a terse way as follows:
"I was born. in Warren county. New
York, thirty-three years ago. I was mar
ried when I was nineteeh and came to Ba
vannah seven years ago. With the excep
tion of being at times subject to violent sick
headaches, I considered myself a healthy
woman up to five years ago. At that time
I was very much run down and anehsyprey
to the ever present malaria in and abopt
the Mississippi bottom lands. I was taken
violently ill. The local physicians said I
was affected by malaria and intermittent
fever. I continually grew weaker and final
ly wvent to see Dr. McVey, of Clinton, Iowa,
who is reputed to be one of the ablest phy
sicians in the Mississippi valley. He treated
me for a time without beneficial effects. 1
then consulted a prominent doctor of Sa
vannah. My stomach would not retain the
medicine he gave me and he came to the
conclusion that my stomach was badly dis
eased. Occasionally I would choke down
and nearly suffocate. I then went to Dr.
Maloney and he pronounced it a case of
heart trouble. He helped me only tempo.
rarily. All this time I had grown weaker
and paler until I was in a deplorable condi
tlion. I had a continual feeling of tiredness,
my muscular power was nearly gone, and I
could not go up half a dozen steps without
resting, and often that much exercise would
cause me to have a terrible pain inanpy side.
Seemingly the blood had left my Veins. I
was pale as death; my lips were blue and
I cold and I had given up all hope of ever
getting better. My husband insisted that I
should take some of Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills. When these had been used I ias
somewhat hupipoved in health. I continued
their use and felt I was growing stronger,
my sleep refreshed me and it seemed as if
I could feel new blood coursing through my
1 veins. I kept on taking Pink Pills until a
short time ago and now I consider myself a
healthy, rugged woman. My house is full
of boarders and I superintend all the work
myself. Ih other wordp, I work all the
time and am happy all the time. I am post
tive that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale
People saved my life, and I believe there
are thousands of women who could find
great relief if they used them. The sick
headaches I was subject to from girlhood
have disappeared, and I have hot had _
Single attack since I commenced taking Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills."
One of her neighbors said: "Mrs. Kenu
yon'srecovery is something marvelous. She.
was reduced to a mere shadow, and was the
t palest and mostghost-like person I had ever
seen. If miracles are not performed in these
days I would be pleased to knoiw how to de
scribe a case of this kind."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pilis, it temis, contain
I a bcdndensed form all the elements neces
t sary to give new life and richness to the
· blood, and restore shattered nerves. They
are an unfailing specific for such diseases as
locomotor ataxin, partial paralysis, St.
Vitus' dance,. sciatica, neuralgia, rheuma
a Ltsm, nervous headache the after effects of
a the grlppeJ l)tlpitatinih of the libait, hbie ind
sallow complexions, that tired feeling re
sulting from nervous prostration; all dis
a eases resulting from vitiated humors in the
blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysipelas,
etc. They are also a specific for troubles
n peculiar to females, such as suppressions,
tregularities, and all forms of a-ctkuesii
they build up the blood and restore the
glow of health to pale or sallow cheeks. In
n men they effect a radical cure in all cases
arising from mental worry, overwork, or
r axcesses of whatever nature.
These Pills are manufactured by the Dr.
Williams' Medicine Company, lchellectad1,
N. Y., and Brockville, Ont., and are sold in
e boxes at .50 cents a box, or six boxes for
12.50, and are never sold in bulk.
]Rncar A~wr-"Ii seems to me as if you
n y:ilke came wheno you needed money." Poor
Nephew-"But I can't come oftener."
n a1o0 Iteward, I00.
1 The reader of this p ', will be ilernetil f
l.ere thl,. $.l,t;t. is lit leali, one dreaded
" :seiase that science has been able to cure in
all its stages, and that is Catarrh. Hall's
is Datarrh Cure -is the only positive cure
Snown to the medical fraternity. Catarrh
Deinm a constitutional disease, requires a
r onstitutional tr'eatmenallt: HIIa|'y Cltza_'rti
ire ns tak'ul lii ernally, acting directly on
. ie blood and mucous surfaces of the
system, thereby destroying the foundation
if the disease, and fgiving ti,' vntcsn
is strengthby huildinq , lir 1 stt.iis.!tuMih
a md seiethig i aLturein doingits work. The
jroprietors have so much faith in its cura
Sive powers, that they offer One Hundred
i- Dollars for any case that it fails to cure.
Send for list of testimonials.
Address, F. J. CnHEr & Co, Toledo, O.
DIr-Sold by Dru gists, 75c,
"THEY'VE each got a touch of brimstone in
Stheir tempers." Is that sol Then they
t ought to make a good match."-N. Y. Press.
r "Shall I Evesr ie stronCg nAalnt'f
iAntyi, persons suffering from chronic lack
of vigor ask themselves this question in vain.
They have neglected the one sure means of
conferring whatthov lack and long for. In a
very brief time, if they would but use Hos
tetter's Stomach 13jtters; they vruld fled
thair appctitd aild sleep renewed and
itrbnug~th revived. ThoBitters will also suro
Ly remedy dyspepsia, malaria anld liver com
plaint. ."
HrsnAND--"Does that novel turn out hap
pily C' " `ife--'t. ttlvs'i.e ha'¢. Jr only says
they We-e marricd."--N. Y. "eclkyh-.
Docron--"You cough more easily this
mllmnig.'' Patient-"I ought to; 1 prac
ticed alf night."-Hallo;
Po_ strengthening and clearing the voice,
uso "'Brown's BronchlialTroches.', "1 have
commercndced Ihemo to friends who ercre pub
lic sieakcrs, and they linive Proved extfihacd
ly sericcabl.ele."-- ev. Henry WVard Bcchler
AnL.arr every woman weoknow wvould like
to know what some other itoman lI ai6 got to
be so proud Of.-Atc:hison (ilobe.
The Skill and Knowledge
Essential to the production of the most tjir
feet and po ular Iakiativo remedy known,
have -r..l-~tl he California Fig Syrup Co.
to achieven ireat success in the relputation
of its remedy, STyrup of Figs. es it is con
ceded to be the umniversal laxative. For sale
by all druggists.
Looxrc. at itin a iractical way a con
genial soul is a bedfcU.-w who will agree not
to cat onions except when you do.-Athison
Globe.
OR.nmgnv beer is sold by the barrel, but
boclk. nortwithstaudinhg itd goat emblemis
not disposed of by the butt.-Philadepi
Times.
Great N'orolty Free.
A very unique and handsome nickle plated
box for c'arr'inlg pIosta-ge st.;llps in the vest
Ipo,'k't will he nm.tilcd freeo upon receiplt of
eight 'cu:lts fi-i plostnru. Stamps accelpted.
Address L. 13. Tnstva, A. 0. P. A., C. & O.
?l'y., Cincinnati, Ohio.
H.-I-"All the world loves a lover." She
(Ccntly)-"Except sometimes the girl the
over loves."--HareuIm Life.
REI'OI:TER--'. [ ha1Ve m StOry hero on hOerald
_ sditor. '--,Jmtlgo. "
iil W rit, vlro is olred at ghosts Is afraid
• ilt lii.·.-PlrEl~'~l]k,l 'lll -'lj l 
STALLUS FOR DAIRY. OOW&
An ,zeslent sma Tested Armanseiets
for Comfort and CleanUises.
The dairy world bas for ages been
experimenting upon hundreds of de
vices which might ti some manner add
comfort to the cow and at the same
time keep her absolutely clean in her
stall Just hew successful dairymen
have been in accomplishing this difB
cult feat is only proven by personal in
spection of their eattle. In few in
stances have they. been able to get the
construction of their stables perfect so
that their cattle show it from their ap
pearance It is exceedingly difficult,
indeed, to strengthen one weak point
without destroying the perfection of
another, and the only way to get any
thing that will prove satisfactory is by
experience.
No dairyman of experience will deny
that a cow allowed to besmirch herself
with her own droppings can do justice
to her owner, through the pail. I have
seen stables where the owners were
using every plan and device that they
could practically get on to, to prevent
the cows from becoming unclean, yet
in spite of plenty of bedding, stan
chions, deep and shallow ditches,and all
manner of complicated mangers, etc.,
the cows were "sights," looking more
like compost heaps, from their rear,
than a herd of sleek, profitable kino.
By no means have I always been so
successful as t3 boast at getting de
sired results until more recent years.
At every opportunity afforded I have
examined cow stables and as often got
some good ideas from such observa
tions, until I finally have, I think, ful
ly accomplished the feat of construct
ing a stable in which the cow is under
perfect control and is compelled to
stand so that her droppings must fall
directly into the ditch. She is mad to
occupy that particular position and
cannot move any further forward, but
can of course move backward into the
ditch or even across it, it so desired, by
making ghe tie-chain sufficiently slack.
The device can be best explained by the
accompanying illustration, which fully
demonstrates the plan of construction:
The ideas are not all my own, but a
combination of practical ideas procured
from others and so combined as to make
a very satisfactory and complete ar
rangement. My cows are, after months
of constant .confinement, perfectly
clean, and at no time have they been
otherwise, nor can they become any
thing else.
The floor is made from good inch oak
boards, doubled, with broken joints,
making it absolutely wind and water
proof, with a dip of twb inches to the
ditch. The distance from point A to
ditch is 614 feet. *
The ditch is liquid proof, being made
of two boards at the bottom, top one
16 inches wide and bottom one 20, with
two Sx8 plank resting on two inches of
the 20-inch board, or two boards, mak
ing that width, and nailed firmly to
the plank. The two inches of boards
on platform make the ditch 9 inches
COW STALLS IN USE AT kMAi'Li i'VAtiL"
FArIH.
C indicates % rod 18 inches long nailed to
post, with tie-chain and ring on it, allowing it
to slide with the movement of the cow's head.
deep. This I would not alter for one
narrower on less depth, as it allows the
tise of considerable litter in it for ab1
sorbents. The partitions are 3 feet 8
inches apart, 3 feet 6 inches from point
A horizontally,-and 4 feet high. The
feed trough is 16 inches wide in clear
and raised from floor by two 3x3 scant
l!ng .with di 7-inch board fronting the
cow, which allows her to lie down i ald
get up without discomfort. The long
stu .ding on partition are 2x4 oak, and
reach from platform to ceiling, while
the front ones are 3x3 inches and 4 feet
8 inches in height frdrii bottom of fend
trough to top. The top board is 10
inches wide and surfaced, with each
dow's ncane plainly chalked onin front,,
while the others are only -3; inches
and nailed just close enough to allow
the cow to get at her hay readily but
run down on the post within about 14
or 15 inches of bottom of feed trough.
This partition standing in front of the
dot*r is vWhat ecdrpels her to live a de
cent, cleanly existence. In two cnseas,
where two cows were some shorter
than the rest, the partition was nailed
to the opposite side of the post facing
the cow, which dad bee dtne to suit tho
size and length of any cow at will.
The width of hay manger at B3 is 16
inchites, and 8 feet deep, with no divi
sion except one foot from bottom of
feed troiifill.
Both feed trough and manger wPeBr
shaped for either hay in the rough or
cut, or for the feeling of ensilage. I
am sure anyone who desires a success
jul plan for a cow" Stabld cannot do bet
ter than to study the illustration and .
put to practical use the main feature in
it, that of forcing the animal to stand
'-rttie rWatited. It Ise par excellence
above the sttnchiou, both ii1 comfort
and for absolute cleanliness.-;George
1. Scott, in Ohio Farmer.
Stopping the 11019 Of tllk.
Don't dry off a milch cow too stid- :
denly. And when endeavoring to stop
thle flow of milk feed as little wet and
milk-making food as you can get on
with. Ignorant or inhuman owners of
good milkers frequently leave them
without milking entirely until the bag
becomes so distended as to be painful.
A little milk is then drawn and the
condition of affairs allowed to repeat
itself. The results are effectual as a
rule, but unquestionably damage the
cow materially in frequent instances.
Irregular, partial milking will dry even
a fresh cow, and naturally and painless
ly.-Farm Journal.
some Points Worth Consaldering.
In the dairy a good animal is the one
that will profitably convert feed into
milk, butter or cheese. In this, quan
tity is not the only consideration,
neither is quality. Both are important,
but the cost is rather more important
than all cli. There must be a liberal
quantity an.d the quality must be good.
At the same time both must be secured
at a cost tl.at will leave a fair per cent
of profit if rightly managed. And
there is more certainty of doing thus
with certaitn ,eeds than with otheraFa
Ruoral World.` ,;
WONDERS Of THE .HEART.
bloatso of Thais Er h Orgsn of tek
This highly importint -organ of the
human body, sometimes called the- co
partner sad co-laborer of the lungs, in
length is about the width of the own
ers hand, with the thumb, commencing
its labors a short time before the lungs
breathe. It contracts, in man, about
70 times each minute, naturally, being
a little more active in females, 75 each
minute, though in certain forms of dis
ease its labors are increased about one
third. This marvelous little engine
throbs and throbs, from birth to old
age-somewhat more rapidly in youth
--continually on the alert, at the rate
of 100,000 beats each day, 40,000,00(
each year, when the owner becomes
aged it may beat 3,000,003,000 times
without a stop-no vacations!
It has wonderful powers of endur
ance, marvelous vitality. (It has been
stated that the heart of a sturgeon, re
cently caught, if immediately removed,
will continue to Leat for four days, as
if alive!) So long as the human heart
has any action there is a possibilty of
a continuance of life. liuring a long
life it is estimated that it propels 500,
000 tons of blood, sending the same to
all parts of the body, to give life,
growth, vigor, endurance and health.
The same blood, after returning .from
the body, where it gathers up foul,
effete and poisonous matter, being sent
to the lungs for purification, the
warmth of the body being sustained by
this circulation. According to the
moderate estimates, two and a half
ounces of blood are propelled at each
beat, 175 ounces each minute, 656
ipounds each hour, 15,744 pounds each
day, or nearly eight tons.
The labor of other muscles, when
acting at a disadvantage, as when the
forearm is closed or one rises from the
knees, standing erect, is enough, yet
this small heart is a perfect marvel in
its daily toils. The force required for
a single contraction of the heart, a
long time since, was estimated at eight
pounds, which, in a day and night,
would be equal to more than that re
quired to raise to the height of a foot
more than 175 tons. A more recent es
timate is that it does the labor each 24
hours of raising to the height of a foot
about 125 tons. Why such an expendi
ture of force? This body, "fearfully
and wonderfully mriac," requires a
great deal of attention. The contrac
tion of every muscle of the lfdy, the
heart being prominent, produces,animal
heat, well illustrated by the warmth
which follows gener:al exeseise, while
it is the duty of the heart to send this
warmth, connected with the blood, to
every organ, bone, muscle and fiber of
the body, in addition to the distribu
tion of that produced by the action of
the oxygen taken from the air in the
lungs. In the absence of such constant
labors the warmth of the body could
not be continued at about 98 degrees, a
positive r cessity; growth and vitality
could not be promoted: nourishment
could not be made available; while the
repairs of the system would be impos
sible, such as are made necessary by
the constant waste, particle by par
ticle, of every part of the system, made
by general exercise. We may readily
admit that the "heart is deceitful above
all things, and desperately wicked,"
but it is not a siuggard, a 'non-pro.
nucer. "--Boston Traveller.
itt P
'"/
4'.,.
::r4
It the tollowin  etts bad been written
by fyour o best known and ost esteemed
neighbors they could be no more worthy of
your confldence than they now are, cgmng
as they do, from well known, intelligent, and
trustworthy citizens, who, in their several
neizhbdhoods,, enjoy the fullest confidence
an respect o all who know them. The
subject of the above potrait is a well
known and much respectelad Mrs. John
-. Foster, residing at No.33 Chapin Street,
Canaodaigua, N. Y. She writes to Dr. R.
V. Pierce, Chief Consulting Physician to the
Invalids' Hotel and iarrgical Institute
at Buffalo, N. Y., as follos : "I was
troubled with eczema, or salt-rheum, seven
years. I doctored with a number of
rou home physicians and received no
benefit whatever. I also took treatment
from physicians in Rochester, New Yor!
Philadelphia, Jersey City, Binghamton, an
received no benefit from them. In fact
c have paid out hundreds of dollars to the
docors without benefit. My brother came
to visit us tfrcl the West and he told me to
try Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery.
He had taken it and it had cured himn. I
have taken ten bottles of the '.Discovery,'
and am entirely cured, and if there should
be any one wishing any information I would
gladly correspond with them, if they enclose
return stampedenvelope."
Not less remarkable is the following from
Mr. J. A Buxton, a prominent merchant
of Jackson N. C., who says: "I had
been troubled with skin disease all my
life. As I grew older the disease seemed
to be taking a stronger hold upon me. I tried
many advertised remedies with no benefit,
untilI was led to try Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery. 'When I began taking
it my health was very poor: in fact, several
ersons have sincetold me that they thought
Shad the consumption. I weighed only about
125 pounds. The eruption on my skin was
accompanied by evere itching. It was first
conflhed to my face, but afterwards spread
over the neck and head, and the itching be
came simply unbearable. This was my con
dition when I began taking the 'Discovery.'
When I would rub the parts affected a kind
of-branny scale would fall off.
WHISKY AND TOBACCO
HABITS CURED AT HOME
IR 14 To 28 DAYS. Omedy Is rfctlJ sate-a child can take it.
Nothing mevers about treatmeenu. Booof partulars free. Corre
Iduuaoe IT IOTLY aoI inl1TlWt. Plain enveloeo used.. For
fe~~~~i~~.~~cFK!e IumA~~P~ol QrtseW~S ~U
Housekeepers
j Should Remember
The Government Chemists, after having analyzed
all the principal brands of baking powder in the
market, in their reports placed the "Royal' at the
head of the list for strength, purity and wholesome
ness; and thousands of tests all over the country .
have further demonstrated the fact that its qualities -
are, in every respect, unrivaled.
I44 Avoid all baking powders sold with a gift or
a prize, or at a lower price than the Royal, as they in
variably contain alum, lime or sulphuric acid, and
render the food unwholesome.
FASHIONS IN JEWELRY.
THE new silver toast racks indicate
that toast is in fashion.
MISTAnn pots of red glass set in per
forated silver with a silver cover are
new.
INTAGLIOs of sard set in gold are used
as double link sleeve buttons by peo
ple of artistic and quiet tastes.
NEw tiaras are built like crowns.
The centers are at least four inches
high. Talk about American queens!
Tui troublo with many of our poets is
that they mistake, their ioetic license for a
liquor license.-Atlanta Journal.
.Pimples -
Are tell-tale symptoms that your blood is not right-full of im
purities, causing a sluggish and unsightly complexion. A few -
bottles of S. S. S. will remove all foreign and impure matter,
cleanse the blood thoroughly and give a clear and rosy com
plexion. It is most effectual, and entirely harmless.
Chas. Heaton, 78 Laurel St., Phila., says:-"I have had for years a humor In
my blood which made me dread to shave, as small boils or pimples wonld be cot
thus causig shaving to be a great annoyance. After taking three bottles of
my face is all clear and smooth as it should be--appetite
splendid, sleep well and feel like runningoa foot race, all
from the use of S. S. S.
send for Trease on Stoomd nd Skin Dis . maied tr: . SWIFT SPECIFIO 00, AllTue, b.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS..
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
'or a while I saw no change or bonefit
from taking the 'Discovery,' but I persisted
in its use, keeping my bowels open by taking
Dr Pierce's Pleasant Pellets, .and tatlng as
much outdoor exercise as was possible until
I began tu gain in flesh, and gradually the
disease released its hold. I took during the
year somewhere from fifteen to eighteen bot
tles of the ' Discovery.' It has now been
four years since I first used it, and though
not using scarcely any since the first year,
my health continues good. My average
weight being 155 to 160 pounds, instead of
12i as it was when I began the use of the
'Discovery.' Many persons have reminded
me of my improved appearance. Some
say I look younger than I did six years
ago when I was married. I am now fort~
eight years old, and stronger, and enjoy
better Health than I have ever done before
in my life" Yours truly,
Thousands bear testimony, in equall stron
terms, to the efficacy of this wonderful rein
edy in curing the most obstinate diseases. It
-rouses every organ into healthy action, puri
fies, vitalizes and enriches the blood, end,
through it, cleanses and renews the w'hole
system. All blood, skin, and scalp diseses,
from a common blotch, or eruption, to the
worst scrofula are cured by it. For ttter,
salt-rheumn eczema. erysipelas, boils car
bunles, goitre, or thick neck, and
glands and swellings, it is an unequale
remedy. Virulent, contagious, blood-poison
is robbed of its terrors by the "Discovery"
and by its persevering use the most tainter
system renovated and built up anew.
A Book on Diseases of the 8kin, with col
ored plates, illustrating the various erup
tions, mailed by the World's Dispensary
Medical Association, Buffalo, N.  n
receipt of six cents for posta dr, a
Book on Borofulofns Disese, as HipOinint
Disease "Fever Sores," "White SBwellings,"
"Old bores," or Ulcers, mailed ,for same
amount in stamps.
A srwr doesn't get much done when work
ing around the house. Every few minutes
he is reminded of something for which he. -
must scold his wife, and that takes timer
Atchison Globe.
31MAx-A-"Robbie, why is it that you .
ways quarrel with the little girl nent doors"
Robbie-" 'Cause she won't ever hit l ".e
low like boys do."-Inter Ocean.
"'WHAt will you give me for a good lng
poem1" "Five minutes ! Skip?" . e.v"
land Plain Dealer.
PLusA5Ar, Wholesome, Speedy, for coughs
is Hale's -oney of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Curein one minute.
SosirEyns a man feels tie Ulghtest when
he has a heavy load on.-Glens Falls Repub
lican.
The Greatest fledical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDYS
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of. our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates *
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious It will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
S McELREES'
WINE OF CARDUI
For Female Diseases.
W. L. DOUGLAS .mi . .
equals custom work. ecstlg from
o to $6, b.e t valne for the money
the ,orld. Nsm ond ripe
stam~ped oIthe.bottom. -" verl
pair warranted. Take no substi
tute. See local papers for full
S desacr.tion of our comples
lines for ladlesand ga.
W·Jtiemen or mend for 1
tl l'~~strata d Casalcgwa
gf.vin-h
bowtbor.
der. Nmail. Postagee. eYou an getthe be
bwginsa of dealers who pAwh our shor.s
TOr 6O.L onst.dll. IRANIs no b toaske.
iwh She bwes ag l weap e
sold everywher. li..
A. N. K., F. 147
WEEK wriTine To Al TEUTU PrhO _
statsU I eta gus ~usw Sb. Ad 0ss) Pr