b ' 'mueG
"- -- ee -ev be i.
... I- s-ea-olt layat '
-. --
oes n wP ttt
at oie; B auriferi. 1zat for n.s
•iOa nds nes. i e.adaThe. 2a.
yatia n of a if.P~ro er t
a m ~e makemme diffmerencea
i nre the feature ofter tin
ye. cNo matter
ivbw you twist
Ste eye in plaes th
a roftah ame cnd d
"n-.dw Us, and N Ei sc i
yous Mother eot ase h.
St no t a compte; ten blackI e
-Abeasntaoa t DaLoro Beo.. Phiroma
0]
01
W ;WTith careful rotation ofcut
and liberal fertilizations,
Sleands reill imcprove. The in
cationof a proper ferti- '
cnpainsing nsufficient Pot-as f
iash tfen maktes the difference ag
'between a, profita Rea crop and S.
iliro. Use fertilizers contain- bo l
;rlot less f than 3 to 4% h e
aVctual Potash. ht
S-kinit is a complete specific tic
~ tp o inst ovus ee edt
ý+ Paun ets are not advertising ciretonrs boom.
Sald t IZe, l praticl .ork onta. •e
and neer ,f ates exepritntn in this line, au
otton farme shouldha coopy. They are i
fdr themor.h sei -sno rin his mu
; o eGERMAN KALT WORKS, rot
03 Nassad St.. Nat York.t
t;lt
The Greatest Medicalc Discovery BU
of the Age. cthe
a KENNEDY'S as
kEDI.ALDISCOVERY. q
OWD KENNEDY, ot ROXDURY, MASS., nn,
s discovered in one of our common 01w ]
tue weeds a remedy that cures every 1
ind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula p1t
~down to a common Pimple, it:
. -He 'has tried It In over eleven hundred rot
-=-uses, and never failed except in two cases Du
n--(both thunder humor.) ie has now in his ant
nossession over two hundred certificates tas
its value, all within twenty miles of ,h
'Boston. Send postal card for book.
s;. *A benefit is always experienced from the abi
*,bottle,and a perfect cure is warranted pry
e right quantity is taken. the
en the lungs are affected It causes rot
?, pains, like needles passing Pict
l Thi is caused btheductsbe. ,
iekartesr taking It. Readwtherlabel, a
4~6at l stomach Is foul or bilious itmwll Te p
iSqn m csh feelings at first. the
ge ofdletiever necessary. Eat tooi
U~d t you can get, and enough of it. thu
n :etablespoonful In water atbed- try
uolSold by all Drugi st o o
aATURenE'S oo i
~be8 ~n rwhthe periodoree ding iincl
dineaidndrthebmother. h
Bell-fttlngclothen, ada
bSrlieoton go through te r
Srahot ono thig to do-- moi
WlECF IMRBI hneeill
toha
on
"` sID
.reat l` of talkb abit road Si e
inrb. ..,and the belieft see-`ms to exist.
amlog elinksesthat thea
does not know eoiigh to w;tha -,e
needs better roads, snd that hence
there must be a campaign of edcation.
The farmer knows quite as well ate the
bicycle rider what he needp, and he
know* -much better that if the enatire
ifae. expense of. making a road that will
n please'. the bicycle people is to dfal-on
yon him_.bthe construction is out of the ques
tion. It would confiscate his farm to
"do it while it wo~ld idt cost the vast
na majority of the bicycle people a red
cent cent. The movement for good
roads is not primarily in the interest of
the farmer,. but in the interest of the
townspeople; and the townspeople have
a very much greater interest in good
roads than the farmer has. He could
othe live if the roads were so bad'that he
never could get to town. The trades
man could not. Chicago is deeply in
terested in having-good roads in this
county; the railroad, the manufac
turer, the merchant, all classes in the
cities, are -interested, and that being the
fact, the wealth and business enter
prises in the centers of population
AN ALLEGED ROAD NEAR CURWENS- b
VIILE, PA. S
should be taxed to aid the construction
of good roads in this county and every a
other portion of the state. We are a 14
great people to advocate good things.
If we had everything that we say we 3
should have we should be enjoying a d
civiliantion compared to which our pres- g
ent civilizationwould be a mere shadodwv.
lS, But nobody is willing to pay for secur- c
rle ing what everybody says we ought tor, o
r havre. I
J3et the state compel the conctruction b
Ot- of good roads, is repeated over and over
ilCe again by rich men, great corporations, cc
n pleasure seekers and townspeople gen- m
emrally. All right; but who is to pay the sc
.in- bill? Let anybody pay it, so I do not ki
have to, is the answer. ' Now we start m
out with the undisputed claim that it
would be profitable to the farmer if we ei
had better roads. We go still further, tl
and make the assertion that it is prac- pI
fiC tical to have good roads without great- Si
ly burdening the farming corimunity. gs
In the first place, it will probably be m
ngenerally admitted that not one man in or
line. a hundred who has charge of the roads vi
knows any more about the science of J2
road building than a Choctaw knows of
kthe principles of the Christian religion.
B3uild up the center and perhaps cut
ditches on the sides. That is the begin- Ga
ning and end of our road construction
as a rule. That it does not work is
abundantly proved by the condition of ce
our roads. Something more is re in
quired. The advocacy of state and te
S county snperintendents of ronds, these to
n officials to be practical road builders or
ry engineers, involves the correct princi- a
a ple of road construction, inasnmuch as see
it recognizes the. fact that to construct pr
red roads requires a practical kpnowledge:.
ses But such a system would Ibe expcnsive be
his and pretty sure to become a political an
tes tax-eating machine. The people, if I
f understand their temper, are not favor- of
he able.to an increase of the offices. The pr
ted practical thing to do is for the people ini
themselves to learn the art of proper lot
;es road construction, and this is not dif
ng ficult. IPerhaps there is nothing in the stt
or ordinary, affairs of life that conies into n
ka existence so much from chance and al- to
ways remains about as it is first made in
lig as a road or street. In the west, where ing
the roads are so often run on the sec- of
3at tion lines, there is a little more system thn
it, than in the older portions of the coun- au<
ed* try. ter
The crook in the road remains, and
we waste time and horse muscle in trar
eling the crook. The orignal hill will i
remain for a century, as it it did not ma
cost anything to pull a load uphill. Yet toc
the principle of draught anybody can gla
underst and, and the importance of easy -u
ng inclinations in roads anybody can conm- pe
Sprehend. For instance, the force nec- of
essary to ]raw a wagon which with its wh
by load weighs six tons along a level mac- sor
is, adam road is Z64 pounds. But on a road two
he writh an ascent of one foot in 70 the for
in- force required is 456 pounds. Hills. her
ag then, mean less weight to a load and roc
more trips or a larger nlumber of horses tha
to the load. It requires no civil engi- dis:
Ieer at a high salary to decide that the to
hill is unprofitable, and it requires no itel
high engineering ability to reduce the ace
as incline; and yet the permanency of wi]
be hills in the road would indicate that mei
nobody ever thought of removing or re- ale
dncing them, and that mobody knew Rev
how to do it. Then it would be an insult
_ to the intelligence of any farmer to sa
| to him that the only way to construct r
ent roads is by the use of stone, its
or gravel, or iron. The state does not om
-need toemploy engineers to tell people for
.|.gt; -and. comparatively little study 0M,
ould einble any supervlsor to build a carl
bad out of any ofthese materials. - 100,
The qulietion asxto what kind of stone nee
is -best. night not be generally under- n[e
of,. Ligo estone is too soft, though elu
4r cities a great many streets are staI
If wed with limestone. But it will oi
ot ~ciitndaioan t teaminet. The hard- r 3Yg
o Letone the better; and now the ing
gdon -of a good road consists of veer
tega of rhrd, tough stone orion e
o be proa deefrm or, toi
[fic~;- tidt aegodraswthu ra-s
ly urdaig te armng onznuit..· ·.·
must be kei dif and out of the road.
Th ~ r ia , Iept., maa-eodrainage is by
-dtche ,on each side, 'and ordinarily.
te this methiod' w UI "anwar Ill purposes.
,If t.ing is' reorted to it is governed by
!on. the same rule a field drainage.
Ithe As it is prasetically out of-the ques.
ho tion :to .make an artificial foundation
ir for the o~rdinary road, the natural four,
dation. will depend, for solidit on
Ion thorough drainage. As to the cost
ues- This depende so muehon circumstances 1
that an estimate that will do for all
ast sections of course cannot be made. The.
red railroads should carry the material for I
r roadmaking free. That is as little a
tof they could do to Improve their great
the and vitally important feeders--the com
mave mon highways. The agricultural de- f
v partment at -Washalgton gives it out
sId that some of the railroads have agreed
he to do this, while others have consented I
Sea- greatly to reduce the cost of trans
in- portation. There is one way that the t
this state could constriiuct roads cheaply, as 1
fac- far as the labor would go. That is to
tbus employ convicts for roadmnaking. We .
the have an army.of these people,-and there a
t ir- s a fierce opposition to their employ- e
:ion ment in any kind of labor that will com
pete with outside mechanics. Here Is s
an opportunity to employ them" on
work that competes with nobody, for a
nobody wants to do this kind of work. e
Let the state provide the machinery t
for crushing stone and have the con- d
viets do the work.-John l. Hobbs, in a
Farmer's Voice. a
ORCHARD AND GARDEN. o
Give verbenas a rather rich but light 6
soil.
Soil and location will change the s
character of fruit.
In setting out strawberry plants be i
sure to spread the roots out evenly. a
In pruning trees of any kind it is bet- It
ter to have ode 'strong limb than two h
~}weak ones.
Thoroughly ripe, fresh fi nit is pleas- h
ant to the taste, cooling to the system, a
nourishing and laxative. Ii
The grape is inexpensive to plant, P
bears early, is productive and easily v
managed.
ion It is a good plan to plant out a few
,ry apple and peach trees every year to
ea keep up the supply of fruit.
gs. Cultivation of young trees, for some
we years after planting, is an essential con- at
fa dition of their making a vigorous al
es- growth. he
av. Now is a good time to make grape m
ur- cuttings. Let each cutting have three ul
to or four eyes and be planted in a dry, t
loose soil, so that only the top bud will fo
on be exposed. ne
'er One reason why plants do not sue- at
is, ceed in window culture is lack of hu- to
n- midity in the air. The principal rea- da
he sons why plants so often do well in a on
ot kitchen window is because there is
Lrt more moisture in the air. In
it Make cuttings of young wood about sa
ve eight inches long with a bud close to Ti
°r, the lower end, stick them into well- to
C- prepared soil in rows three feet apart. ue
it- Stick them at an angle of about 45 de- he
:y- grees, as in this way the soil will settle tol
be more firmly about them. Leave only mi
in one bud above the surfpce. Then cover p
s with straw or forest leaves.-St. Louis
of Republic
of
n. ROADS IN MICHIGAN. de
ut pl
n- Governor of the State Appears Intereated clt
>u in the Movement.
is Delegates to the road parliament re
of cently held at Atlanta, Ga., went home he
P. in most instances with a stronger de- -
ad termination to follow up the road agi
se tation in their several localities.
3r In Hastings, Mich., it has resulted in
4i- a revival of good-road interest which sa
is seemed to call for something more mni
at prompt than the passing of laws. ch
A large sum of money'has already
ce been raised by vol untary subscriptions Pi
al and active work was begun last week. yo
I The matter was considered enough en
r- of an event to warrant a number of
ie prominent business men in going out
Ic into the country and shoveling the first yo
'r load of gravel.
f- At Lansing there is a movement asl
Lc started, backed by the Michigan dele- as
. gates who went to Atlanta, which looks -]
I- to the calling of a convention to be held
Le in that. city for the purpose of discuss
c ing the subject of an improved system
of roads for Mlichigan. It is understood
I that the governor will issue the call ba
1- and that the outcome is likely to be in- T
teresting. he
Growing Vegetables Under Glass. bar
ii It seems certain that the growing of
it many of our field crops, such as pota- n
t toes, cablbage, etc., will be largely under for
a glass ,jn the future. It is expensive, our
y but there are so many thi'ngs that com
t- pensate for the outlay that it is one Che
of the reliable investments. Even him
v when a cheaper transportation for ou
:-southern-grown products shall have WE
1 tben secured, there will yet be reasons lde
e for forcing houses in the north. Such W
a. houses will not only be fitted with glass D
i roofs, but also with wire screens, so scti
Sthat in the summer the glass may be auW
- dispensed wvth, the screens being used
a to keep out bugs and birds. The one H
item of crop destruction by insects is
3 a costly one, and the saving in this alone sh
i will pay a fair per cent. on the invest- aoo
I ment. The protection from frost is one
- also worth looking after.-Farmers' l
SReview. o
I frol
WVht Oar Dalyr Prodonets ost. ig
. To supply the demand for milk and
its products in this country, 15,000,000
[ cows are required. To furnish food sa
for them, the cultivation of over 60,
000,000 acres of land is required, In o
elcaring for the cows and their milk, pos
100,000 men and 1,000,000 horses arem o
Sneeded. Cows and horses consume an
nusally 80,000,000 tons of hay, 90,000,000
bushels of cornmeal, and the same
Samount of oatmeal, 275,000,000 bushels
of oats, 12,000,000 bhnshels of bran, and
3.0K00.000 bushels of corn, to say noth- t
inlg of the brewery and questionable
feed of various kinds that is used all
over tbho etntry. It costs $400000,0t00
to feed thoe c~ws up I e---4 4 p"
stead to he os Woeahmenr;
obs I~s new
a - 'r- -,P · . ..
mees by ro-of lre ronterviewiohs mu thueror l
he coldr notre.ltro the mono y of •'th.
P Wiasflh. Ps 0 Someeot youar readers
st monhing .b ' hat tota live ns ue t I
. by a- wha was the s cmatter wothis ybesR'
na- yý yesd I a give oe set satnd e s
tio Tyhe reposer abbed his notebook a t
)un- asked Mr. W b Rito proceed.
rk ort-ita mmt e e " be began. c
Tel o m
The re oter bsecame ecitedly interestgd.
acontinued Mr. Wriht, "I bave
ties ot t I n ber-of interviews in the-oc -. a
oall seias b w dth-p oele who have oexperienced i
remblack sable results from the use of r.
toe but whe ynou have heard mystory,
ibeat you will Conclude that thos cures arc co
omm "And e what was the matter with yourt'
- asked the reorter doubtin that the robust t
out form s sandi in ronu of him hadoever a I r
reed "I dona know, n' said MrI. Wright, "and
teo mover found sa ibody ewho daid. It was in
ins- 18i, when I was ust 4 years of age, that m
Mamek spotsegonto br out onmy hend d
the thenrmyiaceiad ihen over my boy,unt
e, Ibecamea walking huma leonard. I bhad ti
yto lost some near latives, s my erves bo
w meerealbat.soed I ias tha most ulneasy, t
We stless, irritdble, aensitivepersonyou have
mere ever seen. Ir was moonly miserable my- S
Ioy- s rl, but made eveybody around meli
erablo. I was nearly crzy ; thought I had S1
m- leprosy and was losing m mind. I could
e is not sleep to save my life. I had no appetite
"nT.he ort..al cauhse of my ailent was T
for over-ork and over-heat, having over Cx- m
ork. erted myself by liftin in hot weather and
ry this wasL augmented by a case of malaria d
and the loss of my wife. The strained ten
dons were cured but I had become so nerv- d
, in os and my blood so thin and appetites so
was when the black spots came. In
"Ater realizthing my condition I started d
out to cure myself, if it shonld tare aulth is
property I had. I consulted the local phy- f
ht sicians and they were unablo to phase thee
black spots or cure my insomnia. Iowcut os
to Kansas City and consulted the noted tb
the specialists with the same result. I then fo
kept a druggist busy ordering every patent
medicinethat my friends recommended. It h
be was the same thing mad my misery grew an
ad ac. and I felt hie taking 'toug on
e ats. Finally, I noticed an article, copied
- in The os urtitetloa from another paper, tell
dwo ing of the cure of a mn from nervous pros
tration by Dr. Wiliams Pink Pills. Icon
eluded to try it, and you see the result." and
as- Mr. Wright showed his clear-skinned hands c
'in and arms and his line complexion. or,
living testimonial to the efficacy of Pink mnl
.nt, Pills.
lly 'I began to improve the frtweek. That f
was a year ago. Now I have a craving ap- Pr
petite, can sleep nine hours without miss
ew Img a wink and have not boon tronbled
to ith nervousness for nine months. That's D
my miracle. Is it not prth tolling to. the th
world i' pa
me The reporter acknowledged it was mira
unous and the interview ended. A fewl
stanns of brownish tint can still Ae reBog
us nized on Mr. right's body but otherwise sio
he is a perfect specimen of ealthy looking the
manhood.
Ipe Dr. Willioms' Pink Pills are not looked le
ee upon ass patent medicine, but rather as a
y prescription. analysis of their proper- ole
ties sows that they contain, in condensed to
i or, all the elements necessary to give TI
new life and richness to the blood and re
stre shattoeed nerves. They are an un- lo
Salling spocl for such diseases as locomo- -
I- tr ataxia, partial paralysis, St. Vitus' fly
a- dance, sciatica, neuralgia, r eumatism, nerv
ous headachen the after effects ofi ie, on
palpitation of the heart, pale and sallow bo
is omplexions, and the tired ee lng resulting kn
from nervous prostration, all diseases re- t
t suiting rom vitiated .humors in the blood,
such as scrofula, chronic o-erysipolas, etc. -
to They are also a specifc for troubles peculiar eve
- to feinal such as suppressions, irreulari- ad
rt. tes and s llorms o weakness. They build
Cup the blood, and restore the low of Ye
le- health to pale and sallow cheeks. They are let
lc for sale by all druggists, or may be had by bal
lymail from Dr. Williams' Medicine som
pany, cchenectady, N. Y., for So per box,
er orsix boxes for e o.0.a
is hoa
fls' Poin- of ViewO. ol
Old Dr. Grimshaw (to medical atu- ona
dent)--And now, remember that to a lad
physician humanity is divided into two nal
ad Pelasses.
Student-And what are they, doctor? -I
- Old Dr. Grimshaw-The poor whom fire
tI he cures and the rich whom he doctors. Ki
e--N. Y. World. (am
,i- V.e
Uenews Even. ilea
In "You can claim first blood, anyhow," -
bh said the early customer at the meat get
re market, who had leaned up against the -I
chopping-block and soiled his clothes. Mr
° "Yes, sir," replied the butcher, slap- con
i ping a fresh steak on the scales, "but I v
you've got the first round all right nat
h enough."-C-:hicago Tribune. -
if Wlfel Sotliciude. o
it Watts-Does your wife object to mo
it your poker playing? bus
Potts-Oh, not violently. All she left
it asks of me is that I will start for homne T
-ns soon as I find myself a good winner.
re --Indianapolis Jourzal. tha
Ii
d "No; but she has a prepossessing
bank account."--uek. thu
Tan class in natural history being aska -
thedifterene between a dog anda tree, thb ske
head boy answered: ,A tree iscovered with wo
bark, while a dog seems to be lined withit."
Mow's This t
L We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward epl
r for any case of satarrh that can not be lola
cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.
F. J. 1Im~N Cau& Co, Props., Toledo, O.
W me, the undersigned, have known F. J.
e Cheney for the last 1l years, and believe En1
, him perfectly honorable in all business atyl
transactions and financially a.le to carry
i Wrt & Tauhx, Whoicsale Druggists, To-die
h -WAL Oe, Kuclu1 Msavnv, Wholesale
Druggists, Toledo, Ohio.
Hall'sCatarrh Cure is taken internally, you
a acting directly upon the blood nnd mucous ab
Ssurfaces of.the system. Price ?e. per bot
tie. 80ol by all Druggists. Testimonlal
c Hall's Family Pills are the best. les
Tre look on any married woman's face
e should convince the girls that themenare ed;
not worth the exertion necessary to catch beti
a one.-Atchison Globe
Iw a praying machiae were invented many
would use f tdidnot take too much time ay
from businems to wind it up.-Texas 1t- brem
The Pilgrim.
. (Holday N9umber.) Full of bright TI
I sketches-prose1 poetry and llustrations
-by bright wr.as and artists. Entirely
originl, new and entertainng. Nailed free bye.
to any address on recipt of six (O)ents in bef
* oF, 0 ubllst0r , 416sr 4 Old Colony bulldin& Tn,
Foxn Pian"y--"! wish, Bobby that i
cold be a little boy again." Bobby--" Al
wish you cOuld--lttler ha me" the .
I is no sure siga that thewmtisapoe -
tabed country becaue so manF people To i
the plains. _ _
1Brcu'a) lro dhnl Thels" area simple
reud ~ and give imigediat and sure tsejio 5
w-g a5-tg wetI
ii..rL fl :e;to ebers of ar newl
w gr milrs eity to toe of t-wher"
seI oe, civil, eletica arelabot 0,000 Germehan
estin the Un miteding and l will
beost t bthey foreign people of very slen
w , ira h r s a ow b eiin formed in 'Jewish 'syp s
i ,e r meo s, bu nder U th name ofh Doaughter
s' ter ieL,00 fo the varmbers oraf circles
wear similaren badges to t. Lut the
hf Proes t Ph elph nd ew Jerrhod.
S -ety, toare ab 000migrants aermand to
ined Baptiucetin the United Statern For stathe
wher means, good cheapbut landst year they contrib-had.
aer -Two Jews of Badad have pur*
rey chamsed ]Jaylon, and now own nl1 that
Sremd 62,ins000 or the various and hranhes ngof
sad their-home mission work.
gardens of the citytiv wheref LDanielthwra
throchewns in Philaden of lio and ShadNew Jer
bare sey recently organized a colonization
Con society, toesh assist Abednemigro ints andto to
aced induce them to settle in eastern states,
D where god chern p land- may be d.
rr -Two Jdetachmentws of agthedad halv pron
ary, chased. Babylon, and now own all thatid
Mi- remains of the palaces nd hanretedging
ar'r gardens of the city: where Daniel wai
bust thrown into the den of lions and ShaUnied
SrStath, Meshah and bednego into the latest report
ofd fithe ommisoner o education, thefurnae.
sitheologi -calA detachment of the beSalvation
that Army has reached Tokyo and is said
R to have been well received by the na
had ties. Ths windterminrationref themem 18,0
rgs hers to dress i Japanese garb and tsities, 4,9
say, live as the Japanese live has created a
a ve goodimpression.
of w-Amog the graduatyings in the United8,1
ld States,3 accordine, to the 7,tet repo urt
otfider the commiosophler of education. here
theological students o evlead, theolo being
as 838 oflas thesear. 770erlaw withudents, 4,91 ha
and medical, 3 394 pharmacists and 2,851
aria dental graduntes.
the la-Thiresinter ther are 28students then
or- w dents in the orderman universities, 4and
SBonnf whomare studying theolog 41, 8,has the
law, 8,31 medicne me ahiloe 7,with19 re n
ted de the philosophical faculty. Therfe
the is a distinct falling off in the number t
tion of stuolident o ePhvangelicadel theolog Rec
ut over lastyear. Berlin's Jith 4,285mon haswork
rted the lrgest nmber of cheks ntar then
atn follow in order Mnich, Leipsic and
It Bonn. while Ristock, with 413, has the h
sizew malltst attendance. P
on
pied WIT AND WISDOM.
belthe size he thinks he isBoston Bul
os-l -sciious-ettle me alone with my
:on- thoughts Cynicus-What pcrfec·
ads ton of solit knode-Phildelphia Rec
ord.
s -A Snap.-"Where's Jimson work.
k lTeanoher-?" How isn't workingse there's
bat found a sitnation, a."-Dtroit Freey
ap- Press.
led First Debutante-My cheeks are all
led ony three pairs econd Debutante -s; how many
the thought there waso thatsmll of burning
pathe fih-Town and Country Journal.
Visitor-But this portrait of Mr.
MY Bulger is a good deal more than life
i-s size. Artist-I know it. That is
Lug the size he thinks he is.-Boston Bul
rev-Spence (indicti gvely)-I've an
er- old score to settle with youface?. FerViu
Ssonlet (blithe worldy)-I -know the kind ofyou have.
re- That twenty you have owed me so
m- lone.-N. Y. Herald.
to- -Teacher-Now suppose there were
five boshe's going skating and they had
only three pairsof sk adtes;tis how many
mm' boys would have to look on? Boy-i
.g knowt; the two that got the worst of
-Only the fiht-Halfrper's ound Tablen
dream -uso mband-Don't you know that
far every time a woman gets angry slumen
i adds a wrinkle to her face? Wife
lesi
of Y- guess it wise provision of nature to
e comet the world knw the kind of hueon,
by band she's got-Photos and Sktcheiss
m- Stronmind Ann-ayoming on I'astus, dont hear Way.
down furniturShe store is advuttisin' ma
hogany adies' rockers uried a widower. Yo
ot to eas it m one 'astus-Git you
- i one nufin. You pposet no mahogany
a aytw;yomans ebony-Philadelphia Jour
-o nal.
-Only the Half-Old Maiden Aunt
r? poo-InVenice at last One-hal of the
m dream of my youth is now fulfilled!
l. iece- Why only halfr auntie? Aunt
(sighing)-I contemplated going to
Venice on my wedding ye the our.-Blumen
lese.
saidMrs. Ferry-Dear, that necktie i
wor getting frightfully seedy. Mr. Ferry
te -I guess it will do for a week or two.
Sreplis. Ferry-Don, eornte Ferry i yo don't
come home to-night with a new tie on,
dent I will buy you one myseltar.-Cincin
it nati Enquirer.
-Changing her Tne-"Hoesidingw is Miss
Stroygmind coming on? I don'tlhear
of her advocating woman's rights any
more" "Shehas qufor itwoman's rights
business and taken up with woman's
Slefts. Shehas married a widoom her.ope
IC Texas Siftings.
r. lessly. ton-Isuppose you imagine
th "ao, it cwman is dever be," shloe murmith your
like "t can never bh A barrier risesn on about
between us-aton Transurmountble bar
-Srier."iC-A ye the same mon
SidHe laughed iDolan indignthat easntly, "thatow-me
any-kind-of-ay, -tollin'g-old -im thot you til-I.ed
d repliedThat one utterance conveyed the ido
pression that he madinge specialty of
Sbreaking down bof xpresi sentthevery mornllowing
tbefore breakfasndwitty note to a refractor.
"I clnt who wouldbe much," he plembto hed.is
"rTell me iteds nature, that I mayment fcrs
it out of existence" you paythe inlosed
oAgain she gaobliged hope I ly aroundot I
the room.glanced about the romhope
SNPeople it can the houses for blohem andmrmr
b betwelocks heard through the night a soundbar
wetted tluhedt it was th man kayking ho-ma.
h any-kind-o-a-tough-old- barrier- till-I
i wyel~r~yuwar4--l,-. Y' WwIa
w irtpa It a
ustrU ami55i abIotf oO
We true work of art I s but the shadow
e divine perfe._ion.-__I__hel Agel_
A ta- an Bishould noit sats her arth--t
ew shouldf te acbove Iw.-Te ompsle tgs.
a jury nt. Wht' jry dmb. ures.
a o n withn- "Wh newold wahld tell doo
a s what timone oit isaTeas mt that it
takes twelveay men to pr.-Tupper..
S.th ey on f onn.e streets.
posses tsore work of nlyrt a hoIs but the sadow on
e the divine perfetion dev.-Mhae Aspelo.
1l
. A Lmv man shold not wnt ra earth-nd po
bh should be above it. -Texas Sitings.
UEAvuW Is nover deaf, but when a man's
a hearty soon overtaes dumb.-er.leHunts.r.
Tan man with a new gold watch seldom
Stnowsrue dangt time it wheni-Teay is ngs.
SA eon book s the bust of friendntnd thes
same to-day and forever.-Tupper.
s PA nstnc i.te feelinkey of onteat pe.
LI horet.
S often woresigr t oton ets waves Its prondes
5 possessor only a choice of ovils.-Colton.
FIvxnT inordinate cup is unblessed, az4
Sthe ingredient.isa devil.-Shakespeare.
n IDTous travels very slowly, and pov
d erty soon overtakes her.-Hunter.
STn true danger is whow liberty is nib.
usp bled awayithout orprejupedient, and by prts-olve
c Burke.
STa instnctiveows relingch by seemireang pe
is often rvisnr than its wisest men.-Kea.
d auth.
W Tos a ma(on Swis strinn ake)- harps anyone
a ever been drowned In this lake?" fower
the st"O yes, but only tourists."for -Flicenstrude
Blaetter.
SLn. teahen it bow to cainishedrry it shllings bel
spso wheithoreut prejudice till you reso diamonds
-Bacon.
A found"asked grows rich by seeoming poor;dy elses
extravagant man groua poor by seeming
rlch.-Shenstone.
Wa rL a man is stringing a harp, he tries
the strings, not for music, but for construe.
tion. When it Is finished it shall be played
for melodies. God is fashioning the human
I heart for future joy.-Boecher.
"PAPA, whoro are the most diamonds
found?" asked Willie. "In somebody else's
hand when they are trumps," growled
papa, who'd beenlhaving hard luck t whist
;oper's Bazar.
The The TTo
Best. Rest. Test.
There are two kinds of sarsaparilla: The best-and the
rest. The trouble is they look alike. And when the restr
dress like the best who's to tell them apart P Well, "the tree
is known by its fruit." That's an old test and a safe one.
And the taller the tree the deeper the root. That's another
test. What's the root, -the record of these sarsaparillas ? The
one with the deepcst root is Ayer's. The one with the richest
fruit; that, too, is Ayer's. Ayer's Sarsaparilla has a record of
half a century of cures ; a record of many medals and awards
culminating in the medal of the Chicago World's Fair, which,
admitting Ayer's Sarsaparilla as the best-shut its doors against
the rest. That was greater honor than the medal, to be the only
Sarsaparilla admitted as an exhibit at the World's Fair. Itf ou
want to get the best sarsaparilla of your druggist, here's an
infallible rule : Ask for the best and you'll get Ayer'a. Ask
for Ayer's and you'll get the best.
As One Woman
To Another:
S4Every Monday morning for two years I've used
CLAIRETTE SOAP -always makes the
clothes pure and white without hard rubbing
have my washing done by nine o'clock. This
soap leas never .harmed the most delicate
colors in my summer dresses, so it must
free from all acids. I do wish you
would send down to the Grocer
and get a cake to try on your
next washing-day. You will
Sfind a perfect Laundry Soap.
, Sold everywhere. Made only by
The
° N5. K. Fairbank
Company,
St. Louis.
DUNOAN'S LINIMEN E the OLD reliable
TESTED REMEDh
DUCAN'S mLatiNIM Headache, Toothache,
Rheumatis n PAINS generlly.
o. W. GUNTER, a CLr~T aLL.. have found DUNCA'PS LIIKEIT
to be the best remedy for Pains generally x ever saw."
FOR COLIC IN HORSES and MULES It Is a "DEAD HOT." -
w. _. MA UACTzxU 00.. ,vr.to .., -,s.',r .. ='rmx..
Don't Tobacco
Spit and Smoke
Your Life
Away! ý ý -to
,X ot loat,
;:` toas dal de
u>Mol a mun ,0^1
~ll 4~ 16 C ~dO
Do :you.
I ww ý.
T3aw AZDMO.. Pspi. Gum1A hm5 L:
T ake Vaii;' awl_
wfd r pIri~l
yr-aipe~ea ot--Ite'''' '
Iarrlbum. Iti ubmPsr am
as
Stfa ý ýq~l 7ýw~s.
qk
m. a a inmtbWin
Iaoaiw Ifa~ alpo US lb.inal Iu.. -1
Itranks casi s ?lrngas a a ooue.. muS tCi
teaseYREE.CIIA$. ARIIALLJ L.kp I.7.'
bdw: ·rr U18i Uslbw salr H rmSrj.
i9E» fsI na: a smU
OPIUM 'iJS'
A. N. S., F. 1583
WEEK WRITUIBQ N0 AIIV IZISZW.S PLE*
stat. tIhat Tr saw the Ad.wrUtteuin w thb
'a.-.