a.but it wOt n'be taken as
n ho stew.-Cheaeter (Pa.)
Laman never realizes how much
aiture he owns until he tries to
:Walk rapidly through his house in the
Sdark.--E tofle Belge.
-If men were as ungallant during
courtship as they are after marriage, it
is doubtful if more than one in ten
thousand could ever get a wife.--lam's
Bora.
--"That was an awfully queer thing
aboutJack Watson's marriage." "What
;do you mean?" "*Why, he married the
girl for love, when she had lots of
money."
-The people who abuse this world
most vehemently while enjoying all its
privileges are generally the ones who
raise a great fuss over dying.-Wash
ington News.
-Bacon--"So you have been up to
Niagara falls? Did you hear the
mighty roar of the cataract?" Egbert
-"No; I. had my wife with me."
Yonkers Statesman.
-Cattle Dealer (looking at an oil
painting)-"Alle Wetter! Two thou
sand marks for the two oxen! That is a
lot, and they are lean into the bar
gain!"-Hunmoristisches.
-Florence--"Do you know anything
about swinging :dumb-bells?" Charley
-"Well, I guess I do; I had to dance
four times with that horrid Miss Flintly
last night."-Inter-Ocean.
-The idea of employing pretty wom
en- for bill collectors looks feasible, but
it would not work. The delinquent
debtors would all want them to call
again.-Somerville Journal.
-Workman- "Are you in favor of
the eight-hour movement, my friend?"
Tramp (in tones of disgust)-"Do I
look like a chap as was in favor of any
kind of movement?"--Comic Cuts.
-Hicks-"Smiddle's wealth, I dare
say, is wholly due to his own unaided
efforts." Wicks-"On the contrary,the
most of it is due to his creditors; but
they'll never get any of it."-Boston
Transcript.
-Two Wishes.-Adoring One (in lav
ender kids and a blue scarf)-'Oh. how
I wish that I were that book you clasp
so lovingly!'.' She--"How I wish you
were, so that I could shut you up."
Yankee Blade.
-Not to be Overlooked. - Bire
"There are at least sixteen things
about your sugar I like." Grocer--"Ah,
and what are they?" Bire-"The num
ber of ounces to the pound."-Detroit
Free Press.
-A Burst of Grief.-Rounder-"What
book is that you are weeping over."
Old Soak--"Paradise Lost." Rounder
-"What do you find in that to weep
about?" Old Soak (bursting out afresh)
-"It is-s all about 1-lost spirits."
Truth.
-Diner-"Waiter." Waiter - "'Yes,
sah." Diner--"Can't you take my or
eler? I've been waiting ten minutes."
-aiter""I ain't de gentleman wat
waits on dis yer table, sah. De other
gentleman'll be heah in a minute,
sah."-Boston Courier.
-Miss Kulscher--"'fr. Nibbler, do
you write for the papers still?" Mr.
Nibbler-'"No; I found it didn't pay." I
sold a story to an editor for a sovereign
five years ago. and then spent three
pounds buying the paper before it was
oublished."-Tit-Bits.
0S3C E1rJJOY1
Both the method and results when
Syrup of Figs is taken; it is pleasant
and refreshing to the taste, and acts
gently yet promptly on the Kidneys,
Liver and Bowels, cleanses the sys
tem effectually, dispels colds, head
aches and fevers and cures habitual
constipation. Syrup of Figs is the
only remedy of its kind ever pro
duced, pleasing to the taste and ac
ceptable to the stomach, prompt in
its action and truly beneficial in its
effects, prepared only from the most
healthy and agreeable substances, its
many excellent qualities commend it
to all and have made it the most
poplar remedy known.
Syrup of Figs is for sale in 500
and S1 bottles by all leadinp drug
gists. Any reliable druggist who
may not have it on hand will pro
cure it promptly for any one who
wishes to try It. Do not accept any
substitute.
CALIFORNIA FI SYRUP Ca
FAN 84500, CAL.
£O0wllul.E. Fn. AEW YORK& U.S.
HORSES OR MULES?
Is guaranteed to Oure
in Every Case.
ZIar, Miss, Feb. t, ISgo.r
DasSass:-4 do not want to be withoat a
supply ofyour Enmmett'a Colic sand Dots Care as
"o0g as I own an animal subject to tbe above
mased diseases. Am - a farmer, _wmer asS
baoederof horses, cows and hogs. r have used
lJL mclfl in ood number of cases. and in
lcrff ktfo. uosd it fully as good as .rcoin
L eJmeze is an increasn_ demand ort it
S. .*inUai the farmers. Yours.,
,+ .,:_°:Z' "2+ * .: ft
tead J.a-re- eggs, one. cup
oi sugar, one quart of milk, one table
spoontfaof corn stamch, one teasponful
vanilla, a small pn.of salt. Beat the
sugar and eggs tog ier mix in the
other ingredients awe and bake on one
crust. This makes wo plea-Boston
Budget
Boiled Apple Dumpling.-Prepare
your paste. Cut into squares, and fill
as for baked dumplings, chopping finely
the apples that they may cook more
readily. Put each dumpling into a bag
or cloth and tie, leaving room for it to
swell. Drop the bag into boiling water,
and boil steadily for an hour. Serve
the dumplings hot with sauce. A good
sauce is made by mixing butter, brown
sugar and cinnamon. -Ladies Home
Journal.
-Vegetable Soup-For this I always
buy a "ten or fifteen-cent shin" of beef,
because there is so much marrow; put
on to cook in cold water at nine o'clock;
at half-past eleven o'clock have ready
four potatoes quartered, or smaller if
preferred, two onions, a double handful
of cabbage chopped fine, one carrot
grated, two tomatoes, and a small red
pepper. Lift the beef out on your meat
platter, and serve the soup at twelve.
Ohio Farmer.
-Molasses Cup Cake. -One teacupful
each of sugar and sweet milk, two
eggs, three teacupfuls of flour, half a
teacupful butter, a pinch of salt and
one teaspoonful of soda dissolved in one
teacupful molasses; flavor with a tea
spoonful each of cinnamon and ginger.
Bake in shallow cups or gem pans. Try
it and see if there is enough flour; if
not, add as much as needed, but they
lose their excellence if too stiff.-Orange
Judd Farmer.
-Potato Pats-Make mashed potato
into thin pats while it is warm, and
these can be fried in various ways-by
dipping in beaten egg and fry
ing in butter, by dipping in egg
and then in corn meal and
frying in butter, or simply frying
after bacon or salt pork. They are also
delicious placed on a buttered pan in
the oven and basted often with dripping
from a beef or mutton roast, and placed
around the roast when served.c-Coun
try Gentleman.
-Graham Gems.-In my estimation
Graham gems are better made without
eggs. My manner of making them is
easy and is also inexpensive. Take one
pint of thick, sour milk in which is dis
solved a small teaspoodful of soda or
saleratus, a half cupful of sugar (they
are good without sugar; some prefer
them without); add a little salt, stir in
graham flour until the mixture is quite
stiff. Heat and grease your gem pans
and bake in a hot oven. Sometimes I
mix the graham flour with wheat flour,
and find this makes a little change that
is pleasant--Prairie Farmer.
-Apple Butter. -This is generally
made in large quantities. Boil down a
kettleful of cider to two-thirds the orig
inal quantity. Pare, core and slice the
apples, and put in as many as the cider
will just cover. Boil slowly, stirring
often with a flat stick, and, when the
apples are tender to breaking, take
them out with a strainer. Put in a sec
ond supply of fruit and repeat the oper
ation. Pour all together into a large
tub, cover it, and let it stand for twelve
hours. Return it to the kettle and boil
the fruit down, stirring all the time,
till it attains the consistency of brown
soft soap. Spice or flavor to taste; keep
it in stone jars in a dry cool place. It
should last good right into the spring.
-Liverpool Mercury.
THE WEDDING CAKE.
A. English WVomsn Tells Slow to Make
Oine of tile Genulne Kind.L
"You're wedding cakes," says an
English woman visiting here, "scem to
me very poor and plain. Ours are a
real sweet, you know. They are made
of three separate cakes of graduated
sizes,the first and largest often being as
large around-well, as the front wheel
of a baby's perambulator. Each cake
is composed, first of the fruit cake,
which is a solid baked mass of rich
fruits quite six inches deep; over this is
a deep layer of about three inches of
rich almond paste, and quite on the top
is two inches more of rich icing.
The three cakes are exactly the same
except in size around. They are placed
one on top of the other in pyramid
shape, with more icing and sugar orna
ments, cupids, flowers, and leaves car
ried in graceful design from top to
base.
At the wedding breakfast the bride
puts the knife into the top layer, which
is then carried to one side and sawed
into pieces by the servant, for it will be
hard. This is handed about among the
guests; tte second tier is left with the
bride's mother, and the bottom cake is
sent untouched to the bride's home.
The fruit cake is often nmade as
much as three months before
hand, which gives its richness
time to permeate the loaf thoroughly.
The almond paste is to me the most de
licious part of the cake, and this you do
not have at alL"-St. Louis Republic.
Future Vegeance.
"You'll be sorry for this some day!"
howled the son and heir as his father
released him from the position he had
occupied across the paternal knee.
"I'll be sorry? When?"
"When I get to be a man?"
"You will take revenge by whipping
your father when you are big and
strong and I am old and feeble, will
you, Tommy?"
"No, sir," blubbered Tommy, rub
bing himself, "but I'll spank your
grandchildren till they can't rest!"
Chicago Tribune.
P'rovillential.
Teacher-Now, I have explained what
"'providential" means, and I want some
of you to give me an illustration.
Bright Boy-Please, ma'am, I can.
"Very well, what is it?"
'"The holes in a porous plaster."
"Hum! Vhy?"
"When you pull th' plaster off th'
holes don't hurt."--Good News.
Tile March of Intellect.
Father (rebukingly)--WVhen I was a
little boy I never thought of ask ing
such questions
Tommy (the youngest)-Ah, but
papa, when you was a little boy I
wasn't born! -Funny Folks.
Horse sand Horse.
Barber (pausing in the midst of a
rique tale)-Shampoo, sir? Your head
is very dirty.
Victim-So is your mouth; shampoo
that. -National Tribune.
A Striking Illntrattlor.
Jackson-T)o you believe in the theory
of a dual nature in man?
Faxon-Yes. Why, look at old Hen
nesseyl lIe's not himself to-night.h
Puck.
IN THE EL.Q RIOAL WORLD.
-The sparks which in cold weather
By from the fingers when a metallic ob
jeet is touched are due to the electricity
produced by the friction between the
soles of the shoes and the carpet. The
electricity is not formed in tie body at
all and has nothing to do with the vital
processes.
-The students at Harvard university
have reorganized the Harvard electric
club. Prominent electricians will ad
dress the club and members will read
papers before it. The club is not to be
a purely social organization, but its ob
ject is to promote knowledge of elec
tricity and kindred subjects.
-A great sensation has been caused
in Jerusalem by the introduction of the
electric light into a new and flourish
ing flouring-mill lately started close to
the Damascus CGate. The Arabs and
Jews are much puzzled to account for
a light in a lamp in which there is no
oil, and gaze upon it with wonder.
-The experiment of electrically
lighting omnibuses in London has
proved so generally satisfactory that all
the vehicles of the two leading com
panies are to be so lighted. Two lamps
are used in each omnibus, the power
being supplied from a storage battery.
Portable electric lamps for the use of
the ticket in spectors are also in success
ful use.
-Incandescent lamps of a special
character are now being made for elec
tric railway lighting. These lamps are
designed so as not to break by vibra
tion. In the single loop form the fila
ment is anchored to the point of the
lamp, while in the spiral form the fila
ment is made in three close spirals
mounted on a long, heavy glass center,
giving great steadiness of flament
-A new scheme of signaling for war
purposes, by flashing Morse signals
from incandescent lamps inclosed in a
balloon made of translucent material,
was exhibited to military experts in
London last week by the inventor, Eric
8 Bruce. Incandescent lamps, it was
shown, could be used in the hydrogen
contents of a balloon with perfect
safety. The chief point claimed for the
device is that it secures an elevation be
yond the capacity of other means.
-Gen. T. T. Eckert, who is to sue
ceed the late Dr. Norvin Green as pres
ident of the Western Union Telegraph
Co., is a native of St. Clairsville, O.,
and sixty-eight years of age. He be
gan at the bottom of the telegraphic
ladder in 1849, had charge of the mili
tary telegraph at Washington during
the war, and upon the consolidation of
the Atlantic and Pacific Telegraph Co.
with the American Union in 1881 be
came general manager of the new com
pany.
A sarxrsT light-Jupiter.-Truth.
Cracrs performers are co'nt ing on a back
Ward sprlng.-N. O. Picayune.
To HABROW one's feelings is not the most
profitable way of cultivating an acquaint
ance.--Boston Transcript.
"I wise snow was what. it lenkslike," said
Abner. "If it was it would be cotton, and
then it wouldn't never melt."
Ha tHAD BrEN THERE.-- His Honnr-"Do
you know the nature of an oath?" Witness
-"Yes-it's human nature."--Puck.
"DocTon," said tile medical student, "is a
blind man not to be anl idiot!" "WVhy, no!
What makes tou aslk that?" "The adage
says: 'Out of sight, out of mind.' "
TnE Siamese twins were a fine illustra
tion of the spirit of that beautiful saying:
"Two hearts that beat as one."--Puck.
LITTLE SIsTEn-"What does this book
mean by the 'mellow lays' of a bird '" Lit
tie Brother--"WVhy, that's an egg without
any shell on, of course.'.'
TnE bad practices of others give the law
yer his good one.-Truth.
FoTITrxo tooth and nail-the dentist and
the chiropedist.
FRIENDS are like umbrellas-they are
never at hand when it rains.
"WTr do you go to the Dartmoor's ball,
Wallace? You can't dance." "\No; but I
can eat."-Harper's Buzar.
"You never can tell Judkins anything, he
-" "Isn't possible; his wife belongs to
three sewing societics."-Inter Ocean.
A rEPPR-AxND-SALT suit OUght to be al
ways "seasonable."
"I wisn I was : monkey," said Chappie.
"Well-you've ~ot your wish," returned
Maude.--Har.c: a Bazar.
"German
Syrup"
Justice of the Peace, George Wil
kinson, of Lowville, Murray Co.,
Miun., makes a deposition concern
inga severe cold. Listen to it. "In
the Spring of x8S8, through ex
posure I contracted a very severe
cold that settled on my tlungs. This
was accompanied by excessive night
sweats. One bottle of Boschee's
German Syrup broke up the cold,
night sweats, and all and left me
in a good, healthy condition. I can
give German Syrup my most earnest
commendation."'
salvartion Oil Try 15 .Caw 2.
CURE.
Curs C3onsmptlon, Coughs, Croalo -
Threat. Sold by sil Druatius os a Gumsranse
I AM 80 HAPPY!
Relieved me of a severe Blood trouble.
It has also caused my hair to grow out
again as it had bieen falling out by the
andful. After trying many physicians
in vain, I am so happy to find a cure in
S. S.S. O. H. ELBERT, Galveston, Tex.
8 CURES BsYf&cn Re:"nsoit
SQP"It lis entirey vegetable and harmless.
Treatise en- lood and Skin mailed free.
Swat'?X Srzcuzg Go, Ato.n, a.
We offer Oin Hundred Dodllars wh
for any caseof Catarrh that eamt be
by lil's Cartarrh Cure'
F. J. CsauxsTa eo., Props., Tbl.4d 0.
We the uadesilned have knonw .. .
Chleneth or the last 1 yearn, amed blevH
him perfectly honorable in all business
transactons and fmnsalmly able to carry
out any obligation made by their firm.
Wsar & Tauz. Wholesale Druggists, To
Iedo, O. WALzxe,- KINNAN & Mh Ava,
Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.
Hall's Catarr Cure is taken internally,
acting directly upon the blood and mucous
surfaces of the system. Price 75c. per beto.
tie. Sold by al Druggists. Testimonials
free.
IT is better to say: "This one thing I do,"
than to say : 'Tllese forty things I dabble
in."-Washington Gladden.
Trn wonLD'S MIAMMOTH HOTEL is the 1.100
room. fireproof, summer hotel, the ''GREAT
ESTEIRT.'" at St. Lawrence Ave. and 00th
St., Chicago. two blocks from Midway Piai
sauce World's Fair entrance and overlook
ing famous Washington Park. World's Fair
visitors can avoid annoyance and extortion
of sharks by engaging rooms now at $1.50 a
day, each person (European) by addressing
Copeland Townsend, Manager, (formerly
mr. Palmer House), 42 Rookery Building,
Chicago, Ill.
WRE- a person considers himself as "one
in a thousand,' he naturally regards the
others as ciphers.
You Needn't Live in a Swamp
To have malarial trouble. It is as wido
spread as it insidious. But you do need Hos
totter's Stomach Bitters to get over it
soeedily and completely. Persistent use of
this professionally commended remedy and
preventive will floor it, though you have
tried other medicines in vain. Tackle it at
the outset. The same advice should be
taken in cases of dyspepsia, debility, liver
and kidney complaint, rheumatism and neu
ralgia.
WTHEN some people go forth to bury tieir
prejudices they merely plant them.-Dallas
I ews.
Foe BROscarIAL. AsTHMATIO AND PuLao
-NARY COMPLAINTS, "Broew,'s Bronchial
Troches" have remarkable curative proper
ties. Sold oely in boxes.
TiAAynicAL managers mty act as though
they want the earth, but iYls really the stars
they are after. -Inter Ocean.
Dox'T Neglect a Cough. Take some Hale's
Honey of Horehound and Tar insta,.ter.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
Son of the funny stories told about the
fireside are enough to make even the fire
roar.-Yonkers Statesman.
BEECnAM'S PILLS are not a new remedy.
They have been used in Europe for 50 years,
and are well tested and excellent.
OrnER garments influence a woman, but
I it is her hat that dominates her.-P-uck.
A "RUN DOWY"'
and" used-up" feeling is
the first warning tt
your liver isn't doing
its work. And, with a
torpid liver and the
Impure blood that fol
lows it, you're an easy
prey to all sorts of all
menta.
That is the time to
p-ie is tt-~ l tke Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery. As
an appetizin, restora
tive tonic, to repel disease and build up the
needed flesh and strength, there's noting to
equal it. It rouses every organ into he tbh
ful action, purifies and enriches the blood,
braces up the whole system, and restores
health and vigor.
For every disease caused by a disordered
liver or impure blood, it is the only guaranm
teda remedy. If it doesn't beneflt or cure, in
every case, you have your money back.
$500 is offered, by the proprietors of
Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy, for an in
curable case of Catarrh. 'Ihelr remedy
perfectly and permanently cures the
worst cases.
A Powerful
Flesh Maker.
A process that kills the
taste of cod-liver oil has
done good service-but
the process that both kills
the taste and effects par
tial digestion has done
much more.
Scott's Emulsion
stands alone in the field
of fat-foods. It is easy of
assimilation because part
ly digested before taken.
Scott's Emulsion checks Con
sumption and all "lker
wasting diseases.
Prepared by Seott & dlown. Chemist:
Now Fork. Sold by druiets verywhdre.
HomNAL that e Necwuld like to have them
"Pmade thirty dollars; papa's got on his new suit
mamma; I guessand I do too. Mr. Curtism.
will tell any girl how she can makenow
lots ney.ople" ; told them ho much
we liked THEI PUBLISHING COUR
made thirty dollars; papa's got it
on; he feels awfully happy; so does
Smamma; I guess Ido too. Mr. Curtis
will tell any girl how she can make
TAll all. ...ho
T Home us
-Lc a"- I )I-sO--'- I- - a- I-se
, "Shave your mSoip
-so the soap makers say, es
S:pecially if your washing delicate
things. Now, in the name of
common sense, what's the
use? When you can get
Pearline, in powder form
for this very reason, why
do you want to work over
soap, which, if it's good for
anything, gets very hard and difficult to cut.
Besides, Pearline is vastly better than any
powdered soap could be. It has all the good properties of
any soap-and many more, too. There's something in it
that does the work easily, but without harm-much more
easily than any other way yet known.
Peddlers and socme unscrupulous grocers will tell yu
S"th is as good as" or "the same as Prline. IT'
B eware FALSE-Pegarlino is never peddled. if your r sends
oa an imitation, be honest-seed it back. SM JAkMES PYLNw Yeo.
'"Would you know wv0y with pleasure
Our faces so beam?
Our 8eru'ats Our life
.e'er is a
grumble, dreamn.
,LAUD
[a tIe cause of our bliss;
For all sorts of cleaqintg
It nev er,- conles anlss.
MADe ONLY BY
KKFAIRBANK & Co. ST. Louis.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
the Sores, eestares 'Tase and Sm l m Cures
be a to a iionceor. *.
OEICOKEE.HATSHIU BY STEAM.
Nutel & 0..3fru. . Z L.U.5.A.
WINAm fHZU PhZZ3.w. e..Wtehb
$3.00 FOR ONLY 50 Cts.
Money must be sent during the Month of March.
The Hme Magazine
OF WASHINGTON, D. C.
FOR ONE YEAR AND THE
- . White House Dining Room Chart,
Fancy Work Chart,
Prose and Poetry Chart,
Spring Dressmaking Chart,
.,C,.ed by MRS JOHN.  .LGAN. and Floral Chart
For Only Fifty Cents.
THE HOMB MAGAZINE has a circulation of over 375,000 every
month. We want a million; hence our great offer.
OO THE HOME MAGAZINE is handsomely illustrated by most skillful
artists. The Best Story-writers contribute to its columns, and every
e one at home will find something of Interest.
1 ` It contains interesting, pages for the Mother and Children ; all about
Flowers, the Dining Room, Fashions, Fancy Work, Sunday Reading
and many other home subjects.
Full Account of Washington Society.
Now, THE HOMIE MAGAZINE for one year Is only Fifty Cents,
but we make you the following liberal offer:
The White House Dining Room Chart Fancy Work Chart
SNew throughot from cover to cover: containing a Cotaining over 300 flustrations of Plain and OrM.
Bill of Par for every day in the w bole year. No to mental initiate. Drawn Work, Netting. Embroidery.
alike, and plai practical directione for preparnla every Tattln Patch work, Mioceliane ancy Work and
dish from eoup to dessert. e aT DecoraIMa.
The Homem Magazine Poetry Spring Dress Making Chart Floral Chart
and Prose Chart Just a Ompleted, wit  besigas A A bout wer p
pecially adapted for selections 89 with wheat to wear d hw to plant, when to plant and
or School Children. to ake to plat invaluable to every
_ever of nowere.
We have received over fifty thouesand new see mnoer oPb Notes,
subscribers during February, and many thous Money Orders. Express
sands more have written us asking how to senad Orers. Checks or slver.
tue money and to extend the time. Hence we THiE BRODIX
extend this great offer during Marchl We will
send THE HOME MAGAZINE for one year, and PUBLISHING COMPANY
the five charts, for only FIFTY CENTS, it money oo Eleventh t.
s sent uring Marc. Mention this aper. Enth St, .
DON'T DELAY. Washington, D. C.
W POINTS rril WELL. 10o uh.pe
ea Inbe*t b.ode d..l.. . PUMPS AGENTS
NhSNTEl. A SO- A R|IATB NSFl. CO., S3W YotK CIT:.
WIAME THIS PA8 5a t i~guI
®P! l lu 0 , Morphine! "Hb ibt Cured In 10
ie ito 2C d.. No pay till cured.
Dum DR J. ST*PIENWS, Lebanon, Ohio.
....TB. WAIS ... Ha. ........
sa~l it~ pollse. ihists wb O
Ora lawnib ,b p ahs
GUlke the Gitch Process
No Alkalies
Other Chemicals
ate use In the
rration of
W. BAKER A CO.'B
Src kfstC00oa
tea utr&wpt of Cocoa mixed
with d rb, Arrowroot st
saend I far mnore e...
namlkaffOa a,_a ' o L7&e o a cup.
It is mo-iu nourllsh , andi WLe
83.1 by o@t-eers everywhere.
W.AXNR GO.. Dorchesr. Xe.
' S - IRON
CASTI S ",
______ WORKS.
Machiner and Machinery Supplies.
:ETAZ.rr..1D 1866. I Writ. orprino
L5I1OOIPOWALTD i 1. m a
asBams wa Tlss "ms maIsnssa
No TREES of first quality can ever be sent
by mall. Myhap you know it. y freitlght,
prepaid if preferred, we ship safely 4. 5 or
6. trees; 2-year Roses of rare excellence
-everything) You actually pay less than
for the puny stuff. 1,000 acres Nurseries.
20,000 acres Orchards. Exact Information
about trees and fruits. STAnK Blos., Louis
lana, Mo.
LADY AGENTS WANTED ,r."' a
Pleasure and ProOf." iw)eleated by poermu.on to
Mrw. Potter Palmer. Lldy Preident of World's
Fair Committse. Best book on decorlltve and
fanoy work ever published. Rapid salte. Quite
new. DANKS At CO., 54 Dearborn ht.. Chicago. 1iL
wrsarasi rvaraaswrma w!elsa
.fl-eis. isale IL.
inni  sataissik. ir oI.
MUST HAVE Tu oelk(Pat. lZk*e bey
oi a. it. sefk. 1t4rhard A. Ca.. Phila.
one arltesd. rsteasegw h. ratrisen prllld
WILL ý>A V4meim.WI FLAIS
WANTED CONFE)tERA'TE STAMi'S on Oralnal
Euvclopee. N. fl. OaOEN. Charleston 5.
WrlN*ruIhIS rarr use aa m.
WANTED Traveli"n Salemen; or have . s.ide
Inle. StOK4TVrlliAl CO.. LycebIbee, V..
4WSAUX Tllus rrrsaPES s w, sa mty c
S EtI Bta WANTED. State lowrst salary reqred.
ud.- n ,tamp, Celny ad p'p., lase, l e
whq have weak lunge or Asth
ma. shourld. use Pso's Cre -rr
Consumption. it has csaroe
ed one. It is not bad to take.
it is the best cough syrup.
Sold everywhere. Ube.
A. N. K., F. 1440
WUZE NHITINN TO ADVERTISERS pfLEASi
taLts lthst ysI sw the Advertirement is this
pamer.