THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1893. NUMBER 32.
A SHANTY BY THE BAY.
ar avUn 313ETr.
[Copyright, 1893, by the Author.]
HEN it rains in
y N e w Zealand
there can be no
doubtaboutthe
moistness of the
weather; it is
b damp, and no
mistake.
/ The Maori in
S IL is primitive
- state, before the
advent- of
a n breech - loaders
and breeches,
when the wet
weather de
clared itself as resolved to have its .ia
a ings, used to retire to his badly ven
tilated whare, and casting aside his
flax-woven toga lounged beside his fam
Ily on the general mat in a state of
natural freedom, until the sun once
more broke from the clouds; or failing
the vicinity of a friendly whare, he
went after an enemy to keep himself
warm, it not dry, and consoled himself
for getting drenched by breaking the
sixth commandment. However, after
umbrellas were introduced to his no
tice, and his visitors paid him in
gold for the use of his lands, he no
longer had the same excuse for staying
indoors or "ecolling" an enemy; there
fore he gradually settled down and
gratified his lawless passions by becom
ing a member of parliament.
But between the stages of man eat
ing and dress suits there were wars and
retaliations between the Pakeha and
the Maori which took away a good deal
of the pleasure of living in New Zea
land.
In the northern island, of :which
Auckland is the capital, the natives
were the most contumacious, and deeds
of peculiar atrocity were by no means
uncommon. In the Kauri forests frag
ments of human beings were frequent
ly found scattered about as they had
been tossed, after being hacked to
pieces, .and, of course, the crimes were
atonce put down to the original owners
of the land.
Oni the other side of the bay which
stretched bjetween Auckland and the
king's country, stood a shanty or drink
ing shop which also served ad' the ferry
station. The landlord and his twosons
acted as fterrymen, and did at one time
a brisk trade to and from Auckland
city, while the wife acted as hostess;
and as this shanty was the only house
which stood on that side of the water
at tile time, she had most of the travel
ers as customers,
Behind -the shanty lay the primeval
forest, dense and uncleared, with the
knurl gums rising straight and grace
ful like masts from the undergrowth of
fern trees, supple-jacks and wild mint,
and it twas in this scrub that most of
the grewsome discoveries were made.
Travelers were ferried over from the
city, and never came back again, or at
least never canme back as they went
away; so that the mysterious murders
continued. while Tom the ferryman
and his two sons had to get most of the
return fare from the police, when they
delivered as much as they could gather
of the dismembered travelers foridenti
fiction by their friends. A melancholy
besiness that ferry must have been
to take over live men and bring back
ghastly chunks--and the citizens won
dered that these ferrymen's nerves
could stand the constant shoclks.
One day Tom and his sons ferried
over two young men who had made up
their minds to have a few days' sport
with gun and rod in the forest, despite
its evil rerute. They were both Eng
lishmen and new chums, and like Eng
lishmen traveling for pleasure were
pretty free with their money, showed a
good deal of it as well as a lavish dis
play of jewelry, while they laughed
easily at the warnings which they re
ccived.
They had their flasks with them,
therefore did not linger at the shanty
when they landed, but struck straight
out for the forest, and, as they told
Tom's wife on their return, had good
sport until the rain came on and drove
them back.
It was about noon .when they re
turned on the fourth dclay, after wad
ing for mhany hours through the
swamps, with that persistent and bone
chilling downpour saturating them as
"TEE BOAT ifAS GONE TO AUCKLAND."
it did everything about, and the first
thing they did was to seek the bar and
ask for a stiff jorum of brandy each,
and while the hostess was placing the
bottle to their reach they inquired
about the boat.
The landlady, an aged female nearly
bent double with rheumatics and other
infirmities ot time, received them in a
very friendly manner, told them that
the boat had that morning gone to
Auckland and would not be back for
some hours as the weather was so
rough, and offered to light a fire in the
parlor, so that they could warm and dry
themselves meanwhile, an offer which
they gladly accepted.
As she told them there was no one at
home but herself, she left them in pos
session of the bar while she went out
to jrepare the roomfor them, and thus
helping- themselves, as was the custom
in colonial bars, they took up the liquor
according to their different habits
that is, the youngest bolted about a
third of his quickly, and without die.
crimination, while the elder, being of a
EmQR a £antiato tUrnD amalt hi. WliM
carefully so as to test the quality before
drinking it, after which he emptied it
hastily amongst the sawdust at his feet
and caught at the upraised arm of his
companion.
"For God's sake don't drink any of
that stufft, Charley," he whispered. "it
is drugged"
"But -I have done so already, Jack,"
replied the other, with dismay in his
tones.
"Then take no more, but pour it out
as I have done mine -quick, for the old
hea is coming tback. There, now keep
quiet and I'll manage the rest."
At this moment the old woman came
back, and, easting her eyes over the
empty glasses and the bottle, from
which she could see a quantity had
been taken, she said:
"The room is ready now, gentlemen,
if you will step round, and the fire will
be up in a few moments, so that you
can rest and dry yourselves while I
get you a cup of tea and something to
eat."
"Yes! let us go in, Jack, for I feel
confoundedly tired and sleepy," mur
minured Charley. as he leaned heavily on
the counter, with his eyelids closing.
"No. Charley, we'll walk about in
stead outside," answered Jack, firmly,
getting hold of his companion's arm
and beginning to drag him to the door.
"Surely you are not going to stand in
the rain till the boat comes," cried the
old woman, in astonishment. "Why,
the rain is worse than ever, while it is
so comfortable inside, with a nice sofa,
where your friend can rest himself if
he is tired."
"Yes-let us go to-fire-comfortable
sofa-sleep," muttered Charley, inco
herently.
"No," answered Jack. "Outside or
nowhere. There is no one else about
the place, I suppose?" he asked, as he
thought he saw the door of the shed
opposite move.
"No one at all, not even a dog or a
cat," answered the old woman, as, with
a sour look, she watched him drag his
almost senseless companion into the
rain.
Down to the beach, where he had a
clear stretch of sand, he half-dragged,
half-carried his friend, and for the next
four hours he forced him by every de
vice hlie could think of to walk about,
while the rain poured down persistent
ly, and the sea was ruffled, misty and
gray in front.
Hle kept a watchful eye on the house
and that shed in front of it, and twice
or thrice hlie could have sworn that he
saw the door open a little way and a
face look out from behind it. The old
woman also came from time, to time to
the bar doorway and screeched at him
to bring his friend in to the fireside,
KEEP A WATCHFUL. EYE ON THE HOCLSE ;
but he held on doggedly and sternly to
his promenade, casting an eager glance
seaward for the expected boat, with his
one arm round his friend and the other
hand clutching the stock of his re
volver, which rested inside the water
proof breast pocket of his coat.
At last his heroic efforts were crowned
with some success. The effects of the
drugged mouthful of brandy wore of?
and Charley wolke up dazed and side
from the salt ,Water Jack had forced
down his throat, and with a splitting
headache, but still with his senses suf
ficiently clear to comprehend his posi
tion.
At the same time the boat was in
sight, with the old boatman only in it,
struggling against the wind and tide,
and shortly afterwards they were
bargaining for their passage on the
beach, Charley looking on passively
while Jack exhibited his gold and re
volver at the same time, and so half
tempted, half threatened the unwilling
Tom back again to his place at the row
lock, while the old crone shrieked and
raved wildly at the house door, about
her man going back to Auckland in
such weather.
Jack made no allusions to his sus
picions, but only spoke about urgent
business in Auckland that day: so at
last the old man yielded and once more
pushed off tc sea, and, as the wind was
in their favor, before nightfall they
were landed safely at their destination,
and wvent about their business, which
was to the post oflice; the result of
which w~as that at picked body of men
accompanied Tom back to his sihanty
asat night, where, beside thle old wom
an, the two hulking sons were found,
wvith a, considerabic quantity of miss
ing articles which had left Anaclaind
with their live owners but, had not been
returned with their remazios.
B~efore the trial of this gang of
wholesale murderers came on one
of the sons turned queen's evidence
and completely cleared the charac
ters of the maligned Mlaoris. An
other landlord bought the business
of the ferry and abanty, and while
the malefactors paid th~e penalty of
their many crimes the forest ceased to
be a shambles.
-MUrs. Otestraw - "Marier, didn't
that agent say that this here fashion
book yewv paid for wus towv fust cla~ss
tn' live in everyv pertiklar?" Miss Ote
straw-"Yes, maw." MIrs. Oteetraw-
"WVa\, I want, yew tew stop it right
on! He's lied tew yew; here it ses
right, in plain print ontew the top of it:
'Ent~ered in the post office at Washring
ton as second-clasis matter.' They
needn't think jest 'eause we live in
Turkey Rlottom,. they kin pass off their
ole, dead, aecon'-class stufT on us, an'
yewP kin write right now an' tell 'can
FARMER AND PLANTER
ASHES OF PLANTS.
Their Value as a PFertillaing Agent BrUeSI
Conasidered.
When any organic substance, with
few exceptions, is burned in contact
with the air, there remains an incom
bustible residium called ashes, consist
ing of that portion of the plant which
is exclusively mineral. The ashes vary
according to the nature of the plant,
the portion consumed and the locality
in which it grew. The mineral part of
the substances composing the ash are
more essential than the organic or
combustible portion of the plant. Most
of the plants which grow in sea water,
or near the ocean, contain soda and
also potash. Even wheat, when grown
near the borders of salt water, thbough
in soil containing little or no soda, is
found to yield soda. These substances
have very similar . properties, and
are to a certain extent inter
changeable in certain plants; but
this is the exception, and not the rule.
Sea plants, though always containing
soda, are never without potash; in moat
cases, indeed, it predominates. (Sea
weed makes an excellent manure when
composted.) As like causes produce
like effects, plants that are similar, and
grown under similar conditions, pro
duce ashes that are similar. Different
parts of the same plants, as the leaves,
the branches, the trunk and root, yield
ashes of different composition. The
difference of the mineral contents of
wheat straw will vary from three to
fifteen per cent., and in oat straw from
three to ten per cent., and under cer
tain circumstances is greater at the
bottom of the stem than St the top.
The amount of mineral food is greater
in the leaves than in any other portion,
and it is precisely in that part of the
plant where assimilation is most active
(fermented or decayed leaves make a
good vegetable fertilizer).
The tuber of the potato contains in
its ashes as much as eighty-six parts in
the one hundred of the salt of potash,
while the ash of the top contains only
four parts of these substances. The
tuber gives only fourteen parts of lime,
and no silica, while the tops contain as
high as thirty-six parts of silica. Anal
ysis has shown that the ashes of
grain give a different result from
those of straw, and this is particularly
illustrated in the wheat plant. The
grain, especially the husk or bran part
of wheat, is rich in phosphoric acid and
in magnesia, while the straw yields but
a small portion of either substance.
The straw contains. much silica, and
some potash: the grain but little. Oat
straw contains more than double the
quantity of potash than wheat straw.
By exporting the grain from the farm.
therefore. the soil is improverished
of certain minerals, especially phos
phoric acid, which are not rc
turned to the lnnd in the
straw. The mineral portions of all
vegetable and organic matters exist in
the ashes and in the plant in different
conditions. In the latter case they are
more or less combined with vegetable
acids, which are combustible,and when
the plant is reduced to ashes they are
destroyed, leaving the minerals them
selves more or less altered and differ
ently combined. In the decaying
plant they a-re in assimilable condition,
passing from one state to another, not
having been segregated by the effect
of heat, which, according to its in
tensity. has a disadvantageous effect
upon their action as a fertilizer. Thus
silex, which in tihe plant may have
been in atomic division and soluble, by
the effect of heat becomes gritty and
insoluble. The alkalies may by the
same agent enter into insoluble con
ditions with that substance, and
thus be rendered inert for an in
definite period. As the ash of a
plant represents the mineral food
which has once been assimilated, so
far as their nature in this capacity has
not been destroyed by heat. so far are
they useful and valuable far fertilizer.
All plants yield ash residuums, lint
they differ in their richness and quan
tity. The amount of ash residuum of
the tobacco plant is very large and
especially rich in potash, and is there
fore trying and exhausting to the soil
of this mineral. No plant can be use
less in this respect, and vary in value
according to certain constituents which
are of more -value than others. lic
sides, as has been stated, their value
may be deteriorated `by the degree of
heat to which the organic matter has
been subjected, although a large
amount of-carbonaceous matter not
perfectly combusted is no disadvan
tage, as we know that charcoal is a
good condenser of gas. and will be
valuable for this property as a fer
tilizer. Ashes are more or less greatly
injured by being left exposed to damp
ness, by the loss of the alkali, a very
important constituent of their value.
The ash of a plant yielding a large
amount of phosphoric acid, potansh' or
soda, is more valuable than those poor
in these elements. Ashes can only be
used as auxiliaries to other manures,
and should be used or applied to soils
containing much organic matter. for
notwithstanding that the atmosphere
contains the store of organic elements,
it must be borne in mind that the soil
also furnishes a part of the organic
nourishment to plants. Ashes also
have a special effect on heavy, stiff
clay soils, in causing a separation of
the articles, their adhesive nature
counteracting the tenacity of such
soils, while independent of this
mechanical effect, their chemical com
position has the same value in these as
in other applications.
In the manufacture of ashes at home
on the farm, it must be remembered
that all nitrogen is destroyed by burn
ing, this being the highest cost ele
ment in all fertilizer (and specially de
ficient in southern soil), and think twice
before consigning to the burning pile
it it would not be more profitable to ex
tract all the mineral elements by com
posting than burning to ashes. This is
relative to all small, soft uaterials-f
weeds, grass, leaves, etc.-but briars.
branches of trees, or.hard wooded sub
stances. are best burned for their ashes.
rThe ntdvatsogo If compoetinstlli oftl
materials Is the saving not only of the
high cost nitrogen, but the organic
substances as well. If commercial
fertilizers or ashes could furnish or
ganic substance, they would have as
good a value as stable manure, but
being deficient in this important cle
ment, they are never so profitable to
use except when intelligently comn
bined or used in connection with stable
manure. The southern soil is deficient
in humas, and commercial fertilizers
or ashes will never be used with profit
if sole dependence is placed upon them,
regardless of stable manure. or the
raising of green crops solely to be
plowed under for the supply of humas
or organic substance. The b'enefit of
humas in southern soils is much more
beneficial than in northern, as it adds
coolness and moisture to a soil, the
very thing so much needed in the
south, and as cotton culture is such a
humas destroying process, the raising
of green crops solely for the supply of
this important principle, is perhaps
the most important process, but the
least thoroughly understood in south
ern agriculture.-F. L. Hooper, in Tex
as Farm and Ranch.
THE REMEDY.
How to Do Away with the Evlls Attending
Overproduction.
If, as is claimed by many, farmers
are suffering from overproduction of
the two great staples, cotton and
wheat, there are but two remedies; one
is to remove every cause that prevents
an extension of the uses of these two
indispensible articles, and thus create
a new demand; the other is to produce
less of these and more that must other
wise be purchased. To produce 200
bushels of wheat or two bales of cot
ton and then pay tihe money received
for 100 bushels, or one bale, for arti
cles which could have been more cheap
ly raised at home, is no solution of the
question2-brings no prosperity to the
farmer. 'The extension of commerce
as a means of enlarging the demand,
is a method of solution, only in
directly possible to farmers. The
latter method is easily within the
power of farmers individually and col
lectively. It is a method which any
farmer may test any year, as to its ef
fects upon himself. It is a method
which many have already tested and
found practical and effective. It is a
method which has not failed to remedy
the evils of the so called over-produc
tion. to the estent to which it has been
applied. As long as there are farmers
who will patiently hear a chronic agi
tator advise them to raise what others
want, and buy from others what they
want themselves. in order to stimulate
trade and promote reciprocity, there
will be many who will never adopt the
plan herein recomnedc. The intelligent
and progressive farnmers, here and else
where are adopting, tihe method right
along, because it appeals to common
sense, and presents insatances of sue
cess on every hand.-l'arm and Ranch.
HERE AND THERE.
-W1ell-fed Inogs are generally welb
contented creatures, tlhecrefore it is with
some surprise that we read in the Chli
cago market reports that "fat hogs are
depressed."
-Notwithstanding the low price of
ordinary beef cattle. it. will be noticed
that the price of choice stolk holds its
own. There is room at the Chicago
pens for choice beeves at geo.l prices.
-A fast team will do more plowing
in a day than a slow one. bat very
often the slow steady team is the best.
In many cases, like plowing small corn
or cotton, good work can only be done
slowly.
-Intensive farming means causing
the farm to do its best every year.
WVhat's wrong about that? Book farm
ing means following the methods that
intelligent farmers have shown to ibe
the best. What is wrong with that?
-There is nothing like liberal feed
ing to cure the wool taste of mutton.
If the wool and hide bears an unusual
ly large ratio to the weight of flesh
the latter will have the objectionable
flavor. If the sheep has nothing else
to smell like it will smell like wool.
-While resting preparatory to cot
ton picking, wouldit not ibe well to see
if the barns,. sheds and fences don't
need some attention. Rest doesn't al
ways mean a state of inanition. A
change of occupation is often more re
freshing than a prolonged seating on it
nail keg.
-When a man goes into the dairy
business he is going to get a return
from his investment before twenty
four hours are over-the cow declares
a dividend before night. You don't
have to wait twelve months.
-On every well riegulated farm there
is a place which if not occupied with
sheep is an unoccupied and unprofita
ble hiatus. There is a place for cattle,
hi'ses, hogs and poultry and no one
can till the place of any other. The
food, the care, the habits are all differ
ent. A farm well filled must htIave all
these things. to prevent waste of the
elements of success.
-The farmer who is a dairyman is
stimulated by the quick returns which
come into his pocket each day in time
yeali; lie becomes more of a business
man than other farmers. He-is a mann
uftacturer, and le acquires business
sense and makes that study of the
market which all manufacturers must
have to make them successful.
-Cross-breeding is breeding from
thoroughbred animals of differient
breeds. Grading up is breeding a thor
oughbred sire to common females.
Grading down is using a grade sire on
any sort of female. Grading up is the
sheet anchor of success in stock-rais
ing. Grading down wvill frazzle ont
Iboth breed and breeder. if adhered to.
-It is a common mistake to suppose
that the veryi richest soil is best to
grow trees for planting. On the con
trary this rich soil makes a rank. un
I healthy growth of top and with roots
of correspondingly spongy character.
WVhen such trees are transplanted into
soil less rich they Inecome stumlted nail
unhealthy, and like these conditions in
. animal life an easy prey to diseasue and
RECEIVING EXERCISE.
thrkish Bath, Floor Rest and Other Meth
ods Deseribed In Detail.
We American women have at last be
come fully aroused as to the imiportance
of exercise, says a writer, and with
characteristic energy we all-men,
women and children-have gone at it,
and are exercising indoors and out of
doors as hard and fast as ever we can.
This would be a fine thing if our lives
were not quite so full and hurried and
if we were as a people a trifle more
stolid
Unfortunately we have yet to learn
the meaning of the word rest-until we
do, exercise may prove to the majority
of us, a dubious blessing.
Now, why not be exercised? The
Turkish bath is one step in that direc
tion, and the "floor rest" is another.
Any woman who is fortunate enough
to command the services of a lady's
maid, or who can call in an attendant
at stated times, or can secure the co
operation of her own family, can re
ceive exercise instead of exercising.
When a long and hard day or social or
serious duties is before or behind her
this royal way of resting the muscles
and stimulating the respiration is good
and most efficacious.
Have a warm blanket or drugget,
kept especially for this purpose, spread
smoothly on the floor. . Then get into
loose garments and place yourself at
full length on this hard bed for half an
hour's manipulation.
When you lie as limp and indifferent
as a rag baby, your attendant, whom
you have previously instructed, gently
rolls and kneads your body, lifts and
drops and twists and swings your arms
and legs.
The head-the body's fifth limb-re
ceives much the same treatment that is
given the legs and arms, but should be
handled with special gentleness.
Your own duties consist in, first, as
suring yourself that your breathing is
full, free, and controlled by the din
phragm,and then in surrendering your
self to a nirvana-like indifference to
all things.
I happen to know a very pretty wom
an who for some years past has in
dulged herself three or four times
weekly, at bedtime, in this sort of de
licious "first rest." I recall her when
she was a trifle awkward and con
strained in her bearing, but now she is
as joyously free and buoyant in all her
movements as a forest dryad.-N. Y.
Press.
A BAD PLAN TO SCOLD.
It Stakes Vomen Grow Older Than Their
Years.
Not long ago a man was seen to t:ake
a big dose of quinine as unconcernedly
as he would have swallowed so much
sugar.
"Mercy!" exclaimed his friend, "how
could you do that?"
"Very easily: I have been accustomed
to it. It happened that I began taking
it about the time I had discovered that
I had married a scold. One dose was
as bitter as the other; now I can
swallow either without giving it a
thought."
Not a very gallant specch, but won
derfully suggestive.
The most deluded mortal in the
world is the w'oman who fancies that
much is gained by scolding, or whining,
or complaining. She may seem to gain
her ends for a while (for at first one
will do most anything to avoid swallow
ing a bitter dose,) but if she would
stop to consider, she would soon dis
cover that every. day she has better
cause for scolding or whining or coin
plaining, whichever method she adopts,
and that, as the month rolls by. an
ever-increasing amount is required to
accomplish the same result.
T'he scolding woman never has things
her own way without a vast expendi
ture of nervous strength-much more
than the object to be gained is worth.
Why can not she realize that and adopt
some pleasanter method?-Philadelphia
Times.
Tien nest SIhampoo.
A dermatologist of hig-h standing says
that the proper way to shampoo the
head is to use some pure soap made into
a "good lather on the head," with
plenty of warmn water, and rubbed into
the scalp with the fingers or with
rather a stiff brush that has long bris
tles. When the scalp is very sensitive,
borax snd water, or the yolks of three
eggs, beaten in a pint of lime water,
are recommended instead of soap and
water. After rubbing the head thor
oughly in every direction, and washing
put the hair with plenty of warm water,
Sor with douches of warm water, alter
nating with cold. drying the hair with
a bath towel, a small quantity of vas
eline or sweet almond oil should be
rubbed into the scalp. The oil thus ap
plied is used in the place of the oil that
has been removed by washing, and to
prevent the hair from becoming brittle.
-Toledo Ilade.
Meaning of Colors.
White is the color of light, purity, in
nocence, faith, joy and life. Black
means mourning, wickedness and death.
led signifies fire, divine love and wis
dom. Blue stands for heaven, truth
from a celestial origin, constancy and
fidelity. Yellow or gold is the symbol
of the sun, of marriage and faithful
ness; in a bad sense yellow signifies in
constancy, jealousy and deceit. Green,
the emerald, is the color of spring,
hope, particularly of the hope of im
mortality and of victory. as the color
of the laurel and palm. Violet signifies
love and truth, or passion and suffer
ing. Purple and scarlet signify things
good and true from a celestial origin.
N. Y. Ledger.
Insects on Vegetables.
Sometimes you wil fiand small insects
clinging to the vegetables fresh from
market. Make a strong brine of a
pound and a half of salt to a gallon of
water. l'lace the vegetables in this
with the stalks uppermost. Let them
remain there a couple of hours. This
will destroy the insects which cluster
In the leaves and they will sink to the
bottom of the pan.-N. Y. World.
Keeping His LeovC wzarm.
Ile-lint you know well that I shall
never let my love grow cold.
Shte-You think so now, but when it
is winter time will you buy your love a i
aeilskin sanccpe?-Birooklya LZife.
IN THE ELECTRICAL WORLD.
-An English market gardener is re
ported to have increased his profits "S
per cent. by using the electric light to
force lettuce.
-The electric light has been intro
duced into a new flour mill near to the
supposed site of Calvary and close to
the Damascus gate at Jerusalem.
-The properties and use of the ma
riner's compass were known to the
(Chinese centuries ago. It was brought
to Europe in the thirteenth century
and first used on the Mediterranean.
-Bangkok has an electric street rail
way three miles long built and put into
successful operation by American cap
ital. It is the first electric street line in
the extreme Orient, and is already do
ing so w-ell that an extension is con
teinmplated.
-That it pays to advertise judicious
ly in the electrical business is shown
by the experience of-the nmanufactur
ers of electrical fans. In spite of the
cool weather this season the demand
for the fans has been very large, and
next year the firms look for a tremend
ous business.
-The only electric launch on the
Pacific coast is the Electra, owned by
the Santa Cruz Electric Navigation Co.,
of San Francisco. It is 34 feet long,
and is driven through the water at a
speed of 10 miles an hour by a battery
of 46 cells, which can run for about to
hours without being recharged.
-A survey for a cable from the
shores of California to the Sandwich
islands has resulted in a route being
chosen from Monterey bay to lHonolulu.
The route selected will require the
smallest length of wire, and it passes
over an even bottom, favorable for the
protection and preservation of a cable,
submarine mountains being avoided.
-When Edison has begun something
new he has no peace until the work is
either completed or abandoned for
good. In case of sucess he immediately
Sconceives a hatred for the invention.
Recently he said: "I haven't used a tele
phone in ten years, and I would go out
Sof my way any time to miss an incade
Scent lamp."
-Lient. Apostolow, of the Russian
navy, recently exhibited to some naval
officers in Odessa a new style of ship,
tvithout screw or paddle, but which
has instead "a kind of running elec
trical 'gear around the - vessel's hull
under the waterline, and a revolving
mechanism, which, he says. will propel
a ship from TLiverpool to New York in
twenty-eight hours.
r -In one farming community in Mich
igan a telegraph line connecting all
the farms in a large district with a
neighboring town has been put in, at a
cost of two hundred dollars. The farm
ers themselves, or their children, have
learned how to operate the instruments,
which have repaid their cost many
times over by the saving effected on ac
count of the better means of communi
cation made possible by the line.
-The first experimental telephone
exchange was operated May 17, 1877,
and the first commercial telephone ex
change was opened in February. 1878.
Yet at the beginning of the current
year, in the lnited Statfes alone, half a
million telephone instruments and 450.
000 miles of line wire, 100,000 of which
were under ground, were employed for
the transmission in one year (18'J2) of
1,000.000 messages between 2k1,000
stations, giving at the same time honest
andl congenial employment to 10,000
persons.-Electrical World.
-Experiments have been recently
made in Uermany to test the practica
hility of lighting mail cars with incan
descent lights instead of gas lights,
which heat and vitiate the close air of
the cars. The current has been sup
plied by storage batteries. with capa
city of 100 amperes an hour, sufficient
to keep eight lamps of 1'-candle power
each burning brilliantly and steadily,
at a cost of three pfennigs a light an
hour, against an expense of four pfen
nigsa light an hourwhen gas was used.
-Turpin, the inventor of mclinite,
has submitted to the French war oilice
an electric gun alleged to be capable
of discharging twenty-five thousand
projectiles in five minutes and to have
a range of several miles. The appar
atus is comparatively light in weight,
so that it can be drawn by two horses
and worked by four men. The pro
jectiles are small shells charged with
a secret chemical preparation. spreand
ing death for sixty yards around. The
English government is said to be nego
tiating for thIe purchase of the inven
tion, though skeptical of its yalue.-
Electricity.
-From Cuba come the details of a
peculiar accident to an overhead elec
tric light conductor. The bridge cross
ing the San Juan river in Matanzas was
carried away by a flood, and a long
span had to be made with the wires
crossing the river. One of these wires
broke in two, and both ends fell into
the water. At the station and in the
part of the city lighted by that circuit
C no one noticed the accident, as there
-was apparently no change in the lights.
- In the morning the break was found
and spliced, the current having passed
I uninterruptedly through the water all
night.
Entertaining a House Party.
The house itself may be a valuable
adjunct in the entertainment of one's
friends, or a kill-joy whose influence it
is hard to overcome. If possible let us
do away with 'company rooms," and
make our friends welcome in those
made homelike by our daily presence
and that of our families. Nothing but
living in it will take the stiffness out of
a room. The ideal room for the entee
tainment of friends jp a country house
is a large, cheerful '%ltting-room," that
shall be library, music and drawing.
room in one-the heart and soul of the
house. Ihere should be collected all
that we care most to have aiout1s-
souvenirs of travel, favorite pictures,
photographs, low book-cases contain
ing readable books, luxurious divans
with bright-hued pillows, and every
:hair made for comfort. A piano stand
ing ncross one corner, so that the player
face the roam. may be draped with gay
.timtfs mua'i made a "thing of beauty.
The addition of a tall lamp with a goe
geouis siade near by. and a fine palm or
two. makes a "cozy cornur" that wo
b allurion.--Ladlie' Home Journal.
RELIGIOUS AND EDUCATIONAL.
--England has 557 Christian Endeavor
Societies.
-There is no book on which we can
rest in a dying moment but the Bible.
helden.
-Christ prayed three' times, hence
learn we to perseveringly implore.-T.
Aquinas.
-The Methodist Epinscopal church,
north and south, contains 3,450,330
communicants.
-When the soul hath the seed of
holiness, it shall reap a harvest of hap
piness.-G. Swinnock. M. A.
-A Presbyterian hospital has just
been established in Chicago. under the
direction of the Presbyterian churches
of the city.
-There are now thirty-one synods
and two hundred and twenty-one pres
byteries in the Presbyterian church in
this country.
-The Baptist Young People's Union
of America, which had its third national
meeting at Indianapolis recently, re
ports ::5O.000 members.
-(.od does not delay our prayers, be
cause he has no mind to give; but that
lby enlarging our desires, he may give
us more largely.-Anselm.
-The largest religious sect in this
country is the Roman Catholic, with
0,2350.045 members. The smallest is the
Adonai Shomo,. with twenty followers.
-'iThe Christian Endeavor movement,
which Ibegan in 1881 with two societies
and sixty-eight members, had on the
first of the present year 23,565 societies
anti 1.413.900 members.
-11ev. Morgan Dix. of New York, has
placed a S0,50Jo bell in Christ Church at
('ooperstown. N. Y., in memory of his
father, the late (Gov. .John A. Dix. The
bell weighs 1.30o pounds.
-In the Congo region there are three
Catholic missions and eight Protestant,
among which is that founded by lish
op Taylor. There are twenty-eight
stations and ninety-live missionaries.
-It is said that the annual report of
the general snperintendent of Sunday
schools will show that there are nearly
I1,0t0O pupils in Cumnberlandl P'resby
terian Sunday schools, an increase of
20,740 over last year.
-New fungled religions are reported
from Jelferson county, Ky., where an
expelled church member has retaliated
by founding a holiness sect which
doesn't believe in church organization;
and from Missouri where the "sancti
fled" have set up a tabernacle.
-In 1550, it is said, there were about
ten Norwegian ministers in the United
States. Now the Norwegians in the
northwest have three large church
bodies with 6S1 pastors and 1.700 con
gregaitions. The Lutheran Synod of
Wisconsin numbers 8,7338 communi
cants. and sustains 8.805 parochial
schools.-Christian at Work.
-In Berlin alone no less than twen
ty-six new churches have either been
erected or commnenced since the acces
sion of Emperor William. There were
only twenty-four evangelical churches
previously. These new churches repre
sent a money value of 20.000,000 marks,
3.o,0.000 of which have been provided
by the emperor and the government.
WIT AND WISDOM.
-The utmost reach of reason is to
recognise what an ininxty of things go
beyond it.-I'Pscal.
-It is meet that breach of promise
cases should be h:ardl in a court house.
-BosIton Transcript.
-If sunshine had to be paid for there
are people who would declare that can
die light could bent it.-Manm's Horn.
-Yabsley-"W'ell, what's the latest
in the racing line?" sludge-"The
horse I bet on usually.-Indianapolis
Journal.
-""I understand .ligxon is financially
interested in the firm hlie is with." "Yes,
they owe himnt six mnonth's salary."'
Westfield Union.
--The great danger of looking too
much upon the wine when it's red is
that one may Iregin using it for paint.
-l'hiladelphia Times.
-A rose tree that does not blossom is
of no, use in the garden. A vine that
bears no grapes is of no use in the vine
yard.-Ii. W. Pale. I). 1).
-A Ioston card-player asserts that
no woman. though she were a deaf
mute romn her birth up, could keep
still in a game of whist.-N. Y. 'T'imes.
-.'Chappie was completely disguised
at the ball."' "Vent as a prince. I sup
pose:?" "No. wore a dress suit and a
mask andl everyone took him for it
man."-Ilnter Ocean.
-She-What makes Charley Biggles
wear that string to his new straw hat?
lic-To keep it from blowing away
when he talks through it.-WVashing
ton Star.
-If every man were as good as the
woman who loves him fondly believes
he is, the morals of the world would
undoubtedly be very much improved.
Somerville .lournal.
-His Worst Suspicions Veritied.
",Just as I expected!" muttered Mr.
I-illus, examining his shavirg imple
ments. "*My wife has quit complaining
about her corns and my razor is ruined."
-Chicago Tribune.
-"Lacc"' said the attentive clerk.
"Yes, madam, we have all kinds.
What sort shall I show you?"" "You
can showv mae some ancestral lace," re
plied Mrs. Cr-ewe l)oyle. **I hear that
is very stylish now. "-Vogue.
-A good many folks in dis world git
credit for bein' clever, denh breddern,
wen de fact oh de amatter is dat dere
cleverness consists in dere ability to
keep de 'ol-d from findin' out how
ignorant dey really are.-Rev. Plink
Plunk.
-Her beauty is all composed of theft;
her hair stole from Apollo's goldy
locks; her white and red lilies and roses
stolen out of paradise; her eyes two
stars plucked from the sky; her nose
the gnomnon of love's dial, that tells
you how the clock of her heart goes.
len Jonson.
-"1Vhat nonsense this all is about
men getting on their knees when they
proposel" said Mrs. Parslow to her dear
friend. "My husband didn't doanys
such absurd thing when he askledls i
to marry him." "lie did when axe p*r
posed to me," said tihe dear frteu4 wit¶'
I pat think Tg.-Harper's BeWm,
- -·