-t the 0lg
S MOUTON, comple
~opxsTrros. To t
SLa. Po-Ofwc as Second before
- . ever e:
APRILH 22, 1893. the "r
France
WJVLLL IHA VE ONE. donati
is ropm for sugar refineries purpo
_e.etal other manufactuiing en- ters w
in the several towns of the liver
And each of these towns, wishes
GaEaette makes bold to predict, In
. h- save one or more, in course of an ac:
1togi-.nd the time is limited only suf5ci
to the energy and enterprise- dis- factui
played by the people. doubt
Appearances indicate that Caren- neces
-ro will be the first to land a facto- finery
-y, athough not long ago rumors hood
were. rife to the effect that two 'gen- ter 1
tleman of means, and residents of ready
The neighborhood, had joined their Nc
.capital for the purpose of- erecting to da
a refinery within .a mile or so of ish o
Broussardville, but it failed to ma
terialize Qwing to one of the gen- ports
tiehnan fanling to come to time. mitte
The Gazette thinks that if the give
acreage now devoted to the cultiva- the c
tion of cotton was put in cane, the door
tonnage would be enough to give reap
a refinery, in each town, their full drea
quota of work.
.Now, then, let us show a desire L:
to rise up William Riley, and say to publ
each other, come along and let's try eral
ourbest, and with such thoughts ani- was
mating each one the result, in a few of t
years, will be marvelous. man
THE FORMAN CASE. mea
The case of the State of Louisiana
versus Willie Forman, charged with frau
the murder of J. G. Bertrand, at danu
Duson, some months ago, and the
which, upon the first trial, at the
term of court before this, resulted cou
in a disagreement of the jury, was hon
brought up last Monday, and after
a trial lasting two days and the best his
part of a night, resulted in a verdict enj
of manslaughter, with a recommen- enj
dation of mercy attached. tha
The particulars of the case are so cha
well known to the readers of The
Gazette that it would be a waste of col
time to again go over the details. cor
The case had attracted much.at
tention, in view of the"alleged des- acw
perate reputation of the accused,
coupled to the proclaimed state
ment that on account of large A
family connections, it would be, as mic
it had been in the past, well nigh tive
impossible for the State to secure a law
conviction, when one of the For- the
man's are concerned. The district wh;
attorney laid particular stress upon linj
this point, and made a forcible ar- p
gument of his side of the case. re
The following is the jury: Mar- the
tial Billaud, foreman; Charles Bil- chi
laud, Louis Deleglise, Henry Es- e
swein, Albert Labbe, Hazard Ber- the
nard, I. N. Satterfield, Armance ,a
Guilbeau, G. Abbadie, Auguste fac
Labbe, T. Estilette, Wm. Dural c
(colored.) ma
It appears that this young man ou
Bas been up before the authorities th:
many times, for a number of offenses ate
and among them were two accusa- we
tions of murder. Upon trial of the
first he was acquitted. m<
All this trouble can be traced to M°
the reprehensible habit of carrying he
weapons. Had Willie Forman and!
Columbus Spell left their pistols at be
home it is probable that J. G. Ber- m
trand would be living to-day, and pe
*Columbus Spell would have been
saved the suffering caused by the se
two wounds he received, and Willie
Forman, instead of now being on se
the threshhold of "the penitentiary
where a long stay may await him,
would be in the bosom of his fami
li,. a solace and joy, and spare them
the consequent disgrace entailed by ,
an act, that would not have been
committed if that pistol had been ,
left at home.
AN ASSURRED FACT.
It may be remembered that two
weeks since The Gazette called at- d
tintion to the formation of The a'
Teche Railroad and Sugar compa- h
ny and that it was the fixed purpose a
of the gentlemen at its head to C
build, at an" early day, a railroad
from Huron plantation, on Bayou i
T Ieche, to Carencro. That the ,
~t-oen any mean to carry out their a
-·~5 tntions The Gazette has all along
jeiehved, and we are happy to note
that it is coming.
: Through the courtesy of that pub
,j:> -'1spirited citizen, Mr. Romain
---tg"- , we have in our possession
abater. written to that gentleman
  . -5 A. Knapp, the moving]
it the projected railroad,
-the information is sought
Ia a thLrough "right of way"
Sw@'t its, whic!, we a
r4nd, will'be readfly graiint; `defray
f *-iaipl f rri tia'*t (-arencro; be a
be ptrclaeh at Cayqcro w ' uld
tgreeMnnt 4t the r iha11lleb pay o0
pleted in tuIa to take the cane. was thi
o the first question, as we stated them
ire, there is no difficulty what- woma
existing in regard to securing nook
"right of way;" the second Mr. bewai
acess has definitely settle4 by mingl
ating sufficient land for depot they
poses, and to the third, the plan- most
we are sure, will be able to de- mate
r enough cane to satisfy the heard
hes of Mr. Kniiapp. passe
n a year or two from the present cryin
acreage in cane will be cultivated blurt
icient to demand increased manu- the n
turing facilities, which will un- of afi
ibtedly be met, hence, this will and I
:essitate the erection of a large re- ings
try in the immediate neighbor- there
)d of Carencro, and for this lat- after
purpose, Mr. Frances stands office
dy to donate the land necessary. custi
low that a new era is beginning a m
dawn on that section of the Par- "Sal
of Lafayette, let the enterprising that
ople thereof see to it that the op- she
rtunity of a life time be not per- she
tted to escape them. Let them dow
re all proper encouragement to suit,
capital that is knocking at their one
,or, and in a few years they will lier
ap such posperity, as they never mee
eamed of. the
- mat
Last Sunday the Times-Democrat said
iblished a short biography of Gen- cler
al Alexander Declouet which J,
is eagerly read by the many friends and
this lamented chivalric gentle- gral
an, whose thoughts, time and quit
eans were ever so unselfishly de- noti
)ted to his people. In a career con
wvering part of a period that was cen
aught with so many threatening ease
angers to our constitutional liberty ber
te General's pen and voice were mo:
ter ready to defend uphold and en- was
ourage them. His life was full of usis
onors; not the least speck ever kn
rsted on the bright escutcheon of we,
is long life. The writer who a s.
njoyed the privilege of hiswa
cquaintanceship, can truthfully say pla
hat he was a kind, generous and act
haritable man. The necessarily ma
hort biography, limited to the wo
olumns of a newspaper, while in- the
omplete, furnishes an example of -.
rhat unselfish and high aims can
tccomplish.
no(
Society vs.Occupation. yol
A friend remarked the other day, that tre
'the occupation of the man or woman deter- sha
nined their position in the world, irrespec- bo
ive of their personal merit or intelligence."
This is unfortunately only too true. The
aws of society are iron-clad and dominate inm
he world with a ruthless disregard of even me
the slightest demands of equity. No matter fin
what may be the personal character or ster
ling worth of the man; the purity or righ
teousnese of the woman, and the honesty of we
purpose and virtue of the child. Society ly
relegates them to the background and debars be
them from the exercise of what belongs to th
them, should either the man, woman or
child- pursue an occupation that the tenets of ca
every locality's "four hundred" pronounce wt
in any degree menial. an
This is not right. It is a prostitution of
the first intention of God when he created m;
man, alik: in body and mind. The simple ne
fact that you or I have been educated to a TI
profession, or by some providential move of
fortune are elevated above the struggling
masses, in-so-far as money is concerned, is
not sufficient to warrant an assumption on
our part that we are in any degree better T
than our neighbor, who possessing all the
attributes of a perfect man or woman, has not
been able to rise above the crust of the p(
world and soar in the empyrean heights of w
Society's atmosphere. re
The position of the worker is rendered
more difficult by the sneers or unkind re
marks of they in the upper walks of life. Ji
Money means position, and were the veriest fc
beggar that ever asked alms from the pas- ec
ser by, by any untoward or unlooked for
stroke of fortune, be endowed with a supera
bundance of worldly goods,he would find as 3
many sycophants at his heels as ever fol- f,
lowed the footsteps of his brothers in pros- i,
perity.
Virtue, honesty, integrity, manliness, and aI
purity of mind and soul, are all made sub
servient to the insatlate M1oloch of human N
greed, and the honest man toiling for daily
sustenance, is like a wave on the heaving
sea of life, tossed hither and thither by
every wind, no identity or recogniton save o
when demanded by force of circumstance. I
If a girl tired of witnessing the daily grind a
of her parent's houshold and rising above
the teachings of her society, which admon- c
ishes the keeping up of appearances even if
the mother stays up at night and doe5 her
own washing, and accepts a position in de
partment of trade she at once loses caste.
It a man discard the white collar and clad s
in overalls, rolls cotton or firesan engine and
quits sponging on the world, society looks
askance and cuts him dead. One of these
days the world will recognize the fact that I
beneath the grime of honest toil, the heart f
heats and the brain works in as great a,
frame and with as pure an intention as ever I
dominated the actions of a set of curled and
scented darlings, who foolishjy imagine they I
are too good to breathe the same air with
honest industry.
All other things alike, why should the
occupation determine the station?--lorgan
City Advocate.
The foregoing brings to mind an
incident that happened during the
writer's steamboat days: A widow
and her young daughter took pas
sage at Pattersonville with the in
tention of boarding a steamboat at
New Orleans for St. L.ouis. She
was a poor and respecta6le woman,
whom a cruel fate had robbed of
some small means she once pos
sessed. Could she but reach St.
Louis, she was assured of a home
on a farsn not far from the city, but
w.sile those to whtom she was going
could give her a home they were
not abl.e t. provide the means to
the expenses of passige.
tscrtainq 4that: after -payyla Al~in
as.nge osthe first. b6at be is a asng
not have' enough money;o not the.
n the next,: and while the clerk did aot a
sinking of the best way to get on"
out of their sad plight, the think he
in and daughter secured a quiet tiatslf
on the boiler deck, and were teacher
fling their hard lot; their who ima
Led tears flowed freely, and deicienc
presented a picture of the ut- cause he
dejection and misery. The vine att
of the boat happening to pass image,h'
I the sobbing; shortly after he only exI
d again, and they were still less, inc
ever rea
ig. Approaching the ladies, he strse q
ed out: "Wat in the h-I is bringinj
natter? " Apprised of the state in his vi
fairs, he remarked with a pathos spent n
frmness that showed his feel- prumanc
: "By - , ma'm, you'll get Ishall
ei" The dinner bell rang soon sins of
r this scene had taken place; the palled
ers of the boat were in their ac- Long
omed seats, and the mate, in thevo
tatter of fact way, remarked : more ii
y, dere's a woman and her child oblignt
wants to get to St. Louis, and concer
has not sufficient money, but parent
has got to get there. Put me sc w
'n for $5." And all followed ter hoi
, with the single exception of rected,
-a pampered, band-box, "ho- While
-than-thou" sort of fellow-you lation
:t them in all walks of life. When ev
deprat
money was turned over to the are of
:e he approached the lady, and not a
1: "Main, take this, go to the the lat
k, and he will see you through." have a
oyous tears fell from their eyes tabli
I they began showering their matrir
teful thanks upon the mate, who as par
ckly walked away, and it was Thoul
iced that two big tears were it WOt
irsing down his cheeks. Des- The
iding to the lower deck and to t
e his pent-up feelings began to mater
.ate the deck-hands in language wisdo
re forcible than elegant. Here quest
s a man, of uncouth manners, nor
ng rough and coarse language- has n
ew no other-whose habiliments e,,,
re of the cheapest, in short, only contr
tern.moat mate, but in that breast I
.s as manly a heart as ever God bligh
aced in human breast. Place his ness,
t aside that of the tailor-made that
an; and, candidly, whose shoes edge
)uld you prefer to stand in before inter
e High Throne on judgment day? wou!
Buncoed. genc
Last Monday on the arrival of the after- In b
on train, Marshal Bradley noticed a white fewe
ung man, a stranger, seemingly in dis- men
tss, talking with S. M. Smith one of the
arks that have been infesting the neigh- ing
rhood of the depot. As soon as Smith all
w the marshal he took shelter. Upon be- As
g questioned by the marshal the young us k
an stated that Smith had approch him, and
tding out that'he was out of work, offer red to
troduce him to a doctor, across the way, who
ould give him work. The offer was eagcr
accepted, but the doctorid;d not happen to nevi
Spresent. By the slick methods known to
lose gentry, he was inveigled in a game of tha
.rds, and, of course, lost his money. Smith spc
as arrested, brought before the authorities the
ad ordered to leave, and he did. The tha
arshal says that he intends to break up this pr
efarious business if it takes all summer and sot
he Gazette believes he will. prI
Judge Felix Voorhies. fo
The Gazette was pleased to receive in
uesday a ca.l from its friend, Felix Voor- sol
ies, Judge of the 2ast Judicial District corn, thi
osed of the parishes of St. Martin and Iberia- fru
rho was on a short visit here to friends and tic
elatives.
Since his encumbency of the position
udge Voorhies has demonstrated his ability pa
or quick and thorough work. When he as- Fu
ended the bench about a year ago he sel
ound an encumbered docket with between
o50 to 400 cases, criminal and civil, but that
act did not seen to give him much concern, ve
nasmuch as he began with a vim that has W
ccomplished so much. th
To-day there are no cases pending in St. be
dartin, and in Ibcria, but a few, and these
vill be disposed of at the next term of court.
As an illustration of the expiditiousness P~
f his work we have only to state that at the Ti
ast term of court in Iberia, he decided 43 Y
ases and disposed of 75. A creditable re- or
:ord and one which any officer w&uild be
proud of.
Judge Voorhies in also a literateur, whose
writings have received ,flattering mnention by gt
tome of the literary men of Paris, and also ol
by the Athence Louisianais. The judge B
has received, on several occasions, offers to
publish his writings but has invariably re- Si
fused. The Gazette trusts that the gentle
man will reconsider his refusal, because it
has had the good fortune to enjoy the peru
sal of many of them, and it believes they p
would prove interesting and enjoyable to the le
general public.
There is not a town more advan- "
tageously situated than Lafayette :;
for manufacturing enterprises. The
obstacle is want of knowledge of the g
act, and were it known abroad, we a
have not the least doubt that the
money, brains and brawn that is so
essential would come to us. The ,
principal step is to reach the peo- h
ple we need, and how best to do -
this is the problem confronting us, C
and it should and can be solved,
but it will necessitate a small expen
diture of money.
The less reasoning power and the
fewer ideas a man has the more ar- I
bitrary and egotistical he is.
'ilOs 3Psrent.
aer A tile learnina. e
geus ttls ; dripk deep, or toauc,
e. etherial spring." He, of courss,
mean a "little educatlon Is danger- Council
Eor no one will contend thit it-is not the wit
:ial, even in homrep thic doses. I .aton
se llt in mind the ignorant parent;
f-sufficient individual with whom the 1893'
r so often comes in contact; the one give tl
aagines, whatever may be his mental like ac
ncies, that he is wholly capable of
sing'a school; he who believes be
he has, in one sense, exercised a di
ttribute, created a being in his own
,he isendowed with the knowledge that
ixperience can give. He also doubt
ncluded the superficial person who is
Cady to enter into the discussion of ab
questions of which he knows nothing,
ing ridicule and contempt upon himself
vain effort to appear wise. Having
much time in admonishing and re
nading children, it is no difficult task to
those of matured years-parents.
1I not attempt to enumerate any of their -
>f omission or commission; for I am ap
d at the number and magnitude of them. nnde
experience and close observation in for ti
vocation of teaching have convinced at the
hat a large proportion of the latter are oth
in need of instruction regarding their muci
ations as parents, than are the former Than
erning their duties as pupils. Until frienr
nts comprehend and practice. their du
with wisdom and discretion as patrons Lafa
chools, the efforts of teachers, no mat
tow intelligently and conscientiously di
:d, will be barren of the best results. lble
le I am aware that no amount of legis
in can wholly protect society against the
s resulting from man's ignorance and
ravity, and that the good and the evil
often so closely connected that we can
approach the former without meeting
latter, yet my trials in the school room
c sometimes suggested the thought that
ould be well if a tribunal could be es
ished to pass upon the mental fitness of
rimonial aspirants to perform their duties
arents, before issuing a license to marry.
,ugh such a law would not abolish, yet
ould modify the evils to which I refer.
village politician, would, of course,
pose a law of that kind, as it would cur
the number of voters, thereby diminish
:erial for his corrupt bartering. The J(
-om of exacting such a law is a deatable
stion, notwithstanding the idea is foreign
a free county like ours, where every Ios
oramus thinks he can teach, though he try,
never been taught, and that he can gov- a
though he has never learned how to brAi
itrol himself. lish
have in my avocation met so much o'r
ghting ignorance, and been retarded so mo
quently in my efforts to dispel the dark- -
is, which has, at times, enveloped me
it but for the general diffusion of knowl- B
ge the world over, and the necessity for
:elligence mingling with ign.ira nee,
,uld be disposed to le those who have n t
e desire to come into the light of intelli
nce remain in the darkness of illiteracy.
behalf of the latter state it might be said,
wer the cravings, fewer the disappoint
cnts, consequently more contentment.
it as one who favors leveling up, to level
g down, I must advocate the diffusion of
I knowledge of an elevating character
Smotion is a universal law of nature, let
keep in harmony with it by going aheal for
we do not advance, we shall retrograde.
I would not dare offer these random
oughts upon the derelicticn of parents if I
d not know that you, Mr. Editor, have
ever rocked the cradle. FELIX.
The people of Lafayette know
mat their parish is a higl.ly favored
pot; favored in climate, favored in
he fertility of its soil, favored in all
hat goes to create contentment and
rosperity. They know that the re
ources of her soil is susceptible of
roducing raw material that can be
manufactured into many articles of
ood and clothing. They are united
n the determination that those re
ources must be developed, and with
his determination maintained the
ruition of their hopes is but a ques
ion of a short time.
The April Arena contains a strong
)aper by Hamlin Garland on 'The
Future of Fiction." Dr. Alfred Rus
sell Wallace writes on The Wage
Worker and how he may be deli
rered from the Social Quagmire.
W. D. McCrackan discusses ",How
the Initative and Referendum may
be Introduced into our Govern
nent." Eva MlcDonald Valesh ap
pears in a striking paper on '-The
Tenement House Problem in New
York." Rev. Geo. Lorimer writes
on ,,Authority in Christianity," and
Mr. Flower discusses at length
,The Burning ind Lynching of Ne
groes in the South." Other papers
of interest in this number are by
B. F. Underwood, Katharine Cool
idge, Chester A, Reed, Helen E.
Starrett and Ailan Forman.
1000 Free Scholarships
You can have the"'Cosmopolitan Magazine"
pay your school or college expenses at the
leading colleges of the country-Yale, Vas
sar, Harvard, Ann Arbor, Wellesley, Uni
versity of Georgetown; the great schools of
art, medicine, music, the leading convents,
the schools of science or agriculture, all
are open to you. The "Cosmopolitan Ma
gazine" will signalize its first edition of
r5o,ooo copies for January t893, sent out
from its own printing-house and bindery, by
offaring one thousand scholarships at the
leading colleges and schools of the country
in consideration of work which any am
bitious young boy or girl can readily do
-work at once honorable and easy of ac
complishment.
If you wish to educate yourself-to have
your tuition, board, lodging and washing
paidi at any leading school or college without
putting the expense upon your parents, and
solely through your own efforts-send for
pamphlets giving full particulars to THE
CosmoIoitTAN MAGAZINE, Broadway, 5th
Ave and 25th St., ,ew York.
A- iiouncim o-fr.
LAviAYETTre La., Adril 20o, 893.
the ndesi ined, _sebmii per names
iates'for the af8f saf.h0yo- and,
men -for the town of Lifiayette, to
te Democratic voters of said corpo
t the r:ect'rn to be held on llay I,
.nd if elected, we shall endeavor to
e people an economical, business
ministration.
For .·lraor:
JULIAN MOUTON, 0
I"'r Caendcilre:n
LLFREI) HEBERT,
IENRY CHURCH,
I.FRED BONNET,
AMES HANNAN,
'ELIX DEMANADE,
FRED MOUTON,
F. C. TRIAY.
Card of Thanks.
behalf of the "'Little Diamonds" the
signed desires to return thanks to all
a substantial support accorded them
ir entertainment on the evening of the
nst. and especially to the kind friends 11
contributed with music and song so
towards the success of the occasion.
ks last, but not least,oto an esteemed
I, for the use of a magnificent piano.
R. C. GattO,
rette, April, 21, 1393
UNIQUE PHOTOGRAPHY.
3togrnphy Is tt ondarful rt. Ined.
itsl may seem Itls now jossible by the
the camera to show ti.O movements
,ird In Its flight, a horse at Its swiftest
te, or a btllot as It
~teavus tia c:n. Vory much
s:)ro that I.- most marvel
ous has hewn accomplish
cd n I ttot;ot'rttphy. 'rie Man
SptR;bls:lsers oC the rotown\i,
nl; "t!.pnrftrm-l-lyo-celk
trolt..M ;ch.) hMKvo reND ntlý
- |be cctIxptr1- .rttlnlg ills Lt
lnlrecttt oat t, rpilt and ae
.. .. . . ...'.. r.'t:..ci t:r oeft laec
O totr-a.Il and t:OW an
nouncer t.:t they Oar. p-"
Z ..! t irpre4 to tniant-e nrtl.t
cor-P lues at a ver low pric.
" wlti sona t.,oel " t ,olu:nbt.t hla otoa
s1.) &-I:d T:'" t,'".rily Iaarc 1'rs on 3
'or? ri. tr. It 13 IoCe Ju4'y to send.
icar rs : Htl b.'Ltcr atnd :or t sanmpl
of':'he trt)Irrss ani' learn tldio Tpar
.trr .I 's .raz;nal,.lo ler whi'tc.
L:wst . r., tlns ti .Vntawthgwe or.
urnal of Education,
Boston, Mass,
.blished weekly at Se-5 n rear. t.r c5 for 6
ha. Many of the alest ednatlrs in iL e roua
re regular contribetor to its acoltmns. It has a
amount of every day. prn:tical mnatlter for
ers of all grades. Its departnlalta coar esvery
h of educational wuocr:.
four page oupplement to the J-ocot' . is LAi
d monthly. conotainig the Naiw Vorl: Statc L';i
Examination Que.tiona anti Answcrs.
r,, 25 centS, sM"'te.  e
JAL TRIP wI ltIen the JaIn.p. for lir,
the postpaid. Nample copy LreTe.
TTAKERY, LEOT CE GUIDRY,
NUMA BROUSSARD, I.
BINET MAKER AND
FURNITURE REPAIRING I
OF .\I.L. KINDIS.
Lnurnng of Banisters, Scrtll alint'crs,
icy andL Plain Mantels, lancy Glass
,rs of all kinds, Brackets, etc., etc.
J.4bg!, tt.', L a. I1"]
a -- -
AHOW TEO S WALE GOOD FI
COUNTRY ROADS, mI *
Sma8ke them STAY GOOD.-
ty ' at rvemeit o 3 oar Nos News
A Sddressm and Fed, r Cout ? *t
adelu. .asOan D AI OAIs
tl, IRw. UdU, . N. O. .
LAFAYETTE b
BLAOKS1VIITH,
WHEELWRIGHT AND SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Bank Building.
liED. MIOUTON, - - - Proprietor.
l.,wcst prices, consistent with work tlone.
ill work promptly attencled to. Satisfaction
tarantced.
ALBERT de I HOUSSAYE,
3AKER & CONFEC.IIONER
Vermilllon .trect. Lafayette, La.
H. C. Salles,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan street.
-AFA Y ETT7, " - ,L.
F. R. TOLSON, M. D.
PR. C TICIA'G P11 I'SICIA, .V,
)ricee .t Residee, : : : LAFATBTTB. LA.
E. G. VOORHIES,
4 TTORN'E }" A T LA IV
ANn NOTARY PUBLIC.
R. W. ELLIOTT,
ATTOR\'IV A ," L.4 I and 'O)T.IRY
I'UBI.IC.
adyeVal,, La.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
A 7"TORVE'S A T LA Wv.
C. DEBAILLON,
Lawyer.
[V.? pract'-e iA Lafaysetf:, SI.
Mar,' and Icrmi ian lhar sk.t., astd
"l Saprem: and Fede.,al Comrts a:
p. lo. ras and Newr Or/earns.
Lt rVtTr.. ~t,.
IneMillinery
,1 N,
E . - t.
New Storel
Alex. Delahoussaye,
Has Just Opened next to Lasoste's a General
~-rocer'y Store
'here at all times will he found the freshest and finest grades of goods in his line.
An invitation is extended to all to call at his store.
G. LACOSTE,
-DEALER IN
toves, Harness, Carriages
and WACONS,
afacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cultivators, Disc IIarrow Lcaver Drag
Hlarow, Stalk Cutter, Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, Hlay Rakes, Road Carts.
Corner of Jefferson and Vermillion Streets, LAPAYEiTTE, LA.
and Attorney, Surveyor, and
-Real Estate Agent.
ALSO REI'IREKNTIN(G TIlE
MANHATTAN
2* Loan Association.
his company i,;.'tiates o,.,,' on real egnat", making payments of prin.:ipal quire as easy
tere.,t 1ay'nwts onm the o! I ilan of loh,,s. For f uther information adress or appily to
Welman Bradford, -
Agent, Rayne, La.
'HERE is A STOIIE
".N! "'1TSmI'llWEST
C:o1. (a)i(.1'I'-IIOUSE
Jhere Pure Drug-, P.l ent Mc li it;. , "l'.ilct .\rticle,
1 Stationtary, etc.. Finc t 'i.:,s , ndl th'e lmt.::t ." Wi". ..
anmtl .iqum ors fur tctlih it:al 1.: tposei , are ,o, ! at rea
sonal,!e prices.
Also a few fine (;rocer;zs re t . be .i a::.l so,Le
h ardware. "
IIS I'LACE IS OWNED BY B ST, E G.
r, .-·. , ; E(G.
'he Singer .
Sewing Machine.
the be-;t in the wor'l. I.',ght Rutnn , Durabl , Noisc'css, Simple.
J. CHARLES BAUDIER
eneral Agent For Lafayette Parish.
Office at J. P. Buhler Shoe Store
NOTICE S. Georgiades,
The undersigned wishes those who Manfacturer of hih grade can
irrowemt tools from him to return same II Manfacturr of high grade can
rce as I need them. WM. TANNER. (lies, of every kind, and snakes a
I.afayette, lMarch 30, 1893. a specialty of the
"BOSS CHEWING CANDY"
anti especially the "BOSS CHOCO
H.L. Monnier, ATE CHEWING( CANDY."
D,.,,,,. In (Grand Opening Sunday
OF MY
-enerai ICE CREAM PARLOR,
where choice Ice (:ream, delicious
Merchandise I,.cuonades, etc., wil always be
kept.
Fresh Groceries always on hand. Orders for parties, weddings, etc.,
filled at short notice. HIe also
"Old Tavlor" Whise handles tobacco, cigars, cigarettes,
Old etc., and his establishment is on
Malin street.
A. . MARTIN, RAILROAD BARBER SHOT,
-AGENT FOR LAFAYETTE.- Lincoln aae., near depot.
JOIIN VANDERGRIEF, Proprietor.
Ladles' ind Chlldren's RlIreuttlal at Demici4e
The "'Old Taylor" is the best Cash tells the story.
Whiskey that experience, skill and
Come and see
expenditure can produce. It is the
perfection of distillation from grain. ]Iout n Bros.,
. CONSTANTIN., M elandise
LafayetteLa. Paroprietor. M e cha di
E. Priollaud, Lowest prices consistent
with quality of goods.
Watmaker DR. T. B., Hopkins
Jewelerer aving returned to Lafayette, of
wfers his professional services to the
" "eaer Ia citizens of this place and the sur
Rich Jewelry, Watches, Dia- rounding country.
monds, etc. Office at former reside ., and at
ce.' nBuale. C.srt.-se sq.-are. night andi at night at Ke dy's old
qLafayette, La. residence.