=, -Z 3VM : Y I*ATU A:D
1IP.R tOUtTON. - - Paehizaroa.
eFIAL JOUMAL OF THIS PARISH.
as,read at the Lafayette La. Post-Of ce as Second
(Class Mattner.
SATURDAY, SEPT. 28, 1895.
NOTICS.
ht political matter of a personal nature. will be
Shasead to cents a line for one insertion in this pr
per: resolutions of respect. etc.. n cents l line: an.
nouncements of paid entertainments, balls, etc.. a
cents a line: obituaries of ten lines or less, free. and
of more than ten lines. 5 cents a line.
A STRANGE MLEETING.
There was a meeting at Domi
nique Boneaud's in the first ward
last Sunday, and from all accounts
it was one of the most dismal fail
ures that it has ever been our duty
as a journalist to chronicle. By
what authority it was convened we
are unable to say. It was certainly
not vested with authority by the
'parish committee for that honorable
body has not yet come together;
and it is hardly probable that it has
received its powers from a higher
authority such as Chairman WVilkin
son of the State Central Committee,
or Harrity of the National organi
. zation, and we do not believe that
even the "'Society for the Crema
*tion of Bosses and Dictators"
could be guilty of such a breach of
Democratic etiquette. Like kings,
perhaps the organizers of this singu
lar convention, disregarded all
earthly sources for a bestowal of
power, and believed themselves
designated by divine inspiration to
shape the political destinies of the
first ward of Lafayette parish.
The meeting was called to order
by a gentleman of pronounced anti
administration proclivities, who
proceeded to explain that its pur
pose was to nominate a candidate
for Police Juror of the ward, stat
ing that said candidate would be
entitled to the undivided support of
the Democratic party. Though
this declaration might have ema
nated from a high authority, few of
the gentlemen present would be
reconciled to this manner of noini
nating a candidate. The chairman,
who, it seemed, was beat on making
ferocious onslaughts on Cushing's
parliamentary laws, announced that
he would appoint six gentlemen who
would in turn appoint six others,
the twelve to constitute a committee
to select a candidate for Police
Juror. It was a hard matter to find
twelve gentlemen willing to serve on
the committee, but finally the re
quired number was secured. The
committee then retired and after
mature deliberation made a report 1
to the chairman who proclaimed
that the result was the nomination
of Mr. Alonzo Lacey, a worthy citi
zen of that ward, for Police Juror.
The chairman stated that Mr. Lacey
was selected by a majority of one,
which, by the way, is quite strange
when it is considered that the com
mittee was composed of twelve r
members. By what process of fig
uring this remarkable conclusion p
was reached will probably remain
one of the strange features of this is
very strange meeting.
The Gazette is reliably informed IL
that the choice of the committee
was not submitted to the converntion, w
but it was declared irrevocable and
binding. Few will insist that this cI
way of nominating a candidate: is in 1
consonance with Democratic usage, s
but all will concede that is a de '
sided improvement on the jury sys
temni. In criminal cases the verdict
must be unanimous and in civili
suits two-thirds are required to ren
der a judgment, but here we are hi
presented with a case where the
majority of one in a jury of twr'de- lii
sett'es the point at issue beyond th
dispute. w
The majority of those present I
were attracted there through c:trios- It:
ity and loo~ked upon the whole pro
ceetlings as a huge joke.
• VOT SO DARK.
em
'Thingsn may not be as bright as e
they nusl to be, or as they should tr
:he b. tO the one who has watched si
..~odiei ) the actual trend of business, w
is it not manifest that tile tidle of
Sprosperity is slowly but surely turn- G"
Sing f t mere fact that values to
Shave stopped in their declining "
"onurse, is, in itself a most encour- th
"aghg. indication, but the further
. fact that the) hav. even started to wi
go up a clear evidence of a de- Pi
:.ci.ed improyement. The time has1
been-nd it is not to l-ng agoat
~ither-that the dark c& of dis- re.
icouragment hung heal .y over the wl
Sitole situation. No one had en- p
. ry. t eonfidence, or self-reliance "
to attempt at. y enterprise, I
y seemed to appre- 5
a~t sa abstte coaPSe v.*.i~s; t
what the near future had in store
for us. Now, there is, undoubted
t. y, a more hopeful feeling. In our
own little town, there are indisputa
'. ble proofs that trade has b-en steadily
improving. A number of large
houses have been built, a sugar re
f finery is in the course of construc
tion, and innumerable other things
may be cited to prove that we should
not take a too pessimistic view of
the present and future.
be When the Wilson tariff bill be
pA
came a law, the Republican press
d prophesied all sorts of dire results,
- but despite all this foreboding
there is irrefutable evidence that the
ii- general trade of the country is
rd experiencing a healthy growth.
ts The instinctive kicker may tell
3- us that we are optimistic and tnere
ty is no fact on which to base the
ly hope that there are better times
re ahead. One might as well say that
ly because the sun can not be seen in
re all its splendor there will be no day.
le The glimmer of light which may be
r; seen above the horizon is a sure
as sign that before long the sun of
er prosperity will pierce its way through
1- the vanishing clouds.
C, NE IFSPAPERS IN SCHOOLS.
What the- practical teacher has
always done in. the spare moments
of his school day, educators are
now suggesting as a systematic fea
ture of the instruction we give to
s' youth. There is an element of
absurdity in acquainting young
minds with the minutiae of classic
history, while permitting them to
remain comparatively, and in many,
o cases totally, ignorant of contempo
eary events. Perhaps it is due to,
this perversion of good s nse that c
the very name of scholar is fre- I
quently associated in the public
0 mind wit:. a person standing aloof i
from living things and absorbed in
e the men and affairs of other ages.
This mummified species of classic
e ism is going out of favor. The'
past and the present are both inter- f
esting as battlefields of the great !
war of humanity. But the one is
strewn with mounds and headstones
e and crumbling skeletons, the other t
with actual breathing men. To be
sure it is clouded with the smoke of
g conflict and cannot be so distinctly c
s studied. But there is value in leal
ing even young children up to the
edge and showing them the fray in i
which later they must take part as
combatants. f
The proposition has . been t
made to use the newspapers
as aids in the new course of instruc
tion. There are excellent weekly a
Sdigests of current affairs wvhich are 4
r worthy in every respect to stand
beside the text-books commonly ic
used. The suggestion is interest
ing, both as a sign of progress in
educational science and as a fresh b
recognition of the position which: t
journalism occupies in modern life.
Pa'wnee Bill's (-Great Comnbined fi
Shows.n
A new and desirable era has been inaugu- tc
rated by the fortuitous blending of these
great combined shows. What the Pawnee l
Bill show is and what it has been for the Ic
past 12 years is so patent it. everybody, that ic
it is like gliding rcfincdl gold and painting i
the lily to descant on its well-knuown super- i
iority. Nothing then can be more mieritor
ious andi attractive than its limitless wealth Y'
of cnsrolidate l marvels; and as space s p
hlmited, we can therefore only give a brief
outline. IFirst, we wouhl C all attention to
Major Gordon W. Lillie (Pawnee Bill). the
white chief of the Pawnees. and late hero of I )
Oklahoma; with too genuine Indians, brave in
cow boys, noted scouts andl trappers, in- N
cluding Gray Eagle a2. chief of the Sioux
Indian', and several of his tribe, including na
Red Cloud. Spotted Tail andl several h,
squaws and -appooses: also bandl of Mlohlave el
and Iigger Indians. Special attention iss
called to Miss May Lillie, champion horse
hack rifle shot of the world; l)ot 'Pullmtan a
in her wotnderful performanice of the revol- 5
ving globeu; wonderful feats of horseman- ill
ship by Senor lose Valasques, riding atnd
driviing 35 flying horses at one time: a herdI
of Ibutial ecs and w-ild Texas steers: thrilling ise
hippodrtne races by genuine Mexicans, in- to
cluding chat int races, hurdle races, standing co
races and all kindls of comical races. 4o th
lfirst-clasf ipertormcrs, to beautifutl setno:ritas,
anld a hlst of otiers. Come early, n see sa
the grand street parade; bands of mutitsc,
wil beast cavalcade; also a grand, free V
ipefformnance. worth coming miles to see--It th
costs you ntttthi:tg. The price of admission th
has beell placed within thei reach of all. o
lnMaking it tle cheapest and best show on
eart h.m:
Lincoln's Helcsitancy To Marry. L
Letters from Lincoln to his clos- ed
est frientl, Joshta Fry Sleed, sub- va
sequttent to the latter's mnarriage. be- i"
tray an anxious and impl>atient de- ye
sire to learn if marriage is a path- "
way of flowers anti sllalight, and an
not of darknjes antd pain the two ain
hadl morbidly feared it to bc. John de
Gillner Speed presents these hither- i-P
to unpublished letters bearing upon vI
"Licoln's Hesitancy to Mcarrv.' in
the October i.adlies' Home Journal.
In one L.incoln says: la
"It cannott be told how it now thrills me p
with jroy to hear you say yout are "fnr hap- zet
pier than you ever expectel to ie.' That pa
mttcl I know is enougt. I know you two
well to sapp,se your expectations were not,
at least sonmetimes, extravagant, ald if the eCXj
reality exceeds then nall, Isay, enough dear of
Lord. I am not going beyond tile truth 29,
when I tell you that the short space it took I Ir
ate to read vour last letter gave me more
pleastrst thaI the sum total of all I haIse en- 1o0
nyed since the fatal first of January, 1341. clu
Since then, it Seems to ame, I should have sai
been entirely happy but for tl'e never-ab-I
sent idea that there is or.e (referring to Miss th
.May Todd) who ja t;il unhappy., whom 1 Car
re kills y soul. I cannot but reproach my
self for even wishing to be happy while she
t- is otherwise. She accompanied a large
party in the railtoad cars to Jacksonville
last Monday,-and on her return spoke so
a- that I heard of it, of having enjoyed the
trip exceedingly. God be praised for that.
One thing I can tell you which I know you
Ce will be glad to hear, and that is that I have
. seen Mary and scrutinized her feelings as
well as I could, and am fully convinced she
C- is far happier now than she has been for the
s last fifteen months past."
Id Eight months after Speed had
married Mr. Lincoln wrote him:
f "But I want to ask a close question:
'Are you now in feeling as well as judgment
e. glad that you are married irs you are?'
From anybody but me this would be an im
SS pudent question not to be tolerated; but I
know you will pardon it in me. Please an
swer it quickly, as I am impatient to know."
ig Mr. Lincoln's object in asking
1e this "close question:'" is manifest.
is Mr. Speed gave the answer quickly
and sat;sfactorily, and on the
11 fourth of November (1842), one
month exactly after the question
re had been submitted, Mr. Lincoln
1e was married.
City Council Proceedings.
t LAFAYETTE, LA., Sept. to, 1895.
Folllowing ordinance was offered by O. C.
M. outon:
e - "An ordinance proclaiming the result of
re the election held at the court-house in the
town of Lafayette on the second day of
h September, eighteen hundred and ninety
five, at which wqs submitted to the electors
qualified to vote under the general election
laws of the State, and residing within the
corporate limits of the town of Lafayette,
whether they concurred in, consented and
s acceded to the proposed annexation to the
e corporate limits of said town, certain lots or
- land contiguous and adjacent thereto, under
o provisions of acts 105 of x892."
Whereas the returns of the election held
at the court-house in the town of Lafayette
g on the second day of September, eighteen
c hundred and ninety-five, submitting to the
o electors qualified to vote under the general
election laws of the State and who resided
they concurred in, consented and acceded to
0 the proposed annexation to the territorial
corporate limits of the town of Lafayette,
certain lots or land contiguous and adjacent
c to the corporate limits of said town, and de
scribed in the proclamation or notice of said
i election as follows: Starting at the bridge
on the coulee west of said town between
the properiies of Henry Hohorst and Dame
-Anita Hohorst, wife of Dr. Franklin J.
e Mouton, and running from thence along
said coulee, north 863$ west, a small ash, 33
feet; north 67 cast, a small ash, 36 feet;
thence N. % cast, 3oo feet in Hlohorst's
pasture; thence N. 273{ E. too feet; thence
sN. ra){ E., i79 feet in cemetery 2oo feet;
thence NI. 15 E., 389 feet; thence N. i83
E., 110 feet; going from cemetery to Mrs.
Judice's place, 470 feet; thence N. 7'/ ,V.,
Soo feet; thence N. 20 E., 300oo feet to south
) east corner of Arthur . Greig's property;
thence N. Ji E., 623 feet to the lbig ditch,
looo feet to trublic road leading to Scott,
'553 feet to the Louisiana \Vestcrn railroad,
653 feet to the north side of sal I railroa I;
thence E. o024;. thence south 77.E., 660 feet
to the Morgan railroad (L. V. division) 1250
Sto center of Morgan road, 176o to the puIb
s lie road leading to ltreaux Biridge, St1o feet t
into Dr. F. S. Mudd's field, 3S2o feet to the
southwest corner of his garden, 3900oo feet S.
about 75 feet beyond l)r. Mudd's residence,
4300oo feet in I)r. M.udd's back lot. T'hencte
S. 3334$ E. from I)r. Mudd's to public road
leading to Breaux Bridge, 94o feet to Men
tor Richardl's lot, 1050 feet into Crow
Girard's property, 179u to stake.
Thence south, 55 degrees west, 7o feet
between Nicholson and Cockrane, 846 feet
to I)owdell, 864 feet to stake. Thence S.
27 WV., 89o feet to Chargois, 950 feet to red
oak (2 feet in diameter) thence 46 1V., so05
feet to N. E. corner of Roundhouse yard,
1520 feet to main line Morgan R. Ry., o82o
to Mouton addition; thence S. 29 W. 1414
feet to oak lane, 265o feet to public road
lea-ling to Pinhook. Thence N. 49 WV. fol
lowing the public road 9goo feet to a coulee
in front of the residence of M. E. Girard.
S. 54 W. to southeast corner of Mr. Girard's
yard. Thence S. 76 WV., in Mr. Girard's
pasture, looo feet in l)r. F. Mouton's
field. Thence N. 85 W\., 462 feet an oak,
(2 feet in diameter) south of D)r. Mouton's
barn, 500 feet to a coulee. Thence follow
ing the coulee to the bridge, starting point,
N. ,2 E. 586 feet, have been made to the
municipal authorities within forty-eight
hours after the closing of the polls at said
election of Sept. ad. 1895; And whereas,
said returns of election have been recorded
and transcrilbedt in the public record book
wherein the ordinances or official proceed
ings of the rcorporation of Lafayette are us
unlly kept anti also heing permanently pre
served amlong the official records of said
Stown; Therefore, be it resolved bIy thile city
council: That proclamation of the result
thereof is hereby given in accordance with
Isaid returns to Ie as follows, to-wit:
Votes cast at said election, fifty-four:
SVotes in favor of proposed anne-ation, fifty
three; Votes against proposed annexation,
one.
N ow therefore, proclamation is hereby
made by the City Council of the town of
Lafayette by virtue of the powers in it vest
ed by law, that a majority, in number and
value, of the qualified electors residing with
in tl.e corporate limits of thle town of L.afa
yette, voting at said election hIelI ol the
second day of September, eighllteen hundredl
and ninety-five, have vottd in favor of the
annexation of the I>ts or land describedl and
defined in the preamble of this ordinance,
biy virtue of anti in compliance with the pro
visions of act to5 of the General Assembly
• f this State, approved July 7th, 1892.
lec it further resolved etc., that this pnroc
lamaticon of the result of sail election he
ptlublished for ten days in The l.afayette Ga
zette and The Lafayette Advertis.er, news
papers published in said town.
le it furth'r proclaimed, that from the
expiration of the proclamation of the result
of such election as aforesaid to-wit: Sept.
29, 1895, the lots or land dcscribc.l in the
preamble of this resolution an.l proclama
tion, shall Ibe ipso-facto, annexed to and in
cluded in the territorial corporate limits of
said to'vntuf Lafayette, con t:'u'n g a la:'t
thereof, and be subject to the jurisdiction,
control and authority of the municipal am
tlzr.ti:cs t *.:uit'! "-""n - Y €a··t: . .,- - ::, .
't and to all intents and purposes as if the same
e had been originally included in the territor
isal limits thereof in its Legislative charter
o of I536.
e The following are the votes: Yeas: O.
t. C. Mouton, J. O. LeBland, Leo Doucet and
u Jos. Ducot.:. Nays: None.
C 'There being no further business the
` Council adjourned to meet on Monday,
e October 7, at 4 o'clock p. m.
A. J. MOSS, Mayor.
BAXTER CLEGG, Secretary.
Reasons Why You Should Locate
In Southwest Louisiana.
sst. It's healthy: not subject to epidemics: has the
lowest death rate in the states (8 to ,.ooo: more old
people to population than elsewhere: nine tenths
I population whitaI northern people almost invariably
gain increased vigor, recuvtr from catarrh, are re
lieved of kidney diseases. They are out of doors
more. It, helps rheumatisn and strengthens the
lungs A radical change like this will add ten years
to the average life.
ad. Good rainlal., evenly distributed. St to 6o
inches annually.
V 3d. The cvenest, the best climate in the United
States.
eth. Prairie sad timber in best roportiono Good
e clay soil with hard pan sub soil. Good water o to
2o feet through clay. No stones, stumps, roots or
1 other obstructions. Well covered with an excellent
sod of wild grasses of mnedim quality which can be
replaced with Bermuda or Lespedesa (Japan clover).
best grasses known.
5th. Crops are more valuable here Louisiana
grows on an average, by census. Sao per acre to the
northern States 8. Sugar cane yields so tons per
acre, each ton as valuable as wild hay North yield
ing only x4 tons average. Rice is grown on new
sod before rotting and yields so barrels per acre,
valued at 3 a barrel, gives an income of $3o as
acre and costs Sen to grow it. Such land can be
bought at $5 to $zo an acre; improved, gSo to Sao per
f acre.
6th. - The nearer the gulf the healthier the cli
e mate and earlier the season.
f 7th. All hardy vegetables, such as radishes, tur
nips. lettuce and cabbage.grow all winter.
8th. Figs and oranges are at their best here. Ja
pan kid glove oranges commence bearing at one or
Stwo years from budding: will do well anywhere in
Sn outhwest Louisiana bring the highest price in
market and are better flavored.
e 9th. Pears of a few varieties do well. Blackber
ries and dewberries (wild or tame) and strawberries
do well.
Sioth. Nut bearing trees are at home here and are
very profitthble.
e rath. Poultry does exceedingly well.
Lath, Stock of all kinds do well; horses, mules,
hogs. sheep and goats.
r t th. Altitude. 6o feet. Too flat to wash, too
high to overflow.
s4th. We grow sugar cane and rice in perfection:
the only field crops we import. On both crops we
have a good proit, without tariff or bounty.
C th. The climate, the conditions, the fruit (fie
orang:e. pomegranate, grape and persimmon) all in
n dicate plainly that this is the long lost Rden.
Write to nearest Southern Pacific Representative
Sfor Route. anid Rates. S. F. B. Morse. G. P. & T
.1 A.. New Orlrane. La.
Protection to Game and Poultry.
r The undersigned will pay $50 bounty to
the persons making the highest number of
I points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,
La., before the 1st day of January, 1896,
as follows:
$25 to the one making greatest number o
I points.
$15 to the one making next greatest num
ber of points.
Slo to the one making next greatest num
ber of points.
Value of different heads are to be counted
by points, as fellows.
I POINTS POINTS
Large IHawk....15 Wild cat ..........15
Small hawk. .........15 Coon........5......5
O wl .................. O possum ............5
M ink ......................5 W easel . 5. ,5
Skurk ............ 5 Fo ...........
Heads of birds of prey and scalps of ani
rmals to be delivered to Wim. Clegg who will
give receipt for points, no bounty to be paid
for less than five hundred points.
F. F. M L[.ES.
Notice -
I.afayette, I.a., Sept. 23, 1895.
The co-part erslhip heretolore existing
under the firmti naiae of P". D)eM.an;de & Co.
is hereby dissolved bIy mutual consent-Mr.
Paul 1)cManade, having acquired all the
assets etc., of said co-partnershit, will con
tin:te the business % his own n.tnte at the
uamne stains and will be alone responsible for
the liabilities.
P. DR)'.tA.Nr,
E. J. H ItcacNuo rfrrAs.
For
Bilious
Headache
"I tried a good.many remedies
for sick headache and biliousness,
with which I was troubled for a
a long time, but it was not until
I began takinmg
A EYR'S
Cathartic Pills
that I received anything like per
manent benefit. A single box of
these pills did the work for me,
and I am now free. from head
aches, and a well man."-CrUA
I IUTc'rc NG, East Auburn, Me.
Medal
And Diploma
At World's Fair.
In
Poor
Health
means so much more than
you imagine-serious and
fatal diseases result from
trifling ailments neglected.
Don't play with Nature's
greatest gift-health.
If yon are feellnag
u t of sorts, weak
hausted, nervous,
Browns and
have no appetite
oteros. A few bot
S tties enre-betieft
comes from the
Bitters i
. _ pleasant to take.
It Cures
Dyspepstla, Kidney and Liver
Neauralgia, Trouables,
ConsUtpation, Bad Blood
Mtalaria,. Nervoues lasmeats
Woenm 's complaltss.
net ounly the enuine-i has crossed red
Pet Views add book-free ."c
BROWn CHEMIUCAL C.. ALTIMORE. MD. `t
tH For Sale.
"' THE "LONG"' PLANTATION
r on Bayou Vermilion, abtroIt 6 miles
in rear of Lafayette, La., now un
* der lease to Ad. Von Kalckstein,
d until December 31, 1895. Con
e tains about zooo acres superior
r, arable land, fine residence and new
barn, also- gin house with machin
ery, cabins, outhouses, etc., and
some fine wood land; well adapted
to the culture of sugar, cotton or
e rice; possession January 1st, 1896.
For further particulars apply to
i Judge C. DeBaillon, Lafayette, La.,
or to Messrs,W. I. Hodgson & Son,
l New Orleans, La.
Good 8evirce. Prompt Returns.
SCOLUMBIA .
.. RICE MILL,
NEW YORK.
The undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
u. above mill which is among- the
largest and best equipped of its
or kind in the United States; solicit
' ing for it a share of patronage.
es Rice milled only on toll.
re If desired will make liberal cash
advances immediately on receipt of
goods.
Shipments should be made in
strong bags and marked plainly so
as to be easily identified.
Bags returned or accounted for.
, Sales guaranteed and- accounts
, rendered promptly.
DAN TALMAGE'S SONS.
115 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
NEW ORLEANS.
1- CHARLESTON.
d
I.D. V. Gardebled
PHARMACIST,
5 and dealer in
ii Drugs. Patent Medicinces,
Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
_ tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
houas of the day and night. Everything o
g be found in a first class drugstore.
f 'Ne xt to Falk's Opera House.
'i GEO. A. DEBLANC
--dealer in
f WOOD, LIME PITrsa's COAL
Wholesale and retail.
Machine-Sawed & Split Ash
Stove Wood.
Cypress and Pine Kindling.
All Orders Promptly Attended to.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - I.OUISIA:;A.
Office and Yard near K. it. Depot.
n45-r.
KILL-GERM
OURES ITOH
IN 30 MINUTES.
Cures Mange on Dogs.
Cures Scratches quicker than
any other known remedy.
Cures all skin diseases..
For sale by
'VM. C,.E;CGG.
Ohasmberlain's Eve and Skin Ointment
Is unequalled for Eczema, Tetter, Salt
Rheum, Scald Head, Sore Nipples, Chapped
[Lands, Itching Piles, uirns, Frost Bites,
Chronic Sore Eyes and Gr.nulated Eye Lids.
For sale by druggists at 25 cents per hox.
TO rORSE OWNERS.
For putting a horse in a fine healthy con
:dition try Dr. Cady's Condition Powders.
They tone ua the system, aid digestion, cure
loss of appetite, relieve constipation, correct
kidnev disorders and destroy worms, giving
laow life to an old or over-worked horse. 25
.nts per package. For sale by druggists.
Improve Your
_Stock.
By Breeding
to Pure Bred "Hot.srEtsr BULL."
Breckinrildge.
Fee, $42.50
Pure Bred Jersey Bull,
Beecher
Fee, 2.50.
Pure Bred Red Jersey IHong,
OSCAR WILDE.
Fee, $i.O0
UJual Prrltlege of Returrn
AT F. [. F.MVI1,S.'
NCar Il3ayette, la.
Notice: To Ta.e-payers.
Notice is h~eby given that the tax-roll
for tS95S is now on file in myi office, and all I
taxes are due. -On morvalle proplerty, taxcS
w'ill become delinquent on Oct. r., u95:
an-I on imrmovable property they will becomec
dtilinqnent on i)ec. 3. 1895. Tl'o avoid I
costs tax-payers are urged to settle ltfore i
t'l. aliove datns. I. A. BREqrssaRnn !t
Shcrif atl 1Tax -: ,,ll' ..f I .alfp:yet~ e prnlk.
HOLD U.P i
All the Latest Styles In
Furnishing C--oods
Shioes, Hat-Ta.t
NEW STOCK NOW READY AT
L. LEVY & SON.
Furniture and Stoves.
LEON PLONSKY
Still Leads with a Complete Stock of
DRY GOODS
Clothing, Hats. Shoes. Underwear.
All in the Latest:Styles.
Tennent. Stribbling & Co. 's Button Shoes for Ladles and
Misses from $1 to $4 a Pair.
THERE IS A STORE
ON THE SOUTHWES r
COR. COURT-HOUSE
SQUARE,
Where Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of Wines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices
Also a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
Hardware.
TH|IS PLACE IS OWNED BY YD7[" C¬LEG G
G. LACOSTE,
--DEALER IN
Stove s, Harness, Carriages
and WACON,
Manufacturer's agict' for WValking and Riding Cultr tors, 'Iisc Hlarrow Leaver
" larow. Stalk Cutter. Corn and C ,tton Planter,.. Sulky Plows,
Turning Plows, Hay Ra.kcs, Road Carts.
Corner of Jlefferson and Vermillion Streets. LAPAYETTE. LA.
"Things of the past are dead buried, and forgotten."
I am now in a position to more than
MEET COMPETITION
I can make good toy assertion with the proof. My son, HENRY BEN
DEL, lives in New York. This gives me
UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
Over Competitors to Have a
Resident-Buyer
In New York
B. FALK, Lafayette, La.
At the Store of _
Mrs. John O. Mouton
Will be found
Fine Hats And Bonnets,
And all the Millinery Novelties,
Dress Goods, Shoes e
JAind Stockings.
- m .i .,~
ORLEANS HOTEL,
MRS. ALF. VOORHiE8, Prop.
BO)ARI) DY TIHE DAY, \WEEIK, OR
MONTII. RATES REASO(NA fI...
L.afayette, -- - - - .a.
C. Jennaro,
SHOE-MAKER,
sakes a good, durable shoe. Good lit
guaranteed.
Nfr. Jenmaro will also give music Icssan
in all kinds of brass i nstruments and ciari
A New School.
Miss Ma:lud 1fo1i, of Ncw Iberia, assistced
by Mrs. Foter Brly who will teach French.
still open a primary school ott Sept. a, 1895.
in the Antonnn Carro building. Stcnc
Srnllhv. p :: ·-* l an I iiistruntezi tzl nt usi fui ill
CO'1'TON!
I will pay the hligliest market
prices for co~tto!n.
J. C. COLXII.LON,
I.afay*ette. La.
Fur SaIl. - -
Three* good lots for business
stands. On Lincoln ac'enui, op:
yo.: -rc -;panrki:.Apply-l-