ifrP. What the
edad neer baLd
Limoited "ka5in" ren*
Sile, norida apd Savan=
the a ch: T. T.Ve. erin
te rom the Southene to Chicago
1. L & D. and, Monoa Route,
"World's Fair Route."
trains leave Jacksonville, 6:8
va:na 8:10 p.m., AtlBanta 6:85
.Chattanooga 11:40 a. in., arriving
ti 10:40 p. in., Chicago 7:55
. q the fastest schedule ever in
ted from the South to Chicago.
will leave rNew Orleans the vie
0:00 p. n., Birmingham 7:00 a.
ttanoopa 11:40 a. in., Lexington
i- , Georgetown 8:80 p. in., ar
U 10:40 p. in., arrive Chi
7 5 a. in. No change of cars. See
our tickets read via the above
lines. Returz.in there will be
- cOhange cf ear5 sFd ago to
southern ints, and equip
entm t will be composed of the finest
. ullaan vestibuled sleepers, and Pull
_:ma an's. palace coaches. Stop-overs at
Cincinnati and Indianapolis positively
ellowed to everyone taking this route.
e.l-"Pardon e,ir, but where
: do you come from" Paldy"From County
Cork." Englishman-"Then that accounts
?or your brogue." Paddy-.-May I ax you
where you come from?" Endgishma
(preudly) - "Prom Worcester."- Paddy-
e that sacoutnt for your sauce."-_-id
Iew's Thisl
We ofer One Hundred Dollars Reward
for any caseof Catarrh that'oannot be cured
by Hll's Cartsrrh Cure.
F. J. Cutary & Co., Props., Toledo. O.
We the undersigned have known F. J.
-Chaney for the last 1i years, and believe
him perfectly honorable in all business
transactions and financially able to cary
eat any obligation made by their Arm.
' .WasT an TaurAx. Wholesale Druggists. To
le,. 0.. wALDZo; Kixxsr M~ati,
W ole le Druggists. Toledo, . ,
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally,
oting directly upou the blood and mucous
surtaces of the system. Price 750. per bo".
te. 'l qid by all Druggists. Testmonials
SiHood's Cures
" Fourteen years ago
I had an attack of the
-gravel. and since have
been very seriously
troubled with my liver
and kidneys. Three
years ago I got down
so low that I eeali
seareely walk. I
looked more like a
corpse than a living] Dr. ID. ll. Jorda.
being. I had no appetite and for five weeks I
sate meStala but gruel. Had no more color
than a larble statue. After I had taken
three bottles of
H.ond's Sarsaparilla
I could eat anything without distress. Why, I
got so hungry that I had to eat fire times a day.
I have now fully recovered. I feel well and
am well. All who know me marveL" D. NM.
JoaDANi, retired farmer, Edmeston, N. Y.
NoVd'e Pills curo all Liver Ills, Bilious
nss, auadice, Indigestion. Sick Headache.
Ill IARRH<EA
CURES RRHaA,
DYIAuNTERY,
CHOLERA INFANTUM,
AFFECTIONS OF THE BOWELS. p
eD oY . LOXl ..RUnR S . A , r
eatlemen :-We nhave useA your Brodie's Cot- '
dial in our family for some time past, and are is
perfectly atisfied with its effects. Would not
wilgingly do without it. Respectfully, P
J. H. Roaueso. s
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS. tl
S PRICE, soc. and 01.00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CO.
New Oreans aX.m. tl
"German S
in
Syrup''
JUDGD J. B. HILL, of the Superior
Court, Walker county, Georgia,
thinks enough of German Syrup to
send us voluntarily a strong letter
endorsing it. When men of rank
and education thus use and recom
mend an article, what they say is
worth the attention of the public.
It is abovesuspicion. " I have used
your German Syrup," he says, "for
my Coughs and Colds on the Throat
and Lungs. I can recommend it for
them as a first-class' medic~ine."
T'ake no tubstitute. 0
HRT, MUSIG ..
. .• and NATURE. th
A Book of Choice Selections from the
Writings of th
DAVID SWINO,.
PRIICa *!.oo, PO(STPAI. b
Ilihed hy SEARLE & CORTON,
. emOM¶ItoC BLoCK, ('ncAoO, ILL.
fal
"EVERYBODY'S e
_LAW BOOK "
s Itnat eu inforuaio. or -ite
everym state inr te nion. it 1
u wh~m h st a . ty ri to'r . the
. - ,,. . m lo to , P. ...t
Fresh Naotes of Interest froan t
Columban xpas.Wg
The Number of VSiltoms Denly Zserel.ag
-A Mistake That Sioe Peeole Are
baklng-Nesatles of the
statse asbltbs.
[specal Chicago Ceorespondenea.l
The beautiful weather of the past
few days has done much for the great
fair. People have been able to get out
without uambrllas and wraps, and a
trip to Jackson park has become some
thing more like a pleasure than it has
been heretofore since the opening. The
effect upon the receipts at the fair gates
has been to nearly double the daily ad
missions, a fact which affords the finan
ciers of the great enterprise much sbtis
faction.
The tide of traffic may now be said to
have fairly set in; and should the
weather continue favorable the daily
attendance will soon put the exposition
on something like a paying footing.
To judge from the number of persons
who are to be seen on the grounds each
day a casual observer would suppose
the gate receipts to be much larger
than they really are, but there isa°
force of several thousands of workmen,
and a population of several thousands
more who are domiciled permanently
within the inclosure, so the size of
the crowd is no guide in estimating the
number of paid admissions. Besides
there are the press representatives and
favored individuals in other professions
who have passes. Altogether there are
a great many non-paying visitors who,
while they help to swell the crowd, do
not contribute very materially to the
financial success of the enterprise.
There is some danger that people at a
distance who have been influenced by
the newspaper reports of the incom
pleteness of the fair may make a mis
take in deferring too long their con
templated visits. It may be deemed
wise to remain away until all the ex
hibits are installed and everything put
to rights, but there will be some dis
comfort consequent upon such a course.
so
A &
01
'IV
. /" ..
OTTO I II' INOI LDG.
GROTTO In ThE& ILLINOIS BUILDING.
When there is a daily attendance of
from two to five hundred thousand peo
ple, as there will doubtless be in another
month, there will be much greater in
convenience in getting about than there
is at present. A great many country
people are planning to come after their
r. season's work is done and they can
leave their homes without interrupting
the necessary application of their per
sonal attention to their crops. This
*will have a tendency to create a jam at
the fair during the latter part of the
season which does not now exist. It
would be advisable, therefore, for those
who can come now to do so and thus
secure greater comfort and convenience
in viewing the wonders of the mam
moth e-thibition. As for the present
condition of the exhibits it can be stated
1'ERFECTLY AT HOME.
that with the exception of a number of
foreign displays in the Manufactures,
Agricultural and Machinery buildings
they are all in place, and those as yet
unfinished will be ready in a few days.
The principal attractions of late have
been the opening of some of the state
and foreign buildings, among the latter
being the formal reception of visitors at
the palatial quarters of Germany at the
fair. The educational display of the
Germans is very extensive and beautiful
beyond description in some of its de
tails. The massive structure occupies a
prominent position on the lake front
just north of the Fisheries building,
and is made conspicuous by its archi
tectual grandeur. Just opposite, and
standing alone, as if in symbolism of
its independence among the nations, is c
the representative structure of Eng
land-Victoria hall. This building is
not as notable for its dimensions as for
its neat and artistic appearance, and
both its interior and exterior are highly
complimentary to the skill and taste of
British workmen.
Among the state buildings recently
thrown open to the public is that of the
hostal state-Illinois. In this hand
some structure, whose interior and con
tents are a great credit to them the
people of the "Sucker" state hae' just
cause for pride. Such an extensive and
beautiful array of implements and d
products as were never before displayed I
by the commonwegth bears convincing ,
evidence that the Prairie state is up 1i
with the world in the arts and sciences
as well as in the bountiful products of
her soil. One feature of the building b
that oouwepnds especti attention is 4d
i a proiet posi ition in the
ma haL hs splendid piece of work
represents one of the natural- beauties
of the state, and all who behold it pro
mounce it a wonderful production.
Other state buildings which contain
objects of rare interest are those of Cal
ifornia and Washington. In the former
are exhibits of bottled fruits that are
luseious enough in appearance to keep
one's teeth in a constant-state of inun
dation. On every hand are pyramids of
golden globes of fruit, pagodas con
structed of beans and grain of all
kinds, and high up in the central por
tion of the building is a man on horse
i l~ 1
THE MIGHT HIND Of GIRL.
back, of prodigious size, composed of
choice dried fruits of various kinds.
The mining inteiests are also largely
represented, there being in great pro
fusion rich specimens of gold-bearing
rock and quartz and mineral ores in
great variety.
In the Washington building, which in
itself is a great curiosity, the founda
tion consisting of some of the largest
timbers ever seen in this part of the
world, are to be seen a great many of
the new state's choicest products.
In the mining department is the largest
lump of coal that was ever mined. It is
five feet thick, twenty-six feet long and
weighs over twenty-five tons. At the
entrance of this building stands a flag
staff the like of which does not exist in
f this country. It is a single tree, spliced
- once in the middle, and is nearly three
r hundred feet high and as straight as an
arrow.
a These are but a few of the many
r wonders of the treat fair belonging to
r the state exhibits, each building pos
t sessing many rare relics and curios of
its own state, and after viewing the
wonders of the greater buildings one
may find many surprises awaiting him
here.
An institution of the fair that is crea
tive of some trouble and much amuse
ment to the visitors is the folding chair
which has recently been introduced. It
is a diminutive affair of very frail con
struction and about as conducive to
bodily comfort as would be an up
I turned strawberry box. To witness a
two-hundred pound man trying to
perch his bulging anatomy on one of
these inquisitorial contrivances is equal
to seeing a slack-wire performance by
a novice in the business. Such a sight
was witnessed the other day near the
Administration building where a crowd
had gathered to listen to the music of
the band. A big man had one of the
little chairs and tried to sit on it, but
the little chair was not equal to the
task and collapsed. The chairs are let
for ten cents and are to be returned by
the user, but that little chair was not
returned. It got a kick that reduced it
to toothpicks and scattered it over half
an acre of territory.
THE COLUMBIAN COINS.
Not sumclent Demand for Them to Make
It Pay to Counterfeit Them.
Although such a loud outcry was
raised just after the Columbian half
dollars were issued about the possibili
ty of counterfeiting them, no word has
reached the treasury department of
even an attempt at counterfeiting. Of
course if a counterfeiter could work
undisturbed he could make a handsome
profit reproducing the coins just as they
are made at the mint. They contain
thirty-nine cents' worth of silver and
they sell for one dollar. But, accord
ing to the Washington Star, the world's
fair people have had such a hard time
trying to get rid of them at the market
rate, that possibly the counterfeiters
feel discouraged. As none have been
sold at less than one dollar, they could
not put imitations into the market at a
cut rate without exciting suspicion.
And the public does not seem to be
hankering very much for Columbian
half dollars at one dollar each.
Only one attempt has been made to
imitate the new silver coins, so far as is I
known in the secret service office, and
that one was hardly worth considering. a
A very poor imitation of the new quar
ter dollar has been received. It is evi
dently the work of one it the sporadic 8
counterfeiters who make half a dozen '
coins at a time in a plaster paris mold.
It is not tdfbe feared. d
t
-Wife-"See, my dear, this style of v
dress is the very latest fashion." lIus- a
band (with a deep sigh)-"How glad I i
would be if it would continue to be the a
latest fashion."-Schalk. t
'Tnzns's one consolation," thought the
bargain hunter as she was blown to atoms
byasd..nam eartridge, '"this is a fas; n
dse. ý3ur as1pog t
Le eowLpyoView sn Cuias6.
As we t -the fair has at
-tracted the-i igenouas and numerous
American cranks as well as foreign
persons with- mental and 'moral
crotchets. These, and also youthful
er geniuses, have besieged, lersonally
re and by letter, the ways and means
e committee.
"n A few examples, as cited by the
Century Magazine, will indicate how
'n- much of human -nature as it really is
will not be on exhibition at the fair.
An American wasearly in the field with
a divine revelation of the site-which
had been foreordained for the fair
when the foundations of the world
were laid, and an Englishman heb de
sired to be put on exhibition ps ;he
Messiah.
Two boys of "respectable parentage"
in western New York have offered to
walk to Chicago, and to camp on the
exposition grounds with the purpose of
illustrating the life of tramps, and of
lecturing on its vicissitudes. Anothes
boy of sixteen recommended that a
mumber of nickel-in-the-slot photo
graphs fixed to repeat amusing fish
stories might be placed in the Fish
eries building and about the grounds;
he urged that a royalty on the sugges
tion would help his widowed mother.
An enterprising dealer in cosmetics
asked for space to exhibit an old
woman, one-half of whose face was to
of be smoothed out with his preparation
s. .and the remainder left with its mortal
ly wrinkles until the end of the fair,
o- when he would smooth out the other
ig half in the presende of the multitude.
In The parents of a "favorite orator" of
six years offered his services as intro
in ducer of the chief orator at the dedica
a- tory ceremonies, which would, they
st thought, lend emphasis to the porten
te tous importance of the occasion. A
of mathematician asked for standing room
, where he might show the world how to
st square the circle.
is Out of Indiana came a solver of per
ad petual motion; he was informed that
le space could not be alloted for the ex
_ hibition of an idea, so he would have to
in bring on his machine; later he informed
the committee that his self-feeding
engine, which had been running a sew
ing machine, had unfortunately broken
down, "but the principal remained the
same."
A Georgian asked for a concession to
conduct a cockpit, and another son of
the south knew of a colored child which
was an anatomical wonder, and could
be had by stealing it froni its mother;
for a reasonable sum he was willing to
fill the office of a kidnaper. Innumera
ble freaks of nature have been ten
dered, and the pretty English barmaid
has in several instances inclosed her
photograph with an offer of assistance
to the fair.
A very serious offer came from" a
Spaniard, who had been disgusted with
the weak attempts to give bull fights
in Paris during the recent exposition.
He offered to fill the brutal void at the
Columbian fair if he could be assured
the privilege of producing the spectacle
"with all his real and genuine circum
stances."
DRIVING OUT THE CROOKS.
The Secret Service Searing tile had Men
Away from the Fair.
The very small number of arrests of
crooks at the fair has been frequently
commented on, and some people have
wondered whether Chief Bonfield's
force of astute detectives has been
earning its pay. The truth of the mat
ter is, the crooks are keeping away
from Jackson park. Now and then
one more bold than the rest enters the
fair gates and is soon discovered by
I Bonfield's men. As a result, no conr.
plaints of persons being robbed at the
fair are being made.
Talking of crooks in general and the
possible figure they may cut at the I
world's fair, Chief IB nfleld said:
"So far as the fair grounds are con- t
cerned we have seen very few profes
sionals around, and those whom our
men have spotted are usually men who
have served time for their offenses and
against whom there is nothing except t
suspicion on account of previous rec
ords. Ve have men who have had op
portunities to become familiar with
nearly all the prominent crooks of the
country, and when any of these crooks
come around the grounds they find they
are recognized at once and usually do I
not stay long. Even if they had any
idea of going into the crooked- busi- i
ness again they would not be likely to
carry on operations at the grounds, as
they are shrewd enough to know that 8
they would be the first upon whom sus
picion would fall.
"There was a man in the grounds the
other day who five years ago had an in- a
ternational reputation as a crook, but o
he has served time for his offense and
I now claims to have reformed and to be t
engaged in legitimate business. It h
would, of course, be an injustice to such
a man to order him off the grounds or
even to give his name to the press. All I
we can do under the circumstances is to
let such men understand that they are
known, and that precautionary interest
is being taken in their behalf. This
usually has the desired effect of getting
rid of themif they come with the intent
of doing mischief.
"My men outside the grounds advise
me that they have noticed a good many
foreign crooks about the city-con
fidence and bunko men--but as yet we
have had no intimation that they have
commenced operation. They are being
shadowed, and if they make any moves
in the wrong direction they will quickly
be taken in. ,
"Most of the complaints which have
reached us so far are of the loss of tools
and other articles belonging to the
workmen about the grounds, and in the
majority of cases these losses have
turned out to be cases of misplacing the
articles in question, and they have gen
erally been recovered. It is rather
early, anyhow, to expect much trouble
from professional cr-oks inside the
grounds."
Sweets to the Sweet.
The poor little Esquimau children at la
the fair have suffered from too muclf we
kindness. In Iceland, where the Esqui
maux live, there are no sugar at all or ia
any sweet things. And until they were a
brought to Chicago the children had bi
never seen a piece of candynor as much at
as heard of a peanut. But everybody di
who visits the Esquiman village is sure -
to give the funny little snub-nosed to- It
dlqrs a stick of candy or something gle m
that is sweet. And, not long ago, tare P'
was not a well baby at the fair, aUo~on s
account of the things thich the Fia em
itors gave them to eat. If people kee: e
on feeding the children candy out of
their hand-bags and cakes from their
lunch-baskets, a woman is to stand
near by and tell every one that candy
makes the children sick aqld please 1ot
to give them any.
Do You Wih
the Finest Bread
and Cake?
It is conceded that the Royal Baking Powder is
the purest and strongest of all the baking powders.
The purest baking powder makes the finest, sweet
est, most delicious food. The strongest baking pow.
der makes the lightest food.
That baking powder which is both purest and
strongest makes the most digestible and wholesome
food.
Why should not every housekeeper avail herself
of the baking powder which will give her the best
food with the least trouble? a
Avoid all baking powders sold with a gift
or prie, or at a lower price than the Royal,
as they invariably contain alum, lime or sul
phurlo acid, and render the food unwholesome.
Certain protection from alum baking powders can
be had by declining to accept any substitute for the
Royal, which is absolutely pure.
A EUROPEAN NOBLEWOMEN.
to QUzzx Aira, of England, was ex
tremely fond of brandy, and her face
r became so bloated that among the pop
at ulace she was known as "Brandy Faced
x- Nan."
to TnE dowager duchess of Sutherland
,d was lately committed to prison for six
ag weeks on sentence for contempt of
v- court. She had burned some papers
un used in evidence in a trial concerning
le her husband's will.
Tru" princess of Wales has, perhaps,
to invented almost as many novelties as
if those in the knickknack trade. She
h drew with her own hand the plan for
Id the pocket smoking case which the
r; prince carries everywhere with him.
Supremely Delightful
To the emaciated and debilitated invalid is
1- the sense of returning health and strength
d produced by iostetter's Stomach Bitters.
.t When that promoter of vigor is tested by
persons In feeble health, its restorative and
vitalizing potency soon evinces itself in
improved appetite, digestion and nightly
a repose, the sole conditions under which
h strength and nerve quietude is vouchsafed
to the human system. Try it and be con
vinced.
S MINcs--"That was a pretty shrewd
e scheme of Smith's at Chicago. Made $4,000
d out of at in two weeks." Jinks-"W hat
e was it?" "Galvanizing restaurant biscuits
and selling them for souvenir half dollars."
-Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Wa- the rich man feels like making an
open confession to some one he never hunts
up the assessor.-Troy Press.
"SnOULDwR arms!l"-Ladies' sleeves to.
day.-Puck.
e MANY a man is right in his heart who is
wrong in his head.-Ram's Horn.
S THE place of the seal-At the Behring sea
commission.-Chicago Mail.
V IT is the good bargains that people are al
I ways anxious to strike.-Inter Ocean.
Tnr man who was dissatisfied with the
P menagerie said it was a beastly affair.
e Ix idleness there is perpetual despair.
-Carlyle.
S A TITLE makes a little man great and a
p great man little.
Heatnr men never call for cake. What
they want is bread.-RBun's Horn.
IT is the man who beats that is willing to
let by-gones be by-gones.-Puck.
i OFTEY DoxE.-When a mal has money in
the bank It is absurd that he should drawvit
out so as to blow it in.-Truth.
A PLIANT tool-A razor strop.-Truth.
WaEax you tr.y to be good try to be-good
for somethlng.-Rani's Horn.
"DID Smiggs marry his wife for her
money?" "No, it was for her father's."
Inter Ocean.
As TI garter remarked: "My elasticity
is my stockin trade."-Princeton Tiger.
Soxo of the bicycler when he wants to
stop riding: "Come wheel, come whoa."
IT is more blessed to give than to receive
-boxing lessons espeeially.-Truth.
Tna early strawberrry may look pale and
weak, but you will find there is a great deal
of grit in him.-Boston Bulletin.
"DID he inherit any of his father's good
traits? I knew-" 'Oh, yes, he received
his father's entire fortune.-Inter Ocean."
IMLEMENTS Often used to effect a capture
-Curling-iron and rouge-pot. - Harvard
Lampoon.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effeitually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It haspiven satisfaction to millions and 1
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drng
gists in 50e and Si bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co.ontystse name is printedon every
pgalge the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, o will sot
aept any substhjutste ife a
- .o
J so think of it! .140..2 nmade lan one week
I byhr an agent representing B. F. Johnson -
co., of tiehmond, Va., and they have had
many more parties traveling for them who
did equally well, some a good deal better.
If you need employment it would be a good
thing to sit down and write them a line at
once.
COLD cash bears the same relation to a
belle in the matrimonial market that the
chromo does to a pound oz tea on Vesey
street.-Puck.
Ir you are troubled with malaria take
Beecham's Pills. A positive specific. noth
ing like it. 25 cents a box.
OURa UCLE, the pawnbroker, may not
have pleasant ways, but we have to put up
with him.--Puck.
RUacr(ATIC PAIss are greatly relieved by
Glenn's tiulphur Nnap.
Hill's Hair and Whisker Dye, 50 cents.
2T BTOP THE PROGRESS
~ of Consumption
you will find bu;
one guaranteed
remedy-Doctor
Pierce's Golden
MedicralDis ove.
In advanced cae'
it brings comfort
and relief if you
haven't delayed
too long, it will
cetainl cure. It doesn't claim too much.
It wont make new lungs -nothing can ;
but it will make diseased ones sound and
healthy, when everything else has failed.
The scrofulous affection of the lungs that's
caused Consumption, like every other form
of Scrofula, and every blood-taint and dis
order, yields to the "Discovery." It is the
most effective blood-cleanser, strength-re
storer, and flesh-builder that's known to med
ical science. In all Bronchial, Throat, and
Lung Aections, If it ever fails to benft
or cure, you have your money back.
A perfect and permanent cure for your
Catarrh-or $500 in cash. This is promised
~ythe p.roprietors of Dr. Sage's Catarrh
Don't be the Axe I
 Just keep in mind that the grocer or
the peddler has " an axe to grind"
• when he tells you that he has some
thing " as good as" or "the
' same as" Pearline. There
can be but one reason-more
profit to hinr by your use of
' the substitutes.
SBit how is it with you ?
What reason can you have
for wanting to take the
risk? Certainly not econ
omy-Pearline leads to
the greatest economy in every direction-saves the most
money, time, clothes and health. If your grocer sends you
an imitation, be honest-send it back ass JAMES PYLE, N. Y.
HOR8E SHOE
PLUO CHEWING TOBAOO
- IS THE BEST -
NAVY PLUG CHEWINO TOBACCO MADE.
TRY IT AND YOU WILL USE NO OTHER.
/WI.LAM TELL
-Nour olnbr"
u Mother
TO USE NO OTJi E f
SOAP FOR LAU RY
AND HOUSE/iOLD
PURPOSES,
THAN
ISPAR SUPERIOR TO ANYOTIHER IN THE MARKET
AND IS MADE. ONLY 8Y
N*.KFA1RDAN.GO
ST. LOUIS.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NO? USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
-APOLIQ SHOYULD si UvIED IN aveRY KITQHEN,.
.:. ._ý , ,_.... .. .v " .....i-.   ,., ..... _- ý.._.... ..........'{-..+. ,. := .... :.. -ý ..... " , . - , ,  ..M, i w :w
" Bile as Paso r Reles
w. Bessa a ro,
with Starh, Arrowroot or
S harand 1i. far more -
oaoteoa.
l.4 b StoeerI everywlhe.
hi made. r UnlLe othner pet beies
n a IInedwrer nd n ea in s ca.
SwOith removable lPI, the .
are .lways rey tot use.
mae the Strt perrumeosro o
Soap In 0 mi ntes eotAnou(
P ao . It R Ie bis for oleanesn
waste pipes. disinfectng sinks,
B lo et, washto bottles.dpantC;aet
ate.. ___ C_.
. Ar. AO Kto r gFt. P14
Thue e5rRa"I "ul e atntne s y
Machi nenw and YachRiner Supplies.
tat t~a re alwa r e. I rte sme wi
ae ShOeD S ET, . IEfIPII TEEa.
Tor.: =etrmp Imenset:. 3s.sral d.(1 S At 00o
o e ee ea.r esh. Wle n p ao
WL~N.13~0 lsl13EAss m eserdi r.
fifotru te.Ccalculi'
GTr a l 1er g re3 s die I r.Coito Pine
31ScO"Dfll STeJei? . W]EMLLSe 1500 I
Uenlectr t mihtdlant.. i nm os. oIIIaI -
Ud VA T ROn PUMPS sn
w"XaaTam !else R. r its . .3 b ewe I IZ
$o5.00 ta $350.00,n V...aIenasi. nlo,
. NE. s . . 1T49. Halnl unprWa.n
e tn. Kas.e, n F . 1452e.
WIS-R wnImxaN To ADVTET|JRS PLUII
elate tait yo aw ihr Advert~W eeaeL i to i
Gal·en