STHE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. - LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 2, 1893. NUMBER 26.
[Copyright, 1893,
by the Author.]
E had oft'en
tried to pro
pose" to h e r,
but she was
f"such a flippant
young person
that he found
itHlerculean to
reduce her to
a sufficiently
serious frame of mind. Then, too, he
was by no means certain as to her feel
ings toward himself. Some definite as
surance either way would, he felt, have
been grateful, although it is safe to
affirm that had such assurance been un
favorable to his hopes he would none
the less have been anxious for further
information:
however, he was denied the satisfac
tion of even well-grounded suspicion.
She had such a baffling sort of manner.
Never had he been able to surprise her
into an admission of anything, however
trifling, which might be taken as an in
dication that he aroused within her
emotions of any kind whatever. It
was certainly very difficult to know
what to do.
Mlany times had he almost taken ad
vantage of a momentary silence on her
part. Timescwithout number had he
nearly clasped her in his arms as she
pirounetted past him; but she was too
quick for him. The boldest effort on
his part had been made one evening
after he had brought a friend to call
upon her. Minna, Bob and the friend
had all sat in the kitchen and pulled
taffy. Next evening Bob said, sheep
ishly:
"Do you know, Minna, what Ikey was
tellin' me last night?"
"'llow could I know without you told
me?" returned Minna, with spirit. She
was washing dishes and she clattered
them in the pan.
"lie was asking me if I were going to
marry you?"
"And What did you tell him?"
"Told him I didn't know."
"That was right," said 'Minna, swirl
ing the dish-cloth around.
"And he-he said I was a durned fool
if I didn't."
Mlinna went off into peals of laugh
ter. Then she sobered up
"Didn't what?"
"Didn't marry you."
"So you would be-if you got the
chance!" was the prompt reply.
"That's what; I told himn-if I got the
chance; but I can't get the chance," de
jectedly.
"'Vhat right ha:d you to tell him you
couldn't get the chance?"
"'Cause you ain't never give it to
me."
"No, and I never will!" returned Min
na, with emphasis.
".Jes' what I thought," said Bob, dis
mally. "Guess I'd better go."
"Guess ye had," remarked his hostess,
hospitably. As she spoke she wiped
out the dishpan and hung it up on the
nail behind. "If I was you, I'd learn a
few things before I came courtin'."
"lRut you're a big sight cleverer'n
me," answered Bob, meekly.
'That's so," said Minna, laconically,
as Tob passed dejectedly out of the
kitchen door.
On thinking over the interview on the
way home, Bob thought that on the
whole he had not made much progress.
A few clays later hope returned,
bright-eyed and smiling, and Bob deter
mined to make another attempt to se
cure the e'usive Minna. In the soft dusk
of the early summer evening, he went
thoughtfully across the field toward
her father's cottage, now softened of
its daytime angularities, and, to Bob's
imagination, nertling confidingly in the
trees.
"House ain't much like Minna." he
reflected, sadly. "Wisht I could think
on some way to cotch her."
As he walked, crushing down the
moist grass, he revolved a dozen
schemes in his mind, all of which had
sooner or later to be dismissed as im
practicable. in view of the uncertain
nature of the damsel in question. If
he could only be sure of how Minna
would ta anything. But he never
could be. She was as wayward as the
summer breeze.
Suddenly, in the midst of his ponder
ing, an idea came to him-a Heaven
sent inspiration, so beautiful, so clever,
that the cunning little god himself
must have been hiding in a blue-bell
along his path. Bob gave an emphatic
clap to his leg, and the listening Cupid
might have heard a short chuckle fol
lowed by a delighted exclamation.
"Gosh! But that'll do it!" as the
wooer sped along the path. Minna
herself met Bob at the door, and
gave him a chair outside, beneath
a fragrant honeysuckle. She sat
down near him on the doorstep, and
leaned her head against the casement.
She looked very pretty, her black eyes
darkening the lids, and her face pale in
tie dusky twilight; her hair curling in
moist little ends around her small face.
. Bob looked at her, and his heart failed
him. But he remembered a certain
T'homas Anderson, whom report said
had lingered beneath the honeysuckle
for the past few nights, and brought
back his oozing courage.
"They wuz talking about you last
might down at the pump," he remarked,
with assumed cheerfulness.
"Talkin' about me," said Minna, an
grily. "HlIow dared they?"
"Oh Lord!" gasped Bob to himself:
"if she gets mad before I begin."
"They wuz sayin'-sayin'-"
"WVell?" sharply: "what wuz they
sayin'?"
"They wuz sayin' how as you'd never
marry anyone, you wuz that uncertain
like and flighty-like."
"Who said that?" alid Minna, tura
ing wrathful eyes upon him.
"I don't exactly remember," faltered
'*Mons MksIeu1w nirnalit" dlmeidinull.
Bob could not truthfully disown the
remark, as he had made it frequently.
in confidence, to his near companions
in the village. So, after this unex
pected home-thrust, he remained un
comfortably silent.
Minna pursued her advantage.
"Nice doings, them, fur a man!"Ihe
went on contemptuously: ,'Talkin'
about girls when they can't talk back
for themselves."
If the reported conversation had not
been wholly imaginary, Bob would
have been stricken with remorse. As
it was, however, although inwardly
trembling, he saw an opening and took
it.
"But I spoke back for you, Minna; I
did."
"Oh you did, did you?" was the dis
couraging comment. "Since it wuz
you said the worst, seems to me it wuz
all you could do."
"They said a lot more'n 1 did," Bob
continued, with fictitious courage.
"They said as how I needn't be hang
in' around here, fur ye'd allus scorn me
till the. jedgment, and not marry me at
all.'t
'There wuz some truth in their re
marks," remarked Minna, snubbingly.
.- ob gathered all his vanishing bold
ness together for a final effort.
"But there's wusser nor that," he
said, with well-forced gloominess. "I
said as how I knowed you would marry
me-"
"Who made you so wise?" interrupted
Minna, sarcastically.
"An' a man bet me you wouldn't; an'
-an'-I bet him you would."
"Beasts!" ejaculated the much-in
censed Minna.
"An' 1 bet a fearful lot, Minna. Gosh!
-I'm scared to think of it. If I got to
give him all that money the farm'ull
have to go, sure."
Minna looked up, frightened.
"How much?" she asked, faintly.
"Wonder how much she'll stand?'.'
Bob asked himself, perplexedly. Then
he glanced at her tentatively.
"I'm most afeard to tell you. It's
it's-gosh! Minn a-it's a hundred dol
larm!"
"Oh. my! "cjac ulated Minna; "you nei
er did!"
"A hundred dollars!" repeated Bob
chokingly, and overeomne by the feel
ings he had aroused he buried his hea:
-j -w
"TREY WUZ TALKING ABOUT YOU."
in his hands. From this safe retreat
he continued disjointed remarks, broken
by emotion.
"Don't care for myself--(sigh). I
don't want to live, anyway; but the
farn'll have to go, sure, and poor
mother and father" (sob)-
"Oh! no, no," said l inna, tearfully.
"They're old, now, to start over
again ta protracted sigh); but I kin
work for 'em. I'll do it; but--" and
Bob's shoulders shook with nobly sup
pressed emotion-''it'll come hard to
lose the old place now (sob), after all
them years."
"Oh! don't don't, don't, Bob! I can't.
hear it!" gasped NIinna, choking down
the tears. "I'll-1'11---"
Bob waited a moment. Then he went
on:
"Poor sister can't go to school, or
nothing," rocking himself to and fro
in apparent deep grief; "an' thel'e's no
wood got for the winter, an' "-here he
wept aloud, and, seeing this, Mlinna too
wept aloud.
"Oh! Bob," she cried; "how could
you be so-so-" and she burst again
into tears.
Bob restrained himself from embrac
ing her, and shook his head dismally.
"Dunno. Minna," he said, in a chok
ing voice: "but there ain't no hope for
it now. It's all got to go, farm an' all!"
"Never!" Minna said, hysterically.
"I will marry you-I will!"
"'Tain't right to ask you," Bob said,
sadly and hypocritically. "You don't
care nothin' about me."
"I didn't afore," said Minna, tearfnlly
and shamefacedly; "but that was ad
awful lot of money to bet on me. I
like you fur it, Bob, I do!"
"An' will you marry me?"
She nodded.
"Thank you, Minna," Bob said.
mournfully. "It's awful good in you."
A moment elapsed before he started
on the real business of courtship-he
had to proceed carefully-and in that
moment Bob looked up at a very jester
of a twinkling star and silently ex
changed with it a knowing and pro
digious wink.
A Biblical Phrase.
In many of the grandest of Scriptural
phrases there is not a little suggestion
of the simpl icity of childhood, and on
the other hand it not infrequently hap
pens that some childish speech reminds
one of the utterances of the lrophets
of old.
An instance of this weaR given not
long ago by a lad of fivAb or six sum
mers. lie had probably never heard
the Biblical sentence wherein it is said
of Jehovah that "He bowed the hear
ens and came down;" but it was in
much the same spirit that he asked his
father:
"Papa, why doesn't the sky bend
down when God stands up?"
The chief difference was that between
conscious and uiconscious imagery.
Youth's Conmpanion.
-A very small boy can get outside of
a very aInrge watermelon in a very small
space of time; but it takes a very large
doctor to harmonime the two.-loches
tar Demora't
FARMER AND LANTER.
SAVING OORN FODDER.
~he Southern Ilethod Works Best with
Southerna-rown Corn.
I have carefully noted recent corre
spondence in regard to the manner of
saving corn fodder in the south. The
southern method, as is generally
known, is to strip the blades off below
the ear, and top the stalk, blades and
all, above the ear-in other words, cut
off the "upper story" of the stalk and
let the "basement" and the ear stand
in the field.
Now there is nothing that teaches us
quite as thoropghly as experience.
Somewhere about thirteen years ago I
violated the traditional utterance of
Mr. Greeley and went south instead
of west. Milk was ten cents per
quart, and I bought a dairy' farm
and outfit complete-forty good cows,
plenty of good well water, besides con
nection with the city wator-works
and started in to make lots of milk.
As a matter of course, cows that gave
ten-cent milk had to have plenty of fill
ing, and we set to work to supply it.
We put stable manure in drills a little
less than four feet apart, and drilled
in corn, which was thinned to about
one stalk in twelve inches, or about
one foot apart. The corn grew more
than twelve feet tall, every stalk of it.
We fed all we could of it green, and
cut the remainder up, and "stooked"
it up in the field, where it remained a
long time, until I was sure it was
thoroughly dried out. Then we hauled
it and ricked it up. The result was a
large lot of spoiled corn fodder.
There is too much water in the south
ern cornstalk to cure it; and it is so
large and woody, that it is rejected by
anything with less digestion than an
ensilage cutter. and I came to the con
clusion, after that, to be content with
taking off the top six or eight feet of
the stalk. In other words, I fell in
with the customs of the country as
gracefully as possible. There is noth
ing on the farm that has so much water
in it as the lower end of a cornstalk,
unless it is some of the milk we get in
this city. The southern cornstalk can
not be cured so as to stand storage.
Therefore the farmer has dropped into
the habit of "topping" above, and
"blading" below the ear. It is true
this gives him extra work, but it also
gives him a most excellent quality of
fodder.
The size to which southern corn at
tains, under favorable circumstances,
is almost past belief. The growth of
corn on the lands bordering on the
great Dismal swamp is something real
ly astonishing. I visited one farm a
year or two since, upon which was one
continuous field of corn, of about 600
acres. The soil was a rich, dark loam,
and in July it had attained its full
growth. The corn ears were higher
than our heads, and in fact many of
the ears were too high to hang a hat
on, and the stalks were so tall that
the tops could not be reached by
am umbrella held by the out
stretched arm. All these stalks
from top to bottom were well bladed
with broad, long blades of fod
der. The lower portion of the stalk,
however,was in perpetual twilight,the
sun's raysnot being able to penetrate
within four feet of the ground. In
such fields at midday, when the sun
was shining as it knows how to shine
in the "Sunny South," the lamp of the
"fire-fly" (lightning-bug) was plainly
seen, in the perpetual twilight near
the base of the stalk. Such a large
stalk, however, is not profitable in pro
portion to size.
By judicious selection many farmers
have been able to get as large an ear
from a smaller stalk. The trucker for
example, who puts in a crop of corn
in June, after potatoes have been
dug, uses a variety that reaches a
height of about eight feet. and cuts it
all up close to the ground, but the regu
lar field corn of the south, which in
this vicinity, reaches such a large
growth of stalk, is not considered of
any value below the ear. VWe have in
dividual farmers here, who annually
plant from 500 to 1.200 acres in corn,
and who never save one per cent. of
either "blade" or "stalk"-it all goes to
waste, except such good as the same
may do the soil by being plowed under,
in preparing the ground for the next
crop. I was shown one field of corn
last season, upon which twenty-seven
annual cropsof corn had been grown in
twenty-eight years.
There are many things about south
ern farming that can and should be
remedied; but cutting the corn-stalk
off above the ear, where corn is twelve
feet or more in length, is not the worst
mistake a farmer can make. Iobome
genius will get up a corn that will
make a six-foot stalk and a two-foot
ear, he can find customers for that
same corn down this way. ly *the
way, we have a find stand of corn
this year. Ve were nearly four
inches behind in our usual rain
fall, until the last forty-eight hours,
during which time we have been
favored with a liberal supply, that
puts the ground in first-class shape.
Our corn field were never cleaner than
now. As fast as the present truck
crops are taken off, other crops are put
in, among which will be large areas of
"ninety-day corn"-corn that will ma
ture in ninety days.-Farmers' Home
Journal.
FEEDING PIGS.
The ITest Results Attained Throughb the
Sow.
Generous treatment of the brood sows
always pays in the increased thriftiness
of the pigs: while to stint the sow is to
stint the pigs, and in doing this an in
jury will be inflicted that no after
treatment will entirely overcome. It
is not necessary or best to have the
seows fat, yet it is very essential tfhat
she be in a vigorous, thrifty condition,
:and whether she iscarrying or suckling
a good litter of pigs, it is very im
por-tant that she be supplied liberally
with material that will supply plenty
of nourishing food for her pigs. A good
brood sow is either carrying or suckling
a litter of pigs the greater portion of
tilthe time, nd it euhieo grood maa~ue
ment to feed and care fcr her so that
she will be in trim all of the time. The
quality, as well as the quantity, of the
food is important, as she can not in
anywise furnish the nourishment un
less she is first properly supplied with
the food.
Young pigs must commence to grow
as soon as they commence to nurse.
They are, of course, too young to eat
themselves, hence must be fed through
the sow. A good start secured while
they are young will make it IA much
easier matter to keep them growing,
and the easiest way of securing profit
able hogs is by a quick growth, and if
a quick growth and an early maturity
is secured it is very important that the
pigs be kept growing from the start.
By feeding the sow liberally with nour
ishing food she will be able to furnish
sufficient feed to her pigs to keep them
growing right along, so that when the
change is made to something else they
will l;e in a healthy, thrifty condition,
and will not suffer in any way by the
change.
For a week after farrowing, as a rule,
the feeding should be light, and then
the ration should be rapidly increased
until she is given all that she will eat
up clean each meal, and this must be
kept up until the pigs are weaned.
It will be difficult, no matter
how well fed she may be, to keep
her from running down, and the liber
al feeding must then be kept up to
have her come in again. And then
after she is bred, liberal feeding is
necessary so that she can properly
nourish her pigs and be in condition to
stand the drain of suckling another
litter.
Feeding the sow liberally, both dur
ing gestation and while suckling her
pigs, will help materially in making
her pigs vigorous. There is no danger
of the pigs making too rapid growth.
In fact the feeding and management
should be such as will secure the most
rapid growth. A good sow 'will suckle
her pigs an average of ten weeks and
this is fully one fourth of the time they
should be allowed to properly grow
for market, and as it is the most im
portant stage, is very essential that
g--od treatment be given and this can
not well be done unless good treat
ment is given the sows.-Cor. Farm
and Ranch.
Wherein an Education Pays.
To be the most successful .farmer a
man should be well posted and well
educated. There are few branches of
knowledge from which he can not
draw in every-day life: In the natural
sciences the graduate of the highest
institutions of learning in the land will
find in the ordinary work of the farm
a post-graduate course which will be
more practical and thorough than that
prescribed in the curriculum of any
of our schools. The introduction
to a line of study in this
direction given at our schools
can be carried on indefinitely andl to
decided advantage. A knowledge of
entomology will assist the farmer in
determining among the insects which
surround him his friends and his
enemies, and being able to protect the
one and destroy the other may be of
great value. The same is true in re
gard to birds, beasts and reptiles. It
is along this line that an ed nca tion may
be put to a practical use. Intelligent
effort is always rewarded.-National
Stockmnan and Farmer.
HERE AND THERE.
-A vegetable-headed man is one with
carrotty hair, reddish cheeks, turnup
nose and a sage look.
-Iletter let the hogs or sheep eat the
fallen fruit than to allow it to rot un
der the trees, as by this plan both the
stock and the trees will be benefited.
-The 'wa g trough is apt to be
neglected and lifomne more or less foul
during the hofveather. See that it is
clean and the water pure.
-"A hard row to hoe" evidently re
fers to a cottsn row on sandy land in
wet weather. and beautifully rooted
wit.W crab-grass.
--iecause you are through withwith your
harvester for this season is no reason
why it should be permitted to remain
where you used it last until another
crop has been planted and matured.
--A great many farmers fall, like the
speculator, by "'biting off maore than
he can chew," or "wading beyond his
depth," or planting more than he can
properly cultivate. All these aphorisms
mean the same thing.
-Never neglect to repair your har
ness or vehicles as soon as they need
it, since by their giving way at some
unexpected moment a good horse may
be ruined or a human life lost. "'A
stitch in time," etc.
-Vegetable matter is nature's fertil
izer, and all that can not be usc.l to
purpose in feeding should be turned
under. Tile time spent in turning under
weeds and refuse will bring back much
more than it cost.
-Have two shares to each plow and
you will then neither have to stip work
in order to go to the blacksmith's nor
have to continue using a dull tool. You
will save the cost of the extra share
every season.
-Be sure to educate your horse or
colt on both sides, since while he may
be perfectly familiar with an object
hen seen by one eye, it will most
surely frighten him when seen for the
first time with the opposite one.
-Farm tools and implements proper
ly cared for and intelligently handled
usually give satisfaction, and last
longer than a responsible manufactur
er or reliable dealer said they would.
-Fatten and market all matured
stock. Young. growing stock pays a
better profit for the feed supplied, with
the exception of the milch cowvs, the
work teams and the breeding animals.
No matured stock should be kept any
longer than is necessary to fit for mar
ket.
-It depends much upon the farmer's
location whether hlie should keep this
or that breed of sheep. If he is near a
good city market the mutton breeds
will be profitable. Others will find it
best to keep sheep for both wool and
mutton, but all farmers shoild keep
lwhep
THE FEAR OF SNAKES.
Why Many Children and Some Grown
Persons Dislike Them.
There are authenticated instances of
children becoming attached to snakes
and making pets of them. The solu
tion of a question of this kind is some
times to be found in the child mind.
My experience is that when yonng
children see this creature its strange
appearance and manner of progression,
so unlike those of other animals known
to them, affect them with amazement
and a sense of mystery, and that they
fear it just as they would any other
strange thing. Monkeys are doubtless
affected in much the same way, although
in a state of nature, where they inhabit
forests abounding with the larger con
strictors and venomous tree-snakes, it
is highly probable that they also possess
a traditional fear of the serpent form.
It would be strange if they did not.
The experiment of presenting a caged
monkey with a serpent carefully
wrapped up in a newspaper, and watch
ing his behavior when he gravely opens
the parcel, expecting to find nothing
more wonderful than the familiar
sponge-cake or succulent banana-well,
such an experiment has been recorded
in half a hundred important scien
tific "works, and out of respect
to one's masters one ought to en
deavor not to smile when reading
it. A third view might be taken which
would account for our feeling towards
the serpent without either instinct or
tradition. Extreme fear of all ophid
ians might simply result from a vague
knowledge of the fact that some kinds
are venomous; that, in some rare cases,
death follows swiftly on their bite; and
that, not being sufficiently intelligent
to distinguish the noxious from the in
nocuous-at all events while under the
domination of a sudden violent emotion
-we destroy them all alike, thus adopt
ing Herod's rough and ready method
of ridding his city of one inconvenient
babe by a general slaughter of inno
cents.
It might he objected that in Europe,
where animosity to the serpent is great
est, death from snake-bite is hardly to
be feared; that Fontana's six thousand
experiments with the viper, showing
how small is the amount of venom
possessed by this species, how rarely it
has the power to destroy human life,
have been before the world for a cen
tury. And although it must be admit
ted that Fontana's work is not in the
hand of every peasant, the fact that
death from snake-bite is a rare thing in
Europe, probably not more than one
person losing his life from this cause
for every two hundred and fifty who
perish by hydrophobia, of all forms of
death the most terrible. Yet, while
the sight of a snake excites in a major
ity of persons the most violent emo
tions, dogs are universal favorites,
and we have them always with
us, and make pets of them in
spite of- the knowledge that they
may at any time become rabid and in
flict that unspeakably dreadful suffer
ing and destruction on us. This leads
to the following question: Is it not at
least probable that our excessive fear
of the serpent, so unworthy of us as
rational beings, and the cause of so
much unnecessary cruelty, is, partly,
at all events, a result of our supersti
tious fear of sudden death? For there
exists, we know, an exceedingly wide
spread delusion that the bite of a ven
omous serpent must kill, and kill
quickly. Compared with such ophidian
monarchs as the bush-master, fer-lce
lance, hamadryad. and tic-polonga, the
viper of Europe-the poor viper of
many experiments and much (not too
readable) literature-may be regarded
as almost harmless-at all events, not
more harmful than the hornet. Never
theless, in this cold, northern world,
even as in other worlds where nature
elaborates more potent juices, the delu
sion prevails, and may be taken in ac
count here, although its origin cannot
now be discussed.
For my own part I am inclined to be
lieve that we regard serpents with a
destructive hatred purely and simply
because we are so tau-rlht from child
hood. A tradition may be handed
down without .writing. or even articu
late speech. We have not altogether
ceased to be "lower animals" ourselves.
Show a child by your gestures and ac
tions that a thing is fearful to you, and
he will fear it; that you hate it, and he
will catch your hatred.-Macmillan's
Magazine.
Creamed COulitlower.
One head of cauliflower will be suf
ficient for several meals. Break off
sprigs about two inches long from the
top, carefully wash them, put them in
boiling, salted water and cook about
twenty minutes or until tender, the
time depending on the size of the
spr,igs. Pour over them a white sauce
of milk thickened with a little flour,
well boiled, and seasoned with salt.
Tomatoes can be cooked in so many
different ways that if the invalid
relishes them there is a wide field for
exercise of ingenuity in preparing
them. Fresh ones are delicious bakeld.
Cut one in thin sliccg, place these in a
dainty dish, sprinkle each slice with
pepper and salt and place a small
piece of butter in the middle of it,
cover the top with breadcrumbs dotted
with scraps of butter. Bake not more
than half an hour. In stewing canned
tomatoes it will be found an improve
ment to add a few grains of baking
soda to correct the acidity, and a very
little sugar, not enough to make them
taste sweet. They require a generous
piece of butter and enough bread
crumbs to thicken them. A little
grated nutmeg improves the flavor.
Too long cooking increases the acidity.
-Ladies' Home Journal.
Poor Little Thaing.
"Why do you look so sad, my love?"
said Younghusband.
''I was thinking of a poor little beg
gar child that came here this morning,"
replied Mrs. Y. "Just think, Charles;
the poor child was only eight years old,
and her fa:ther was killed at hull Run
and her mother died of sorrow within
a year afterward."-Truth.
-All work and no play is bad for
.Tack, but u~ worse than all play and
ao work.
HOUSEHOLD BREVITIES.
--Shirred Eggs.-Put a piece of but
ter the size of a hazelnut in a teacup
with a pinch of salt and a little pepper.
Break in two eggs without stirring.
Set in a pan of boiling water to cook.
When the whites are set serve immedi
ately in the cup they were cooked in.
Detroit Free Fress.
-Lemon Essence.-When one is using
lemons rientifully, an excellent essence
may be msade at the slightest cost. Put
the grated rind of a dozen lemons into
a pint of alcohol, add a teaspoonful of
lemon oil, bottle and cork tightly and
set in a warm place; shake every day
for two weeks, when it will be ready
for use. -Country Gentleman.
-Date Custard Pie-Is good for a
spring dinner. Cook half a pound of
dates until soft enough to rub through
a sieve: then to a pint and a half of
sweet milk, add two well-beaten eggs,
one pinch of salt, a little powdered
cinnamon, and bake in one crust. Use
the whites of the eggs for a meringue
to cover the top of the pie after it is
baked.--lome Queen.
-Baked Eggs.--lreak six or seven
eggs into a buttered dish, taking care
that each is whole and does not en
croach upon the others so much as to
mix or disturb the yolks: sprinkle with
pepper and salt and a bit of butter up
on each; put into an oven and bake un
til the whites are well set. Serve very
hot, with rounds of buttered toast or
sandwiches.-Orange .Judd Farmner.
-Strawberry Ice Cream.-Take one
quart strawberries, mash them, and
then sweeten so that they will not
curdle the cream. Take three pints of
cream, and if rich, one-half pint of
milk. 'ut strawberries and cream to
gether and sweeten all sweeter than if
to be eaten before freezing, as the
freezing takes out the sweetness.
Other flavors may be made with just
the cream and flavoring, including
peach, pineapple and vanilla.--Hoston
Budget.
-Asparagus on Toast.--To those
who like it this is the most delicious
vegetable that can be served: those
who dislike the peculiar flavor deny
that it can have any merit. Tie. the
stalks into a small bunch. cut off the
hard lower part antd plunge the heads
into a saucepan of salted boiling water.
Let them boil from ten to fifteen
minutes, piercing them with a long pin
to try if they are tender. Have ready
a square of buttered toast and arrange
the asparagus neatly upon it. Cover
the dish with a hot bowl that it may
reach the invalid in good condition.
Ladies' Home Journal.
-Parker Hlouse Rolls. - Rub one
tablespoonful of butter into one quart
of flour; boil one-half pint of new milk.
and when cool. pour it into a vwtll, or
bay, in the center of the flour, add
half a tablespoonful of white sugar, a
pinch of salt, and half a cup of yeast,
or half a well soaked yeast cake. Do
not stir this mixture, but allow it tc
stand for eight or ten hours: mix it inte
dough and let it stand until light, mold
and roll out on the bread board until
albout half or three-fourths of an inch
in thickness, and cut with a circular
cake cutter, rub the top of each with
melted butter and fold nearly one-hall
over on the other half. after the man
ncr of a turnover, place a tiny bit of
butter on the top of each, place them
upon the tins upon which they are tc
be baked. let them rise, and when light
bake quickly.--Farm. Field and Fire
side.
THE WOMAN WHO BORROWS.
An Unmitigated utlisanc-e to lie Found
it, All Grades of Life.
A man who steals is a thief and a
criminal, but a woman who is a pro
fessional borrower is usually a lady
and a Christian. She borrows every
thing, from your diamond ring to your
wash tub, and never returns anything
till you go after it. and yet escapes
scot-free. I think jumtice as well as
love is stone blind, but it is high time
something was done to restore her
sight. I lived next door to a profes
sional borrower once. "l'hat's why I
amn poor to-day. She lborrowed ill sorts
of things in the grocery line, tea, cof
fee, sugar, eggs, salt, vinegar. etc., al
though the grocery store was just
across the street. She di:l not take
the daily papers, but came after ours
as soon as they arrived. Our magazines
and books were her legitimate prey
and I have heard since that she had to
buy another bookcase to hold the
many volumes she ac(luired in this
way. She had a daughter, a young
lady, who dressed as stylishly
as the neighbors could afford. 1
got used to lending her my opera
glasses and fan, but when she asked
for mny opera wrap as well I drew the
line. I remember one day she came in
in great haste to say she was going to
the opera that evening and please
would I let her take my wrap. I told
her I expected to use it myself. "Oh.
diar," she said. "now 1 suppose I shall
have to go over to \Vindsor and-get my
cousin's and I'm all tired out now.
You see, it's going to be very swell this
evening, so nma got te a new dress and
I borrowed Mrs. Smith's evening bon
net and Belle Jones' fan. You know
they go beautifully together, and my
sister has a pair of white gloves she
got Christmas, and I thought with
these and your velvet cape I would be
all fixed." She had such an injured
look that I positively felt guilty, but I
compromised with my conscienoe by
lending her my opera-glassess, and she
departed for Windsor in quest of a
wrap to complete her outfit."-Detroit
Tribune.
House Plants as Thermometers.
A better thermometer could hardly
be found than the average plant. If it
thrives you may be pretty sure that the
atmosphere of the room is all right,
but if it wilts and dies you may lbe
equally certain that the air of the
apartment in which it is given a home
is vitiated. WVhere plants wiill not live
human beings cannot find a healthy
existence. This of course holds good
with those plants which do not call for
excess of he:at or very great moisture.
Keep your window greenery bright and
flourishing and you will preserve your
own bloom as well.--?hiladelphia Ia
Iuirct:
PERSONAL AND IMPERSONAL.
-A man was seen loafing about a
building that was being painted at Bel
fast, Maine, recently. When asked if
he wanted a job he said that he was
only waiting for the men to be paid off,
as he wanted to borrow a dollar.-Phil
adelphia Ledger.
-William D. McCoy, United States
Minister to Liberia, whodied at Monro
via May 14, was a native of Cambridge
City, Ind.,- and about 40 years of age.
He had been a teacher for many years,
prior to his appointment, and was one
of the most progressive colored men in
the country.
-Every spring the emperor o China
goes to "the emperor's field," plows a
portion of it, sows it with several kinds
of seeds and superintends the ceremony
while the princes and nine courtiers
perform the same act in honor of the
god of agriculture. The empress at
the same time gives her ladies a lesson
in silk culture.
-Mrs. Martha Raymond, colored,
who livgs near WVoodbury, N. J., claims
to be 115 years old. She says she was
born in Virginia in 1778, and some of
the oldest residents of Woodbury admit
that she seemed to be a pretty old wom
an when they were young pegple.
She has been livipg in that town for
about sixty years.
-'The duke of Newcastle's specialty
in amateur photography is to secure
portraits of rare wild animals in their
native surroundings. lie travels in
quest of these with (;ambier Fenton, a
member of the Royal Geographical so
ciety and well known as one of the
most expert amateur photographers of
animals in the world.
--Judge McKinley. of Duluth, is in a
singular position. He is judge of the
circuit court, in which his own wife,
recently admitted to the bar, will prac
tice. And yet he is probably the only
man in the world to-day who can pre
vent his wife from having the last word
or fine her for contempt if she does not
stop talking when he tells her to.
-It is related of Edwin Booth that
he was at one time able to save the life
of Robert Lincoln. Both men were in
a railway station, and Mr. Lincoln had
inadvertently stepped on a track in
front of an approaching engine. Ab
sorbed in thought, he had not noticed
the vicinity of the train, and would
have been struck down had not Mr.
Booth sprung forward, caught him in
his arms, and lifted him almost bodily
to a place of safety. The engine was
so near that it actually grazed Mr.
Lincoln's heels.
-Ex-Secretary of the -avy Tracy is
quoted as saying, apropos of the dis
aster to the Victoria, that a line-of
battle ship like her is always exposed
to the danger of capsizing, being top
heavy. "The Victoria carried a mon
strous gun, weighing 110 tons. The
largest gun we have weighs only sixty
five tons. This tremendous weight
placed the ship at the mercy of the
waves as soon as the water began to
pour in. This accident only re-enforces
what I have repeatedly said in my an
nual reports, that, however, it may be
for England, it is folly for us to keep a
large battleship cruising in time of
peace."
-Self-interest is not an inevitable
quantity in human nature. There is a
bluff and hearty old Irishman who
keeps a small book store in a New York
suburban town, who expresses opin
ions about the wares that he sells.
WVhen a boy inquires for "Daredevil
Dick., the Dead Shot," he says: "What!
haven't you any better way to spend
your time than in reading trash like
that? ]Here it is. You ought to be
ashamed of yourself. Now, don't you
read it until you've shown it to your
parents." A man who had ordered,
through him, a number of works on
spiritualism and magic, was greeted,
on the delivery of those volumes, with:
"*Man. man! Time must be heavy on
your hands to want to be studying rub
bish like that."
"'A LITTLE NONSENSE."
-He (passionately)-"I love you
above all others on earth." She-"lI
never thought you would go back on
yourself like that."-The Club.
.-"Ethel's young man came to see her
last night and she was considerably
tickled." "WVas she? 1 didn't know he
had a mustache."-N. Y. Press.
-"Poor fellow! Did he lose his eyes
in the war?" "Oh. no. lie tried to
pass a .volmen on the street when she
had her umbrella up."-l)etroit Tribune.
-Anne-"fDo you know, Mabel. I had
two offers of marriage last week?"
Mlabel--"'My darling Anne! 1 am so de
lighted! Then it is really true that
your uncle left you all his money?"
Judy.
-"Did the Hightones give you a
pleasant reception when you visited
them?" " V'ell, I should say so. The
thermometer stood ninety in the shade
and the whole family was as frigid as
an iceberg."-Inter Ocean.
-Mrs. Caroline (to crossing-sweeper)
-"I have no coppers. I'm sorry." MLr.
lirch-"l)on't mention it, 'm. My fault,
'm, for not knowin' as you was a-conm
in' this way and not gettin' change for
a fl'-p'un' note ready."--Fun.
-"Now, you wouldn't say-that that
man across the street is worth ten
thousand dollars, would you?" "0O, I
don't know. It might be true." "That,
is the reason I thought you wouldn't
say it."-Indianapolis Journal.
-Superstitious.-A cynic was asked
the other day if he objected to being
one of thirteen at dinner. "I do under
certain circumstances," he replied, em-
phatically." "And those are?" "When
there is only dinner enough for twelve."
-Youth's Companion.
-Old Professor-"My young friends,
let me give you a word of advice. Be
kind to the dull boys." Young Teach
er-"Certainly, but if they won't learn
their lessons-" "Be kind to them,
pet them, make them your warmest
friends." "utn-" "e- ~buts about
it. Win their love if you Oah. SeI
day in after years, when yea are a old
and helpless as I am, yon may need the -
assistance of wealthy men." "Of
course, but----" "Well, the dull boys
are the ones that get rich."---listoU ..
-ome Journal.
Ii .