~~ . .. .
THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTH
VOLUME II LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, OCTOBER 6, 1894. NUMBER 3.i
IT
MOUTWON BROS.
--DEALERS IN
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
Lincoln Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
V Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Salles' Store,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of
1878. Repairing of fine watches a spe
cialty. All work cheap andguaranteed. a
MT. CRMI CONIVTT
LAFAYETTE, LA. t
The system of education includes the
French and English languages, Music o
and all kinds of needle-work. Every o
attention will be given to the health
and comfort of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
F'or terms apply to the Superior. u
L.AFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP. n
Near Bank Iullndin. r(
FRED IOUTON, Proprietor. b
Lowest prices, consistent with work ti
'aone. All work promptly attended to. pi
Satisfaction guaranteed. st
H. C. SALLES, hi
DENTIST.to
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA. fl
E. G. VOOR-IIES, IEa,
A TTORNEY AT LAW AND N Y C
S NOTARY PUBLIC, "w
Latayete, La. i to
.co
It. W. ELLIOTT, ""
Attorney at Law j Ib
and Notary Public 'F
LAFAYETTE, LA. to
O. c. & J. MOUTON, Im.
.Attorneys at; Law, m3
LAFAYETTE, LA. Af
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY on
AND Stable.
FEED the
mo
%" Lincoln Avenue, of
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices. Sil
Careful drivers furnished when required I ll
LAFAYETTE, LA. dor
jan 17. the
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
LAEA I"EITEI. LA.
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln. Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
LzVal rY, 3LF-_-M3H 3
-AN D
Sale Stable
E. COSISTANTII, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - -. - LA. oe
DR. J. L. DUHART. b
Spractitioner in the State 22 years, arl
and In Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his new and successful treat- agal
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi. cuit
cal inhalations combined with consti- my 1
tutional treatment affording a cu'e s seen
Consum ption, in the first and second since
period if they follow exactly the treat not
sent and relief in the third period.
Deratness and chronic diseases in gen
eral a specialty. befo
rustl
O. P. GUILBEAU, a
Notary Public
Justice of the Peace. a
('aretul anf prompt ,atention given to list.
the collection ot bit 0emounts, notes ol was
drafts Sale and purenaso of landat himt
tended to. 1-19
c.H... !,=.,
3 ® - IA
HE WEAL
thy mine own
ith ers, ranchmen
and politi- P
clans of the
far west go to 0
LA. New York to
" spend their 0
- summer vacations. Crowds of them
may be found every evening dur
ing the summer in the Hoffman
house cafe. -There they meet Buffalo f
Bill and his friend and host of the cI
Hoffman, Ed Stokes. M
Five men who have grown up with f
the far west from the days of the pio- .
neers were seated around a table in m
the Hoffman cafe telling stories of sI
their adventures in the days when ki
they fought Indians and grizzlies at re
every step they advanced toward the a
Golden Gate.
"I had some pretty close calls in the bf
old days fighting Indians and bears w'
of single-handed," said Col. Burrows. of in
ape- Montana, "but once I was cornered by is]
ed. a grizzly, a centipede and a Crow In- b3
dian, and getting out of that corner I de
had the closest shave of my life, I th
guess. I was prospecting along the e
foot of the Rockies one summer away me
back in the days when all the Indians th
that were not on the warpath were do
ready to scalp any white man who fell
he into their hands. There were plenty mi
sic of bears around, too, and as a rule by
h none of the men in our party went be
he very far from camp alone, cec
'"One morning I started out to follow m3
up a small ravine that I had discovered eel
the day before and along the banks of gr,
which were some scant outcroppings
of silver. I got so interested in exam
ining specimens of rock that I pushed
on, quite forgetful of time and dis
tance until a fe-eling of emptiness of
my stomach warned me that it was
noon. Then I made a note of my sur
roundings, and found that I was fully
ten miles from camp. I was on the
bank of the ravine which was more
rk than one hundred feet deep at that
to point. All around there was a sort of
stunted half-grown forest with plenty
of rocks and small caves-splendid
hiding places for bears and Indians. I
looked around very carefully and,
seeing ne sign of an enemy, I decided
to eat the cold dinner I had brought
with me before starting back to camp.
"It was a hot day, and when I had
finished my dinner I was sleepy. I
lay down in the shade of a tree to take
a short nap, knowing that I would
- wake up in less than an hour which
would give Inc plenty of time to get
to camp before dark. I took off my
coat and put it under my head, rolled fori
up the sleeves-of my flannel shirt and wh.
made myself as comfortable as possi- cloe
ble. I had been asleep probably fif- get
teen minutes when a peculiar tickling leaf
sensation on my right arm caused me clut
to awake suddenly. Fortunately for hin(
me, I did not spring up with a start. pns
"Opening my eyes, I looked first at opel
my arm where I had felt the tickling.
As I did so my heart stopped beating caul
for a minute, it seemed to me, and I mur
felt a qold sweat starting out at every stoo
pour. half-way up my arm I saw a yarc
full-grown centipede crawling around ly
on the bare flesh. He was very wide jum
awake, and it was evident that he was his
there for business. The slightest He
move on my part would be the signing peer
of my death warrant. iust4
"I could see the venomous insect awa
without even turning my eyeballs, and "i
I lay perfectly still. How I did it I had
don't know. It seemed to me that thre
there was a ton of weight on my chest ger
voul
ing I
othe.
twee
whic
back
discs
1ol ds if 1 h obf y i
ohind
. e dr
and ,
I ha,
that
tear
a vit
i es he suddr
I GAVE MYSELF tP FOR GOOD. desp
holding me down, and although it was plain
a scorching hot day, I was soon as the I
cold as if I had been lying in an ice- spot,
box. The centipede would crawl up of hai
my arm to where my shirt sleeve was "A
j rolled up, then crawl all around the age ri
arm, back to the wrist, and then up ting
.again. . He must have made the cir- Final
cuit twenty times, and the strain on with
sy nerves was telling on me fast. It away.
seemed to me that it bad been hours and ct
since 1 awoke, and I knew that I could I atoo
not stand the strain much longer, his hc
S'Suddenly a new danger appeared ing ti
before my staring eyes. I heard a Ispr
rustling oleaves. and a moment later a "MI
huge brown bear, gaunt and hungry The
looking, walked out of the bnshebd such
came straight toward me. My ifle and I
was lying on the ground within easy bank
reach of my right baud, but to move tom a
that arm ever so little-would invite the the ye
dsedly sting of the centipede on the thud,
instant, and the bear was so close it safe I
was doubtful if I could get a shot at as a -
him anyway. from I
"Then I gave myself up for good, nervei
and half closing my eyes I tried to fore I
think of a prayer to say. The bear my rH
walked straight up to ame, and begi. "'WI
a t to smeall mea
-U'
around on the under side of my arm
and stopped. Every instant I expected
to feel the sharp sting of the insect,
and I was trying to nerve myself up
and let the bear finish me in short
order, rather than suffer the torture of
the slower death.
"But the bear looked me over,
pushed my arms and legs about and
licked my fact; still the centipede did
not move. The bear stood there for
several minutes, it seemed to me, but
at last appeared to make ui his mind
SL - that I was dead and he would leave
wn- me to the coyotes. Then he turned
men and lumbered off in the same direction
t i from which he had come.
the "But the deadly centipede was still
o to on my arm, and by this time I was so
r to weak as to be in danger of rolling
eir over in utter collapse. Then a sudden
hem warning of a new danger gave my
nr- nerves another shock.
nan "The bear had gone less than fifty
ralo feet away when I heard the sharp
the crack of a rifle on the other side of
me, heard the hiss of a bullet as it
'ith flew over me and saw a bunch of fur
pio- fly from the side of the bear. The ani
in mal had been hit just back of the left
of shoulder, but the bullet did not even
ien knock him down. With a growl of
at rage the big shaggy monster turned
the and came toward me with a rush.
"I was certain that the shot had
the been fired by an Indian, and if there
ars was any faint hope of escape lingering
of in my breast before, it rapidly van
by ished. The centipede had been startled
In- by the shot and was now running
r I down my bare arm. There I was, with
I the deadly insect on my bare flesh, an
the enraged and wounded bear coming at
'ay me from one side, and an Indian on
ins the other side of me ready to shoot me
ere down the moment I raised my head.
ell "I quickly made up my mind that if
ity my time had come I had rather be shot
le by the Indian or torn to pieces by the
ant bear than to be stung to death by the
centipede. With a bound I sprang to
aw my feet, and to my intense relief the
ed centipede dropped from my arm to the
of ground without stinging me. But I I
m
wyr 75"i
of
as
Ir- t
he ii i
re t
of t r i
id v ti
pI i
ae
p"d
S I HAD DRAWN MY KNIFE. ti
d forgot to grab my gun as I rose. and P
d when I got on my feet the bear was so i
i- close I did not have time to stoop and it
I- get it. In fact, it was only by a quickl h
g leap to one side that I escaped the k
"e clutch of the grizzly as lie rose on lia 01
or hind feet and made a lunge at ine with In
paws outstretched and mouth wide le
t open. uis
"As I leaped aside and faced about i W
Scaught sight of the painted face of a
I murderous-looking Crow Indian who to
V stood. rifle in hand, not less than thirty .
E yards away. The Indian was evident.
I ly not awvare of mny presence until I
e jumped up from the ground, and had fe
a his rifle raised for a shot at the bear
Sthe was so startled by my sudden ap n
w pearance that he lowered his rifle. and, to
instead of taking a shot at me, ran di
t away as fast as he could go. of
s "I gave a sigh of relief now that I
had only one enemy to fight instead of J
I three. But I was not yet out of dan- i
ger by any means. The pain of his tri
wound made the bear frantic. (h-owl- th
ing furiously, he turned and made an- re
other rush for ne. Hle was now be- up
tween me and my rifle, and my only me
weapon was a long hunting knife see
which I carried in may belt. Glancing tht
back over my shoulder for a second, I wa
discovered another and serious danger. Cih
I was within twenty feet of the bank
of the ravine, wvhiph was directly be
hind me. A :stumble or slip of the foot '
would carry me over the brink. which gir
meant a fall of one hundred feet, to the
strike on a mass of rock below. til
"As the bear rushed at me the sec- y n
ond time I again sprang to one side
and escaped him by only a few inches. hai
I had drawn my knife, but I knew an
that if I had closed with him he could I ri
tear me to pieces before I cotild reach
a vital spot with such a weapon. pie
"As I dodged about a plan of escape
suddenly occurred to me. It was a w
desperate chance, but my situation
was desperate, and by this time it was
plain that the bullet from the gun of yr
the Indian had not reached a vital -
spot, and the bear was good for hours Ind
of hard fighting yet. Par
"As I dodged about to avoid the say- hor
age rushes of the animal I kept get- wa
ting nearer the brink of the ravine. whi
Finally I stook on the very edge of it, Pro
with the bear facing me, twenty feet She
away. Again he rose on his hind feet coli
and came to me with a vicious growl. thu
I stood still until I could almost feel yer
his hot breath in my face. Then duck- tool
ing to avoid his outstretched forelegs sire
I sprang quickly to one side. reli
"My plan of escape was a success. cei
The momentum of the big brute was all,
such that he could not stop in time tiei
and he plunged headlong over the her
bank and went tumbling to the bot- dDS
tom of the ravine. I heard him strike Bar
the rocks a hundred feet below with a tion
thud, and then as I realized that 1 was
safe I dropped to the ground as limp them
as a wet rag. I was as weak as a baby con'
from the effects of the strain on my 44,gg
nerves, and it was nearly an hour be- dial.
fore I was strong enough to pick np of ti
my rife and start bacd to camp. prin
"'With two of my companions to help eati
me-I went up the ravine the next 4.7 have
Wmu. ~a 8r*~0I h s"
arm LITERlARY I11DERELICTS.
oted4
seat,: Berapbooks. Their Value and the Changes
p in Taste Which They Show.
hnort Who so keepeth a scrapbook keepeth
r of a good thing, and the manner in which
it is kept is an indication of the pres
ver, ence or absence of certain qualities in
and the "keeper," as order, perseverence,
did continuity of purpose and fixedness of
for memoiry. A scrapbook is, moreover, an
but index of literary taste and feeling, and
hind a scrapbook, or a series of scrapbooks
save kept for d number of years, shows how
red that taste may hange, broaden and
tion rise with readin and the reception of
new ideas and ressions. Coula we
till have all the scra oks of one lifetime
so extending from youth to age, we should
have a literary history of that life.
den Those scrapbooks are most interest
ing and valuable which may be classi
fled as personal; kept by some one in
ifty dividual for personal use and behoof;
which record the workings of one brain
e of and, in a way, the emotions of one
heart. These, preserved, become in
fur time histories and autobiographies.
ani- ext in interest to these ivate scrap
eft books are those which are kept for a
purpose; to collect and preserve facts
ofin regard to some event in history;
some historical charactor, as Washing
ton or Napoleon, or better yet, some
contemporary personage. From these
the biographer of the future may col
re lect his choicest material; for be it
ng known that newspapers from which
n- scrapbooks are generally made are no
led longer the "abstract and brief chroni- c
lgcles" of the time, but are extended and 1
ith even diffuse chronicles, telling all l
an there is to tell. Anyone iWho has
at had occasion to wvi te a post-mortem I
on sketch of any meo rn statesman has
me found his facts stated at length, not in i
books, but in newspapers. And yet I
t if newspapers are evanescent and perish- t
hot able. Out of the one hundred thou- i
hes sand copies a newspaper issued on a
the certain day, it is quite possible that
to every copy may have disappeared in a
he few days, except the half dozen pre
he served on files. It is well. then, that i
t I the scrapbook keeps the cream, the r
gem, the one poem, or sketch, or f
speech. or story that made a certain s
copy of the newspaper sought after and e
valuable for clipping purposes. a
It is a fact that every reading person 1,
must have noticed, that there is not in t
the world a perfect book of quotations. a
Complete as the work on han4bmay be, n
it frequently does not contain the line, o
N the verse, the "eloquent extract" one a
is looking for. Scrapbooks, old scrap
U books, are the repositories of these a
I things; these poems by unknown au- d
" thors; by the poets who wrote but one s,
poem each, and never got credit for t
that. These are very often resurrect- p
ed from antique scrapbooks and sent 'I
on their anonymous round through the
newspapers. to be again secured in the e
scrapbooks and again for a time for- a
gotten. tI
The scrapbook, or rather the keeping oi
of it, is an aid to the memory. One c.
does not entirely forget that which he bi
takes time to cut out of a book or )
newspaper and fasten to the ireceptive e,
I page, and perhaps (as he should) record dl
o in an index. lie retains a portion of tl
d it, a scrap of the scrap, as it were, in lo
It his mind, so that in any event he l
. knows where to find it. The practice ti
n of keeping scrapbooks, considered by to
hi many persons old-fashincld, is not the ti
I. less an excellent fashion: preserving to it
us in our youth: keep for another time pr
what one day made us smile or weep; ly
- a biography, a histoif a journal writ- am
ten by a thousand other hands and yet le:
our own.-Kansas City Star. to
Loud Grief Expends Itself. th
.. "'The person whose grief is mani- th
"fested in violent paroxyisms is fortu- lot
r nate." said Dr. L. J. WVilton. "' have ye
never known a ease where there were e
loud cries. wailing, and moaning that bu
n did not soon recover completely. One is
of the first patients I ever had was a so
young man who had met with an acci- vii
f dent. He died within an hour. and the the
grief of his young widow was most dis- qu
tressing to those present. It was with thi
the greatest difficulty that we could Ba
restrain her from throwing herself rer
ulvon his coffin in the grave, but in two an,
months she was married again and sel
seemed "o be perfectly happy._ Grief for
that can not be thrown off by out- thi
ward manifestations is what tells.- anm
Cincinnati Enquirer., -v
A It-thologle Character. f
The young man had been telling the
girl a lot of marvelous stories, which he pre
thought she was swallowing whole, un- up
til she began to quiz him and queer his no
yarns. i
"Do you know," she asked after she sw
had been making him feel silly forhalf tra
an hour. "what mythological character elk
I represent?"
"Diana." he responded, anxious to oJ
please. or
"No,'" she desented: "Orpheus." the
"How Orpheus?" hic inquired. "He kin
was a man." har
"I know, but he played upon the s
lyre."--Detroit Free Press.. lir
-There is but one woman lawyer in seam
India, and that is 3Miss Sorabji. a fail
Parsee, who, 'after winning academic upo
honors in India, went to England, and in U
was a successful student at Oxford, str
where she was a protegee of the late to a
Prof. Jowett, the master of Balliol. the
She worked in a solicitor's office in Lin- the
; coln Inn after quitting Oxford, and a
thus familiarized herself with a law- oth
yer's practical work. Miss Sorabji ovem
took up the study of law from the de- nar
sire to help her countrywomen, whom
religion and custom alike forbid to re
ceive legal advice from men; but, after "
li1, she has not yet been able to prac- spri
tice law in India. She still believes it "2
her mission in life, however, and, pend- rech
i-g the opportunity, she has a post at ten
Baroda as director of vomana's educa- but
tion.
-Along the west coast of Africa
there are now about 225 churches, 40,000
converts, 100,000 adherents, 800 schools,
40,000 pupils. Thirty-five languages or
dialects have been mastered, and parts St
of the Bible and other books have bees rela;
printed in these languagee, while it is I
estimated that 8.000,000 *the natives ha
haven more or less ksaow hq e " *b) a -
Seapel Rt Chvi t
S INDIAN SEAL HUNTERS.
arae With Primitive Implements They Ottea
De Better Than the White M"en.
ieth Nearly all of the crack seal hunters
hich of the Makah Indians are commonly
ares- known as Neah Bay Indians.
in The Indians go out upon the chase
nce, without guns and ammunition, relying
a of on their prowess as spearsmen for their
,an success in catching the game. The
and schooners will carry the regulation
,oks sealing flag, something new in the line
low of bunting, at the mast head. The
and flag is a square yellow and black, cut
u of diagonal, and floated beneath the Stars
we and Stripes. It is to be not less than
Lme four feet square, and is made compul
uld sory under the new regulations of the
ife. modus vivendi. The Indians will gn
est- for the voyage before the United States
asi- Indian agent at Neah Bay. They go
in- contendedly, knowing that anything
of; he does for them is for the best. One
ain third of the catch of the trip goes to
one the schooner and two-thirds to the
in hunters, and each canoe will give so
ies. many skins to pay for the provisions i
ap- they use. I
ra The Indian seal spears are curious I
cts implement of the chase. They can not I
ry; be better described to those who have I
ag- ever seen the sallnon spear than by
me saying they look just like such a
ese weapon, only built much stronger and
mol- heavier. Long fir sticks without any :
it knots are trimmed down and rounded a
ich by the Indians themselves, and forms j
no the arrow of the spear. At the lighter I
ni- or feather end the Indians fasten a very
nd flattened .and curiously cut shingle- I
all like piece of wood, which holds the
Las spear plumb in its .swift passage
nm through the air. The spear end of the d
as long arrow is branched by firmly bind- i
in ing two light but hard wood sticks to
et the longer stick at an angle that leaves I
Jh- the two ends about seven or eight
au- inches apart. One of these prongs is v
a cut about ten inches or a foot shorter fi
at than the other. and' when ready to be 1.
a thrown forth they are armed with the
e- sharp steel spearhead. If in throw
at ing the longer one misses the
Ce mark, the next may prove better and
or find a resting place in the flesh of the
in seal. The steel spears are made
id of a common file ground down and into of
shape by the Indians themselves. The la
in lmrb is made by filing out a piece after ei
in the file has been ground down to the ti
is. sharpness of a knife blade. It gets its
e, proper position by inclining the process
e, of filing so that it extends toward the
me sharp point.
p- Fastened to the dull end of the steel
se spear are a couple of pieces of elk horn
u- divided into halves and so bound to the to
re steel that a socket is left between the fa
or two, into which the end of the spear N4
:t- prong is stuck when it is to be thrown.
it The steel spear is attached to the long
me wooden handle by a string of elk sin- II
e ews about one and one-half yards long
r- and carefully wrapped in small silk
thread. As soon as a seal is struck by Gi
ig one of the spearsmen the long arrow ri,
ie comes out of the socket and the steel alL
ei barb holds firmly like a hook in a sal
)r mon's mouth. The elk sinews, how- th
e ever, form a connection with the han
d die, which in turn is attached to
)f the hunting canoe by means of a ag
n long cord, which is made too strong to d
.e be broken by a seal floundering from
e the end of it. If pains were not taken ha
y to have the barb free from the handle
e the seal in its flounderings would snap it,
o it off instantly. All the hard-wood
e prongs of the spears brought in recent- on
a; ly by the Willapa have been bitten
and scarred in dozens of places by luck
t less and frantic seals in their struggles ,,we
to get away.
One peculiarity in the construction of me
the seal spear is the manner of binding
the two hard-wood prongs into the
longer stick. This is done by wrapping fus
very light strips of bark of a species of
vegetation well known to the Indians, to
b but hard to acquire by the whites. It off.
is a very tough fiber, and the strips are
so thin that they scarcely increase the liv
visible size of the sticks around which the
they are bound. The white men fre
quently pay the Indians big prices for the
this bark, which is secured about Neah
Bay. The whole spear is painted a dull
red by the Indians in their crude way, it
and with mixtures they make them- bee
selves from the native extracts of the thi
forest. When properly fixed for
throwing the spear readily bal
ances in the hand. and Capt.
Irving says the hunters will throw it N
with accuracy a distance of six or eight pur
fathoms. In the main less distances are over
preferred by the hunters, who stand L
up in the bows of their light cedar ca- be a
noes, while the oarsmen squat rigidly to 14
in the stern and paddle along over the neci
swells as silently as if they were put
tramping barefooted on the trail of an plea
elk in the mountains. M
The hunting canoes are no less an My
object of interest than are the spears his
or the spearsmen. They look as if La
they would not live a moment in any Yes,
kind of a sea, but in the dexterous have
hands of the natives they are perfectly yes,
safe. The oarsman has his eyes about
him as well as the hunter. While one
is looking for seal the other carefully Sc
scans the sea for swells, and he seldom yon
fails to be ready for one when it comes kno
upon his frail craft. He takes the swell S
in an oblique course, never meeting it com
stem on, nor does he ever allow his boat papa
to be caught parallel with the swells in
the trough between them. Meeting
the swell obliquely, the canoe rises like TI
a gull over the crest and down on the hO.
other side, and in this way will pass
over swells that would capsize an ordi- da
nary *hip s boat.-Seattle Telegraph. mig]
cour
Reuseold Economy.
"Have you taken up your carpets this
spring?" asked one neighbor of another.
"No. I don't take them up. relast
reckoned it this way. Carpets will last the
ten years, anyhow, if yenou let 'em alone;
but if I cleaned and beat them my back
wouldn't last more than two years.
I've decided to let the wear and tear
come on the earpets."-Youth's Com- Sh
panion. hear
reet Distant. s
Stickby-- Vho is your most distant
relative, 311l?
Bill Frayedort (who is known to -4
have relatives *boad) - My cousin, just
oaoa Welntodo, Just .c ao the strot. "A
~Lw'J*l~gs QQ9u1V, *5
iQUALIFIED TO ACT AS JUDGE.
'ttes A Westeam Smorers Who Doelded a Came
S a Waver or Buffalo BIll
tern Buffalo Bill once gave a show in Car
)ly son City, Nev., and on the opening
night the house was packed to the
lase doors. The audience, however, went
ring away dissatisfied because.Mr. Cody him
heir silf did not appear. The celebrated
The cowboy, when the time came for him
Lion to startle the audience with his deeds
line of daring was not to be found. So the
The good people of Carson dubbed the show
cut a "fake," and after the first night only
tars a few attended. Charles E. Locke, the
ian manager of the showv, brought a suit
pul- against Buffalo Bill to recover
the damages. It caused a big sensa
ign tion in Carson, for the residents of
rtes that town knew very little, of the mer
go its of Thespians of any kind, and there
ing were few, if any, who could honestly
ne- tell whether or not it was more grati- I
sto fying to the audience for an intoxi
the cated actor to appear on the stage and I
so make a fool of himself, or remain be
one hind the sces in the arms of nMor- ,
pheus. The judge of the court did not i
sas like to decide the case between Messrs. I
not Locke and Cody, and it was impossible
ire to find a jury with sufficient intelli- I
by gence to understand the matter. Fi
a nally it was agreed to let Sam Davis t
Lnd decide the case. So the sage bush hu- C
ny morist was brought before the tribunal :1
Led and was closely questioned by the o
ms judge, who wanted to see how much c
ter Mr. Davis knew about the drama. h
Iry "Have you ever been in a theater,
le- Mr. Davis?" asked the judge.
he "Yes, sir.",
ge "Do you think that you can tell the 1
he difference between a man who is intox- is
d- icated and a man who is sober?" N
to "Most assuredly," answered Mr. lI
res Davis.
ht "Did you ever hear of a theatez h
is where the play drew largely on the
er first night and continued to draw n
be largely during the run of the play?"
he "Yes, sir."
"Where?"
he "In London. It was tragedy."
ad "Who wrote it?"
he "William Shakspeare."
de "Now, Mr. Davis, did you ever hear tu
to of a theater where the play drew
le largely on the first night and only '
er eight or ten people on every night ,3
lie thereafter?"
ti "Yes, sir."
se "Where?" at
te "In London. It was a tragedy also."
"And who wrote that tragedy?"
el "I did." Ill
-n Mr. Davis was unanimously selected an
ie to decide the suit, which he did in Vi
ie favor of Buffalo Bill.-San Francisco in
iA News Letter. Its
n. ins
dg JIM WAS WELL AHEAD. W1
n- mi
Me Had Saved Himself Much Trouble by to
SSeeklang a Damp Spot.
A young man stood at the foot of
!Y Griswold street gazing steadily into the
v river, when a policeman who happened d
el along inquired: st
1- "Looking for anything particular out In'
L" there?" IP
"WVell, no," replied the gazer. "'I was ýr6
just a-thinkin'. It isalmost three years iL
a ago to a day since my brother Jim was `n`
O drowned right here.". 3
n "And you thought you might see his
n hat floating around?" >ul
C "Oh, no. I was thinkin' how curious
P it all came about. Jim went right off
the wharf here. They said he just gave no,
one yell before he struck the water."
a "It was a case of suicide, then?" E
"Straight case. You see, Jim and mee :
s were both in love with the same girl. ;f
SJim was the best looking, but I had the int
most land." ble
"And the girl preferred you?" :1c.
e "She did. Jim and me didn't have no T
fuss about it, but as soon as he i4and ayS
out how things was he come into"De- beis
troit and walked down here and jumped not
off. Poor old Jim!" lhe
"There are many sad things in our mal
lives," said the policeman, as he tapped lnd
the head of a pile with his baton. sues
"You bet, and this is one of them. 1'
though Jim can't complain." vli
"Complain of what?" tent
"Why, he suicided because he couldn't 'ate
git the girl, and now I want to suicide all
because I did git her. On the whole, I som
think Jim is about a year and a half T1
ahead of me."-Detroit Free Press. oost
in d
Large and Small Matters.
Mr. Nocash-My neighbor. AMr. Slim- the'
purse, has built his fence six inches e1se
over the line.
Lawyer-A small matter, which can acti
be amicably arranged. Agree with him apo
to let the fence stand where it is until the
necessary to rebuild, and then have it smo
put where it belongs. Five dollars, to ti
please. Thanks. Good-day, sr. this
Mr. Golde-Bullion - Good-morning! to tl
My neighbor, Mr. Fatpurse, has built ritas
his fence four inches over the line. the
Lawyer--He has, eh? We'll fix him. tio
Yes, sir, I'll win that case for you if I
have to carry it to the supreme court, whim
yes, sir."-N. Y. Weekly. Leas
Mnew His Dad. t
Senator Grabb-Be very careful of arti
your associates, my son. A man is faIn
known by the company he keeps. that
Son-And a senator is known by the Ch
company that keeps him, ain't he, lr
papa?"-Judge. a
An Unaworthy Prweeentor. the I
The Justice-You are accused, Sam- is al
bo, of stealing three chickens. Comi
Sambo-Jedge, your hohah, de man
dat callasdem old hens "chickens" has a
miKhty tough conscience to appear in SO
court -Truth. Oh,
at tb
A oreat Saving. GOn
"'ave you saved anything in the is al
last year?" asked the irate father of will
the prodigal son. get
'"'Yes, dad," said the prodigal. "I've
saved my vermiform appendix."
Judge. "H
Ia measesi e s your
Sharp-Was it grand opera yeou
Flatte--Blessed if I know whether it
was egrnd, square, or upright.--Detroit four
Free Press.
--awab-'"She'a worth a miUlon, and
a. Otki'~Q~lIs Is t~ lght ··
GE. SCHOOL AND CHUR
Ca -The first annualr
deavor convention ever held
iar- was held in Shanghai, recently.
ng -Two thousand one hun
the ninetyfive Jews in the
him- Prussia became Christians
ated 1888.
him -The Scandinavians of this.
eeds possess 42 institutions for
the and higher education, with 5
how dents. The value of the
only $1,250,000.
the -There are five government
suit sities in India, but these uni
over are forbidden to teach any
sa- doctrine, and have no care over
m of morals of the students.
ner- -A few years ago no man da
here through the streets of any ChI
stly on Good Friday. Even the cars
rati- not allowed torun. No sound of
oxi- labor was permitted to disturb
and ligious silence.
be- -Bishop Taylor tells of a mani:
hior- verted late ah life, who wanted to
not tp for lost time #pBd double the
isrs. mainder of his life, so~e resoly
ible support a missionary to labor in
elli- field while he labored at home.
Fi- -The missionaries of Swedish
avis ties are publishing, at Kibunzi, on
hu- Congo, a monthly paper in the
Inal dialect whose title means "MLese
the of Peace." The paper costs t
uch cents per year, and is printed i
hundred copies.
ter, -The highest cathedral tower in,
world-that of tUlm Minster-tho
finished some years ago, has bean li
the den by scaffolding until recently. T
xz- last portion of the scaffolding has n.
ln removed, and the tower can '
Nfr. last be seen in all its beauty.
-The board of education of the
tey hyterian church has decided that i
the must limit the probable number of
ar students under its care in colleges'a
seminaries during the coming seasons
to nine hundred, and can not promise
to give a larger sum than eighty do-.
lars for the year.
-It is the f5pion, L° k'rance f-r
government to par..el .~ t. the pa
ar funds for the supI~rol oa ruhi4
Sship. From S8,000,o00, to s10,0o&
ht annually given the 4A holic-; th -
rstants receive abo:t 3¶. 3.5 ,.
about $40,000 and the `iA ,muw
about $50,000.-Mis I.a1u ,rviweiv.
-The queen of Italy recently sent to
Rev. Father Tonello, of Galesburg,
Ill., a pair of heavy silver candlesticks.
ed and a copy of a picture by Giotto of the
in Virgin and Child, beautifully framed
co in silver. Father Tonello is of a noble
Italian family, and was a childish play
mate of the queen. Not long ago he
wrote to her, asking some aid for his
mission, and her gift was sent in reply
by to his appeal. .=
of -Mfrs. Charles Ilenrotin, the wife of
he a Chicago banker, and herself a leader
ed of society, recently addressed a social
,stic meeting of over one thousand men
at and women~ Kimball hall, Chicago,
apon the wr gs of 'women wage-ear
ers and the advantages of the eight
hour law, recounting the results of her
rs investigations in printing-offices,
sweating-shops. and other places where a!
is te working-day was practically with
sut a limit.
THE USE OF SOAPS.
e flow the Skin Is Injured by the Cheaper
Kinds.
Even in perfect health, the skin may
ie he said to be one of the most sensitive
1. if the bodily tissues. and when it is
ie naturally irritable and harsh it is lia
ble to be seriously affected by the sim
ilest of external influences.
o The skin is roughly divided into two
d .ayers; the deeper one. or the true skin,
- being the vital portion. and for the
d nost part responsible for the health of
|he whole structure: while the exter
r al layer is more of the nature of horn,
d and serves as a protection for the tis
sues underneath.
The natural function of the true skin,
which is to excrete the perspiration,
!ends, in normal conditions, to lubri-t_
t 'ate this horny epidermis, as it is
a zalled, and to keep it always soft and
I somewhat moist.
f The perspiration is, in the main, com
oosed of watery and fatty sweat; and
in determining the suitability of any
le.nsing medium, it is its relation to
these, substances more than anything
else that we have to study.
Soap, as we all know, is made by the
action of alkalies, like potash and soda,
upon fats. There is generally, even in
the best of soap, a greater or less
amount of alkali above that required "
to transform the fat into soap. It is
this free alkali that becomes prejudicial
to the skin, as it not only acts as an ir
ritant, but combines with and removes
the fatty sweat. By its continued se
tion the skin is rendered harsh and dry.
We may guard against the danger
which may attend, in some cases at
least, the free use of soap in either of
two ways-by limiting ourselves to
articles made by reputable firms, or by
using a soap which has an excess of
fatty matter in its composition, likeh6
that known as "castle." .2'
Cheap soaps, while they may;
all right to the sense of sight n
are generally perfumed -highly to
the presence of free alkali, mai
is always to be diacouraged.-Y
Companion.
Ureaktag the Itcrd. s5!
Small Brother (enthusia~stifd j
Oh, grandma, Harry broke the
at the college contest. -
Orandma-Well, I declare, that
is always breaking something. Wb
will it cost to fix it, or will he have t=
get a new One?--Detroit Free Preas.
A seeers. -
"How are you getting along wil
your new servant girl?" asked
srller.
"Our new servant gial?" rpcate
hostess with some indignation in
voicee; "why, she has been with .-F
four drys."- -.
.  i 