-..~
THE AFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME fLAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 23, 1895. NUMBER 51.
TON BROS.
-DBALERS IN
General
i 9 rchandise.
jowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
'L'. ela Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
. CHEAP STORE.
SLiOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Salles' Stote,
LAFAYETTE. LA.
-Gold medal award.*d at Exposition of
1878. Repairing of fine waLches a spe
cialty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. CARMIL CON VUT
LAFAYETTE, LA.
The system of education includes the
French and English languages, Music
and all kinds of n-edle-work. Every
attention will beo giv,.n to the health
and comfort of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT ana SUPPLY SHOP.
?4ear ltank I:uldling.
FRED MIOUTOU l, lroprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
Ii. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. O. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
.arfayete, La.
it. YV. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.A.ttorneys-s Eat I jnv,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
A ED Stable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable erices
Carefuldr:vers furnished when required1
LAYIAETTE, LA.
j an 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
premo and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New O:leans. -
LsawA I M TrfT , A.B
RAIlROD BAIRBEIL 8110P.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "'OLD RELIABLE." '
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor. '
r..-L' I -r , mB F 3an - - N
-AN D-
Sale Stable :
K. COISTAITIN, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in the-State 22 years, a
and in Lafayetto Parish 11 years, calls l
attention to his new and successful treat
mont of the respiratory organs. Medi- c
cal inhalations combined with constt- d
tutional troatment affording a cb~e es
Consumption, In the Iirst and seconi
period If they follow exactly the treat
aent and relief in the third period.
Deafness and shronic diseases in gea
. ral a specialty.
0. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Publioc
- Axis---
Justice of the Peace.
Ca.eful.d prompt attentionluiven tr i
*- " e collection Ot ni . coan is, notes o jii
-''" ltr  Sale a pureCaso of lands at.
i C. It. MOUTON,
A FURIOUS FIGHT.
A & Night Battle with Wolves in a
Norway Hamlet.
My father was a minister in the
small parish of Upper Iendale, in
Norway. When we first settled in
Upper Rendale parsonage the parish
had been for years unmolested by
wolves. The old fence that had once
'e protected the dog kennel had fallen to
decay, and it had not been thought
worth while to have it replaced.
ith We had two dogs at the parsonage,
Ajax and Hector. Ajax wasa common
hare hound, white and black saddled.
He was medium-sized and the most
LA. spirited animal I have ever known.
We small boys had many a merry
frolic with him. Often when we had
bounded far beyond us to fetch a ball
or a stick one of us had cast he would
lie down, his head between his paws,
his eyes beaming with roguishness, to
wait till we caught up to him. As soon
as we were near enough to touch him "
he would dart nimbly away, and so he
would keep it up until we dropped
down, unable to take another step.
Then he would roll on the ground with
us, bubbling over with mirth. He was
ntever known to snarl or snap at us, £
no matter how rough we might be. 1
He Bfe* at every .dog, large or 1
small, that appeared on the road. 1
at Swift as lightning, with jaws that
pe- gripped like a vise, and with an in
ed. domitable will, he usually came off
victorious. When he did get into a
pinch. Hector came growling to his I
rescue, and that settled the matter. 1
Hector was a large yellow St. Ber
nard of the long-haired kind. We chil- i
dren rode him, drove him, and did i
be pretty much as we pleased with him.
ai He followed us like a shadow. The
*ry approach of strangers was usually i
tb announced by him with a few gruff
he barks, and then he permitted Ajax to a
furnish the rest of the music. Smaller f
dogs than himself Hector never
harmed, and larger ones there were R
not for miles around. For Ajax he
cherished a faithful, patient friend
ship. At night Ajax slept in the dog h
kennel, while Hector kept guard out- v
side. d
One cold, star-lit evening in Feb- n
S ruary, 1858, my brother and I, two ii
small boys. were coasting on the hill
r. north of the parsonage, our pointed 3
caps drawn down over our ears, our
rk fingers protected by coarse woolen c
10 mittens. The crisp snow creaked and
groaned under our heels as we went r;
up the hill, and shrieked beneath the fi
steel runners of our sleds as we made ti
our daring flights downward. Sharply c
defined shadows were cast on the
" snow by the moon, and Hector and g
Ajax, our constantcompanions, looked si
with intelligent eyes at the fairyland
scene about us.
From the parsonage woodshed stole ri
the lurid glow of the pine torch. The Il
D steady sound of chopping there gave a
us that comfortable sense of security sa
the nearness of people always brings.
Otherwise the surrounding stillness cm
was undisturbed, save by the occasion- R
al groaning of some heavily-laden ve- o
hicle on the road or the slamming of a II
door in the distance. sa
Suddenly my brother seized my arm. a{
"Hark!" whispered he. tl
From the thicket above us a long, w
hungry howl was r;nging through the s2
night air. It was promptly answered
from a point still farther up the slope, w
and presently from the opposite side
of the valley. Throwing back his st
head, Hector listened intently; Ajax tc
bristled and growled. We boys knew tl
the sound and shuddered. ti
"Let's go home," said my brother, tI:
lashing our sleds together. or
We were on our way down the hill ai
when some one called us from the par- cE
sonage.
At the door fattier was waiting for tl
1 us. He patted Hector's head, helped Fe
us boys put up our sleds and brushed a
off the snow, and then hurried us into ha
- the house. hi
"The wolves are about." lie said di
quietly to mother, as he took up his gr
paper. in
She seemed uneasy and questioned th
us children pretty closely. A series of
wolf stories followed, one of them to
about a man who had a narrow escape an
from a wolf which had sprung at him cil
ona dark nighton the public highway. do
"You see, children, you cannot be hi,
too careful," said mother, as she rang he
the bell for the maid to bring in sup- mi
per. wi
While we were still at the table, Ole fe]
Johnson, one of the farmhands, came we
in from the woodshed and stood in the dr
doorway, shivering. sig
"It might be well to keep the dogs
indoors to-night," said he. bi
"Have you seen any wolves?" asked fe'
father. up
"No; but 1 heard them awhile ago," hu
replied Ole. an
"Take Ajax into the servants' hall,"
said mother, "and Hector may sleep in fli£
the nursery."
To bare ILector in our room seemed at
to us boys the safest, most delightful dri
thing imaginable. We were quite sure
he was the strongest dog in the world, pa
and could dispose of twenty, aye, a we
hundred wolves. bl
as we went up to bed, however, our wI
courage was somewhat shaken by the
distant howling we heard, and when bu
Hector came upstairs with liarit, the pa
nursemaid, we screamed aloud with ths
fright. We actually thought the wolf pa
had broken in. gal
Long after we crept into bed we lay tw
shivering with cold and dread, until doj
finally the warmth of the fire Marit far
had kindled pervaded the room, and the
the crackling flames mingled with
Hector's heavy breathing lulled us to -
rest, the
How late it was when Istarted up in tur
a panic of terror I cannot say. A con- mu
fused blending of snarling and howl- an
ing filled the air, and on the window an
was plainly outlined the huge, dark pal
head of some animal, with wide-open mu
jaws.
Clapping my hand over my eyes I -
shrieked out. Marit was aroused by the
ad _ omlnar to bmy bedaIi ol
walI~ what was te matts., ual
.e4 13 P15~t~Cu. 4aiJ
At this moment Htites for it was
his head I had seen, barked loudly,
and standing on his hind legs, with his
fore paws on the vwindow sill, made a
desperate effort to see through the
frost-painted glass.
Moving toward the window Mfrrit
e cleared a space and stood peering out
i into night. In an instant I was at her
n side, barefoot and trembling. To my
sh dying day I shall never forget the sight
y we saw.
ce In an open space on the hillside,
to north of the parsonage, a dark mass
ht was writhing and tossing on the snow
amid snarls and howls that rent the
e, air like the roar of a distant waterfall.
n "Wolves!" murmured Marit, grasp
lug my arm.
at Just `then mother opened the door
leading into the hall, and Hector,
y darting past her, sprang down the
d steps and was only stopped by the
11 front door.
Id Mother gave orders to put the chil
5, dren's clothes on, and it was not long
to before everyone in the house was
Pn dressed and at the window command
ing a view of the struggle.
e Famous for all time in the parish
,d will be that battle fought between sir
P. or seven wolves and the fiercest dogs
;h in the vicinity. Long-drawn howls,
shrill, excited yelps and smothered
s. groans woke the echoes of the night.
I quivered in every limb as I watched
r the thrilling spectacle presented by
I. the strong gaunt wolves contending
t with the small dogs that sprang into
- the air, came floundering down, rolled
over and over and darted forwardagain.
a Suddenly a man was seen running
is from the direction of the servants'
ball. It was Ole Johnson.
Father threw open the window and
peremptorily ordered him to go back
d into the house.
"Ajax is with me," cried Ole, halting.
"C Let Hector loose," he cried,
presently.
i Then, hastening to the woodshed. he
seized an ax and was about starting
r for the scene of the combat.
r "Stay where you are! Have you
g one stark mad?" shouted father.
Ole stood for a moment, irresolute.
Above the din there now arose a
g high-pitched shriek from a voice twr.
- wonld all have known among hun
dreds. It gradually became more and
more smothered, and finally resolved
o itself into a gurgling moan.
i "They are killing him!" screamed
I Marit, sobbing aloud.
At this Ole started off as fast as he
could go.
Hector, too, had recognized his coin
t rade's call. With a hoarse bark he
flung himself against the hall door,
tearing and scratching with teeth and
claws, determined to get out.
S "Then, in heaven's name, let him
go," cried father, and Marit flew down
stairs to open the door.
The huge animal bounded northward
with vigorous leaps, past Ole, and not
resting until he had found him whom
he was seeking. Then followed a
matchless *isplay of indomitable
strength and ferocity.
Four dogs were engaged in mortal.
combat with one tall. powerful wolf,
who was just about to get the better
of Ajax. With head proudly erect,
Hector sprang to the group, seized the
savage brute and flung it high into the 1
air. As it came sprawling down, he a
throttled it and slapped the ground a
with it like one gone mad, making the a
snow fly in all directions.
Suddenly he relax-ed his hold--the
wolf was dead.
At the door of the servants' hall
stood Ole, with Ajax in his arms. Iec
tor bounded toward them, sniffed at
the trembling, bleeding Ajax, and e
then darted back into the thickest of I
the fray. Laying the wouuded hound I
on a cushion, Ole hurried northward
again, taking with him two other lads, e
each armed with an ax. r
When they reached the battlefield a
the result of tie combat was decided. v
Four wolves lay dead or dying among a
a heap of mangled dogs. The others a
had skulked away, but their hideous o
howling was still making the night a
dismal. Hector moved from group to o
group, sniffing at the dead and fawn- '
ing over the injured cogs that lay in it
the snow, licking their wounds. C
For more than half an hour he paced a
to and fro, laid down, got up again
and showed every sign of intense ex- c
citement. Not until all the living
dogs had gone home did he relinquish a
his post and present himself at the sl
house door. As soon as he was ad- e:
mitted he found his way to Ajax, and o
with much demonstration of affection is
fell to licking the little - fellow's ai
wounds. This task accomplished, he 0:
dropped down with a. long and weary h,
sigh, and began to attend to his own. by
Ajax crapt quivering between his t
big comrade's legs, turned uneasily a 1]
few times and finally curled himself f
up comfortably. He was pretty badly t
hurt, having a deep gash in the back, ta
and a long, gaping rent in the throat. rs
The next morning traces of the con- C:
flict were widespread. Blood dyed the
snow, mangled, lifeless wrecks were
strewn around, and tufts of hair
drifted about in the wind. Cc
People gathered from all parts of thle is
parish. Some lingered about the ra
woodshed where Ole narrated the ly
blood-curdling events of the night, tt
while he dressed the wolf skins Cl
All this hlappened some years ago,
but even to-day in that far-away litt:o a
parish in Norway the people speak of D
that night; and if you should go to the lii
parsonage you will see close to the m
gate of the little garden to your right, lI
two low mounds where lie the faithful h
dogs, Hector and Ajax, who fought the di
famous battle with the wolves.From
the Norwegian, in Providence Journal. d
th-
-Nothing can so peculiarly gratify e-l
the noble dispositions of human na- 1i
ture as for one man to see another so wJ
much himself as to sigh his griefs, th
and groan his pains, to sing his joys, n
and do and feel everything by sym
pathy and secret inexpressible cow PC
munlications.--South. p
--Rye is believed to be one of of
the most modern of grains: it was h
--otiknown to the Egyptianasjo ancient re
=atlon bua a name fgor it befowe thb ro
*... of the Romasa empIwe.
............
u| THE RETALIATION POLICY.
is Lpublicans Maklan Party Capital of an
UnTamportant lese.
The discussion over the retaliatory
policy of Spain and Germany is becom
it Ing somewhat hysterical. It is pressed
it upon public attention with a view to
mr aking party capital. We have al
ready exposed the misrepresentations
i that have been circulated with refer
ence to it. An editorial in a republic
an paper on this nubject must be
' classed as phenomenally fair unless it
contains as many misstatements as
sentences. The bizarre feature of the
discussion is that the republicans,
while claiming to be the only "good
Americans" on earth (without even
excepting dead Indians), almost uni
versally take the foreign side of the
question, protesting that Spain and
Germany are right and we are wrong.
There is in this a certain elemedt of
consistency for which, in a spirit of
fairness, we must give the republicans
credit. Imprimis, they are entirely
° consistent in defending their own
party and attacking the democrats,
whether one or the other is right or
wrong. What is more to the purpose,
r they are consistent in defending a
° policy of retaliation against a country
' for regulating its tariff rates in ac
cordance with the requirements of its
revenue. They are quite wrong, how
ever, in ascribing this policy to Mr.
Blaine. The idea of the latter was to
continue the tariff on sugar in the
McKinley bill, but to take it off the
sugar produced by any country when
ever the latter by a commercial
treaty granted special advantage to
our exports. In a more comprehensive
way, he looked to absolute free trade
among American countries, and John
Sherman said he was "almost per
suaded" to agree with him. It is hard
to say why free trade would be any
more of a blessing with American
countries than with others, but at any
rate Mr. llaine did not advocate the
policy of retaliation which went into
the McKinley bill as section 3.
The Aldrich amendment to the Mc
Kinley bill, numbered section 8, and
misnamed "the reciprocity clause,"
provided for retaliation against such
countries as did not, in the judgment
of the president, levy fair rates of
duty on commodities exported from
the United States. It was not neces
sary that any state should levy more
tax on our products than on similar
articles from other countries. It was
sufficient that these rates should be
deemed by the president "reciprocally
unfair and unequal." Our state de
partment called the attention of a
number of countries to this provision,
and especially the countries producing
sugar and coffee. As' to coffee, no
change was made by the McKinley
bill. It had been on the free list since
1872. Still coffee-producing countries
were held up and asked to admit our
products free, or at less rates than
similar articles from other countries,
on the ground that their coffee
came in free. Several of the Spanish
American countries pointed out that
they made no discrimination against
the produce of the United States; that
they levied no duties for protection,
but only for revenue, and that if they
made the reductions desired of them
by the Harrison administration they
could not collect revenue enough to
support their governments. These
reasons did not satisfy President liar
rison as to several countries. le is
sued proclamations taxing the coffee
of Venezuela and several other coun
tries. Some other South American
states that made no concessions es
caped, for what reason has never been
explained, though possibly it may
have been the strong sentiment in
New England in favor of free hides.
Now here was a case where our gov
ernment undertook to say what tariff
rates other countries should levy for
strictly revenue purposes, where there
was no discrimination against us at
all. Ve required them to discrimin
ate in our favor, even to the sacrifice 1
of needed revenue, on pain of having
a discriminating tax put upon certain i
of their exports to the United States.
The principle underlying this action.
if formulated, would have been some- .
thing like this: "We have a right to
adopt retaliatory measures against
any other country that refuses to dis
criminate in our favor. "
Thus the McKinley bill set the pace
and other countries have not been t
slow to fall into it. llere is Spain, for t
example, undertaking to retaliate up- s
on us because we find it necessary to c
levy a revenue duty on sugar. The
sugar duty is necessary to the support a
of our government, but Spain does not a
heed that any more than Mr. Harrison t
heeded a similar explanation from cer- a
tain Spanish-American countries. Thus F
Spain is simply imitating the former t
fatuous policy of the United States. by
taxing her own subjects by way of re- .
taliation against us for raising our a
revenues in our own way.-Louisville v
Courier-Journal.
NOTES AND COMMENTS. d
-lf that greedy fool measure, twice
condemned by the people at the polls, I
is submitted to them again, they. will e
ratify their former verdicts by severe
ly whipping the party which iden- J
tifles itself with that discredited law. g
Chicago Tribune (Rep.). d
-The democratic counties of Iowa s
are the prosperous ones. Des Moines, t
Dubuque, Scott and Lee head the r
lists. Good, honest, progressive ad
ministrations like the democracy gives II
produce good results. These counties cm
have no warrants going begging for ec
discount.-Burlington Gazette. t
--Whatever the state department '
does is always worse, in the eyes of c
the republican editorsvthan anything r
else it could do. TheFhave been yell
ing for a vigorous foreign poltlicy, and
when Secretary Gresham gives it to 3
them in his Spanish policy they de- a
nounce it as violently as they ever c
denounced his conservative Hawaiian a
policy. The "Augericanism" of the e
party which boastsjl loudly of its
Americanism cona2 to-day mainly
of blind, bitter hi~"of a man who h
had the independenc, to leave the t
republican party when it no longer C
TARIFF INEQUALITIES.
n The Aamerleas Vlctlmised by the Pre..
teotve System.
y Complaint is made of the -low price
1- of wheat, as of all breadstuffs. The
d American farmer is the victim of this
o diminished value of his product be
L- cause it is asserted that he is not suf
ficiently protected by existing tariff
laws.
- 'the American wheat producer com
e petes with the wheat grower of South
it america, of India, and of Russia. lie
Is cbmpetes, too, with the producers of
.e breaastuffs wherever raised. The pro
s, tection laws as they exist under the
d Vilson enactment and as they have
n existed during the whole era of pro
i- tection spoke the word of promise to
o the ear of the American agriculturist
d and broke it to the hope.
What is the specification? Labor
of saving farm machinery originated in
of the United States. That machinery is
is sold in India, Russia and South Amer
y ica. It is put down at the barnyards
n of foreign wheat growers, notwith
i, standing their distance from the place
r of manufacture, at a price much lower
than the American farmer is compelled
a to pay to the manufacturer, though he
y is immediately in the neighborhood of
the factory. -
,s Protection' has enabled the malke for
r- agricultural instruments to levy a toll
upon the American farmer far greater
o than he demands from the South
e American, the Indian, or the Russian
e agriculturist, whose product comes in
the markets of the world in direct
.1 competition with the farm product of
a America.
e And that disadvantage to the Amer.
e ican farmer is to be still further em
a phasized. Upon the plea of benefit to
American manufacturers and laborers
I the drawback system has been author
' ized. He who imports a manufactured
a material into this country and. chang
y ing its f3rm or use, exports it, is en
a titled to a drawback of the entire
amount of duty paid, less one per
cent. The agricultural implement
makers of the United States have dis- 1
1 covered that by purchasing steel in
England they can employ it in their
1 implements at their manufactories in I
t America and send these implements to
f their customers the world over outside
a of the United States and get the ben-.
efit of the drawback, thus helping
them still further to accommnodate the
r customer abroad while compelling the I
a customer in America to pay an en- I
hanced price. t
This is one of the glaring disadvan
tages of the protection system to tie
producer in this country.
The system, even if we might grant
that as a whole it is beneficial, has I
other injustices. Mlerchants import t
large quantities of manufactured t
goods. They are assessed at a certain
rate, and, the tax being paid. the
goods are passed on to the consumer I
i with that customs tax upon them. c
iBut the importer protests that a dif- t
ferent classifica4iou ought to obtain,
whereby the goods would be dutiable a
at a lower rate. After years of delay I
there is treasury or judicial decision'of
the matter in favor of the importer. 1
During all .this period the importer
has protested upon every consignment .1
of like nature, and it results that he
has returned to him an excess of pay
ment amounting in many instances, if i
he is a heavy importer, to tens of thou- c
sands of dollars a year. The consumer 11
has paid the merchant. Does the mer- C
chant make a rebate to the consumer? v
The thing would be impracticable, t
consequently he pockets that differ t
ence. mightily to his advantage. li
If the system of protection is to ob- a
tain in this country it must be shorn r
of many a palpable evil.- Chicago is
Times. c
THE FACTS ARE OBVIOUS.
Thbe Republlcans Iopelessly tMortgaged i
to tile Sugar Trust.
The unity with which the republican c
senators voted in defense of the sugar ti
trust interests the other day would F
command admiration as an evidence of c
party discipline, if it didn't imply ve- a
nality in the sacrifice of public inter- si
ests to a dang rous and corrupt mo- j
nopoly. Every republican senator cl
who voted cast the influence of his tl
voice with the sugar trust, and it
every republican senator who was tl
present and not paired voted. Those ce
who were paired were on the side of '
the trust, so that it may be said that it
the entire republican strength in the
senate was mustered in behalf of the
odious sugar trust. el
The democrats in the senate, on the
other hand, were divided. That is to ..
say of the twenty-five who voted twen- ti
ty-three were in favor of the people el
and two, Blanchard, of Louisiana, and
Roach, of North Dakota, voted for the
trust. Blanchard is a sugar cane
grower, and Roach represents a con*
.stituency interested in sugar beets. It
may be assumed, therefore, that they
were influenced by selfish considera
tions. lut there were a number of
democrats who didn't vote, and, there
fore, that admirable party disciplinea
which obtains among the republicans
is proved to be absent from the demo- di
cratic party in the senate. t
lIut the republicans are welcome to "
the glory which they may be able to is
gather from this fact. The lack of hi
discipline is a fault, it is true, but not d
so grave an offense as the want of in- '
tegrity, and the vote shows that the v
republicans of the senate are hopeless- fe
ly mortgaged to the sugar trust, and ti
the restoration of that party to power
can have no other effect than the re
establishment of trust dominance in at
the legislation of the the country.
The honest people are invited to alo
contemplation of the efect of such a
restoration.-Kansas City Times.
-It seems entirely proper that P
McKinley and Coxey should live in the
same congressional district. What we
can't understand is how the people
after electing McKinley defeated Cox. bl
ey.-St. Louis Republic.
th
-McKinley partisans should not lo'
Ihold against the Reed boom the fact __
that the man who opened Tom Reed's a
Chioago meeting with prayer hlaasi nce ks
run oe with anoththey i n r8$,- ck
Reasse 5tOy 'aweb
HOME HIN TS AND HELPS.
S -IKn Frosting: White of egg, and
as much water us egg. Stir together,
" but do not beat. Then stir in enough
1 pulverized sugar to make it spread
Is well.-housekeeper.
-Cabbage: Slice crisp cabbage tine.
cook in a sauce pan with a very little
water till tender. 1Watch it carefully
while it boils dry. Season with salt,
then moisten well with sour cream.
Serve hot.--Ohio Fauraner.
i -IButternut Balls: Clhop butt'ernut
nmeats very line, add a little of your
1 favorite spice. Make a frosting as if
,e for cake, thicken it with the chopped
n. uts till it can be handled. Hub the
o hands with a very little butter, roll the
It paste into little balls and put them on
buttered t ins allowing .space for.-pread
r. inu.-Orange Jludd Farmer.
l --To ('lean Leather: Castile soap In
is warm water, or a little soda in warmn
r- water. will remove grease. For car
a riage leather milk and water is good.
t- To remove ink-stains from leather use
' oxalic acid diluted. 'his acid is poi
' son, and must be used with care. In
( dilution it may be used one ounce of
a crystals to a pint of water.- Leeds M3cr
I cury.
-Orange Cake: Two cups of sugar,
r one-half cup of butter, three eggs, one
II half cup of sweet milk, one-half cup of
water. three teaspoons of baking pow
hder, three cups of flour. Flavor with I
orange. Filling: Two eggs. piece of
n butter the size 'f i. walnut. one cup of I
t sugar, juice of two oranges. Boil in a
f double boiler until thick enough to
spread between the layers. Frost the
top of the cake with frosting flavored t
with orange. -housekeeper.
--One of the most effective portieres
is a silk-rag c.urtain made of bits of
silk of all kinds and description. V-el
vets, satins, brocades and hiright bits
of every kind are iused to make it. They I
are sexwn tofgether anld cut of unifolm I
width. like the rags of a rag-carpet. t
Almost any weaver of rag carpet could 1
probably uweave such portieres. They u
have a very picturesque, oriental look. I
that is far Inure effective tlha any -
portiere that can be purchased any
where near the price.
--Cocoanut C'reanl c'andy-: tFour cup- I
fuls of granulated sugar, one e4ipful of
cream or milk, two cupfuls of shredded
cocoanut. one ieaspoonfuil of vanilla.
Put the sugar and milk i.lto a porce
lain-lined kettle; stir till dissolved and t
then let it boil five minutes without
stirring. Add the cocoanut and boil
one minute longer. Tlest by dIopp~g '
into cold water: if done. it wiLtLot mix I1
with the water. but will form a sioft
ball that can t-' taken out swithi thb 9
fingers. lourl at onuc into a bowl. add P
I the vanilla. unnd beat rapidly with i
I spoon for five minutates. or until it II
creamas. Ilave ready a buttered pan a
lined with iparafine paper. Drop somue t
of the cream iupon this paper: if it re- n
tains its form. it is creamed enough. Ci
Spread it an inch thick into the pan, t
and cut it. when cold. into scquares. --N. Li
Y. Observer. r.
-- ----. ---- it
TO BREAK CHILDREN OF LYING. i
A Kindergarten T'eanher S3ays Mothers
Are C'ontantlly Asking the 4uentlon.l P
"I amn constantly besiegcd by anx- Ir
ious mnothiers who want to know how -
children may be cured of tI he pernicious
habit of falsifying." says a prominent 1
Chicago kindergarten teacher. "One it
would thlnk that to lie must lie a na
tional evil. lThe invariable rejoinder I'
to the query- is that there are four It
kinds of lies to which youthful amen 1
and women are addicted. each nilady tU
requiring a different medicine. There en
is the lie of excessive imagination, he
cause of which tile child continually
exaggerates. The cure is inculcation
of exactness of observation. either by a
precept cr in play. The second in the ao
category is the egotistic lie, the medi- ti
cine for which is objective work t<
that tvill take thought from self. cl
Fear of punishment will also induce a sI
child to falsify, anti this third class rt
must be cured by sympathy. In all P1
such cases the child must. be shown thne a
justice of his punishment, and the last si
class of childish prevaricators includes f`
those addicted to the jealous lie. For bi
instance. a child amy say he has a cer- St
tain toy which he has not, simply be- ce
cause the boy across tile street has one. fr
The only possible cure for this class is a'
love." - sr
"What is the remedy for that type of ci
nervous American child of brainy par- P'
ents?" was asked. tI
"Such a child." wvas the replry. e
"should have physical contact with na- ot
ture-that is, plenty of out-of-doors ex
ercise. Indoors sunshine, a nu1rsery
with little furn iture, well-regulated in
hours for sleep. and amnusements of a
quiet kind are also conmmended.-Chi
cago Tributtne.
;esides rubber gloves for protecting h
the hands w'hile doing housework, cl
there are the pomade gloves which .
beauty dlons w'lhen she starts for al
dreamland. Over two centuries argo le
the art of preparing medicated gloves .
was known on the continent, and there
is an extensive manufacture of these
band coverings in Paris at the present
day. The gloves are of the softest kid. I,
and are treated with a pomade, which, it
when the gloves are w-orn, is trans- to
ferred to the hands, improving the a
texture of the skin to a great extent.
They are rather costly, these hand
beautifiers: to that the woman who
affords these glove luxuries must try
the effects of home-made affairs. A
loose pair of old kids, smeared with a
good cream and worp every night, will i
be almost as efectual in softening s
and improving the hands.-Philadel
phia Recor d. o
A Hels-hale Velsvet Brbl·h.
New manilla rope makes an admira- st
ble velvet brush. Double about a ro
yard and tie together in two knots vs
lhree inches apart. Ravel below the F
lowest knot in a thick fringe, which o
makes the brush. Tie a half yard ofi
new twisted twine through the upper of
knot, and a aarrow ribbo~ ,hrough Cr
that*--Phe10phs tPr et, 9
SCHOOL-' AND CHURCH.
nd --Chicago clergymen have formed a
cr, polygot club for the purpose of in.
igh structing lirospectlve missionaries in
ead the various foreign languages by means
of the phonograph.
ne. -Rev. Henry Lewis, missionary to
tie Japan, says thuat the government of
Ily that country has withdrawn all objec
lt, tion to the possession of the Bible by
in, the people, and the normal schools are
allowed to use it.
int -Johns Hopkins, founder of Johns
lur Hopkins university, was a Maryland
if Quaker. He died a bachelor in 1873 at
red the age of 79. leaving for the institu
lhc Lion 13.000.00). He was a director of
he tihe Baltimore & Ohio railroad.
on - It is reported that a townin Texas,
aEd- settled by infidels, fifteen miles south
east of Texarkana, was named Inger
In soll, after the infidel leader. Lately
run an evangelist went there and conduct
ar- ed a meeting. which, by God's blgas
ud. ing, resulted in two hundred and fif
iso teen professions of faith. The people
poi. proceede to change the name to El
In son, and they have voted out all the
of saloons.
cr- --The Countess Ersilia Coetani-Lova
telli, the first woman to be distinguish
ar, ed by a German university with the
se- degree of "Doctor Philosophiem Cauas.
of Ilonoris," an honor recently bestowed
w- upon her by the University of Halle.
tin belongs to one of the oldest and most
of famous of Italian noble families. From
of her childhood she met distinguished
a and learned nmen, and was herself an
to 'arnest student, and when she wasleft
lie a widow, in her early twenties, she
ed devoted herself to study. Science,
recha-ology and literature are all in
.Cs her province, and she is a hard worker
of as well as a brilliant writer.
el- -"Elqual pay for service" is the
its ,logaan of the women teachers in the
ey l'hiladelphia schools. Although the
-m Ihord of education allows $930 a year
Lt. to mein. graduates of the school of
Id pedagogy in the Central high school.
cv appointed to teach the eleventh and
.k. twel fth grades. a young woman grad
ny uated from the, normal school and
sy- school of practice is paid only $520 for
her tirst year. and after five years gets
Sbut .nS;70 in the eleventh grade and
of 2n in the twvelfth grade. After five
yed ar., of teChiing, therefore, the salary
a. of a wom n.teacher in the twelfth
,. grade is - eass than what a man
1t teacher w I be paid fresh from the
nt high selool. -
nil -In 1719 Rev. Peter Thatcher, of
Wg 1Veymouth. was called to be assistant
ix pastor of the New North church. Han
,ft over street. ioston. Some of the so
nie Cty were so mnuch opposed tolthe new
Icl preacher that they -vithdrew and
an .rected a new meeting-house near
it Richmond street, which for many years
in was known as the "Revenge Church."
le Lt is said that because Mr. Thatcher's
ename wa-s "Peter." the disaffected se
I. ceders had a weathercock made of cop
p, per, five feet in height, placed it above.
4, their church for a vane, the man who
did the work getting astride it, turn
ing its head toward 'Thatcher's church
j, and crowing lustily three times. In the
great gale of September 8. 1869, this
rs topper cockerel was blown from its
perch into the kitchen of a house be
Sloiw. The great rooster has since been
,- old-plated, and now surmounts Dr.
n, McKenzie's church in Cambridge.
nt Probably Weymouth is the only town
ie in Christendom that has had a clergy
. man who has been immortalized by
,,. having the enntity of ntsthetic Boston
11. laymen agailnst him. materialized in a
· belligerent ganme-cock, and placed on
v the top of a church steeple in the lit
· erary metropolis of a nation.
S I'te of the Sand-Blast.
n Castings, plates, forgings and other
v articles mnade from steel, iron or brass
e or cleaned in a few minutes' time by a
i- two-horse power sand-blast. From ten
k to tifteen minutes only are required to
F. cleun one pounds of castings from
a scale, molding-sand and all surface
.s roughness. An advantage of this
Ii process is that it clears irregularities
e and indentations as well as plain, flat
surfaces. The sand-blast is also used
s for cleaning th.li stonework of public
r buildings. It is suggested that the
same means might be employed in
cleaning paint, varnish and the like
from doors instead of tile old, tedious
,, and dangerous practice of burning the
surface. It could also be used for
,f cleaning furniture freom varnish pre
paratory to refinishing, an operation
that now consists in seraping and sand
papering. and is expensive and labori
ous.-N. Y. Ledger. .
Not a Safe Huntinlg ft.
A fellow dressed from top to toe all
in deerskin, with the hair on, outside,
was at (;reenville the other day, just
going inta thle Maine wood full of the
idelt that the animals wouldnat detect
his presence until he was close upon
them. "Why," said one of the old
Shunters, commenting on the man's
chances. "I wouldn't go intothe woods
wearing that suit for anything, With
r all the hunters watching to pht a bul-,
Slet intoapything that looks like adecr
without much pause for investigation
She will be a mighty lucky fellow if he
gets out alive, and he won'tget any
more deer by it either. The animalt.
trusts its nose more than 1t @yes, and
if one gets a sniff at him he won't stay
to see what there is in the funny deer- .*
Sskin. -Lewiston (Me.) Journal.
Incorrect Uses.
We lately took occasiout to .ritiaime
the writing of anyone or someoe as .
one word. It is sggeated to us- that. -
there are one or two other similar and
worse instances of the sa, sort. Thaus
we occasionally see oneslt Inateado* o
one's self, amnd this is apsrenti ty
common method of writing -the Wh
in England, and is, of cont5Oei t1 t .
creep into our English. Aaes
stance is whatever- is unsdai
rogative. This is a veI-j . .ri -
rvation, but frequently appearin
For example, "'Vhatever did
for?" There is certainly n0 at
for thus makig an in
of the relative pr"edt)
PSRdn - -.