Sand with
' a exquisaite
inkirt t
Sollars of V
gallkr· t in fact, the I
' sleaeves i dis. l
t fits at the shoul.
..stended effect being at- t
Siii bisho nodes of a
Snt. cI ,
Ilng. abndtiimes too long. i
-n ietitod t in'of the mouth of U
-ofad C '-o f a f l u t e , a n d w e
ehinage-et Lisee.
'areturof all the I
is, and otheralUments t
former years. The di
a Wine of Cardut on
astake it ihebestremedy
t Vsot Plains MYo.
bq thi ragfrom change I
+ |t k the ormi of dropsy. The
my husband it was - eless to
me any wiore. About that 1
J oDr.'c Lree'book on the treat.
ae disese and decided to try
 CaduiL Treatment. After n
t am well.?
onwill notice that I have you on t he
sil 'the boytp the kite. "Tes," an
t~.- ite. "'And that is what makest
aoheee ".4adiona.pois Journal.
Si aspaik i gi some men as all wool, prob
:bhi becausethey shrqnkl at nothing.-Bos
t ranscipt.
n' pJoplhnt to always carry around, but
- areon tompe with the nerve-destroying I
that tobacco -keeps at work night an
S--ou_ weak and impotent. Dul 1
- am oif htetest in sweet words and
y. Brace up-quit. No
 s T sure quick cure. Guaranteed
- where. Book, titled
,_. o BSpit or Smoke Your Life
Away," free. Ad. iterlfng Remedy Co.,
rEw York City or Chicago.
curous thing about my business,"
e hosLto aighting softly upon the
Sa:.- h" 'the sleeping victim, "is that it's
; t, ' " In to go to work than it is to stay to
-. a dg and Grow att~
do both, even if you are aslab
bw.e-begone dyspeptic, if you
-tiou, insure the conversion
- to rich and nourishing blood, and
S ,uerappetite and sleep by the systematic
lo-- p h great renovator of health,
stength and- flesh, Hostetter's Stomach
.-tters, which also emedies malarial, kid
., a ~" l'lrheumatio trouble, nervousness,
costlpation and biliousness.
xAsAlnz- "Where were you when the as
aplitoccurred!" asked the judge of the vic
i- -;Bure'n O'i dun' no't yer honor. He
e so hard O'i couldn't say."-Harper's
The Maost Pleasant Way
Ope ing the grippe, colds, headaches,
: tfev.werris to use the liqsid laxative rem
Sdy Syrip of Figs, whenver the system
- eds a gentle, yet effectiv. rleansing. To
ý e.. benefited one must get the true remedy
Sn manufactured by the Californda Fig Sr3Tup
*- a i-e r sale by all dru"gists'in oc.
,'DO' rou think that Blickens would de
sivee friend?" ..'Of course not. oeue of
his friends would believe a word he says."
,1 Washington Star.
'Pseo's Cols is a wonderful Cough medi
lune.-xQýas. W. PiCKEar. Van Siclen and
Blake-.,ves. Brooklyn, N. Y., Oct. *s, '94.
a; pyramids themselves, doting with
hve forgotten the umes of their
f6unders.-Fuller.
Rusutarzc pains are greatly relieved by
OBiPs Sulphur LSoap.
' al's air a lisker Dye, 50 cents.
R= - ISED VEitsioN.--whatsoevcr a man
.awey",that shall he also rip.-Yale lecord.
Summer -
Weakness
L s caused by thin weak impure
.... lood. To-have pure blood which
w'lr properly sustain your health
"- tsaid give nerve strength, take
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
..F gOreatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
--. ..KENNEDY'S
EIWCA _DISCOVERY.
SaDKENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
: ts.discovered in one of our common
ueweeds a remedy that cures every
- k of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
to a common Pimple.
- hastried it in over eleven hundred
 it - ef er vit except in two cases
t: ..... :, in ...:.- He has now in his
-esion r L~ - hundred certificates
t, :h, . -, thin twenty miles of
. fd -..s'al card for book.
zlcit ij ,I'wtys experienced from the
. - au a ferfect cureiswarranted
ethe right quantity is taken.
'When the lungs are affected it causes
rg ~pains, like needles passing
'Prb thiem;- the same with the Liver or
ows This Is caused by the ducts be
S todand always disappears in a
taking it. Read the label.
5 stomach is foul or bilious it will
~0j.siu~eamish feelings at first.
-t.'wliange of diet ever necessary. Eat
b-e-XtSyou can get, and enough of it:
Sone tablespoonful in water at bed
Sald by all Druggi ,ts.
__-i K Y UR:. , mUGOIST FOR .R
M
E BE BS-T T
4Ras.NFANTS,*
DREN
s- t ,or ..
;Pk:CBE 1~O~I
acj
-am
FESTIVE QOOBER. in
borne Gives some rests.iI the bt
S abjeet. p=
I see you ask for informatiQn gbout .T
the cultivation : ~AOr ru " m to
whether it is riht to cover the se
blooms. No; they bloom above ground
4rn a goober is~orr_ fihen y4
te n gtens until the tuber Is of
driven into the surface of the- grotund B
Stll I} do' not "know that coveilng
hurts them. I have had but little
actual :experience in "ober culture i
outside of the.Spanish goober, which
is a very prolific and hardy kind, be
ing no more trouble to cultivate than at
a cow pea, and extlremely errly. di
Ninety days is all thegtimenecedary m
to produce as many bushels of goober di
per acre and two tons of bay, equlg to a;
clover, on land too sandy for clover, a
and that would not produce over ti
thirty bushels of corn. And there is b
no stock I have evgr tried that does b
not prefer the goobers to corn or any Il
other hay. Now, when we consider t(
how cheaply they can be made and di
harvested, and how that even when all vi
goobers and vines are removed the u
land is improved and left in finest con-. d
dition for fall crops of any kind, is it
not strange they are not more exten- ra
sively cultivated, both north and south? t]
The time for planting and cultivation o
is about the same as for beans. They a
are harvested by pulling up the vines. h
All the goobers hang on to the vines d
and come up with them. They can be a
left to cure one day and then stacked V
as peavine hay; or the pulling up of the 11
vines can extend over two or three
weeks' time and they be cured in the tl
loft; or by placing alternate layers t.
of dry straw or hay they can tl
be cured' in the loft, and the straw or 1i
hay be somewhat improved by the p
vines; or the vines can be grazed
oft by cattle, and goobers rooted out t1
and eaten by hogs. I shall plant near- y
ly all of my little upland home in Span- c
ish goobers this spring, and plant the li
same land in the Tennessee Triumph h
potato in August. The vines and goo- ii
hers will be harvested -or our little
dairy, and-the potatoes.for the winter e
market in our little town, and for sale t
in the spring for seed. e
There is.nothing upon the globe that C
will make half as cheap or sweet gol- s
den butter during the winter as Span
ish goobers (feed vines with goobers c
on them), cotton seed, and yam (sweet) I
patatoes. And I can almost say the c
same of Spanish goobers and cotton n
seed alone. Our cows have been going I
dry before Christmas on common hay, f
meal and cotton seed. By substituting i
goober hay (with goobers on) for other c
hay, our cows kept up full flow of t
milk until calving time this spring,
and winter butter at the south always
commands double that of spring or
summer butter. I
Irish potatoes at the south are never
sold for less than $1 per bushel between
October and bMarch, and to-day are
selling at $2 and $2.25 per bushel. And I
there is no mistake but what we can
now make all the-potatoes at the south
the south needs, and of a most superior
quality, by planting in August seed
from the spring crop. The trouble has
been that we could not always succeed
in getting the tubers to sprout in Au
gust. This is now obviated by thor- 1
oughly preparing the land, planting
the Tennessee triumph, or fall potato,
and cutting the tubers instead of
planting the small ones whole, as
heretofore. There is surely a new era
dawning upon the south; this fall po
tato business, the cotton harvesting
machinery, dairying,nnd general sheep
and cattle raising on our six to nine
months' pasture. with waste products,
such as cotton, pea-vines, goobers,
crabgrass hay, etc.-Jeff 1Welborn, in
Farmers' Call.
PLANTING TREES.
Twenty Rules to be Observed to Insure
The following twenty rules are sel f
evident to most tree planters. who, for
want of attention, break some of them,
and reminders are therefore often use.
ful:
1. A valuable sort is worth more than
merely a hamlsome tree.
2. Good, healthy, bracing roots are
of more importance than a symmetric:al
top.
3. The roots should be long and
strong enough, an.I the top made light
enough, to obviate any staking.
4. If the roots of a tree are frozen,
and then thawed out of the ground or
in contact with the air, the tree will
be killed.
5. If frozen roots are thawed in com
pactly-pressed mellow earth, the tree
may bte made to live.
I. lManure slhohll never be placed in
contact with thle roots when setting
Sout the tree, but used for a mulch or
top-dressing."
S7- Trees'should always be set about
I as deep as they stood in the nursery,
or two or three inches deeper, to allow
for the settling of the earth.
8. Spread out the roots nearly equally
on all sides, so as to brace the tree
well.
9. Avoid particularly any small cav
I ity next to the roots, but fill compactly
against them on all sides with fine,
mellow earth.
10. 4 small, thrifty tree with copious
roots when set out will be a good bear
ing tree sooner than- a large one with
mutilated roots.
11. Watering in dry weather crists
the surface and does not reach the
roots.
12. Young trees should not be set in
a grass lot or among any crops of
sowed grain: but the whole surface
kept clean and mellow.
13. Shriveled trees, before planting,
may be mande plump by covering for
several days, compacity, with moist,
mellow earth.
14. If newly set ones suffer from
drought mulch the greund about
them, and frequently sprinkle of
shower the stems and branches.
15. The roots extend as far from the
tree as its entire height; clean and
mnellow cultivation should therefore
cover a circle twice as wide as its
height.
16. As a general rule cultivation
should be continued for six, eight or
ten years from planting, after which
closely grazed or lawn-mowed grass
maybe pernmitted with frequent top
dressing.
S17. The amount of manuring or top
dressing must vary with the vigor of
the tree: young trees should grow two
or three-feet yearly, and bearing ones
S.oune.foiot or ore~ - , . - .
.. .-lSie1 s!peF# to the t-lure shape
Sthe .r and ¢timely remove small,
godl!ess, gregeg a orooked urnt
j~d~ll~QFIIIPL O 600hd IEgC
l wa wiilrl Ob ae;huwe  pruning r.m '
after years. :. " - O pr.
19. Prnuingwhen dormant tends- to
impart 'igor, but if done when grow
if or '·inea-fti; olicecks growth, and
thereforfore feeble trees" ahduld never be
pruned after growth commences in the an
epring. -Bit healthy strong growers ri
may be.e lightly pruned at either sea- h
son. (.
"20. Most of the "'bad luck" with th
young trees and orchards is the result bh
of neglecting the preceding rules.- he
Southern Farm. at
FODDER CORN. ot
m
It esed to Fill a Silo it V.rtis tInereased iV
i'rollt to the Fanner. Ca
Fodder corn, either to be cut up and to
stored in a selo,:or to be cured and fed 1'
dry, has become a regular crop with t
many farmers. The latest conclusions
drawn from their practical experiencee ,
and from carefully-conducted experi- w
ments made at some of the. gricul- so
tural experiment stations, are that the s
best results can usually be obtained ni
by planting a good variety of common
field corn, drilling in rows from three he
to four feet apart, the grains being as
dropped about six inches apart, culti- h:
vating it thoroughly and cutting it af
up when the plant and ear are fully tt
developed and the grains are glazing. te
heretofore it has been generally L
recommended to plant for ensilage
the Iarge-growing southern varieties
of corn, on accouni of the very large
amount of fodder they produce. But it
has been demonstrated that the or* u
dinary varieties of dent corn are usu
ally as valuable, if not superior.
SWhile they may not produce much
more than half the bulk of fodder b
produced by the mammoth varieties, t
their nutritive value is much higher, d
they mature earlier in the season, and si
1 the labor of handling the crop is much
less, so that in the end they are justasl
profitable to raise. I
Let every farmer who has been a
thinking about building a silo, and is
yet undecided, go ahead and plant the E
crop intended for ensilage, and , cG
later on, he decides not build a silo, C
I he can use the crop to good advantage n
in the form of cured fodder corn.
s From the great and increasing inter .
r est manifested on the subject during L1
 the past few months it is reasonable to tl
estimate that the number of silos in the sa
t Ohio valley will be doubled the coming
season. t
The silo means a decided change in p
8 our present system of agriculture. It i
means more live stock on the farm, and
e cheaper meat and dairy products. It
a means a less acreage of grain, but a l
higher yield per acre from increased
fertility of the soil. It means increased
f profits to the farm by lowering the cost
r of production. The silo is a good
f mortgage lifter. -Southern Farm.
A VItal Questlon.
ITow to get most profit from our im
mense crop of corn is now a vital ques
tion with Texas farmers. No matter
n how high the price may be, selling it
e straight will not give the greatest
d profit. The man who buys it must
n have a profit also. He divides the profit
h with the farmer, but not in the middle.
The farmer in the transaction will get
d the smaller pile every time. To get the
most profit from a crop it must be all
utilized-the fodder and the husks, as
well as the grain. If, in addition to
the farmer's profit in producing the
crop lie can arid the feeder's profit, he
will be going at it right. To do this
lie must buy cattle or hogs if lie has
is neglected to raise them, or if he
has not raised enough, let hutn
buy a steer or two, or enough to make
a car load; or the same with hogs. Ilut
in doing this he must exercise judg
ment. Some steers and some hogs are
not worth buying. Get stock that will
know what to do with food when they
n get it-that can cat it at a profit. No
man can feed cattle or hogs as profita
bly is the farmer who grows the feed,
because there is the pasture that would
otherwise be wasted, and there are
re odds and ends that may be consumed
at home that could not be sold. When
f- farmers turn their attention to the con
)r sumption as well as the production of
n, stock food, they will begin to reap the
y" legitimate profits of their business. -
Farm and Ranch.
SKeep Dtuckling. Drr.
It is claimed that the Pekin duck
re will thrive well without ponds. It is
al true that the ducklings can be more
easily raised away from ponds oz
id streams than when allowed to have
it access thereto, but this due to the fact
that most of the dncklings are hatched
n> with incubators during the winter sea,
Or son, when the cold waters of the pond
ill would chill them and cause loss
Young ducks will thrive better if they
n- are kept a-nay from the ponds until
ee they are well feathered: but despite
all claims in favor of the Pekin duck
in as being adapted to dry locations, my
ag experience is that the adult ducks are
or more contented when they have a
pond. Like all aquatic birds, they en
nt joy the water, and they will thrive on
, on an open field away from water (ex
iw cept for driulnking), yet they give the
best results when they have the privi
ly leges of a pond.--Farm and Firesrde.
ee HERE AND THERE.
v- -T'he summer pig, if well cared for,
ly will prove a profitable ally of the sum
Ie, mer dairy.
-To remove warts e horses take
us muriate of ammonia 2 drachms, pow
Ir- dered savin 1 ounce, freshlard 11
th ounces-mix well and apply dasity.
-A good sprayer is very iseful
its about a poultry house. By its use dis
he infectants and insecticides can be more
thoroughly and economically used
in than in any other way.
of -Gray horses are the longest lived,
cc and roans come next in order. Creamna
have not mnuch staying power and sue
g, cumb quickly in very hot weather.
or -The great secret in fancy butter
tt, making, says a dairy writer, is a
studied purpose to keep all foreign
m substances and flavors out of the milk,
ut cream and butter, and have only orig
of inal material from start to finish, aqd
fancy butter results.
he -Mrs. Robert Garrett, of Baltimore,
nd has just completed a poultry house
re costing $10,000. It is 250 feet iong, and
its has three towers, one of each is ele
gantly fitted up for the accommodation
on of the poultry keeper. Some people
or have a great deal more money than
ch anything else.
.ss -Goslings should be separated from
p- the mother when four or five days old,
and placed in a roomy coop, and fed
Wp- with bread crutmbs and milk and
of wheat bran wet with milk. Give them
vo also plenty green food from th# lawn
es or garden. In six weeks they will
feather out and may then be given
pe ree range. and frtee swImming, if
1l, pond or reek Is haadyi it not, a Itub a
Bt Wouh wtIl asIw tLe perpea
1 i 1 PIoet fomo 1 mltsel tE
(r'om thse oyv, Or. T., Sita.) "
R. W'. Edwards, of Lansiagbr.,' ofs
prostrated by sntttolt e ait jii the atr,
and it - has entailed On hia peenllat arfid as
rious consequoancs. At s resent) Writing
Mr. E. is a promidhent officer of" pdskt Lyon, ma
1. A. IL, Cohoesanda past aidede camp on. ws
the staff of the commandde-ind-cief of Al- at
bany Co. In tile liitervie With a reportet,
he said the
"I was wounded and sent to the hospital
at Winchester. They sent me together with a'
others to Washington-a ride of about 100 an
miles. Having no room in the box cars we "
were placed -face up on the bottom of flat
cars. The stin beat dowil tlpot ou tiunpro- th
tecteted heads. Weni I readhod tVashingtoii a
I was insensible and Wtas ttnidonsciou for th
ten days while in the hospital - Ati abscess t
gathered in my oar and broke; It has been
gathering and breaking ever since. The
result of this 100-mile ride and sunstroke
was heart disease, nervous prostration, in- Ci
somnia and rheumatism. A completely in
shattered system which ghve me no rest lie
night or day. As a last resor',1 took some ie
Pink Pills and they helpedine toa wonder- di
ful degree. My rheumatism is gone, my
heart failure, dyspepsia and oonstiipatics
are about gone, and the abscess in my ear Cl
has stopped discharging and my head feels in
as clear as a bell when before it felt as hi
though it would burst, and my once shat da
tered nervous.system is now nearly sound. in
Look at those fingers," Mr. Edwards said, hn
"do they look as if there was any rheuma
..sm there?" He moved his fingers rapidly cc
and freely and strode about the room like a it'
young bay. "A year ago those fingers were
gnarled at the joints andso stiff that Icould in
not hold a pen. My knees would swell up,
and I could not stranighten my leg out. My -
joints would squeak when I moved them. ri
That is the living truth. OT
"When I came to think thatl was going to p
be crippled with rheumatism, together with A
the rest of my ailments, I tell you lire
seemed not worth living. I suffered from ul
desjiondenoy. I cannot begin to tell you " ei
said r. Edwards, as he drew a ong breath, 5
"what my feeling is at preacnt. 1 think if
you lifted ten years right off my life and
left me prime and vigorous at forty-seven, s
Icould feel no better. I was an old man ti
and could only drag myself painfully albout
the house. l4ow I can wall off without any fi
trouble. That in itself." continued Mr. Ii
Edwards, "would be sufficient to give me is
cause for rejoicing, but when you come to sl
consider that I am no longer what you
might call nervous and that my heart is ap- ft
parently nearly healthy, and that I can s
sleep nights, ynou may reafize why I may ap- n.
pear to speak in extravagant praise of )Pink
Pills. These pills quiet my nerves, tike ih
that awful pressure from my head, and at w
the same time enrich my blood. There
seemed to be no circulation in my lower
limbs a year ago, my legs being cold and B
clammy at times. Now the circulation p
tihereis as full and as brisk as at any other n,
Spart of my body. I used to be so light
headed and dizzy from my nervous dis- en
order that I frequently fell while crossing ti
the floor of my house. Sprinr is coming A
and I never felt better in my life, and I cm r<
r looking forward to a busy season of work."
What Distinguished Him. ' li
Miss Castique-So you are engaged tc a
that Mr. Atkinson, are you not? Now, ii
tell me honestly, what can you see in in
him that distinguishes him from all the is
other men in the world whom you have -s
ever met? si
Miss Pasee (with unlooked-for frank- p
r ness)-He asked me to be his wife.
t Tit-IBits. b
Easily Accomplished.
Mtrs. Sunklands (an Arkansaw mas
tron)-I hear tell that Jim Clayetab h
tsays he's goin' to move his fam:ly back
to Gawgy as soon as he kin settle up his c
affairs.
DMr. Sunklands-Settle up his affairs'
D Why, Lawd I All in the world he's got K
to do is to po' a gourdful of water on the "
fire and call the dawgs.-Puck. e
What the Fad W11 Come To.
Jane-If you please, ma'am, as it's my h
e night out would you mind lending me c
a your bicycle? p
e Mistress-Oh, certainly, Jane, take it s
t by all means. And if you look in my h
wardrobe you'll find a peair of last sea
e son's knickerbockers, which you may
11 have if you like.-Boston Home Jour
9 nal
The Cannibal's Quspdr.y.
"I don't know what to do with that t
d chappie we got out of the last ship
., wreck," said the chief to the cannibal
d king.
n "What's the matter?"
r_ "If we take his cigarettes away from
4 him he'll pine away and get thin."
"Let him keep them." i
"Then we'll spoil the flavor of the
stew."-Washington Star.
The Trustfulness of Love.
i "You know, dear," said Miss Dolyers, I
is frankly, to her accepted suitor, "you
'e know we get none of papa's money
I while he lives."
"I quite understand that, my precious
t pet," replied the young man, with the t
d light of love in his eyes. "We will in- t
>' vite him to live with us, put a folding i
d bed in his room, and hone for the best.' 1
Y Something to ne Proud Of.
1 "This box isn't the regular size," said
a the woman who had purchased some
k strawberries.
9 "That box, ma'am," replied the
e vender impressively, "is the achieve
ment of statesmanship."
"What do you mean?"
"It's a compromise measure."-Chi
Scago Mail.
Incompatible.
"You want a divorce from your wife,
do you?"
"Yes, sir, I do."
"What grounds?"
"Incompatibility. She and the cook
- are quarreling continually."-Detroit
Tribune.
.The Coming Pop.
S Winebiddle-There is one reform the
emancipated woman will insist upon
LI when she gets into power.
s- Callowhill--Name it
e Winebiddle-She will make every
d year a leap-year.-Judge.
SA Scientifle Answer.
a. An intelligent boy in tise national
Sschool of a large and popular town in
Lancashire on being examined, among
. others, by the eommissioner,was asked:
S"Do you know any of the effects of heat
Sand cold?"
S "Yes, sir; heat expands and cold con
tracts'5.
t "Good, my boy-you have answered
well; now an example."
"Why, sir, the days in midsummer
are the longest and in winter the
d ahortestl"-Once a Week.
Love on the Bike.
le e sgihed: "Give me my answer now."
Sne said: "Kilnd sir. my heart is mina"
But when she spied that brindle cow
With arum~pled horn and horrid low
m She gaspeod: "Dear Geoorge, Im thlnel"
-Judgs.
ad Would Take lo hOamees.
" "'Shall I return his presents?"
:No. He might be mean enough te
n moeept them."-Life.
Right YoT A..
Glass houses are usually held to
o, gth*r by the Mo4e9 1o eO*'Se 9W9 q
-Tennyson's mother- was always re
garded by him asa apodel lforall other
mothers.- l Eonoe said: "The training
of a child ias:wion&tn'im doneo."( '
--Capt. William Penn Stedman, who
is emplo~yc L it the agriaeitttral depart
ment at Washington, asserts that he
was the eatl captor of Jefferson Dbavi
at Irwistrlle, Ga. .May 10,: 186l.
-George liot's portrait represents
her as having e semiLrk1abl nutiprepos
sessing face, withl heavy nose iand ehil,
and thick, badly-shltped. lips. She
would be pronounced positively ugi.y. t
-John Chrysostom often spoke of
the tenderness of his mother, and quite or
as often of her beauty. Iie believed L
that the eloquence which gave him so
wide a reputation was inherited from of
her.
-Catharine of Braganza, queen if
Charles II.. ns singularly gifted, both b
in person and intellect, but in spite of
her beauty and her good sense, he n
was never able to win the love of her
dissolute husband.
--lyron Sturterant, a grocer of Port a
Clyde, Me., is said to be the most oblig
ing man in Maine. Recently one of b
his neighbors wanted his horse for the 1
day. Mlr. Sturtevant needed the horse
in his delivery wagon, so he let him u
have the horse, and wheeled his gro
ceries about town on a wheelbarrow,
going in some cases as much as a mile. n
--Gen. Sam 1Irowne, as he is famil
tally known, is one of the few me'
who took a prominent part in the stir
ring events in the earl.y history of Col
orado, He was born May 12, 1822. in
Pennsylvania. near the battlefield of t
Antietam. While a captain in tbh reg
ular army he resigned and was appoint
ed assistant registrar of the United
States treasury.
-Victorien Sardon, the French play
wright, was on the verge of starva- i:
tion, actual death staring him in the I
face, when lie made his first success.
His recovery was due to the lady who
is now his wife. lie lay in a garret, -
slowly waisting away with typhoid
fever, when a poor actress living in the
same building took pity upon him,
nursed him back tolife, and afterward
introduced him to the theaterical
world.
-When Will Allen Dromgoole, the
southern novelist, applied for the
place of engrossing clerk in the Ten
nessee house of representatives sev
eral years ago she signed her applica
tion to a member of the house: "Vill t
Allen Dromgoole." The answer she
received ran as follows: "Dear lill- 7
I got your letter all right and would
like the best in the world to give you
a job, but l'1 be d--J if I vote for any
tman while there are so many deserv
3 ing and charming young women look
Sing for a position of the kind." The
e woman took the hint, set the repre
sentative right and received the up
poin' meat.
-Mrs. Julia WVard Howe, of Boston,
by turns abolitionist, woman suffrag
ist. patriotic poet, prose writer and
philanthropist, is, perhaps, mnost prom
b inently regardecd by the women of
America as the stanchh.e.i ..-rt of an ad
vocate of the formation of women's
clubs. "I think these clubs have ac
complished a vast amount of good," 1
she said recently. "Tlhey have had a
wonderful educational value in broad
b ening and quickening the opportuni
ties of women to gait knowledge.
l'ersons unfamiliar with the inside
y history of clubs whose melnbershlip is
a exclusively feminine would be sur
prised to learn the number of good,
t serious ideas that one usually gains
y by an afternoon's attendance on them."
y HUMOROUS.
-It is all right to dot your i's, hut
the wise man will go a long distance
out of his way to escape crossing a pink
tea.
--"Yass," said Cholly; "the guvnah
gives me money to burn, but I don't do
it. y' know. Going to the races is
quickah."-N. Y. Recorder.
-Stout Lady (at street crossing, to
policemnan)-"Could you see me across
the streetl, officer?" Policeman-"Sure,
Sman'amn, 1 could see ye tin times the dis
tance, aisy."-'Tit-Bits.
-Fa:ther--"What do you mean, sir,
,, by hugging my daughter?" Jack Ford
u -"I was merely obeying the Biblical
y :njunction to 'hold fast that which is
good. '"--Iarlem Life.
s -She (on her voyage)--"What is
e that place down there?" lHe-"Why,
i- that is the steerage." She-"And does
g it take all those people to make the
't boat go straight?"--Boston Traveller.
-Why does the poet look so sad?
WhVby is his life a wreck?
d e always gets his poems back.
And never rets a check.
is -Somerville Journal.
-Freddy (five years old)-"'loys
keep away from me." Chorus-"Why.
vwhat's the matter?" Freddy--"The
teacher said I was sharp to-dclay, and
-you mJight get cut."--lHarper'k Round
Table.
--Tommy--"'May I have some bread
andti sugar, mamma?" Mamma-"LVhy
n, do you always want bread and sugar,
and never bread and butter?" Tommy
-"Because, mamma, sugar's only
worth five cents a pound, and butter's
k about forty."--lIarper's Bazar.
it -Jack had been to the barber shop
with his father. On the way back he
asked, "Was that charlotte russe he
Sput on your face?" "N'o, my son," was
tmhe reply. "That was lather." "Oh!"
said Jlack. "I wondered why you let
him whittle it off without tasting it"
--A Portuguese artificer who was
suspected of free-thinking was at the
point of death. A Jesuit who came in
to confess him, holding a crucifix be
1 fore his eyes, said: "liehlold the God
In whilm you have so offended. Do you
ig recollect him now?" "Alas! yes,
f: father," replied the dying man; "it was
at I wlho made him."-Argonaut.
--One of thile city's bright lawyers
a- said a clever thing the other day. lie
was seated with a group of friends
d and one of the parties present persisted
in mnonopolizing more than hlis share
or of the conversation. As the men sep
a rated one of them said to the lawyer:
"That-- knows a great deal,doesn't
hie?" "Yes," replied thile lawyer; "he
knows entirely to much for one man;
he outrghit to be incorporated."-Chicagi.
Mail.
--"Maudy," said Farmer Corntossel,
as he set down a bucket of spring wa
ter and leaned against the doorpost,
"ain't the Goddess of Liberty a fe
male?" "'Course." "Ain'tQueen Vic
toria a lady?" "Certainly." "Ain't
all our ships called she?" "Jnvaria
bly." "Ain't the statoo of freedomn in
the feminine gender?" "It is." "\Well,
what do 'you 'inanctapated women
Swant, pnylmow--the earth?" --Credit
ELeak
A U .W 3L PU D R I. I~Y *
law -
All
ALiigtIA--" tdo wis it were not the Cue.
tom to wear the engagement rlnj Only on
the third finger of one's leftblald.' Alethee
-"So do I. 1 can't get more than half fai
engagement rings oh at one time, noW,"-
Life, ._
oIr. are born with two eyes, but with
one tongue, in order that they should see
twice as much as thes say.-C-olton. i
Ir you would shine in the world, be a I
bootblack.
WVIIAT is there that is illustrious that is
not also attended by labort-Cicero.
TlE success of a church-choir singer is
after all, a matter of chants.
"Di you go to church yesterday?" "No,
but I did the same thing. I took a nap."
Life.
A LOVIrso heart incloscs 'within itself an
unfailing anud eterual Eden.-Richter.
A MEDICAL writer says children need
more wraps than adults. They generally
get more.
IF you want to learn just where a man
stands, follow him into a crowded street
car.-Texas Siftings.
"I CONC.LUDo that's a fly," said a young
'trout. "'You are right, my dear," saidd its
mother, "but never jump at conclusions."
--Uouschold Words.
Clucrts men turn everything to their own
advantage-even a handspring.
InIRTT is a Irinciple; its community is
its security-exclusiveness is its doom.
IKossuth.
A Ncun St. Louis girl is about to marry an
Indian. Fortune seems to favor the bravo.
-Texas Siftings.
IIn:-''I've a good mind to kiss you." She
-"-You'd better mind what you're about."
-Boston Transcript.
LITERAIY men are a good deal like hens.
The author -lays a plot and then the editor
sits on it.-Texas Siftings.
Ir Solomon lived in these days the bri'ht
young men would ridicule him unmerciful
ly. -Atchison Globe.
Wort-L.I they could sell us experience,
though at diamond prices, but then no o.e
would use the article second-hand.--Bal
anc.
LEAVES ITS IIARK
--every one of the painful irregularities
and weaknesses that prey upon women.
They fade the face, waste the figure, ruin
the temper, wither you up, make you old
before your time.
Get well: That's the way to look well.
Cure the disorders and ailments that beset
you, with Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip
tion.
It regulates and promotes all the womanly
functions, inproves digestion, enriches the
blood, dispels aches and pains, melancholy
and nervousness, brings refreshing sleep,
and restores health and strength.
USE NO SOAP
with Pearline. 'Twould be absurd. It
isn't necessary. Pearline contains every
thing of a soapy nature that's needed or that's
r good to go with it. And Pearline is so much
better than soap that it has the work all done
r- before the soap begins to take any part.
You're simply throwing away money. It's a
1' clear waste of soap-and soap may be good for
- something though it isn't much use in wash
ing and cleaning, when Pearline's around. sr9
Rua A Due Lump.
TNRII  SAiATTHMET5Ia
ALL USUNQ CLAIRETTE UOAR,
MILLIONS DTHfESAMa.
Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY,
r'. LOrIs.
I a UEU2LD BEED rBLACKBERRY ELIXIR
DYSENTERY Diarrhea, CHIOLERA Infantum,
and all Summer Bowel Troubles.
DOCToRs aWo PATIWSTSS RAzalU PRlrsn IT.
DR. C. w. ADKINS. of LANaOsTr. ALA.. may I u.e DUNOcaN'S BLACBESReI
ELIXI R in my pracine. with very .atsifaotory reault=."
WENE MANUACTUBRZnG CO.., Proprietors, - NArSH zILLE, TNuN.
Exhausted Soils
are made to produce larger and better crops by the
use of Fertilizers rich in Potash.
Write for our "* Farmers' Guide." a 142;page illustrated book. It
is 'brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address,
oGrMAN SAUt WoaRIw , ga Names Snuet. eNaw Ya;
DAal iumlanl maideon, IawoiL say
The nicess way to woo
This season l5 to swing all day;:
In a hamlnmok built for two.
S-Judg.e.
'"Tes, about tender-heartod chUnidr'."
said Anita Post, rocking reflectively in' ha'
chair "I nevr saw any.body to equal .th_
M-rsall boys. yu couldn't ask either of
'em to fetch in a pail of water, nut he'd
burst right out crying."
sare Eyes Cared.
Jaekson's Indian Eye Salve never fais t
do tkis; Me at all drug stores.
"WU'I tust.precede baptism " asked the
rector whe" catechising the Sunday-school.
"A baby," oxclhllSd a bright boy, with the
air of one stating a self-evideat truth.-E-.
IN nine cases out of toe? thle man who has
riches paid too much for them.-Rtam'n
Born.
Hal's Catarrs Care
Is aOonstitutional Care. Price 75c.
Tna language of flowers--, 6, $, -, .
Puck.
SCROFULA
Miss Della Stvens, Of ]lesns.1
writes: I hue alwas susered from
bereditary Serofula. or which I tried
various remedies, and many reliable
Physilins, but none relieved me. After
LallngbS bottles of
I am now well. I
Em very gratefal
to yoe. as I feels s
that it saved me
from a life of Un
told agony, ande
shall take pleasure in pekI n ol
swords of p rise for the wonderful mea
icine, sand in recommending it to il.
Blood and Skin
Diseases mailed
fee to asny ad-C
SWIFT P FIC CO.. Atlmat. Gae.
WALL AND
MSOONEY'S SCHOOL
FITS BOYS FOR UNIVERSITY OR FOR LIFE.
PUPILS ENTER VANDERBILT on CERTIFICATE.
Addmress . n. UIONOEW.
AGE N TS'A"IE-1-8dl@* rtfArrrd -
A E T ,er iey ton n the United State to
SPICES, ETC. S,.dy e..TEAS,COFFEES,
S mlde by gaOd worker.. lepat'eeat X.
NaULnal 'holesale Supply Co.. M2aS. .ln tt. LsoUiS
s STICK BLUE .553 Savl hel
.-.BEST Troub"er,. 1 0,
8o GIVES 'tbhst clearsess" to eour clothes. 4
FREE SAl'pL SE"L CURE  r Piles to ads ad
dIms ItlDKU asDICIns CeUIPA\l, nAra of . i.
A. N. K., O 1563
WUUEN WRITIWQ T O ADVERTIITIIN I·I U
.tale that You saw the AdvdrtsCm1Hui t LIeo
essay