-iTHE GAZETTE. "w
ubecri5tioa Price, rr Per Year Dr
Loui Tappistier, of Carencro, was in
Lafayette Saturday on business.
Miss Emma Mouton returned days
home Tuesday from Duchamp
where she was visiting Miss Heloise Re
Olivier. L. L
Send your watches, clocks and ing
jewelry for repairs by mail or ex- stoc
press to Biossat, the reliable Watch- judge
maker and jeweler. objet
trade
Hon. Ambrose Mouton, of Lake
Arthur, was in Lafayette this week Id
visiting relatives. Dr.
Sewing machines sold on monthly he w
payments at Biossat's jewelry Lafa
store.
A.
Rev. J. W. Griffes will hold ser- lous
vices at the Presbyterian church
Sunday at the usual hours. tngt
Cards are out announcing the
marriage of our fellow-townsman, J. V
Joseph Harnen to Miss Josephine ing
Ridge. The marriage will take Bot
place at St. Francois Xavier's this
church, in Alexandria, the home of to t
Miss Ridge. Bol
Mr. and Mrs. H. Jagou went to sar
Berwick City Tuesday to visit Mrs. the
Jajou's mother. eage
Pocket knives and scissors at that
Biossat's jewelry store. mui
Miss Emeranthe Domengeaux, our
an accomplished young lady from for
Breaux Bridge, was on a visit to in t
friends in Lafayette this week. Bol
Jos. Plonsky, agent, has just received
from one of the largest neck-wear mann- this
facturies in the East an immense and well- the
selected assortment of scarfs, four-in-hands, Del
and bows. All in the latest styles and
colors. Also a full line of dry goods and yar
notions, gents', ladies' and children's shoes, u
clothing, hats and gent's furnishing goods. coli,
n 14- One
Fine razors at Biossat's jewelry iCn
stole. To
Base Ball.
The Pilette Union club and the plir
Royville Invincibles played a very offe
interesting game of ball at Royville son
last Sunday. The score stood xt
to zo in favor of the Pilette boys. tor
If you want to enjoy comfort at of 1
small cost, keep flies and mosqui- the
toes out by getting door and
window screens from Moss & Mou
ton. the
Mr. England, representing the Mr
New Orleans Brewing Association, sl
was in Lafayette this week. He
was the guest of Mr. J. Rene Bon
net, the association's local agent the
here. ens
Our townsman, B. Falk, one of the most Th
prominent merchants of our town, had a ?
jersey cow very sick. Gave it Dr. Sylves- the
tcr's Specific and it was relieved in the poi
space of half an hour. Sold by D. V. bin
(;ardebled. n 4. .a.
as
Louis Gary, of Broussard, was in
town this week, being a member of poi
the grand jury. We acknowlege a bee
pleasant call from Mr. Gary. I
Baglcy's Case. be;
The case of Martin Bagley, by
charged with murder committed in
Vermilion parish, has been fixed to La
appear here next Thursday. Mr.
Bagley was in Lafayette Tuesday li
and returned to Abbeville the next Sk
day. ma
Cash paid for old gold at Bios- gi
sat's jewelry store.
Dr. Sylvester's Specific for bots, colic
and tympanities in htor-es and mules is the
best remedy that medical science has ever
discovered. For sale by D. V. Gardebled,
druggist. n 14. G
Mrs. Jules J. Mouton and daugh- dt
ter, Miss Heloise, of Duchamp E
were in Lafayette this week. They F!
were the guests of Mrs. Eraste Mou- nc
ton.
Excursion to Lake Charles. h,
Hope Hook and Ladder Co. No.
x, of Franklin, will give an excur- i
sion on Sunday April 2x, from
Morgan City to Lake Charles. e
The following are the schedule and
fare:
FARE LEAVES
Duchamp............x. 1o .. ..... :29
Broussard............ 1.5o .. ....8:39 d
Lafayette ........... I.oo ............9:o07 S
Scott.......... .. .x.oo ............ 9:17
Duson...............oo .......9:29 f
Rayne.............. x.oo ........9:39 h
Returning, the train will leave Lake
Charles at 6 p. m.
If you want to carry the correct
time, have T. M. Biossat to repair
your watch.
Dr. Sylvesters Miss Josie Liniment (
for horses and mules is the best. Cures
swellings, ulcers, ringbone, spavin.
Last Wednesday night Gaston r
Veazey discovered a burglar in the t
attempt to effect an entrance into K
his father's home. He secured a
gun and fired at the would-be bur
glar who escaped unknown. t
Remember the ball on the noth instant.
Judge L. H. Mouton, of St. Martinville.
was here this week attending to some legal
business.
Our itinerant friend, Emile Babin, of
Brreaux Bridge, was in Lafayette Saturday
and tound time to pay The Gazette a visit.
Attention is called to the fine picture of a
horse as an advertisement of Dr. Sylvester's
,elebrated stock remedies. One would
imagine to see the real animal. n 14.
Miss Virgie Younger left Sunday for
Avoyelles perish to attend the marriage of
S he s'istet, Miss Anglastine to Bea F. Gall,
Alex Foarnet, of St. Martinv ille, was in
town Monday.
Dr. Sylvester's Condition Powder a sire c
preventive for charbon and glanders.
Sold by D. V. Gardebled. na 4*
P. A. Chiasson was in Lafayette Wednes- late
day and during the day called on The Go Sati
zette.
.whi
head the advertisement in this paper of
L. Levy & Son. These gentlemen are offer
ing to sell clothing at prices which will com- On I
pare with those of any large city. Their war
stock this season is as usual selected with of t
judgment and good taste and with the sole reat
object to please their always increasing
trade. prei
ling
It was our pleasure this week to meet Dr.
Fred Mayer, of the Quarantine Station. YOU
Dr. Mayer is the same genial fellow that cro'
he was when he made the welkin ring in Laf
Lafayette parish in the cause. of Democracy of t
during the troublous times of '92. the
A. Leblapc and Mr. Landau, of Ope- and
lousas, were in Lafayette this week adver- whi
tising the excursion on May 12 from Wash- in t
ington to Lake Charles. thi
Always In Time. dre;
When the authorities were search
ing high and low for the negro,
Bob Rogers, without finding any
thing that might give a clue leading the
to the discovery of the ubiquitous put
Bob's whereabouts, Sheriff Brous- In
sard was quietly but intelligently at vete,
work on the case. After obtaining La.,
the necessary information the day,
eagle-eyed officer made the promise gani
that ere the sitting of the court the gene
much-wanted negro would be lan- the
guishing behind the iron bars of lowi
our parish prison. And so it was, Buc
for Sunday night the sheriff arrived D A
in town having in custody the said jutat
Bob who was found somewhere in Ist l
Lafourche parish. It is said that Infa
this negro took a leading part in Miss
the robberies committed at P. bon
Demanade's store and the railroad mas
yards. cola
Use Dr. Sylvester's Specific for bots, try,
colic and tympanites in horses and mules. Infa
Once trie.l you will have no .,ther. The T
very best testimonials furnished on applica- C
tion at Gardebled's. n 14.
Lou
To Protect Game and Poultry. fans
Gen. F. F. Mylts is to be com- If.
plimented upon his generosity in fani
offering to pay a bounty to the per- fani
sons killing a stated number of rap- ia
torial birds and animals. This step sip
is taken by the general with a view Inf;
of protecting poultry and game from Cal
the ravages of the birds and beasts If;
whose deadly work has been the Ifan
Inf
cause of much annoyance among Inf
the poultry and game in this parish. fan
Mr. Myles, liberal offer gives a lie,
splendid opportunity to our crack- Inf
shots to make a few dollars and at ca
the same time hell) to destroy these thi
enemies of birds and chickens. t112
tiThe following is Mr. Myles' offer: Fri
a The uinlersigned will pay $5o bounty to gal
the persons making the high-st n-ta-'r of hat
epoints by killing predatory animals and
birds of lpruv in the parish of Lafayette, crc
I.a., bef :.- the 1st day of January, x896, wit
as follow ,: t viv
$25 to the ione making greatest number of Ima
Spoints. the
Sn15 to theone nmaking next greatest num
ber of punts. the
$1o to the one making next greatest num
ber of points. du
Value of different heads are to be counted ch.
by point;, as fellows.
POINTS POINrs
o Large awk .........15 Wild cat .........15 th
Small hawk .....1....5 Coon............... ..... 5 of
Owl ................... .15 Opossum ......... 5 ith
Y Mink .................... 5 W easel... .......15
:t Sku k .......... .. 15 Fox.................. . 15
Heads of birds of prey and scalps of ani- th
mals to be delivered to Winm. Clegg who will ch
5- give receipt for points, no bounty to be paid
for less than five hundred points.
F. F. MYLES.
ic
Se Necrological.
td, is the painful duty of The n
Gazette this week to announce theso
- death of Mrs. R. C. Greig, born ca
p Eliza Jamieson, aged 40 years.
tY For some time past Mrs. Greig has
not been enjoying the best of health,
but no fatal results were appre
hended until last Saturday evening
* when she was stricken with paraly
r- sis. She lingered on, gradually
m getting worse, until WVednesday
s. evening at twenty minutes past
d seven she breathed her last.
Mrs. Greig was truly a good wo- 1
man and well illustrated in her
daily life the virtues of a Christian.
She will be sorrowed for a host. of C
friends who have loved her for i
her sweet disposition and kindly
ways. She was a most devoted d
wife and in every way was a com
ct forter and help-mate to her hus
air band. The Gazette extends the
most sincere sympathy to Prof.
ant Greig.
Cure for Hadach.
As a remedy for all forms of Headache
o Electric Bitters has proved to be the very
he best. It effects a permanent cure and the
to most dreaded habitual sick headaches yield
to its influence. We urge all who are afflict
ed to procure a bottle, and give this remedy
ur-a fair trial. In cases of habitual constipa
tion Electric Bitters cures by giving the
needed tone to the bowls, and few cases
. long resist the use of this medicine. Try it
once. Large bottles only Fifty cents at
lle, Wm. Clegg's Drug Store.
Attention is called to the New Orleans
Daily States Cigar, named after that great
of newspaper, the Daily States of New Or
leans. They are being sold in large quanti
l ties throughot this section. n 14.
'isit.
Dr. Sylvester's Specific for bots, colic
of a and tympalnites in horses and mules has no
ar's equal. T. P. Caillouet had a horse with a
od most severe case of colic. He cured with
SDr. Sylvester's Specific. He would not be
without the medicine. Ask him about it
for and be convinced. For sale by D. V.
Sof Gardebled. n x4.
THE VETERANS club
in a
fHold a Meeting and Organize a At
Casm to Join the Ue . C. V's.
folde
A number of the survivors of the ticia:
late war met at the court-house last ''
Saturday in answer to the call pard
which had been published. Among as re
those present were men who fought hors
on the bloodiest battles of the civil Schu
war. Though upon the youngest Sera
of them the hand of time has al- A
ready begun to. show its im- der
press by a liberal sprink- and
ling of gray, they were all
young in heart, for a more genial A
crowd of men never assembled in at
Lafayette. Only a small number Lot
of those brave souls who,took part in 6 n
the great fratricidal struggle are left
and the ranks of the true patriots V
who answered to their country's call Laf
in time of danger have been so Cat
thinned by death that of the hun- was
dreds who enilisted from this sec- and
tion only a few remain. ene
We give below the proceedings of hac
the meeting given to the Gazette for 'j
publication: me,
In answer to the call the Confederate leal
veterans now residing in Lafayette parish, fart
La., assembled at the court-house on Satur
day, April 6, 895, and proceeded to or- age
ganize themselves into a Camp, under the me;
general organization.of the U. C. V's. of It 2
the Southern States of America. The fol- by
lowing officers were duly elected: John C be
Buchanan, Ist. Virginia Cavalry, captain;
D A Cochrane, 8th Louisiana Infantry, ad- ent
jutant; Arthur Greig 8th Lodisiana Infantry, the
Ist lieutenantr L G Breaux, 8th Louisiana vil
Infantry, ad lieutenant; Jno Hahn, 3d sivw
Mississippi Infantry, 3d lieutenant; A L.is
bony, 3oth Louisiana Infantry, quarter
master; H C Wallis, Ist Maryland Cavalry,
color-bearer O Baron, 8th Louisiana Infan- of
try, chaplain; Was. Clegg, 2d Louisiana col
Infantry, treasurer. ten
The following members were enrolled: ha'
C Debaillon, 28th Louisiana Infantry; A
Louaillier, captain McElroy's Heavy In- tin
fantry artillery, M T Martin iSth Louisiana ad
Infantry, T A McFadden, 2d Arkansas In- on
a fantry; Gustave Mouton, 18th Louisiana In- air
fantry; W. B. Bailey Louisiana Guard ar- bu
tillery; J. K Grier, lieutenant 28th Louis
iana Infantry; HI. M. Creswell, 4th Missis- o
sippi Cavalry; T D. Weir, 14th Mississippi set
Infantry; Thomas Mouton, 2d Louisiana fo1
n Cavalry; A'J Moss, captain 26th Louisiana as
s Infantry; Elie McDaniel, 8th Louisiana In
fantry; Chiastian Steiner, 26th Louisiana
Infantry; R. C. Landry, i8th Louisiaua
Infantry: Sidney Greig, ISth Louisiana In- of
fantry. By request the name of R S Perry, dc
a lieutenant and adjutant of ISth Louisiana
Infantry, was enrolled as a member of the
camp.
The naming of the camp being the next II
thing in orler it was u:nlluoutsly resolved
that the camp be known as the General
I Frank G.ardner Ca.mp, in honor of one w iho
gallantly led the bh.ys in grey on many
'fhard-foulght battle lields and who has
crossed over th.e river and is now resting tlt
with his comrades. Mrs. Gar.lner, the sur- b
viving widow of the general, was unani
mously elected sponso,r for the camp and ia
the adjutant was requested. to inform her of ai
the fact. w
"- The mnmbecrs pron;,tly paid up their
dues of so cents per capita and $- for the c1
charter.
The adjutant was requested to forward C
the roster as signed to the adjutant general t
of U. C. V's. of tae State, together with w
.5 the required fees.
15 The meeting adjourned subject to call by
the captain, through the adjutant, when the
ill charter is received. tU
id J. C. BUCIHANAN, Capt. Com. S
D. A. COCHRANE, Adjutant. b
To Teachers. cl
The teachers of Lafayette Parish are ear- o
le nestly requested to attend the next regular
meeting of the Institute at Prof. Greig's 0
se school house at it a. m. Owing to various tl
rn causes we have missed two meetings, and
we should not miss this one.
5. Respectfully,
s W A Ls:RosEN,
President Institute,
AT ROYVILLE.
Y Happenings- in the Busy and
y Thrifty Town - Reportd c
y for the Coltlmlns of The ii
(st Gazette. c
Dr. J. D. Trahan was called profession
ally in town Monday.
ier Mr. Edward Estorge and Dr. Melancon
n. of New Iberia, favored our otice with a t
call Sunday.
Miss Estelle Gerac, of Lafayette, is visit
or ing Miss Bounemaison.
ly That hustling deputy sheriff, Thomas c
Mouton, passed through Royville lately in
d discharge of his official duties.
m- Two bears and a mouth-piece were per
s_ forming in Royville Monday, much to the
delight of the children.
J. G. St. Julicn Jr., of Broussard, was in
f. Royville Sunday.
Messrs. A. A. Mouchet and Chas. J.
Young, will soon open a general merchan
dise store in the old Young & Theall stand.
These two young gentlemen are well-known
he and very popular, and we bespeak for the
rrv new firm a paying business.
he Little Robert Iligginbothamn was down
icd with fever all last week.
edy With the numberless aspirants for office
ipa- at the next election, the campaign will
he doubtless be novel and interesting.
ases WVhether it be luck, popularity or good
r it looks we cannot say, but for Ike Broussard,
at he holds his own, and the people again say
he'll be our next sheriff.
The roads are in a better condition this
cans year than they have been for several years.
reat If the good work would only continue, we
r- ay some day boast of having fair roads in
anti- this, the queen section of L.ouisiana.
4 Miss Lillie DI)yer is now better and on the I
full road to recovery.
So Olivier Blanchet, Esq., is serving the old
th a 4th ward this week as juror.
ith Some ,ibon-vivant'". satisfied his feed
be Sunday night, by paying a telling visit to
t it Dr. Scranton's shteep herd. The doctor is
V. mad as a hornet, and swears he'll shoot to
14 kill, should he see any one suspiciously
]loafing around. Thieves beware!
The game of Base Ball behrween Pilette
club and Cote-Jelee nine Sunday, resulted open
in a victory for the former. Brou
At the next election the people shouldB
support their own candidates, and not allow horse
themselves to be hoodwinked and . blind- yVei
folded by the scalawags and old time poll
ticinaz}
h.I' day has conme when the people will dese
vote according to their belief, and disre
pard party faibles and mother goose stories,
as revised and rearanged by the old war his r
horses and political blacklegs.
Misses Edna and Ada Olivier, Mrs. M
Schuh and Mr. Maloney were gusts of Mrs. itor
Scranton this week. CHEROKEE.
T1
All styles of jewelry made to or- One
der by T. M. Biossat, watchmaker one
and jeweler. are
Died. our
At his late residence in this town have
at 12:30 p. m. Thursday, Joseph M
Louis Mouton, aged 64 years and
6 months. th
chui
CarWncro News. fold
We understand that the town of fd
Lafayette is now fully as large as dno
Carencro. We always knew that it n
was a pushing, enterprising place; T
- and it only goes to show what real of I
energy can accomplish. Carencro pag
f had better look to her laurels. for
The establishment of a large o
meat packing house in New Or- a
leans is an assured fact. Our and
farmers should find much encour
- agement in this statement. It
e means cheaper meat for consumers.
f It also means a reliable and close- h
by market where hogs can always has
be sold at a fair figure. Should the the
enterprise prove successful, and stol
there is no reason to doubt that it It V
a will; our farmers could go exten- OPP
I sively into hog raising, which has r
proven very profitably in the West. will
The plant in the city, will be one situ
- of the largest in the South, and will 1
n command the trade of a very ex- Jea
tensive territory. Lafayette parish fan
has always been recognized as be
ing i.eculiarly and particularly ma
a adapted to stock raising. And at fro
n- one time its praries were devoted at
n almost exclusively to that line of
`r business, a fact that should cause ,
s- our farmers to give the matter their b
pi serious attention. It at least af- for
na fords an opportunity that we feel caf
na assured they will not be slow to thc
n appreciate. sel
ua Mr. E. H. Knight, formerly
n- operator at the Southern Pacific Br
y' depot, has been transferred to Di
he Cheneyville. - MIr. Knight made
many Warm friends during his stay me
st in Carencro. D4
td Mr. M. M. Thibodaux and fam- Fr
ily have returned from a visit to vi:
relatives in St. John parish. sit
Las There was a very meagre atten- cc
"^ dance at the entertainment, given tic
" by Prof. Hatch at Guilbeau's Hall as
ntl last Friday night. The panorama in;
of and phonograph concert, was well tee
worth the price of admission. TI
lir Miss 1'almyre Gullbeau, the e
charming daughter of lion. A. I.
Grd Guilbeau of Breaux Bridge, was
ral the guest of Carencro relatives last
ith week.
b Mr. A. C. Guilbeau and Dr. W. of
the W. Lessley attended the meeting of R
the School Board in Lafayette on d
Saturday last. We trust that the h(
board will eventually see their way J.
clear to a sober and full realization
nr- of the fact that there is more than se
s one public school in the parish,
ous that calls for their good efforts. ol
fnd
lMr. F. Otto of Lafayette was in re
town last week. b
An election for Mayor and Coun- ir
cil will take place Monday, May 6. tc
Our farmers are actively at work. li
nd The law passed at the last session
of the Legislature looking to the re- n
liA of small towns such as Caren
cro, is a delusion and snare. Is t
not worth the paper it is written on,
on- means nothing, and the writer never
on intended that it should mean any
ta thing. It is simply a crumb with a
mill-stone attachment. 11
,ii r. Gaston Blot has fully re
mas covered from his long spell of sick
i ness, and is now spending a few
per- days in New Orleans. b
the Commencing April 13th Carencro
Swill boast of a permanent skating v
rink, where our young folks can
J spend a very pleasant evening every
and. Sunday.
own WVe regret to learn of the illness
of Mmine. J. J. Cousson.
own Rev. Father Gerard, of Grand
e Coteau, was the guest of Father
will Laforest last Sunday.
The time may come when home
sd seekers will understand that Crow
say ley and Eunice do not embrace the
whole of Louisiana; that they are
eas really a very small and inferior por
we tion of it. When that time does
s i arrive, any letter soliciting informa
n the tion addressed to the Gazette's
Carcncro correspondent, will re
. old ceive prompt and proper attention;
feed giving a truthful description of the
r it most fertile portion of the State.
ot to The new church is progressing
ously slowly, but surely.
~ Iitte M r. St. Doste Arcenaux has
opened a livery stable at Mr.
Broussard's place, where saddle 99
horses, buggies, hacks and other
veliicles can be hired at all times. C
Mr. Arcenaux is o'he of our most
deserving and enterprising young
men. We trust he may succeed in
his new venture,
Mr. P. O. Couvillon was a vis
itor in Sunset last Sunday.
Three marriages on the tapis.
One for April, one for May, and
one for June. The young ladies
are from among the most lovely of
our country, while the young men
have no superiors anywhere.
Mr. Childs of Opelousas, one of
the carpenters working on the
church building, fell from a scaf
fold a distance of 35 feet, a few
days ago, but fortunately sustained
no injury.
The marriage of Mr. A. S. Wood,
of Huron, to Miss Armide Cham
pagne, of Grand Point, is announced
for the x7th of this month. Mr
Wood is the well-known and pop
ular conductor of the Teche road;
and Miss Champagne is the
daughter of a prosperous farmer of -
Grand Point. Our heartiest con
gratulations to the happy couple.
Mr. F. G. Chachere, architect,
has been awarded the contract for
the building of a large and modern
store for Mi. G. H. Guilbeau.
It will be erected on the vacant lot
opposite Mr. Blot's residence.
Mr. Maurice Francez and family -
will shortly move into their cottage
situated near the depot.
1 Messrs. Cyrus Guidry and C.
Jeanmard have returned with their
families to Breaux Bridge.
The telephone company has
Y made a general reduction of rates
" from Carencro to all points. Office
at Southern Pacific depot.
Cherokee warns us that the
e "political pot" has commenced to
boil. We may watch the surface
for the appearance of innumerable
candidates. From what we hear,
there will be no lack of material to
select from.
ly The local trustees, Messrs. C. C.
C Brown, V. E. Dupuis, and D. A.
`O Dimitry, accompanied by Dr. W.
le V. Lessley and Mr. A. C. Guilbeau
Y members of the school board; and
Doctors F. WV. Courtney and J. P.
n- Francez, and Mr. A. I. Guilbeau,
to visited the public school a few days
since, and found that it was being
n- conducted to their entire satisfac
'n tion. Prof. C. Latiolais and his
11, assistant, Mrs. E. Villere, are prov
a ing themselves thoroughly compe
:11 tent and painstaking teachers.
Their method of imparting knowl
edge to the children under their
charge, could hardly be improved
upon.
as Police Jury Proceedings.
.st LAFAYETTE LA., April to, 1895. _
Pursuant to call a special meeting
V. of the Police Jury was held this day
of with the following members present:
R. C. Landry, president, A. D. Lan
dry, H. M. Durke, Alfred A. Del
he homme and C. C. Brown. Absent:
ay J. G. St. Julien, Alfred Hebert.
Dn Owing to the absence of the
secretary Homer Mouton was re
quested to serve in his stead. The
, meeting was called for the purpose
of appointing a commissioner to
in represent Lafayette parish at the
meeting of the board of assessors to
be held at Lafayette on the z2d
n- instant, to fix the assessment on
6. telegraph, telephone and railroad
.k. lines.
On motion duly seconded Capt.
on J. C. Buchanan was elected com- -
e- missioner from this parish.
n- There being no further buisiness
Is to transact it was moved to adjourn
until the next regular meeting.
'n, R. C. LANDRY, President.
er HOMIER MIOUTON, Sec. Proteinm.
The Discovery Saved His Life.
a Mr. G. Coillouete, Druggist, Beaversville,
Ill. says: "TLo Dr. King' a N:w Di)iscovery I
uwe umy life. W~Vas taken uwith LaGrippe and
tried ali t.e 1hysicians for miles about, but
k-of no avail and was given up and told I X
could not live. Having Dr. Kings New
I)iscovery in my store I sent for a bottle and
began its use and from the first dose began
Crto g.et better, and after using three bottles
vw.s up and atbout again. It is worth its
ng weight in gold. Ve dont keep storeor house
without it " Get a free trial at Wim.
an Clegg's Drug Store.
y Dr. Sylvester's Condition Powders cures
hidebound yellow water, mange, and puts
less your stock in fine condition. TIry it. Sold
by D. V. Gardeb'ed. n 14.
Dr. Sylvcster is a ve~tinary surgeon of
and great repute, having been house surgeon of
:her the principal hospitals in America. I-lence
the value of his mediciqes for sale at D. V.
Gatdcbled's. n 14.
me- Engineers, conductors and brakemen
ow- smoke the New Orleans L)Daily States Cigar.
That proves their great superior merit. P.
th Demanade sells a great many. n 14.
are Physicians now reccomend the New Or
por- leans Daily States Cigar as being of super
oes ior merit and having a fine aromna.
ma- The New Orleans l)aily States Cigar
meets with popular favor. A real good|
Lte's All like txem. Sold by i'. Dcma
re-nade. n 4 4.
ion; The New Orleans Daily States Cigar is
the Hence is thle best 5 cents cigar on the mar
ket to-day. Try it and you will like it.
Sold at P. Demanade's. n 4.
S Go to P. Demnanade's and ask for the
New Orleans Daily States. Get a to c.
has 'cigar for 5c. n14.
Question of Time - 4
When everybody and his friends will
realize that T. M. Biossat's is the
L ' place to take their Watches, Clocks
* and cewelery to be repaired and
made over. At a heavy expense I
have one of the best equipped
"Watch Repairing Department" in
t the South. All styles of Jewelry
O made to order. Engraving neatly
Tin executed. Diamonds reset and
mounted.
T. Mt. BIOSSfT.
P. 0. B. 137. LAPAYETTE, LA.
=SPRING GOQODS .
Leon Plonsky,
A Complete Stock of.
Men's and Boys' Suits..
Also Everything to Please the Ladies,
.le o" Ten, $ro.oo, Ten, $ xo.oo, Ten, $io.oo =
0r AT-TEN-TIONI «
E The TENdency of all TENants of this terrestrial E-+
sphere is to atTENd tothe attractions.inTENded to
- benefit them to any exT. Nt. We therefore ex- o
0. TENd a cordial invitation to all inTENding to
o make either a small or exTENSive purchase of ,
au clothing thi $S.oo $o.oo ng to gve
atTENtior. to the large and
d varied line E N of Suits, now ..
P. displayed in our store. r
ýu, o We con- TEN d t-at o
o you should not be conTENted until you have 2
Lys examined the conTENts of .our store and learn v,
ng the great values there offered for $Io.oo. New
suits that would be good value at $i2.o0 to
C- $15.0o, all await TENants and owners of the E,
his property small for the amount of $10o.oo. o
- In Conta Furnishing also we handle, .
L. LEVY & SON.
1- C Ten, $zo.oo, Ten, $1o.oo, Ten, $io.oo
er
ed
n- Ne w Stor e!
1l
he P. DEMANADE & CO.
re
'he Labe's Former Stand, next to Olivier Hotel.
Liquors, Wines and Tobaccoes,.
don Staple and Fancy Groceries
Oysters Served in all Styles. Hot and Cold Lunches,
G. LACOSTE,
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriages
LI t and WACON,
S I anufacturer's agent for WValking and Riding Culti"ators, ,isc- Harrow Leavet
n larow, Stalk Cutter. Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
gan lurning Plows, Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
ust Corner of Jeffersoan and Vcrmilion Streets. LAPAYEI'TtE, LA.
tires
puts -
o'fFELIX DEMANADE
ne. T he V1p to 1ste MVerchtant -
.gar. -Sells Cheap
4. -Groceries *1 :
Or- -Liquors 0
-Crockery ,
Cigr -Willowware
)'ma- . .
14. -And -
-Fancy C
" is --Goods -
e -it.
,o c· LAFAYETTE, -- . . -