" ' awo HOOR 'J.' MOUTON
)A Dt. ,JovZMsE 4.... -
c+ h+. L Es..sem.J A uo~..,.lcag"ioad
S°P AAL 1OTICE.
`' ."~grs, mIrslaitrafrs and
 ai a i ni-t' fhe (-*L . e-idesires to call
S isof aii torol. addiiatraors of estates
~ ;iaid  in atii ~lon. and its friends in
'aaa. l to h e etaepLhaal advantages ofered .by
' Wager for Us he shblicationa of their notics of sales
t Tie  circlation of the paper. and its In
^''- cluarity in Lafayette and parish is a suf
S*isa tuaranyi to adverties that business entrus
htt att h.i oseatte -wali reach a largercircle than can
, i"eooaiplihte8 through any other miediitm.
TAE ADVANTjGE GUARD.
"TwentyF ve'etnen arrived in Lafa.
Bette ýn 'Sunday evening's freight
train, being. a contingent of--the Cal
iifornia workingmen -now on their
S way. to, point= in:this {and : adjoining 1
States in search - of employment. t
The party were begrimed with'dnst,
. wosar-out and nearly famished,' hav- a
ing had nothing to. eat since, leaving
houston. Most of the party pos- i
esessed cardsein--arious labor unions e
eand some > of them had certificates s
'of character, showing that they were t
S ar above the average "bum" tramp, -l
in short, it could readily be -seen
-that they-were tramps from neces- t
'sity and not from -choice. Sheriff c
V8rusesrd and Marshal Vigneaux, g
assisted by charitably inclined -iti- '
zens, provided food for these way- a
farers, who, after satisfying their
hunger, departed apparently grate
-ful .for the kindness and help ex- tl
-tended to them. 'Many, no doubt, tl
will find work on the sugar planta- sl
itiens'beiow. tl
de
'This contingent are of the -num
'ber *ho were arrested in San Anto
nio"and detained by the city author- te
ities as common tramps, but shortly
iafterwards released -by -request of d
-Gov. Hogg, who expressed the de- st
(termination if it was not done to
.grant immediate relief, and stated
that no American citizen should be
;arrested and treated as a common fr
n-malefactor on Texas soil, for simply Tj
askling for an opportunity to earn It
-ithe means necessary to. a livelihood. SU
CGov, Hogg, doubtless, -recalled the
:time -that he landed in Tyler with her
:fifteen cents-in his.pocket, and only
wanted a chance to work, is now te
applying to them the same rule that fa
he should have wanted applied in a
ihis -case. And in assuming his o
present -stand-the Governor is emi- N.
3nently-correct,. and in consequence Alf
.of which, :none -of the :party were
-.nolested in Texas, and. none will be taO
,so long as they commit no infrac- Su
tion oa the law. of
This detachment is the forerun- cal
her of the large army that it is fear- act
ed will come pouring down on this tim
section if the -silver mines .are forced
to close by adverse legislation. ;It and
is .claimed that mining is the only year
means available whereby thousands justr
-of people are enabled -to earn a liv- disp
ing, arid should .the demand for sil- no
ver cease, -these people -must seek A
-elsewhere -the substance to keep dent
,body and soul together, hence their ine
probable visitation of this section. diffe
and
Loui
A SPLE DI.LD CO_'.TRIBU- robu
For a new member M[r. Alfred cha
l-lebert starts out well indeed, for it plex
was upon his motion that the Police n
Jury appropriated, at its sittiqg ture
Monday, the sum of $:5oo to the
.general school fund. Of course we c ri
-do not mean 'to detract one iota i T
from the public-spiritedness of the pem,
other members, for they are all de- nnyn
serving of the highest praise in'this share
matter. Unofficially the members touri
-declared ,their willingness to ex- sexes
'tend further.aid should it become  aMis
necessary. home
It may not be generally known but n
that at its last meeting the:School At Li
Board decided to make one school sernc
-district in the parish, and one ding,
a
- school fund, whereby it will permit forme
-of the adoption a system that must |but b.
;prove .benificial .in the operation of acreoe
the scheols. • thevy
In ihaving but one schoal -fund, that t
the School Board will be in a polsi- ger a
tiomnEosing as much of the money desist
.as may be-deemed necessary to run ed Cre
the High School, or;rather so much They
-as will be required added to what
-he Town Council will contribute. From
Sie with thb amount -the Town
4Caead wilU :appropriate, because ,th i
-re feel confident that body will fiftae
. a y.gite something. For in Te_
m, t will .aid :the School ,ag
-to the-extent-ofthe sum con-guag
which will spermit ,the nois
Qa.rd.to apply tshot .much them
th - -parish schooft, thus tSeve
- · te~prs
Sthe psht'these two'bdbeies have
eontribut &wery liberaly.- and now
that' the: Plice "ury has -added an
)TON other appsopriation,ithere is no rea
son':too think that the Town Council
Second willnot follow sult-at an early date
.td chip in to keep the good cause
93" flourishing.
GOOD WILL POLL.OW.
s and The session of the grandc4idgerof
Brotherhood of Railway 'Fkaianmen
call held in Bottonathis' month was the
mdg o most prolonged since the organiza
red .b tion of c=tke -6rder-zelsetion of ofli
a d cersand-other bssiness *of import
a a ut- ance being, the cause. The -repre
n -sentativevfrom the Lafayette subor
dinate lodge, No. 317, Judge W. E.
Bowen, was elected a member of
. the grand executive -board.
afal This was the'firstBi-Annual -Con
ight vention of this-young but titaaic-or
Cal- der. and it was the intention-th-at the
their delegales shottld be :thoroughly re
ining presentative. men- oftthe various sub
sent. ordinate lodges.;- this was the request
oast, of Hon. :L. S. Coffin, ex-R. R. Com
hay- anissioner of, and candidate for the
ving Govership of the State of Iowa. It
pos- is also due to Mr. Coffin's untiring G
ions efforts that the Act-to promote -the
ates safety of employees -and travelers
were upon railroads, lvas adopted, com
mp, pelling common carriers engaged in
seen interstate commerce to equip their
,ces- cars with automatic couplers, and b
eriff continuous brakes, and their en
sux, gines with driving wheel brakes.
citi- This act is known under No. xS:3,
tat- al* was approved on the -d of
heir March by ex- Presidcnt Harrison.
ate- One of the pleas submitted -to
ex- the delegates, we understand, is to
ibt, the effect that sobriety in all things
sta- should form the corner stone of
the organization. The number of
delegates in the convention was
t 535 and these represented a meim
to- bership of 25, ooo. The in
terchange -of ideas between these
rtly 535 delegates will, no doubt, pro
of duce benificial results .towards this th
sterling organization.r
:to -M
ted '" A Riot in Louisiana." ye
be The following special despatch
lon from this town was printed in the df
ply Times-Democrat some days since. fic
ra It might be termed the text to the
d. suooeeding article: er
:he In view of the fact that Sam T. Jack's sat
Belle Creole Company is advertised to play
ith here to-morrow night ; be it us
sly Resolved, That we regard the negro fe
males composing said company and parading
DW themselves as creole beauties, to be an in
at famous slur on the fair name of the people
of the State of Louisiana, and firmly protest
in against the wanton and insulting exhibitions
of that company. (Signed) WVm. Campbe!l, Ei
Julian Mouton, C. Debaillog, F. R. Tolson,
2i- N.;P. Moss, Crow Girard, C. A. Thomas,
ce Alfred.l Iebert.
re The subjoined is.a.pa-rt of an edi- Brn
be -torial taken from the New York as
c- Sun of the 25th uliimo, and for want Pal
of a more appropriate term we shall ger
call it the context, and let the in:- -a!
r accuracies therein pass by for the Vei
is time being, inasmuch as all the ses:
facts are known here: 4th
Trhe controversy over the origin, derivation,
It and significance of the word creole began ceei
Syears ago, and has been in progress ever sch
since. Until Friday last, however, the ad- -fest
Is justment of the.question was in the hands of he
V_ disputing philologers. On that day it
passed summarily, and, we hope, finally, The
1- into the hands of a Louisiana mob. of
k A creole is, rroperly speaking, an Ameri- you
can born of French or Spanish parents resi- wer
p dent in the semi-tropical portions of the con
ir tinent, adjacent to the Gulf of Mexico. The ive
climatic conditions prevailing in those regions had
differ materially from those existing in France pro
and Spain; and creoles, most numerous in isp
Louisiana and Florida, do not enjoy the
robust vigor which marks the larger number neei
of Frenchmen and Spaniards. But they, edu
especially the creole women, have a marked schc
Scharacteristic of beauty and supple grace ; T
deep black eyes, soft, smooth, delicate com
t plexions, gentle voices, and-symmetry of fig- PO
ure, without obesity. Creoles are full- well
e blooded white persons without any admix- pos
g ture whatever of negro or Indian ancestry, but
Sand they pride themselves particularly upon
this fact, which is an exception to the gener- Yt
e al rule in .most Spanish-American or Vest B
Indian coutries.
a The general belief of many uninformed atos
e pesons is that creole and octoroon are syn- the
Sonymous terms. This erroneous view, tena
ciously adhered t: during many years, was pros
s shared by atheatrical man ager wlho ha~I been
touring the.United;States ,with a number of
Soctorons, mulattoes, .and -negroes of both
- sexes in a company called *,La Belle Creole
Minstrels." When the company, on .its Edito
travels, reached southern Louisiana, the "It
home of genuine creoles, trouble began. At N
Lake Charles great indignation was -shown,
Sbut no violence, and the theatre was empty.the
At Lafayette, they found that a meeting had plact
been held to denounce "their attempt to be- work
I smirch the fair name of Louisiana" by para- of
Sding a crowd of quadroon women as creoles;
and a committee headed by the Mayor in- hole,
t formed them that they could not play there, can
t but had better leave at once. The mob col- with
lected around the car in which the alleged
creoles, and there were threats to burn it if
they did.not leave. When the car reached good
Movw Iberia the situation was so threatening the c
that there was no performance. The mana- in t)
ger deoidled .it .was best to quit the creole them
country, :and, under this promise, the mob
desisted fromzinterference, and the pretend- Lo
ed creoles departed North on -a;f*st-e~xpress. weatl
They will never go to Louisiana.any more. will I
Royville Items, and i
From Our Regular Correspondent.
-Chiefof Police Stutts should lief.
deputize a few officers, and raid an oi
he negro dance that is held every
fifteen days near "Primeaux' shop. I
The most-vociferous and vulgar lan
guage imaginable is used -by .these The
noisy blacks; and the racket made by Ford
them proves .a noisance to sthe Landr
peaceable .citizens living .near. Dre
Several contllaints were made ;to .Brewn.
we.i ;yvsirwnorrespondelt, -si ioh st 'i
our efficient officer will attend to
bhaste this ematter, and ee .tht thesei -or
,now gleosae stopped.
I an- ~~Notwithstanding Ythe -';dl -times
rea- and low prices -.f - cotton;, our mer
uncil 'chants are all deoinga. -filne--bsiness.
date Strangers would- be surprised' to-see
:ause the cash in 'circulation here, es
specially when .Royvi4le=-is noted fdr
its, credit system. Our ,lands -are
richest and most fertile. of-the State,
but having eo -transportation fa
the cilities either by rail- or water forces
us to.take-a back seat and, look on
to the-progress and rise of our sis
ter towns. Stitl, we do not yet de
port- spair,.-as: the day must come when
re- aid-wi-ll be. given us, and then,. off
we - are, . to wealth and prosperity.
-There is a club in this stown
r of town named the "mysterious six."
STheir motto is "fun," .and from
present indications we feel able to
say that some of -them-do get their
value's worth.
re- -Our good-friend, Simnonet .Le
sub- Blanc, of Abbeville, was in -Roy
nestville the past week zshakitg hands
om- with.his many friends.
the -Mr. iL. -S. 'Broussard of the
bIt you dropped in Saturday, and
r like a great number of his brother
farmers, is asking for rain.
lers -Miss Mimie Cornay, of La
om- fayette, was a guest the past week
of MissM. Young.
r -Mr. P. B. Roy .is kept very T
and busy attending to his -cotton gin. y
en- His partner, Dr. .Dupleix, is "dead
tes. in it,".and;jugding from.the quanti
ty of bales that daily leave ;the.gin,
we predict that at least sooo bales Ii
-will .be ginned by them -this fall
to fall.
to -Irs. Scranton =.and daughter
ngs went.to.Lafayette Saturday.
of -During AMr. A. L. Dyer's ab
sence, his store is ably conducted t
by Mr. Ferdinand Trahan, a shrewd
n- business manager, who makes
things hum.
ese -
rMr. Ben Flanders, Jr., visited
the village -Saturday.
:Postmaster D. Bonnemaison and
'Mr. .Ursin Mouton went to Lafa
yette Sunday.
:ch -Dr. Lati6lais and Judge Greig
:he f Broussard were callers at our of
:e. fice this week.
he -What is the matter with broth
er '"Dubardiet" formerly of -Brous- A
k's sard. Wake up, brother, and let at
us hear from you again.
Fe- HEROEI-I .
ng
A -Vuorthy Young Ma :.
st ISI.E PILErrTI:, I
rns October 31,1893. c
Editor Lafayette Gazette.:
Is, It is with pleasure that we 'hear
of .the success of Mr. Alcibiade
Bi- Broussard, in passing examination =
rk as teacher of public schools in the
nt Parish of Vermilion. This young
gentlemen is the son of Mr. L.ucien +Wi
S. Broussard of this parish, who tak
n= was for many years deputy clerk of pr
te Vermillion parish, but now a suc
Le sessful planter of our parish, in the
4th -ward, on Bayou Vermilion.
Young Alcibiade Broussard re- C
vn ceived his.education in the public
erschools of this parish, and to Pro- Li,
d- -fessor Alex. Meaux he owes it all, tern
of he having gone to no other school. tioc,
t The old professor must feel proud CIO.
of his good work. Many other cm
- young men of -this section, -who ace,
were taught by him might perhaps and
give liimsthe same pride, had they rone
s had an opportunity. This goes to inst
e prove that our public school system spot
nis progressing,.and.that our children ing.
r need not look to other schools for adv
r ut
education, if they only attended our it s
d schools regularly. stan
The -Pilette school in charge of othe
Prof Meaux, is doing admirably igen
well. With the material that we
- possess, the school coul- do better yvear
but for lack of attendance it is not that
yet what we would like to see it. r
t But the energy which .has been P 4
shown in the past by public 'exami- turn
nations and exhibitions, given by - varin
the directors of the school have im- '
proved the attendance very much. 8wer
B. S.
1-3
'Public Roads.
Editor Lafayette Gazette
"In time of peace prepare for war."
Now that the roads throughout Lt
the parish are all dry, and that
places Ithat are usually difficult to
work meet-of:the time on account
of water in ditches,- -where bog
holes inevitably forms every year,
can easily be -put in good condition Go
with very li ttle working. r878.
But it seems as ff the prevailing All .
good weather will never cease, and
the consequence is that no one hav- 4
ing the roads in charge, are having
them worked.
Lookout ! For very soon the bad
weather will set in, and complaints
will be heard repeatedly, as usual,
and bad roads will be the topic of
the day, which will be a poor re
:lief. WVhy inot road overseers put
in order their-roads, and save time
and labor. XXX.
Police Jury Pz'oceediqgs.
LAFAYETTE, OCt. 3o, 1893.
The Police Jury met this day in regular
session with the following members present:
Ford, Holfpauir, R. C. Landry, A'. *D.
Landryk, A. A. J)elhomme and H. M. .
Durke; absent: J. G. St. Julien and C. C.
.BrOwn.
she 16t M At We'ert*pe* atem behboe
rd to le J fr '" 1iTresemted his commissilon i
S. PoI ,dle Jarr .r the 3rd ward, vice W.
B. Tortan rid.ge".
.Theaniiates  tbe,:previous meeting were
tims readand approved.
mer- · The-cominittee appointe to -reinsure the
iness. court house reported that duty 'perfprmed
tosee and two policies, each for $S5oo, <secured
through Lewis & -Lacombe, agents, in the
es-oyal of Li verpool and Hartford Compa
id for .of Connecticut. ThgWate being fixed at
S-are 63 .per cent premium for three
State, years. No reduction could be obtained.
lfa- Thereport of the committee ,was accepted
orces idpproved.
>k Mr.5E. G. Voorhies here appeared and
on presented his resignation as member of the
sis- auditing committee assigning that the duties
t de- incumbent upon the committee since the
when system of contracts, with the .various oir
cers had been adopted,. were of -so insigni
ficant nature as to -render the services of
:rity. of that body practicailly useless. Mr. Voor
town eies urged the acceptance "of his-resignation as
six." he did not consider himself justified in re
from ceiving remuneration-. for the slight -.services
e t now imposed ypot the a.cqnmittee end 'fur
ther that the -presence sad a-diice of Dis
their trict Attorney M. T. Gordy wou'd suffice in
theaisposal of all matters of doubtful legali
-Le- ty. By motion the resignation of Mr.
Roy- Voorhies was accepted.
aBy motion duly made the auditing com- r
mittee was abolished.
Hon. Julian Mouton appeareld before the
the jury and urged .a liberal appropriation for
and the maintenance of the public schools of the
ther parish, and upon motion the followi~ng was
adopted:
Resolved, That the -sum nif':r5oo be and
La- is hereby appropriated to the public schools
reek of the parish in General, and the -same made
;payable to the order of Hion. Juliati Mouton,
ery president 6f the parish School Board.
The following account-was laid. over:
gin. A. Cheffer, lumber............... ... 28
lead The following accounts were approved:
.nti Fi. Billaud, feeding prisoners......S l oo C
T. loffpauir, unloading lunmber.... 2 oo f
There being no further business the Po- tl
ales lice Jury adjourned
fall -FOIR-HlUFFPAUIR, President.
:R. C. GREIC, Secretary.
rReward of $25.
ab- For the arrest of the party or pa:-ties who
set fire to the rice-stacks on the tlong plan
tation, on Monday night. Octoier 23, 1893.
wd Al) VoN IKAI'.CKSTI'ENIN.
'cs Parish of Lafayette, Fa., Oct. 27, 183. 27
ted _
IF YOU :BUY *
ifa- Vtr
all
of- I NT.ING
- And wish Good work,
let at Equitable Prices,
: CA L .1T : . -
'ar
oil AZE -
he For 'Sale 'or Trade.
ng A faot' in Queue Tortue. Soil a'laped
to the cultivation of cane, cotton, corln, etc.
n iWill Il for reasonabl price. W\Villing tr
10 take part .panatca:t in town property, inl
of Proved or aimproved. Apply at this :ftice.
- or to '13. HUFFPAUtR,
he Oct. 2I Ridge, P. O., L.a.
e- To Planters and Merchian-ts
- The Carencro Union Ginteri,
0- Limnited, using the complete Munger SysM
II, tern of Dallas, Texas, as now seen in opera
lion at the Chicago World's Fair. is ready to
d do all the ginning that inay bie entrusted to
it. at the following rates : 40 cents per 1oa,
ý pounds, and 1.25 bagginlg andtl ties, seel
to accepted :for toll at New Orleans quotations,
s and the surplus cashed to the owner of cot
ton. Shipping attended to frotm ginnery
free of cost, and bills of lading mailed as per
O instructions. Those wishing to sell on the
n spot may do so easily, buyer's olffice in build
,n ing. This ginnery stood withut boast or
r advertisement for three years, on its merits,
but detrimental rumors being circulated oil
r its supposed deficiences, forces it to have-a
standing offer of Sroo, as a ,wager to any
Sother ginuerv in this parishll, on tile followain
geleral imilltts:
Ist. Capacity of hales turned out per day.
e 2anid. Convenience of unloading, as a to
r year old boy knowing how to drive is all
t that is necessary while the gins are runnin".
3rd. Yield of lint to a givenl number of
potlods of seedl cotton.
4th. Quality of staple or grade of sample
- turned out of any quality of cotton, this in
Svariably brmiging the highest market price.
Any communication will be promptly an
swered by C. C. BROWN, MIanager.
CARENCitO GINN.RY Co., Irnrr
V. E. DUI'UIS.
S31 3m 3Prcsi.lent.
Oheap 8torel T
SLOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker, Jeweler,
:AND OPTICIAN.
Gold Medal awarded at Exlmsition of
r878. :Repairing of fine watchesa a-specialty
All work cheap and guamranteed.
Lafayette,. La.
B'Opposite Afoutonr Sti/ler' Stoze.
TI
o Is -the
esatiftc s1ervan
G lene
we
. oddi'ervice. *Trlipt Returns.
w.
C" oCUIMBIA RICI.MILL
he NEW YORK,
ed
ed We beg to call attention 'to "the
he fact that we haive commenced mill
a- ing -for .the .new season. -Planters
at who propose shipping rough rice
e to be milled on, toll-will do well to
d. write -us;Ias to the .amount they are
rd likelytto ship and the probable date
of shipment. This,will.enable us to
ad place same on our mill roster..and
s by, the turn being tthuseuogaged, im
es mediate •attention secured as -soon
1e as.the-rotgh: is -received.
5 i
i- Hrilders of old crop will do well
)f to senrd it right along before, the new
r- crop makes.it "take a back seat."
Do not mix the old-and new to
s gether as.they mill differently and
" they-both.-suffr.
" Care should be -taken to pack in a
good strong bags, also to mark a
plainly that lots may not get m.xed
with others coming to us by each *
incoming steamer.
DAN TAL&MAGCE'S SONS,
-New York.
tl
LA. STATE UNIVERSITY
-ANI)
AGRICULTURAL & MECHANICAL1COLLE6E.
J. W.. NICHOLSON, L L,:D.., President M
The next session will open on the 5th of
October with a full and able corps of Pro
fessors. HIealthy locality, good discipline,
thorongh instruction, free tuition. Total
cost of nmaintainance per year $131.
For further inlformatian address
ALVAN C. READ, Secretary,
1-24. BATON Routc., L.A.
-FOR SALE.
The tine''Percehronl Stallion L
BI LLY
well known as a spletldid 4 rc&ler, -and very fu
gentle. Also sone draft horses. 'Apply to
27 A. BRowt.R, I.afayette, Ia.
ML CARMEL CONVENT,
'LAFAYETTE, LA. try
The system of Education includes the tea
French and English languages, Music and bra
all kinds of needle-work. Every attention |;
will'e given to the health and comfort-of for,
those placed under the care of the: Sisters. |T
For terms apply to the Superior. - "
,New store
Alex. D c . hoiss= e,
" .IS JUSL Openetd next t ' L .a : t (;:wr n I
\V'h".rc ,t nil tinmes will he' f.:mtmd the fr .,'t s .janl fil,,! -. i-i ,f -:v . o. ' ,; :" .
(-4
G. LACOST-E,
-DEALER IN
SStoves, Harness, (Carr.acs
,and WACONS,
SManUfactnurer's agent for Valking and Riditg Cultivators, l)iCe IHarrow Leaver IDrag
.Harov, StalkCutter, Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
'Turning Plos, 'Ilay Rakes, Road Carts.
Corner of Jeffejson and Vermillion Streets, LAFAYETTeI LA.
ry
Ir
TV. BRAI)FORD,
Land Attorney, Surveyor, and .
Real Estate Agent.
Rayne, - . - Louisiana.
THIERE IS A STORE
:ON TITE SOUTHWEST
COR. COURT-IIOUSE
*SQUARE,
~here Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
I Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of \Viles
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices.
slso a few finc Groceries are to be had and some C
TIIIS PLACE IS OWNED BY ýý ý CLEG .
The Singer.
Sewing Machine.
Is "the best in the world. '.igh't 'auning, Durable, Noiseless, Simple.
J. CHARLES BAUDIER
General Agent For Lafayette W arsh.
ltt!e J, P. f31 lhr ,Shoe Store '.e
; -1~~5'i·r~s.. pci?
NOTICE
B. -
ro "T"ax:Pyas vYon .Immsovbae
Property.
Tax-payers of the priLh of Lafayettei will
take notice that" tax rail " for the year
S893 has been d-ted in py office, and ac
cording to section 34 af act 85 of [888, the
taxes on said immovable property are now
e due and collectible-and unless paid on or be
fore the 31st day of December, the same
will be collected as provided by law with
_ costs. I. A. BROUssADo, Sheriff.
Sheriff's Ofice. Sept. o0, 1893.
e Dr. E. J. Chachere,
DENT/ST.
SOffi:e next to bank building, LAxwA.rTTa, LA
For Sale or Rent.
!5o arpents. Land the nmost fertile.
Good reads. In close proximity to the city of
Lafayette, the.parish-seat. For further in
'I formation apply to
SL. 'NOLLIVE, Jeweller,
Lafayette, La.
,FOR SALE. -
"Valuable Town :Lots.
Lots Nos. 54, 195 and s18, situatedrin
the Mills addition, measuring 0ooxr4o'feet;
also improved property on Main street op
posite J. E. Martin's place. Terms reason
able. For further particulars apply to
TIHE GAZETTE.
BOSTON
Standard and Registerd.
Boston was sired by Baden-Baden, he by
Equity. Baden-Baden the sire of Boston is
a Kentucky derby winner. Boston will stand
the present season at Le Teche farm of Dr.
H. P, Guilbeau & Son, -at "Breaux Bridge, at -
$15 Cash for the -season, witht return privi
lege.
For Sale
A lot. 'nimnproved. in the to,n of Idtfnvette. next
to W,'ln. Cleg.'s reldtclce. -is ,ff-ed b.c sale at a
moderate pice. For turther iutfur;..tion apply at
Tl'h Gazette office, or to C:. H.-41IsALI.-,
Lafat-tte. La,.
Sidney Veazey,
I.|VERY AND FEIED
STABLE.
Linctln Ave.. Two Blacks fr-om D)cpt t
L.IF "7'ET7., : : : ; .4
First class rigs at rcas,,nablc piri-ces. Care
ful drivers furni.hedl when. r-eiuirel, judnl7 J
Journal of Educafioin,
Boston, Mass,
Is pthiliishc. uekly at Ss.5o a sy.ar, or 4rc5 fnr 6
nmtOStis. Mlany tf the tlc.t cu(uca:u ,-s n ti:e . ntin- t'-!
try -re rettlu r onnt.-il,,t-r. to ts r-,lurr.s.. It hita a
large an,tlt of ev-ery dav,. pra-ti-atl :tattcr for to"~
teachers of ail gradcs. Its re;-arttatc.ts trover .Ocry
branch of cduc:ation,-l s.nri . i
A fnur page tupplatorn t to tle [I t:". .ir i- plth
lished mtnonthly. co;nta:int th: N."vr \,rk Stat." rni
form Examno:tin s Qestlio,.s aldtl Anllswcl-.
TRIAL TRIP r nt.it, nsLtkon,
h T RPald i ll 'Id th e J,tf N . f.nr t
m.. . h:+... p tV, t<.id. S:t:atfl .- oli ,- .. . f. I
i0. :.P.- Gu.ILBEAU,
•tale . .CARENCFT, LRA.
roItar i bli~ c
tf will -AND
88, the ' Justice -of thePeace.
ow Careful and prompt attention giver to the
collection of bills, accounts, totes or drafts.
SSiele-nd purchase of land~iattcnded to. t-rg
crl0.
.[I. T. B. Hopkins
Ire, Havi gt-returned to Lafayette, of
fers his professional services to the
citizens of .this place and the sur
Tr, La rounding country.
Office:at former -esidence, and it
fertile. night and .-at 'Kennedy's old resi.
city of dence.
her in- C. DEBAILLON
Lawyer.
fi L pract/ice in Lafayelt, St.
Mary and ~rrmi.lion par shks, aA"
the S'greme and Federal Courts at
tede n Opslo-:s.as asd4 AVsE Orleans.
'feet; AAWT''. LA.
.t op
eason ZlG ER-Y,
ATE. N AD SALE Stable.
E. CONST'ANVIN,
Lafayette, La. Proprietor.
he by QTITY
"o , B 1E RY, LEONCE.SUIDRY,
F Dr. LAFAYETTE, 'LA. 'Proprietor.
ge, at
ivi- NUMA BROISSARD,
. CAB/IET MAKER AND
Ie ata
,ply at
. FURNITURE 'REPAIRING
OF AI.L KINDS.
Turning of Banisters, Scroll Banisters,
Fancy and Plain Mantels, Fancy Glars
Doors of all kinds, Braekets, etc., etc.
-Lafa'/yte, La.
•LAFAYETTE
BLACKSMITH,
WHEELWRiISIT AND SUPPLY SHOP.
11' Near 1Bank Building.
PHED. MOUT'ON, - - P-roprictor.
fr , 6 Lowest prices, consistent with wotrk doune.
n- x !! work pronptly attended to. Satisfaction
r ftr guaraitee:d.
- ALBE.T de la HlOUSSAYtE,
S1 KER CON FECTI(
Sr.ion r. .Lafayette, La.
H. C. SaiCes,
DENTIS'.s
()fi,' eon' lI .1ca!:an ttr-cc:t.
, , " . \ . / r " . 1 _ ". I t '.
F. . VOOI !ES,
: 7 / I . /_\ .'i / . I l it
- R. W. ELLiOT'r,
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
. . ""0 , Vt 'S .1 " .I it'.
) 1. -Yr rTTP.. LA.
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP,
ag /.inr',, at "., near .ip' ,t.
IOtJI V\'NI)ERGRIEF, Proprietor.
Ladict' mnd Cthildren' nttlrcutiag at Domicile
IE. Priollaud,
- Watcmaker
--<atsid-- -
Jeweler
and dealer fa
Lafayette, La.
Cash tells the story.
Come and see
Mouton Bros.,
GENERKAL
Merchandise
Lowest prices consistent
Swith quality of qoods.
H. L. Monnier,
DLea/cr It
Ceneral
Merchandise
Fresh Groceries always on hand.
"Old Taylor"' Whiskey.
A. M. MARTIN,
-AGENT FOR LAF1A'YETTE.
The "Old Taylor" iis the best
WVhiskey that experience, skill and
expenditure can produce. .t is the
.perSettion of disti i iai