S asnuoVtbe cutredwith WI llas
Taken internally.
K prs' - Co ,Proprs., Tleds, Q.
s'e a man intends to*ake of
ean2 erthigshe wil sloop
3:u Ye Era
Headaches
re are no people more miserable than
those-who-suffer from this trouble, and
T there are none more happy than those
who have'been oured by Hood's Barsa
- pearllla. Read below:
Speronarlly reoommend Hood's Sarsaparilla
to my friends because it has been of great bne
t t-o me. I have been sufferiug with dyspepesi
ad nervous headaches for everal years. Afte
- 0 other preprations without success, I
- oncluded to try Hood's- and am pleased to ms
I have been benefited more by Hood's Sarsapa
rlla, than by all other medicines combined. In
fact, it has cured me. I have also used it as a
• blood purifler with marked success. and I
Hood's ur_
ailso fid Hood's Pills very beneficial." D.
WreSTaxR BAxER, 28 South Penn St., York, Pa
Hood's Pill. cure Constipation by restoring
the peristaltio action of the allmentary canaL
"August
Flower"
Eight doctors treated me for Heart
Disease and one for Rheumatism,
but did me no good. I could not
speak aloud. Everything that I took
into the Stomrch distressed me. I
could not sleep. I had taken all
kinds of medicines. Through a
neighbor I got one of your books.
I procured a bottle of Green's Aug
ust Flower and took it. I am to-day
stout, hearty and strong and enjoy
the best of health. August Flower
saved my life and gave me my health.
Mrs. Sarah J Cox, Defiance, O. *
McELREES'
WINE OF CARDUI.
For Female Diseases.
Profitable
Employment
We want to engage the
services of an energetic
man or woman to repe
seat THE LADIES' HOME
JOURNAL. We offer em
ployment that will pay
far better than clerkships.
Send for circulars, Illus
trated premraium list, sam
ple copies and private
:terms to agents.
cRti8 PuISrnIwc eupocomAl
24 oseffn Sldg., Denier, cpe.
•s mea Ba
8-PUIFIB* *
Iboda
I -au
feet, second story is feet, of beua
ment 7 feet.
The foundation will be rubble stone,
16 inches thick. The siding will be
narrow O. G.; laid S2 inches to the
weather. The gables will be orna
amented with composition carving, and
square butt shingles.
The interior will be finished through
out with hard white plaster, soft wood
foors and trim. The stairway is to
have an ornamental newel post and
balusters. The kitchen and bath
room will be wainscoted. All of the
interior wood work will have the
grain filled stained to suit owner, and
finished with hard oil. The siding and
shingles will be painted yellow. Trim
mings and composition carving are to
be painted white,- three cost work.
All priming must be done just as soon
as the carpenter leaves the work and
all frames must be primed before be
ing set into their respective places.
The veranda and side porch floors and
eeiling are to be oiled.
The .sizes of the rooms are as fol
lows: Parlor, 12x123 feet; sitting
PLAN OF FIRST FLOOR.
room, 123x14 feet; dining-room, 193z
16 feet; kitchen, 12x121 feet; and
four chambers, one 1234014 feet and
three 10x12j~ feet. The pantry is
7x8 feet,bath-roosm tx7 feet, and all the
rooms ,ave large closets.
There is a laundry in the basement
as well as coal rooms, fruit rooms and
furnace room. The attie is floored for
a storage room. The size of the studs
are 2x4; floor joist, 2x10; roof rafters,
2x6; sills, 8x10.
The entire house is sheathed with
matched flooring, with building paper
between sheathing and siding.
The sitting and dining-rooms will
have fireplaces. The parlor and sit
ting-room are divided from the hall by
cased openings, and the sitting-room
and dining-room are divided by a large
sliding door.
The entire house is piped for gas and
furnace and wired for an electric bell.
The shingles on the roof will be of
the extra Star A Star kind, painted
,-,5
rLAN OF SECOPD )LOR.
two coats yellow uOuhr. The chimneys
are to be of lellow-pressed brick capped
with umooth sandstones.
All floors, including veranda and
porch, will be double, with tar ilMier
between them. No finished floor Ts to
be laid until all plhatering is done. All
doors will have five panels running
acroas the doors. All glass is to be
American double thlek. All window~
will be hung with weighte and pulleys.
The owner will funish art glass,
i elf hardwar, mantels and bathroom
urea. Ohoaea A. WV. Kxwr.
LENGTHENING LIFE.
What the Liberalt U ef Water wmIll
for ahklLd.
Dr. R. H. Dalton says that, although
to suggest that methodical use of cold
water as a beverage in the absence of
thirst as a means of augmenting the
chance of longevity may render-a man
liable to be dubbed a crank, if not a
lunatic, the idea has a soundly physio
logical origin and is well supported by
experience. Solid and dry as the hite
man body appears, water constitutes
more than one-fourth of its bulk, and
all the functions of life are really car
ried on in a water bath, and, although
the sense of thirst may be trusted to
call fo: a draught of water when is
quired, the fluid can be imbibed mOst
idvarntgeolsly Jfor many reasons be
sides merely satisfying thirst. In the
latter stage of digestion, when com
minution of the mass is incomplete, it
Is moh facilitated by a moderate
dria t oefwater, which Mstegrates
snd dissolves the contents of the satom
inh, ftting it for eminlgence and pe
puringit for assimilation. Hence" the
ibt of drinklng water in moderate
nttie between 0meals contributes
'w,,id t&, eani easte o she feet that
tboeewtaeo i ah; lt- resorts for the
~Purp af OI~bibing the watmles of
1~~~~
' * t meet of hire
" 8 quto:; Use B ettus Wkhese 1asks
Wil Be Usm Broke.e
-;etW4 an experiment by which yo
a-mar- wsome aie of a bottle whose
seeki broken. Pour oil into the bot
tde atil lit reaches the point at which
yu wish .itt it be cut clean through.
STbheanplae It eoen a table and plunge
.eiddoe ie.t i ont il a redhot poker.
.ou will hear a snap, and then per
eel.v that yourbottle is out regularly
ua o: a O etna.
through, level with the liquid which
it contains.
You will thus transform a btokel
bottle into a presentable vessel. A
notched glass may thus be trans
formed into a new one. By removing
each time a part of the oil and by cut
ting the bottle every time in the man
ner shown, you will get a series of
glass rings curious to behold.
A Homlemade Barometer.
*A larometer which is said to be re
liable may be made by filling a cbm
mon wide-mouthed pickle bottle to
within three inches of the top with
water. An ordinary olive oil bottle is
then inverted and placed within the
mouth of the pickle bottle as far as it
will go. In fine weather the water.
will rise into the neck of the flash
higher than the mouth of the pickle
bottle; in wet or windy weather it will
fall to within an inch of the inouth of
the flask. Before a heavy gale of wind.
and at least eight hours before the
gale reaches its height, the water has,
it is said, been seen to leave the flash
altogether.
A Big Shower oft Meteerites.
Of the 1i huge masses of meteoric
iron which fell -on a spot less than 64
square miles in area near Fort Duncan,
Mexico, the largest is Bde-hived shaped
and is buritd live feet in the soil and
tises four feet above the surface. The
second mass in point of size has been
moved to the National museum at
Washington. It weighs over 4,000
pounds. The other 19 pieces weigh
from 97B4 to 050 pounds. The whole
mass of fragments as menitioned above
are scattered over an area of 64 square
miles, witljFort Duncan at about the
center of the point of dispersion.
Bnararmanquina.
The name in the headline is that of
a new species of fibrotis imineral re
cently diatOvered by Senor H. Elvoy
Valenzuela in the United States of
Colombia. It has many of the remark
able properties of asbestos and i peeP
fectly transparent as well as incom
bustible. It can be reduced to pulp
and molded into light fire and water
proof boards and shingles for hduises.
The discoverer beliet'"that it is adapts
ed to paprmaking, and that it will.
hiso be used in the manufacture of car
pets and clothing.
Vegetation and Water.
Experiments ha"e shown that the
common sunflower exhales twelve
ounces of water in twenty-four hours.
Roots of all trees draw large quanti
ties of moisture from the soil, which is
discharged into the air through the
leaves. It is estimated that an oak
tree with 700,000 leaves would give off
something like 700 tons of water dur
ing the five months it carries its to
liage.
Sight the Time or Growth.
A scientific writer says that night is
the time which nature utilizes for the
growth of plants and annials; dhildiefi
grow more a-.pidil· dAiiing the night.
Ih the d vtihne the system is kept lbusy
lisposing of the wastes consequent on
activity, but while asleep the system is
free to extend its operations beyond
the mere replacing of worn-out parti
cles, hence the rapid groith. tis is
why invalids lied so much rest and
tleep.
A Convenient Fashion.
MLrs. De Fashion-Did you take the
Smedicine the doctotr ordefec2
Smnaill ainlghter--Yes, an' it was
horrid.
Mrs. De Fashion-Did you take a
spoonful?
Small Daughter--K-o; I took a fbili
ful. Spoons Isout of fasjhion, you know,
mamtiha.--Good News.
Too sacrerleges a Job.
Mr. Fastley (making a BSiid&y even
ing eall)-I understand Miss Kostick,
that yon are an expert tinind readef.
WVon't you please experiiment on me?
Miss K--E~ituse me, Mr. Fastley.
but I don't regard your mind as a
proper subject for Sunday reading.
Life.
It Made Hais Mouth Water.
Pedestrianating Pat (reading novel)
I wisht I had th' eyes of this gal wet
I'm readin' about.
Perambulatiig PEete-Why so?
iPedest-ianating Pat- About every
Other page it says sum.thin' about her
eyes bein' liquid.-Truth.
Weight ot the Ateel·hs6i'
The atmosphere weighs about a ton
to every squat. foot of the earth's surn
faEe, 9S,000,000 tons per square mile, or
t000,000,00,000,000 tons on the total of
u0e.000,000 square miles.
UaWterts
We oit can flattery '"soft ospR"
And this is the reason why:
We reatily detect in each.
The preemeee o~ the lye.
His Lsme.
Wills-I loaned Brown my new silk
ambrella Do you think he will lose $h
Wallace-Oh, no; you are the one
who'll lose it.--rooklyn Life,
Atewet o e pt
phed Ia~aof t thtsamb see oa .h
t ýed t bthen . draw th. alo atight
up ti etat the sahiliny Is rmdl olu
at eah end .of the othread en Pt on.
d e t heube a gilis tumbler with d -
fairlywide. ouoth. Rest your right
elbow en the table in a ftir te ofn easy
position ho as to ivoid any Slfthleu s t
youkiIho, hold the other end- of the
thread between your first finger and
the a"ball" of the thumb (o e., the
fleshy iop joint of the thumb) so that
thoe thumb rigil is undrmost, and ai
few itcheso above the - middle of the and
month of the glass.
Now, 'if -yo keep your hand quit. a
steady, the movement of the coin which
is haniging inside the tumbler Will be-,
come less and less until ththee shilling i
motionless. Then, in half an hnutesor
soo at ery wlight and regulandr ibrat eighon
will oc mmenceis the coin oscltinnearest hour.
from side to side like a end over again
graduaebertely icreasing the length ofexper
movement until it gently strikes -the
side of the glass. This strike goes on a
men the most reglar and utomation o
ay, fuencirst on one side of the glass and
then on th other, until, may, eightand
strokes have been strucck, the vibs I
tions of the coin theing diminish in
ength until the suspendby the pusehilling the
again bedoones motionless and hangs i
In the middle of the tumbler. Yothere
ook at your watoh and braind that eight
'chrealok is the nearest hour.t in any
I have tried this over and inter again.g to
deliberately setting about the experisons
met oithot bsins ular any intention of
Influencing the swiung of the colti, and
tso being ignorant of the time, and
n enombay hand has ben steady the
right time has invariably been struck.
Theted is something vry iots.uio
about this phtendeomenod Whether theis
thresd is influenced by the pulse in thel
"bast." of the thumb, r whether there
is some Qncolsllols transferende of
"intenti Jon" from the brain to the
thread, I do not know; but in any case
the matter is sufficiently interesting to
be worthy of a-critical test by persons
ho. ill cSPENCrefull. P.id withut biars
cairy out this singular expeit takriment of
telim a dayg the time.-ondon Tid-itr. Spen
ENGLISH ARISTOCRACY.
nstin Cts CAMPBELL has turned upneatness.
In Bombay as a counselor employed to
defend te t senined yoiohammedy new
implicated in the great yiots.
PROF. CUribbl , er . D., to whom r.
Gladstone has tendered a baronetcy, is
an eminent Irish physician and a pro
fessor in the ueen's college ats-Bel
fast. His daughter married a son of Sir
Charles Russell.
Sun Jo't GLADsroNE, nephew of the
grand old man, is described as a tondll
brosd-shoulddtud young gianit. as
deult a conservat of gootive as his thncle is
the reverse, snd one of the most efor
tensive whisky distillers in Scotland.
R. C. SPENCER. Al. P., wears collars
tour inches high, probably the highest
on record. They are man airsde from a
special pattern. neve- stand Men's thaii
oil or two waschild toand it takes thas muee
of them a day to satisfy Mr. Spencer's
instincts of neatness.
gM jLES.
Sforget to send yolight over my new
bothek of poems. I-" "How tliHigit
ful of others' stuoipfot you always are,
Mr. Scribbler."
"Wstor don't you strike the man across
the street for a uarteer? Raggs-"I'ves.
been salooitin' two is nours to necesse i he
wont core oever this in ) sBn
"Mn. LONOTALK is doing a -wonder
ful amount of good amonud lithe oor
ome rwy or on-edpeopn-lawe." "In what way?"rp
"lYe, preaches sermons long enough for
them to get a good re freshing sleep
A COWARDLY dog is always showing his
teeman th.-Ranm's Horn.ms Hor
Tin IPclkockge~t' motto is 'tiiich tnd go."
SPonAmirrfe when a man airs his views he
raises a breeze.-Lowell Courier.
Cost in events cst their shadows whether
they ever come or not.-Young Men's trr.
Tsrirr1ha a child to 4o wrong is as much
a sin as shooting at a man with a gun.
We forget the sunlight when we notice
the shadow.-Ram's Horn.
TAKING the stump does not always mean
that a candidate for oince has got at the root
-4f matters.
Tben ON." Metie-"Ho o ownsisagreeably thisr
sistorent " summer acquaintance b"oss saysdo,
"Ta sentencebar is thanot neessarl a bar ofd
sOId a Welsh ud" o'd like to a oor criminal
come it may son-in-rove a wa" Mr. Htord yu.e
VYeT sir; ensible myou can ayoumrdt wi t.d-Broit
that he wans a fool lam's Horweelk
PRond xaELe few people take so o ep
the h Iteactive e Drn. Ihe rcunes]P -
havet.oin. order tof beeherd aboer Sie
Pck.t
---2 "-
-yl -~rYc.P9 f~~~r
Ww~BAse~f
- -Ks
that makes- the deli
cious biscuit, griddles
cake and doughnut.
not rs potent in pol0cs as they might be,
there is no deoinggthat the farmer withl
his heavy boots o3dh has qits pUlL
Sulo Goouger
r a re teo aSha
Dr. $ goimn * .-St. Pul. Mimi., will
mall trial B ika of S"eb a 's Asth
mCre" free to any sufirer loed rtij-es
by giving it'way. Never ails to give K
staat relief in worst eases aend ures where
others fail. Name this aer n nd ad
dress for a free trial psac
as BRoney of Hrehound and Tar re
lieves whooping eough.
Pike's Toothmche Drops Cure in oue minute.
Arns a short season in the blacksmith's
mands mpaall g a Wvan wheel nows what it
is ti have that tired oe lini#. - Buffal
Courier.
Fos ]BaOxIAC and ]Pulmonary COam
plaints " Brown's Bronchial -5roches hav
great curative properties. Ian bores.- 25 at.
A MAX is much like a razor, hecausa you
can't tell how sharp he can be until he is
completely strspped.--Siftings.
A cans for nearly all the common ills
Take Beecham's Pills.- For sale by all
druggists. 25 cents.
"'Tli lst thing O ddid Wtas to kiss
me." 't should think it would be t"-Life.
It Cosmes rEvery Week- Onlay $1.75 a Vear.
Something of special interest and value for every member of the family will be given every week
during 1894. Full Illustrated Announcements for the 68th Volume, with SpecimeaCopies, Fret.
Famous Contributors
Prof. Henry Drummaond. - The Duke of Argyll - Sir Kobt. Stawell Ball. - Lady Jeunne
Henry M. Stanley. - Archibald Forbes. - W. Clark Russell. - Bret Harte.
Sir Arclibald Gelkle. - Gen. Wesley Merritt. - H. H. Boyesen. - Mary A. ULvermorO
Marion Crawford. - Prank R. Stockton.'- J. M. Barrie:
Important Features for 1894.
Nine Serial Stories. Capital Short Stories. Sea Adventures.
too Adventure Storesa Household Articles: ,Health and Hygiene.
Practical Advice to Students. Over 70o Large Pages. Popular Science Articles.
Illustrated Weekly Supplements. The Best Illustrations. Charmling Children's Page.
Double Holiday Numbers at Thanksgiving, Christmas and New Year's. Free to each Subscriber.
IS we net his ppreMtil Colored ture..weet Charit. meet be seen The f
S8 to be aplateepatOd. Its tie.tnes of eoloring eommands latant
attention. Its subject is a young lady of Colonial times. There
is not a home that the picture will not ornauint. Siae 14% z 21
Chari , ,. . inches. It will be sent to all new subscribers to The Ceap. o ear
5IaII " who will cut out this offtter and send It with 51.15 for a years of the _ ea
- subscription. and in addition the paper will be sent Free to
.0s 16894 and for a ftol ear from that date to Jan.. 1895. (a)
THE YOUTH'S COMPANION. Columbus Avenue, Boston. Mass.
S
a No
oWonmtr want NO OTHER.
GROVE'S TASTELESS CHILL TONIC.
SIt rl as pleasant to thtaste as lemon
`t i est infant will take t and
Childn try ý.fol i[
Chills once broken will not retufl.
Cost you only half th-price of othe
',`No quinine needed. No purgatiye
ft U' .h. nf,. a rove au1
it s as large as atly 6l MAr nd
RETAILS FOR so CENTS.
le I"srd row# .. :10
]rA U ° P IS rEIC CO, ST. IL &O
!ntsO PAis. TN s OTHE R
Plenm oend me three dose o lrot Oalts efmo
lea hin Tonic . plead th the lotrm
Srouea t pmmne. Tbe people wrex delahted with
Cise donr Chell Tonic to ome ehtdro who
.ff pal .ewtýt and eeate d. haelnm had
Soesrout Oe il y bltr.mon m i one of other
Lr aind within three wee . ntn. r w·ria· rlth
!'ý' Cht lll Tonlic tse w hale .iiA k the w rd
aNdo chk. qnn aneede.c No urgat1
4AHUFACTR.D BY PARIS MEDICINE CO., ST. LOUIS, O.
l ORMCRLY OF PAR1S, TENN.
oruatume b epl eedlyodwt
ARE YOU SICK P
DR. saTAT. a Nla o. m ephmk. Tenan.,
treats Catarrb. A*nbma, trobhltts. Dyspepdla.
Chronic ConsUpatlo. Dysentery, Pies, Rheum
atism. Malaria, Byphlis. etc., by ms. for
s.60 PUR MoNTE.,
Including a malselaes. Waite fr symptom
blanks. 4. W. JTArT , r . D,,.
odd Faellows aIlas . mempb., We-.
dPi
A 4.us-sv
m 6 '4
r>.
1 - -··
/.o' mons onpe
..::.·A de A SuE · f ::
IiFOR YOUNG FOLKS ,
Both THE CENTURY ( . rear) and ST. NICHOLAS 3 .00uiyar) err
by The CeiwMy Co.. East 57th St.. New Port. All dealers aaJ the jN es 7 e
,,rcsps~~tiemi. New subscribems sould gif with Nows,6r.ArsNjlrq(SW&NEraSJ:
ib··· ·
Iilk
The Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, OF ROXBURY, MASS..
Has discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston.
A benefit is always experienced from
the first bottle, and a perfect cure is war
ranted when the right quantity is taken.
When the lunge are affected it causes
shooting pains like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowers. This is caused by the ducts being
stopped, and always disappears in a week
ifter taking it.
If the stomach is foul or bilious It will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
NO'change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Read the Label. Send for Book.
Unlke the Dutch Prcess
No 4lkalies,
-03
BAKER A CO.'S
I mit mArrowroot o
R na Jta morE
It is a e
O ele by mroer r w~a rwi se.
CwW'osu. ý' " wo'°'s