Stebsir'ion Pr'e, $rPer Year
Mrs.'m. Kelly is visiting rela
tives is =Alexandria.
J. O:. Bourdier, of Breaux Bridge,
was seen in our streets Thursday.
Dr. Syvester's Condition Powder a sure
rte+$entite for charbon ind glanders.
Sold by D. V. Gardebled. n 14.
Mrs. J G Parkerson and daughter
Miss Lizzie, are visiting relatives
in San Antonio, Texas.
Fine razors' at Biossat's jewelry
stoie.
Mass Mane Revillon left Friday,
for Lake Arthur, La., where she
will spend some time.
Judge O. C. Mouton and wife
visitedrelatives and friends in Grand
Coteau this week.
P. L. DeClouet was in town
Wednesday, and paid us a visit.
Dr. Sylvesters Miss Josie Liniment
for horses and mules is the best. Cures
swellings, ulcers, ringbone, spavin.
A most enjoyable party was given
at the home of Mrs. P. Rlu last
Sunday night. "
The picnic to be given last Sun
day was postponed on account of
the rain until to-morrow.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Reeves left
last Monday for Beaumont, Texas,
their future home.
If you want to enjoy comfort at
small cost, keep flies and mosqui
toes out by getting door and
window screens from Moss &. Mou
ton.
Mr. Leopold Lacoste made a flying
trip t. Carencro last Monday, on
business.
Our young friend, George Pef
ferkorn, went to Opelousas Wed
hesday and returned Thursday.
Dr. Joe Martin of St. Martinsville
was the.guest.of Dr. G. A. Martin
Sunday.
Attention is ealled to the New Orleans
Daily States Cigar, named after that great
iewspaper, the Daily States of New Or
leans. They are being sold in large quanti
ties throughot this section. n 14.
Use Dr. Sylvester's Specific for hots,
'colic and tympanites in horses and mules.
Once tried you will have no ".ther. The
very best testimonials furnished on applica
tion at Gardebled's. n 14.
Felix Voorhies, now of the Caren
cro Union gin, spent Sunday in La
fayette.
Miss Dora Domengeaux, of
Breaux Bridge, is in town visiting
friends and relatives.
Mrs. Edgar Richard, of Breaux
Bridge, was the guest of Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Richard this week.
Bro. Lee Begneaud, of the Breaux
Bridge Valley, was in town Sunday
and Monday.
Our young friend Jim Marsh,
went to Carencro Tuesday on busi
ness.
Mrs. F. Jagou, after an extended
visit to her son, Mr. H. Jagou, left
for her home in New Orleans last
Tuesday.
Misses Stella and Haydee Trahan,
Mr. Baxter Clegg, and I)rs. Raoul
Trajan and Felix Girard, attended
the ball given at Franklin on May z.
Jos. Plonsky, agent, has just received
from one of the largest .neck-wear manu
facturies in the East an immense and well
selected assortment of scarfs, four-in-hands,
and bows. All in the latest styles and
colors. Also a full line of dry goods and
notions, gents', ladies' and children's shoes,
clothing, hats and gent's furnishing goods.
n 14.
Miss Cecile Pucheu, of Rayne,
passed through Lafayette Sunday,
on her way back home from an ex
tended visit to Opelousas.
Thos. McGeorge, the genial
agent for Bradstreet's Mercantile .
agency of New Orleans, was in
Lafayette this week.
Miss Florence Sontag, of Lafa
yette, is the guest of relatives and
friends here for a few days.
Breaux Bridge Valley.
Miss Louise Bendel, after a pleas
ant visit here with her sister Mrs.
Sig Cahn, returned Thursday to
her home in Lafayette.-Morgan
City Review.
Our townsman, B. Falk, one of the most
prominent merchants of our town, had a
jersey cow very sick. Gave it Dr. Sylves
tcr's Specific and it was relieved in the
space of half an hour. Sold by V. V.
;ardebled. n 14.
Dr. Sylvester's Specific for bots, colic
and tympanities in- horses and mules is the
best remedy that medical science has ever
discovered. For sale by D. V. Gardebled,
druggist. n 14.
The Rayne String Band was in
towin Thursday and discoursed sweet
music. They were on their way
back home from Opelousas, where
tdey had gone to play for a dance
*Wednesday evening .
Mr. Leoplod Lacoste lost his
pocket-book last Saturday contain
ing eighty dollars, andti found it
Monday with twenty-seven dollars
'hertz
S ,. l --Made's as-t' for; :the
Ne.i Q. rlen pally States. Get it so c.
clgat for 5c. n14.
Mr. Chas. Jennaro and wife of
Abbevilie, arrived iztown Monday.
Mr. Jennaro will establish a first
class shoe-shop here, and we wish
himn success, as it is a thing badly
needed.
Send, your watches, clocks and
jewelry for repairs by mail or ex
press to Biossat, the reliable watch
maker and jeweler.
Mr. J. Nickerson of Lafayette is
here visiting his daughter, Mrs. C.
K. Darling. Mr. Nickerson says
that he has a cane shaver which he
made himself at a cost of five dol
lars and is as good as a ninty dollar
machine.-Vermilion Star.
Subscribe for The Gazette.
If you want to carry the correct
time, have T. M. Biossat to repair
your watch.
Egg Shipment.
Agent Davidson informs The Ga
zette that o029 cases of eggs were
shipped from here duing the month
of April.
Dr. Sylvester's Specific for bots, colic
and tympanites in horses and mules has no
equal. T. P. Caillouet had a horse with a
most severe case of colic. He cured with
Dr. Sylvester's Specific. He would not be
without the medicine. Ask him about it
and be convinced. For sale by D. V.
Gardebled. n 14.
Fruit Prospects.
We are informed by Mr. J. C.
Couvillon, that the fruit crop of
peaches, plums and pears, on his
place near Carencro, will be abun
dant. He reports, also, that so far,
crops are all that can be expected.
An Accident.
We are sorry to learn of the sad
accident which has befallen Miss
Louisa Broussard. While out rid
ing last Wednesday, the horse took
fright, and she, in trying to jump
out of the buggy, broke her leg.
Dr. Mudd attended the unfortu
nate young lady.
Institutes.
A very successful institute under
the management of Prof. B. C.
Caldwell of the State Normal, has
just closed at Abbeville. This sum
mer Lake Charles has secured the
State institute for Southwest Louis
iana.
The New Orleans Daily States Cigar
meets with popular favor. A real good
cigar. All like them. Sold by P. Dema
nade. n 14.
Excursion to Lake Charles.
Hope Hook and Ladder Co. No.
x, of Opelousas, will give an excur
sion from Washington to Lake
Charles on Sunday May 12. The
following is the schedule and fare:
FARE LEAVES
Carencro.... .$2.oo ......8:40
Lafayette..... x.75 ......9:oo00
Scott.......... .75 ...... 9:z5
Duson........ .50o .....9:2o
Returning, train leaves Lake
Charles at 6 o'clock p. m.
A Woman Arrested.
Thursday afternoon a mulatto
woman named Emma Bernard of
Abbeville was jailed by Sheriff
Broussard for the theft of $zoo
from a white man named Charlie
Harrington of Vermilion. T he
warrant for her arrest was sworn
out before Judge McFadden. Just
before her arrest the woman at
tempted to change a hundred dollar
bill at Moss Bros', and this led to
her arrest, as Sheriff Bioussard had
her under surveillance. The money
was recovered.
The New Orleans Daily States Cigar is
all hand-made and imported tobacco.
Hence is the best 5 cents cigar on the mar
ket to-day. Try it and you will like it.
Sold at P. Demanade's. n x4.
Social Affair.
A very enjoyable and successful
party was given at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Reeves last Sat
.urday night. Too much praise
cannot be given our friend Jim
Marsh for artistic decorations, as
nothing was left out to make this
affair a success. Amongst those
who participated, were: Mesdames
Aug. Maitte, F. Pointboeuf, E.
McDaniel, . G. Lisbony, F. Hill,
J. C. Reeves, Misses 1. Pefferkorn,
L. and I. Lester, A. Raggio, I. and
A. Ledet, M. I.isbony, L. and I.
McDaniel, C. Breaux, F. Eves, Ida
and Della Hill, Messrs. C. Harn
ish, H. Fontenot, R. Horaist, J.
and G. Pefferkorn, J. Mitchell, N.
Furlong, L. and L. Chapin, VW.
Lange, S. Villit, J. WVeigel, C.
Pointboeuf, A. J. Cooksie4 E.
Delas, J. B. and A. Coumes, T. IM.
and WV. Eves, J. W. Eves, J. E.
Reeves, E. Bertrand, F. Ledet,
A. Maitre, E. Hill, J. S. Raggio,
J. Marsh, Chas Broussard, Willy
Elmer, R. Pellerin, C. T. Bienvenu,
E. Pellerin, Louis Lacoste.
Dr. Sylvester is a veterinary surgeon of
great repute, having been house surgeon of
the principal hospitals in America. Hence
the value of his nmedicines for sale at D. V.
3atdebled's. n 14.
Job Work neatly and promptnly
do~ne at this oflicew
Carelncro News.
Prof. C. F. Latiolais, with the assistance
of a number of friends, who feel an interest
in the public school of this place, con
tributed an amount suai clent far thq pur
chase of a large and valuable chart for the
use of his pupils.
Cards are out for the marriage of Dr L B
Arcenaux and Miss nmita Vautrot, which
win take place at the Catholic church of
Church Point, La., on Thursday, May and,
895 at 9 a. m. Dr Arcenaux is the son of
an old and highly respected citizen of our
parish; and was for a long time a popular
citizen of Carencro, leaving here to practice
medicine at Church Point, in which commu
nity he occupies both an enviable and hon
orable position. Our congratulations.
It-is our painful duty to announce the
death of Mr Valery Guilbeau, which oc
curred at his residence near Carencro on
Saturday April the 27th at 9 a. m. He was
68 years of age At the time o5f his death.
In 1849 he married Miss Corinne G(uidry,
whom he leaves a widow. He was the
father of eleven children, two of whom
passed away before him, one being Dr
Felix Guilbeau, an eminent physician of
Grand Cotean. Of the children still living
may be mentioned Mrs Adeline Durio and
Mrs Adam Guidroz of Arnaudville; Dr Benj
Guilbeau of Sunset; Mrs Voorhies, Mrs
Ernest Guilbean, Mrs Alonzo Guilbeau, and
Miss Laure Guilbeau of Carencro; Mrs A
Vatter of Lake Charles, and Mr N Guilbeau.
He was a brother to Dr H Guilbeau, and
Hon A I Guilbeau of Breaux Bridge, add
Prof Adolphe Guilbeau of our place. He
leaves one sister, Mrs A Broussard. He had
a wide relationship extending through the
parishes of Lafayette, St. Landry, St Mar
tinville, and Calcasieu.
Mr Guilbeau was State representative in
1853, and occupied the position of tax-col
lector for the parish of Lafayette during the
war.
He was born and raised in this parish,
was a gentleman of the old Creole school,
admired and esteemed by all. Was a loving
husband, and most kind and considerate
father, as well as a true and faithful friend.
He died a devout member of the Catholic
faith.
Miss Lizzie Martin of Lafayette, was in
town the early part of this week, the guest
of her sister, Mrs Maurice Francez.
For the second time within one week
death has made its appearance and removed
from our midst one of our oldest and most
respected citizens. Mr Ursin Cormier died
on April 24th at the advanced age of 77
years; his wedded life extending through a
period of 5o years and z6 days. He leaves
a widow, eight children, 47 grand children,
and two great grand children, a large num
ber of relatives, and a host of friends to
mourn his loss. Mr Cormier was the oldest
son of Mr Pierre Cormier, who donated the
land on which the Catholic church stands;
and sold to F C Malin that portion of the
town of Carencro known at one time as "St
Pierre." Ile was a native of this parish,
and always led an active life. He was a
successful planter. In politics he was a
staunch democrat, in religion a strict
Catholic. Ills remains were interred in the
Carencro Catholic Cemetery.
The rain this week, came just in time, as
our farmers were commencing to become
alarmed at the long dry spell.
Mrs. C. Micaud's store was entered by
burglars on the night of April 26th and a
quantity of goods stolen. The miscreants
had better study Carencro history before
making another such attempt. It might
prove benm'ficial to their health.
Sheriff Broussard was in town'last Sun
day.
If the times, aitd business generally was
ever duller than now, we would like to
know when it was.
Mr. G. L. Singleton, one ofour,prominent
sugar planters, was a visitor in town on Sun
day.
Remember that the admission to the
skating rink is fred. There is a small charge
of so cents per hour for the use of the
skates. The booth under the charge of
Miss Ophelia Broussard, where ice cream,
cake, and lemonade are sold at the very low
est prices, is almost as attractive as the
rink itself.
We were pleased to greet Mr. Ernest
Guilbeau in Carencro last Sunday.
The loss and recovery of the registration
books, seem to have turned out to be a sort
of "*double edged knife".
The Melchior cottage is being repaired
and painted.
The erection of the buildings for the Ca
encro Tannery Company will commence
next week, and tanning will be started im
mediately on their completion.
Mr. AC Guilbeau, our popular and es
teeraed citizen, W1as in Lafayette on Tuesday
last.
Mr. L Lacoste of Lafayette was in Caren
cro this week the guest of Mr S Broussard
and family.
Dr. Sylvester's Condition Powders cures
hidebound yellow water, mange, and puts
your stock in fine condition. Try it. Sold
by D. V. Gardebled. n I4.
A Circulatiing Library.
A circulating library is one of the
special needs of all communities.
By this means all the best works
can be placed in the hands of each
at a very small cost. It not only
enables those who enjoy reading to
gratify their taste, but educates
others to habits of reading, and thus
increasesthe sum of literary culture
in a town. There are many, no
doubt, who would gladly join in
such a library, and it is to be hoped
that some public spirited person will
take the project in hand, and carry
it to a successful conclusion.
Bucklen's Arnica Salve.
TiE BEST SALVt.in the world for Cuts.
Bruises, Sores, Ucers, Salt Rheum, Fever
Sores, 'Tetter, Chapped Hnrtds, Chilblains,
Corns, and all Skin Eruptions, and positively
cures Piles, or no pay required. It is
gu'ranteed to give perfect satisfact or
money refunded. Price 25 cents per nox.
For slt b,yAVm. Clegq.
Duson Dots.
Our surrounding neighborhood has
been visited with a good April
shower, cisterns had not become
empty nor dry but the ground had,
and work was almost at a stand still.
The Duson Tenipefance Society
is steadily advancing in number
and in power. All saloons have
been closed in our ward, but its evil
lies, not in the saloon, it lies in us,
its life is in the man, the consumer.
Every educated man means one
customer less for the saloon, so we
beg the temperance society to help
us along the educational line.
Brother Thomas Webb - and son
of Lafayette, visited Bethel Sunday
School on the third Sunday on
April. We gave them a harty wel
come, and in return~they praised
Bethel and her workers. Our
school is in good working order,
but we are striving for more than
that. We appreciate a beautiful
name, butmore so t he intellectual
qualities. Bethel will send two del
egates to the Louisiana State Sun
day School Association, which will
convene at take Charles.
Mrs. Preston Hoffpauir and
daughter visited Lafayette one day
last week. Their visit proved to
be profitable as well as a pleasure.
A. J. Clark has been confined to
his room for several days, on ac
count of an accident - which hap
pened to him while driving a young
horse. The horse became fright
ened at a dog and in :some unac
countable way, upset the sulky,
threw his master to the. ground, in
flicting several severe bruises on his
face, shoulder, and arm.
A social party was given in
honor of Miss Budreau at the resi
dence of Mr. William Harnson,
Friday evening.
Messsrs. Servat, Green, Barlis and
Walker made a business trip to La
fayette Monday.
A stranger was on our streets Sat
urday, and d&pects to purchase
some of the eighteenth section,
owned by the Windson and Jones
heirs. We hope to see him suc
ceed, and become a worthy citizen
of Lafayette parish.
POTATO DIGGER.
DIED.
It is our sad duty to announce
the death of little Marie Irine Ro
bichaud, the infant daughter of
Aladin and Amelie Robichaud.
Death is always sad, but never more
than when it in"ades the home and
bears away an innocent child. To
the bereaved parents, The Gazette
extends its deepest sympathy.
On May Y, Mrs. Belzire Bernard,
wife of Jules Guidry, of Scott, died
at the age of 52 years. The Ga
zette extends sincere sympathy to
the husband in his great loss.
Police Jury Proceedings.
LAFAYETTE, LA., April 29, 1895.
The Police Jury met this day in regular
session with the following members present:
J. G. St. Julien, C. C. Brown, A. D. Lan
dry, H. M. Durke, J. W. Broussard, Alf.
A. Delhomme and Alf. Hebert. Absent:
R. C. Landry.
The president being absent the secretary
called the meeting to order and by motion
duly made, Mr. J. G. St. Julien was chosen
president pro tem.
The minutes of the previous meeting were
read and approved.
On motion it was ordered that the secre
tary be authorized to rebind the index book
as per bid of M. F. Dunn & Iro.
Mr. J. E. Langlinais that having received
no satisfactory bid for the rebuilding of St.
Julien's bridge, he had repaired same at
slight expense. Mr. Langlinnis was con
tinued on the committee.
Messrs. Alcide Judice and L. G(. Breaux,
here appeared and asked for an appropri
ation to erect a suitable public school house
at Scott, there being at present no such
building for the purpose. By motion duly
made the sum of $2oo was appropriated for
said purpose and made subject to the order
of Messrs. Judice and 3reaux.
By motion duly made it was resolved that
Messrs. O. C. and J. Mouton, attorneys, be
and are hereby instructed to have issued ex
ecution of judgment, in suit of Parish versus
Numa Schayot, and take all other step ne
cessary in securing satisfaction of said judg
ment according to law
By motion duly made it was resolved that
Sheriff and tax-collector I. A. Broussard be
and is hereby instructed to proceed forth
with to the collection of all licenses due the
parish of Latayette in those sections known
as the ]louton, McComb and Mlills' addi
tions for the years xs93, 1894 and 1895.
Mr. Gustave l)uhon, here appeared and
requested payment for land expropriated for
public road. The matter was referred to
the member of the 2d ward.
Messrs. Wmin. Clegg and R. C. Greig were
appointed a committeC to advertise and
receive bids, for painting the court house,
two coats outside and one inside. The jury
reserves the right to reject any and all bids.
MIr. Delhomme was authorized to adver
tise for bids for building a bridge at Martin
Begnaud's place.
The secretary was authorized to have
framed all roal maps in Police Jury records.
By motion Mr. Faustin Vincent was al
lowed to pay a half license as Peddler, for
1894, he having conductdd business one
half year.
Mr. Brown was autlhorized to purchase, a
car load of bridge lumber for the 6th ward.
The following petition was read and re
ferred to drainage committee of the 6th
ward consisting of Messrs. IHomer Durio, V.
E. Dupuis and Numa I)reaux.
CARENCRO MARCH, 26, 1895.
To the Presidernt and Mlembers ,of the Police
fjrury, Parish ,f Lafayrette.
GENTI.EMF.':-We the undersigned resi
dents of the 6th ward of said parish, would
most respectfully call the attention of your
honorable blody to the following facts.
The public road recently traced front
Carencro to 1rcaux Bridge runs through a
certain "'Marais Cipal" which had been
th.uroughlly draind when the road w.u.
tr.tced. But soime obstructiokns ha.s bcal p~tr
In the drain north of the road which ren
ders it impassable after an ordinary rain,
and we fear that after a protracted rain it
may remain so for months.
The dead water which remains on the road
and in the fields is also very detrimental to
the health of the residents in the immediate
vicinity. We therefore pray that you wall
take steps to have some outlet for this water,
or have the said obstructions removed at your
earliest convenience.
Hoping this will receive your favorable
attention, we remain yours respectfully,
E. M. Connally, E. G. Villere, Albert
Guilbeau, A. Breaux, Jno. Connally, E.
Connally, F. Abbadie, Elie Bernard, Felix
Bernard, I-ervillien Bernard, Vve. Eugenic
Abbadie, J. G. Abbadie.
The following indigeints were allowed
$12.50 each': Alphonse Delhomme, 3aptis e
George, Malvina DeBiencoeur.
Antoine Broussard was appointed member
of the dirantage corin.iittee of the 8th ward,
instead of'Jno. Landry removed.
In the matter of justice and constable
fees presented by Judges Meaux and Pri
meaux,and their constablestfor costs in civil
suite for nonperformance of road duty, the
secretary was instructed to communicate
with Dist. Atty. M. T. Gordy and forward
him the original accounts for the purpose of
obtaining information in reference to the
criminal prosecution of parties defendant in
suits.
The Treasurer submitted, his monthly re
port as follows:
To the President,ý and Aheters of t/he Police
Jury Parish' of Lafayette, La.
GENTLEMEN:-T'he following is a state
ment of receipts and disbursements of parish
funds since last report.
DR.
Feb. 25 '95, to bal. on hand......... ..f4002 37
Mch. 2, to amt. from tax collector,
parish taxes collec'd in Feb..... o1053 39
Mch. 2, parish licenses collected in
Feb. for 1895 .......................... 70 00oo
April 8, parish licenses collected in
March 1895.............................. 265 oo
April 8, parishes taxes collected in
March for 1894............................. 312 20
$5782 96
cR.
March, 9 1895, by balance school
appor't................................. ........... oo oo
April 8 1195 amt. 5 per c. Com. to
Tax coil........ ................... 85 og
April 27 5895 amnt on app'd order 1830 5o
"* "'6 "" on jurars certi'f..... 393 40
a a " 6 " Witness " 5 00
$3313 53
To balance on hand'$2469 43.
Respectfully Submitted.
WM. CLEGG.
Parish Treasurer.
Lafayette, La., April, 29, 189g.
The following accounts were approvedi
Aleda Primeaux, feeding jury............$ 6 50
Bernard & St Julien, nails etc......... 6 90
J. E. Primeaux, justice fees........... 13 50
Aurelian Patin, coroner's juror...... 2 60o
L. G. Breaux, coroner's juror........... 2 6o
Joseph Hebert, coronier's juror.... 2 60
Hervillien Blanchard, coroner's ju
ror.................................................. 2 66
Alfred Chargois, coroner's juror...... 2 10
J. E. Langlinais, repair on bridge.... 2 50
H. J. Mouton, road notices................ 14 do
Alex Meaux, justice fees (civil)....... 90 o0
F. A. McFadden, justice fees......_... 25 60
E. Comeau, constable fees civil........ :5 60
W. B. Bailey, M. L. Lyons, Edward
Pellerin, J. C. Buchanan, Leo Don
cet, and V. E. Dupuis, jury commis
loners each........... ............................. 5 oo
W. B. Bailey, clerk's fees on polls.. 22 oo
W. B. Bailey, clerk's fees (interdic
tion)................ ............ 17 70
H. Billeaud, 2 cords wood. ........... 4 00
Aurelien Patin burying Lee Escobal 6 o00
H. M. Durke, labor on Broussad
bridge ............. ............ 15 00
Alcide Judice, 2 kegs of nails ........... 8 00
Alfred H-Iebert, blankets buckets etc 27 o00
R. L. McBride, repair of bridges..... 5 15
H. Billaud, feeding prisonors 2
m onths ............... ........................ 267 50
H. M. Durke, freight on material.... 8 1o
O. C. & J. Mouton, attorney fees.... 250 oo
E. H. Vordenbaumen, lumber etc.... 430 82
A Cheffe, lnmber ............-............. ..... 70 15
R. C. Greig, secretary's salary.......... 30o o
There being no further business the Police
Jury adjourned.
T. G. ST JULIEN, Pres. pro tem.
R. C. GREIG, Secretary.
U. C. V's.
A meeting of Gen. Frank Gardner camp
No. 580 of U. C. V's was held at the court
house in Lafayette on Saturday, April, 27,
1895, 18 members answered to roll call.
The minutes of the previous meeting were
read and approved. J. S. Mouton, A. T.
McBride, Etienne Mouton and J. A. Laneu
ville joined the camp, and signed the roster.
The letter of Gen. Geo. Moorman was read
and ordered printed with the minutes. The
letter of the adjutant to Mrs. Gardner in
forming her of her election as sponsor of the
camp, and her letter accepting the title,
were read and ordered spread upon the
minutes and published. The adjutant and
treasurer were requested to purchase a
record book for the camp. Mrs. Gardner
through C. Debaillon offered as a present
to the camp the picture and arms of the
Cate Gen. Gardner, which were received
with thanks, and it was ordered that a con
mittee composed of the ,:aptain, adjutant,
treasurer and comrade C. D)ebaillon, be re
quested to receive the same and find a suit
able place for the safe keeping of the sacred
relics. Comrades A J Moss and WVm Clegg
were selected as delegates to represent our
camp at the grand session of U C V's at
Houson, Texas on May 22, 23 and 24, 1895,
and Arthur (ireigatnd A Lisbony as alter
mates.
The adjutant was requested to make
requisition at head quarters for cards
for use of members who wish to attend
the annual session.
Comrade I S Mouton was elected seargent
major of the camp. The proceedings were
ordered printed in both local papers. The
camp then broke ranks to meet again on
May 18, IS95, at I o'clock a. m. sharp at
the court house.
J. C. BUCHANAN. Capt. Comirnding.
D A COCIRANE, Adjutant.
New ORI.nEAN. LA.. APFRtII. Tit ,89e.
AnDJ'. D. A. COCH-RANE.
GuN. FRANK GAatLOSO. Camp. No. 580. U. C: V.
SLAFAYe"FTTE, A.,
Mv T)RAR CORADE.--The roster, application,
membership fee t,.c., and capita to ct. for each
member of Gen. Frank'Oarducr camp of lafayettc.
La., is received with thanks. The cnmp is accepted
and nsumbered 5So in the U. C. V's.
Your charter will be sent in due time. The gene
ral commanding wslcome with pride and plcasulre
the gatllntVctera,.s of fGea. Frolck Garner Camp
No. 5Sainto thie felloo'shbp ,f the U. C. V':; and
salutes with uncsvered hdc: the name of the gal
lantotcllcr tft-r --thom yotlr .anp Is named.
Your are in as goodi stanllding as ans c.tmp in the
U. C. V's. Youllr qllarterlnlstel-, A. Li.cclly. hIas
been In correspondence wilh Ine for nearly rtwo
years. has been, realously trying to form a canmp at
l..ata-ette. Isish to return hint throutgh the camp.
thanks for his kind nd.patrriotic action in this matter.
Fmraternally,
GRO. hIlOterall. Ad'jt. Gen. &. Chief of Staff.
i.AAvnrTra, L.A.., Armt., 24. 895"
nts. F. GAnnoeR.
Mv I)ar.n fttAlAsn:--At the organiration of tile
C(e-. Frank Gardner Camp. No. 580 ot U. C. V's..
von were unanihnosly elected sponsor of said
Camp, and I rwas as adjutant requested to so inform
yc't in writing.
Hoyrg that yo,, will accept the title con
ferred in memory of the gallant officer after whom
we have tamed or Camp. I remain. Madame.
Respectfull. Yo,,r Obedient Servaon.
D. A. COCHRANE,
ADJ'T. GEN. FRA^NK (;A.ROOEK.
Camp. U. C U's Lafayette l.n.,
MRi. D. A. COCIHRAN~E,
Au'T. (;jet. FRASR (;A1ROSr,.
tt. 5Ro. Ut. t.:. \*'s. Lmaf.systt. I a..
Mv I)r.AR SIR:--Yotrs 'f even date inf.rmtlg n.c
that at the organization of (;en. Frank (;arld
iuer Camp to 11. C. V's.. I,was ttnanimoltsly electdl
sponsor of said camp. ;nd you as adlttnt r
qulested to sot Inform nte. receivedtt. I acclept w-ith
thanks the title cunferrrled an mnemory of In. gall:lltl
hlsband.,atler whon yaol have named youl Cnamp.
llh.tnking you all for the high honr.
I retaint. ReCpe. tfculyl.
THERE Is A. STORi
ON TLE SOUTHW
DCOR . COURT41O VSE
SQUARE;
I here Pure .Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articlef
r Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of Wines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
sonable prices
A so a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
A *Hardware.
TillS PLACE IS OW NED nVt If Y u N e
If You Need
-A suit
-A hat,
A pair of shoes'
-Shirts,
Underwear,
-Neckwear
Io -Any kind of wear,
-M- Call or LEON PLONSKY.
A.'J. MOSS, A. EMILE MOUTO.
MOSS & MOUTON
At WHOLESALE and IRETaIL:
OFFI C E AND YARD n EAR RAILROAD DE P0
LAFAYETTE. LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Saii
Bllincis, Mouldings, Etc.
Magons, Cisterns.
SCHEEIN DOORS AND EXTEXTION SCREEN WINDOWS.
o Ten, $to.oo, Ten, $So.oo, Ten, $zo.oo .
o ·0
3 C
AT-TEN-T IONI
e 1 The TENdency of all TENants of this terrestrial H
sphere is to atiTENd tothe attractions inTENded to
SI benefit thenmto any xTI sNt. Wie therefore ex- o
o "rENd a cordial invitation to all in (IIeNding to O
3 make either a small or exTENsive purchase of O 0
Sclothing thi .oh .1o.oo pring to give
a atTENtion to the large and
Avaried line 'T F of Suits, now
displayed ins $ . 00 our s t o r e.
2 0We con- TEN that d
d you should not be conTENted until you have d
examined the con reNts of our store and learn C
the great values there offered for $1o.oo. New
suits that would be good value at $12.00 to
E-. $15.oo, all await TENants and owners of the H
property for the small amount of $io.oo. -
o In Cents Furniehing also we handle, q
0 0
,. Shirts, Underwear, Hats, Shoes,; etc. -
H L LEVY & SON.
New Store I
P. DEMANADE & CO.
L.abe's Former Stand, next to Olivier Hotel.
Liquors, Wines and Tobaccoes
Staple and Fancy 6rocerie'
Oysters Served in all Styles. Hot and told Lunches
G. LAQOSTE,
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, CarriagM
and WACON,
Manufacturer's agent tdr Valkling an't Riding Culth; tors, ,;sc irarred. Lear
liarow, Stalk Cutter. Corn 3and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows;
Turning Plows, IHay Rakes, Road Carts.
Corner of J.lefferson anl Vermillion Streets; LAPAYI'TTf. LA:
FELIX DEMANADE
-Sells Chearp
-Groceries =1
- LiquorsI
--Grockery  .
-Willowware
-And
-Fancy
-Good . _
C-- -:
'''ii