TAE GAZETTE. discs
that t
.*S!SUED EVERY SAfTURDAY pemnta
av prantea
tunity
Wt 7y2J. MOUTON, - - Pasn'axron. provisi
-ataerd as the tilatte La. Poat-Otface Second tond ;
Cla Matter. mssi
tron tf
SATURvDA, JUNE t6, 1894. ,r.
certtdl
irant tl
Some of the names mentioned in famlti
adSectio& with ballot .reform at no'"
- vote f
_ Baton Rouge are enough to make a againm
a horse laugh. There is a chance Mr.
het for the most wicked sinner.' and
No one is beyond political redemp- take
tion, for with faith all can be saved. Bonn
I)eibi
The grand jury of New Orleans mood
fas indicted two- councilmen for Gree
bribery. If all the city papers say Koc,
ef the city fathers is true the Fitz- ,
yatrick cotmcil will hold its next
meeting in Baton Rouge. no
President John McGrath of t.e Deck
Louisiana Press Association has ap- Hooj
pointed the following delegates from max,
this State to the National Press mang
Association's meeting to be held at ReI
Asbulry Park, N. J., during the first
week in yuty:- J. Y. Gilmore, New
- rferne Sugar B[ l"; Easton "Dtval, The'
-?ouma Courier; L. S. Scott,-Crowly .I
Signal; and R. L. Casparie, Natchi try.
toches. President McGrath is a van
delegate ex-officio. thal
eigt
Viewrr Hugo's masterpiece, "Les mal
lfiserables," is perhaps better known wht
to American read-rs than any other and
*ork of fiction written in a foreign a
langutager and his hold upon the nei
popular imagination comes from bas
his large, intense sympathy with prig
every phase of human life. For the
this reason many readers of the cur- and
rent magazines will turn first of all ma
to B O. Flower's thoughtful and woi
suggestive critical commentary in sen
the June Arrna on "Victor, Hugo's ca
Social Ideals." It i, the' concen- tac
tration of the graat poet's social ree
philosophy. difi
des
Mr. Mouton member of the gen- cdh
erat assembly from Lafayette, ac- eve
companied-by his cousin, Mr. F. V. gat
Mlouton, the popular railroad agent An
of our city, paid us an oppreciated foI
visit on Sunday evening last. fo
!aayettc's young representative mi
lhas made qgite a name for himself to
iii the Legislature and is looked set
upon as one of the brainest men of
that body. He is consciencious, z
broad-minded and liberal in his It
views, and is an honor to the State teo
as well as the good old parish of, a
Lafayette. He fathers some of the so
Best bills introduced in the legis- n
lature.-Iberville South. e\
Some may disagree as to the best ol
method of obtaining fair elections, :
but we do not believe any will a
be found to oppose the proposed C
amendment to the constituti'on re- ri
stricting the right of vote to Amer
ican citizens and to such aliens as
have lived here five years. Louis- S
iana-is one of the sixteen states in
wthiici alitens are permitted to vote 1
after a few months' residence. As
it is, Dagoes who know nothing of a
our government, and care less, are j
allowed the same privileges accorded t
thee n'ative- Louisianian. I
Bucklen's Arnica Salve..- v
TIE BEST SAI.VE in the worMl fur Cuts, z
Igruises, Sores, Ulcers, Salt Rheum, Fever
gores, Tetter, Chapped Hlands, Chilblains,
-orns, and all Skin Eruptious, and positively I
cures Piles, or no pay required. It is.
giaranteed to give perfect satisfaction or t
money refunded. Price 25 cents per box.
For sale by Wm. Clegg.
Only One,.But Just Enough.
It;on Rouge Correspondent Tames-Democrat. 1
Under this order of business, House bill
No. z8, by Mr. Mlouton, relative to the
creation- of a railroad commission was
thden up, Mti. M·uton moved that the bill,
Pahich -had received the unfavornb!e report'
of the committee on railroads, be passedl :.
if.thatinga reading. Mr. lrr.i:or jI r.. .
oghiatlM,-nn'de e L-agt:h- andI . 1
Sq ,Mrt addres,- ir aht.i~- h ci,, a .!::
- tf ins'a-tt cs whcru the rat-l !; ,:."! y- * " '
 ..- rasl' :ads were <,''eatcr f;,re, ;o,'. pCi U...
S tifan fon, I".-'R i, ,i~ - e. ttes. Mr.
M.'t.,<s ,in.,,. "-iig appeal in favor of
his mueaaure.
Mr, Snyder asked if the motion was in
tended tepas·the bill to its third reading.
Upon being so notified, he madte a nmotion,
a a substitute, that the bill be indefinitely
ptt~ned. In defensc of this motion, Mr.
Inyder said that he was n ,t present to chal
lenge the cause of the railroads, but to dis
ensa the matter of the commission primarily.
The gentleman lahnimedl that he war in the
isemnbly to represent the" people of T'ensasy
and that.none of them were in favor of a
railroad comnmission bill- He cited the
fact that there were in the State twenty
two railroads, and that with a sin1le exce
tibnrnotone protest had been heard froums
any of the' parishes-trroiuglI whicha.railroad
plogressed agiins the railroads of-the State.
Tne goalermaslked if'the parislhes posess
i~tg no* roads- were to suff~r because some
twn oarsalagle parisht ccnsilered itself in
jp.d U.Mesaid that the State needed'no
- - e tsaloni it wanted more roads, and that
".e tlrtse of-the State depended i a great
a.sassin umpo- the cunsrts'ctiuo* and opera
.kei of railroads.;
r.@tOplgiage requserted pennissitin to read
S, i.editorial from the louma Courier re
tiive to a rediction in freights- on the
BStlher. Paclc adoal a Ielnefciat effects
'- a "nbdtar Fad marmtsctuting interests
* lfil ostetedf theyrf, in h rnemarks,
" -hadsaid anythig that which reflected
b his friefitls in. the Hlouse, that such
he luaid to the seat -of the- molment.
- t s *dt' tle eommisslost law of
- t worst _ever enacted,
4 lding of several
te..ls ·
Mr. Lafargue addressed the House and rean
discussed the proposition. lie thought
that the motion to indefinitely postpone hone
premattre and that the bill *hould. be s
printed and the n membefs ivan an oppor
tunity to make themselves faminiar with its W.
provisions. lie said that the people of lMiss
Avoyclles Were in favor of tallroad construc
tion, but that he was in favor of a com- and
m.ssiott and would vote "'no" on the mo
onr. Sanlders thought that the bill was son
certainly of snfficient imnportance to war
rant the printing of same; that he was not
fanillatr With its provisions and would vote beat
"no" on the present motion; would not
vote for any measure which would militate
against the operations of the railroads. Cha
Mr. Sanders made a strong and eloquent Dus
argument aginst the motion to postpone,
and after more discussion the vote was Day
taken to indefinitely postpone, as follows:
Y&s-Messrs. Antzn Blaffer nBogs,
Bonnafon, Burmeister, Caldwell, Cayolle, spel
I l)eibcl, Dollut, Dticros, Dudenhefer, Dy- son
mond, Elann, Eaulkner, Elandry, Gehlbach,
Gree i, Grinage, Hans, Harris, Herbert,
Hirn, Jackson, Jumel, Kennedy, King, ple;
Koch, Murphy of Madison, Perkins, Pey
ton, Robertson, Rfogers, Simms, Snyder,
Todd,; Wade, Ware, Wasson, Wieled, spe
Wyly-4o. the
Nays---Messrs. Benoit, Besancon, Brian, the
Boone, Bourgeois, Buoillion, i)awkins,
Decker, Dupont Gates, Guidry, Hancock,
liarmanson, Harp, Hill, Hinson, Hlynams,
Hooper, Kilbourne, l.afargte, Lewis, Lo- I
max, Mathis, Meeker, lMichel, Mills, Moore,
Mouton of Lafayette, Murphy of St. Tamn- Vit
5 many, McBride, Nelson,; YNeill, Pulford, me
Rehm, Richardson, Sanders, Shelbly, Tros- Do
cir, cl'Turnbull-39
t Th
The Anmeriean Protective
Association. the
' TheRayne Ranger.
1 The United States is a free coun- dai
try. It was on account of the ad- vi
a vantages that the new world offered, Sal
that the poor and oppressed of for- thi
eign lands came over the ocean to the
s make this country their home,
a where they might be free to live,
r and to worship in the manner that Vat
their conscience dictated to them iow
was right. Wihen this great govern- tho
e nent was founded it was on the See
n basis of ,'equal rights to all, special tre
h privileges to none." The gates of. i~n
the United State were thrown open me
to the oppressed of every clime, s'
and they were invited to come and fol1
l make this their home, where they Il
d would find freedom in its broadest "U
n sense twi
The Ranger has always felt a deli- ca,
cacy in treating on any matters per- 5c
taining to sectarian religion. We ne
11 recognize the fact that religion in its it
different forms is a necessity for the of
development of true manhood and p,
- christian character. We desire how- sig
ever to say something of certain or- tn
T. ganization in this country called the cn
nt American Protective Association. set
SWhen this Association was first an
formed it was by a few hide-bound da
partisans, and it did not create
ve much comment. But it continues
cif to grow in numbers and working in hi
ed secrecy all the timte. I
of The Ranger considers this organi- m
zation as an open enemy to our free ak
country. It savors of anarchy. ki
i's Its object is to combine all pro- n
ite testants together in secret war si
of against the Catholics. Every per- ft
son who becomes a memtber is re- it
quired to take an oath that he will
not under any circumstances what- h
ever, support any candidate for .i
office who is a member of tihe Io- i
man Catholic Church. As instance r
ns, of the enmity which this secret Y
mill association holds for the Catholic 1
sed Church, we desire to point to the r
re- recent seleztion of Senator White e
to be Supreme Judge by President
Cleveland, and of MIr. Walsh by ,
as Gov. Northern of Georgia to be ii
'is- Senator. i
in Ml. Cleveland is a member of the I
ote Presbyterian Chulrch, but recogniz- I
As ing no religion as a qualification for
office he appointed Judge White on
of account of his ability antd honesty.
are Judge White being a devout mem
dcd ber of the Catholic Church, this ap- 1
pointment was received by the
American Protective Association
with great dislike, and that organi
guts, zation immediately went to wot k
ever denouncing the President for having
vely made the appointment. In the
t i, case of Gov. Northern, who is a
n or devout Baptist deacon, aplpointing
box. Senator W\Valsh to fill the Colquit
vacancy, the Governor was roundly
. (enounced for no other rcason than
that Senator \Valsh was a Catholic.
hill It is indeed surprising to what ex
the tent these fanatics will go, and we
was think that every member of this or- I
bill, ganizatton shoull ibe trear..i :t; -
riotit -t. .f:-,cniie t', Lhiss association
• v ' a-r.ticaitanarchists. The United
ii.. States is a free country anti shall re
or main so.
T in- The New Orlean's L.egislators
ding, want the caplitol changeil from
ion aton Rouge to their city. W\'e
Mr. believe the Legislatures is too close
di to the Crescent City as it is. If
arily. there is to be any change let it be
the taIen as far as possibre from New
of a New Orleans. We believe a
enty- majority of the people of the State
xcec would favor Alexandria as the mollst
fri suitable place.
SDuson Dots.
some The new Doctor who has docated
at Duson seems to be the clhief
that topic of conversation at present,
e andwe hope that he will prove a
success not only in his profession,
ore but in many other ways.
Sthe -KRumor says that an energetic
effects farmer will soon erect a cotton gin
somewhere in the suburbs of our
narks, thriving little city.
seu -Mr. J. R. Hoffpauir's barn and
snent. snd some farm implements were
w of burnt one night last week; the ori
Sgin of the fire is unknown.
i - wr. ad Mrs. Valery -oud
reaux gave a communion dinner in sphere
honor of their eldest son. The is a
guests present were: Mr. and .Mrs. sphere
W. GC. Bailey, B. K. Whitfield, r ~ i
Miss Rose Duhon, Mr. Boudreaux lies in
and Mrs. S. L. Bailey. ltis i
-Three public schools near Du- period
son will unite and give a basket he er
picnic at Mr. Ford Hoffpauir's
beautiful grove tn the r5, instant. To the
-Miss Addle Collins, of Lake Al
Charles, is spending some time at fiery
Duson the guest of Mrs. J. R. do n
Davis. will
-Rev. J. M. Beard, of Lafayette, for
spent a few days in and around Du- wate
son last week, and the little band coml
of christians seemed more than unit[
pleased with their presiding elder. bene
-Mrs. S. A. Bass, of Duson, is our
spending this week in the country who
the guest of Mrs: Eula Koch. rate
POTATO DIGGER. e
Miss Nita R. Scranton. fully
The Gazette has received an in- this
vitation to attend the annual com- you
mencement Exercises of St. Marry's of tl
Dominican Academy, New Orleans, suct
Thursday, June 2zr, 1894. Among in t
the graduates of this year we notice and
the name of Miss Nita R. Scranton,
daughter of Dr. Scranton, of Roy- and
ville. To the May number of The estil
Salve Regina, the Academy's paper,
this gifted young lady contributes
the following essay:
"'I'LL CROSS IT THOUGH IT BLAST ME."
In looking over some notes of "A New TI
Variorum Edition of Shakespeare," the fol- coin.
M lowing note touching the line, "I'll cross it med
though it blast me," (Hamlet, Act I. tinat
e Scene I. Line 327) struck our fancy. Kinl
i"Whoever crossed the spot on which a spec- days
I tre was seen became subject to its malignant not I
f' influence. To prove this assertion the Com- prov
n mentator' Blakeway says "Among the rea- fail.
so is for supposing the Earl of Derby, who Whi
udied 1594, to have been 'bewitched is the it is
following." Here he quotes from Lodges Win
Y Illustrations of British History vol. iii, p. 48. and
;t "On Friday there appeared a tall man who
twice crossed Aim swiftly and when the Earl
came to tie place where he saw thisman, he
f tirst fell sick." This noti may be true but T
r- such interpretation of the sentence would day
e never enter our minds. "I'll cross it though
Ls it blast mse" suggests at once the beautiful
old custom of sgnuing oneself with the sign W.
e of the cross when any evil thing was sup- Bro
posed near, or present, or of making the Wi
v- sign of the cross between oneself and the
r_ thing. All early Christians believed in the
efficacy of this sacred sign. If a light go was
C out, to this dlay Saxon and Celt of the oldern 1
I. school makes the sign of the cross on his brow rest
st and says ,"God pres :rve me from eternal
id darkness." When lights are brought in,
the sign is made and he murmurs, "The sec'
light of lcaven to nmy soul." When any- Mr.
ts -lsing unusual happens his thumb seeks his bee
in brow ndl his lips whisper, "The cross of
Christ about us." Shakespere wrote when Chi
. s tch p aztices were second nature, he knew vot
u-m re of them than of the superstition of the age
ee cro.:sig of paths, which though we fail to
. kn w thse time of its origin, we believe to be
Snullnc.a later; besidles, Shakespere was a Cath- tha
r lie and kcsew that Citholics employ the did
sign of the cros.s to tuistinguisth an evil spirit aIw
r- front a good-the Devil cannot withstand
re- tile scare I sin. c
'ill If a spectre appear to a Saxon or a Celt, be
he accosts it thutt.: "In the namne of Jesus pec
t- Christ I cuonttand you not to hurt une," no
or ithen making the signt of the cross towards
ti e spectre, lie colntinues, "In the nanme
Sof the Father, Sion aiml Holy Ghost who are Mt
ret you ani" what ido ytou want." The first ap
pIrt of the inlvocatiton shows the person is me
lic ignorant of the nature of the spirit. The at
.ie popuilar belief is if it be evil and come wits
iter cil intention and be questioned without a1
nt co:iaunadl in the naui: of Jesus Christ not to pa
Shurt, it can blast antl destroy one as it wills, I5
by iut if onii ciomlnand first anid then question,
be it is obliged to answer and has no power to 6t
injure. \Maybe I atnllet new this, but in his no
the perturbation of spirit and his uncertainty as th
to whether it was his father's ghost, forgot E:
Li- the commantld and thought only of question
for ing hence the conditional, ''though it blast A
n ie." Now were he positive it were a good
t sirit to cro.s its path would not lead to T.
fatal results. Proballv he did not know of W\
n the command, for it was not generally IH
ap- known as the form of the question. I)
the Blakeway in his notes does not say the
ion Earl of D)erby crossed the path of the spec
tire, but the spectre crossed his path twice. at
oik Now the (,;ihost in hlamlet has no idea of
crossing the prince, rather he beckons the
ing latter to follow him. Why then should
the young hlamlet cross the patht of the Ghost
a as we cross each other at street corners.
\Vet'e this manner of crossing effective,
lng then a-cording to proof brought forward, a
iluit the Ghost should cross lHamlet. not Hamlet It
idly the Ghost-M-oreover, the prince has no de
Ian sire to it blasted all his soul is centred on
SIdiscovering who was the murderer of his
lic. fatlher, hie suspects his uncle, but suspicions -
ex- are cruel and treacherous and Hanmlet
we sickens in their presence, hence one caie
or- Of his joy on behlduing thi.~gs ger"frc~ nm
u-another w,.nrdl hs eagerness for the in
fuinaiC. it may have. the power to com
f : ce nmunicate.
Shakcspere's respect for all things sacred
is well known andti acklnowvledged. When
he quotes the Biblle he does so with rever
: encIe atlld for stlt.-: itiportant and weighty
tion mnotive, hence his tIatlet crossing the spec
ited ire is no mere matter of curiosity but one of
ire eep inpirt Itoth to tte kingdom at large
andi to the future coniluet of the prince.
Thile contvictiuuts that induled Shakespere to
illtrodluce the Ghost guided himt also ill his
tors treattmnt
ro ti That hle meant the (;host to be a soul
fronm l'urgatory we have niever doubted why
iVe else shtulhl young liatnlet entreat:
'• es ".'lle t , ale
OS II tilere be aty tiootl thisC to bie done
If 'That may to thee do east and grace to me,
be The doing of a good action can not give
e ase to a damlned s'ul, though It nlmay in
Ncw crer-as- grace tn the soutl of the performer if
a it be aheady in the state of grace. Again
young hlatilet says:
tate ".It lht ihas tphoaurd-.d in thy tlfe
Ii.xttrtcd treat in tile wvthlbo earth.
tItISt i'.r urieh they .tay yu st:rits nft walk in death.
Out of hell there is no redemption, the
tdamnied are not let walk the eairth to atone
for dleits, their time to atone is passed,
atcl therefore, the G(;htlst must have been from
Ileaven or fltlloi Parorgatory. The G(host's
c:hief reply proves hlie is nti from Hleaven;
sent, '"'thOst.-.'y hoar io mltamtt come
eat, \\h n I t, ulpho r.r and toetrmenting flame
ye a tImleust.--nd p m Aella! penr Ghost!
(;:5t. i.--t'itv me not. hot ltId thy eriotus Ihearing
sion, T  I' wthut I rtthadl n m n.ld.
l tmlft---SMvai, l am lotlltti it hear.
(Oihrss.--S.art thin it revenge when thotralt hiear.
ietic Ilrln Ilet--V h1t?
gtc huout.--! utn thy f..ther's spitit:
Ii•m,. dt.an:o certain term to, wtlwa tihenight
git AsAnd for time day coltlinvd to hUt iil ieC%
our Are bunt antd purged away."
The lire of htll timri:s ibut hoesis not parge
away, neither does it satisfy for t'se crimeso
and lsne in natnre; did it accomplish either the
were sul woultl ssome day ibe free to join its Cad
Sin lHeaven. Ouly in Purgatory are the
or- faults left nuationed, hurned and pu'g
aPwa away ly ire uhml only a satl from th.esi. ~e'
loud - oiss. can speak withIt~ is.m.speal Shakmu
sphere's Ghost. Therefore since the Ghost ý1g
is a soul frojn Purgatory and Prince Hamlet
is a creation of Catholic times and Shake- $py
sphere a member of the Cathlolic Church the
true interpretation of the line, "I'll ot
cross it though it blast me," we believe,
lies in the sign of the cross formed by Ham
let in the space between him and his father.
This is in harmony with the spirit of the
period in which Shakesphere wrote, in har- MY
mony too with his belief of the characters 3
he creates. me
Two Warningsi.
To the Editor oat the Latayet'e Gazette.
Already two warnings from the p.
t fiery monster i Let us beiffd ; we
do not know, how near in the future,
will be the doom of our little city,
for, doom it will be. Where is our
water supply; where is our means to
combat the fiery fiend ? Let us
unite, why not give a fair for the
benefit of the firemen; we have in
s our midst men of high standing, ro
Y who with good will, could inaugu
rate a thing of that sort, and also
we have our ladies who would cheer
fully give a helping hand and make
this thing a success, for Mr. Editor,
you know full well that the ladies CI
s of this town have always made a
success of their charity? work, and
` in them we should put our trust, G
e and in them only lies our salvation. ples
S,lI-oping this will find favor with you,
- and that you will insert it in your
eestimable paper, L
I remain, as ever,
Cs A CONSTANT READER.
Knights of the Maccabees.
:w The State Commander writes us from Lin
al- coln, Neb., as follows: "After trying other
it medicines for what seemed to be a very obs
I. tinate cough in our two children we tried Dr. 1371
y. King's New Discovery and at the end of two All
,c- days the cough entirely left them. We will
nt not be without it hereafter, as our experience
n- proves that it cures where all other remedies 0
,a- fail."-Signed F. W. Stevens, State Com.
ho Why not give this great medicine a trial, as
he it is guaranteed and trial bottles are free at I
es Wi. Clegg's Drug Store, Regular size 5oc.
8. and $1.oo.
ar School Board Proceedings.
he LAFrAYETTi, LA. June 8, 189t.
aut The Board of School Directors met this
Id day with the following members present:
u P. A. Chiasson, H. Theall, D. Bernard, 1)r
ign W. W. Lessley, A. C. Guilbcau and J. O. Lo;
Lp- Broussard. Absent: Jasper Spell and J. S.
h Whittington.
On motion duly made Mr. J. O. Broussard
go was elected president pro tem. ST.
ern The minutes of the previous meeting were
lo read and approved.
in, On motion of MIr. H. Theall duly
rhe seconded the secretary was instructed to pay
ny- Mr. Alexander Brasseux for the time he has
his been teaching in the Roger school. Messrs.
of 1
hen Chiasson, Theall, Bernard and Guilbeau Fre
sew voting for the resolution of Dr. Lesslcy all
the against it. tvi
) Dr. Lessley in explaining his vote said, 1
th- that he voted against the nmotion, lbecause h
the did not think the board could, according to
irit law pay Mr. Brassea'ux: as he did not h 1 I M
and certificate to teach, anol was not willing to
elt, be examined, the law specifying that no
-sus person shall be appointed to teach who has
e"t not obtained a certificate.
arls On motion duly seconded Messrs O. C. era
are Montan, 1. 1C. Greig and II. E. 'roll were sce
first appointed as a committee to make arrainge
n is mrents for the Peabody Institute to be held
The at this place comrmencing Jlune 23 instance.
wig On motion of I )r. I.essley seconded by
It a Mr. Theall, all the public schools of this
at to pasish were ordered to be closed on-' he
rills, i5th of this month.
ion, Notice was given, that the citi'ens of the
r to 6th ward would present a petition at the
his next regular meeting of this hbodly asking
y as that the Roger school be removed to the
ergot East portion of said ward.
tion- The following accounts were approved.
blast A. C. Guilbeau, directors per
good dieum 2 meetings............ $ 4 oo H
1i to I. A. Broussard, returning polls.... 4 00
' of W. 1. Bailey, collecting polls...... 13 50
rally II. E. Toll, expenses for supt. con. 24 30
I). Bernard, sundries for school... i8 55
the R. C. Greig, sundriesfor school.... 5 5 C
spec- There being no further business the board
wice. adjourned.
a of J. O BROUSSARr), President pro ternm.
the ii. E. TomI., Secretary.
ghost Constable's Sale.
ctive, In compliance with the parish stock law, I -
vard, will sell in the town of Royville between the
amlet legal sale hours on +
to de- SA."IRDAY, JTUNF 30, 1894.
1l on One red cow with calf.
hf is F. BOUDREAUX, Constable.
clons - .
cause IKews w methingt af PbatagrsphY noowstaw.
front islt has beoiMne indespeoersab iLu entry b-aaue
e in- OF INDUSTRY aNP
e in- ART.
com- WHY DON·T YOU BUY
a amrners. snd earm to take Pieuoreosl Ton wlll
jacred find itoneofttee ieaoit of art. to lillttrsad
•Vhen wO will take ais o:h phi resir a teachtng you
never- HOW TO USE
righty a$'.50 Watch Camers s a $200 outfit, free of
spec- If youi monot lit ma DIrk Roomor your ow.
ine of we will douoor itie~voploK hnd prtntigst
large moderate priam. ,', Give s utrial.
rice. Photograpier tu pplies of I~very
rnc to Demrltpitbo alwaryer In rutuck.
in his cON. CaNAL a*e
SOURSON aTmasTs
1 soul ' uew oms.e. sa.
d why
Notice.
e. Notice is hereby given t9 the Tax payers
of the Parish of Iafavette, that the listing of
give the property for the assesnent of taxes for
ny in- the year 1894 has Ibeen completed and the
ier if estimate valuation thereof is therein mnade
Agail according to law and the said list will be ex
posed in mny office in the Court House of
said Parish for inspection and correction for
death, a term of twenty days to begin on Tuesday,
the izth of June, 1894.
In, the N. REAUX, State Tax Asscssor.
atone
tasseti,
tfrom Constable's Sale.
host's
SSTATE OF I.OUISIANA-PARISIH OF
g flame LAFA IET TE.
ghotet 7th JUSTICE'S COURT.
atihear. i Adam lacas vs. Johni the Tilch'cr.
S fly virtue of a writ of fieri facias issued in
the above mentioned suit biy the tloi. Alex.
henight MleauCx ,f the 7th ward of Lafayette pnrish,
StaturQ anti to me diructed I will o'ffer for .l s aid
sell to the last and higllchest hidder at the
p arge office of the 7th Justice's court, on
crimeb Sattirday June 1, 18f)'-.
er the between the legal sale hours, the followislg
Ss· dqeCribed property, to-wit:
ra the One white mnare and lmule cslt. "To piy
purgetdl s:astisfy said above writ, inh~rtst and costs.
bl~~fiak .r's* tut ~Constable..tl Wa.,Xmr.k
The Xo'.onal Automatio '
Zyaraullo Prassure Reuolatr
lor sugar 2ills
aMu beeam is mmsceeal qperattelm fIb
ye rs  sd la highly emsemsed by thebo
lemding mager Planters o Louid.nas.
My Patent Has Not Expired apd
I Will Prosecute All Infringe
ments. For particulars address,
JOHN S MoDONALD,
78 Cutstomhouse St.
P. O Box 1219. New Orleans, La
BEAUTIFIIL AS MAA veL
AND LASTING Ae TIME.
TIe E1FST ar. CfH'' -
FST TOM'STONtI MA
UFACTUR. D.
t- l,g,9 L .t..n- *.. n-I* . h- -a
to ! ri . i_"ns . ": h*" I.-h e "n at*.
,clh {{1'" p,,+1.v n. "' 1. II .- 1.."r"
rllnw 1t llf ) 1 .x L-l, fiu all" C,'.-. t.
1. It. 10.t ., ip. 1i dtb 11 in. $
2 4 4 l 1,"1. , ,
s, ;:lfa. ", I 1., 1t' T
Fo" Derirna. i m1" -"on r .d * V '+'It,°"a. t11lsl,.
V.. T. COATS & C.O. .
TB fl*''I P-')p "lI q-. NUCP it t WA- - 0
pr
J. Lechleiter
THE CRIPPLED SOLDIER,
CIGAR MANUFACTURER,
JENNINGS, LA.
Good Cigars for $18 per Thousand. Sam
ples : 50 for $1.
Cheap Store I
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker, Jeweler,
AND OPTI IAN.
r Gold Medal awarded at Exposition o
r. 1S78. Repairing of fine watches a specialty
o All work cheap and guaranteed.
11 Lafayette, La.
e rs i Opposit. Aosutmon &' Seller' Store.
a H. P- FOURNET,
AGENT OF
W. A: Vandercook.
is WHOLESALE DEALEI IN
it: Choice Wines and Brandies
D. Los Angelos, San Francisco and
S. Arizona.
rd OFFICE and DEPOT.
Sr. MARIINVILLE, : : : : : I.A.
ire
f MT. CARMEL CONVENT,
ias LAFAY ETTE, LA.
rs. The system of Education incltudels the
au French and Englisl l:anguages, .ltsie andi
cy all kinds oIf needle-vwork. Every attention
will be given to the health anod conlfr'to f
those placed under the care of the Sisters.
lor termsL apply to thle iuperio r. 1-24
h
o MLRS. H. L. MONIIER
;to
s Dressmaker
Desires to inform her friends anl tile gen
C. eral pulblic, that she is prepared to take in
crc sewing, and solicits the making a fine dresses.
ge- 11-2--401.
eld
Cl ord Wood for Sale.
"h ASH, - - $3.50 per cord
tih MIXED), - - 3.00 '' "
the Address:
jog LAFAYETTE RICE 1MILTL,
the Lafayette, La.
ed.
HORSES I CHICAGO STABLES
00 HONE~ST EALING Delord & (tlrondrltet, N. U
on MHOIT DIAImI N fSa ddle, Work and* ur Insinr
0o Low PICSSO I Iorse Auction WV.ekly.
50 Write us mid you will save ,nonwy.
1 30
55
5 05 Come and see
nard
em. Mouton Bros.
DItALEItS IN
GENERAL
ShMerchandise
Le. I- west -prices" con~i tent_
-- iwith auallity of qoods.
Sold by TpAHAN & IDOUCET, Lafayette; JLLEFS PETETIN, sunset; £: V- BaRRY, 61rand
C oteaur MLCAUlD, Carencro.
1 Big Store
2 ware roomtSfS
Has just boght, fotar ctsh: at low prices, an inintense stock of
DRY GOODs, CLOTHING,
BOOTS, SHOES AND HATS,
HARDWARE, PURNITURE,
TINWARE, GROCKERY, ETC.,
To which he invites the attention
of intending buyers, promising to
give as cheap, if not cheaper
prices, than found elsewhere
FELIX DEMANADE,
The Up to Date Merchant
SELLS CHEAP4_
0Groceries .$...
Liquorst
Crockery
4 Willoware
s and of
Fancy O
goods . .....- -
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LOUISIANA
The Best Shoe.
for the Least Mog .
W. L. DOUGLAS
d3S HO E 6EN.
S 83, 84 and 83.50 Dress Shoo.
83.50 Pollee Shoe, 3 Soles.
2.50, 82 for Workingmen.
$2 and 81.75 for Boys.
LADIES AND MISSES,
` '! - : 83, 82.80o e, $l.7i
ie.' uTIJOar.-It nay dealer
ý.: . ffers you W. L. Doglas
- .¬ .S ..... _ " or sray ho h.at them w lh
''' :,"'OUt rhu 1nnos , te ,ltl¢
t htomwa pus a ad.lm
24 Oi
W. L DOUGLAS Shoes are stty;sh, easy fitting, and give better
satisfaction at the prices advertised than any other make. Try one pair and be con
vinced. The stamping of WV. L. D)ouglas' name and price on the bottom, whict
fuarantees their value, cavcs thoutcands of do!ia:- annually to thor-e who wear themn.
Dealers who push the sale of WV. I.. Douglas Shoes gnin custo:.ers, which help: to
in increase the sales on their full line of goods. They can auford to sell at a lees prVn,
Sic'. I and we bellevo yog can save nMn. y by 1uvlag al l your footwe-ar of tbi" dreralr uvIi
.tted below. Catalogue treCe poa sp:aitltion. W. . DOIUGL .&. z 'es.st u, Place.
LEO DOUCET. AGENT
F) ASHION'S FANCY
-l-as been fully ccnsidered in making our purchases for this
L Spring and Summer.
. Ladies and Gentlemen, IBo-s and Girls
kly.
h ave had their Wants and Wishes considered and can be
better supplied here than elsewhere.
Our Dry Goods, Clothing, Shoes and Hats
Novelties and Gent's Furnishings
ARE ONE FEAST OF BARGAINS
e We are the People's Store.
-t ..L. E, TV TT & SON.