THE A. LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, MAY 27, 1803. NUMBER 12.
MY MOTHER.
Doea't sl my mother old! That form tome m
fair.
Though her forehead may be wrinkled and sit'
very her hair;
For oft in infant helplessness she bent in loving
mood
To satisfy my ev'ry need. and give me daily
foold:
And then as I grew stronger it was she who led
the wayr.
And taught my little feet to run in merry baby
play.
And when our evening romp was o'er. our game
of hide and seek.
She taught my lisping tongue to pray: "I lay
me down to sleepl"
Don't call my mother old! Though feeble she
has grown,
And her eyes have lost the luster which once
they used to own:
Though her cheeks are thin and pallid and show
deep lines of care,
To me that face is beautiful-the fairest of the
fair;
And her fngers, too, so nimble, so deft in works
of art.
That I've sometimes thought the fairies had
really played their part;
Her step so slow and tolt'ring still retains its
modest grace.
With that upright, queenly bearing, which even
now I trace.
Don't call my mother old! Though faltering
her tongue,
Her voice is still as sweet to me as the music
which she sung.
Ah! bow well do I remember; like the echo of
her song
The same clear notes return again through years
now past and gone;
And when. as in pleasing story, she speaks of
Joy or woe.
In the time that's past forever. In the long, long
ago,
I ever love to listen to her tales of olden time.
As to the sweetest melody of some far distant
chime.
Don't call my mother old! I cannot bear it
well.
For it rings upon my soul like the tolling of a
knell;
And I feel as it I'd lost her, e'en while she's
with me still
Oh! there is not another friend a mother's place
can fill:
And none need ever chide me for being over
fond,
For I feel the tie that binds me to be a loving
bond,
Which time has served to strengthen and made
to me most dear
A mother's holy precept, as she walked in godly
fear.
Don't call my mother old! 'Twould almost
break my heart
To be constantly reminded that she and I must
part;
For we have passed together full many a happy
year.
As companions to each other in ev'ry joy and
fear:
And as the time shall narrow down between her
life and mine.
Oh! let me still be happy as my heart would
e'er Incline:
And when the cord is broken unto which I've
ever clung.
'Twill be sweet the a to remember mother
always young.
-Philadelphia Methodist.
I .  DGELMONT was
the most per
versely unlevel
place that ever
tried the pa
tience of tennis
players. Every
thing sloped, either westward, to the
spurs of the Allegheny, or eastward, to
the glorious old Blue Ridge.
But if the land was perverse, tennis
is persistent; and a fine, enterprising
set of boys made a tennis court one
spring, wheeled the earth, leveled.
graded and rolled it. There were eight
boys, and they owned the court by ,
turns, afternoon about; sometimes in
viting girls to play with them, and
sometimes having only a "stag party."
Boys are not all alike in this matter,
you know; some boys like to include
girls in their games, and some think.
and even say, that girls spoil the fun.
But girls, I fancy, are all pretty much
alike in preferring to play with boys;
boys confessedly add vigor and interest
to play--even one boy, even a small
one!
So it was quite an object of ambition
with the Edg-emont girls to play on the
new tennis court, and none was more
covetous of the honor than Eleanor
Barry, or "Nellie Bly," as she was
known, when balls were flying. But
Nell was not aked as often as some
poorer players, which was a somber
mystery to the lass herself. Privately,
I have always thought it was because
there was a certain spirit of "crow" in
Nell; and the younger people are, the
more ,they resent crow. She-was hand
some, dressed well, was quick at her
lesson, and quick, a trifle overquick,
sometimes, with her tongue; and there'
was about her a certain nameless, in
deanable air of.superiority over those
whodwere behind her in these things.
They had all been to the cliffs one
afternoon, to gather spring beauties
and the dainty bloodroot-all, that is,
who were not fortunate enough to be
on-the tennis court.
"'Let's go again, to-morrow after
noon," suggested Mabel Dean.
"I can't," said Nellie, promptly, "it's
my German day."
"Well, Friday, then; let's go Friday." I
But some bird of the air had whis
pered to Eleanor that Jack Martin was 3
going to ask her to play tennis Friday.
"Now don't put off on my account"
cried wily Nell, "make up the party ;
for to-morrow, and 1'll dash through
my Uerman early."
"Hear herl" sighed Mabel. Mabel t
was always sighing for somebody's
accomplishments. "One would think
German was her mother tongue."
"Oh, it's extremely easy. I hardly
study it artll," said Miss Eleanor, her
little topoft.y air appearing at once.
"Nobody can make me believe it Is I
easy to understand writfen German," in
alatead Mabel. "'Of all irregular, un
reasonable crow's-foot tracks, German
script takes the lead. I despair of ever t
getting the best of it." I
"Strange," said Eleanor, lifting her a
brow with a pretty little air of surprise. a
"Oh, come off, Nell!" cried one of the I
kona "|' do't blijve JoS aail rad I
a German letter if I should writW you
one."
"If you wrote it, perhaps not, Ed
gar," she answered, archly.
Edgar took good-naturedly the laugh
that went round, but he "owed her
one," and it suddenly flashed into his
mind that Jack Martin could help him
pay his debt
The next morning, while Nelly was
dusting the parlor in white apron and
dainty cap, the doorbell rang. The
lassie's cheeks flushed with a pleased
exultation; she had seen Mr. Theodore
Martin's colored man come up the steps
with a note in his hand. Tennis, of
course; old Jack- was certainly put
ting on style, though. WVhy hadn't
he asked her while they were on the
cliffs?
Susan brought the note in on the sil
v aifaiter.
'bsay as how he bin tole w ait for
msveeri; she said.
"Very well, Susan, in a mianste."
Eleanor tore open the note. What in
the wide worklt She gazed at it un
and down and around, before she took
it in; then, in spite of her disappoint
ment and vexation, she broke into a
merry laugh. It was written in Ger
man script!
The merriment was of short dura
tion.
"Tell Bob I can't answer now. I'll
send Mr. Jack an answer later in the
day." But the flush of pleasure was
now a deep red. It was very mortify
ing, after her boastful tone of the day
before.
"And not answering it promptly
just gives me away at once," she
sighed. "Well. I'm afraid I deserve it.
I hope it is asking for the tennis game,
though; that would be worth the work
1'll have to put on it. Let me see. The
'liebe Fraulein' is plain enough." She
ran her anxious eyes down the brief
page. "Yes, here is 'Freitag' and
'Abend.' Nothing could happen Friday
afternoon except tennis; still I can't
take it for granted. Oh dear! what a
bore!"
Down she went on the floor (as girls
do when life gets too much for them), 4
with a ~erman dictionary on one side
of her, a primer, and the vexatious
note in her lap; and there, would you
believe it, Wilbur found her when he
came home to lunch, dustcap decidedly
awry on her tossed-up curls, as if she
had been tearing her hair, face still
more awry, with a suspicious dewy
look about her eyes, while the idle
duster was enjoying life on the floor I
beside her.
Wilbur took pity on her, and from
the vantage ground of his collegiate
course found out that Jack was politely I
entreating her. In very first-course and 1
imperfect German to play tennis on t
Friday.
"Well," she said, with a long sigh of t
relief, "It is the tennis, then; that's I
some comfort, anyhow. But I just
wish I could write Chinese! If I 1
wouldn't give old Jack some trouble to
find out whether I will play or not!"
"Hello!" cried Wilbur. The mention I
of Chinese had suggested something to I
him.
"1 say, Nell, you can fix him nicely. I
here! give me a pencil."
In a very little time an answer was a
ready, and small Joe, just in from t
school, was promised a piece of chew- a
ing gum to deliver it at once.
"Say you were told to wait for an an
swer, Joe. WVhatevrr you do, don't tor- t
get that," was Nellie's last injunction.
"Yes, that was a fine turn to it, Nell.
I wouldn't have thought of putting a
question in it."
Joe came back presently, with the
chewing gum, but without the an
swer. "Jack says he'll send an an
swer later in the day," he reported,
thickly, his mouth being full; and he
was decidedly aggrieved by the roars
of laughter with which his message I
was received. I
"Jack couldn't a' been glad much, 1
whatever your note was about," Joe
said, glaring at his brother and sister;
V r
DOWN SnE WENT ON Tle PLOOSR.
"*he said all sorts of things,"
"WVhat did he say, Joe?" questioned
the college student. "Come! I don't be' i
lieve he said anything at all." 1
"Oh, didn't he, though? ie said
'Great C'esar!' and '"treat Scott!' and
'gee-whillikens,' and I don't know
what else-a lot more like that."
This was the note Jack had received,
written on Nell's scented "cream-laid,"
in a provokingly clear hand:
"Ti sI a ypit tabsht I tonnac rewsna uoy ni cht
werbeh eugnot rsed koala tub, ni doog dio 1
hsilgne, I 111w eb dethgllad Ot yalp htiw noy.
Esaelp tlet em ta tahw ruobh ot nod ym tfos
seohs?
"Sruoy ni doog htiat, NELL."
It was almost bedtime before Nell
got her answer:
"DEAn NELL-I cry quits. Ill come around
for you at half-past three, bringing what is left I
of me after the rage and despair your note I
threw me into. JACK."
It was agreed on all sides-of the a
new tennis court--that Nell had gotten I
the best of it, "as a lady always does," t
declared one of the boys. gallantly. t
"Yes, it was mother who pulled me I
out of the hole." confessed Jack, "by
finding out that the words read back- a
ward; but we had worked over the
thing till darkl!'"
I think Nell did get the best of it, I
though not only as the tennis-players
meant, perhaps; for they have all for
gotten that she used to be boastful.
and she never is now, though this hap
pened only last spring! - Elizabeth
PA? ou AlUla. is Demorost's )Iasma.O I
THE TAX ON COFFEE.
simamagiu Eweets of a ieiga Tariff a Our
EsporL Trade.
The effect of the imposition of a dis
eriminating duty upon coffee imported
from certain countries under the pro
visions of the so-called reolprocity
clauses of the McKinley tariff, is indi
cated, so far as the quantity imported
is concerned, by the treasury depart
ment report as to the imports for the
seven months ending on January 81.
The quantity of coffee brought into
this country in the fiscal year 1891, all
of it free of duty, was about 520,000,000
pounds. About one-sixth of this came
from Venezuela, Colombia and Haiti,
the three countries affected by the
three cents a pound imposed by Presi
dent Harrison under the provisions of
the law. The official figures for the
iscal year 1891 are as follows:
:iroars or corrs.
Pound. value.
From all countries....... 510,8,4m 0,123,777uI
From Venezuela......... 0,217.95 10,814.874
From Colombia ........... 14.34.168 2,491.811
From Haiti................. 12,642,544 1,8,942
87,400.~82 115,295s.,8
It will be seen that the monthly av
erage in that year for the three
countries affected was nearly 7,300,000
pounds.
The report shows that for the seven
months ending on January 31 this aver
age has fallen to a little more than
2.000.000 pounds.
Pounds. Vale.
Coffee. dutiable, seven
months ................ 14,495,178'5 1.46,59
January .................. 833,815 149.931
The figures for January indicate that
the imports are now very small, the
value for that month having been less
than $150,003. This is the effect of the
exaction of a duty of 3 cents, so far as
the quantity received from these coun
tries is concerned.
The imposition othis duty has also
had the effect, we afe informed, of in
creasing by several millions of dollars
annually the cost of coffee to consum
ers in this country. The duty has in
creased the cost of the mild coffees
produced in these three countries,
which were formerly about one-sixth
of our entire supply, and ras largely
decreased the quantity imported. At
the same time, because of this increase
of cost, the producers of mild coffees in
other countries not affected by the duty I
have been enabled to exact higher prices
pr their product when sold here. It
is estimated that for this reason the
cost of coffees of similar grades pro
duced elsewhere has been increased to
the American consumer by at least 13
cents a pound. By his reciprocity
proclamation Mr. Harrison thus im
posed a considerable tax upon the peo
ple of the United States, not only with
respect to the coffees imcorted from
the three countries directly affected,
but also with respect to a large quanti
ty of the coffees that are on the free
list
The law says that after such retalia
tory duties have been imposed by the
president they are to be exacted "for
such time as he shall deem just." The I
president who imposed these duties
has been succeeded by Mr. Cleveland, I
and it is Mr. Cleveland whose opinion 1
as to the justice of the continued ex- I
action of this tax is now to be conclu
sive. The fact that he has called upon
the state department for information I
as to the condition of negotiations with
the three countries affected shows that
he has this question under considera- i
tion. If it shall appear that the retali- 1
story duty on coffee has had no bene- I
ficial effect upon our export trade and I
is a burden upon the people, the jus
tice of it will not be clearly estab
lished.-N. Y. Times.
THE TARIFF MAKERS.
A Little Light on the Old Jobbing
Methods of the tepublicaIns.
Theoretically congress made the
tariffs. But it has been a good many
years since congress did anything more
than to ratify what men not in con
gress wanted the tariff to be. Con
gress quit making its own tariffs in
1867, and it has jobbed the business
out pretty nearly ever since. It did
undertake the work in 1872, when it
passed what was known as the little
tariff bill; but it did it so bunglingly
that it actually reduced the taxes, and
the other fellows took it out of the
hands of congress and restored the
rates in 1875. and have been running
the business ever since. To be sure, in
1882 congress felt that something must
be done to appease the people, who
had begun to growl a little; and so,
not being competent to do the job
themselves, they let President Arthur
appoint a commission to fix up the
schedules for them.
This commission was almost wholly
composed of men who had been mak
ing tariffs for congress, but they
thought the taxes could be cut down 25
per cent. without hurting anybody,
and so reported. But the other fellows
rallied to the defense of their job, and
when the commission's bill camne out
of all the committees it had to go
through, includingthe final conference
committee, the rates were higher than
ever.
Then came the bill that William Mc
Kinley is popularly supposed to have
made. It bears his name, and he had
to stand all the kicking it caused, and
he was plucky enough to take it all and
not complain a bit, although he knew
that he was as innocent of its provi
sions as was Ben Harrison. Everybody
who knows enough to read now knows
that it wasn't McKinley or his conmmit
tee who made his bill, but it was the
same old job lot of fellows who have
been making tariffs for the republican
party for over thirty years who made it.
Mr. Glassman told the commutee just I
what the tariff should be on glassware.
and the committee wrote it out and put
it in the bill. And Mr. Wool came and
told them how much he wanted the tax I
to be on wool; and his relative. Mr.
Woolens, followed on his heels and said 1
what he wanted cloth to be taxed. And a
so the procession went on down I
through all the schedules, and if any- 2
body wanted anything taxed all he had
to do was to tell the committee how
much it should be and it was done. And <
about all that the committee did was i
to say that n. o. p., which means all t
other articles not otherwise provided j
for should pay an ad valorem tax of
tortt-7ve pr @a.nn. That ia the way in
which these teaiff bills have been made
since the blessed year of our Lord 16S1.
It took the people of the country a
long time to find this out. It was not
done openly until within recent years
Men used to think that it would look
bad if people interested in having heavy
taxes laid on foreign goods should be
known to be deciding how much those
taxes should be; even the manufactur
ers felt shame-faced about it. But a
vice becomes a virtue if you look at it
too long, and of late years the commit
tees have given notice when they would
sit, and have asked all who wanted the
taxes fixed to come and tell them what
they wanted. Then the people came to
understand at last how their taxes
were made, and they rose and smote
these modern Philistines hip and thigh,
and drove them and their president and
senators and representative: out, and
put in a new lot of men to make their
tariffs--St. Paul Globe.
TRUSTS AND TARIFF REFORM.
The Outlook for Comblnes Is Anything
Bat neuaruagiug.
In the Chicago Tribune we find in one
column a vigorous denunciation of "the
diabolical trust combines," and in an
other this paragraph:
"'Within the last few weeks there has been a
decline of thirty-eight cents on the dollar in
sugar stocks, thirty-five in whisky, fifteen in
lead and cordage, and a rather extensive break
in some other trust stocks. The question ii
asked: What is to become of the so-called in
dustrials? The people who have money to In
vest speculatively have lost confidence is
them. and the bankers look askance when
asked-toloan money on those stocks as seen
ity, even at reduced prices. This in face of re*
ports, true or false, that profits continue
large, and the rate of income obtained from the
stock is generally supposed to be a pretty good
indication of its selling value in the market
It must he that there is a widespread fear of
competition by outside concerns attracted by
the reportedl profits, or an idea that legislation
will at no distant day render it impossible to
keep up their nefarious organizsations, or both.
Probably the latter consideration is the most
effective."
"Within the last few weeks" covers
the period bf the inauguration of
President Cleveland. Within that
time the reorganization of the govern
ment has proceeded in a Ibanner satis
factory to the people. The appointi
ment of Messrs. Carlisle, Gresham and
Morton, all ardent anti well-informed
tariff reformers, indicates that a new
spirit is to dominate all the depart
ments.
Tariff reform is not a measure which
can stand by itself; toit must be joined
economy in public expenditures, oppo
sition to paternalism, with a vigorous
and intelligent, an honorable and self
reliant public policy, which is the best
possible assurance of peace and pros
perity.
Naturally the outlook for trusts and
combines is anything but encouraging.
A trust is formed to limit domestic
competition, but what is the sense of
limiting domestic competition when a
reduction of the tariff will increase
foreign competition?
Trusts flourish most when the law,
the tariff law, shuts out all foreign
interlopers. "Protected" on that side,
the monopolists organize a trust to con
trol competition and advance prices at
home.
These so-called industrial stocks are
in fact trust stocks, stocks in compa
nies having monopolies more or less
complete. The assurance that the
democratic party intends to reform the
tariff not a little bit here, and a little
bit elsewhere, but to reform it alto
gether, naturally does more to depress
the price of trust stocks than a dozen
anti-trust bills like that drawn by Sen
ator Sherman.
The decline in the price of trust
stocks marks the advance in the pros
perity of the people.-Louisville Cour
er-Journal.
CLEVELAND'S APPOINTMENTS.
The President's Actlon IlIased on Ita
tional Reform.
There can be no doubt that MIr.
Cleveland means to make the distribu
tion of the offices a very subordinate
part of his administration. lie holds,
and rightly, that he has more impor- I
taut work on hand. But he is con
fronted with the same condition that
he found eight years ago. The public
offices are filled from top to bottom,
except in the classified service, with
republicans. They were appointed in
the main as a "reward for partisan ac
tivity." They have used their time
and their influence to promote the re
nomination and reelection of the presi
dent who gave them their'offices. They
represent the spoils system in its worst
development.
Such a public service affords no ra
tional basis of reform. It must be de
partisanized before the principle which
should govern it can be rationally and
justly applied.
But to fill these places with demo
cratic partisans, appointed in the same
way and for the same reasons, would
equally make a mockery of reform.
President Cleveland's character and his
words are a guarautee that he will not
so stultify himself.--N. Y. World.
POINTs AND OPINIONS.
-When President Cleveland fixes
upon a person who is in all respects
what Raum was not, the right man for
commissioner of pensions will have
been found.-Detroit Free Press.
-Since Secretary Carlisle took hold
the financial anxiety which pervaded
the country has been relieved. The
people have unbounded confidence in
the genuine article of statesmanship.
-Detroit Free Press.
--Ilt will be recalled that the Har.
rison administration made a specialt.y
of rewarding its personal friends and
punishing all who happened to dis
agree with it. That course did not
save it.--N..Y. Worl&d.
- After all it is the policy and the
ideas of the republican party and not
its leaders that render its prospects
hopeless. The organization must have
a new birth and new inspirations. It
has run its course on the old lines-
N. Y. World.
-Republicans feel that their party
has outlived its usefulness and that it
ought to die, but they have a touch
ingly pathetic faith that, unworthy as
they feel the party to be, the demo
crats will do something to make its
restoration to power ipevitable - St
Louis Reopublil.
TIRED OF PRACTICAL JOKES.
The Members of This Famintly Can still Feet
Their Hearts Thump aus the Resuli of
One.
There is one family in Brooklyn
which has resolved never again to play
practical jokes. This resolution was
brought about in a very peculiar way.
The family is excellently connected so
cially, and its fair name has never been
soiled by the smoke of scandaL
An innocent little joke a few weeks
ago, however, threatened temporarily
to do so. It was such a close call that
every member of the family can still
feel his heart thump. This is how it
all happened:
When one of the daughters was mar
ried, a short time ago, the rest of the
family demonstrated their good feeling
toward the young people by playing all
sorts of pranks on them. The brother
of the bride followed the expressman
who took the trunks to the railway sta
tion, and when he got around the cor
ner tacked rosettes of white ribbon all
over them. They went to their destina
tion decorated this way.
The younger sister of the bride added
to the humiliation of the couple by
sending a letter tied up in a pink rib
bon and addressed in large letters: i
"If not called for in ten days return
to the bride's parents, No. - street,
Brooklyn."
The bell boy who took the letter up
stairs smiled suggestively when the
groom received it and lingered for
something substantial, which the groom
was only too willing to give.
The brother of the bride was married
several weeks ago, and his sisters com
bined to "make him sick." They suc
ceeded unintentionally in upsetting the
entire family. He thought he was very
"foxy," and told his sisters they had
his permission to do anything they
pleased. lie refused to tell where he
and his bride purposed to spend their
honeymoon, but the young women dis
covered it.
They sent his bride a series of letters
and some one (identity not known)
sent telegrams to the various hotel 1
keepers, signed apparently by the i
groom's father, which read:
"If Mr. and Mrs. -- register at
your hotel please notify me at once at 4
No. - - street."
It was these telegrams which created 1
the disturbance. The hotel clerks
sniffed an elopement at once, and told 1
the correspondents of the New York 1
newspapers. They sent the "tip" by
telegraph to their papers. The city ed
itors noted that the name was good and
the locality first-rate, and reporters
were immediately sent out to work up 1
what promised to develop into a rat- I
tling story.
The first man to call stated what his
paper had received and asked for infor- 1
mation of the head of the house. That
individual was fairly paralyzed. He
called a convention of the family to or
der in the parlor, and there was the <
liveliest kind of a session. Each dele- I
gate wanted to explain at the same
time.-N. Y. Herald.
HOW WILLIAM WON HIS BRIDE.
mlarch of Fashio. Gave Hiim the seans of
Nupporting iHer in Luxury.
The haughty old Billy Goat stood at
bay, one forefoot resting upon a juicy
coil of wire, his head thrown proudly
back. Before him, in an attitude of
humility, stood young William, the
pride of Ashpile society.
"And so," panted the father, "you
wish to wed my lovely Nannie, my ewe
-ahem, kid; to take her from the lap
of luxury? Pray, tell me how you ex
pect to maintain her in the way to I
which she has been accustomed?"
Deeply abashed the youth murmured
something about the excellence of the
tomato-can crop, but even as he spoke
he felt that he was offering her only
the caramels of existence, not the bread.
The head of the irate parent went
down; he gave a snort of rage and was
about to use violence, when his fair
young daughter cast herself at his feet.
"I love him," she wailed. "For my
salve give him a chance to prove what
he can do."
"So be it," returned her father. "I
will give him twenty-four hours in
which to prove that he is able to sup
port you."
It was evening. The wind whistled
dismally along the streets of Engle
wood and raised playful cyclones to the
detriment of nostril and optic. Young
William heeded it not. lie was thought
fully chewing a newspaper and think
ing mournfully of his fate, for he feared
that he could never call the gentle Nan
nie his own. But suddenly, as he di
gested the "Daily Hint from Paris," a
great light dawned upon him. Madly
he rushed along the dusky streets until
he reached the home of his beloved.
"She's mine!" he shouted. "I can
now support her as well as you do.
Hoop skirts are coming in."
"Noble youth!" cried the parent in
accents of joy. "Take her, she is
yours."-Ohicago Tribune. t
1e 'Was Useful. C
Col. Hooks (to Oklahoma barber)-- t
Look here, Shingles! Can't you get rid C
of Alkali Ike any way? Nearly every t
time I happen into the shop I find him
cocked up by the stove telling some
horrible story about burning people at
the stake, or something of the kind.
Shingles (the barber)-Get rid of
him? Why, that's just what I pay him
for.
"In the name of kings! What for?"
"WVhy, he tells his tales of horror so
vividly that the hair of everybody pres
ent stands straight up on their heads
and is quite easy to cut as common."
National Tribune.
The Li.e of His Professlon.
"Where did you get that new boiled *
shirt?" asked one tramp of another.
"I came by it honorably in the line of I
my profession."
"The line of your professikn?" a
"Yes, sir. The clothes line."
'"Good! Come alonsg. The drinks are
on me."-Texas Siftings.
-A Floor-WValker.-Witherby on
had better send up half a dozen pairs of
theser slippers. Salesman-Pardon me, i
sir, but may I ask you what you want
so many for? Witherby-Triplets- e
Jodg.
TO PRESERVE BEAUTY.
Commonsense Rates of a soelety Lady
Who Uses No CosmetJen.
Women who wish to preserve their
youthful appearance and to avoid those
talebearers of age, wrinkles, should pay
attention to their mode of taking rest
In the first place, the soft, downy pil
lows,which seem to woo repose by their
inviting appearance should be strictly
avoided; and a round, long hair pillow.
placed under the nape of the neck after
the fashion of the little wooden blocks
used by the Japanese women, should
be employed. These blocks are hol
lowed out to fit exactly the nape of the
neck, so that the elaborate headdress of
the Japanese girls may not be disturb
ed, for it is not an easy matter to ar
range the smooth bands of hair which
fogp the chief ornament of a Japanese
woman's toilet, and they are seldom
taken down.
A correct position of the body in
sleeping should also be observed, and
the most perfect rest is obtained by
lying on the back. Care should be
taken to have the chest slightly raised
and the shoulder blades flattened
against the back. The hair pillow then
placed under the neck will throw the
head slightly back, raising the chin,
and thereby giving needed rest to the
muscles of the face, particularly those
around the mouth and eyes, and the
formation of lines under the chin will
be lessened. It is a very bad habit to
sleep with the mouth open, as it not
only stretches the muscles at the side
of the mouth, but is also extremely bad
for the teeth when the slightest acidity
of the stomach prevails.
Of course, as the face reflects the
emotions of the mind, those muscles
which are most frequently used leave,
in becoming relaxed, ineffaceable lines.
It is well, therefore, if one must have
wrinkles, to take care that they shall
be pleasant ones. The habit of wrink
ling the forehead is a very common
fault. Some people can not talk with
out distorting the face in the most hor
rible manner, thinking that this gives
greater emphasis to what they are say
ing. This is a mistake, and it would
be well if these people could have a
mirror suspended before them for one
day, so that they would become aware
how greatly they detract from their ap
pearance by so doing.
We find that people of a phlegmatic
temperament retain their youth longer
than those of a nervous, excitable dis
position. Do not hurry or worry, and
thereby allow that ugly little scowl to
become fixed between your eyebrows.
Things taken quietly will soon arrange
themselves. Cultivate, therefore, re
pose of mind and manner.
Eat regularly and not too much.
Bathe every day and change the gar
ment next the skin very frequently.
Take plenty of outdoor exercise.
Wash the face with hot water and
pure palm oil soap at night; rinse with
cold water to restore a healthy tone to
the skin.
Bathe the neck and shoulders occa
sionally with alcohol to keep the flesh
firm and hard, also the arms.
Do not wear the same veil very long
as the dust settles in it and will injure
the complexion.
Try to preserve a happy, contented
disposition, and you will be beautiful
even though an old woman.-Boston
Traveller.
ABOUT FRANKNESS.
It Is an Excellent (uality It Harshness
Hie Avoided.
Frankness is a quality to be com
mended in either man or woman. The
person who looks you straight in the
eyes and tells you candidly what he
thinks without hesitating or stammer
ing will win your confidence, even
though the truths he utters may be
very unpleasant to listen to.
It is just this fact that prevents peo
ple from being genuinely honest in the
expression of their sentiments, as
frankness borders so frequently upon
brutality that rather than wound the
feelings of another a polite evasion
takes the place of absolute truth. So
ciety white lies are largely due to this,
for say what you will the girl or wom
an who sets out on her social career de
termined to be quite frank on every oc
casion is certain to be very unpopular
if she carries out her intention.
Some one may say that such a condi
tion of affairs sets a premium upon dis
honesty. That is too harsh a statement
It should be said rather that it teaches
the beauty of silence on occasions when
to give utterance to one's thoughts is
sure to wound. For instance, if one
woman says to another, "I hope my
pictures will be good; I am such a hard
subject, you know," it would be wiser
for the other to say, "I hope so," and
drop the subject entirely, than to re
mark, "Yes, you are plain looking.
Why, when you come to analyze your
face you haven't a single good feature.
You must indeed be a very difllicult sub
ject for the artist"
Of course, hundreds will say that
they never would be so rude; yet that
conversation did actually occur, and
there are many other instances where
excessive frankness wounds by its very
truthfulness. If you do not like a
thing, unless you are certain your opin
ion will not offend, keep still about it,
for there is safety in restraining the
utterance of thoughts far more than in
their hasty and ill-advised expression,
for while speech is silver, judicious
silence is pure gold. - Philade.phia
Times
Gowns totr ouug tfitrls.
Empire gowns for young girls-girls
at that age which in them is called
"awkward" and in boys "hobbledehoy,"
are much worn and very becoming. A
simple, inexpensive one seen the other
evening was of crimson cheese cloth
and black velvet The neck, cut a
little round, was edged with a ruffle of
black lace. The sleeves were immense,
and so added to the importance and size
of the slender maiden. They were
gathered in at the wrists with black
ace ruffes. The sash was of black
velvet and was fastened between the
shoulders by a large rosette of black
velvet Then it was drawn under the
arms to the front and tied in a big bow
with long ends, which fell as far as the
knee. The skirt was fnished by three
bands of black velvet. It was very be
coming to the half-gro.n curly head I
who W*re it--PhilUdelphia Titmai
USEFUL AND SUGGESTIVE.
-To Cook an Old FowL--Put it on In
a small quantity of cold water with a
teaspoonful of good vinegar, and as the
water boils down add more cold water.
It is much better than to use boiling
water, as most cooks da-Detroit Free
Press.
-Oyster plant may be used for soup
just as celery is, making a cream soup
that very closely resembles real oyster
broth. Cut up and boil tender the sal
sify; when it is mashed to a pulp, add
milk and seasoning, as in cream of
celery soup.-N. Y. Times.
-Meringue Pudding,-Line a deep
pudding dish with slices of sponge
cake, cover with a layer of jelly or jam,
pour over a rich custard and set in the
stove for fifteen minutes, take out, pile
meringue over the top, set in a very hot
oven one minute. Serve with sauce.
Home.
-Boiled Rice Pudding.-Wash a cup
ful of rice in three waters, put it in oat
meal kettle and pour over it two cup
fuls of cold water, stir in a cupful of
raisins, let it cook half an hour, then
add a quart of milk and a teaspoonful
of salt, cook two hours more, serve
with cream and sugar.- N Y. Ob
server.
-A delightful sponge 'take is made
by beating the yolks of six eggs and
two cups of sugar together and adding
the beaten whites; add to this mixture
one cup of flour and ten tablespoonfuls
of boiling water; then a second cup of
flour and two teaspoonfuls of baking
powder; essence to taste; bake in a
moderately hot oven.
Oyster Sauce.-Cut off the beards and
boil them with the liquor with a bit of
mace and lemon peel. In the meantime
throw the oysters in cold water and
then drain them, strain the spice from
the liquor, put it into a saucepan with
the oysters, with two ounces of buster
rolled in flour, and a gill of rich milk or
cream. Let it boil once, squeeze in a
little emon juice, and serve it hot.
-Delicious Almond Cake-Take the
whites of six eggs, one pound of pulver
ized sugar and an ounce of ground cin
namon, a pound of almonds, blanched
and chopped fine, and the grated rind
of one lemon; mix all together until
quite stiff; roll moderately thin, using
as little flour as nossible; cut in shape
of stars, and bake in a very slow oven.
-Yankee Mince Pie.-Four water
crackers, one teaspoonful ground cloves,
one teaspoonful allspice, one teaspoon
ful cinnamon, one nutmeg grated, one
pint boiling water; put to steep over
night; then add one cap molasses, one
cup sugar, one-half cup good vinegar.
one cup chopped raisins, one egg beat
en, one tablespoonful melted butter,
currents to suit, brandy to taste. The
above will make five pies.-Farm, Field
and Fireside.
--Kentucky Potatoes.-Slice the po
tatoes as for frying, and coolk in cold
water half an hour. Parboil in a frying
pan, pour the water off, and let them
stand on the fire uncovered till the
steam is driven off; brown a spoonful of
butter or fat and pour over them a
minute after; then cover the potatoes
with milk, in which they should boil
till done. Salt and lpepper while cook
ing, and watch lest they burn. There
should be just milk enough when done
for a creamy gravy, thickened by the
starch of the potatoes-Boston Globe.
STUDYING HUMANITY.
Contrasted Life and Death ProJeet the
lrind Into the Future.
Very little respect is shown the poor
ly dressed stranger in New York. In
that respect, however, New York is not
widely different from other big cities of
the world. The greater the crowd the
greater the rush, and the greater the
rush the less time we have to inquire
into the condition of our fellow-man.
We are more likely to take him as
he appears to be. If a man be well
dressed and clean, and bears upon hi
exterior the manners of a gentleman
welt, we call him a gentleman and let
him go at that. If he looks like a loafer
or acts like a loafer we set him down as
a loafer. In either case we may be mis
taken, but it goes. We haven't time to
investigate closely. If we had, life is
so awfully short we would probably de
vote the time to something more conge
nial.
Knowing this, I always feel an unus
ual interest in the little knot of my fel
low creatures in front of a William
street surgeons' supplies window.
There is always about the same num
ber of people there-men and boys
very seldom persons of the opposite
sex. Business men, clerks, messenger
boys, vagrants-all engaged in the
noblest study of mankind-man. It is
barely possible the poet didn't have this
particular lesson in his mind when he
wrote.
It consists of the white and disorgan
ized bones of some individual whose
usefulness on earth closed not with the
end of the thing men called life. Ar
*ranged in a New York show window
with an artistic hand these .relics of
one who was born, lived, had a career
and died appeal to the eye of the liv
ing by way of instruction, curi
osity and entertainment. No fashion
able garments from the skilled
hand of the London tailor pro
claim this a gentleman. No foul
smelling rags call upon us to despise
him. He neither patronizes nor com
mands, is neither a beggar nor a bor
rower. He claims our passing attention
by neither dirt nor diamonds. Rb
neither articulates nor is articulated.
Yet there is a certain fascination in his
very disorder. You find it difficult to
pass without counting up his various
particles, just to see it they are all
there-although you know that it
could make no possible difference
to either you or him. With the
same want of reason you feel as
it you must object to the arrangement
of his ribs-one being in the wrong
place; but you are restrained by con
ventionality. And when you join tMe
great pushing throng still on earth,
you wonder, mechanically, whethr
the bones of any of those who are now
jostling you and against whom yoa
jostle will ever serve so use9far a turn.
And, if so, would the present Williama
street style of wearing the -bath54t
the uture SitUation9?--, Y, Woul,