LAFAYETThE GAZ
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, APRIL 13, 1895. NUMBER 6.
-._. , . . .- . . . . . . . . .. . .
r7:IItrr: o~ ·er11 j , ~ - 1111 11 4-1·
- " " -DBALERS IN
General
,Merchandise.
L.weicst Pr ices' Consistent With
S Quality of Goods.
S -Lnceid a.ue, : . IAFAYETTE, LA.
.·:r J. ": I3tAP.- STORE.
LOUIS. NOLLIVE
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
. lnd Optician,
Opposjitr Mouton & Salles' Stoee.
* LAFAYETTE, LA.
fold medal awarddc. at Exposltion of
'1878. repairing of fine watches a spe
.ecalty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. CAREM CO WVT
LAFAYETrrE LA.
The system of education Includes tbo
Veench and English languages, Music
.. d all lkinds of needle-work. Every
attontion will be givt.n to tlhe health
and comfort of those placed under the
taro of the Sisters.
For t'erms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT alid SUPPLY SHOP.
Near ank I.sAil.iilag.
FIED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
dune. All work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guarantood.
i. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
.LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. U. VOORHIES,
TTORNEY AT LAW AND
. NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lareyete., Lea.
It. W. EILIOTT,
Attorney- at Law
and Notary Public
- LAFAYETTE, I.A.
0. C. & J. MOUTON,
. .l.ttornxeys at -naw,.
LAFAYETTE, LA.
S.idney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND Stable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-classrigs at reasonable prioe*
Careful drivore furnished when required
LAFAYEITTE. LA.. -
jan 17.
. DEBAILLON,
"WP actlce in Lafayette, St. Mary
and V lion Parishes. and the Su
preme a ,deral Courts at Opelousas
and New dnJdhs.
* 4a'Al NcETw". LA.
BAILlOAD-  E1IL SiOP.
Lincoln- AvenuO ar .Depot.
'III E - OLD 1t ITABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, ' oprietor..
- " AND
Sale Stable
&i COUSTANTIII, Propritor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
Ad practitioner in thoeState 22 yoars,
and in Lafayetto Parish, 11 years, call,
a'tention to his new andsuccoaful troeat
mwent of the respiratory organs. Modi
el Inhalations combined with consti
Stutional treatment affording a cure ia
Consumption, in the first and second
period if they follow exactly the treat.
beentand relief in the third period.
Deafness and chronlia diseases in gen- I
*ral a hpecialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Puiblic
--- D---
Justice of the Peace; .
- et• and.Promptattentiof given t
.m...i~e "8ri.ndL parcnaso of mds st- 1
C. 'I, VIOUT ON,
THE SUN IS ALWAYS SHINING.
lt storm clouds gather on IWs's wag,
o use to fret about it;
In other clinmes the sun t111 shbinet
'Tworo -oliashness to dual t It.
And though it be so dark that we
Can seo no silver lining.
This aruth we know, for it is so,
The sann Is always habning.
And it the night fails datrk fnd drear,
Take courage in betliting
That morning light will soon appear;
Tlherer4 no use a grloeving.
Ajad though somoehmos we cannot sea
"'he cloud with sllver lining,"
VWre know xis true, in ether blue.
Somewhere she litn is shining.
SThbeortaof day sails on its way,
t'he storms are all below it;
It needs no sage to turn the page.
And read this truth-we know !tt
. hen letps bear of life our sha\es
And try to cease repining:
S This truth we know, thrOuth for br les;
an to a 'rway' gtal WYorld.
ABE, you're
plum' simple
about 'tl!'y
A url.- As ef
good worsted,
`it1I made up to
home, wasn't
good enoughi
Sfor her StUl
day's best,
S ,. that you must
go and get her
a silk mixed and a mantel maker to
cut and baste it. In mnine and your
mother's days we didn't have such fine
0 fixin's."
C "But society makes more require
ments now than it did then, Aunt
e Jemimy."
"It don't require paupers. to be
dressed in silk mixed no more now
than it did then, and it's not accordin'
to fitness."
"You must not call Satiry a pauper
to me, Aunt 'Mime. You know she had
respectable bornin', "and it's not her
f) ault that she's poor ahd an orphan.
When mother and me took her to raise
--a little, slim, big-eyed thing of ten
I promised I'd be a-a parent to her,
and I ain't no cause to regret all I've
t done for her, for she's been more than
t a daughter to--to mother. She's so
kind and good that even the cats love
her more than common."
" ' "That's 'cause site gives them their
eatin'. It's`a sinful wasto, the-plates
of good broken vittels she sets down to
them dats."
"Aunt 'Mime, I think we can feed
two cats off our table scraps without.
its bein' imputed any great extrava
gan.'e, 'specially as the mice would
pretty nigh take us if we didn't keep
'em. As for Satiry, every brute critter
o o the place loves her."
"An' some that ain't brute critters
too, I'm guessin'."
Gabriel colored and gave his aunt a
sidelong glance. She saw, but, pre
tending not to, went on:
"Hlow's her an' Luke Snell gettin' on?
You've trigged hler out so fine now I
reckon he'll be poppin' the question
pretty soon, for fear some of the other
fellows gts ahead of himhn; for It can't
be. gainsaid that S'tiry Ann has plenty
of admirets, but for my part I never
coull see any beauty in a 'complexion
of chalk and cheese. Shouldn't wonder
if, she'd make a heap of doctor's ex
pense for the man that marries her."
"Sptiry'fas perfect health, aunt."
"'No sign she'll always have;. but if
Luke wants to risk it I reekon he's
able,. an' it's none of our.concbrn:" -
Gabriel' flushed again,. - '~nd then
turned pale to the tips of his fingers,
all the blood in his being seeming to
sunrge in one great' wave about his
hWtmust be going," said he, rising.
"Must I tell mother you'll" be over to
morrow? She wanted special for you
to come."
"Yes; I reckon."
"It's wonderful how Gabe sticks up
for i'tiry Ann," said the aunt, as she
loked after the retreating form of her
'nephew, "an' tain't for nothin' neither
or I miss my reekopjn' I wish Luke
would marry her oYdEand an' get her
out of the way,- for I'don't want my
children knocked out of the prospect of
inheritin' the best farm in the county
by that little white-faced thing. Men's
never too old to make fools of them
selves, an' Gabe's only thirty."
Yes, only thirty; that was all, but he
had been called "Old Gabe" so long
that lthe idea of seniority had long
since attached to him. ile had not re
sented the appellation when, in his
teens, it' was first applied to hin, but
now, as he pursued his way along the
meadow path, it impressed him witha
keen sense of injustice.
"I wonder if Satiry cares aiything
out of the common-for Luke Snell," he
went on tiinking. "I never thought of
them as anything but friends till Aunt
'M1ime set me on it to-day. It's plain
she doesn't think of there being any
thing in me for a young girl to fancy.
I wonder if she really has a suspicion
of the state of my feelins, and what
she'd think if she had. Think me a
fool, I reckon; which I s'pose I am.
Well, if it's to be Luke, I'll not stand
*.n the way, and most of all, I'll never
let Satiry guess. She's more than life
to me, and it'll be more than death to
give her up and make no sign, but old
Gabe can do it."
Wise Aunt 'Mime! She had counted
not amiss on the effect her words
would have on Gabe. Once make him
think that Satira's happiness depqpded
on Isa silence, and he could die and
nake no sign. "For, if she loves Luke,
it would pain her kind little heart to
*know that I care," thought he; but a
great surge of pain swept his being as
he thought how in the plenitude of
his affection he had lavished on his
heart's idol the personal adornments
he so rejliced to 'oestow, only the soon
er to lose her because of uhe added at
traotions they gave her !in the eyes of "
a younger and handsomer rival; but,
having made hibP renunciation, it was y
thea. nu of the mau that it be whole
3. souled, and thenaeforth he did what
he could to make, as he supposed, the
waters of true love rutn smooth.
It soou became evident to hint thai
SLtuke had a "more than eomiin fafiiidy"
for Satire, and he did not stop to ques
tiont for a mtoment that she returned
the sentiment, so if he often hurt her
by his own coldness and change of de
meanor, he was unconseiets of it, and
Aunt Jamiune failed not to help alonu
the illusion that it was, as she ex
pressed it, "a sure case between the
young folks."
"Why do you never get me to hell,
you with your flggCrt' anly mkoe?"
Satira ,entured timidlyS oiec eveuing,
whaf tiabriet tvns atrhggling with esi-
eral pages of accounts:.
"I s'posed ytlh Wouldn't care to
"Why now!" with an accent and a
searching glance, but he avoided meet
ing her eyes. Dared he let her sit he
side him, as in the olden time--nomn
three months in realityV, bitt .t afts as
rekonekoct y ,what he had fr lt irdid sauf
fete--hitBd risk tMd idbidelital thuch of
ies little Mitkigers, or her fluffy hair, per
Cehance, against his cheek, as they bent.
over the ledger together.
"This once," love pleaded, ere hi' ntt
e swered:" "If .yot' fe ifie you don't
e nIudf I'd r 6 proud to have you."
h "If he's sure I don't mind. Why will
he treat: all my little kindnesses so
cool, and as if lie thought I didn't mean
t them? And he's done st0 muhli foi mne.
Seems as it all at once he's got set
l' against meI," Satira was thinking, as
she went on adding, subtracting,. mul
tiplying and dividing, the pain in her
tender little heart growing heavier and
:r heavier as the slow Minutes ticked
1 away, for it was in vaitl that Gabridl
r tried to seent his ownii natural self, and
e(ia order to avoid "making a fool of
himself," he assumed a coldness of de
meanor that was chilling to her, so
It that it was with the utmost effort that
she kept a steady voice as she went on.
At last the effort becamie too nilch
" for her. "Nlne and nine are eighlteen
and seven are twenty-five, with two to
carry," she faltered, and just then a big
d tear splashed down on the page ana
she could not see what came next.
Gabriel turned and took her face hb
tween his two hands, and fhr the flt*.t
time in weeks looked squarely in her
eyes, but thle long lashes drooped, the
e blood mounted to her face and two more
n tears rolled slowly down her cheeks.
"What is it, Satira? Is it anything
e about Luke?' Maybe old Gabe clan
make it right for yon, if It's only a
r lover's quarrel."
"Lover's nonsense! Bother Luke! I
wish I never had seen him."
"WVhy. aren't you engaged to him, 1
d Satiry?"
Lt "No; I'm not."
"But you love him, don't you?"
d "No; I never!"
p "Do you love anyone, Satity?"
The flushed face dropped lower, but
no answer came. le raised her face
, again.
"Satiry. look at me."
a For an instant only, the gray eyes
unveiled themselves, but Gabriel tieWa
&-L
r
-s -"
'BRIEL TOOK HER .F hA .'Vi N T ma
that In their depths which set'his nerves'
P thrilling.
e "Satiry,'cap it be possible that you
r love me?" "
r "Would it be so very wonderful. if I
e did?" w
r "It would be a glimpse of the Delec
V table' mountain, after wallow "n' fot
f ages in the Slough ofetDeslpod."
V "There's some that deserve to stand
a plump'on top of the Dolectable moun
tain, for very goodness," answered
Satira.
e "Satiry," there was a ring of pai" 'n
r his voice, "do you love me for w fat
C I've done for you?"
"I love you because-just because I
s love you."
t "And you do not think me old and i
S ugly?"
S"Old and ugly!"
That was all she said, but there was
r a look in her eyes, a ring in her voice
Sthat satisfied him.
" 'Oh, Satiry!" as his arms encircled
t her, "an hour ago I thought I was the I
most miserable of men; now I know
SI'm the happiest."
So Aunt M1ime's heirs lost their pros
pect of "inheriting the finest farm in
the" county" after. l.-(Good Housq
Skeeping. "
Lodgalng SNot losaan g
SIn one of the few letters that have I
Sbeen preserved, written by Luttrell, i
Sthere are some amusing lines which i
i may thus be explained. The letter a
was written from Dropmore to Rogers; v
L there had been some joke between them
Sabout a stingy friend, one of their a
Scoterie, and a Greek epigram appearet q
to illustrate his miserly characteristic. a
Luttrell had translated the Greek, and, v
as he says: "The following is as close
a fit as I can make it in English:"
"Cries -, in his closet once spying a mause:
'Pray what business have you, little friend, in E
my house?' t
Says the moose, with a smile, to the lover or
hoardlog:
'Don't be frightened: 'tie lodging I look for,
not boarding.'" "a
To which might be addedlt the way r
of retort courteous:
S'Sinuce that's ll,' replies 4 *") 'Cwould be
herd to dean yor.: a
Yeu may lodge hew yau oasizt utO btinrd ~ I a
-u
I WOMANVD HOM.
HILDCfhiLF'S FACES.
Yot bring me peace. O i.tnocent tehild faIest
With your cloar. questioning ev..
Tour fairy forms, your swCeet. unconscies
graces,
Your lips wheeqlaughter lies.
Out in thobpord toe clng, I grow heart-weary;
But in these leisure days,
SThrowing aside the old routine so dreary.
I Join the children's plays.
What fun we hsve! What skating and what
racing,
Out in thoe tot anii dawI
*hlt battin with the north WInd; iaeesi and
biaelni:
That sets the itood strbwi
twilight. round my chair they love to gather.
To hear the story told-
Herolo t-:les of many a -:rave forefather
In stirring dayg. of old.
Ofttimes I pass the room where they are lying,
Each in a snowy b .1,
And hear my !itto name-child swestlg trying
TO Zile' t tt' "Fdorl Ii's 1,
Sod blbss tii~ihl:i'n witil toer rosy faces!
'liteir oves li!:o truth's ilC:tr well:;.
Iheir loving hearts, their mant IIeavenly
graces.
Their lips. where laughter dwells4.
-IL A. Mc W!asm; tin ODeniorost's Magazine.
BEDROOM SLIPPERS.
Especially Adapted for Wear in the Even
Ing or at Night.
No one should sleep with cold feet.
Nathitg l in idetrirnesital it godd h-diitii
at iefreshiiig sieep. If thi feet Oire cold
di going to bed, knit or crocheted bed
room "slippers should be worn. They
may, be made of any color desired; a
dark wine color, scarlet or da.rk .R'a
are all serticejible. 'bOFl (ui i'c aeieih
Wlid irefeiitn riitting td c ociieting, the
dipper here illustrated is a good model. 1
It is more especially adapted for wear
at night as suggested, being high
around the ankle.
They are knitted in looped knitting. I
Loops inside. Use six ounces of (Gcr
mantown yasrnu. pair of bohie ieedles Nd;
0, it ait', Oi eork sCleC: Yirjnd -~sarri in
tWd balls, iahd work from each ball at
once.
Commence across the instep, by cast
ing on twenty-seven stitches. Knit the t
ENIT BEDIROOM SLIPPER.
first row plain. Second row-Insert the
needle in the first stitch as if about to
knit, put the wool WveV thi puiht of tiha'
neeile and ardiiiic e te t.0r3! eine u3 `
the left hand twice; then wool again 1
hOvei the needle, and. knit the stitch in i
thi usuail mantir; -drawing all three
thletlis of Wtool through, knit the other
stitches in the same way.
Third row-Plain knitting. Fourth
row-Looped knitting the same as di
rected fotthenecond row, bet de'erasa
in the niitiie of" thd3 ifw by knitting
tWIO stitches together. Fifth rdiw-=
Plain. Repeat the last twvd rdwl till
you have nnl tsl@Vei stitches on the
e~- 1i and cast off. This is the front
df the slipper. Now holding the tloP
side of the kiiittlig W}e:iKhZI y ti.; ~ic5l
Ii tWelVeo o the cast on stitches, knit
ting each stitch as you pick it up. Knit
one row of looped knitting and one iow B
of plain knitting, alternately, till you
have a piece long .e.oug)t to relih
around the hees! thi d 1 Join ohi to the
etthiih 'side of the front.-, Next make the l
frill round' the ankle by casting on four 1
stitches and knitting in the same man- ¬
ncr a piece sufficient to go round the
top of thesipper, sew It. in so th}t th@
loonpe cme it t i Aoutside. Now neatly :
biAld the solo with a piece of narrow c
ribbon, and sew the work on to it
Finish with a nice bow of satin ribbon
on the instep.-Farmnt FIph1 R. U 'tl
side
fattlers as Hlousehold Petk . i
All this occurred near Scottsbnrg, 1
Ind.: Dennis Richey liar hi. ia.ii int- i
tlosnalt h. r~iils id. Mir. Richey and 1
faihily live on Finley's Knob. lHe cap- 1
tured-the snake and its mate about a
year ago. He has kept them in a close I
cage to prevent harm Last .Siiiicsa
She crept fro het ari WjIi3e 'i
ftllnll3y *i i sASicp. At 9 a. m. Mrs.
itlchey was awakened by the crying of
her baby. She reached over and there i
was the sound of something dropppg
from the eradle to the ihf3d. Mrir.
Bicher. !lto hearing an unusual noise, i
&ioso from his bed and started to in. t
vostigate. In doing so he stepped upon
She, which sounded its warning, but r
strangely did not strike. As the snake
wriggled upon the iloor Mi -. iichey,
without forked stickt or gid:es, caught i
het and returned her to the cage. Then
he onitad that its mate, Jumbo, had es
caped, and after a seatch he found the
rattler and caught it in the same many .r
ner. Mr. and Mrs. Richey have tibis !
solutely no fear of thit peots, and de- t
clare that turoe r no.. danger of being e
bitten by t ..
lflW to Wash Silk Waists.
Wash silk \waists do not alwalv s wash
well becasgg Of Igihi~ace of the proper
,ay 6 laIndering them, Add a tea'
spooinful of borhct t sohie ukewarm e
water tid euuoughf ined Miiffij l t
make ealt suds. Rub through the e
hands carefully: Instead of wringing P
draw the silk through the tightly clasped 0
hatd, It all the dirt has not beidn taken
out, wash again; then rinse in several
waters tq which have been added a
pinch of bortax or a half dozen drops of
ammonia Do not, let the silk become u
quite dry before ironingl then use a o
moderately hot iron, as a.very hot one ,
will scorch the ai3, a
Three ups6out' cup 0 ofil.
Fry In a pan till -a nice Wrosl, l
then add two cups of water and one
cup of chopped vegetables." %ii well
together and roll up p 6 ump. Make
a dressin g r would for ai flesh r
I!.?r* Ieai ol theonieat and in- a
etosa the ' sin. Put In the oven 1
Mand bak, to p nice brown, basting with a
" grtmade of .oil and towned four r
PR.RErfY tEA 00ZIE.
our nslssa 'C.ousin Cdaslider he' s
Dulanty Trifles Ind9'peildabt d
Our English cousins have long conl
sidered a- tea cosy an indispensable
comfort itrid ednveniclicel nid with the
custom now. becoming so gendieal all
over our country of serving the sociabld
five-o'clock cup, its use is growing in
favor here. In Germany, as well as
England, tlky are also used over the
coffee-pot; and are even more useful
for that purpose, -sine~ coffee often
stands lo.nger,, with ni re chance of
coolbig, before it is dranpt than tea.
It w-ill siiuplify the itiang to buy a
cozy-pad; filled with eide-P-owfit they
SQUA?.5 COZ. -
cost one dollar, but, of course, can be
inside for less. A long hals=ovail i the
usual shape; and another is shodw~
which is cut square across the top, and
has melon-shaped'gords oil the side.
About twelve inches broad azid twelvd
deep ;S a good size. If you make the
jtid, the pieces for the inside must be
cut a little smaller oi thd uiired edges
than the outer pieces; after the. curVied
seams are sewed, slip the smaller one
within the other, letting the seams all
come inside, fill the spa0 between the
two with cottes or, eider-down, then
sewv the lo'er strai-ght edges together.
The first te-cozy is coderbd with old.
ose chidrnois and lined With chest:
nut silk: A ihi t i-ibhii 44".. wamd
shade as the lining, and 'emiroidea'
with gold and brown silks. decorates,
the outside, and the edges-- are pinked.
The pad for this has of course to be out
th at,. shape, end has a melon
shaped gore on the fide . t:.. i tlhng
allowance must be uiade- for the pinked
edges of the chamois, which extend.be
yond the lining. If destined to cover a
low, squat tea-pot, the cozy shouYd be
tidle i.alioer then the dimensions
given, which aire th8 it.eragde bitt bY hd
means obligatory.
The second illustration shows a cozy
covered with white linen and lined
with yellow India silk. A puff of the
silk is put over-the curved edge of, the
itad: afin the 1i¶eil; whiqh is l|iished
with buttonholed scallops and has eyes
let holes worked in each scallop, is
laced together over the puff. Ae-on
- Hi-LF-OAL CozY.
ventionalized floral de.-ign and tih
word "Tea" are embroidered on one
side.
NIimpler than either o these, and
quilte cip p fi -et at-iy s cotul4deties Gov
ered with the Japsiiosd ie sai if tb'ed
be selected with a free, but not too
lunvish, use of gilding, the effect is very
gay and rich. A.three-inch band of
dark plush, velvbt oae sa'tin, around the
isarrni; iiddul.hi ,ci' id ti1*i boduityj
and the edges an.be finished with gold
or silk cor; --r~oe:n ',-gl azine.
D~ol t. Treat Ink tlpotee
ifriht ra '' i eh Iiii If r c ldan .Pth h'as
mnct ay be acconplishest if they ard
only treated in time. One good remedy
is to tear blotting paper to pieces and
hold the rough edges on the ink when
it is freebly spile4d:. if here is .n
blotting paper at hand c6tfV tile spol
with Indian meal, or liquid ini may be
absorbed by cotton batting. :-Vhen ink
is spilled the first earý should be to
pif'ecnt It frta-i sp-.iat. r Ariotfhes
mediately wash the stained article in
several waters and-then in milk, letting
it soak in the milk for several hours.
noether .manner. of removingL alloep
dinary inik stains is to w ash the articic
immediately in vinegar and water and
then in soap and water." No mattez
what is used for removing the ink, the
stain must be rubbed well.
'dt Mike g a Orlofait dffas
An unused single white fron bed-hai
been put to use and disguised in a very
clever way by a lady living in a very
small fiat. In one corner, against the
old blue of the wall, has been hung a
wijif of dull ted cdtterin and into this
c6o6iiei has bdel thltsit the bed. Across
the mattress is thrown a curtain of dull
embroidery, Agaisat the :siall,.about
a thhud o the wi'ay front the heed of the
led, has been fastened an irOti crane of
curiouris pattern, from the end of which
hangs a quaint eastern lamp. Over the
crane is thrown a long piece of richly
embroidered silken drapery, the ends of
thl drapery falling over and concealing
either entd of the bed. Innumerable
pillows of bright hues bestrew thti
originally-1lanned sofa~, and no more
desirable sugd} gn of the orient isha'
be found anyvvhere -
sah B brardt'i Curious ronsed.
Everyone hasc ie~'d pf Sarah Bern.
hardt's curious bed, which is like no
other one to be seen in Frakn8 or else
where. It is nearly fifteen feet broad,
and when the fascinating Sarah Is in
dlsiO i 2gA receives her ifkhmate
friends re _s o' couch she looks
( e red-phln irfd floating oe a
lrea s o white satin. ~ .
To Clesan Cu'nt Glass.
Cut glass, washed 1in warm soapsuds,
rinsed in hot, but not boiling, water,
and stood in a pan of dry sawdust till
dry, the~xn brushed with a soft brush
and rubbed with a piece of chnmois,
will have every bit of itt bjilliant ta"
tI iwa linrlZ y bronght out,
A REED SHAKEN.
The Pitiabtl spetactl Pre.seted by the
•z-t ar as a Trimmer.
When tle committee of ways and
means took up the..question of saving
sixteen million dollars to! the taxpayers
by authorizing gcld boz cis for the re
cent loan. r T. 'T . . Rcd. the repub
lican leader, opposed the measure.
When the currency bill, as amelded,
was before the house, Mr. Reed did not
vote on the first roll call, and did not
vote on the second roll call until he
had had time to ascertain by a simple
tnathematical device that the bill was
surely defeated. The lihe recorded his
honorable name h- the afiirinativo. A
ehanAe of a very few votes, say a dozen,
with .t little diumming up of dodging;
members, would haf! Srdried the pas
sage of the bill It is our inp'ession
that a much greater change than that
could have been senureol by Mr. Reed
had he so wished. While the bill was
pending in committee of the whole Mr.:
heed dividod the republicans who
vonuld have voted for the bill as a
whole by raising the question of pay
ment in gold. lie proposed a substi
tute Which in the midst of a number of
Ednfiidlstg provisions included payment
in coiri, he tit the time knowing per
fectly well that pay sient in gold was
of the essence of the measure, and that
no other mode of payment would meet
the requirements of the situation.
Here we have the short and simple an
nails of the very poor statesmanship of
Mr. Reed.
It is related of the once brilliant and
aggressive gentleman from 1ihine, in
the year 1890, when the Sherman bill
vas urged as the only means of pre
venting a free- coinage bllt, and when
it was sugigested that a free coippage
bill Wdild in any ease be vetoed" by
President HarriSndil that Mr. Reed re
marktd that he, ws not hequgainted
with anoxon wlfo frnew what Mr. ta.r
-rilori w lid do of ardcd not d~o with
such a bill. The president was at that
tibal i cjpd te for renomination, and
the signicairee of Mr. Reed's remark
waa dovious , l. iteed is now himself
.an aspirt oi t* j ii*ssideritial tbmiina
tion. " Is he acqjuainted *ititi anyone
who kndws whht he will do or will riot
do on 4ny matter that may affect the
•sathifptai6*a-.of-hiJ. legitimate but de
i it6Iiaitsy amusbiion? 'ihse doubt sug
~goted by the qiietioin s 'hitter, but it
is inevitaible. Mr." Reed's oWn coorse
cobpp&T it! The once courageijus and
rather contemptuous. weprcpontative,
who ooamplle4 ' adtiration for his
et~hdof and respect .for his sincerity,
howeveF hia f.ti. bntt~ lacked in a an
ners, has vanished,' and Ini iis place we
see the halting, timid, scheming, half
suppliant politician, squirming and
twisting around whatever he fancies
hllif bdit obstwacle in his path.
And theo elc.ittent hi this spo.ctacle
that. is at once kitifui aicd igrtesrRn ue is
that, of all possible -.dys, this, for a
man of"Mr. Rled's mind and tempera
f~ilt; is the least likely to lead to suc
cess. It is iid $e'tf Smnverse of that
which his great rival, isS. Illtino, fol
lowed to tragic failure. Natiaifaty a
plotter, the latter assumed' tue man
her and sought to make the reputation
tf is dashing and open-hearted leader.
Mi . iici~; ltut'ieg ashowrn that he is by
nature a brave amid sjiiited fighter,
now seeks the advantages of a sit' it'd
trimmer. What is common to both ca
mie· %', tlt was fatal in one and is full
of perik for tizd tilid;. i the contra
4tiction between the real chtl'iiater and
that assumed. Mr. Blaine could slot
win the confidence due to a bold leader
besictse QA heat he was not one, and
Mr. held Oritid tgatil by, the arts of
the tricky politiciati 0dii. Oth Sdvant
tage they are capable of giving ledsiii8
at heart he-doeplscs them and is un
fittid ir 4licmn... This fact, so obvio6n
td tlisd iodosd eiisearition is unprej
nudiced, it iN proiisi iii tdc $ tat for ir.
Reed to recognize. lint if ho cLAld wtt
himself into the frame 9f mind habitu
al wriht tsim only a short year .fgo,
there are suiiilj itE rigs that we should
venture to call to his attetliclri with
the hope that it would not be in vaiti.
One of these is that on the currency
qrtieoto. the tendency of public opinion
in rlthi tijri~l tes for the past twen
ty years has b-etti £hlit·h .ly toward
honest money, which is the ~aftini Se
saying, in the conditions prevailing,
toward gold payments. This is shown
by tit ft!"l thatt.thogh the issue has
never been clearly void etlia the more
nearly it has been presented, the ixioe
decided has opinion been in the
right direction. If it were possible
now to put +i ~ltiestion to thli _peo
le, unobscured and unconfused, the an
swer would be overwhelmingly for
honest money. The next point to be
noted is that there is a very powerful
current of events tending to force this
issde dirsetly upon the country. We
have paltered with it, compromised it,
deferred it, over and over again. At
every successive stage the result has
been more disastrous. The half-blind,
half cowardly hesitation in taking the
fnal step, paying our demand notes
once for all in gold, and destroying
forever the. last excuse for doubting
the absolute honesty of the nation,
has cost us, literally, two thousand
millions of dollars in taxes and millions
more in business losses. If the Ameri
can people once clearly understand
thlis, they will act with a swiftness
and decision that nothing can with
stand. In that day the leader they
will ehoose will not be a trimmer or a
schemer. The'y will not choose him for
his skill in dodging issues or evading
-diculties. They will take the man
they think they can trust because he
has not failed them. There wasa time
when Mr. Reed had given reason for
such confidence in him. Lately he has
impaired it. Yet a man who hIms the
onrage frankly to recognize isterein
he is wrong and promptly and firmly
to put himself in the right is not a man
to discard. Honestly, Mr. Reed, we
believe that you have still a chance.-
N. Y. Times.
-The people will now watch to see
what the populist and republicam ma
joritb" of the senate will do. There has
been A majority of populists and dem
oeratr a two years. Now thereo will
ho all p-ulists and republicans. It
will be inn to see how this u-w
THE TREASURY SITUATION..
What os Shown by Itorwmatea of e s of -.
thentle Character.
The report of Secretary Carlisle sent
to the senate the other day shows only
what intelligent people knew beforq.
The difference between a .senator and;'t.
other people in regard. to seeking In-;
formation is this: When a senator-is
in want of Information, as he generally
is, he writes a resolution asking the.
secretary of the treasury or some other
officeer of the government to send it to
him. When an ordinary individual dn
sires information he hunts up oiMelda
reports, and by comparing them I·
able to reach conclusions for himserfl- #"
Senator Gorman, as a member of -the, a
protection majority of the senate,
anxious to make the impression thena '
there is a deficlency of revenue--a
merely that there has been. a deficit,
which has been repeatedly officially re
ported, but that the deficit is likely to
continue. He wishes to make the im
pression that the deficit cause. the de
pletion of the gold reserve, which 
known to be wholly false. But by art
ful manipnlation of figures it is possi
Yle to make that impression on thee un
suspecting.
As" we have said, it has not been de
nied that there was a deficit in the re
enue. Most of it was under. the e
Kinley bill, but it has continued n~deir
the'new tariff, because -the new re #v
enue law has not yet gone intot fu
operation. But this deficit- existed:
apart from the-- money borrowed.
Countia'gthe money borrowed, redeipts
have exceeded, expenditures. The
money borrowed was for the gold e.
serve, and it has been asserted that -
the gold so borrowed has been used to
pay, current expenses.. The Courle-'
Jour'nait'as heretofore shown this. to.
be false, and the secretary's reort:.
confirms what we said.
The secretary's report shows that
since January 1, 1894, $Ss86,848 of -
legal tenders have been redeemed ia
gold, and of these '79,388,003 are still
in the treasury. This shows -oncua
sively that there is and has been no-,
necessity of using the gold reservei -ta
pay current expenses. On the-eon
ry, the1e are more legaLtendersiint
teasiutify than are needed fora eUri:
expenses.
Some of the republicanshave shifted
their ground, and, now say that if the
revenue were sufficient the greenbacks
cosild stay in the treasury when once
redeened. But they know very well
the law says- that -they asl- -beres.
sued. How can they be reissued except
by paying them out for current- ex
penses? The- law is. this regp t e i
been obeyed, but there" is sti'lls r .f
atnouat of' the legal tenders Sfad
treasury. ' 'fo stop the ran oi the -treass
urv for gold the whole - 0,b;O),O3
legal te~lers vould have to be r
into the treasury and kept there, `x
would provoke an outcry about ' -:
contraction of the currency.--Loui.
ville Courier~-JornaL
OUR NATIONAL CREDIT. .
It Will Remali Intact Uader Ciasesaut's
naaesmena.
Financial conditions in this country
are humiliating to the average patriotic
citizen. .We have ill-advised laws and
anz incongruous curregcy system, fron
which relief might have been afforded
but for a stupid neglect of proper legis
lation. Publie sutiment.condemns dere
liction on the part of the present soe
gress, but it goes back to the oigi~,
nause of existing difficulties and Sai:,
it In legislation enacted by the rpart
which so long had the control of our
national affairs. At the critical junc
ture encountered with the failure of
the house to pass the Springer bill
or any other financial measure pronls
jpg relief, the one dependence left was
thl executive branch of the govern
ment. It is the avowed policy of the
president to maintain the credit of the
zatni t at all costs and by every means
at his commanei -.
This policy has been pursued, and
the vital necessity to which it is re
aponslve has been met. The treasury
reserve will not be fatally impaired so
long as existing law under which he
acts remain in forae, Congress may be
delinquent, but the praesident can be
relied upon, so long ad bis power is
egiul to the demands of the recurring
financial exigency.-Detroit Fred$ se.
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
-If the republican party is sound
on the money question, not one of its
foremost presidential aspirants has
the courage to say so.-Louisville Cour
ier-Journal.
--From now on 'the people cannot
hold the democratic party responsible
for either the omissions or the commi
sions of the senate of the United.
States.-Albany Argus.
-The pliability of Gov. McKinley
in -his tariff views -may cause thehit
-breaking altogether before the next
national republican convention holde
its meetig.--Washington News.
----A Reed shaken by the wind in
~the first struggle between national
honesty and national shame will be
poor presidential timber when logging
time comes on.-Chicago Hearald.
-The world do move. Gav. H-e
Kin ey actually gave his hearers at
Rochester to understand that a foreign
market for American manutaeturers is
not altogether to be despised.--Roaton
Globe.
-Tom Reed insists that what the
country needs is more revenne. The
country tried the system of Mr. ,eed's
congress for getting less revenue and
found it very disastrous, but there i
no present necessity 'for- rushing to ih
other extrfme.-Indianapolish enu~ lk
- -Mr. McKinley msaid recentl~i. ,' -
want foreign markets for or prOiit
of agriculture and manMPtuaeteas-s
not at the loss of a home mkL"
did not go on to explain, hoy",
our surpltt prodnets oe, ibt
of. It takes at least i a._
make commerce, and we eam .
be shut out from Europe aslwes
Europe out. And why does r.
Kinley go back to the tasE tas
the fnancal pdroblems witi
ingless equivoectiomn hat