THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, AUGUST 31, 1895. NUMBER 26.
-- -·-- ~--·-c-L~ ___ ------~
MOUTON BOS.
-DBALERS IN
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Conslstest With
Quality of Goods.
Llacela Avenac, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
C. A. VOOR IIES,
ADDRESS:
Dcrbiny and Esplanade Sts., New Orleans, La
Represents
WM, H. LEE & CO.,
WHOLESALE
LIQUORS,
713 and 715 Lucas Avenue,
ST. LOUIS, MO.
W. BERNARD,
Barber Shop,
Domengeaux Building,
Near Southern Pacific Depot.
CHIAS. D. CAFFERY,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
Office on Madison St.. LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.AOt t ourie '- at I . -w,
LAFA VETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
FEED Stable.
L;ncoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonablo prices,
¬Creful drivers furnished when required
LAFAYETTE, LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette. St. Mary
and Vermillion Par-iehes. and the Su
premo and Federal Courts at Opoloussa
and New Orleans.
LAVEA Ti ETIE. LA.
RAILROAD BARBEIU SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
TIlE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
MT. CARML CONIVENT
LAFAYETTE. ILA.
The system of education includes the
;Fronch and English Languages, Mus;e
land all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comfntrt of those placed under tht
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LA FAY ETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT anil SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Rank lHuilding.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor,
Lowest prices, consistent with work
aone. All work promptly attended to
Batisfaction guaranteed.
H1. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
ffice on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. G. VOORHIES,
TTORNEY AT LAW ANN)
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lafmyete. La.
SDR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years,
endin Lafayetto Parish I1 years, calls
attention to his new and successfu treat
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cuoe ls
Consumption, in the first and second
period if they follow exactly the treat
ment and relief in the third period.
Deafness and shronie diseases in gen.
*ral a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
Justice of the Peace.
Careful and prompt attention given ts
tbe collection of kii jcoun ts, notee ot
traits. Sale and purcnaase of lands at
tended to. 1-19
C, II. MaOUTON,
A. tormney at I ,t''
st. farltvvUe L.e.
A WIESTERIN WOOING,
WIY KATE at. CLEARYT
People had become rntheir tired of
the romance. PI'rhaps in part because
it had cceased to be romantic. When
first Andulasia Stebbins had come out
from Illinois to live with her Inother
and stepfather on the Nebruaskt prairie
it was considered by the neighboring
farmer folk quite proper, tprobable and
desirable that Ira Harris, whose half
section j ined that of het relatives,
should fall in love with her-which he
promptly did.
Ira was thirty, stout, stolid, loutish,
methodical. lie was a successful man.
This is hardly to be explained of a per
son with the characteristics mentioned
unless one includes selfishness. 'fo be
supremely sclfish is ro frequently tobe
successful. At the time of their meet
ing Andulasia was t'renty-seven. There
are Women of twoenty-seven and women
of twenty-scren. She was one of the
latter. W\ith her square figure, her
unequivocal complexion, her dull
brown hair, and her calculating eyes
she looked her ycars. One would never
excuse her mistakes on the ground of
immaturity. One could never condone
them on that of impulse. Indeed, to
attribute to her certain errors would
be subtle flattery. She was not the
kind of a .woman who is ordinarily sub
jected to temptation.
Harris, however, accepted her pro
pinquity and her affection mnuchl as lie
accepted the drought or the price of
hogs. lie was willing she should de
cline the company of other men on his
account. lie reasoned that if her step
father, old man Solveriny, were to
clear off the mortgage on his place and
die, and if the two sickly young Sol
verinys died also, she would be wealthy
in her own right, as wealth is estimated
in the Philistine west. Consequently
it might prove a prudent proceeding to
wait for Andulasia.
,o he waited.
A 'ear after their acquaintance be
gan no gave her an inklingof Ihissenti
unenls. lHer concurrence with his
view. was almost pathetic. It was
alert, -eciprocal, conclusive. Matri
mny at some indefinite date they
might look forward to. Sch an in
discretion at the present time would
be a tremendous mistake.
"'Of course, Ira," she said. "land's
land. And if my stepfather and your
mother-who is mighty feeble, I notice
and the twins don't die there won't be
any land for us worth mentioning,
rulch less an-marryin' on."
Nevertheless she felt as the years,
tv.wo, three, four passed, that her ac
ceptance of his suggestion had been a
trifle overemphatic and unconsidered.
Fa'te, she could not in justice rail
:against. One of the twins succumbed
to ivy poisoning. The other, a few
mlths later, was run down by the
train. Andulasia's stepfather went
th; way of the apoplectic, and Ira's
m'ther, with utter disregard for the
sensation she might have caused.
slipped from life in the most meek,
genteel and unimpressive manner
imaginable. Then there was only Ira
on one farm, and Andulasia and her
mother on the other. No apparent ob
stt.cle intervened. Still Ira did not
speak, and it was scston years since
Andulasia had come from Illinois. lie
frequently visited her, helped her, and
deferred to her. lie carried her but
ter and eggs into town and "traded"
thorn; when the circus was in the coun
ty seat, he drove her there; he took
her into the side show where the fat
wom:.an was on exhibition: he bought
lie:- pink lemonade, andl peanuts, and
hot candy made on the grounds. lie
escorted her to the merry-go-round at
Mahaska and rode side by side with
her on the spotted ponies. lie drove
her into town twice a week. They at
tended prayer meeting together. They
both professed religimn at the revival.
lie bought eleven tickets for her crazy
quilt rafle. lie was in all things her
constant and dependable cavalier, but
he never once mentioned marriage
never once.
In this manner eight more years
passed. She was forty-two. lIe was
forty-five. lie was stouter, more stolid.
She had some wrinkles, gold fillings
in her teeth, a reputation for irascibil
ity-also a comfortable bank account.
One day Ira brought Andulasia a let
ter. It was from her mother's brother
who lived in Iowa. lie was dying. ie
wished to see her. She handed Ira the
letter.
"Shall I go?" she asked.
llarris deliberated. "Has he money?"
he questioned.
"Yes. "
"Then go."
lie saw her off the next day. She
wore a new dress that didn't fit in the
back. The skirt was too short at the
sides. lier shoes were dusty. Thle
heat had taken the curl out of her
bangs. She had forgotten to bring the
piece of chamrois skin with the powder
on it, which she was in the habit of
using surreptitiously. IHer nose shone
as if polished. She wore kid gloves
which were too large.
The train was late. As they walked
up and down the platform she talked
to Ira steadily and monotonously. She
warned him about the brindle cow,
and advised him concerning a piece of
his fence which needed repairing.
He heard her, but all the time he
was watching a girl who played with
the agent's children in a green patch
near thile station. She weas a little
blonde sprite who had ceme from
Omaha to visit the agent's wife.
"Of course," he said.
"And you won't forget about the
chopped feed?"''
liec gave heran intense glance. "Ilow
could I?"
"You'll see that Star gets well
watered?"
"I'11 attend to it."
"You'll have Alvy Markham mull
parsley for thile young pigs.'"
"I will."
"And --0, yes! If mother seems to
feel another fit coming on you'll grct
her a bottle of Indlian relief cure at tile
drug store."
The train steamed in. Auidulasla
vout awa', I'S did ait ki&o her. Sh
Wis relieved--ad disappointed. The
conductor and the train boy Wright
have laughed; lint thliou ie shctild
hav' crited enough to risk that.
When the train lhad pulled out and
was well around the bend, Harris, who
had lingered on tie platform, asked
the agent to introdurce him to his
visitor. 'lThe agent did so:
Hlarris joined iri the ghnes of the
Children, lie made himself clumsily
delightful. Soda water was uinkiownd
in that particular small town, but Ira
did the next best thing. lie bought
bananas anti chocolate drops with a
reckless liberality which would have
made the absent Andalusia doubt his
sanity could site but have been aWarl'
of his bchavior,
lie eanue to the depot the next day,
the next adri the next. The little visitor
with the flux-flower eyes and yellow
hair smiled divinely.
"The ehildren, " she 'eonfided to the
agent's wife, "are having such a good
time. It is all great fun."
She even thought it was great fuli
when she went buggyi riding with Mr.
Hlarris.
"T'ake me past your farm," she com
mnanded.
lie grew red with ecstasy at the r'c
quest. lie explained apologetically
mnaty conditions of his property as
they drove by.
Threee weeis passed-four. lHarris
had several letters from Iowa. The
contents of the letters were chictly
relative to hogs, and pasturage, and
baled hay, and discounts. Ira (lid not
actually dread Andulasia's return, but
lie would have preferred to postpone it
indefinitely. To be sure, they had con
si(lered the possibility of an engage'
luent once, but he had never been
really engaged to her. lie never could
be now. It wvas only right she should
understand that. Shle was t scusible
woman. She would understand that in
such a matter a man had a right to
please himself.
As for Alys, was there ever such an
eye, such a hand, such a voice, such a
foot, such a smile. To be sure he had
once met Alys walking home from
church with the lumberman. liut
then the lumberman was only young
andti rood looking. It was well known
lie was conducting tihe yard for an
uEnglish firm on a salary. To compare
Vail to himn---larris --who was so "well
fixed:" There could be no comparison.
One evening in late sumitmer, when
Ira was jogging; into town, lie settled
mentally all minor matters to his sat,
isfaction. lie decided to whom he
would rent his farm, the kind of house
he would build in town, the direction
his wedding journey would take, the
brotherly letter lie would leave for
Andulasia, and the invitation lie would!
.,end the lumberman to be present at
his wedding.
Ile dismounted at the post office,
which was also the general store and
tin shop. There was a letter for him
-a letter from Ancdulasia.
"DEAR- IRA: Things is ::ll upset. Uncle Johu
died a week ugo. They can't find no will. andl
I'm tired waiting for dead mncn's tockings.
Meet ime night after to-morruw. Your
"ANDUnr.AsIA STEIBHiNS."
Harris smiled curiously as lie stuffed
the letter in his pocket. lie was think
ing of the OCnahagirl. The next night
Andulasia arrived. She was fatter
titan ever. lHer Eton suit was crum.
pled. She wore a shirt waist. It was
voluminous and not immaculate.
'"\\ell, it's you, Ira. I'in clean beat.
Put them things in the buggy while I
get some sody and yeast up-town."
"Up-town" Miss Stebbins learned
several things, chief of which was that
Ira Harris had transferred his aicec
tions to ,Miss Alys Lane.
Half way home Andulasia said quiet
ly:
"I hear you reckon to marry Miss
Lane."
ller composure, the loss of her ex
pected fortune, the witchery of Alys,
all gave Harris courage.
"I-I was figgerin' somae on it," he
avowed.
lie drove Andulasia to her home, but
she tdid not again broach the subject.
lie went back to town that evening.
lie met Alys at an ice-cream sociable.
lie gained grace of heart and pro
posed.
She laughed gently.
"I ant honored, Mr. Harris, of
course," she said. "But I always sup
posed you were engaged to Miss Steb
bins. I am to marry MAr. Vail at Christ
mas."
The following evening, Ira, feeling
exceedingly depressed, went to call on
Andulasia. lie found her talking with
a brother farmer, a widower with
three children. lie asked to Apeak to
her a moment alone.
"'Fact is. Andulasia," he said, "it's
you I want. 1 fancied for awhile I'd
like that silly little thing. I musthave
been kind of hypternized. I'm sure
now it's you I want."
Arnlalasia smiled-a peculiar smile.
"I've just promised to lmarry Air.
Muggs. lie askecd me last night be
fore he found out wrlht you knIow."
"*What I know? Andulasia!"
"Yes. Tihe news that come in on the
noon train, about the will being found,
and mle getting seven thousand dollars,
and--'"
"Andulasial"
WVhat a fine woman she was. WVhy
had he never noticed that fact before?
"It's true:" sihe declared triurn
pl-antly.
';'Lnt." he fairly howled, "I've been
meaning for fifteen years to marry you,
Anldul;m-ia :
"'Thilen, why ,lidn't you?" inquiredl
Au indlasia.
lie reinembecred some lines he had
once read. It would he quite safe to
re-pent them as original, for Andulasia
never read anything.
"I feared mty fate too much." he pro
testced, ,triking h:in breast dramatic
ally. "and my deserts was too smalll"
ie did not impress Andulasia. She
tu'nr'd scornfully away to where MIr.
"'( ;o ltatCk," slit' counseled, "to that
yeller-haired girl at tile dlepot."
lie did gol Iack, but nlot tot thl'e depel.
"'il:" s:t, i the salm-,lnkoetper. "?'e
don't often see you, Mr. I[arri:,."
"No. hut 1 feel to-night as if I'
got a chill. I'll take some straihL'
-Chicstwo Tribuae.
HOME HINTS AND HELPS I
--'oinait ~rticeti Sltith one quari
of canned tomatoes, add hatlf h *cup of
sugar, and when it boils thicken witll
two tablespoonfuls of corn starch.
Season to taste.--Chicago Record.
--Birthday Cake: One cap of butter,
tWo Cups of sugar, three elips s)t flour.
four eggs, one cup of milk, two te.L
rpoots of bakrilng powdtr.; Bake itt l
large dPipping pan and frost heavily:
A very delicious cnlke.--3rs. 11. L
WVest, in Vestern Rural.
-Breakfast cereals should al ways be
cooked in a double boiler, because
much stirring renders them extremely
staiu'chy, and when they are boiled in it
Single boiler stirring is the only pre
ventive of burning. They will be much
richer and mtore palatable if cooked
with milk than with water.-N. Y.
World,
-To Destroy Beetles: Make %al.etS
in the follo'-ing s; iay: Take an ounicd
each of red lead, castor sugar, and
flourx mix them t 'gether. and roll out
very thin. C'.t them l in small rounds,
and place thltem on the floor sit, nlght,
wherever the pest congregates. Thits
is one of the surest methods of ridding
it house of bcetles.-Leeds Mercury.
-Sealloped Salmon: Open a polind
can salmon, pick free fromn skin and
bones, and lay a first layer of salmon,
then a layer of bread crumbs, peper
and salt, and it little butter, then put
in more salimolt andt bread crumbs in
alternate layers until the baking dish
is full. Add a teacupful of milk, and
bake about fifteen aminutes.-Prairie
Farmer.
-Cheese Elgg Tfoast: BToil two eggs
hard, pountd them in the mortar witlh
enough creamn to Illle theln into a
paste, season with pepper and salt.
and mix In a tabllespoonful of good
grated cheese. To'ast a round of bread
fromn a tin loaf, cut off the crust. but
ter it, and cut it into fonuror six pieces;
spread each piece thlinly with anelhovy
paste, pile the eg~f mixture on the top,
and cover with lr:l ad c·rumlbs. and a
tiny bit of butter on each piece: place
in the oven to get hot, and serve.
Leeds Mercury.
--Iaspberry .lamn: To five or six
pounds of red raslphberries (not too
ripe) add an equal qutantily of linest
white sugar. Mla.sh the whole well in
a preserving kettle: add about : quart
of currant juice, or ripe cnrrants, boil
gently until it jellies uipon a cold
plate. Put into small jars. cover with
brandied paper. and tie a thick, white
paper over them. Keep in a dark, dry
alnd cool place. St,':iwberries and
blackberries may be jammed in the
samne way, leaving .:ut the currants.
F'arin, Lield and Fireside.
-Beef-Loaf: Two pounds of lean
beef chopped fine, with two cops of
bread-crumbuts, and seasoned Ihiighly
with pplper, salt, nuti ntg. sweet
marjoram, and a little minced onion,
and wet up with half a cup of good
gravy; two eggs beaten light, and
mixed with the me:at. Press firmly in
to the mould, fit on the cover, and set
in a dripping-pan of boiling water to
cook slowly for an hour and a quarter.
W\hen done, let it get perfectly cold
before turning out. It must be cut in
thin slices at the table.-Ilomne Queen.
CURL YOUR OWN FEATHERS.
Flow Thit. Nerenimrry Operation May Ile
IEasily and I E'xcelle.ltly Ioner.
There are a few things that give a
hat a more runtpled and shliabby an
pearance than an ostrich feather limp
and (lejccted, looking almost a:; for
lorn as when it and its fellows arrived
here fresh fromn ostrichland. Anyone
seeing an ostrich feather then would
think it only fit for the ragag,. but a
series of brisk scrubbings in warm
soapsoads on a washboarid, a judicious
patching together and elimination of
ragged places where Sir O)trich has
preened himself too vigorously, a curl
ing and combing, soon make of the ,s
trich feather a thing of beaut:y anti
joy forever-until it gets wet-when the
process of rejuvenation again becotmes
necessary.
If taken to my lady milliner or the
less pretentious feather renovator
every tinme this duty becomes iimpera
tive, the ostrich plume lecoimes tneta
morphosed into something of an ele
phant to one who bears not Fortunat its'
purse; but the restorative process is so
simple, when one knows just how; that
every woman can readily become her
own '"feather artist."
Have a teakettle full of boiling w-ater;
shake the feather vigorously through
the escaping steam, taking care tha;t it
does not get too damp. This livens up
the plume and restores brilliatnc if it
has become dull and dusty. Next take
a silver fruit-knife atnd, beginning \wit h
tile featlters nearest the quill, take a
small hIunchl between thumbt and fore
finger and draw gently over the blade
of the knife until tlhey curl as closely
as desired. 'Follow this process up e'cdi
side of thie tip; then take a v-ery coars-:
conib, comb out carefullly, anlld you
have your pilulle as g.ood us evelr.--Ž.
Y. Times.
A conspicuous difflerence between the
Enfiglishi and Chinese dramas is ex
plained by the fact that, wherens in
the fortner love holds a leading part. ini
the latter it is relegated to a seconduairy
place. In England it is a passion; in
China a. sentiment only: Ihence the
tihousand intrigues love gives rise tc
are, in the latter country, citlher thlrowni
into the shade or t;labonedl entirely.
Without their ardent passions imany [of
our theatrical prolucitions woiultl lose
Utieir interest and most of their merit.
An Euglish, or, to use a wider term, a
IEuropean play-goer, r.-quires a dtue
quantity of love. In China, on the
otlher hand, this (demand fina, Is little
echlo, since love there is not the chief
theme of bard and painter. Conven
Lion andl the strength of parental au.
i htrity have crushed, in a great Inmeans
are, those amotrous longinfgs lwhieb
.'xist in the hntutant heart: and as love.
wourttthip and nmatrimonyo in thile fur
-:tst are even mlore prosaic than i;ll our
isrt of the world. the first of thlc.se
ellings. if hatndleod as a passion, can
:i,,t powerfully arre.st the attention yf
the iu ltituudle.-- inctteept h Csittury.
A NEGRO'S GRATIrUn-E.
IAn Inftiaue. of Ita'r fitthftlness on thq
i'art or an I S.SIave.
A wealthy stare-owner of the cotton
belt ciitere.l the southern army,
fought cbrlt,*iv and brilliantly, a nct
died in one of the clsing battles of
the war. Ils vwidow was left. pon.
less. with large plantations inctitt -
bereid with mortgages, and a hundredl
or lilore emancipated negroes who had
ceased to he hler pr'operty.
llefi business affairs were misman
age"d by agents hitid ltVwyers, and she
lost one plantation after another. lier
health failed, and in her old age shte
became wholly dependent upon one of
her former slaves.
This negro was grateful to her for
having given him a start after the w-ar.
Learning from experience that she
could not manage her plantations suc
e.-esfully, she had rewarded the fideli
ty of a small group of emancipated
alanves by deeding over to them out
right snmll farlnms. This negroreceived
in this way a farm of twenty-six acres
with a cabin.
lie prospered from the outset. lie
miatde a liviig out of his ground, and
saved every year a little money. In
the course of a few years he bought
anmother farm and doubled his re
asoulrees. Other purchases followed,
until lie wtas a truck farmer with coa
siderable wealth.
I!e did not forget his old plantatiot
mistress in his prosperity. When she
had lost all her property, and there
was no other friend to take ca re of her
in her old age, this negro rescued her
fronm destitution. lie became her most
faithful friend.
]loth are still living. On the first
day of every month the negro farmer
draws at check for one hundred dol
lars, and sends it to the aged lady
whose slave hie was in boyhood. At
first she was unwilling to become his
pensioner., but lie pressed help upon
her with tetals in his eyes, telling her
that lie would never have got on in the
world if she hadi not generously aided
himl by giving hlim the first farm.
Ills bounty is now her only recourse.
ild ito millionaire in the land is hap
pier than he is when "pay-day" comlles
around. and lie can send his check tc
his kiind-htearted "old inisses."
The otlher negroes wvholn she be
friended after the war have been either
improvident or ungrateful, but one at
le.ast had the energy and thrift re
quired for mnaking him a well-to-do
farmner, and the heart to take compas
sion on n a friendless and unfortunate
woman who had once been kind to
him.
IThiis is a true story. which illustrates
lthe tender feeling sometimes existing
I:etwveen the negro antd his former mnas
ter, and the gratitude which goo.d
treatment miay inspire even in a de
spisedl raee.-- outli's Companion.
HORNS OF THE BRONZE AGE.
The I imnling of (attle Trumpets of Old
Lienan ark.
Among the masterpieces. -of the
bronze-worker which have'·onme from
that olden time to us are great bronze
battle-horns, called by the Danes lur.
These are truly gigantic. Twenty
tlhree specimens thave been found in
1)enrnarkl. all in ,peat bogs, and most
of thenm in pairs. For years a dozen
of lithese lIlrs hung in the museum
silent. llecently Dr. A. llnmrnerich
secured pernmission to study themn as
musicall inllsmtrullllts and to test them.
Finally, these were played upon be
fore a larte and enthusiastic audience,
the king hilmself being present. Only
a few times since have these old horns
beten sounded, but on one of these oc
casions we ha,!t the good fortune to ;e
present. Two players from the opera
were the perforimers: the court
of the nuio-euln was filled with
hearers. Wionderful, is it not, that
horns two thousand years old, buried
for long centuries in peat bogs, should,
after this long silence, still be capable
of giving out clear, ringing-even
sweet-tones?
''ihe conditions in which these lurs
are f-ond ilre mrost suiggestive-alvways
in peat bogs, usually in pairs. This
conull not be the result of accident.
Other obljects are found purposely laid
iaway ill the saime manner; thus ten
bronze heilmisu!heriea I plates were found
at oun spot; nine fine b:onze axes, all
of one form, at another. Similar clus
ters of celts, spears. etc., are not un
colnmmonll. On one occasion about one
lhulldred ininiature i-oats of thin
beaten gold were plac-d in a vessel
aind luried; such occurrences are not
complletely understood. - Prof. Fred
erick Starr, in Popular Science
Monthly.
lShe Would Look It rp.
"Ah. Iny darling wife," said George
thie week atrer his niarriage, "if your
husbanld were to die -lait would you
do:"
"I don't know, l'm sure, G;eorge,"
said the wife, reflectively; "I inever
thought of that. I lunlIst loolk into mly
"Itook of Etiiluette' and readl the rnles
for young widows."-Chiceago News.
fQicik at a Pun.
Lady Morgan, tile I-ishl novelist, was
g1-ood att ta pil. Solne one spoke of tile
laxity of ma certaiu bishlop in regard to
lecnten fastin g and concluded: "I nbe
lieve hle wouldt eat a horse on Ash
"Anld a very proper diet," said hen
nladyship. if it were a fast ihorse."
\Vit of \Vomuer.
ititrinionali Item.
"I understantti yoing Iriefless is
alout tl, iiarry the daughlter oh old
Uind'-, the iniliionmi'rm."
"'Yes, so I am told. lie will give up
the law busiucss and go into the son
in-law busincss."-Texas Siftings.
Ulucceeessary rrescriptmon.
Doctor-I should prescribe for you a
\walk belfore breakfa-tt.
MIr. Popleiglh--;Good iheavens, doctor!
Ti:at's -luhat's the matter witll me now.
I have to take litoo many alks btefore
breakfast.-P1.lck.
-The motherof Aexander the Ireat
,v.s sin ;!l to hlire bteen, a tlonioan if great
lnatulal abilities, s:rong willed and
singulart|'ly impulsive.
FELIX U)EMANADE9,
The Up-to.Date lerchant,
Ia .a'r - CZ E3ý-1A:P"- -
Groceries, Crockery,
Liquors, Willowware,
Fancy Goods.
Ix-sh 0 tol. !--I -- Cheap hi-ices !
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA.
TRAHAN & DOUCET
Successors to J. E. TRAIIAN.
DRUGGISTS,
-AND DEALERS IN
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
Fancy and Toilet Articles.
School Books and Stalioncry. Use Ball (Goodls. Cigars
and Tobacco. Meillier's Perinulnes.
PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIGHT
P. DAMANADE & CO.,
LIQUO RS,
Wines and Tobaccos,
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
A. J. 1OSS. A. IIILI MIOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON,
LUMBER,
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
OFFICE AND YARD:
Near Railroad Depot, : : Lafayette, La.
Cypress and Pine Lumntbler. Rough an(d D)ressed, Shingles,
Sash, Blinds, Mouliings, tie.
TragTons, Cistem.*na.
Screen Doors and Extension Screen Windows.
,I-CYCLES.
Are the
Highest
of all
"H igh
, Grades. "
I pWarranted Superior to Any Bicycle Built in the
World, Regardless of Price.
Read the following opinition of one of the most prominent
American dalehrs who has sold hun;dreds of th('Se wheels:
Itr1 1l4)5 l, Vs.\.. (October 2, 1894.
High Frame, Wiood Ildiani mcyle Co.. In a.tipoli. lnd.
Itni. Detachabl e Tiri". ( letioy n-Th," \'%ir o r"tol i i t' ednw to h-t I vterdiy
Sciircher, vcvJgllt. 21 I" h i i .
oundl s. .... .J) - t n 50i i tell | in un i ; t tis hel' retails tor S . Wet must lay that it
teel Rirs. vaverly P i n IIo tt exll, - ti on. I t ii' rettle.it ihiit.'l we ihi ae ever seen, aid. molllre
Clinr fherTl res, we itht over . h h. ; hayl!( Itith ii :. ItlttltI ti it iyt''tiglhs tily 22 polllnds, for ail 'avmrlys
24 pounds $85.00 wye ha;le voldl tit- r nrlid I t :1· ti i·i ii kno that is a right goodt nllll
ilegnuar Frame. samntoier vy" l- x' |lt. r Ilve ne e aI t I ; fraltlt nolr fork I-roken. either fromn accident or
Seights...... ... Si5.eti dilefCtr. ; I ;tl Is vlttlli i rll:tn \ ciii c;lt styV for ainy itt tier ivhteel. hoiwiever
i.Idieh g Drop Fram e., 1i g ti ;titid II tia lre. Sc 1\V. s5 c rlct'iiitulate olurstlvc s cevery day
atie . weights • WAI.TER C'. lMERICER & CO.
Ris. .i..t.on'. 2t ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FREE.
pounds .......... 00
Indiana Bicycle Co
Indianapolis, Indiana.
B, GLEiG, Exclusive Agent, : Lafayette, La,