nth Dalkots and t'e
q! . i along the lines of
-, Milwaikee & st. Paul R'y.
aelocaed.on or near lakeewhbiu
.IBBt ad out.
l resfort, are eas.iy reached, by rai
rais Ien variety from the "full
C ,' ,m i,ae" to she fannel-shirtccs
qiiuje oaoorevery aao
'. `.TrustZ AND OCooBaen.
hplsi shooting glrounds in the North
? al 'a and tributary to the.Unes of the
I oMilwalukee & St. Paul R'y. The
.r . of 'aoule Chickens promises to be ex
ese othern NYisconsn and the Poen
hul. -im]of Michipgan splendid deer shooting is
to behad.
S Th..Game laws were changed in several
of the Western States this year.
. l information furnished free. Address
A I. a Eirro a n, General Passenger and
ice Agent, Chicago, Ill.
a" 8IcoTY--"'Wifey, dear, the eggs are
a, exactly fresh I" 'How can yOU talk like
that, hubbyl The cook fetched them from
tbe shop only a quarter of an hour ago."
The Trues After No-To-Ban.
Chicago Spocinl.-Reported here to-day
that a large sum of money had been offered
t or the famous tobacco habit cure called No
Btc, t by ua syndicate who want to take it
ot the ma'rket. Inquiry at the general offices
- revealed the fact that No-To-Bac was not
forsale to the trust at any price. No-To
eac's success is marvelous. Almost every
Druggist in America sells No-To-Bac under
uoarantee to cure tobacco habit or refund
S money.
Se Nsw OaRLEAs lady has started a conver.
Sation class among the ladies of Chicago. to
- .teach them howto talk. Now, let some pub
S ie-pirted citisen getup-aclass of ladiesrand
I"n- o. them how to listen.-Baltimore Bun.
i, .... A Ghastl4 pectro
Diseasis ever, but in no form isit more to be
dreaded than in that of ie formidable mal- r
adies which attack the kidneys and bladder.
Bright's disease, diabetes and gravel may
alike be prevented, if inactivity of the kid
neys is rectified in time rith Hostetter's t
Stomach Bitters, sovereign also in cases oi
,heumatism, dyspepsia, constipntion, ma
laria, biliousness and nervousness.
Ties Little Trials of Life.- Carrie-"Of c
Course, I couldn't avoid hearing part of the
conversation--" Clara--"o; and what a
pity you were not able to hoar the rest of a
tl'--Puck.
Do You Desire to Adept a Child? B
*Address the Internati al Children's v
home Society., 234 La Salle St., Cicago, 11- n
inois, Rev. Dr. Frank M. Gregg, eneral a
Manager. such a child as you nay desire h
of any age, will be sent you on ninety il
Ho (smoking)--"And what is your opin- ei
ion of tho deadly cigaretteI" She (looking
him over -"Thcy are not half as deadly as v,
they ought to be.'-Detroit Free Press.
I cr-ror speak too highly of Piso's Cure
or Consumption -M-rs. FRANK IonBSi, 21J
S2d St., Newv York, Oct 2. n94.
FLOWERs distilled, though they with win
ter meet, lose bu t their show; their sub
stance still lives swcot.-Shak el&spa.
Impure Blood
Manifests itself in hices, pimples, boils
and other eruptions which disfigure the
race and cause pain and annoyance. 33.By
purifying the blood Hood's Sarsaparilla
completely cures these troubles and clears
the skin. Hood's Sarsaparilla overcomes
that tired, drowsy feeling so general at
this season and gives strength and vigor.
iLLOOK FOR THiS
LOCK
-IT IS ON- Ir
SBEST SCHOOL SHOEt ,
da
do
51 7, .5 f 1 1c too 3 - .
8 to 10;4-1.50 ' 1 to 3 - 2.00
IF YOP* OAN'T GET THEM FROM YOUR
DEALER WRITE TO
HAMILTON-BROWN SHOE CO.,
DRESSMAKERS
L'Art de La Mode,
8 Coloredte Plates,
--;\
e ents for latest number to
iEWIS' 98 W LYE EE
i Clkle.o. k g. i n
B; on fofm
ltre-l0tys readito 3 - 2.00
I YOe.' C.AN'T aET HEM FROM YOUR
-RHAMITON-BROWN SHOE CO,
-IN-
8 Cohored Plates,
Corps of
~'Ovder It o your Nefadealer or scud Sd
I tE MOKSE-BROUlHTOH 8v oi d
,Eect 59th St.,- NEWYORK .
' .Msrzow - -,s PAPER. ifl".
gi BUILDING AND SCIENCE
, HOMES FOR THE PEOPLE.
esof ow a Neat lreaouse Cuan B Ereoted
1REconomically.
tcoPrRIoa, lSaL ]
y rail- The signs of the times unquestion
' ccu ably indicate that the people of this
country are about to enjoy another era
of great prosperity, as the "tide of
forth- business is rising with great rapidity."
of the The country has all the elements of in
be creasing growth and continuing pro
s and duction of wealth. Any long continued
s Pen- period of unproductive inertia is impos
ang is sible in America.
el The forcing of issues in politics, the
I"tug of war" between opposing fao
odress
r and
o are
k like
from
o."
Rered
avery f
:fund
flyer- WRT nl
So, to IC
Spub- PERSPECTIVE VIEW.
sand
Sun. tions, the stress of contest between I
men who honestly hold conflicting
tobe views-all this has done much to pro
nal- mote the public welfare.
aIdCr. e are a great nation now-we shall
kid- be greater when the majority sit by t
ter's their hearthstones. The sordid toil of t
es Of life has its obverse side in the happy'
ma- homestead.
Dqring prosperous times, and espe- a
Si eially at the commencement of prosper- n
t a os times, before the prices for materi- b
st of als and labor become inflated, the c
building of houses of moderate cost b
will certainly prove to be profitable p
ren's ventures. When an American makes a
n, 1l. money he is pretty sure to provide an tl
icral attractive and comfortable home for ji
Li; his family. The design illustrating V
this article is submitted for his consid- pp
pin- oration. -j
!ing Size of Structure-Front, including o:
y as veranda, 30 feet; depth, 48 feet 0 inches. si
unre T
215
Porch vI 66 *
o ." 0 d.'o0 .
it
011 l' cvn Room,
thle 16ý or
*iila °"`
dao s o e :o o f
Not lake ong Beº an
de
FIRST FLOOR. or
Heights of Stories-Cellar, 7 feet; y(
first story, 9 feet 6 inches; second story, sn
boards; second story, shingles; gables, of
dormlers and roofs, shingles. is.
Interior Finish--IInrd white plaster;
white pine trim; cherry staircase; plas- du
ter cornices and centers in hall, parlor Yv
and dining .room.
Exterior Colors--Body of first story, `
buff; shingles around veranda shin- co
fles on second story and shingles on act
gatbles. medium light buff; roof shin
glcs, pale red; all trimmings, such as ,.of
window and door casings. belt courses, me
braclets, veranda posts and rails and ten
lattice, light green; chimneys, red; cos
sashes, cark red; doors, natural color the
of wood with hard oil finish; blinds, pat
O Io war
glRoof, chi
dul
d backets; veranda pootr and railand ea
lattie, iht grterin; painein, red;Pr
'5 4 aCI- I
Bed i oo- pre
the
mca
th.e
p pri fr ore oare
Dta t c Cd t that
t n s u a r uie i s uule
eItd. oorspe indu
t nrom ththe
shot
'I - ii Dfaili
bact
FcoD Fr.Uoo. - of at
dark bueo; vermuda floor and ceiling,
oiled. In exterior painting thcre
shouldr be one primindg ant two finish- ,aga
ting coats. To get the best results the ;C
second finishing coat shoulrd not be s- ear
Splied until at least eighlt months hiave l
elapsed after putting on time first. out )
Accomlmodat ions - The principal
rooms and their sizes, closets, etc., are Ut
tshown by the floor plans given here- pret'
twith. In aitio there is a cellar tiW
: under the whole house, and 1 finished I so?
room in the attic, witi space for more Ut
rooms in the attic. As tle second-floor "-'la
,plan provides for more closet room
than is usually required, it is suggested
that the three closets gruoped in the Din
Scenter hx omitted. The floor space coun
I thus acquired may be combined with Mm
the dressing-room, thus providing Du
another bedroom, whlich would be 8 Picci
feet 6 inches by 14 feet in size. coun
apecial Features- Tile dominating
features-the windows. the dormers, gy
ithe veranda andl veranda posts-of thir mush'
exterior may be said to be colonial. mari
Shingling the second story and gables. t110
now become quite popular, was copied ofth
from a colonial at ple. Wed
The polygonal bays of the dining
room and the bedroom above make the
two rooms refet-red to unnsuallv at- Qut
tractive. But there is no lack of air a unit
and light for any of the rooms. Cyr
Dost-For localities whore prices for erour
mate-rial en4 Itabo* sie ahlut the cla t the 1
ICE MOMS.MAD" MA*OMER.
sImple cotausomuea y Wise Aaeh ge
L cam Weigh Air.
te er is eme--atmospherio phenoe
enon about which there is a wide mis
conception. When the smoke lies to
itlon- the surface. of the earth instead ,I
this movlng, upward as it generally don#,
r era many -people think It is because the air
le of Is heavy. The same people will tell
lity." you, perhaps, that damp air is heavie.
, in- than dry air, for it is on days that thbs
pro air is damp that the smoke lies close
nued to the earth. On the contrary, dantp air
Ipos Is lighter than dry air, and it is because
the air is damp that the smoke does not
the ascend. It is purely a question of gray
fao- ity, of weight. If the lower stratum
of air is heavier than the smoke the
latter will go up; if it be lighter than
the smoke the smoke will not go up so
readily. The barometer is the instru
ments used by thig, scientists to deter
mine the weight-of the air. As usually
made it consists of a cup of mercury,
with which ie connected a graduated
glass tube. From the upper part o'
this tube the air has been exhausted,
thus forming a vacuum, and the height
of the mercury in the tube denotes the
weight of the atmosphere.
The explanation of this is quite sim.
. ple. The pressure of the atmosphere
upon the mercury in the cup forces the 1
mercury up into the tube, where it
meets no resistance because the empty
part of the tube is a vacuum. li--nce
the column of mercury will rise or f1ll I
in the tube as the pressure is greater Or
reen less.
ting Everybody is familiar enough with i
pro- weather reports to know that we have I
"high barometer" on clear, dry days 
hall and "low barometer" on damp days; e
by that thi first indicates good weather I
ii of and the last stormy weather. But
ppy "high barometer" means that the col- c
umn of mercury is well up in the tube, a
spe- and "low barometer" that it is down. I
per- We know, therefore, that as dry air S
eri- bears down more heavily upon the mer- I
the cury in the cup than damp air, it must j
:ost be heavier than damp air. A very sinm
ble pie and serviceable barometer may be t
kes made at home, without cost. The only .g
an things needed are a wide-mouthed glass b
for jar-a pickle bottle will do-a clean a
ing Venetian oil flask, and half a pint of r
sid- plain water. Pour the water into the u
jar, letting it conie to within one-third p
ing of the top, and insert the oil flask up- a
es. side down in the jar, so that the neck it
of the flask will just enter the water.
That is all.
If the atmospheric conditions are fa. r
vorable to clear,fine weather, the water c
will rise in the flask; if on the contrary, A
a storm is in prospect, the water will ci
fall. The air affects the water just as ,
it does the mercury in the tubc.-Phil- h
adelphia Times. b
ALL ABOUT SNEEZING. P
Caused by Irritation of the Nerve Supply- CC
Ing Sensation to the Faee. T
Sneezing is a reflex act caused by an ti
irritation of some portion of the large Ca
nerve supplying sensation to the face. ti
Excessive sneezing may be the result ui
of some irritant, usually of vegetable 01
origin, coming in contact with the P
mucous membrane lining the nose, or re
it may be associated with some gene:ul o'
disorder. br
WVhooping-cough and asthma are ca
often accompanied by violent fits of ar
sneezing. Persons of a "gouty" ten- lo
dency are often afilicted with frequent tl
sneezing, and the same is true of per
sons who possess a somewhat hysterical at
or exceedingly nervous temperament. ai
A sneeze and a cough, says the kr
eti Youth's Companion, exert much i he pr
Y. same effect over different portions of liS
the respiratory tract. In sneezing an ar
n- cffort is made to get rid of some sub- de
P- stance irritating the mucous membrane th
's of the nose; in coughing the same thing tihl
is attempted for the throat. ey
r; Sneezing is in some instances pro- col
s- duced by looking at a strong light or up
n vivid color. Inflammation m:ay be in- the
creased, if not actually produced, by Ice
Y' excessive sneezing as well as by violent cev
n- coughing. In this way either of these gle
on acts may be harmful. is
n- Sneezing is often indicative of some lea
s' "catarrhal" condition of the mucous till
s, membrane, and if much indulged in, it I
d tends to make this condition worse by In
* congesting the mucous membrane of En
>r the nose and pharynx, and in severe fle:
5 paroxysms that of the eyes and ears. bal
The inhalation of dust orof irritati..g far
vapors tends to "stop up the head" eer
chiefly because sneezing is thereby In- is
duced.
We often hear it said, when one asn
sneezes: "You are taking cold"-an ox- ii g
pression in which there may be some cc'c
truth; for a chilling of the body drives as i
the blood away from the surface, and tab
caustes it to flow unduly to any part of wh
tile body already weakened by inflamn- bee
mation. That point in many cases is it i
thle mucous mnembrane of the nosi. O
Some of the most severe colds, however, ton
are accommpanied by no sneezing. wem
It is not to be nondered at that tlo $a 5
practice of "'taking snuff" is becoming vLi
obsoleate. It is no more reasonable to to
employ nmeasures to induce sneezing at
than it would be to inhale the fumes of wvi
sulphur, or other irritating vapors, to squ
induce a social cough.
Pressure upon the upper lip or above tha
the bridge of the nose will usually cut potl
short even a severe fit of sneezing. This afte
failing, a mustard plaster applied to the lu
back of the neck, or the administration a hi
of an emetic, will be found useful. the
Balked. toes
Shc-George Pctcrson, if you kiss me r
again I'll scream out loud. ft4
George (kissess hler)-Goodl I never her
heardl you scream out loud. solt
Shec-George Peterson, I won't scream Ano
out loud now, just to spite you.--Judge. cost
In the Art (;allery. raR
Uncle Treetop - These artists are for
pretty aged chaps, aren't they? Ilat
William Ann--What makes you think l
so? stat
Uncle Treetop-This picture is signed tion
"IIawkins, 95."-N. Y. World. year
L'oanld It so, nd
Dusty Rhodes-People call this a free
countr-y.
MIrs. Dogood--Whl :lo you call it?
Dusty Rhodes-I agn~e with Rev. 1h,. Eo
Picerust, that it is , free-and-easy
country.-N. Y. World.
5`wo Viewm. Ile
Musician (iror.ically)--I am at.aid my end
music is disturbing tile people who are sufi
t~aliag over there. Ia
Ihostess-Dear me. I never thought spri
of that. Don't play so loudly. N.i . that
WVeekly. tion
The One Great Privilege.
Quericus-Vhy do you think girls are will
a nuisance when you're camping o:ut?
Cynicus - I~ecause whea they are s a
around you ean't very wehl swcan- at
the felloW IIlil ti'. thi q'A~-i;', ,
- -tii
FARMER AND PLANTER'
ON ONE ACRL
mtis some oef tbe sstbilltles of InteasWe
es to Farmin. .
Id .f Intensive farming is the order of the
looe, day everywhere; the more intenlsve
e air the greater the profit. Throughout
tell New England, and in other parts of
avie. the country, the farmers are reducing
t the the cultivated area and concentrating
iloso all labor and fertilizer upon it; and
p air the result is that larger products come
ause to make reward.
snot The crops -referred to below were
,rav- raised in lassachusetts within fifteen
Ltum miles of Boston. They were not ex
tthe ceptional crops; the crops of a series
than ofyears might be moreand they might
p so be lea. On one acre were 800 bushels
stru- of onions, and were sold for a dollar
eter- a bushel. If they had been kept
sally awhile, they might have been sold at
lury, $1.50 a bushel. The coat of the crop
ated was $155.80, and the profit at $1 a
*t of bushel was 8044.20. Another crop of
;ted. onions yvi 1 led G44 bushels, and were
ight sold for $1 a bushel; the cost was
the $191.50, and the profit $452.50.
On one sere has been raised 1,600
sim. bushels of potatoes, and 1,000 bushels
here from an acre has been reported often,
the but such yields are exceptional. They
e it show, however, what can be done (in
ipty spite of bugs), when industry, judg
nce ment, soil, fertilizer and climate form
till a practical working combination. One
s op acre produced 3,8 bushels of potatoes,
and they sold for $1.25 a bushel, or for
vith 8410; the cost of raising was $160; net
lave profit, $250. Another crop of potatoes
lays of 502 bushels sold for 80 cents a bush
sys; el, or 6401.60: cost of raising, $119; net
,her gain. $2A12.60.
But Of carrots, 650 bushels, sold for fifty
col- cents a btshel, or $325; cost of crop,
tbo, $109; profit, 6216. Of parsnips, 500 t
ivn. bushels, sold for a dollar a bushel, or v
air 6500; cost, $133; profit, $457. Of cab- n
icr- bages, 7,500 heads, averaging six u
Lust poudds a head, or 45,000 pounds, or 450 q
ii- barrels, giving one hundred pounds to t
be the barrel. When tile cabbages were a
nly gathered, the price was one dollar a t
ass barrel, or $450; but they were kept r;
can and sold later for three dollars a bar- s
t of rel, or for $1,350. The cost of the crop ft
the was $102; profit, $1,248. The cabbage
mirl plants were in rows three feet apart
up and the plants in the rows eighteen
ack inches apart.e
"er. The man who knows how, who has
the right kind of soil $d uses the
a - right kind of fertilizer, can make every
ter cabbage-plant produce a salable head.
p*. A cabbage crop is sure of sale, espe
iill cially if near the city. On one farm
as where cabbage is a special c.op, the
il- heads are sold soometimes in the field
by the row. The Irish part of the
population is the great c:bbagl a con
sumer. A family of five put into the
,y cellar last fall three hlundred heads.
The Irish women go to tile farmn men
an tioned, walk up and down the rows of
ge cabbage, feel of every head, and take
me. their choice; and the Irish-woman is
ilt usually a closer buyer, or Ihas that
,in opinion of hecrself, never intending to
he pay the price asked if haggling iwill as
or reduce it. And thus in cabbage-time oy
on this farm the field resounds with of
brogue and with denunciation of the
re cabbages, which the ,uyers declare
of are the worst they ever saw, "The
,n- loikes av some av which they wouldn't
nt throw to a dacint pig." co
>r- But the farmer gives no heed, goes
al about his work and lets them walk up c.,
it. and down and t:tllk all they want to. be
he knowing that they wvill come to his cr4
he price at last. The price includes de- fry
of livery in time city. Some of the buyers bi
an are so careful or suspicious that they
b. demand to see the row of cahl.ages in
ne they have selected on the wagon:
ig they hardly dare take their
eyes off it till the wagon In.
,. comes; literally, they sit clown
ar upon it and wait for the team. Theni
n. the buyers help load. Most of them ha
mv keep a cow, or at least a pig, and hence mi
et every loose head, every stray leaf is on.
se gleaned, and when the row of cabbages ab
is on the wagon not a bit of cabbage any
ie leaf an inch square can be found where tin
ts that row stood. che
it li:t the crop of an acre-squashes. cot
.y In some parts of the country, in New pul
f England, anyway, especially the firm tlr
e flesh, hard-shell kind like the Hllub- th
bard, the squash i.s more and more in mil
g favor as an article of food. It is eve
I" served on aristocratic tables in the city rev
1- i the shellf-half shell-as it hoi
grew, without the addition of in 1
e any spices. condiments or season
it g. Some if the modern cur
e cc'oks proceed to spoil a. squash as soon ces
a as it is cooked. When it comes to the sq11
t table no one would know by the taste for
of what it was; the .squash flavor has all wh
- been knoclied out of it; it is not squash; ed 1
s it is something else. ter,
. On one acire, '1,410 pounds, or ten ab:
r, tons and 1,410 pounds, of squashes plt
were raised. Thie cost of raising was der
a S. 75. Tihe selling price of squash cur
vR ics frotm 820 to 3: a tol, according Vh
a to hle season of thie year: they are low wlh
Sat $2) a ton. but ulslually before the cor
f wil-.ter is over brinig SSo a ton. The the
a squtashes fronaT h.L acre in question the
weore sold for r$55 a ten. An acre am,
e that yielded 3im worth of early ciii
t potatoes produced the .ame season, tha
s after the potatoes were dug, 350 fror
h usihels of turnips, sold at fifty cents CI
a lbushlel; tile turnips cost $15.83, and slice
tile profit watt $I,9.05; mitlh the pota- piec
toes that acre produced $t43.GF5. ovc
From an acre camne 4,3:3 boxes of wat
strawberries, solt for S318.GO0; cost, is n
53244; pi'ouit, F.374.60. Anether straw- add
berry acre produced 4,687 boxes, and in ti
sold for $60.1; cost, $244; profit, $3D5. Iool
Another, i.S4t boxes. sold for 5657: fold
cost, $219; profit, '398. An icre of out
raspberries yieldedl 3.314 quarts, sold pres
for $530.20; ,Zost, $144; profit, iS1S0.2O. use0
hilackberries, 70,;9 ia rts, soll for aid
$T76.70; cost, 518.27; profit, 58.143. As of a
statedl, tihe crops giveu: are not excep- If
tional; they are obtained year after ing,
year in thie region wher-e they are tute
specialties.-George Appleton, in Farm mor
nrd Fireside. top
THIE HOG PEN.
Some Items in Regard to Successful flog and
!timmiig. be t
The best time to determine what cline
sh all be done waitl tile brood sow is chee
when she brings and suckles her sed; strol
ond lttecr cf pigs. One trial it rarely sewe
suflicient. cracl
Imperfect pigs are so often tile off.
spring of perfect and well-b:-ed pigs.
that when thr-y do come the imperfec
tion is usuaily credited to some fault seedu
in the breeding of the parent. tenti
A sow, or a n:mnxber of sowVs, that thls
will farrow eig'tt pigs twice, )? even at or
monce a ear, andi tlIurn off tlhat ino-ber -1
ua1. tverliing time, is doing better than earts
tihe average. doe
\V'lmu -oung pig'm ari to bh iIoved to t-w i
•~ha w p i. !e ' . (iMI.-i-' .iiS~lf b - t -
RPuS3tiau mer e: a basket esttlee
thpn addrn every. few-faet, aso that the
sow May know them by sight as well
as by hearing.
S The swirl is defined as an awkward
Rrowth of hair on a hog'is back. It is
the claimed by wise observers that bhgs
irve having this will, at certain times of
ont the year have a coat of hair that is
a of coarse and rough. But this coarseness
IIn is only skin deep.
bin When the sow is suckling a litter of
and pigs, be careful about changing her
me feed. While it is essential that she be
given a good variety, any change
ere should be made gradual. Otherwise
een there is always a risk of giving the
ex* pigs the scours.
rica In a majority of cases, the farmers
ght who breed and raise a few pigs every
lels year, and at the same time grow the
liar hiogs to fatten them, manage to realize
ept a profit, while those who take spas
Sat modic turns at breeding and growing
rop are rarely successful. Generally, if
1 a the. brood sow does not come in heat,
of you may know that she is not in good
ere condition. After her hertter is weaned
eas she should be well fed, so as to be in a
gaining condition when bred. It is
600 never a good plan to breed a sow that
ieli is running down; better wait a little
n, longer and feed a little better.
Iey The first hundred pounds put on a
(in pig costs less than the second and the
dg- second less than the third, and every
nrm additional hundred costs more than the
)ne preceding. There is no advantage in
)es feeding especially for heavy weight.
for An average of 200 pounds will gener
net ally give the best results.-Farm and
Ranch.
sh- COTTON BOLL WEEVIL.
net
One ot the Most Dangeroes Poets tast
Slas Invaded the tnoutry.
fty The agricultural department of the 1
Op, United States government considers
500 the cotton oll weevil, a picture of I
or which is here shown, to be one of the c
lb- most dangerous pests that has ever
x mInade its appearance in the United
450 States. It has so far confined its opera- i
to tions to northern Mexieo and a limited c
=r area in Texas. It has in some locali
a ties shown a tendency to spread
ipt rapidly, while in others it is
ar- said to have been at work
oP for years in very small areas,
e d- s I
en
as
nne
ry t
d
lie
of
ce
is
at
to
il and shown little signs of extending
l t operations. Department experts have
been at work investigating his bug.
Sship for some months past in the neigh
eC borhood of Brownsville. on the iio
e Grande. So far no cure has been dis
covered, and many acres of cotton have
been abandoned in consequence. to
e An extraordinary thing about this ri
ip creature is that it will live in a cotton to
'" boll, and nowhere else, and once se- le
is creted inside of these shells it is safe ar
e- from enemies and snug and comforta- th
ble in a bed of softest down. The ap th
Sqarane of this insect is dreaded later In
,S in the year. I
CHEESE MACHINERY.
1 Instructlons For Those Who Want to srake an
S Cheese ona a Small Scale. be
It Strain the milk into a vat and add at
ni half a pint of rennet to 100 gallons of di:
e mile, which should bring the curd in an
.s one hour, when the temperature is at It
s about eighty degrees. Stir the rennet mm
e and milk thoroughly. Many of the Pr
e unknown troubles of the amateur ne
cheese maker arise from the use of ill- en
conditioned rennet; if doubt as to its ev
v purity exist it should be filtered
a through a flannel or cotton fiber. As
the condition of rennet, quality of
Smilk and temnperature vary at nearly pC
s every cheese making, the prepared
i rennet tablets sold by dairy supply
t houses are undoubtedly more certain
f in results.
To the beginner a thermometer ac
Scurately graduated is essential to suc
s cess. The curd is cut into one inch
squares immediately after it has
Sformed, to hasten thie separation of
I whey and cunrd. The cutting is repeat
ed two or three times at half hour in
tervals, and then dipped carefully into
a basklet in which a strainer has been
1 plnacd. Arrange the basket on a ahd
dr over thie whey receiver and cut the
curd occasionally to hasten draining.
Vhcn compact and fairly tfree from
whey, tie the strainer ends by opposite
corners and hang in a coolplace until
the morning run is madie. Proceed withr
the morning's milk precisely in the
ame way until ready to hang. This
cerd requires a little more draining
that it may be firm and decidedly free
from whey.
Cut the night and morning curds in
slices, place in a owl and chlop into
pieces a-half inch in diameter. Pour
over the curds a gallon of hot whey or
is made. Drain off the scalding water,
add salt to taste and thoroughly mix
in tie curd, place a dry strainer in the
Iloop, carefully introduce the curd,
fold the strainer neatly over the top.
nut the follower on and consign to tlhe
press. Only enough weight shhould be .
used to nicely consolidate the cheese.
and pre-ss out the remaining portions
of shey.
If placed in the press in the morn
inR, at night turn the cheese, substi- s
tute a fresh strainer, the next day re-.
move frlom the press, btutter the sides,
top and tottom, and place on an odor
less board in a cool, airy place to cure.
Four weeks for curing is necessary, El
and during this time the cheese should
be turned daily and buttered if in*
cdined to ndlh-?re to the board. Ac
cheese is liaLeU to expand, a band of
strong cloth should be drawn and
sewedt tightly around it to obviate
cracking.-American Agriculturist.
HERE AND THERE,
-We spend too much money for
seeds. farmers rhould give mere at
ten tion to saving their own seeds, and
thums sar-ang their money-ttwo savings
at onc0.
-It is hardly possible to plow too
early for whent, and the sooner this is
done a-ftr th e li*ilo to be sown is rosad
trw tihe p iow the belter iOr the Qrpp
us~.."az am ati ' o.Y A9@ pu*
R0ii Powder
: Am@rýWTEr.cv PUR.
ge Ira bloycle's known as a "bike,"
S A tricycle must be a "trlke,"
Andwhen winter comes round
It will doubtless be found
That an icycle goes as an "Ike."
,Ir -Washington Star.
ry I-"Wby do you refuse me b'hen I say
he eI can't live without you?" She-.'-"You have
maroused my uriosity."-Detroit Tribu .
S Ta carriageless horse bears no malice to
a the horseless carriage.-Nashvillo American.
Tue first and last thing required of genius
ad the love of truth.--oethe.
ed G smi'a simplicity of heart is a healing
a and cementing prindcple.-Burke.
is -
at ANYnoD can be pleasant to ploasant peo
plo, but it takes grace to be pleasant to un
e pleasant people.-Ram's Horn.
a EMPLOYER--"How did your brother clear
himself of the charge " Nurse Girl-"-'ure,
I think it's a lullaby they do call it,he
ry proved. "-Puck.
Ie
S ."WRETcn I" '"Brute!" And so they were
divorced and lived happily to the end of
their lives.-Detroit Tribune.
d POETS are born, not made. The present
state of the market would not warrant their
manufacture. -Rogeravillo Review.
A MSAN'S nature runs either to herbs or
weeds; therefore, let him seasonably water
the one and destroy the other. - Lady
me Gethin.
BorxND TO HAVE A MASn.-A youngwoman
has Invented a car fender. If she can't
io catch her man one way she will another.
r Augusta Chronicle.
d "TnE say Cholly has more money than
brains." " Then why don't you set four
d cap for himt"-Life.
d THE head has the most beautiful aplpear
ance, as well as the highest station, in a hu
man flgure.-Addison.
CuoLLYv-"Miss S. is the sharpest girl 1
I know." C'humley-"Yes: she cuts me
every time I meet he'."-WVorld's Comic.
"THANK goodness," exclaimed the pro
prietor of tihe livery stable, '.they can't use
bicycles for funerals."'-Chicago ''ribune.
Gon governs the world, and we have only
to do our duty wisely and leave the issue to
Hi-n.-JoLn Jav.
4 "
it
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet- Al
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly -
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid S$
laxative principles embraced in the i'
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting C
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and tru-y se
beneficial properties of a perfect lax- e
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation. e
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical FE
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every A
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not ti
accept any substitute if offered.
will go farther in doing the family wash
ing or doing the housework than a quan
tity of ordinary soap
LAIRETTE SOAP.
IYOUR FINGEERS.
S(YOUR CLOTHES,
YOUR TEIIPER.
YOUR MONEY.
Try it. Sold by all Grocers. Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, - St. Louis.
iUNEYUEI ' BLACKBERRY ELIXIR
DYSEN B TERY, Diarrhoea, CHOLERA Infantum,
and all Summer Bowel Troubles.
DOCTORS ArDo PATIErTS ALaIIaE PRAISE IT.
ELIXIR In my prctice with very slisfacLcry results."A Ac r
WEBB MANWUFACTURIG CO., Prorxietcr , NASHVILLE. TENN.
Fertilizers for Fall Crops
should contain a high percentage of Potash to
insure the largest yield and a permanent enrichment
of the soil.
Write for our "Farmers' Guide.," a r42-page illustrated book. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address,
GrMAN RAIA WORK!, 9a Namaiu Stree,tew Yeag,
lie ancient Rome two augurs could not
meet each other without laughing. But two
bores could.--Texas Sitings.
Normxa so cumpletely robs conflnement
of thepain and surfs ring attending it as the
Uso of "L'other'Frieud.' Soldbydqisisa
th Oxw man's word is no man's word; we
should quietly hear both sides.--Goethe.
to Mall's Catarrh Cure
an. Is taken internally. Irrce Tto
[us
GREAT BOOK FREE.
When Dr. I. V. Piere, of Bufalo, N. Y.,
ublihedlthe fist edition of his work, The
o eople's Common Sense Medical Adviser'
in- he announced that after 68o,ooo copies had
been sold at the regular price, $s.ao r
copy, the profit on which would repay nmn
or for te great amount of labor and money
e expended in prdtucing It, he would di
Stribute the nexat half million fere. As this
number of copies has already been sold, he,
is now distriButing, absolutely free, 5o,ooo
re copies of this a most com
of plete, interest- COUPON ing and hal.
nable common No.110Po sense med
ical work ever publishsd-.
at the recipient only being required to minl
ir to him; at the above address, this little
COUPON with twenty-one (as) cents in one
cent stamps to pay for postage and pack.
tr ing only, and the book will be sent by mail.
er It as a veritable medical library, complete
ly in one volume. It contains over oco pages
and more than Soo illustrations. The F-re
Edition is precisely the same as those sold
In at $1.5o except only that the books are
't bound in strong manilla paper covers in.
stead of cloth. Send Now before all are
given away. They are going off rapidly.
n BEST IN THE WORLD.
THE RISING SUN
STOVE POLISH in
astoveo
THE SUN PASTr
POLISH for a quick
to shine,
app liedcn andpol
ished with a cloth.
lorse Bros., Props.. Canton, Mane.. U.S.A.
CONV ERSE s 15sr
SC GE E Thorough In All
Its Appointments.
C ULLEPr Free Scholarships.
nd lberl education of young women.
OPF.N SEPTEMBER 21.. 1505.
Por catnloae. te, rms. etc. address.
HtEb. .U. F. bWILS.14.Ii, ..' apartanburg. S.
WALL AND SCHOOL
MOONEY'S
FITS BOYS FOR UNIVERSITY OR FOR LIFE.
PUPILS ENTER VANDERBILT on CERTIFICATE.
Address m%. ]D. IOONE.Y.
OILERS Stacs. sStand Pipes, Etc.,
Ligh t nnd lheavy plate IrcS
ET $TE wor co every dcscription.
PPIADan Shea& Co,.
No. 8s Jesrerson st.. MISEPHInS. TENK.
AGENTS WANTED-L dle it Prerred .a
iSo eer7 town in the Ulited Stat. te
sell to cdnsumers,·l COEESP
SPICES, ETC by ood workers. T epArtmeuM,
National Wholesrle SupWply Co., 2 S. tain St., S. Louis.,
C`|I r lJ D l;':For eatceled postage stamps.
Uýi`  l uli lCoanfetdcrate money, old coin.
Send 4e for price lists. Repre
sent large manufact urers. Write uis for anything
you Wvant. louke A liowllng. Mnemphlis. Teno.
GAYOSO HOTELT'--- IN
trOe RooMS 1IEDLCEID TO As.o0 IJ·t DlA.
FREE AM""I.E " CUE for .Iles to any ad
dr.... litDKKt IDICIaa ConPA.iT, anIgP. A.T.
A. N. KS., F 1864
WHEN WRITING TO ADnvy TIsgEts P.Luasa
state that reo saw the Advertisanss II tmai
anace. ------