ZLi1Lri4 N.
aste r A--ne'r
.tr GON -7 PaRO.MratO. yet
the
JOIUAL UF THIS PARISH me
te Lalayete La. PotO icc M Second gut
est.
A-&Yru MAY, 4, z895. yec
f bEMOCRATIC TICKET. inu
OPORATION OF LAEAYETTE. Th
gre
;ELECTION MONDAY MAY 6ra, 1895. fio,
For Mayor. Inc
A. J. MOSS, the
ha`
For Councilmen: gai
J. O. LEBLANC, no
JOSEPH DUCOTE, Th
J. D. TRAHAN,. the
B. FALK, pri
ORTHER C. MOUTON, stri
T. M. BIOSSAT, tha
LEO DOUCET. mil
MUWCIPAL LECTION. ' In'
The municipal ticxet published a s
in this issue is the one which was ma
fairly and regularly nominated at at'
the late Democratic mass meeting. pr
The ticket is a good one, and the noi
people of the town can safely trust his
their interests to its keeping. It cla
has the advantage also, of being rec
responsible to, and owing allegiance agi
only to the people, and proposes to crc
Srun the affairs of the town on busi- suf
ness principles. Every good Dem- So,
ocrat will be expected to go to the cha
poll' next Monday and vote the of
Democratic ticket without a scratch. up
We must be on the alert, and if ma
an opposition ticket should make im
its appearance, be prepared to snow sia
it under with Democratic votes. ha
Spain at last has agreed to make as
full reparation to the United States me
for the firing upon the Alliancia by
a Spanish man of war.
Dis
One of the greatest disasters of ha.
*recent times was the breaking of the get
3Bonrzey dyke near Espinal, France, an4
by which over x5o lives were lost, s'
and millions of dollars of damages to
done to property. Al
Some newspapers are clamoring St'
for a Southern man for president. 14
We will be satisfied with a good
democrat from any section except No
the East. The country has had
enough of Wall street for awhile. C'
me
The Queen city of North Louis- $2
iana seems to be getting a conside- arc
rable move on her. With two or Ph
three railroads knocking for en- fo
trance and a big immigration move
ment, Shreveport is about to a,
wake up and make some noise in the tO
world.
Owing to the scarcity of fat beef ti,
cattle, beef has risen very much in c
price, but the winter crop of hogs, ar
fortunately, is large; so that though I
beef may be beyond the reach of h:
some, yet hog product will be cheap t
enough to fit everyone's pocket. in
al
The State department is making
careful inquiries in regard to the
treatment of Ex-Consul Waller, who O
has been imprisoned by the French P
government, and his large conces- li
sion by the Madagascar govern
ment, confiscated.
The reports published concerning f
the Cuban rebellion are very con- ti
tradictory, but it seems now that f
Cuban independence is likely to be
postponed for some years yet.
Spain is taking very active steps to ,
suppress the rebellion and will most
likely succeed in a short time.
Ths Opelousas Courier suggests
that at the Donaldsonville meeting I
the newspaper men inaugurate a
movement to erect a monument
over the remains of the late
Capt. George W. McCranie,
the well-known founder of the
Louisiana Press Association and
at one time editor of the Ouachita
Telegraph.
The friends of free silver will
meet May ad at Miemphis for the
purpose of calling a convention in
opposition to the "sound money"
convention to be held there. Some
S of the most brilliant speakers of the
United States will defend the white
metal. It is to be hoped that the
proceedings of both conventions
- will, be published.
The trouble in the Orient has as
.assed a new phase. Japan having
e>-uvquished China and secured
~le e at her own terms, now finds
b at Enrope means to have a word
but it. Russia, Germany, and
cane have intimated to Japan
she muast revise her demands,
ntent herself without the
mg peninsula. Just now thbe
is very interesting and
d to serious results, since
is disposed to support
-. ,7. •
N. O. States. C o9
It is England's boast~that thhsn -l
never sets upon lar dohiainisas, adt.
yet what profit is it to the masses of It
the people whose toil furnishes the man
money and bodies the food fo arenu
gunpowder? Her agricultural inter- to k
ests have gone to the dogs; her
sometime sturdy and independent f d
yeomanry are things of the past; hav
hundreds of thousand of her poor ther
in large cities are crying for bread. have
They have reaped no gain from dulg
great conquests; the blood that has then
flowed from slaughtered millions in to ti
slay4
India, Africa-in every portion of And
the habitable globe, in short-who In
have fallen a prey to her greed of eno
gain and pride of conquest, has in not
no wise improved their condition. and
They have no hoarded millions as po
the fruit of plunder; their's not the trult
privilege of ",operating" in Lombard will
street. The school book tells us toth
that ",millions died that Caesar fuIt
might be great," and this can, with t,
equal truth, be said of England. drip
In passing it might be well to note o
a startling inconsistency of this old des
mother of ours. With all this blood But
at her door; with all the cruelties y
practiced upon helpless savages- you,
not supassed by that of Cortez and tent
his mailed followers upon the half- to a
clad Aztecs-standing as a damning part
record on the page of history sold
against her, the old beldame sheds a di
crocodile tears over the alleged nest
suffering of the ex-slaves of the God
South; has the cool effrontery to do
charge our people with the practice shat
of unprovoked and needless cruelty
upon them. Of recent years Ger
many and France have seen fit to the
imitate England, while as for Rus- drip
sia, the idea of conquest has been tati
handed dow-n from Peter the Great, slav
as the settled policy of the govern- we
ment. CoW
ang
All Free. in
Those who have used Dr. King's New
Discovery knows its value, and those who and
have not, have now the opportunity to try it
free. Call on the advertised Druggist and
get a Trial Bottle, Free. Send your name in
and address to H. E. Bucklen & Co., Chicago, 0
and get a sample box of Dr. King's New the
Life, Pills Free, as well as a copy of Guide
S to Health and Household Instructor, Free. tel
All of which is guaranteed to do you ood dr
and cost you nothing. Vm. Clegg's rug on
Store. dr
tV/HAT ARE WE GOING TO an
DO ABOUT IT rusi
t New York World. st
Three or four men have conspired to se-me
cure a practical monopoly of this country's tio
meat supply. These men are worth from
- , 5,ooo.ooo to $$o,0oOO,OOo apiece but they o
are not content. By virtue of their mono- ag
p oly they are at this moment making all
the people in the nation pay them two prices m
for every pound of meat they eat.
Another small group of men have secured
o a monopoly of the mineral-oil supply. They bu
too are multi-millionaires of insatiable greed. ha
They are at this moment compelling every
body in the country to pay from two to three d,
f times as much for light as they should. a
Another small group of conspirators have
control of the anthracite-coal supply. They no
are levying blackmail upon the people in sa
precisely the same way. m.
Another small group of multi-millionaires wl
f have coptrol of sugar, and are intrenched in so
their monopoly by laws purchased in the mi
P Senate of the United States. They are tax- to
ing everybody in the country to add to their w
already preposterous wealth. ha
g These are merely samples. The list might
be extended almost indefir.itely. Almost
e every article of common use is in the grasp T
0 of one of these monopolies. The taxes the
:h people are compelled to pay to these con
spiracies exceed by twentyfold the half bil
s- lion a year which they must contribute to
the support of the Government. E
What are we going to do about it?
We have compelled Congress to enact laws v
for the punishment of the conspirators and
for the restraint of their conspiracies. But
the administration which was in power when f
- these laws were enacted utterly failed to en
at force them. Its alliance with the conspirat
ors was open and flagrant, and the purchase-. a
Sprice of it was a campaign contribution.
t We elected a new administration pledged
by every possible promise to execute these e
to laws and a Congress pledged to enact more
st stringent laws if necessary. The Congress
did its duty in part. The administration be- 1
trayed the people utterly, and again the price
was a campaign contribution. It ut a trust
ts attorney in the Attorney-General's office. i
ng He seized the opportunity to discredit the
anti.monopoly laws in his first officral report,
a and-even to deny the authority of Congress s
nt to pass any laws at all against trusts and mo
nopolies. Such pretenses as he made of efforts
te to enforce these laws have been transparent I
ie, shams, designated solely to disciedit the law
and prevent its enforcement.
he The President, though elected in part on
nd this issue, and though specially and person
ally pledged to carry out the declarations of
ita the platform, has steadfastly refused to re
move the Whiskey Trust's attorney from the
law department or in any other way to res
ill pond to the popular desire for relief from the
intolerable trust oppression.
he Now what are we going to do about it?
in This is really the dominant question in
American politics.
me Free Pills.
the Send your address to H. E. Bucklen & Co.,
ite Chicago, and get a free sample box of Dr.
King's New Life Pills. A trial will convince
the you of their merits. These pills are easy in
action and are particularly effective in the
ns cure of Constipation and Sick Hleadache
For Malaria and Liver troubles they have
been proved invaluable. They are guar
as- anteed to be perfectly free from every
deleterious substance and to be purely vege
ing table. They do not weaken by their actions
red but by giving tone to stomach and bowels
greatly invigorate the system. Regular
nds size 5c. per box. Sold by Wm. Clegg.
and Engineers, conductors and brakemen
smoke the New Orleans Daily States Cigar.
pan That proves their great superior merit. P.
Ids, Demanade sells a great many. n 14.
the Cash paid for old gold at Bios
the sat's jewelry store.
and
DcC Phy-ician% now rcco.nend the New Or
ort leans Daily States r igar as being of super
I ior merit and haviiffg a tine aroma.
C. TD BY TH . LAVAYE . C. T .U. C
Wb t is~ a r ~j~pe~e aPledge? claim
Ars. S. .. I. Hsenry. desc
It is simply the promise of a man or wo- the
man to abstain from all intoxicating liquors, Cour
and, like any promise, to. make it good, any
requires an honest intention and the ability meal
to keep it. It is naturally expected that any nor
one will be able to keep such a promise. O
"Of curse I can keep it," says the victim the
of drink, and he fully believes that he can, publ
but the results ofobservation and experience not
have proven that we must not be too sure; C
there has too often been failure in spite of
the best intention on the part of those who days
have signed the pledge, to allow us to in-n
dulge in confidence in the ability of man suit
alone. Men do not like to believe this of Atd
themselves, and so this leaflet may come in- At
to the hands of some man who is just such a the
slaveswho has broken pledge after pledge. hwit
And yet there is hope. with
In the affairs of this world, if the promise whfl
of one man is not broad enough and strong foll
enough to meet the requirement, if he has tin
not enough in his own person, he begins to Ne
look about for "backing," for indorsement; dred
and if he can get a "good name on his dept
paper" he is all right. He may not own a
dollar; he may have been even proven un I
truthful, careless about his promise; but he Iba
will be accepted in biusiness circles to the ex- Har
tent of the "backing" he can get. Take ing
notice, however, the dishonest and untruth- Bla
ful do not get indorsement. So in this mat
ter. You have a certain strength in your ofA
own will, bat the power of the appetite for
drink, and of the open saloon, are against
you, and if you could not get the backing of H. (
God Almighty, your case would surely be F
desperate, for your soul knows better than 1
to trust the word of your demoralized flesh. of A
But Jesus Christ has taken into account all
your need, the need of your home, wife and
children, of your own soul, and will indorse
you, poor bankrupt that you are, to the ex
tent of all you lack, provided you will be Bi
true in your part, and with a sincere purpose brid
to do the best you can, trust Him.a Your long
part is not to go in the way of sinners; not on t
cross the door of a place where liquor is egi
sold or drunk; not put out your hand to take bll
a drink; not stand and look at it; but to brid
cleanse your lips of profanity and unclean- de C
ness, and be willing to let the Holy Spirit of be r
God, and His people, do their work in you. 14t1
Do the best you can for God, and He will acct
do the best He can for you. "My God
shall supply all your need acc',rding to His
riches in glory by Christ Jesus." -
Keeping Away From A Foe.
Reading such proofs as the following of and
the dangerous and compelling power of the and
drink appetite, we can understand the temp- hun
tation of those who yield to it, while we Yot
condemn their folly in forging their own en- bef'
slaving chains. But for those who resist it
we can hardly speak too high praise. Mr.
John B- (ough, remarking that there is no and
cowardice in running away from the char- andil
ing of the alcoholic serpent, tells the follow- fin
ing anecdote by way of example: Lai
I know a man who was strongly tempted,
and escaped. He was a printer, and work
ing near a window opposite which was the
"Shades," he saw persons coming out wip
ing their lips, having taken their '-eleven liv
o'clock."
He began to want it, and grew nervous;
the desire increased; every fibre of his sys- n
tem seemed to cry out for it, when he
dropped his form of type, and, in his vexa- p
tion at the accident, took off his apron, put
on his coat, with the intention of getting the
drunk; when as he said, he thought of wife
and children, of -former ruin and disgrace, bi
and present prosperity and r.:putation, he La
rushed out and ran hatless through the as
streets till he reached home.
"Wife, shut me up, for mercy's sake, shut
me up and don't let me out. Ask no ques
tions, but shut me up." be
She was a wise wife and locked him in a
room, and there he remained for thirty
hours before he dare venture out to his work be
again.
A lawyer who had been intemperate told by
me, '-1 have been obliged to forego all light
literature. I can hardly read a newspaper." 1t
"Why"? I replied. Sr
"I have not tasted drink for two years, O0
y but if I only read of drinking, I want it. I M1
have paced my office with hands clenched Si
and the sweat standing in bends on my fore
head, as I battled the horrible desire to get m
e drink, when I have read of a man drinking gi
a glass of wine." fo
e Another gentlemen told me that he had
y not drank for twenty-cight years; "'But,"
a said he, "I have some fifty men working for
me, and when I take the breath of a man
5 who has been drinking, 1 want it-yes,
n sometimes want it so that I have ridden ten
e miles to rid myself of the desire that seemed ai
c- to cry through my whole system, Give! give! o
it when I have taken the breath of a man who w
had been drinking."-New York Advocate. Jg
TO THE PARMEIR, HOME-SEE- K
I ER, AND TRAVELER. e
5- _____ h
to Contemplating a trip West or tl
East, the Southern Pacific Co.'s ad- c
rs vantages are worthy of considera a
d tion. We can save you time and i,
:n ,ou can save money by asking any n
- of her representatives for the infor- t
e- mation you desire relative to Ticket
td Rates, Routes, Time, etc. We
sespecially call your attention to the
Strain service, wlich comprises the
e- latest modern improvements in
,c equipment. Her road-bed is the
e. best in the South, and her facilities
for Speed, Safety and Comfort as
:s sure you of a pleasant journey and a
'O safe arrival at your destination.
tnt Her trains run through all the larg
Sest cities in Louisiana, Texas, New
on Mexico, Arizona and - California.
in- At New Orleans her trains connect
re- with all Railroad and Steamship
e Lines for the North and Northeastt
the Through Pullman Sleepers of the
it? latest design and Pullman Tourist
in Sleepers between New Orleans, Los
Angelos and San Francisco. Her
courteous employes will aid the trav
eler and solicit your patronage.
:o, Apply to nearest Southern Pacific
.n Agent or write to S.- F. B. Morse,
in G. P. & T. A., New Orleans, La.
che MONITION.
ave
tar- STATE OF LOUISIANA PARISH OF
'ery LAFAYETTE.
ge
ons SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT.
ular To all to whom these presents may come.
Greeting;
Whereas Lepold Levy of Iberia Parish La.
nen who bought at public sale made by C. T.
Iar. Cade, sheriff of Iberia parish, the property
P. herinaftei described, and B. Joseph Pellerin,
I. Mrs. Chas Delhomme,Mrs. Robert Norwood
Mrs. Prosper Druet and widow Cecilia
os- Theiss, also S.Philip Tournes', and Anthony
Sandozs, subsequent. purchaser of parts o!
said property from said Ievy, have applied
trm the Judge of this court for a monition or
Or- advertisement, incontformity with sectiors
per- 2370 et sequltur of the Revised Statutes of
Louisiana: Now therefore know ye and all
Lesiana and: of t ] S7 Juduicial, D et
Cotsrt, who set up asy right ;eiA2
claims in a to the prqperty nherelitr
described in=jd apequence bf informalit in
the order, decree, or judgment of the
court under which this scale was made, or
any irregularity or-illegality in the appraise
ment and advertisement in time and man
ncr of sale, or for any other defect what
soever, to show cause within thirty days,from
the day this monition is first inserted in the
public papers, why the sale so made, should
not be confirmed and homologated.
The said property was sold by C. T.
Cade sheriff of Iberia parish on the 12th
days of August 5893 by virtue of a commis
sign to sell to him directed, issued in the
suit entitled Simonette LeBlanc vs. His
Creditors, being suit No. 3807 in this court.
At said sale the said Lepold Levy became
the purchaser for the price and sum of eight
hundred and sixty-nine, and 22-loo dollars
with 8 per cent per annum interest until paid,
which property is described in said deed as
follows. The undivided one half of a cer
tain block of ground situated in the town of
New Iberia, La., having a front four hun
dred and sixty feet on Hacker street by a
depth of five hundred and forty eight feet MI
on Iberia and Julia streets, bounded north by
Iberia street, east by Hacker street, west by
Iberia street, and south by property of
Harry Jacob deceased. Said property be- C)
ing held in division by Simonette Le
Blanc and Josph LeBlanc.
These granted and signed on this 2oth day LAJ
of April 1895.
Signed A. C. ALLEN.
Judge 17th Jud'l District Court. n45
H. C. WALLIS, Dy. Clerk.
Filed April 3oth s895.
Witness my hand and seal this 3oth day
of April A. D. 1895.
WV. B. BAILEY.
Clerk of Court. AT
Notice.
Bids will be for the construction of a
bridge over Coulee Isle des Cannes soo feet
long to be built of the lumber which is now
on the grounds, as well as one on Martin
Begnand's place sixty feet long; also to be
bnilt of lumber already at that place. Said
bridges to be built as the one on Coulee Isle
de Cannes near. Jacques Mattieu. Bids will
be received at Scott to my address until the
s4th of May x895. I reserve the right to
accept or reject-said bids.
ALi. A. DELHOMME,
Member ofP Jury 1st ward.
Your Opportunity Toi
Is Ripe. During the months of April
and May we will sell all kinds of Furniture tion
and Stoves at absolute cost. This is no Pre
humbug sale, but a bonafide cost-price sale. hou
You can supply your wants at a price never be 1
before heard of, if you buy now.
L. LEVY & SON.
A LIBERAL REWARD-A black, white
and tan dog, strayed or stolen from F. F.
Miles' farm. A liberal reward to the
finder. Apply at F. F. Miles' farm, near
Lafayette.
Chickens and Eggs. Bo
I will supply the people of Lafayette with
chickens and fresh eggs at all times. De
livered at domicile. Leave you orders at LA
Mrs. Jim Mouton's residence.
n-14 ONEZIME MOUTON.
Protection to Game and Poultry. Ad
t The undersigned will pay $50 bounty to
E the persons making the highest number of
a points by killing predatory animals and
birds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,
e La., before the Ist day of January, 1896,
e as follows:
t $25 to the one making greatest number o
points.
'$5 to the one malting next greatest num
ber of points. 71
$1o to the one making next greatest num
k her of points.
Value of different heads are to be counte I
d by points, as fellows.
rot rs ero:x Ni
.Large Hawk ..........5 W ild cat ............5
Small hawk. ......... 5 Coon................... 5
s, Owl .................... ..15 Opossum .............5
I M ink ......... ...... 5 \Veasel ................ to
d Sku kk. ......... . 15 Fox ............ ........5.
IIeads of birds of prey and scalps of ani
et mals to be delivered to WVm. Clcgg who will
g give receipt for points, no bounty to be paid
for less than five hundred points. P
A F. F. MY LES.
r TO TIHE PEOPLE.
I beg to announce that I have
n just received from the East, a large
d and varied stock of summer goods
e! of the latest styles, consisting of
10 white and figured lawns, challies,
e. ginghams, chambrys, lace lawns,
sateens in all grades and colors, A
L' hoseries and also a large stock of _
embroideries from the lowest to the
highest, insertings, edgings, torchons
:r the finest ever exhibited in any
d_ country store; also gloves, mitts
and parasols, besides a fine and a
complete stock of neckwear, cloth- c
id ing, hats and shoes and gent's fur
ry nisbing goods ever brought to this
r- town. *
et Prices within the reach of all.
Call and be convinced.
e Jos. PLo.sv, Agent.
. In
Poor
Health
ip means so much more than
st you imagine-serious and
:he fatal diseases result from
'ist trifling ailments neglected.
.os Don't playwith Nature's
ier greatest gift-health.
Iv- Irooni 1
ge. Nerala Troule ra
in Cohtlatoe, ead B volo
se ohaonv the ine-- no appctir
we s~a sad nt wor,.
a. BROWN CEMICA CO. BATIMORE, .
Coastlpetlos, Bad Bood
d all
W.
",rkm, fml
anf iuaseb are the
Best in the World.
a.. emutpttve BdeYr
msas whiho appealra ibn
'lbo a. satsntat.
a. on Ystea W. .*
a ls mm* ad pine
aI psd oa bo~tam. WSAs b,
Leo'Doucet.
6EO. A. DEBLANC1
-dealer in
WOOD, LIMEmrs.' OOOAL
Wholesale and retail.
Machine-Sawed & Split Ash
Stove Wood.
Cypress and Pine Kindling.
All Orders Promptly Attended to.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LOUISIANA.
Office and Yard near R. R. Depot.
n45-s.
Chas. D. Caffery,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC.
Office on Madison street, LAFAYETTE, LA.
44-Ry.
D. V. Gardebled
PHARMACIST,
and dealer in
Drugs, Patent Medicinces,
Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
hours of the day and night. Everything o
be found in a first class drugstore.
180Next to.Falk's Opera House.
GENTIL'S HOTEL.
(Opposite So. Pac. R. R. Depot.)
aRRs. R. GENTl IL, Prop.
Board by the week or day. IMeals at all
hours. Rates very reasonable.
LAFAYETTE, - - - LA.
C. A. Voorhics,
Address: Derbiny and Esplaa::dc streets,
°NEW ORLIEANS.
d Represents
WM. H. LEE & CO.
Wholesale liquors.
713 and 715 Lucas Avenue, St. LOUIS, Mo.
31-xy
Improve Your
I .Stock.
r B By Breeding
5 to Pure Bred '"HoL.s-rE'I BULL."
is IBreckinridge.
SFe, $2.50
Pure Bred Jersey Bull,
Beecher
Fee, $2.50.
e Pure Bred Red Jersey Hog,
Is OSCAR WILDE.
f Fee, $1.OO
S, Usual Prlullege of Retuarr..
AT T. F. MYLES,'
Near Lafayette., La.
. NEW BARBER SHOP,
"s On Vermilion Street,
id at Higginbotham's old Stand. First
l- class workman in attendance.
is Yours for a clean shave or a nice,
smooth hair cut.
S E. L. Morley.
T -)
Sold by TRAHAN & DOUGET, Lafayette; JULES PETETIN, Sunset; E. V. BARRY, Gra a
Coteau; E- MI~AAUJD Caaityo,
'IRA iAN& 1QUOE I,
Successors to J. E. TRAIIAN,
-AND DEALERS IN
Paints, Varnishes. Window Glass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
School Books a'"d Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigars
Meillier's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compounded Day & Night
-16-i-93
S "Things of the past are dead buried, and forgotten."
I am now in a positlon to more than
MEET COMPETITION
I can make good my assertion with the proof. My son, HENRY BEN
DEL, lives in New York. This gives me
UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
Over Competitors to Have a
Resident-Buyer
In New York
B. FALK, Lafayette, La.
SPRING OPENINI
--AT-
Mrs John 0. Mouton's
Fine Hats And Bonnets,.
And all the Millinery Novelties,
Dress Goods, Shoes,.
..And Stockings.
S IYC LS.
Are the
Highest
of all
1High
Grades
S,ýf t ,arranted Superior to an)y Iicycle built in the
' orld, regardless of Price.
Readt the following opinion of one of th.- tne,;t protinent Amne
rican dealers who has sold hundreds of these wheels:
Hligih Frnme. W.ood Rime, RICH1t NII. A., OCT. 2. 894.
I)etachable Tirce. Scor,'h- INsttaNa ftcvct.'L Co.. isNtA.AA.o t.ts. INso.:
cr, weight. 2t lbs .... 85 (;ort.str. -'l'hc W:vcr-i cy Scorclher al d Belle came to hand yesterday.
Stecel Rim. a rlcy We are afraid vonu have sent us the high priced whcel by mistake. Y'ou can't
CliSncher .'R ies. T re wci t, mean to tell its that this heel retails for 85! ,We tms t at y that it i.. withottt
.. T.rs w... .. ei58 e lception, the prettiest wheel we have ever seep. and. moreover. we have faith
24 bs .... ... 85 in it. although it weighs only v-lbs.., for of all \avcrleys we :have sold this
Regular Frame, same 'rand last (:tnd vonknw that i a right good nunber), we aveh never had
RE itSlOS ]'ra , .g me a frame nor fork broken. either from atccidentor defect, and that is more than
w t ........... wt ctan say say of :n\- other wheel. however high grade. to called, that we sell.
L.adier' Drop Frame. same We congratulate ourselves every day that we arc the Waverlev agentc .
P fours Iculy. WALTXR C. 1IeRHER& Co.
e. Ladies' Diamond. Wood - Ill tratec Ct atlo.se F re ""
Rims. weight. so Ibs..$75
Indiana Bicycle Co. INDAINAPOLIS,. IND.
B- CLEGG, Exclusive Agent, Lafayette, L