Swla 0!a ti
Swa and freh usea
POr
.. p
e boiary, Ibu the es nlrst ry t
y tabelbs le sm ewthle , itthte
I Should Lose the U.. of It.
K felt better soon after I bsen wit Hood's
Yotheas of sedentry hbi ve suel
HOOD'S at
tb
dr
,> W.IF. Ptiasgi sh
ro
ving taken oodrs ap Sarilla fe sp
months mpepatidad it s an llen but remedy. i
tir yearoos I h ave had ienatl aes, ai goodt
py weiple body, but esdellIaU myD right arm le
I felt better son after I began wirth Hood's AS
aood'sl, anPd when I had t ateour bttinner
the beumatism entirely left me. I as been acc
Pllaster of the M. E. church 0 ears, and io.e
wow others of sedentary habits have sufered
MOO TD''S a
Sarsaparilla
CURES t
with Dyspepsal and Isnesuosnnl but while is
taking Hood's Slsaparilla I have had a good S5
appetite, food digested wello, I gp ured.ew e
ean. , ooý}" +3ý'' ýýr..` Y ot ftor Hood's."
M ood'sa Pig are the best after-dinner P
Plsassistn igestion, oare headache. L. 1
r
ls guaranteed to Cure
In Evepy Case.
O DRENCHING-DOSE: ONE TABLESPOO C
LE-A32ED. ters., Feb. 2t' 9
Dual Seta:-! do not want to be without
long as I own tan eimal subject to tse above
named diseases, Am a farmer, owner and
every instance, found it fully as good as recom
I. L. LYONS & CO., Proprietors,
"August
Flower"
" I am ready to testify under oath
that if it had not been for August 1
Flower I should have died before
this. Eight years ago I was taken
aick, and suffered as no one but
a dyspeptic can. I employed three
of our best doctors .and received
no benefit. They told me that I had
hedrt, kidney, and liver trouble.
Everything I ate distressed me so
..that I had to throw it up.. August
S19tower cured me. There ls no med
icine equal to it." LoUzIo F.
S.LEPRN, Appleton, Maine. *
g. a
- ), U, y lsf "o sa i
mforbs otr adrcie
side
mix
tiles, eat,
road eral
heath w o fthe __
porn t used in
whibh will freqy fit the water, I1
the larger theores better. This ari
will carry off all the water, and the air on
passing through the tiles will keep the a
bottom of the road dry. Then select ash
six
sho
dec
wil
ale
apt
bor
meting snow in spring of 1 ewy see
anc
alM
ad-i
on]
tra
see
View of Rhode Island macadam read, show- Jig
lag hard, smooth surface during season of tbl
melting snow In spring of 1885 A few years age
this road was so muddy as to be for weeks at
a time almost impassable From photograh. 881
the clay from the sub-soil for the road; o
this clay should be free from organic 11
matter, as far as possible, should be stc
dry and compact, ground line and 80'
should be put on in thin layers and se
rolled as hard as possible; in this re, inj
spect our common road rollers are de- I
fective in their operation; while they 80'
level and compress the surface, they do soi
not allow the air and moisture to es
cape; they fail to pack the dirt firmly ho
a and to make the road solid and hard.
I This can only be doge with a roller,
a constructed on the principle of the
c tempering wheel used in the old time
brick yards, which roller should be
made with narrow steel tires with
spaces between. A heavy roller con
structed on this plan would render the
road hard and smooth. Notice how
the bottoms of ponds are made water
tight by the trampling of hogs and cat
tie, and other animals having split w'
hoofs. This could not be done by the in
I feet of horses and ipules. Y. .v,.' .
I' a 'thes3s compress the estrface and bt
a' leave the clay undisturbed a few inches nc
elow, as does our common road roller. tli
SThe road must be kneaded, ground and be
er packed from the bottom upward in na
layers so thin that the roller pene. he
tratea to the bottom of each, expelling
all the air and moisture. To keep the if
7 surface of the road dry and hard, it T
should have crown enough to make al
the transverse grade greater than the cc
longitudinal grade which would run tl
the most of the water to the side a
ditches. If the water be permitted to sc
run down the road constantly increas- Pi
ing in volume and velocity, it will a
wash away the best of roads. St
Where the road is very steep, trans- aI
verse ridges would assist in turning P
the water to the sides. Keeping the '
roads in repair should be the duty of d
competent men, who should devote P
their whole time to it. Roads can only i
be made in warm weather and after ic
e every rain this kneading roller Thould
be applied to harden and pack them;
the summer wind and sun would evap- Ii
orate all the organic matter and
moisture, and the road would not heave
a ib the spring when the frost leaves the c
as ground; notice the soil in a hard, dry
m bank where air and moisture do not it
ed penetrate, no heaving there. 1 am in- o
clined to the belief that roads should 11
it follow the natural lay of the country, b
rather than direct lines which neces- g
sitate deep cuts. I write this not as a 1i
matured plan, but only a- a suggestion, d
aS and to call out the opinions and the re- t
_ uit of the observations of others.- s
John C. Bender, in Rural World. t
DWARF FRUIT TREES. I
WVhen Properly Grafted They fleas F ,XAt i
in Three Years.
As a rule those looking towards a
permanent orchard do not care to
plant dwarf trees whether pear or ap- c
ple, because such trees, are less perma
lth nent than standards. Some are led to
ast plant them by the taking name dwarf,
r which leads them to think there
is less room required for them. There
Sis in one way, but not in another.
SDwarfs are low branched and oceuCy
Sall the ground that their limbs over
red spread, while the standard, being
Lad trimmed up several feet. permits the
ie. use of the soil under it. The chief
SO gain in dwarfs is in the getting of the
uSt frit early. In the case of the apple,
ed- for instance, on a standard tree there
p is disappointment if fruit be looked for
under eight or ten years. On the other
hand a dwarf, when grafted on the
Paradise stock, will bear in two or
thre years. This gives one a chance
to get some fruit, while waiting for
the standards to come in. This stock
dwarfs apples so much that they can
be planted four feet apart, which
would be found to be far enough apart
for them for many years. Burers are
Sexceedingly troublesome to dwarf
trees, and agood looking after must be
given them twice a year.-Practical
t Farmer.
DAIRY SUiGESTIONS.
NEvEa buy cheap cows. People,
usually, do not want to sell good cows.
Raise your own cow.
TaH large farmer may perhaps be ex,
eased for not maintaining a good dairy.
The small farn'er cannot he thus ex
eused.
Ihoecs butter is rampant in our mar
Skets. What are the dairy meetingsdo
- nlag to prevent this unholy competition
with honest batter?
WVs see it stated that scalding hot
Swater is the best to cleanse dairy uten
ils. It is not true. Wash them with
cold water, and then apply hot water.
Tra cow that is constantly confined
will suer in health. No doigbt of it.
Shbe may give a little more milk, but
Sshe will not give milk as long as it she
had some exereise.
Evamav butte- maker who makes the
best batter iacreasesthe consumption
of butter, and that makes better prices.
Thme way to .naugarate a reform is to
Swith ortelves. - Farmers'
= Wd; ,s its be
s s rat ..iti....
tltnaldng llbedsarly in the sea- it
ilb , plent afmsnaure shoul4 be used.
say a layer st least 2* inches deep. P
Mir it thsoonrouly with about one- , e
fourth of its bulkof litter, such as for-;
eat leaves;or straw. It should be med- if
erately -aiid. evenly packed and
tramped allýoverbhe bed, so that it will C
be level and heat evenly all through.
Leqve the ;ed will covered and pro.
teeted for a few days. to see if it heats
properly.
In the meantime, select in the woods
a rich, loamy spot of ground, and burn
on it, to kill the weed -seeds, a good
sized brushheap. Mix this soil and
ashes and spread it in an even layer b
six inches deep over the bed. This soil g
should be loose and loamy, and full of a
decaying vegetable matter, so that it
willnot bake or become solid. It will
also heat more quickly, and not be.so
apt to get too hot. It is much less la
bor to burn the soil and kill the weed C
seeds than to pull the weeds afterward,
and treated in this way the bed will
always be clean. This is especially t
advisable if the bed is to be sown with
onion seeds, and the seedlings to be I
transplanted.
I sowed quite a large bed with onion
seeds last season. About half was
drilled in, and the rest was sown broad
cast,' or evenly, all over the bed and
lightly covered with clean soil I find
that by sowing the seed broadcast I
can grow many more plants on the ani
same space, and that they will be as he
good, or better, than if sown in rows. A
They are usually straighter, more benj
stocky and better rooted. One can witl
sow almost just the right amount of teri
seed and not have it too thick, as. ly. ered
ing on the surface, it is plainly visible. SI
I can see no advantage whatever in sips
sowing any kind of seed in drills if the or c'
soil has been freed from weed-seeds in skir
the manner described. If the seed, for 1
however, is to be sown on soil foul V:
coll
thoe
whi
low
for
- coal
muc
vijif i
A OONVEYIENT HOTBED. seld
I with weed-seeds, by all means sow _t xhe
in drills. so that the soil can be tiirred. Wo
,Glass is the, best.. -"" -"r "?x -'hotbed;
but if it is thought too expensive, the To
next best and. cheapest cover is very dise
thin muslin; heavy muslin, shades the all i
d bedtoo much. Of course,-the bed will Cat
a need fur;ther protection from frost and kno
heavy rqins. co
g Ihotbeds dry out quickly, especially Cut
e if the covering is raised or taken off. cpo
it The soil should be kevt quite moist, 'ys
e and when it becomes dry should re-. str
e ceive a thorough watering. Not less and
n than half a gallon of water, applied in pro
a a fine spray, should be used to every Dol
,o square foot of surface. It is a good Sen
r. plan to bank the frame on the outside Ads
U with earth, and keep the soil packed W
solid against it on the inside. This
. will make the bed snug and tight, and eon
g prevent it from drying out too rapidly. ma
e The cover should be taken off several dia
t( days before the seedings are trans
R planted in open ground, in order to tor
y harden them.-E. S. Mead. in Amer Thi
.r ican Gardening. fir
ABOLISH BLINDERS. rej
- Intelligent Horsemen Condemn Thel, les
Use JI Strong Language. tur
The best handlers of horses of all the
re classes are condemning the blinds.
.y Anything applied to obstruct the sight so
ot injures the eyes. As to the influence
a- of curbing or controlling the horse by
id hiding from. him frightful objects, the n
blind has proven more disastrous in a
generial way than beneficial. If a
a horse passes some object not fully un
n, derstood by him, and causing fright,
e- the shutting off from view of this
scarecrow by the blinds only increases
the fear-he doesn't know how soon
this frightful object may pounce upon
him. This condition of fear has
caused many a person severe injuries
by being kicked by the frightened ani
mal approached from behind his
a blindfold. The moment you lay hand
on the horse he nearly jumps out of
h- is hide, while if he could see that it
to was only the approach of a man he'd t
be perfectly reconciled. Any horse of G
ordinary sense can soon be taught not
reto scare at flags, cars, covered- ce
re wagons, umbrellas, etc., by letting a
him see them and understand them. U
SThe secret of educating ahorse to be a n
Ssafe driver is not to keep him ignorant 0
of the character of everyday objects on
e the road. Give full power of all his
e senses; let hire see, hear and smell, if
need be, to satisfy his fears -Live
Stockl Indicator.
Or The Only Raemedy.
er Stone, gravel and broad tires are all
he good, provided the road be properly
or made, but they are not remedice for
e bad roads. There is only one remedy
or forbad roads, anld that is a proper
ck draning and grading of the same.
an Water standing in ditches and ponds
ch along the roadside -"ill destroy almost
art any road, and stone and gravel dumped
are in water and mudholes on the roadbed
an is only good material wasted. A dry
be roadbottom only makes good founda
cal tion for good material. According to
Gaten Wilson, "a few hours' laboci
would keep the water courses rght"
Another writer says: "There could
sle, scarcely be found in each county at
n. least one man capable of making a
good road." Yes, but why is he not
ex. found? Pathmasters may, as a rule,
know how to plow, but not one in a
cx hundred knows how to make a good
road.
an* Beiefet of Good toeeds.
One of the best arguments for good
ion roadais contained in a calculation re
=ently published in one of the engin
hot eering papers. It states that on the
en* worst earth roads, not muddy, but
ith sandy, a horse can draw only twice as
er much as he can carry on his back; on
neda fair earth road, three and a half
it time as much; on a good macadamised
but road, nine times as much; on a smooth
she plank road, twenty-,re times as much;
3n a stone trackway, thirty-three
the times a. much, and on metal raUls,
lion 8fty-four times as much. The men
cs. who use the country roads can there
stc foree make money by improving the
ers' roads rather than by buying new
bmres every year or two.
OROYA unfersmented-, bread,. e ; ithotif
yieast, avoiding the decomn postion .produced
in the flour by yeadst or other baking powder;
peptic, palatable and most - healthful; may be
eaten warm and fresh without discomfort, which
is not true of bread made in any other way.
Can be made only with Royal Baking Powder.
Receipt for Making One Loaf.
ONE quart flour, I teaspoonful more or less according to the brand
O salt, half a teaspoonful sugar, and quality of the flour used. Do
aheapingteaspoonfulsRoyal Baking not make a stiff dough, like yeast
Powder, half medium-sized cold bread. Pour the batter into a
boiled potato, and water. Sift to- grased pan, 4%x8 inches, and 4
gether thoroughly flour, salt, sugar, inches deep. flling about half full.
and baking powder ; rub in the The loaf will rise to .fill the pan
potato; add sufficient water to mix when baked. Bake in very hot
smoothly and rapidly into a, stiff oven 45 minutes, placing paper
batter, about as soft as for pound- over first' 5 minutes baking, to pre
-cake; about a pint of water to a vent crusting too soon on top. Bake
quart of flour will be required- at once. Don't mis wWAh milks
Breadmakers using this receipt who will write us the result of
their experience will receive, free, the most practical cook book
published, containing iooo receipts for4ll kinds of cooking. Ad
dress Royal Baking Powder Co., io6 Wall Street, New York.
PRETTY FASHIONS. A
Twa small boy will be seen to best ad- pe
vantage during the coming summer in
the Fauntleroy suit. oc
A PERgpOrTLY plain skirt of heavy silk. la
bengaline or velvet may be made up m
with a front of some contrasting ma- the
terial, or with the front of the same cov-. ef
ered with.mbroidery or passementerie.
SMALL girls wear party dresses, with sp
slips of silk covered with crepe de chine gr
or chiffon. Plaitings of lace around the
skirt, over the shoulder and as a finish
for the sleeves, are a favorite trimming. be
VEnY pretty and cheap low turn-over O
collars can be made of the half of one of
those colored-bordered handkerchiefs, la'
which c;- be bought at a ridiculously uf
low price un.ce they went out of fashion on
for their original use.
aE
Now Anr then you hear of a charitable oc
coal dealer, but he is not likely to go very
much out of his weigh to be so.-Texas
Biftings. _ _
Tains is one thing about a t11"'~ .~t'ch
seldom falls, buu ,.t ylifts the occupants A
LI. he it does. That is the reut.--. Y. at
World.
18100 Reward, 8103. N
The renders of this paper will be pleased el
to learn that there is at least one dreaded
disease that science has been able to curein
all its stages and that is Catarrh. Hall's k
SCatarrh Cure is the only positive ocure now R
known to the medical fraternity. Catarrh
being a constitutional disease, requires a
i consti attional treatment. tlall's Catarrh d
Cure is taken internally, acting directly
upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the
system, thereby destroying the foundation u
o'f the disease and giving the patient
strength by building up the constitution
s and assisting natur min doing its work. The
Sproprietors have so much faith in its cura
tive powers, that they offer One Hundred
Y Dollars for any case that it fails to cure.
d Send for list of Testimonials.
e Address, F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.
d B"Sold by Druggists, 75c.
"An I" sighed Miss Figg, "if happiness
d could be insured to usl "Mine Is," re
marked Mudge, "In your company."-In
tl diauapolis Journal.
A'rraitrrrox is called to the Improved Vic
tor Incubator advertised in another column.
r The manufacturers (an old established
firm) guarantee this incubator to be simple, I
easy of operation, durable, and that the beat I
regulator used will keep the temperature
in egg chamber atincubation heat regard
It less of variations in the outside tempera
ture. The price of this hatcher is fat- lower
11 than that of any other first class incubator,
and it will pay customers to send 4 cents in
s stamps to Gen. Ertel & Co., Quincy, Ill., for
it a copy of their finely illustrated catalogue.
y Flw men who go into maple sugar man
ufacturing make an unadulterated success
of it.-Troy Press.
a .NO QUARTER
n" will do you as much
it, good as the one that
is buys Doctor Pierce's
es i PleasantPelletsa This
n is what you get with
iIn them: An absolute
as and permanent cure
e for (Constipation, In
es digestion, Bilious
Is Attacks, Sick and
is Bilious Headaches,
|d and all derangements
o0 of the liver, stomach,
it and bowels. Not
t'd just temporary relief, and then a worse
of condition afterward-but help that lasts.
ot Pleasant help, too. These sugar
d- coated little pellets are the smallest, the
eg easiest to take, and the easiest in the
m. way they act. No griping, no violence,
a no disturbance to the system, diet, or
nt occupation.
,n They come in sealed vials, which keeps
is them always fresh and reliable; a con
it venient and perfect vest-pocket remedy.
They're the cweaest pills you can buy.
We offer you a ready
svftM made medicine for
Coughs, Bronchitis, and
other diseases of the Throat and Lungs.
Like other so called Patent Medicines, it
is well advertised, and having merit it
has attained a wide sale under the name
of Piso's Cure for Consumption.
It is now a "Nostrum," though at first it was oomrandsd after a
Iresription by a regular physician, with no idea that I would ever go
do the market as a proprietary medicine. But ater ompoUnd5G thta
ription over a thousand times in One year, we nued it "h ue'
-.ureifor Consumptlon." and began advertlising it in a semall 1way. A
Sedkcnoe known all over the worldl Is the result.
Why is it not just as good as though costing fifty Dents to a dollar
for a prescriptioc and an equal sum to hsvs it put up st a dzug store?
S FARM_ EEDS
. GARDEN e , *ll" 31 ti .
' WE OFFER $50.00 FOR A AM ER OUR RME WTE EaRR UNT.
1U : a rSnea A1.D esE Oses s nnertrai 1monese.
fiaCt for a awme)ý SanrPeac henL reah e ami .
n-(tee ren i web r
n _ I ira oqn'l Ur UM
Or a p. rmeraiOw If Ii
:-., , , , ,,. co *A.-roic a r uis,- e -i
stcoa threeolsadfrra. "Peo tagi Whleapt
11 thre~fat $ost h Aeei co 5orale .oines a.i a y1E s
Swilt sirtrem. re. s i553115.A thr-ee oune p ac O [ ea&r uch of srt e misw fordth. AI
ALEXANDER DRUg AND SEED GOMPAHY, A£cu"J.CE A.
To Beleve the 'rgth
About the elioaus, in nerobstinate ases o dmati
pepsiaof Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, re
quires no strength of credalty. Ae you
troublee with indisestion Iaf so t ntr , not
occasionally, spasmodically. Take a regu
lar, persistent course. Prompt relief, ulti
mate cure will be the reslt. The eyspenp
tie, the blious, e the neonu the rheuedBoy,
the malri and kidney-trounbled attest its
eflacacy. A wTrneistsaul before meals.
HEATD Remlrk.yt-"My alrn will coSme
sputtered the rbukwheat cue on the not
griddle, "by ravY. ean
Best or A
T cleans the system in a T aents le ade tre
beneficil thmanner, when hs pringme
yup of Figs. One bottle will eswer for
ai the faCmily and oosts only. 5 cents: the
large size $1. Try it and.de pleased. Man
ufactured bythe Caiforni Fi sbyrup Co.
only.
IN the stutterer's lexicon there is no such
enimal as coond he o nerally make s l oo
oon of h rd, Yonpers 2tatesman.
SDESEarViNG CrIg marg .--Thes ht; S rn a
cle which seo atcl c er es the entire con
e Ha.l-'s1 the community as BaowN's
BRONCHIAL TnOCIas$. Those suffering irom
eAsthmatic nd Bronchial DiseaureI , ougns,
and Colds, shouldtrythem. rice 2 oents.
T. diamond is the hardest of substances
No one appreciates this fact more thanthe
engaged young man.-Ram's Sorn.
B icnA e'S PuLLSe will cure oonstations
akeepathe blood uool nd the liver ta goo
Sworking order, price 25 oents a box.
B, Te crehtest dirculatinf medium I the
Sdrummer.-Glveseton Nearlrs.
How MT THROAT HvasI--Why don't you
use Hale's Honey of Horehound and Tar I
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minut.
BileBen .
d Guaranteed to cure Bilious Attacks.lSiok
8eadache and ConstUpation. 40 In esch
t bottle Price 25. For le by druggst.
e Picture "7.17, 70" and sampleo dose tfree.
SJ. F. SMITH & CO., Propribns, LNEW YORK.
CURE.
LILLY CARRIAGE CO.,
e c sala , ges, s gM Spr0SffplgagOU
li ]e rseeMd Oviee.phs Wea
r Ely's Crown Bali.
1n
Mutual FPn: 6
Want to make a l ttle-extra moU6
to buy some of-- hose things you
want so much, and can't just well
afford them? Very likely;, ninety
per cent. of the people have that
feeling. Canvassing is hard 'ork;
that is, door-to-door canvassing;
we have none of that; we have a
method of making -re people read
Tia LaDIEs' Houz.eJQ uAL which
willt niableyou t1 n0ale that extra
money,;in a pleasant, dignified- way.
Write to tis, and we will tell you our
plan.
THa CuRTIS PUuLISHINo Co.
PHILADELPHIA
AN ASTOWNISHIlU
TONIC FOR WOMEN.
WINEOF
CARD UI
t Strengens the Weak, Quiets the Nerves,
Relieves Monthly Suffering end Cures '
FEMALE DISEASES.
TASK YOUR DRUGGIST ABOUT IT.
$1.00 PER BOTTLE.
shattanooga Med. Co., Chattanooga, Team.
WEBSTER'S
h INTERN4 AEIONA;
- f DICTIONARY
e As ouýookse etseos ottoo.
.000 expended.
A Grand Educator
Abreast of the Times
S househol and to the
nhe tourBookllrotiosowtetoyou
Pn b lplt ed by eo
Beware 1 plslt 3f ,,qsiVVV
iUT AE 71 RICM
THEY WASH THEIR CLOTHES
WITH
CLAIR
ETTE
SOAR
MADE ONLY BY
NK.AIRBANK&CO. ST.LouIs.
WAR O W. L. DOUGLAS
S3 SHOE .
9' A sewed shoe that wil not rip; Calf,
seamless, smooth inside, more ofo le,
stylish and durable than any other shoe ever
soldatthe price. er Equalacusuto
made shoes costing frm 4 to $5.
S The l lfn ar of the same hlg .aadse
adS.eO VFm Calf H8sSewe.
THE COOK HAD NOT USI:D "
• S APOLIO
' GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINES..
APOO HOULD E D IN VRY KTON.
K THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPO LO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
º. SAPOLIC SHOULD BE uSED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
to m
arsdiette
an .. ........ an a 6.
w.o, ,L I ,, E WAN1 i ,A t.
aoa nZ 86Darbo rn SL .kTom
...h....an-.
REPAI NTR. W KT i
RAI I.WEI1it. N]L) * * = W *.,a- .
D.,, WiiELLS n...
ILAE WELS SRtaN
talogue LOOMZIS NYaA, Se "6 O lo.
,for. tamp. m e• i l.
1. W ea . r l. El, ]L C.. PU
WHIEN iYrll'e To r A.e. T R P.Psn
W.POR T S ore akl. WELES. 10iW .Ts
aend TOOLSn th world. Rslln'se wontn wr
Slw lUe res. LJoo. STEPHE&NYMAno, ee , Ohio.
WANTEDY S Iee 1ees
BtE asetto e 3Dds2)enC ep t
Mor2c. Stnlu. 1m AV e., Unri.4led 8
POENWTS fO TO ADELTIS, 1WO LEsupE
Snend hat= byea efeawlrri
elate that y ti saw the rtld is thi
11106949