SMr. 1 N. esh
The Plain Facts
Are tat 1I Lave ha~d Olwr 0  0 er.. No
mtarrh oure did me anm good. but Hoods a8r.
Hood's r held e
wonder.ull. y heads
ta eleard.aenS of el re
returning. Hood'a Sar
wife a world of goon for Teat TWred Feel*
slg. GOItROT U. DIUTTaOIu, Hobble. Pa
Nood' PilIE are emoeeat and gentle. om.
COUGHS, COLDS,
-AND
INCIPIENT CONSUMPTION.
LOUISCOOK. N Iwtt t.RwA.. av.: 'It gives
ete great ,lneutsre to be ably to say that ILooeok'r
' c El EltlxIr is the beat preparatton for coutrs
and colds I ever usedt-and 1 have used a goowl
alany. I clteerfully recommenuc it."
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
PRICE BOo and $1.00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CO.,
New Orleans. La.
The Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY,
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, flromln the worst Scrofulf
down to a common Pimple,
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). Hehas now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card tor book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains. like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is c.austed by the ducts be
Ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Mead the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it wit
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get. and enouglf of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
McELREES'
WINE OF CARDUI.
'p I
For Female Diseases. i
W. L. DOUcLAS
8$3 SHOE:'o"::a:'
95. CORlDOVAN,
FRZNCHiE.A1ELLEOC.: F
40a'oFlacAL~F&loNaAj&
$ .5.POUCE, SoLrS.
tg.)2 •WORKIlN4-t
s em a e r e m oo nre b y cxrsaol u t
W. . D emlas D3.0 @UeL
Teetmw t I wil forwar to yoyr a ddIrte.s .
IeIhAr.e here gst T lsaE MnPrcs f.
81 OOLCLBRAN. - Memphis, T.ns.
Experiments in Georgia
how. t the best cotton fertilimr should contain not less than from
- 3t 4.- Actual Potash.
Any ftitres to this crop can be traced to a deficiency of Potash
in the tfertiliaers used.
We will gladly send you our pamphlets on the Use of Potash.
a1st uMt ps Ou t. oen j se o ais themesd tup i asm v as
inAuMAl p wou es w e em., a5 3U U.t.
u~m lour of th- survivors ,of Nm.
polona',reat s mymy sftil alie Jean
faeoues 1sV tier, 102; Victor s elio
and Jean Bonest. 101. 'and Joseph
owe, o10
Earesangn a Camus Mn . x says
that In "th Olysmpi. MIandeapoa, Co
lumbia and New York, we.ave toiour
pwurers that for speed beat anything
In the world.
ALUIUMUM is now used Iatead of
steel for the nails and heel plates of
the German soldiers' boots. The re
sults eapectedare quicker and better
marching, with leis fatig e to the mesa
Firuwma years after they were lost in
the disaster at Isandhwiana, in Zulu
land, the colors of the Twenty-fourth
regiment, the South Wales Borderers,
have been recovered. They came some
way into the bands of a French noble
man, who has just transferred them to
the British military attache at Paris.
CITY SIGHTS.
Orx of the conditions of membership
of a New York club is that each mem
ber must give at least one hour a week
to doing some good action.
Tim greatest theater-goers in the
world are the Italians. There are
more theaters in Italy in proportion
to the population than in any other
country.
THama may be little godliness about
Chatham square, New York, but there
seems to be the next thing to It, so
cording to the adage, for a little way
down Park row is a sign reading:
"Society for the Encouragement of
Wearing Clean Shirts."
THE NAPOLEON REVIVAL.
Why the iEmperor to the Most Pepalas
Character tI Miiatary.
Within the past year there has been
a revival of interest in the career of
Napoleon Bonaparte that is almost
phenomenal. In literature he has flg
ured in the pages of memoirs and rem
iniscences by those who came into
more and less intimate contact with
him. In art not only has he been a po
tent inspiration to modern painters
and sculptors, but he has made price
less all pictorial recordsof his time. In
the drama he poses as the most pictur
esque figure that has been brought
upon the stage within the century.
P'ersonal relies of the man are held as
sacred and beyond all price. As Paul
BIourget aptly says, "'Napoleon has
hypnotized the French people again."
In France the sting of defeat after
tihe Franco-Prussian war turned the'
thoughts of all to their period of great
est glory. and so it needed but time to
see Napnlscon enshrined as an idol. An
equally logical explanation is found
for the most niotable feature of the Na
poleon revival in this country.
7The (Cet-,trty'a life of the emperor was
projected fire or six years ago, before
anyone could have foreseen the pres
ent attitude of tile public mind. It
was undertaken solely with the idea
that Napoleon was one of the greatest,
most forceful and picturesque charac
ters in the entire range of history, and
that hitherto he had been inadequate
ly re-presented. For that reason Prof.
William M. Sloane. the greatest Amer
ican: student of IFrench history, was
coiullnissioned to write the life. and
his. years of study among unpublished
Sarcaliv..-s h;ave brought out his com
pleted llabor at the nmost opportune mo
un-ut. And Prof. Sloane shows us a
nme\" Napoleon, a devourer of books. an
unnulce~ssnl literary aspirant, an iuef
eetual Co(um-iemn political agitator. but
the new Napoleon certainly nmakes the
old Naplcon more easily compre
hended.
F:usN- 'Ar y"ou suprsti'ious' Do you
believe in signs [" Sult'etsstul Merchant
N'. n; tea'rsp.m'lr adsdcrtis-nents are better
- :unt chealper. "- lriulltrs' lnhk.
* WVORLD'S-FAIR *
SIII(GI11k t*4r A.VARID I
IrPER
1as. Just'v acquirrid the reputation of being
The f alvator for
IN I V4 X- I I o
ThT he-A ge d.
AN INCOMPARABLE ALM.'ENT for the
GiCROTu and PROT CTION oc IN FANTS and
A sui-'rior nutritive in continued Fevers,
And a reliable remedial agent
In all gastric and enteric diseases;
often in instan,.es cf consultation over
lpatients whose digestive organs were re
duced to such a low and sensitive condition
that the IMPERIAL GRANUM was
the only nourishment the stomach
would tolerate when LIFE senemed
depending on its retention :-
And as a FOOD it woulk be dit-icult to
conceive of anything more palatable.
,sold by IDRIUO ISTS. Sthilpping Depot.
JOtN CARLE & SONS. New York.
a . hi tI, a.titarr.', ntil ~
.mt is Caizscd fo r i't.--B.
CATARRH
r Bti P ORE.z'acA. _L____
Us.r nalyrtiuas. me wazn suwin. Saw ves.
THE FARMING WORLD.
GOOD DAIRY RATIONS.
ise Thant is Oaietlaetod s lacase a
Oeed loew of IMlk.
The best ration is generally the one
that induces a liberal low of milk. Jt
has not been found praotieable to take
a cow giving thin milk, and by select
ing her ration ebonge this into rioh
milk. Of course, very sueeulent food
is favorable to an increased yield.
with-a larger increase in fluids than in
solids. The way to get a herd that
will give a paying yield of rich milk is
to select cows giving rich milk and
then feed for an increased yield. Any
cow not giving milk up to the legal
standard is unfit for the herd. Use
the Babcook test and discard the skim
milk eows.
Here are some rations that have
proved satisfactory in Pennsylvania:
Forty-five pounds ensilage, 7 pdunds
hay. 6 pounds bran, 9 pounds cotton
seed meal. A Mount Pleasant dairy
man feeds this. His herd con
sists of Holsteins and Shorthorns.
yield is 7.000 pounds of milk each per
year, testing 3.08 per cent. of fat. The
ration contains about 2 pounds of pro
tein. 10.6 of carbohydrates and 0.7 fat.
nutritive ratio, 1.6.
A Meadville dairyman with a Jersey
herd makes an average of 870 pounds
butter per year. His ration is: 24
pounds corn fodder, 5.1 pounds bran,
5.1 pounds corn Ineal, 3 pounds cotton
seed meal, 2 pounds oil meal. This
contains more digestible nutrients
tihan the first ration. The nutritive
ratio is 1.7.
A dairyman at 1New Hope reports a
yearly.test of 6 per cent. from a highly
carbonaceous ration. It is: 10 pounds
hay, 5 pounds cornfodder. 6 pounds
corn meal, a pounds wheat bran. The
nutritive ratio is 1:9.8. The yield of
milk was but 8.000 pounds per cow.
Corn meal, oats and bran-equal parts
by weight-will be found an excellent
grain ration. Feed what the cow di
gests well, but not to excess It takes
an expert to make more than twelve
pounds of grain pay unless the price
of milk is high.
The effect of the ration fed by the
New Hope dairyman favors a moderate
yield of rich milk, if the cows give rich
milk. The effect of the other rations
is more favorable to a larger yield, be
cause there is more protein in them.
But protein foods are most expensive.
Many Pennyslvania and other east
ern dairymen buy, cows in the west
that were bred and raised out of doors.
They have strong constitutions. The
now owners feed them all the bran
they can possibly get them to eat and
soon use them up. then buy others. A
horse worked to his utmost will soon
break down. So will a cow. Milk
giving is work. For this reason mod
erate rations are given above. If any
dairyman wants to get the most possi
ble out of his cows,in a year or two
years, he can feed for an immense
yield and take the chances.-E. C. Ben
nett, in Orange Judd Farmer.
VALUABLE FOR COWS.
Some )Dalrynucn Prefer Alstke Clover to
All (ther Varleties.
We are asked to describe alsike
clover and to state if it is valuable for
dairy cows. We give an illustration
of this clover. It grows from one to
two feet high: the leaves are oblong
and toothed: flowers are pinkish.
This clover was first cultivated in
Sweeden. It is a valuable plant for
the bee-keeper, and is first-class fox
,
ALI.1:E C.ovzR.
cows. and when irrigation: or natural
nmoisture can be relied upon it is a
valuable plant. In the report of one
of our experiment stations it is said
that as a rule it does not reach full de
rel,pment the first year but keeps im
provi-g with age. rall rescue. tim
othy. smooth brome a,-I other strong
g.*rowing grasses are u - .'al'y sown with
this clover in mxeadot-s as its stems
are rather w-eak and it does not stand
up well when alone. In a recent cnt
versatioe with an Illinois dairyman lihe
told u that he preferred it to any
other kind of clover. -Farmer's Voice.
Mtlaking the Io Westal.
Mannulel F. de (osta, who resides si.
mnile$ south of Sacramento. Cal., on the
River·ide road, has built an ingenious
machine for irrigating his fiower
:garten and his orange and lemor
Lr-ee. It cnsists of a wooden whee!
ten feet w-ide. A dog is placed insidt
the wh~eel. vhich is turned by his
,-eight. as he gallops in treadmill
fashion. The revolution of the axle
turns a crank which operates the
handle of a pump set in a dug well.
After half an hour's exercise the dog is
taken out and a fresh dog put in for
another half hour. Thie dogs seem to
enj~oy the work. for they bark and wag
their tails when they are brought to
the wheel. They know that it means
something good to eat at the end of
the half hour's work.
wnter Butier-Da~r lryn.
Winter butter-dairying is gro'sing.
The silo has solved the question ofi
cheap succulent food for this purpose.
SRolled or ground wheat and bran sup
plements silage and makes a fine win
ter feed. Many butter-makers are
realizinpg that by making the bulk of
their butter in winter they average a i
larger quantity, a better price and a
higher profit, besides a more even dis
trbuption of 'labo~r. For the batter
tuaker who does not have ice in sum
I mer there are the following additional
advantages: it( The opportunity of
Sobtaining riam with less bad flvors.
whlchl may be transferred to the but
ter- ~'1 A solid.  I.l-gramed arti
dcl. rmsiltiag frosm the eQe9ap ~~PU
'ept cool wheb .bsru4.
FASHION PADS.
rUT-AWAY jiakets of veveet are muelh
liked by young girls.
StmbVuLuse jackets of various mate
rials with passementerie edgings am
popular.
A saase of cloth with a narrow moire
mnel down the front is among the new
Morm are somewhat larger than
heretofore. Many muffs will be used
during the coming winter without
other furs.
CA)PS of moire are trimmed with kur
collars and lined with bright silk. One
of the handsomest of these garments
was recently made to order and lined
with very stiff brocade.
Emanwx, from becoming popular, has
become a fad, and every woman who
has money to buy it wants ermine in
somb form or another. The only diffi
culty is its scarcity and extravagantly
high price. Ieally fine ermine is al
most impossible to obtain, and the most
fabulous prices are paid for it.-N. Y.
Ledger.
Tarn first book to have its leaves num
bered was "Esop's Fables," printed by
Caxton in 1484.
Wen Can't Eat Wrought Iron lalls,.
Of course, and expect to digest them, but
you can eat ordinary food that is whole
some and digest it, too, after your stomach,
if enfeebled has been strengthened by a
course of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
Your kidneys, liver and bowels will be
rendered active and vigorous by the great
tonic, and your system fortified against
malaria and rheumatism. Use it, also.if
you are nervous and sleepless.
AN Insult.-Miss Bean (of Boston, visit
ing in Chicago)-"Mamma, that Mr. Pork
ingham insulted me last night, and I shall
never speak to him again." Mamma
"How, may childt" Miss 1B.-"Ho asked me
if we were from New York."-Dctroitrec
Press.
In Olden Ttmes
People overlooked the importance of per
matently beneficial effects and were satis
fied with transient action, but now that it
is generally known that Syrup of Figs will
permanently cure habitual constipation,
well-informed people will not buy other lax
ativos, which act for a time, but finally in
jure the system.
EomTn-"Mv dear child it's no use argu
ing with Mr. Remsen.  ou can never con
vinco him." Alice-"I am sure of that,
dear. Vhy,' do you know, in a discussion
we had the other night, he actually rea
soned."-Harlem Life.
Across, Vocalists, Public Speakers praise
Hale's Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothnche Drops Cure in one minute.
Miss Dn Fssaio. (a few years hencet
"You are wanted at the telephone." Mr s.
Do FPashion-"Oh, dear! I Isresume it's
Mrs. Do Style, to return my telephone call.
I hope she won't talk long."-N. Y. Weekly.
No Opi(.n in Piso's Cure for Consumption.
Cures where other remedies fail. "sc.
GAziNo AT ThE GncArrs-"[e*C-, Chimmy,
how's dat for a t'roat ter holler extrys
widt"-Life.
RsCEirrs for making restaurant chicken
salad should begin: "First ench your
calf."-Texas Siltings.
"Ostr. think," said one Parisian to an
other, as pictured in L'Islustration, "ouly
think. if Jeanne d'Aro had not lived we
should io Englishmen!" "That i. true,"
repliec the other; "'but, then, it would have
been we who won the battle of Waterloo."
WuAr fruit is the most visionary. The
apple of the eye.
Tnr difference between a wise man and
ant enthusiast is. one drives with reins and
the other without.
Snc - "You've been drinking, you
wrotcrh'" lie (reproachfully)-" M' dear,
why don't you let bygonesh be bygonesh.
I'm not (hic) drinking now, 'm I ("'-Puck.
'"How i1o YoUr pronounce this word,
g-e--f. Mr. Hicks!" "I don't really know,
Miss Wilkins. Somso ptople call it golf. to
rhyme with dolph: somne gaff. to rhyme
with stuff: and a 13ostou girl I know called
it arob in a little verse she wrote to rhyme
with laugh."-Harper's Bazar.
TnrtE is more '"1" than "deal" about
some people who are continually speaking
of their ideals.
W aire never titiin_ to admit there is in"
sanity in our fnmri:y intil same P m l:br of
it makes a will that doesn't suit us.-Tit
Bits.
"I AM aware, do-..tr, that the 't mn:ach is
a delicate organ." Teeto:::;1 )o.tor--"Then
why do you treat it as if it were a barrel
orrgan 1"
•"f*AvE you done :i::ythling for thle somial
freedom of weomanat" :iied the lady with
"eycghlasses. "No' m." sa:id the judge who
sat in divorce cases anud Was it crni': "'but
i ve done a heap for the emancilmation of
man ."-Chicago 'Record .
Socri.L unrest .n :the part of t1e poor. is
partially the result of too munch rest on t2he
part of the rich.
"A-ND so you m::nrri-.i in loste. 'ell!. c'O'i
you repent at lei.;:ro! ..'" iHarihl'. I have
not had as licsure Eilclstmit since the ccre
mony."- -'Truth.
98%
of all cases of cotsumption can. if taken in
the earlier stages of the disease, be cured.
This may seem iike a bold assertion to
alose fae'iliar only with the means gener
ally in use for its treatmlnt : as. nasty cod
liver oil and its fiithy remulsions. extract
of malt, wvhiskey. ditTeren:t preparatiosis of
hypophoshites and such like paliries:-.
Although by many believed to be in:cura
ble. there is the evidence of hundreds of
living witnessces to the fact that, in all its
earlier stages, consumption is a curable
disease. Not ev-er- case. but a Izz'ag f'.r
cenlaqge of cases. and d-e Lbelieve, fi"'r o
jsrr '~v. are cured by Dr. Pierce's Golden
MLedical Discovery, even sieor the disease
has progressed so far as to induce repeated
bleedings from the lungs. severe lingering
cough with copious expectoration (includ
ing tubercular matter). great loss of flesh
Sand extreme emaciation and weakness.
I Do yon doubt that hundreds of such cases
reported to us as cured by ' Golden M.ed
ical Discoverr " were genuine cases of that
dread and fatal disease ? You nieed not take
our word for it. They have. in nearly eve-ry
instance, been so pronounced by the best
and most experienced home hbysicians.
Swho have no interest whatever in mis
representing them, and who were often
strongly prejudiced and .advisled against
a trial of "'Golden Medical Discovery,'"
I' but who have been forced to confess tisat
Sit surpasses, in curativre power over this
fatal malady, all other mnledicines with
which they are acquainted. Nasty cod
liver oil and its filthy "emulsions" and
mixtures, had been tried in nearly all these
cases and had either utterly failed to bene
Sfit. or had only seemed to benefit a little for
Sa short time. Entract of malt. whiskey.
Sand various preparations of the hpophos
phites had also been faithfully triei in. v-ain.
The photographs of a large number of
those uenred of consumption, bronchitis.
f lingering conghs. asthik chronic nasal
catarrh and kindred maladies, have been
skillfully reproduced in a book of I6o
pages which will be mailed to yoss, on re
Sceipt of address and six cents in stamps.
SYost a thn write terie hose cured aid learn
their experience.
Addzesa for Book. Voxt.n's DrsrE.sAaY
3t of an iLeav6enin PdY .I1-Lates U. ov't keput
Aa ýOWWELW OWNS
"Wnuw did I give you that _promise!"
"'On one of the Rasttwo ay.ý of February."
"That shows what a fraud you are. Febru
ary hasn't got the last two days."-Flie.
gende Blaotter.
MAIDx or BuLursnio PeFriax - "You
have changed a great deal of late, aCharlie."
"!!e.v Youtb"To my own advantagm, e, I
hope." Maiden-"Certainly to your own
advantage. Formrly you brouagh me a
box o candy every day.,-Truth.
TIn truth we hate the most is the truth
that hits us the hardost.- tamn's Horn.
The Key - to Success
)in washing and
cleaning is Pearl
mne. By doing
away with the
co rubbing, it opens the way to
easy work; with Pea rlie, a
weekly wash can be done by a
Q weakly woman. It shuts out
possible harm and danger ; all
things washed with Pearline
/ last longer than if washed with
soap. Everything is done better
with it. These form but a small
part of the -Why women use millions upon millions
of packages of Pearline every year. Let Pearline do
its best and there is no fear of " dirt doing its worst."
Turn On the peddlers and grocers vwho tell you " this is as good as" o
the 1Key "·the same as" Pearlire. IT'S FALSE; besides. Pearline it
the K ever peddled. 136 JAMES PYLE. New York.
THEY LOOK
SPICK AND 5PAN HEfW"
Clothes
When Washed With
GLAIRETTE SOAR
SOLD EVERYWHERU
'E THE N.K.FAIRBANK GOMPANY. ST.Lotus.
The Best Roofing
,/ "' , i, / SAMPLES ,-r ots..d .-nd w.,::
Ieoout, h Bar. H eehose-,s.
.nm L Oreensboe Hotbeds, Haystacks.
SAND FULL Waon Cowvers. etc.
S PAJITICULAS . eot very muich ess them
.shia/as and wear for years. They
r" I FREE. ar absolutely Waree..of. Frost
/ . waN f ... d Reope Roo .
.i ' /, F. W. BIRD & SON,
- . is, uýi'LLOOK MI LITTLE GIRL
East Waltpole, ON ALL GENUIME "NEPONSET."
NEPONSET WATERPROOFICS
NEPONSTAR
PIU MORPHINE, WHISKY
AND TOBACCO HABITS CURED.
For book of particulars as to HOlMlE AND IN
STITUTE TBEATMRNT, terms, etc., address
MEEPEIS KEELET INSTITuTE, No. 475 Poplar Street. or Lock Box No. 1,000, S]iPwIS, TENJ,
W'ALL COEHESPONDENIC STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL. PLAIN ENVELOPES USED.,
Special Sale of Pianos and Organs.
We a now located in our new buildg. ith coimplete lstock of newppamonc
and omans, psetrenltltsleted from factories of "STINWAY'," CflC.
ERIMOL"'Os'" S ." VOcsEt i ONS."T" STAR,"i"' '1K ASON -
UAMILIN'.-" 'PACRARD". E1tc.. Etc Wt offer mnutacturerta' price:
Sto all buYersduringiovember and December. New Upright Pllano In Rose
wood. Mah ogany "or Walnut Cees tSrO and upwards. New Organs Rolfe
Walnut or Ota Cates R&D and upwards. No adrane In prices for e·as pa
ien . All shteet muntle aid smalll Instruments at cut prices. Il wrlting creeil
Catlogne desired: 'I) Pianos: (21 Parlor organs: (31 ChalI orean" (4) "hee
music and books; (15inmall mnsical Insltrualent. 0. S UC*>! at .Cm.
lest Oacm EUa BS. - - - - EMPIIS. TU1KN,
$1.75 a Year.
YOVf4 -PY6 Comes Every Week.
For all the Family.
COPANION -
The Volume for 1895 promises special attractions to its readers. Full Prospectus, announcing
Authors and Articles engaged for the next year, with Samplc Clb)pics, sent Frec
Popular Articles.
Queen Victoria as a Mother, Describing the Royal ousehotl. br Lady Jeune.
What Can he Done for Consumptives, Br a Pupil of )r. K och, Dr. Harold Ernst.
Charles Dckeas as His Cididen Knew Hinm,. Reminiscences br- His Son and Namesake.
Tipe Story of My First Voyage, By the Famous 11riter of Sea Stories. 11. Clark Russell.
A Visit to Korean Cloisters, Experiencesin this Interesting Countr,. The tHon. George Curson, M.P.
How UnL'e Sam Cos the Tartff, A Description of the i ork of the Custoa-House. by Geo. J. Mouson,
And mary others of Squal Value and Interest.
Favorite Features for 1895.
eit Seeri 4 rimeris l0 s hJ m.. IAr AdAMntte Str. Opportuanits f O .
w ei at- Aa. bles. Imt' <ttrUls, T1. Best IItestratmns, eratour Clltres 's
MoAe thau wa. Temasatd Artes t .Iiscellar., Asacd~l., Hamor. Adratmt. Scalr .
Do.uble Htaday Nmrbers at Thaahsgivin*g Christmas. XNew lear's and liaster. Free to lach Subscriber .
TH-uIS FREE TO JANUARY 1. 1895. VVITHi
Ara . It wll eat YthlinllQn vOnaMn1 It 1t IMane
_. -. .. ,- ý ..-ý?_ .,
Ha-"WfIl you be my wife some time this
yeart" Sho-"I wil. But I can't answe
for any time later tban that."-Detroit
Free Press.
T best cough medicine is Piso's Cure
for Consumption. Sold everywhere. 90.
LovI slways weeps when it has to whip.
-Ram's Horn.
al'.s Catarrh Care
Is a Constitutional Cure. Price 75.
Lova never bestows a burden that is
heavy.-Ramn's Horn.
way toyjam4
The
General !
First -Consul
Emperor!
AJaifethatreadslikea Romance
Napoleon's School Days -His
Early- Vicissitudes - Military
Training -The Reign of Ter
ror-Josephine- Marriage and
Divorce - Maria Teresa - His
Egyptian Campaign-The Battle
of the Pyramids - Marengo -
Austerlitz - Jena - Wagram -
The Invasion of Russia-The
Burning of Moscow-The Re
treat - Elba - The Hundred
Days -Waterloo-Exile-Death.
No matter how much you
have read of Napoleon this
New Life by Prof. Sloane of
Princeton will interest you..
Here is the concentration of
all the lives and memoirs,
magnificently illustrated, ac
curate in every particular,
absorbing in interests The
latest and best biography of
"the man of destiny."
Now beginning in the
CENTURY
MAGAZINE.
For sale by all newsdealers and
booksellers. Price 35 cents. A year's
subscription, $4.oo.
THE CENTURY CO.
Publishers : Union Sq.: New York.
You want an Organ. Of course
You want the BEST. The
MASON & HAMLIN has woa
HIGHEST
HONORS
At Alr Important
World's Fairs since
that of Paris, i86;, in
cludingChicago. 893,
and is absolutely
UNRIVALLED.
7 W If your local
dealer does not sell
our WPlamis and
" 1 + rc Organs, ie wilt
send on approrst
direct from factory,
to responsible par
ties, at our expense.
Nsew styi.u Write forparticulars.
New Styles at Popular Pricoe Just out.
Sold on-ur Easy Pament Plan or temind
aoaroa, sEW xoK, crc:AGO . KA.SC carT.
A. N. K., F. 1527
WiEXN WnITIMTS TO A)VERTISEeRS pLEASE
state tlht is saw the Advripemae t th.
'eSe.o~u u ametPa rBnc