I a
r .
ou. the uose of 4"
ty"o.-Analos Ver`O,-ar Dfoie
staa v
s Wan awuan lot of enastle.a
ofe.dhorse prng soetbiagets. -
-is Pletaure
_o of order, and i su"ered tor"
psor is I tried siever re in
w outof it." tetan
_a S. arszaparilla"Do
As Oe loo iri" aspe-rating 1
rins, IIvern.ot er
Because she rways advances with
` ,u ;is aga awful lot of enthusLasm
ot ead-hmrse projects.h
i·~jirh  e . ·te 'ootk
with bloodor skin di eases.s My
. outorerr r rr rre Good Work.
:. h n:f..
gho.d hhealth andee nt e ion
a.,-As a blood purifer I think 1
a Sarsaparila has no equal" Cu"s.
CI 's Pills a harmonioslywirith
Like Aunt Jemim%'s
- (he "' .)re it ti6l_-s the
t ,-t1~ DeLONO i
~Bye- .,--Don't Scold
: the Cook,
' ea ` a=. Y ays a poor Steve
_-1 CHARTER OAK,
Per they an he relied
anon to do
55.ee Peo Psi, fly.
the food for all such.
;:How many pale folk
there are ! People who
have the will, but no power
" ..to bring out their vitality;
people who swing like
a pendulum between
strength and weakness
so that one day's work
causes six days' sickness!
People who have no life
thin people, nerveless, delicate!
fril such -men, women, or children is Scorr's
aI*Jp phospliftes combined with the oil
,give the blood new life, improve
i ona. The sign of new life will.
Iwhi i brings with it strength,
~1·~^~-;;·1Il
b astbe '` ,
a tangled wilder i
; itune still runs riot, as she has f i
;t; rt -tthese mark the c safth'"
.Catfsugue. 'The Indian namieIR lb. i
' lfhe>ýL-si ealy expressive, ai i -tlea
Ses dayp.when only re: trmes occupied
f tshkl- . There. are stil Indians
f along It, and the reservation taaiedder i
t .contains most of the f i remaining
. meimbers of the Seneca trSae, once the
. pssesso or all the region from Lake
Erie to and beyond the Genesee.
t iThe reservatlon begins near the .vii
a lags of Gowands, and just above thee,
• shut in by high hills, Is the-wildest and
most inaccessible spotiin the whole re
| gl.on, the valley of Zoar. flow or tfte
-' whom the place received its iblical
n.mess., or what is the rtmes blance be
'tieen this secluded spot and the aity
w hich, in the Old Testament story, fig
ares along with SOdom and Gomorrah,
-are matters which not even the oldest
a inbabitiiat is able to explain. Here
among the hills, where strange faces
t are rarely seen, is concealed a remarks
g ble example of nature's occasional va
garles and the strange persistence of
abnormalities throughheredity.Amiong
the few residents of Zoar there are sev
eral families of claw-fingered persons.
They are not wild or hair-covered, at
least not more so than most of the folk
among the Cattaraugus, but nearly all
of" them have a curious deformity of
n the fingers and toes which gives them
their name. They have lived here many
years, and, although their neighbors
are still inclined to look upon them
somewhat askance, they are no longer
regarded as especially wonderful, and
one might travel through the valley a
dozen times without once hearing .a
word about its strange inhabitants.
In driving through the valley recent
ly the writer came across an old farmer
loading hemlock bark by the road
side, and inquired for the claw-fingered
residents.
"That Robbins tribe?" was the reply.
"Yes, I've knowed some of 'em for nigh
on forty years, 'cause I was raised right
here. Yes, their hands is like claws.
Some of 'em. It's a mighty cur'us
thing, but 'tain't nuthin' much to look
at. Why, folks come all the way from
ti Buffalo (between 30 and 40 miles)
Y to look at 'em, an' you'd think by the
ir way they go on about it that they was
1 goin' to a circus."
The old man shook his head at the
unaccountable curiosity of the Buffalo
visitors, and turned again to his work;
r- Although the residents of Zoar usual
2t ly refer to their strange neighbors as a
Lk tribe, they use the word only as it is
s. frequently employed in rural distriuts
in speaking of any large family. They
t are by no means looked upon as a sep
- arate order of beings. Still there is a
strong social predjudice against them.
Although this prejudice has not been
sufficient to prevent marriages with
other families in the neighborhood, it
has discouraged such marriages. The
consequerce is that there has been
much i.oermnarrying in the family, and
this may have something to do with the
perpetuation of their deformity.
As well as can be learned, the peculiar
digital formation of the claw-fingered
folks has existed in Zoar through four
generations. In the early part of the
century a-mian' fBmaed Robbins settled
in Zoar. He was reihazkable becaUSe
his fingers and toes wered's bent that
they resembled claws somewhat n more
than they did human digits. In other
respects there was nothing particularly
striking about his appearance. Ilis
strange, claw-like hands and toes be'
came objects of considerable curiosity,
but it does not appear that Robbins
ever explained the origin of his de
formity. Of course after it reappeared
in his descendants it became the gen
eral opinion that Rlobblis himself in
herited it. Others believe that he was
the founder of the claw-fingered family,
and that he settled in this remote spot
because of his disfigurement.-N. Y
Sun.
Severe arot oa Ciirtplo t Ies
Amnong floweres the lily y eehls to be
the most severe test of woman's loveli
ness. In reality, it is too stiff, too un
yielding, to be quite suitable for tuck
ing ato the belt or for wearing in the
corsage. B3ut the form usually chosen
for the lily as a personal decoration is
to be seen in pictures, where fair young
persons hold sprays of them. The ac
3:nowledged beauty and the actress are
peculiarly prone to this bit of posing.
And the effect is usually unsatisfying.
e Posslbly the cause lies in the formality
of this flower; in the fact that it is not
a adaptable, and is stiff and uncompro
mising. But there is, perhaps, a deeper
reason. The lily has come to symbolize
for us the spiritual, and though this is
ke but a convention, it yet influences us,
Sas if it were really a belief. From this
m. arises the effect of unsuitability felt
when the stately white sprays are used
for personal adornment. It seems too
ftrivolous a treatment of them, and,
- moreover, few are the faces in which
IS spirituality is so predominant that the
Z lily seems to belong to them.--Chicago
r., Cherrncle.
s t.p is oelit` ithlae nes. If, when . A
tubr is ue teat cthe utplae PYrtally
teals ovet nmd becomes dry therop as
Is usually ready it be harvested. to
1hut if thie cut place torsns reeish i
black the crop is nit redy to be hat- or
vestedo. a
,-re rstinUweet gotitoe5. ~khatate We o
diferen rett wtys at tttiig rid of them. a
One it to grane them of, and the other d
is to cut them off. le have usert a i
Ssharp rolling cutter on th beam of a 1l
d turning plow juast in front of the plow Ia
Spoint suneessfully,. This rolling cut- W
e tr tthe vines o ech side of the u at
row while sone dirt waslthrown away w
b -aom the row at the same time. The inn
i third time the turning plow was run st
Sin thse center of the rows and the poe ft
a tatoes thrown out. Tle tatlses wete 1s
- then gathered and sacked. o Cret.smtf T
be taken not to bruise thilma s the adft a
i rot is apt to start at all braised Paeesa
g All bruised. tulbet gshould ha btrted- hi
- otlt and fed at thee beforo storinTg. i
t. We hare tried Fositite, pordeaux mix- da
t lure, lime and sand keeping sweet is
k potatoes, but neither one proved ki
l eofectual in preventing the cU
, spread of black rot. Ve ,have c
Sobtained good results by letting the a'
tubers remain in tihe ground where o e
Sthey grew unti wanted. By throwing 9
dirt over the rows with a turning plow bb
it will prevent them from freelinst in 51
this cllmate. Further worZ, whieh is a
now in progress, is necessary in this
line before posititve teCeunitntendations
can be gdtet as to the best method to cl
Sprevent injury by black rot. If the
potatoes are to be stored away they
must be dried first, and those which
Sdecay from soft rot must be taken out al
frequently. In about two weeks after
digging they will be dry and the soft
n rot will stop. The potato house we
b have used in keeping pttatos. bdithl i
it sweet and IPish, It shown in a bulletin
now iit press. It consists of two outer
l5 walls with a dead-air space .between.
k Also two doors, a double floor and a
n ventilator. The ventilator may be
u) opened and closed at will.
me During warm days in the
as fall the doors are left open
for further ventilation. Inside
fo are upright p'eces which project from
la the floor to the ceiling. Strips reach
from these across to tie wallst ont
. these planks are laid legth wise, which
a are nailed also against the sides of the
is pasts thus forming long Loles. The
ts potatoes are stored in these and dry
road sand mixed with them. Mice can
not go through dry sand. Potatoes
kept well in this house last winter
Swhen the temperature went down as
low as 7 degrees Fae., and not one per i
fh cent was injured by treenting.
Tlise sand must be tihaged every year d
hfor- sweet pto toes, because it is very
, Apt th O contain spores of diseases which
d will infect the next crop. Where we
re did not change the sand nearly all the
crop was lost from black rot. The po
tatoes that have Iept best are brayeil
Siran, Bronse, Canal, Sheangini and
SSouthern Queen. The purple skin va
Ur rieties have resisted tie diseases best
-Texas E perlaIent Station Bulletin.
se FATTENING HOGS.
at There Are Preeltable asund UnproStahle
t c ways or DtInir It.
er One thoietaitd bttahels6 at n st hould
n makte O1,ooO poundr of p~stfr whiwlh di=
is vided nmongt Id hogs, would give 143
i ~nounds per head. This would be a
:y, fair allowance of clear fat to the head;
he provided clover wnlad iii ke the
.frfane~ Beti, to an equal weight, giving t
ed ~0 pounds as the gross weight of tIhe
fl hog at selling time. On the system of t
n- ifttening on old corn for the early c
as market, this would be a fair weight r
y, for a spring pig to attain, and thi
ot owner would have no reason to
Y complain if it did riot reach
e O potind. Allowing 10 1ntiids
of ponk to thua bushel of corn in tihe
gbYra estimate does not reserve any i
for winter feeding, etc., but against
this should be counted the undoubted
n- fact that hogs running on clover all 1
k- summer, and finished off on old corn
he for a monthn or six weeks, will lay on 1
en over ten pounds of pork to the bushel. I
is Twelve or thirteen pounds would be i
Yg nearer tihe mart 1
c- Pigs dropped in March o April 1
re should reeelve liberal feeds of siops for 1
g. at least three bnonths, of which the
g. basis must be cow's milk. If this is
ty lacking, many will die of dis
ot ease before green feed comes,
o- and the remainder can never be
er forced along fast enough to at
ze tain a weight of two hundred and fifty
is pounds in early fall. To winter hogs
a, chliefly on corn is not only very diffB-i
dl cult on account of the tendency to dis
t ease on this constipating feed, but it
e is scarcely profitable.
o Under most favorable circumnstances
d, it is very dilficult to make a spring I
nh pig weigh two hundred and fifty
he pounds for the early fall market I
am so well satisfied of the profit in a
o bunch of good shotes, summered on
- clover and finished off with old corn,
that I do not hesitate to advise the
wintering of most or all of them.
I should emphatically advise against
keeping hogs eighteen months. A year
is enough at the outside. The amount
) of corn it will require will depend
Sgreatly on circumstances. If they are
kept eighteen months and wintered
entirely on corn it will take fifty-five
Sor sixty bushels per head, and the
Sowner will realize no profit from the
operation, or extremely little.
- I have had forty hogs, about ten or
eleven months old, make a very rapid
gain on four bushels of old soaked corn
per d sy, whil (running on the clove
Swhere they had been through the sum
mer.
If not turned qn it until nearly in
Sblossom, seventy hogs ought to do well
Sfor the summer on fourteen heres of
Roodred or white clover. But a good
deal would depend on the season, on
Sthe strength of the land, etc. If the
Summer set in dry ind hot. the hogs I
might, soon grame th- amount of
clover eleps to the grouid.pd itdwopld
not start raheta it *oltmnn .auliontac
sansti i theoet d keepthemg
S out ;ir hlpower with l .'
.. ., but tt ta ought
hi ilalulb tisFiOa etwice during the sea
ioU, provide4.tiat rain fell only at I
a night so that emery day might cont, ass.
a And then' h,' wanted at leist halt a
y mile of externat domain on every side lot
p as a precaution against intruders, and 'Nt
L. to gram his . mtles on. The result of
h th.is sort of ifarming was enormonus
crops 1 -weedios, and wortgaCgesa and A
OtbhU ttfhS Iiedonteieitt t -iit di
"'I .eT af,' os these ~o.ii-mln fi
t ead biitng still ckling the ea.,t,
i. an, declaring that farming is only the
a drudgery,:and that there is no profit God
a in it. -Time, however, is ridding the
a landscaie o. these so-called farmers,
w and the hillocks in the graveyards tell A
L- what came of theiarmers. Those that "
e are left behind sae in the beaten path- blee
y way to the same goal. Thus nature,
Le in her own good time, removes ;the
n stumbling bloce-s and elears the walT
for tfarmers tweho farmd, aid -after iha
*e awhile this Will be the oily solit let:L
It This is the sort the World *ants sad.
ft Will have by getting rid atf al otheti T
s by tiattiral means. For a farmer who
d- himself holds the plow., tfty acres is
I. more than he needs. If he has chil- H
r- dren this fifty acres can be .divided up
,t into farms for his children, for be it I nn
d known that a sanglq working farmer
e can make more profit from twenty-five g
eoi
'c acres than fifty, and more from twelve hC
,e and a half than twenty-five.- What he crop
e really needs, and all lie needs, is the blal
g quality of land which he can give the .r
i highest culture, and to which he can ate
ta apply all the skill and s8ience at his hon
is _ontinatdi -l?'at*t and nch. o.
s e. inome airy Dents.
Is Don't think scrub siresa can produce A
0 choice stock for any purpose. I i
S Don't keep calves in dark, filthy =T
 places and expect them to thrive. SOl
Don't be afraid to spend money for a
sire from a first-class family.
Er Don't make your cows drink water oth
ft that yot could not drink yourselt. mu
F ofi't feed a calf grain before its age I
is sufficient so it chews a end. dims
'n Don't try to be called a large dairy- mc
man by the number of cows you keep. *t
Don't keep a cow a month without
a testing her to see if she pays her way.
Don't think that strainers or sepa
raters can take soluble filth out of
1e nilk.
'n Don't run or worry cows going to
and from the pasture or in the milking
a yard or stable.
Don't thint to raise'acall for a mitch
cow and feed it up to Its time of partu
rition for a beef animal.
e Don't have Pastures so short that
e cows must work every hour of the day
ry and night to get enough to eat.
in Don't forget that, a cow is decidedly
5s a creature of hab't, and in all ways
er try to conform to her peculiar habits.
am Don't feel that your cows are wasb
ing time if they. lie in the shade and
chew their cud Zor a few hours each
day.
ry Don't -forget to sow plenty of oats
and peas or corn for green feeding to
e when the annual shrinkage is sure to ri
come. ;
o- Don't leave cows with cracked or
ia sore teats day tater day and theft beat a
them becauise they kick while being
a- milked.-Western Plowman.
n .. -ahe k'uture of Prlces. r
Te packing season has opened, ani
judging from the conditions relating in
h, to the pork market it would seem that at
ptines are at the bottom. The aholers hI
h1 is dte*rattng herds over a great en. at
i teft of tert:itory; and from the infected di
r43 region evcVy thing markletable is being at
a sent out and ho attbinpt lfiade to lbtild
td; up feduced herds. This can not but be fl
he followed by a shortage of hogs six and P'
rg twelve months hence in many of the me
lie best producing regions. According to er
of the government figures the shortage ev
*ly of hogs is considerably aside from the
ht ravages of cholera, and the hurried
he marketing of immature animals, which a
to will cut the pork yield down consider t
ch ably, It appears to us that an era of
ds loW prices for corn and high prices for a
he hogs is one of the sure things in the
ny near future. The breeders can find
ist little immediate satisfraction in this,
ed but their turn is coming. While the
all people in the regions of infection will
an not buy at present, they will be ready
on buyers just as soon as disease disap
el. pear and prices begin to advance. In
be the meantime the owner of good
breeders can console himself with the
n1 thought that those hei hats to keep
ror longer than he would like will be fed
he on cheap corn. -WVestern Swineherd.
HERE AND THERE.
es, -It is claimed that if rye is fed too
be long to hogs it causes itching of the
at. skin.
ty -I-tf a calf Is only half fed when it is
Syoung, it will never be the most profit
is- able animal to keep.
it -14ortunate is the farmer who is
forehanded and foresighted enough to
es keep a crib of old corn and a field of
g red and white elover to feed a bunch
ty of hogs ot for the early fall market.
- -It is said that if two blankets are
ua put on a wet horse, the moisture will
on soon collect in the outer one, which
rn, may be removed, leaving the horse
he dry.
-Corn on cob, well ground with halt
at the bulk of oats and mixed with hay,
ar is highly recommended as ration for
lit horses. The German cavalry have or
d dared such supplies. 3
- -Increased attention is being given
e by the farmers of this country to
.e dairying, espeelally to butter dairy
he ing. We think tlhis is a move in the
right direction, azid if intelligntly pur
sued will result in the greater proe
Sperity of the farming class.
-rn -The annual loss to productive in
y dustries in the United States caused by
I. insects is estimated at $150,60,000.
Here is s fair battle between man and
in another sort of earth occupiers. They
Sare smaller, but if they can whip us
of they have andonbtedly as good a right
od to the world as we have.
on -The more we study the subject the
nbe more are we convinced that farmers
gs can not Sftord to keep any of their
of 1nu4 in pastnures, espeei~odly in tle older
ald sections of . e ount~ry, where the
i alaeslf Ia a i 'rom half a hundred
-~ e~oE-4tf -
-ý. , ý .ý,
·. :I
'ý z ýý _
Sbid ins ;ttie wll-khwn oti
don t wadt to plat in Touryard."-Yonk
emratatesman.
Kuass-. Dobbs doassan look uie s
ioftyas he did dng the walr."
-"No; he. went into lulm ouy as a ...i.e.
la ond whom mannot propolme .'-Lo.f
anuw n serious)-1bo' you b
the truth f the sayings 'Man pro oses;belos. d
Gzod diles.oso"' Sb. (arhl y}-"itd.
sends uupon b whom man proposes to.
A coax of mar-A postman's uniform
t tliO. mofmmory." loctor
E-,lU-" -( ' - emofoses of this Pa
'ame Ial ys i8itniiý myfed iii idreac& "
s very mlitt "ae e,s ete heaain
easion ors-Texas Siftings.
SHa Baca-"ScarM d a dozen people into
at. vyeterda." Coster--hush-,'Howl"
fHalt 's e--,,e my wheel home dressed
In my football suit "-Chiloge Reoord.
SCioo-. of Recruits.--Semnt--"Min,
how can you write populace . wth three pai
Cross one out." RLcart-"Whioh p shat I
lrosa out, Mr. SergeantP'-B-rln6r Tags
blstt.
"Wmtm e do go into otlit as," said Miss
StorInigi 'ore shal Insist on having an
hoends t eonand a feail' omnt.",
"Wouldn't a fair duke do liust as well, sit
inapirod her younger broter.-hlcts
Tribnne.
Hmas Tne z-"pAre's you afraid to stay
Ip your house alone, your husband helin
away so muchi" rs. Dacks-"O, not at
all The poiceman on this beat is egage d
to my cook"-Truth.
"Now r:El we are married,' Nottie, we
wilt have no further secrets from each
oteto" Thea tell zhereilfy, eong r houl
much did you pay foe' tCihe ti ag "Juer
r.Other Words.-"What is your favornit
dissipation '" "SIrt" "Beg par.on I
mean of what sin are you fiss tolhernt is
*tberst l"' -=oCk.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life mlre, with
lees expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and ples
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative effectually cleansing the system,
dlspe ng colds, headaches and fevers
and perimanent ly curing constipation.
Ift lhnt Sefi satisfasction to millions and
met with the apptutol of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
eninmg them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs in for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and l bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
aend being well inoorned, you will not
accept any substitute if oI ed
! . sOmp xa in r b.- a ewS .t1.. b ...t0 7 mu ror to.e tlba .rIt ym-"
More than two hundred of the most famous writers in Great Britain and America have contributed
expressly for The Companion for 1896-the 7oth year of its publication.
For all mombeo of the f,iy, ora youngest Distinguished
to the oldest, findes in each issue amusement
the F il and education in the Serial and Short stories, Contributors.
S In its Editorials, Anecdotes, Health and Mia
oe u Articles. The Princess Louise.
oellaneous Artices.
The Marquis of Lorne.
The Lord Chief Justice of
5T The Companion is published every Thursday England.
mes a Years and tis received each week in more than thirty- Sir Benj. Ward Richardson.
six thousand post-offces in the 'United State Secret,rof the . S.
and by more than Half a Million Homes. Secretaryof theU. S. vap.
Secretary of the Interior.
Secretary of Agriculture.
i Holidy Special ouvenir Numbers. double n e judge Oliver W. Holmes.
Num bers" nd approprliate to each season, are published udr Willie . Holms .
Numbers. Thskgivlng. Christmas. New Year's, Wash
ington's Birthday. Easter and Fourth of July. Frank R. Stockton.
W. Clark Russell.
0o0 The size of The Companion pauge four-times General Nelson A. Mrilsa
that of the leading Magazines. In each Volume on. Thomas B. Reed
nearly 700 pages are given, profusely illus- The Dean of Salisbury.
Strated. Sir Edwin Arnold.
The subsoription price is *1.7l . paid in ad- Justin Carthy.
$17. vrance. No other weekly or monthly publica
Year tion ives so great an amount of Entertainment And
SY and Instruction at so small a price. More than zoo Others.
Sena for ull Illustrated Prospectus and Sample Copies Free.
O. {. w sase, te wm CI omt rti tli, and ma it AT cares
wit s am al ausa se, sats 1 t5s wi n receives
raa Xe-,sia Tem's casgim eery week tin J.aury . ras. This slh wire
> a-umasgsetssr5 Christmas sNMew TYarea Beal.e Wasters.
S a a-ial lbaness sense. caeail aise semios., $ 75 _
£231RE23R 3-m -a A yn Bst x
Sm ' om tou 'a-aýis -. cý-: s wa ...'i ae..ý,Y _.... ma..k
-. ~~aut weWIa ai lb ewet
,ii.s kiss ars t wee : _i
.cl hegive it.to youtt- _
man is very homely sai Idont
them to him, sdi ne.r iasmma normtu..eI
will do it for mea'"-~ '- Ber.
W- t.link ilp's Cur for Ceu, umi m i"
onl oy b edicine for Cougm. --uin
PnlczShD, Bpringfield, ma., 1k,. 1,11M.
SHal' iwc that the world calls edsbuew
Ii ye l itaj1 wtb~ narrow wall-i4
in luury, or make one's childrenti c-T,
W. Hggion.' •
Hali's Catarh Care
s taken internaoty. Praoe Iia
War should a lady's home dress Inst for
evert Because sh never. wears it out.
Wnr will smoke not go up the chimney?
When there is no lre in the stove.
Timely Warning.
The great success of the shocolate preparations of
the house of Walter Baker A Co. (established
hi 1780) has led .to the placing on the mirket
many misleading and unscrupulous irmitat~louls
of their name, labels, and wrappers. Walter
Baker 8 Co. are the oldest and largest -.lant
facturers of pure and high-grade Cocoas.i
Chocolates on this continent. No chemioals are
used in their manufactures. -
Consumers should ask for, and be sure that
they get, the genuine Walter Baker Ia Co.'s good.
WALTER BAKER & CO.,. Lmited,
DORCHESTER. MASS,
Tell Your Wifc
that you have
read that Clair
ette Soap is
one of the
greatest labor
saving inven
tions of the
time. Tell
her that it
will save her
strength, save
her time, save
her clothes. -
The merits of
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
appeal at once to every thoughtful woman. It's the best, purest, and
most economical soap to be procured. Sold everywhere. Made only by
The N; It. Falrbank Compawy, St. Louis.
DUNCAN'S LININENMT theold reliable,
tested REMEDy
o lRHE UMAT ISM, Headach, orothachel
._-_ nd PANS generally.
G. W. GUNTER. CUNTONNVILE, ALA.. sys: I have found DUNCAN'S LINIMENT to be
the best remedy for pains generally I ever saw.
t$' For COULIC li HORSES and MULES It is a ** dead shot."
WEBS McAN AOTUHZMG CO., Proprietors, - NASHVILLE, TRZNN.
eExhausted Soils
are made to produce larger and better crops by the
use of Fertiiizers rich in Potash.
Write for our "Farmers' Guide." a I42-page illustrated book. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address.
GERMAN KALI WVORKS, 93 Nassau Street, New York.
v o ijt F
Do"A
3B W~ 1 i c·ci·~ru-h··'