:i , -- - -.- . ;. ..
,THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
.. L E A A J 4 80 NUMBER 44
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JANUARY 4, 1806. . NUMBER 44.
,,, .- , - -
E UTON BR03S.
-DAALERS L
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With C
Quality of Goods.
LlueaI Avenae, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
C. A. VOORIlES, b;
ADDRESS:
Dcrblay and Esplanade Ss, . New Orlcans, La t
Represents-a f
01
WM. H, LEE & CO,1
W HOLESALE
LIQUORS,
713 and 715 Lucas Avenue,
ST. LOUIS. M10O.
W. BERNARD,
Barber Shop,
Domnengeaux Building,
Near Southern Pacific De
CHAS. D. CAFFERY,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
Office on Madison St.. LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.A.ttoor)neyrs a-t ILavw,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AEND Stable.
L;ncoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices
Careful drivers furnished when required
LAFAE I'l, LA.
Jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su.
premo and Federal Courts at Opolousaa
sad New Orleans.
AFA I E'rrTs. LA.
-R4ILROAD BARBERl SHOP.
\, Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
Vl'nE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
MT. CARLM CONVEINT
LAPAYETTE, I.A.
The system of education includes the
W[rench and English ianguages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will ho given to tho health
and comtPrt of those placed under th4
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT arl SUPPLY SHOP.
Near IXnlk luiliding.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
IH C. SALLES,
DENTIST.'
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - -- - LA.
E. 0. VOOR-IES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
SNOTARY PUI3LIC,
aTrayete, La.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in theo State 22 years,
and In Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his now and successful tLroat
ment of the respiratory organs. Mledi
eal inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment afTording a cu-a is
Consumption, in the first and scecoad
period if they follow exactly the treat.
mont and relief in the third period.
Deafness and chronio diseases in gen*
teral a espeoialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Ndtary Publio
-AND--
J ustice of the Peace.
Careful and promupt attention given to
th-lction ot ik, encounts notes op
I.t~tiL Sale and purenase of lads as
tended to. 1-19
C. H. MOUTON,
A -ttrxzey atn.. ", v,
. ~~~yUl~ L
TE AUSTRALIAN SYSTEM OF VOTING
rally Explained-A Cheek to Fraud and
Other Species of Corruption 10l
Our EleetleaS.
BY LOUIS F. POST.
Reprinted from the Standard of Dec. 1, 1888.
The Australian system of voting, ao
called because first used in Auitratlin, tlin
been for several years in successful opei'a=
tionl there, and, With non-essential varia
tions, in Elingland, Sotland, Ireland and
Canada. It has also been adopted in
Mlassac:husetts, where it goes into effect
in 1SS!). Its principal object is to .re
vent bribery and intimidation, to place
all candidates upon an equality before
the law, and to undermine the dangerous
powers of political machines.
The system will be readily understood
by reference to the accompanying draw
lug.
The voter, upon entering the polling
place, turns to his right at the point
marked "'Entrance," where he receives,
from two election officers selected from
opposing political parties, a single ballot,
or a single set of ballots, accordling to the
local custom of voting. O() the back is
indorsed a stamp or signature, suflicient
and only sufficient to identify the ballot
as official: and on the face are plaiuly
EXIT
$R(TRFRC&
prilted the names of the caniidcatos for -
each office, with a designation of their r
respective political parties, after this man- i
ner:
For NMayor. Vote for onUe.
Denemocrat!c John Doe
ltepublican Richard loeo
l'roll:bition David Smith
Independent Samuel Jones
For Coroners. Vote for Two.
Democratlc Alanson Jacobs
IHarveySylvester
Iecpubllcan Martin Rawson
WVyman Simpson
I'rohlbition Valentinltemnsen
Victor Stnpson
Independent Erastus. Meyers)
Si.amiel Bixy
Ilaving received his Iallot the voter
enters one of the booths b,aek of the rail
ing, where, secluded from observation,
he prepares tile ballot by placing in
the blank colnimn a cross opposite the
nalle of each candidate for whom he de
sires to vote; or, if he prefers, by writing
the' minimes of the candidates of his own
nomilnation in pinee of those alre:tdy
there. If there are several candidates
for the same kind of office, as coroners in
the sample ballot above, or I'residential
electors, and lie wishes to vote the
"straight" ticket of his party, he places
the cross under the name of his party,
or draws it through the ..pace ill the Ilank
cl, umn allotted to the party's candlidates,
which signifies that lie votes for eaich
c:ndtidate IamLlii'd in that spi:(ce. Thus, in
the' samDle Iallot, a cross under the wo.rd
' enmoc:raltie,'' or through the first two
s'talet'ts of the blank coluinn to the right,
is one vote elch for Alanson Jacobs and
HIanrvey Sylvester.
After preparing his ballot by indicat
ing every candidate for whom he votes,
the voter foldis it in such manner as to
conceal the face and expose the indorse
nment, and, withdrawing from the booth,
gives the bailot to the inspectors, wiho,
identify it by the indorsenuent as of
fi'ial. It is then deposited in the box
antd the voter passes out at the gate
mar eked "'ixit."
From the tinle he receives his ballot
until he casts it. the voter is permitted
to have noll euollllllnulliitioin with ailly one
butl the ele('tion oftizers, and with them
only for official purloses; nlind only elve
lion officers and peirsons actually engaged
in voting are ever admitted within the
railing.
1'pon proof of inability from physie:lt
Infirmity, at voter may caill into the booth
officers nippointed and sworn for the pur
pose, to aid him in preparing his ballot,
and when a ballot is accidentally de
stroyed or defaced it must be exchang:ed
for a clean one. The importance of the
latter requirement mnay not at once be ap
parent; but to secure secrecy every bal
lot delivered to a voter must be either
cast or returned. This explains the ne
cessity for indorsing ballots. But for the
indorsement a blank paper outwardly re
sembling a ballot might be cast by a
voter, who would then be able surrepti
t.:ously to carry away an official ballot.
'his could be prepared for a bribed
voter, the proof of its use being his pro
ductlon of a second official ballot. That
could be timilarly prepared and used, and
so on. Such a fraud, known as the "Tas
nalnian dodge," was successfully perpe
trated in Australia in the early days of
theesystem; but its repetition was pre
vented by requiring ballots to be official
ly indorsed.
As Ct is essential rtat ballots be printed
at public expense and distributed by pub
lie officers, the system must include some
mode of certifying nominations to the
proper authorities a reasonable time be
fore elections. That propoped by the
Yates-Saxon bill of New York was per
haps as convenient as could be desired
Under it State nominations W: re to be
certified fifteen days and local nomina
thosa tea days beo e elect ig; aoelan
tlons of a political party whlch at the
next preceding clectio.n polled 3 per cent.
of the whole vote were, to e ePrtlttefi by
party offtipt~ , lihtt indepueliint nonisUhl
tIloit, if for a State office, were to be
certified by a thousand voters and if for
a local office by a hundred.
A brief explanation of the way in which
this system affects its objects canuot an
ticipate or answer captiolin ob|jectionl,
but will be tuseful to ctudlidl itiJtuireri.
1ettal laws are iifieffbcttid. to piet6tit
btibety andl intim ittiotzl The ltrimhftiy
remnitl is a secret ballot. And this is
best seeured when the only proof of an
elector's vote is his own uncorroborated
assertion. Under the Australian system
no other proof cann be made. That fact,
gives to the most timid among dependent
voters a sense of seunrity whichli mnaker
him free, Atnd to beth0h - it is fatal.
lUibers b are not likely to invest money on
the faith of a bribed man's naked asser
tion; if there be such a virtue as "hon
esty among thieves," It is not acceptable
secn:ity to the thieves themselves.
Eit secrecy, though the primary rem
edy for bribery and intimidation, is not
all Ihat is reqxuired to purify elections, nor
the only remedy the Australian systeli
offers.
The printing and distribution of ballots
is a most important part otf election ma
chinery. and, left to private enterprise,
inevitably tends, as does: the farming out
of any other public function, to breed
corruption and build up monopoly. It
makes a necessity for irresponsible organ- i
izations which come to wield autocratic
power over the political party they claim
to serve, and in turn, through discipline,
almost military in severity, are dominated
by an inner circle of "leaders." As bal
lots can neither be printed nor distributed
without money, and may not be faithfully
hlandled unless trusty workers are re
warded with more than an election day
stipendl. the organization undertaking the
work has a illatusible if not reasonable
claim for money from its beneficiaries
andl official patronage for its retainers.
It is the necessity of raising these funds
and employing these "workers" that jus
tities assessmlents, gives color of volun
tary contributions to what in truth are
sale(s of nomninationslls. excueses the submiis
sionl of official patronage to the distribu-i
tion of the macline, provides anmple cover
for colleeting a corrupltion funld, and,
through "workers" at the plls, a con-I
venient channel for disbursing the fund
in bribes. And ah corruption funds in
crease, nmasked in increasing demlands
for legitimate expenses, iassessmlents
grow. the price of nomiinations rises, inde
llendencte is shackled and thei organization
bi4'oIrIms Miloro indifferent to party prill
ciple tas its monopoly of political power
strengthens. Born of the necessity of
volunteer lachinery for preparing and
distributing tballts, it develops into a
powerful instrument, wh:ch, in the hands
of political jobbers. enables them to buy
and sell oflice "as the Praetorians sold
the Roman purple." Already, poor mnen
rarely obtain political advatnecmelnt with
out assuming obligations to lie redeemed
by official perfidy, and the obstacles to
unallied candidacy have become so great
as often to prevent and always to dis
courage ilndependent nominationls.
This political monster would lie de
stroyed by the Australian system. If the
State assumed its function of providing
ballots, there would lie no necessity for
"w\-orkers" tt the polls, and the excuse
fr raising. n- well as thie hlst util< of
using, corruption funds would disappear.
As.es.uentll s ctiould not then hi, -t-vied
upon canldidates, for when "workers" at
the polls arc not required, machines can
neitlher serve nor injure. Nor would
nominations he sold; for when candidates
stand upon an equality in respect to elec
tion ilachicery, and there is no oppor
tunity for bribing voters, organizations
merely as organizations have nothing
worth buying, while organizations- as
representatives of principles cannot be
atppronched through commercial chan
nels. Tra:fficking in office woull lie re
plnced 1,y political di:suission, the power
of the iihiteline by the voice of the party.
Tihe evils of mnacnhine organization and
the remedy of the Australian systetu are
suimalnrized as follows by 1Yilliam n M.
-iSie. than t whonm r-o one has donte more
inltelligenlt, energetic and effective work
for electoral reform:
THE EVIL.
1. The necessity for voluntary print.ing
and distributitng the ballot justities organ
ization for this purpose.
2. It practically vests the machine with
the monopoly of the election machinery.
3. And as a consequence, with the mo
nopoly of nominees.
4. It Involves the necessity of defrnying
the expenses of both printing and dis
tribution by means of assessments on or
contributions by candidates, office-holders
or party leaders.
5. Which facilitates bribery and corrup
tion by affording them convenient covers.
THE IREM1EDY.
1. The printing and distribution of all
ballots at public expense does away with
the necessity of organization for this pur
pose.
2. And will deprive the political ma
chines of the monopoly of an essential
part of the election machinery.
3. It will eitable any body of citizens
of the number prescribed by law to have
the name of their candidate printed on
the same ballot with the names of al:
candidates for the same office, so that be
fore the law and before the voters all
candidates and all party organizations
will stand on a perfectly even footing.
4. This will dispense altogether with the
necessity of all excuse for levying po
litical assessments.
:5.And leave no legal cover for brlb
cry.
To this system it is objected that by
requiring nominations to be made in ad
vance of elections it denies a constitution
al right of voters to select candidates
from the whole body of voters. From
such eminent authority as Tudlges Cooley,
McCrary and Folger. and the highest
courts of Pensnylvania, Massachunsetts
and New York, it may be safely inferred
that a restriction of the franchise to can
didates nominated a short time before
election is a reasonable regulatcl and
not an uncouItitut5itOD itternce ; but
the inference l so-t necessary, since the I
tysthm allows each voter to rJ ct alf
tndldates and write new na upon his -
It is objected, also, by reildifi,~ t !
the blind to expose their vote to election br'
officers, secrecy of the ballot is, Is to sot
them, violated. Under our present sys- tir
tem voting is not secret; it was, for that fui
teiiason rejected by the riitisah t'asiri,
ient, and the Australdii d ystem idoptOd;
it'`h dbjett, iio*, it tob ecure *ectev, bit iii
Ii hlming at thait *e Ilf tUinftdnted with hi,
a class of voters to whom expodUif8 of eh
their ballots to somebody is necessary, lot
and an exception must be made in their wi
favor to prevent their disfranchisement. he
Wrhat form which shall be consistent with ha
the highest degree of secrecy eats that ox- ad
ti-ption taki ? If allowed io carry theti o
tlilltis AWa Ie ~thei totert tall into the th
hands of irresponsible ahd it]lihip(t disj
honest persons, and may be made, inno
cently or otherwise, instruments for per- to
petrating some form of the "Tasmanian Y
dodge." If, for their benefit, official bal- lie
lots are generally circulated, all efforts for 00
secrecy are frustrated, And If they are II
i;ermitted to take a "friend" into the br
booth a d6oo is opened for the bribery. of p1
eVi'ry venal voter who is, ol' atil sticeass: er
itlly pretend to be, utnable to read lin- A
glish. Exposure of ballots must be pre= to
vented by eyvet means that lingenuity i
Cntt suttggest: but in exca'ptiotldl cases Ii1
which it cannot be avoided, it may mosI
safely be confided to election officers, who
represent opposing parties, are under oath 0o
of secrecy and fidelity, can be readily de- m
tecteld In malfeasats, and when detected ax
are liable to severe penaltiei., As to ti
blind voters, this seems to be the only te
course. lv
'here is reason to believe that the ti
Attttraliatx sastetil of fotit. is about to ti
receive favorable consideration it all the gi
States where electioh abuses have beets i
deriously felt; but its adoption would so
surely dispeise With machine organiza- S
tions that there is also reason to fear at.
tempts at essential modificatioti, 'thest i
are likely to be in the direction of allow- °
ing the delivery of ballots to parties and h
candidates before election, and distribu- tI
tion as well by "workers" at any time or ir
place as by sworn officers at the polls. ti
A little thought will show that this would ci
continue the power of political machines iI
and endanger secrecy. Any such modifi- c,
cation no intelligent and sincere advocate i,
of electoral reform can accept, for in this i
matter it is not true at this time that
"half a loaf is better than no bread."
It were better that the reform be de 0
layed, with the force of public opinion g
pressing it forward, than that inefficient °
measures should allay public opinion by 1
seeming to meet its demands. Details n
may be compromised, but essentials must t
he required at every step in the agita-, I
tion. These are, that ballots containing t
the names of all candidates he printed at
public expense; that one official ballot t
or set of ballots be delivered by sworn of
ificers to each voter as he appears to vote;
that the voter be immediately secluded for
the purpose of preparing to vote; that he
deliver his ballot to the inspectors so
folded as to r nceal its face and expose t
the official indorsement; that immediately I
a-fter voting he withdraw from the seclud. c
ed part of the polling place; that there I
l' no intercourse with him except by s
election] officers for official purposes from
Ithe time he receives his ballot until he ]
votes, and that no voter be allowed to
cast any ballot but the oue he receives 1
from the election officers. It is also es
sential that' the ballots be arranged (as
above) by offices, and not in "straight
tickets," for, as a straight ticket can be
voted in much less time than one in which
the separate candidates are marked by
the voter, a watcher on the outside is en
abled to tell how a voter has cast his bal
lot if a chance is afforded to vote
"straight."
Ballot Reform League Office,
New No. 219 Camp St., New Orleans.
One who is induced by fraud to sub
scribe to the capital stock of a corpora
tion can rescind his subscription be- I
fore the insolvency of the corporation.
An equitable title meets the require
ment of an Insurance policy that the
interest of the assured is the entire,
unconditional and sole ownership.
I3onds issued by a corporation and
secured by mortgage are negotiable,
though under seal and payable to bear
er on a certain day named, or sooner
after five drys.
ABOUT PEOPLE.
;Mary Anderson Navarro, according
to reports from England, is in broken
health. She is wheeled about in a
bath chair every sunny morning.
A 17-year-old London boy killed him.
self with cyanide of potassium because
be had to wear a wig while his hair,
which had fallen out on account of a
fever, was growing out again.
Mr. Eugene Ysaye, the violinist, has
i bought, for $5,000, the Stradivarius
known as Hercules. It is dated 1732,
is one of the most perfect of its family,
and is beautifully preserved.
The late Prof. Boyesen's three sons
have been made wards of th college
by the trustees of Columbia college.
SThey are now at school and the cost of
their education is to he met by the col
lege.
Mahlon A. Sellers, of Windsor Castle,
S3erks county, Pa., recently celebrated
the 50th anniversary of his appoints
ment as postmaster at that place. He
secured the establishment of the office
in 1845, and has been postmaster ever
since.
S Robert L. O'Brien, of Massaehusetts,
Swho during the last campaign acted as
Mr. Cleveland's stenographer, and who
Shas since been principal executive
clerk, has resigned to become the Wash
ington correspondent of the Boston
a Evening Transcript.
THE WORLD'S WOMEN.
Miss Pr-ttoe Harraden's winter in
; alifornia was so pleas.nt and benefi
cial to her that she will return there
after her present brief visit to England.
Mrs. Howard Townsend, president of
Sthe National Society of Colonial Dames,
Sis a guest of the local chapter of the
. daughters of the American Revolution
Sin Atlanta.
A no less droll blunder was made by
t an American woman driving about
Athens, who pointed to a sign over a
d shop: "Solon Confiserie," wifh the
Snairve remark: "What a queer way to
spell saloon 1 sup~osethatis modern
' Greek,"
PERSONAl AND LITERARY.
-George IV, was fond of perfumes,
att did not care for the English man:n
fdi4 t"rsf: lid had all Ilis perfumes
brought frdii )teraig and a factory in
sputh France was kept lltnnia g full
time during the season in mnh4JifSf jper
fume for the kang and royal family.
--Thronghona his entire life Victor
lingo endeavored to have the name o'f
his father. (tlen. lingo, who led a
ehargie agaidst the lnglisl at Water
loo and " Was tever heard of after
wards, added'to the list of Iapoleonic
heroes on the Are de Trioniplhe. It
has been placed there at last, and its
addition to the list leaves room for
otnly two more. It is probable that
these will never be added.
-Barney Biarntto. the man most
talked aboutt is tiondon to-day, is not
yet forty years of age. lie is said to
have made from $25.000,000 to $100,
000,000 in south Africa speculation.
1e has been a barber, a drummer, a
broker's clerk and a messenger. As a
plunger his success has been phenom
enal. dtest how he got started in south
Africa is nrot known. but he made a big
fortune there, and is now adding to it
in London.
-Rev. Dr. S. D. McConnell, of Phila
delphia, spent his vacation in Europe
on a wheel, riding three thiosand
miles in Englanrd, France, Belginm
and Germany. lie gives this advice to
those who may contemplate a similar
tour: "You can see Europe very cheap
Iv; but, remember, keep away from
the big hotels and from places where
the usual crowd of American travelers
go. They skin Americans of every dol
lar they can possibly get."
--'rhe most interesting schoolboy in
San Francisco in all probability is the
little grandson of the late King Greig
of Fanning and Washington islands.
King G;reig was a merry monarch,
though his subjects numbered hardly
more than a hundred persons. lie used
to make frequent visits to San Fran
cisco and HIonolulu. But on his island
home, which was his by right of dis
covery, lie spent his life manufactur
ing copra. Ils son, George B. Greig,
is the present ruler.
-Lord Charles ileresford, the hero
of the Condor, is laid up with the
gout. although he is still in the prime
of life and. fond of athletic sports.
WYriting the other day about his nil
ment, which some of the doctors
thought was gout, and others rheu,
matism, he said: "'The only consola.
tion I have over the argument is, if
it was the latter, it was probably due
to want of *precaution of my own,
whereas if it was the former, it was
certainly. due to want of precaution of
amy jovial ancestors."
-Though the heir to vast wealth,
the late Oliver Ames served an ap
r prenticeship for four years in the shops
of his father's shovel manufactory.
o From the age of sixteen to twenty lihe
t worked at a bench by the side of the
mechanics, and after graduating at
BIrown university lie "went on the
3 road" to sell his father's goods to
hardware stores throughout the laud.
It proved to be a good training, for
when Oakes Ames died in 1873, leaving
t is estate apparently hopelessly in
h volved, his son brought order out of
Schaos, and in his later years lie was
said, in addition to other great posses
sion, to have one million dollars in
cash on hand.
HUMOROUS.
-"Thought you said your friends
were a unit?" "I was right about it,
too," answered the defeated one. "I
, got just one vote."-Indianapolis Jour-.
nal.
-'l'he Wider Way. -She-"W'hy
e don't you marry and make some woin
an happy?" lie--"[ thought it better
to make them all happy."-Detroit
SFree Press.
-Fond Mother-"My darling, it is
bedtime. All the little chickens have
gone to bed." Little Philosopher
"Yes, mammna, and so has the old hen."
Philadelphia Call.
-Tommy--'Pa. why is it the good
die young?" Mr. Figg-"They don't die
g young because they are good, but they
a stay good because they die young."
LaIndianapolis Journal.
- "WVhat is the matter with that
' horse?" said the animal's owner at the
e race trck. "lle's fast asleep," replied
r, the stable-boy. "Well, leave him that
a -way. It's the only time lie ever is
fast."-Washimngtoa Star.
i -A (Good Excuse.-Mistress-"This
is passes all bounds, Anna. Last night
. you had three soldiers in the kitchen
p, with you." Cook-"Yes, ma'am, but
the hussar had had his supper before
as he came."-Soldatenfreund.
e -In the Art Gallery.-Lad of Ten
e. "I say, n.a, what is the meaning of
f those numbers at the bottom of every
I- picture? Look at this one, Shakspeare,
153." Perplexed Father (who has
never been in a gallery before)-"Olh!
d ah--I expect that is iis telephonenum
Sber!"-- 11umoristische lilatter.
e -In reply to the cry for assistance,
e the professor said: '"If I could help
r you, I couldn't help helping you. It
is because I can not help you that I
can not help refusing to help you."
SAnd the mendicant darted around the
Scorner, with terror in his eye and cries
Sof "Hel!" in his mouth. - Boston
e Transcript.
-Mr. Slaveserf (to his wvife)-"Clars,
I wish you would tell liridget not tc
cook the biscuit quite so brown in fa,
ture." Mlrs. Slaveserf--"lWhy, John,
what are you thinking of? Bridjge
f and I haven't been on speaking term.
- since that morning I forgot myself and
Sspoke hastily to her when she brokc
.. that old china saucer I had had sa
f maly years."--Boston Transcript.
s -"Have you written any of you
e speeches yet?" asked the old membe
an of congress of the new one. "Why nco'
was the reply, "I don't know yet what
,y topic I may tind it desirable to speal
t upon." "\Vhat topic! Why, my mnan
a you don't need any topic. What yoet
want to do is to have somethingreadJ
Sto fling into the breach when youm
Sparty calls on you in an emergency t
come forward and kill timne,""-Waeh
rSoton star,
FELIX DIMANADEi
The Up-to-Date Merchaut,
Groceries, Crockery,
Liquors, Willowware,
Fancy Goods.
IF'rcll ` took ! Clienap Prices I
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN.
DRUGGISTS,
-AND DEALERS I-
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
Fancy and Toilet Articles.
Bchool Books and Stationery. Base Ball Goods. figa~tr
and Tobacco. 3Meillier's Perfumes. -
PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIGHT
P. DEYIANADE,
LIQUORS,
Wines and Tobaccos,
Staple and Fancy Grocerie-.
f A. J. MO1S. A. E TILE M[E'Otl .
Moss & MOUTON
LUMBER,
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
OFFICE AND YARD:
e Iear Railroad Depot, : Lafayette, La.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shinugles,
y Sas.h, B1linds, M1ouldinigs, etc.
ý Screen Doors and Extension Screen Windows.
is
iCYCLES.
A Are the
Highest
of all
* High
Grades. " "
W 1Warranted Superior to Any Bicycle Buith inth
Viorld, Regardless of Price.
Read the followlr opinion of one of the most prominear '
, American dealers who has sold hundreds of these wheels: •
to RICHUORD, VA., October 2, 1 "98 
u- Rlh IFrram W, ood Indiana Bicycle Co., Indianapolis, Ind.: -
, . S rch er leht 21 , tc,lmen-e-ThO ' a:ver)y Scorch r and Belle came to hand yestela t
"· L .rorchar, c t5 t . 2 lr;t.tlit ysr hnvw rent Its the hglih-priced wheel by mimlake. W Ll
et _ounds. ... -.$'.15 can't marn to tl t llush:t this wheelrL.talls for 355? \We must say that .
ne iteel Rims. Waverly Is, w.'tlht eXcr-'lprto, the prqttiest who.el we have ever seen, and. sltoriw
CIl'ncherTIres. wcvlcbt over, we lt:l-e fl in lnt.Itll, u ni gIt wi~l ightio llyy22po tnds ,foralt Wasverly .
24 pounds..... .. OO we hae .'t soll :il;s year anl lI:st, (an 'you know that is a right good awn
SIregular Prame, uma her) we tic hy ien. r itad a frame nor ?ork brorcn, ei tlter from scold ..
so reiht"s 1... 00 deect. , at llult it ii oroe tlan e c"n s. . Ior any. oter wheel. r n I t o d
Ladies' - -rop Frame" high gr:sic, so-calicd. that we': sell. We oongratulate ourselves every
aine werghte tan that we are the Wav'eriy agents. Yours iruiv.
ur 'res ...........$23.00 wALTER V. ISRCEr C
roI ui...?.'..mon.d\. ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE FREE.
Indiana Bicycle C
L Gur Indianapolis, Indiana.
- B. GLEGO, !xclusive Agent, ; Lafayt