SSubscri/iot .Pric* $z Per Year.
" - .... ÷ : -" -- ... , , . ....
We send out many copies of this paper to
parties whoni we have been unable to see,
but whose names have been furnished to us,
persons who would likely become subscribers,
and shall continue to send them until notified
rot to do so, regarding eon-refusal to receive
it as indicating a wish to be considered sub
scribers. The subscription price is so low
--one dollax per year-that we hope every
one will become subscribers, and send us the
amount of subscription.
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
A merry party of picnickers were out
last Sunday chaperoned by Mrs. F. Rigues.
Misses Alix Judice and Lea Gladu visited
Carencro Tuesday.
Mr. Jos. LeBlanc, of Royvllie, was a wel
come visitor to our town Sunday.
We were pleased to meet our friend L.
Tapissier, of Carencro, in town Monday.
Mrs. Couniff, of -New Orleans, is the
guest of her sister, Mrs. John Hahn.
Miss Estclle Gerac left Tuesday for a visit
to friends in St. Martinsvillc.
Miss Regina Romero is visiting friends
and relatives in New Iberia.
Born to blush unseen-colored ladies.
Ctcsar Mouton, of Abibeville, was in town
this week calling on his many friends.
Felix Potier, a successful planter of St.
Martin parish, was in Lafayette this week.
We received a very. pleasant visit from
Mr. B. F. Flanders Jr. of Royville, Monday.
Ladies and children haircutting at domi
cile. L. P. Bagarry
Miss Lillic Broussard, of Patterson, La.,
has been on a visit to friends and relatives
in Lafayette.
Mrs. Rizhard Coffey, now of Abbeville,
is in town visiting her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
A. Nevcu.
Mrs. Wm. lKelly has returned from a
pleasant visit to her cousin in New Orleans,
Miss Effie McConnell.
Miss Philomene Judice spent a few days
in Royville, last week, the guest of her aunt,
Mrs. Geo. Scranton.
Miss Zaza Cornay was the guest of Miss
Maude Young at Royville Friday and Sat
urday.
Misses Jessie Bussett, of Jeannerette and
Rita Rochel, of lattcrson, were among the
fair visitors to our town this week.
Msss Zeralda Bailey is spending some days
in Broussardville with her sister, Mrs. J. A.
Roy.
Mr. J. Revillan, Miss Louise, his
grand-daughter, and Mrs. William Camp.
bell, are sojourninlg in the Crescent city.
Mr. Ike Bendel, a popular young mer
chant of L.ake Charles, wa.s in town this
week visiting his relatives, the Falks.
It is a standing rule in The Gazette job
department to promptly deliver all work on
the day promised.
A very enjvoyablle sorre, dransnte was giv
en by the young people at Falk's Opera
House Saturday.
The excursion to Opelousas to-morrow.
Fare front Lafayette, round trip, 75 cents.
Are you going ?
One of the enjoyalle picnics last Sunday
was the one chaperoned by Mrs. Eli
McDaniel.
Rt. Rev. Forge participated in the cere
monies attendant upon the celebration of
the Catholic diocese of New Orleans ont the
5-t't instant.
The High School fund has been enriched
St 1o, being the net proceeds from the Little
Diamonds entertainment. The expenses
were only $15.
Remember all note and letter heads
printed at The Gazette office are put up in
tablet fofm with a blotter cover. A great
convenience and saving the time of hunting
up the blotting pad.
Judge C. II. Mouton is in Lafayette at
tending the present session of court, where
he is interested in some cases. The judge,
however, found time to call at The Gazette
den.
Mr. Ove Savoie, one of the progressive
citizens of the neighbiorhood of Voungsville,
favored The Gazette with an appreciated
call Thursday.
We are pained to hear that our good
friend Alfred HIebert is on the sick hlst, but
hope ere this nunibcr of The Gazette is
printed to see him up and about and in the
enjoyment of his accustomed good health.
)teports reaches this office that nothwith
standing the cool spell presently experienced,
retarding somewhat the growing crops, still
every thing considered the outlook is very
promising.
Mr. J. E. Trahan sold a piece of property
in the neighborhood of the Catholic church
to Mr. Walter MIouton recently, the consid
eration being $25oo. Mr. Trahan proposes
to build a residenee next to hIis drugstore,
which, when finished, will be occupied by
his mother.
Through the kindness of Mr. A. Brower,
the children of Mlrs. 11. Bailey's school en
joyed a picnic Friday. The day was spent
with that boisterous merriment such as only
children know how to create.
A very pleasant and enjoyable ice-cream
party was given at the hospitable home of
Mr. John Tiernay last Sunday, in honor of
her little daughter Annie May's first birth
- day. There were present about tweity
children and as many grown persons.
1 had the pleasure last evening of meet
ing Crow Girard, Esq., cashier of the Peo
ple's Bank of Lafayette. He came up to
witness the performance of "Bordcr Land"
by our local amteurs attd was accompanied
bsy the following ladies and gentlemen:
Misscs I.izzie Parkcrson, Ada Moss, Lelia
Nickersous Iailide anld Stella Trahan, l)r
A. R. Trahan, and lMr. .. C. ()rdway. er
itor 0f the I.nfanytte .\dveri.s-er.-Newc Ibc
ria Entcrprise.
Go to Bagarry for a good shave and hair
cut.
The fifty odd street lamps ordered some
time since by the city authorities have ar
rived and are being placed in different parts
of town; combined with those we now have
Lafayette can boast of having a first rate
'itreet light system, and one that will prove
a great convenience to the public.
The suggestion of our neighbor, the Ad
vertiser, for the calling of an immigration
convention of the parishes of Vermilion,
Iberia, Acadia and Lafayette, to be held in
this town encompasses a splendid idea, and
one to which The Gazette gives its warmest
concurrence, and would further suggest that
the parishes of St. Martin and St. Landry
be added. We thiuk an organization formed
of representative men from each of these
parishes could do a world of good.
Madame E. Mouton, as chaperonne, and
the Misses E. Mouton, Alix Judice, Aimee
Mouton, Minnie Cornay, Ada Moss, Marthe
Mouton, and Nellie Bailey, and Messrs. H.
II. Eastin, lenry Gerac, C. O. Couvillon,
and George Guidry, members of the Catho
lic choir, went out to Chargois' grove lt'
Sunday to enjoy a picnic tendered them by
Father Forge. They report having spent Y
most enjoyable time.
The criminal docket at this session of
court is a large one, and among the number
of cases some are very serious, involving
death should unqualified verdicts of guilty
be returned. The trial of these cases must
necessarily consume much time, but the
judge, district attorney, and court officials
seem to be willing to give their best efforts
to expedite court affairs. Last Wednesday
court opened at 1o o'clock, and continued
in session, with only two short recesses, un
til so o'clock that night, and took an ad
journment to 8:30 the next morning, thus
demonstraiing that our public officials are
alive to the public interests, and for which
they deserve much praise.
A Mistrial.
The case of the State of Louisiana versus
G. Derouen, for violation of the Sunday law
was called up 'Tuesday and placed on trial.
The best part of the day was devoted to the
taking of evidence and arguments of the
lawyers. The case was submitted to the
jury early in the evening, and they retired
for deliberation. At eight o'clock word was
sent to the judge that the jury was unable
to agree; the judge ordered the jury locked
up for the night. At to o'clock next morn
ing court was opened and the jury called in;
still unable to agree the jury was discharged
and mistrial entered. The jury stood eight
fy" acquittal and four for conviction.
"Borderland."
The local papers of New Iberia speak in
high praise of the drama and acting of
"'Borderland" recently presented twice by
the amateurs of the town.
The Gazette learns from its esteemed lo
cal contemporary that it is the intention of
some ladies and gentlemen to put this play
in rehearsal, with a view of soon presenting
it to the public. We understand that it is
purposed to give the proceeds 'to the High
School fund.
The Gazette confidently predicts that
those taking part in its presentation will
.score a hit, artistically and financially, be
cause, we are assured, the materiaL is at
hand to insure the former, and the latter will
follow. Sub resa, (we take it), we heard
the names of a few who will take part, and
those, we are informed, have the ability and
histrionic knowledge requisite to make their
respective parts an artistic success. As soon
as the full cast is decided upon-possibly it
is settled now-we shall endeavor to secure
it and present same to our readers.
A Lovely Spot.
Situated on the beautiful Bayou Vermil
ion, one mile from the town of Lafayette,
and owned by Major Sosthene Mouton, is
the lovely and picturesque Beausejour park.
Nature has, indeed, been lavish in her
gifts to the Parish of Lafayette, and, to no
spot has she been more liberal in bestowing
her favors than on this beautiful place.
There stands the large and umbrageous
oaks, robed in silvery moss drapery,defying,
Ajax-like, the destructive hand of Time;
the gorgeous verdure and flora of exquisite
tints; and, the bubbling springs, the water
of which is as clear as crystal,-the living
evidence of Nature's masterful performance.
To this, and which enhances very much the
natural beauty of the place, is a large plat
form, architecturally tasty, and circular in
form, for dancing; a rostrum, from which
many an address has been delivered ; a mer
ry-go-round and see-saw, for the children;
comfortable benches, for the weary; arbors,
with growing trellis, sentimentally denomi
inated lover's retreat; the ever-flowing
spring, whose limpid, cool and invigorating
water invite the thirsty ; the well-arranged,
neat bath-rooms, are some of the accessories
that go towards making the whole the lovely
place that it is. The major is contemplating
some additional improvements, and on this
line has already set out a number of rose
bushes.
That the beauty and conveniences are
appreciated is attested by the large number
of pleasure seekers who throng the grounds,
and it is recognized to-day as fpar exce/lance
the ideal place for a recreative outing.
The water of the spring has been par
tially analyzed and show:
The chlorides of calcium, magnesium,
sodium, and potassium.
Dicarbonates of potasssum and nmgne
slum.
Carbonates of calcium, magnesium and
sodium.
Iron and Phosphoric acid.
Total solids mo.84666 grains to gallon.
Organic matter 2.og98 grains to gallon.
And the report adds : A very good water
for ordinary purposes, and may be of value
medicinally owing to the amount bf mag
Snesium carbonate and dicarbonate present.
It has passed into a truism that one who
employs liberally this water for drinking and
lavatory purposes, can dispense with the
services of a doctor, for he is not likely to
suffer with the ordinary ailments of life,
thus proving that this water possesses much
I medicinal virtue.
The major is in love with his place, and
he has every reason to ibe. ltis greatest dle
sire is to embellish it, and solely for this
Spu'"rlwse he will make a moderate charge for
I:'thing privileges, and the use of the park.
To those who wish to enjoy a quiet patO3
ral life, during the heated term, or those
suffering from distressing stomach or kidney
troubles, this place, and waters-proved
efficacious in these affections-offers special
advantages.
Board in the town can be obtained at very
reasonable rates, and the distance to the
springs is a pleasant walk, the greater part
of the way being through an alley of oak
trees.
The place is well worth visiting.
Jim Crow Car Law.
Judge Theard, of the civil district court in
New Orleans, decided Wednesday the case
of Isaac A. Broussard vs. the Louisville,
New Orleans and Railroad company. The
suit was originally for $Io0,0o damages for
having been ejected from one of the defend
ant's trains, but by remittitur the demands
was afterwards re-.uced to $2ooo. The
plaintiff, who is the sheriff of the parish of
Lafayette, claimed that in June, 1891, he
purchased two first-class tickets for pa.sage
from New Orleans to Ethel, for the purpose
transporting a negro named Mouton to the
insane asylum at Jackson under an order of
court. The plaintiff chained his colored
- e iulhe Sffling dlevisi.n of the coach
stigned-to negroes, and plaintiff, bein un
well, seated himself in the non-smt!:ing div.
ision of the same coach. The conductor re'S
quested him to go into the smoking car, and
ordered in the alternative that he go into the
coach set apart for white passengers only:,
This plaintiff refused to do, and demandec
the right to go into the white coach and to
carry his colored prisoner with him, whichf
request was declined by the conductor on'
the ground that it made no difelrence
whether he sat in the negro coach with the'
negro, or the negro sat in the white coach
with him, but the conductor again informed
him that the smoking car was coummon place
of resort provided for both races, and that
if he so desired he could sit in the smoking
car with his prisoner.
Plaintiff insisted upon his right as sheriff
not to be separated from his prisoner, where
upon the conductor informed himn that the
law made no exception in such a case and
that the he must either obey the law or get
off the train. Plaintiff at first elected to
leave the train voluntarily, but upon reflec
tion told the conductor to eject him at his
peril. The train by that time had reached
the Ilinois Central junction within the city
limits, and, as usual. had come to a stop,
when the conductor, without violence or
undue force, ejected plaintiff and his pri
soner from the train. The next day, at the
personal request of the attorney general andl
the local counsel of the company, plaintiff
was permitted, as a favor to ride in the negro
coach with his charge.
Judge Theard \Vednesday held that under
actNo. 1it of 18go railroad companies in
the State are compelled upon a penalty
there tn imposed to provide equal and se
parate accommodation for white and colored
passengers, whom they contract to carry, and
that no person can be permitted to occupy
seats in coaches other than the ones assigned
to them on account of their race, and if a
person refuse to accede to such rule the
railroad official can refuse to carry him. The
law is plain, and no exception is made in
favor of a sheriff or officer of the law in
charges of a prisoner. Any argument or
inconvenience resulting must be addressed
to the Legislature. There being other
means of transporation than that by rail,
plaintiff cannot claim that the enforcement
of the law as to him would amount to a de
feat of justice. In the absence of a special
contract made at the time the tickets were
purchased that he would not he separated
from his charge, he has no cause of com
plaint against the company. Judgement ii,
therefore, given for defendant.
Carencro News.
From Our Regular Correspondent.
Dr. Courtney and his little son, Dalton,
left last Sunday to join some friends in
Lake Charles, who are going on a hunting
expedition in Calcasieu and adjoining p.ar
ishes. +
Mr. Knapp, of the 1 eche Railroad, Com
pany, was in town last ?Monday. This com
pany asks for very little, which can be easily
granted, and everything points to an early
co"mumencement of the building of the roo;d,
and the chances are very brigtht, that they
will begin at the Carencro ctll. The sta
tion will be located on the property of .Ir.
Romain Francez, immediately opposite the
Carencro Gissncry buildings. B;y comnlenc
ing the laying )f track from the Carencro
end of the road, the company will save a
large amount of money, in the transporta
tion of building material.
Mr. Adam Sonnier, one of our enterpris
ing farmers, was in town this week. lie
showed your correspondent a sample of to
bacco raised and prepared by himself.
While it greatly resembles the perique,
it is far superior to it both in oder atnd fla
vor. . ***
Mr. G. HI. Guilbeau has moved into t'h#
store building recently vacated by Mr. G.!
E. Brown. MIr. Guilbeau will continue, as
heretofore, to keep a choice and large as
sortment of general merchandise, and do all
in his power to afford satisfaction to hi.
mtany customers.
Mr. Maurice Francc has returned to Ca
rencro, and it is said that lhe ittenls
establishing a business in our town.
-IHe is so popular, and his circle of fricinds
so large, that his success is assured.
Mr. V. E. Dupuis went to Lafayette last
Saturday. ***
Mr. Henry Crouchet has the finest and
best arranged vegetable garden in Carencro.
It is well worth seeing.
Mr. Geo. Seery, operator at our station,
went to Cheneyville last Friday to assist at
a musical entertaintmentt given for the bene
fit of the Hligh School in that town.
As our people have had no public enter
tainmuent for some time, mar local board of
trustees codld get up sonmethingt of the kind
for the tmprovement of our public school
building and grounds.
On last Saturday, our good friend and es
teemed citizen, Mr. Albert Guidry, passed
the 49th mile post through this journey of
life. Several members of the Carencro
Brass Band of which Mr. Guidry is vice
president, learning of thie fact, gathered a
number of young ladies anid gentlemen, and
with IIon. E. L. Estillette as master of
ceremonies proceeded to the residence of .lr.
Guidry and serenaded him. The following
were in tile party of happy serenaders:
MIrs. W. A. Robert, IMIisses Ida Crouchet,
P. Guilbleau, Mlary Robert, and Miss Vi
drine, of Ville I'latte. The musicians were
Professors llicchclhelm, anttd Armuss Guilblcau
and Messrs. O. P. Guilbcau, I.udovic Guril
eaun and r. Brousard. Messrs. l)uchcne
Courtncy and WV. A. Rlobert were also pres
ent. After several tunes artistically ren
tiadc the iuart wrc ittvitcd in .sxtdi .lut
hospitably ente:taited by their jovial host,
who, though taken comIletely by surprise,
proved himsilf equal to the occa-ion. The
toasts were bright, coullplimicntary and to
the point. ".Lung may he wave."
There will he a meeting at Guilbeau's
Hall, Saturday, April 29, of our business men
and planters interested in the Tceche Railroad.
I'ertianent organization ill be effected
and matters of importanze discutssed.
%*
Mr. J. I). Breaux has under cultivation
25 acres of cane, 20 acres of cotton, 18
acres of rice, alout 1o acres of corn, a
liece of land devoted to tobacco, and vege
table, and a fine orchard of fruit trees, all
under one fence. This is what is meant by
"diversity of crops," and is an example
that coulLJbe imitated with profit by al nl our
planter.;. "l' t ' :Mi V. r" -s.
Royville Items.
From Our Regular Correspondent.
The verdict rendered in the \illie Fore
man case was received with much satisfac
tion, owing to the desperate character of the
man, and his heretofore luck in escaping
punishment for other serious offenses.
Rev. Father Chabrier has ,been making
some improvements, and when the white
wash brush has completed its work, the
ooks w ill be enhanced.
After a fifteen clays sojourn on the sea
coast, our worthy post-master, 1). Ionne
imaison returned .Monday, looking as fine as
a fiddle.
Messrs. R. O. Young; A. A. Mouchet,
and Joe LeBlane, were out visiting our
neghboring town Sunday.
Mayor i)ulplcix accompanied by Dr. L.e
Blanc took a run over to Abbeville last week.
Mr. It. Theall, a prminent merchant of
this town, was at the Creighton sale Satur
day.
Miss Z. Cornay, an accomplished young
lady of Lafayette, was the guest of Miss
Maude Young this week.
Mrs. Latour and daughter, Ruby, were
the guest of the .Misses Olivier at Lafayette
last Sunday. CHIERtOKIE.
The Black Liantuon.ls will give one of
their fine entertainments in Abbeville, May
6, 1893.
A train load of Mongolians passed through
I.afayette this week in bond and direct front
Hong Kong, via San Francisco cn route for
H lavana.
The paint and white brush in active play
now-a-days woutld not be out of order.
Say boys, what's the mtatter with that base
ball club?
W\e are requested to state that services
wili be held at the Mlethodist church to-lt:,r
row at it o'lock a. in., and at S p. nt. by
the pastor, Nlev. AIrl.ltroung. Tile pui'lic
are cor.-dially inviced.
lIRcmember that every cdcllar invested in
entcrprises will add to< the volute of busin:ess
and lubricate the w heels of tr; ade. No one
can e aid him-self witln tit helping some one
else, and herein lies the essten:,c of progress
and. prosperity-.-Shrcvelort -Times.
Many people are opposedt to pl.ttting their
capital in huome enterprises, not stoppting to
cons'iCler that such iinvest:.-ient increases the
lab.,r fo,rce, adds to the circulation of ni:n
cy, lightens the burdens of taxati,n, adds to
the population, becomes a magnet to attract
mtore capital, besides other benetits. Yes,
factories of all kinds bcaie:it a wide circle
amiolg both thie iodust:ial and business
classes.-Ex.
St. Mary parish paid last month $3095 for
colored public schools, and 596J for white.
Still some people will say the negro stands
1no chance for even his life in the south.
A little darkey drank stnae tm.tchine oil
the other day. Present reports are the docu
tors may pull him through, but th-re are
sonime doubt.
There is not a town more advan
tageously situated than Lafayette
for manufacturing enterprises. The
obstacle is want of knowledge of the
fact, and were it known abroad, we
have not the least doubt that the
money, brains anti brawn that is so)
essential would come to us. The
principlal step is to reach the peo
ple we need, and how best to do
this is the problem confronting us,
anti it should and can be solved,
but it will necessitate a small expetn
diture of money.
School Boatrd.
LA.AVTTrr, LA., April 22, 1893.
I'ursuant to call thle School loard of thiis
piarish met this day in special ses.sioni with
the following membtcrs: Juliain b.louiton,
president; II. Theall, I). lHernard, A. C.
Guilbeau, J. 0. .troussard, anlll J. S. Whit
tingtonl. Absent: l)r. WV. WV. Lesly anti
Jasper Spell.
'Thle readinig of the-. minltties was dis
pensed with.
On mnotioit of A. C. Guilheau, secondled
by J. O. hlroussard, the following resolution
was adopted:"
Resolved, Tl'hat, Mr. Clhas. IiclILhiemi C
who has been selected ly the conmmittee for
the selection of teacher, as assistant to Mrs.
E. V. Glenn's school in Carencro, lie andl
is appointedl assistant thereto, providued that
an addllition or extension be made to the.
said school at the expense of the people,
and that the salary of said assistant be and
is hereby tixcd at $30 per mnonthl, and that
said assistant enter up-on his duties at once,
provdled that lie uses I)r. J. Francez's. build
ing adjoiting said school until said addition,
extelsion or intproveltent be made.
Resclveil further that the committee. for
the selection of teachers, be and are here
by authorized to also appolint teachers and
assistants when in their judgmient it becomes
inecessary, and they lixedl tile salary of as
si stants at alny anltlut Ilnot exceeding S30o
per month.
A petition fromt the colored citizcnsbf the
tat ward asking that the colored scho,,l be
opetued an I tiait Mr. \V. Ii. 1Williams be
app i-.,tedc teachler \.s roceiived antI referred i
to t lteiper e'iunnlit-e.
"fhie t.)l :;'ili a,cuaiit., "e~re .llppres ,e.
"7 ..... _--.- _ -_. .. . .. . ..5 -
I ii. T'heall, balance due on Roysville school,
I $34. to; R. C. Greig, repairing scshool house,
5I ;oo; Ed. 'Pelerin, sutndries f,ir sch.;ol
house, S1.9o; A. C. (;uiibcau, director's per
diem two meetings $4.
There bing nto fur, her business the loard
adjoarned.
JULIAN MOUTON, P'resident.
II. E. Toi.i., Secretary.
IAdv, t tise tean L. J
Mr. Fauu!tliader.
I desire to call the atten:ion of whoever it
was that publlished that very impertin:ent
and uncalled for article in the Lafayette Ad.
Svertiser of April 26, S393. as to mle having
dug certain ditches abott tly property, and
thitt said ditchc.; are IS inches ttand 2 feet,
which is not so,, they are only 12 intches deep.
Antd I do think that this party has assmuned
too tnitch power entirely, to co.te out ill pub
lic print and centdemn mte for digging the
proper ditches f.,r an interest best known to
myself. And pray tell nme why make a tar
get of Ule, whent your shots are all meant for
our council and city fathers. And, again,
why do you single Inme out front all other
property holders in this vast conttuntlity for
ha:ving such ditclthes when others a equally
as guilty. I desire to ask this party if lie
has ever been over in the old town ; if not,
he had better take a trip and see what he
can there find; and not try and mcake hitm
self, or the paper that would publish such
an article, so very conspicuous and fault
findlitng with a quiet and peaceable citizen.
I have been living in this conmunuity for
the past eight years, and I desire to call
your atte'ntion to this fact : that in all
these past years I have never seen our town
in such perfect order and so much
improved as it stands to-day, and we
canll only thank our council and city fathers
for it and not you or your fault-finding. Our
present council is a god one, and I earnestly
I pray that Monday next will bring its another
of the same class, and I assure you that the
property-hollers will have no cause to cotn
plain. And further, Mr. Faultfinder, I de
sire to well infirnt you that I have never alt
plied to the coutncil o,r parish oflicers for a
license to olbstruct the banquette about tmy
porperty as no mllan of sense would mllake
such a rermr.k. You certainly could not
have been here very long, "r- y. u woulrl
have known better than to say nit, h to a civi
iized cotnutttu:ity. You h.ve tnu r:ce"1 to dic
tate to our city fathers for they art: runtttiing
this townt and not you. And now vMr.
Faultfinder I desire to mnake known to you
that Lincoln avenue wi!l soon be litghte::
up with a new set of lamps, s.) if you have
any basin~nuiss in the s'tuburbl. of this c.,rpra
tiotn after tdatrk, we shall let our lights shine
on thee; and we shall walk in the light
with thee and if we fall into these little
,lit.hes, let us try to walk in the light still.
J. T. AI.IINGIIAM.
Municipatl Ticket.
We, the undersigned, respectfully
submit our names, for muayor and
cotuncilmnen, tto the white voters of
the town otf Lafayette at the elec
tion to be held on Monday, MIay
I, t893
Our faith anti steadfastness to
D)emocratic plrincilples cannot be
lquestionctl, and if electetd we will
adminiiister the public affairs of this
town in a business-like manner, with
out fear or favor, or prejudice
against any one, and place the good
name of the town of Lafayette
anomlg the first in the State for good
government honestly administered.
\or 1.('.nri/m,.n ."
A. CL.AULS,
A. T. CAIT.I.OUET,
A. M. MARTIN,
WMVi. GUCHIEREAU,
A. ('AYVARI),
J. O. MOUTON,
I. N. SATTIERFIELD.
Sheriff's Sale.
S'I'.TE OF t.oUItSIANA-t'ARISI OFi LA"A
YEI- E.-No. 3tJ5.
Jas. J. 7homas z's. P'rank Richte/r.
lBy virtue ot a writ of .seizure and ale. isuted fr,<tn
the Honorable lutit:e of tile 77th Jtudiceial I)istrict
Court, ill and for said Parish. State of Louisiaia,. in
the alov entitled and ttltnulnled cause, and to Ie
di ,-.tcl . I h:ave seizeds ttd t ill offe r ftor ...l.. at pI1.t -
li.: atlt.on, to the lant tand hlihest l.i,ider, at thet
residetce of Hit i Hultchinson in the sc-rond w:aod
-f the parish of Lafayette. State of l.outi-iana, on
Saturdaty, April 2)0, 1893,
between the legal sale hours, the following discribcd
prop:i itv. to-wit:
Laot t, . Two six-feet D)earing Reaprers and hind
crs. tth withh their to, lb.ln ont e set ot c:l ns.
Lot Na. "r. t:ne olda rea and ider (didt brokenll
withotat canlvas, c'eters oa nick toke or tools.
ctot NO. 3. )ne old broken, bindcr, with canva'.
chaitns or tools.
Lot No. 3. Two second-hand cassidy plows.
I.ot No. 5. tine tialnt Hapngood plow.
Lot No.. 6. T'o second-thand Clak Cutttaway hat
row s.
Lotr N- 7. ()ne second-hand Traction enin e, wisth
watier tanks trasher and straw stacker, with lots ot
tools.
ISAAC A. RO()iVSSARItl),
Sheriff. La:aycste l'arish.
CONSTABIIE'S SALIE.
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PAtc.SHt OF LAFA
ITTE. -Nut.
JUS'TIIC-S CiOURT--FIRST WAR)D.
P. A. D1. //ziih,,me and f,,sph R, t's. ..Un
hAntn and L-,,udzaime'd Animals.
ly y-irtite oa'l writ it' titi flriaa. issitedt by the
I-I~it. (;. .1l,ittoe. Jititic_- of the l'crce tif the -iirlt
nr-d at the It;a itll tf I.atayette. Stale of Iottisatntit,
is tile aivle cntittlcd celtie tlid tt nle dirteled. I
have,-ei.:,.d, now hold. and will offtr for salet at
publthttci ion. to ith last and ighi st t, i ltt :r., i. sat
isfacrtto of atidwrait, ill front of the oi-e if the said
Justice ot the Peace, at Scott. on
Saturday. April 29. 1893,
Inetveccn the legal ale hours, the follow-ine dcstritcd
tr"lpcrty. uo-wit :
2ncthet:ds o horses, mnares and colts.
"1"t ins--CtASr-.
D). ARCENIEAUX,
Conitablc ist. WVart.
Estray Notice
The undersigned has taken up all estray
sortrcl horse branded with the figure 5 with
a dash above it.
cOwner is requested to conme forwardl antl
get same, proving property and paying
edits. W. II. CLARK.
l)uson, April 22, 1893.
FOR SALE.
Valu-able To- wn Lots.
(Lots Nos. 54, 195 andl 218, situntedl in
the Mills addition, Imeasuring Ioxt40 feet;
also improved property on Main street op
posite J. E.'lartin's place. Termns reason
able. I:r further particulars apply to
BOSTON.
Standard an Regislterd.
I.,aston was sired lsy Bladetn-latlent, he Ity
Equity. 1t1.len-tadcen the sire of UIustntt is
a Kentiucky dlerbiy winiler. Bostolt will stand
I the p)rc ient .seasin at Le Teche farm of l)r.
I.. P, tlbenau & Son, at Breaux Bridge. at
51 - Cash for the meastn, with return pivi
T. M. BIOSSAT
k c lps c n:J: ly on n h la fin " li- e of
1-YaPJ llC es,
1 ik_ onds,
/ e wel ry,
' Silverware.
SMITHI & WESSON,
and C(:O.T'S
PISTOLIS;
FINE LINE
I'O(:KET KNIVES; II
TABLE CU'TTL E Y;
FINE LAMPS, Etc. OZI· LTE o -L - ey
Special Attention Pald to the Ptpair:nA of Fine and
Complicated Watches
1- A Ordecrs by mail or exlres:; carefully ti 1cl.
LOCK OX137. T. M. BIOSSAT, Lafayette, La.
Do You Want a
G 1RRIAG E ?
We Have 'em
Han. (Isoine
Cheap.
You will
Save
-iFreiglt, if no more, by
Buying
Such
Things
At horne,
as you should.
Moss Bros. & Co.
Miss Louise Revillon
Solicits I
xisit to C)
A FULL ASSORTMENT
OF FINE GOODS IN
THE LATEST STYLES.
A\. J. MOSS. A. EM II.: MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON
_ LL/W1BGR -
AT WHOLESALE and RETAIL
O F F I C EI A N D Y A R IN l . I R O A DDE POT
I.AI'AVIT'TE, LOUISIANA.
Cypress antd Pine L.umbecr, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
Blinds, Moulhings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mrower. Eagle plows, Walking
andl Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
NEW ANDI) SEASONABLE
MILLINERY GOQDS,.
SUCH AS .p
Hats, Feathers, Silks, Embroideries,
also, Ladies' and Ch~ren's Shoos.