nsastes'e W. Aere. tu-I
yield was reported
Hahn, of Wisconsin, but Sal
toes always get there. The
he Rural New Yorker reports
5 buashels and 8 pounds per
d oui ne oif StiRee's early pota
; bere x;2lO bushels are froe si
new seedling Hundredfold. run
 ew early potato, Lightning Er- 'oe
has a record of 808 bushels per ye
He ofers potatoesas low as.50 nea
'bisrrel, and the best potato planter in n
''the world for but l. -
I  Or oU WILL CUT THIS OUT A D sEND IT
with eb - postage to tite John A. Balzer lc
.- eed Co.,- La Crosse, Wis., you will re
irIve free his mammoth potato cta-ly
oNigoe and a package of sixteen-day the
"Get There, Eli," radish. []
A CHIcAo man who had just surrendered id,
his watch to a footpad was moved to e- wit
i sark that he didn't know when he had been
so presiedfr time.--Washington Star.
Deataess cannot be Cuared a
Slocal applications, as they cannot reach
Stbediessed portionof theear. Thereisonly
oneway to cure Deafness, andthatlesyco- ini
stitaUonal remedies. Deafness iscused by see
San inamed condition of the mucous lining cot
of the f-Matashian Tube. When this tube
etaiinflamed you have a rumblingsound or
iuperfect hearin, and when it isr entirely die
closed Deafess s the result, andunless the in
be destroyed forever; nine cases out of ten
are oused by catarrh, which is nothing but I
an infamed condition of the mucous oa- hi,
faces .
e will give One Hundred Dollarsforany sit
case of Deafness (caused by catarrh) that ol
cannot be cured by Ball's Catrrh Cure. nat
Send for circulars, aree. t L
F. J. CHe~EY & Co., Toledo, 0.
WS01d by Druggists. 7.5c.
all's Family Pills, 2: cents. In
fr(
It Is Not What We Say xi
Eut What Hood's Saroaparllla Dose be
that telis theo Story. bu
Pt
tr
SC01
is
Heartburn, Indigestion
Datress Inthe stomach, etc. mademeunhappy. i
ood's Sarsaparllla gave me an appetite, s ]
sisted digestion, overcame my stomach troub. l
sd igad began to grow fat. Less than three but
Hood's Cures
ties o Hlood'es, restored me to health.'b l. . b
RosERTSo. St. Louis Grocer and General
Merchant, St. Louis. Mo. b
Hood's Pills are purely regetablr, per
fectly harmless, always reliable and be,.eflclal
INPUIGNT ONaUMPTHI
LOUIS oOOK. Inew OSLEANS. Says: U"t gives
mae greatpleasure to be able to say that I.ocok'i i
Cough Elixir is the best preparation for coughs
sand colds I ever used-and have uaed a godt
many. I cheerfully recommend it."
SOLO BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
PRICE, Soe. and 81.00.
Prepared by 1. L. LYONS a&CNw
New O.5al·· ne.. '":
'il Cohildric irwn Fat
on Scott's
Emulsion, , ,
because o
make fatfod S4
children.
They are
thin, and remain thin just in
proportion to their inability to
assimilate food rich in fat.
Scoftfs Emulsion
of Cod Liver Oil is especially
adaptable to those of weak diges
Astonishing how quickly a thin
person gains solid flesh by its use!
Almost as ptalatable as wmilk.
ineasd b~ot Boott Bo, . .. All druaite.
Ca,'t L.et Go
the De Long
Hook & Eye
Richardson &
DeLodgeros.
SPhiladelphia.
See that
Shump? 0
II the Wash
ai
* r.
~I-L- m ---- ~--i
FARMER AND PLANTER m"
of t
LIVING ON POOR LAND. ofb
elos
An Aboblarg Questim Im thie Dst11 Life as
of anMay farme. ma
S ith a large.aumber of farmers the
absorbing question is, how on a poor, be
run down farm, without capital, to get the
enough supplies to last through the whi
year,and the little money absolutely
necessary. This question is often flip- in
pently answered by Che advice to move clef
to a better farm,-as a tenant, or to go thiu
west, etc., but this is generally imprac- L
ticable, as in most cases the farmer is
too poor to change.and he and his fam- the
ily are neither able nor willing to do cro
the large amount of rough work which
such a move would necessitate. lie- hg
sides a foothold or home of your own, tioi
with all its accompaniments of old t
friends, local attachments and fixed
habits, is a gift of God not to be light- shl
ly abandoned. du
Having to face such conditions, the hit
first thought should be economy; not
seeing how the family and animals b
could be fed on the proverbial one Col
straw a day of which the old horse of
died, but the management of the land the
in such a wsay that the greatest net in- Pe
come could be produced from it with
out injuring it.
If any farmer who feels hopeless of
his ability to support his family will alh
sit down and figure up the supplies ab- crm
solutely niecessary, he will be surprised ne
at how small a part of the products of eel
the poorest farm it takes. J
My experience has been that the mi
largest waste on the average farm is gr
from unproductive stock. I mean the shi
keeping of two or more poor. ill-fed an- do
imalswhen one good one would answer bu
better. Do not sell what you have and in
buy fancy stock, but keep the best you ft
have, and feed and care for them bet- f
ter, even if this reduces you to one co
horse, one cow, and even one hog. I be
put this'waste first because it actually m,
wastes something in hand, viz.: crops ot
already secured. ha
The most important waste comes in to
trying to work too much land. This co
means ill preparation and ill cultiva- at
tion, the working of poor land which so
might be left to rest and recuperate, P1
the taking of what little profit miecht cu
be made on the better parts of the land t
to pay the poorer, having to provide it
pay, board and labor for-which you not g'
only receive no reward, but draw on
yourself vexation and loss, the forcing cr
of your dearly-bought crop on a glut- CC
ted market, with the laborers waiting t
7 at your door for all the money received. er
Farmers are prone to denounce specu- p
lators. All men are speculators who m
by hired labor produce mnore of any
article than they iecd for their own a1
use. What shall we say of the
speculator who speculates with
not only the probabilities, but fe
r the certainties against him, as gi
I any mnan does who attempts to d,
t makp staple crops for sale from poor it
land, and with hired labor. And just
how many men, knowing this, plunge t
from the frying-pan into the fire, by q
j buying manipulated commercial fer- It
tilizers. Lrom an experience dating p
back to the conclusion of the war, as a tl
market gardner. farmer and traveling g
salesman of agricultural implements, a
I can say that as a rule, it does not pay
to use for staple crops manipulated e
fertilizers on land originally poor, y
either for the crop to which it is ap- o
plied, or for the future benefit of the n
land. I do not mean to decry the use f,
of conmmercial fertilizers for special 1;
crops, or for giving tobacco a good v
start, or for getting a stand of clover, n
but for the last two, it is neces- n
sary that the land should t
have been originally poor. I also .
think that there is no way so cheap or t
easy to improve land as by the free use f
of pure bone flour and potash salts,
but this is like saying that the best
way to improive poor land is to buy c
good, for less than 400 pounds of bone t
I, and 200 pounds of kaint has no ap- i:
preciable effect on poor land, and less 1
than 100 pounds of each has no very
marked effect. Another waste is try- a
inir to do more than your own labor, i
n money on conmmand and suppljs on
he hand will allow you to do at the proper
pd timne and in the proper way. Andl
last, but not least, the making of a
debht of any kind is to be avoided.
lern on good farms may sometimes be
right in anticipating future income
from their property, but on a poor
farm this is never justifiablc.-C('or.
'lomne and Farm.
CLEAN UTENSILS.
A First Requlsite to the sacceamrul Dairy
man.
One of the most da ngerous germs t hat
can infest milk is that found in old rot
ten milk in the seams, joints and cor
ners of the utensils used in handling
the milk. One of the most serious ob
jections to the use of wood mnilk pails,
butter bowls and utensils of this kind
is the difficulty in keeping tlhem thor
j oughly clean. Malny of these are enade
of wood that absorb, to a more or less
extcnt,.butter fats; and whenlr used for
some time get full, and can not other
wise prove but a nest for the propaga
tion of these germs. Then a little
carclessness in cleaning, will leave
more or less in the seams or corners to
rot and breed germs, that are not only
S destructive to the good quality of the
butter but breed disease.
So far as is possible use tin and
pressed tin utensils, when it is possible
to secure them. The less risk of hav
ing these germs, and the less work re
quired to clean, makes this class o¢
utensils the mnore economical to use.
If hot water is used with soda, and
care taken in cleaning, tihecre need be
no difficulty in keeping clean. It is
still best however, to air a few hours
at least after using. Clean utensils
Is one of the items in manage
ment that while comparatively usual,
is nevertheless important, when the
best quality is to be considered; and
carelessness in this respect is often the
cause of the butter not coming up to
the standard. lMilk so easily takes any
odors in the air that care must be taken
in every respect to have everythinf as
clean as possible-especially the ves
sels that must in any way come in con
tact with the milk, from the pails used
in milking to the packages in which
the batter is sent to market. In mak
ing the quality of butter that secures
the .highest price every detail must be
looked after closely; and few. if any,
are of more importance than the keep
inag sweet and clean the vessels used in
managing the milk, cream and butter.
--~uarmers' Home Journal.
ms Don't Dopes, os Cotton.
SWith the nbar aplioceh of the plant
ing season it may not be amiss to eua
tion farme-s against buoying theto
h other up witt hopeqq f a itegtter ti*
-r \*; ·
tare of eotton or utpou relying toee
much upon the shortness of the C tops
of the last two years as an indication
of better prices next fall. No auspi
elous events have occurred to justify she
as in. anticpating more favorable Rai
markets for the fiecey staple in the t
near future. This year's acreage will. ta
be fully as great as that of last and s
the yield undoubtedly much heavier, che
while from present indications but
slight improvement may be looked for but
in commercial or manufacturing cir- eCC
eles. The business outlook justifies
this view. un
In view of this unpromising outlook si
the first care of the farmer should be be
towards a bountiful production of food ac
Scrops for man and beast, to the breed
ing and raising of cattle and hogs for ri
home use and market, to the cultiva- of
tion of fruits and vegetables for the TI
d table, and to the practice of wise and as'
- intelligent husbandry generally. He be
should avoid debt, be economical, in- or
dustrious and thrifty, that he may find de
himself at the end of the year inde- to
Is pendent and self-sustaining, instead of
belonging body and soul to merchants. "I
e Competency is easily within the reach fo
of diligent farmers and it should be fa
the aim of each to attain it.-Baton th
Rouge Truth. fo
Looking Ahead.
of At this time of year every dairyman bi
11 should make up his mind just what
b- crops are best to be grown on his farm
ad next.summer, keeping in mind the
of certainty of a draught to be met in a
July or August. The short pasture
me must be helped out with some kind of l
is grown crop so that the cows will not
e shrink in milk yield. This can best be
n- done with corn stalks or green fodder, g'
er but bear in mind that there is no profit r
id in sowing corn broadcast. It grows p
nu up thick in stand and slim in stalk and
t. filled with wind and water. The t
ne cows like it just as they like beer, o
I but it makes little milk, and is al- Ci
ly most sure to upset their bowls. In to
ps other words it does about as much c
harm as good. The only kind of corn o'
in to feed is a stalk raised under natural T
is conditions with plenty of room for air s
a-. and sunshine, and then it stores up 51
ch some nourishment. In other and
te, plainer words whether you intend to
ht cut the corn to help out the pasture, to s
nd silo it, or to gather cane from it, plant t
de it just as you always have. You will 0
tot get just about the same weight per t
on acre and far better quality. Another f
crop to help out poor pasture is the r
at- cow-pea that can be either cut or pas- '
ng tured, and make a splended crop for a
,d. emergencies because it can be either e
- pastured, cut for hay, or allowed to
hA mature and the peas threshed out.
There is no better cow feeccd.-Home h
ny and Farm. r
ivn_ _ - r
he How to Use Cotton-Seed MIeal.
ith It should be mixed with hay, nmill
mt feed and corn meal. lie careful not to
as give too much; begin with a small
to quantity-a handful, then two-otnd j
,or increase as your cattle get used to it. Is
List For milk, butter and beef, give two p
age quarts of cotton-seed meal, add five o
by quarts of bran, two quarts of corn t
er- meal, and a little linseed meal, to 1
ng prevent constipation. Dampen so
s a that the cotton-seed meal, bran and
ing ground grain will stick together and
its, mix well.
)ay These are daily rations for cows, or
Led cattle of heavy weight. Do not give
tor, young cattle as much. Feed calves
ap- one-half pint and lambs one gill daily,
the mixed with other food. D)o not
use feed cotton-seed meal to very young
rial lambs or calves. You will get I
Sod very rich butter, firm and solid, and a a
-er, number one beef. The value of the
:es- manure is very large, more than one I
ild thinks for. The best meal sells at
ilso wholesale in New York at twenty-five
Sor to twenty-six dollars for best. quality
use for feeding, and less for fertilizing
Its, grades.
rest A good many farmers now include
3uv cotton-seed meal in their feeding ra
one tions, while its superior fettilizing value
Lp- is unquestioned. I think that the de
less mand for it will keep on the increase
cry yearly, as fast as consumers get better
try- acquainted with it.--Edwin A. Moore,
)or, in Farm and Fireside.
per HERE AND THERE.
%nd
S-]t takes 200 pounds of good butter
t,. in a year to pay for the keep of a cow.
he -A barbed wire fence and winter
,ine kilcld grass make poor shelter and
ioor food for cattle, yet thousands of head
'o. have no better.
-To get the earlicst peas sow any
of the earliest slmooth sorts just as
soon as the frost is out of the ground.
They will flourish even in soil not yet
try- dry enough for ordinary garden crops
--Do not allow a dog in the stable,
hat for his presence will irritate the cows.
irot Do not allow the hired man to smoke
cor- there, for the funmes of the tobacco will
linr do tile milk flavor no good, and a
ob- chance spark from the pipe may fitro
ils, the barn.
ind -Thle whiole superstructure of gar
ltr- leningig. especially the branches of
tade floriculture and landscape gardening,
less depends upon thie love of the beauti
for ful. We can not make use in utility or
her- sense of flowers, lawns and shrubs,
g any more than we can pictures or stat
unry.
are -That a cow should sell for less than
her earnings for a year, is an anomaly,
nlt but a fact. A fifty-dollar cow is ex
pected to produce not less than seven
ty-five dollars' worth. A similar anom
and alyexists in the price 'of agricultural
ible lands, which are expected to sell for
ha-- the value of one year's average crop.
rc- --Some dairymene invite their cus
S tomers to visit them and see how their
use. business is done. Others are too bash
and ful to do this, and would much rather
S their customers would attend to their
own busins.s and let them alone. And
ours the customers are pretty sure to do so
sils after awhile.
\e -The tendency of the age is toards
the labor saving contrivance. tOne con
and trivance pf this sort that is much
the neglected, is making stock harvest
Sto their own feed. Especially does this
apply to hogs; they Can be made to
Itan harvest nearly all the feed they con
same at a great saving of labor, and
S benefit to the hogs.
con- --The pullets of the large breeds
used should be hatched before April 1, and
hich if by thie middle of 31arch, it vill be
nak- all the better, as they will then have
ures plenty of time to grow before falL
it be Eggs of the small breeds need not be
anyused until later, as such pi0lets re
:eep quire a much bhortei' period for reach
rd in ing maturity.
t er. . -Asparagus is just theerop of which
the average homre grower m'ht, plant
a larger patch than required for his
own use; that is, if he does not object
Lant- to securing a little pocket money frho
can- his galrden. As ktbl esily gnrosra
hem. and yet always se. ThesawgLhore
Ua wIU tt wuat Sn q r SqqA,
PERLONAL AND UT.RARt'.
-Miss Francis. Willard suggests a
3Christian theater, one conducted, as
she says,.. in sueh a way that religious
papers could advertise and recommend
it, to which a young girl might be
taken without fear of anything on the
stage that would blrng a blush to her
-Prof. Milligan, who died at Edin
burg, was one of the most distinguished
ecclesiastics ip Scotland. He held the
chair of Bibliectcriticism in Aberdcen
university for nearly forty years, and
since the beginning of 18841 he had
been the principal clerk of the general
assembly.
-The works of Quintillian were re
vived by being discovered under a heap
of rubbish in an Italian monastery. 1
Those of Tacitus were found in a mon
astery in Westphalia. where they were kne
being used as fuel by the cook. The pce,
original manuscript of Justiniau's pan
dects was found in a cellar in a little its,
town in Calabria. are
-The London "Athenaemnl" says:
"Lord Tennyson, who is at Farring- fall
ford, engaged upon the memoir of his it I.
father, wishes to borrow all letters of s
the late laureate whiclh are not tuere
formal notes written in the third per. to I
son. And as soon as he has copied ous
such letters as may bIsintrusted to him you
I Ihe will return them to the lenders." ell
-Labouchere's "Truth" (London) -
gives the following recipe for making for
a modern English literary celebrity: ing
"Half educate a vain youth at Oxford; if J
let'his hair grow; dip him into erotic Vo
French literature: add one idea, chop
e it small; log-roll the whole; give a ala
grotesque name; then serve up as a .Te
rival to Milton, Sheridan and Shakes- it
Spare." bra
-A portion of Cicero's treatise "On -
SGlory" was recovered from the works lite
of P'ctrus Aleyonius, a Roman physi- .c
cian. The book had been bequeathed -t
to a convent and was stolen by Al- gn
h cyonius,.who used all he could in his
own works and destroyed the original.
l The passages he stole, however, were d,
so much better than his own writings col
r suspicion was at once roused and the be
Stheft detected. sel
,0 -Miss Lucy Garnett is given a pen
,o sion of five hundred dollars a year by pe
t the British government in recognition mý
11 of her literary merit and to enabte her m,
to prosecute her researches in oriental
?r folklore. Nliss Margaret Stokes also
0 receives five hundred dollars for her
. researches into early Christian art and th
r archnCology in Ireland, and Mrs. Cash- re
r el ioey two hundred and fifty dollars av
Lo for her novels.
t. -Senator Turpie's method of niding w
me his constituents to get office was shown U1
recently in Washington when lie was
requested by an applicant to go to one «'
of the departments and look after his he
11 appointment. "I have no carriage," 51
to said Senator Turpie, "and I don't in- in
11 tend to walk." "I will get the carriage or
id for you," said the ofticeseeker. Andlt
he soon placed one at the senator's dis
°O posal. To the surprise of the Hoosier
re ofliceseeker Senator Turpie climbed in- O
rn to the carriage and closed yae door. .4
to leaving the ofliceseeker standing out- b:
' side. When the latter attempted to tb
ýd get into the carriage Senator 'urnrie
id said sharply: "I won't go unless I can to
go alone."
re HUMOROUS.
-The milk of human kindness is not if
ot all cream--Galveston News. It
ag -It. is hard to convince the young O1
,et that 'lime has not hung up his scythe t
a and gone to sleep. )i
he -Jillson says he hasl noticed that the 3'
ne ihufman hog is nearly alwayspigheaded.
at -Buffalo Courier.
re -He-"i)o you believe in such a
ty thing as love at first sight?" She
ng "Certainly. A hasty glance does not I
dliscover imperfections."-Boston Tran
de script.
' '-' guess Plunkit'sfathermustha re
1O died and left him an enormous for
Ic' tune." "How do you know?" "Well.
se I've seen the plumbers up at his house
tr twice."-Inter-Ocean.
re, -She-"Should you die, are you op- t
posed to my remarrying'?" Ie-"No.""
She -"VWhy not?" lle-"W'hy should
be solicitous about the welfare of a fel
Ler low Ill never know?"-- ife. -
W. "I am really at a loss," said the young
er- minister, "to know why you did not
ad like my last sermon. Didn't you con
ad sider my arguments sound?" "Yes,"
she replied: "cxclusively."-Washing
ny ton Star.
as ---The Sage-"In choosing a wife,
id. young mian, you must not look for
'et beauty alone." Youth-"Of course
ps not. It is the other kind of a girl that
Ic, one may expect to find alone."-Indian
vs. ;polis Journal
ike -Citizen--"Wcll, you have nice
will weather, winter pasture. not too much
a rain, and stock is thriving: what have
iro you to complain of this winter?" Far
mer '(promptly)--"Aw, the wheat. the
ar- wheat! 'otenough snow!"-Cleveland
of Pl aindealer.
ug, -In the garden of a certain noble
iti- man's country house there happened to
or he fixed up at different spots painted
hs, loards with this request: "Please do
at- not pick the flowers without leave."
Some wag got a paint brush and added
an an "s" to the last word.
ly, --Host-"I hate to send you out in
ex- such a blustering night as this. old fel
en- low." Guest-"JJt is raining pretty
m- hard. I say, counTn't you loan me your
rl umbrella?" llost.--"CUertainly; and-er
for -T guess 1:l3 walkl home with you my
self-I really ineed the exercise."
us- -"Yes," said Gibley, "it came pretty
eir near being a wedding between Miss
.sh- Bly and me: but she said there was one
her tling 1 lacked. I asked her what that
eir one thing was, and she said: "Don'task
nld me; you'll call me mercenary.' So 1
so didn't press her."--Roston Transcript.
--"I always suspected that cashier',"
rds said a member of the board of direc
on- tors. "Maybe he'll turn up," said an
Ich other. "You can't always judge a
est man by his appearance?" "K'o. But
his in a case like this it is pretty safe to
to judge him by his disappearance."
Wl- Washington Star.
end -He was a fine doctor.-there was no
denying that-but sometimes he said
ads things that made people wonder. A
nd patient with a fever recently com
be plained of thirst, and he said to her:
ave "W\ell, quench it. Yonucan drink water.
alL or ten, or most anything, so long as it's
be a liquid."f-Harper's BaSzar.
re- -'Col. Brown," remarked a chappie,
"- is the finest after-dinner speaker I
know of." "Why," said his friend, In
ich some astonishment, "I never heard he
ant had any ability in that direction at
his all." "Well, he has; I've dined with
eet him several times at various places,
'o and after dinner he always say;
1 'That's all right, my boy; i'll p8y for
'ir a th'"-Deatroit Fre rese
Highest of all in Leavening Power.-Latest U. S. Gov't Repotr
A,S UKLY PUREm
WIT AND WISDO1M.
- A fool sometimes builds his house''
of books.---am's Horn.
-It is the duty of an employc to I
know more about his work than he ex
pects to do. -Railroader.
-When a man boasts of his bad hab- ,
its, you may be pretty sure that they a
are the best he has.-Detroit Journal
-Original sin was the cause of the
fall ,of man, and now when a man falls
it is the cause of a good deal of original
sin.--Binghamton Republican.
-Hc-What would you do if I were a
to kiss you? She-Are you very curi
ous to know? He-Very. She-Well, I
you might try-and see!-Boston Trav
eller.
--le (inslnuatingly)-I can not re
form without help. 1 need some guid
ing star. She (eurtly)-You wouldn't
if you were not out so much at night.
Vogue.
--Jeweler-Bow do you like your
alarm clock? Customer-First rate.
Jeweler-You didn't seem pleased with
it at first. Customer-N-o; but it's
broken now.-Tit-Bits.
-The Angel.-"What day in all your
life, darling, is the sweetest in your
.cemory? The Brute-O, I don't know
I -the tirst time I beat the races, I
guess. -Detroit Tribune.. -
S16 World's Pair Photos for it.
These beaut4ful pictures are now ready for
delivery in tea complete parts-it pictures
comprising each part-and the whole set can
be secured by the payment of One Dollar,
sent to Geo. H. HIEAFroRD, General Passen
ger Agent, Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul
Railway, Chicago, Ill., and the portfolios of
r pictures will be sent, free of expense, by
mail to subscribers.
Remittances should he made by draft,
money order, or registered letter.
RrSSELL,. four years of age. Was sailing
down the Columbia river with a party of
friends. He was much interested n evcr-
t thing he saw, and at length ventured this
remark: "Papa, I think this boat must have
 awful long feet to walk in this water."
BE careful of your language when talking
with the elevator boy; he is apt to take you
up very quickly.-Boston Bulletin.
5 Flaecid :tuseles Grow Strong,
e Weak attenuated frames acquire sound,
g healthy flesh, woe begone. hollow faces fill
out and become cheerful when Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters is used as a stomachic to
a- improve digestion and assimilation. More
e over, it cures bilious and kidney trouble, and
d protects the system against malaria and
chronic rheumatism. Use it systematically.
r A ~IENTUCKT parson has just lost a bet of
_ ten dollars that his daughters didn'tdance.
One of the girls admitted that she had
• 's:.hiottisched once across the parlor and
L- back," whereupon the parson handed over
o the money.--Kansas City Star.
C "WHAT do you think of the drinking wa
n ter heret" lr. Bluegrass--"Oh, it makcs a
very refreshing bath."-Inter Ocean.
A BAD TEMPER
t generally accompanies a torpid liver and
indigestion. An in-door life often brings on
this conditio ; there follows anaemia, or lack
of blood, frequently another worse effect
that of Dyspepsia. Dr. Pierce's Golden Metd
e cal Discovery is the restorative tonic and
liver invigorator which will positively cure
me just such cases.
SMrs. F. A.ORR.of ronr
SIndlres tlon. I it had
Snot. been for Dr. Pierce's
! ýcry and Pleassut Pellets
I- firmly believe I would
.r. for nothing did me any
re -good until - began tak
in. g them. The Discor
Scry" oleo cured my child
- of night-sweat and a
weaL stomaeh wnhic
e - w a f ollowed an ;attack of
Pneumonia. We cannot
Mrs. F. A O. O .piem your medicines
P- too highly." Sold by all medicine dealer.
r PIERCE .a .CURE
l1- oa ,.os4EY RET URrND.
Young Wives..
WHO ARE FOR THE FIRST TIME TO UNDERGO
WOMAN'S SEVEREST TRIAL, WE OFFER
- 6 "'lothers' Friend"
A remedy which, if used as directed a few weeks before con
finement, robs it of its Pain, Horror and Risk to Life of both
mother and child, as thousands who have used it testify.
" I used two bottles of 'MOTHERS' FRIEND' with MARVELOUS RESULTS,
and wish every woman who has to pass through the ordeal of child-birth
to know If they use 'MoTHERS' FRIEND' for a few weeks it will rob con
finement of faim and sufering and insure safety to life of mother and
chil-Mas. SAM HAMILTON, Eureka Springs, Ark.
Book to Mothers mailed free containing voluntary testimonials.
Selt b Depress araEe prepa on r t + ~_roe r1BOJer bottle.
5. bs 14 res. - - - BRRADB>$D T REGULATOR CO., AsWLArT, GA.
SA-lowuNGSuccEss.
FAI RBAN KC
CLAIRETTE
SOAP
OwE ITS REPUTATION AND
SUCCESS TO ITs OWN
IT I/MEIRITS.
1 IS PURE., UNADULTERATEDlAND FOR
RAPID CLEANSING PbWER HAS NOEQUAL.
IT IS INVALUABLEIJN IITCHEN & LAUNDRY.
SOLD BY ALL GROCERS.
NKKFAIRBAN K & CO*
ST. LOUIS.
:~· f;·;13·~?; ~ te·-vpsýi·ýNý aLC :·
A Trooe man calls his cook Misery, be
cause she loves company. - Philadelphia
Record.
AcToRs, Vocalists, Public Speakers praise
Hale's Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
"THAT changes the complexion of tbhngs,"
mused Wigwag, as he gazed at his wife's
dressing case.-Philadelphia Record.
No SAFER REMEDY can be had for Coughs
and Colds, or any trouble of the Throat, than
"Brown's Bronchial Troches." Price, 25 cta.
Tas girl who can skate has a good tiime
but the girl who is learning has her hand
squeezed the tightest.-Atchison Globe.
Bs srmn to read advertisement ea Plant
Seed Co.. an old reliable frm.
AN open mouth closes the ears.-Ram's
Horn.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the nee&s of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pare liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
i in the form most acceptable and pleas
' ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ntive; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
Sand permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
i neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
f every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
I gistsin 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
L and being well informed, you will not
a accept any substitute if offered.
WSI S 80 ACRES
Fine Farming Land
LAND -I
Phillips Co., Wisaonsin,
Will Be SOLD st a BARGAIN.
For Sale. " :"'"."-* "
Ely's Cream Balm
S Cleanses the Nasal
Passages, Allays Pain
s and Inflammation,
aRestores the Sense of
Taste and Smell.
Heals the Sores.
A v Ballm i Pnto eacb notril.
a ELIY nItOS.. 66WWrren St.. N.Y.
Wall Papers!
SlSend 6-cnts vote... wt11n on. thelargest lnd
s leat selected line of eam ~le$ at lo-eS t prices In L'. S.
PARQUti FLOORS--ook ot Detigln. ,nslled on
app~ication. NEWCtrIBH H1L4.. 5?. LIJUIS. MO.
Oft wje"
Ammetllr wubts envahlm elte- ý . r riitmeo!Sll
*umiwll tlathebM. Ithe an ci cernei diAN ifml
1'Nwad hrtme 1b ast t seepsU eInme trals
-tu ctc ie t tho A km l
u hoimdcs i them a1ftaloawotd pugtte
-ter Sod1 chpe Mat si treehe, m weeteetR
ohm". .sm ,uujo emYr or t eUr.. _ l .n
othesri lm fot whih we. will accept thee
"is lact esymest. OWO will he .
as re weuir feels wcntiate he hoi Oat
Thehird St U +emmt t e l C
rag alc l kl sef mw a owertha ord ý1 bu
saws cad ear 7ststse sew.Tess D
h c t m e w Ibis w!J's trkee. s les, CIte
forfetmMc?11110 ASiA tee
rntremwit ayohiers tow .c c eoLsasg
elo . where we maoewet sco. cieto mehe
rdtLutluiBrf, S 1'01~frr11 l
src....,l ,h.,....,,, ,,' ...
bhmlroetncte, ode tcotia .etd thecLij'td
i m to In pa t wh iemr I t Lott Uiclstoer .
thlsea i e bes hsere el ets f e( c lcYae
whis l e your ,etosoer o llr meioe ., -;t.O
Sww wil hoe a inthornera liht s ot.l
mak yen a~e offr
-Te pmet coc thbh o _btoaomc
t ' ---rW Lhivil ·aanotd MWW
rd ru r~h r cr~L e sad basins do-S
p .o ccas ol.s waoen oftShtO
o i t i  at o t hnte iLe
vevits~ Biolthe ony /foetbinborl €OUNiU8 hew
ol The for- Y.oot
086. i the poMi
aou nllio umis ·
Co mart: t
Sorinr1s Min
Vi·toL
Crosnrr
Ce· the
, t itso formar
or1e. tee we
den .c entof Otrt
1ic. handIs cun
ho sehoorie slkTOt?
low ptices t which w eil
r Rra sst o its  rt , me
steel Windmill. sa th
Town. sd4 , talie ctportert
meom rt. the moot ttm
t sa rl st cot a it.AIs orTZ
yt til poible he earsi f0t
0050 03 mob outft. nd sthel few ents
c·UI&e th tee rmotor Co. to Ir.of e 4i"ly
Ltedmoela m se from the serice It hee ot
arot a pose. numbht of eoplsoad f rom the ride
i taho in dicog well waterer it pets its hsen to.
thL ftra the moey it mthe sfromi oIs eterpnoi.
Thin yeer. bhas"o tt bys its materiaI ioro ohesPly and a.
t01 cm cootu5l ioers ton its ver, grorwing bucine. 0
ethr itepcrroe oet rrr Icoce toth erccil~rf octqelit
trteplaede in theerottr tCM oi ",ool Temerm. 1.0c
compoiying diagram.2 1.2n2 1'2 shtow the smallest arete
shot will he coat by It in the corner potts of Treors. eoren fo
th i-fL wheel. For the 10-ft. we usa. w To r o tecs
WA TE BAKE &snsPs CO, rr U· il ~s
eHof ir. lea Te00m. iehd.rclld sot wry straight A adrdse
are sow 5.lag tedUWt s woumotsh Othrs Dwp o htese)
tow tons. snd Ithboro ls oaerc spply.e of comi2 alhich
they wingfor lt.. 10-f.. sod eveo for l2ftV heet, w.0ill
tdthis paragraph mesh surprise and orrow, since*-a ease no
Wrterorlstd's otttooootumb~oi
Ppleiinl. 51,0.0 themany inormation conoeotrning Ithe
The lothomoor Co. poproe to dthstoit-. o0l IQ IN. I
ofOnAlior tt bctt ma rrittto by the wilt, con or saught .
of Ca frmer or user of aewindmrill, Otootric thoqrtense..
t "" IUiOUGU 117" As £IA310"3I. For cooditiono, T
comttottitt soad amountl andnu mobeso ot prizes aod forpar
ttiloaroto lbs Artrmotot Co.. Chtcao. or tA. its broctr-.- t Sae
-reOc.aosoe eCity. inDoln. Neb.,t Soux City, lowa. Eta.
Fsrpolo cod .o.td out6 poiok. All Stce. N oolIt Osteody.Ator
Cototpingo. d etirortd fe on t ers st Chi1r cotd shippet to
FR KEN TThis
IBOUlldVO1U1UC
Soribner's IIMagazi
-I BUTagE, r
"NEW f rbsoertbr to
for - l &O fo. who wtll
t tend MI reme Sitr.
to coter postoae.
How to lst This
Bound Volume.
. Rrof~t to odiNrs too h
- 51'$.3.Stt that
f(IN URen in tSU S pr
anal tr f arte nort
Si~,fOr oulr yplgrseinntotg
with, fh curroent (sus
p. . (tl. Pothzrttcte tn
"traet.d) nnd'o ntT B
t - bet found teumo e.
th rThe boot will b re t
npy to 10 tthO Ot fabr it ee the titm of tubetrting.
GDIIIRLE& SORIBMER'S SONS,
.743 Broadway, New York.
WALTER BAKER & CO,
COCOA and
CHOCOLATE
Highest Awards
( (,cs ora sDeeiplo r m)
tod Wor~lds oCo~umis
stoExposition.al
l0 ( ttheWod following oloiey,'.
- - BREAKFAST COCCI.
TREYIU No. I CMOCLATEU
S CERIAI SWEET CHUOCOLATE.
-ANJILLA CHOCOATE,
COCOA UTTER,
For '"ptrtty of matrrlsl,"
"lliracelnet lavor." and Au
0orm rvn compt Cltlon."
SOLD BY CROOLERS EVERYWMER.
WALTER BAKER & CO., DORCHESTER, MA $.
R ELIABLE
INSURE SUCCETSS
A COMPLETE CATALOGUE
of11 alStautapt Var-iettroa d Ito mnewthleaec monOt
malted lree to 511 iottrerttd to Vlewrcyr zardeateev
Fsrmtow. Yo wirll outbo disoppoiutod en the oltl.
er eltsllO~a ef seeds. Our bucitiecs to etood the
led of 9 esre.r PLAN? SEED COMPANY,
l11, NIdh stmStreet.  n T. ROnIs. MeO.
S tY. L. DOUGLLAS 53 53110
eqascuttool work, cooling front
-1 inuu rs va bstrlue for the enotto
Na~old ~me 004 price
sta~I1mped on the bottom. yr
Spair araoted. Tke no s Jbl
- utc. Stelocsl poprs foCL.el
v decriptionof our complete
lines for ledies and gen
Wk . 110mm, or trod for II
* sloo atrid Cafsiogu.
dew by mall. Posttage fre.Yo can gCet the beet
bargains of dealers who posh our chaos.
rAS YOU JNWZLUZ~ SOW
T#EEE Y11lK1 STAIIARD WrATCH,
lbsh Beut I. the Wet-I eto the flemY."
AND WHITE IY)O US OW
'IIIMEO STORY FIRST WATCHI
Ar beautiol Illuomtrae bo.cp:·oSLe wrIttub
Amertce'cceoet dotltnguloheie coussod dsuhbotres. ce
FREE. RIrhly eetereitntog sad iruotuotlee a idtlree
NIEW YORK STADARLD WATLCH CORPANT
IS $ohn Street New ·teak.
*m m m W~dynmrrwt
poe
-, I
K.t. ., F. t488~
rrw RaitING To AVYZeTI533S PL5A
esot 9he #.dinc~ s · CrY·~~e