ý , 1
Qou-o hseesadowed two 0
''bies"' shelter It New wi
ithe beds always be needfoer A
ost uninterea+tng children.
ly Command which socom- * I
:gift.
Mc . 1Dm-w, who took
et- interest in Ml subjects re- FO
" the training of children, was
inexorably _opposed to fairy H
She -believed in simply written
and iastructive games. T
Pyoungest telegraph operator f
is itUtle Enpbra, the five-year- Aw
i a tghte"r of Mr. and Mrs. E. N. W
Dia, of West Point. Ga. The dsild
ian been about the ofBce a great dest
and qufekly picked up the Morse "A
alphabet. She can call up other op- W
eirators, a di geoeives messages with Th
remarkable accuracy.
RImeoing a souwee of PerMi
mamer is near when the kidneys grow in- It
-actve. The source of peril is removable
with estetter's Stomach Bitters, which Co
unquestionably averts Bright's disease, dia- m
bsetes , rvel and other ruinous malsdies I
pttrribirtrb e in the frst instance, to a dore
4g _t cdtion of the kidneys and bladder.
b heaslthult maulse to the performance of
I:;a+Hs funcet2abla these organs is speedily
oemmunicated by the Bitters, which like
wise removes constipation, malaria, liver
trouble and dyspepsia.
In Is truthfully remarked that the tramp
probably puts more sole into his profession
than many men of even higher aspirations.
-Hatchet.
SPur~ s are inexpressibly mortifying.
bRemedy--Glenn's Sulphur Soap.
Hill's Har end Whisker Dye, 80 cents.
Tan sayinr that man wants but little here
below doesn t apply to the card player. He
always wants good dea-Bufl B o Courser.
Nanvous and bilious Disorders, sick bead
ache, indigestion, loss of appetite and con
stipation removd by eecham's Pills.
Swellings in the Nook
Or goitre, made my e
neck fully twice its natu
rao size. For three years
all my strength seemed
to go into the swelling, Bi
and I was reduced from co
as5 to 89 pounds. I in
took Hood's Sarsap- gl
rlls, which gave me
strength, relieved dis
tress i my stomach, and It
best of all, entirely re- Mfrs. wiaef hi
moved the goitre. I am now in the beat of el,
health, weigh 195 pounds, and tell everyone
what wonders Hood's Sarsaparilla has done for
me." Mar. H. C. Swi]mroaD, Union County, i
imfinbur. Pa. la
Hood's Pills act easily, yet promptly. to
in
8t
I It
ClfQt D IARRHmA,
S'YSENTERY, it
CHOLERA INFANTUM,
AFFECTOliOoFTHE BOWELS.
OxroSDn LA., July i. ,855 y
Ceutlemen :-We have used your Brodie's Coa
dial in our family for some time pt. and re C
perfectly -atisfird with it.s effects. Would not e
willingly do without it. Relspectfull_. ii
J. I. iolsnwOn.
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS. h
PRICE, s00. and 61.00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CO.
ew Orlseaus. Lam.
"German
Syrup" e
My niece, Emeline Hawley, was,
taken with spitting blood, and she "
became very much alarmed, fearing I
that dreaded disease, Consumption. t
She tried nearly all kinds of medi- I
cine but nothing did her any 'good.
Finally she took German Syrup and
she told me it did her more good
than anything she ever tried. It I
stopped the blood, gave her strength
and ease, and a good appetite. I I
had it from her own lips. Mrs. I
-Mary A. Stacey, Trumbull, Conn.
Honor to German Syrup.
Unlike the Dutch Process
No Alkalies
Other Chemicals~
are used in the
preparstion of
W. BAKER & CO.'S
Cst~ocoa
eAfeS ah es ehetelt
pure sad aoeubte.
has mrasthrn thrse timeS
thi trenglts of Cocoa mired
with Starch, Arrowroot or
gr. and is far more ecu
e is d oudeahng, and scein
Sel e by re r o errewas.
eea. Aseapt s PICe.
The r"onge t and pu rest Lye
made. Unlike other Le itbeing
make the bA perWumed .ard
igA 1PI~KO
binges
'IP I~~et?,
Ma e share the avmy pe alert ahde ess. t
-*Ua lds,5 us when we sit and54 :t be . hr_ halm
ithink that thisis what theioeswold wc .
"Why stand + adio looking t the skies. I di
Or bdnding o'er the hiding earth in vain. ertb
with voices antre and Hwan ear and erth ire a
LiThe trosght wi than death. eled. rise,
And shaee the hopt es i hat whot dis bes.
"Wor ik oull your in darkeest shaendure te t
May share the same great gladness if we ho0
he hour will not be lon nthewe
For joy and grief and Heave and mearth are out '
qul and rone to thoee sit Ona tridg o he
old upbl their heasrts blessed cups for God to er
The drughnk t which men vo 'deat would . and
Lot us thendrinkSus the drau, ht-yn there. I the
here-r
"And smile, secure that each has what is best, pea
Be glad for me, as I am glad for you. tro
Work out your day like men, endure the test Cho
The hours will not be long till in the west
The reddening sun shall sink, and work be
through.certain south- e
If a dear voirhich was to many dwn, so e
And failed SIW faltered but the other day, got
Could rech us when e sit eand lonrs to hear, ali
And bless us, asit blessed for many a year.
I think that this is wh snk voiceng ould sar-. fl
-Susan Coolidge in S S. Times he
orb
1"- gaudily paint- tol
teelle of m
siners, an
ýý noý
HERist who E can e ta very kel
certain south- kec
ernsmall, whetown,some dr
years ago, a dressed
in somber b spankingfour- do]
gloyhorse team an'hat
'i drawing a
gaudily paint- tril
ed wagon, ha-in ba
I n g an occn- wu
tette of male ryletters, the inscription: "y
singers an c- thi
companist who performed on a very 'ro
small, wheezy melodeon, a German er
comedian, and a doctor;" all dressed tin
in somber black coats and wearing 'lo'
glossy silk hatshe exhibition. It beinme
The horses were gayly cparortion of thedin as
semowblyng white banners, which bore, in pah
south usge red etters, the inscription: "Cy- sec
clone Oil for Man and Beast." This ex- op'
plineg and the business of the visitors and ax
i and the comediately drew a large crowd of vil- an
lage loafers to the courthouse square do
ut witness the ex"dochibition. It being or" arose to sell his
Saturday, a greater portion of the as- be
sembly were country folk, who in the n
south use that day principally for trad- lic
ing and loafing when they come to tmark
town. The songs transported the audi- thcu
lnce, and the comedian, in a ridiculous a
mate-up and costume, convulsed them; do,
grebut when the asdotorled arose to seby this tot
thwares, andgot well started in his ad- thl
dress,his and opience stood ith bulginish a
ing with rapt attention to his remarks. yv
Some showed by their manner that they ay
idwere seriously impressed, and knowing wi
looks who hauld be exchanged when some thi
great truth wan hurled at them by this m4
vender of a cheap life-saving balm, -i
"wihands thrust deep in the price of each and every hi
one" ispoweanrs a a breechespeaker were to co
p them supreme, and when he had fin- lei
ished and opened his satchel"to furnish ge
suin!"ering humanity his thares, Mark eatest
Tidwrecommell a long, lan, dallow-skinned bio
nhative, who had been standing with his hi
hands thrust deep in the pockets of his pig
yellow ean breeches, nowds turned to a fo
companion andsaid: this preDoggoneus my catsid of a
d of that feller don't beat Vanceer speak- wi
wrapped in pink paper containingdi
ren'" tions for use, and, as the grchatest Ied,
threommendation t "doctor" andcould said:
have had in thcse mountains.
Uplifted hands stretched forth their
in ymoney to receive this precious fluin of a
dark reddish hue, in very small vials,
e goowrapped in pink paper ontsini be drneg di
rections for use, and, an they purchased,
emad room for the outer ones, who
were clamoring for an opportunity to
bay. Mark finally edged his way to
The "doctor" a and said:
"Jedge, I sw'ar that war a good talk-vereign
in' ye give, an' sf this hyar med'cin' is
es good es yer talkin', I'll jis' be durned
of don't try r bottle of hit"every bot
The "doctor" assured him that it
e itwould cure anything that ever af sicted
g man or beast; that it was a sovereign
remedy for stubborn maladies, and if
i_ properly used according to the direc
tions accompanying each and every bot
tie it would restore the hair to a side of
sole leather. Mark was convinced, and
d slowly pulled from the depths of his
[t pocket a well-worn wallet, resembling
: a slab of old-fashioned gingerbread,
I and, after unwinding a quantity of t
s. shoestring from about it, produced his f
Smoney, and then departed for his home a
with his purchase, loud in his praise of e
the "doctor's" ability as an orator. to a 1
neighbor who jogged dlong on his mule
beside him.
The foregoing happened in the
spring.
As the heat of the summer increased.
so did the visitors to the mountains, and
gay equipages thronged the drives.
One day, however, a gentleman,
came to this resort who brought with 1
him his coach, which soon became I
known far and wide among the vil
lagers as the tally-ho, being the only
on ever seen in that vicinity. So one 1
afternoon, as the tally-ho was bowling
Salong the principal street, Afilled with
r beautiful women and handsome men, 1
SMark Tidwell was once more standing
Sin front of the courthouse square-it
being Saturday-and as he spied the
coach rumbling toward him down the
Srough street he vehemently exclaimed
to the bystanders:
"E 'Dad burn th' hide of me ef hyar don't
a cum thet ile chap ergin!"--and without
further words he picked up a large
stone and, as thecoach passed him.
an heaved it with all his might at the ve
Shicle. It struck just above the door
rd and splintered that side of the coach,
Smaking a hole-as one of the loafers
h expressed it-"big ernuf for er ca'f ter
Sjump through."
SThe occupants on top of the coach
were in a high state of excitement and
~alarm. The gentlemen all sprang down
and ran toward Mark to inquire into
ot the cause of this indignity, when Mark
reached for another stone, and bhoute4d
as be sprang high in the air, cracking
his heels together as he came dorh:
"Stan' back, yer sneakin', white-liv
ered bnasards! Ef yer lay yer han' on
me I'll bonnce this hyar rock of'n th'
top-knot of one o' ye! Back hyar ergin,
airyet With yer chones an' yer doe
L terin', an' er sellin' yer dad-blnged
pirel tor folks whr can't read." -
Mark had made a terrible mistake in
his men, for the owner of the eoaoh,
¶.01 Iornwn in the gmantalas'-ea to
-ae eeognised his riend, sad Ui. -ag
humility was very sinesp sahe said f sir
"'Why, Lord-love ye, yernel. I sw'ar
I didn't 'low 'twas youns whar was ale
ertop o' thet thar thing. Yew see, I Ate
hasn't jLs' nateherly gut over thet pise
hie feller whar cam darn nigh or put- be
tin' of me in th' buryin'-groan' with his him
pesky staff, what wasn't Atten ter put
on er dog, much lesen er.man, an' I we
bed m' min' so sot on or layin' of him trio
out whenst neo' I see him, thet when
youns fust lriv up I 'low'd 'twus him, Is
an' so I Sung thet air rock; but she war o 1
er leetle heavy an' fell lower than I
cackerlated-but fur thet you'd or ben hor
petered by now, I reckon. Bull bet
squar' thet hole in thar, kyernel, I 
sw'ar 1 will," he continued, pointing to the
the damage his "'rock" had caused.
"But Mark," said the colonel, "such a
pastime as this will get you into
trouble, even if practiced on the 'lle
chap.' What has he done to you?" i
"Wa-al," replied Mark, as he grinned pl
sheepishly, "I don't much like to tell
ge,fellers, seein' as how it's sich a durned
good joke on me, but it happened erbout mu
like this:
"Ye see, I war standin' list'nin' to or
feller whsr had slycoon ile ter sell, an' FPr
he made sich a powerful survigrus talk
erbout pollyticks an' 'ligion an' sich, ha
tell he gut me kinder het up like, an' th
whensthecummenced ter talkerboutlit- 'A
tie allin's an' small pains er carryin' of I1
people off, I begin to git one in the hol
ler of my back, an' the mo' he talked sac
the worse I begin ter feel, tell furst wI
S news I know'd he hollered out thet vi:
de'th an' dest'ucksion wus agwine to bo
a keteh up with airy man whar didn't take
L- keer of hlsse'f, an' jis' then an' thar 1 po
a drapped my stick o' candy in the sand, ne
a fur I paid the skunk er quarter of er ca
doller, gut er bottul o' his pizen truck pa
n an' lit out fur home. ph
a "I crawled in the bed that night an' na
- tried to shake off thet misery in m'
back, but, bless yer soul 'n body, it O'
L- wudn't be shuck wuth cr cent, so in the e
mornin' the old 'ooman give me er cur- MI
e ryin' with thet doggone ile, an' the nex' ""1
thing I know'd the misery was a rarin' wi
y 'round in mer stummick. I tak a dram Oc
a er licker er sich a matter two or three
i times. Then the 'ole 'oomani up an' in
t 'low'd mebbe thet slycoon ile wud do
me sum good (she kin read a bit, but I l
a can't), so she taken ther red wrappin' sa
a paper frum erroun' the bottul an' bit cc
sed sumthin' like ths: 'Continner the pj
c- op'rashin till the paiu ceathest.' I
d axed her whut wus the meanin' of hit, m
L- an' she 'low'd thet op'rashin war the it
e doctor's word fur a-drinkin' of it. So I
g jis' then an' thar pintedly grabbed the M1
s- bottul o' med'cin' an' dreened it at one
ie swig-an' when thet stuff lit stop o' the tl
I- licker I had tuk hit felt like two er n
o three of these hyar box-cars soun's er n
i- cummin' together when the engine is
is a-shiftin' of em down hyar to the A
; deepo, an' jis' then my inards
is took a fary I jumped nine foot in q
1- the air an' cum down in er heap, like
" a chimbly thet hed been blowed down
a- by the win' an' thet licker an' thet ile i
a. wudn't mix no way I cud fix it. I sash- i
y ayed to the right an' swung cornders d;
Lg with the side o' the cabin, turned over t
ie the ash-hopper an' spilt lye all over ce
is mer dogs--whar wus a lyin' under thar st
n, -an' set 'em to howlin' like five
'y hund'ed; made my way through the g
to corn-patch on my shoulder-blades, an' P
a- let' a furrer thar like a harrer had n
h gone plum through hit hitched ter er o
rk yoke o' oxins; stood on my head in the I
d big road an' made -a man's mule throw e
is him, stampeded the cattle an' set the f'
is pigs ter squeelin' an' goin' on like durn- ti
a fool pigs do when they gits sheered. The ti
ts chillen gut ter cryin' an' the ole 'ooman
k- wus a-blowin' the horn fur help. while if
at I wus a-layin' full length in the spring- a
Ld branch with sumthin' in my stummick t'
f
othet felt like four foot af barbed-wre
a liver an' sica
out er bit an' then iy back like a two
Is dollar clocik spring. Then the tacks
routd. Then the glass would all fall
to
to
me isback ergin.
of "Thet thing kep' up tell the oie
o millon-seed te inter m' frame with a
f at the moutb sfme's er mad dog.
ot ittle, an' the man war got lung by his
in mule met me one day soon arterwards
tanhe gouged thlke rleft eye mighty nigh out
uo s me an' eune plrty nigh a-beatin' of
e of me, or he wud of done it. Buhat the
wrst thing ofe the whole biuness wa s,
o athe dosin', my own dog didn't know me
h an"r whirled in an' gnawed a hole in my
leg the size o' a pint qup.
te "TAn' thet's why I teung the rock,
kyern'l, an Iosw'ar to goodness I didn't
Sknow 'twn s yeou, an' thought mebby i a
d hed guato my chance at the ale shap, f-r
he driv four eritters a' so did y'ou, a'the
r "But Ill squar' therhole in thet wal
enbrgin, et I don't, dtr; me!" he concluded,
ing moving o, ht oa' tw owner of rthe
i mated vehicle, mueh amused at thid
th just grievance, wondered how nhe would
do it.-Charles E. Shober, in " Frank
the Leslie, a aNewspaper. g
ged Aunt Jemima. "The big storm in l8
ne mnny the opaer says, carried evwaer
tre o inmbef ore it." "kaely every thea
nob Jeminm," said Uncle Reft/.in, "It )ent
t ens( "l thsine itw "-penk .
-There isathing quits - imnteaest'
flag in this world aa other people's a.
h'a.-P-cL k. d
-While a man is watching his en-n
mies his friends get away with him.-
Atchison Glob.
-Many a thought appears profound yolk
beeause tha writer didn't explain it to ter x
himsel.-Truth. t
-We made our worst mistake when
we begin to correct the mistakes of our witi
friends.- lmira Gasette. poW
-An amateur would never take part ooL
in a concert if he didn't believe he could Hon
do better than he really can.
-" That young Muchdast has lots of
horse sense." '" How's that?" " Never the.
bets a dollar on 'em."-Bufalo Courier. one
-With dudes asplentiful as they. are, es
the average society girl ought to know and
a soft thing when she sees it.-Troy a to
Press. ferr
-Teaches-'" When water becomes Las
ice, what is the great change that takes ing
place?" Pupil-" The change in price." Hoc
-Detroit Tribune.
-How He Won Her.-Lady-" How for
much are your strawberries?" HBuck- lare
ster-"T Two pints to the quart." Lady Thi
-"Give me allyou have."-Detroit Free oniu
Press. hal
--Vho are those girls playing four- cup
handed pieces on the piano?" "One of son
them is the daughter of the hostess." till
"'And her . accomplice?" - Fliegende bot
Blaetter. Cov
-A Paradox - Sometimes men -
achieve a reputation for modesty wit
which argues such advertising of that per
virtue as might astonish a large bill- cle
r board.--Judge. the
-A line in one of Lewis Morris' mil
poems says: "The old thoughts shall ma
never more be thought." Mr. Morris sal
can never get the snpport of the funny poi
I papers for the laureateship on such a doi
platform as that.-Indianapolis Jour- ace
naL it.
--Uncle Clover (hearing music at (
t Chinese theater)-"Mandy, I guess we ma
better not go in just yet awhile."- fra
lMandy-"Why not?" Uncle Clover- me
"Well, I guess 'they're havin' trouble he
with the bees' swarming." - Inter- tax
Ocean. so0
--He-"What is that awful girl play- sex
InR?"' She-"You horrid man! She is tim
playing one of Mendelssohn's 'Songs -x
Without Words.'" He-"It's a thou- spi
i sand pities that the great Felix didn't jel
t compose some songs without sound."- be
e Pittsburgh Bulletin. La
I -Mrs. Winterwheat-"W\hat's the
matter with the horse car, Jube, that de
e it don't come along?" Mr. Winter- Be
wheat (of Hush Center, Kas.)-"Hush! po
lMariar, er the folks 'ill hear ye. It ad
e tain't a horse ker, but one of them su
e there cables. She'll be here direckly sa
now, fer b' gosh! I've just dropped a or
nickel in the slot."-World's Fair Puck. it
is fo
a A SLEEPY OLD VIRGINIA TOWN. ha
is sa
Wn here. a Nastle Says, Nothing Has Moved p
Since the War.
n "I consider Alexandria, Va., the dead
Le est town in the United States," re
x- marked a WVashington man the other
a day to a Tribune reporter. "No doubt 0o
r there are worse places to live in, but
;r considering its opportunities-it is only
ir six miles from Washington-Alexan- it
e ria really takes the palm for non-pro
xe gressiveness. Thirty years ago the
a' population was a trifle larger than it is
d now, and ten years ago there was a line hi
;r of surface cars in the principal street.
ae I suppose the population grew too lazy i
v even to ride in a street car, however, m
xe for the cars are gone now and forgot
a- ten, except for a bit of track here and b
le there.
n "'Last fall I went over to Alexandria
Le from Washington one evening to make G
- acall. It was dark, and Icouldn't see h
;k the numbers on the houses. After a E
fruitless search for some ten minutes
along the silent street I noticed a mid- i
dle-aged man calmly smoking a pipeon
the front steps of a house a few doors
away.
* 'I beg prrdon,' I said as politely as
I could, 'but will you kindly tell me f
which way the numbers run on this
street?
"lHe took his pipe out of his mouth, r
slowly knocked out the ashes, and said: a
'Just got ter town?' f
" 'Well, yes,' I replied, a little sur
prised.
" 'Evenin' boat?'
" 'Yes.'
"' What number yer lookin' for?'
" 'Forty-nine.'
" 'It's the other side, four doors be
low.'
"1 thanked him and turned to go.
• 'Hold on a minnit, he called; what e
did you say about numbers runnin'?'
" 'I asked which way they ran in this
street,' I said.
ire ''Well, they don't run, he rejoined,
ill fumbling around for a match; 'they
Sdon't even walk. There hain't nothing I
run in this town sence the war!' "-N.
Y. Tribune.
en Early Purchases of the Indlmas.
S Capt. West in the year 1610 bought
at the present site of Richmond, Va., for
"some copper." The Dutch governor,
l Minnit, bought the whole of Manhat
all tan island, the present site of the city
of New York, "for sixty Dutch guild
ers, some of them being of a doubtful
metal." Lord Baltimore's company
e bought thousands of acres of fine lands
for less than the number of glass
Sbeads, including the site of the city of
a Christiana, "for which was paid one
Siron kettle of the bigness of five quarts
oI r thereabouts." Roger Williams
n- bought Rhode Island, "Little Rhody,"
n for "forty fathoms of white beads,
strung." It has only been two hun'
tr dred and sixty-five years this spring
his since the site of New Haven, Conn.,
ds was bought for "twelve coatd of En
at glish cloth, twelve spoons of mixed
of metal, twelve hoes, twelve hatchets,
en' twelve porringers, twenty-four knives
the and some French knives and spoons."
'us, st. Louis Republic.
me A Neat Desin.
my Customer-Many. of my friends are
wearing scarf-pins showing the busi
ck, ness they are in. I am a carpenter;
n't have you anything suitable for that
yfI trade?
fur Jeweler (showing masonice pins)
an' Certainly, sir; here. is a large assort
ment, just in. You will eisily recog
ag- nine your implements-the square and
ied €ompnels.
the Cuastoner-But what is that 'G' for?
his Jeweler-Oh-er-for 'gimlet,' you
ald know.-Puck.
ank sIatatsttem .
Smith-I met a man today who told
me I looked like you.
aid Jones (flereelr)-Who was it? If I
Sean find him I'll knock him down.
'rO. Smith (calmly)-Don't trouble your
Self-; I knocked him down at once.-
SC Tri bhu.nn.
-C gpunet P fa,,-lMix sitwo uape
eoaaonut with one cup of powered
sugar, tes beaten whites.of two eggs
and two .teaspoonatnl. of corastarcht
drop on buttered tins and bake.-Home
Queen.
-8ponge Cake. ---eat separately the
yolks and whites of four eggs, the It
ter until stie enough to eut, then whip
together and add gradually one cuap of
granulated sugar and one cup of flou
with which a teaspoonful of bakInW
powder has been sifted; and last, two
cooking spoonsful of boilir wster.-
Home and country.
-Sponge Cake.-To three well-beaten
eggs add one cup white sugar and
thoroughly stir together. Then take
one heaping enp of spur, two teaspoons
cream tartar, one teaspoon salaratus,
and'sift into the eggs and sugar. Add
a teaspoon of lemon or vanilla, as pre
ferred, and a pinch of salt; stir well.
Last of all stir in one tablespoon boil
ing water and bake immediately.- -
Home.
-Jambalays.-Cut up a chicken as A'
for frying. Have a tablespoonful of the
lard hot, brown in it a spoonful of flour. 4
Then put in the chicken and a slice df A
onion, cover and fry slowly for about par
half an hour. When fried, put in two at a
cupfuls of rice and boiling water. Sea- of
son to taste with pepper and salt. Boil A
till done and dry, stirring from the yon
m bottom once or twice. Keep closely th
covered.-Detroit Free Pres. s
n -Tomato Omelette.-Six eggs, a
y wineglases.of flour, four ripe tomatoes, Ti
t pepper and salt to the taste, milk suan- tg
Sient to mix the flour smoothly. Beat Da
the eggs very light, stir in the mixed
i' milk and four, peal and chop the to- the
11 matoes and add with the pepper and seve
a salt. Have a pan with some hot butter,
y pour in the mixture and fry it. When
a done it may be lapped half over or not,
r- according to the fancy. Do not turn
it.-Boston Budge -
,t Custard and Blanc-Mange.-Blanc
e mange served ice cold with preserved
- fruitr, and rich cream is delicious. By
- making a double quantity, dessert may
It he varied by serving it with a rich cus
r- tard. Custard baked or boiled and
floating island are most delicious des
serts. A pertty dish is made by split
Is ting stale ladies' fingers or sponge-cakes
r -any stale cake may be used-and
- spreading them over with some tart
t jelly. Cover with custard, and on the
beaten white drop tiny dots of jelly.
Ladies' Home Journal
ei -Raspberry Sauce.-This is a very
it delightful sauce for boiled puddings.
r- Beat two eggs until smooth; and incor
! I porate a teaspoonful of flour with them;
It add half a pint of raspberry juice, e
n sweeten the mixture to taste with fins i
Ly sugar, pour into a saucepan and set ad
a over the fire, stirring constantly until th
I. it begins to thicken. Another sauce th
for cold pudding is made by whipping Il
4. half a pint of raspberry juice with the r
same quantity of sweet, rich cream,
d pouring over the pudding. Serve at in
once.-American Agriculturist. a
e- FASHIONABLE FINERY. at
er di
bt Odd Articles of Ornament in Gold and 811I a
atver. It
There is no abatement in enamel and
its uses.
o. A beautiful vinaigrette has the top
he Si enameled fruits. e
is A new silver belt-buckle has a sword
ne hilt for its ornament.
zt Fancy clocks in blue and pink look
zy like china, but are in fact of enameled u
r, metals. C
3. The silver-gilt flexible belts and p
ad buckles are ornamented with faceted a
bits of colored quartz-like jewels. a
SSome new and striking after-dinner c
k coffee spoons have white enameled
ee handles on which is a lotus leaf, in
Egyptian colors.
Lea The cane and umbrella straps have
id- taken new importance. They are of
on light calf and the buckles dainty and
ars enriched with carving.
A new design in round bell-like bases
as for various silver pieces is the palm in
me open work. It is a valuable suggestion
his from the Japanese.
New soap-holders are mounted on
th, round bases like those of a candlestick
id: and are handsome ornaments. The
framework is in repousse silver. r
or- A new traveling cup has stowed in
side an alcohol lamp and a little can
for the alcohol. The outer cup, which
incloses all, is the pot itself. The cup i
and its fittings are of silver.
A remarkable bonbonniere is oblong.
be The top is a single moonstone at least 1
four inches long. On this is carved in
relief the figure of a woman in empire I
adress, with a fan. Surrounding it is a
close line of small diamonds. The box
his itself is gold.
Moonstones are still very fashionable
ed in hat and cravat pins. They are cut
he in all manners, so as to represent a
ng good old woman's face, a staring clown..
-N a sphinx, a Greek beauty, etc All the
details completing the effect are made
of enameled gold.
The new hair ornaments of gold, sal
ght ver-gilt and shell, increase in interest.
for The one of the week was a waving odd
or, shaped ring. The ornament that passes
at through it had a sword-hilt of metal
ity and a waving dagger, if the phrase may
ld- be allowed, of shell.--Jewelers' Cir
ful slar .
ny Scnarxsrs say that if the bed of the
ds Pacific oeeann could be seen it would
ass disclose to view several mountains with
of truncated tops scattered over it.
one These mountains wvould be perfectly
arts bare at their bases, and all around
ama their tops they would be covered with
iy a beautiful growth of coral polypL
ul. Tax route from England to India is
ang strewn with treasure, owing to the
many shipping disasters. An Industri
En- onsstatistleian reckons that fully .800,
xed 000,000 worth of gold and Jewels lies at
iets, the bottom of the sea on that tre.
Tr quented way.
MAZEB ITSRBLF EET
is)- grheat griping, old-fashioned pill.
ot only hen you tike it, but un
pleasant, from frst to last, end it only
C gives you a little temporary good.
The tbh le it place are Dr.
Plerce' PieauaMgelets One of these
rat a dose will regles the whole systesm:
granule~sesre.fy than musnrd
ied Theyr rat in Wtma8 ow'm _way.
to reition aterward. Their help
p dtton, ?nd Bge1B iio Attacks, Sick
for Bii~ous Headahes and all deringe
ment of thNe liver stomach, and bowels
our- are prevented, relieved, dured.
aee--- Th the're th e oee t fbis tmeuy
ho#6( Wetaryir b .'J9~u l~u
I.N
1 ~ith v. orspoe;b dlee4 ` f T( /
a~utely. Purs ' b ýt =týOVý f~i~r~citl
capacity,. and to tdn~aallo ~ ,
a'
UNDER THE SEAS.
Tea ss contains in solution .,SM _M A
tonsof rilve. t.
DmaEu the most violet gale- the
sea disturbed to sdepth of eo feet
AT a depth of mre than four miles t
the ocean is without lise, without wayg C
etation and without light
AT the bottom of the ocean the tin
perature remains practically constant
at any one spot throughout the whale
of the year.
As Ansarisawua won 03r DAr.-'The
young lady to whom I beoame enlgaged at
the bal last night is hereby requested to
send her name and address to t bon e
this paper."-II Secolo.
Tan telephone girl, no matter how charm
ing she may seem to be, is always quite
distant in her conversatlon.-~f Ochester
Democrat.
" nox'T find the variety you mention in.
the fare." "It's there, though, in the hess
every day."-Inter Ocean.
i
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly nsed. The many who live bet.
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
Sless expenditure, by more promptly
Sadspting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
a the value to health of the pure liquid
g laxative principles embraced in the
e remedy, Syrup of Figs.
SIts exellence is due to its presenting
ht in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative ; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
' and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the me.ical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
P neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
k gists in60 ,and-t bottles, but it is man
?facturedy the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
d package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
ad and being well informed, you will not
accept any ansubstitute if offerd.
They End this way;
-the names of most so-called
washing compounds. And it
isn't an accident, either. It's
to make them sound something
like Pearline. That is the
original washing compound
the first and in every way the
best. These imitations are thus
named in the hope of confusing you-in the hope that you'll
mistake them for Pearline. For most people, that ought to
be enough. It ought to convince them that the article so
imitated, so copied, so looked-up to, is the one that is the best
to use. If your grocer sends you an imitation,be honest-send
it back-demand Pcarline. as JAM ES PYLE, New York;
WANTED 1000 MEN
"HORSE SHOE"
e PLUG TOBACCO.
MILLIONS ARE.NOW CHEWIN IT AND WILL HAVE NO OTHER. WHY DON'T YOU
LI
A IowuGScUccEss.
SrAn RBAN K1S
S1 CLAIRETIT!
b SOAP
SOES ITS REPUTATION AND
aSUCCESS TO ITs OWN
TLEFRITS.
IT IS PURE , UNADULTERATEDIAND FOR
C RAPID CLEANSING POWER HAS NOEQUAL.
IT IS INVALUABLE IN KITCHEN. LAUNDRY.
SOLD BY ALL GROCERS.
2'
K N*FAIRBANK&m.CO
ST. LOUIS;
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SI-
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPO.IO 8HOULD m UUspD in 5vtRY KITQHEN,
1 .1 . C um sw r  o 0., rW e A ... -,l~ i tn . '0
3.3'. ls atrrh °h fer aW be ward few
d ye o neatew omrl be Or U
tek'w~lWr Cutsrb Cure. Sende Lw to
wo. r .sold by DruNisW Ulii.
BIrT It DIdn'tTeiPt Mfm.l="TaL t ie Iwf
I call o Rreat snap." ;-ittled the lox, ystjm
tselstel lllspt cmrilUn Gad pas0 @-On
Chiago TrilbunO.
w 1ith Patee. Nameis. saad P5531 whieb
ie bwsda.fidE th, LtUoI3od b.n , E.
TA.R~fln Baeat9 Pol·L is larIIru a
10,6 Dn, s o,..he ...l.W f .
EVERYBvODY'S
LAW BOOKJ'
. 1 >ln u Item
It o ...e ser e wrak I.+
Iole. eOva, mi sad womEan o row Ios 15Wr
it teaecra what are lour rights
I W.eh. es to i. r l.aw .. wh.eto
ot e. Is n st hei sllf- incrN I 1 e . w P.e .
866 Uas Urc e i o sms e[ esr? Oatte ins ss hto
e bu rs ! Oou o ··r
lawyierys nd~ t ail nwhe Ste
set. lutloe to dollar for ^W ow --, in
t post a to. 1ta p 1cot al aia ioanRtO
IhUkr UTTILi. Alnr n4 ,o,-o-
--toiie agentsAddrv lin. uDr. + uuwuII .
CASTINGS K
WORIKS
,~IL~woºrr
Machinery and MachIinr suppliSe.
isTAPrii"D ieee. " ite: i-os
mooONAVEATB=D mlot. MelphisTee8
REPAIRS._L95luateL~tei.MtIO~f.c
"rxmstwo ~rsser .>~.a
I ag al. e
Bto Ict~r'º T d ~aor. baica'i-o.
MUST NAVE 86¶lOehPtL13ShW!.iI
forlo. Utimp. Immense. ltlrlvlIed. Onlyl
one vers iseatnd. ].a.S wogt t. S o·ianoaiaI
f C ia 3.t. ait . . Urobsid Et Owe. ____,
rPOImNTO w o "'lS f su
Iestold bees . .f es mtn m I llNU
WANT10. . K. /. 10..t e1O.
L htsars Isae 1ra.,55t. e..m
P1.0 a Remedy for Catarrh 1Sihe
Hest, Easoest to Use. mud Cheap@5t.
Sol bydragits r sntby mall,
Inwe T. razeitine. r.. Vs "
' W1W11R rIITrLIN TO ADVERTitERS Pvr*5
tala tShot yoe sew te Advertliemont hn thi
seran