I,
SPolish patrot who fought Am
try in the revolutionary war,
SDountess in St. Petersburg,
s naewspapeprs in -front of - the post
i;sn Brooklyn.
BSefrt asa Corasar, of Blaine, Me., Is
;'e ig art; x yesrs old, and saws railroad
Saimori the first times feow days ago.
. eyesight has always been good. it
be well to say. He was delighted
'with the ars, and took a ride in the
cab with the engineer.
'rs a-"I do not require that the man
who marries my daughter shall be rich. All
that I ask is that he bq able to keep out of
deibf" Suitor-"Would you consider a,man
in debt who borrows money from his fa
tler-in-law?"-Life.
"Din that uncle of yours leave you any
moneyD " "He isn't dead vet." "Ohe
oesn't he hang on a long time' "He
does." "Why don't yon present him with a
folding beds '-ashington Star.
K-rr--"What do you suppose her age
isr" Tom-"I don't know. But a woman's
age doesn't matter so much as how long she
hba been that age."-Puck.
Dizzy Spells
-Mr. E. Stiff, proprietor of the Centennial
Roling and Flour Mills, Dailey, Mich., tells
the following story of his troubles and the
relief afforded by Hood's Sarsaparilla:
" Six months ago I was in very poor
health. Ihad stom
ach and bowel
trouble, diary
spells, also very
sick turns of stom
ach, with beating
and throbbing of
chest and head. I
ak was
Nearly Deaf
in the right ear. It
seemed like a saw
mill running in my
head. I used two
and one-half bot
tles of Hood's Mar
saparilla when I
felt a change for
lfr. B .B f the better. My
hearing has been restored and all the other
troubles have vanished, so I feel like a new
man. I keep Hood's Sarsaparilla on hand,
also Hood's Pills." E. STIrr, Dailey, Mich.
Hood's' Cures
4ood's PIlls are purely vegetable, per
feotly harmless, always reliable and beneflcial.
COUGHS, COLDS,
-AND
INCIPIENT CONSUMPTION.
LOUISCOO, Nir ORtLEANS, SayS: "'It gives
me great pleasure to be ahie to say thlat LoeoeCk's
Cough Elixir is the best preparation for coughs
and colds I ever used-and I have used a good
many. 1 cheerfully recommend it."
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
PRICE 50o and .OO00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS do CO.,
New Orleans. La.
You want an Organ. Of course
You want the BEST. The
MASON & HAMLIN has won
HIGHEST
HONORS
At All Inmportanat
WVorld's Pairs since
that of Paris, x867, in
cludingChicago,8893,
and is absolutely
UNRIVALLED.
L a If your local
dealer does not sell
our Plames and
Organ, we will
send on approval
direct from factory,
to responsible par
ties, at our expense.
raw atlsa. Wrlte forparticulars.
ew B~tles at :Pepular Prices just out.
Sold on our Easy Payment Plan or Uemned
.l.u purc lsed. Catalogues fre.
MASON & HAMIuuN ORsAN & PIANO CO.,
Doa NOz, asw Iea5 cacaoo. rsas cI.
Colemansi Tulu is sweet, in fact it can't be beat;
If once you try It you'll always buy it.
Th Best Gun in the World I
-L 0 LMI Koko
IU I. TuIu
ea emi
or s.e sa. s.' .5in ate hs
of lbs celk nDaias the ola
eat Ne, eear.
: (eciats- is..,,a,) z S.l
'iThe Cotton States and International
expooition to be held :in -Atlant, Ga.,
BSeptember 18 to December 21, 1895, is
intended primarily to bring together
an epitome of human efort and a col
lection of the important products in all
countries of .the western hemisphere.
Its scope is, however, interntional,
and exhibits are invited and expected
_rom all the other continents.
The United States has aided this ex
position by an appropriation of $200,000
for an exhibit similar in plan and scope
to the one made at Chicago. In the de
bate on the appropriation the most dis
tinguished orators of all political
parties vied with each otherin enthusi
astic commendation of the enterprise.
That debate and the action of the gov
ernment placed the exposition at once
upon an international plane. Inquiries
are already coming in from foreign
countries. President Dias has an
nounced his intention and determina
tion to make an exhibit of the resources
and products of Mexico.
The republic of Venezuela, one of the
most important in South America, cov
ering three times the area of Germany,
has formally accepted the invitation to
take part in the exposition. A similar
acceptance has been received from Nic
aragua. Unofficial advices from Bon
duras are to the efeeot that a fine ex
hibit will be made by that republiei
and a feature of the display will be a
mahogany house. The Mexican village,
Guatemalan village and Japanese gar
den will form picturesque features.
Besides the United States govern
ment building, the plan of the exposi
tion managers includes these principal
buildings; the last figure gives the
height from floor to cornice:
Manufacturcs and Liberal Arts...... 226x3'0xdS
Mining and Forostry .................. 8Oxzuo xt
Agriculture ............................ Ih0xu006S
Electricity ............................ .1_x2_rb0
Transportation ........................1i2x418x5iO
Woman's building ..................1.502Ox65
Fine Arts..............l................10000xO
Negro building .............SLzo not determined
Tobacoo building...........Size not determined
Machinery hall....................... 100ztOx5O
The leading idea throughout the
buildings is Romanesque. They are
" -4
T NITED STATES GOYERiME1G DUTILDING FOR ATLANTA. EXPOSITION.
designed with an idea of stability and
simplicity of construction.. Take the
Machinery building, for instance.
That, in its interior construction, is a
simple cube so designed as to give a
great deal of space inside, its exterior
finish having a touch of the renais
sance. On each end, at the sides and
in the center there are large porticos
with immense pillars, which will give
the entire building a stately appear
ance. It is the aim to construct a build
ing whose size will not be apparent at
first, but which will grow on the ob
server. That building will be 65
feet high. The Manufactures build
ing carries out the same Romanesque
idea, but is considerably more elab
orate. In the Agricultural building
the idea is carried out in a sort of
pyramidal shape, and so, too, with the
Electricity building. The latter has
towers and arches which can be bril
liantly illuminated, and, located as it
will be, at the foot of the lake, a great
light effect can be secured. The towers
at the corners of the Nanunfactures
building are very large and can be
used for restaurant purposes or any
thing of the sort. The brdad outside
corridor on the second story of this
building can also be used to magnifi
cent advantage for restaurant pur
poses. The floor area of these buildings
is as follows: Manufactures and Lib
eral arts, 103,000 feet; Agriculture, 44,
000; Machinery, 96,500.
The Woman's building is to be de
signed by a woman. and a prize of $200,
in addition to the usual compensation
for architects, has been offered by the
board of lady managers. Asthe larger
buildings are of Rlomanesque motif, it
is proposed to have for the Woman's
building a colonial design, which will
harmonize and hold its own with the
larger structures.
The Government building will be of
frame construction, covered on the ex
terior with shingles and clapboards,
and designed with Romanesque motif.
MAIN ENTaANCE TO FINE ARTS BUILDING.
Its main dimensions will be 180 by 200
feet, with projecting pavilions 10 feet
by GO feet in plan on all four sides, and
circular towers 25 feet in diameter at
each corner of the building. niaking a
total floor area of about 50,000 square
feet. A cruciform clearstory GO feet in
width inceases the height of the
structure to 62 feet., and produces the
effect of a two-story building, and also
materially assists in lighting and ven
tilating the interior. At the intersec
tion of these clearstory wings: and
rising to a height of 105 feet, will be
co astructed a turreted tower, having at
at apex a platform for the exposure of
Instruments of the weather bureau. An
electric search light and a time ball
will be operated by the navy depart
mart at conspicuouspoints on the roof.
The Pine Arts building is situated on
a commandbingeminence near the (o
ernusent building. It «T lla.a front:
age of . tte gt withadepth of Ii .est,.
Thoeratcur sthe koxt toeadm w be
AI A ~.. -
~
'th~et- a w t'-ot are three and
Sfeet- in ,di tetr a d-thirty
ftvs;fast l tg, fated en4 hiving Cap.
hta Bmats the Itaian renai
e.noe. 'ute ornamentation throghb
out the entire buiiding is in Itallas re
uaitmne, slightly tending to the Plo .
entine eohooL
The central faeade is surmounted by
a cornice eight feet high with richly
ornamented frieze and mouldings. Over,
the cornice will be abalnstrade extend
Ing around the entire building with
pedestals spaced at intervals support.
.ng fambeaux.
These fiambeaux have electric lights,
and as there are thirty-five or forty
they will produce a very beautiful eof
feet at night.
The' building designed for forestry
and minerals is to be ereotedof natural
wood, embracing all the foliage found
in the south, while it is proposed to fes
toon the entire interior at the ceiling
line with southern moss and greens.
The spaces between the principal posts
and braces, which are themselves
ENTRLANCE To NEGEO BUILDING.
formed of natural trees, will bh coe
ered with bark, thus forming a most
unique design, covering an area of 26,
000 square feet, while a roof promenade
or garden, of the same area, is also
provided, the entire sides of which will
be formed of palms and palmettoes.
An enormous fountain adorns the cen
tral portion of the building, the back
ground of which is formed of minerals
from all sections of the south.
The Electricity building covers an
area of 19,500 square feet, and is lo
cated on one of the most commanding
sites on the exposition grounds. The
exterior of this building has been de
signed with particular reference to the
effects which may be gained by a use
of numerous electric lights. - It is also
proposed to illuminate the general out
line of all the buildings by ineandes*
cent lights, and the effect will be de
lightful.
The Transportation building will
cover an area of 55,000 square feet, and
is conveniently located for the instal
lation of the heavy exhibits proposed
for this building.
The Horticultural buildinzg will be
unique in desgn. A large central dome
of glass, with three wings or arms,
each ending in a smaller dome of glass,
will afford an opportunity for an ex
cellent display of the flora and fauna
of the south.
It is not srettled whether the educa
tional exhibit will have a separate
building, but it is more than likely
that the matter wil!. take that course.
Already the big Manufactures and
Liberal Arts building is shown to be
inadequate for the demands for space
in those departments, and a separate
building for liberal arts is already be
ing considered. This building would
be the natural home of an educational
exhibit. It is proposed to have a sam
ple of the work of every pupil in every
school in the south. This would bring
directly before the world the intel
lectual attainments of between four
and five million children. It is need
less to say that this will rivet the in
terest of the people upon the exposi
tion.
The Negro -building will be one of
the most interesting on the grounds.
It will afford more than 25,(00 square
feet of space, and will provide for a
large central assembly hall for negro
congresses, with openings into rooms
for exhibits. An epitome of the race
in thirty years of freedom will natur
ally be interesting, but especially so
when presented in the form of a pan
orama, showing the different condi
tionsof the negro from his native state
in Africa, with his thatched huts, by
successive stages to the most advanced
type of the race in Ameiica. It will
form at once a picturesque and inlttruc
tive exhibit.
WMld in Compartuon.
"If that man had spoken to me as he
did to you," said one of the bystand
ers after the crowd on the corner had
dwindled away, "and called me a driv
eling idiot, a sneaking scoundrel, a pie
faced muttonhead, a measly hypocrite,
a hump-shouldered villain and an all
round chump with a skull full of cold
mush instead of brains, I'd have
knocked him down."
"Why, great Scott:" responded the
big, good-natured man in the heavy
overcoat. "I'm used to worse than that.
I've run twice in my life for sheriff."
Chicago Tribune.
Not Forgotten.
Primus-Did your rich old uncle re
member you in his will?
Secundus-Yes; he inserted a clause
urging his executors to collect at once
the sums he had loaned me.-Puck.
Two of a Kind.
She--I can't marry you; you are too
poor.
He (indignantly)--I am no poorer
than you are, I guess.-Detroit Free
Knress.
sure of One Thing.
Mrs . icks-.How should yen lika me
to sing yop to sleep as i do the bOoy?
Hicksjlrt- to sleep if I pomiblj
:ý:" , it.
'.hte .af .,es the
th v f et a Weman Ih RBe, erew Ele
ine Tears. now She Was aresd.
she Newark, N. . , venalg News.)
Vvular disease of the heart has always
been considered incurable. The following
Intevie , therefore, will interest the med
eal liffeaon, since it describes the sue
eesful use otanew treatment for this dis
ease The patient is Mrs. George Archer,
of Clifton, N. J., and this publication by
the News is the first mention made of the
case by any newspaper. All physicians con
salted pronounced the patient suffering
with valvular disease of the heart, and
treated her without the slightest relletf.
Mrs. Archer said: "I could not walk across
the foor; neither could I go upstairs with
out stopping to let the pain in my chest and
left arm cease. I felt an awful constriction
about my arm and chest as though I were
tied with ropes. Then there was a terrible
noise at my right ear, like the labored
breathing of some great animal. I have
often turned expecting to see some creature
at my side.
"Last July," continued Mrs. Archer, "I
was at tSpringfleld, Mass., visiting, and my
mother showed me an account in the
Springfield Examiner, telling of the won
derful cures effected by the use of Dr. :Vil
liams' Pink Pills for Pale People. My
mother urged me to try the pills and on
November 25th last I bought abox and began
taking them, and I have taken them ever
since, except for a dhort interval. The first
box did not seem to benetit me, but I perse
vered, encouraged by the requests of my
relatives. After beginning on the second
box, to my wonder, the noise at my right
ear ceased entirely I kept right on and the
distress that I used to feel in my chest and
arm gradually disappeared. The blood has
returned to my face, lips and ears, which
were entirly devoid of color, and I feel
well and strong again.
"ly son, too, -hed been troubled with
strtis and I induced him to try the Pink
Pil, with great benefit. I feel that every
body ought to know of my wonderful cure
and I bless God thatI have found something
that has given me this great relief."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are now given to
'the public as an unfailing blood builder and
nerve restorer, curing all forms of weak
ness arising from a watery condition of
the blood or shattered nerves, two fruit
ful causes of most every ill that flesh is heir
to. These pills are also a specific for the
troubles peculiar to females, such as sup
pressions, all forms of weakness, chronic
constipation, bearing down pains, etc., and
In the case o men will give speedy relief
and effect a permanent cure in anl cases
arising from mental worry, overwork, or
excesses of whatever nature. The pills are
sold by all dealers, or will be sent post paid
on receipt of price, (50 cents a box or 6
boxes for 52.50-they are never sold in bulk
or by the 100) by addressing Dr. Williams'
Medicine Company, Schenectady, N. Y.
A CHAPTER ON SALT.
Seraps of Informatton About a Useful Ar
ticle.
Poeple do not eat salt by the teaspoon
ful as they do sugar, yet not a meal is
eaten during the day that does not
have a seasoning of salt disseminated
through it, and sugar could be much
easier spared from food than the more
humble saline article.
By some mysterious law of nature
salt is continually evolved from living
bodies, and must as constantly be re
ceived again in due proportion to the
loss. It is by the law of evaporation
that we enjoy our privilege of salt, as
it is now believed that the chief source
of it is from the ocean, although the
salt of the sea is bitter and a draught
of sea-water works madness in the
brain of him who drinks. It is esti
mated that individuals average a yearly
allowance of sixteen pounds of salt.
This does not mean salt in the bulk,
but the constituent which enters into
the system by the process of assimila
tion. Its necessity as an article of diet
is assured by its presence in the cor
puscles of the blood, where mustard
and pepper are assuredly not found.
The salt mines of the world are
among the most important schemes of
commerce, and the slightest change in
the method of manufacture is hailed
almost as a triumph of science. When
England began to export a pure white
crystal salt to India, the Iindoos would
not use it, they mistrusted its brilliant
whiteness and preferred the dark
native salt, which contrasted well with
their white rice. Time has overcome
their predjudice, and they now eat
freely of the English salt, while their
own has undergone a purifying process.
The salt used in England comes prin
cipally from the Cheshire mines, but
the continental salt is obtained from
different sources, especially from the
great- salt district of Austria, which
covers a large area, and has been for
many years a source of revenue to the
people of that locality. The Durren
berg mine at IIallein has been worked
steadily for six hundred years and
others have been like a patrimony,
handed down to its wvorkmen.
To the government the salt
mines are a regular profit. To go
down into these mines with leather
garments provided for visitors, to gaze
and taste, and wonder by the glimmer
of a horn lantern, has been one of the
privileges of the tourist in Austria.
The great crystal crypts are most at
tractive, and much lessdangerous than
their prototypes, the coal mines.
The salt wells of Syracuse are great
American industries, which are, how
ever, only two hundred and fifty years
old and were discovered by the Indians,
who were the originators of the salt
industry of this counttry, although they
were afraid to drink of the water, be
lieving it to have been salted by a
demon to poison them. Father Le
MLoyne, passing that way in 1053, evap
orated some of the water of which
they complained and obtained a pure
article of salt, which hlie carried to
Quebec. Next a national tree of the
five nations was planted on the shore
of the spring, and a treaty-making
council held. The Indians, however,
kept their possessions until after
the revolutionary war. Then a
small company boiled the water in
camp kettles on crotched sticks, and in
1778 the state bought the laud, stipu
latingitd future use as a salt manufaec
turing field, Twenty Indian chiefs
signed the treaty. Gov. Clinton, 1Vil
liam Floyd, Ezra L'Jlammedieu. Rich
ard Varrick, Samuel Jones, Ejgbert
Benson and Peter Gansevoort--all
names of historic interest-signed the
treaty for the state. In connection
with this is a historical incident which
showed what wise heads the forefathers
of the country carried on their shoul
ders. Thenalt-makers planned the Erie
canal, and after it was built, liquidated
three -million dollars of indebtedness
by simply increasing the tax on salt to
twelve and a half cents a bushel. This
aame amount was afterwards paid to
the state for taxes on the wells, and
twenty thousnaand dollars annually Ito
the treasury. The apparently cheap
provision for manrufaeturing givyes one
no idea of the enormous profits that
have been derived frOm the ISymouse
eit wlU&-Detrolt Pree ?reus
the sldeping Alai e, _ona of ib Pdb t
Of the vat in, a one 'as ouftb htgea
Pao'. Luconas haLs modiele ti state
of shelley for the' monuiment to he
erected at. Via Reggioi.inear the spot.
where the poet's body was washed
ashore.
Tanma is at Oxford a portrait of
Charles I. composed of minute letters.
The head-and rat contain the book of
Psalms, the Apostles' creed and the
Lord's Prayer.
A suers of Herod -the Great, believed
to be authentic, was recently discov
ered at Jerusalem. It has been bought
by the Russian government for the
Hermitage museun at St. Petersburg.
lIEatr MOeLus, the artist, whose pic
ture of a Breton'interior was the- first
work from an American brush to be
received into the Luxembourg, returned
to America the other day, after an ab
sence of twenty years. He is to reside
in New York.
ftEDEBICK M.ACMo6,IEs, whose mag
nifcent fountain afforded so much
pleasure at the world's fair in Chicago,
is to design the bronze Quadriga, or
embematic war, chariot and horse,
which is to surmount the the soldiers'
and sailors' arch in Brooklo n at the en
trance of Prospect park.
WHERE BATTLES RAGE.
FIVE IWH DRED earthquakes shock the
Japanese every year.
GoLDFIn were first known in China,
and were brought to Europe in the
seventeenth century.
Is China a man who killed his father
was executed, and along with him his
schoolmaster for not having taught
him better.
JAPAx is a corruption of the Chinese
word Shi-pen-kue, which means "root
of day," or "sunrise kingdom," because
Japan is directly east of China.
THE Chinese are known to have built
several fine suspension bridges before
the opening of the Christian era. One in
the province of lunnan, built in the
year 69 A. D., is still in excellent con
dition.
SUmeA's imperial canal is the largest
in the world and greatest in point of
traffic. Its length is twenty-one hun
dred miles, and it connects forty-one
cities situated on its banks. It was
completed in 1350 after six hundred
years spent on its construction.
ELECTRIC SPARKS.
MORE than half- the street railwa3
mileage in the United States is now
operated by electric power.
AT Leeds, England, there is an elec
tric clock which has been continually
ticking since 1840. Its motive power il
natural electricity.
GEInWr civil engineers will erect a
monument in Berlin to the memory of
Dr. 'Verner von Siemens, the famous
electrician and inventor.
TnE natives of Australia use tele
graph wire to make bracelets, ear
iings and nose-rings, and tear down
the telegraph lines for that purpose.
Lr Australia horses and cattle are
now being branded by electricity from
storage batteries. The temperature i,
uniform and. the brand safe and
artistic.
A LITTLE bit of cheese and an electric
wire form the latest rat-trap. The
cheese is fixed to the wire, and the in
stant the rat touches the cheese he is
shocked to death.
Enisox says there is practically no
limit to the speed that can be attained
on a railroad. He thinks the greatest
speed will come when electricity in ob
tained direct from coal.
Men. HoSaE-"What is stage business,
anyway, dearn" Houser-"Er-getting di
vorces, principally, I believe." -- Buffalo
Courier.
THE BUSINESS MAN'S LUNCH.
Hard Work and Indigestion go
Hand In Hand.
Concentrated thought, continued in, robs
the stomach of necessary blood, and this is
also true of hard physical labor.
When a five horse-power engine is made
to do tenl horse-power work something is
going to break. Very often the hard
worked luan colning front the field or the
office will "bolt " his food in a few min
utes which will take hours to digest. Then
too, many foods are about as useful in the
stomach as a keg of nails would be in a
fire under a boiler. The ill-used stomach
refuses to do its work without the proper
stimulus which it gets from thie blood and
nerves. The nerves are weak and "ready
to break," because they do not get the
nourishllnent they requtire front the blood,
finally the ill-used brain is morbidly wide
awake wIhell the overworked man at
tenlpts to find rest in bed.
Tile application of common lsense inl the
treatumeut of the stonlaclh ald the whlole
system brings to the busy alan time full en
joyment of life anld healthy digestion wlheln
he takes Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets to
relieve a bilious stomach or after a too
hearty meal, anld Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medienal Discovery to purify, enlrich and
vitalize thle blood(. TIle "Pellets" are tiny
sugar-coated pills made of highly concen
trated vegetable illngredients wlichll relieve
the stomach of all offending matters easily
and thoroughly. They need only be taken
for a short tillme to cure tile biliousness.
constipation and slothfnlness, or torpor, of
thliver; then thile "Mledical Discovery'"
should be taken in teaspoonful doses to in
crease the blood alid enrich it. It has a
peculiar effect upon tie lining mnenmbranes
of thile stomnach and bowels, toiling up and
strengthening them for all time. The
whole system feels tile effect of the pure
blood coursingll through the body and the
nerves are vitalized and strengthlened, not
deadened, or put to sleep, as thie so-called
celery conlpoullds and nerve mixtures do
-ibnt refreshed and fed on tile food they
need for health. If you suffer frontm indi
gestion, dysnepsia, nlervotsness, and any
of thile ills which come from impure blood
and disordered stomach, you can curre
yourself with Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery which can be obtained at any
drug store in the coluntry.
BE IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS. AsHAur - "ATLeO
edrop o iotloflleve. un Tacked A the Wal.
De *o*at s o .. MER ARk CouHIr lafAje*at.."
"MERRY CHRISTMAS" M Y CHRISTAS
"HAPPI NEW VEAR" WINDSOR CO.,
"CHRISTMAS sail EW M" U " - •re.o ablndxk
VEAR'S BREETINGS" NORTHn ADAMS. MAkss.
Better Crops
result from use of fertilizers rich in potash. Most fertilizers sold
do not contain
Sufficient Potash
to insure the best results. The results of the latest investigations
of the use and abuse of potash are told in our books.
They are sent free. It will cost you nothing to read them, and they will save you
dolars. GERMAN KA.I WORS, 93s Nasau Street, New YVet.
Economy requires that in every receipt- calg
for-baking powder the Royal shall be used. . It
will go further and make the food lighter, sweeter,
of finer' flavor, more digestible and wholesome.
ROyAL SAKING POWDER CO.. 106 WALL ST., NEW YORK.
s--"This ring, you know, is the emblem
of eternity." lShe-"Yes and the diamond
on top is heavenly." lte-"But the ring
that comes later will have no diamond."
She-"iN-o. 1 suppose the heavenly partwill
be over by that time."--IKato Fields Wash
ington.
WIFr-"The price of the clock was $10
but I got a discount, so it only cost me $S.';
Husband-"Yes, bum you could have got the
same thing at Beezle's for t5." Wife-"That
may be. but then Beezle wouldn't have
taken off anything."-Boston Transcript.
Shoot Folly as it Flkes,
ays the bard. The diniculty is that the
folly of some folks don't fly, it sticks. We
cite, as a forcible illustration, the folly of
people who keep on dosing themselves with
objectionable drugs lor disorders of the
stomach, liver and bowels, easily and pleas
antly curable with Hostetter's Stomach
Bitters, which not only remedies these, but
also restores vigor and strength, and ban
ishes malaria, rheumatism and nervousness.
FIRsT Srolts-"`Alnd how did the football
come outt" tecond Sport--"The Rufflers
lostthe game on a foul." "How's that?"
"One of their men kicked the ball instead
of kicking one of the follows on the other
side."-Boston Transcript.
Keep Your Mlind on
Allen's Lung Balsam, as this is the season
for Coughs and Colds. Its expectorant and
hea.ing qualities, and being free from all
combinations of opium, places it at the head
of all Cough remedies. It approaches so
nearly a specifle for Consumption that 95
per cent. of cases which are taken in time
are cured.
SnE-"It is very nice to go to the theater,
but you never take me along when you go."
He-"Well, 1'll take you with me to-night.
There is a Ilay on the boards you ought to
see." ,"Wlat is it?" "The Taming of the
Shrew."-Texas Biftings.
Great Rock Island Route Playlan Cards.
If you send 15 cents in stamps or coin to
Jony SEBnMTIAN, Gen'l Pass. Agent, C., t.
I. & r. i, y, Chicago, you will receive post
paid the slickest parck of playing cards
you ever handled. picautiful steel engraved
Whist Rules accompany them free.
Wa have not been witvhout Piso's Cure
for Consumption for 20 years.--Lzzzr Fsa
a, Camp St., Harrisburg, Pa., May 4, '94.
"WAs wue football game what you ex
pected it to be!" She-"No, it was very dis
appointing. Only one man killed and two
injured."
lall's Catarrh Cure
Is taxen internally. Price 75c.
-MAN bows to fate, but not as a matter of
courtesy.-Galveston Nows.
--i
MArrDA.-Itw was a good turn you did me when you told me of
Clafrcttc Soap. It makes the clothes whiter than any other, and saves
time and work.
MARY.-Yes, and it does not injure the hands or the clothes.
CLAI RETTE SOAP.
Ulalderywhere Made by THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY, St. Louts.
The Best Roofing
r / SAMPLES ,.e. -or Roofs. Side.sand Wa.i.,
/- ~ AND FILLJ Orecnbouscs, Hotbeds. laystacs.
i Wag'on Covers, etc.
PASTICULABS They cost very much keas shal
PAS. T i IA shinley cand wear for yars. They
proof.Snow- roo-ndV
FREE. are sbrelutely * * dy Frs
r'* wara . Nails and Tn pas with each ral
'/1., I" / ¢ ý' ý.}Red Rope Roofing.
[! `. F. W. BIRD & SON,
S5,ý.4r AUEB oI'"LOOK " LITTLE GIRL
Eist Walpole,
J~7MAsS. ON ALL GENUINE "NEPONSET."
NEPONSIET WATERPROOF
FABRICS.
IU .MORPHINE WHISKY
AND TOBACCO HABITS GURED.
Oor book of particulars as to HOrM L ATD IN
8r5TTITU" TREATM BNT, terms, eto., sadreas
inzums EELtS INsnTUE, o a. 4 Polr Street, or Loch Box No. 1,000, MEMEPIS TENN.
rWALL ORBNEPONDUNCU STICTLy CONDIDUNIAL. PLAIN EN VEapj DU'l"sn
-.... Plankington-"I understred
that you had to go to law about that prop
erty that was left you. Have you a smart
lawyer?" Von Bloomer-"You bet I have.
He owns the property nowv."-Judge.
Forirr Feeble Lungs Against Winter
with Hale's Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement sad.
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet.
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millionsanad
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will.not
accept any substitute if offered.
WALTER BAKER & CO.
The Largest lanutacturers of
PURE, NIOC ORADR
COCOAS AND CHOCOLATES
HIGHEST AWARDS
Industrial and Food
EXPOSITIONS
In Europe and America.
n ad ha f rseemseq.
eOLD BT ROCaIMsvywwMIK(lU .
VALUAKERI 00.80HE T.UAS.
A. N. K., t dy , 8o
wnUx wAIa ToA msD rPsU
.: -