I. . . .. .ii..A .. --A VL II -- -- - -L , Il---lY l - -- -3- 18 4
".THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
----.-VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, - - - - - - - -1- - - - --ARC-- - 31, 1894. NUMBER 4.- -
VOLUME II. LAFA~YETT1E , LA, SATURDCnAY, MIARCh· 31, 189k~. N'T~UMER 4.
WINTHROP'S ROMANCE. 1
What Bbattered the Lieutenant's
- Dream of Love.
"Miss Garland, my daughter-Lieut.
Winthrop."
The tall, handsome officer bowed low
over the tiny hand extended to him.
.'Delighted, I am sure, to make your
acquaintance, Miss Garland. All the
boys have been talking so much about
you that I feel I almost know you."
"Lieut. Winthrop," turning toward
him coquettishly, "1 think that is pure
flattery, as surely in two weeks you
have had time to make my acquaint
ance, if you were so desirous of it."
"True, but then you see I only re
turned a day ago."
As he spoke the band played the
march for supper, and, offering his arm,
Lieut. Winthrop led his partner from
theballroom.
Lieut. WVill Winthrop was one of the
most popular officers of the -th. Al
though but twenty-eight, he had been
in many campaigns, and was now on
leave, spending his time at that most
delightful place, Point Comfort.
Mliss Daisy Garland was one of the
belles of the place. She was not a tall,
stately "society" woman, but an im
pulsive southern girl. She was the
onlychild of a millionaire orange plan
tation holder. lHaving been educated
in Virginia, she had been in society but
a short time, yet was already one of
the most sought after and favored girls
in the rlace.
Two days after the ball Winthrop
might have been seen slowly strolling
up toward the pretty eottagcMlr. Gar
land had hired for tne time he and his
-laughter were to spend at I'oint Com
fort. If anyone had told Will lie wnas
going to see his pretty partner of the
ball he would have politely told him he
was crazy. Oh, no! his praiseworthy
intention was to have a cozy talk with
iMr. Garland about the least romantic
subject, financial news.
Although very few knew it, Lieut.
\V. Winthrop had a snug little fortune
invested in the far north. Ever since
his cadet days he had laid aside part of
the generous allowance his father sent
him.
"Of course," Winthrop soliloquized
as he went along, "everyone thinks
just blecause there i:; a pretty girl here
I come to sec her, but I will show them
the contrary."
As he arrived at this conclusion lie
marched up the steps and gave a de
termined pull at the great lion's head
that servef as a knocker. A trim maid
servant opened the door and toad him
the master was out, but she had orders
to ask thelientenantin when he called,
as Mr. Garland had left a message.
Even as she spoke the parlor door
was pushed open and Miss Daisy ap
poared.
"Alh! Mr.-1 mean," with a pretty
blush and smile, "Lieut. Winthrop, so
you have come at last," and she put
out her dainty I and, which was cor
dially clasped in his for a moment.
"Papa waited until a few minutes
ago for you and instructed me to keep
you if you caine until his return. You
can see him at the club if you care to
go there, but I am quite alone and will
be very pleased mnot to have to wait
alone," she continued, pleasantly.
"Well, Miss Garland, if I won't in
terrupt you reading, for I see you have
been quite studious by the book you
carry, I will wait for MIr. Garland here."
As Will followed his hostess in he
could hardly conceal his surprise at the
beauty of the drawing-room. The
walls 'were hung in the palest
rose color. Great ]bunging chairs aund
tiny gilt ones stood around in an in
viting way. T'he table was covered
with magazines, and a handsome book
case was well filled swith the choicest
literature. Everywhere was the evi
dence of refined taste.
Each stand was loaded down with
flowers. Great hardy jacks crowded
out the dainty tea roses, while violets
nestled lovingly in their bed of leaves.
Near the window stood Daisy's favorite
chair, and the second volume of the
book she still held in her hand, thrown
carelessly on the floor, showed she had
left her nook hastily.
As Will took in these details his eye
rested upon Daisy. To him she was
the sweetest picture in the room. Hler
dark, curly hair was pushed carelessly
back from her white forehead, and her
hands were clasped behind her head as
she leaned back in a big chair talking
lazily to Winthrop. One tiny boot was
thrust forward and tapped the floor
gently as she spoke. A few pale roses
were fastened to the white folds of her
collar, and one nestled in the dark
masses of her hair.
Mlr. Garland did not come in until
five o'clock, so although Will had come
intending to stay only an hour, it was
well past six when he walked back to
his hotel. In his mind he saw the
pretty face he had just left.
The next day Mr. Garland left for a
shorsatay at his home in Virginiia.
Will had a cordial invitation to step in
any time and see his daughter. After
his last visit Winthrop thought he had
dlone his duty and stayed away three
whole days. On the fourth hie recon
sidered lur. Garland's invitation, and
on the fifth yielded.
Then began again the old story of
Eve tempting Adam. After his fall
Winshrop was a constant visitor at the
Garland's pretty home. Soon it became
known to every one that the handsome
lieutenant was a suitor for the hand of
the southern beauty. Every day
promptly at two Winthrop would ap
pear on his well-groomed horse, leading
a pretty bay by the bridle. In a few
minutes Daisy would step out in her
stylish habit, and off they would ride.
About two months after Lieut.
Winthrop was sitting in a large arm
chair before the fire and evidently in
deep thought. Suddenly he addressed
the fire thus:
"See here, old man, you're in love.
No use denying it. Here you sit
grumbling and wondering what to do,
and there is only one course for you to
take. Eleaf her heart, she has always
seemed glad to see me whenever I
came, Ye by Ge orge I w il.l try
After making this resolution Will
put on his hat and went out.. Strolling
into the club he found a square white
envelope addressed in the hand lie
knew so well.
"I shall be very glad to have you
spend the evening with us, as papa is
coming home"-so ran 1liss Garland's
note-"and he is to bring a particular
friend. Mr. Lane, to spend a few days
with us"
Will's face flushed with pleasure as
he strode away whistling. Promptly
at seven he was dressed and waiting.
Having some time to spare he threw
himself upon a lounge and lay musing
in the darkness. Now that he was
ready to test his faith he was not quite
so confident.
"Suppose she refuses me? But, great
Scott! she is no coquette, and, then,
hasn't she shown she likes me? Per
haps," but he put the thought aside as
preposterous. No, of course Lane
couldn't be on the same errand as hlinm
self.
At last! The hirl clock sweetly and
clearly rang out eight strokes. It was
time to go. How well he eccalled the
pretty picture Daisy made the first time
he saw her in her own home. iastily,
joyously he mounts the steps of her
house and smiles to hear the resound
ing noise his energetic knock has made.
The door is opened as before by the
trim servant, but this time she shows
him into the parlor at once. Winthrop
never forgot the picture as the draw
ing-room door opened. Daisy was
lounging in an easy chair before the
fire. Near her on a footstool was one
of her most constant visitors, Arthur
Scott.
lane was leaning on the heaviiy
carved mantel, talking easily twitlh
both. The firelight glittered on l)ai.vy's
hai:r bringing out the golden tints and
malting her simple white gown r-s,:y
red. 'his evening she was attired in
a soft white silk, and hearts-ease was
her only ornament-a bunch at her
waist and throat.
As she rises to greet Will he notices
that her eyes are very bright and site
appears very nervous. After speaking
a moment w ith his hostess Will turns
to Lane and both his outstretched
hands are caught in a warm clasp by
him.
A couple of hours passed pleasantlly.
and then Scott rose to go. As soon as
Daisy left the room Hlerbert Lane
turned quickly to Winthrop and ex
claimed:
"Old fellow. you will help me, won't
you? So glad I explained everything
in my letter-saves bother now, and
Daisy is so pleasedr "
TWinthrop stared stupidly at Hlerbert
and gasped: ''What, for heaven's -eke,
{are you driving at? What letter do you
mean? '
It was now Lane's turn to look
anazed. "You don't mean to tell nme
you nreer got my letter? Why, I)ai. y
was always writing hotw kind -you were
to her, and I thought it waas on that ac
count."
"Npeak quickly, Hlerb:" exclaimed
Will. "Before she comes back. How
dare you call her Daisy? What right
have you, I say?"
"Why, iman, the he.st in the world,
for-for she is my wife."
"Your wife? Your-your wisfi?
You're fooling. Herbert, say you are,
for I love her.-"
For a moment he :-poke as if dlazed,
then sank on a chair and covered his
face with his hands. Just then DaisY
appeared in the doorway. She looked
in amazement from one to the other,
then as Will raised his head and she
saw the direst misery in his eyes sho
came swiftly forward.
Iloe sees the face of the girl lie lot--.s,
all her pretty color gone and all her
happiness gone. Will tries to speak,
but Lane comes gently to her and sayi:
";o, Daisy dear, leave him to mne."
Then as Will's face again falls on lhit
bands, she bends softly andl giving
Winthrop one quick kiss hsurries away.
WVhen Daisy had gone, lann t'thl
everything. How he hadloe loved l)ai.
for years, but could not get her father's
consent, until, taking matters into
their own hands, they had mnllarri s
cretly.
When Lane found that 'Mr. (;arland
intended to bring his daughter to Point
Comfort he told Daisy to make friends
with Winthrop and he would write a
litter to Will explaining all. And that
was the letter Winthrop never re
ceived.
But now he (Herbert) had a good po
sition and had come to confess to her
father, and had wanted Will to say a
good word for htim. Daisy was only
too glad to have a friend who knew
her secret, and so showed a mnurked
preference for WVill's society to that of
any of the other men that flocked about
her.
When Lane haad finished, Will stoodl
tip and grasping Herbert's hand:s said
nobly:
"Herb, dear fellow, I will do my best.
Leave ine alone and I will 'see her
father, and congratulate your--your
wife for me."
As Lane left him still sat down and
gazed around wearily. 1 hat bri':ht
dreams had comne and gone ill this little
parlor, but now all was over.
lie touched the bell and ausked to see
Mr. Garland. How he pleaded his
friend's cause, or what he said, I never
knew; however, he must have ilone his
best, for Mri Garland forgave and for
got. The next morning Mrs. Lane sent
a note of invitation to \Winthrop to
spend the day at their house. lie never
came or fgot the note, for he ha:d left
for the north the night before.
When he reached Necw York he wrote
to Daisy, his tirst and last letter, and
that was a note of congratulation. To
Lane he wrote more briefly, as follows::
"'DEat IEirnarET: DO not thinu: I envy you
your happiness, for of all men on earth you
most deserve it: but I could not stayl an1' see
her day by day. When I left the house that
night, and had to leave without hler, the only
woman I ever loved, ILt was neaer to return.
;lve your wife *ny heartiest cor.rrattuilah'at,
and tell her for malf I otould not Itare her sha
is married to the very man I would have chosen.
Bellcre me, old friend, y"oits faithtully,
"*1V LL TVIrrTioP."
-Chicago Journal
-A helping word to one in troubile is
often like a swltch on a railrowal track
-enn inch etween wreck and cimooth.
THE PEOPLE'S VERDICT.
low the Republicans Have Ignored the
Country's Interests.
The republicans in 1890. while pre
paring and thrusting upon an unwill
ing people the McKinley abomination.
talked much of the mandate they had
received from the people in 1888, when
a majority of the people voted against
them. No question of raising the tariff
was before the people in 1888. It was
a question of reducing it. and the re
publicans obtained a majority of three
in the house on the subterfuge that the
tariff, while needing revision, ought to
be revised by its friends. Then they
proceeded to reduce the revenues and
to increase the public burdens.
In 1893 the people not only gave the
democratic candilates for the presi
dency and vice presidency a large plu
rality, but gave the democrats a ma
jority of more than ninety in the house
and the control of the senate. These
facts, being a matter of public record,
cannot be denied. But the repub
licans say now that because they held
some republican states last November,
carried a democratic state on local
issues and have lately captured a dem
ocratic district the mandate has been
recalled. This did not prove very ef
fective in the house, but they hope
that it may have better success in the
senate.
Ii the republicans had been guided
by the rule which they now lay down
there would never have beetn a McKin
ley bill to repeal. So far as the man
date of a minority of the people in
18 8 could be tortured into meaning
anything, it was only a permission to
the republicans to reduce the tariff in
btead of having the work done by the
democrats, who, they said, would go
too far if intrusted with the task.
When they were about to pass the Mc
Kinley bill, prominent members of
their own party reproached thenm pri
vately and publicly for their breach of
faith in this respect.
Mlore than this occurred. The elec
tions in November, 1.89. resulted in
sweeping (lemocratie victories Iowa
and Ohio elected democratic governors,
and Massachusetts barely missed doing
so by a bargain in certain wards of
Boston. New TYork. that had voted for
Harrison in 1888, resumed its place in
the democratic column. It was a re
publican Waterloo, only exceeded by
the phenomenal defeats which they
sustained in 18,90 and 18905.
\'as this a revocation of the repub
lican manlate? According to what
they say now, it was. The McKlinley
bill was not yet begun. Congress had
not met. If the republicans are seri
ous now, it was plainly their duty from
their point of view to rive up all notion
of raising tariff rates in order to pro
hibit importations. lut they went on
and framed the McKinley bill. Iron
manaufacturers in New England sent
their mammoth petitions for a restora
tion of the rates of 18.l7, the law which
their Hlenry Wilson said was the best
ever framed. They disregarded this
memorial. Klansas. which had been a
republican stronghold, implored them
not to destroy her smelting and
threatened to desert the party if they
did. a threat that was faithfully carried
cut. Nevertheless, the smelting in
dustry was driven to Mexico. It
would take too long to tell of the pro
tests from other sections that were dis
regarded.
None of these things, nor all of them
together, were tl'cn considered a re
call of the popular mandate. Mc
Kinley and his accomplices insisted
that they were irresistibly driven for
ward by the inandlate of the people to
rob the treasury for the beneeit of
trusts. to redluce the revenue by pro
hibitory dutics ins.tead of lower rates,
and to increase e xpeiditures to an ex
tpult that .w.as sure to lea.l, as it has
led, to a deficit. Such is the history of
republican respect for the mandate of
the people. \'ilth this recent history
fresh in the minds of the people, they
sh,'old have the grace to remain silent
upon the. subject now.- Louisville
t 'ou rier-.Tol rn al.
A GOOD SUGGESTION.
One Ttay or Improving Republican Elec
torst m etthods.
Theo republicatns have long insisted
that the repr'.entation of the southern
s utes in congrcss and the electoral col
lege ought to be cut down to corre
spond with the relatively small vote
I which they cast in elections, but no
I practicable wey of carrying out the
idea has ever been suggested. But
there is one method of making repre
sentation correspond with ballots
which the party can adopt, and that is
to apportion delegates in national con
ventions with soime reference to the
number of votes cast. The national
committeo is considering the matter,
and seems likely to adopt some plan
before thie convention of 1896 is called.
It seems grossly unjust that states
where the party hardly maintains an
existence, like (;Georgia, should have as
much influlence in selectinfg candidates
as Iowva, four clample. Moreover,. "the
sys;tc.;n of allowing a few managers in
such states to nam- delegates who rep
resent nothing has been fruitful of
scandals, the buying of colored men
having become notorious. It would
be a grcut -gain to, the cause of polit
icaLanorals if retprcenitation in repub
lican conve-ntioim were based upon
rotes rather than upon population.-
N. Y. Post.
- -Frenchmen are alarmed at the
dis oc'very of a very perceptible decline
in the tihrift of their couutry. France
enjoy:s the thrift-promoting advantages
of a high protective tariff, and if at any
time thrift is not promoted as much as
it shouid be it is the solemn duty of the
French protectionists to screw the
tariff up a. few notches This is the
remedy prcscribed by the enminent Dr.
M IcXinley, of (Ohio, who promoted the
"thrift," that we are now enjoying ovrcr
here.---Chicago Ilerald.
-No intdustry was ever perma
nently bLenefited by taxation on trade.
'The abolition of the coal tax will work
in the entl for time benelit of the l\Vest
Virginia ihine-owners, as Mir. Wilo
says. And it will work at once to build
up every other Ludustry on the Atlaatie
et--N., Y, World.
A NEW INDUSTRIAL ainA.
Better Conditions Indicated b.v Im.)rnoi s
Legislative onliry.
The passage of the lWilson bill by the
house of representatives by a decisive
majority marks the beginningof a newv
industrial era for the Unitd States.
For the past thirty years the face of
the nation has been turned backward
upon all questions affecting economio
and industrial conditions, and we have
been praising, preaching and prao.
ticing middle age customs in the
treatment of economic and Indne
trial problems so far as they
can be affected by legislation. U nd
such legislative policy prevailed at any
other time than in the latter half of
the nineteenth century, when new in
ventions have caused tremendous ad
vances in mechanics and brought
about material improvements by ac
complishing the division of labor and
the substitution of machinery for the
work of the hands, it would have re
tarded and thwarted the growth of
the nation, would have checked intel
lectual progress if it had not really and
actually produced retrogression. Bnt
the impetus which was given to trade
and commerce by the invention of
steam motor power, and the subse
quent production of mechanical agen
cies, has carried the nation forward as
it were by force and with its back to
the future.
In short. Speaker Crisp was correct
in his statement when he declared that
the protective policy which had been
practiced in the past by the United
States was similar to that which has
kept China stationary and isolated for
the past thousands of years. We have
attempted nothing more nor less than
the building up of a legislative Chinese
wall around the United States. block
ing and impeding commerce and pie
venting the extension of American ip
fluence in other parts of the world.
Had it been continued America woulld
stand a hundred years from to-day as
she does now, and republican politicians
would still be preaching the policy of
protection to her "infant industries."
With twenty years of untrammeled
commerce, beginning with the passage
of the Wilson bill, America will be the
mistress of the world's commerce, trade
and industry. Chairman Wilson cor
rectly described the day of the vote
upon the passage of the Wilson bill as
one of the most glorious in our history.
and that the record of the house of
that day would permanently record no
passing event, but a great epoch in
American history, and that in the
future it would be a matter of pride to
every man who voted for that bill to
point to the record of that day and the
part which he played in its proceed
ings.
In sh, rt, the work of congress,
signalized by the passage of the WVil
son bill, is the result of the triumph of
natural law and human progress. Mc
Kinleyism has retarded and thwarted
the operation of this law for a period,
but the reaction will be all the more
powerful and effective and the prog
ress of the nation henceforth will be
the more rapid for the temporary
check which resulted from the pro
tective policy which, though adminis
tered for half a century or more, is
really but a moment of time in the life
which this great nation is destined to
complete.-Kansas City Times.
PARAGRAPHIC POINTERS.
- If the entire country were afflic
ted wit h a loss of memory the outlook
for the g. o. p. would be dazzling.-l)e
troit Free Press.
---Like the protection policy which
it essayed to defend. Mr. Rleedl's speech
was stretched a little too far. --Louis
ville C'ouricr-.oTrna!.
--Manyii of the mills that are clos
ing down nowadays are located ex
clusively in the scare headlines of the
MclKinley organs.--Roston Herald.
--The chief grievance that the re
pu.blican flock gatherers at the capital
have against Secretary Carlisle is that
he is bent on maintaining the national
credit dcspite their efforts to prevent
it.--Detroit Free Press.
--Referring to the argument of a
republican contemporary that the one
hundred proposed amendments to the
Wilson bill indicate widespread dissat
isfaction with it, the Buffalo Courier
(dem.) says: "Judged by the same
standard, the McKinley bill must in
its earlier stages have been an ex
tremely unpopular measure. After it
got into the house and before it became
a law it received 134 amendments."
--There is a story that Mr. Harri
son has sent an envoy to Maj. McKin
ley with a message of peace and a
promise of support to the latter's pres
idential aspirations. The story may
be true. Mr. IIarrison may already
have forgotten the part Miaj. McKinley
played in the ,Minneapolis convention,
which resembled nothing so much as
the trick Garfield played on John Sher
man in the convention of 1880, except
that the latter succeeded, whereas the
McKinley performance wans a ghastly
failure. At any rate Mr. Hlarrison has
his choice between Maj. McKiinley and
Tom Reed, and vcren so righteous a
man as he could hardly repress the
human temptation to hate Reed worse
than he hates McKinley. - Chicago
Times.
The Sugar Trust.
Mr. James HI. Maury bas contributed
to the New York W'orld a startling ar
ray of figures to dlisclose the inward
ness of the sugar trust, which dictated
the McKinley sugar tariff. The trnst
controls rceined sugar. It gets all the
benefit, of the IMcKinley duty on re
fined sugar and gets its material free.
'This trust has an actual capital of $1ST.
740,000 and has unloaded stock on the
market to the amount of #7i,000,000.
As the bond. covered more than the
value of the plant, the stock is all water.
The government bounty of about $10.
00t.0,000 a year roes chiefly to the trust.
Conseqnently the McKinley tariff and
bounty have made the individuals who
dictated them and organized the trust
so enormously rich that they can spend
a million or two to beat the \Wilson
bill. The sugar trust is a formitidable
precursor of the possibilities which
may growv up under tihe domination of
a McKinley party in thil country,~--St
Loui `S RepubtLa
A CHANGE OF NATIONALITY,
Or the Strange Tale or an Invalid Patched
('p Into a Pualgilt.
The city editor of a newspaper which
employs the services ofan enterprising
young man--a friend of mine-to a
small amount, asked him one day to in
vestigate a strange story which had
comne down over the telephone from the
1Fourteenth ward hospital. He gave
the young man an order on the cashier
for his ear fare. Having exchanged
that for ten cents worth of malt ex
tract with a gentleman on W\illiam
street, my friend walked up to the
Fourteenth ward.
lHe passed his credentials in to the
chief surgeon at the hospital and was
admitted.
"What is this case you told us
about?" he asked, borrowing the chief
slurgeon's knife to sharpen his pencil.
"'You haven't made a successful opera
tion, have you?"
"Worse than that." replied the chief
surgeon; "'infinitely worse. A young
tlian named Brown was"
"(Got his first name?" quericd the re
porter.
"''No. ILe was" -
"'l)idn't learn. lie was brought in
here a week ago"
".\Add'ress?"
*'Can't say. lie was brought in
here a week ago with a bad wound in
his head. lie had been struck by a
brick which had fallen from a passing
building, and" -
''.1 passing which?"
"A building which he 'was passing;
and a part of his brain was mnissing. It
looked like a pretty serious matter, and
so I took hold of the case myself. vWe
found that it would be necessary to
supply the deficiency in brains. We
have none to spare here, so-got that?"
"Yes."
"so we sent out. After awhile we
found an Irishman who had been mor
tally wounded ina prize-fight, and who
lhad no frther use for his brains. Ve
operated onu him. and made the trans
fer. (iu:"' patinct was an American. and
he see'med to get along first-rate until
yesterd;-ay. Then he got up out of bed
nnd assaulted his physicians, throwing
four of theml downstairs. lie doesn't
recognize his wife, and claims that lie.
alone and unassisted, can lay out any
seven imen in the hospital if he is not
molested by the police. lie also speaks
with a strong Irish accent, and has
gone back on his politics. lie claims
his name is Dolan."
The chief surgeon reached behind
himt for his handkercehief and wiped tihe
perspiration off his face with the air
of ai nman whose confidence has been
abused.
"How do you account for the
change?" the reporter asked, recross
ing his legs on the window-sill.
"W\e don't account for it at all," the
chief surgeon answered. '"We can find
nothing in history like it, and only an
autopsy will reveal the secret. I re
gret that we can not perform an autop
sy now. \\'ill you have a cigar?"
"'Thank you ulint how is that"-
A tremendous fall and a wild whoop
of defiance fronm above stairs interrupt
cd the reporter and caused the chief
surgeon to rise and remove his coat.
"'That's him:" he said. "You'll have
to excuse mite for a few minutes. If I
call you, I wish you'd come and assist
nme; for sometimes"-
As the chief surgeon disappeared the
sound of a sculiHe came from above, ac
coimpanied by these words:
"'Tak' yer corner, ye bald-headed
mick--talk' yer corner cr Oi'li baste the
face off yez"-Robert Barnes Cramer,
in I'uck.
SURE HE WAS A GENTLEMAN.
.1 Street Car Conductor Ilan a Test That
HIe is KVilling to lie On.
'""'hat luau is a real gentleman if he
cludoes look a little seedy," said a street
car cond:,ctor to mInc as he pointed out
a: man in the caron an uptown trip one
day last week.
"d'low do youl decide that'?" 1 asked.
"'Have you found some new test of
character?"
"'W\'ell. I don't know as it's anything
new, but I've been railroadingi a good
many years and I haveu't watched all
sorts of passengers for nothing. T
learned long' ago that about cvcry
wuomxnan who gets a letter likes to let
evcr'ybody know it by reading it in a.
street car, and that's what led me to
find out. one thing that marks a mlan a
gentletman.
"You see that woman sitting right
beside the mlan I pointed out? Well.
she read a letter that lasted ten blocks,
and that man never even looked at it
out of the corners of his eyes, let alone
trying to read it. That's how I know
hce's got good breeding.
"'lIhe next time you see a woman
reading a letter in a street car you
watch any mnan twho lhappens to be sit
ting near her and see if he doesn't try
to get a look at the letter himself.
Nine times nut of ten he will, and
somctimes he'll make himself sueh a
nuisauce that I'd like to interfere if I
dared. If he doesn't 3-you may be dead
certain he's a. first-class gentlemnan. I'll
bet on th;t test."
"But howV abOllt tlme women? Does
your test apply to them. too?"
"We\Vll, no-o; I hardly think it does:
for I've never seen thle woman on my
car yet that wouldn't give a sly glance
;st a letter another was reading if she
could.--N. . '. Herald.
j 'rosperous Times for Him.
"You may complain of the times,"
s'ild a Wall street man the other day
to a friend. "but they are prosperous
days to a fellow I know."
"l'rosperous days:" remarked the
aother, aghast. "Why, how in the
wvorld can any one be so successful
u ioem cverything is so dull?"
"'hat.'s just time point." replied the
cilher. "lie prospers when things are
dull. lie's an exception to the general
rile-; t'u;t then, you nmust know, he's a
sei- ,r"s gmrinder'."--N. Y. Herald.
The 'iuldirtlive EBabt)t.
l'rst Inbl'it-'l'l-There comes tha:t city
sports;nmn ag'.in.
S'teond lahbbit---W'e,., if he doesn'i
ie us al one, i'll run in front of ink irrize
medal dogs. anrd. let him Pihoot, at . - e.
,iotd News,
IN THE ELECTRICAL WORLD.
-An advocate of electrical cooking
elaims that of every 100 tons of coal
used in a cooking stove 96 tons goes to
waste.
-An amateur electrician in Mon
treal. named Eugene Baldwin, has
rigged up a wind-wheel which, in con- I
nection with a dynamo and storage
batteries, supplies all the lights he
needs in the house.
-An Austrian has invented a flying
machine that moves through the air
after the manner of bees. At pr".sent
it is operated by a small steam engine,
but its inventor hopes to finrd sonli way
of discarding steam and using clectrici
ty in its place.
-At the close of the year 1892 there
were in Switzerland 3551 electric lights
run by water power, J:; plants for elec
trical transmission of power, 1:1 accut
mulator or storage batteries anwl 1.0"6
other dynamos and c(lcctro-mlotors.
The numnber of incandescent lamps run
by water power was 115,9:6 and of are
lamnps 9,716.
-The Syracuse. (N. Y.) Storage Bat
tery Co. has a street car propelled by
storage batteries running in Oneida.
The total run on one charge of the
batteries was 115 miles. The car, it is
said, makes daily from 64 to !#0 miles
without a break in the service. The
1l5-mile run was made on a seven-hour
charge. There are 96 cells used in the
car. The motor is a :0O-horse powcr,
and is wound for 190 volts. The car is
also lighted from storage cells.
-Trees are felled by electricity in
the great forests of Galicia. For cut
ting comparatively soft woods. the tool
is in the form of an auger. which is
mlounted on a carriage. and is moved
to and fro and revolved at the same
time by a small electric motor. As the
cut deepens. wedges are inserted to
prevent the rift from closing, and vwhlen
the tree is nearly cut through. an ax
or hand saw is used to complete the
work. In this way trees arc felled very
rapidly and with very little labor.-
Electrical Review.
--A Boston electrician has just comn
pleted a novel device for electrically
extracting from wood or rag pulp. used
in the manufacture of laper, by a series
of moving electric magnets, all traces
of iron contained in the iulp. iy
means of a sprocket chain the nlagtlnet:
are drawn through the pulp, then t.c
rated to a higher level, where they de
posit their picking of iron dust in a r"
ceiving tray, the circuit be-ing broken
when the magnets are in the proper
position. A jet of water a IsO a-ssbists in
Swashing the magnets clean, ready fo
I the next immersion in the pulp. 'The
device is extremely ingenious and per
fectly simply and practicable, and lhas
proved a wonderful success.
-Two men were arraigned in a New
= York court recently for stealinr elcc
I ric power, the case being the first of its
a kind in that city. Edward GardneranlI
his brother-in-law have charge' of ti,;.
- exhibitof the Itoulette Cycle C'o.. of Co(.
entry, E;ng., at Madison Square Garden.
Frank Martin, the electrician of the
g arden, observed that the wheals of a
bicycle hanging above Gardner's booth
f were being turned at a rapid rate by
some unseen power. On investigation
he found that the electric light wires
had been tapped, and were connected
Swith a small electric motor, which kept
the wheels in motion. It is said that
in a somcwhat similar case the supreme
court in Buffalo sustained a charge of
larceny about a year ago.
L -The introduction of electric power
in the improvement of drilling and
jquarrying machinery within the past
few years is evidently destined to work
a revolution in the accomplishment
of tunnel engineering projects. Exca
t rations that formerly occupied years
can now be made in a few months, and
a striking reduction in tile estimaitesof
t the time required for the carrying osut
t of engineering plans is apparent. It is
stated that the proposed Simplon tun
nel is to he constructed at a cost and
rate which will place its predece:ssors
in the shade. Motive power is now
easily obtained from water in the :svwtss
mountainous districts, and the facility
I with which electric power can be trans
I1 itted rensders the site of a greerating
i station a secondar:y consideration.
This new tunnel tl-rough the hle:ert
of the Alps is to be completed in G,
years.
TO CURE TOOTHACHE.
t Prescription for Emergency Treatments
That Is Convenient to Know.
Toothache is a little thing in the
books, but many physicians woultl
rather meet a burglar at the door on a
7 dark night than a call to cure a lhad
toothache of several days' continuance.
1 A hypodermic of morphine only post
a pones the evil day, and usually the
Spatient is respectfully referred to the
dentist. 'ihe tooth should not Ihe ex
tracted while the jaw and guns are in
fliamed and the latter swollen, and it is
Sthe physicians's duty to treat the case
I until the above conditions atre remoaed.
1 Always keep a small phial containing
1the following mixture: ('hloroform,
get. x.; glycerine, girtt. a.: sat. sol. ac.
s carbol., gtt. x.; morphine, gr. j., with a
small wvad of absorbent cotton. if the
Soffending tooth has a cavity or de.-ayed
Ssurface, saturate a small pellet of cot
· ton with the above mixture anti plut
a into t'te cavity or against thle dccayed
surface, as the case may be-never pack
the cotton in, or the more is the t:rou
blc, but have the pellet small eno:ugh
' to enter without crowding. In most
Scases this will end the trouble.
s When the gums are swoolen and ten
der paint two or three times, two tuin
a utes apart, with a four per cent. solu
r. tion of cocaine. This time of yea- our
I patient may have been eating a good
Sdeal of fruit. The tongue and mucous
s membrane of the mouth are pale, he
Shas a sour stomach. and next day the
i toothach will rctutrn. Gire ten grains
. of sub-carbonate of bismuth anld t en
Srains of phenatetin at once, and a
simiilar dose befo.-e eachl of tile thlree
following meals, wvith a laxative if
Sneeded, and stop all fruit for a few
tdays, and it will not return. Tile same
Spowlder every two hours with cessation
Si f fruit-cating will stop tlhe persistent,
- tormenting neuralgias so prevsaopt at
this saoun,.--Medical licord.
USi.FUL AND SUGGESTIVI.
-Caks Easily Made.-One cup of
suigar; one and one-half cups of flour;
three eggs. whites and yolks beaten
separately: two teaspoons of baking
powder, three tablespoons of boiling
water.-Ohio Farmer.
-Charlotte Russe.-This is pretty
served in individual glasses; small ones
Sabout half the ordinary size are pretty.
Line the glass with lacy-fingers (plain,
thin glass or tinted ones look well), fill
the glass with whipped cream flavored
with rose, strawberry or almond.
Farm and FIireside.
--Marlborough Pudding.--Take equal
quantities of stewed and strained ap
ples, thick, sweet cream and sugar, and
add six beaten eggs to a pint of this
mixture with the juice and grated rind
Sof a lemon. Bake in open shells. The
excellence of this pie depends upon the
richness of the cream.--Farm, Field
and Fireside.
--Peach Jelly.-'ake sound peaches;
wash them thoroughly. Use the par
ings and a few pieces of the fruit. Boil
in enough water to cover them. Strain
through a jelly-bag. Allow the juice
of one lemon and one pound of sugar to
each pint of juice. Iloil the juice twen
ty minutes after straining before put
ting in the sugar, which has in the
meantime been heated in the oven.
Then boil again for five minutes, and
pour into tumblers.--Harper's Bazar.
-Substitute for Buckwheat Flour.
In many localities buckwheat is very
scarce, hence buckwheat flour is ex
pensive. A mixture of cornmeal and
Gtraham flour makes avery good substi
tute. Set the batter for cakaes over
night using warmn water, salt and yeast
as for buckwheat florr. taking nearly
one cupful of eornrurcal to two of graham
flour. Treat them the same as buck
wheat cakes except bake a little nore
slowly, being careful not to scorch, or
the graham flour will have a raw taste
from not being thoroughly cooked.
These cakes are more healthful than
buckwheat anid niany like them better. *
--Orangec Judd Iar1-e'ucr.
-.A Brown ;Betty.-WVell butter the
sides and bottom of a pudding dish: put
a layer of grated bread crumbs on the
bottom, then a layer of apples., uar
tered. and cut in thin slices, sprinkle
with brown sugar, cinnamon and nut
meg and cover with picc-s of butter:
then another layer of bread and
crumbs. ;pple. butter and spiee'-, and
so on, till the dish is full. Add one
tablespoonful of brandty, l Ii::ed in a
tablespoonful of water. have the top
layer of bread crumbs thickly dott ed
with butter. Itake three or four hours
in a moderate oven. If it rooks to.
fast, cover the top with :a plate. but do
.not let it touch the tpdding. S:rve
with cream or a rich wine sance.-Ijos
ton l;udget.
-Beef Soup. -'Ihis is no meager dish.
'iThe bones thoroug'hly cracked. and the
Imeat adhering to them should be put
into a gallon of cold water and cooked
for six or seven hours. Turn into a
bowl at night to get cold, first taking
out the hones. In the morning take
off the fat, and if it was properly ivast
ed you will find about three quarts ol
jelly. Put this into a kettle with one.
i half dozen pepper-corn;s, a few celery
tops. a large onion and a bunch of
sweet herbs tied with a thread. have
t parboiled two carrots, two parsnips,
t a small turnip and two potatoes: put
into the soup andi let all simmer for an
hour, then take out the herbs, rub the
vegetables through a colander and re
r turn them to the soup. Burn a spoonu
I ful of sugar, mui- with two tablespoon.
fuls of flour, a little ketchup, pepper
and salt to taste and stir into the soup.
-W'oman's Home Journal.
FLESH-EATING HARES.
The Unbelleving t;ernian Lost Rits let
fWit h the Spaniard.
Ilare is a dish never seen on a Span
ish table, Ie'ecause in Spain there is a
superstition that hares, in the night.
go into churchyards and dig up the
graves a:nd eat the dead bodies. A
writer in the lunLchener Zeitung, swho
recently spent some time shooting in
C'ast ill, where game is very plentiful,
relates how hre , as convinced of the
fact that hares do eat flesh. lie had
been told so by the country people. but
had treated their assertion as a ridlicn
lous fiction. l'he next time he found
himself in a party of sportsnlen lie re
peated what he had heard as a joke;
but, to his surprise, every one listened
quite gravely, and assured him that it
a was perfectly true: they themselves
had frequently seen hares eating flesh.
As he still expressed doubts on the sub
I ject, however, one of the company of
t fered to bet him fifty litres of wine
I that lie (the (German) should see a hare
eating meat. The het was accepted.
Tihe next morning very early, the
a Spaniard, the German and two gray
e hounds went out to a great heath to
- look for flesh-eating hares. As they
were sitting waiting for the hares to
a appear, the Spaniard. to the Gtrman's
a amazement, took a little live crab out
of his pocket. "'What do you want
that for"" said thie G(;erman. "To
catch the hare with.' replied the
. paniard. It struck the ;erman that
+ perhaps the Spaniard had brought him
ou ct merely to make a fool of him. But
I then he reflected that that was not the
- Spanish way with strangers: so he
t held his tongue and went on wait
1ing. hy and by a fine hare ap
, peared. In a moment the two dogs
- were after him (they were well mun
Szied. so that they could not do him any
t fIarm), and. in a few moments more the
hare had disappeared again in his hole,
- and the dogs were barking at its mouth.
- The men got up and hurried after them.
- "Now," said the Spaniard, "this is
a where my crab comes in." He pulled
I out the crab and put it down aft the
Smouth of the hole, and it, glad to hide *
Sin the dark shade, crept in with all the
Sexpedition it could manage. The
Spaniard instantly spread a large
Scoarse sack over the entrance, and in a
few momnents out rushed the hare, ter
a rifled by its unexpected visitor, right
! into the sack. Hlome they went with
r their prisoner, which they placed in a
Scage. When the hare had recovered
Sfrom his fright, hlie ate, before the Ger-
man's astonished eyes, several pieces
of mutton which were thrown -J-jlaty
don .Nws -