"i-HE, GAZETTE.
t$ýbstrsrrrr ! ý. Print;$x Per Year.
_ We eand ost many copies of this paper to
pjtaes whom we have been unable to seer ce
buot whose names have been furnished to us,
persons who would likey become subscribers, B
c hlpttilnue.to send them until notified Mr
do soreg non-refusal to receive
t g a VAh to be considered sub
ib . The subscription price is so low
cha.tI. os per year--that we hope every eh
will become subscribers, and send us the
amount ofsesscription.
TOWN AND COUNTRY. al
hi
Picnics are decidedly in. fashion.
By atlmea5s we must have that street
sprinkler.
Mr. Abe Solomon and Miss Flora Plonsky w
left for Alexandria, La., Monday. tt
Our younig friend R. J. Domingeaux, of
Skoyville called at The Gazette office Sunday.
* Mr. and Mrs. H. Labe visited their brother, s
.-M.A. Labe, this week. to
Mr. S: Leopold, of Berwick, Is visiting Mr.
* had Mrs. A. Labe. G
Miss Delia Robb, of Morgan City, is the
.%uest of her sister, Mrs. fIenry Church. t
* Mrs. G. W. Scranton, of Royville, spent
Tuesday With her sisters, Misses Ada, Julia,
and Ednylivier. g
Ladies and children hair cut at domicile. ,
L. Bagarry.
Every ofie is complaining of the disagrea- 51
bleness of the dust.
, Dr. Geo. C. Mouton, a prominent physi- C
clan of Rayne, was in Lafayette Sunday. }
The chief marshal and his deputies are de- t'
termined, at whatever cost, that the peace of
the community shall be preserved. l
Mr. Dave Massaker, a prosperous merchant 0
of Orange, Texas, is in town on a visit to the t1
family of Mr. Levy.
Mr. Alfred Mouton, of the firm of Mouton
Bros. made a short visit to New Iberia last
Saturday.
The concensus of opinion among the busi
ness people is, we must have that street
sprinkler. i
Judge C. Debaillon is attending a session i
of the District Court at Ai,lwville this week,
wher he has several important cases pending.
Mr. Alfred Hitter a skilled artisan from
St. Martinsville was in Lafayette Monday,
and was the guest, during his stay, of Mr.
Pierre Gerac.
The Attakapas Pharmaceutical Association
will convene in regular session in this town on
- the 4th day of April next.
Captain H. L. Garland and C. C. Duson,
Esq., of Opelousas passed through town
, Monday.
D Mr. Ed Reese, of New Orleans, is on a
visit to our little city and we wi.h him a most
di4e$htfud nime.
The ladies are taking advantage of these
lovely evenings, and are seen daily enjoying
the delights of a promenade.
Those wh' are on the inside report that
the "Black Diamonds" will give an enter
tainment that will he well worth attending.
1ir Alexandre D)clhonmm,.cr, a sus.cqgsful
young planter, froml the neighb.orhood of
Breaux Bridge was in tow n londlay.
E. G. Voorhies Esj1., made a flying trip to
St. Martinsville, and returned Monday. lie
reports the old town mov.ng up in the pro
cession.
WVe have just received some very pretty
programmes, and beautiful pencils and cor is
for same. And we can print them on sho t
notice.
We shall appreciate the apportunity to
figure on any line of Job printing. Don't
ask us what we can, do, but tell us what you
want.
Go to Bagarry for a goxod shave and hair
cut.
Mr. Willie Daugherty, brother of Mrs. I.
A. Broussard, after a sojourn of some days in
Lafayette departed for his home Monday.
Our popular young friend Claude l.atiolais
from Broussardvillc visited The Gazette office
Saturday.
The job department of The Gazette office
has been very busy this week turni ng out a
quantity of printing. Orders for any kind of
printing are solicited. WVe have the facilities.
Our sprightly and brainy young friend, R.
E. Cunningham, editor of the Rayne Ranger,
was in Lafayette Saturday and Sunday, and
made his headquarters at The Gazette stand.
Mr. William Clegg, LIafayette's leading
Drugg.st and Banker, was in our city yester
day on a visitat the hospitable home of Col.
Ben. Lewis and his most excellent lady, on
Main Street, Mr. C. came down on the
1:54 and returned on the Io:o8 trian.-Daily
Iberian.
Arnaudville is a small village of perhaps,
50o souls, with a few business houses and a
large cotton gin;:but as small as the place is,
the people are enterprising. They paid a
bonus of $2oo to be in the telephone circuit
and now they are in communication with all
points.
Who should walk in and surprise us but
our old friend E. Rice, the telegraph opera
tor at Rayne. One of Rice's fads, whenever
he goes away from home is to always pick up
something to reminr.d him of his trip. This
time he had a pet flying squirrel,
Sheriff Broussard returned Saturday from
Houston, Texas, having in custody ex-justice
of the peace Paul Martin, who held that
office in Scott in i891, and absconded about
that time with money entrusted to his keeping.
Martin is now in jail.
Dr. F. C. Latiolais, of Bronusardville, was
in LAftyotte Thursday, and called at The
Gazette office. It goes without saying that
were pliased to meet our old friend.
The regelar term of the 3d circuit court
for Latyetre parish, Judges W. F. Blackman
and R. S.- Perry, sitting, opened Wednesday,
and after disposing of the case of L. Levy
& Sons vs. I. A. Broussard et ala, in favor
of defendants, the only case on the docket,
adjourned until Moaday.
Wm. Graser has just completed the repairs
of thserver pipes in the jail. b2
Col. Fairies was in Lafayette one day this
--eek with a view of ascertaining the feasi~ d
bility of organizing a militia compsty. We
are informed that he did not meet with suc- re
ced.
Aurelkeh Olivier ahd RoeItr Landty from
Broussardville were in Lafayette Monday v
and called at The Gazette office. *
Superintendent of public schools, II. E,
Toll, Esq., was in Lafayette Saturday, and
handed the teachers their warrants for the j
current onth. L
The Gazette's good friend Thomas Mouton tl
was in town Monday and called at the ofice, p
and, as usual, left a substantial reminder of aI
his visit. Come often, Tom.
We had the pleasure of meeting Monday, si
Mr. H. VanderCruysen; editor of the Breaux
Bridge Union. During a few minutes chat
we learned that work on the Knapp railroad w
will begin at an early date. This is the road
that is destined to reach Carencro.
Services will be held in the Catholic Church a
to morrow; first mass at 7:30 o'clock and
solemn high mass at 9:30 o'clock. Imniedia- t
tely after high mass the pews will be sold.
There is a horse, owned by Dr. Arthur P
Guilbasu, in Breaux Bridge, who Is a flyer
indeed. We rode behind him once and n
thought we were facing a North Dakota ,
cyclone. He clippea time at a 2:32 gait.
Alex. lDelahoussaye has just opened a
grocery store, where every thing that is ge- f
narally kept in such a line of business will be
found, fresh and cheap.
Now, then, listen We must have that
street sprinkler.
We had the pleasure of meeting Mr, J. \
C. Rivers, of Pennsylvania, this week. Mr. f
Rivers, we are happy to say, is much pleased I
with our country and people. I
Marshal Bradley had an impromptn parade
last Sunday. He was escorting two tourists
outside the limits of town. As he passed
the depot some one very appropriately
speeded the parting guests by whistling the
soul-stirring refrain: "when I'm gone you
will miss me."
Emile Girard, the young railroad man, who
was so severely wounded by the caboose run
ning over him some days ago has been re
moved to his home in New Iberia, where, it
is thought, home influence, will tend to hasten
his recovery.
Every one feels the absolute necessity of a
street sprinkler.
The town of Lafayette should have a good
fire company. We suggest the organization
if a I flfk and Ladder company, and be
sides the truck, add a few Babcocks. Then
we could fight a fire to some advantage.
Miss Stella Trahan the lovely and accom
plished daughter of Dr. J. D. Trahan, after
a pleasant stay in New Orleans extending
three months has returned home much to the
delight of her numerous friends.
t Mr. Leonard Guidry, a thriving farmer
t living about six uniles from Lafayette, killed
a hog last week, weight 583 pounds dres
sed, and still we find some farmers buying
S"store pork."
Wclman Bra.lford Esq, a prominent young
t business man of Rayne passed through l.afa
- yette Monday on his way up the road on busi
ness. Welnman is the agent of the Manhatan,
1 Loan company, and is doing a rushing busi
ness. See his advertisement in another
column.
The announcement is made that the
l"Black I)iamonds" ministrel company will
give their entertainment on the 5th instant.
A good attendance sho.ild greet the company
for, besides a sure fine performance, the pro
Y fits accruiong will go to the High School
Building Fund.
Mr. Abe Solomon, of Corsicana, Texas,
who has btcen visiting his sister Mrs. Jos.
o Plonsky took his departure Thursday for
t Chicago, and will extend his trip to Glean
Springs, Vaukesha, \Vis; Mr. Solomon has
bcen a great traveler, and says that the
scenery of the Cote Gelee section of our
parish is the finest that he has ever seen.
Capt. Anatole LeBlanc, a veteran Missis
sippi river and tributaries pilot, and a whilom
steamboat chum of The Gazette's senior,is in
is Lafayette spending sonime days with his broth
e cr, Ozcme lelilanc. Anatole is not only a
first class pilot, but a nimrod par excellence.
(Of course he called at The Gazette office,
and let us tell you when an ex-keeper of the
records andl a star-gazer meet the past looms
up very vividly.
Mr. I. N. Satterfield, the road contractor,
is working on and grading the public road
Sleading from Lafayette to Carencro, and has
reached, in his work,Ernest Bernard's place.
Mr. Satterfield says that this is the prelimi
g nary work, and he will go over the road again
r- putting on the finishing touches, and when
. completed it will be in such c3ndition that
n noonewill question the work being thoroughly
e done.
There was a prize fight at the Lafayette
arena last Sunday between two negroes,
s, Robert Aime and George Jefferson, resulting
a in a victory for Aime in four rounds. A
s, match is about being made between Aime and
a a negro from Morgan City for a large purse.
1 Sheriff David Rees, of St. Martin parish,
passed through Lafayette Sunday, on hisway
to Mermentau, La., to institute a search for
SPaul Cormier, one of the negroes thought to
Sbc implicated in the murder of the Robertson
r ladies, for which Louis Mitchel was hung in
P St. Martinsville a few days ago. Cormier is
is reported to be in hiding in that neighborhood.
The grand ball soon to be given for the
benefit of the High School fund promises to
at be a roussing success in every particular.
Ut The gentlemen who have all along devoted
themselves to this object are determined that
it shall be the equal if it does not surpass in
in all its details anything of the kind here
tofore given in Lafayette,
at Mr. M. 8. Alexander, whose application
for tofolce of the railway mail service,
rt il th division, was, last week, filed by Sena
an tor Caffery, at the post-office department,
Y, has for the last four years filled the position
y of postal clerk between Lafayette and Che
t, neyville. Mr. Alexander has made for him
self a splendid record in that capacity.
Look out for Otto's street parade, headed ti
by s brass band, to-day, •
Assistant Marshal J. D. Veazey, Wednes
day evening and Thursday morning killed
twentyleigat vagrant dogs. A pretty good a
record
Mr. D. lonnemaison, the efficient post- 5
master of our growing sister town, Youngs- 11
ville, was in town Thursday, and paid The f,
Gasette a visit. it
Moss Brothers & Co. have on exhibition in
frOgt of their store a remarkable specimen of b
the findy tribe captured by a fisherman in
Lake Simonette. The head of this curious cl
animal cannot be distinguished from that of
the domestic cat, and likewise the caudal ap
pendage of this inhabitant of the water bears t
such strong resemblance to the tail of the
common cat as to make it almost impossible
to distinguish one from the other. Go and
see it.
The Gazette has been noticing some im
provements going on in the corner building p
next to Mrs. Cornay's and upon inquiry
ascertained that the lady will shortly open
an ice cream parlor, where during the season,
will be found not only ice cream, but soda
water, lemonades, sherbets, cakes, and all
that pertains to a confectionery parlor. The
Gazette feels confident that her venture will b
prove successful.
The commissioners appointed by the seve- c
ral Police Juries for the assessments of rail- *
roads, telegraph and telephones, for the s
parishes of Avoyelles, Acadia, Assumption, I
Calcasieu, Ibetri, Jefferson, Lafayette, La
fourche, Rapides, St. Landry, St. Charles, c
St. Mary, St. Martin and Terrebone will I
meet at Lafayette, Lafayette parish, on t
Friday, April as, 1893, for the purpose of
assessing the tracks of the railroads known
as Morgan's Louisiana and Texas, Louisiana
Western and Morgan's branch road, running
from Lafayette to Alexandria, and all tele
graph and telephone lines running through
their respective parishes.
Dilsciplhe Saves Life.
We unhesitatingly assert that railroad men
are the best disciplined men on earth; and this
fact was illustrated at the depot one night this
week. When the night yardmen were
"kicking" a car in a side track, Alcide
Mouton was giving the signals, Ben Donold
was at the throttle, and Swinddler was to
pull the coupling pin. The signal for the
engineer to come back fast was given, and
when under full headway, the signal to pull
the pin was given, and had been obeyed,
when the watchful eye of Mouton caught
sight of three men crossing the track in
a two-horse surry. As quick as thought he
signaled for the pin to be replaced, which
was as quickly done, and in time to catch the
conpling; and like a flash of lightning the
red light sent its message to the engineer to
stop quick, when, like a thought, went the
reverse lever; out went the sand on the track,
and in the effort to change her direction,
the old yard engine shot her wheels around
r like a spinning wheel, while she rocked like
a monster ship in a storm; and just in time
I for the young men to clear the track; and
for a time, three mothers' hearts
were spared that grief which only a mother
1 knows how to feel when hcreft of a child.
A Fatal Accident.
Information reaches The Gazette that a
sadly deplored accident happened to the wife
s of Mrs. Jules Servatte, in I )usou, some nights
- since. It appeared that Mrs. Ssrvatte had
- placed a lighted lamp near her bed, and by
some unaccountable means the lamp was over
- turned, and the flames therefrom ignited her
r clothes, and burning her very severely. The
unfortunate lady as soon as she perceived her
clothes on fire, caught a quilt and enveloped
herself in it, but too late to escape serious in
jurry. Although given the best attention
known to medical skill, the lady lingered un
til Wednesday, when death ended her suffer
, ngs. In his great misfortune and bereave
ment Mr. Servatte has deep felt sympathy
of all.
The B. M. A.
A fairly attended meeting of the Business
r Men's Association was held Wednesday night,
with Mi. C. O. Mouton in the chair, and
c Secretary A. C. Ordway at his desk.
e The reading of the minutes of the previous
meeting was depensed with.
Upon motion made and carried it
was decided to have printed on the obverse
side of the English circular letter, the same
in French, for general circulation throughout
the parish.
Upon further motion a committee was ap
pointed composed of Messrs. Crow Girard,
A. C. Ordway, Felix Demanade, E. Constan
tin, Dr. F. S. Mudd, Wmn. Campbcll, Julian
sIouton and C. O. Mouton as a reception
conunittee to receive Mlr. l.eslie and party of
capitalists who are expected in Iafayette at
an early day.
d The President was authorized to appoint a
Scommittee of five to confer with a similar
committeee from Ahbbeville, to devise the
best means to forward the acceptance of the
n tax.
n After transacting some minor business the
it meeting adjourned.
Around the Depot.
e No. 5 i6 of the Tap turns her wheels under
the masterly touch of John Tierney, Esq., or
Sas the boys call him "Our Jack." While the
Smodest Thomas Rogers gracefully handlles
d the shovel.
Mr. Robert Tanner holds the silken cords
over the No., 520 while Pat Defaise with the
s, skill of an artist makes her warm.
y The efficient yard master at this place, Mr.
)r Henry Church, left Wednesday for itouston
t on a business trip.
n Brother L. W. Gregory, as he is affec
in tionately called by the boys, makes No. 6r5
is hum while Mr. August Metre raises the
. wild.
Mr. Charles Thompson of the L. WV. Rail
road is presiding over Engine No., 724, while
to Tom Ballard the gentlemanly fireman, makes
things hot.
While working in his garden, Mr. Jacob
Barker, firemen on the switch engine, was
quite painfully bitten by a snake, and we are
e happy to note that no ill results followed.
A new cure for jaundice. We are in'
an formed by a brakeman on L. W. railroad
that one of his brother brakemen on the
C' Morgan had a very severe spell of jaundice
a and after trying all the doctors in town with
it, out any benefit was called on by an old
an colord M. D., who looked at his tongue
Sand prescribed three buckets of white sand
which, the brakeman ate and was cured.
- In company with yard master, Henry
Church, we paid a visit to the round house
this week, where we- -aih. :,pleaure of a
meeting some of the boys. MvIr. Johnnie C
Whelan handles No. 542 with Sidney Vallette 0
fireman; John Donner, htndsotlm and grace- t,
ful like his papa, runs the No. 546, with the tl
no less gallant Walter Ryan ficeman; Mr. I
Thomas Finnegan pulls the throttle on No. r
553 with Peter McG fireman. It was on
this perfection of mech that we spent a
few happy moments t h ld us away back
into the past, when a sotherf's ear listened C
for the signal whistle that told her "your h
boys are all right."
We also had the pleasure of meeting ma- s
chinist Pat Tierney, Esq. and Mr. Charles "
Higgins, sad as CharlieIs a Virginian we had o
to shake hands with hinm twice. c
Carencrs News.
Editor Lafayttle Gasette :
The time is coming, when. our Police Jury, i
or the proper authorities will realize that e
public roads are highways, and not canals
nto which "every Tom, Dick and Harry''
can drain their fields pastures, or plantations. ti
When we reach that period, laws will be
enacted, and regulations established, that will
make it an easy matter to grade and maintain
our roads in proper shalPL. Through constant c
wear and tear, the washing of the rain, and p
blowing of the wind, mest of the public high- '
ways are several feet bekis the general level
of the country througs .ch they pass; now
as long as the owners pTproppCrty bordering t
such roads are perqrtid ~-t cut large drains
leading into them, just so long will we have
impassable roads; and no road overseer, nor c
cantractor, will be able tl keep them in shape. I
There surely must be somne means whereby s
this injurious custom could be stopped, and
some remedial plan afforied.
Mr. Stokes,one of Sunset's leading business I
men, was in Carencro last Saturday.
It is remarked that "Captain" Collier, the
well known detective of Lafayette, has been
summoned to Chicago to enter the secret ser
vice of that city. Ile wjll be accompanied by I
his secretary, Mr. Fritz Pefferkorn, the
"Camelia fiend." Baby Parrott will look
after the interests of the home office during
their absence.
Mayor Courtney has issued his proclama
tion announcing an election for inunicipa
officers for the corporation of Carencro to be
held on May I.
Mr. Geo. E. Brown, is having his large
store building thoroughly repaired and
painted. The front is to be completely
changed, and two large show windows will
mprove its appearance. When the carpen
ters and painters have fitiished their work, it
will be one of our most attractive stores.
Mr. WVm. Cantine, of New Iberia, is here,
having contracts for the building of serveral
wind-mills in the immediate vicinity of town.
Mr. Edwin Estilette has opened a barber
shop in the building adjoining Mr. A.
Breaux's Saloon.
Easter is coming, when the "small boys"
with the varic-colored eggs will be in his
glory.
In the last issue of the Iake Charles Echo,
your correspondent sees that our old friend
and former ;fellow townsman, Mr. G.
Schmulen,is meeting with success-in that city.
In addition to a merchandise and millinery
establishment, he will conduct a general
commission busines.' .... ... --.
Carencro needs a good butcher shop,
where the purchaser can gct the meat that
suits him and for which he is willing to pay.
The present co-operative butchery plan, that
has been in existence in this section for
many )years, has lived out its uscfulnea:;s. It
i.s a puculiar method, in lien if which, any
thing would be an inmprovemlcnt.
Our popular and genial parish Sutpt. of Pul:
lie Schools, Mr. It. E. Toll, went to Lafa
yette last Saturday to pay the teachers.
Alr. Chas. I.usted, and Mtr. I)uverny, the
"wide-awake" representative of A. Mackie,
were in to-.n last Saturday, \Ve regret not
having been on hand to entertain them.
ToTrtnra Vs,.RnIs.
Royville Items.
Editor Lafayette GCaette."
The public school situated here is in a
flourishing condition, with chilren of both
sexes attending. The school is in charge of
Prof. \Vebb, who regards education as one of
his hobbies, and is untiring in his efforts to
instill into the minds of his pupils the most
useful and strictest principles of virtue, as well
as knowledge of a practical education.
Messrs. B. P. Landry and others have re
turned from the sea-coast where they had
been sojourning for the past two weeks.
_Mr. Landry reports having had an excellent
time, with an abundance of fish, oysters, and
game. Chenier Lacroix, Chenicre-au-Tigre,
sand other places were visited.
The base-ball craze that has struck New
SOrleans has reached Riyville and our
Scrack nine are in the "swim." The captain
of the club Mr. P. R. I oy would like to hear
a from : ny club in the perish.
Among the visitors tdot.afayette, this week,
from our village, we rnte: Mrs. Scranton
and daughter, Ruby; lIisrs. Lucien Bmrous
sard, R. O. Young, ydB. Roy, and J. R
lDomengeaux. ini
Hon. O. Cade was qp~ied to New Iberia
Saturday on important- business.
Our town was crowded with strangers this
week, amongst the number we met DI)octors
rR. J. and F. F. Young, of Abbeville, Messrs.
e Triay, Fontenot and Dr.- F. R. Tolson, of
s lafayette, J. A. Roy, J. -M. Olivi , E. Labbe,
Dr. Latiolais, and the Billaud brothers, from
s Broussardville.
e Happy "Joe" Leblanc is now sporting a
new buggy, and "took in" lake Simonette
in grand style last Sunday.
Prof. Latiolais, of Broussard was in town
Monday and called on "ye scribe."
Dr. and Mrs. Duplex visited Villicrville
5 this week.
e One of our friends was seen buggy riding
Sunday, and with him (from the corner of our
I- eye) we caught a glimlpse of his best girl.
e That's right "Dilon." Keep the ball a-rol
ts ling, and vindicate the "Old Dame's" ru
mor.
b Your correspondent was informed that a
us telephone line would be the next move made
a by our citizens, which it is intended shall be
built at an early date, thus placing Royville
V in direct commumncation with the other towns.
d CHEROiKEtE.
:e Broussardvillle Drizz lings.
d Editor Lafayic Gaztte ,
e The operation performed last Saturday on
d Mr. Sevene Boudreaux's leg proved quite
successful. Mr. Boudreaux had been suf
y fering for more than tweenty years with a
s seemingly incurable sore. ~Some two months
ago he went to the Cltatity Hospital in New
Orleans to undergo treatment, but failed to
obtain a satisfactory one. On his return,
Drs. Trahan, Scranton and Latiolais decided
to attempt an operation, and it resulted in
the cutting of his leg, saving the knee. Mr.
Boudreaux is doing well, and is expected to 1
recover shortly from the severe operation.
The sinking of the artesian well at Mr.
Billaud's sugar mill was begun last Monday.
Ninety feet were bored the first day.
Constable George Malagarie left for New
Orleans Sunday. George sent in three mes
sengers in the shape of horses to announc.
his prompt return.
A goodly number fjom our little town
went to witness the hanging of Louis Michel,
in St. Martinville last Friday.
None of the town boys are to be seen around
on Sunday. All out calling on their
counsins or more distant relatives. Get your
wedding cards in shape, Mr. Editor.
A progressive euchre game was played at
Mrs. J. A. Roys's last evening by Misses
Nellie Bailey, Ilaydee Trahan, l.ella Nick
erson, and Messrs. Ed. L. Estorge, Henry
Fournet, J. M. and I.. P. Olivier. Mr. J.
M. Olivier carried .the honors of the game.
Our worthy agent, Mr. Gardemal, tells us
that business is so dull that he has any amount
of spare time.
The opening of the season; the grandest
occasion of the year ! ! Easter Sunday cele
bration ! ! ! Fall in ranks, boys ! Grand so
cial gathering, balloon ascension, torch light
procession, series of tableaux, all to conclude
with a dance at St. Julien's Hall. A price
to be awarded to the best dancer and part
ner. Be sure to give your best girl a chance
to win, don't be too heavy. Lots of fun to
tliise who know how! Two or three bands
will be in attendance to furnish dancing and
"-operatic music." Fail not to attend.
Why should not the High School theatri
cal company give our town a trial, such a
laudable purpose would surely meet wiflth
success.
DUBARDI EU.
The Gazette congratulates its yonng friend
L. P. Bagarry on his marriage to Miss Afa
mie Boas, which happy event occurred in
New Iberia last Thursday. The Gazette
was kindly rememlbered, and hope that their
path through life will always be strewn with
roses.
Services at the .'cthodist Church-First
and third Sundays. Sunday School at 9:30
a. m. 11. ARMSTRONG.
Pastor.
Public Sale.
SUCCESSION- OF EMILE CREIGHTON, DF.
CE-:SE:.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of an order
frm, the Hnnorable i)istrict Court in and for the
parish of I.afavette. there will bhi sold at publicrauc
tion, to the last and highest bidder. hby.the undcr
signed Sheriff. at the last residence of the deceaset
in this parish, on
Saturday. the 22d. day of April.I1593.
the following described property. to-wit :
()ne certain pla:ntation situated in Pilerto ove.lin
the Parish of Lt.aayette, measuring five aepents front
on Bayou Vernotlion. by forty arpentsmn depth.
bounded above by plantation of hMrs. ()deide Moo
ton and below by plantation of Raisin Wallis and
east Ir land of the Estate, tcgether with all the build
ings altd improvements thereon, includig thie crop of
cane pl:nts on said place.
Oine certain tract of prairie anti wood land-sitltated
in l.nfayette Parish. containing eighty sevetn t slpcrf
cial arpeno. more or less, bounded north by Hayao
Taorrte and I.tke Lharlo. east end south by land of
Rosemond I.andry anl west by land of lacqes 1)t.
outo antd sisters. lMrs. hathilde (;ardner. Mrs.
()deide otouton. ars. Etuphentie Creighton. S. R
Wallis. and assigns and Losrph Chevallier anti Euise
"lhibodeaxte. ktown as the Habien tract or swamp.
(One pair of brown nttles.
()ne pair of hay and black mules.
()ne pair of ldalk tules.
()ie red halce.
(ine Iay huggy horse.
O)ne pair votng oxen : nne pair old oenl: t;-t
calves and old cow ; one red cow and t'all : fS,tr heif
ers : Otne ox cart: ; one cane enrt : two old war ln:
one bCtEgy and harness : four old plows : for Avery
R• . : .:.- -nl::rs a. l, S e hrar-ness F'. 1lind bridles
two spades and three hoes: two cultivators m,,'fn,.
cultivator: harrotts; hay torks: platform scales;
one beam scales; one dolble plow; two sweeps: aboutt
coo harrels of corn: al,out t loads of peavines: abont
to barrels of peao; old cotton press: lt of oltd tlmbler
lot of brick: ta cane knives: one watcr cooler; one
prmoir:one dressing cane ; one wash stand ; one
center table : four chairs ; two rockers, etc.. etc.
TIERMS ANII C()N)ITIONS
All the nohlblte wil! he sold for ("ash on day of
sale and the tmmovablirs one third Cash, and tile
balance in too equal instalments. payable rcspec
tic .ly Frbrtlar" 5. Itot and .895. bearlig Iotlt.r-St at
eight per cent. per anntr thereon. from date rlof salt
till paid. with ten per cent. as penal claute, as attor
ney's fees in case of stuit. on the aggregate anlottnt
reovered, tile payment of which credit pcrtion of
said purchase price to heb secutred by vendor' prl o
lege and special mort;:ace on the prtlperty ,ltl, at.
same to be represented Iby Iromisory notes drawn to
the order of the Administrator for the ttee of said Es
tate, and in soltdo. in case of jotint tltr hasers ; plr
chaser or pttrchasers to confets judgElent in uacer ol
said estate in capital. interett, attorneys fees and
charges. and authorifing execltory pr-es to iste
before anv coturt of competent jlrisdlction. ill de
famtlt of tayment at mattrity. ani Itinhling them
selves and heirs not to sell or alienate the propertv
ptrthased to the prcftdlce of atid mortgage and
right to sell aforesaid
ISAAC A. IIR()USS.ARD.
Shertft. lafayette Prishl. l.a.
Sheriff's Sale
STATE OF L()ItISIANA-PARISH ()F LAFA
P. .-. Chi s,-,,n 's. ;- ' ,,f,/tA s l/.,,,k.r.
ft -irtue of a writ of rellllCe alltl alte. Ioft -tI Itrls
the Honorable ltuder of the t7th lis-,sl I tr
tourt., In and Ior the pstlloh of I.tscttc vtrseto
l.ouisotna.. and to me dlr-,-tctcl. I h.st t s- and
will offer for sale. ;i at public allt ton. to ll,- [:.,I ands
highest bidder, at the Court ltousc. it the town of
Iafayette. .atttsliana. on
Safurday. April 22. f593.
between the legal sale hours tlhe following de
scribed propcrty to-wit:
A certain tract of land sittated ill tht- parish of I.a
layette and State of |.Otoisnna. with rll the btts.lssnsg
and imprsvemcnts thereon stasldlnt alsl thereto Ihe
longing. Said tract of Incl cotntainint tfty tstlpsrli
cialarp.not. and is botlnded .dNrth by Lattslot Els
gene [,eltlanc: Sotth hv land ofJ.J. Stnttl tr puhlhlc
road: East by ltond tttIP. A. Chia.sott. andl o\esth
sand ot Mrs. Bernard Lelllanc. beitta ;ctrtttt atnle
property aut-tircd by vendttr from Joseph A. (;rceo,.
Terms--Cah.
ISAAC A. -H()USS.K RI).
Sheriff Parish of l.:olayctto.
SOTIIZB.
-he qtltrterlv meeting of the Farmers' P.rlth
I Itoon os the parith of Lnaayette. -ill be held at l.a
fayette, April 8. 1893. A ftll attendance is reclttetrd.
V. E. IUPULIS. Pretdentt.
R. W. ;t.t.torr. Secretary.
FOR SALE.
Valuable Town Lots.
l.,ols Nos. 54, 195 antI 218, situated in
the Mills addition, mn·asuring toox 1o feet ;
also improved property on Main street t1p
pooite J. E. Martin's place. "c'-t.ts reason
attle. For further particulars apply tto
THE (;AZlF.T'" .
NOTICE
" The undersigned wishes those who hbuse
borrowed tools from him to return snme at
e once as I neetl them. WVM. lrANNER.
I.afayette, March 30, 1893.
SCRYSTAL LENSES
J. E. TRAHAN, I)rtggist, ha5
exclusive sale of these C'elebratesi
i'Glasaes in Lafayette, 1.a, from the
C factory of Keilam & Moore, thc
only complete optical plant in the
a south, Atlanta, Ga.
iar Ae you going
To paint
Your house
This summer ?
IN PAINT use the BEST material you can buy. You will find it is tO
the CHEAPEST.
It is not what you PAY
for or a thing, but what
you REALIZE from it
that determines the
economy of its pur
chase.
"ACM E" PAINT, -JLIXAED PAINT,
Cost NO NORE than inferior grades but are infinitely asperior.
-SOLD BY
MOSS BROS. & CO.
It Has Told !
It Is Telling !
It Will Tell!
THAT
I'. M. 1IBIOESSA'',
_WATCHMAKER AND JEWELER.
Is contiually receiving the finest line in
Solid Gold an,,,d ill, C atches,
Diamonds.
Silverware,
Cutlery., ,,. e, ...,
And the latest Novelties ,.Jew el ry.
Spectacles a Specialty.
Prompt attention given to mail and express orders.
T. M. BIOSSAT,
Lafayette, La.
A. J. MOSS. A. E~MtRti =.
- - MO & MOUTON
-s- -
AT WHOLESALE and RETAIL
O F F I C AN D) R I NE A RR RA IL R O AD D E POT
I.AFA.YETTE, IA.)UISIANA..
Cypress and Pine L.umber, Rough and D)rcssed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plows, Walking
and Riding Cultis ators, (Cotton and (',urn planters, Hlay Rakes acid
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
IIROMPT NEAT
TIHE
LA FA YETTE
GAZETTE
SJOB PRINTING
GIVE US
A TRIAL OR
DER.
CHEAP GOOD
MRS. JOHN O. MOUTON,
NEW AND SEASONABLE
MILLINERY GOODS,
SUCH AS -
Hats, Peathers, Silks, Embroiderie~.tc. "
Also, Ladies' and Childrenf'S 8t e
A! 0--'S:, " .~-~·i~... '-::+--