C' ier- rela-- S
bhich will be held anni
ks: to be hoped th
ofis town will extend tn
en -of the association throe
eception. The selection
ias-the place of meeting hob.
' por which we are satisfied for
It is
of the town and parish or ft
5 slow to recognize. That
~ pi has been singled out as and
then
a:,dlmost suitable place to
ansual meeting of the State Mat
cucii nratl 'Society may well be M
te',- ab expression-of the good brod
.io i which it is held through- Uic
:out Ltis ia. It is for the people v
to i -- wish to sustain that
reputation.; If they do they will r
ihave-a 'piqdid oportunity to show sign
i.' A special invitation has been fa
extended to the ladies and it is safe T
to~say that -they will respond with and
their usual public-spirit and show n
that they have at heart the good cha
name.of 'the town. If they will I
only favor the meetings with their you
presence that alone will be some- Luc
thing to be thankful for. Let us ag.
hope the business men of Lafayette c
as well as the farmers of the parish 1
will do everything in.their power to dou
extend- to the delegates a hearty doe
welcome and help make their stay the
ope
among us a pleasant one.
Hon. C. C. Brown and Mr. Jean- da
mard, of Carencro, were in town you
Tuesday on business. the
Mu
J. L. Johnson, representing the M,
Graham Paper Co. of St. Louis,
was in Lafayette Thursday.
Our Carencro cor. espondent Mr
makes some very pertinent remarks wit
in this issue about the public roads zed
leading to this town. me
pani
The Gazette man was happy to du:
meet this week Mr. Dunham Smith, ch
the efficient and accommodating h
mail clerk on the tap.
Dick Sutton's company performed E.
tat
at Faik's Opera House last Sunday. M.
The troupe was by tar the best that Vi
has visited Lafayette this season. Br
A gentleman facetiously remarked
the other day after looking at the in
large sleeves worn by the fair sex Jm
now-a-days, that ",bloomers didn't of
look so bad after all." he
For satisfactory reasons the State ki
Agricultural Convention will be held d
next Wednesday in Falk's Hall in- er
stead of the Court-house as at first
proposed.
Last week we stated that the pro- A
posed system of waterworks will ai
throw a stream of water "r5 feet
from the end of a ar 4 -inch nozzle." M
Instead of x5 the distance will be o
i5o feet. fif
The venerable Democrat from gi
Scott, Hon. Alexander Delhomme, r<
- was.. in Lafayette Tuesday. Mr. al
Delhomme had just returned from ti
St. Martinville where he had spent h
a day with his old-time friend, Judge b
C. H. Mouton.- t
Thisge are not What they Seem.
It is not unusual for some people o
to look on the dark side of-things. n
They affirm that as long as there's ti
life there's trouble and taxes. A
widow is hardly ever satisfied with v
hIer name. It is not necessary to ii
have four legs to be a hog. A man b
with a red-headed wife seldom talks
too much. Office seeks the man t
with about the same energy that aI
rogue seeks a policeman. When a.
man marries the second time he al- i
ways makes an excuse of some kind
to his friends. Women talk of ow- I
ing other women a call in the same I
way that men speak of owing other
mpen a grudge. A man will look
through his pockets four times be- 1
fore he will give his wife his coat to
sew a button on it. Yea, as long
as there's life there's trouble, and
t ibulation, and trials, and all
things are not what they seem to be.i
J. R. McGuire and Miss Laura
-Fourmy, a couple from Jeannere'te,
a eared before Judge R. B. Mar
ti.M last Monday and expressed the
.' -wt&ri of being united m .the holy
o' -_~bdds of amatrimony. -They pro
zQ U dthe .necessary documents and
- oeed to make them
t   eir request and
lf; . A. ltter the
ar. carriaa an~d
a-d nfe.
fr.: Er, owas tee roca, here cl.t
- y nd vote to'Ho CUston. th Ap et
,_Master Roland Triay entertained has ttle giv
renads Tuesday, it being his 7th birthday and
anniversary A pleasant time was had by ta- g
the little folks. |-'
John Marsh spent several days In washing.- met
ton last week.returniug home Sunday. Co.
Superintendent W. F. Owens passed per:
through Thursday night on an special to hanr
Alexandria, returning here Friday. they
Sheriff Broussard and deputies raided the suci
hobt camping grounds in the east end of the -l
railroad yards and arrested several hoboes
for stealing coal from the company's cars. Pier
It is estimated that they have burned three nom
or four barrels per day. che
Messrs. F. Demanade and C. C. Mabray ted
have leased the Long Plantation near town anc
and J. Nickerson, Jr., will manage it for
themi. you
,J: Pellerin is replacing Assistant Agent of
Mabray, of the So. Pac. Co. Mr. Mabray is fou
away on business. of
Mr. R. J. Tanner left for New.Orleans lish
Friday morning to attend the bedside of his
brother Edward who attempted to commit
suicide Wednesday night. As we go to press bet
we learn Mr. Tanner is doing well, we
Willie Clark, of Duson, was in Lafayette dec
Thursday. ca
Orin Hopkins has Wen appointed day ton
clerk in the Southern Pacific office at this
place in the stead of Ed Givens, who re
signed the position a few days since. flue
A. H. Guilbean, of Carencro, was in La- for
fayette this week. the
The office of the Hogsett telephone line she
has been removed to the Advertiser building fer
and will be in charge of Mr Van der Cftys
sen. We understand that if a sufficit nt J
number ofsubscribers can be secured an ex- cha
change will be will he established in Lafayette in of
the near future.
Miss Mabel Labe entertained a number of
young friends last Tuesdry eveningW
Romala Francez, Alfred Delhomme and ple
Ludovac Guilbeaux returned Thursday from 1
Grand ChenierS where they had gone hunt- to
ing. res
Clebert Delhomme and Lucien Cayret ant
were in Lafayette Thursday on business.
The Lafayette Sugar Refinery closed
down this week after a very successful sea- tw(
son of sugar-making. The refinery has rat
done an immense amount of good to Lafa- the
yette and the surrounding country despite
the disadvantages under which it was an
operated. mul
Before taking their departure a number of me
the refinery boys gave a very enjoyable am
dance at Falk's hall complimentary to the La
young ladies of the town. The attendance
was large and nothing was lacking to make Po
the dance a success in every particular. a1SI
Music was furnished by the Lafayette String the
Band. Tb
Mrs. Eugenic Cor.stantin, widow of the
late Ernest Constantin, has received from i
the Knights of Honor the sum of $2ooo
in payment of certificate held in the order by cei
Mr. Constantin, who connected himself wh
a with the local lodge in 1885. lie wa. 39 at
s years of age ween he joined the order,
and at the time of his death had been a
member ten years, and during that period ter
paid in the way of assessments and lodge plh
) dues the sum of $319. of
James Hannen, district deputy grand of
chancelor of Lafayette Lodge No. 37 K. of
P. installed the newly elected officers,
Thursday night for the ensuing year as fol- p
lows: B. Falk, C. C.; C. Lusted, V. C.; O
E. McDaniel, iM. of W.; L. P. Walker, Pre- no
late; S. J. Bouchard, M. of F.; J. Hannen, f
SM. of Ex-Checker; R. Gentil. M. of A.; J.
t Vigneaux, K. of R. & S.; E. Romero, Inner inl
Guard; Z. Poinboeuf, Outer Guard; A. on
Brower, Representative to Grand Lodge. th
SMaybe you can find a chance to lai
e improve the BUCKSKIN BREECHES. ha
x Just because they are the best pants nc
made doesn't preclude a possibility se
t of improvement. We don't know B
how to make them any better-don't tic
e know how to get any more goodness ha
into them. If you can tell us we'll w.
ddo it. Nothing to small for consid- to
eration if it means improvement. P1
it of
State Agricultural Convention. dt
As already announced the State
SAgricultural Society will hold its tm
11 annual convention in Lafayette, at
Jan. 22, 23 and 24, the dates being
Wednesday, Thursday and Friday hi
1e of next week. The Southern Paci- fc
fic and Texas Pacific roads have
Sgranted reduced rates and will sell sell
e, round trip tickets for one fare, to tI
r. all delegates and visitors. No cer
n tificates or crendentials need be ex- t
At hibited to secure tickets which will h
turn Jan. 25.
a. The convention will be called to
le order in Falk's Hall at noon Wed- C
a. nesday, Jan. as2, and will be open to b
's the public. All interested in agri
A cultural pursuits are especially iu
th vited to attend as subjects of vital
to importance to farming interests willt
in be discussed by able and scientific
a speakers. It is sincerely hoped that
an the ladies of the community will t
a lend their presence as well as aid
a and assistance in rendering the vis
al- itors and pelegates all com tesies
rd suitable to the occasion. Let the
-I good people vie in extending to
ne their guests a hearty and cordial
ier welcome, and cause them in some
ok degree at least, to appreciate their
e- brief sojourn here.
to A pleasant and profitable time is
ng assured all, as an excellent musical
rd program has been perepared to inter
all sperse the regular program of hhe
be. society. R. C. GRE G,
era Secretary Committee.
Ste, Chamberlain's Cough Remedy is
ar- famous for itscescures of bad colds.
the It opens the secretions, relieves the
- lungs and aids nature in restoring
thie system to a healthy condition.
ro- If freely used as soon as the cold is
mnd contracted and before it has become
tem sett ld in the s stem, it greatly les
ad seis the severity of the attack and
n has often cured in a single day what
the would have been a sevexe cold.
lted For sale by all druggists.
an! ls amem r ae. that we do all kinds
e- of job printing.
ie ' Cr'e 4~ro -Sig r Mil closed Tim
down duripg Christ4paý!week, after E
a very succasful season. There is tays
now no doubt that this company year
will introduce sugar making ma
chinery the. coming year and makOe l
their plant complete. This will Ho
give Carencro a full fledged refinery resu
and provide employment for a ten
larger number of men. The gentle- boa:
men comprising the Carencro Sugar Dcj
Co. deserve much praise for their
perseverence; for in spite of the had
hard times, and many adversities, mo
they seem determined to make a Has
success of their undertaking. Tax
The saloon formerly kept by Mr. Mrp
Pierre Guidry opposite the depot is ner
now occupied by Mr. Henry Crou- triec
chet. It has been entirely renova- but
ted and presents a very neat appear- COI
ance. 'Mr. A. Trahan, a popular this
young man of our place, has charge up
of the saloon, and will always be Abc
found on hand to cater to the wants wem
of the many patrons of the estab- locl
lishment. tere
Our cane-planters fared much and
better this season than last, andl yet De
we have heard a number of them Dej
declare that they would abandon hn
cane cultivation, and return to cot- he
ton. We doubt the wisdom of such ho0
a move, and fear that they are in- am
fluenced somewhat by prices paid livi
for cotton this year, losing sight ofi
the fact that the cotton crop was
short while next year they may .suf- the
fer the experiences of 1894-95. bot
Judgg O. P. Guilbeaux has pur- tha
chased the lot formerly the property chl
of Mr. 'P. D. Alpha, and is now fro
erecting a very neat cottage, in -
which he will reside when com- the
pleted. as
Dr. Ursin Pr-jean has returned mo
to Carencro and is now having his cor
residence near the depot, repaired cal
and othewise improved. chi
To say that the public road be. -s
tween Carenero and Lafayette, or tro
rather between the south limit of the
the 6th ward and that place, is in hai
an infamous condition, is putting it ma
mildly indeed. It is an advertise- lvif
r ment to the world of the slowness sat
and weakness of the merchants of Ne
Lafayette, because it is in their plc
power, and is their plain duty to in- egi
sist on the immediate removal of his
the road overseer who is at fault. ret
This official who seems to occupy a the
position as impregnable as that ter
filled by the Czar, could witn con- ate
cert-d action on the part of those the
who have the interest of Lafayette poI
at heart, be compelled to resign and
make room for one more compe
tent; or perform a duty that is as 1
plain as the light of day. The town a
of Lafayette controls a large portion law
of the Carencro trade, and we et
would right here beg to tell our peo- are
ple that the progressive town of On
Opelousas is not many miles to the of
north of us, and if the beautiful city rei,
of Lafayetee i: willing to have its cot
r interests completel-y annihilated by Par
L. one individual we would suggest thi
that we transfer our trade from the ci
o latter to the former place. We ris<
have roads to Opelousas, we have for
none to Lafayette. The road over- inn
y seer of our ward, Mr. O. H. for
w Breaux, is a thoroughly conscien- tw,
tious and competent official, and he LO
is has succeeded in' giving the sixth s
11 ward splendid roads from one limit
1- to the other. What he has accom- dii
plished, can also be done by the Ac
others,-hence what we have written to
does not apply to him or his work. th;
te Mr. F.- Estilette has purchased on
ts two large lots from Mr. B. Cormier, W
e, and will soon build a nice residence. ex
tg Mrs. A. Cheffer has returned Pl,
home after several weeks stay in
New Orleans whither she had gone oF
for medical treatment. he
re Mr. Philihert Broussard is build- of
:11 ing a very pretty cottage, south of P
to the depot. vt
r- A number of our citizens aie in- ti
x- tgresting themselves in a scheme to
ill have the High School removed to
this place.
Mr. Aristide Francez, who was
for a long time employed as clerk p
to with his brother-in-law, Mr. G. H.
d- Guiloeau, of this place, is now with
to Mr. Hohorst of Lafayette. We
ri- wish him every success and know
that he will give entire satisfactiont
in his new position. o
A number of our people who for
illtunately have their lives insured,
fic braved the dangers of an infamous t
mat public road, and attended the Sut- b
till tun entertainment at Falk's Hallt
id last Sunday. They expressed them- a
selves as being much pleased with
the show.
ies Mr. S. D. Arcenaux is making
the preparations to enlarge his livelgy
to stable, and will also build a resi- 1
lial dence near by.
me Our Police Jury is possibly the
eir best body of its kind in the State of
Louisiana, a statement that can be
sustained beyond a 8oubt. The
is history of the parish for the last ten
cal years will show this, but the gentle
ter- mei -we it to themselves to see that
th the road overseers perform the work
for which they are paid, or remove
them without further ceremony, and
substitute proper men,-and call a
Shalt to this "child's play:."
ids. Mr. G. H. Guilbeau, one of our
the enterprising citizens, has completed
ring a large and showy stable in the rear
ion, of his store.
I is Carencro may not be on a
>me "boom," but there surely has been
les- great improvement in the last few
and years.
rhat A public road covered with three
old. feet of water hiding dangerous and
enormous holes, with level and per
Sfectly dry fields on either side is an
inds outrage to patience, and a parody
on civilization.
thrus-sDmosrst. Jan-. AN 4
Edward Tanner, a native of La
tayette," La.; aged twenty-eignt
years, a Western Union telegraph
operator, now lies at the Charity
Hospital in a dying condition, the
result of having swallowed nearly
ten ounces of chloroform. Tanner coS
boarded at the house of Mrs. E. is he
Dejoie, No. 1317 Canal street, and
had resided there for the past three busi
months. About 8 o'clock Feli any
Haas, who had been drinking with such
Tanner all the evening, called on the c
Mrs. Dejoie and told her that Tan= Se
ner was drinking and that he had that
tried, but pould not get him home, thisi
but he had promised him he would town
come. home later. Upon receiving shall
this information Mrs. Dejoie went the
up stairs and locked the,~ room. m
About 9 o'clock Tanner came home, voca
went up stairs and finding his room hered
locked returned down stairs and en- due
tered the room where Mts. Dejoie smhl
and her daughter. Mrs. Louisa Man
Jourdan, were. He asked Mrs. mens
Dejoie why she had locked his room, deli
and she replied, so as to tell when tenS
he came in. Turning to Mrs. De- that
joie, Tanner said, "Old lady, you bush
have always been - good to me. I warc
am going to die. Life is not worth( se
living." He drew a bottle from his that
pocket and drank nearly its entire whel
contents. He reeled and fell on othe
the floor. Mrs. Dej *ie grabbed the g'
bottle and was astonished to find or i
that it had contained ten ounces of se
chloroform, which he had purchased than
from the American drug store. cen.
The ambulance was callkd and or 1,
the students worked on Tanner for Pi
a while at the house, and then re- oro1
moved him to the hospital. They thet
considered his condition very criti- tion
cal. Tanner has a wife and two galls
children residing in Lafayette, and shal
es he is separated from his family, hao
trouble is supposed to have been in
the cause of his rash act. They that
have been separated about six S'
months. Tanner, after leaving his that
wife, went to Atlanta, but was not gral
satisfied with that city and came to lice,
New Orleans. He obtained em- wee
ployment in the Western Union Tel- ai
egraph office. He wrote a letter to F
his wife about a month ago, but she rect
returned it unopened. Ever since beS
then he has been despondent. Yes
terday he was paid off and immedi- coo
ately started drinking, and while in T
that condition he purchased the re
poison. S
tha
Royvilic. or4
The "suffrage amendment" will cut quite (the
a "caper" in the comning campaign. The 5,0
law would be a very good one if it could be
applied years hence. Bui the day has not as
yet arrived when the people of this parish bui
are willing to support a platform that is bent
on the destru. tion of their ballots. The -
National I)emocratic party has been accused cart
of very grave errors since its taking the mit
reins of the government four years ago. Of ate
a course, no good Democrat blamed the has
party, as we were all of the opinion that it P
took a full term to replace the finances of 1
the country, in the same condition that
e Cleveland left them prior to President Har- sor
e rison's administration. We pardon the party
e for all errors done in the past, but we can
not forgive the Democratic party of Louis- th'
iana for having placed a plank in its plat- h
form, that will cast aside and detranchise
two-thirds of its best people in Southwest '
e Louisiana. We are surprised; very much
SSo, at the mild attitude taken by our dele
gates at Shreveport on the suffrage amend- pei
t ment. Why did they vote blank? Why thi
- did they not stand with St. Landry and
e Acadia (glory to those two parishes) and say pet
to the majority of that convention, "we are ty,
Democrats, but we can never vote a plank
that will disfranchise our constituents ?" In pe
d our estimation, a blank vote is two fold thi
worse than having voted for the amendment.
We expect our delegates to give us a thorough Pe
explanation of this matter. They cannot
d plead ignorance, as Lafayette's delegates to
Shreveport were all men of education and PC
broad judgment. We are of the same P5
Le opinion of that pure old creole, that old war
horse of Democracy, ex-Gov. C. H. Mouton, th.
of St. Martin, that conventions do not ex- pa
press the popular will of the misses-never
before did a convention violate so much the wi
voice of the people as did that last conven
tion at Shreveport. CHEROKEE.
:o of
to The High School. ec
The following card, which explains itself, ah
has been sent us with the request that it be di
aspublished. The ladies who took this matter re
I.n hand and carried it to a successful con
clusion, deserve much credit for the good I
e work they did in behalf of public education. tt
TO THIE PUBLIC. w
We, the committee of ladies who under- i
Stook to raise money to supplement the salary f'
of a gentleman as principal of the Lafayette it
r- High School and at the same time retain the
services of a lady assistant, take this oppor- tb
d, tunity of extending our high appreciation of b
us the kind manner in which we were received
it- by those whom we approached. They not ii
all only opened their purses to us, but all, with t
a few exceptions, gave us their good will
m- and bid us God-speed in the laudable under- 5
th taking. We were enabled to collect and S
S place in bank for the use of the High School t
$22o.oo.
ng (.ommittee-Mesdames Felix Demanade,
tI N. P. Young, F. R. Tolson, P. D. Bereaud,
si- T. B. Hopkins.
the An Old Soldier's Recommenda- 1
of tion.
be In the late war I was a soldier in
'he the First Maryland Volunteers,
ten Company G. During my term of I
le- service I contracted chronic diar
hat rhoea. Since then I have used a
rk great amount of medicine, but when
,ve I found any that would give me re
tnd lief it would injure aiy stomach, un
la til Chamberlain's Cholic Cholera
and Diarrhoea Remedy was brought
to my notice. I used it and will
out say it is the only remedy that gave
e me permanent relief and no bad re
ear sults follow. I take pleasure in
recommend;ng this preparation to
a all of my old comrades, who, while
een giving their services to their coun
few try, contracted this dreadful disease
as 1 did, from eating unwholesome
iree and uncooked food. Yours truly,
and A. E. BENDING, Halsey, Oregon
er- For sale by all druggists.
ody DAvis' WILD CIIEiLRY AND TAR will cure 1
Syour Coughor Cold.' Soc. and $t.0o.
AN ORDINANCE to levy, collect asnds m
force piayient of ar annual license tax
upon all persons, asociations of persons,
o business irms andi corporations, pur
suing any trade, profession. vocation,
calling or business, except those who
are expressly excepted from such license
tax by articles ao6 and 2o7 of the con- on
stitution. . t
Section x. Be it ordained by the city
council of the town of Lafayette, that there
is hereby levied an annual license tax for the CRi
year A D 1896 and for each subsequent year, C
upon each person, association of persons or AL
business firms and corporations, pursuing
any trade, profession, vocation, calling or -
business, except those expressly exempt from lice
such license tax by articles zo6 and o of atel
the constitution. S
Section 2. Be it further ordained, etc., that
that immediately after the promulgation of tahb
this ordinance, and each subsequent year, the bag
constable and ex-officio tax-collector of the whi
town'of Lafayette shall begin to collect and for
shall collect as fast as possible from each of paic
the persons or business firms, association of the
persons and corporations pursuing within the leys
limits of said town, any trade, profession, p
vocation, calling or business, a license tax as per
hereinafter garduated. All licenses shall be eng
due and collectible during the first two con
months of each year, and all unpaid licenses be
shall become delinquent on the first day of I
March of each year, and all firms who com- $30
mence business after that date shall become S
delinquent unless the license is paid within less
ten days. the
Section 3. Be it further ordained, etc., -h
that the annual licenses of all the kinds of tha
business hereinafter named, except as after- y
wards provided, shall be graduated in three ply
classes. nan
Section 4. -Be it further ordained, etc., sole
that for every business of selling at retail, sell
whether as principal, agent on commission or qui
otherwise, the license shall be based on the nar
gross annual amount of sales, as follows:
First class-When gross sales are $i5,ooo tha
or more, the license shall be $z5.. nes
Second class--When -gross sales are less in f
than $i5,ooo, and more than $5,000, the li- -
cense shall be $so. car
Third class-When gross sales are $5,ooo da
or less, the license shall be $5. hac
Provided, that if any distilled, vinous, malt, bui
or other kind of mixed liquors be sold in con- tan
nection with the business of retail merchant, sio,
the grocer, restaurant, oyster house, confec
tionery or druggist, in less quantities than five cei]
gallons,the license for such additional business
shall be as hereinafter provided for in Seec
rion 9 of this ordinance; provided further, nui
that no license shall be issued to sell liquors tha
in less quantities than five gallons for less
than $zoo. rec
Section 5. Be it further ordained, etc., $z<
that-for carrying on each business of tele
graphing (including local and district tele- rec
graph), telephoning or express company, the be
license shall be based on the gross annual
qeceipts of each person, association of per- ing
sons, business firm or corporation engaged in cia
said business, as follows: tog
First class-When the said gross annual de
receipts are over $20,000, the license shall of
.be $30. for
Second class-When the gross annual re- ter
ceipts are over $i;,ooo and less than 2so,- sp
- ooo, the license shall be $25. sa,
t Third class-When the said gross annual be
receipts are less than $z5,ooo, the license tic
shall be $z5. he
Section 6. Be it further ordained, etc.,
that for every business of keeping a theatre th
or opera hall where entertainments are given nil
(the population of the town being less than nu
e 5,000 and over ,50oo), the license shall be
S$2'i, to be paid by the person, corporation, th
association or municipality owning or con- ar
1 trolling for rent or hire, the building or pr
buildings in which said exhibitions are held. co
Provided, that no museum, menagerie, ne
circus or other traveling show shall be per- fo
mitted to make exhibition within the corpor- ne
ate limits, unless they first pay a license,
based on the number cf attaches, whether th
proprietors, performers or employes, as fol- pr
Slows: b
First class-When the number of said per- wi
sons is fifty or more, the license shall be st
$1oo. be
Second class-When the number of said b,
persons is forty or more and less than fifty, d,
,_ the license shall be $75. aS
Third class-When the number of said bi
t persons is thirty or more and less than forty, m
h the license shall be $6o60. as
Fourth class-When the number of said pi
I. persons is twenty or more and less than t
thirty, the license shall be $50. tip
Fifth class-When the number of said
y persons is fifteen or more and less than twen- tb
e ty, the license shall be $30o. a
k Sixth class-When the number of said ni
n persons is ten or more and less than fifteen, sc
d the license shall be $2o0 tr
Seventh class-When the number of said n,
; persons is five or more and less than ten, the ss
license shall be $io. d
t0 Eighth class-When the number of said a
id persons is less than five, the license shall be y
Sr Section 7. Be it further ordained, etc.,
n, that each and every peddler or hawker shall o
X_ pay an annual license graded as follows: s
er When traveling on foot, five dollars; f,
e when traveling on horseback, ten dollars; ,
U when traveling in one horse vehicle, fifteen s
dollars; when traveling in two horse vehicle, r
thirty dollars. Provided that the constable
of the town of Lafayette is hereby empower- t
ed and- directed to cause all peddlers and e
hawkers to exhibit their corporation license, t
and if the peddlers and hawkers fail to pro
be duce or exhibit the same, the constable shall c
ter retain their stock of merchandise until said
in- peddlers or hawkers produce the corporation
license.
d Section 8. Be it further ordained etc.,
n. that for every business of keeping a hotel, I
where lodging and eating are combined, the
Ir- license shall be based on the number of
try furni.shed lodging rooms for guests, as fol
tte lows:
the First class--Vhen the said rooms are
or, twelve in number or more, the license shall
of be z5.
oed Second class-When said rooms are nine
not in number, or more, and less than twelve,
ith the license shall be $17.50
vill Third class--Vhen said rooms are six or
ier- more and less than nine, the license shall be
uol Fourth class-When said rooms are less
than six, the license shall be $Io.
de Provided, that for every business of lodg
ud, ing alone, the license shall be estimated on
the same basis as for hotels, buf graduated
at one-half rates; provided, that boarding
houses pay sixty per cent of the rate of
Ia- hotels.
Section 9. Be it further ordained etc.,
in that for every business of barroom, carbaret,
coffee-house, cake, beer saloon, liquor ex
rs, change, drinking saloon, grogshop, beer
of house, beer garden, or other place where
ar- any thing to be drunk or eaten on the prem
Sises is sold directly or indirectly, the license
shall be based on the annual gross receipts
ien of said business, as follows:
re- First class-When said gross r.:ceipts are
un- seven thousand five hundred dollars, or
r more, the license shall be $3o00.
Second class-When said gross receipts
ght are five thousand dollars, or more, and less
will than seven thousand five hundred dollars,
ave the license shall be $200.
Third class-When said gross receipts are
Sless than five thousand dollars, the license
i shall be $ioo.
to Irovided, no license shall be charged for
hile selling refreshments for charitable or relig
un ious purposes; provided, that no establish
ment selling or giving away, or otherwise
Ia dislsig of any spirits, wines, alcoholic or
me malt liquors in less quantities than one pint
uly, shall pay less than one hundred dollars, pro
on rvided further, that when any kind of bush
ness provided for in this section shall be
combined with any other business provided
in section six, the same classification shall be
cure made as prescribed in this section; tbat the
prick of the lieonses shall be equal to the
CAPITAL 6-0,000.
OROW CIRARD, President. S. . PARKERUON, b _
J. 0. PARKIR8ON, Vice President. F. V. MOUTON, AseistIa~I.`
- D1RECTORS
CROW GIRARD, J. S. W.IIIT7ING7OON, P. B. RO?,
C. C. BROWN, A. J. MOSS, J. G. PAR
ALCIDE JUDICE, F. DEAfMANAE, N. P. MOSS :
licenses required for each business separ- S
ately. b
Section so. Be it further ordained etc.,
that for the business of keeping billiard trot
tables, pigeon holes, jenny lind, pool or mat
bagatelle table, and ten pin alleys, from Pait
which revenue is derived, a license of $io.
for each such table or alley shall be f
paid in addition to any other license due by Vhf
the establishment in which said table or al- and
leys may be situated. spo
Provided that all persons, associations of
persons or business firms and corporations by
engaged in the sale of soda water, mead,
confectioneries, cakes, etc., exclusively shall
be rated as follows: of l
First class-When the gross sales are enc
$3000 or more, the license shall be $I5. of t
Second class-When the gross sales are cott
less than $3000, and not more than $zooo,
the license shall be So. cor
Third class-When the gross sales are less
than $2ooo, the license shall be $5
Provid rd that the provision shall not ap- T
ply to places doing the business herein prot
named where alcoholic or malt liquors are year
sold; provided further, that druggist, etc-, ing
selling soda water, mead, etc... shall be re- dre
quired to take out a license under this ordi
nance. To
Section Ix. Be it further ordained etc.,
that the annual license for the kinds of busi- Y
ness hereinafter named, shall be graduated
in four classes as follows, viz: rep
That for every individual or company peale
carrying on the profession or business of
draying, trucking keeping cabs, carriages, She,
hacks or horses for hire, undertakers, master Coi
builders and mechanics who employ assis
tance, the license shall be for said profes- Me
sion or business, as follows: orn
First class-When said gross annual re- t
ceipts are $2000oo or more, the license shall be
$2 .econd class-When the said gross an- ai
nual receipts are $iooo or more, and less Roa
than $sooo, the license shall be Szo. Brid
Third class-When the said gross annual
receipts are $750 or more, and less than
$sooo, the license shall be $15.
Fourth class-When the said gross annual Jure
receipts are less than $750, the license shall
be $4.
That every individual or individuals carry- For
ing on the business or profession of physi
cian, attorney at law, dentist, oculist, pho
tographer, by whom any articles are sold or
dealt in other than the simple photographs'
of various kinds taken by himself, agency
for publication, freight, ticket, claims, pa
tent rights, and all other business not herein
specially provided for, shall be graded the
same as above set forth, but the license shall
be one-half of those established by this sec- reg
tion, and provided no license shall be issued pro
hereunder for less than $5. Col
Section z2. Be it further ordained etc.,
that all traveling vendors of stoves, light- pro
ning rods, and clocks, shall pay a license an- ant
nually of $2o0.
Section 13. Be it further ordained etc., o
that when any two or more kinds of business bir
are combined except as herein expressly of
provided for, or when any person, firm or of
company have more than one place of busi- Pu
ness, there shall be a separate license required an,
for each separate business or kind of busi
ness.
Section 14. Be it further ordained etc.,
that the annual receipts, capital, sales and
premium in this ordinance, referred to as a Ofl
basis of license, are those tor the year for Ne
which the license is granted; the prima fecie Bo
standard for their estimation, is, and shall
be as provided for in section 16 of act No. me
50o of 189o, and the basis for same to be tro
determined by the sworn statement of the Fo
applicant, provided that if the tax collector
i be not satisfied with the said sworn state
ment, he shall traverse the same by a rule,
as provided, and in the manner and mode
prescribed in the constitution and in sections
17 & I of said act of I89o, or other penal
ties provided by law.
Section 15. Be it further ordained etc., that
the tax collector is hereby required to keep
a license register, in which he shall enter the
names of every person, association of per
, sons, business firms or corporations, with the D
trade, profession, vocation, calling or busi
d ness pursued, the class and graduation of the
e same, the amount of license thereon and the l
date of the collection or payment thereof. tic
d On the 31st day of Dec. of each and every pr
e year the said tax collector shall make and he
deliver to the secretary of the City Council
"+ of said town a full and complete transcript bC
11 of said license register, which transcript the
said secretary shall by special report lay be- -
5; fore saidCity Council at its first regular ses
5; sion after said date, and shall file among the
:n same archieves of the corporation for future
e, reference or use.
le Section z6. Be it further ordained, etc.,
r- that on the first day of March each year the
Id ex-officio tax-collector shall deliver to the at
e, torney to be appointed as hereinafter pro
s- vided, a complete list of all delinquent li
1l cense payers, and the attorney to be ap
id pointed as hereinafter provided, shall imme
"n diately proceed to collect same in accordance
with this ordinance; and if not collected
within thirty days from date of delivery of (
'l+ lists by the collector of taxes, it shall be the
he duty of said attorney to render a written re
of port giving the reason for non-collection to I
ýl- the collector, whose duty it shall be to sub
mit same to the city council.
ire Section 17. Be it further ordained. etc.,
all that the mayor, immediately after the pro- -
mulgation of this ordinance, shall designate
ne an attorney-at-law, whose duty it shall be to
re, aid the collector; and upon all licenses and
penalties collected through the agency of
or said attorney, the delinquent owing the li
be cense shall pay a commission to hint of ten
per centum, calculating same upon the ag
ess gregate amount of license and penalties so
collected and paid over to the tax-collector.
Ig- iThe attorney so appointed shall serve during
on the pleasure of the mayor.
Led Section IS. Be it further ordained, etc.,
ing that all unpaid licenses shall bear interest at
of the rate of two per cent per month, from the
first day of March each year, and the collec
c., tor shall collect said license and interest in
et, the mnanner provided by existing laws.
ex- Section 19. Be it further ordained, etc.,
er that nothing in this ordinance shall be con,
re strued as licensing or permitting any per
:m- performance or occupation which is prohibit
nse ed by other laws, ordiaances or police regu.
pfs lation.
Section 20so. Be it further ordained, etc.,
are that all persons or parties subject to a license
or under this ordinunce who begin business
,fter the first day of July shall pay a half
ipts license.
less Section a2. Be it further ordained, etc.,
ars, that all laws or parts of laws on the same
subject niatter in conflict with this ordinance
are are hereby repealed.
:nse Section 22. Be it further ordained, etc.,
Sthat this ordinance take effect immediately
for after its passage
g- Approved Jan. 6, 1896.
ish- Attest: A. J. Moss, Mayor.
se BAXTER CtLEGG, Secretary.
pint For Sale.
n Twenty-fivearpents of good land adjoin
be inag the refinery. The land is situated on
ided the Oak Avenue and bounded north b)
I be Southern Parc, road. Apply to
the 3 D. M£ouor.o.
,the la-i. ii- m.
Some time ago Mr. Simeon Goiltd
baum of San Luis -Rey, Cal., w*W
troubled with a lame back and rhe-i-
imatistn. He used Chambu tlis -
Pain Balm and a prompt curewas.-e
fected. He says he has since ad .:
vised many of his friends to tryi:
and all who have done so have -
spoken highly of it. It is for sale
by all druggists.
A cabin located on the planttipa
of Mr. F. A. Broussard, near' Li;r
encro, burned down on the aikhti
of the 6th, destroying two bal ot,::i
cotton and seventy-five barrei
corn.
Parisa Budget.
The committee appointed to estimat. tl_t,
probable expenses of the parish fons 'wI
year 1896, submitted the follo
ing report which was duly adopted and;or
dered published 30 days, according to laws
LAFAYETTE, La., Jan. 4, 2896 . .
To tAe President and Members of tMe .Plie
fury of Lafayette Parish: -
Your undersigned committee beg leave- to
report the following as the probable ge
penses of the Parish of Lafayette for the
calendar year from Jan. i, to Dec. 31,rsg .18
Sheriff's salary a per contract s350 on
Court-house keeper & con..... zoo on
Secretary of PoticeJury........ so .
Parish tresurr............0.. sa O
Member P.J. per diem...... o500 o
iorone's salary' .. ........ 3 m . 350 00
Assessor's salary.............. oo
Justices and constables..... asoo a0
Total fees of officers...... ........s oas - "'
BmRDsGE AND PUBLIC ROADS
Road overseers ......... ..... 960 0oo
Bridge keepers ............. 55 on
Bridges on public roads...... 00on
Total bridges and roads.............. 315 o00
CRIsmINAL axensas.
Jurors & witr's before Dist Ct. $3oo000o
'eeding prisoners............ o500 00
Total criminal expenses........ 4.... 45oo
For support of common schools..... :... no
For contingent expenses .................. 2500 00
Total probable expenses ............ 536.. 35 o"
Respectfully submitted,
C. C. BIlow.
ALP. A Danomms a
Os-rnan C. Morror.
Notice.
Notice is hereby given that at the nest
regular meeting of the Police Jury sealed
proposals for the keeping of Pin Hook
bridge for the year 1896 will be received.
Contractor must obligate to keep flooring i- a
proper repair, keep bearings well reased
and in proper order for working said bridge.
The bridge must be opened at least
once a week and contractor must
bind himself in double the amount
of the award for faithful performanee
of the conditions herein specified. The
Police Jury reserves the right to reject sany
and all bids.
R. C. G rEIG, Secretary, P. J..
Spencer's Business College,
Shrevepnrt, La.,
Offers a full commercial course for...... ...$4O
Necessary books to complete the course.. so.
Board and lodging, per month... ....... 5.
With our superior course and practical
methods of teaching, our pupils have no
trouble in finishing in three months' `time.
For particulars, address,
L. C. SPENCER. P i::.~ial1
or W. A. LEROSEN, Secre-ay. y
D. V. Garde bled
PHARMACIST,
and dealer in
Drugs, Patent Medicfnces,
Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
e Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
Y Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
d houts of the day and night. Everything o
t be found in a first class drugstore.
e JirNext to Falk's Opera House. ,
SGEO. A. DEBLANC
-dealer in
t- WOOD, LIMEpiTTSB'RS" :M.
Wholesale and retail.
Machine-Sawed & SpliltAsh
Stove Wood.
of Cypress and Pine Kindling.
e- All Orders Promptly Attended to.
to LAFAYETTE, . . - - LOUISIANA.
b_
Office and Yard near R. R. Depot.
Sn45-t.
Lte
to
nd
of KILL-GERM
en CURES ITOH
S IN 3O MIsNUTES0
SCures Mange on Dogs.
Cures Scratohes quieker thei
, any other known rem.edy . I
cc Cures all skin diseases.
in For sale by
c., TVM. CLEGG.
on,
it- Chamberitin's Rye and 3dhm
u. i unequxaolled for Eroe~
iRhicum, Scald Head, Sore lpp
c., ITands, Itching Piles,
e CluinieSoreo e ad
ss for sale by druggists at 2~ a
TO HORSB OW i
c., For putting a horse in a ufin
me dition try Dr. Cady's ee -
nec They tone n the system, lki
loos of eappette eieve
tc. kidney disorders and I* -sa
elynew life to an old or
,nts per package. For sl
C. Je nna