.j .T -tAYETTE GFAZETTE.
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 29, 1896. NUMBER 52.
General
SMerchandise.
Sewest Prices Consiste.t Wlth
S Quality of Go6ds.
Lisel Avenue, t LAPAYSTTE, LA,
C. A. VOORHIES,
'DDRESS:
Derbly sad Esplanade Sts., New Orleans, La
Represents
LIQUORS,
S 73 and 73S Lucas Avenue,
ST. LOUIS, MO.
W. BERNARD,
Barber Shop,
Dontengeasx Building, b
Near Southern Pacific Depot. u
li
CHAS. D. CAFFERY, a
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public ,
Office on Madissl St.. LAFAYETTE. LA.
a
O. c. & J. MOUTON, i1
.Attorneys at Lawy,
LAFAYETTB, LA. a
- ci
Sidney Veazey, E
i LIVERY bl
ED Stable.
Lincoln Avenue, di
Two Blocks From Depot. be
fret-class rigs at reasonable pile..
nrefual drivors furnished whoa required
LAFAYnTETs, LA. th
Jan IT. tle
co
C. DEBAILLON, W
Will practice in Lafayette. St. Mary ail
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su- of
prom. and Federal Courts at Opelousas
lad Noew Orleans.
z LAWAnTI'TE. A - fel
SRAILROAD BARBER SHOP. u
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot. cOl
THE "OLD RELIABLE." pu
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor. th
Pe,
MT. CARM COJVIT' i
ide
LAPAYETTS, LA. edi
The system of education ineluaee the
iench-and English ianguages. Me ;oe
nd all kinds of needle-work. Every
attontion will be tgiven to the health it
and comfnrt of those -placed under the
care of the Sisters. ton
SFor terms applly tothe Superior. ene
the
LAFAYETT, E t
anC
Blacksmtth, he
WHEI.WRIHT ank SUPPLYT BOP. ut
Wear Bank Uonllas. -
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor. A
Lowest prices, consistent with work
tone. All work promptly attended to the
atisfaction guaranteed. dy a
H. C. SALLES, c al
DENTIST, e.
Office on Buchanan Street, n
E E. O. VOOR-IES, -
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND *
NOTARY PUBLIC, i
lia , tbe t pAte, DU Ai
oA psrtitloner in the trte N yarJs
eand in Lafayette Parish 11 years, c alls
Sattention to-hs new and suncessful trat4 &a
,eat o. the respiratory organs. • e th
Sml inhalations combined with cpafnst
trtionaltreatment affording a Pb'l
C-onsumption, in the first sad'
tperiod I they follow exactly the
tF Justice of the1eaeK
taf and proe t attentin
*t eolectono
 ale nd pur~es Seasto.bWW-l·_
;~o ~e 1or1S~yi
8r iL d NIerr
tee
. -TF- oLt .
WnJ was but ah boy I
Throi Wiery nook ad' r
old country home.
At de y -morn to paetu ~r ve
the Kows, and when u
tFhe pin ws fading in
themhome again. .
There was one among the - Ve
mebiler very well,
It seems bt yesterday I saw th
wore the bell.
She Wasn't any prettier no- :
But all the otlsap followed her 1
she Would lead: I
And In my youthful mind I ueie'tow
With why aid how - .
It was thatiall the cattle to .+a
bell cow.._
Strange years of shadow and
L LA passed away since then, "
And now I mingle daily witiL the -#usy
hoats of men, 1
And still I muse-as earnetl, .wht
used to as earnesdtlo,
For men, I find, are likewise quite peculiar
creatures, too.
And some have natures made of gold, with- c
ah" V out a speck or flaw.
While- some are only gilded forms all
padded out with straw.
And :while the modest, worthy fhan the h
world may never heed; -
The counterfeit, who loudly brags, steps i
in and tak.hs the lead. ,
I The one who "'oots his horn" is-sure to P
get the crowd. and now e"
I know why all the cattle tagged the old a,
bell cow.
- -Nixoh Waterman, in L. A. W. Bulletin. h
S BTEMBLE'9 INVESTMENT.
Si
BTY CHARLES DUDLEY RHODES.
The town marshal, ex-officio editor rI
of the Lariat Exponent, afterwards IN
declared that his bad luck came that to
night with the rain. It first came leak- ex
P ingl tliingh the roof about midnight, pe
and, finding a convenient crease in his
blankets, trickled slowly downward, sa
until it awoke him with a start. BJe- bi
ing a man of few words, he simply gave in
a grunt of disgust, leaned over to a cor- in
ner of the diminutive room, seized an til
umbrella, opened it, thrust it accurate
ly under the leak, and calmly fell th
asleep. sh
.A. In the morning things were in even th
a worse state. The bed was a minia- tu
ture island, the type-cases were half go
filled with water, and the press, a foot- Ju
power affair, stood cheerlessly in a -be
damp corner as if waiting to be resus- mn
citated _fronj its all-night exposure. he
Even then, Hank made no remark- WV
his first act after sitting up in his a
blankets being to pull forth slowly a we
huge plug of tobacco from his hip
pocket, take a generous chew, and then, ms
as if irtified against all manner of gil
disagreeable things, to spring up and me
begin putting things to rights.
se There was a knock at the door. yel
.- "Come," lie shouted, gruffly; and hi.
there appeared to view a little old gen- wa
r. tleman whose black frock-coat, white Ha
collar-an inusual luxury in Lariat- pal
and air of quiet dignity accorded well it?
with his gray hair and mustache. tw<
"Pardon me," he said, with a slight a
rrp air of diffidence, "but is this the editor wa
So. of the Exponent'' bhe
as Hlank nodded. wa
"I am Col. Stemble," the little old tra
fellow continued, affably, "and I am str
up here on special business for the the
SBlack Butte Cattle company. Now, to the
come to the point, I am very anxious liar
to have a special edition of your paper Las
published to-day." T
Htank kicked an empty tin can under in
the press, and looked hard at his boots. awi
People were wont to say that he was a the
cautious man. wit
"It 'wiltpay," the cattle man con- mid
tinued; "and this will give you some her
idea of my wishes." He handed the and
editor. some pencil notes and a new tiot
greenback. A
be "Get the paper out by three o'clock Exr
' at the latest, and above all things make if i
it interesting." a dc
ha "I'11 do it," Ilank replied, with eus- and
tomarybrevity; and then,withrenewed "]
energy, he resumed the renovation of late
.the little one-story shanty which the
served as editorial office, press-room frot
and home. - dist
The old gentleman smiled to himself non
as he trudged away-such a paternal, pert
benevolent smile as to seem almost late
out of.place in such an unconventional It is
wicked'little frontier town as Lariat. the
As far as the eye could reach were to erou
a be seen the temporary structures of elcve
ri canvas and tarred paper which were whi,
the homes of the inhabitants. Up and dolls
d6Wn the railroad the first-comers had .'.
pitched their tents, and as the town fare
grew rough streets had been formed, noui
ranging back to the line of low hills at stak
the east. Lariat enjoyed the distinc- Big:
9 tion of being the extreme end-of the azine
new railroad "which was rapidly push
ing its way through Wyoming towards
L the great northwest. Crouch's, down "T
- the road, had until recently enjged getti
that honor, But one fine morningYlfer joke,
0 the first train had pushed-on to the "'
present site of Lariat, the in'habitants neph
ot the older town had emigrat~ d in a "I
. by, and Crouch's was ao more. over
""'- to the editor's pronjse, the wom
wi]nrzt appeared at the time named, my c
" 1y iot until Hank O'DonughallU a man "0
hawhose' veins ran a strain of ~rity low i
Sotch blood,. had engaged in several "N
b Wyterious transactions with ctai , -"T
', i Qtei'tyw oers of Lariat, in eje - "I
C ady money that the or this
dbeen,.hoarding up for many ; all t
*- latt.e became the owner o - could
-lernbeedltrip of land along an' I
"a--an ,cquisition ate gi e
PIeMied .b *the following pai
wmIio appeared in the : h9 i
p  fCol..C.H. Stembe r,
- ~eu* -a. prominent stock-ibl '
B  .Cattle com -.
..-a contempliting-  -
V e stocke yards
f tIe shipment of cuttlie u j
Swi~a¶ riaver valley. ,ft is We~Ueis t
-- .e upon the gret inn Ie the
_.,f de,-,viln haLU .p6hr7 .
,to, '.hwes¶ ,+t-,,e e, '
.arranged. That evening the colonel
held an enthusiastic reception at the
Alagazan,theleading hotel,where there
gar were none so confident of the future
of Lariat, so jovial, and withal so lavish
with his money, as he. Incidentally,
it may be said that the bar of the Ala
gazan did a big business, and that the
landed proprietors of Lariat, Hank Afe.
Dougall especially, awakened to the
fact that they had a good thing.
The next morning the colonel, note
book in hand, and accompanied by the
leading citizens of the town, inspected
property available for the uses of the
Black ButterCattle company. In the
e afternoon-for the agent's time ,,as
.i limited-the purchasing began. The
courteous old gentleman who had en
#usy tertained them so hospitably the night
before did not haggle over prices. lie
bat I paid cash for his new acquisitions in t
uliar crisp, new $500 notes-a proceeding L
which, to make change, unfortunately,
with- drained the townhis a short time of all
its smaller denominations.
By evening the English syndicate
the had acquired a choice tract of land t
lying on both sides of the railroad, in
steps the heart of Lariat, for which it had c
re to paid out some $25,000. McDougall, t
editor and town marshal, had made '
e old some thousands by the deal, and had v
tin. he been a ready speaker would prob- n
ably have said: "These Englishmen are v
the biggest suckers I ever saw." But, s
as it was, he contented himself with the b
simple words: "Beats all!" a
.8. It wanted but a few minutes of train- a
time, next day, when the colonel, car- a
litor rying his compact little valise, his face r
irds beaming with happy good nature, saun- i,
that tered leisurely down to where the big n
eak- engine was puffing and blowing, pre- V
ght, paratory to its long trip down the road.
Shis "I must leave just at this tine," he ti
ard, said, "to transact some very important it
Be- business in Cheyenne. But I'll be back fA
lave in a week or ten days, and begin work w
cor- immediately." And he treated the lit- a
i an tie crowd about the train to cigars. bi
ate- The whistle tooted a warning note, w
fell the bell rang and the colonel cordially Is
shook hands all around. Stepping on pa
yen the rear platform of the train, he de
nia- turned about once more and waved his se
half good-byes to persons in the distance. of
)ot- Just at the moment that the wheels he
, a began to turn, Hank McDougall, his tr
Sus- marshal's star gleaming on his vest
ire. he wore no coat-came running down ca
k- Wyoming avenue from the post office, re
his a yellow paper in his hand, which he sI
y a waved dramatically over his head. ri:
uia. "Stop that train!" yelled the town
ten, marshal. But the conductor and en- de
of gineer did not hear, and the train it
Lad moved on. su
"Jump, you scoundrel, jump!" again vu
yelled hank, at the same time drawing tr
lnd his gun. The colonel's only answer fa
en- was a polite wave of the hand. Then ha
ite Hank took a snap-shot at the fast de- de
t- parting train, and-would you believe bo
-ell It?-that. little old man whipped out po
two pistols from somewhere, quick as ac
,ht a wink, and for a few moments the be
tor way the bullets whistled about the the
beads of the crowd along' the track to
was something wonderful. And as the we
>ld train grew smaller and smaller in its 1
Im straightaway course over the prairie, the
he the last act of the lone passenger on we
to the rear platform was to wave a white gri
us handkerchief towards the little city of no
er Lariat and disappear within the car. rio
The town marshal replaced his gun fol
ler in his hip-pocket and turned sadly cia
ts. away. Deaf to repeated inquiries as to pri
a the meaning of it all, he disappeared the
within the editorial sanctum; for in the twi
n- midst of all excitement he still remem- del
ne bered that, ex-officio, he was an editor, mo
he and-he was both a thrifty and a cau- of
vw tious nman.
An hour later another edition of the wit
-k Exponent appeared, double-leaded, as Wi
ke if in mourning, and the copies sold for ing
a dollar apiece. The editorial was brief see
s- and to the point.: no
ed "Front a telegram received only too tha
of late by our town marshal, because of sise
:h the necessity of forwarding it by mail )not
m from Crouch's, it appears that our late gen
distinguished visitor, Stenlble, was it s
If none other than the well-known des- atic
il, perado and confidence man Ike Rogers, not
st lately a fugitive from the Black Hills. at i
al It is painful to be forced to state that ing
t. the greenbacks which Rogers so gen- sees
to erously distributed while in Lariat are cap
if clever counterfeits, in exchange for urel
-e which he carried away thousands of 1863
d dollars of our citizens' earnings.
d "The editor of the Exponent bids T
n farewell to his many friends, and an- the
, nounces his intenton of pulling up pros
it stakes and moving immediately to the moc
- Big Horn country."-Lippincott's Mag- an I
ae azine. the
1- doze
Is Going Too Far. ate
a "This here 'new woman' business is it is
c gettin' to be too darned serious fer a wer
r joke," said Uncle Hiram, solemnly. som
e "Vhat's the matter now ?" asked his tori
5 nephew. geni
a "Wa-al, I was down sorter lookin' ofte:
over the tough part o' your city, an' a ligem
e woman ran out of a house an' grabbed ing
I, my ol' hat." slig
a "Oh, that's an old trick. Did you fol- gra
' low her?" pect
1 "Not much I didn't." duce
S'That was lucky for you." mati
"I sorter reckoned that if she got fact.
r this here 'new woman' fever so bad as over
Sall that," explained Uncle Hiram, "she with
couid: have the ol' hat an' welcome; effec
an' I hollered arter her that if she'd steat
give me her address I'd ship her down soon
pair of overalls when I get back to able
,thg farm."--Chicago Post. woul
] ° go-'q beyond the bounds of moder- s al
is to outrage humanity. The trich
tness of the human ibul is shown and
'' knowing how to keep within'proper the ]
. mds. So far from greatness con- -
t ; in going beyond the limits, i prepi
-!ly consiists in keeping within them.. whic
. l anatt
geeatstest results in lfe are nsu- wan
a fknttaed by simple means and the near
se ordinary qualities. These Infer
na pm'tme nost-part, be summed up blnn
O-conano *681111 ad peas's the I
Vhra
dIonel AN INCAPABLE CONGRESS.
ithere Dtreelug lrcapaclty of the RepubUlesa
eouse.
uture The president urged congress not to
avish take a holiday recess without making
tally, provision for a pressing financial emer
Ala, gency. Congress did not adjourn. It
et the tecognized the need of action at once
k MC' If there was to be fsction in timne to do
I the any good. The house passed a tariff
bill and a bond bill, neither of which
note- was of any use whatever for the pur
y the pose of meeting the emergency.
acted Now we are told, after all this show
f the of alacrity on the part of the house,
t the that "senators feel there is no necessity
Sa for them to make haste," because
The "neither of these measures can pass
1 en- for many long weeks and perhaps
right months." Therefore senators proceed
lie in the most leisurely way to complete
as in the organization of their house as a
ding republican body and then talk of ad
tely, journing for a week without attempt
if all ing to do anything in response to the
president's appeal.
icate Thus we have a complete and dis
land tressing demonstration of the inca- 1
I, in pacity of either house of the present
had congress to act rationally in a situa
gall, tion which demands prompt action. 1
wade The one thing to be done was to pro
had vide for the maintenance of gold pay
rob- meats at a time when the gold reserve
t are was liable to be exhausted in the ab
But, sence of power to replenish it at once
Sthe by borrowing. The president asked
authority to borrow on the most favor
aln- able terms and to protect the reserve
car- against further raids by canceling the 1
face redeemed legal tenders or at least hold
iun- ing them in the treasury so they could
big not be used again to empty the gold e
pre- vaults.
Dad. The house responded by passing a
he tariff bill, knowing-perfectly well that
t it could not be pass d and put into ef
ack feet in time to do any good, even if it
ork would bring in any gold when in effect,
lit- and knowing just as crell that it would
bring no gold into the treasury except
ote, what was drawn out in exchange for
ally legal tenders. It also responded by h
on passing a bond bill depriving the presi
lie dent even of the power he now has to
his sell bonds for gold drawn from sources
ice. outside of the treasury. In short, the n
iels house passed two bills to embarrass the
his treasury, not to afford security. t
i And the senate confessed its utter in
wn capacity by placidly organizing as a
ice, republican silver body and going to
he sleep with the president's alarm bell
ringing in its ears. b
wn What sort of a congress is this to i
en- deal with a state of affairs under which
ain it may become necessary to raise large
sums of money? Puppose war should
sin suddenly break out between this coun
ng try and Great Britain, how would we
ver fare financially ? New loans would Dl
tcn have to be authorized, for the treasury
ce- department has no authority to issue
we bonds for war purposes or for any pur- ti
tut poses not specified in the resumption K.
as net. But nt2 reasonable loan act coulU re
he be had from this congress. Even if ur
he the house should develop sense enough th
ck to authorize a gold bond the senate to
le would have none of it. 6l1
its If war should break out now about ta:
ie, the first thing this congress would do co
on would be to authorize a great lot of be
ite greenbacks and silver certificates in
of against alleged seigniorage. Suspen
sion of gold payments would quickly fra
un follow. The currency would depre- th:
ly ciate as it did during the civil war, wi
to prices would go up to correspond and pe'
ed the cost of the war would be at least a
he twice what it ought to be. And the the
n- debt would have to be paid in sound ha
,r, money or the public and private credit ter
u- of the country would be ruined. rei
War would be a double calamity wil
he with such a congress in the saddle. pal
as With the possibility of war confront
or ing them people ought to be able to a
ef see the importance of a sound and solid ing
monetary system. They ought to see rhe
io that the government never should exer- ash
of iese the power to issue legal tender It
iii notes except to meet some great exi- wh
to gency, and even then should exercise ing
as it so sparingly as not to cause depreci- to
s. ation. They ought to see that such Iu
s, notes should be withdrawn completely ral
a. at the earliest moment after the pass- not
it Ing of the exigency. But this congress by
., sees nothing of the kind. It is far less 1
-e capable of enacting wvise financial meas- por
,r ures than were the war congresses of the
,f 1861 and 1865.--Chicago Chronicle. It
Protectionist Trlke. the
Is There is much talk in the organs of agP'
.- the "revenue emergency bill,' as the tha
p proposed revival of McKinleyism on a it S
e moderate scale is called; and there is crea
an apparent belief on their part that riot
the president can be cajoled or bull- tax'
dozed into signing the bill--li the sen- sho
ate should pass it-on the ground that Opa
s it is what he asked for. If it really tak'
a were what he asked for there would be o
some ground for the belief; but it no- G
s toriously is not. Calling it an "emer- che
gency revenue bill," no matter how sta
' often repeated, cannot blind the intel- nati
1 ligent public to the fact that it is noth- the
I ing of the kind. There is not the eat
slightest reaqon-beyond Dingley's out
- grandiloquent proclamation-to sus- tha
pect that it will ever be a revenue pro- che
ducer; and the grandiloqulent procla- N
mation is not supported by a single the
Sfact. It is absolutely certain, more- ba
Sover, that if it were to become a law T1
,within the next six month- its first Di
effect would be to reduce revenue in- Kin
I stead of increasing it, because just as noi
Ssoon as it seemed in any degree prob- -
able that it would pass, the market take
would be glutted with. all the articles publ
upon which the duty is increased. It face
Is aout ae naked a bit of protectionist then
trickery as the country ever witnessed, e 1
and it has witnessed a good many In rst
the past 30 years.-Detroit Free Prea. Icred
--Mr. Dingley's gross blunder inf the snap
preparation of a new tariff measure suc
which he makes an abbreviated bob- ditio
'ailed MeKinley bill is gross even in a in t
matter of detail. Mr. Dingley, chair- gres
man of the committee on ways and Utic
iaeans, ought to have been well enough -
Informed to save his committee from a thee
blunder which designates the aqt as has a
the act of AIugp4 S, lg iaag .ao colle
3S. TRANSPARENT SHAMS.
bilesa T e Seari Schemes of ftslpbleas if
Reieving the Treasury.
not to Some of our republican friends are
aking still trying to delude themselves into
emer- the belief that the action of congress
. It was a proper response to the president's
once request to do something to relieve the
to do treasury. "The house," we are told,
tarif "prepared and passed a bill to increase
which the revenues of the government, taking
pur- at once the sure way of affording the
gold reserve protection."
show Did it? On the republican theory the
ouse, only trouble with the treasury was a
sslty lack of revenue. The Dingley bill was
muse offered as the remedy. "It will add
pass $40,000,000 to the revenues at once,"said
haps Mr. Dingley. Well, that is more than
iceed enough revenue required if the repub.
plete lican theory were correct. If the only
as a trouble was lack of revenue, and this
f ad- bill supplied that lack, what more leg
mpt- Islation is necessary?
1 the The republicans, however, give the
lie to their own professions by immedi
dis- ately proposing and passing through
Inca- the house a bond bill for the very pur
!sent pose that the first bill was said to be
itua- for. But neither the increased tarifl
tion. bill nor the bond bill will accomplish
pro- the relief of the treasury. The one is a
pay- sham measure, designed to restore a
serve portion of McKinleyism under false
ab- pretenses. The other is an alleged im
once provemcnt on the present law author
sked izing the issue of bonds to protect the
vor- gold reserve. But the prospect of the
erve benefit that might result from a proper
the law authorizing. a bond issue is swept
to away in advance by the provisions of
nld the bill. In deference to the populist
gold element in the republican party, the
provision was inserted for the pay
s ment of the bonds in "coin," instead of
that n gold. Another clause forbids tlbe e- T
ifit tirement of the greenbacks. The fOr
Feet mer provision will prevent the sale
uld of the bonds for a high price. The
second keeps up the "endless chain."
for The president has investigated and
finds. that there is no prospect of any
by helpful legislationwhatever. The house
esi- is simply trifling with a growing situa
s to tion; the senate, organized as it is, can
the not be relied upon for anything. There- P
the fore, the president will proceed to use
the means -that the law authorizes, to
Sin- maintain the credit and integrity of
this country, as he hqs done since
to March 4, 1S94, when the republican ad
Sministration handed over to him a
bankrupt treasury. There will be an
to issue of bonds soon, we are told, under
ich the law of 1875, to protect the gold re
serve. The republican congress simply
ul passes fiove sham measures to relieve
the administration.-Utica Observer.
we A ROBBER TARIFF.
uld Dingleylsm Designs to Defraud the Amens.
ary can People.
sue The Dingley robber tariff bill (this
ur- title almost rhymes with the "M'c
ion Kinley robber tariff bill") which the
ul republican house passed by an almost
if unanimous party vote restores wool to
igh the dutiable list. The proposition is
rte to again tax the people's clothing and
blankets-one of the most outrageous
rut taxes that can be inflicted upon the
do consumers of the land-and all for the
of benefit of a few raisers of fancy sheep A
tee in Ohio.
!n- The people have been fighting for
rly free wool for many years, and, now
re- that they have secured it, they will not
ar, willingly surrender the boon. The
nd people declared for untaxed wool after
Ist a long and careful investigation, and
he there is no reason to suppose that they
ad have changed their views. The at
lit tempt of the republican congress to
reimpose an outrageous tax on wool
ty will result in the repudiation of that
le. party at the polls next fall.
It- Why did the republicans provide for
to a heavy tax on wool and woolen cloth
id ing in this Dingley bill? The real
ce cheep raisers of the country did not
!r- ask for it. It will not benefit them.
er It will probably benefit a few men
ri- who are engaged in fancy stock rais
se ing, and who will thereby be enabled
li- to rob the public of vast sums of money.
lh unt the general run of farmers who
ly raise wool for the market will not only C71
ns- not be benefited-they will be injured
ss by this outrageous tax.
ss The American Wool and Cotton Re
.s- porter gave an interesting review of
of the woolen trade of the United States. S
It showed that during the past year
the sales of raw wool in this country
af aggregated 86,000,000 pounds more
Ie than the sales of the previous year;
a it showed that American wool had in
is creased in price during the same pe
it riod, precisely as the advocates of un
1- taxed wool had predicted it would; it
- showed, too, that a remarkable devel
,t opment of the woolen industry had
y taken place since raw wool was placed
e on the free list.
z Good all-wool clothes are cheap now,
.e cheaper than ever before, notwith,
Sstanding the increase in the price ol
- native wool. This is accounted for by
Sthe fact that the foreign wool which
e enters into the goods is obtained with
Sout any tax. It has been demonstrated
,that a cheap coa't does not mean a
cheap man under it.
No good reason can be assigned why
Sthe American people should wish to go
back to the days of taxed wool.
S The wool tax is an outrageous one.
t Dingleyism appears to be only fe.
Kinleyism behind a new mask.-IlIi-.
Snois State Register.
--Unless the president's advice is a*
t taken on the financial question, the re- i
5 publicans will find themselves face to ao
t face with a situation that will appall ets
L them. Can they be so blind as not to Clin
Ssee that in the present emergency the a
I first thing to be done is to make the wei
credit of this country free from everyJ La4es
suspicion, and to make our currency
such that no man need look at the con- aes
dition of the gold reserve the first thing RI!.
in the morning? The republican con- o
gress is playing a dangerous game.-~
Utica (N. Y.) Observer.
---Since it has been placed stridd AU
the old tariff issue MIr. McKinley's boom
has enjoyed something if its formerez.
cellent health and chippepit dlspQsltel
*atobl@.q seco4 (Iad). - 1p. I
F3FELIX DEMANADE,
Is aie
s into
3h The IUp-to-Date Merchaut,
!rease
y the
Groceries, Crockery,
I was
ha Liquors, Willowware,
!pub.
only
leg Fancy Goods.
· the
nedi
ough Frell Vthtoeol! Chueap Prioe. S
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA.
aril
puish
eTRAHAN & DOUCET,
the Successors to J. E. TRAHAN.
the
I DRUGGISTS
py- --AND DEALERS IN
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
hFancy and Toilet Articles.
ny Bchool Books and Stationery. Base Ball Goods. CIgars
ause and Tobacco. MIeillier's Perfumes.
tua*
Man
E PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIGHT
o.f
lee
P. D EFIANAD4
anx
der
re
LIQUORS,
Wines and Tobaccos,
I to
L1is
tad
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
the
P A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON,
he
ter
to
LUMBER,
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
th
aml
Lot OFFICE AND YARD:
iear Railroad Depot, : Lafayette, La.
ed
ho
v Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingle.
ed Sash, Blinds, Mlouldings, etc.
STragonf, C3isternsM.
r. Screen Doors and Extension Screen Windows.
ry
re
r;
e
it ICYCLES.
1
Are the
y Highest
Sof all
High
Grades.
Warranted Superior to Any Bicycle Built in the
VWorld, Regardless of Price.
Read the following opinion of one of the most prominena
American dealers who has sold handreds of these wheels:
m t b Tood Indiana Ble ~ele o. Indiana - I.~.RCHMlo D, VA., October 2,18 Is.
poWeeas....... s.oo a reaid ye. hae sent us the Igh-priced wheel y mit ae. Yno
| use~- ..can't mean to tell us that this wheel retails for $857 We must say that Is
ti R__ims,_ Wmv eriy is without exception, the prettiest wheel we have ever seen ,r an oce
clincherie, w~eieht oaer, we have lathtn in it although It weighs only 22 pounds, for ail V'aveIys
4 _ pounds....0...0 I we have sold this year and iast (andyou know that is a right agood n "s
3eir PLrs, same ber) we havenevur had a .fime nor fork brokea eithe from acident cc
wei.hts........0...... 0 defect, and that ii more tihan we can 5 for any other wheel, howe-s
La~ies" Drop .ramehigh grnde. so-cated, that we sell_ We oongratulate ourselves every day
saL mel we igt and thati b we are the avei.rly aens . Youtrs Iralyo.,
TIres....... 0 .... .ALT3R . m RC -
tadles' liamond. Wood
n..... ....... ILLUSTRATED CATALOOUE F__.__
Indiana Bicycle Co
Indianspolis, inilna
iL CLE.Q . lIxclusive Agcnt, Z