.t4a
your
"'a% Wvesaoudgrem,,b.
e s and 0ly RHood's
aulmntale mc.
-~a a
·'. :.:* S .
y
... NOSNESS, DYSPEPSIA,
K I AIEADACHE, WEAK STOMACH,
-D ALL ADRUCE .
DUSORDERS OF TRHE UVER. e
, dsoed in ne aof. to
I have wed arodie's mrior many years le
-"a &mf and have found them invaluable in
I. L. LYONS & CO., Proprietors. i'
e eo r Or1ean am. i La. d
The Greatest Medical Discovery ty
o of the Age. le
KENNEDY'S bu
MEDICAL DISCOVERY. apl
DONALD KENiEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS., bu
tHas discovered in one of our common to
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every r
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula fro
down to a common Pimple. m14
SHe has tried it in over eleven hundred the
cases, and never failed except in two cases to I
(both thunder humor). He has now in his tha
possession over two hundred certificates not
o? its value, all within twenty miles of In
Boston. Send postal card for book. eta
A benefit is always experienced from the of I
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted tioa
when the right quantity is taken. and
When the lungs are affected it cause
shooting pains like needles passin ta
through them; the same with the Liver tha
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be stor
Ing stopped, n ialways disappears in a an
week after taking it. Read the label. fane
lfthe stomach is foul or bilious it wib Tiht
cause squeamish feelings at first. a pT
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat per
the best you can get and enough of it. amc
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed' nd
time. Sold by all Druggists. To i
say:
- 4 hor,
McLREES' buy.
WINE OF CARDUI. ied
100
pign
y . cent
buy:
a nd
oga
buy:
bus}
mon
I see}
Intel
bant
In cc
from
For Female Diseases. c
W. L. DOUc.AS bus
$8 SHOE.NO QU.A.I N rI m
5. CORDOYA shall
iFRENCHOENAMELLEDCAL. reaso
-'sA FIMECALF&kIANAIRl men 1
S.49 POUCE.3So.ES. and a
gAs2. WORKltNo,,g dollar
E"- RA FINE. failur
2.L BO* YiScHOOLSHOES, the a
less t,
&'BEST DNCOL4 Uer
SEND FOR cATALOGUE count
*L*DOUILAS, as far
BIROCCTO, .MASS these
Y• eara save money byr wealn theo
. L. Do:mira 63.00 hoe. price
3.Ottom. hieh protect you against high prel an.. We
Smiddleme profits. Our hoes equal cutom ares
the ae given than any other malke. Take nosk abund
Htt, o If you' alercnnot mpptiT you, we can.
izcr as
are bo
MAILED FREE
to any Farmer o ~armers .vie arC ge
"UP TO DATE DAIRYING" often
Sm ianing htl Ilsnstllos how to sncurote ti
HIgher Orade Products, mak from a
MIUE uiTTEi i ..g lETTER tilizrE
.aith Less Labor ge lore Money ouus
eimg ad epninR in pactical mannert,.. in OVe:
Te' NORMANDY (a'nee) SYSTEM, w sa
DANISH DAIRY ISYSTEM are
ElIN SEPAIRATOR SYaTeiM Ther
dch hiie brought prosperity and ease to the dairy farmer. about
Write for t1,s Valuabie Jnfssriatin. *M l d Ran'n China.'
Spplieation. Kindly seed address o neirheormg farme
- ebo own gev. Addres R. LESPINASSB, land a
 J-'y Columbia & 4O W. a.neag . farms,
.2' slseuir Aasoiauoas. cICo to mor
G OODfor ALL K tO
SUMMER ILLS g "iI
Agair
*and TU-LI ot hak
PEPSIN. labor.
1.i Goleman, Y emphis, Tenn. th othe
- tore of
longer I
the othe
mae tmsd ts. P. Pai
*eany oml
bat be to
+-·:~ta wbc yh
t INTEL'':gNT. FARMING,
-T.at L>ek eof P r.owle. -
As far as I hare been able to Judge,
from a careful study of the experiences
pg o of the. men who have succeeded in
farming and those who have failed, I !
find that the failures can be traced gen
erally to a lack of the proper knowl
K edge of the principles underlying the |
refresh. profession.
Hood' There are certain laws connected
s with farming that must be understood i
before one can ever hope to succeed.
Perhaps it is not too much to assert
that many of those characteristics that 1
ftted the Romans for conquering the
world and perfecting their celebrated a
Jurisprudence, were acquired, or at all
events, nourished and matured by a
their skill, foresight and persevering a
industry, so needful for the intelligent v
and successful cultivation of their soil. a
There is no occupation in life that in- t
-volves such a combination of circum- a
stances and sciences as farming; and t
yet the men who know least about d
these and their relations to agri- c
culture are those upon whom the world v
depends for support. ti
The evils that hinder the farmer from e,
rising at present, I know to be-numer- o
ous, and will take the most cultivated a
M{/ brain to correct them.
One evil is the great need of diversi- s
fled farming, that effort which will in- t]
* crease the productive capacity of the a:
soil; that which will render fruitful o:
the barren places; that which will t
tar. i level the hill, terrace our mountains w
Sbthe and cover them with vineyards, and ha
mv. our valleys with golden harvest.
The greatest evil among our farmers fr
bUS, is the idea that they can not rais their in
own supplies at home, and that cotton in
tomrs is the only paying crop. I believe if di
we had one or two model farms, con- la
ducted on strictly business principles, in
to demonstrate to the people the falsi- it
very ty of these ideas, we would soon al- lo:
levite an oppressed people from a es
burden that now forces them to the ea
wall. be
Strange to say, but from all appear- we
ances there are but few farmers who tra
apparently seem to be awake on these du
ASS., burning questions of to-day. ehb
The masses of farmers do not seem gra
n to realize that in buying their supplies Wa
e from abroad that the men who act as go
middlemen are getting vastly rich on soe
adred the profit that they themselves ought !2
cases to have. The great reason for this is on
n his that the farmers, the most of them do any
cates not know how to sell their produce. anm
is of In the first place, they do n.t under- Ap
stand their market. They are in need
nthe of knowledge as regards the prepara
nted tion of their produce for the market,
and therefore they are compeled to of
uisg take less for it. -The consequence is tha
s that these middlemen buy and or
!bo store away all the produce they the
in a can get, and wait until the the
farmers are in need of the same again.
wib Thus they resell to the very farmers at uag
a per cent. ranging all the way from 1 the
per cent. to 400 per cent.-a far greater is n
fit. amount than any planter can make any
bed- under the present system of farming. furl
To illustrate just what I mean I will wa`
say: If a farmer can buy a mule or a tillh
horse for $50 and does not do so, but pilt
buys it from the stable, which is the beel
medium, for $12(, to be paid in eight star
months, on this trade he pays tiltl
100 per cent. If he can grow iimp
pigs. and kill his own meat at 4 per it.
cent., and does not do so, but soil
buys of merchamnts at 8 per cent. iro[
and pays the bill in nine months, he it is
pays 400 per cent. on the purchase. crop
Again, if he can raise a bushel of corn run
for 40 cents, and does not do so, but feet
buys of the merchant for 81.25 per man
bushel, and pays the bill in three Net
months from time of credit, he pays
500 per cent. on this bargain. Let us 1r
see how this interest compares with the coin
interest of business pursuits, such as o
bankers, merchants, speculators, etc. cony
In commercial circles interest ranges can 1
front 4 per cent. on Leonds up to 7 per recte
cent. and s per cent., and good fora,
commercial paper 10 per cent., the
Sand on certain kiinds of loans tenti
15 per cent. on a dollar. These some
rates are considered ruinous to such a and 1
business, but they do not at all com- terly
pare with the interest of the farmers. We
And until the farmers are able to dis- giver
criminate between these interests they Farm
shall ever remain behind. There is no
reason in the wide world for one set of
I men to borrow money at 15 per cent. Thi
and another set pay 500 per cent. on a impo"
dollar. This is enough to cause utter consi"
failure to silver miners of Nevada. with super
L the advantage of free coinage, much growi
less the farmers. the di
Depression is felt everywhere on ac- cessfr
count of the manner of farming: and ning
as farmers, we need never hope to have tional
these conditionschanged so long as the lished
price of cotton is below the cost of pro
a duction, and our smokehouses and corn
Scribs are in the far we~st. -K
a We should reduce our number of states
Sacres and cultivate tat which is plant- some
n ed more thoroughly, fertilized more -
b abundantly, and make as much fertil- in the
izer as we possibly can at home. There in the
are but few farmers who seem to real
ize that they can make a better and have
Smore effective fertilizer than that they ing a:
are getting from the merchants, which the to
often proves to be more detri
mental than profitable. I know
from actual experience that you can, droppi
by using the same complement of fer- at len
tilizer on one and a half acres, that idere
Syou use on three acres. save more in the -Fri
operation. That which you donotsave with a
in overproduction the first year, you on acc
will save in labor. ing ho:
SThere is a tract of fifty square miles ful as
about Shanghai, called the "Garden of -Wt
China." And while ~e of this south- tool frc
land are lamenting at our worn-out recogni
farms, and talking about emigrating he ougi
to more virgin soil, this people, for owner,
countless generations. have tilled the left it c
same land, and dhder their skillful -Tha
management, it is, to-day, more pro- is the h
ductive than ever.
Again, the European cultivators are sand
lead by a regard for their own interest There
to make the most of their lands, while compan
the American cultivators are led on the
other hand to make the most of their T
labor. The resultis, the one gains and '
the other loses in production.
If we understood more thoroughly fier of
the cultivation of our soil and the na- r
ture of our plants, farming would no mokes t
longer be considered a menial vocation c et
by the masses of the people, but it will crrt
take ts high and exalted station among
the other learned professions of life.- not alwa
P. C. Parks, in Southern Cultivator. tO impt
thatasj
-Improvement should be the aim of many fa
every poultry raiser. He who is con- ticular
tent to remain in the old rut without sdanntal
any amb'tion for advancement, bad when pi
beet be transported to some othergoqsp a able,
As. est 4led conatempsrss y.y ha.i
*the southiia yet to be the -gret ientes
oo o- anutifa ring industry in thliseon
judge, tfy. Thereas no doubt but that 'the
oncs, esouth Is yet in the beginning of a won
Bded In derfal career of development along
Riled, I this line. It. mineral resources andoite.
edgen- wealth f timber, cotton and otherrw
knowl- materia offer an- inviting field for the i
lng the employment of capital in manufaetur.
ing enterprise, and the perils and na
mneted certainties that surround rmanpfactur
arstood ing and mining industries in other sea r
eed. tions, by reason of the violent and
assaert vicious character of their labor popula
s that tion, will force capital in this direction. J
ag the "We must never forget, however," a
brated remarks the Commercial-Appeal, of
rat all Memphis, Tenn., "that the south is.
id by and will continue to be, in the main an
vering agricultural country, and there is a
Iligent wider field for improvement and for the a
ir soil. accomplishment of practical good along
hat in- this line than any other. It is an ex
ircum- aggeration to say that the wealth of
g; and the southern states could be easily b
about doubled by improved methods of agri
agri- culture, intelligent selection and di
world versification of crops, and the prac.
tice of many simple and obvious
r from economies. To the agriculturists e'
tumner- of the old world, the wasteful s
ivated and extravagant methods that pre
vail upon our southern farms must
iversi- seem ruinous and appelling, as indeed sa
Tillin- they are. By sheer lack of thought sl
of the and attention to the plainest dictates t
uitful of prudence and economy the agricul- "
will turists of the south are, every year,
stains wasting as much as they make. he i
, and hear men t l1k in glowing terms of the al
great increase of wealth that is to come b'
mer from the building up of manufactures
their in the south; but with practieally no ti
otton increase of capital, with only a prudent of
eveif direction of energy and economy of uj
con- labor, the south can mbe made s
iples, independent. To 'accomplish this
falsi- it is necessary to change a or
n al- long-prevailing system and long- la
in a established habits. It is not an
o the easy thing to do. For this reason we of
believe that the _sºrest and swiftest ha
pear- way to reform the wasteful and ex- ye
who travagant methods of agricultural pro- sti
these duction is the introduction of a new of
character of farm labor by the immi- on
seem gration of a class of small proprietors. ful
plies We will thus give object lessons in tat
:t as good farming that will enforce the les- tet
I on son by illustration and example." in
uight The Cultivator has been laboring for CO(
is is over half a century in this direction, pre
rn do and is pleased with such an eloquent to
luce. and efficient ally as the Commercial- an,
ider- Appeal.-Dixie Farmer. pua
ara- Tillage is lot Manure.
'ket A few years ago there arose a class ful
to of farmers iho were ready to claim do
e is that tillage was manure and for a year anc
and or two there was much discussion of nan
they the subject, and while the position of cle
the these men we speak of was not main
ain. tained, much good was done in direct
s at ing attention, in a forcible manner, to
im 1 the importance of good tillage. Tillage
steir s not manure at any time nor under
sake any circumstances, for it does not
ng furnish anything to the soil that T
mill was not there before, but good ing
r a tillage will inlke available much now
but plant food that would have wvai
the been locked up under other circum- onc
ght stances. If land is not put in good war
ays tilth before the seed is planted it is less
row impossible to get the best results from thin
per it. Every little lump that is left in the the
but soil is useless so far as the growing eCpe
mnt. crop is concerned for the plant food in eye.
he it is not available. Often a very good ing
ise. crop may be grown upon land that is ed
orn run down and in bad shape if only per- used
but feet tillage is the rule of the husband. men
per man.--The American Farmer and Farm hane
ree News. or fr
ays uFodder Pulling. or
us Until we have a substitute we are wais
the compeled to continue the expensive drese
as process of fodder pulling. But we are Thi
te. convinced that the same time and labor Amo
:es can be more profitably expended if di- with
per rected to other plans for securing draw
od forage, and with no risk of injury to front
it., the grain. Already we have called at- Indi
rns tention to the importance of perfecting are
"se some plan of saving the stalk entire, stiff
it and thus utilize that which is now ut. over
in- terly wasted.
rs. We yhave also called attention and seam
is- given particulars for planting.-Dixie front
cY Farmer. erallj
of Fall Irish Potatoes. well
it. This crop is assuming a commercial There
ia mportance from the fact that many the b4
er consider the southern fall-grown potato and e
th superior for planting to the eastern- figure
,h grown seed. Try a patch according to, The
the directions of those who have suc- linen,
cessfully raised them, and the begin. low-c
Id ning of a new industry and an addi vests
Ve tional source of revenue maj be estab. are cc
~e lished.--Dixie Farmer. severe
is qu
- HERE AND THERE. althot
a--have,
-Kentucky is one of the foremost tracte
)f states in turkey raising, and produces there
t- some of the finest in the country. blouse
e -Grit is one of the prime necessities and b
i- n the poultry business. It takes grit served
e in the breeder, and grit for the breeds. and
- -Ventilation of cow-shed should ruffles
d have particular attention every morn- modeli
Sing; after the shed is cleaned out, open great
Sthe top and bottom of window. trimmi
--It is said by one writer that the ingsoi
droppings from one hen alone is worth doub
at least fifty cents a year. It is con- middle
S"idered the finest fertilizxr there is. all dre
a -Fruit trees should never be sprayed
with arsenical poisons wvhen in bloom to obta
on account of the liability of poison- those
ing honey bees and other insects use- wear.
ful as cross-fertilizers. a s
-When a farmer borrows a farm slightl
tool fromn his neighbor, and does not whicu
recognize the obligation to return it, sides ai
he ought at least be able to tell the ered in
owner, when he comes for it, where he very de
left it or who he loaned it to last. grain,
-The best money maker on the farm ribbon
is the hen. She turns gross into green- frontal
backs, grain into gold, and from the The wa
sand and gravel she coins silver. frontsa
There is nothing else on the farm tc Thejac
compare with her. has ver
-The American 2ierkshire associa fitting
tion, for the purpose of encouraging Very w
breeders generally to exhibit their fromth
herds at the county, district and state the top
fairs of 1894, offers a gold medal to the are of si
owner of the herd of Berkshires that collaris
makes the best show record during t*he of the
current year. The sla
-Iaow prices for improved stock do main, t
not always stimulate farmers to breed ton ale
to improved sires. It is noticeable tion of t
that as prices come within their reach terin tl
many farmers lose interest in that par of the
ticular class of stock and do not take gatherec
advantage of the circumstances, but slightly
when prices go up beyond what they oft
are able to pay they are very apt t , 'y
owR tWe mo naaey or tWl purp., .
i1),
[Pe OR -Rise uns: Best. ts, eggs, a44a
Slp et bolled rice, three tablespoonfuls
jantai Sour, butter the saim of an egg, -and
pent inh of mlt, and -bake in mudfin
thacoM- .znga.-Housekeeper.
at -To Tet Tea: Those who wish to
Swon* teast the tea they drink may try this
-.l a si mple experiment. Heat a metal plate
hand it and then drop on to it a teaspoonful of
herraw tea. With good tea the ash remaining
for the is very alight, and increases with
fantur- cheaper kinds.-Leeds 3Mercury.
Afactur- -Apple Jelly: Cut the apples in
her see. gall pieces without pairing and stew
ut and until soft-using more water than for
apple sauce; strain through a hair
tion. eve; then through a jelly bag. To a
piever, of juice add one pound of sugar
, and the juice of one lemon; boil until
uth of it thickens upon the spoon; poor into
main glasses or molds and stand in the sun
for an hour; paste paper over the top
and set away in a cool place. In mak
for ing jelly it is of the greatest impor
Salong tance that the sugar should be heated,
an hOX but it must not be added till the juice
ath of boils. It will not harden if it stops
easily boiling for a few minutes.--Prairie
f agri- Farmer.
ad di
a pry -Guisada, or Spanish Stew: Take i
bvious hare, rabbit, partridges, pheasants or 4
turists chickens, cut them as ;in carving, and I
isteful save the giblets. Do not wash the 1
t pre- pieces, but dry them in a cloth. Put I
must them into a pan in which there is a a
indeed sufficiency of hot, sweet oil, adding a t
-ought sliced onion and fry them brown; then
ltates transfer them with the gravy to an I
rricul- earthen stew pan. Add some bits of I
cold ham cut thin and small, and a e
yeaE bunch of sweet herbs, chopped fine; I
of the also a little cayenne: pour in suflicient I
come broth to cover the pieces well, adding a
ctures the giblets. Let it simmer gently till I
11 no thoroughly done, carefully skimming c
a ent off all the grease, and stirring the meat c
ny of up from the bottom with a wooden e
made spoon. Serve it hot in a covered dish. c
this It will be improved by the juice of one c
e r two oranges squeezed in toward the a
ong- last.-N,. y. Observer.t
an -Chicken Salad: The white meat
n we of a cold boiled chicken or turkey (I a
iftest have used the best of the remains of a *
d ex- veal or a very tender pork roast as sub- U
1 pro stitute), three-quarters the same bulk -
new of chopped celery,two hard boiled eggs, w
Immi. one raw egg well beaten; one teaspoon- 01
ators. ful of salt, one of pepper, one of mus- at
as in tard, three of salad oil or melted but- se
c les- ter: mince the meat well, cut the celery
in half inch lengths, mix, place in a
g for cool place while the dressing is being Ti
tion, prepared. Rub the yolks of the eggs
luent to a fine powder, add the salt, pepper
recal- and sugar, then the oil, stirring hard, in
putting it in a little at a time, next le;
add the mustard and the raw egg well pa
beaten. pour the vinegar by the spoon- wi
class ful, whipping the dressing well as you w,
laim do so, sprinkle dry salt over the meat be
year and pour the dressing over the whole, tri
in of and mix thoroughly so as to moisten w<
in of clear to the bottom of the bowl.-Home. rip
rect* Tr
r, to FASHIONS IN DRESS. tic
lage an
nder Timely Suggestions Concerning the mDlk. b
not ang of Stylish Costumes.
that . The minor details of dress are receiv- cal
iood ing a large share of attention just wa
inch now. With fancy waists, collars, vests, Is
save waistcoats, blouses and neck dressing, th
um- one may almost transform an ordinary the
rood wardrobe. It takes but little time, and
it is less material, to fit up some of these str
rom things, and their effect in brightening leg
the the average costume is necessary to the
ring expense, and eminently pleasing to the fro
. in eye. A great deal of very fine plait. Ihe
ood ing is seen on some of the new import. hit
it is ed dresses, and when appropriately foo
per- used, is an exceedingly advantageous .f t
ind means of trimming, especially in the T
trm hands of the amateur. The full vest Th
or front of silk is a boon in hot weath- bh
er. With a simple blazer suit of duck thc
or serge, with one of these soft-draped them
are waists, one may be as cool as modern
rive dress can be arranged. ing
are There are several styles of these vests. leg
bor Among the most desirable are those bi
di- with a collar, half-fitting back, with anl
ing draw string or trap, and the draped ,nd
to front usually of crape. soft brocade or
at- India silk, either plain or figured. They iny
ing are easily made, the collar having a 0vvc
re, stiff lining, with folds of the material er
ut, over it. The front is fitted in aroundga
the neck and sewed in at the shoulder- acco
nd seams: tihe linen may extend under the plan
Kie front if one chooses, but this is not qen- pan
erally the case, as the front fits equally novq
well without it. and is much cooler. andv;
lal There is a belt that is worn outside of the:
ny the band of the skirt, or a draw-string " pi
to and extra belt, according to the taste, p
figure or convenience of'the -wearer.
t There are also stylish fronts of
linen, duck or cheviot, to be worn with
Slow-cut waistcoats or vests. These
vests are emphatically mannish, but tn Ti
b are comfortable and appropriate with
severe tailor costumes. The blouse
is quite as popular as heretofore,
although the fancy waist seems to main
have, for the mnoment, at least. dis- m
at tracted the attention from it. ut lims
es there is so, so muchl comfort about a chra
blouse, and it is so eminently stylish feied,
ea and becoming, that it seems to be re- are hi
it served more especially for traveling ofre
s. and informal occasions. Shoulder- o
d ruffles are still worn, but the newest ly co
. models show more fiat trimmings and a the m
n great deal of puffing. Elaborately-the di
trimmed waists with galloon and runch. n
ings of silk made by folding the silk clepn
double and gathering it through tihe
middle are seen. Thecollarson almost germi
all dresses remain high and close, an a
d exceptionally uncomfortable fashion pedar
Sfor hot weather, but one which seems ra
0 to obtain in all styles of dress except actir.'
I- those for strictly house or evening forct
wear. A handsome costume is of plain charar
gray silk. The skirt has a straight, tion h
S slightly-gored front, at the sides of the i
t which are panels of deep plaits. The
sides and back of the skirt are gath- proces
Sered in the usual fashion. There is a it v
Svery deep corselet of plain black gros- .week
grain, with ends of very wide blackeve
i ribbon falling from one side of the venin
front almost to the -hem of the skirt. umme
The waist is in jacket-fashion, but the <
fronts are cut away to the airst dart. One
The jacket-skirt is plainly finished and bly sitr
has very little fullness in the seams, lies in
fitting the figure almost smoothly. lightb
Very wide revers in cape-shape fall todo d
from the sides of the collar, covering moat
the tops of the sleeves. These revers doors 1
are of silk, to match the corselet; the July or
collar is also of silk; thegatiered front denly I
of the gray meets the corselet belt. noise o
The sleeves are made after a new itorsas
model, the efect is that of a perfectly neglige
plain, rather close-fitting leg-o'-mut- befts t
ton sleeve. From the shoulders a see of hun
tion of the goods is draped, one end en- climbin
tering the seam at the top of the front guests a
of the sleeve and passing around to be nighto0
gathered in on the back and extending they cm
slightly under the arm. The general from th
aie~t is that of a lewre loop o1 PtotriL that ca
--N -, -;d~f -. -( -
,anfQ . tsup . > a sraad Plot.O
_g _d Women are teadfly extending their
mndn field of labor and securing positions in
the most masculine character of serv
rish to lee. Each year sees them engaging in
ry this occupations that had been considered
Splate as possible only for men to perform.
nfl.of In Nra~ak a woman owns and per
ainin sonally operates a traveling steam
wit threshing-~niine outfit and goes
about the country with it and makes
her own contraets. There are two
d stew women captains of steamboats on the
dstew Mississippi river, each one holding a
Lanfor United States marine license as cap
Shair tan. One owns her own boat; the
To a other boat is owned by a company of
sugar merchants. There is another woman
r until captain of a steamer on Puget sound.
r into There are three women pilots on the
e sun Mississippi river, all holding licenses.
he top In a shingle saw-mill in Washington
smak- tate t*o women work on the shingle
ipor.- machine, and at another mill in the
eated, same locality a woman runs the dum
juice my log engine that hauls the immense
stops logs into the mill-yard. In Chicago a
irie woman is engineer of a steam-laundry
plant, having control of a large engine
Take and considerable machinery. Another
its or Chicago woman is engineer of the en
and tire plant-engine, steam heat, elevator
h the power and water system-in one of the
Put sky scraper buildings down-town, and
is a a woman runs an elevator in a hotel
Ling a titere.
then One of the great manufactories of
to an household furniture in Grand Rapids,
its of Mich., employs a woman as chief de
and a signer of artistic furniture and pays
fine; her a handsome salary. She em
clent ploys two or three girls as assist
Iding ants. Another woman holds a similar
p till position in the service of a great stove
ming company in Detroit. The Studebaker
meat carriage builders in South Biend, Ind., t
Loden employ a woman artist to do the deli. I
dish. cate ornamental painting on the vehi
f one cles they make. A woman is steward c
I the and purser of a steamer running be.
tween Grand Haven and Chicago.
meat There are several women who own t1
ey (I and manage livery stables in western F
of a cities, and women farmers and women
sub. cattle ranchers are numerous in all
bulk western states. There are also many
wggs, women engaged in fruit culture. One u.
$oon- of the finest vineyards in Iowa is owned
nus- and managed by a young woman ex
but- school teacher.-N. Y. World.
lery HOW WE WALK.
ding The Mulscles Used and the Mechanical lx
eggs Vork They Do. in
pper The chief muscles concerned in wallk- or
ard, ing are those in the calf and back of
next leg, which by pulling up the heel, also
well pull up the bones of the foot connected th
Don- with it, and then the whole body, the de
you weight of which is passed through the
seat bones of the leg. When walking the p1
ole, trunk is thrown forward so that it t
dten would fall down prostrate were not the
me. right foot planted in time to support it.
The calf muscles are helped in this ac- mni
tion by those on the front of the trunk ad,
and legs, which contract and pull the
lak* body forward, and the trunk slanting ,
forward when the heel is raised by the
calf muscles, the whole body will be I'v
C raised and pushed forward and up- (!c'
just ward. This advancement of each leg
sts, Is effected partly by muscular action, ma
ag, the muscles used being (first) those on
ay the front of the thigh, bending it for- i
ward on the pelvis; (second) the ham- vHo
se string inuscles,which slightly bend the
in leg on the thigh; (third) the muscles on V
to the front of the leg, which raise the ma
h front of the foot and toes, preventing
tit I he latter, in swinging forward, from T
irt hitching in the ground. WVhen one will
Ply foot has reached the ground the action
•s .jf the other has not ceased.
he There is another point in walking.
est The body is constantly supported and
th- balanced on each leg alternately and,
k therefore, on only one at once. Hence
ed there must be some means for throw
rn ing the center of gravity over the line
of support formed by the bones of each
ts. leg as it supports the weight of the
se body. This is done in various ways,
th and hlenee the differences in the walk
ed of different pepple. There may be
or slight rotation at the hip joint, bring
ey ing the center of gravity of the body
a over the root of this side. This "rock
al ing" motion of the trunk and thigh is
accompanied by a movement of the
1" whole trunk and leg over the foot
me planted on the ground and is accom
"- panied ly it comlpensating outward
Ly ovement at the hip. The body rises
r. and swings alternately over one or the
if other leg, and the curvature of the
gR spinal b,nes is altered with the vary
S-ing position of the weiglht.-London
f ospital.
11 . LEISURE HOURS.
In Them the Charact.r Largely Receive!
Its IFormatien.
S No part of our time is more fraught
e with responsibility than our leisure
hours. Time is money to him whose
Smain purpose is to make money; but to
him whose first aspiration is to acquire
Scharacter, time is character. It is in
leisure time that one feels the fullest
freedom of the will. Our busy times
are busy partly by a sort of compulsion
of necessity or of habit. Ve are hard
Sly conscious of a deliberate choice in
the matter of their occupation. Ihut in
the disposal of our leisure time, we are
conscious of a free, full and in
dependent use of the will. It
is this nlatter of willing that
germinates and roots cicharactcer.
Says Herbart, the eminent German
pedagogue: 'The will is the seat of ,
character; the kind of decision of the
will determines the species of char
acter." It is in his leisure time, there
fore, that a man gives the set to his
character. Equally with the opera
tion of breathing and the beating of
the heart, the character-forming
process is itself wzthout leisure, with- mad
out vacation, whether we would have
it so or not. This is a thought for
week-day and Sunday, for the winter
evening, and conspicuously for the you an
summer vacation.-S. S. Times.
Camping In the Adirondacks.
One of the peculiar charms of favora.
bly situated camps in the Adirondacks
lies in the fact that the fascinating
light boats of the region can be made
to do duty instead of other vehicles for
most coming and going. Seated in
doors beside a roaring fire on a cold
July or August night the campers sud
denly hear the sound of oas and the tHU
noise of landing. Then come the vis
itors as from another world,the men in
neglige attire, the women dressed as
befits the region, and everyone brimful
of hunting, fishing and mountain
climbing stories. The call over, the
guests are again swallowed up by the
night of moonlit air and water, whence
they came, and the .fire seems cosier
from the whiff of chill midsummer air O
that cane i ti-ou tgh open dor.- AP
K, Y, !w.
UIgik etotf a-Lawn nIn wLr te s t Uov Got *xepost
Atrurat
he "A"n: gave me the degree loveliest en
f [ ment ring.' Caroline-"Mercy on ree
of dn't know there was a pawnshop in the
an town." -Inter Ocean.
TrEOsn-"Who is that whistling in
he scohool?" New Boy-"Me. Didn'tyonknow
as. I oould whistle l"- Travelers Record.
LOW RATE EXOURSIONS.
le
he September 11- rand October 9, 1894.
-" On the above dates the MISSOURI PA
ne CIFIC RAILWAY and IRON MOUNTAIN
a ROUTE will sell tickets from St. Louis,
Cairo and Memphis and Missouri River
-" points to points in Arkansas, Texas Mis
1e souri, Kansas, Nebraska Colorado, Wyo
er ming, Utah, Montana, New Mexico, Ten
n- nessee, Mississippi, Alahama, Louisiana,
Indian Territory and Oklahoma, at one fare
f" or the round trip (plus $2). Tickets good
he twenty days from date of sale, and stop
i over privileges granted on application to
el conductors. This is an excellent time to
visit the garden spots of the West, South,
Southwest and Southeast for the purpose
of of inspecting the finest farming, grazing
s and fruit-growing sections of the United
States.
Don't fail to correspond with a repre
| sentative of these companies before making
p- preparations. Land pamphlets on the above
t. States mailed free on application to H. C.
" ToWNSEND, General Passenger and Ticket
Agent, St. Louis, or to representatives of
the system.
A oREAT deal of stealing is being done
that does not go by that name.-Ram's
1- Horn.
ILADIis can permanently beautify their
d complion with Glenn's Sull bur Soap.
Hil's Hair and Whisker Dye, (Al cents.
TncTfi always travels in the middle of
Sthe road, no matter whom it meets.--tom's
n Horn.
"WHAT made you tell Diumley that yellou en
Stoyed his stupid novell" He--"I did; while
I was swearin' at it I forgot, a lot of other
unpleasant things."-Inter Ocean.
UNCLE. TReETOP--"TIhero is about the best
laying hen I've got." Miss Bleecker
"fLow many eggs does she lay for a quar
ter?"'--Pnck.
Two or the grand hnshawv's wives ha"o
I been beheaded andi their spirits were soar.
ing toward the somewhere. "Dear." said
one, and "What?" said the other. "Is my
head on straight?"-Indianapolls Journal.
A GREAT deal of the piety of to-day is a
thing of great beauty because it is only skin
deep.-Puck.o
Jr takes both grace and grit to get along
pleasantly with elople who never nmakomis
takes.-Ram's II orn.
IF you want to place a small boy in one i
spot where you will be sure to find him five
minutes later, put him in the pantry.-Phil
adelphia Record.
JI.MMLE--"Say, did YOU go round in the
Ferris wheel at the world's fair" IRobbie
-"The Ferris wheel! -r:a-ious goodness,
I've got a bicycle all my very own."-Intcr
Ocean. -
Nononr has less to beproudof than avain
man.-Yonkers (Gazcttc.
No Tr.~s are shed when the man dies
who has lived only for himself.-Ram's
Horn.
WVHITE duck trousers sometimes make a
man look like a goose.-Philadell,hia Reo
TiE old sinner who sings: ".lust as I am,"
vill get ul and talk for half anhour to make
people believe he is somebody else.---rlain
Pealer.
A THOUSAND people want to live long to
where one wants to live well-.- Ram's Born2.
I Hu,
,nccp
lne
ach
Lyse
be COMFIORTP
ng_
clpm-c WORK
hon
GAIRETTE SOAr
hLet the men wash,
S if they won't get you Pearline. Let them
SI try it for themselves, and see if they don't
rsay that washing with soap is too hard
k Je for any woman.
"t This hard work that Pearline'
. saves isn't the whole matter; it saves
money, too-money that's thrown
away in clothes needlessly worn out
and rubbed to pieces when you wash
by main strength in the old way.
i That appeals-where is the man who
wouldn't want to have the washing
made easier-when he can save money by it?
PeddlUer and some unscrupulous grocers will tel lAn.
Be"" FALSE-Pearaine i never peddled- if Your ,ocersend
You an imtation, be honest-se.rdit oc &{. 456 PYL> e Yer.
REMOVAL SALE OF PIANOS AND ORGANS,
m uotaew eittletl7ýe s;d, eeseu .Yii t mateo m aOsgame
atl aweepiaseuedon tI pri. be a of f- ob-u et - t
@ti P6in=0r oa tanserPu* a ator sasanaeatvas " thj
CEP I, X" o*ur CO., P.O. im st%+ME MPIPIU, TENN.
THE POT INSULTED THE K~-:E BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USIED
OSAPOO
GOOD COOKING D MANDS
ib )Dora Tr'ared s xie
m br the rattle snake with s watle.
he ensible people take alarm at the chill whichb
ushera in c is.pdA fever. If they don0'
in know they should, that Hotsetter a-Stomach
i Bter is the presenter and r ynedy Nor
I should they forget that it remedies ays
.al, liver com plants, nervousnesa, sleep
lessness and debility, and is a general tonic
without equal.
ALL the evils that are to be found in soda
/. water are always winked at.
:N
S Peare and Wholesoeme glaltyt
or Commends to public approval the California
s- liquid laxative remedy, Syrup of Figs. It
o- Is pleasant to the tastes and byncting gently
-. on the kidneys, liver and bowels to cleanse
s, the system effectually, it promotes the
re health and comfort of all who use it, and
,I with millions it is the best and only remedy.
0 IT makes the crhb blush when he gets into
o hot water.-Philadelphia Record..
1e My success In business is all due to news.
paperadvertising.-A. T. Stewart.
Iall's Catarsa ture
Is a Constitutional Cure. Price 75c.
g TEE world is full of beggars who do not
beg for money.--Ram's orn.
it
AFTER Tl E R UIP,
Smnmsani, fevers, or other debilitmuiag di.
iDion. TI cianvIMe yrbd
i t to l lowd by rd fre
A.ra IN. Kl.,F LIS
fed with the a e e e ea t t
Gol hMedie ca duloue, I sadnsecowmehi
todol aIll h erwork. Ii inkalttrdtn
mdcnint to and ybody. ar fee
ovsu a doion. thI h m Jr.d
ro. nnt bkd. helfu we se
INA55 5 ASS ... '... r Odlr.
MCS. AL Ohl monthsr I M
.to do. K F. l e i w1se 1
Itu m lýthe best o and I frien
PIERCE YAnvrr PLCasa
Instructiaoa sw llent boAdve helthflulmesI is
pwoest