THE GAZETTE.
Sabscriptio Price, $z Per Year.
We send out many copies of this paper to
parties whom we have bena unable to see,
but whose names have been furnished to us,
persons whowould likely becomesubscribers,
and shallcontinue to send them until notified
sot to do so, regarding non-refusal to receive
it as Ihdieatin wish to be considered sub
scribers. The subscription price is so low
--ee dollar per year-that we hope every
one will become subscribers, and send us the
amount n subscription. o
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
The Gazette received a pleasant canl Mon
day from Dr. Pickett, of Rayne.
Protracted meetingsiave been held dur
ing the week in the Methodist Church.
Prof. Philip Martin made The Gazette an
agreable call Saturday.
Mr. Sidney Mouton returned home last
Tuesday fron a visit out west.
Lawyer L. Dupre, and Mr. Geo. Elms, of
Opelossas, were in Lafayette Tuesday.
Sheriff LeBlane, of Vermilion parish, was
in town Tuesday.
Judge W. E. Bowen went over to New
Orleans and returned Wednesday.
Miss Fabiola Wiltz, of St. Martinville, is in
Lafayette the guest of her relatives, Mr. and
Mrs. Fred. Mouton.
The Gazej was pleased to receive a call
last week fr its friend, J. A. Mestayer, of
Carencro.
Mr. Ozeme LeBlauc, accompanied by Mr.
Thomas Mouton, west to Loreauille last i
Saturday and spent a day with relatives.
Sherif DBroassard and lady, after a stay of
some days in New Orleans, returned home
Saturday. . y
The new council will organize, we are in
formed as soon as Mr. A. M. Martin
receives his commission.
If the present agitation continues it will
eventually land a street sprinkler, a consum
nation devoutly wished.
The dust is again becoming oppressive, a
and tends to raise the query, what about
the street sprinkler. ?
Miss Mamie Lisbony is visiting friends and s
relatives in New Orleans. t
Mr. Higginbotham haa received some
neat furniture; of the latest designs, for his
barber shop, and has opened up for business.
Mr. F. Lonnbaerd is having some improve
ments made to his premises in the way o
painting, which will enhance the .beauty of t
his already pretty p!nce.
There are many opportunities for profitable
investment in Lafayette parish that the oh
servant capitalist canpot fail to see and ap
preciate if he will but look.
,Profs. len F. Toler and Chas. A. Bou
dreaux dropped in to see The Gazctte Sat
.urday. They were in attendance at the
Teachers' Institute meeting held that day.
Tare Gazette lays down the claimn that the 2
town of Lafayette can show a larger num- n
her of pear trees, area considered, than any i1
town in the State. k
Mrs. Leon Weinberg and Master Hyman
Plonsky, from Alexandria, arc in Lafayette
viiiting their parents, Mr. and Mrs. Jos.
Plh,nsky, and relatives.
Mr. Charles Biaudier, the popular agent; P
of the Singer Sewing Machine Company,.
went over to St. Martinville last Saturday tl
awl returned Monday.
.adies and children haircutting at domi
cdel L. P. Bagarry.. e
The interest over the coming game of a
base ball is still way up in G. It is time
for the captains of the opposing sines to get s
together and complete all the details. cl
'What's the matter with organizing an ex- fr
,cursion, by boat, down Bayou Vermilion into
Atchafalaya Bay, the proceeds accruiag to a,
go to the fire company ? fa
F.ather Forge has had the fence arpund ti
the church white-washed, thus showing a of
spirit of enterprisetthat should be generally n4
emulated. w
TDont let it escape your mind that to
alight, at Falk's Opera House, will take n,
place an entertainment well worth your pa- cc
tronage. st
The picnic season, with all its coucomi- in
tant pleasures, and judging by the frequen- to
cy of parties taking advantage of its propi- P
tiousness, is full upon us. cc
Dr. H. P. Guilbeau, Preston Guilbeau, a
Misses Gabrielle Thomas and Malon Guil
beau, of Breaux Bridge. were in Lafayette t
Si turday, and spent some moments in The P
Gazette office.
A force of workmen are presently engaged
'i the erection of a new depot building for
the use of the Southern Pacific railroad com
pany. It is being put up near the Crescent
hotel building. c
an
When you want any fire insurance written is
see Ordway & Richard. he
The Gazette calls the attention of is th
amusement-loving readers to the programme en
of ~e Old Folks Concert" appearing in en
another part of this paper, and begs to as- rec
sure them that they have a rare treat in th
store. Dc
M I. John Vigneaux was taken ill Tuesday I,
m -r ing, and two physicians were called in. cal
I is many friends were happy to note that his un
illness was of short duration, and he is now ha
S:emrn ly, in his accustomed good health.
It is to be hoped that a large crowd will
attend the entertainment, at Falk's Opera do
Hlouse to-night. Besides getthig your mon- pi
ey's worth in amusement you will be con- et
tributing your mite to help swell the school
fund. L
Dr. HI. A. Martin and Mr. E. Hebert,
a prominent merchant, both of Millerville,
Acadia parish, spent a couple of days in
Lafayette, last week, and The Gazette's
subscription list has been increased in con
sequence of their visit.
Anything from a strawberry to a chestnut bei
can be grown in Lafayette parish, thus show- tal
ing the wonderful fertility of her soil. And of
to say that lands can be bought in this parish th
for the insignificant price of $~25 to $35 an tet
acre sotiMr incredib!e, but is a fact all thie Ir
same. bhet
Mr. Wmn. Clegg, and son, Philip, leff
Tuesday for Louisville, Ky., where they go
to attend the marriage, of Miss Helen Euge
nie Clifford, and Mr. Wmi. Clegg, Jr., which
will take place on June t. Mr. Clegg will
to visit the World's Fair and will be away about
e, *hree weeks.
s, The flora of Lafayette is not surpassed in
Is beauty, variety and luxuriance by any other
ed section in the State. At all times during
ve the spring, summer and autumn a thousand
b- varieties fill the air with their perfumes and
'W carpet mother earth with their myriad beau
r7 tiful faces.
he The Gazette received a very pleasant call
Tuesday from Messrs. Mark Newhauser and
O. H. Simpson, who have recently gra
dated from the Tulane Law School, with
distinguished credit. As their preceptor,
n- Judge Debaillon must feel prond of his two
former students.
r- The excursion to be run by the Brother
hood of Railway Trainmen of Lafayette, I
in from Washington to Abbeville on July 2, 1
will offer attractions for an enjoyable outing e
st that will be taken advantage of by a large a
crowd, and there wil be plenty of room for 1
all.
The Gazette calls attention to the change I
in'the advertisement of Messrs.'Moss & Mou
ation. To their other lines they have added t
the agency of wagons and cisterns, and for
w these goods they will always be ready to fill
all orders entrusted to them.
in By reference to our Carencro letter it will
be seen. that work, on the new railroad to c
connect that place with a point on Bayou p
II Teehe, will soon begin. This is a piece of a
if news that The Gazette is pleased to
chronicle. p
r. Some sweet music was discoursed Tuesday e
t night in front of The Gazette office by g
Messrs. Walter Mouton, Joe Ducote, Henry C
Of Judice and Sam Plonsky. The Gazette
e takes pleasure in complimenting them on A
their pr ficiency. They play very well. A
During the past week the gun club has
n received a lot of tine bred dogs and some
half dozen deer, the latter for the purpose of
I1 furnishing means of training and giving the fc
cldogs practice. As the dogs are muzzled the w
deer can receive no injury. The place is re
also beiag stocked with a variety of birds. nl
t To Mr. and Mrs. J. Judlin The Gazette ac
respectfully begs to tender its most sincere ti
d sympathy in the deep affliction laid upon T
them by the death of their infant child
e Abbigal Eulallie, aged one year, eleven it
s months and eight days. Another little angel fa
in the kingdom of heaven. fe
e Ordway & Richard represent over $25,
,oooo in the fire insurance line. See
t hem. A
Dr. E. J. Chachere, a prominent dentist, in
in New Orleans, and his family, will move to in
Lafayette about the 15th of next month to so
locate permanently. Dr. Chachere belongs
to one of the best known creole families in ti
South West Louisiana, and we extend the to
hand of welcome to them. at
At the bride's home, Mr. J. S. Younger su
was united in the holy bonds of matrimony ed
to Miss Edna C. McBride, on Thursday eve,
24th instant, the Rev. Armstrong officiating. hi
The Gazette joins with the many friends of
the young coalpe in wishing them a long, N
happy and prosperous voyage through life. R<
Go to Bagarry for a good shave and hair- Gi
cut.
July 2nd will he a big cday in Abbeville A,
for the excursionists, as on that date the Pr
, Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen give an
excursion from Washington, Louisiana, to
this place. We hope the weather will be
agreable and that our people will make some w
preparation to receive and entertain the Cc
crowd of visitors who will be here on that
E occasion.-Abbeville Meridional.
There was some talk a couple of weeks on
since that some of our enterprising nmr- ini
chants contemplated the digging of wells in his
front of their premises, and using a force the
pump to supply them with that much needed hit
article-water. As yet 'their intentions have
failed to materialize, but The Gazette hopes
that they will yet see their way clear to carry Fn
out their purpose. It is dollars to dough
nots that it would prove contagious. Who ag
will be the first one to break the ice ? Pa
June 3rd and 4th will be gala days in our ha
neighboring town of Carencro. The wet- wil
come being prepared to extend to Archbi
shop Jansseas, comprises some very interest
ing details, as will be noticed by reference Lu
to our Carencro correspondence in another hi,
part of this issue, besides this the religious
coremonies at the churdh will be most grand
and impressive. We cordially engage those hit
of our readers who can do so to-attend and di
they will certainly witness an imposing the
pageant. of
At the last municipal election there was a wil
tie vote returned between Me.srs. Alfred A. L
Bonnet, James Hannen and A.M. Martin. abi
To decide this tie an election was called for tha
last Monday. Mr. Hannen, by published est
card refused to be considered a candidate, up
and Mr. Alfred A. Bonnet, also, by a pub- stil
lished card, declined to take part stating that in I
he considered he had been fairly elected tt as
the previous election, so the field was left o
entirely to Mr. Martin, insofar as announced pri
candidates were concerned, and Mr. Martin for
received £38 votes, the same number as at
the first election, and James Hannen I, L. hes
Doucet I, Pierre Dugas I for mayor, and all
a, scattering, making a total of r142 votes Ma
cast. The day passed quietly, although, we
understand, that considerable electioneering
had been done to bring out a big vote.
He Knows. Mr
How women do love a wedding ! It
doesn't matter much whose. Who can ex
plain the why and the wherefore?-Lafay- ill
ette Gazette. am,
The whyness and whereforeness of this
love, Bro. Thomas, is accounted for in the *
fact that the young lady attends to get poin- Cat
ters, the old maid to criticise, and the mar- rily
ried lady to see if the bride looked ace
"-as pretty as I did"'-Rayne Ranger. exp
The New Council. a
The time is near at hand when the mem- A
hers of the new Council will convene to Jn
take charge of the government of the town
of Lafayette. In the simple discharge of TI
their public duties will lie much that will cepI
tend- to the advancement of the material in- JuI
terests of the town. That they have at
heart the welfare of their town we have no U;
leff reason, as yet, to doubt. Lafayette has a
go bright future before her-she is now on the
ge- upward grade, and future acts of the Coun
ich cil can be made a potent factor in her pros
vill perity, if rightly directed. %
ot The Gazette cherishes the hope that the
members will "hew to the line" of a busi
in ness admistration, economically adminis
ter tered,"without fear or favor, or prejudice
ug against any one."
Election Contest.
ad
The Gazette is reliably informed that it is
the intention of the parties in interest to in
stitute a contest for the seats of some of the
members elected at the last election. It is
alleged that a sufficient number of votes cast
a- at that 'election, for these sitting members,
will be proved illegal, and, which thrown
r, out, would tend to reverse the figures on
ro the face of the returns, thereby giving a
majority, and the seats, to those contesting.
r- The Gazette ha. no knowledge of the
te, proof that will be adduced; the claim,
2, however, we understand, is made that strong
ng evidence will be produced to sustain the
ge allegations that it is purposed to advance. If so F
or the people would, no doubt, be glad to have
all the facts brought out, and see the matter 1
,e probed to the bottom. S
u- The outcome will be watched with in- I
d trest. I
ill Monthly School Reports. I
LAFAYETTE, LA., May 23, 1893.
SEditor wLafayette Gazette: it
In response to your request for reports a
tO concerning the condition and progress of the
,u public schools. I would submit a statement
of of the Lafuyette School for the past month
to ending May 2o. For evident reasons I F
shall make no personal mention of my pu b
pils or their standing in class, but will give
a general statement exhibiting the status of
y entire school. at
7 Boys enrolled.... .......................64 r..64
y Girls enrolled ................... .......26 d
t Total ....... ........................ ...... ............. 9
n Average attendance (boys) .............. .. 50 w
Average attendance (girls).................20
as Total ti
.Total............... . . ... .................70 t
e IDeportment, fair; application, fair. II
Af Some of the girls and boys have mani- tl
fested commendable interest in their studies ,
while many others seem to care very little
te whether the world moves or not, and by ir
is regularity of attendance, tardiness, etc.,
manage to shirk their duties. Owing to the
lack aof seats a few children have been refused it
e admittance but this has been remedied, and
e there is now room for several more pupils.
n The grade of the school is primary, still
d there are a number of pupils who have made
sufficient progress to merit promotion and
n it is to be hoped that the High School next
11 fall will afford them an opportunity for pre- m
ferment. R. C. GREIG, Principal. th
Miss M. JAMIESON, Ass't.
The above report shows the good and tc
painstaking work of principal and assistant. b
As an educator Prof. Greig stands very high to
in the community and is most ably seconded
in his praiseworthy efforts by Miss M. Jamie- h;
son, his able ass;stant. While on this
matter we wish to reiterate the statement
that the columns of The Gazette are open t
Sto all correspondents, particularly teachers, S.
and invite the contribution of ideas upon TI
r subjects of general interest to the friends of Di
7 education. ar
. Mouton Switch 3rd. Ward Public School.
re
f M~onth ending May 19, 1893. N
Number of pupils cnrolled- ib
oys ................................... ........ ........... 18 fir
G irls .....- . ... ............. ................ 14 la
Total ............ ................... 32
Average daily attendance ................ 26 2119 di:
Progress .............. ..................Fully Fair. ca
General behavior ........ .................Good. ou
Reading averages .................o per cent. thb
Spellin.t .., ......................89
Recitati..n .. ......... .......84 " qu
W riting " .............. n...........
Composition " . ..... ....83 ,
t Csils. A. BOtUDREAUX, leacher. al
The Gazette compliments Prof. Boudreaux A.
on this excel3nt showing, aud from reliable
intormation we take pleasure in stating that co
t his labors are appreciated by the parents of g"
the children and this is an encouragement to
I him. be
Carencro News. a
From Our Regular Correspondent.
Mr. M. S. Alexander, the popular mail ei
agent of the Alexandria branch Southern er.
Pacific Railroad, has returned to his duties,
having been in New Orleans for some time ch
where he was under medical treatment. It
*we
Your correspondent wishes to thank Mr.
Ludovic Guilbcau for a nice lot of fish, given ter
him a few days ago.
Hon. \Wm. Campbell and Mr. E. G. Voor- on
hies, of Lafayette, were in town last week, mt
distributing posters and placing tickets for Hi
the bazar and ball to be given for the benofit
of the high school fund. The entertainment
will be under the auspices of the ladies of Frc
Lafayette, and promises to be a most enjoy
able event. Our people should understand C
that while most of the responsibility for the
establishment of this high school has fallen ove
upon the people of the town of Lafayette; ma
still the youth of Carencro, and other places
in the palish, will derive just as much benefit we
as they will, and we should do all in our the
power to aid the good work. The small
price of admission, 25 cents, and ts5 cents Fo
for chillren, certainly brings it within the las
means of all to lend a helping hand. A
hearty and cordial invitation is extended to ift'
all to attend the entertainment on Saturday A
May 27th at Falk's Hall. anu
chi
Miss Ida Wallis, of HIouma, has been me
spending several days with the family of
Mr. J. M. Jones at Pecan Grove plantation. ist
**+ and
Mr. A. C. Guilbeau was taken suddenly atte
ill iast Friday; but has recovered and is I
among his friends again. Pro
* The
The new bell recently received for the nic
Catholic Church, has been placed tempora- we
rily nm the enclosure which has been made to full
accommodate the large attendance that is c
expected at the grand church celebration to fiel
take place on the occasion of the visit of spe
Archbishop Janssens on the 3rd and 4th of wel
June. of
The giand procession arranged for the re
ception of Archbishop Jansscus on Saturday
Juce 3~rd is as foluolls.
1st 1)ivision. I
Grand Marshal.-Louisu G. Stelly. A ids to
a a -L. H. Prejean, John Roger J. D. Breaux,
the Francois Arcenaux.
an- Brass Band.
us- Cross Bearer.
Acolytes.
the Banner Bearer.
isi First Communion--Girls.
is- First Communion-Boys.
ice Banner.
Confirmation--Girls.
Confirmation-Boys.
Banner Bearer.
t is White horsemen.
in- Banner Bearer.
he Ladies of the Congregation.
is Gentlemen of the Congregation.
5st ard Division.
rs, Marshal.-A. (.. Cuilbeau.
NAids.
Dn Band.
a Banner Bearer.
g. Archbishop Janssens with escort.
he Guard and carriages.
n 3rd Division.
1g Colored members of the congregation.
he The following committees have been ap
o pointed.
Ve Committee of Reception at the Church
er V. E. Dupuis, charman; H. E. Toll, Adam I
Sonnier, Henry Micaud, Henry Crouchet,
a- Ernest Broussard, Simon Latour, and Louis
Arcenaux.
Executive Committe-C. C. Brown, V. E. C
Dupuis, D. A. Dimitry.
The executive- committee will furnish any
information desired by those who propose f
is assisting in the celebratiion.
C **
h Prof. S. A. Knapp, president of the Teche I
I Railroad and Sugar Company, accompanied a
by Kennedy & Stone, railroad contractors,
were here last Monday, and inspected the
surveyed route of the Carencro and Teche
4 railroad. All building material has been or
dered, and the delivery of same at Carencro
o will commence within the next fourteen days,
o when construction of the line will commence.
0 Your correspondent requested you some
time since to "*keep your eye on Carencro."
If you just watch a little longer, you will see
- this same railroad continued out west as far 71
as Church Point and through the Coulee
Croche country.
e All are heartly invited to visit Carencro on
the Ord and 4th of June.
To'rtDEM VERBIS.
Royville Items, S
From Our Regular Correspondent.
A great number of our sports witnessed the
match game of base ball Sunday between
the ,"Invincibles" of Royville and the
"Braves" of Simonville. The score stood 9 H
to 13 in favor of the "Braves. Had it not
been for the accidents happening to h
two members of the Royville nine P
we think that the result of the game would Ji
have been different. Both teams are to
again try conclusions in t5 days, to decide b,
t the championship of this side of Vermilion P
1 Bayou. Sheriff Ike Broussard and Messrs.
Sam Plonsky, E. and R. Pellerin, A. J.
Theall, A. Otto, Henry Judice and happy
Bill Graser, of Lafayette, were in atten,'ance
and seemed to highly enjoy the game.
Elaborate preparations are being made to
receive His Grace, Archbishop Janssens, of
New Orleans, on June 2. We are informed
that a great number of persons will be con
firmed, as it has been several years since
last an archbishop was in Royville.
Since The Gazette, in its researches, has
discovered that Lafayette owns two more
camphor trees, we may as well mention that
our town also owns one. Mrs. Scranton is
the possessor of a very fine tree, which is
quite au adornment to her alrefdy lovely,
and beautiful flower garden.
Mr. P. R. Roy is now located in Brous
sardville, as clerk for his brother, Mr. J.
A. Roy.
On account of ill-health, Dr. R. O. Young
contemplate taking a two-months trip to Vir- o
ginia this snmmer. me
Mr. P. B. Roy, we are sorry to say, has Th
been on the sick list lately.
Dr. F. C. Latiolais, of Broussard vile, was
a welcome visitor Saturday.
Dr. G. W. Scranton, our popular physi
cian and townsman, has been making gen
eral repairs around his place the past week. a
Mr. Edward Estorge, a prominent mer- po
chant of Broussardville, was in town Sunday. a
It seems as if Ed. had some attractions in
Royville, as he is a frequent, but always
welcome visitor.
Two of our best known boys at
tended the Abbeville excursion to the sea
cost last Wednesday. They must have had
a very nice time, asone of them "got stuck" E
on "beer," and is very often heard mur- th
muring that popular drink in his dreams. 11
How about that telephone line; will we get it? St
CHEROKE E. l
Rigde Rumblings.
From Our Regular Correspondent.
Dr. A. O. Clark, made a business trip to
Crowley last week.
Mr. Ophelias Guidry, from Scott, came
over on a visit to his cousin, Emilian Fore
man, Friday.
Mr. and Mrs. Hntchinson, from Duson,
were visitors to our neighborhood and were
the guests Mr. and Mrs. John Nugent.
Mr. Gerald Foreman and Miss Amelia
Foreman, of our section, visited Rayne
last Thursday.
Last Thursday was administered to over ex
fifty children the sacrament of communion. GI
A vast number of people were in attendance fat
and the seating capacity of St. Alphonse's on
church was taxed to the utmost to accom- sol
modate the faithful.
Quarterly meeting was held at the Method
ist church, at Indian Bayou, last Thursday,
and there was quite a number of people in
attendance. di
The public school under the direction of a
Prof. Ben. F. Toler is progressing nicely.
The professor is contemplating giving a pic- an
nic in the near future for the children, and
we have no doubt that it will be an event
full of pleasure to all. G
Our farmers are somewhat behind in their
field work owing to the tenacious rainy
spell experienced lately; but since this fine
weather has set in they are making the most wh
of it and will suon catch up. Prospects prom- L
sinig. CousIN BEN. ke
In Self Defence.
re- Gete."fill
I wi ;h, with your permis;ion, to make an
explanation. I invited a strang- evangelist etC
to nlold a series of meetings here in m-y 31
us, church, he being well recommended to me,
but he did not remain his time aut. In
spite of my remonstrance, and the remon
strance of my church, he would make per
sonal thrusts at others. This did not suit
here. I never abused any church, or any
individual in public or in private in my life,
nor do I tolerate it in others. Love to God,
and love to man, and purity of life, is my
idea of Chrstianity. With love for every
body, and success to The Gazette,
I am, very cordially
H. ARMSTRONG.
Dr. H. D. Guidry has recently purchased
the property known as the Israel Falk resi
dence, and intend to make some improve
ments, including the erection of a brick oven
with all modern appliances to be used by his
son.
Marshal Bradley went over to Opelousas
on business Wednesday and returned all
smiles Thursday.
The Gazette was pleased to mueet, in its
office last Friday noon, Mr. P. B. Roy, and
his son, Rodolphe and Dr. P. A. Dupleix,
prominent citizens of oursister town Royville.
A Card.
Inasmuch as I have been to some extent
- identified with the High School benefit to be
a given at Falk's Hall to-night, and inasmuch
as I have just been reliably informed that
the management proposes to dispense intoxi
1s eating liquors upon the occasion, I do hereby
most earnestly protest against any such perni
cious example to the children of the com
mnnity. "A bar up stairs for tne ladies and
and other down stairs for the gentlemen" is
Y the graphic language in which I am in
e formed that the management proposes to
dispense *'grog" for the benefit of innocent
school children. I desire, therefore, to dis
claim any countenance of a traffic that de
e bauches the youth and blights the manhood
d of psr land. I. C. GRI;G.
Lafayette. La.. May 26, 8593.
e Constable's Sale
e STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
YETTE-NO. 71.
7tH JUSTICE'S COURT.
Dolze Broussard as. Unknown.
By virtue of a writ of fieri facias ssued out of the
th. Justice's Court. Parish of Lafayette. State of
Louisiana. Hon. Ales. Sleaux judge, and to me di
rected. I wilt offer for sale at public auction to the
last and highest bidder, at theJustice's office in the
7th ward of the parish aforesaid on
Saturday, June 17, 1893,
One unknown 4-year old Beef
branded
Sale sill take place between
the hours of so a. m. and 4 p. m.
Terms and Conditions-cash on the spot.
EUsrAcSg Co'nAu, Constable.
CONSTABLE SALE.
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
YV1"fE--NO. -
JUSTICE'S COURT-FIRST WARD.
Eli Ikerpin vs. Unh~motcn.
By virtue of a writ of fieri facias, issued by the
Hon. G. Mouton. Justice of the Peace of the First
t ward of the Parish of Lafayette. State of Louissaua
in the above entitled cause, and to me directed. I
have seized, now hold. and will offer for sale. at
public auction, to the last and highest bidder. In sat
isfaction of said writ, in front of the office of the said
Justice of the Peace, at Scott, on
Saturday, May 27, 1893,
between the legal sale hours, the following described
property, to-wit:
One mare and colt.
Terms-Cash.
D. ARCENEAUX.
Constable ist. Ward.
Sienutflio Amerleam
TOADS MARKS
OOPVRIOHTO.
IIafomatlaem lrs e boot wrtte
NtUNN A Cro, athODowA, NEr Tyoew
Oldsm. bleau ods rsecuring oat~rts I alo m.m
d artmnt oattby us is b rougllt before
s publc Obyas gI tlven s r e of eisge n he
ciLtfific. Am icra
msn oe ut. e neOn
For Sale
A lot. unimproved, in the town of Lafayette. next
to Win. Clegg's residence, is offered for sale at a
moderate prtce. For further information apply at
The Gazette office, or to C. H. 1GADt.Ev.
Lafayette. La.
FOR SALE.
Valuable Town Lots.
Lots tandos. 54ard 19 and 18, situated in
the Boills addition, measuring oox4oen, feet by;
also improved property on Main street op
posite J. E. seartin's ptace. Terms reason
able. For further particulars apply to
Time (AzI.TT E.
BOSTON.
Starndard an' Regltsterd.
Glasthe pre season at Le ThLa, farm theof Dr.
i. factory, Guilbeau K ellam & Moore, athe
only Cash for the season, with return theprivi
south, Atlanta, Ga.
S E. RAeorgiaN, Druegist, has
Manexclusive sale of higthese Celebratedn
Glasdies, of every kindette, La, from themakes a
a specialtyctory of thella Moore, the
"BOSS CHEWING CANDY"a.
and especially the "BOSS CHOCO
LATE CHEWING CANDY."
Grand Opening Sunday
OF MY
ICE CREAM DARLOR,
where choice Ice Cream, delicious
Lemonades, etc., will always be
kept.
Orders for parties, weddings, etc.,
filled at short notice. He also
handles tobacco, ciga l, cigarettes,
etc., and his establishment is on
MIain street.
me,
T. M. BIOSSAT
keeps constantly on hand a fine line of
Clocks,
i Diamonds,
al S Jewelry,
ad Silverware.
X, A A237
SMITH & WESSON,
and COLT'S
nt PISTOLS;
h FINE LINE
at POCKET KNIVES; WIt~ L
TABLE CUTTLERY; do-KEC T' tg
: FINE LAMPS, Etc. ~~o, f. E Oi;LY BY
is Special Attention Paid to the Repalring of Fine and
t Complicated Watches
at _.M Orders by mail or express carefully filled.
LOCKBOX 137. T. M. BIOSSAT, Lafayette, La.
DO YOU
PLAY BASE BALL ?
We are Heardquarters For Base Ball Goods.
I WE SELL -
ALLS,
ATS,
B ELTS,
MITTS,
ASKS,
SHOES,
TOCKINGS,
APS,
a CAT'CHERS' BREAST PROTECTORS,
MUPIRE INDICATORS,
NIFORMS MADE TO ORDER,
MOSS BROS. &, Co.
Miss Louise Revillon
Solicits a
A FULL ASSORTMENT
OF FINE GOODS IN
THE LATEST STYLES.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON
- LU/'4BGB G
-
AT WHOLESALE and RETalL
OFFICE AND YARD NEAR RAILROAD DEPOT
LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plows, Walking
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
Wagons, Cisterns.
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
NEW AND SIASONABLE
MILLINERY GOODS,
SUCH AS
Hats, Peathers, Silks, Embroideries, Etc.
aklo Lad, es' and Children's Shoe.-