8b7i Ile5do, 0.
' - ' L5 uS51to.U8er9ing roast bef
M the lady who was endeavoring
wihether qesuited the new Cook.
Is i M svsx-, Gen'1 Pass. Agent, C., R.
. J'y. Chicago, you will recive post
Soer n h le. auotiul siteel engraved
M uta a eoomfpany them free.
or HIS W"AR Poi -A.ar - -"We rt t.hou
ieot wounded in the battle todas aehielest
S1ethoughtr I saw thee sPricen . a Tro.
jan sp'r.-" Aei s-"I was striken
.Jax; but, fortunately, Igotitm the neck.
Wilam Munson, a member of the firm
of Munson Bros., the well-known breeders
"In 1891 I had the grip, which. settled in
side was paralyzed. I
" \ was obliged to walk
with u.cane. I was
in constant pain, and
when I moved in bed
I had to be assisted
My hands and feet
;swelled with rheuma
tism and my fingers
would cramp. My
druggist sent me six
bottles of Hood's Sar
Vr. IVu.Kta@s* saparilla. I took it
three times a day and have improved ever
since, and now I am well and never felt
better in my life of T7 years. I took no
other medicine but ITood's Sarsaparilla."
WILI.Ax MNSON, Ciiiton, Mo.
Hood's ;Cures
0ood * Pills are the best after-dinner
P ill s , a s s is t d ig e s t io n , c u re h e a d a c h e . i5c .
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tceJa to pers nal enjoyment when
rightly used. "The many who live bet
ter Mhan othcrs and enjoy life more, with
less cxpendire, by more promptly
'spýt-ing :vorld's best products to
et ! n: vbjsical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
" Its excellence is due to its presenting
In the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the trefreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
enMng them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in We and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offed.
WALTER BAKER & CO.
The Largest Manufacturers of
PURE, ningH GRADE
COCOAS AND CHOCOLATES
onthis Continent, hav" reevevs
HIGHEST AWARDS
enad She ag*st
..,, ,. Industrial and Food
EXPO8ITION8
In Europe a America.
pin oseev stheir bretioo
WA.LT hER & 0. BA CHESTER M88.
Onh~sts~arsd·
- IB AAD
qlraf.sis ' oms thepout
'le d -iover the ttea.oned*
truat. 1
With the fammer tue tqueaton shoulA
be: '"At what-frie eaesaialatit to sel1
my cottonse ?ed ud aednt "What prics
can the mill men aford< to payr since
the latter- question is beyond his con
troL
It is not likely that any disession in
the press, or otherwise, wAil materially
influence the majority of farmersiIn the
disposal of their cotton seed. Whether
the price is $14 or $4 per ton, tEe seed
will be sold just the same-reluctantly.
perhaps, but none the less steadily. I
The farmer is too prone to .look upon 1
the sale of the seed as so much saved,
regardless of the price, but I believe P
there are some who, if clearly reminded I
of the farm value of the seed, will de
mand a certain price of the mill men or
use the seed at home upon the farm.
Especially should this be done by the
farmers living upon the poorer lands of 1
the state-land that is not sufficiently 1
fertile to begin with, and that will rapi I
idly grow poorer as each annual crop
of cotton is sold and nothing returned. [
Upon richer land of the state, like the
black waxey and the alluvial river bot
toms, the seed is of less importance;
but even there they have a great feed
ing value that should not be thought
lessly disregarded.
THIE SEED MEAL AS A FERTILIZER.
A ton of cotton-seed meal on an aver*
age yields approximately, 1.090 pounds 1
of meats, 890 pounds of hulls, and 80
pounds of lint. The meats yield about
s0O pounds of meal, and 290 pounds, or
39 gallons of oil.
At this time the seed is worth about
$6 at the mill, the meal $16, and the
hulls .S at the same place; the oil at
2: cents per gallon, and the lint 3 cents
per pound. The mill man, therefore,
converts $6 for the seed into $10.47 for
its product, a difference of $10.47, even
at the very low present price of oil and
meal. At a future time I will estimate i
in bulletin form tlhe profits to the mill
man in this 810.47.. At present I shallI
confine nmyself to the farmers' side of -
the question.
The average composition of a ton of
the seed in fertilizing material is 60.60
pounds of nitrogen, 23.2 pounds of 1
phosphoric acid, and 25.1 pounds
of potash. The money value of a
ton of meal is $1F, and at that I
price it is the cheapest all-pur-.I
pose fertilizer which the farmer
can buy. Add "2 to this for hauling
home,. and the price becomes $18 per
ton. But how does its price compare
with price of the seed at $S a ton? The
average fertilizer composition of a ton
of the meal is 182.8 pounds of nitrogen.
53.6 pounds of phosphoric acid and
"5.8. pounds of potash. This would
make about the following valuation
per pound of the above ingredients:
Nitrogen, 10 cents; phosphoric acid, 6
cents; potash 4 cents. These prices
would give a money valuation to cot
ton seed themselves of 88.45. So when
the farmer sells seed at 6S per ton. and
buys meal at 816 per ton, he is losing
about $2.:.0, not counting the cost of
hauling the seed to the mill or nearest
market. This estimate is based on the
fertilizer value alone. IBut to apply
raw seed or meal is the most wasteful
way to use them for a fertilizer, since
their feed value is thereby lost. Let
us compare:
THIIE FEED COMPOSITIXO OF THE TWO.
The seed contains, per ton, 374 pounds
of protein, or nitrogenous material,
314.8 pounds of nitrogen free-extract,
including starch, sugar. resins. 'etc.,
414.8 pounds of oil. The meal contains,
per ton, S46 pounds of protein, 472
pounds of nitrogen free-extract. 262
pounds of oil. It is difficult to place
anything like a correct money value on
the above ingredients. But they show
the seed are richer in oil-too rich, as is
well known-and in nitrogen free-ex
tract, than isthe meal. But the meal
contains two and one-half times the
amount of protien in the seed. There
fore, so far as chemical composition is
concerned, two and a half tons of seed
used would more than compensate for
one of meal. But the meal costs the
fariner 18, and he receives $15 for the
seed, a loss of SCa It may be said that
the meal is a better feed than the seed,
practically, regardless of chemical com
position. In sonic respects it is better,
but can no more be fed without rough
nqss or coarse fodder of some kind than
the seed.
In an extensive fceding experiment
covering two winters, it wan shown by
Professors Gully and Carson (Bulletin
No. 6) at this station, "that for differ
ent cattle foods, a ration made up of
cotton hulls and cotton meal is equal,
if not superior, to a ration of any other
two feed stuffs used for fattening cat
tie, but a cheaper ration may be com
pounded of silage and cotton seed. or
of corn, hay, and cotton seed at the
prices given, namely: Forty cents a
bushel for corn; 820 a ton for cotton
seed meel. silage at $2 per ton, 853 per
ton for hulls, and 87 per ton for eotton
seed.
I conclude, therefore, that if the
farmer wishes to make a choice be
tween seed and meal for fertilizer pur
poses only, at the present prices, he
loses about $2.50 per ton if he decides
in favor of the meal. If for feeding
purposes, lie loses about $3 per ton.
That is, it we assume the manure from
a ton of seed and a ton of meal to be
worth the same or nothing. iut since
that from the meal is worth a little
more, it would bring the loss in either
case to about the same-2.50 for every
ton bought and sold. The only excuse
for such a practice is then, Ist: The
land is so rich it needs no fertilizer. 2:
One owns more seed than he can feed.
And it is doubtful whether a farmer is
ever justified in having more cotton
sted st this price than he has cattle to
eat them.-IL II. arrington, in Teas
Farm and Ranch.
SWINE BREiEDING.
A Matter TLhat I r[ r armer ubobat
During the next three moenths the
sews should be bred for the spring
pit. Solar as eaP be done It is best to
breed them so as to ahns thEsi ro~w
:2bleMritsakhmttid
aos..they
abl jl.Mb _usq tMht they and ther
i . ;:i iw$l be protected. from eold a
"dsatoriens itey can be bred to farrowr
in Feberary. -Thep inelpal advantage a
in this is that the pigs have a much e
WIoger time to grow and get ready for I
market before cold, stormy weather
sets l. The pigs must depend largely a
upon their mother's milk for at least a
month.or six weeks, and by the time
they begin to eat well there will be 1
good pasturags. nt it is not good
policy to have the pig come early un- 1
less a good shelter can be provided, as e
it is very important that the young 3
pigs make a good growth from the I
start. February pigs are easily stunt- I
ed if exposed to cold, even though the
dams may be reasonably well fed, and I
when good shelter can not be readily t
provided it will be best to put off the I
breeding until later and then have the I
pigs come early In April The advan- I
tage of good pastnurage with warmer
and well-settled weather will aid ma
terially in receiving a thrifty growth, I
and with good feeding April pigs can t
readily be ready for market in good
season in the falL
In the south, - March may be a good
month and March pigs have eight I
months in which to grow. Farther
north March is objectionable for the a
reason that it is nearly always blus- I
tery and very changeable, and for this a
reason it is best to avoid. But take
care to breed the sows for spring pigs. I
A vigorous sow will come in every
three weeks, and with a good boar I
with a little care can be got safely in
pig in good season.-Farm and Ranch.
. Impsbve Yeur Stoek.
It is choice cows, sheep, horses and
swine that yield tUse greatest return to
skillful husbandmen. The production
of scrubs, or mean stock of any kind,
is rather a mean business in a pecuni
ary point of view. Raise superior farm
animals on rich, nutritious grasses if
you seek a good income from your farm
in stock husbandry. Such animals may
obtain part of their living from unim
proved old fields, particularly sheep;
ifht they want good clover hay in win
ter or hay made of the finer grasses.
The west prominent error in stock
growing is the attempt to rear fine cat
tie, horses. sheep and swine, on scanty
and defective food. Some want a good
deal of milk, or wool from little or
nothing. They ask nature to make
them rich, while they lie in the shade
of summer, and sit by the fire in w-in
ter, and leave their poor animals to
nearly or quite perish from cold and
neglect.
Those who have the comfort and
health of their domestic animals at
heart and watch closely their own
pecuniary interest will see to it above
all things that every animal has a dry,
warm, well-ventilated and lighted sta
ble, always having proper regard to
cleanliness. Without these no asRount
of good feeding will insure the healthy
condition of domestic animals.-F arm
and Ranch.
HERE AND THERE.
-Arrange to haul out and apply the
manure as fast as made.
-Be sure that all newly-set, as well
as young trees, are protected against
rabbits.
-Don't leave milch cows out in the
cold to make them hardy; it don't work
that way.
--One advantage with winter dairy
ing is that the products are in more
demand and at much better prices.
-A low truck wagon with broad
tires is quite a convenience in doing
the necessary hauling on the farm in
winter.
-Keep the stock under shelter - hen
it is cold and stormy, but let the'b run
out every day that the weather will
permit.
-Feeding and watering regularly
are important items in leepinu the
stock in a good thirty conCaition
through the winter.
-A new use for surplus hay and
straw has been discovered (aeco 'ding
to the papers). It is to be pres-ed into
paving blocks What next?
-Sheep should never be given more
grain than they will cat up clean in a
few minutes. Too much grain with
sheep is as bad as too little.
-While sheep can be wintered with
out grain, as a rule a better growth of
wool and better lam'os will be secured
if a light ration is given daily.
i-So far as it is possible to avoid do
not compel any class of stock to dr'nk
ice-cold water, even that pumped up
fresh is warmer than that which has
been allowed to freeze.
-December is the month for counting
up the season's work. Do this as fully as
possible, and then start in the new year
by keeping accounts with the diferent
r crops and kinds of stock.
-There is cotton now in many fields
that will not be picked. At present
prices it is claimed that it will not pay
for the labor and cost of the work, and
that there ismore profit in plowing it
in with the stalks.
-It is of no possible advantage to
Sallow the stock to tramp over the fields
and pastures during the winter after
the supply of grass is gone, while if the
Sground is even just a little soft cousid
o rable damage is done.
-Burning grass, weeds and stalks
fits the field nicely for the plow, and
many there be who do it. But it is an
Sindirect robbery of the soil for which
Sthe farmer will safer by and by. If
you can't plowall the trash under with
Sthe prows and teams you have, get bet
Sterones.
 -The ishipments of both cattle and
Ssheep to lirope from this country
Sbids fair to surpess thom of any pre
rious year. But how i it that with an
ever inreasing foreign demand for
American food atuffs the prices remair
a unusually low? Supply and demani
don't seem to regulate prices may to
* speak of.
g -8gpaying milch cows is a common
o practice in England. It is claimed that
a the process- makes continuous milkers
. withotthe l .oss etailed by support
a ipg a cull t. PaetWalaek .writes that
news girs4i -onsta
4nttt
··S;~~~ ·r
i'atife of Rhctafkh Pt'iissis, and a
13 ;kzs' Aitase years old: .
With the possible exception qof d
Th.mas Edison, John Erd onra. who
s~eived'thd Monitor, 'was the .nost a
proliflo Inventor of the contary. -.is
ideas sufficed to build up many large tl
fortunes He was the originator ot a
nearly one thousand devies.'
-heshomoln Robertson, one of the a
foremost leaders of the great Scottish
coal-miners' strike, speaks French with bh
an unimpeachbble accent, is acquaint
ed to some extent with German, writes w
two systems of shorthand, and reads rj
Carlyle and Schopenhauer. He wears d&
a velvet jacket cut a Ia Whistler, af- sJ
fects a storve-pipe hat of the pattern q
worn ten years ago, and is profuse in ti
his display of jewelry. - in
-There is in New York city a po- a
ieenman who has managed on pay nev- oi
er exceeding twelve hundred dollars a o0
year, and without opportunity for un- p
lawful gains, to put one son through a tl
famous college and to graduate him in a
medicine; to get another a commission it
in the navy, and to send-two daughters o'
to one of the best women's colleges. 13
Meanwhile the father has gone on do- b
ing his modest duty and asking aid of c
no man. o
-One warm-hearted man in New P
York city gives hisi cast-off garments tl
to the Salvation army, with the belief
that the clothes wvill finally be be- o
stowed where they will do the most n
good. His wife, seeing his satisfaction si
with this form of charity, announces g
her intention of doing the like with her a
old party gowns, and the Salvation a
army may in time be confronted with o
the choice of declining to be the lady's v
almoner. or administering to feminine si
vanity and worldliness in tenement 'I
house quarters. - s
-Sometimes it is the lot of women d
to find herself in a restaurant with v
just enough money to pay for her n
luncheon and not enough to allow a P
tip to the waiter. If this should be a
yoar fate some time do not cringe and a
assume a meeching air. Remember c
that you don't believe in the feeing a
custom afiyway. and regard yourself n
as a reformer, as a pioneer in a great, I
uplifting movement. Such thoughts
as these may enable you to get out of
the dining-room without loo ag like
a detected sneak thief.
-Pope Leo is getting ready his nar- f
row house betimes; the sculptor, Ma
rasai, is at work upon his sepulchre,
which is of white Carrara marble. On
its lid there is a lion, with a paw rest
ing upon the pontifical tiara; on the
right is a statue of faith bearing a
candle and the Holy Scriptures; on the s
left, a statue of Truth, with the pope's I
arms in one hand; on the side beneath f
the lion, the inscription: "'lie Leo i
XIII., P. lI. Pulvis est"-"Here lies
Leo XIII., Sovereign Pontiff (Pontifex
MNaximus). He is dust.'
-The duke of Westminster being well a
known to be the wealthiest man in a
England, there has been much curios- t
ity as to the sum he would settle on a
his daughter, Lady :Margaret Grosvenor, t
on the occasion of her marriage to
Prince Adolphus of Teck, brother of I
the future queen of England. Sinde t
the queen gave her formal consent to
the match, tlree weeks ago, it has t
leaked out that Lady Margaret's dot a
will be l,500,000--onc-half to be paid a
upon her marriage and the other half c
at the duke of WVestminster's death.
This is really quite a handsome settle
ment, for the duke has a large family
of daughters, and lie has to provide for
them all out of his savings, for the es- t
tates are strictly entailed.
"A LITTLE NONSENSE." t
-"Do you think the gcood die young"" I
"Certainly not: I'm over fimty."-De
troit Free Press.
--Guessed.-Hanks-"My baby is on
ly nine months old and can talk."
l'ank-"It must be a girl."-Detroit 1
Free Press.
-Wife--"Tommy doesn't seem to be I
afraid of policemen." Hllsband-"Whsy '
should he? His nurse was a very pret
ty girl."-Life.
-Mrs. Upson-"Mrs. (;ayboy says i
she can never tell anything about her
husband." Upson--"Humph: Leaves
that to the neighbors, I suppose."-Bluf
fulo Courier.
-If the passion for humor keeps
growing with Americans, instead of
saying wise or pious things when they
die they will finally crack jokes.
Atchison Glob2.
-P'assenger-"3Mercy on us: A rob
ber has held up the train:" Robber
"Don't be alarmed. gentlemen. Just
throw the porter off and the train can
proceed:"-Atlanta Constitution.
-Up the Court.-First Lady (threat
eningly) -"Did you call me a two-faced
thing, did you?" Second Lady (un
abashed)-"Yes, I did; anh wot's more,
I don't know which on em's the ugli
est."-Tit-Bits.
-Orthodoxy-"Brethrean, I have been
asked so many times during the last
week to pray for rain that at last I
consent, knowing, however, that it is
useless, for the wind is stiff in the
west."-Harlem Life.
-Passerby--"Say. Johnny, why are
you wasting your time here shooting
crapsr'?" Messenger boy-"Wasting my
time? What's der matter wid yer?
I'm gettin' paid for every minute of it.
Got a message in me pocket-."-Y. Y.
Herald.
-Value of Education.-Miistress (an
grily)-"Sec. Bridget, I can write my
name in the dust!" "Servant (admir
ingly)-'"Oh, mum, that's amore than I
can do. There's nothing like educa
tion after all, is there, mum?"-House
Furnishing.
-"I suppose there must he money
in polities," casually retnarked the
well meaning person. "Your sup
position is indisputably correct,"
wearily responded the candidate with
-a barrel -'I've put something like
ten thousand dollars in myself since
my nomination."-Buffalo Courier.
-Frances, three and one-half years
old, received her first ocean bath at the
beach one day, and having only the
family bath tub as her gauge of meas
arement, she said to her papa when he
had brought her into the surf up to her
neck: "O-o-o-ob, papa, papa, take me
>ut quick! It's too full."-~Boston
Herald.
An Obtpeas swtadle.
"Tommy is an awful fillow to play
.-windling achemes.'
"What's he done now" "
"e g, n -.dst i t an e rano poity
.a -t14 1lf an&.1 shan ioaloel a football
as theyydo i ll wit '.4rde d.
ebhatrsiropeled by.A -the
>t ino i yh t eelesib s
ex e ssater.and t` s is so w it
rable wtoay otiur a tor ro the
Sseventee ini al.s. aw
sledge of this a. eaeriptin . nl
asarted aiidets Rlano- eao
are not tobe fonAd inUe dfftytsteaets,
crowded as they are with overworked
humanity..
It is not likely that the tohlesin l
will ever astonilsh the world with a
rival to onrmarte or Sees, for they
ion; but they are, nevertheless, fairly
there haie been some efforts made to
introduce ice yachts out there, which
would, indeed, be a grand thing not
only for sport, but for the transport
the impassable condition of the
wretched causeways which do duty
in China' for high roads. There are
over seventy miles of the Poeho annual
ly covered with cle several feet thick.
bank to bank, extending from Tung
Chan, the port of Pekin, to the mouth
of the river at Taku, in the gulf of
Pe-Che-LL What a noble roe course
this would form for our fen skaters!
It is not commonly known that the
Capital of China is ice-bound for five
months out of the twelve, or that the
stolid-looking Chinese could ever be
graceful skaters, yet both these facts
are well established. The Chinese use
a very inferior style of skate, of their
own manufacture-a mere chunk of
wood arranged to tie on the shoe, and
shod with a rather broad strip of iron.
There is no attempt at elegance of de
sign or at anything approaching a
spring fastening. A pair of "Acmos,"
when shown by the writer to some
native students in the Chinese capital,
produced unbounded astonishment and
admiration by their- neatness and
strength. On the other hand, the very
cheapness and simplicity of the com
mon native-made article tends to
make skating general.-Pittsburgb
Dispatch.
A BIfRACLE IN TEXAS.
investigated by the Texas Chrle
tan Advocate and Vouohed
for by Dr. O. H. Stans
bury.
(From the Texas Christian Advocate)
Our representative has made a careful in
vestigation of the HL E. Spaulding case at
Longview, which is here published for the
first time, and which willbe read with great
interest by medical men overywhere. In
reply to the Christian Advocate's questions
Mr. Spaulding said: About eight years ago
while running a locomotive I contracted
sciatio rheumatism in my left side from
my hip down. It came on slow but sure
and in a few months I lost control en
tirely of that member, it was just the same
as if it was paralyzed, I was totally unable
to move out of my room for a year and a
half, six months of which time I was bed
ridden. I tried every remedy suggested,
and had regular physicians in constant at
tendance on me. I was bundled up and sent
to Hot Springs where I spent three months
under the treatment of the most eminent
specialists, all of which did me no good,
and I came back from the springs in a worse
condition than when I went. I came
home and laid flat on my back and
suffered the most excruciating agonies, I
screaming in pain every time any
body walked across the room, the only ease
I obtained being from the constant use of
opiates. After three months of this kind
of agony, during which time my entire left
leg perished away to the very bone, my at
tention was called to a new remedy called
Dr. Wilitams' Pink Pills for Pale People, by
Mr. Allison who is now train dispatcher at i
Texarkana, and who was relieved cf loco
motor ataxia of twenty years duration. At
his urgent and repeated solicitation I con
sented to give them a trial, after taking a
few doses I began to improve .x continued
taking the pills and kept right on improving
until I was finally cured. My leg is justthe
same size now as the other one, and I am
sure that Pink Pills not only cured me but
saved life.
The reporter next visited Dr. C. H. Stans
bury, a graduate of one of the medical
schools of Kentucky, and a man who en
joys the confidence of everybody in Long
view. He said: "I kn ow that Mr. Spaulding
had a terribly severe attack of sciatic rhen
matism of which I tried to cure him ; usme
everything known to my profession in vain
and finally recomm ended him to-go to ot
Springs. He came back from the springs
worse than when he went and I thought it
was only a matter of time until his heart
would be affected and he would die. I also
know that his cure is the direct result of
the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pis"'
,That is rather an unusual statement for
a reular physician to make, doctor."
"IZknowit is, but a fact is a factand
there are hundreds of people right here in
Longview who knowK what I ay ism the
truti. I also know Mr. Allison and know
thathe was relieved of a genuinde and severn
case of locomotor atrr of twenty er
standing."
Tovrol has not bleen so cheap in Liv
erpool as it is now for forty-six years
Tni native home of wheat fi sup
posed to be the mountain regioens of
Armenia.
CHe.a raises and consumes more
ducks than any other country in the
world.
A Fram article of molasses can be
made from the stalks of the commont
maice.
Wa-GoRoD snuffs are always al
lowed to ferment after grinding, and
various perfumes and essences sre then
added to give the desired flavor.
T~E English railroads have cost their
ovners abount 22t7,000 a mile; ounrs have
cost about 663,700, or a little more than
one-fourth as much.
To compAgna general, of MauAlla,
employee 10,000 hends and turns out
every year 80.000,id000 cigars, 40,000,000
cigarettes oand 2,0 tons of out to
bacc __
AB6UT OURSELVeS.
Tan average number of persons to a
dwellrn-house at the last census was
Tn 230.000 Indians of the United
States hold 90,000,000 cres of land, ex
elusive of Alaska.
Ta. fiust savings bank in this con
stryws the Pblladelphia Saving Fund
society, organied in 1916 It is still in
existence.
Tim colord element is increasing
much lesis rapidly than the white-nat
only in the eountry at large but Inla e
southeretmt.
ant imslnia -. rIt'w, n-ss
turers, and w ell.known bymit dealer. r- ...... _-,::
If.some .grocerI try to sell another baking .""""
powder in place of the ** Royal," it is beca "a.g: i·i
the greater profit. This of itself is good evidence---, "/
of the superiority of the "Royal." To give grea;x- ".. -.
profit the other must be a lower ost .powder,. and-i,.:
to cost less it must be made with er apnr r and:
inferior materials and thus though sellig for the. ;
same, give less value to the consumer baking
LOOK with suspicion upon every attempt to palm off''
upon you any baking powder in place oft is b us the:
SRof a" the There is no substitute for the RoRoya" To give great
"1Royal." -There is no substitute for the --RoyaL"
CALENDAR FOR 1895. t
JA(UT ARY JULTY
1 7 8 9101112 7 8 9101112 18
18 14 151617 1819 14 1516 17 1819 20
2O 21 22 29 24 26 26 21 22 28 24 2526 27
27 229 8081 . .. 28 29801. I
EITBAIBTY AUVVRW
1011 121814 1616 1112181415 16117
171819 2021 22 28 18 1912012122 124 C
24 25 26 27 28.... 26 26 27 28 29 1 081
17181920212223......... 22282425 262728 I
24 25 26 27 2829 29 80 .: . ... . .
8 11.. .. -I .I - . _.. I- . _
APRIL OCTOBER
.1 2843 6...1 2845
7 8 911041112118 6 71 9101112
1416156117 1819120 18 1415 16ý17 18 19
28 29180 0... 27 28129130 811.
MAY (OVEMBIE
.... 1 2 4......... 2
617 8 91011 84 61 89
12 18114 15116 17118 10 11 l213:i14 15416
19 20 21 2221248 2 17 18 1920 21 22 23
26 27 28129 30;31.5. 24226I 28 29 SO
. - !.. I ..... I..I..-
JVNE DECEMBER
4 1 8 91011128111
910312 1311411515 1 119120121
161718 191 202122 2324 2 262728
2 25627 123031 ... 2 2.
STRAeER--"Zum Donnerwetter, now you
have cut my chin a second time. If nuo
can't shave better. than that. you trill aoe
all your customers pretty quick." Barber's
Apprentce--"ot at vall! r am not atlovned.
to shave the teglar customers yet; 1 only
phave strangersF"-Flegende Blatter.
RE TO HBAVS A GoonD Tes.--'Have you
received an invitation to the Bachelors'
baller "Yes, indeed. I'm to eo the only
irl there." "hat: "Yes; really. ou
,snow the bachelors only had an invitation
apiece to send out, and I've received one
hrom.eacl,"-Harper' Bazar.
Jtyoars-"T-'he governor write. in reply
to my last letter asking for money, that he
is on the verge of giving up in despair."
Sophonmorocus-"That's encouraging. My
dad curtly informs me that he doesn't pro
pose to give up at all."'-Bualo Courier.
OvEnEAR v - ocl'r .-"I hear De Graf
is making a great success as a musician."
S"But he doesn't know anything about
musie." "'No: that is why he succeeds."
Detroit k'ree Press.
!esPePSEE (virtuously)-"We- , I should
like to see a man try to kiss n good-by at
the gts, that's all " MIss Sixteen (mis
tchlevously)e-"So should L"--Somervillmo
Journal. sol
HOTELGuesT--"Now, are you sure that
t this bed is quito cleant'" ,lad-"Ye sir.
The sheets were only washed this morning.
Just feel 'em; they ain't dry yet l"-TitBits.
How M TRBoAT Htrs l--Why don't you
us Hale's Honey of Horehound and Tart
tile's Toothac~h Drops Cure in one minute.
"I'vE been pondering over a very singular
thing." "'What is it " "'How putting a
o ing on a woman's third finger should place
you under that woman's thumb."-Lie.
[.LAIRETTE 5DAP
'DR THE N.K.FAIRBANK COMIPANY. SLoms.
Cotton Blight.
Tests .made by the Alabama Experiment Station and
elsewhere prove conclusively that
Kainit Prevents
coto bigle. Planters can prevent the immense loss crause
.Manmly,.D, this duseae. Send for our pamnphlets.
a asymet se I 1 w east y.w. aocsns tIeo .te* at*i4 m aonw .gr wl <e e.
sllat j- asasAw uS weaor. wmearns, Aw newl
If sense Gtass
Werebliou e Lbwouldn,'tbe thi@Y l .
of little boys sand girls that b is.
ople are a ro.lTey r uobtti_ r1s .
irom their blood and their tempers
and the same tme. The Bitter. is em
faliible myrevetive of mralrial, kidny
eumatle aolments aon triumphs over dY
epsi and nervousness. It regulates,
ao sec without gripnlo them.
IerexT Rsrsoet.G--r.W -at- is theto :
Wadllgh, between you and Miss bopon r"
"I cald her 'Sweet Ale and se or'
me to Bolt."-Detroit Free tres. -
Motless. When Tour C hl dren
Tak.s cold and are sick with a Cougis or
Croup, give threm Allen's Lug Balsam: ;
will be pleased with the rsult. It con
no opium and its "action is _
causing the phlegm to rise nd the ins
membrane to heal rapidly.
"'lr my employer does not retract whatbe
saidtomeths me - I shall leave his
said to me this mrn s c
store." "Why, w hatd ai boss.y_",l t'
me to look for another plao."-'Ieblr Lare
Piso's Cure for Consumption has noquat
as a Cough medicine.-F. M. Anso'T, 8
Seneca St., Buffalo, N. Y., May 9, 1ci.
Tascuan "Now,Clalearew ntNwbatyom
know abott Croesus'" Cnarley--"DUd
wear 'm in their pants."-Barlem Liee.
In Our Oreat Orandfatler's Ta w,
big bulky pills wer InL
general use. Like the
"blunderbuss" of
that decade they
Swere biga no ltm
s but ineffe
tive. In thisceit
ury of enlight
eunent, welhave
stomach aco
bowel derange
ments in the
mnost effective
Assist atnare
a little now and then, with a gentle
cleansing laxative, thereby removing otf
feuding matter from the stomach and
bowels, toniug up and invigorating the
liver and quickening its tardy actiob,
and you thereby remove the cause of a
multitude of distressing diseases, such as
headaches, indigestion, or dyspepsia,
biliousness, pimples, blotches, eruptions
boils, constipation, piles, fistulas and
maladies too numerous to mnention.
If people would pay more attenstion to
properly regulating the action of their
bowels, thiey wvoul have less fre
quent occasion to call for their doctor's
services to subdue attacks of dangerous
diseases.
Tlhat, of all known agents to accom
plish this purpose, )r. Pierce's Pleasant
i'ellets are unequzled, is proven by the
fact that once used, they are always in
favor. Their secondary effect is to keep
tthe bowels open and regular, not to fur
ther constipate, as is the case with other
pills. Hence. tlheir great popularity.
with sufferers fronm habitual constipation.
piles and indigestion.
A free sample of thle "Pellets," (a to 7
doses) on trial, is mailed to any address,
post-paid, on receipt of name and address
on postal card.
Address, WorOLD'S D:SPEc:SARV MZFDI
c rA AssoCIATION, Buffalo, N. Y.
A. N. K.,F 1532
L c-wsa W aslvnl TO ADVIU lWT 53 PL~ A&5
D saie ..at rue m saw lbe hi U.mte te