,pon uerich, red, nourishing,
Iig blood. The nerves derive
from tho blood and when
frak it is because they do not re
nourlmisent needed. The true
r nervousness will not be found in
sedlative Compounds. These only
lsiymptoms,
Mod's
arilla
tl .'s", r y y purifying and en
ag : b<.hiJ,t, gia it just those
d n . hicgh arn., 1AFlded for the
per sup.,rt of the nervous system.
Hundreds of women who once suffered
a om nervousness, write that they have
. aken Hood's Sarsaparilla and nervolsness
r:-.g'tedisappearod. This was because Hood's
" ssp.arilla purified their blood.
WcaK and Worn Out
Close confinement causes thin, depleted
ra: blood, al that tired feeling. Hood's Sar
saparilla gives pure blood, appetite and
strength. A well known telegraph oper
Hood's ator writes as follows:
".hare taken several bot
Shrsaparplla ties of Hood's arsaparilla
and am continuing with it
akl regularly. It does every
S thig that is claimed for it.
b It is an excellent blood pu
rifler. When I commenced
Rd Blod ,taking Hood's Sarsaparilla
Be I was troubled with im
pure blood, boils and pimples broke out
on my body, but now they have entirely
disappeared. Hood's Sarsaparilla is an ex
cellent medicine for that tired feeling. It
puts new life into weak and tired out peo
ple." MILTON 8. BETTIGERi, 2371 North
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is the Only
eu Blood Purifier
TrZ pu rifyin - ' ' -,.t. . " -iv:. :o, to
t. tu stal, di vt:rswt rr" .:fu ;:3F
0010.0 nrrrr:w Oy r po. ot o .., r .... .. .. I.act
.. f... .A S+ s... .. " " W AWX " LD ABO -- Ui
500 AERMOTORS d
W_ doo attribut th sl fairly good recor enirelly to our r
!arts, hot M the superiority of Lire gcods rhieLon moake.
ermea U Dri,. Urlhoo Ill., robruory l18O, l18." y
6teo : We oulht. and pot up Aermotor Io. 2. cod
out of the firt fity whoich yro made to had thirte~a. Since l1(
-hat ti m w hase mold about
400 AERMOTORs
m o r moll t t p s tetor ot ornmJoot
Aod. nh trlfo the *arnoto t orn mod
thoer ito wndlmih to In our territoher-u
L=tohe in. de ne-- periority f the ell
Leraotor i detgn. orhlor othlp.
finish (s11 4.1, niasafter eom.le"Ccl
tieal., md bility to run and do . .ll.r wor lk
who n othor. stand 1dle for want of wrnd.
Wo thoold have old moe. bet thi rothio nes well re
uppied with wind powr when the Aermotor t
pured. it okml onl
peor..! it bntl g. rtoano to Chicogo. and had for sh
ets hwm the grond for teeoo or twelveo of the
ilia t|otrdk within tO malme of nts.
'Nor 0 reem i IlS torE 005 let,.
PhtCIe o wanelss AN Te It to rssTI.trrAl.
TOOT WIIISKL WITHl 5KUtOTOlt. tor ,oy
you have doring the paet yer ortO... do syprre- W
tieo yers rrid by lhout ono-half. .-tl hat
y'ou pert to double your lat year's out.it th l U
omle· aeor. Cot on ,to f.r ror portion oft t, for
the Aert.otor loever ottod fartber, hre ell eomptitort ill rope.
tatiLm and in faet thal tL-. edra  BAlota Iorrdato, Ill.. W.n
The mot Aermeator ad. rill be of pups. We sholl ofer forn
pa
Chl w h15 cor
to seU sah n Et it
S LATESTor C., l
PARIS
FASHIONS m
L'Art do La ModB. Am
8 Colored Plates, o
eDesigned by Our Speid pa
Corps or app
PAISIAN ARTISTS. tein
gP"Order it of your Newsdealer or scnd 8GO o
eeaorbetestnumber to
.IE MOIeE-BROUGHTON CO., is
str
the
eso-.eee Powwere--sea vide
Owbnans sazeee- witi
naryON 3u
-Ifood
AGRICULTURALHINTS
hing,' MAKING BRUSH DRAINS.
srive Plow to Sring Under Cultivation kEad
rhen That is Often Valueless.
4 re- The figures will serve to give an idea
true of the method of constructing brush
id in and stone drains, both which are very
only useful and entirely practicable under
certain conditions.
Boggy land cannot well be drained
at first with either stone or tile unless
these is a plank or board laid in the
bottom of the ditch, and when there is
a large quantity of brush presented,
by all means use it in the pioneer work,
which may be made to result in bring
ing the land under proper cultivation.
Dig drains through the marsh about
3 feet deep, and 1111 them half full of
brush, lopping the branches where they
ten. prevent the brush from lying close.
ered
tave
ness
nd'5
Place the tops of the branches down
stream, as shown in the cut. Over all
place a good covering of straw or some
other coarse material to prevent the
earth from sifting into the drain. If,
as is likely to be the case, this brush is
constantly immersed in water, it will
last for many years, and do the work
required most effectually.
When the ground has become settled,
stone or tile drains should be substi
tuted for the brush. If stone is used,
it should be remembered that the
t ditches must be deeper titan if tiled,
since in filling the drain the top of it
,ted will come nearly a foot nearer the sur
gar. face than thetile drain, and it might
and become obstructed if mice and other
per- vermin are present, by their digging
down to the top of the drain, and al- 1
bot lowing the earth and gilt to sift into it.
ill Stone drains, if well laid, as shown, t
ry
it.
annd put not less than 3 (better 4) fee t
ill ll stad perfectly, ad to all i
nutds upon
ely end of the marsh, try some of
ex- -
and put not less than 3 (better 4) feet apart, if the
land is to be thoroughfectly and effectuo all n- y
:··tpOf courseof the brush i rot i a few
Syears if the supply of water from b t,
; heath does noat keep them fairly wells- g
the case, since i n such grounding at the q
lowater oozes rom the bomarsh, try som, andof
sinceheai, placing them atrough the modrain ist p
stow.4
notndess than 3 to 40 fstances with suif the
drespect is towill look like thoroughly and effectudrallin
drhown.oun ry Genleman.
OfT h e hide s should be soaked in clear
water (sprin water isof the best) 24
hours and theath does the flesh workedly oell
thecase, since in such ground the it
oter oozes from the bottom, and 4 f t r i
with a lesdull knife and evenwashed are usdclean in
Swater. pread on a lat tale with flesh- i
side up. h ave a paste de of 1 quart be
corn made ofal, fairly goodunce size, hod, an oune e
crear oo tartar, r pint salt and 1 ounce
S thoroughly into a pasthe thavine drainthe
ownsi.-ecy of white ntlead. Spread the
To TandSlides with stair On.
pate ohe hideflesh sidd be soaked in clear
ticker prand let it dry whiles the hide is
reove froWn the table ah work over aoff
with a dull wih a dull knife until soft an in
water. Spread on a ilt table with flesh
r-ady for use. e ldbe hide should cea
stretseand and nailed to tle table so asf
Far 1k and wlorae.
Ter e Selection of Need Corn. fe
side up. aneve a pste history of 1 quart
new milk, 1 quart wheat flour, ; pint
bcounrltry meal, h pint oatmeal, 1 pint
solin citousea, an ounce salproper sodelectio, an ounce
cream. o tartar, 1 pint salt anevery 1 farmersunce
ingoil andf vitriol. orix careful every and in
paper devoted to agricultural matters.
It i veroughly evident tha paste havin theed
corn is to tebcy of white lead. Spread the
pateoll-bre the flhorsh sidheep, abot inch th
tandick thatd let it dry ile the mostide is
pread theon thbet crop. he nerlydry wing i
remeovae r o the table and be maore and
beamured with a dfreuell knie untishallow cultiva-nd
tion. It conserves the moisture be
reathdy for use. urfache becauide sactinould beg aa
mulch.-Colman's Rnral World.
A stretched and nailed to the table so as
American Agriculturist as follows: I o
to kehadp itsshreatucce.-. . oth inapood, in
Farwith and plantede. e
apply it at the tin of planting scat- t
tering it. freely in the dril befstory ef this an
piece without plaster, have showen morthate -
soicitous usfor the propelmotes a smooth hselection of Hc
growth, free fron seab and othe subject is dis
ingease, and in nearperceptibly increasesver not ws
only the total yield, but ealso the pro
portion is tof marketable potatoes. much s a b
andFeed Betahose who tare the most re- fo
ful in excellent egg food isll, a good mess, It
of beansk three times a week. Cook the a
beans by boiling in aon ordinary pot, n
Eadd some finely chopped meatson, if not too car
the mess with go round oats, e made and tgive
the hens ll th ruent shallow cultiva- the
tihave non. It cogivenrvs them proper foodisture be- fl
newith grainte surfaceight. leauns actre rich ina a
itrogen, eand mak e a very notlrshg. ar
tion with rye ploed under and also une
t0o6 fow aiiMl.ds of pourltry. ber
S ABOUT BEE PARALYSIS.
Partlally Smaryed Broode Is the Cause of
the Trouble.
A writer in American Bee Journal
says: "For several years I warned the
bee-keepers in times of sudden checks
idea in the honey flow to look well after
ush their bees, and either uncap honey in
rery the brood chambers in the evenings, or
ider feed so as to keep the colonies well
suppled with unsealed stores. Brood
ned is always well fed when the colonies
have abundance of unsealed stores.
Ihe But if a cheek takes place so as to stop
id a honey flow suddenly, while colonies
ted, have a large quantity of brood on
ork, hand, the bees will use up the unsealed
ong stores very soon, and then the bees
outwon't uncap the sealed honey fast
1of enough to keep pace w~th the amount
of brood that requires feeding. Soon
hey after that the small larvae will be
fos. found looking like little dried worms
in the bottom of the cells without a
particle of food. In some cells ready
to cap, will be seen some of this
starved brood, with a brownish color,
lying on the lower side of the cells
and turned up a little. Some of the
capped brood dies through not being
fed enough to last until hatched. And
some of the bees that do hatch out of
this scanty-fed brood will be a day or
wn two longer in hatching, and when
all hatched some of these bees will be
)me dark in color and scarcely able to fly.
the And when the owner sees the bees of
If, the same hives in some cases killing off
h is these useless bees, he will be apt to
will think them old, worn-out bees that are
ork being killed off. If the bee-keeper
would see that his colonies of bees had
led, plenty of unsealed stores while brood
sti- rearing is going on, he never would be
.ed, troubled with this state of things in
the the apiary."
od,
fit GUINEAS ON THE FARM.
ur
;ht They Are Profitable Because They Coas
her Almost Nothing to Ralse.
ing Guineas prefer to seek their food in
al- the fields, and they seldom come home
it. for food as long they can find a supply
vn, themselves. As a rule they mate, and
it is best, therefore, to have the sexes
equal. The hen steals her nest, but
cannot refrain from making a noise
when she comes off, which betrays her
to the watchful farmer. Guineas are
valuable on farms where the range is
wide, as they destroy a very large num- t
ber of insects and do not scratch up t
seeds. In fact, a flock of twenty guin- ,
eas will consume a number of insects c
so large as to almost appear incredible, .
as they are active and always search
ing. They also consume grass and t
young weeds, as well as the seeds of
undesirable plants and grasses. The f
hen lays about 125 eggs in a year, es
pecially if they are taken from her be- 1
fore she begins to sit. The flesh of the f
gunea is rather dark but Juicy, and of ,
a "gamy" flavor. They may be raised f
to remain near the house by placing o
et the eggs under hens and a few chicks
a- to the brood when the young guineas d
le. are hatched. They will learn from t
nh the chicks and soon become accuas
n tomed to the same habits as the chicks, f
's- growing up with them. The eggs re- a
le quire four weeks for incubation, and
of are usually hatched under hens in the
at poultry house.-P'rairio Farmer.
13 GOOD FEEDING RACK.
wAn Eeellent Device for Keeplng Food
and Water Clean.
l11 Feed and water for fowls may be
be protected from dirt and waste as shown
e in the cut below. The base is a board
id or plank 4 feet long and 1 foot wide. r
is An upright piece of inch board 1 foot
square is firmly nailed crosslise, 6 "
d inches from the end. Thin boards 2
c- inches wide are nailed all around the
e edge. Three strips 1 inch square and 3
e feet long are nailed to the top of the
in vertical boards, one at each upper cor
ner, and the third midway between.
On each side a series of vertical slats 3
inches apart extend from the bottom
it rid
re
e TO KEPL FEED AND wATER CLEAN. W
d at
e inches apart extend from the bottom st
board to the outer strip. These make de
rack through which the fowlscan extend cn
their heads t, reach the food which is w[
placed inside. The ledge along the in
outer edge retains any scattered food. an
The drinking dishes are set at each end
outside of the upright boards. The
liens are kept from getting into the
food with their feet, yet can reach it tr
easily and withdraw their heads with- it
out danger of getting hung by the neck.
It may be very cheaply constructed by
anyone accustomed to the use of tools.
-Miss Nannie Cable, in Farm and
SHome.
Hard Grains Are the Best. m
The only advantage in feeding soft fc
food is that in such shape the bone tic
meal, condition powder, medicine,
cooked meal, or general mixture mal by
be' more easily fed, but the best food i sla
whole grains. liens will not eat soft gr
food if they can get hard grains, unless dr
it be that the soft food contains mate
rial of which they are in need. Early dir
in the morning is the best time for th
feeding soft food, as then the hens o
can more quickly digest it a.nd appease Sh
their hunger, but they should go on pa
the roosts at night with their crops
full of hard grain.-Prairie Farmer. j,
The Man Who Makes Money. k
It is not from the extent of one's the
farm that money is made, but from the fici
labor that is put upon it. All profit s
comes from labor. Even a gold mine is
is valueless without labor. But labor, in
unaided by intelligence, is of little
value. True,. "the hand of the dili
gent ruaketh rich," but diligence in
volves intelligence, and this is obtained lay
by industry; by reading and study; by the
observation and experiment, and by abi
aptness to learn. One man thus onE
equipped will make more off a farm of son
100 acres than another can off one of eg
1,000.-Rural World. pr
**N'oveltles" In Potatoes. apr
Do not pay high prices for a few In
pounds of tubers of some new potato is
that may have many claims in its jus
favor unless you are sure of its excel- is c
lence, and even then it'would be well wit
to wait until it has been given a test tio
for several years, as many varieties cu
may be unreliable in some sections. ma
Novelties in seeds, fruits and vegeta- Th
bles are brought out every year, but hat
they sometimes happen to be old vari
eties with new names. They spring I
into existence as novelties one year out
and sink out of sight in two or three the
seasons 3054
FARM AND GARDEN.
MEADOWS AND LAWNS.
nal
the Apply USt Very Freely and Thoroughly
cks Brmk She Soil.
rter I am surprised that so few persons
in treat their lawns to a good annual
,or drugging. Even If no manure is ap
rell plied the best possible treatment in
pod spring is to run a harrow back and
lies forth till the sod in thoroughly cut
es. Into and aerated. The advantage is in
top breaking hidebound spots, tearing out
Lies moss and weeds, and letting the air
on feed the roots.
led 1 like best to sow my lawns with
ees salt and ashes, and all the coal ash I
ast can get from anthracite coal-not
tnt from bituminous. Then, if to be ob
,n tained, I use slaked lime or old plaster.
be Then the harrow is put on, and put on
,ms thoroughly. In this way a lawn that
ta cannot be plowed can be kept in good
edy condition for twenty years. When
his leaves blow over such lawns in the
or, tall I let them alone to cover and pro
118 tect the grass during the winter, and
,he after the dragging in the spring the
ag one cleaning takes away any leaves
.nd that are superilous. But most of such
of material is worked down about the
or grass roots and serves an admirable
fen purpose as a summer mulch, and adds
be finally to the humus.
ay. Salt serves a double purpose, and
of ought to be applied very freely. It
off kills some weeds entirely, such as
to moneywort, and it fertilizes the grass.
ae It takes a very heavy application to
,er damage any of our lawn grasses.
Lad Last year while digging a large cellar
ad- I used the whole of the dirt as a lawn
be dressing, scattering even the tougher
in clay freely about. This, as-it becomes
thoroughly aerated, blends with the
soil to decided advantage. By all
means use the drag on meadows.-E.
P. Powell, in Prairie Farmer.
nao
CORN EXPERIMENTS.
n Some Valuble Comparisons in Early and
no Late Sowing.
dy The results of a series of experi
d ments in corn culture are given by
:es Prof. IV. C. Latta, Purdue university,
't Lafayette, Ind. In comparing late
so and early sowing for a period of five
er years, the range of dates of planting
rec was from May 1 to 29. The average
is yield of the earliest planting was for
" ty-seven bushels: that of the latest,
UP thirty-six bushels. These averages
n- are considerably reduced by the poor
tcrop of 1893, which was less than half
e, a crop. Experiments' with deep and
h- shallow plowing were continued for
id three weeks. The corn ground was
of plowed four, six, eight, ten and twelve
7e inches. The highest average crops
'- were obtained from plowing eight
e- inches, and the lowest averages from
1o four inches. Experiments in deep and
shallow cultivation were continued
°d for five years, the cultivation being
ig one, two and three inches deep. The
cs average yields from cultivation one inch
i deep, fifty-one bushels; from cultiva
m tion two inches deep, fifty bushels;
s from cultivation three inches deep,
s forty-nine bushels. - Farmer's .:ag
Sazine.
Ld
Lo GAUGE RUNNER PLOVr.
A Device That May iBe Used Witho*at Step
ping froum the Furrow.
The value of a gauge on a plow to
regulate the depth, at which the plow
shall run is so obvious that nothing
need be said in its favor. The cut
1O shows an attachment for that purpose.
An flat wheel out on the beam is to ar
ranged that it can be raised or lowered
; by operating a lever on one of the hn-u
t dies, and, when set for any depth,
' "staying put." This device may be
used without stopping the plow or step
4 ping from the furrow. The plowman
PLOWVING AT ANY DESIRED DEPTd.
has complete and instant control. 'he
wheel is made to fit either a wooden
or an iron beam, and is held perfectly
rigid. T'he inventor has tried it on a
variety of plows and always with good e
results. Among its advantages sire:
When one part of a field is sandy, and a
another is composed of hard clay or ir. t
stony, the plow can be run at the same
depth, and in a fruit orchard the plow p
I can be instantly raised or lowered
s when passing near a tree, so as n,mt to
injure the roots.-). G. HIobby, in Farm
and Home. C
AGRICULTURAL HINTS
WIIEN land is in danger of wadmiing
try to get a good sod on it. It will Save
it greatly.
IN fertilizing pastures never use b'".rn
yard manure, which disgusts thile cows.
Use prepared fertilizers.
TVHERN fertilizers are necessary, the f'
wastefulness of letting the home-mance
manure go to waste and buying arti- M
ficial fertilizers should not be prae a
ticed.
A WORNOUT pasture may be improved
by going over it in the spring with a
slanting tooth harrow, and sowing blue ?
grass and clover. Then you may top g
dress with some prepared fertilizer.
GooD pastures are valuable in one
direction that is not avlways thought of, in
the cow does not need to wear herself tc
out in getting what she wants to eat.
She will pretty nearly do this on a thin
pasture.--Farmers' Voice.
FERDINe early in the spring is often
advisable to stimulate breeding and to
keep the colony strong, so that when
the early bloom comes, it may be suf.
ficiently strong to gather the honey.
Coffee and A sugar reduced to the con
sistency of honey is the best for feeding
in place of sealed honey.
Why Eggs Fail to Hatceh.
In her natural or wild.state, the hen
lays in the spring and summer, when
the conditions for success are favor
able. She is the companion of a vigor
ous male who may have battjed with
some competitor for her favors. The c
eggs from such a hen always hatch and
produce strong and hardy chicks. d
When the domestic hen lays in the Z
spring, the eggs usually 'hatch well.
In the fall and winter, when the hen
is stimulated to egg production, has
just passed through the molting period,
is overfed and confined, and is mated
with some worthless male, the condi
tions are not so favorable, and to se
cure good hatches from her eggs is a
matter of chance to a certain extent.
The season afects both laying and
hatching.-Prairie Farmer.
lr manures are permitted to remain
outdoors in the storm, it is estimated
that.sixty per cent.9p their V'alue i
.Iwehed out.
S PERSONAL INTELLIGENCEL
8ix near relatives of George H. Mo.
Calmon, of Biddeford,,Me., met violent
by deaths-the father, gwan'father, two
brothers and two cousins.
ose Aoes MA.aCnas, of Moemphis, Ten-.,
al is fond of moving. Since his marriage,
ip- In 1860, he has moved fifteen times. His
in twelve children were born in twelve
ad different states.
ut ABnoniusioP ConuIeAN received three
in thousand dollars as his fqe for perform
ut ing the Gould-Castellane wedding eere
sir mony. The archbishop received the
money in the shape of a cheek, signed
th by George Gould.
J. VW. MILDu, of Albany, Mo., claims
Lot the championship in his line of work.
'b- He has sawed eighty-seven cords of
er. wood this winter, but he is now spoil
n tg his good work by bragging about
tat it.
PROF. Jonra A. ZAms, of Notre Dame
en university (Indiana) who Is probably
he the foremost authority on science in
o- the American Catholic church, hasbeen
honored by the pope with the degree of
he doctor of philosophy.
" MRs. HRTTY GOnsN protests against
on paying taxes in New York on about 61,
le 543,000 money loaned by her on mort
de gages, but the tax department cruelly
closes its eare to her appeals. She
ad says her legal residence is in Vermont,
It where she pays taxes on a 42,500 valua
tion.
as Miss AMIaE POWDERLY, a native of
to Randolph, Mass., has been appointed
assistant private secretary to Lady
ar Henry Somerset. Miss Powderly ac
vn companied Lady Henry on her tour
er through this country as her stenog
es rapher. Miss Powderly is now on her
he way to England with her employer,
1l whom she will accompany on an ex
tended European trip.
SPORTS AND PASTIMES.
THE ancients knew how to cheat.
Loaded dice have been found in the
ruins of Herculaneum.
.i- RaV. DR. RAINsFORD, a well-known
]. Episcopal clergyman, has been chosen
, president of the New York Cricket as
e sociation.
re WEST VIROINIA has a girl hunter
whose aim is death to bears. She has a
record of seven large animals of the
r bruin family during the past year.
t, HOWARD GOULD lost over two thou
:s sand dollars in a poker game on the
,r steamer tI-at brought him back to New
if York. It "was won by a German baron.
SBeware of Ointments for Catarrh That
Contain Mercery.
as mercury will surely destroy the sense of
'e smell and completely derange the whole
me system when entering it through the mu
t cous surfaces. Such articles should never
be used except on prescriptions from rep
n tablophysiclans, asthe dmage theywilldo
d isten old to the good you can possibly de
d rive from them. Hail's Catarrh Cure man
afactured by F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O.,
contains no mercury, and is taken inter
e nally, acting directly upon the blood and
Smucous surfaces of the system. In buying
L all's Catarrh Cure be sure you get the gen
uine. It is taken internlly. and made in
t'oldo, Ohio, by F. J. Chenoy a & Co. Testl
, menials free.
fsold by Drunistse price tc. per bottle.
ll's Family Fills. 5 cents.
"DON'T pull yer gun in this here court,"
said tle judge. "You've got to respect the
dignity hileat yoh see lyin' roun' loose hcre
an' if you kill a man while court's in session
I'll line you for contempt 1"- -Atlanta Consti
tution.
V "Ir I could only," she exclaimed, "get it
Sthrough my head." tilte gazed at the large
that pin and wondered how she was going to
fasten Iher new street bonnet in place.-De
troit Tribune.
"War on earth is Mrs. Robertson study
ing lawt" l"'Sh intends hereafter to secure
her own divorces."-Brooklyn Life.
Tne. silent watches of the night-those
that are run down.--Phitadelphia Record.
Ao Indiana court has fixed the price of
stolen hisses in that state at "2550. But
what is the use of stealing 'em1-Toledo
Blade.
PEOPLE who are satisfied with themselver
seldom please anybody else.h-Milwaukee
Journal.
An Irisman's definition of wit.-"Wit is
tho lava vhich comes from the mouth of I
lively 'crater.' "-Tit-Bits.
IT is the young woman with the new suit
who first discovers that we are having an
early spring.-Boston Transcript.
TmE devil keeps the weak-hearted from
starting for Heaven by making them believd I
the way is all up hlll.--Ramn's Horn. a
JACK--"Not married yet? I thought you
were goingto marry a rich girl." Algernon
(dejectedly)--"So did I."
Tnp world owes us all a living, yet no man
can collect the debt unless he pulls off his
coat and takes it from the world's hide.
Texas Siftings.
Tai total depravity man, who drops in
occasionally, says he knows a good many
people, but not many good peopoe.-Bostou
Courier.
"MfEN become what they eat," said Prof.
Graham . _"Then I suppose pugilists are do
veloped from a diet of soraps," replied a
forward student.-Harlem Life.
"I woNDEa why that sensible Miss Au.
tique allie herself with this New Woman
movemont " "Perhaps she has heard her
self alluded to as an old woman."-Harper's
Bazap.
Fo,,FRTT-xIrn Friend (since breakfast time)
lM. Morton, what a dreadful coldyou've
got. What areyou taking for it?" Morton
To 5EE a bridegroom out in the yard earli'
In the morning in bhs shirt sleeves looking
for kindling takes a good deal of the r
mance out of his ca.--tohison Gtlobo.
AWAY .
Absolutely free of cost, for a
Ll/IlTD TillE ONLY,
The People's Common Sense Medical Ado
'riser Sy R.V. Pierce, M. D., Chief Consultlng
" Physician tothe Invalids' Hotel and Surgica'l
- Institute, Bulflo, a book of over ,eooo large
Spages .and 300 colored and other ilneastra
Ilions, in strong paper covers to any one
z sending ax cents in one-cent stamps for
packing_ and postage ol.,. Over 8o6.oo
. copies of this complete Family Doctor nook
already sold in cloth binding at regular
.prie of i.. Address: (with .t1ml. and
this Coupon) WoaLD's DirsztrsAra Stn
nuokin, N.Y. I
MW e- -, . - ;,-t I
m..Umr s5.· 15,
iOe..' ea
~@UALWPO.
Hie st of all i Leavening Power.-Latest U.S. Gov't epest
ABmSewavurin PWV.
"TA.inL, OOL" bhas followed the
Sspread of the real game. A board .i
marked out with six holes and hazards
of varying nature, and the moves to
a ward the putting greens are decided
I by a pack of cards played according to
f certain rules which accompany the
game.
PaEswIDE-r FAuRE of France takes a
e good deal of pride in the dinner he
r gives at the Elysee. lie has one of the
a best chefs in Paris, and his wine cellar
a is well stocked with rare vintage liHe
,f is not a gourmet himself, but he takes
great pleasure in bearing epicures
t praise the dishes that reach his table.
DOLLY IFnuosow is the name of an
old colored lady who resides near Car
rollton, Md. She was born in Bnehan
an county, Va., August 9, 1777, and is
therefore in the one hundred and eigh
teenth year of her age.
f AwnlTERsaysthat theseuseof humor very
I rarely exists in children under twelve years
old. This writer evidently has never seen a
five-year-old child prying open the eyes of a
four-days-old kitten.-Texas Siftings.
WAoos- "Did you have a fine time last
night?" Jaggs-"No, I had it this morn
Sing. Ten dollars fine; three dollarscosts."
S-Philadelphia Inquirer.
Ask Aid,
If you are troubled with malaria, constipa
tion, biliousness, kidney troubli3 or dyspep
sia, of Hbstotter's Stomach Bitters,and it
will be speedily forthcoming. Nervousness,
loss of appetite and sleep, and a loss of vig
or, are also remedied by this restorative.
Physicians of eminence indorse it, a valu
able confirmation of the verdict of the peo
ple and the press. T'ake it regularly.
Woor.-"I'm au-fully behind in my read
ing." Van Pelt--"low's tilat" Wool--'l
got switched off on 'Trilby,' and now I'm
behind on at least nine or ten new lives of
Napoleon."-N. Y. World.
FoR WVhooping Cough, Piso's Cure is a
successful remedy.--M1. . I)rcran, 67 Throop
Ave., Brooklyn, 1N.Y., Nov. 14, '94.
Tir woman who is proud of her back hair
dloes not require much urging to play some
thing on the piano.--Boston Transcript.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when j
rightly used. The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs. E
Its excellence is due to its presenting -
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical a
profession, because it acts on the Kid
nets, Liver and Bowels without weak
enng them and it is perfectly free from I
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in Oec and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fir P
Co. only, whose name is printe . -:
package, also the name,
and being well informed,
accept any substitute if oft8, -u'
iTb i.~
Pivked . ' .. Church
_ ' " P _ $,.7t.- ,
SAT C Sold
SANTACLAUSEverywhere.
SOAP. MAD ".N7,, DV.z.z szr
THE N. K. FAIRBANK.e C.MPA1 R4, , Choiago.
N "-z ------
Webster's Inters a4 .n onal
oe o1, oa" s~oma
Mv
e ov•ti s the tudar O 1"._ theU8,S
il s waurmlyr Comlfenand, Iy .,cry uedenln
A Coltege Presid er, rr "' : For ease with which the
....iv tetod isl~itndn oZA St 4tt.
im eo tat nutOt Jio . or terns yet
oeprehesiwes stat:r :,' is aý s~~? ede. j p jaete use
Sdiction:f r We. e "e
oth sisg ! ru-Inds the word souck' t. Lur a. 'y eý of deflfitiea. Lts er.
6vNTA BWUS ECAUSthere
C.AP. II.U shm,
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD; OoT USED
YSAP LIO
GOOD COOKING DEA A 3 CLEANUNE8S
SAPOIUIQ 8HQUL. D.., .. VU KIT EUN.
"*KIND hearts are more than eoronets,"
But somehow with the belles,
In choosing mates for life, it is
Ie The coronet that tells.
- Washington Ster.
d "Dn anm only one day in de y'ah," said
0 Uncle Ehen, "when folks orter look at de
o dahk side ob life, and dat's 'A~ancipatioo
day."-Vashlington Star.
"I asE that Hoyt is going to have his new
play vaccinated." "What for"' "To see
e whether it will take or not. "-Truth.
e
SW. L D uT.A
l. CO IUDW OlA
W. FL.D l rn$3 uugs
I , 34p POLC[E.3C wam
Allour shoes ar equally satsfar l r.
Ovev One Millo People wear the
W. L. Douglas $3 & $4 Shoes
All our shoes are equally satisfactory.
They give the best value for the mome.
Theirr u rl custom shoes In style end lit.
Their earing qulities re.
The prices are uniform.--stamped on sole.
From S. to 3 saved over other make.
if your dealer cannot supply you we can.
t JcLSt'A AN THE VtOItLD.
theapnlss this prepa
ration s Ir unlr a\o4
THE RISING SUN
STOVE POLISH in
SPakes for general
bT bacing of a stove.
THP. SUN PASTEr
POLIL H for aqtuick
b Lfter- dinner shine,
aI mn pplied and pol
ished with a cloth.
Morse Bros., Props.. Canton. Inss.. U.S.A.
LEWIS' 98 * LYE
FPOWDEXID AND) PZIUND.
The stroegest ano purest Lye
ando. Unlike other Lve. tbeing
a li ne powder and plicged i n a can
with removable lid, the contentl
are alwaays ready for use. Wil
mate the beat perfumed Hard
Soap In 20 minutes witAouD boll
naq. I I thle best for cleansing
waste pipes. disinfecting sinks.,
closets, washing bottles, Paints
trees etc. PENINA.AIT NI'P' CO
A. .t. K.Ut" PIIILA. P1L.
RTI T ll lver Tea Sets. Lantl
1s t1 r 1 r y hen In aerhnt o tohr
1 FR E o ACel ia. sne
e r lc te OBr s
Ely's Cream Balm
COLD IN HEADII 
I Proie 80 Cents.
_ApplyBalmInto eren nostril.
I ELY 8 to. 1 60 Warren BL.N.Y . N E-E F l
STA N)AR tD OOI)H OnDly.
v   ! e Trade Bi Pend forwholealloprlce
REPAIRS. a/lt.BIst.toLCEM'a ' CO..
NA5u Tate VAPZMew.av.·.e .,.
When in Memphis iavyoso Hotel
STOP AT _H
5t.60 WILL ItECUIKE THIEE PIRST
CLAS M]EAL S and a 00041) Ree.
in thee Sold d
A. N. It., F 1646
''IFeN WRITIO TOll TO AIvETIaeRe PLESIS
.ata that sea saw the Advmyt·l·ssem to his
4 war.