{ Se Spring
' ma. = oPle are troubled with dizziness. dull
m unplneasant taste in the morning, and
he tired feeling." 1imples. boils ad
thier manifestations of impure blood also
app ar, annoying and depressing.
ýroj& l suerrs we earnestly urge a trial
of Hoods SarseparillA. No preparation
ever reoelvedanch unanimous praise for its
suceess as a SprAng iedialme. It cures
scrofula. malt rhemn and every other evl
deuce of impure blood. It overcomes that
Sifred feeling' and all other debility.
U'.,
.e* Gee. A. I2obss
Coloma. Wis.L
"A few years ago my health failed me, and I
consulted several physicians. Not one could
clearly diagnose my case and their medicine
tdlled to give reliet After much persuasion I
commenced to take Hood's BSarsaparilla. Have
taken several bottles and am much improved.
From an all run duwn condition I have been re
stored to good health. Formerly I weighed
Hood's Cures
135 pounas, now I balance the scales at 176
ds. Hood'sSarsaparila has been a great
to me, and I have recommended it to
friends, who realize good results by its use."
Gro. WI. TwisT, Coloma, Waushara Co., Wis.
Nood'sý PtiI1 core liver ills, sick bead
ache aundice, inigestion. Try a box. 35c.
0 10
B ICLIOUSNES DT8PEPSIA ,
Sl0K HEADAICHE, WEAK( STOMACH,
DISORDERS OF THIE VIVER
1ýýPETION ýSh ~ ý
LIVERdBrli' PILL S.o ay m ~
hare tqur a Gmo.a n
SOLD ALLOUSNESS, DSPEPSIAs.
SICK HEADACHE, WEAK STOMACH,
DISORDERS & CO., ProprietoRs
TESTIML OlNY.
I have used Brodie's Pills for matany years n
any family and have found. them invaluable in
oughtall cases, nd as a Liver Pito do nt think they
have an eqglow Gao. H. WILEY.
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCUSTS.
I.. L. LYONS & CO., Proprietors,
1ýqaw cslrianzn. Z
Pefc Babj Health
mean glow
ing health
throughout
childhood,
and robust
health in the
years to
come. When we see in children
tendencies to weakness, we know
they are nmissing the life of food
taken. This loss is overcome by
Scott's Emulsion
of Cod Liver Oil, with Hypophos
phites, a fat-food that builds up
appetite and produces flesh at a
ratq that appears magicaL
Almost as palatable as milk.
Prenad by Scott Ben.. N. Y. All drsinst..
"German
Syrup
I am a farmer at Edom, Texas. I
have used German Syrup for six
years successfully for Sore Throat,
Coughs, Colds, Hoarseness, Pains in
Chest and Lungs and Spitting-up of
Blood. I have tried many kinds of
Cough Syrups in my time, but let
me say to anyone wanting such a
medicine-German Syrup is the best.
We are subject to so many sudden
changes from cold to hot, damp
weather here, but in families where
German Syrup is used there is little
trouble from colds. John F.Jones.O
WOWDENZ~D AND PEauNINZ
(PATNThED)
Tho etknqest and rest Lye
made. Unlike other Lye, it being
a iane powader and packed Spalcon
with removable lid. the contents
are always ready for use will
inhe the best perfumed Hard
Soap In 50 minutes uoifA~ui beU.
QU ag ti s the best foreleansong
waste pipes, disiofecting sinks,
closets. ivashbns bottler.piainta*
- CASINO·1 l c E IIGUSAWB
wna ____ nw r WORKS.
Machinery and Machiery~ Supplies.
liture sheuld
be *ssist*4 te
threw eiffiUDU*·
heh cdoese it
· dJIPN HAD NVO O)HAwMM8
wilS mldra rlaril prism.
aasetisal4~
amerLan
THE FARMING WORLD.
HAYSTACK PROTECTOR.
Bireetions for Bunlaing a Cheap aend Con
reniet sarraek.
To keep water out of hay stacked out
3f doors nothing is cheaper and better
than a barrack, shingled or straw
thatched, made as follows: Set poles S
feet deep in the ground every 9 feet for
the sides, these sides to be 16 feet apart.
Let the poles be of a uniform height,
14, 15 or 16 feet. If ahorse-fork be em
ployed and the barrack stand in a place
protected from high winds, these side
supports may be 18 or even 20 feet high.
A good pitch should be allowed that the
roof may carry off water and slush rap
idly and let the shingles dry. The farm
hands can build it and no carpenter be
needed, as no mortising nor framing is
necessary. The barrack may be as long
as desired, and another bent or two
may be added to it any time. A 2T6
inch plank is used for a ridge pole and
the rafters mitered and nailed to it as
shown. Each pair is then stayed by a
cross brace nailed just under the ridge.
The poles are joined near the top just
beneath the eaves by a 6-inch plank
and the rafters rest on it, all being
spiked together. If a less expensive
and shorter-lived root be desired, the
rafters need be only 9 feet apart and
spiked to the poles as shown. Then
two 6-inch boards are nailed between
them at right angles to support sheath
ing put on up and down. This is
matched, planed on the upper side and
painted. If the root have a quarter
pitch or more it will last a number of
years. These cross boards between the
rafters to support sheathing are of
course put on edge up for greater
strength. They are not worked in any
way, but simply nailed in place by let
ting the end of one be a little further
up or down on the rafter than the end
of the one to match it. Then both can
be nailed fast through the rafter. This
form of hay protector is preferred to
the roof movable up and down on poles
running through its lower edge, as
water runs down the poles and fre
quently finds its way into the hay.
Farm and Home.
BUCKWHEAT HONEY.
Not as Delicate as Other Kinds. But
Richer by Far.
Many people do not like buckwhaeat
honey. It may not be so white nor so
delicate in flavor as some other kinds,
but nothing surpasses it in richness. It
probably will not wear so well as
clover honey, but, until the appetite be
gins to cloy, it is very satisfying. Ijpt
there is one use for it that all bee
keepers ought to agree is a valuable
one. Thq plant flowers late and yields
an abundance of nectar, from which the
bee can gather a heavy crop. The
white and better selling grades of honey
may be marketed, but this rich dark
honey can be left to winter the bees
upon. They must have something to
eat, and if you do not like buckwheat
honey, they do.
Buckwheat is not extensively grown
by farmers and the beekeeper should
encourage its .growth. If he is a
tarmer he should sow a liberal area to
this grain. if he is not, and many are
not, he can afford to pay something,to
the farmers within a radius of amile
and a half, to sow a fieldaf buckwheat.
lie could afford to pay one or two dol
lars per acre, and it would a good in
vestment to him. Buckwheat will
grow on almost any land, but like
most other crops it grows best on good
land. Its dense and rapid growth
makes it a good weed-killer and the
grain from it finds a ready market at
good prices. The farmer cares for
these matters, but the beekeeper is in
terested especially in the white
blossoms that load the air with fra
grance and that grow an abundance of
homey-making material from the soil
and atmosphere. It is perfectly legiti
mate for him to call the attention of
farmers to the benefits to be derived
from the cultivation -of the grain, but
he should be cautious not to overreach
himself by attempting to appear wholly
disinterested in the subject. Let him
show that the growing of a crop of this
grain will be to the common advantage
of both the farmer and himself, and he
may succeed in accomplishing his pur
pose.-American Agriculturist.
THREE-HORSE HITCH.
As Quickly Put On or Taken OR as an
Ordinary Doubletree.
This three-horse whiffletree I made to
use on my farm wagon, but I find it can
be used as easily on a roller or disc har
row, or on any machine with or with
out a tongue When I useut it first on
the pipe, four years ago, it did not work
just to suit me. anti all the way back
home I studied to find the defect, and
found it. At the end marked S S there
was simply a clevis to hitch the third
horse to, and the block at the other end
raised the center of draft greater than
TIIREE-IHORE HITCH.
the clevis could overcome. So I built
down at this end as far as I had built up
at the other. This kept the vhliffletree
from rolling or straining the hammer
strap on the wagon-tongue. The ham
strap is swung to the right just far
enough to bore a hole through the
hound, in order to prevent any side
draft.
This three-horse hitch is much more
convenient than the one shou-n by MIr.
Terry, as this is as quickly put on or
taken off as an ordinary doubletree.
Do not use the hammer-pin with the
wrench on, but lay it aside and use
p ns with beveId heads, so the double
tree cannot catch. The left hand tug
(or trace) of the middle horse will cross
over the tongue. 'IT two horses are
driven by the check lines with the
wagon-tongue between them; the third
horse is "tied and jockied" to the -'of
horse' or middle one.
Description: A, strong piece of hicko
ry 2!(x5 inches, 43( feet long: a block
Ii, 2)3xx10 inches, is bolted-B 13, bolt
heads sunk---on top of short end; ii 8,
hammer strap: T, tongue; H II. hqpnd;
P i', pin; S 8, stnple-long-thrxglh
214-inch block and on up, with loop be
low the block for the singletree,-W. A.
LHaeder, an Qhio F'armer.
VALUE OF BARLEY.
Whr baperlor to Oats a Cropper, Graet
and Straw.
The government census in 1890 re
ports for my county an average yield
of 28 bushels per acre of barley and 32
of oats. As the legal bushel of the
former is 49 pounds, and of the latter
32 pounds, barley produced 848 pounds
niore grain per acre than oats. Recent
ly, the Tribune says, barley brought 65
cents a bushel and oats 40 cents, and
this is about the average difference. An
acre of barley at this price comes to
018.20; an acre of oats, $12.80. a differ
ence of $5.40 in favor of barley. WVhen
corn fails or is short, as is often the
case, privilege of access to a bin of bar
ley is more to be prized as a fat-pro
ducer than a supply of any other grain
except corn: according to analysis bar
ley is the best-balanced ration for fat
tening of any grain. Barley is a quick
growing, sure crop: corn is not. Bar
ley is not injured by insects and
rust as are other cereals, nor
does smut affect it to the same de
gree; it seems to be an ironclad plant.
Its low growth makes it the best spring
grain with which to seed to grass or
clover. The crop ripens so early that
plenty of time is given to plow for
wheat seeding and permit the soil to
settle to make the desired firm seedbed;
it is observed that wheat almost invari
ably does better after barley than after
oats. The straw of barley is finer,
softer and more valuable for feeding
than other straw. The soil for barley
needs to be in fine tilth; but this is
requisite for best success with all crops.
The ground should be rolled after sow
ing, so that at harvest the rake can bet
ter gather the short stalks. Scientists
claim for barley that, being so well
balanced a ration, more of its nutri
ments are appropriated and assimilated
by animals than those of any other
grain. Oats has been the staple spring
sown crop in large sections since the
country was cleared, and much of the
soil is about "oated out." In such cases,
and where barley will flourish, it should
not require long to decide for a change.
In raising barley one need not consider
himself in any degree responsible for
the bad use sometimes made of it.-Dr.
Galen Wilson, in N. Y. Tribune.
A COVERED ROOST.
It Affords Ample Protection to Fowls
During Cool Nights.
Roup and other diseases are often due
to the drafts on the fowls while they
are on the roost. An arrangement by
which the fowls may be protected at
night is shown in the illustration. A is
a hinged cover, which can be raised or
lowered, as preferred. There is a space
between the lower end of the cover and
the floor (D) which permits not only
plenty of ventilation, but which serves
as an ingress or egress for the fowls
when going on or leaving the roosts.
It is the roost, C the nests, and E shows
the back wall when the cover is raised.
This arrangement does not differ from
0
COVERED ROOST.
that mostly in use except the cover,
which may be easily attached to any
roost. It may be made of cheap boards,
especially of light material, or it may
be made by attaching muslin or tarred
paper to a frame constructed of lath.
The cover should be raised during the
day and fastened to the wall, but at
night, after the hens are on the roost,
it should be lowered to its position. It
will greatly assist in protecting the
fowls and keeping them warm on se
verely cold nights.-Farm and Fireside.
AMONG THE POULTRY.
Tim neglect given the chicks now
cannot be overcome with good care by
and by.
IIEALTHI, comfort, nentness are the
things to be sought when building a
poultry house.
LrrITLE. chicks enjoy fresh water to
drink. (Give them some, even though
you provide milk for them.
IF your fowls have the range of the
farln and have access to fresh water
they will need but little care.
IF you mean to sell spring chickens
sell them in the spring, not in the fall
for eight or ten cents a pound and lose
money on them.
IF you are raising chicks for the eggs
they will lay don't keep the cockrelt
till fall; sell them as soon as large
enough for broilers.
Ir there is any place where ginger
bread tnd fancy work is expensive it
is about a hen-house. Square corners
and straight, plain walls give less hom
ing for vermin and less work in keep
ing clean than does "artistic" display.
The houses may lc neat without and
clean within if they lack some of the
architectural embellishments of a villa.
Cospsnsds snl L.lcc.
There are times when soapsuds are
plentiful, especially on wash-days, and
as it will do no harm in the summer to
drench the poultry-house, and as lice
should be fought from the beginning of
mild weather, no better use can be made
of the cuds than to use them for destroy
ing lice. If you have a sprayer, so much
the better, but if not, you may use a
watering-pot with a rose nozzle. The
soapsuds will be all the better if you
have them very stropg. It is a good
plan to dissolve a pound of concentrated
lye in a tub of suds. Apply the suds hot
if you can, but apply them, at all events,
hot or cold. Do not miss a single square
inch of surfade. Do it on a dry, warm
day. Saturate the floor, walls, roosts
and even the roof, and have it get into
every crack and crevice. Remove the
nest boxes, saturate the boxes, let them
dry and add new material. When the
house is dry, sprinkle every portion with
fine, air-slaked lime. If you will follow
these directions the lice will be easily
kept in check.-Farm and Fireside.
Harrowing Old Meadows.
Old meadows often get turf bound, or
what is worse, grow mossy, from in
tive circulation of air. A good, thor
ough harrowing may destroy some roots,
but it will make what is left grow bet
ter, so that the grass will be thicker
than on meadows not so treated. The
quality of the grasm will also be th
pornwc.
PERSONAL AND LITERARY.
-Mrs. Lovejoy Aldrich, of Seattle,
Washington, is the widow of tweo
soldiers. Her first husband was in the
revolutionary war, and the other in
the war of 1819. She is the only person
known to the pension office who starids
in this position.
-A posthumous work by Cardinal
Manning, being his only contribution
to secular literature,is about to be pub
lished in London. It consists of essays
on "Honor," "Consistency," "Vanity,"
"Popnlarity," "The Fourth Estate,"
"Critics," and like subjects.
-Mr. Henry M. Stanley is busy upon
a series of short stories for early pub
lication. They consist of legends and
folk tales eommunicated to the explorer
by his native followers during his long
and perilous journeys through the great
forests of the Dark Continent.
-M. Ernest Lavisse, the new French
academician, is notable for his histri
onic talent. Indeed it is claimed that
at the Lyceo Charlemagne he was wont
to declaim Cicero's orations with such
dramatic vigor as to check any ten
ddncy to yawning on the part of his
class.
-Mr. George Lizotte and Mrs. Lizotte,
a niece of Justice Harlan, have been on
a wedding tour ever since their mar
riage in June, 1891. They like the life
and say they may continue it as long
as they live. Thus far they have trav
eled 57,000 miles and have visited al
most every town of any size in North
America.
--Mme. de Lesseps, wife of "legrand
Francais," can write equally well in
French and English. She wrote a novel
several years ago and published it
anonymously. She is collecting her
husband's private papers and corre
spondence, and proposes, it is said, to
write a book explaining and defending
his course in regard to P'anama.
-Edison, the wonderful, the man
who can work sixty hours on a stretch,
the greatest inventor of the country,
has interesting ideas about food.
"Variety," he says, "is the secret of
wise eating. The nations that eat the
most kinds of foods are the greatest na
tions," and he said to his wife, just after
they were married: "I wish I might
not eat the same thing twice in a
month."
-Jame Whiteomb Riley told the
Louisville people that he is always
troubled with diffidence when he goes
upon the platform to deliver a lecture.
"I always." says the poet, "have an
ague of a more or less pronounced type
when I face an audience. But I have
grown to be grateful for this, because
I consider it an acknowledgment that a
speaker owes his audience obeisance,
and that he is fearful he will not be
able to fulfill their expectations. I
would rather approach a crowd in this
attitude than to be-too sanguine."
HUMOROUS.
-If the state were as hard a master
to men as money is the world would be
full of treason.-Ram's Horn.
-"Why do you ask me for my auto
graph?" asked the poet, who liked to
hear words of praise. "Because you are
the only one who can write it," said the
applicant. meekly.-Vogue.
-Engulfed.-Lcster-"What- a numr
her of ships foundered on the sea dur
ing the past winter!" Jester-"Yes;
but they won't begin to compare with
the number of schooners that will go
down next summer!"-Truth.
-In Smoking Car.-Drummer (taking
out well-filled cigar case)-"Pardon me,
but have you a match?" Seedy indi
vidual (suggestively) - "Yes - but 1
have no cigar." Drummer-"Then you
won't need the match."-Yankee Blade.
-A professor has made the calcula
tion that, if men were really as big as
they sometimes feel. there would be
room in this island for only two profes
sors, three lawyers, two doctors and a
reporter on a paper. The rest of us
would be crowded into the sea and have
to swim for it.-Tit-lits.
-Why- Hle Succeeded.-"TWho is your
doctor, G(corge?- '*Dr. Smoothman."
"How did you come to have that hare
brained creature?" "Oh. my wife once
asked him if he could tell why she al
ways had cold feet, and he told her
that they were so small that they
couldn't hold blood enough to keep
them warm. She wouldn't have any
other doctor now."-Thufalo News.
-Mary Belle Freely says that the
emblem for the WVorld's fair woman's
building should he an apple, and she
adds: "But for Eve the men would be
to this day, I suppose. idle, naked, sun
burnt loafers like Adam: no better
than the beasts, the serpents and the
insects. But she courageously took the
apple, rescued the world from sloth, in
difference and stupidity, and lifted the
race to a level little lower than the
angels." Good for Mary Belle! Put
the apple right there. and let it be a
beallo-ower.---t. Louis 'oat- Pispatch.
FADS OF THE DAY.
PREBERVED ginger is being fashion
ably handed around with the ice
course.
Tax fashionable dogs in Paris at
present are the big French poodle in
black, brown or white, and the ungain
ly Danish boarhound
A saw notion which might be ap
plied to some of the restaurant menus
for the benefit of customers untutored
in French is to have the dishes num
bered, as well as titled, in an unknown
tongue.
THE latest fad to be indulged in by
the seashore this sunmmer is "pontho
mancy," or fate by footprints. It has
superseded palmistry, and now it will
be possible to tell by the toe joints and
curves whether you are amiable or not,
why you are not happy though mas'
ried, and all the rest.
A FUALL BTOMACH
ought to cause you no discom
fort whatever. If it does,
though-if there's any trouble
after eatina--take Dr. Pierce's
lesnt Pellets. They're a
perfect and convenient vest
pock etremedg One of these
tiny, sgar-coated, anti-bilious
granules at a dose regulates
and corrects the entire system.
Sick or Bilious Headaches, Con
stipation, Indigestion, Bilious
Attacks, and all derangements ofthe liv
er, stomach, and bowels are prevented,
relieved, and permanently cured.
They're the smallest, easiest to take,
chespest, apd best. They're guarstsed
to give satisfaction, or money ta returned.
The preristara ci this md
iias Peeve that hy Uu
offer. -It' 15W0 ear for
1IR~~ ci o atswh which tb
WOWnmew ~ a14~% W U~s0 Sd
Housekeepers
Should Remember.
The Government Chemists, after having analyzed
*all. the principal brands of,.baking powder in the
market, in their reports placed the "Royal" at the
head of the list for strength, purity and wholesome
ness; and thousands of tests all over the country
have further demonstrated the fact that its qualities
are, in every respect, unrivaled.
Avoid all baking powders sold with a gift or prize,
or at a lower price than the Royal, as they invariably
contain alum, lime or sulphuric acid, and render the
food unwholesome.
"Wutr is al that uproar about in there!"
inquired a stranger, trying to force his way
through the crowd in front of the building
"It's a plumber and a paperhanger," replied
a man standing on.thewmndowsill. "They've
done some work for each other and they're
trying to settle."-Indianapolis Journal.
Mounez-"Women are queer creatures."
Yabsley-"What is the matter with you
now!" Mudge-"Why, all the old women I
know insist that I am making a mistake in
remainin single, and all the-young ones
seem to think the otherway."-Indisnapolis
Journal.
How's This!
We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward
for any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured
by Hall's Cartarrh Cure.
F. J. CwBE'E & Co., Props., Toledo, O.
We the undersigned have known F. J.
Cheney for the last 15 years, and believe
him perfectly. honorable in all business
transactions and financially able to carry
out any obligation made by their firm.
Wasr & TauAx. Wholesale Druggists, To
ledo, O. WA.LDoN, KINNAN & MARVx,
Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally,
acting directly upon the blood and mucous
surfaces of the system. Price 75c. per bet
tie. Bold by all Druggists. Testimonials
free.
"A LITTLE change of heir," remarked the
old man as he altered his will, cutting off
ids nephew in favor of his typewriter.
Philadelphia Record.
On Time,
And very early too. That's what any one
should be in treating oneself for inaction of
the kidneys andbladder. The diuretic which
experience indicates as supplying the requi
site stimulation to the organs without excit
ing them, is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
Don't delay; kidney inaction and disease are
not far apart. For fever and ague, dyspepsiaP
constipation, rheumatism and nerve debility,
also, use the Bitters.
Tunas are accidents that are peculiar to
the seasons. The balloonist gets the worst
of it ir the fall.-Binghamton Leader.
Ix every community there are a number
of men whose whole time is not occuipied,
such as teachers, ministers, farmers' sons
and others. To these classes especially we
would say, if you wish to make several hun.
dred dollars during the next few months,
write at once to B. P. Johnson & Co., of
Richmond, Va., and they will shoir you how
to do it.
"TenEn's.L be more money in the second
edition of your book than in the first, of
course," said the publisher. "Then why not
have the second edition first?" asked the
practical poet.-Harper's Bazar.
IT dooes seem a little odd that a good,
"trusty" grocer rarely succeeds.-Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
BSaE housekeepers are so exasperatingly
industrious that they give the dust no time
to settle.-Truth.
JIDE A COCKHORSE.TO
ST. LOUIS OF COURSE,TO GET,
-sorE PURE GLAIRETTE
SOAP PWHICH IS BOSS.
TS MERITS FORCLEANING
AND WASHING THE CLOTHES,
ASSURE IT A WELCOME
EREVER IT GOES.
AIRBAWKS
CLAIRETTE SOAP
IS THE BEST FOR EVERY HOUSEHOLD USE.
ALL GROCERS KEEP IT.
&/ PEL ONLY BY
N.K.FAIRANKST& CO.
T. LOUIS.
Next You BUY a Piece
of CHEWING TOBACCO
WHENHorse Shoe Plug
NO BETTER TOBACCO MADE.
When you're Rubbing
I (over your washboard, in that painful,
old-fashioned way, these are some of
your positions. Just try these
motions, up and down, without the
\ tub. That will prove how hard
t " they are. Then try Pearline's
way of washing.
That will prove how need
/ ,less and absurd they are. With
out the washboard and the
9 I 1. p a I rubbing on it, and without
I l ,I bending over the wash-tub
or bobbing up and down over
it-you save the wear to your clothes and the work for your
back. That's Pearline's way. Directions on every package.
Sen dde and some unscrupulous grocers will telyouths s good as"
Se d or '" the same as Pearline. T' ALSE--Pearline is nevr peddled.
it Back and if yourrocer sends you mething iJ place PT S. N r
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD an uSED aN uvanY KITOHEN.
LanEas can permanently beautify their
complexion with Glenn's sulphur Soap.
Bill's Hair and Whisker Dye, 80 cents.
"How is real estate out your wayt" "0,"
said the moist and weary man, ''its name is
mud at present."-Wasbtington Star.
Blce HEADAcu, chills, loss of appetite and
all nervous trembling sensations quickly
cured by Beecham's Pill., 25 cents a box.
Tun reason a porson sees stars when heis
struck in the head must be because it makes
him sore aloft.-Rochbeater Democrat.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement anid
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in f0c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
oru or otagal
1 d arr me. po -nu
W. L. DOUCLAS
SS SHOE mudPWeP
Do you woarthem? Whmn oaet In need try a pair, they
will giveyou mrocomiert ad service foer the moesy
tan any other umi. Nest In the world.
440
"3.50 $2.0
02.25 $1.70
02.-00
FOR $1.75
W. L Douglas Suos are made l alLthe
Latest Styles.
If you want a fine DRESS SHOE don't pay $6 to $4
try my $3.50, $4 or $5 Shoe. They will lit equal to cus
tom made and look and woear aswell. If you wish to
economize in your footwear, you can do so by purchasing
W. L. Douglas Shoes. My name and price is stamped
on the bottom, look for It when you buy. Take no sub
stitute. I send shoes by mall upon receipt of prices
postage free, when shoe Dealers cannot supply you.
W. L. DOUGLAS. lreoLton. Massee.
THE TRANSLATION. OF
A SAVAGE,
A Complete Illustrated Novelr, by
GILBERT PARKER,
Author of
"The Chief Factor." " Pierre and his People." etc.,
is contained in
IDD1lunGOtt's MaKalln6
for JUNE (published May so). also.
AMATEUR ROWING. Athletic Series. (Illustrated.)
By JOHN F. HUNEKER.
THE PHILOSOPHERS. A Story. (IIIustrated.)
The Fourth of I.ippincott's Notable Stories.) By
GERALDINE BONNER.
HOW MEN WRITE. (Portraits.) By FRANK A.
BURR.
THEPOREIGN CORRESPONDENT. (Journallstic
. Series.) By THEODORE STANTON.
Ai4 ACTOR'S ART. Ed. S. Willard. By ALFRED
STODDART.
MEN OF THE DAY. By M. CROFTON.
Also poems.essays, stories.etc..by favorite authors.
LIPPINCOTT'S or'i"'"nated the complete story
feature, and, w~ith its varied',
and Interesting miscellany. is one of the monst attract
ive Magazines now pubishlcd. Ior saleby all new
and rook dealers. Single number. us cents; pet
annum. S3.o.
LIPPIhCOTT'S MAGAZI\E, Philadelphia.
MASON & HAMLIN
Don't be humbugged Into buying inferior or1an5
wiharefoo g
thecno- E ORGANS try They
ffareyutca- pea, h 1
the Intertor, or musical portlon-the chief thing in
any musical Inetrument- i unctentifically and
poorly made. In quality of tone sod durabtilty thej
don't eoimpptra with Mtason its Ilamlin ORGOANS
yet the latter are hot little higher in price. Thai
"best batis the choapest" Ia true of organs and
pianos if anywhere.
rho Mason Itamlin PAsao, constructed on our
improved h - and potent
edde hoofP IA IN O S " @ etrn.mi
perts to be 'the great
est improvement in pianos of the century " Send
for lluatated CATALOOUkN, sent free to any ad
dress. Where no denler is representing mr trinstr.
MASON & HAMLIN ORGAN AND PIANO CO.,
Tremont St., Boston i Fifth Ave., New York t Wabash
Ave., Chicago1 Walnut St., Kansas City.
Unlike the Dutch Process
No Alkalies
tlther Chemicals
are used in the
l reparation of
AW. BAKER & CO.'S
reakfastCocoa
SR r e 'h itA is 'absoluetl y
poare ansod aofubte.
l It hns mor than threetimese
with Starch. Arrowroot or
Sugar, and is far more eco
nomical costing ls than, one cent a cp.
It Is delicious, nourishing, and aaMupE
DIGESTED. ______
old by Grocers everywhere.
W. BAKER & CO.. Dorchester. Kass.
397 SECOND STREET, - - EEEPDIS, TENT.
JUSTPUBLISHED
TE t e Op TeE UITED soTT.
ARoPle CAtalog., I Ife er at Msaa
orermanS Bosbongwhece Amp nrt lls m.ade
int.00 ta. can .0 b rora sfat..
ore..Cos 51 00 n ompl Cntain Ine 3.00
ia~waa~rs. eede by every hon or.SD O
lA.ULN. ., F* 144WAT8S Adrs
ARSaTE w£ COe asAet Laowp.r.s tOhal
PNm3** 5 rse esw ptaa ..,ene a neu.
mmmm ibm 155co·, rshinl55n aIL
Bola r OrrerNenselag.e
O.V V. Slo.hI. Ill. rsr l~r
NEEDLES fn6
StamP-~ upla. Immen~j~tise. 3airyaue. Otnlygood
005.cr iesatd. B at..Weiht. Ssielsuaparleld
JPOIT'i~~ PUMP~SHE
WANTEmitaas~ saio~eato are. Co. mawrexeI?.I
1 rrT5.Oaslte ganrfn bh e madAnee month
In~ ~~~t Us .8·CI i ~~Le. adlrr Cheamp'est.
A. de N. IC.,hnsr P.I 1448
WUSN WUI~?C9ETINOl~ TOAVRTSZg 5.*3
- ur l S - theh £4?w~eqq
IljpU bcr a