LRAFAY GA. ZETA. R i
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, L-A, SAT DAY, MAY 26, 1894. 1 NUMBER 12.
NUMA BROUSSARD,
Cabinet Maker and
Furniture Repairer
ALL KINDS.
Turning of Banisters, Scroll Banisters,
Fancy and Plain Mantels, Fancy Glass
Doors if all kinde, Brackets, etc.
LAWAYETTTE, LA.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WEEELWRIGHT iL.SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Bank Unilding.
FRED MOUTON, Froprietor:
Lowest- prices, consaitent with work
done. All work prppattende4 to.;
-atisfaction guaran €.
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E. G. VOOR IiES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AN9
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Larnayte, La.
H. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
- and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
- ~O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.Attoarne s pit I _.iw,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
E. PRIOLLAUD,
Watchmdker
and Jeweler
--AI) EAI.ER I\IlN
ich Jewelry, Watches, Diamonds, Eto
C!o.g's Building, Courthouse Square,
LAFAYETTE, - - - LA.
ALBERT de la HOUSSAYE,
BAK ER
ANTSBN~--
.. n ctioner,
Vermillion Stre4, AFAYETTE, LA.
RAIIIROAD BARtIER i 0.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
TIHE "OLI) RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
H. L. FIONNIER,
-Dealer in
General
Flerchandise.
FRESH GROCERIES ALWAYS ON HAND
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
FEED Stable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
rMst-class rigs t reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required.
LAFAYETTE, LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Miary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
OPELOUSAS, LA.
-AND-
Sale Stable
E. COISTANTIN, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. I UHiART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years,
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his new and successful tro;eat
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatnent affording a cure in
Consumption, in the first and second
period if they follow exactly the treat
ment and relief in the third period.
SDeafness-and chronic diseases~ in gen
eral a spe6alty. -
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Publio
- AND
Justice of the Peace.
• Careful and prompt attention given to
thb colle.tton of bills, accountas notes or
drafts Sale and purchase of lands at
tended to. . . -19
G. H. MOUTON,
-.A.ttornxtey at I ,aw,
St. -lartvUle., La
WHEN MEMONRY IES.
'Forget" thee, mothoer? What? forget
'The eyes that gazed first into mine?
That w-atched me, when my life was young,
With watchfulness almost divine?
"Forget"' thee? What? forget the lip
That to mine own so oft w pressed?
Thart moved for me in manlyor
-Wg~lo sweet I slumbered ey breast?
"Forget" thee, mother! Wha forget
The tender pathos of that vo
That made, as never other could,:
My tears depart, and soul rejoice?
"Forgot" thee? Yes. I shall forget
Thy face, thy voice, thy lips, thy eyest
But not till death's unsparing band
Upon me falls, and memory dies!
-James Tlowe, in Good Houseteeplng~
ELEANOR'S TRIUMPH.
A Profitable Leafih for Many
Young Gra tteeu.
"A carriage, rajdPt" 6 ppers,
pearl-colored klidloves albr.a4r etL*
bow, a fan and a bouquet--I must have
all those, mother, if I am to be gradu
ated with the other girls The gown
won't be such a dreadful expense, for
my last summer's cashmere can be made
over, if I can get a few yards of surah,
and Aunt Millio's old point will come
in splendidly for trimming. nut," and
pretty Eleanor heaved a deep sigh, "I
.must have a sash, an elegant one, of
"broad white moire; fifty dollars would
abqut cover the whole expense, moth
er."
1o~tther lifted a tired face from her
sewing. Eleanor was too self-absorbed
to notice it, but mother was looking ill
as well as tired. She had been under
a great strain lately, and this dear
young daughter was low bringing her
weight to add to the burden. low
blind a girl's.eyes can sometimes be!
"Mother," said Eleanor, pleadingly,
"you will manage it somehow, won't
you, dear?"
All through her eighteen years Elea
nor had been used to seeing 'mother
contrive to bring order out of con
fusion, straighten tangled skeins, per
form what looked almost impossible.
That there might be a limit to mother's
ability in this direction, the girl did
not dream.
"I asked father last evening if he
would fill my order for any reasonable
amount," Eleanor proceeded, "and he
laughed and told me to go to you,
mother. lie said: 'Of course I want
my little girl to look as nice as tihe
others, after she has worked so hard.'
And, mother, you know in the autumn
l'll be sure to have a position myself,
and money will be coining in then
vcery mouth, so that I can pay you
back."
Still mother was w ent. An inscru
table expression, h. ning and aging
the quiet face, had stolen over it at the
alluion to father, the easy-going.
anmiable, impecunious ma:', wvllorl
everybody loved, and~whlosc children,
thaultks to his wife's tact, did not sus
poet his weakness. lie always left it
to mother to say no. She must always
I d. the denying and reproving.
'A contlict was going on in the mother's
,d!i ,, e'-ch a conflict as only mothers
sim ilarly.~ituated can understand. To
deny Eleanor, at the culmination of her
school career, the pretty dress and the
other luxurious indulgences which her
class were to have, was inexpressibly
painful. B:ut never had it been so difli
cult to gratify her, for never had need
ful wants so heaped themselves up.
And the load of debt in the background
had never pressed so heavily. Mr. IIyl
ton's business was a fluctuating one at
best; returns were slow and often every
cont was anticipated before it came.
There was the interest on the loan a
rich cousin had made, there was the
fire insurance to be renewed, the boys
were too large to wear home-made
clotltcs, evolved from east-off suits of
their father's, and they had to be fitted
out anew. And now, when mother was
harassed half to death, to have Eleanor
so sweetly and naively present her pe
tition of wants, it was more than the
poor wearied woman could endure.
She almost gasped for breath as
Eleanor went serenely on.
"A carriage, a fan, white satin shoes,
long, pearl-colored gloves, a' bouquetl!"
The items ticked themselves off in the
mother's mind, as she desperately won
tdered how they n~re to be gotten hon
estly. They seemed such must-haves
to the child that it did not occur to her
tog ay no at once. For a little while
there was silence, and "Please,
mother!" began Eleanor again.
3ut she went no further, for a very
alarming thing took place; mother had
quietly fainted away. Nothing more
could be said on the subject that day.
"Eleanor IHylton," exclaimed Puss,
her younger sister, as that evening.
late, the two were treparing for bed,
"Idon't know whether you have no
ticed it, but mother is just dying by
inches of worry over money. WVe all
go to her; and she wears herself out
trying to satisfy our demands, wretches
that we are. Common sense, to say
nothing of love, shows that we must
stop spending, if .S are to keep our
mother. Father doesn't see it, but I
do. Are nobody eise's eyes to be opened
in time?"
"Hlow is it *at you know so much
more than the rest of us, Puss?" quer
led Eleanor ironically.
Puss LIylton wvas fifteen, and a crip
ple. She had stayed at home for the
last year, studying by herself with a Lit
tile help from Eleanor, and sharing
more of her mother's life than the oth
ers. Bit by bit she had penetrated the
secret of the pinching economy in some
details, offset by the lavishness in oth
ers. Little by little it had egmo homo
to her that things could not go on at
their present pace.
"Eleanor." she said, "there is nobody
else to whom we can go for a loan, and
the butcher looks cross when he sends
in his bill. Dan goes around three
squares, sooner than pass the grocer's,
ho's so asl-amed that we owe for the
last barrel of flour. And now your
graduation is coming to finish the worlr.
If 1 wero Von, dear, I would wear my
old gown just as it is, and my old shoes,
and walk to school; but I'd get my
diplomt, and take It with independ
asno. gat feqrlPgk IlP a hbnm asnd a
cruel, cruel girl into the,' barg in.
There!" " t
"Don't say any more, Puss; I'll4,hink
about it."
And Eleanor, with a pale face and a
quivering lip, took up her Everydai
Text Book, to read, through a mist of
gathering tears, this verse, which
seemed to speak to her with an angel's
voice: "A good name is rather to be
chosen than great riches, and loving
favor rather than silver and gold."
The color came into Eleanor's check,
for the thought in her heart had been:
"Oh! why are we not rich? Why must
we always be poor, and kept down by
having to count every penny?" Here
was God's answer: V'A good name
better than riches."
WVell, nobody could have a good name
who built up her daily life on false pre
tences as a foundation, and lovingfavor
would not lead a g'l1 to add a feather's
weight of care to tHE load of an hnxiou
mother. JI,. begi
a ol 'dlly and ' fnd
oit a inty, pretty new outfit as you,
Caroline and Sophy, you may imagine
that Eleanor's battle was r.ot gained in
a breath.
She lay awake a long time, the silent
tears stealing down her cheek until her
pillow was quite wet. But she was so
still that Puss slept peacefully, never
suspecting Eleanor's tumult of feeling.
Eleanor went to school the ,eext
morning with her mind made up, and
she was not one to change it, once she
had arrived at a decision. At recess,
when the girls talked over the mo
mentous affairs of commencement day
and commencement dress, several of
them appealed to her. What was their
surprise when she said, in low tones,
which yet were audible to everybody:
"You will have to put me in the back
row, girls. I find that it is not con
venient for my father and mother to
spend anything extraordinary at pres
ent, so I am going to wear my last sum
Iner's white dress, just as it is, and I
shall have nothing at all new."
Contrary to Eleanor's anticipations,
this statement produced no effect what
ever. Two or three of the more fash
ionable girls looked annoyed, and one
or two of Eleanor's intimate friends
glanced at her with sympathy. Daisy
Dean stole a little hand into hers with
a cordial clasp, whispering: "'You
brave thing! I love you!"
The bell sounded, and recess was
over. ''asks were taken up as usual.
Eleanor did not know it, but her quiet
courage had been a real relief to
several timid girls, who had been
dreading the expense of commence
ment, without daring to stem what
they .upposed to be public opinion and
tnloe an independent course. If some
bdy will only lead in this world there
are always plent' to f ow.
And Eleanor was repaid for her sac
riflee of personal vanity when she saw
the mother face light up, and felt the
dear arms around her that eve'ing.
"las it been hard for you, dearie?"
said the mother, anxiously.
"it would not have been, mother
iarling, if I hadn't been a selfish crea
ture, who is ashamed of herself for be
ing such a baby," was Eleanor's reply.
"IBut, now that I have settled the'
thing, I shall just go on studying, and
think no more about it."
A few weeks later, at the close of the
commencement exercises, a very ele
gant and distinguished-looking woman,
who had reccntly.returned from abroad,
approached the president of Eleanor'd
college.
"Can you tell me," she inquired, "the
name, and give me some account of, a
young girl who was dressed very sim
ply, and sat modestly in the background,
although she bore off a half dozen
prizes? There was nothing to indicate
'poverty in her very appropriate school
dress, but her face had a look of pur
pose. and I am in search of a girl to
act as visiting governess to my little
daughters."
So from the root of Eleanor's self
denial blossomed the fragrant flower
of her success. Her duties at Mrs.
Armstrong's proved to be very con
genial, while brief hours and frequent
holidays left her much time to devote
to the assistance of the dear ones at
home. In the eyes of the traveled and
cultured woman her simple gown had
been a positive recommendation, an:
it was to it she owed the enthusiastic
testimonial to her scholarship and
worth which the president, having
opportunity, was glad to give.
"A good name is better than riches,
and loving favor rather to be desired
than kilver and gold."-Congrega
tionalist.
COSTLY BURIAL.
Survlvling elics of the Elaborate Funer
als of Past Ages.
The majority of intelligent persons
are more or less indifferent as to_ the
disposal of their bodies after death,
but it may be safely asserted that nog
one would be found to express a wish
that his or her body should be careful
ly preserved in a polished oak or elm
brass-mounted coffin, and in a walled
grave or vault. It is the result partly
of tyrannical custom and partly of
leaving all to the undertaker. The
latter hasJeen shorn of much of his
former profits derived from the sale of
scarves and hat-bands, and the hire of
palls, plumes, feauthers and other trap
pings of woe. The polished coffin and
the brass furniture are the surviving
relies of the "funerals completely fur
nished" of a'past age, and are clung
to with affectionate tenacity by those
whose interest it is to have them con
tinued.
But the undertaker is, after all, what
the public make him. The courage
and persistence of a few individuals
swept away the costly and useless trap
pings of woe; only a very little more
courage is required to substitute chea.p.
er and perishable Soffns for the pro
tcntious upholstery exhibited in the
coffin of the day. If the upper classed
would set the example and make per
ishablc coffins fashionable, it would
soon spread to the worljng classes,
who are still tempted to spend upon a
coffin and a burial money which would
be much more wisely expended in pro
viding additional comforts and even
necessaries for the living.-IoFgrov
Lancet
4 ARMERAND NTER
COTTON ASTER.
.ip9aestons to soutll iia e Ilwmers for Get
thag Out o ?-. ge.
Cotton has been fo .y Vs emphdti-i
ally our "j oney ero ' is, it not
only brhinir mostf ahe calsh. but,
absorbs every dor t t..and often
the little gleaned i other resourceAs
of the farm. It hia; come a rapa
eious and unrelentig ab~ ster, but can
be made a most "'isuservient and a
profitable slave.
It has been conelsparely shown thiat
outside of the cottl% rown and' con
sumed in other cou ies, that is, in
Asia, Africa, South Asierica and %iex
ico, the United Statesif Knnishcs 75 per.
cent. of the cott~s.: of commerce. lIn
other., words, the w't is decend i
on the southern ~ vs' -
fourths of the 01N
used, and..which, adnsnot be pro
duced elsewhere. .From this simple
statement it will be seen what a power
we hold among the nations of the
world, and what a lever to lift ourselves
and our section into "prosperity. But~
without home supplies of food and
forage we lose the immense advantage
which this monopoly gives us. Abun
dant home-raised provisions must be
the fulcrum on which our lever rests.
When our cotton crop is made we can
neitk r eat it nor wear it until it goes
into other hands. llutiftour necessities
in these points are such that we are
obliged to part with' it, we are com
peled to take whatever price the dealer
offers. lienee the crowding of the cot
ton crop to the markets as soon as it is
gathered, though the price be below
the cost of productione~nd the new
year finds us with onlj+the paper re
ceipts to show for our twelve months'
labor.
If a man has plenty of home sup
plies, he can afford to wait. The world
is obliged to have his cotton. During
the civil war, the enforced suspension
of cotton production caused the price
to reach the fabulous figure of $2.85 per
pound.
Knowing these facts, if the farmer
generally are fortified with ample rooI
visions for family and stock, they can
quietly await a remunerative price for
their cotton. It will not do for a man
here and there to adopt this policy; it
must be universal, and when our barns
and cribs and lmnolcehouses are full,
we can afford to look calm'ly on while
the dealer endeavors to secure our cot
ton at less than it cost us to produce it.
Is not this the situation in a nutshell?
Does it not comprehend reduction of
the acreage, lessening of the cost of
production, the prosperity .fiotr agii
culture, tile very existence of our'state
and section as a healthy part of the
body politic? What more powelrul
appeal can be made to the interests,
the common sense, the patriotism of
our southern farmers? And the de
cision rests with them. Unlike the
agriculturists of many other nations,
there is no power which can dictate
their course; they must decide whether
they will still further risk the bondage
of a large cotton crop, and possible,
nnay, probable, debt, or less cotton, am
plc provisions and certain indepen
dence.
These thoughts are suggested and
emphasized by the fact that the final
decision must now be reached as to
what portion of our crops shall be
planted in cotton. In deciding this
question, let us remember that it is not
the number of bales, but the profit on
those bales which most nearly concerns
our welfare. Let us also keep in min d
that with the same labor we can, by
judicious selection of land and manur
ing, nearly double thl yield, while
all other expenses, except pick
ing and ginning, remain about
the same. Remember, too, that
the better the land, the more ma
.nure it will bear. Hence it follows
that we can, in a measure, substitute
fertilization for labor. We can manure
good lande vith less risk, and by ein
ployinr. as far as possible, improved
and labor-saving implements, render
ourselves, in part at least, independent
of that most-uncertain factor in the
farm problem. Again let it be repent
ed, don't waste labor and manure on
land. Where there is so much to choose
from we can concentrate both on the
best spots, and leave the rest either to
be reclaimed by judicious treatment or
by kindly morner nature.-Southern
Cultivator.
THE SOUTHERN DAIRY.
Devons the Bletter Stock for the Southern
Farner.
In what follows, reference is had to
the wants of the average southerncot
ton, tobacco, rice and general farmer,
and not to breeders and dairnen, who
do not constitute 1 per celt. of our
farming population. I speak to those
who want good milk to drink, good
bltter and cheese, working oxen, and
eventually as the proper end of all cat
tie, good fat beef. Combined with
these qualities, where so little is known
about live stock, as is generally the
case in the south, hardiness, health
and ease of keeping are indis
pensable requisites. I think no
man acquainted with the differ
ent breeds of cattle and the condi
tions and necessities of the south,
would say other than that the )evons
are pre-eminently the breed that fills
all these conditions best. This, not
withstanding all the science and all
the practice and all the sneers of all
the specialists, and their literature
against that so-called monstrous im
possibility, "the general purpose cow."
That much discussed and abused an
imal may have no place in northern
farm economy, but she is the new key
stone of southern agriculture, if that
shaky arch is to regain its old stabil
ity.
That the Jersey is the best breed
from which to make butter exclusive
ly, in the hands of skilled dairymen in
the north, seems to be proven. This
may be true for the south, but it
is not proven. That question I
am not discussing. The farmer who
wants a few good, hardy cattle which
will thrive with but little attention,
and will cost a reasopabl seam to start
with. doea" not want the Jersa ;but
thd-Devons. - A family who wants uilk
to drink, will find the Jeraey conthihb
too much fat. The. dqtors in thi
north often forbid it. For some reasons
Je'rvey calves are far more lik tm
scourr than those of other bidi
which is best cured by taking, tih
calf away from its own mother and
putting it with the cow of some qiheir
breed.
As to Devo r, we are selling=
all we can k ý~kpd 1 thirty cents
per pound,  obtained in
a city full o no rs.
If thie ,e. no ant working
oxen ~ii ors wiltind in this, as
well 4 in . whjch, is the proper
finish of th t's life, the Devoas
rns i toriously better
I.hav w t1 heard of a remark
lec t Jerseys
dairy
purposes. ue aa animal should have
the Vigor and size and wrestling qui
ties, to some extent, of the Devons,.
give richer milk. My contention.a:
that Devon blood, at least one-haW, is
the surest basis for the southern farm
er's family cow, and it is the result of
a large experience in bkeediag.
We have proven here in southwest
Georgia that the Devon is as hardy as
the native. WVhoever will try the ex
periment will, I believe, find that,
with such trea:tment as the average
milch cow gets in this region, the
Devon will produce as much butter as
the Jersey, and keep in far better con
d ition.
For the benefit of the uninitiated, I
may say that three-fourths of the cattle
in the far south never taste other food
than native pastures, winter and
summer. Those that are fed for
milk get usually nothing more
than a few cotton seed and corn
shucks. On this insufficient feed of in
ferior quality, they will give from a
pint to a quart or two of milk, abovy
what the half-starved calf needs. Thi
is no overdrawn picture for the aver
age farmer, white and black, in the
winter. These views are not theories.
nor based on second-hand information.
The writer has owned Jerseys, Ayr
@hires and many Holsteins, and has
had considerable experience and ob
servation of cattle, both in the north,
south and in Europe.-Cor. Dixie
Farmer.
Clear the Fence Rows.
Mlany farms have pelts of young
trees and bushes from ten to fifteen
feet wide along the road and line
fences. They form a. ticket which en
croaches yearly upon the fields they
border. It seems strange that any
farmer should allow such a condition
of things to exist, but ndany do from
sheer carlessness. Sometime they
mean to cut the bushes, but the workl
is put off from time to time because
other work seems more important.
Such thickets about fields forn lurk
inv" places for animals and foul weeds,
from which much damage can be ex
pected to growing crops, to say noth
ing of the amount of soil given up to
them. There is not only great waste.
fulness in such farming, but it gives a
farm an untidy, slovenly look which
ought to be avoided.lomue and Farm.
Swroot 'Potlatoes.
Slips may be set out for early pots.1
toes, but the main crop is best planted
in TMay and June. The land should be
broken and worked fine before plant
ing. Farmyard manure has been found
best for. potatoes, but if commercial
fertilizers are used, those in which
phosphoric acid and potash predomi
nate, produce best results. Though
some growers prefer the old practice of
high hills, it is generally believed that
flat culture is most profitable. The
possibilities and capabilities of the po
tato have not yet been fully demon.
strated.--D;xie Farmer.
HERE AND THERE.
-The signs of reserve strength ir
the farming community forms the rea
basis of hope in better industrial con.
ditions in the near future.
-It is best to sit a hen at night, es
pecially if the position of the nest is tc
be changed. They will be more apt te
stick to the nests afterward.
-So many persons wanting to start
with pure-bred poultry will write tc
breeders for parts of sittings of three
or four breeds. This is a grave mnistake.
If you want pure-bred stock start with
only one breed.
--The Lexington (Ky.) Leader re
porter, after a talk with farmers, says:
"'It is needless to say that the early
fruit is gone. The tobacco beds are
nearly totally destroyed, even under
canvas. Tl'he only resort left to the
farmers now is the plan of forcing
crops."
-Farmers l1vinmr in sections troubled
by hawks should prepare screens about
thle chicken range as places of refuge.
Small piles of brush are excellent for
the purpose. Single branches can be
founcd almost anywhere in the woods
thick and stocky enough for the pur.
pose. A few of these conveniently ar
ranged will be found a great proteo
tion.
--The strawberry growers of Louis
inta have adopted a new method of
doing away with commission men, who
they say have heretofore got away with
the profits that should accrue to the
producer. This season they propose to
sell at auction from the cars, at all the
great markets to which they ship.
-If a farmer can grow one hundred
bushels of corn on an acre instead of
fifty bushels he will make more.than
twice the profit, although his yield is
only doubled, for the reason that he
will have less land to plow, and the
first cost of production will be less.
The greater the yield of crop the
smaller the cost proportion. tely.
-Run-down farms are nor much
soughlt, and can be had fora smallsuEin
compared with better land and build
ings, yet it will not cost a progressive
farmer as much to bring up a piece of
worn-out land as it will to pay the dit
ference in p Ilee between a good fats .
and a poor one. In the one case hle
must have cash, while in the ,,ther he
grrsd~.ally applier his labor to the' fa.rm.
BUSIEST STREET IN THE WORLD.
*emaide. Lon-g.e Short Tlprolughfar*
With Oddly-NamedlTributarles.
ICheapside is the husiest street in the
It is no g; it is not beauti-t
i;e the' rt of the fashiona
O tt "-`' a business thorou ghfar
.tobo first to last, and it has ne. his
crammed into its short stretch
other, great thoroughfares have
1:heflbr mbined long ones. Cheap
l pq not being at the side of qanything
present era, but at the heart of
being in the heart of Lon
ht ;"ihvery important place in
civic It 'is what they call- "an
artery of traffic," asphalted Into the
bargain, 'and affording ingress and-exit
as between the city and the regions
we t lf it has a quarter of a mile to
=- h it has as much as it can legiti
nl~1,ri i, and ev that includes a
J.44~ t 4 iti end called
the "Poultry," a title h ich signifies a
local purpose in the picturesque past.
C(heapside has at one endlhe Poultry,
-blt this need not be counted as a sepa
rate entity. And at the Poultry end is
the Mansion House, where the lord
mayor lives in gold-lace state. Cheap
side bumps into Threadneedle street up
to the steps of the Royal exchange
and against the walls of the Bank of
England-instituticps which are both
useful and ornamental. At the other
end of Cheapside there is a statue of
Sir Robert Peel. But half the people
who pass there every day do not know
whose statue it is. Shops, shops,
shops, insurance companies, great mer
cantile houses, restaurants, a cliureh
Dick Whittington's, that is to say,
Bow church, where the bells
still tingle-these are the station
.ary ingredients of Cheapside. Onlni
buses, human beings, cabs and carriers'
vans are the movable ones. Cheapside
is like the channel of a tidal river; at
one time of the day the current sets in
one direction and at another time it
ebbs to the opposite course.
The street has many funny little
tribntries, with funny little names.
Broad street, Friday street, Ironmon
ger lane and the Old .lewry being
some of thej narrow passages where,
in days mor'primitive than our own,
neighbors leaned out of the windows
and shook hands across the street.
while from the pavement they could
scarcely have seen the sky, so closely
did the overhanging stories approach
to the roofs thereof. linut there are no
dwellings in Cheapside now, nor in the
adjacent tributaries. The buildings
are all for business purposes only; tile
old vogue of overhang has been
long dispensed with, and a sprightly
modern air is worn by the com
mercial architecture. One kind of
commodity Cheapside has in more
abundance than any other place on
the whirling footstool-jewelry. It
may not be the most sumptuous jewcl
ry ever made, it may not compare
with the golden filigree work of Za
mara, but it is jewelry, nevertheless.
and of a good sort for the moderate
classes. And there is so much of it
that it overflows the contracted em
peoriums and flows in cascades and
Niagaras of watchchains, neckla;cs,
fantastic guards behind the plate-glass
winlows. It seems to be a trick of
Cheapside's shops to display all their
treasures to the preoccupied eyes of
those who here march in legends along
the pavement. They pour their wares
into their windows with reckless pro
fusion. Cheapside should enchant
those western gentlemen who believe
that silver is to be the savior of na
tions. For the jewelry of Cheap
side is mainly silver jewelry,
and the radiance of the win
dows is the white radiance
which tarnishes with such hapless re
sult in the London fog. They had a
pleasant way, five or six centuries ago,
of observing public festivals by open
ing wine in the streets. When a son
was born to King Edward IT. wir.e ran
in Cheapside, and there was nothing
else to drink. Tuns of it -.'ere dis
tributed and all the passers-b2; were
hailed to come and help themselves.
Those cheerful practices could not be
attempted in these prosaic tines. Is it
that our human nature has progressed
so far that it can not safely indulge
itself in this style of holiday? If you
opened a tun of wine in Clheapside
nowvadays you would have to call the
military within half an hour after re
moving the bung.
Cheapside is best seen between eight
and ten in the morning or between
five and seven in the afternoon; either
when everybody is coming to or going
from his occupation. But all (lay long
the street is crowded from end-to end,
so crowded that you can not any
where cross it in safety except at the
points w.vhere constables are stationed
to regulate the traffic.--Boston Herald.
Value of Twin Scw·ws.
The great value of twin screws.
apart from the jncreased speed vwhich
they give, was shown in the case of
the steamship Paris, belonging to
the American Navigation Co. Al
though tile rudder of the Paris was
broken, she remained under control
and, by the use of her twin screws.
was turned about and returned to
port. Such accidents are relatively
rare, but when they occur it is usually
in rough weather, when steering gear
is most needed. The ships with twin
screws have in effect a duplicate rud
der, and are thereby rendered that
much safer.-Philadelphia Ledger.
-Althopgh one hears so much of
young French poets nowadays, in real
ity there do not appear to be any. i.
Camille Doncet, the perpetual secre
tary of the Academy of Sciences, has
had to make the mortifying announce
ment that no poem worthy of the
name was sent in on "Africa Opened
Up," which was the subject selected
for this year's competition for the grize
for poetry granted by the state. The
prize, therefore, amounting to between
one hiundred and two hundred pounds
will not be awarded.
-Mistress and Maid-'"Did you tell
those ladies that I was not at home?"
"Ycs, ma'am." "And what did they
reply?" "They said, 'Oh, how fort~m.
natTl' "- ao Sqacsiapennsieri
A MALAGASY ANT'S NEST,
the Votry Peculiar to the Great Forest of
Madagascar.
All who have journeyed through
the great forest must have frequently.
noticed large black or dark-brown
balls attached to the higher branches
of trtes, which are called "votry."
They are generally a little larger than
a football, but occasionally attain the
dimensions of a beehive. These are
ants' nests. If you take one down and
examine it (a rather ticklish business),
you will find that it consists of a
Stough substance exactly resembling
I dry cowdung. This, however, is not
to be found in the depths of the for
est, and is, therefore, not the material
of which it is made; it is composed of
3 earth mixed with vegetable fibel. but
so manipulated as to yield a stiff
parchmentlike substance. On the outer
surface a~.~numerous entrances into
the interId "
Nbw, if you can find it in your heart
be so ruthless and cruel, take a
Life and cut a vertical section through
the nest; you will discover that it is
made up of more or less irregular con
I centric galleries, the floors of which
are about as thick as a shilling and
about a quarter of an inch apart.
Each of these floors, or layers, is sup
ported by a number of pillars rising
from the one immediately below it.
NIear the surface of the nest a number
of ants may be seen, but in the center
there is a perfect swarm of them, all
doubtless wonderinl what can have
caused such a terrible catastrophe.
- ut they waste not a moment of time
in idle speculation. See! they are all
as bustling and as busy as they can be,'
and their first thought is to save their
helpless young and their guests. For
guests, indeed, they have.
If you carefully examine the ants
you will see one here and there with a
very minute red insect on its back, evi
dently intent, even at the risk of its
t own life, on securing the safety of its
little guest. This insect, placed under
a magnifying lens, turns out to be a
beetle. WVhat purpose it serves in the
economy of the nest I have never been
able to make out. Attached to the
branch or twigs that pass right through
the nest there are little leathery caps,
which contain eggs and small grubs.
Of what are these the larvmr? I know
not. If someone gifted with more than,
ordinary patience could study these
"votry" and the life of their inmates,
the result would, I am sure, prove of
interest.--Cornhill Magazine.
COLOR SENSATIONS.
Curione Effects secured by the 1olas
Spectrum.
The three primary color sensations
are considered to be red, green and
violet. Certain mixtures of violet and
green produce a blue; red and green
also give a yellow. But it is important
to observe that these .agregi~gry color
sensations, and not primary colors,
though the expression "lights of
primary colors" is admissble. For it
is commonly imagined that the blue
and yellow mixed in certain propor
tions produce various kinds of green.
If yellow and blue pigment be mixed
together with water, the green color
produced is not a mixture of blue and
yellow colors. It is the one col
or which is not freely absorbed
either by the yellow or by the blue
pigment. The yellow pigment re
moves the greater part of the blue, in
digo and violet rays; the blue pigment
removes the greater part of the red,
orange, and yellow. Thus the light
that finally escapes is mainly green.
It is curious to notice, too, that the
sunlight passing through glass of one
color is not only of that color. What
is called the ordinary solar spectrum
is produced by allowing a ray of sun
light to enter a narrow slit and pa4s
through one or more prisms. If abit
of red glass be held over the slit 'the
whole length of the spectrum is not red
dened; there is no color in the spectrum
of the glass when that color does not
exist ih the ordinary (rainbow) spec
trumn. If the rd glass be pretty pure,
only red and a little orange are visi
ble in the spectrum; all the rest is cut
away. WVonderful is it also that the
colors seen in natural objects are
chiefly residuals left after internal ab
sorption.
A tulip with green leaves can only
be seen in pure light or in the cor
responding colors of the spectrum. If
it is placed in the red band of the
spectrum the flower shines brilliantly
red, while the leaves shine dull red,
not green. If moved to any other
band of the spectrum the red petals
become black and the green alters
much.--Longman's Magazine.
Rellcs of Early Phlladelphia.
James T. Evidge, of the Quaker city.
has been an indefatiga'ble collector of
relies of Philadelphia's early history,
and his cabinets contain one of the
most curious personal collections to be
seen. lie has a chip from the first mill
stone in the United States, used on
Kitchen street, Vissahickon: a funny
old lamp made in Germantown one
hundred years ago, resembling a com-'
bluned tea kittle and coal scuttle; a
piece of Ffanklin's first lightning-rod;
shilling adrip, printed in 1760by Frank
lin and Hall on Rittenhouse paper; a
portion of the old fence still standing
on tihe battlefield of Germantown,
riddled with br,.lets; part of the Elm
tree that stord on the Chew estate;
rusty cannon balls and bullets picked
up there, and a host of similar in`t
esting mementoes of the colonial and
revolutionary days.-PittsburghChrou
icle-Telegraph.
Remote.
Papa-What are George's prospeet~l
Mabei--His uncle thinks he is pro
L posing to a rich widow.-Pnclk.
S--',Why is Jack such a favorite
Samong the ladies? He is neither ric
nor handsome." "Oh, but he never at
tempts to guess their apes."-Phiai
delphia Record.
--"Do you believe that story :: ' "
I Baitjug caught only half a domen'D
' Mrs. Baitjug-"Yes; he told sew
'I pelf that it wjs only siXtr. C