T'Wea. I had
Z5ýpq get rid of
" buat the m d
4 le aotdcd me
-U. : ool I read
about Hood's Bar.
saparllsla and
bought a bottle.
S 8t1oe then I have
S taken live bottles
and am glad tosay
that the pimples
areallgone.JUood's
Barsparilla has
purifed my blood
and built up my
'system. I gladly
recommend Hood's
o . Sarsaparilla. I feel
al. very thankful for
`; troeved from Hood's Barsa
SI would say that
S.. a
boseholdyll Cures
-.er win-o c .
 ro-erred." A. B. CIIAsT, Box
California.
Sare piurely vegetable, care
best nagrealents. 8 o.
---*
S:. ELREES'
-F CARDUI.
h
STr Fema'e Diseases. 1
FIT ,"FOR AKIN4n e
&KI IA o caLg . S
2MFIMKCarIKma19au tl
3.P POUCE.3SOLrS. .
ann BU.. C
ti
, Dug_ as $3 & $4 shoes
A e shoes are equally satisfactor
Yrslve . the best value or the money.
Tfb r.i csustomn shoes In style and fit.
Fee us tSs$ saved over Other mkes.
If ye.r dealer cannot supply you we ca.
Served
Him
! ' Right
"You can take that soap
right back and change
it for Clairette Soap.
I would not use any
other kind."
Every woman who has
ever used
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
knows itiswithout an equal. Sold everywhere. Madeonly by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, St. Louis.
oughs and Colds,
o"re Throat, Bronchitis, Weak Lungs, General Debility and
Ain forms of Emaciation are speedily cured by
iScott's Emulsion
oCouamptives always find great relief by taking it, and
bmimptioa is often cured. No other nourishment restores
so aquickly and effectively.
Babies and Thin Children
raade strong and robust by Scott's Emulsion when other
of food seem to do them no good whatever.
i only genuine Soott's Emulsion is put up in salwson.
Wper. Refuse cheap substitutes!
.... `:- .lr f'ý: e Sco.. 's EsuIsdo. FREE.
NV.Y AI Druggists. So cents end Si.
IlO tine needs Its aaic.--aLos
Sbirday. .
Oxm cap , worth one hundred hoods
- Italian. -
Lovw and musk soon betray lthem
U selves.-Perslan.
d A onat that spins thinks of her wed
s ding dress.-lnssian.
to PRoprzs in love believe everybody
a else can't see.-Spanish.
d PworPmz in love have bells dangling.
-from their eyes.-Danlsh.
S"BitrT, sister, is he blind!" "So much
the betterl"-Venetian.
S MiAN is never too old to love or com
Smit nonsense.-Finnish.
Love is discovered easier than a&hole
in the stocldng.-Venetian.
A MAN in love doesn't need eyeglasses
for he is blind.-Turkish.
Tun favor of a woman makes a klight
rof a cow-herd.-Gasgognese.
GaErr married makes golden plates
oI f earthen dislhes.-lasque.
lirA is like fire, and woman like
straw; the devil blows in between.
b Tuscan.
"Snour.D I take him? Advise me
well, but don't dissuade me from tak
ing him."-Dutch.
A DISH OF SCIENCE.
TELESCOrPE are now so perfect that
50,000,000 stars are visible.
A BArL.ooN recently sent up in Paris,
equipped with self-registering thee.
mometers and barometers, reaphed an
altitude of ten miles, and the thermom
eter recorded 110 degrees below zero.
TuE temperature of the sun has been
reinvestigated by Le Chatelier in
France and by Gray and Wilson in Eng
land, and is found to be between 12,000
degrees and 14,000 degrees Fahrenheit.
TnAT lizards will catch and eat but
terflies is stated by Jane Frazer in an
article in a London entomological jour
naL In the Samoan islands she saw a
- "skipper" butterfly when lighted caught
and instantly swallowed by a beautiful
golden-green lizard with a bright blue
tail.
Tz: latest determination of the dis
tance of the sun from the earth is from
a discussion by- Dr. Gill of a series of
observations of the asteroid Victoria.
Dr. Gills sr-sult is 02,800,000 miles, a
figure probably very close to the truth,
and agreeing well with the value pre
viously obtained by Prof. Harkneas
from all available data.
Aa Important DJIference.
To make it apparent to thousands, who
think themselves ill, that they are not af
fected with any disease, but that the system
simply needs cleansing, is to bring comfort
home to their hearts, as a costive condition
is easily cured by using Syrup of Figs.
Manufactured by the California Fig Syrup Co
The Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
- KENNEDY'S
...OICAL DISCOVERY.
S~ALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common
pastureweeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor.) He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of 'ts value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing 1
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This Is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
SPOTATOES $2.d
'rit"reIral News" 5,.er' a
oueari eeri a ryield ofa 4 bn.hel. per ere.
Jli" i uAdaAm 114-l I,.Di. Ir rese. Wi.,
A1 AWENA Rola3L&.
.i a Ja .n - Todd, ofrXon RapIdM,
DiSards Her, Orutoheo.
am Iamrview with a Reporter She Srg
views er seperiesee and Tells the
Rest Cealse of she Mirale.
E, -
(Eems the Argus, A.lpme, mi )
g -We have long known Mrs. Jae. M. Todd,
of Long Rapids, Alpena -Co., Minh. She
ch has been a sad cripple. Many of her friends
know the story of her recovery; for the
benefit of those who do 6ot we publish it to
m* day.
Eight years ago she was taken with nerv
ule ons prostration, and in a few months with
muscular and inflammatory rheumatism.
Itaffected her heart, then herhead. Her feet
es became so swollen she could wear nothing
on them; her hands were drawn all out of
ht shape. Her eyes were swollen shut more
than half the time, her knee joints terribly
as swollen and for eighteen months she had
to be held up to be -dressed. One limb be
came entirely helpless, and the skin was so
Sdryand cracked that it would bleed. During
- these eight years she had been treated by a
score of physicians, and has also spent
ne much time at Ann Arbor under best medi
- cal advice. All said her trouble was
brought on by hard-work and that medicine
would not cure, and that rest was the only
thing which would ease her. After going
to live with her daughter she became entire
at ly helpless ain could not even raise her
arms to cover herself at night. The inter
esting part of the story follows in her own
is words:
at "I was urged to try Dr. Williams' Pink
m Pills for Pale People and at last did so. In
n. three days after I commenced taking Pink
Pills I could sit up and dress myself, and
after using them six weeks I went home
and commenced working. I continued
taking the pills, matil now I begin to forget
- my trutches, and can go up and down steps
00 withoutaid. I am truly living wonder,
t. walking out of doors without assistance."
s- "Now if I can say anything to induce
those wi o have suffered as I have, to try
in Pink Pills, I shall glady do so. If other
r- Uke sufferers will Pink Pills according
Sto directions, they will havereason to thank
odi or creating me n who are able to con
nquer that terrible disease, rheumatism. I
Shave in my own neighborhood recommend
Sed Pink Pills for the after effects of
ppe, and weak women with impure
bood, and with good results."
s- Mrs. Todd is very strong in her faith in
a the curative powers of Pink Pills, and says
,~they have brought a poor helpless cripple
back todo her own milking, churning,
L. washing, sewing knittingandin fact about
a all of her household duties, thanks to Dr.
aVillsmin Pink Pills.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain all the
elements necessary to give new life and
Srichess to the blood and restore shattered
nerves. They are for sale by all drugyists
or ma be had by mail from Dr. Williams
Medicne Company, Schenectady, N. Y.,
for rOc. per box, or six boxes for 62.50.
.FOREIGN NOTES.
a A METroD has been devised by which
aluminum may be substituted for
platinum for leading wires in ncandes
o cent lamps.
FlPor. GOroane J. BRaus, of the Shef.
y field scientific school of Yale university,
has just been elected a. foreign member
of the Royal Geological society.
HBRe y MoRLUY's life is to be written
by his son-in-law, Rev. 1. S. Solly, and
will contain two fragments of autobi
ography and many family letters.
T, TLRGoenJA lines, throughout the I
e world aggregate 1,069,123 miles; of these
y America has more than half, 548,82 1i
a miles; Europe, 882,987; Asia, 61,875;1
Australia, 47,819, and Africa, 91,087 1
d mile.
S A curious biographical account of I
SDante, hitherto unnoticed, has been t
Sdiscovered by Paget Toynbee among '
other interpolations in the Venice edi- a
Stion of the "Speculum Maeis of Vincent a
d de BeIauvais" t
"CALENDAL," a grand opera, founded I
s on Fredric Mistral's poem, and composed (
by Henri Marechal, was produced re
r cently with great success at Rouen.
Mistral made the journey from Provence
to attend the first performance. t
PPsnsox.Lry conducted archmological t
excursions are the latest innovations. r
SProf. Dorpfeld, of the German school of i
Athens, is to lead one to Aegina next b
May, thence to the excavations in At- a
tica, to the island of Delos, to Asses to v
view the work of the American explor- n
era, and then by way of nion back to P
Athens
f
INDUSTRIAL AND STATISTICAL. u
Tax harvester invented by Mr. Me- P
Cormick in 1881 has been so improved P
that it is said it will cut and bind an
acre of grain in forty-five minutes.
INCr.LUDv stocks and bonds, the rail
ways of the United States are capital
ized at 600,000 per mile, while those of d
Great Britain are capitalized at 8220,000 r
per mile, or nearly 400 per cent. higher f,
than in this country.
Tax city of Buenos Ayres has the v
largest street-car system, in proportion f,
to its population, of any city in the 1
world. The total number of passengers sl
carried last year was 71,846,564, while
the monthly average was 5,955,54T.
TRa smoke from amelting furnaces
is laden with metals of value, the most t,
notable of which are gold and silver.
At an American suelting works me- al
chanical means are being taken to col- ni
lect the suspended matter from the tl
gases. t
PRoBnLLy the highest price ever a,
asked for a new book is the 600 de- I
manded for the vellum edition of the he
Chaucer in folio, with woodeuts by le
Burne Jones and large ornamental bor- ni
ders by William lonrris, issued by the a
Kelmacott press. cc
IN FOREIGN LANDS.
GOORne OHEEr and Ludovio Halery h
have both completed new novels. The b
former calls his "La Dame of Gris," the
latter's title is "Deux Jeunes FUles."
No FrWR than 100 persons were rs
ported during 1894 in the column of es
death notices in the Lozidon Times as h<
beinge 90 or over. Their aggregate age s
was 18,203 years; 89 were men who b
lived jointly 8,226 years, and 107 were hi
women whose ages amounted to 9,9?? D
years. ve
MOLroas's "Amphitryon" is about o th
beproduced at the Paris Renaissance br
theater, with Coquelin nine as Soeie, pe
his son, Jean Coquelin, as his double, th
Mercure, and Sarah Bernhardt as tii
Alcmene. The play, like "The Comedy eli
of Errors," turns chiefly on the resem- a'
blance between the two men. o
LITTLE PICK-UPS.
Twin French claim that gas-making
was invented by Lebon in 1802, who
made gas by the dry distillation of m
wood. is
Ir Zante, one of the Ionian isle, d
there is a petroleum spring that is men
tioned by Herodotus. It has beenm
known for nearly 8.000 years.
Tunue is a movemlent in North Ad. th
ams, Mass., to made the town a city. mi
WVith a population of 21,000, it claims
to be the largest town In America, witi as
the ewqouto of Watorvolt, N. T,
tatos~ia i advance of planting,w ll not
secure stlatiaftory .esults. Sinee- a
SIlarge quantity of. seed and laborare re
quired o proaduce a crop of potatoes,
much pains should be taken to prepare
the ground and cultivate i# before-and
after the. potatoes have grown, in the
best manner possible.
a+ The potato is a deep-rooted plant,
3 and therefore the ground should be
ye prepared deeply. The tubers are
- formed above the seed. These .two
points should always be kept prom
v. Inently in mind.
th It also loves-a moist, cool soil.. This
n. indicates that conservation of moisture
et and shade should be steured by cul
| ture. The ground should be not only
m thoroughly and deeply plowed, but
lv made fine.
d A most satisfactory way, where the
e- ground is open, is to furrow deeply
so with a double mold-board as seen in
IR the upper part of the figure. Cover the
a potatoes by reversing the furrows, as
t seen in the center of the fgure. After
ne
t the potatoes have started, a scantling
Ds or light piece of timber may be chained
r, crosswise near the front of the harrow
and two rows may be planed down, as
Sshown in the lower part of the figure.
In a few days the potatoes will be up
g and will be entirely free from weeds.
SThis double plowing and fining and
Sdepositing of the clods and stones in
I. the middle of the rows results not only
a in putting the ground in superior con- 1
e dition, but in saving a very large~
n amount of after culture.
s The most satisfactory results that I
e we have ever reached have been by s
Sthis method.-Country Gentleman.
e A NEGLECTED FRUIT.
In Italy the American Pawpaw Is Cuiti
vasted with Nuevo".
One of the most luscious wild fruits
found anywhere in the world grows in
all the southern states and in all those 1
that are immediately north of the Ohio
river. It is also found in some parts
h of Michigan and Iowa. It resembles
r the banana, but is sweeter and more a
juicy. The trees that produce this I
fruit are small, but extremely beauti. a
fuL Their trunks are smooth, thei
branches graceful and their foliage a
r peculiar and attractive. As a lawn
tree it has few superiors. The trees
a are easily raised from seed, grow ral c
I idly, need no cultivation, are pretti c
and productive. So far as reporter n
they are not liabe to disease or the at
a tacks of insects. The fruit is known
a as the pawpaw and is occasionally seen
Sin this-market. Had it been discovered
in China or New Zealand it would have a
7 been brought over to this country and -
much ado made over it. But as it is a 6
f native American product no one seems
z to think it is worthy of cultivation. It
was introduced into Italy a few years
- ago and is regarded as a great acces- C
Ssion to the valuable fruits produced
there. It is extensively cultivated and
is known as the "American fruit."- c
SChicago JournaL
How to Cattivate Egr Plant.
No seed is more difHeult to vegetate H
than the egg plant; it always requires as
i the strongest heat. For early use sow
in a hot-bed early in spring; after sow
ing, give them a good watering and
keep the frame closed until the plants
appear, then admit fresh air in fine m
weather; cover the frame at night with BS
mats to protect against frost; after the
plants attain two or -three inches, they na
should be transplanted into another t
frame three inches apart in order to
make strong plants before it is time for
planting out; it is a very good plan to
put them singly in small flower-pots me
and place them in a frame where they
will become thoroughly established
and ready for setting out as soon as all
cold weather is over, after which they
can be planted from the pots without gr
disturbing the roots; plant them in
rows twenty inches apart and two feet
from row to row; they luxuriate in
rich, loamy soil. The egg plant is a
very important and remunerative crop x
for the market gardener, and especial
ly so for those who grown them for
shipping.-Prairie Farmer.
Sueesas in Plant Growtng.
There is a wonderful amount of
truth in the following statement:
"Some persons have alknack of making
all kinds of plants grow in the most of
unfavorable circumstances. I think
this is partly owing to a magnetic at.
traction existing betweep such persons
and their plants. The plants seem to
know they are loved, that they are jol
household treasures, that every new o
leaf and iflower is as welcome as the
new words and expanding thoughts of
a baby to its mother. Apparently un- m
conscious of this, they do their utmost,
and in places least adapted for success
ful house culture of plants, we often
find stands or individuals equal to the
best greenhouse specimens."
Money in Onion emlslng.
What-a mysterious and exponsive proc
ess onion raising formerly was," and n
how few dared to attempt it! Last
spring a young farmer, residing close
by, who had never raised an onion in k
his life, drilled in ten pounds of Yellow a
Danvers onion seed in two acres, har
vested a good crop this fall, and al
though onions were only forty cents a
bushel netted more than twice as much
per acre from the two acres than from e
the rest of his farm; but le is excep
tionally industrious and perserving, t
else his onion patch would have fallen Cl
avictim to weeds (which were numer. go
eous and flourishing) as many other n'
patches did.-Pittsburgh Dispatch. pe
Uelsg Mielk tor the liens.
Sour milk, buttermilk, or even whey,
makes excellent food for chicks, but it
is much better to mix the ground grain Ire
with it than to place iit where they can
drink it, in order to avoid waste, as
much of it is eerndered very filthy if at
placed where the thfowls have free ac- ie
cess to it. An egg beaten in milk, and wh
thickened with ground oats and corn- r
meal, of any consistency, wil be eager- ,
ly eaten by young chicks, but if cooked
as ibread, and crumbed, it nill be but.
ter,wlmrairls 'armew.
.i . b r., -e ; ,n ;"
, Maa-. L @xTSb e'h e ioentriemles have
e offended OiL ly the tour hundre at,
Nd ow York, and- she is" no longer re
e elved n oe but she protsts
-that aedaeat ojre alittlabit- eo ehber
inow.
SA LADnws' tootbill club has been os
re ganized -in London, .but has not yet
ro given a publio performance. The pres
n. idoet- is the ecoentric Lady Florepnce
Dixie. The club plays the *Asaspeia;
is tion" game.
re Cnatase Flucwaan's widow died re
el- vently in France At the ag. of seventy
ly six years. .Ier maiden name was El
at anor Rabut, and she made her first ap
pearance at the Comedic' Francaise,
e la 1835 as Ilermione in "Andromaquo."
lO CHURCH FIGURES.
In
se Thr total number of Christians In
is Japan is about 100.000.
ar IN the last 75 years the Methodist
Episcopal church has contributed for
missions more than $25,000,000.
GCa. BooTo declares that of over 10,
000 women rescued by the Salvation
Army, 8,000 have not relapsed Into sin.
In Texas, the largest state, there are
only eighteen Congregational churches,
about half as many as are in Rhode Is
land, the anmallest stat.
IT is stated that forty-six Congreg.
-tional churohes in the state of Massa"
chusetts received legacies last year
from members who had departed this
life.
d DROUGHT PROOF FIELD COiar
n' - Here"is something new. Despite 110
as days without a drop of rain, Salzer's
e. new Yellow Dent corn yielded on a
P large acreage over sixty-eight bushels
. per acre, while the department of
,d agriculture reports the average yield
n on corn but a trifle over twenty
Y bushels per acre in the United States.
1- Now think of the possibilities of this
e corn in a good corn season! It will
double this yield then or 130 bus.
PLt I YOU WILL CUT THIS OUT AND SEND IT
Y with 14e postage to the John A. Salzer
Seed company, LaCrosse, Wis. you will
get free a pack of this DRaorrI PRooF
Coa and their mammoth catalogue. [K]
I- "TrtREa goes an old flame of mine !" as the
Jun said when the comet came into perihe
Slion.-Pack.
SFREEb
eo We Christian Endeavorers-Pocket Guide
and Mlap of Boston, the Convention
CiLy.
The Passenger Department of the Big
SFourRoute have issued a very convenient
Sand attractive Pocket Guide to the City of
s Boston which will be sent free of charge to
Sall members of the Young People's Society
eof Christian Endeavor who WVill send three
I two-cent stamps to cover mailing charges
0 to the undersigned. This Pocket Guide
Sshould be in the hands of every member of
the Society who contemplates attending the
14th Annual Convention, as it shows the lo
cation of all Depots, Hotels, Churches, In
d stitutions Places of Amusement, Promi
Snent Buildings. Street Car Lines, tc., Etc.
Write soon as the edition is limited.
E. O. McConaMxIc
n Passenger Traffic Manager, Big Four Aoute,
a Cincinnati, O.
1 "Bl'xs has got one of those talking
a mnchines." "A phonograph"' "No; awife."
I -Life.
SSBTATrs or OIO, CITY or ToLxzno,t
a LcAs CoUNTYr.
t FRANK J. CHNET makes oath that be is
the senior partner of thefirm of F. J. Cn u Er
& Co., doing business in the City of Toledo
County and State aforesaid and that said
firm will pay the sum of ONE xUNDRED L
LAns for each andevery case of Catarrh that
cannotbe cured by the use of HALL'S CATARIRn
CURE. FRANK J. CHnEry.
Sworn to before me and subscribed in my
presence, this0thdayof 1)ecember,A. D. 13bS.
S A. W. GLEASON
__ fNotary Putile.
SHall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and
Sacts directly on the blood and mu ,ou sur
faces of the system. Send = ortestinonials,
free. F. J. CHENEY & Co, Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggists, 75c
1 l's Family Pila. 250.
HEnnso-"Did I tell you that cute re
mark my little boy got off the other day?"
Baidso-"Eight times."
You often hear a woman say: "It's no
use talking," but she doesn't think so all
the same.-Texas Sirtings.
No MAN ever traveled to fame on a pass.
HArPINGas is never found by those who
seek it on the run.--ham's Horn.
AMUSEMENTS we have outgrown are called
follies.-Fliegcnde Blaetter.
Tni parlor with a beautiful belle in it is a
great drawing-room.-Galveston News.
Ervr.t coward is somebody's hero.
Riml's Horn.
MAN prefers to laugh at somebody else's
expense.-Galveston ews.
MANY people delude themselves into
thinking that laziness is poor health.-Ram's
Horn.
TUE unselfish mortal always keeps some
good resolutions for others.--Galvestoi
THINKERS have their hands on the wheels
of the wvorld.-IRam's Horn.
GRATITUDE can sing sons of praise with
an empty pocket.-Ram's Morn.
DISTANCE seldom lends enchantment to a
&ob of work that is coming.-Milwaukeo
ournal.
ThE more you puff a cigar the smaller it
becomes; and that is the casoe with some
men.-Household Words.
Ral.LERY is a mode of speaking in favor
of one's wit against one's good nature.
Montesquieu.
MAKE thy recreation servant to thy busi
ness, lest thou become a slave to thy recre
stion.-Quarles.
TnE devil will have te go out of busi
ness on the day that he can't make a lie
look like the truth.-Ram's Horn.
MosT men who are kind to a fault are
kinder to their own faults than to thoseof
anyone else.-Household Words.
BEFORE could get r.elief
from a most hor
rible blood dis
ease I had spent hundreds of dollars
trying various remedies and physi
cians, none of which did me any
good. My finger nails came off and
my hair came out, leaving me
perfectly bald. I then went to
HOT SPRINGS
Hoping to be cured by this celebrated
treatment, but verysoon became disgusted
tad decided to try S.S.S. The effect was
truly wonderful. I commenced to recover
at once, and after I had taken twelve bat
les I was entirely cured-cured by S.S.S
when the world
renowned Hoot
Springs had f!l£ed.
Wr. 8. Loomzs, _
Shreveport, La.s~ W
Accept- None of the
Pretended Substitutes for
USE inferior and cheaper made baking
preparations mae bought at wholesale at a price -
so much lower than RoYl,., some grocers ae
urging consumers to use them in place of the RovwT. at
Aae same rrtailpric.
If you desire to try any ot the pretended substitutes
for RoYrL. BAKINO Pownan bear in mind that they are
all made from cheaper and inferior ingredients, and are
not so great in leavening strength nor of equal money
value. Pay the price of the Royal. BAw xo Powaza
for the RoYa.L only.
It is still more important, however, that RoYA. BAZINO
PoDEnR is purer and more wholesome, and makes better,
finer, and more healthful food than any other baking
powder or preparation.
- OYvaL uuRm nowom Of., ms WALL R., srrw en.
"FAvCy 'complishmente am all right in
dab place,t" saad Uncle Eben, "but folks
hab mob need foh shovelin' beautiful snow
dan daybab fob recitin' ob it."-Washing
ton Star.
"Da trouble 'bout d spirit ob persever
ance," said Uncle Eben "'am dat it's too
li'ble ter strike a man bah'deat when he's
intiahly in do wrong."-Washington Star.
IUspeakabl|y 1.serable
Is the man or woman troubled with dys
pepsia. Heart palpitations, sour stomach,
heartburn, uneasiness of the nerves, o1
pression or a sense of emptiness at the pit
of the stomach, are among its symptoms.
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters eradicates it,
and entirely overcomes constipation bil
iousness, rheumatic, kidney and malarial
complaints. Use this thorough remedy sys
tematically and it will achieve permanent
results.
"Wrmr or man is ter'blo anxious ter gib
something away," said Uncle Iben, "hitam
or she sagn dat it aln' much 'count. DIs
'plies ter advice same as anything else."
Washington Star.
A SURGEON'S KNIFE
gives r on a feelingl of horror and dread.
shere is no longer necessity for its use
in many diseases formnnerly regarded as
incurable without cutting. The
Triumph of Conservative Surgery
is well illustrated by the fact that
RUPTURE or Breach is now radi
knife and without pain. Clumsy. chaf
ing trusqes can be thrown away I They
never cure hlt often induce inflamma
tion. strangulation and death.
TUMORS O.arian Fibroid (Uterine)
and many others, are now
removed without the perils of cutting
operations.
PILE TUMORS, hop~t Isl
other diseases of the lower bowel, are
permanuently cured without pain or re
sort to the knife.
STONE in the Bladder, no matter
how large, is crushed, pul
verized. washed ont and perfectly re
moved withouLt cutting.
STRICTURE ;s,""" nt
cutting in thundreds of eases. For pam
phlet. references and all particulatrs,
send to cents (in stamps) to World's Dis
peisary Medical Association, 663 Main
Street Buffalo. N. Y.
MOTHERS
and those soon to be
coiie nmothers,
should know that Dr.
Pierce's a avorite
Prescription robs.
childbirth of its tor
tures, terrors and
dsangers to both
mother and child, by
aiding nature in pre
paring the system
for parturition.
Thereby "labor '"
and the period of
confinement are
greatly shortened. It also promotes the
secretion of an abundance of nourishment
for the child.
Mrs. Dan^ A. CvrnRrrs. of (krtey. Owrlmt C..,
T'rra,.. writes : "" When I began taking Dr. I
Pierce's Favorite Prescription. I was not able to
stand on my feet without suffering almost death.
Now I do all my housework, washing. cooking,
sewing and everything for ittv family of eight. I
nnm stouter niow than I hlave be'en in six years.
Yourr 'Fnvorite Prescription ' is the best to take
before confineniciut. or at least it proved so with
hie. I never suffered so little with any of my
children as I (did with imiy last."
All over -
the house
you need Pearline.
And more than ever in
T_  , J 1 house-cleaning. Just
look over the list of
S - I 1 things that you might
S*, i use-soaps and powders
- and fluids and what
not. Some of them don't pretend to help you as much
as Pearline ; some will injure paint, or surfaces, or fabrics;
some are only meant to wash or clean certain things.
But with Pearline, you will save time and labor in clean
ing anything that pure water won't hurt. Not only can it
do no harm. but it saves useless and' harmful rubbing. 40
Complete Fertilizers
for potatoes, fruits, and all vegetables require (to secure the largest
yield and best quality)
At Least lo7/. Actual Potash.
Results of experiments prove this conclusively. How and
why, is told in our pamphlets.
T'hey are sent free. It will cost you nothing to read them, and they will save yoU
dollars. GERMAN KALI WORKS, 93 Nassau Street, ew York.
SWe thinkR Pio's CURE
for CONSUMPTION Is the
only medicine for coughs."
JENNIE PINCKARD, Spring
field, il., October !, 1&34.
CONSUMPTEI
....CURES WHERE ALL LSE FAILS. BEST COuo, svup....
TASTES GOOD. U88 IN 73W. SOLI D B Y DRUGGISTS. a CNTS:
~.orbelong to the Law sd Order so.
ciet yInajor, -,Yeair l ot anybody oe
wantlynohodP! A ants Constitution.
tonarrr Feeble Lun Agminst Wintes
Pike's ToothaclheDropa Cure in one mint.
"'Do or go to church to hear the nerma
or the musica, Maudel" "I go for the hima.
said Maude.-- per's Basr.
ErT POLISH IN THE WORLD.
with Pastes, Enamels, and Paints whieh
stain the hands, Injure the iron, and burn
red. The Rising Sun Stove Polish is Brile
liant, Odorless, and Durable. Each package
contains six ounces; n moistened will
make several boxes of Polish.
HAS AN ANNUAL SALE OF .000 TO.N.
WALTER BAKER & CO,
The Largest Mainufacturers of
PURE, HIGH ORADE
COCOAS AND. CHOCOLATES
Os this Coastlaat. have se0plw
HIGHEST AWARDS
Industrial and Food
EXPOSITIONS
In Europe and America.
WALTkIR BAKERA CO. O CESTER, MASS
Catarrh canusad hoarse
sess and d fffcultyinspeak
Lua. Ialso to a great extent C
lost hcaring. ily the use of
E/y'eCream Baledropptiag
of mucus has ceased, vnoeT
and hearing have areal tly fr
ALtt'yatLa E w, Momouth,I.. 1
CATARRH
ELY'S CREAM BALM
Open. and cleanse the Nnst Pasenaes Allays Palo
_and f lammatlon. Loals the Sore,, i'lfecta tihe
Membrane from colds. Restores the ensea of Taste
and melhl. To alIm lsquickly absorbedandelves
reie. aN once. 1
A palrtloleols applied Into onecb nostrl and ogre.
BRiy NtL OTHEI/R/. b8 Warrrren Street. New York.
SORE EYES - te0'  5 , g.are
e &e SAlVE. It ..nrh e rug L st-s. u,
and rlamtIon a ote. Priw2 Se. t all drug atoe.. or.
mall .1 COLLIDi BeO." MUDICINE 00., ST. LOUIS, e..
A. N. K., F 1541
W-EN WRITING To ADVERTIsERS PLEAsE
state that rem aw Iwhe Advrtl.eeinmeat Ips is