E LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME III LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JUNE 15, 1895. NUMBER 15.
- . r•. .----- . - -• .. .." i i im - mm mi..m - , am* i.. ,... .... . . m , mm • • ,. m,. , . . .
MOUTN BROS.
-DBALERS IN
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With..
Quality of Goods.
ULseo. Avenues, : LAFAYETT, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Sales' Steer
LAFAYETrE, LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposltlon of
1878. Repairing of fine watches a spe
cialty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. CARMEL COVENT
LAPAYETTB. LA.
The system of education includes the
French and English languages. Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comfort of those placed under tht
care of the Sisters.
For termas apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT an SUPPLY SHOP.
Wear Heak InuItil*Ig.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to t
Batisfaction guaranteed.
I. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA. i
E. G. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND "
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Larayete. La.
I. W. E LLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
AttorneyrYs at Larw,t
LAFAYETTE. LA. L
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND a
FEED 5a
Lincoln Avenue, C
Two dlocks From Depot. it
First-clash'rigs at reasonable prices. ii
Careful drivers furnished when required al
LAFAIETTE, LA. -
Jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON, hi
LAWYIR. tr
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary w
sad Vermillion Parishes, and the Su- hi
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
,nd New Orleans.
LAA WYETTE. .A. in
RAILROAD BARBER 88OP. m
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE." de
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor. a
VZv 0R.Y, 138DI3 is
-AND- T
Sale Stable
& COISTATIITI, Propristor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A pracotitloner in the State 2s years, ov
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls fo
attention to his new and auccessful treat
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalations combined with consti- pl
tutional treatment affording a cuae s th
Consumption, in the first and seconi ro
period if they follow exactly the treat. do
--eat and relief in the third period.
Deafnesa and hronie diseuses in ge m
-a" a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
-Amn-- Iab
Justice of the Peace.
Crteful ad prompt atention given o p
the colleotiom of "hti secop n te, notes oe
-rfte. Sale and purcease of lads at, we
tended to. 1-19
C. tie LOUTON, VJ I W
xe tb4~s~
!"~ #1~t~
THE ROSE JAR.
I remember in my childhood. ia a quaint, eld
fatsioned room.
A rose-jar, flushed with crimson. like the
colors of the dawn;
It stood upon a little shelf, filled to odorous
brim,
With roses that had blossomed in the sum
mers past and gone.
Oh. what a charm swept o'er me, when some
times sitting there.
I held the jar in careful hands, and breathed
its fragrant scent;.
I heard the bees go humming, and 1 felt the
re breezes blow.
I saw the river flowing where the drooping
willow bent.
tE.. Sweet friend, you say the roses that bloomed
for you are dead.
You only iave the withered leaves to hold
within your heart;
The summer's warmth has gone, and the golden
A. sunshine fled.
And the snows of cruel winter, their blastlng
chill mpart.
I only know that now and then, your heart has
stood ajar.
And thoughts like perfume sweet and rare
Sarosa your soul have swept;
Dear thoughts, like summer blossoms. swift
thoughts, like eager birds,
Shy thoughts, like blue-eyed violets, where
summer showers have wept.
Then keep the withered rose-leaves, preserve
them in your heart.
Their perfume blesses other lives with
thoughts of summer hours:
And friend, dear friend, though winter snow
lies white and chill to-day.
Yet, after winter comes the May, and spring
time brings the flowers.
-Gusste P. Dupols. in Chicago Interior.
of c
.CAUGHT BY A CLAM.
BT CHARI.EB STUAMT PRATT. a
1
"One does not usually regard the i
clam as a dangerous animal," re- t
marked my friend, Jack Ballantine, as
he shook a silver pepper-box over a
is plate of the delectable Little Neck D
ic bivalves, "yet the narrowest escape of c
7 my life was from a clam." a
b Jack Ballantine was an old school- o
mate. I remembered him as the ad- d
venturous spirit among the boys, but
had not seen him since we graduated ti
from the Latin high school, a dozen i
years before, till that very day.
Coming down town to business in the ti
morning, I had met him face to face by d
the frog pond, and we had engaged to h
dine together and bring our life-stories d
up to date.
"Not being a dyspeptic, or otherwise
impaired in your body," said I, smiling d,
, across to his sturdy bronzed face, "your r,
h terrible clam could hardly have been of ,
the Little Neck sort."
"Hardly," replied Ballantine, with a ol
laugh. "The clam that captured me
would have made a meal for a regular
fairy-tale giant. It weighed probably
twenty pounds, and its tremendoup 'a
shells four or five hundred pounds t
more."
"You must mean the giant clam of ri
East Indian waters?" observed I, in
- juiringly. "I believe the single shells
of that great bivalve are sometimes
used for holy-water fonts in Catholic
churches." w
"Yes, and in the islands of Oceana for uj
babies' bathtubs," said Ballantine. oi
"The particular tridacna gigas in ques- t
tion, however, with which I had a brief
but fearful acquaintance, was alive, al
and a dlozen fathoms deep in tropic
waters--in the Tomrres strait, between
Queensland and New Guinea." el
So, while we waited the next course,
Ballantine began the story of his ex
traordinary adventure. or
"I believe you went to your uncle in t
London. after our Latin school ac
quaintance," remarked L "You wrote th
me on arriving there, but not after
ward." of
"Yes. Uncle Ballantine had mining th
and pearling interests in Queensland,
and I went out almost immediately aft
er reaching London.. I was located at
Cooktown, on the northeast coast." Cr
"The region and the life were full of of
interest to me, and I soon became fam- cr
iliar with mining on land and pearling
at sea. We had quite a fleet of luggers
--vessels of five to twenty tons, two Tv
short masts, and manned with crews of
half a dozen natives, Kanakas, Japs,
Chinese, or Malaysa, maybe. A
"One of our captains was an old Nan- w,
tueket whaler, and I now and then to
went out to the fishing grounds with fiB
him. of
"On one of these pearling trips we Bu
went up the coast, around Cape York, pr
into Torres strait. It was there 1 had me
my narrow eaeapedrom a clam. be
"Almost at the start we struck rich for
bottom, and our diver was bringing up ch
three or four hundred pairs of shells a poi
day-worth about that number of dol- in
lary. By the end of the month we had ho
a cargo of eight or ten tons. Of course Je1
the mother-of-pearl lining of the sells tw
is the bread and butter of the business. Th
The round pearls of the jeweler are the ral
cake (or perhaps I should say the pie, an
being in New England.) ma
" I always did have an irresistible N
desire to get at the insideof things, and i
'see the wheels go round,' and I had
long wanted, for once at least, to touch de
deep-sea bottom, and behold the mar- th
vels of which I had heard. fat
"The captin tried to dissuade me. F,
He had been a diver himself, and knew at
from personal encounter the dangers of p,
the descent. But as usual, I had my ths
own way, though it was nigh to being pel
for the last time by
"At last the face glass was set in mil
place, and I stepped over the side of mo
the lugger. I slipped off the wet lower Mo
round and sank, sank, down, down, wh
down, into the depths of waters. o
"That sudden delirious descent was rat
measured by seconds, yet 1 lived an P
age of vision and sensatipn, as a drown- co,
ing man does-all the nightmare Im- p
aginings the captain's black talesand ne
warnings had projected into my tici
dreams of the night before seemed 199
aboat to be realized in double terror- - t
then, in a fash, all mental distress my
was blotted out by overpowering has
physical sensations, sauffocating press- te,
ure, to which Poe's inquisition chamber and
were paradiss. siot
"I struggled spasmodically, I be- tur
liHere I shrieked. Then with a clash
the agony ceased, and my lead- -
weighted feet pressed the air within sun
my armor, and went boandig over teal
thema bottom Ulise m tridle ~abbwer on
-Ot01kt - 1I al
-...)-1
"In the midst of this exhilarating
spurt I pulled up suddenly.
14l "As if it had -instantly materialized
he from the sea water, I was face to face
with a gigantic shark. I quickly re
's membered, hrwever, that while naked
n- native divers are occasionally devoured
by these demons of the deep, they
never a ttack the armored diver.
e- "Indeed! I fancy now that the shark d
ed was quite as startled as the diver, for
after a second he wheeled and glided 1
be off to one side.
"As I started on once more I was
stopped a second time, not by an ob
stacle before, but by a sharp pull on i
ed the air pipe behind my helmet, which
,i jerked me over sprawling on my back.
"My first thought was that the shark o
en had attacked me in the rear, but on
scrambling to my feet and facing about a
I saw that the air-pipe, which, in my v
first sudden stop, had probably slack
" ened till it lay on the bottom, was ap- t
r parently caught against some protrudt t
ing object.
th "I hastened back to release it, when, t
to my surprise. I found it held fast Ie- o
tween the shells of a giant clam.
"I gave the stout wire-lined tubing a
re twitch, then a strong pull, bracing my
a feet against the great bivalve. wThen 1,
I clutched the rims of the shell and A
w strove to separate them.
But the vise-like jaws were relent- tl
less. As easily I might have rended tl
a granite ledge at some seam in its ea
center. iT
"Then I turned to the life-line to si. o
nal the tender in the boat. As I did so s
I saw that it, too, had become slack, tl
and was tangled in a branching coral. a
1 dashed forward to disengage it, but fc
e before I reached it I was again twitched( oc
backward by the air-pipe. cc
"Then, for the first time, I real Ize4l
the full significance of the situation. :
My air supply was stopped, communi- tli
f cation with the upper world cut off, ca
and I, Jack Ballantine, in all the vigos tl
of young manhood, chained to my be
death at the bottom of Torres strit. pr
"And now a sudden sense of su ffoca- is
tion warned me that my struggle was m
limited to seconds. pr
"In a flash of memory I recalled the be
tale of one like disaster, where the in
r diver cut his air-tube with a dash freed an
his life-line, and was drawn up helf co
dead. But I had no knife; in that snd- $1
den backward fall I had lost hold of it. ac
"Then, as I lifted my eyes in a -last fry
despairing search for succor, I beheld, pe
resting in the branching coral before yip
me-and to this day I marvel at the in
miracle of it-an iron bar, pointed a Ili
one end-a veritable crowbar. to
"In an instant I was prying at tl-s 81
jaws of the giant clam, with the lever- ne
age of the bar and the strength of des- th
peration. For a suffocating moment av
the struggle was unavailing, then one 181
rim split away and the pipe was free. W
"I turned toward the life-line, stag- cll
gered and fell across it, insensible! tl
"I suppose the weight of my falling bu
body gave the line the one jerk whieth e
was the signal to the tender to 'pull
up.' Anyway, the tender got the sig- Pra
nal, and the next I knew I was lying fr
on the deck of the lugger, the old Nan- a 1
tncketer on his knees at my side, and ro:
all the scared crew standing about." thi
"Truly a most extraordinary tale, as to
well as a terrible experience," I ex- pr'
claimed, as Ballantine ended his story, thi
and the waiter brought on the dessest. me
"That crowbar, for instance, is a strain fal
on an everyday businessman's creduli- ca:
ty," and I looked past my friend's face ha
to the bronze face of Franklin across sta
the street. C
"And yet it is only another instance er
of truth stranger than fiction," assert- tal
ed Ballantine. "Why, the first time Ire
the old Nantucketer I have mentioned roa
went down, on recovering from the tau
daze of sudden descent, he saw in a ad(
crotch of the coral before him a bottle tiv:
of pale ale, and if a beer, why not a wh
crowbar?"-Boston Globe. inv
me
A FAMOUS PAINTING. me
pal
The Esermess Ranseom Offered for the fro
iPeture of st. Jerome.
On the throne of Modena was an thi
Austrian archduke; his government by
was remorselessly shattered and vir- ly
tually destroyed. The ransom was val
fixed at ten million francs and twenty not
of the best pictures in the principality. k
But on that of Parma was a Spanish roa
prince with whose house France had far
made one treaty and hoped to make a pri
better one. The grand duke, there- cai
fore, was graciously allowed to plu- bui
chase an armistice by an enormous but has
possible contribution of two millions has
in money together with provisions and the
horses in quantity. The famous St.
Jerome of Correggio was among the
twenty paintings seized in Modena. bui
The archduke repeatedly offered to
ransom it for one million francs, the to
amount at which its value was esti-and
mated, but his request was not granted. ask
Next came Bologna and its surround- cou
ing territory. onl
Such had been the tyranny of ec- ro
clesiastical control that the subjects of Jer
the pope in that most ancient and pro
famous seat of learning welcomed the roan
French with unfeigned joy; and the mal
fairest portion of the papal states croa
passedby its own desire from under nec
the old yoke. The successor of St. shii
Peter was glad to ransom his capital owi
by a payment nominally of twenty-one mii
million francs. In reality it was far an
more; for his galleries, like those of roa
Modena, were stripped of their gems, has
while the funds seized in government "
offees, and levied in irregular ways, Bo
raised the total value forwarded to nat!
Paris to nearly double the nominal sets
contribution All this, Bonaparte ex- ou
plained, was but a beginning, the idle- Vill
ness of snmmer heats. "This armis- com
tice," he wrote to Paris on June 21, A,
1796, "being concluded with the dog- prol
star rather than with the papal army, thoe
my opinion is that youn should be in no citi
haste to make peace, so that in Sep- No
tember, if all goes well in Germany Prol
and northern Italy, we can take posses- tion
sion of Rome."-Prof Sloane, in Cen- far
tury. him
prcea
-It is estimated that of the total roar
sum raised for the support of the Prot- prol
testant churches of this country, over thea
one-thtrd is now piro oede bD the ef- dush
$*ts o hIborn o wemnsea be
" AGRIC, ULTUPL H INTS.
ce THE FINANCIAL SIDE.
e- economieal Vhases Involved In the Sub
ed Jet of Good Roads.
ed This subject of good. roads involves
Cy several questions. The principal ones
are these: How much is the benefit
rk derived from good roads? Who gets
or the benefit? How much does it cost?
ed Who pays for it? W\ho ought to pay
for it?
as Gen. Stone, of the federal depart
ment of agriculture, has found three
n independent estimates which place the
hyearly loss to farmers in the United
States from bad roads at about $000.
rk 000,000, equivailent to 81 an acre annu
n ally. Capitalized at five per cent., this
Ut amount, if saved, would increase the
1y value of farm land 8?0 an acre, or a td
tal increase of $12,000,000,000. As the
P total value of all farms is about s20,
000,000,000 this would be an increase of
fifty per cent. in their value. As the
*. total annual value of farm products is
e- only $3,00,000,000, one-fourth of its
value is lost through. bad roads.
a Comparisons have also been made
y with foreign countries. The English
n horse does twice the work of the
A American horse, the French horse
three times the work; not because
t they are better horses, but because
d they travel better roads. Mr. Wollen
is estimates the annual cost of maintain
ing a horse at $100. If only one-fourth
of the horses in Indiana could be 1
0 spared, instead of one-half or two
t, thirds as in England or France, the
L. annual saving in horse maintenance
4 for this state alone would be $30,000,
d 000. Prof. Ely holds that poor roads
cost the farmer 815 per horse.
ri These estimates are none too high.
L- The gain from good roads when once
L- they are completed will make the most
cautious statistics seem fabulous. lBut
a there are two or three special points to
P be considered. The tremendous fall in
prices of farm products in recent years t
is a heavy drawback to road improve
s ment. Farm products have fallen in
prices even more than the roads have
a benefited the farmer. In 1882, accord
ing to the reports of the secretary of
I agriculture, the average value of the
corn product in the United States was
811.94 per acre; in 1893 it was $8.21 per
acre, a fall of 31 per cent. Oats fell
L from $11.48 per acre in 1882. to $0.88
per acre in 1893, 40 per cent.; wheat
yielded 812 per acre in 182., only $t;.16
in 1893, a fall of nearly 50 per cent.
6 But the cost of production, according
to the estimates of 25,000 farmers' is y
S$11.900 per acre-$123.39 in Indiana-
nearly double the price received for
the product. Horses, which in 1882
averaged $01 a head, are only $48 in
1894, a fall of 21 per cent. in 31 years.
With horses so cheap and grain still C
cheaper to feed them, it is not likely
that farmers can spend much money in
building roads to economize horse
flesh.
As a result of this universal fall in p
products, the values of farm lands have
fallen correspondingly. Consequently
a large part of the -stone and gravel
roads which have been built during
the last fifteen years have not served c
to raise the value of abutting farm
property, as should be expected from
the estimates I have quoted, but have
merely protected it from the universal s
fall of all such property. In many
cases even the benefited farm lands
have actually fallen in value, notwith
standing the advent of the hard road. r
Closely connected with this is anoth
er point to be noted, numely, that it e
takes several years for farmers to real- tl
ize the increased value which good n<
roads bring. In order to thke advan- in
tage of good roads the farmer must
adopt a more intensive method of cul- am
tivation. Must introduce crops for
which there is a market demand, must v
invest in more machinery and imple
ments. All of this requires time, and
meanwhile the farmer is compelled to
pay his assessments in cash derived I
from the sales of depreciated products.
I do not intend, however, to hold
that farmers awe not benefited bl
by good roads. Indeed, they are high- in
ly benefited relatively if their farm o0
values remain even stationary and do m
not decline, since there is alnwet no 9nar- P
ket at all nowadays for farms cithout 8urlh
roads. What 1 maintain is this, that
farmers under the present fall in -
prices of farm products and farm lands
cannot afford to bear all the expense of
building the county roads, as they
have done in the past. If we are to
have good roads the cities must help
the farmers.
The objection is made that cities
have their own heavy expenses for
building and maintaining their streets,
to which the farmers do not contribute,
and, therefore, the farmers should not
ask them for help in constructing their
country roads. The answer is that
only the main gravel and macadam
roads are contemplategi under the New
Jersey and similar laws, which might
properly be called county or state tr
roads, and that If cities have streets to mi
maintain, farmers have township and cl
cross roads to maintain, to make con- wi
nections with the pikes. The towri- ol
ships of Indiana tax their property of
owners 10 to 15 cents on the 8100 for in
maintaining their own dirt roads, and by
an additional special tax for new in
roads, while the city of Indianapolis Ie
has a tax for the care of its streets and
special assessments for new streets.
Boston spends 16 cents on the t100 val- of
nation for care of streets. The one off- tal
sets the other, leaving the great thor- to
oughfares connecting the cities and of
villages as a proper charge for all in fr
common. th
Again, the federal government has th
protected manufactures and fostered sh
those industries which concentrate in sec
cities. The farmer has paid the bills, of
Now agriculture is in a position to need re
protection. The best possible protec- bit
tion is good roads. If we w-ait for the de
farmer to build the roads we assign th
him a burden he cannot bear in the th
present condition of his industry. Good an
roads must precede agriculture, just as In
protection preceded manufacturcs- yo
then we shall develop our greatest in- hi
dustry so that in course of time It will it,
b* able, Wke seal&*u~tetsora, W WeMr a
L Increased taxes and thus recompense
* the state for the outlay in its behalf.
But the federal government cannot
undertake this expense. It remains
. for state governments to do so. How#
can it be done? The most eeo
s nomical and efficient aid is found, per
, haps. in the creation of a state highs
t way commission. Massachusetts es
s tablished such a commission in 1892,
? composed of three members, receiving
each $2,0000 salary. lheir first report,
issued in 1893, is a practical and valua
Sble document for road builders and
e students of the road question, and es
e pecially is it useful for local supervis
ors of Massachusetts. Ohio and Penn
sylvania have also successful com mis
sions. Indiana has already discovered
a the great value of permanent state
n commissions in other fields. Our state
board of charities and corrections has
a done more than any other agency in
improving the administration of poor
f relief in the township, of jails, peni
tentiaries and asylums, and in super
vising the construction of jails and
~ poorhouses. The state board of tax
commissioners is the first successful
agency for reaching the property of
1 wealthy corporations. A state high
way commission, composed of experts,
giving their entire time to their work,
assisting county and township super
visors. would do more for road improve
ment in Indiana than any other legal I
arrangement.
Next the state should make appro
priations in aid of county gravel and I
mecadam roads, like the state aid in C
New Jersey. It might not go so far as
to contribute one-third, but it should a
assist liberally. It has been estimated
that Indiana spends $2,680,000 yearly
for roads. One-fourth or one-third of '
this could bring better results if ex
pended by the state instead of counties v
and townships. under the supervision a
of the state highway commission. o
But how is the state to get the
money? Taqxes are already so high e
that no political party can safely afford la
to increase them. Yet there is one pro- P
lific and painless source of state reve- 1t
nue as yet overlooked by our law- "
makers. I mean the inheritance tax. c
Neighboring states have such a tax. a
Ohio taxes estates on a progressive 8
scale of 1 per cent. on a surplus above t
F5,000, and raising to 5 per cent. on
estates of $1,000,000 and over. New '
York gets $2,000,000 to $4,000,000 a year e
from this tax. If Indiana had a tax e
like the one in Geneva, Switzerland, it
would yield probably $4,000,000 a year, l
and a tax like the one in Ohio would n
yield fully 61,000,000. The inheritance t
tax is not a tax in the ordinary f
sense. It does not press upo b
industry. It does not take from a man si
what he has earned Only a few pay b
the tax. It comes mainly from the b
cities, and from great estates which fl
could not have been accumulated and
devised without the fostering care of el
the state government. Such a tax si
should be devoted to the two great pur. oe
poses of free schools and free roads. i
These are the two ways in which the m
state can best build up its citizens, fr
especially those in the poorer sections. T
Both expenditures return tb the state ce
compound interest. They make better rc
citizens and better taxpayers. ,
And so, in conclusion, it seems to me gi
from a comparison with what other ki
states are doing that the lines of al
sharpest attack for the advocates of w
road improvement in Indiana are an bi
inheritance tax for state aid to county is
roads, and a highway commissioner to fa
administer it. In this way could the m
entire state, without adding to its pres- cc
ent burdens, promote the building of dt
the best roads where they are most re
needed, and thereby relieve the farmer of
in his depressed condition, stimulate tu
agriculture and create a market for its pc
manufacturers, merchants and labor- ti
ers.--J. R. Commons, of Indiana uni- bi
versity, in Good Roads. te
at
MILK PAIL TROLLEY. cc
th
How One Dairyman Saves Considerable c
Work and Annoyance. El
I have a wire stretched from my sta- to
ble to the dairy house for carrying ly
milk. The wire is 75 yards long and
of 34-inch steel. A trolley wheel was i
made from an old sewing machine. A
pair of small blocks hook on to the  f
in
ha
in,
th
ce:
Cli
y sa
milk can. The wire is drawn taut to
clear the ground in the center where a mC
wire naturally sags. A boy 10 years
old can thus care for 15 or 20 gallons do
of milk with ease. My wire has been yo
in use 4 years and has been worn more un
by the children riding it than dispatch
ino milk.-T. Parks, in Farm and
Home.
5ow to Treat Nervous oerses.
Finely-bred, intelligent horses are on
often very nervous. They are quick tc Ao
take notice, quick to take alarm, quick
to do what seems to them, in moments Ca1
of sudden terror, necessary to escape
from possible harm from something qu
they do not understand. This is why
they shy, bolt and run away. A
sheet of white paper in the zrcad may
seem a yawning chasm; the opefi front
of a baby carriage the jaws of a dr~on of
ready to devour him, and a mauon a
bicycle some terrifying sort of a flying
devil without wings. But we find that
the moment he becomes familiar with its
those things, or any that afright him, ins
and knows what they ar-e. be grows un
indifferent to them. 'Iherefore, when ad
your horse shies at anytlsiaT, make fal
him acquainted with it: let R.im smell dii
it, touoli it with his sealitty 'ppor Uj a7'
and 1ok clseIe t t ".
ie "HE WOMEN OF TONGA.
BeanUtlfl Belles of an Island in the West.
erll lacific.
In none of -the countless islands of
tie western Pacific-the "Coral Edens"
of poor R. L. Stevenson-has a transi
tion from a condition of ferocious sav
agery to at least the appearance of fin
de-siecle civilization been more rapid,
or more complete, than in Tonga, a
beautiful island group in the western
Pacific, formerly known as the Friend
d ly islands, and lying some distance
south of the Fijian and Samoan archi
pelagoes.
The Tongans were long known as a
restless, ambitious and unscrupulous
d people, always at war with neighbor
Saing islanders, and of cannibal propensi
a ties, acquired from frequent inter
course with the "long-pig" eaters of
Fn iji. Now the Tongans possess all the
r machinery of a monarchical govern
. ment, based upon European models,
including a king, parliament and a
d long train of public officials, many of
whom are well educated, dress and live
L1 in European fashion and have their
meals prepared for them by Chinese
cooks. There is a regular code of laws,
with a governor for each of the larger
islands, judges, magistrates, police con
stables, customs oifficers, and so forth,
together with an elaborate system of
1 public instruction.
This remarkable change in the man
ners and habits of a whole people is
L largely the result of missionary influ
ence. There is, however, some reason
to doubt whether it is real or merely
superficial. It has certainly been ac
companied by a marked improvement
in the status of the Tongan women,
who are, for the first time, placed upon
terms of equality, in many respects,
with the native mnen, and enjoy an
amount of freedom unknown in most
of the island communities.
The beneficial influence of a settled
government and a regular system of
laws is shown in the generally pros
perous condition of time islands, the
larger ones being intersected by well
made roads, and covered with highly
cultivated farms, luxuriant orchards
and beautiful gardens; want and beg
gary are unknown; and if the condi
tions of earthly happiness are to be
found anywhere, surely it must be in
Tonga. It is the real land of .tle lotus
eater-a country of sunshine and flow
ers. Unlike most of the Polynesian
peoples, the Tongans are of a delicate
light-brown color, the men having a
mascular, well-fed appearance, while
the women are famous far and wide
for the seductive expression of their
beautiful eyes, rivaling in softness and
significanco those of the Andalusiaun
belies, especially when accompanied
by a coquettish use of the palm-leaf
fan.
The skin of the Tongan woman gen
erally has a silky appearance, the re
sult of a plentiful application of palm
oil, well rubbed in after a preliminary
dip in some shady lagoon. This treat
ment leaves a highly polished surface,
free from the least trace of greasiness.
Their dress is not picturesque. Itgen
erally consists of a cloth fastened
round the waist, ornamented at times
with long hanging tufts of dried
grasses; the head, shoulders, bust,armns,
knees and feet remaining uncovered, 1
although a kind of ribbon is sometimes c
worn round the neck and across tile
breasts. One of their great grievances t
is that the native costume finds no a
favor with the powers that be," and is c
not allowed to be worn in public,being ii
considered immodest, although it is a. e
decided improvement on the nar- v
row circlet which in the early days f
of Polynesian exploration, consti- v
tuted" the sole attire of tile female t
portion of the population. Most of r
the Tongan women prefer to go about a
bare-headed, or, like their Samoan sis- a
ters, bedecked with flowers; but the p
authorities, with grandmotherly care, p
condemn this practice, and prohibit p
the women from entering a church or is
chapel unless wearing the orthodox is
European hat or bonnet. The attempts d
to evade this unpopular edict frequent- T
ly lead to amusing incidents. cl
The principal occupation of the o
ivomen, when not engaged with their cm
domestic duties, consists in the man- a:
ufacture of a kind of cloth from the
inner bark of the white mulberry, the tl
bark being soaked in water and beaten A
into shape with a rude wooden mallet. n
The process is long and laborious, but n
the women generally enliven it by in- It
cessant chatter or laughing. They are ta
wonderfully expert in catching fish.-
Chicago Times-Herald. la
T
Thirst for FWcts, el
"Paw, what does it mean when they tl
say money talks?" asked Johuny. h
"It means," said Mr. Hillus, after re- ti
flecting a moment, "that it sometimes P
helps a man that's got it to talk a little s'
louder than the other fellow."
"Does all money talk?" persisted h
Johnny. ce
"NL-no. Not exactly." 1
"Then money that can't talk is hush '
money, ain't it?"o
"Er-ah-haven't you anything to n
do? Suppose you go out and bring in
your kindling-wood."-Chicago Trib- tl
une.
rThe Exception.
A small boy had had some difficulty
with the neighbor's children during
one afternoon, and that night he was
not feeling in a very Christian spirit "
After he had gone to bed, his mother
came in to tuck him away snugly.
"Did you s.y your prayers?" she in
quired. or
"Yes'm."
"And did you pray for the heathen?"
The boy was slow to answer.
"Yes'm, I did," he said at last- "all
of them, except them next door."--Gol
den Days.
-I find a pleasure in expressln for
its own sake; but I have not the nc
inevitable touch of the true poet, the w
unconquerable patience of the con- cc
scious artist. The right words do not ot
fall into'the right places at my bid- w
ding. I have written tw good para- hc
graphs, antiu possibly aiwg2s perf'et of
4149.-+l A. Maneesik 9J
HOME HINTS AND' HELPS.
. -Chocolate Snaps: One pound of sift
ed sugar, one pound of chocolate.
of grated, mix together; beat the white"
of one egg and stir into the sugar and
si- chocolate, continue to beat until-it iss
- stiff paste. Sugar a white paper, drop
n- the paste on it with a small spoon and
l. bake in a slow oven.-Western lural.
a -New Orleans Indian Bread: Beat
n two eggs very light and add themalter
nately with a pint of fine white meal
ee to a pint of sour milk or buttermilk;
" beat a.level teaspoonful of bakingsoda
into a little of the sour milk until it
a foams; stir this in the batter, beat well
°s and bake in a quick oven.-Country
r- Gentleman.
'- -Baptist Dip: Roll some light dough
very thin, cut with a small biscuit eat
St r or in squares with a knife. Fry in~
me hot lard to a light brown, remove with '
n- wire spoon and place in a colander that
s" no fat may remain on them. Prepare
a cream or milk gravy as for common
toast and immerse the cakes.-Orange
e Judd Farmer.
i -Date Teacake: One-half Ieapful of
s butter, one cupful of sugar, one egg -
one cupful of milk, four cupfuls of
flour, salt, three teaspoonfuls of bak
, ing-powder. Add last one cupful of
chopped dates. Bake in long, shallow
pans, and serve warm wfth butter, or
with a liquid sauce for dessert.-Good
lHousekeeping.
-Potato Pie: Peel and grate one
large white potato into a dish, add the
juice and rind of one lemon, the beaten
y white of one egg, one teacup of white
t sugar, one cup cold water; pour this
into a nice under crust and bake; when
done have ready the beaten whites of
three eggs, half cup powdered sugar,
a flavor with lemon, spread on the pis
and return to the oven to harden.
Farmer's Voice.
---Egg-plant Preserve: This unique
delicacy is very fine, and has the merit
of being easily prepared. Pare and cut
into slices half an inch thick, add
pound for pound of sugar, and let it
stand over night. Next morning put
on over a rather slow fire, let it come
to a boil, and cook slowly for several
hours, until the slices are transparent.
This very much resembles fig preserves,
and is a good substitute.-Good House
keeping.
-To Clean a Carpet: The carpet be
ing first well shaken and free from
dust, nail it down to the floor; then
Smix half a pint .of bullock's gall with
two gallons of soft water; scrub the
carpet well with soap and the gall
mixture; when perfectly dry it will
look like new, as the colors will be re
stored to their original brightness.
The brush used must not be too hard.
but rather long in the hair, or it will
rub up the nap and injure the carpet-.
Leeds Mercury.
SPRING HOtISECLEANING.
Some Practices In the Work Which Should
Be Condemned.
By popular custom housecleaning is
Spostponed in the spring till after the
winter fires are put out. On most sea
I sons this is too late. Every house
I after the long shut-in -period of winter
needs a thorough reorganizing and
special cleaning. This should be done
before warm days, and ought to be
commenced as early as the middle of
April, or as soon as the windows can
be kept freely open while tte rooms
are being cleaned. Fires ought to be
continued some time after houseclean
ing to thoroughly dry out the house,
even if the weather is so warm that
windows must be kept open for com
fort. It is seldom safe to do away with
winter fires before the middle of May in
this locality, unless the living
rooms of the family are provided
with fireplaces for use during the
spring and fall months. The common
practice of cleaning house, scrubbing
paint and floors, hastily replacing car
pets without fires to dry out the house,
is to be strongly condemned. It is an
invitation to miasmic colds and all the
discomforts that come in their train.
The sensible housekeeper begins by
cleansing her garret and then looks
over the cellar, and sees that both the
cellar and all buildings near the house
are thoroughly cleansed and white
washed before the general cleaning of
the f living apartments of the house.
All closets and stowaway places are
next attacked, and every place where
moth or buffalo bug may lurk must be
looked over. The bedsteads must be
taken apart and dusted and filled
with Persian insect powder, mere
ly as a precautionary measure.
This work should be done as
early as possibles iq April, as during
this month all.insect life revives, and is
hatched out for the season. If preeau\
tions are taken to rid the house of
pests of this kind thus early in the sea
son, there will be little trouble after
ward. A month later the buffalo bug
has gone into a papa state, and has ac
complished all the mischief he is like
ly to do for the season, and other in
sects have become abundant enough to
offer a formidable resistance to ordi
nary methods of extermination.
If this preliminary cleaning is done
thoroughly and other rooms of the
house are cleaned, one by one, as it is
convenient, housecleaning need not be
the affliction it so often is. It is true,
where there is a large amount of whit
ing and painting, it is often necessary
to tear up several rooms at once
in order to have the work done at a
cheaper price by the job, but. except
where this is the ease, it is far better
to do one, or at most two rooms, at
once, and settle these completely be
fore going further. It is true that car
pet-cleaners like to have a large amount
of work at once, but they do their
work by the yard, so it is just aseheap
to have the carpets cleaned by the
room instead of by the house, as -i ;
often done. The first method ana - 'b '
put in force without any break in tb i
regular family life, and these wh
not immediately interested-athe W
will hardly realise'iiiat has bsa
complished, except by the result. -
other method interferes more .
with the comfort of eretry
household, and has broeai
of house-olea~ilug uaer.