III GAZETTE.
1!.eription P.rice, - $i Per Year
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
M"rs. E. P. Mayfield, who has
blen visiting her parents, left Tues
'day for her home in Cypremort.
Miss Clora Vhluier returned home
Tuesday from a visit t~ hr sistei
M'rs. J. Judelin 6f Algiers.
Mr. A. Labe left Monday for San
Anton'o, Tex. on business.
H. Hilderdrand, M. C. B. of
Algiers, was here Wednesday in the
interest of the Company.
Cypress split stove wood at Moss
& Mouton's Lumber yard, at five
dollars per full cord.
Mr. J. C. Couvillon has on Mr.
Arthur Greig's farm near town the
finest corn of the season.
Miss Antonia Melchior, one of
tarencro's most charming young
fladict; visited taf;yette this week.
wMrs. J. C. Couvillon visited her
son and daughter-in-law Mr. and
Mrs. Leon Couvillon, in Carencro
during the week.
By a telegram - received from
Houma it is learnt that nearly 8oo
people of that section are getting
ready to come to Lafayette to-mor
kow.
Mr. C. T. Higgins And wife will
leave to-morrow for Algiers, their
future home. Mr. Higgins was
forlnerly employed in the round
house of this place and now has
temployment in the Southern Pacific
tmachine shops of Algiers.
A branch of the American Rail
way Union will be organized here in
the near future. Eugene V.Debs, the
president, will address the meeting
and a large attendendance will be
expected. This is the youngest
branch of Railway organization in
the country:
Messrs. C. F. Latiolais, I. A.
Broussard and Julian Mouton leave
to-day for New Orleans. The latter
will continue on to Baton Rouge to
take his seat iut the Legislature.
Mr. Ed.. J. Perrault, a medical
student of Tulane University, was a
visitor in Lafayette this week, and
talled at Dr. Gladu's. Mr Per
t*-ult is an intelligent man with a
bright future before him, and will
some day be an honor to his pro
fession.
.Miss Anna Couvillon; of Avoy
eAles, has been visiting the Couvillon
families in Lafayette and Carencro.
She will leave for home Monday.
Mr. Arcade Gauthiera prominent
planter of St. Martin parish, was in
Lafayette Thursday. He informed
us that a number of people of St.
Martinville would be here next Sun
day.
Mrs. James Chachere; Mrs. Dr.
Theogene Chachere, from Opelousas
nrid Mrs. Brooks from Crowley,
jiassed through Latayette Thursday
en route to Opelousas where Mrs.
hrooks will spend a few days visit
ing relatives and friends.
Tuesday our local sports had a
*ery interesting cock fight in the
old canning factory; between Jack
Burke, belonging fo O. Hebert. and
Wild Bill, belonging to G. A. Lan
dry. Wild Bill was the winner.
Mr. and Mrs. John O. Mouton,
Judge Debaillon and Dr. Mouton
teturned Tuesday morning from
Galveston where they had gone to
attend the Baulard-Mouton wedding.
Mr Tunard, the talented editor of
the Shreveport Times and Mr.
Lafargue, of the Marksville Bulletin
Review, and a popular member of
the Liosiana Press Association,
iere in Lafayette T'hursday and
talled on The Gazette.
Will Refne Sugar.
Mr. M. Billaud, Sr. has purchased
t vacuum pan which will so3n be
Aidded to his already large sugar
hibuse. Mr. Billaud will refine his
'ivn sugar. It is a pity that more
/ our planteis caii fit siee their vtay
tlcar to the building of sugar
refineries
lee Ie? leo
Messrs. Harnisch & Pefferkorn
have opened the ice depot opposite
Mr. Pellerii's store where they will
bundle ice manufactured by the
Opelousas Ice and Bottling WVorks.
If you desire, ice will be delivered
at your domicile two or three times
a day. Orders left with the above
named gentleman at their depot
d'ill be pionri~rtly attended to.
the Stock Law.
At the session of the Town Council
held last Monday, it was moved by
Henry Church, and seconded by
Albert Cayard that the stock law be
repealed for the day fime. Thy
motion was defeated fhe cou'ncil
men voting as follows: yeas: Henry
Church and Albert CaYard; nays:
A. T. Caillouet, A~. M. Martin
F. Demanade
Broke his Amrl.
Last Sunday; ,danoroid Cotiret,
khile riding on hia smother's plan
Eation, had the misfortune to be
thrown from his horse, cnising a
fr.t-wr e of the right arm. [)r. J,
P. Friances was called to attend him,
and we are glad *o announce that
the young gen'teinen is doing as
well as could be expected under the
circumstances.
Carencro St Work.
The sugar planters and drher per
sons interested in the cultivation of
cane will meet at the Alliance Hall
in Carencro to-day, to discuss and
deb'ise VhA best meai's to enlist
capital to build.a sugar refinery.
The enterprising citizens of that
section of the parish have been at
work for some time. They held a
largely attended meeting a few weeks
ago. At this meeting there were
present men representing 764
actei of cane, being a little
more than half of the crop raised
in the vicinity of Carencro, as it is
estimated that over 1300 acres of
cane are now under cultivatio . within
-two or three miles of the town.
The people of that prosperous sec
tion never fail in their public enter
prises and The Gazette predicts it
(ill iiot be long before the whistle
of the sugar mill is heard in their
midst.
In a Bad Fix.
She.iff Broussard lodged in jail
last Wednesday a negro named
Leonard Antoine, who had been
found lying by the railroad track,
near Scott badly mutilated, evi
dently by being run over by a train.
He was seriously hurt about the
shoulders and his feet were badly
mangled. His wtounds were dressed
by Drs. Gladu and A. R. Trahan.
A St. L'ndry deputy sheriff, who
saw the negro, informed Sheriff
Broussard that he was wanted in
St. Landry for robbery and re
quested that he be held in custody.
He was taken to Opelousas Thurs
iday eAening. His recovery is
doubtful.
Mouton-Baulard.
Last Monday evening, at 4:30,
there were gathered together a fash
ionable throng of relatives and
friends to witness the nuptials of
two prominent young people. The
occasion occurred at St. Mary's
Cathedral at Galveston. The scene
was one of pomp and splendor,
surrounded by the youth and beauty
of the Texas city. The im
pressive marriage ceremony of
the Catholic Church, with its pro
nounced and hallowed language,
and its solemn benediction, only
lent the more to its interesting sur
roundings:
The two young people who were
the centre of attraction, were to be
come man and wife, and with the
usual invocation became such.
Father McSorly officiated.
The contii.tLing parties were Miss
Meloise Baulard, of Galveston, and
Mr. Walter J. Mouton, of Lafay
ette. The maid of honor was Miss
Rose Tiernan; first bridesmaid,
Miss Lillian Dalian; second brides
maid, Miss Blanche Tuffley. First
groomsman, C. P. Baulard; second
groomsman, Tom Ratto. Ushers,
Chas. Boddecker, Jos. Gengler,
Harry Outtlerider arid Geo. Lein
back.
Upon entering the church the
bridal party was preceded by the
flower girls, Misses Mathilde Reick
erzer and Laura Heffron, dressed
in tarlatan, bearing beautiful flowers
that not only gave a picturesque
appearhncc, but pervaded the in
closed atmosphere with a sweet
fragrance. Then followed in succes
sion; the second bridesmaid, dressed
in white silk nulle, -trinuined with
white satin ribbon; first bridesmaid,
dressed in China silk, trimmed with
lace;. maid of honor, dressed in
nioslin silk, trimmed with bangles;
bride, dressed in satin duchesse.,
trimmed with lace and pearl orna
ments, who was accompanied by
her brother; Mrs. Baulard and the
groom.
After the ceremony the bridal
party retired to the residence of the
bride's mother, Mrs. C. LI. I3aulard
were a bounteous repast was spread
for the gudsts, and the usual toasts
were given for the future welfare of
the happy young couple.
MLr. and Mrs. Mouton were the
recipients of many valuable and
beautiful presents, among the most
prominent of which were: One full
set silver fsible ware, Mrs. C. L.
Boulard; silver berry set, Miss
Lilian Dalian; silver urn with four
Stilver glasses, from the four ushers;
silver water pitcher and cups, Miss
Rose Tiernan; silver castor, Dr. and
Ms. F. J. Mouton; silver waiter,
Mr. John 0. fMouton; one dozen
coffee spoons, Mrs. Heffron; one
dozen silver oyster forks, Dr. A. A.
Dyer. burnt china ice dish, Dr.
Randle; gold siigar scoot, Mr.
Ratto; one box silver table ware,
W. S. Torian; silver castoa, MIrs.
Dupau; a berry spoon, Miss Katie
Zeigler; silver sugar bowl, John
Cameau; one gold thimble, Mr.
Reicherzer; pair of beautiful statu
aries, Mr. Herbert of New Orleans;
silerl ovidr box, Mrs. Pat Tier
nan; silver hl'tp'irm dish, Miss Yo
lande Mouton; furniture inctif&h'g
piano, Mrs. John O. Mouton; othem
beaut#ul presents from O. Duver
net, Numa Domengeei Mie R-um
buhl, Mr. Rousset,  &: ifyrk
son & Bros. Joe ,art'. 4 fr~• ./ .
y;oung lady of th. city of Gir;·e.~sof
and. the groom rs a lionising young
d 's~i~iess mdir of Lafayette; both are
I very estimable young people. They
arrived Thu-siday morning tn Lafay
ette and took po'scssion of their
beautiful home.
SUGAR MEETING
At Alliance Hall, Carenciro;, P.,
Sunday, May 13th.
Sugar planters, and others interesteA in
the cultivation of cane, especially iM the
Carencro section, are cordially invited td be
present. Mlatters of. great importalce will
be submitted. Come oice, codie all!
Four Big Succesgeh:
IHavingthe needed nierit to hnoti than
make good all the advertising, claimed for
them, the following foir -enalledieS have
reached a phenomenal ~ale. .lir. King's
New Discovery, for consumiptlon, Coughs,
andt Colds, each bottle guaranteed-Electric
Bitters, the great remedy f*c Liver, Stom
ach and Kidneys. Ilickleni's Arica Salve,
the best in the world, and l)r. Kin.g's New
Life P'ills, which are a perfecI pill. All
these remedies are gaareutted t do just
what is cl'imed for then tiid the dealer
whose name is attached heziceith will be
glad to tell you more df them. Sold at
WVm. Clegg's D)rug Stdre.
The Entertains)ent tkd  'air.
Let all remember that a very in
teresting program Wt;i!! be rendered
at the opera house to-night.
A telegram has been i 'iccived from
Houma announcing that the excur
sion train will be cr6wd\dd. Prepa
rations have been made to receive
and entertain the excursionists. In
the afternoon there will be an enter
tainment at the opera house and
during the clay all kinds of refresh
ments and eatables will be served at
the church grounds. Several brass
bands will be here to take part in
the contest for the. prize to be
awarded to the one discoursing the
best music. At night the popular
comedy "'Le Jardiniir Grand Sei
gnueur," wtll be played.
Attention, Young Ladies.
Let your bright eyes sparkle and
wit and humor reign' supreme on
next Sunday at the Faii grounds for
our popular.jeweler, Mr. T. M.
Biossat, who is ever ready to assist
in a good cause, will give a hand
some silver goblet to L;U voted to the
most popular lady on the grounds,
the proceeds of which ,i'ill help swell
our church fund. Shy who is so
fortunate as to win the goblet, may
call at T. M. Biossat'sd ewelry store
and have her namfe -.nd the date
engraved free of charge. The
goblet is on exhibition in Mr. Dios
sat's window.
Working tile &i -ds.
The road near Couvillion's store
is now being put in good order,
with substantial ditches on each
side. The work is being done by
the prisoners senteddcl to the
p)arish jail at the last ternm of court.
A few more prisoners and our roads
will soon be in a better condition.
This is certainly the best way to
u~lize the labor of the. prisioners
andi at the same time )t shortens
their terms and conse-qtichtly saves
money to the parish.
Curencro Nei'i a.
F'rorm Our Ictnelh,.r Correspon":l hnt:
-W'e are pleased to state Dr. F.
WV. Courtney is fpat recovering
from a long and ted'icntt spell of
sickness.
-Hon. A. I. Guilbeau was a
visitor in town this week.
-The attempted assassination of
Mr. John Johnson, at his residence
near Carencro on the inight of the
ist instance, is iiiidoubtedly the
most outragious Incident that has
ever occurred in this vicinity. Every
effort looking to the discovery of
the perpetrator of the infamous
deed has proven fruitless. Mr.
Johnson was seated in the front
room of his house surrounded by
his family, with a young child in
his arms, and knowing of no enemies
did not suspect that 3 cowardly
would-be murderer w'!s lurkiog
within a few teet of hirii. The fel
low who fired at Mr. Johnson was
standing on the gallery pfotected by
the darkness, a suitable cloak for
such cowards; and escaped before
pursuit could be giveri. At this
vwriting no clue has been discovered
that might lead to the capture of
the miscreant, and A.'ri,qucntly
Judge Lynch is deprived of a fit
candidate for the applitation of his
law.
-Last Sunday Carencro was
almost depopulated, pichics and
fishing parties being th.e order of
the day.
-Remember the charch fair and
festival at Lafayette Abtlay and
tomorrow; and bear i# BEind that
the people of Lafayette have always
contributed liberally to .very enter
tainment given by is. We trust
that a large number of our people
will attend the fair, arnt? 'ail them
selves of the pleasure (ht will no
doubt be afforded.
-Mrs. C. C. Brown- and her
charming daughter Miss Shrah, were
visitors in Crowley this ieek,
-Our sugar planters, .:e exerting
themselves tn every pocSlble way,
with a view towards the establislh
inent of a large sugar ;rill here,
and the indications are tthat their
efforts will be crowned withll success.
.Thc' -tve already been offered out
Sd', dbital to assat them in their
-ids: It wonld ta~.Tdom. sedly prove
Y.g investmer*&ffid a great
advhi~tage to the plahter's. The
acre,'ge devoted to' cane ctilture has
inereased so greatly, that it has
lreadly h-norD a very cri¢-:;
problem as to how we will be able
to move our crop; but by reducing
the cane to juice or sugar, that
difficulty is overcome. A sugar mill
here would not only i-educe very
materially the cost of hauling the
cane, but would also afford employ
ment to a large number of people.
Let the'"Sugar Planters' Association"
push the matter to a ',finish,"
thereby protecting themselves, and
becomiug independent of outsiders,
who care very little for their in
terests.
I-Rev. Father Laforest accom
panied by Dr. WV. W. Lessley,
attended the christening of the new
bell at Church Point on last Thurs
(lay.
-Do not forget that there will be
a meeting of the '-Sugar Planters'
Association" at Alliance Hall on
Sunday the 13th inst.
-Friday afternoon May 5 the
young ladies of St. Ann's Academy
under the tutorship of Miss M1adeline
Melchior celebrated Father La
forest's bi th anniversary in a
manner which was at the same time
a surprise and a pleasure to him.
Upon being invited over to the
school room, he and a few friends
of the school found the place quite
a picture, all the doors and windows
being tastefully draped with lace
curtains and profusely decorated
with flowers. In the centre of the
room was a large heart shaped
receptacle lined with spanish moss,
tipon which rested numerous little
gifts, the handwork of the children
themselves as an offering of love to
their good pastor. At one end of
the room was a very prettily
arranged stage where after a chorus
of welcome by the school, a little
drama was performed by Misses
Emxrida Sonnier, Antonia Bacque,
Euchariste Mathieu, Sarah Brown
and Odile Crouchet.
The 1:arts were nell sustained
ca)nsidering the age of the perform
ers and especially is this true of
Miss Odile Crouchet who, as a pert
and curious waiting maid was per
fection. She also delivered a pretty
French recitation. A pleasing pre
sentation addre:s was then made
most gracefully by Miss Sarah
Brown, after which Father Laforest
thanked Miss _elchior and hcr
pupils for the pleasure he had re
ceived. Miss Melcisior has always
shown herself very succes:; s.l in
training her pupils in these graceful
little affairs. She seems to pos:c.-.s
the tact of allotting appropriate
parts to the children which produces
very satisfactory results. The
chools gave its annual picnic on the
dlay following and as usual, all had
a very merry time.
-Mr. F. A. Broussard Jr., paid
a visit to friends in St. ;Martinville
this week.
Hon. Saul Broussard has returned
home after a three weeks' stay at
Lake Arthur, whcte he passed the
time fishing and hunting
-Mr. L. DeleglIse and wife will
shortly leave for a visit to relatives
and friends in France. We trust
that they may enjoy their trip.
-At the last meeting of the
Attakapas Medical Association, held
in New Iberia on May Ist a paper
was submitted by Dr. F. J. Mayer,
proving the contagious character of
phthisis pulmnonalis, and urging the
members of the association, to use
their influence with their respective
representatives andl senators, to
enact such necessary laws that
would enable our medical men to
control andt prevent the spread of
this terrible disease. The next
meeting 3will be held in Jeannerette
on Dec. 4 next.
TorIDEM XEIrIIIS.
Matrimnonial.
In our last issue there appeared
an advertisment fromu a batchelor
signing himself "Z," who was dCs ir
ous of corresponding with a young
lady with a view to matrimony.
The following answer was received
by us. In compliance with the re
quest below, "'Z" will answer
through our columns next week.
7' "Z," cara Lanj'//e; Gazcl'e:
L.AFAvEr.;T LA April 7, xS94
Sir-My attention was called to your
advertisenient in the last issue of The
Gazette, I noticed your request to that
paper, where you would like to correspolnd
with the right girl, one who is passably
pretty anrd not to proud to, work. According
to my own judgment I h)clicve to )be tlhe
girl that would answe, r tc y.-mr deferipltion
and that I am the \'eay girl that you are
looking for, for a wife. I would do all I
can to mtake you ha ppy and to please you.
Ihut in return I wearil Ie much pleased to
know if you are passably pretty, also to
know your lhabtits and your dislositiorn. I
could nlot bear to live with a husband that
has a mean tlem'per.
I am of niddle age, and fair looking,
and I ama not afraid to work, and I realty
believe that I deserve to have a good lIli
band soace day.
Please answer through next Saturday's
issue of "'The G;azette," being anxious to,
learn if you are in earnlest about this niattcr.
I presume there will bIe otlhler girls to the
race besides me, but I ) ,pC t,, he the Itlwry
Adrldlrcss; it. c5i-¢ ,,f ""l'ci (;.lc'tte "" ("iy.
e A ROYAL RECETITiO.
The Hospitable Citiziiji of Crowly
Welcomre the Meoii~ers of the
I LouIsiana Prcs .
The 14th annual session of the Louisiana
Press Assocsation was held in Crowley this
week. It was opened Monday norning at
io o'clock...I1on. P. J. Chappuls, the ac
eaon.plished Mayor of Crowley, delivered
the address of welcome in impressive and
eloquent words. Ilon. John l)ymond re
sponded for the ncwspapiermcen and was
greatly applauded.
Next came the reeding of t pecum by Vr.
Addle McGrath Lee, after which the rou
tine business of the meeting was attended
to.
II. C. Smith, of New Orlerns, told the
editors all about "Cash Subscriptions an-1
Ilow to Get Them." The gallant Cal
Hicks, of the Shreveport Progress, enter
tained th- aud:ence with a very in:ltcr .e::n
paper on ",,oman in 'u ?c Lifc." ili:cky,
like all good politicians, wanted to be on
the g >od side of the fair sex-and he suc
ceeded admirably well.
At the close of the evening session the
members of the press and their families
were driven around the country, thus af
fording them an opportunity to see the !u
ntmense strides to progress made by these
energetic people since the'-last seven years
ago. What was then a bald prairie is now
the site of a thriving city, inhabited by in
telligent ano hard-working people.
At 8 o'clock a grand entertainn:cct was
tendered the association by the local talent.
An exceedingly interestini progrann was
rendered in a manner that reflects credit on
the participants and the management. The
hit of the evening was the singing of Miss
Grant, a young, lady fr:on New Iberia,
whiose voice has 'c-h tho-oughly trained in
the Boston conservatory of music. Illn de
spste of the lowness of the ceiling and the
acoustics of the hall, her singing met with
repeated encore..
Tuesday at S o'clock in the morning a
special train bearing the members of the
association and the best part of Crowley,
steamed out to Mlernentau, where the packet
Olive was boarded for Lake Arthur. En
route the scene was enlivened by tlhe dis
course of exru'l1tc: :tlusie froml the Crowley
band, while the innrmtan was amply pro
vided for with sandwiche;, cakes, lemotn
anles. Aftr rcackLii:g Lake Arthur, those
of the cxcurs:.-nii.ts who so desired, cxtnded
their trip to iv- (tat (gt,t' on the lake,
retu:nilg in titme for a b1ounteotts dinnlr
I served to over 23o persots.. The excur
siton0:is rtunr'edl to C'Iowley at 9:30, satis
lied of lhavting visited one of the lovliest
spots in I-ou. it,' -
V,!nsday ac,'orning the aaisociation re
sun'ed the traitsactiol of business, wheen tihe
tedium was again relieved by a chtaring
Srendition of the 'exicaitn National I yymn"
by Miss Aina l'ant, wshose sweet and at
tnlel ivoice lilcited ani encore of nt)us;t pro
nounced description. She thtIn iavorecd tile
dliienLce V, ith. the soul-inspiring strains-of
Raii.::_sa was again taken up. Mir. Dy
:talnd introluced a restultion t;i sc subject
of P.::sh tatian for school purposes, which
was exhaustively discussedi. The resolution
was adopted.
iThe evening scssi,,n wvas opened by MIr.
I)ymond, who read a paper entitled "'The
lBest Newspalper," followed by a very inter
estsng talk on "Immnuigration" by J. V. Git
more.
Prof. Barrett, of the Acadia College, de
livered an eloquent address on the ,"Antmer
ica of Tomorrow," after which the original
and only Don E. Sorclle, of the Free State
of Sabine, read in his inimical way, a paper
on "'The County N'ws'a-rter: l o. to MIake
It Pay in the Smaller Towns."''
A number of resolutions, which will ap
pear in our columnls later, were adopteir.
Other business of minor importance was
transacted and tilhe association proceeded to
the election of oflfcers for the ensuing tern;
The following t crc eleccted,: (,cu. John
McGrath, president; .rs. Kate Field and
Mrs. Ella Bentley, vice-prcsilents; Oscar
1'ilpes, secretary: J. Y. (Gdihn:re, treasurer;
\V. Schwing, assistant secretary. The presi
dent wa:, authorized to appoint delegates to
tihe National Cenvention which fnects next
July at Ashtury Park, New Jersey.
A splendid reception and dance, -ls cn by
the Crow\ley Social ('lub it Iti,tr of the as
siociationt, Vwounld u one of the mnost enjoy
able sessions ever held since its organic.a
lion.
Thle people of Crowley may justly feet
proud of the princely reception extended to
their friendls of the Louisianca Press. It
was leminently piroper or the association to
tender its sincere tlhanks to Messrs. C. C.
anld V. \V. Ilusan and I.. S. Scott and tl-e
other citizens of that go-ahead townii, vlc
were untiring in their cfiorts to manke all feel
at Ihome while in their thrifty town.
Crowley itself has Ieen so often writlten
up that it is not necessary to dwell further on
Sits adlvantages; it seemnts to be forging ahead.
Rihce, wclie is the tlin suplt-i't oLf tile town,
ca bew raised there witih ilore Iprofit than
anywhere else. The glory of Crowley is
hter college, which is now undler thie nman
agenment of l'rof. narrett, a short hiograph
icl s:tcih of wht>:u we pulish in anzother
Cltre for llCeadachi.
As a rei:rt'r? for .-nt fi rics o Ii,:l-w'L
It'-r ";t tt:.s1s 1 as iproved to LIbe tie very best.
It citccs a pcrlnllttn t ciire nal liii llii.
drcadiet habituial sick hleadaches i,'il to it;
intthlence. ,\c urap all \who are a.flitc d to
procure a b-,ttle andi give this rcimeiy a fa:r
trial. In cases of' habitual c-n-li patin'i
tlectric iittetrs cit-es by giving tie nocile,!
t tnic to tile howcls, and ftew casis long re
sist thle use of th* nccdicinc. Try it ionce.
L.ar--e bIott-l orl is Fifty cnets at \Vtn.
CLeg's llrug Sto:re.
Senator Bllanchard is consideredc
a winner beyond preadvcnture. IIc
is one of those menl who wear, and
since his alppointmcnt by Gov.
Foster he has steadtily gaited in the
esteem of those who hav\'e the
mnaking or unitaking of Sentators.
AiIr. Illanchard is a gentleman of
broad views, extendted experiencice
Sand indcefatigable industry. No ont
could better conserve our interest
than he. He cannot fail to be
cleted if m erit c- ou:nt, fitr ;,,ugh . 1
-J llto 1 .' --Ne c'as l .io 71 :t- iti.
"I do riot issue a catalOgue"'
I will, however, fill any order
Taken from any catalogue
Ahd you can always see just what you are buying. And
in case you find in a catalogue just what you want, by call
Ing on me, i. will make y~ou up any style of jewelry yod
may wish.
DIAMSIOND SETTINCS A.SPECIALTY
ENCRAVIN EATLY ..EXECUTED.
WATCHES S'KILLF'ULLY.. REPAIRED:
All work guaranteed.
T. M. BIOSSAT - - - - Jewe le r
Lafayette., Louisiana.
Express and Mail Orders Promptly Pilled. LOCK BOX 131
THERE Is A STORE
ON THE SOUTHWEST!
COR. COURT-HOUSE
SQUARE,
W here Pure ')rugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
Stationaryi\, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of %Vines
and Liquors for mnedccin!! purposes, are sold at rea
sonabre prices.
Also a few fine Groceries are to be had and sone
Hardware.
THIIS PLA-CE IS OWNED BY VTY CLEGd
TRAHTAN & DOUCET
Successors to J. E- TrA.i AN,
-ANI) I)XA:RS IN-
Paints, Varnishes, Wifndow Glass
FANCY AND TO/LET ARTICLES,
School Books a".d Stationery, Base Dall Goods, Tobacco-and Cigars;
Mli!iier's Perfunles
P'reacript ons Compoundrd8t Day & Night
1-16--93 iy
Miss Louise Revillon
-: Solicits a visit to hers
M1ILVLJJN RY
.  11::- ,3[, P 1: :WLO R '-E. T " ---- -
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF FINE GOODS IN THE
LATEST STYLES.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON
At WHOLESALE and' RETaIL
OFFI C E AN D YARD NEAR xRA ILROAD DEPOT
LAFAYETTEI., LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sashi
Blinds, iMouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
MIcCormick Harvester, Binders and MIower. Eagle plows, Walking'
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
Wagons, Cisterns.
- -
IMrs. John O. Mouton,
NX',W Al) SEASO Al!-f
AMILLINERY GOODS,
SUCIT AS
Hats, Featlhers, Silks, Einbroidcrics Etc.
aso Laies' and children's Shoe
-DEALER IN
Stoves, Harness, Carriaged
and WACON,
Manufacturer's anrertI fAi \talking and Rid.ing Cull;,.tors, ; isc Iiarrow Leaver 1)rp~ e
.td xiw, Stalk Cutter. Corn alnd Cottou n Planters, Sulky Plows,
Trr--i- ing P\'. ltiy Rokes, Road Carts.
Cuo-rnr o[ .ettrelor fnad Vent mitlion StrCvts. L AYPATTP'PT, t #