1EVFt '' URD
"=ttro ' - aotaiwro.,
JOURNAL OF THIS PARISH
atthe Lafayette La. Post-Office as Second
aewsca
R.epubi-canY.d. JUNE 22, 1 m5.
ARioical umtter of a personal nature. will he
to cet c a line for one inserti.n in this pa
r io w frqolsmoas of respect. etc.. S cents a line-: o n
5 e eate of paid entertainments. balle. etc..c
te. i fier obituaries of ten lines or less, free. and
h rof.ev.tbaten lines. S cents a line.
Republican and populist dema
gogues may howl as muchly as
::tbhy can, but our people know
S-e w.oth'st to the Democratic party alone
i ust the people now look for salva
tion from negro dominatioQ.
Shreveport Progress.
As a party, the Populists would
never consent to Africanizing our
State, but there be among them
- some who so hate the Democratic
party that they would risk anything
to bring about its overthrow.
S: hreveport Progress.
The States and other gold papers
are indignant because the ward
bosses figured at the meeting in
New Orleans last week, but they
seem to think that Henry Clay
Warmoth is good enough to be
long to the "Sound Money"
SLeague.
The city ward boss and the silk
stocking politician get along well
together as long as there is no "pap"
to be distributed. It is then that
the venality of the boss becomes
apparent and the purity of the gen
sleman in silk looms up in all its I
angelic innocence.
Now that A. W. Cockerton, Ma
jor Burke's first lieutenant, has re
turned to New Orleans to stand
trial, the public may be treated to
real sensations in connection with
Burke's big steal.
The States tells us that the Mem- C
plis "sound money" convention s
was in no sense of the word a po- t
Itical affair, and that the silver t
convention in the same city was s
chuck full of politics. Verily, oar
able contemporary is saying some I
wonderfully strange things. a
The Woman's Christian Temper- l
ance Union at their recent meeting t
in London brutally assailed the
Southern people for alleged lynch- I
ings and eulogized the negress agi
tator, Ida Wells. Despite ' the
senseless vaporings of all the female a
cranks in creation the South will
continue to attend to her own busi
ness.
The Shreveport Progress wants a
candidate who is a friend of "pro
gressive farming" and suggests the
name of Hon. R. C. Davey fot
lieutenant-governor. The name oft
Mr. )avey can not fail to carry
much enthusiasm in the ranks of
the farming element. Besides be
ing born and reared on a farm he v
has always taken a deep interest in s
all agricultural matters, in fact we c
believe that scientific farming has t
been his favorite hobby, but if our
friend wants a real "'friend of pro- ti
gressive farming" we would suggest
the name of Hon. John Fitzpatrick.
lHe is your ideal farmer.
Things are rather mixed. Ashton d
Phelps, president of The Times-Dc- n
nimcrat company, and the much- w
abused ward boss are hugging each tc
other in fond embrace, while the ti
goldbug papers are calling the latter al
all sonts. of ugly names because he ui
las dared to express himself on the t
silver question. Some of the silver c
papers se em to think that the at
"*boss" is a terribly corrupt fellow, o0
when he is mentioned as a suppor- v
ter of the S:ate Administration, but p
as a iilver man he is spoken of as a 01
"gentleman and a scholar." To a S
man up a tree all this is decidedly w
uuny.
Candwnal Gibbons has taken to st
Rome the documents concerningw
the Knights of Pythias societies of la
SFall River, M1ass., with a view to it
eiavig the pope make a ruling on sy
themin. River societies are made up se
"ery largely, if not entirely, of at
-Cattholic members. They have
upb tip a beneficial insurance sys.
% alm.the benefits of which woud be c
if the members were compelled 9
-.ythe d.ecree to abandon the al
a It .would be a special si
n-oseveral Catholics who sC
Sd.ife .insurance premiums ce
r i* stck and dependent on r
--rom their investment. wI
from Fall River laid si
circumstances be. to
-tU  oi, but the decree pa
- -sights of Pythias made by
-twas determined ta
Sshould lay
• PU. LIC SC .,OOIS
FLafay parish lose ten
mont sesqion a vag ened,
a. Sept. io, 1894. There are ai
together some 20 white schools -em
ploying 24 teachers and while the
actual enrollment of pupils cannot
°d be stated here, there. has been
an unprecea nted increase during
the last sholasttc year. - While. .the
- Board, ably assisted by the Police
h Jury, has provided new school
houses and more and bett -r accom
Td modations, still the capacity of the
schools in several instances has
been taxed to the utmost extent.
The efficiency of the schools we are
happy to state has shared in the on
ward and upward movement in
educational affairs and while this
department has been seriously
Id h.ndicapped by various and un
avoidable causes yet we feel confi
dent that much has been accom
m plished. Able and conscientious
teachers alone should be employed
Ig and every effort made to bring the
entre system to a high state of per
fection. The officers in charge will
rs certainly do all in their power and
rd if sincerely seconded by the school
in patrons the coming scholastic year
=Y will be marked by considerable
Iy progress. The wonder is not that
e- so little has been accomplished,
"'but that so much has been done
with so little. Not one cent of lo
. cal school tax is levied outside of
1I the regular poll tax of $S per cap
" ita. The Board owing to the lib
it eral appropriations made by the
.s Police Jury has been enabled to do
. a great deal, but withfincreased ex
:s penditures incidental to increased
demands of the system, the time
will soon come-if it is not already
at hand-when direct local taxation
will be the only means of maintain
ing the schools in a proper state of
0 efficiency. People who ride in
h palace cars and who build a
$12ooo jail for the accommodation
of a miserable set of criminals,
a should not hesitate to expend a few
thousand dollars in the education
r of their children into whose hands
s soon will be committed the destiny
r of this great nation. This is not
e the highest nor purest motive to be
advanced, but it will suffice, we
hope, to impress our readers with
the importance of additional- inter
est in a matter so vital. Let the
people bestir themselves to renewed
activity in furnishing the sinews of
war and soon Lafayette will forge
e ahead and be in line with its more
1 fortunate sister parishes.
- DE OCRA TIC APPOR TIOVr
MEN T.
At the primacies of 1892 it was
decided by an overwhelming major
ityj of the Democratic voters of this
State to fix the apportionment in
the next State Convention on the
basis of the combined vote cast for
Governor Foster and Judge Mc
Enery. By almost unanimous
voice the white Democratic voters
settled this vexed question, but now
comes a few north Louisiana papers
which wish to return to the old sys
tem of using the negro to control
white Democratic State conven
tions. It is a well-known fact that
some of the negro parishes were,
in past years, represented in State
conventions by ridiculously large
delegations, based partly upon the
negro vote. By this means they
were almost in a position to dictate
to the white parishes the nomina
tions t, be made. Let us take for ex
ample the parish of Tensas, which
under the negio basis was entitled
to 17 votes in the convention. Ac
cording to the white basis adopted
at the primaries of 1892 it will have
only a votes-a difference of x5
votes. And Tensas is not the only 1
parish that will suffer, for many I
others are in the lame fix. The i
State Central Committee will meet
within the next few months and the ,
question of apportionment wiil be .
settled. It is to be hoped that it s
will respect the expressed will of a
large majority of the party and that
it will do away with the accursed
system of basing Democratic repre
sentation upon negro votes, which
arc sometimes never cast.
It Democracy means anything in
Louisiana it means white suprema
cy. The party may divide npon n
questions of finances, but it cannot t4
afford to disagree upon the neces- 0
sity of white rule. Let the repre- 2
sentation be cut down half if ne- t
cessary, but every delegate should i
represent a white constituency. The c
white people of Lafayette, Calca- tl
sieu and V'ermuilion will never agree ,
to be dictated to on questions of ei
party policy and party nominations I
by the ignorant negroes of Ouachi- i
ta *nd Morchouse. i
Subscribe for The Gazette. is
. .
ADR. ýir4 EA' ',RESIGAb-J
ofI2 n
en he foll.v.-ag i e leading '#d,
ed riao of t q ines Prbtect.f
ofJuse 5. t is grtatifying. to the'
u.- friends of Dr. Mayer in. this parish
he to know that in the few years of his
ot enforced residence in the parish of
!n Plaquemines the 'made so many
mg friends that his " resignation was
he made thesaubjaI of an editorial.
ce It is with extreme regret that The Protec
tor has to cronicle the resignation of l)r.
Fred J. Mayer, assastant -quarantine physi
n- clan, of the Msssissppi River statlon, which
was tendered last week. Dr. Mayer has
proven to be a most eflicient and capable
as oflicial and has devoted himself to the duties
of his position, keeping in view the require
t. ments of an untrammeled commerce as well
.re as the thorough'protection of the Mississippi
Valley from disease from abroad. He has
n- always endeavored to reduce to a minimum
in the hardships that quarantine must necessa
s rily impose upon commerce in so far as it
was entirely consistent with absolute safety.
IV At the last meeting of the Louisiana State
SMedical Society in New Orleans he, as
- chairman of the "Section on Quarantine,"
fi- read a most instructive report that met with
the hearty commendation of the scientists
- and sanitarians there assembled.
as He presented forcibly the merits of formic
:d aidehyde as a most valuable succedaneum to
sulphurous acid gas now so successfully em
te ployed in disinfection with the methods per
fected by that prince among sanitarians, Dr.
r- Joseph Holt, the pioneer in the science of
ill modern maritime sanitation.
d Dr Mayer's retirement is the more to be
deplored as it occurs at the opening of the
ol season of greatest danger from impo ted
disease.
ar Wherever his pathway may lead, his
le friends in this parish will wish him a most
heartfelt, Godspeed.
JUDGE' POCHE.
1e Judge Felix Pierre Poche, one of
1 the most distinguished sons of
Louisiana, died at his home in New
Orleans last Sunday. Judge Poche
served on the supreme bench of
1e this State and it was in that capa
o city that he displayed those qualh
ties that at once stamped him as a
great jurist. A man of profound
e learning and unerring judgment he
y made a record second to none of
n the many eminent men who served
L- as members of that august tribunal.
As his name indicates, Judge
n Poche was what is commonly called i
a s Creole. It was probably for this
reason that he was selected to de
liver an oration on the "Acadians
W of Louisiana" on Creole Day at the
n New Orleans centennial exposition. f
That address was a most brilliant
y effort and will always rank with the
best literature on that subject.
e Judge Pcchc's death was learnt I
e with regret by a host of people who I
h admired his noble qualities and ap
preciated his great talent. He was
e not much of a politician and was
not an office seeker. In the
troublous times of t .e reconstruc- I
e tion era he was always found in the
e thickest of the fray, using all the r
power of his splendid abilities and f
- tireless energy to rid the State of
the negro-Republican curse. At
s the convention of x879, held in
New Orleans, he was a prominent
s figure, and be it said to his everlast
n ing credit that as chairman of the
e committee on the elective fran
r chise he stood for the rights of the
poor man and made a successful
s fight for universal suffrage.
s Louisiana may well mourn the
v loss of a valuable citizen who
s served his country ably and faith
- fully in war and in peace.
EN1GLAND WILL NOT ACT. e
Omaha World-Herald. b
t England's consent would be ab- f
solutely necessary to an interna- s
tional agreement, and England's s
consent is not possible, because I
England in these matters is, and e
. will be, dominated by the im
mensely wealthy money classes who A
lend the millions of concentrated s
wealth to the borrowers of theI
world. However much the masses 1
of England may long for relief from It
the grinding evil of monometallism,
Great Britain will not yield it.
Honest bimetallists in the United
States have reached the conclusion, A
however, regretfully, that bimetal- A
lism in this country is only possible C
by positive and independent action,
without waiting for the aid or con
1sent of any nation on earth. They ti
believe that any possible evils S
which can result from remonetiza
tion of silver will unly be tempo- T
rary, and will be much less serious '
in their nature than the ills we now b
endure as the result of gold mo- ri
nometallism. o
RIGHT TO ORGANIZE. em
Florida Times-Union. ha
Has labor a right to organize? In
This is the question that is decided Fi
negatively by thE court that sen- t
tenced Eugene V. Debs to impris- t
onment. The hand of the federal
government has been raised to
crush labor. It is a-fearful under- P
taking. Labor has the votes, and
tf the fight is forced, it will not he di
crushed. A bill was introduced in TI
the last Congress to provide for a
settlement of labor troubles by -a
commission, appointed by the gov
ernment. It was introduced too di
late for passage. Under the rul
ing of the courts its speedy passage
is imperatively necessary. Every pi
day that present conditions prevail cl
is a day of danger. j h
C Clemnil..e Cary.
Atter prohibition had been car
Sried in a town m Kentucky, a milk
man said to Rev. G. R. Stuart one
day, that he wished he could havey
Y gone on the rounds with. him after
s the saloon men left the town. As
he stopped to the house of a man
. who had formerly been a good pat
ion of the bar-room, a little
- daughter said to him, "We want a
quart of milk morning."
"Oh, no, ý don't," said he,
, "you haven't been taking a quart
- for a year."
"'Mamma, mamma, come here,"
called out the child.
The mother came to the door and
said, "Yes, we will take a quart
this morning."
As the rich foam came up over
, the top of the measure, the little
girl of the man, now sobered up by
$ prohition, said:
"The saloons are go+ne, and pa
pa's quit drinking, and we are going
to get a quart of milk every morn
ing."
May we see the day, and may it
f not be for oft, when many a poor
child, now robbed by the whiskey
traffic of necessary comfort, will be
able to say, "The saloons are gone
and we are going to get a quart of
milk every morning."
The Polyglot ]Petition.
The big polyglot temperance peti
F tio(n of the World's W. C. T. U.,
which has been'in the'vault of a
Washington Safe deposite company
since last February, when the meet
ings in connection with its presenta
tion to President Cleveland and
Congress were held, will shortly re
sume its journey around the world.
It will be due at the monster meet
ing that is to be held in London,
Sunday, June z6, and the demons
tration (,which will accompany its
exhibition in Albert Hall, in that
city, two days later. The Steamer
Berlin of the American line has
been chartered to carry the petition
and such American delegates as
will accompany it. After the Lon
don convention the delegates will go
to Grindenwald to participate in a
temperence convention now being
arranged by Rev. Dr. Lunn. In
August the petition will be taken to
Chr:stiana,Stockholm, Copenhagen,
and St. Petersburg, and in the au
tumn to the capitals of all the coun
tries bordering on the Mediterranean
Sea. That is as far as the program
has been definitely arranged, but
later the central countries of Europe
are to be visited, and afterwards
Australia, Africa, and Asia:
The man who votes for license
has no good reason to complain Af
tramps, paupers, criminals and
maniacs. These are the legitimate
fruits of his vote. -The People.
TO THE PARMER, HOME-SEEK
ER, AND TRAVELER.
Contemplating a trip WVest or
East, the Southern Pacific Co.'s ad
vantages are worthy of considera
tion. We can save you time and
you can save money by asking any
of her representatives for the infor
mation you desire relative to Ticket
Rates, Routes, Time, etc. We
especially call your attention to the
train service, which comprises the
latest modern improvements in
equipment. Her road-bed is the
best in the South, and her facilities
for Speed, Safety and Comfort as
sure you of a pleasant journey and a
safe arrival at your destination.
Her trains run through all the larg
est cities in Louisiana, Texas, New
Mexico, Arizona and California.
At New Orleans her trains connect J
with all Railroad and Steamship
Lines for the North and Northeastt
Through Pullman Sleepers of the
latest design and Pullman Tourist
Sleepers between New Orleans, Los
Angelos and San Francisco. Her
courteous employes will aid the trav
eler and solicit your patronage.
Apply to nearest Southern Pacific
Agent or write to S. F. B. Morse.
G. P. & T. A., New Orleans, La.
Are Western People Fanatical ?
The charge has been so often macie in t
the press that the people of the Western C
States are fanatics on the financial and other
questions, that a writer has seriously cons,- b
dered the grounds of it in the June Arena.
The writer, J. K. Miller, is a Western man,
and he is evidently of good old Yankeea
blood, for he makes his points like a keen, h
shrewd Yankee lawyer. And one that goes
right home is this. We are told over and ri
over again, he says, by the most influential '
statisticians and other authorities, that the b
enormous movement of western immigration
has resulted in delpleting the native elemnent I
in the Eastern States, and that their, ranks
have been filled by foreign emigrants, i
French L.anadians, Irish and Germans. If b
this is true, he asks, it is not a little start
ling to lay it down as a political principle,
that the native born American people born ii
under the much-lauded institutions of Ame
rica are less capable of exercising intelli-
gent judgment upon questions of public
paolicy than are their adopted bretthren in
the Eastern States, so recently from quite b
different political and social institutions. o
This is a home thrust at such oracles as Mr. c
E. L. Godkin of the New York Evening p
Post, who also halls from across the sea.
It is strange how some preachers
delight in lying about President
Cleveland. As soon as one lie is ex
ploded theie bobs up another so
called-mir.ister with a -new false
hood. nt
-or d nicabed t ' -
edar her ,ller's @ id ce in
ncro Ju S IS, at 3  n' .,
a. dt of O. haux
an Carptii m ' Dooley, age fteen
- years and three months.
Death,. always coming unawa es,
e strike indiscriminately, at all of us
m ;ortals and yet never can we look
at a funeral train withcut a shudder,
a without surprise; aye without. the
- vibration of that tender chord of
a affiliation which binds us to each
other. It is sad under all -circum
stances. An invalid son, a life
t rongmsuffering daughter is sna-tched
even with the deepest lamentations
from a weeping father and mother,
but why weep they when in their
t neighbor's home a fair flower, a
blooming rose, is plucked in its
r prime, cut away by the cruel hand
of death, blasting a father's bright
est hopes, rending a mother's ten
- derest heart, taking away happiness
from an qntire household, casting a
veil of sorrow over devoted friends
and parents. Such was the sad
scene that shadowed the Robichaux
home by the death of poor little
Anna, a child whose heast was pure
and true, whose dispositions were
becoming only to the noblest of
mortals. Beloved by all who knew
her, she was accompanied to her
last resting place by a sorrowing
father and mother and a host of
loving, devoted friends.
Election Notice.
An election has been ordered by the council of the
town of Lafayette and will be held at the court house
I Monday the first day of July. 1895, by the qualified
electors residing in and upon the lots or lands which
are adjacent and contiguous to the territorial corpo
rate limits of the town of Lafayette for the purpose
of determining whether they desire that said lots or
lands be annexed to and included in the territorial
corporate limits of said town, the land aforesaid ly
ing and being situated between the territorial corpo
rate limits of said town and the boundaries of said
lots or lands established and accurately described by
the survey made by Romain Frances. parish sur
veyor. on the 28th day of May, sg895, and ereinafter
specifically described.
Boundaries of the lands proposed to be 'annexed.
fixed by said survey of May t., c895.
starting at the bridge on the coulee
west of the said town, between the properties of
Henry Hohorst and Anita Hohort,. wife of Dr.
Franklin Mouton. and running from thence along
said coulee N. 86. E. a small ash 33ft. N. 67. E.
a small ash 36 ft. thence N. tl, - a. 3oo ft in Hohorst's
pasture, thence N. ts a, E. 3oo ft. thence i22. E.
tTo ft in cemetery soo t, thence N. sB. E. 389 ft.
thence N. i854, E iso ft. from C'y. to MrsJudice's
place 47 ft. thence N. W. 8 thence N. so,
F. 300 ft. to S. E. corner ofArthur Greig's property.
thence N. 9. E. o623 ft to the big ditch. 0oo to public
road leading to Scott, u553 ft to the L. W. railroad.
2653 ft to the N side of said railroad, thence E Loa ft
thence S. 77, E. 660 It to the Morgan road (L. W.
1)ivision: iaSo ft to center of Morgan road, e6o ft to
the public road leading to Breaux Bridge, 182o ft in
to Dr. F. S. Mudd's field. 382o ft to the S. W. corner
of his garden. 3mo S. about 75 tt beyond Dr. Mudd's
residence. 4o00 t in Dr. Mudd's back lot thence S.
43 'i2 ft a. from 1)r. M~udd's to the public rad lead
il to iBreaux Brildge. 90 ft to Mentor Richard's
lot lofo into Crow eirard's land t79o ft. to
stake: thence S. 55 de rees. W. 70
ft between the properties of ickerson and D.
A. Cochranc. 840 ft to I)owdell's property, 864 ft to
the stake, thence S I7 W., 89o ft public road to Char
gis. 950 ft to red oak (a ft in diameter.) thence S. 46.
W. i05o ft to N. K. corner of round-house yard. s52o
t to nmain line Morgan railroad. 8ao it to Mfouton's
addition, thence S. ap. W. 1414 ft to oak lane. 265o
to public road leading to Pin Hook, thence N. '49 .
int:luding said public hoad and following thte same
ioa ft to a coulee in front of the residence of lits.
S id. M. F.. Girrd. thence S. 54, to the S. F.
crrner of Sirs. Girard's garden. thence S. 76 , . in
Mrs. Girard's pasture, ooo ft in Dr. Frankiin Mouo
ton's field, thence N. 85 W. 462 ft an oak (a feet in
di:tometer) S. of Ir. Moouton's barn Soo to the coulee.
thllnce following aio coulee to the bridge the start
ing point N. 1it 586 It.
Territorial corporate limits of the Town of lafay
ette: Ieginning at a point on the coulee west of
titvn at its intersection with the street aroning east
and west in the Mills' addition, between the lots
twenty and twenty-three, in the plan made by John
Campsell.United States surveyor. March nineteenth
eighteen hundred and fifty-six, and running east
to the intersection of said street with Jefferson
street. thence south Jefferson street to Mrs. Charles
MUnton's line. and following that line to the western
linmilts of A. Mlouton's field, inclosure or ditch, and
following that ditch south to its intersection with the
line of Third street and its continuation to the coulee
west of the Town. and following the middle of said
coulee to the point of begining.
To the quatified electors residing in and upon the
lots or lands lying and being situated between the
limits and boundaties aforsaid. the following propo
tition is submitted, to be voted on at said election:
Whether they desire that the foregoing described
lands shall be annexed to and included in the terri
torial corporate limits of the Town of Lafayette. so
as to constitute a part thereof, and be subject to the
jurisdiction control, and authority of said Town, a
fully and to all intents and purposes as if the same
had been originally included in the territorial corpo
rate limits thereof as fixed by act of the Legislature
of 2836. incorporting said Town.
Every property owner voting at said election is re
quested to write or procure his name to be written on
his ballot so that the result may readily be ascertain
ed whether a majority in value as well as in number
of the qualified electors residing on said lands, vot
ing atsaid election: have voted to annex and include
the lands atorsaid in the territorial corporate limits
of said town. 1he electors shall vote by ballot and
the ballots used at said election shall be of white pa-.
per upon which shall be written these words, "For
the proposed annexation." 'Against the proposed
annexation." The vote shall be counted for or
against the proposed annexation as cast, but in every
case when the name of the voter appears on his ballot
the commissioners shall keep a record of how he voted
opposite his name on the list of voters. The election
wTll be held tinder the general laws of the State. the
poll will be open from the hour of six in the forenoon
until seven in the afternoon. Messrs. R. C.Creig.
J. Edw. ~artin and Ernest ConRstantin (and in case
oneormore of said commissioners fail or neglect fo
attend, then their places to be filled according to be
General Election laws of this State) have been ap
pointed commissioners of the election, It shall he
the duty el said commissioners to keepa list of the
persons voting at such polling place which list shall
be nnmberedufrom one end to the other, and shall
be signed and sworn to as correct by the Commis
sinners after closing the polls and the votes are -
counted. Ilefore entering upon their duties the com
missioners shall be sworn according to law. If no
onficer authorixed to administer oaths be present tn
administer the oath to the commissioners, it may le
administered by any voter. or if no voter be present.
by the commissioners to each other. The commis
sioners shall proceed to coluit the votes without mov
ing the box tromn the room tir place where the voters
were received, and-in presence of any voter or voters
who otay desire to be present. Tw'o tally sheets shall
he kept of the cotint. the tally sheets shall hsve the
tallies marked in lines from the beginning to the eud
of the page. and the total amount of the tallies shall
he written in figurec immediately after the end of the
tasllies. and in letters, so as to prevent any alteration
thereof, and after.the count is completed, the baltots
cituntod ehall he pot hnat- in the liox, which shall be
immediately sealed, with the harlots therein. As
soon as the votes Iave been cotinted and the bhl;it
box sealed as above stated, the rommissioners shall
make two compiled statements of the votes cast., how
m.tov for and how many against the propnsed an
nexation, with the names of those voting for or
against annexntint when their name appear on their
ballot, n record ol which shall also be kept on the
list of voters oppnoste the name of each voter sa
nforesaid, also the number of ballots contained in
the hos, the notmhir of ballots tejected, if any, and
the easons therefor. 'The cimtoled statements shall
be sworn to by the commissionter. the oath to be nd
mininittered as before provided, and the compilod
statements, list ol persons votig nond tally sheets,
shall he delivered to the gaytir of said Town. within
forty-eight hours after closing the poll at such elec
tion together with the ballot box witi the ballots
therein contained. At said election and erson shall
be allowed to vote except those qtaliled to vote tin
der the general election laws of tLe State. nnd who
reside in and tpon the lots or lands proposed to be
annexed to and included in the territorial corporate
limits of the Town of Lafayette. A.J.SlCOSS.
lune. .xth. s893. Islayyor.
Noticec.
I foun.l roaming in my pasture a small
brown Crcole pony which I had bargaincd S
off about a year ago to some Jylpsies. Owner
can secure same by proving ownership and
paying costs. JACQty'tr s Ct l.btsso5.O
Mlay 2S, 1895
-W BERNARD,
BARBER, SHOP,
])OM EwT;A UX BUILI.DInG,
ntier So. Pac. l)cpot, n--22
Machitne-Sawed; & Spilt Ash
Stove Wood.
Cypress and Pine Kindling.
All Orders Promptly Attended to.
LAFAYETTE, -... -. -- LOULISiAA.
Off1ce and Yard near R. R. Depot.
045- .
Oheamberdaits Eye ean skin Oiatment
I ns alHed for Ecsma, Tetter= Salt
Ha,l Itehig Plies, na,-Frst te
Ch SowSore Eyes and (nulnited .E Lids.
For sale bydruggists at 25 cist per box.
TO wOarS Oowrns.
For putting a horse in a fine healthy con
dition try Dr. Cady's Condition Powderk
They tone up the s7stem, aid digestion, care
locm of appetite, relieve constipation, correct
kidney dimorders and destroy worms, giving
new life to an old or over-worked horse. 25
-eits per package. For sale by druggists.
D. V. Gardebled
PHARMACIST,
and dealer in
Drugs, Patent Medicinces,
Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
Prescriptions carefully -compounded at all
honrs of the day and night. Everything o
be found in a first class drugstore.
ASNext to Falk's Opera House.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN.
L F" I ...J G G I-T8,
-AND DEALERS IN-
Paints, Varnishes; Window Glass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES.
School Books a-:d Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigars
Meliller's Perfumes
Prescript ons Compounded Day & Ng ht
-I-lyg9
"Things of the past are dead buried, and forgotten."
I am now in a position to more than
MEET COMPETITION
I can make good my assertion with the proof. lMy son, HENRY BEN
DEL, lives in New York. This gives me
UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
Over Competitors to Have a
Resident-Buyer
In New York
B. FALK, Lafayette, La.
SPRING fOPENING
--AT-
Mrs John O. Mouton's
Fine Hats And Bonnets,
And all the Millinery Novelties,
Dress Goods, Shoes -
.And Stockings.
ICYCLES.
World, relardlcss of Price.
Are the
h i.hest
of all
)e e . Srh- G
.TWarranted Superior to any icyclle , ln t in the
World, regardless of Price. ou i t
Read the following opinion of one of the most prominent Ae e
rican dealers who bus soult hundreds of these wheels:
wles Fr . s5 ex n et say th ae ttsr wheel ho r ever high grade. m called, that we msl,
Indiana Bicycle Co. know aImAPLr. .us, .... ".
B - LEI.G, Eaclusive Ageont, Iafayette, La.
(Opp P 1. Depot.;)
* . . .'rnIL.. Prop.
byb wel.A"1r day. Meals at all
wuvs. Rates very reasonable.
LAFAVETTE, - - LA.
C. A. Voorhies,
Address: Derbi.y andl Espla~r.de streets,
NE'N RLEANS.
Repsesents-.
WM. H, LEE & CO.
Wholesnle liquors.
713 "and 7z5 Lucas Avenue, St. LOUIS, Mo.
31-ly
Improve Your
. Stock.
By Breeding
to Pure Bred "HOLsTEIN BULL."
Breckinridge.
Fee, $2.50
Pure Bred Jersey Bull,
Beecher.
Fee, $2.50.
Pure Bred Red Jersey Hog, -
OSCAR WILDE.
Fee, $1.00
LJlusal Privsleg of Roturr
AT T. F. MYLES,'
Near Laftsyette, La.