eu `. - dsee to heal and the surgeonm gvmene
up' a a hopelessease. April 1, 1iSS I com
og t pýk Cod4 Sa aruales. After
. )9Id pstb.II the"i ieslm l aeft yPgewae
'm While- taking thee
doglanI the wound at the hip entrel* healed.
-I d. third bottle made me feeoo well a ewvr.
rpr O byhA. aIn. L LWest Wawoath, N. Y.
e dlgewlo Si eweb hee.
CoucHS, COLDs,
SIPErNT w lONSMPTIN.
LOUIs COOK. NEw OLasws, says: "'. t gives P
zregeatpleasure tobe able to say that ·ocock'. p
aigh leir is the best preparation focoeugh aý
md colds o ever used-and have used a good
many.. I cheerfully redommend it." ti
_ _it
-SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS. I
PRICEl.EY, Oo. 8.0Bo. c
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & O w
- ew O@deo . In. a,
The Greatest Medical Discovers
of -the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCO VERY,
DONALD KENNEDY, OF ROXIURY. MASS.,o
Has discovered in one of our .ommon a'
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every sc
Jind of Humor, iPm the worst Scrofula a
down to a commo wIimple. hi
He has triel it in over eleven hundred w
cases, and never failed except in two cases w
(both thunder humor); He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. bm
A benefit is always experienced from th
the first bottle and a perfect cure is war- P3
ranted when the right quantity is taken. ai
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains like needles passing to
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This Is caused by the ducts being th
stopped, and always disappears in a wee g
after taking It. ge
If the stomach Is foul or bilious it will ne
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat El
the best you can get, and enough of it. me
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed- b.
time. Read the Label. Send for Book. w
Ti
McELREES' 3.
WINE OF CARDUI.i ,
m4
fee
lal
cat
pie
cal
sal
of 1
ron
the
o the
For Fallmiale Blaeases. the
whi
T-HE JUDO s n th ini
WORLDe S COLU., BIAN EOSITe ION ha
Have Imade the
> MISIHE8T AWARDS m'
· ~sedals mand Diplomas) to
R BAKER £ :0.
BREAKFAST COCOA--.-.- I.inve
Premiazm No. 1, Choeolate, . . . e
- yearna. s oalate, - - . - Ia ii
41erma Sweet Choeolate, . mar
a-d * ormn even composition.* Ri
eOrr
put
plan
bite
t y stream tess thios on ew n
i; ty in having loot bridges aereu; 1
Salmost any stream 'less than one hun.
dred feet in width. Poets are set frmly.
in toys. o-.ad1from foar to - ten qeis
"bac roila the margin of `the ateahm,
as show in the illustration, from a
seatehb y L. D. SBook. -Against thfse
posts is ghlaee a strong piece of timber
of some diieable wood. around which
are Armly secured the ends qe the wire
intended for the bridge support. A
lflty-foot bridge req mires Ne. or I
gaunge annealed fence placed from sin
to eight inches apart, always rememn
bering that the shorter and narrower
the bridge, the less weight in foot a
boards it will be obliged to support, 1
consequently the more durable it will I
prove. The wires should not be drawn a
too tightly, but should have a curve of I
about ten inches in a fifty-foot bridge. t
Make the floor of some light, durable a
wood one inch thick and four inches Is
width. Commence laying at one end, a
~ fatening each end of the board to the a
pte outside wire with a. staple driven unm .
DoM. derneath. Place the boards one inc e
sepr apart. I
The posts should be. about four fee! t
I:n 'height, over which are strung hand I
wires firmly secured to anchor posts sa
role shown. Short guy wires are placed
every few feet and connected with the
. outside foundation wires; these not c
only add to the supporting strength ofi
the structure but prevent the bridge t
swaying in heavy gales. It. heavy 2
stones are placed near the posts fol a
the cross-timber to rest against the i
OBID
po*ts may in a few years be used to re
are low r1ise the end timbers so thai
Ie
ra
structure will prove more durable. of
Rapidly-growing trees planted near the hien
cr posts may in a fewyears be used to re- th
wires place paintedthem. Where the embankments br
areoundlow raise the esupportd timbers so that m
the foot wires will be in no danger ol I.
injury by floodwood during freshets. ml
If short sections of two-inch gaspipe br
u used for all the posts and for the end en
crosspiece, and once in five years the th
S ires are painted where they are warped th
around the end support, the bridge de
will prove good and serviceable for an
I fifty years.-American Agriculturist. an
wl
SOLID SALT ROAD. mi
be
Eight Mlles of DIIoeult Engineertna
Acrdss Death Valley.
The grading a road of solid salt was So
until recently an unexpected task its
engineering and is thus described by i
is one of its operators: In what is knows
,n as Death valley we found a stretch o: cr
y solid salt about eight miles across. I tcle
a a sense it was level. There were nc the
hills or valleys. In another sense there
d was scarcely a level square inch on the an
1 whole beds, for the salt crust had. ate
probably through the influence of healt
º from above and of the moisture fron as
below, been torn and twisted anc SPI
n thrown up in the most jagged peaks, An
r pyramids and crisscrossed ridges im inm
aginable
a They were not high-none more thatn m
9 four feet-but there was not a level
r space even for a man's foot between
them. Every step made was on a rag. Hl
ged point or edge of same kind. The
nearest approach to anything like that A
I have ever seen was on the ice of Lake tioi
t Erie. where two fields had been jam- cist
med together by the windepd held sc in
Sby the frost. The ragged ice masses the
were somewhat like these salt masses dial
They were larger, but they were not and
so sharp or in any way so difficult to thel
cross othe
Judging that the crust would sustain inal
the weight of the wagons the work- ug.
men swung the sledgehammers day tere
after.day until they had beaten down ala3
these pinnacles into a smooth way six bric
feet wide. It was perhaps the most met
laborious engineering work ever done an c
in the country, for the climate and lo- fron
cation, far fromn civilized habitations, wou
combined to retard the efforts of the
workmen. The roadway when com-of a
pleted led over what may be properly the
called a natur'lly formed bridge of whe
salt eight miles long-the only bridge feet
of the kind in the world.
As one enters the easterly end of this days
road two unmarked graves are seen in 1i ;
the salt crust near the track. They are brici
the graves of unknown men who died in ui
there from the heat, and after the ence
fashion of the country were buried lowi
where they fell They were covered crac
with pieces of salt broken from tl;e have
pinnacles near by. The crust was too tr
hard to warrant digging into it. One
must travel a long time to find two
more graves like these, it indeed two Wi
more can be found in the world.-Age and
of SteeL pert
of fo
HORTICULTURAL NOTES. peril
-same
Mo0ar spent for good trees is well and
invested if they are cared for after breec
setting. cons
Ir beat ef all fruits are grown, there per 1
Is little tanger of overstocking the did
market. theb
LI order to keep up a supply of small cows
fruit. plant several varieties which flow
ripen -4 different times. most
Ri'-c is good for a young orchard and at tb
if is near the poultry yard will of m
a- hn excellent winter pasture for a g
fowls. Homl
THanow dish water around fruit trees,
enrrants, gooseberries, etcs Cobee Ti
grounds are said to be valuable when has
put around shrubbery and flowering wes
plants. thist
Por protecting fruit trees - from rab- allie
bits probably the easiest and certainly more
a very efeetive method is to rub axle rop.
greae on the trunk. Or in the early troda
part of the sesson kill a rabbit, eat it ance
4peu and rb thie raw flesh on thdbark. man
f.'the -winter is very sever thisi will that
otoo.k the otrees. Piading the trupk it, an
* oinj:·ti peioibsl t dv ms
abou~t mad beneath them. -The esom.
''l' llQstkari, shows a midi.k t,
." was W panee by. 1,. a1Snook
hoar JlojI urpos% At is so ..mple and
`rmers bat -' one.
.Portbesiss of a table needd .ie Ave o
. n :cws, out f egse-or supports, two
btoot ad one-hat feet ,In length, frmIn three
sott, by four-inch hard wood stuff, and firm
wil ly nail to the side of one end of these
awn a-bosrd at least eight inches wide, to
S otin the sides of the table. Along the
g top edge of eah end drive wire fence
able staples, one and one-half feet innches part,
a 13 with about a'. quarter of an inch of
end, staple left projecting. Throughstbese
the staples tightly string No. it galvanized i
um, wire lengthwise of the table, as shown, t
inch making all splices near the staples, to ]
produce a smooth surface- in the cen
fee! tsr. For every four feet in length nail 0
Land a cross-piece or support. The proper 0
:s as width is for -three rows of pans, and I
iced by a little calculation the cross pieces
the Can be located between the cross rows ti
not of pans. Hence no wood work will be
2 oi within several inches of them. Should n
Ldge the space be limited, a two-story table t'
av3 may be used by increasing the length y
fos of the legs and using a four-inch board t
thy for the upper sides, in which case only
two rows of pans will prove more con
venient to place in position and re
move, unless the space between the
two tables be Inereased, which is easily
done. By using the best galvanized "
staples and wire these tables will last ec
manyyears and.in' most sections wire m
can be obtained almost as cheaply as Si
the pine boards. Milk thus set cools a
as quickly as if hung in mid-air. -Amer- 0o
lean Agriculturist.
ti
WOMEN AS MILKERS.
Why They Are to Be Preferred to Hem va
Whes Tiey Can Be sad.
A correspondent in the Country cl
Gentlemen says: lie
We have several- times had an ar- uz
rangement with wives of our tenants si.
le. for milking morning and evening, and sn
bhe have paid ten cents for each service- ar
re that is twenty cents per day. This is pr
ita based upon an hour's service at each pc
'at milking, at the rate of one dollar for a sn
of day's work. In an hour's time a good tic
t. milker ought to milk ten cows. on
br There are several reasons why womr- al
nc en are to be preferred for milkers when me
he they can be had, or when a portion of gl.
ed the force can be women. Their natural
i dexterity is greater than that of men, 'tv
or and they will milk with more rapidity wv
and with greater ease to the cows, in
which means that they will get more wi
milk. and the udders of the cows will wi
be kept in better condition. col
ME The presence of women at milking wl
time checks rude conversation and and
boisterous conduct, and the quieter the the
stable can be kept the better, especially pre
3 if you have any nervous cows. The men ves
are not apt to neglect the thorough th.
°f cieanang of the stalls or brushing of onI
the cows in the occasional absence of sty
iC the proprietor if they know that wom- be
re en are to aid in the milking. The
d average man, born, or long resident in for
d this country, looks upon every woman me
as a lady, and entertains for her a re- un
n spectful courtesy which keeps him up- act
IC on his good behavior in her presence. lig
a, Anyone will be making a good move in ron
n' iniroducing as many women as he can
among his milkers. sils
el A CHEAP CISTERN. sor
°n fru
Built by an Eastern Farmer at a Cost of
Eight Dollsrs. bri
A Pennsylvania farmer tells the Na- tio'
tionsl Stockman how he built a cheap te
cistern. lie struck a circle seven feeton
in diameter and dug down three feet,
then another circle one foot less in mai
! diameter and dug three feet farther get
and broke down the sides to a slope; mo
t nd
c then with a five-foot circle he went an
other three feet and cut away again, hdr
making the cistern in the form of a is
jug. The sides and bottom were plas- is a
tered with cement directly upon the mor
n clay, and the top was arched over with fe
brick packed up with sand and ce
t ment, and a tile was put in to serve as m
an overflow pipe about eighteen inches ma
from the top. As the average diameter a
would be a little more than six feet,
it would require nearly seven barrels
of water for each foot in depth below on
the overflow pipe, over fifty barrels
when the water was seven and one-halt
feet deep. T
His figureMjor the cost were: Two mr
days' labor. 69; one-half days of mason, te
Oi; two bairels of cement. 2.50; 400 m
brick, 62.40; total, 87.90. It has been ef
in use ten years and is as good as ever pos
e2eepting near the top, where he al- ali
lowed it to freeze, and the cement the
cracked and pulled off, which couldmer
have been prevented by covering with lars
straw or other material.
Cest ft MIlk Prodetlon. alto
With a fairly good herd, carefully fed har
and kept, milk can be produced for Oc minj
per Owt. and fat for I6e. per lb. for cost larg
of food consumed, says the Cornell ex- he
periment station. Individuals of the
same breed vary more widely in milk vem
and butter prodriction than do the ve
breeds themselves. Larger animals vets
consumed less pounds of dry mhatter t
per 1,000 lbs. live weight per day than itt
did the smaller animals. In general a
the best yields of fat were obtained from ue
cows that gave at least a fairly large wol
flow of milk, and cows consuming the o
most food produced both milk and fat som
at the lowest rate. For the production a
of milk and fat there is no food so cheap
as good pasture grass. -- Farm and
eHome. t
T no-alled Russias thistle, which tribu
has become such a. pest in the north- gravi
western states, Is not properly a yet o
thistle at all, but an ananeal, nesrly from
allied to the saltworta It has done simap
more than 63,000,000 damage.to the walls
erops last year. It was sacidentally in- keep
troduneed s·erventeen yesxr ao in some sh
raseed. inportebd from ssia by a egg b
ma, n c ctland, S. D. Itias estimated weigl
that it will cost 68,000,o00 to eadicas sure.
ass " - . ,"e -e--a
-I. -., .
-.... .,
h tfeature t .ii.... -
he ha o hildren is .li st eved
"ari 4their married iif, -but In the.
m n onths after, that foeur wereL
Od bor and -tn"he nbet - fitire .y.ars
fifteen more were born. There-were
Fi pes"?EIqrof twins among the nine
Ol teihildySiL
- -Young men who were exploriat an
immense cavern in Harding county,
Ky., a few days ago, found in one room
five human skeletons and in another
place a decayed box contalning two
diamond rings: three pistols and a -lot
of earrings and bracelet. Witth the
skeletens were two watches marked
respectively "8. C. A." and "'8 J.
ee McK."
in- -Tekoa. Wash., has adopted the ball
ese and chain punishment for trimpa and
to its first application is interesting. The
dhe tramp was made fast to a ball and chain
e and put to work on the street. While
rt. his guard was.taking a rest the prison
of er picked up the cannon ball and start
ese ed to walk out of town with it. He
:4 was captured, however, and was penal
rn ized for his attempted escape by having
to three balls and chains attached to him.
in- -Ex-Treasurer Alfred ID. Goodrich,
all of Connecticut, has made a collection
of portraits of the treasurers of that
nd state who have served since 1769. The
number is thirty-one, and the collec
be Of these, likenesses cannot be obtained,
lid nor can any be obtained of the eight
se treasurers who officiated before that
th year. The collection is to be hung in
rd the treasurer's office in the state cap
ly itol in Hartford.
l- -Rabbi Solomon Schindler considers
the orphan asylum ideal and says it
he would be well if the world would fit
ty itself to the asylum. He is inclined to
wish for the death of all poverty-strick- e
at en parents in order that their children
re might have the benefit of training in
as such institutions. It is stated by good
ls authority,however,that children turned
out by orphan asylums do not, as a *s
rule, succeed in holding their own in
the struggle for existence. Thesuper
intendent of ono asylum said: "My br
pupils never learn to understand the
m value of money." an
-The posted list of most New York inS
y clubs is a business barometer. Such
lists are unusually long and their items
r- unusually persistent in times of depres
ta sion. But with the return of business Se
id sunshine they melt like snow at the tel
- approach of spring. It is a point of yo
is pride with some men never to be thus tel
h posted for debt, but doubtless there are -
a snobs who contemplate with satisfac- wI
d tion the appearance of their names Bil
once a month on the bulletin board hot
I. along with the names of distinguished can
n men in whose company they would be
,f glad to be seen upon any terms. his
,l -Can anyone make black white?- tin
,, 'twould seem so. A piebald colored "T
y woman in a police court; turned white the
;, in spots, gave the reporters a clew by dot
e which they discovered a young woman -
LI who makes a business of decolorizing wil
colored folks by applying an ointment not
p which actually takes off the cuticle sav
d and the pigment beneath, so that after enc
e the subjects are cured of the scalding tog
v process the tint is much lighter. It is
a very painful and costs five dollars, but hus
h the operator claims to have bleached Mr
f one thousand already. She also Inc
I straightens out kinky hair so it may ing
- be brushed and parted. ng
-One of the latest uses of aluminum is oTe
, for cooking utensils. An expert of the
metallurgical laboratory of Lehigh -
university says, after two years of dlel
actual experience, that in point of caU
lightness, cleanness, durability and all- ern
round adaptability, vessels of alumi- per,
num are the perfection of cooking uten- the
sils. He instances two boilers which -B
have been in daily use for cooking all -
sorts of food, for preserving, stewing the
fruits and the like and are to-day as this
bright as new and have not lost a frac- Hai
tion of weight. One weighs one pound hay
twelve and a half ounces and the other kne
one pound seven ounces. I in
-"A number of my friends," said a suc]
I man of moderate means, "appear to be -
getting on bravely in life, and shaking as h
money. Among them is my friend the box
undertaker. He used to drive a single "wi
horse to a plain black wagon,but now he serv
drives a pair of horses to a wagon that wit]
is as plain as ever in color, to be sure. who
but which is larger, more costly, and not]
more elaborate in design, and so per- I as
feet in construction that it moves
smoothly and silently. I grudge no
man his prosperity: it never worries "WI
me that my friend the nmerchant makes * Sbh
a dollar from my purchase, but I ain her
grateful that I have been called upon o
for no contribution to the prosperity g
of my friend the undertaker." The
ielvets That Are Part wool coal
The handsome velvets called velours Iste
miroir owe their depth and richness of ever
texture to a by no means insignificant a*
amount of woolen worked up into their
weft and warp. It would be almost im- 8r
possible to obtain a similar effect with- delpi
allsilk,and certainly notfvithout double
the expenditure of raw material. F'or
merly it was necessary to give six dol
lars and eight dollars a yard for a really I'
effective velvet, and now three dollars ter.
will purchase a yard of velours miroir
altogether superior in appearance and T
hardly a whit more heavy. For trim- a
mings cotton-back velvets are used Tm
largely, but their weight precludes willim
their being chosen for dress materials -Eb
when the buyer can afford to pay for
something better. ~Most of the figured ladP
velvets-the embossed and chiseled vel- wise 1
vets-intended for the most part for Blatte
outer garments, are either interwoven
with wool or cotton, more often the shTal
latter, and the striped and other fig- Wice
ured velvet dress materials are fre- apolia
quently mixed with a slight amount of
wool, the exceptions being the hand- THE
some and costly watered velvet and the E,
velvet brocades-stuffs of which ele
gant dinner toilets, reception and even- Wsl
ing robes and gorgeous opera wraps must
are made -Dry Goods Economist. Ter
Sow Bird's Eggs Are Shaped. API
Dr. .Nicalsky, of St. Petersburg, at- banu
tributes the form of birds' eggs to
gravity. He thinks that every egg not nan
yet costed with :a solid shell departs Horn
from the spherical form and elongates,
simply because of pressure on it by the Gn
walls of the ovary. In birds which hn
keep a vertical position when sat rest
(such as the iBreon and owl), t:fa ot "Do
egg rbecomes short through the bird's t
weight aoting.agtinast tha ovarian pres. eIf
sure. In bipds wh~irlhtke the grebe,
are n_arly sldty jwimmin[,the e _
-71 1 8 1 0. " 6 -7 I 8 1 12 1 I619 10 1 1
then _k_ _iTOIess
two ....I..1 2 8 ...1
he 111291 14 i 11 7 81 1410
k 1819 20 2197 2 29 24 1611 181 2081 21 221
S 282627 28 29 30l81 224 266 27 28 29
t o ... . 80l .. . ....
Lain 8 91011121314 7 8 9910111315
tile 16 16 17 1819 20 21 1415 16 17 18 19120
son- 22 28 24 26 26 27 28 21122 28 24 26 26 127
art- 29 .. 281298081 1
alg MAT NOVEMBER
im . 1 2 8 4 6 .. .. ....128
chi, 6 7 8 9101112 4 56 7 8 910
ion 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 11 12 1814 15 1617
hat 1.21 22 2 24 2526 2 18 19 20 2122 128 24
Cho 2728293081..L. 2626272829180..
.t . .I. I.. .. I... ..I.. . 1
-ed, a
hat 8 46 l 6 89 284567 8
ap- 17 18 19 20 2122 23 16171 192021 22
24 25 26 27 28 29 30 28 24 25 26 27128 29
ite
fit "A LITTLE NOOfSENSE.L"
Cto -Small Boy-"Papa, are two hands
Led -Bric-a-Brae.-A reporter, describ
iug a collection of bric-a-brag, says:
n "The visitor's eye will be struck on en
er- btering the room with a poreelainm- I
e brella."
h -Louisa (at the banjo)-"Is there
anything I can play for you, Mr. Liv- ii
rrk Ingston?" Livingston (sareastically)
cb "That's what I have been trying to ,
ms ind out. Is there?"-Vogue. it
es- -Caller-"Is Miss Sweetie at home?"
s Servant-"No, sir." Caller - "Please
he tell her I called. Don't forget, will
of you?" Servant-"No, sir; I'll go and
ua tell her this minute."-Tit-Bits.
ro -Teacher-"Can any of you tell me
LC- what is meant by home industries?"
es Billy Bright (promptly)-"'jp to our
rd house they're mostly sawin' wood an'
ed carryin' in coal."-Buffalo Courier.
be -"Binkins says his trainer won't let
him smoke cigarettes when he is get
ting ready for a football game." u
ed "That's only right. He wants to leave
to the man some chance for his life,
by doesn't he?"-Washington Star. A
In -"Sir, have you any fault to find
g with this sausage?" "Yes; the ends are
at not quite to my liking." "Why, every
'le sausage has got two ends!" "True
er enough, but this one has them too near B
ig together."-Hirschberger Tageblatt.
it -Mrs. Nimrod-"Are you going out
id hunting again to-morrow, Charlie?"
Mr. Nimrod-"Yes. I think I'll try my
o luck." Mrs. .Nimrod-"W ell, I was go
Yin to say that rabbits are so cheap
now I think you might shoot two."
Texas Siftings.
h -"I don't understand," said the ped
I dler at the street corner, "why they
Scall a poticeman a 'copper.' The gov
ernment makes money out of cop
- per, but I never made a cent out of to
i -Boston Transcript. 1
11 -"And when you told her she was th
g the prettiest women in the world, you ti
Sthink she believed you?" "O, dear, no.u
Had she believed me she never could ,
d have any regard for my intellect. She ch
tr knew I was lying, and also knew that
I must think a good deal of her to tell di
a such a whopper."-Boston Transcript.
e -"I say," said the regular customer,
9 as he stopped at the restaurant cashier's s
e box to pay for the dinner he had had,
e "where did you get that beef you are
e serving to-day?" "What's the matter
t with it?"aggressively asked the cashier,
who scented another row. "Oh, there's
nothing the matter with it; that's why
I asked."
; -Crummer-"Mrs. Van Blune's sup
per was an utter failure." Gilleland
s"'What was the cause?" Crummer-I
"She got so flustered that when giving
her guests seats at the table she placed I
Sgood talkers beside good talkers and
Sgood listeners beside good listeners.
"T'he talkers iouldn't talk, sines they
couldn't do it all,9 and of course the
s listeners had nothing to say, so the
Sevening passed off in silence."-Harp.
er ' Bazaar.
- STAxs to reason-the debater.--.1hill
deiphia Record.
Wans a collector brings a bill round he
always wants it made square.
It's a wise cow that knows its own butf
ter.-Florida Times-Union.
TArE about women being flighty! Look at
bank cashiers.-Texas Siftings.
Ta politician Isn't narrow-minded-he is
willin tot himself into anybody's place.
S- amette.
PorEssoa-"-Vhat a pity that this young
lady has bot hothher arms. the would other-
wise be a real Venus of Milo." -Fliegendo
Tae EirIE. - Mrs. Wickwire-"',Who
shall decide when doctors disagree?" Mr.
SWick'wire-"T.hecoroner, I guess."-Indian-o
ai polis Journal.
TwH burglar is not inclined to be talka
tivo, but he is a great bore when he finds
the safe locked.-1Binghamton Republican.
WVnE o man has no bills against him, he
must feel as if he belongedto the nob-ty.
Texas Sittings.
-
A PLAIIx dinner to-day is better than a
banquet next week.-Treuth.
Boxa men are more afraid of criticism
than a woman is of 'a shotgan.-Ram's
Gsnzt men have large noses, to enable
them to stand the. weatr and tear of the
-grindstone.-Truth.
I "Do you consider your cook real gd ?"'
1tias.- "Weal, no:.few orvey n-dey s e
. - b5' B2av ,.-o baa  t-e ~e -
I nutthne oo da __ert tel. d2. il
use the.."Roy 1: It3 i_
food lighter, sweetedt ot
more digestible and
wholesome. -= =;
We recommend the Royal
Baking Powder as superior to
all others."-United Cooks
and Pastry Cooks' Associ
ation of the United Slates.
I.-
llAB5ARRASS ME''T. -torfowcr-'Tm tom
porarily embarrassed this mornilng. Will
rou lend me ten " Brokor-Don't menttioin
it I should think you would be em
barrassed asking. me for ten when you
haven't paid the live you owe me."-Detroit
Free Press.
"WHAT do the natives do in Africa when
they go into mourning for their relatlves?
Do they wear black?" asked Ms. Portly
Pompous of a returned explorer. "If it is a
very heavy bereavement they simply take
off the few clothes they otherwise wear."
Texas Siftings.
Little Feliws, IBut They Work Hard.
Those diminutive organs, the kidneys, do a
power of work in a state of health. An in
terruption of their functions is most dis
astrous to the systom, and if not remedied,
loads to a surely fatal termination. Hos-.
totter's Stomach Bitters renews their ac
tivity and averts the danger. Besides this,
it conquers rheumatism, dyspepsia, billou
ness, malarial complailts, quiets and
strengthens the nerves.
"IT's queer about Jaywink never taking
his wife out into society any more." "Weoll,
no, it isn't; his doctortold him heshofild not
take anything that disagreed with him."
The Most Pleasant Way
Of preventing the grippe, colds, headaches,
and fevers is to use the liquid laxative
remedy Syrup of Figs, whenever the sya
temo needs a gentle, yet effective cleansing.
To be benefited one must get the true
remedy manufactured by the California Fig
Syrup Co. only. For sale by all druggists
in tee0c. and #1 bottles.
Wnlsrv, if indulged in habitually, Is
sure to spoil a man's countenance. That is,
it will give him a rye face.-Rochester
Democrat.
8chlgmann's Asthma Care
Instantly relieves the. most violent at
tack, facilitates free expectoration and in
sures rest to those otherwise unableto sleep
except in a chair, as a single trial will
prove. Mend for a free trial package to Dr.
R. S'hiffmann, St. Paul, Minn., butask your
druggist first.
PnosnALY few people take so much inter
est in their business as the pawn-brokers.
Boston Commercial Bulletin.
How !h TTano.rT ft -Te !-Whb don't yon
use Hale's Honey of HorchoundL and ''art
Pike r, Toothache Drops Cure in oneminute.
A MAN can't turn round in Central
Ameri,-a without making a revolution.-N.
Y. World.
A tr.mri eater--The museum freak who
swallows tirc.-Philadelphia Record.
A BARRER has a right to lather his wife.
Boston Courier.
of the physical onati
tution often comes
f-.. from unnatural, per
nicious habits, con
S tracted through
ignorance or
from excesses.
-'i Such habits
result in loss
of manly
power, nerv
ous exhaust
Ion, nervous debility, impaired memory,
low spirits, irritable temper, and a thou
sand and one derangements of mind and
bodwly. Epilepsy, paralysis, softening of
the brain and even dread insanity somen
times result from such reckless self-abuse.
To reach, reclaim and restore sfich unfort
unates to health and happiness, is the aim of
the publishers of a book written in plain but
chaste langý ago, on the nature, symptoms
and curability, by home treatment, of such
diseases. This book will be sent sealed, in
plain envelope, on receipt of ten cents in
stamps to pay postge.
Address, World's )ispensary Medical As
bociation, 663 Main St,, Buffalo, N. Y.
1RETTE SOAP QUTR
0C WE SINQ TAE PMAISE
oPir ce CLAIRETTE
FOR IT HAS STOOD WE TEST,
OF ALL TrE sOAPs "OUR GIRLSAAVE 7a ra
Tris "FAIRBANi ISs mlE mrs5.
SCLQoTES SWELL SWaE rT,OUR UNIN -wn
4 TARE  OssE s CLEAn AmA BnRIca
SWINaOnRt 7MIWWn's CLAIRETTE SOAP
. IROANK ,CO--..ST. LOUIS.
PL A ARIS MEDICINE CO.,
St. Louis, Mo.
Gentlemen :
L AIf any one asks you fit -n
will cnar the Grippe, you mayt
Il.ast winter 1 had the Grp
R I Tasteless Chill
wlle ot New r-ipeGr
me in '40 hours. At thE. r
cored myself the
8ECOONID TiU
took two-thfrdg of the lOc bottle.
CURED eý
- s B~oe
A Cowls, ColD o03 501W
not be figlected. B&6wx
Taocazs are a simple rem
prompt reliefl. a2 cts. a bLe.
CnAIACTEa Is onethlngtbttti' btIes
care whether it pays orp t
Flowi
Miss CG.G. MC
teacher, 753 Park Place, N
Y. "This Spring while .a
home teaching my first °.tein a
country school I was y
wretched with that human i y
called dyspepsia. After dieting for
two weeks and getting uio betr, 4
friend wrote me, suggeing :tht I
take August Flower. The very next
day I purchased a bottle. . i. de
lighted to say that August r
helped me so that I have quite re
covered from my indisposi tfoB' 0
HOW ARE YW
Yir.J. W.Johneon. of U M s. M I.sh'.
eatarrb and bvonoblti.. I ailed many. and
OR. nYATT OUAMIES STWIHU
forhi errwresand frntmish me.dtcilin.for 1
than oulcan set them at any dna iiito. t
to FRypm blank F]S3h- I "
Odd Walow. Us rlldir. ]a keisaNsdi.L
AUTs AM
Ely's Creanm Bal
QUICKLY CUBUES
COLD IN HEAD
S.u rleo Cents.
_lbea hn osrll.
NEEDLES, fone 1o.1
SHUTTLE , I 8Oril 'pri }
REPAIRS. 9tb.tLcu~t.e
CaSva wsa ramaawer tme. asma
COamumpetves and people
who have weak lungsor Asth
ma. should use Ptels.Care for.
Consumptlon. It has eread
tImeneadnem. It hes not inuW.
aed one. tila not bid tak:
Itt tbhe best cough my P.
Sold everybernr. se.
A. N. K., F. .1481
WHEN WRITINi TO ADVERTIEA33 PLEASE
state that yeu sr the Advertleemesaf- thiL
taper.