iunderi gar
ut' *pplness; in the
.lrden -seeds at Moss
S~s.. lower seeds, also.
Say; of The Rayne Tr
d as a pleasant visit Mon
e save 25 cents on the dol
. ltading at Moss Brothers &
'friend, Dr. Geo. C. Mouton,
ne, paid us an appreciated
t:Tuesday.
is and Paul Voorhies, the
lknown drummers, were in La
ete this week.
~-r. and Mrs. Hahn spread an
e.* llent. supper in their bonor
"macy night. .
es Maud Boas and Birdie
i)cCord visited their parents in
ew Iberia last Saturday.
<<Gseo. Taylor, an attache of The
C-rowley Signal, was a pleasant visi
--tlrt4o The Gazette office Tuesday.
Plmows, hamies, back-bands, trace
chains, horse and mule collars, at
-Moss Bros. & Co's. Lowest prices
in, town.
Collector Bourg informs licens
payers that he is now ready to col
I-ct .their licenses for the year.
---Call at the city hall.
Hon. W. S. Frazee, a very popu
lar gentleman of Opelousas and a
candidate for judge of that district
was in Lafayette a few hours Mon
day.
Miss Marthe Mouton returned
home this week after spending sev
eral weeks very pleasantly among
friends and relatives at St. Martin
rille.
Hon. Thos. H. Lews; of Opelou
sas, was in town Monday. The
gentleman is a firm advocate of
Democratic harmony and is a
staunch believer in white primaries.
T. Paddio and Joe Porter, two ne
gro politicians formerly of this par
ish, but more recently inhabitants
of the Crescent City, were reported
to be in Lafayette lately. Between
now and next April the climate of
this parish. will not be healthy for
negro politicians.
We congratulate Bob Bienvenu,
editor of The St. Martinville Mes
senger, upon the splendid illustrated
edition that he published last week.
Such evidence of public-spirit and
enterprise on the part of a journal
cannot fail to bring about substan
tial returns to the parish where such
a journal is published.
Prof. S. A. Knapp, of Huron
plantation fame, read a paper be
fore the agricultural convention en
titled "The Smaller Industries of
Louisiana." As the professor is a
very able gentlem.an and acquainted
with all phases of agriculture we
would suggest to him the propriety
of reading something on "How to
'Make Sugar Without Paying for
Cane."
A neatly printed card received by
The Gazette -conveyed the an
nouncement that at St. Bernard
church at Breaux Bridge on the
a8th of January Mr. P. Lee Beg
naud, the worthy young editor of
The Valley of the Teche, will lead
to hymeneal altar Miss Germaine
Richard, a charming young lady of
that town.
Mr. P.. L. Lacour and Miss Anna
Cauvillon, one of Avayelles' charm
ing daughters, were united in the
holy sacrament of marriage at Cot
tonport, La., on the 8th instant.
The large'circle of friends and ac
quaintances the groom possesses in
this parish gives the event a tinge of
local interest here, and the felicita
L tions of these go out to the happy
youpg couple as they start on their
journey of wedded life.
Mrs. M. A. Brett, the American
IPhrenologist, will give a lecture
at Falk's Opera House Saturday
night and Sunday afternoon, Jan
riary z5 and 26 respectively. She
-.ill also speak on other reform sub
jects. Her lectures are both enter
ta::iing and amusing. She will read
ourt. ch~aracter, tell your adapta
"'bIlity to business and who you
.hould marry. Come and get your
-ead measured; bring your friends
wwith you. 'Parents, come and get
jo0ur children phrenologized. Pub
"'- examination made during lecture.
dtassion, $ cts; children, xo cts.
e' 4' t id : Biold; '-Sesion, at
At. noon last. Wednesday Hon.
Jnoo. Dymond, of Plaquemines par
ish, called the tenth annual session
of the State Agricultural Society to
order. The ceremonies were open
ed by prayer by Rev. E. Forge of
this place.
Hon. Chas. D. Caffery delivered
the following address of welcome:
MR. CAFFERY'S ADDRESS.
Mr. President and Gentlemen of the Louis
iana Agriculeural Society:
On the part of our local authorities, and
indeed, sirs, on behalf of all the people of
this community, I tender to you here cordial
greeting and a hearty welcome. We take
note of the fact that in the Iselection of La
fayette as your place of meeting there is im
plied a compliment to us of no little signifi
cance, and one which we duly appreciate.
We are glad to have you come, and to hear
for ourselves your discusaions of those great
questions pertaining to the object of your
society, which undoubtedly are of vital im
portance to the whole people.
But apart from our desire to welcome in
our midsts you, and all other visitors, who
may cross our threshold, there is reason all
the more for us to do so when we consider
your calling and the purposes for which you
are organized. You are agriculturists, asso
ciated for the promotion and advancement
of agricultural pursuits in their various
phases, and as such should receive encour
agement and applause from all other classes
and callings. It is not out of place for me
here to say that men of your calling are "of
the salt of the earth;" more than any other
one class do they earn their living by the
sweat of their brow. It is a fact, also,
which no one will dispute. that your interests
are so interwoven with those of the whole
people as to be inseparable. Your success
means prosperity for all, while disaster and
depression in your ranks are felt throughout
the land. When abundant crops and fair
prices reward the farmers' toil, then it is
that all society is benefitted and all mankind
rejoices. This cannot be said of any other
class or calling, it is appliable to you alone.
I take occasion also, Mr. President and
members of the society, to congratulate you
upon the manifest advancement made by ag
riculturists in the path of better, thorough
and scientific farming in this State in the
past few years, and there can be no doubt
that one of the reasons is found in your so
ciety and its work. The systematic endeav
or of earnest, thoughtful men composing
your membership has put Louisiana abreast
of her sister States in this respect and it
.should be the source of universal pride that
such is the case. The application of scienti
fic principles and common sense to practical
farming has brought this about and it is safe
to say, the near future has for you even
more substantial results. Agriculture, it has
been said, involves a larger number of
sciences than any other human employment
or profession, and demands from its follow
ers corresponding study and application.
Your calling, sirs is the oldest and most in
dependent of all pursuits and is first among
the arts in importance, but has been the
last to acknowledge its dependence on
science. A great English painter was once
asked with what h_ mixed his paints and his
answer was "with brains, sir, with brains."
You have of late years been mixing your
soil with brains, and it is hoped the good
work may go on.
But, Mr. President and Gentlemen, you
will pardon me for referring to another
question concerning your welfare, and one
also in which you are growing wiser, and
that is the marketing of your crops. IHere
is where the farmer has in the past been un
fairly dealt with, and has failed to receive
that which is honestly his. This is another
question demanding your best thought and
action. Having raised and harvested your
crops by honest toil, the times would seem
to be out of joint, when others reap the bene
fit. There can be no question but that prices
of agricultural products are depressed by
unnatural, and I may say unlawful causes.
Combinations and trusts manipulate the
market and play with prices, the aim of it
all being to depress the price of the raw ma
terial. But these things are changing; in
tellectual effort and business methods are
commanding for agriculturists a sure place
in the commercial world as well as in the
domain of the sciences. We congratulate
you upon what you have accomplished in
this regard and wish you. a full measure of
success all along the line.
In conclusion permit me again to welcome
you one andt all to our town and to express
the hope that you may take away with you
none but the pleasantest resolutions.
At the conclusion of Mr. Caffery's
-eloquent address of welcome, Mr.
Gustave V. Soniat, of Jefferson,
responded for the association. Mr.
Soniat expressed the appreciation
of the society for the hospitable treat
ment given the members of that
body by the people of Lafayette.
In choice language he thanked Mr.
Caffery for his kind words and as
sured him that they fell on appre
ciative hearts.
Hon. Jno. Dymond read his an
nual address, which was instructive
in a high degree and interesting to
people engaged in all callings. WVe
regret that we are not able to publish
the president's address in full, as we
are confident that it would prove in
teresting to the people of this parish.
It was then proposed to appoint
the following committees. In the
meantime a recess was taken until
3 o'cloek p. m.:
Committee on Credentials-A. V.
Carter, chairman; A. Dimmick, \V.
D. Holton, B. WV. Marsden, Ben
Avant.
Committee on Resolut;ons-Judge
E. Rost, chairman; Lucien Soniat,
Dr. S. A. Knapp, Charles Schuler,
H. H. Hargrove.
At 3 o'clock in the afternoon the
meeting was called to order. The
first paper read was by Mlr. Ben
Avant, of Duson. The subject
treated was, "' Mortgages on our
Farms and their Causes." Mr.
Avant is a practical farmer and
threw out some good suggestions,
but when he tackled the medical
profession he certainly did not know
that Dr. Mudd was in the audience.
Had he known it, he probably
would have left the Esculapians se
verely alone.
Prof. Stephen Read, of Washing
paper` oiiC' ewv. Ligits o* our l or-.
est.", ,The.'profesor .told of all the
upnnown treasures. hidden in our
forests. The professor's earnest
disquisition on the medical proper
ties to be found in the trees and
shrubs was enough to make an old
root-doctor's head swim like a top
Mr. W. Oscar Pipes, of Abbeville.
was on the progranm but the gentle
man being absent the "Prairies of
Southwest Louisiana" was discussed
byothergentlemen. Mr. Dymond's
impromptu speech on the subject
was very interesting.
The night session was called to
order by Captain Schuler, of De
Soto.
As Mr. Crippen, of Crowley, was
not present the reading of his paper,
"Come and See," was postponed.
Mr. Dymond delivered an ex
haustive address entitled, "'Best
Methods of Securing Occupants for
Our Lands."
After a number of gentlemen had
spoken on the subject of immigra
tion, some persons in the audience
called upon Capt. R. W. Marsden,
of Red River parish. The caption
is a politician and a stump speaker
from way back and he told the au
dience that he could not talk on ag
ricultural subjects without branch
ing off into politics. He said poli
tics and agriculture were insepar
able; in fact he was one of those
that saw everything through politi
cal glasses. He facetiously re
marked that the best way to get im
migration and other things the so
ciety was working for, was to get
the politicians interested in them.
The humorous speech of Mr.
Marsden was received with deafen
ing applause. Mr. Marsden is the
gentleman who created a real sensa
tion at the State convention at
Shreveport last December. The
enthusiastic gentleman wanted to
make a speech on the silver question
before the nomination of a candi
date for governor and the conveci
tion in almost ot.e voice said "sit
down" to him; but like Banquo's
ghost the captain would not down.
He persisted until he gained t.he
floor and made the hottest speech
of the convention. He told the
crowd he had revolutionary blood
running in his veins and did not
propose to be '"hollered down" in
that manner.
After appointing a number of
committees the meeting adjourned.
At 8 o'Llok p. m. Captain Schuler
called the convention to order.
Mr. Dymond read a paper on the
"Best Methods of securing occu
pants for our lands." After Mr.
Dymond's address Miss Maud Boas
and Prof. Von Hofe sang a duet.
The string band discoursed some of
its excellent music and Miss Lucile
Revillon concluded the evening's en
tertainment with a solo.
Thursday at so o'clock a. m. the
second day's session convened.
Mi. l)ytnond was in the chair.
Ceremonies were opened by a pray
er offered by the Rev. Mr. Read.
Miss Nellie Bailey treated the audi
ence to some very good singing with
accompaniment on the piano.
Prof. J. 1. Barret, of Acadia,
delivered a very interesting and pa
triotic address on education.
After some music on the piano by
Miss Liza Hopkins, Prof. B. C.
Caldwell, of Natchitoches, spoke
on "Agricultural in Common
Schools." Th. professor is a man
of great ability and, as a gentleman
remarked, his address was the "feat
ure of the convention."
Miss Lea Gladu performed on the
piano after which Prof. Knapp, of
Calcasieu, read a paper.
As the local theatrical company
were to use the hall in the evening
thenight session of the convention
was not held. Complimentary
tickets were given to the delegates
who attended the performance.
The convention met again Friday
morning· and in the a:ternoon ad
journed sine die.
The people of the town, the ladies
especially, attended the meetings in
large numbers and listened to the
able addresses of the distinguished
gentlemen with close attention and
great interest.
Some time ago Mr. Simeon Gold
baum of San Luis Rey, Cal., ,vas
troubled with a lame back and rheu
matism. He used Chamberlain's
Pain Balm and a prompt cure was ef
fected. He says he has since ad
vised many of his friends to try it
and all who have done so have
spoken highil) of it. It is for sale
by all druggists.
Barbed wire, poultry netting,
spades, hoes, axes and hatchets, at
Moss Bros. & Co's. Iowes prices
in town.
Remember that we do all kinds
of job printing.
LAF4VETra, LA.; Jin. 1S, 1895.
Pursuant to call the Board of School Ti
rectors of the Parish of Lafayette met this
day in special session with the following
members present:
J. U. Bronasard, president; J. E. Trahan,
D. Bernard, Dr. W. W. Lesaley, A. C.
Guilbeau and J. S. Wbittington. Absent:
P. A`. Chaisson and Jasper Spell.
The reading of the minutes was dispensed
with.
T'rhe following offer was received an read:
CARENCaO, La., Jan 13, 1896.
To the President and Aembers School Board
Parisk of Lafayette:
GENTLEMEN: - We, the undersigned,
pledge ourselves for the amount stated next
to our. names, to be paid monthly for one
year, for the support of the High School,
providing that it be located in Carencro:
A. C. Guilbeau...............$10.......................... $ o
F. W. Cortney...... . .............................. o10
W . W . Lessley............................................ to
G. H. Guilbeau.............................. .......... 5
D . A. Dimetry . ......... ............... :...... 5
Saul Broussard..................................... 5
Donlouis Harpin......................... 5
Albert G uidry ........................... ............ 5
Octave P. Guilbeau..... ................. 2
O phe M elancon......................................... 2
Ludovic Guilbeau .................................... I
Gaston Blot .......... ................... 2
Geo E. Brown........................................ 5
C. C. Brown ................................ ....... 5
Mr. Guilbeau's motion, seconded by Dr.
Lesslev, to accept the offer from Caren
cro, was lost by the following vote: Yeas
Dr. Lessley and A. C..Guilbeau; nays-J. O.
Broussard, J. E. Trahan, D. Bernard and J.
S. Whittington.
The following communication from the
ladies of Lafayette.was received and read:
To the Honorable President and Aflembers of
School Board:
GENTLEMEN:-The ladies of the commit
tee who undertook to raise money with
which to supplement the salary of a male
principal for the High School in Lafayette,
take pleasure in reporting to your honorable
body that they have collected and placed in
bank the sum of $22o for this purpose, and
they would most respectfully request that, if
it be possible for you to do so, you retain
Miss Francis Greig as assistant in the school,
and that you take immediate steps to accom
plish the above object.
Respectfully, etc.,
MRS. FELIX DEMANADE,
`" M. P. YOUNG,
DR. ToLsoN,
SDR. BERAUD,
" DR. HOPKINS.
Dr. Lessley moved that the superintend
ent be instructed to employ a gentleman
teacher as principal for the High School,
and when it is necessary, to employ an assist
ant for said school.
Mr. Trahan offered as an amendment to
Dr. Lessley's motion, that a gentleman
teacher be employed as principal ot the
High School and that Miss F. S. Greig be
retained as assistant of said school at a salary
of $45 a mont$, which was carried by the
following vote: Yeas-J. O, Broussard, J.
E. Trahan, D. Bernard and J. S. Whitting
ton; nays-Dr. Lessley and A. C. Guilbeau.
On motion of Mr. Trahan, seconded by
Mr. Bernard, Dr. Thos. B. lIopkins and
Mr. E. G. Voorbies, with the superintend
ent, was appointed as a committee to select
a suitable gentleman teacher as principal of
the High School.
On motion of Mr. Whittington, seconded
by Mr. Bernard, the offer from the ladies of
Lafayette was accepted and that a vote of
thanks be tendered the ladies of Lafayette
for their generosity and for the interest they
have taken in the cause of education.
The Board then adjourned.
J. O. BROu'ssARD, President.
II. E. TOLL, Secretary.
Madame Amae.
The celebrated spiriual, trance
and business medium is in the city
and has rooms at Mrs. Alfred Char
gois' City Hotel, where she can be
consulted on all affairs of life.
Madame Amae has had 35 years'
experience as a medium and has
been very successful in healing fam
ily differences, giving valuable ad
vice in business and locating and re
covering lost or stolen property as
well as hidden treasure. She reads
life from the cradle to the grave
with absolute correctness and can
give full name and description of
future husband or wife with exact
date of marriage. All in trouble
are especially invited to call.
An exchange says that the only
time the Kentucky Democracy is
united is when a drink is proposed.
Dr. Davis' Compound Syrup of
Wild Cherry and Tar.
Everyone knows Wild Cherry and Tar
are good for Coughs, Colds, Asthma, Bron
chitis Croup, Whooping Cough, all Lung
and Throat troubles, and when combined
with other drugs of the greatest value in
such diseases, as they are in DAvrs' VWILu
CIIIRRY AND TAR, it makes the remedy
you should have at hand 5oc and S.oo
per bottle. Ask for DAVIs' WILD CHERRY
AND TAR, NOT Wild Cherry and Tar. 1
An Old Soldier's Recomsnenda
tion.
In the late war I was a soldier in
the First Maryland Volunteers,
Company G. During my term of
servtce I contracted chronic diar
rhoea. Since then I have used a
great amount of medicine, but when
I found any that would give me re
lief it would injure lay stomach, un
til Chamberlain's Cholhc Cholera
and Diarrhoea Remedy was brought
to my notice. I used it and will
say it is the only remcedy that gave
me permanent relief and no bad re
suits follow. I take pleasure in
recommend;ng this preparation to
all of my old comrades, who, while
giving their services to their coun
try, contracted this dreadful disease
as 1 did, front eating unwholesome
and uncooked food. Yours truly,
A. E. BENDING, Halsey, Oregon
For sale by all druggists.
Ve have done everything that we
can to make the BUCKSKIN BREECHES
perfect. We believe they areas near
perfect as good Jeans, good thread
and careful ivork can miake theni.
That's why we put the printed guar
antee in the pocket of each pair.
It means if you don't find them all
right, in every way, you can. get
your money back.
Dr. J. P. -Firaicez;- Mr. F.. Esfi
lette and IVMF. A. Melancon, acconm
panied by several friends, went to
Chenier LaCroix, on the z5th inst.,
and judging from the amount of
ammunition ranging from the sub
stantial to the "spiritual," that they
had on hand, there can be no doubt
they will all have a jolly good time
of it.
Mr. Claude Latiolais has pur
chased from Mr..Lndcyic Gulbeau,
the handsome property now occu
pied by Judge Estilette.
Mr. Crouchet gave a supper at
his new saloon last Thursday, which
was attended by a large number of
friends.
Mr. A. C. Guilbeau, the popular
agent of the St. Landry Oil Co.,
has handled an immense quantity of
cotton seed this season.
Mrs. L. G. Stelly was in Lafa
yette last Saturday.
Dr. Lessley and Mr. A.. C. Guil
beau attended a special meeting of
the School Board in Lafayette on
the x8th inst.
By some new method of calcula
tion, or new ratio of values, the
School Board of our parish decided
at its called meeting last Saturday,
that $z2o.oo of Lafayette money,
possesses more intrinsic value than
$750.oo of Carencro coin. The re
nowned W. H. Harvey should be
informed of this, as it might provide
him with a hitherto unknown coin
parison, and form the basis for an
other of his works.
Mr. and Mrs. G-torge Melchoir
spent the time "'tween trains" in
Lafayette last Saturday.
The Advertiser's correspondent at
Scott, paid his respects to the road
overseer of the 3rd and xst wards in
quite a masterly manlier.
Conductor Lusted has withdrawn
fromn the opera troupe bearing his
name, and now looms up as a
"lightning calculator."
Well, what are the merchants of
Lafayette going to do about the
condition of the public roads ?
Misses Theolin and Jaunita Mar
tin, of Breaux Bridge, and the Misses
Campbell of Lafayette, were the
guests of Miss Graziella Francez
last Sunday.
"Cherokee," while crediting the
delegates to the recent convention
at Shreveport with being men of in
telligence and •"broad judgment,"
proceeds to accuse them of acts
that would denote a lack of one and
a limit of the other.
Your correspondent has reason to
believe that there was not a single
member of the delegation who was
in lavor of the "suffrage amend
ment," but there were certain con
ditions, aided by their "good judg
ment" that prompted them to vote
as they did. The people usually
settle such matters themselves, and
the vote of a delegation could cut
no figure at all.
Rev. Father Laforest'was in New
Orleans this week.
Mr. A. Thibodaux, of Bayou
Boeuf, was in Carencro last week
visiting his brother Mi. M. M.
Thibodaux, night operator here.
Oh, Mr. Road-overseer, won't
you be so kin.d and condecenuing as
to set aside a moment of your val
uable time, foi the perusal of the
law relative to construction and
maintenance of public highways?
Please note particularly that portion
that relates to and defines your duty
In the premises. Then hire a boat
and sail along the overflowed public
roads, and see if you cannot find
something to do. In this way )ou
coull combine much pleasure with
a little business. Now don't wait
until the sun dries all the water up,
because you might miss sonme of
the fun. Do something, please, if
it be only to make a sort of a little
"*bluff."
Col. C. C. Brown, having fallen
under the influence of that \ivo)tlcr
ful wave of patriotic order that has
rolled over all America recently and
having become thoroughly imbued
with the "war felling," has procured
for himself a magnificent Ipair of
military boots; and being already
provided with a gun guaranteed to
hit the side of a house; he is now
ready for the fray. Our English
cousins will now Ito doubt consent
to arbitrate.
Judge 1H. E. Toll attrnoLdd the
Agricultural meeting held in la
favyette this week.
Mr. Albert Guidry was in Ope
lousas a few days ago.
Notice.
All memlbers of the Pelican Bra.. Band
are earnestly requested to meet at the t,and
room, Monday night, Jan. 27, as ,bushilcss of
importance will b transacted. Any nasi
jcians wishing to join our band are respect
I fully invite l to attend.
iLOt~i' l..*c" ,S|', -ecretary.
CAPITAL Gi O
CROW CIRAND, Preeldent. S. R. 'ARKZLRSON,
J. O. PARKERSON, Vice President. F. V. MOUTON, As
--DIRECTORSk-
CROWY GZR.4RD, J. S. /I/ TTING T7ONA P. . RO'.
c. c. BROWN, A. J. MOSS, J. G. P4RRSO
ALCIDE JUDICE, F. DEMA'ADE, N. P. MOSS.
Egg Inspection.
By holding an egg up between th:
eye and the light an expert can at
once tell the purpose for which it is
particularly adapted and pronmptly
pronounced as to its destiny.
There is the egg which exhibits a
small cloud" floating in an orange
sea. This egg finds its way to a
humble saloon and is beaten up
into a "golden fizz" to soothe the
weary palate of the retired politi
cian.
Again there is the egg which
shows a galaxy of crimson stars, in
timating that the industrious hen
that raid it is suffering from the
heat and needs rest. This egg finds
its way to the quiet restaurant,
whither the sign, "Meals five
cents," beguiles the hungry wan
derer.
A third egg shows a dark-, solid
body surrounded by vapory liquid.
It aoounds in the generous barrel
houses, whose motto is, "An egg or
a clam with every drink," and
where the gay and careless reveler
says, "You spoke late," when the
hapless chicken squeaks at the mo
ment of deglutition.
A fourth egg, light in weight and
of a sickly green complexion,
sprinkled with dark blotches, is
popular at political meetings where
the audience is not quite in har
mony with the speaker.
But above all there is the honest,
flawless, unexceptionable egg proud
ly laid upon fresh straw by a kind
and wholesome hen. This is the
legitimate egg of commerce that
makes the whole world happy every
morning.-Southern Farm.
How Shall We Secure Independ
ence ?
- Cotton is the most helpless crop
that can be raised upon a farm.
Corn, wheat, oats, hay and nearly
everything else, when the market is
over-supplied, can be fed to stock
and the family. These things make
not only the farmer, in a measure,
self-supporting, but are powerful
elements of independence to the
country in which they are raised.
Ruston Leader.
Why suffer with Co"hr , Cold and .na
Grippe when Laxative lrnuot, Qlinine will
cure you in one day. DIoes not produce the
ringing in the head like Sulphate of Quinine.
Put up it tablets conveui,-nt for taking.
Guaranteed to cure or lloney refunllcJ.
Price 25 cents. For sale by Wr\. C!egg
and Moss Bros. & Co., Lafavyt:e, l.a.
Will the Googuos run on the day
of election ?
They said they would hold a pri
mary on Dec. ii. They died not.
DAVIS' WILD CHERRY AND TAR will cure
your Coughor Cold. 5oc. and $i.oo.
KILL-GERMI
CURES ITCH
IN 30 MINUTES.
Cures Mange on Dogs.
Cures Soratches quicker than
any other known remedy.
Cures all skin diseases.
For sale by
wMr. CLEG;.
Chamberlain's Eye and SEin Oint-rrem
Is unequailed for Ic-.:v, Teuer, hea.
Rlheeum, ;ceal Head, Sre "ippes, Chpped
IIands Itching i'itee, b;urns, Friot ;i!tes,
Chronic Sore Eyes and3 t : ranulnted .Eye Lides.
For sale by druggists at 25 cents per box.
TO nORS- OTrrl--.
For putting a lior'e in a flue hc-'lthy con
dition try Dr. Cady'n ('onliaon l'o.-ters.
Siay tone nir the st gteni, a1l di,' -1ion, cure
l'3 of alappctte, relieve oen:,a:;il tioa, c'rrecl
kiidney (lo'3dlerd and destroy wornac, hiviCr
new life to an old or over-workecd l.hote. 2
S-nts per package. For sale iy drtl.';sts.
.,...,. " RSunset .oute.'"
_, l EOUB-E DAILY_
SURSET ROUTE. SLEEPER AND
-rAIN SERVI
Atlanta, Wartshiltfi0on, New York, Ciatin j
AtD ALL EASTERN CITIES.
SHORTEST TiME AND MOST SUPERB SE ViJCE:
Semi-Weekly Vcstibull Fast 'Trains. ma-le up of Luxuri.ous Ste rO .
with .xarber bh, p. Baths, nnd Special l..lies' C.'u: r :.a.iC:a:. n e' C
tcudance, making the Trip ehtween San Fra -, -New C)err.s
.... OILY LilE FiUtNIi6s THROUGH SLEEPER : CIT ITY 
Exursion Tickets on sale from all Co'
Througlh 14ills of Lading via "Sunse '
to and from New .ork. all points East and W.si. -
For information, call on local agents, or nddres,.
t. r rt. t f. a. r. A.. t I.. .). PARlf.t% A.
New C)A-l. an,. L.a. .aFsri .Vý)M'tn
P-arish Budget. u .
The committee appointed to atinm -
probable expenses of the parish 'ýor,
year 1896, submitted the to
i:u report which was duly adopted and:
dercd published 30 days, accorditig'-to
I.AFAYETTE, La., Jan. 4,
1o the Presijdent and AMembers of the
Jury of Lafayette Paris.A:
Your undersigned committee beg leave;
report the following as the probable
penses of the Parish of Lafayette for
calendar year from Jan. 1, to Dec. 31, I
-LIES OF OtFICERS.
Sheriff's san!ary a, per contractba35o Oo
TC:ot-Y.,se keeper & con...... oo 0o
-rcrtary o Per.iiCeJury... ..... Po 0
arish tr.surer ..... .. 00 00.`
(,i 5rbcr: Y.?. per diemn.5.. 0 0oo 00 _ ..,
C,:cnel's .,tiry.... 350 00
Juoticc sand consleis........ sooo o -
Total fees of oficer ..................$ S~ 'l
BY.LGS ANhD PI::I1 ROADS "
Ro.d overseers.... .. gGo.. -6
rTldge keepers .... ...... ... O
Bridd on l blrs c roads ...... ai or ~o
Total bridges and roads ....... 314o-" ag,.
tit rs not feiln's before iJct Cr. sS3OOO
"'red:ng prisoners........ oo . 15n00 0
"'I,tu criminal expenses............... $ 450ooo
FIor support of common schools............ 4000 004o ,
'or coitingeot expeneses... I......... .... ",500o 0i
Tocal probabl!e expens ........ ... .S..8635 _o,,
iRepeci ltflly submifted.
C. C. BRowrj.
ALF. A. UDOHOsu. r.
C),.HER C. MoSroe.
Taken Up,
On the plantation if Mr. Alexandre Beg
nand, near Scott, one black mare, with
three ankles white. "I'he right hip bears the`
marks of a brand placdl there long ago.buy-:
it is not legible. awne.r can secure same by,',
proving ownership and paying costs.
AI.E:c. XANDRE MARTIN.
Jan. 2z, xr96.
For Sale.
Twenty-five arpents of good land adjoine
ing the refinery. The land is situated onl
the Oak Avenue and bounded north by
Southern Pac. road. Apply to
J. D. MovToN,
Janil. 1I-f m.
Notic5.
Notice is hereby civen that at the next;.
regular meeting of thi Police Jury sealed
proposals for the keeping of Ptn Hool;
brid.ge for the year 1296 will be received.
Contractor must obligate to keep flooring ins
proper repair, keep bearings well greased.
and in proper order for working said bridge.
i The bridge rmust be opened at lests:.
once a week and contractor must,
bind himself in double the amnount
of the award for faithful performance
of the conditions herein specified. The
Police Tury reserves the right to reject any
and all bids.
R. C. Grn.', Secretary, P. J.
Spencer's, Business College,
Shrev-eport, La..
Offers a full commt.rri.I c'. ,.re f-r .
N e i .'c n ' - a tscn.. lc ti
noth ..ul s  . ..
trot )i . ;i.;. :: f: s' . ft t..ý'
For p.. .
or \ ' . tary.
D. VT Gardeb=ledi
Lruggi-t' Suniries, Fine Purf ..
Foilct Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Stas"M:=
tionery, School i',o!s., Paints and Oils:
Prcescriptions carefully compounded at all
loun.s of the day and nighst. Everything 0
be founwl in a first class drugstore.
c-Ne xt to Falk's Op. ra House.
6EO. L. DEBLANC
-dealer in
0W00, LIM'Er COA `
Wholesale an- /
FAachine-Sawed . Spitt A
Stove WoiOd.
Cypress and Pine Kindling.
All Orders Promiptly Attended to.
LAFAYCTT'E, - - - - LOUISIANAs
O:ice and Yard near.R. R. Depot.
C. Jennaro,
SHOE-MAKER, 2
Makes a good, durable shoe. Good fit
g' r ant eecd.
Mr. Jcninaro will also give music lcssons:,
in all kinds of brass instruments and clarii
net. Pa, kerson block, near depot. ':
... .. . . .. . . .. . . .. . ;