` Harvestt These,
anf asseA D the per'
ifor eeneral trade.
- fat that of all the mann
of harvesting ialohinery having
the World's Pair, the McCor
Salone complied with the
R.i. to show the capabilities
4tn n the Seld. The fres
osper was invented by Cyrus
in 1881, and from that time
Corm-lakmachines have bade
'ver alt others. They bhave
i told medals. and highest
-f v yts W orl'se Fair, and it was
iresionthat sixteen diier
'ti~ nthrerat Binders and Mowers
i.Ig mpete in the field with them.
t~atib entire squson these sixteen
em a their efforts to have a soor
aii aveir done-4 verythingpossi
o'Uet b the- Commission and prevent a
? ieeesn fineld exhibit that should test the
g qalities of the -machines. And
a four months' .fight by the
of harvesting machines who did not
S`~ Orzsna-iek in the eld-a fight
teUteStates Commission
t o+ea.~ ivery turn that the only way to ex
i e ainmachnle was by seeing it at work in
.;. ield-andafter having signed an agree
Swith aUll the others not to show in the
n'concern wanted an award so bad
Stht ytwo weeks ago it went so far as
to ge a secret permit to pay the expenses
off a-sew Committee to secretly accompany
their speolal machines to a remote section
iof Coloradowhhere no other machines could
beIhowu, snd where the crop (it there is
s.~ lefth) must be much lighter, and the
;- surfce.of the ground Srmer, with the evi
-.=lsst h6~oe that these conditions would insure
as easy work and as light draft as were
shown by the regular McCormick machines
- i the ocdlaltests in July, in the very heavy
grain then harvested. The diplomas award
ed the McCormick madhines speak in high
eat terms of their efmflency, ease of hand
flig and extreme light draft. The McCor
mick No 4-Mower showed wonderful power
weork, sand a 5 it. out machine, in a feld
averaging three tons to the acre, with a
dynsmometer perfectly adjusted by the U.
UBCustodian of Government Weights and
Measures, drew at work, at an average
draft of 182 lbs. The judges pronounce this
a remarkable performance. The McCormick
Binders, cutting 6 ft. of heavy oats on up
hill ground, and carrying bundle carriers,
measured by the same standardized dyna
mometer, showed a draft as low as 820 lbs.,
and none higher than 360 lbs. This wonder
ful showing was a great revelation to many
distinguished foreigners at the trial, and no
oes'present was at a loss to know why more
maehines did not take part in the tests.
- Mrs. A. 0. Medlockl
Cured of a Bad Case of
Scrofula
"' Orleans, Ind., May 12, 1808..
Slam Justified in thinking Hood's Sarsaparilla
a splendid medicine by own experience with
it. I was a great sufferer from scrofula,
hbaving dreadful sores in my ears and on my
bead. sometimeslike large botls.discharging
all the time. My husband insisted tat I
take Hood's Sarsaparilla. At the lrstbottle
My Appetite Improved,
and I felt somewhat better. So I bought
another bottle, and by the time it was balf
gone the soroula had entirely disappeared.
I am now entirely free from scrofula and
Hood's Cures
wasnever in better health. Hood's Sarsa
parilla also culred me of a teriible pain in my.
side, which the doctor said was caused by
neuralgia of the heart." Mss A. C. MEDLOC.
Hood'e- Pills cure liver ills, constipation,
btliousness,jaundice,sick headache, indigestion.
McELREES'
WINE OF CARDUI.
TLheBust
Watcrprnf
Coat
ER
Mis bela -
el Boston, Mas.
writes I have a
le tas hers farmers.
rehai whrat our oorrelpondent worites
we are confident he ha failledto - l-
a the fall value of this crop, a o ndf
a a-reasos. He has sown too t
aas a general rule. He has sown too
little seed, and he has mown on 'too
poor land:
f our fairmers- would sow two and
one-half or three bushels of good oet
seed on an acre of good land-land
that will make 800 to 1,000 pounds of
seed.cotbn.to the acre and will pute
seed in right any time during the
month of October there will be very
few of them who will be disappointed
in the results.
Nothing can Dome out of nothing.
Oats will not grow on wornout land.
Poverty weed may, but of what value
is poverty weed? Itis one of the lowest
forms of vegetable life. This weed,
along with the linchens and other in
nutritious forms of vegetation, first
began to supply the lifeless matter of
the disintegrated rock" with the power
to produce something of value later on,
but it was at a period before there were
any ahimals to feed upon the earth.
The oat is the best or poorest form.
That it exists is a product of man's
careful labor and the earth's advanced
fertility. Compared to "poverty weed"
is like comparing the race horse of to
day with the little equine representa
tive of the Australian plains.
It has been our observation that very
many farmers expect oats to grow
where they would not expect. any cot
ton. At any rate they seem to expect
a very good crop of them from land
that-they would not think of planting
in cotton. This idea is a wrong one.
Land that will not grow a profitable
crop of cotton is not likely to grow a
profitable crop of oats.
While the fattening power of a bushel
(56 pounds) of corn is much greater
than a bushel of oats (32 pounds) the
latter will produce almost as much
strength (muscle force) as the former.
Except for fattening hogs and other
animals we should prefer 100 pounds
of oats to 100 pounds of corn. As a
food for human beings and race horses
we should prefer the 100 pounds of
oats to the 100 pounds of corn.
Thirty-five bushels of oats weigh
thebsame as twenty bushels of corn
does, and farmers of experience under
stand very well that the land that will
produce twenty bushels of corn as the
result of cultivation will, under good
management, produce thirty-five or
more bushels of oats-and without the
expense of cultivation.
Considering the relative value in
money of the two grains it is useless
to expect a valuable crop of oats from
land that will not produce five or six
bushels of corn, and yet many times we
have seen farmers sowing land in oats
that they would not think of plant
ing in corn. And again farmers will
go to a great deal of trouble to pre
pare land for corn and refuse to take
the necessary pains in preparing
it for oats. They expect oats to do
well even when sown at an improper
time or with an inadequate quantity
of seed per acre. It is only rarely that
they will undertake to fertilize oat
land with the same care that they
would give to corn land.
If our correspondent will take land
that yields him fifteen to twenty bush
els of corn without manure, or with
but a moderate use of it, and will plow
this land properly in October and then
harrow in two and a half or three bush
els of good plump oats and then roll
the land he will find, as a rule, that the
oat crop is about as valuable as any
that he grows. It will be but rarely
the case that a few dollars' worth of
good fertilizer will be out of place.
As a rule the manuring of an oat crop
means the manuring of the crop that
follows the oats. The more stubble
that is made means that much vegeta
ble matter to be turned under for the
next crop. Not one acre in fifty of our
southern soils has adequate supply of
humus to render them fertile and the
more vegetable matters given them it
is that much permanent fertility added
to it, fertility that will "make its
mark" for several years.
Our southern farmers, as a class,
have not yet come toa full understand
ing of the value of the harrow and the
roller. We see very few crops of grain
put in with these implements, and yet
it is impossible to make the highest
success of grass, clover and grain grow
ing without them.
We slo not hesitate to assert that if
every acre that is sown in grain (wheat,
rye, oats and barley), were put in with
the harrow and the roller (just as it
should be done), the aggregate product
would be 25 per cent. greater, and quite
likely more.
The highest civilization in agricul
ture is exhibited by the use of these
implements. Farming can not be car
ried on in the most intelligent way
without them.
We are confident that all who have
come to understand the value of the
harrow and the roller, from a several
years' use of them, will sustain this as
sertion.
Let us take half the pains with our
oat (or rye, or wheat, or barley) crop
that we do with our cotton, or corn, or
tobacco, and we will find it the surest
and most satisfactory crop that is
grown on the farm.-Southern Farmer.
taanurlnn Lmad or Crop.
As the country grows older there is
always increasing tendency to apply I
special manures for each crop, rather
than to fertilize the soil for all pur
poses and allow each crop to take what 1
it needs. The tendency is very strong
in grain farming, to which commercial I
and mineral fertilizers are best adapted.
Vegetables need large amounts of I
nitrogen, which can not well be held I
in the soil unless it has a plentiful sup
ply of vegetable matter. In that ease I
the soil must be made permanently i
fertile. In other wods, it is not possi- I
ble by heavy manuring one season to
make a large growth of vegetables on I
apor soil.
It is so possible in growing the small i
grains. With a sufleient supply of
coamercial phosphate, potash sandi
nitroged, good crops of wheat, oaftes]
and barley can be grown on poor a
land, and after they are of the
lan. will be little it any richer for
the mture appld. If this policy of a
Ser eabh gain crop a
ctn ,t .00aeur~mitrelsrgr I
t Ao s to fetity. It arueit i
ael~4 -.to .caes the la4~ gr6
ooeP r it a -hardly pcssble'for o a
ess.in. Mopping to maims" farminiug
b For onereao.larghu cro Ur.
t grown tti~way. If the soil eats.
barely enough fertility to makes crop
i is llypoor and unprofitable. The
aystem whith increases fertility nees
adrily lmproves the yields each year..
t also puts the soil in such mechanical
eoMditian that it is less likely to be in
jured by droughts or excessive rainfal.
--outhern Farm.
Apples as med.
Chemically, the apple is composed of
vegetable :fber, albumen, sugar, gunm,
eblorophyl, malie acid, galli acid, lime
and much water; and the German an
alysts claim that the apple contains a
larger percentage of phosphorus than
any other fruit or vegetable. This
phosphorus is admirably adapted for
renewing the essential nervous mattes
-lethiein-of the brain and spinal
cord. It is, perhaps, .for the saime ear
son, rudely understood that old
Scandinavian 'traditions represent the
apple as the food of the gods, who.
when they felt themselves growing
feeble and infirm, resorted to this fruit
for renewing their powers of mind and
body. Also, the acids of the apple are
of signal use for men of-sedenta y hab
its., whose livers are sluggish in action,
these acids serving to eliminate from
the body noxious matters, which if re
tained, would make the brain heavy
and dull, or bring about jaundice or
skin eruptions and other allied trou
bles. It is also the fact that such fresh
fruits as the apple, pear and plum,
when taken ripe and without sugar,
diminish acidity in the stomach rather
than provoke it. A good, ripe, raw
apple is one of the easiest of vegetable
substances for the stomach to deal
with, the whole process of its digestion
being completed in eighty-five minutes
-English Paper.
Poultry Notes.
'owls that get no milk need more
meat.'
Let the young poultry have free
range as soon as possible.
Feed only soft feed in trough, scatter
grain of all kinds on the ground.
Cooked foods fattens more readily
because it is more thoroughly digested.
Poultry should be fed fat-producing
food for several days prior to market
ing.
Charcoal is a blood purifier, an.l
should be kept where the hens can get
it.
When duck eggs are set under a hen
it is best to make the nest on the
ground.
Ducks growv faster than chickens,
are free from vermin and less liable to
disease.
Feed for growth or for eggs and not
merely for subsistence if poultry is to
pay profit.
Always have the nests so that the
hens can walk into them rather than
jump down.
Feed and water.the setting hens
regularly, and have grit and a dust
bath in the room.
Hens should never be fed so well
that when they are given a good range
they will not forage a good portion of
the time.-Kansas Farmer.
HERE AND THERE.
-A young colt is an animal that
seems to meet with more accidents1
than any other, and should be carefull y
looked after until weaned.
-It costs something to grind the corn
for hogs, but if the corn is soaked be
fore feeding it will be more highly rel
ished by hogs, and be in the best con
dition for them.
-Fall pigs should be farrowed this
month so as to give them a start before
winter. If pigs are farrowed during
cold weather they are liable to be stunt
ed and make but slow growth.
-Salt is beneficial to animals in
many ways. It is destructive to some
forms of parasites, and, when sulphur
is given occasionally with salt, worms
in the intestines may be prevented ox
destroyed.
-The old-fashioned, bitter herb,
tansy, has other uses than that of mix
ing with liquors for drink. Rubbing
tansy on horses will drive the flies
away, and it has a like effect on cows.
-The cow that receives the same al
lowance of food daily may be better
than is known. There is no such thing
as an allowance of food for a pro
ductive cow. She should have as much
as she can eat at every meal.
-If the stock for market comes into
the winter fat and in good condition
from the pasture it will pay to feed
liberally and push them forward for
market. Never allow a pound that has
been gained to be lost, as it doubles
the cost of production.
-The farmer who takes up the sheep
business with the idea ithat the out
side of the animal is worth more than
the inside-the wool more than the
carcass-gets hold of it at the wrong
end. Mutton first and then wool.
-If you think it too dry to plow it is
an excellent time to haul out the ma
nure that has accumulated during the
summer. Clean out all sheds and
corners. The manure is only leaching
there. On the ground for next year's
crop, it will do some good.
-Formerly there was no mode of
harvesting corn but to cut down the
stalks by'hand, but the corn harvester
as come to stay and is saving labor.
But little work is now necessary in
growing a crop of corn that can not be
done with horse power and at but a
small outlay for labor compared with
the work of former years.
-If your manure pile is under the
eaves of the barn the best investment
you can make with a dollar is to get
some troughing the first time you go to
town and hang it so it will carry the
water beyond where the manure is
piled. Do this much at least to save
the leaching of the manure. To shelter
it wenald be better.
-Farming is a business which de-'
pends on many little details and condi
tions afecting each other farm. The
frost may appear on a plot of land,
while but a hundred feet away its ef
fects, if any, may not be noticed. One
plot will be more dilcult to work than
another adjoining it, and the exposure
of the land to the sun, its drainage, its
nearness to timber, the texture of the
soil, the kinds of crops previously
grown, and-other matters, make a farm.
eniWrely diftresnot from the next, emb
4~,iI3rbb~ai only.
to ad spall r:
· the p rimi a. i e of
Riq t emre time in sa
is to be exipected at
his a4ae age, he has recovered his
hesi#lthto great extent. He was the
obtjecti aOashttention on the part, of
oa soeiety in the German cap
itaL
-A woman lately returned from
Brasil Salsl of-ta earious nomeneclature
of thesteets of Param They are biblieal
or oommemonatife of some event in the
Brazllian history. It seemed to her
quite irrieerent to be told that a desir
able loeality was "at the corner of St:
fohn the Bptist and St. John the
Evangellat"treets."
-Fraiik T. Starr writes to the New
York Sun: "I see a grdt deal in the
newspapers about little Esther Cleve
land being the first baby ever born in
the White house. How about James
Appleton Pierce, son of Franklin and
Jane Means Appleton Pierce. born in
the White house, Washington, April
12, 1858, died March 4, 1854?"
-It is alleged of a gauger, not long
ago dismissed from the revenue service.
that he lost his place because of a tin
breastplate. The chest protector fol
lowed in shape the contour of his form,
fitted on beneath the vest. It was hol
low and held about a fluid gallon. Its
frequent filling at the expense of
wholesale liquor dealers led to his
downfall
-Mr. Morrill, of Vermont, is the old
est senator--83. Next comes Mr.
Palmer, of Illinois, who is 76. Mr.
Harris, of Tennessee, is 7-5; Mr. Pugh,
of Alabama, is 73, and Mr. Sherman, of
Ohio, and Mr. Hunton, of Virginia, are
each 71 years old. There are now sev
eral frisky youngsters in the senate,
and the average age of the members is
about 58 years and 6 months
-Capt. W. J. Sweasey, a veteran Cal
ifornia pioneer, died at San Francisco
recently at the ripe old age of eighty
seven. He was an Englishman by
birth and a seafaring man in his early
life. While still a young man he came
to this country and with Robert Dale
Owen assisted in founding a Utopian
colony at New Harmony, Ind., which
ultimately proved a failure. In 1848
he crossed the plains to California and
became one of its most influential and
prosperous citizens
-A woman footpad, with her con
federates, recently plied a profitable.
trade in Kokomo, Ind., for some little
time. She is an attractive young
woman, about twenty years old. Her
plan was to stand on a street corner in
the fashionable suburbs. and, on plea
of being alone and frightened, induce
men to accompany her home. She
would lead her dupe down a dark
street, where four or five young toughs
were in waiting, when he would be set
upon and robbed. She was identified
by victims as being the chief actor in
four attempts at this sort of robbery
within one hour. She is now in jail
-"A pair of nippers and half a dozen
eighteen-inch gas-burner tips," was
the order given by a jaunty young
woman who visited a hardware store
the other day. "That lady," said the
proprietor after her departure, "is an
actress, and is just going on the road.
All theatrical people while traveling
carry nippers and tips with them. The
managers of hotels in small towns try
to save gas by putting bits of cotton in
the bedroom burners, thus impeding
the flow. The minute an actor strikes
a light and detects this he pulls out his
nippers and tips.. Off comes the 'faked'
burner and on goes one that lets the
full head of gas come through. Before
leaving he afranges things as he found
them and goes merrily along to get the
better of the next economical landlord
on his route."
"A LITTLE NONSENSE."
-The so-called self-made man is
generally nothing less than .the slip
per-made man.-Galveston News.
-Tramp--"Madam, I was not always
thus." Madam-"No. It was your
other arm you had in a sling this morn
ing. "-Detroit Tribune.
-Frank-"Were you actually sur
prised, as you said, when I proposed?"
May--"Yes, indeed; I really had all
but given you up!"-Vogue.
-Hicks--"Isn't it strange that while
my hair is getting gray, my mustache
is not?" Mrs. Hicks: "Oh, I don't
think so; your mustache is about twen
ty years younger, you know."-N. Y.
Herald.
-Casher-"I hear that you lost a
whole lot of money in one of those
mushroom boom towns out west."
Rasher-"It wasn't even a mushroom
town. It was just plain toadstooL"
Indianapolis Journal
-Dr. M'Sikker-"Aweel, in the fairst
place, ma guid man, ye maun soup less
whuskey." Patient- "I never drink
anywhisky at all, doctor." Dr. M'Sik
ker-"Weel, then, ye fechless gom
meril, ye-ought tae!"-Judy.
-Tourist (in Ireland)-"I should
like a room with an iron bedstead."
Hotel Proprietor-' "Sorr, Oi haven't an
iron bedstead in the place-they're all
soft wood. But you'll foind the mat
tress noice and hard, sorr."-Tit-Bit.
-A Rift in the Lut-e.-"I don't know
what you ever saw in me to admire,"
she remarked demurely. "Oh, well,
you know, little one, a fellow who is
anything doesn't look for mere beauty
in a girl; it's--" He stopped, because
his heart was all right; and, beside, he
wasn't entirelya blamed fool-only im
petuous and thoughtless in his way.
Puck.
-Police Justice - "The policeman
says you were found going along the
street wearing three suits of clothes
from which the price-mark had not
been removed. What have you got to
say for yourself?" Baryl Howes
"Seems to me, jedge. data cop wet
will pinch a man jist fer bein' a little
overdrmessd is too much of a dood to be
allowed to stay on de force."-Wash
ington Star. *
-A small boy in one of the German
town public schools wrote a composi
tion on King Henry VIII. last week.
It read as follows "Kingr Henry8 we
the greatest widower that ever lived.
He was born at Annie Domino, in the
year 1066. He had 810 wives besides
children. The first was beheaded and'
afterwards executed, and the 3d was
revoked. Henry 8 was suceeded on
the throne by his greatgrndmnother;,
the beautitlf Mary Qpet S 9ot ,
sometimes ealed the aly of the Itke
- ILQg~prliOoP
rfo the; ise arm will take
other ap, and oultivate lhabits of lasl
Iaes-. -. ek. -" .
-Send a boh y upstirs after anything
and he will yell out before he. reaches
the head of the staio that he ean't find
it-Atehison Globe.
a-"Bidins appears to have taken a
rather obscure plaepl in the commun
ity:" "Obscure? Well, I should say as
Why, nobody even brings him a peti
tion to sign. "-Washington Star.
-A Paisley gentleman, hearing that
two of his female relations had quar
reled, asked: "Ha'e they ea'ed each
lther ugly?" "Na, na." "Ah, weel
then, I can mak' it up atween them
yet"-Tit-Bits.
-Singleton-In her girlhood days
your wife was possessedbof a very sun
ny disposition. Has she any of it yet?
Longwed-Well=-er-enough to make
things warm for me occasionally.-Buf*
falo Courier.
-Cousin Barnies-What d'ye call this
party, a fuectionor a swarry? Cousin
Bess-Neither, cousin. Do you see Mr.
Einsteistein over there, watching the ladies
with diamonds? Well, this is his loan
exhibition.-Vogue.
INTERESTING FIGURES.
Tan Merrimae river is said to move
more machinery than any other stream
In the world. -
AT the present rate of increase there
will be 100,000,000 people in the United
States in fifty years.
Ix the construction of the Suez canal
80,000,000 cubic yards of material were
excavated by 80,000 laborers.
POTATOES first appear in history in
1503. In 1892 the United States raised
201,000,000 bushels. In 1884 the world
raised 79,000,000 tons.
ACCORDING to the last census there
are over 3,000,000 bachelors in the
United States-that is, 3,000,000 men
over thirty years old who have never
been married.
CmGAo is the enterprising potato
county of Minnesota. Three million
bushels were raised last year, three
thousand car-loads shipped and the rest
used in the large starch factories.
IJ is estimated that the richest of
ceivilized peoples is the English; with
81,286 per capita. In France the aver
age is said to be $1,102, in the United
States $1,029, while by the sale of their
lands to the United States government
some of the Indian tribes are worth
from 8,5000 to o10,000 per capita, man,
woman and child.
ARMY AND NAVY.
NIerr per cent. of the crew of the
United States cruiser New York are
Americans.
A raw substitute for powder is used
in a firearm just invented in England.
It is compressed gas.
A CANADIAN has made a collection of
the buttons of officers of ers of every regi
ment and department of the British
army.
BIcYcrfEs for military couriers and
big dogs for sentries and ambulance
service are curious features of the
tented field.
IN 1866 an experimental cruise of all
the ironciads in the British navy,
thirty in number, was made during
very rough weather, to ascertain how
they would behave during a storm;
result deemed successful.
Duinro the twelve months just
ended there were 1,259 desertions from
the navy, 939 men and 320 boys. Of
this number 776 men and 303 boys de
serted at home.ports and 163 men and
17 boys at foreign ports. The number
of enlistments was about 7,000, out of
nearly twice that many applicants.
Beader rarmless the Pestieatlal Vyapr
Of malaria, and the diseases it begets, with
a course of Hostetter's Stomach Bitters at
the beginning of those seasons when mias
ma impregnates the air and poisons the
system. It is a most efficient safeguard and
remedy long tried and proved. Liver com
plaint, dyspepsia. constipation, incipient
rheumatic and kidney trouble and nervous
ness are promptly relieved by it. The debil
itated, elderly and delicate benefit greatly
by its use.
IT is the illiterate correspondent who often
holds the editor spellbound.-Lowell Cour
etJ,.'s CAT, na Cuss is a liquid and is
taken internally, and acts direcay on the
blood and mucous surfaces of the system.
Write for testimonials, free. Manufactured
by F. J. Caitr &i Co., Toledo, O.
A mar never has so much use for his
Watch as when listening to a long sermon.
T~*rni'a DAklNGER
inmoou'h--m ore than evor when your bl0oo
/s"L CITnmakes things ea sy for ca
smnption. But there's a cure f it in Dr.
ive cure-aot only for Weak lumgs, p
tn of od roaches t, Ashma am a
aaCou but for Co unpt on iltaif
iu wn e irstagesIt's rasonable. All
these diseases dspend c tainted blood.
PIERCE AtCURE
irAMibw DAvs, of fm ai P 1M.os
ed to do her sgood
casemeace gi vsin them
• .eala -
......g.
).ý~~u -ee *226 ' b r "ia . t- #4Via.
Is- the. product at this knowledge. as&uo',- a
expendture. of many thousands ol
appliances for its preptarion. It i a coopund oy"
grape cream of tartarPand absolutely puiiýoaji: ,,.e~ .r.
exactness and care by famous chemists, and it wUmdu ' `
wholesome and delicate bread, biscuit, ake, rolls; qiats, thg
be had where this modern agent of cooking is not sd
Beware of the cheap-compounds called baking owders t -
catch the unwary. They are made.with alum and arepole@neigh
Oason-"Whbere else wall yo nd in one
spot Such products a marble, iron, clari
chtk, copper, lead, slate, glucose, fruits o
all kinds, hemp, I> and iall manner of
grains?" mn -a Audience-"I my lboy's
pocket."-Waif.
Tea college graduate thinks he knows
everything until he undertakes to hitch up
a niule. _
In Olden Timee
People overiQoked .the importanee oi per
manently beneincial- eecte4ad wre sa.at.
fled with transient action, but now that i is
generally known that Syrup of Figsp will
permanently cure hablluIl - ooestipation,
well-informed people wll onotbuy oter lax
atives, which act for a tame, bu fiAnally in
jure the system.
"Ta.nr robbers are after big game out
west." "Yes, they're tacklin' the porters
now."-Atlanta Constitution.
' August
Flower"
"What is August Flower for ?"
As easily answered as asked. It is
for Dyspepsia. It is a special rem
edy for the Stomach and Liver.
Nothing more than this. We believe
August Flower cures Dyspepsia.
We know it will. We have reasons
for knowing it. To-day it has an
honored place in every town and
country store, possesses one of the
largest manufacturing plants in the
country, and sells everywhere. The
reason is simple. It does one thing,
and doesit right. It cures dyspepsia@
The Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, OF ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our.common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). He has now in his
possedsion over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston.
A benefit is always experienced from
the first bottle, and a perfect cure is war
ranted when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts being
stopped, and always disappears in a week
after taking it.
If the stomach Is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Read the Label, Send for Book.
E OW~g
THEY WASH THEIR CLOTHES
WITH
CLAIR
ETTE
SOAP
Thtat's wOeetpey get twir style.
MADE ONLY BY
NK.RAIRBAK&CQ sT.Louis.
GROVE'S TASTELESS CHILL TONIc.
t is as pleasant to the taste as lemon
Thea smallest infant wil take it a.
never know it s meicine.
Children cy for it.
Chills once kn will not retnue.
CMI~on only half the price of etas
k tic qiine needed sin ro rgalt
ftýýWed:nýatowa aUr4
tbu-
disguising the tagte of the,$It:; .p
pairing its m esoy.. c " en -s' ! . ' , : .
YoK never can tell what glerms .of
mesa may be u p ison copyl_it ,
allowed to "let rmseIf ou"t."
Republican..__
i, atde's pUf=Oa_ nd ani 1T,
-Pike's Too Drkur1i pee inute`
treats Caestrb .Asthbma 3romSitS Dyrpepsl*
Chronlt Constipation. Dysentery. Pile, Slieum
stism, Malaria, Syphilis, etq.. by eall, fe
@5.00 PUR MONTE.
Ineludiag all medicjnes. Write e sympte
blanks. . J. WV. HYATT. . i, -
Odd aeloews BUlldr., Memphih Temm.
1HOUSEKEEPERS IPOKA;",L3ffE
Prus. s.I.s Id oMrer to oemln ee thANeS of
ihm es we will sed yon et o reent o .
"Sam; t raeglar p 5.Y. G oode Fairtoe 1t
potsa_ repaid. leimit rs aJ siobr i
]rtsUrgasiS:---Wiiber Mercas# ' e s
II.: Dunn's At ney. Memphis, Tm.ns.;suMss1dtii
,Sk. Helesa. J lrk.
waosdsa iMnANEmum soes"ma
Ely'isI Crean BaI 
CATARR.
si aos ta a enmsm a usbA t
esireiIs, i set S. eis M ,
I.Jts..sFet W.anlOs.. e s..5*.l
Rled and BlIakPiiIls
·frklL M fl ae..r sor pu a ia iii~
.W NliN K e., P. 10.8 eiee
DON'T FORCET,..
Nma of r, Ohio. ke rs-iassO ineiar
and T'ools for Boring and SRILLIM WELLS.
WI"M3i 1513l , sa..., 1e a.. sswa
SALYANO-ELECTRIC RE6ENERTORweetýs..
Medicines fail-THIS N .V Ilt DOES I Sent pest
weld for 67 by GaL,AO-OtmnCO CO., Sapeislsid. No.
la . should ewe Aero's C ers for
CsupaioIt has owned
DIT t has notiE -ay
It lithe test mush R syrup
Sold everynhira. lae.
A. N. K., F. 1473
w>UN WrlZrTIlN To ADVEETIsRI PL.3*a
attsws n~l~r