E LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
?. TLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, APRIL 28, 1894. NUMBER 8.
OUSSARD,
:/ it Ikiaker and
h tore Repairer
OP ALL KINDS.
.T h lIug of Banisters, Scroll Banisters,
riyiSt.eIu;Plain Mantels, Fancy Glass
koors of-aU kisds, Brackets, etc.
. LAPAYEB''BE, LA.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WillYELWRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
'Near Bank slidladng.
IBED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Loiwes prices, consistent with work
aone., All work promptly attended to.
Matisfaotion guaranteed.
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Offce on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - LA.
E. O. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lafayete, La.
IL W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
. . C. .& J. MOUTON,
Akttorneyss at I rvw.
LAFAYETTE, LA.
E. PRIOLLAUD,
Watchmaker
and Jeweler
-AND DEAIILE IN--
Rich Jewelry, Watches, Diamonds, Etc
Clejg's Cuilding, Courthouse Square,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
ALBERT de la HOUSSAVE,
Confectioner,
Vermillion Street, LAFAYETTE, LA.
-RAILROAD BARBERI .8110P.
Lincoln Ayenue, Near Depot.
THE "'OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
HI. L. I1ONNIER,
-Dealer in
General
lierchandise.
FRESH GROCERIES ALWAYS ON IIAND
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AEED AND
ND Stable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks FromrDepot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required.
LAFAYETTE, LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
.OPILOJUSAS, LA.
- , ---AND-
Sale Stable
B. COISTAITIN, Proprietor.
LAPAIThTE, - - - - LA.
DRJ.; L.,DUHART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years.
and in ieasayette.Parish 11 years, calls
-attetion to his new and successful troat
- . -aof.. te respiratory organs. Medi
aI.A ~ s "*combined with consti
tsilment affording a cure in
*. ;- Mi , In th o.frst .at. d second
tis ie_-follow exactly the treat
si.-re·e'h its the third period.
fs-and.hru'i dea s'es in gen
- 27
",P GU.L-EAU,
Notay :Public
- "' AND-
J e of the Pcace.
iaomptattesntn evet n t'
Sof bills, accounti n.otea or
d perchase oet ar· a -,
, lt T-4i.~-.,
Ls..'~~ L~li; ~ e~I ~ i!
NEWS OF THE WEEK.
Gleaned By Telegraph and Mall.
PERSONAEL AND POLITICAL.
Bsro.-GEr. OLIVEn LATHROP SiEr
AIERi died on the 16th at New York of
p neumonia, aged 81.
THn officials of the Brazilian, lega
tion in Montevideo have received a dis
patch saying the rebel warship Aquida
ban, formerly flagship of Adm. de
Mello, has been sunk off Santa Cathar
ina by Brazilian Torpedo boats.
TIIHEE thousand democrats met in
San Francisco on the night of the 16th
and passed resolutions denouncing Sen
ator Hill for his recent utterances in
the senate, and also condemning the
course of Thomas J. Geary in refer
ence to the Wilson bill The resolu
tions were to be laid before the United
titates senate.
SENATOR PALMEn has introduced a
bill repealing the state bank tax, but
prohibiting the issuing of money by
state banking institutions or by any
other corporation or person except na
tional banks.
SENATOR VANICE's body was followed
to the grave at Asheville, N. C., on the
18th by a large concourse of people.
The body laid in state in the First
Presbyterian church in that city for
three or four hours.
TiEm 18th was the day fixed for the
beatification of Juan d'Avilo Diego, of
Cadiz, and some 15,000 Spanish pilgrims,
headed by 150 bishops, marched to St.
Peter's, at Rome, where the pope offi
ciated and bestowed his blessing upon
the assembled multitude.
SENATOR COCKRIEL. has introduced a
bill which extends the homestead land
grant acts to include all members of an
organization called the Missouri home
guard, who served ninety days, and
were paid by the United States and had
been honorably discharged. It vali
dates all homestead entries heretofore
made by members of .his organization.
ON the 19th New England celebrated
patriots' day as a legal holiday.
SECLETARY GRESIIAM has received a
brief cablegram from Minister Thomp
son at Rio, confirming the report of the
sinking of the Aquidaban by the gov
ernment torpedo boat; the surrender
of Mello and 1,203 men, with his ships,
to the Argentine government at Buenos
Ayres and announcing that the rebel
lion is ended.
"SANGA.MO county, 1ll., democratic
convention has indorsed William M.
Springer for congress. Vote was unan
imous.
lio.. J. T. JAnvzs has been appointed
and has accepted the United States sen
atorship to succeed the late Senator
Vance, of North Carolina.
TiE grand duke of Hesse and the
Princess Victoria Melita of Saxe-Co
burg (daughter of the duke of Edin
turgh) were united in marriage on the
19th in the presencl of a brilliant as
semblage.
T'Pa Tillman dispensary law has
been declared unconstitutional by the
supreme court of South Carolina.
THE president on the 19th sent to the
senate a list of 151 army officers nomi
nated for brevet rank as a reward for
gallant and distinguished service in
Indian campaigns.
GEORGE J. GOULD has purchased the
Vigilant. The gentlemen who had the
yacht built last season to defend the
American cup against the Valkyrie de
cided to accept the terms offered by
Mr. Gould. Mr. Gould is to pay '25,
000 for the boat, and probably intends
to race the Vigilant.
STHE betrothal is announced of the
czarewitch of Russia (Grand Duke
Nicholas) to Princess Alix Victoria
Helen Louise Beatrice, of HIesse.
THE demonstration of the Working
men's Protective Tariff league against
the Wilson bill was begun in Washing
ton on the 20th.
C. l,. STOILL, one of the attorneys for
the defense in the late l[ollard-hIreckin
ridge suit, has written a sharp letter to
Judge Jere \Vilson, leading counsel for
the plaintiff, refusing to accept his
retraction of charges made against
Stoll 3n connection with the alleged
forgery of the famous black border let
ter introduced at the trial, charging
Judge Wilson with deliberately stating
what he knew to be untrue and strong
ly intimating that a duel would be
necessary to afford him (Stoll) ample
satisfaction. Judge Wilson treated the
matter very indifferently and charac
terized the affair as nonsense.
Ex-Gov. AND Ex-CONGRES.M3AN J. WV.
TrIROCKMOIRTON is confined to his home
in McKinney, Tex., with serious kid
ney trouble and is not expected to live
longer than a couple of days.
E. S. N. MORGAN, ex-secretary and
acting governor of the territory of
Wyoming, died at his home in Chey
enne. Deceased was twice a member
of the Pennsylvania legislatve assem
bly and was appointed secretary of
WVyoming by President Garfield.
MISCELLANEOUS.
By the explosion of a boier at Keo
kun, Ia., at the Hutchinson electrio
light plant, three men were instantly
killed and one fatally injured.
TnE Daughters of the Revolution
planted a liberty tree on the 19th in
Golden Gate park, Cal.,in soil gathered
from the graves of patriots.
EvanvYTING was quiet in the Polish
quarter of Detroit, Mich., on the 19th.
A SPECIAL from Deshler, O.; said that
a mob of jnfuriated men, women and
children nearly Iclled Florence Steven
son, Who had been living with George
Keim, a prominent businass man.
Keim's wife led the mob, al the Ste
venson woman was held under the
spout of a railway water tank until
she was nearly drowned. She was
then put on a train and sent out of
town. Keim barely escaped hanging
and was stoned out of town.
SAn FRANcIco Mardi Gras, which
has been held for three days, closed on
the night of the 19th with a grand
masquerade ball at the fair.
Tss Brussels police have arrested
Mme. .Tohntiauz, who belongs to one of
le most prominent families of Ant
w-m'p, for poisoning her sister, brother
nihusband's unclE durlng separate
-i,,te..which the deeeased persons made
1edierh, obse. for the ptsrpose of obtla
Knar c bmaMranoo,
W. . TaoMAs & Sox, the well.
known dealers and distillers in Louis
ville, Ky., made an assignment to the
Louisville Trust Co. Liabilities be
tween $500,000 and 0600,000, all of
which is secured by pledges of whisky
or stock. Assets not stated.
THE new fire and police board at
Denver: CoL, has ordered a strict en
forcement of the laws against gambling
and lotteries. The gambling houses
and lottery shops, numbering seven
teen, will be closed.
TROtrBEI. is expected in the strike of
coal miners in the Indian territory.
The Choctaw company have 300 negroes
en route from Texas and will try to
run their mines without whites. Every
white miner at Krebs, Anderson and
Hartshorn swears vengeance on the
blacks, and say they will never enter
the mines to take their places.
A uurEAr was effected in the strike at
Blue Creek, Ala., when fifty strikers
and a lot of imported negroes went to
work for the Tennessee Coal Iron &
Railroad Co. Two hundred more ne
groes have been contracted to go to
work at the same place.
A IrEAVY hailstorm visited Brook
ings, S. D., on the 19th, and nearly
every pane of glass in the southern and
eastern ends of the residence and busi
ness houses was destroyed. The agri
cultural college suffered about $100
loss in glass. The rai5 fell in torrents
and the storm was accompanied by
fierce lightning. It was expected that
there would be reports of storm dam
age from the country, as hail three
inches in circumference fell.
Asosxe the federal prisonQrs taken to
Brooklyn, from Fort Smith, Ark., was
the youngest bandit ever arrested in
that district. His name is Jim Rogels,
and he is 13-years old. lie was con
victed of holding up the postmaster at
llayden, I. T., at the point of a Win
chester and robbing the postmaster.
lie gets three years in the reform
school.
Six days of rain culminated in a bliz
zard at Ellendale, N. D., on the 19th.
Stock on the ranges it was reported
would suffer terribly as a great deal
had gone out during the previous week.
THi base ball season was opened in
different cities of the country on the
19th with great enthusiafm.
FAILURES for the week ended April
20 were 219 in the United States against
186 last year; in Canada, 45 against 22
last year.
PATrarcK J. SULLIVAN, who stabbed
his wife to death on the streets of San
Francisco a year and a half ago, was
hanged at the San Quentin prison.
SAnDOw, the strong man, has sent to
New York a certified check for $10,000,
which is to be presented to any person
who will duplicate his feats of strength.
IN turning the soil in the vicinity of
Moweaqua, Ill., a number of farmers
have discovered large number of lo
custs of extraordinary size. This ap
pears to confirm the rapidly spreading
belief that we are to have the seven
teen-year locusts this year.
BRADSTREZT's Review of Trade for
the week ended April 20 said that labor
disturbances were having an effect on
business. The exports of wheat amouht
ed to 3,019,000 bushels, a gain of 38 per
cent, over the preceding week.
Fnosr the northwest corner of tho
Creek nation comes news of a bloody
tight with cattle thieves. Vigilants
surrounded Bruce and Ed Miller and
Dutch John, finally killing the last
named. The others escaped, but a
posse is in pursuit.
CLEARING house returns for the week
ended April 20 showed an average de
crease as compared with the corre
sponding week last year of 26.9; in New
York the decrease was 29.0; outside.
23.5.
CONDENSED TELEGRAMS.
TilnRE negro men, charged with burn
ing the barn of C. King, near Leighton,
Ala., were taken from the jail at Tus
cumbia., on the 21st by about 60 masked
men and hanged to a covered bridge
over Spring Creek, in Tuscumbia.
A BACE war is on in 'Madison Parish,
La., and so far one white man and one
negro have been killed, one white man
badly beaten, and thirteen negroes are
now in captivity charged with murder.
THE Walker County miners of Corona,
Ala., 500 in number, on the 21st joined
the strike now on in that district. This
increases the strikers to nearly 10,000.
AT a meeting of the dispensary State
board of control of South Carolina, on
the 21st, orders, were sent out closing
all dispensaries in the State.
THE immense canning factory of G.
W. Dunbar's Sons & Co., at New Or
leans, was destroyed by fire on the 21st.
The loss is $100,000, partially insured.
Several hundred employes are thrown
out of work.
HENxrT ORLEY was shot dead in his
field in Murray County, Ga., on the 20th.
No one saw the assassins, but there is
no doubt that they are members of the
M1urray County whitecaps, most of
whom are moonshiners. He was for
merly a member.
SA BLOODY battle to the death was
fought near Perry, Oklahoma, on the
19th between six members of the no
torious Dalton gang of outlaws, headed
by Bill Dalton, and a force of United
States marshals. The bandits were
wiped out of existence by the bullets
from the Winchesters of the posse which
has been trying to effect their capture
for some time.
JI. ROERaS, aged 13 years, .has just
been convicted of holding up the post
master at Hayden, Ok., at the point of
a Winchester, and robbing the post
olee. He gets three years in the re
form school.
"TrE Tillman State dispensary law
has been declare4 unconstitutional by
the Supreme Court of South Carolina,
two justices concurring and one membeS
of the Supreme Bench dissenting from
the opinion.
Ox May 1st the State of Massachusetts
will pay off the last of its war loans.
The entire lean, known as the bounty
loan, and dated May 1, 1861, amounts to
p8,40~148, of Which $4,002,648 is a ste2l
lig loam, snd the balanoe. $4,879,5001 1
"KELLY AT OMAHA.
I Laortlg MIen 8bow Their Sympatlhy for
the *Consmmonweatlers"-l a Quandary.
OMAHA, Neb., April 21.-Three
thousand laboring men'marched out of
Omaha yesterday with banners flying,
bound for the camp of Gen. Kelly's
commonwealers at Westor. Ia., four
teen miles east of Council Bluffs. At
9 o'clock the signal agreed upon
at Thursday night's meeting
of the Central Labor union
the ringing of church bells
and the blowing of whistles-was
given, announcing that Kelly's army
was still at WVeston unable to secure
a train for the east. Inside of five
minutes 1,000 men- had gathered at
Jefferson square" and were quickly or
ganized into companies with a
captain for every ten men.
The march was then taken up
through Sixteenth street to Farnam,
where the column- proceeded to the
city hall and countermarched. At
every street recruits were received,and
when the column reached the Paxton
hotel there were 2,500 men in line.
Each company was provided with an
American flag, and as fast as recruits
joined they were formed into compa
nies and provided with banners.
Gen. Kelly had a consultation with
President St. John, of the Rock Island
road, and was told that a train could
not be furnished the men. The army
then took possession of a train and the
railroad company commenced to tear
up the track, but were prevented from
doing so. Kelly would not let the men
ride on a captured train, as he said this
would place them in the attitude of
law-breakers. The army again went
Into camp.
COXEY LEAVES II1S SiEX.
IIAGERSTowN, Md., April 21.-aGen.
Coxey left his army at this town last
night for a four days' absence in New
York, during which time he will at
tend the sale of some of his Kentucky
thoroughbreds.
A DOUBLE KILLING.
A Tennessee Saloonkeeper Uses a Shotgun
with Deadly Efecrt.
NASHvIr.LE, Tenn., April -21.-The
saloon kept by Thomas Ransey and lo
cated at the corner of Market and
Demonbreun streets was the scene of a
double killing last night. Riley Fore
man and Thomas Fagan, two young
men, were shot by Ransey, the weapon
used being a double-barreled shotgun
loaded with small shot. loth received
the fatal wound in the breast, and
death was instantaneous. Ransey was
immediately placed under arrest and
taken to pdlice headquarters, while
Deputy Coroner Combs impaneled a
jury of inquest and examined several
witnesses.
The evidence was to the effect that
while Foreman and Fagan were in the
saloon, two boys became involved in a
Squarrel, and they attempted to pre
vent Ransey from interfering. This
brought on a quarrel, during which
Foreman drew a knife, but the mattar
had apparently been settled, a fd
1 Foreman and Fagan were walking
through the saloon toward the front
door when they were killed. Ransey
was standing near the end of the bat,
and Fagan was in front of Foreman
Ransey first fired at Foreman, and al
most simultaneously shot Fagan. Fore
man's knife was found beside his body,
but Fagan had no weapon. The jury
-simply returned a verdict that both
had come to their death at the hands
of Ransey.
Ilansey, who is about 45 years old,
has been engaged in the saloon business
for a number of years, and has fre
quently been before the police court on
various charges. Foreman and Fagan
were about 2S years old. The former
wna n fisherman and the latter a stone
mason. Bloth had been drinking pre
vious to the tragedy.
I:roke the Bllade In the Wound.
ST. .osEIlr Mo., April 21.-John Don
ovan has long harbored a grudge
.gainst Mike Stark, and yesterday
morning the men met at the corner of
Fourth and Icessanie streets, when a
quarrel stated. Donovan had been
whipped by Stark and at once drew a
knife, slashing his enemy frightfully
about the arms, face and body. Final
ly he plunged the knife into Stark's left
side over the heart, and the blade was
broken off in the wound. Stark was
taken to his home and is in a precar
5us condition. I)onovan escaped across
the river into Kansas and has not been
captured.
Peculiar Way of (etting Satisfaction.
ST. Louis, April 21. - Landlord
William Richmond has a novel way of
:settling with delinquent tenants.
Emil Vils, a striking member of the
Brewers' union, was behind in his rent
for an upper flat owned by Mr. Rich
mnond. After repeated fruitless efforts
to secure the money, the owner sent
.·nrpenters to the house and had the
stairs cut down. Mr. Vils was away at
Sthe time and on his return was unable
lto climb up to his family and they were
equally prevented from coming down to
him.
Tramps Killed In a 1Vrek.
VASSAR, Mich., April 21.-A bad wreck
mecurred on the Bay City division of
the Michigan C~tral railroad at 4
o'clock this morning by which two men
were killed and another fatally injulred.
The train consisted of thirteen cars and
I left Qetroit at midnight. When half a
mile from this town a flat car next to
the engine jumped the track and was
followed by six other ears, all of which
were badly smashed. Three tramps
were riding on a flat car and fell under
a heavily loaded merchandise car.
Mir. Gladstone Feeling Better.
Lo]xDO-, April s1.-A statement was
issued last night that Gladstone was
~slightly indisposed during the past few
days. He was much better yesterday
and was allowed to come down stairs.
He hopes to resume his ordinary habits
in a day or two.
The fears of a commnercial crisis in
Buenos Ayres have substed. The rise
in the gold premium is due to the tem
porary suspension of the exports of
produce owing to the .low price of
wheat abroad, which bas caused a
Spcaroity of good blls of exehange. The
treoasry hoW b lds a rehakeLOO5.000.tQ
THE DALTON GANG.
The Reported Fight Betweea Deputy Mar
shals and the Outlaws Confirned.
GUTHRIE, Ok., April 21.-The report
received of a battle between the Dalton
gang and deputy marshals near In
galls, fifty-five miles from this city, is
confirmed. The fight occurred at the
house of Bruce Miller, one of the out
laws The officers surrounded the
house, all of them armed with Win
chestcrs, just before daylight. The
Dalton bandits were inside. No shots
were fired until one cf the desperadoes
came out, just about daylight, to feed
the horses. le was held up and told
to take a look around the grounds and
then return to the house, tell the ban
dits to come out one at a time, un
armed, and surrender, or hostilities
would be commenced.
After looking over the field, and find
ing in shooting distance of the house
twenty men well armed, the outlaw re
turned to his companions. Fully a
half hour's consultation -was had by
the bandits before a stir was made by
either party, and then the offiler in
command of the party ordered his men
to begin firing.
The house is a simple weather
boarded structure, and not plastered,
and the shots from the marshals' WVin
chesters quickly perforated the sides
of the building. The bandits returned
the fire and poured a rattling fire on
the officers through the *indows and
crevices of the house.
At 10 o'clock Mrs. Miller had been
wounded, left the house and crawled
to where one of the marshals was lo
cated behind a tree. She had received
a flesh wound and begged that she
might be permitted to ride to Ingalls
for a doctor to attend herself-and also
her baby and hired man, who were
both wounded.
The woman was permitted to saddle
a horse and leave. She would not
state how many outlaws were killed,
but admitted that Bill Dalton and Bill
Doolan had been seriously wounded.
The fight was kept up all day during
Wednesday.
Volley after volley was fired into the
house by the officers, and the constant
crack of the bandits' Winchesters told
of their determination to hold out and
refuse to surrender. Shortly after
nightfall, during a lull in the firing,
the bandits made a break from the
house and fled, pursued by the deputies.
They went in the direction of the Creek
Indian country.
The messengers who brought this
news did not learn whether or not Dal
ton and Doolasn had been killed, but
were told that three fatally wounded
bandits were left in Miller's house after
their companions had broken through
the line of officers. lieo.states that two
of the officers' posse were killed and
three wounded.
REVIEW OF TRADE.
The Strikes and Shutdowns-Exports of
WVheat-Fallures.
N EW YORK, April 21. -Bradstreet's
Review of Trade to-day says:
With the exception of the prospect for still
further extension of strikes and other labor
disturbances, no plainly retarding influence is
manifesting itself. So for as learned there are
about twenty-three additional strikes, in
volving 23930 people This brings the total
number of those now on a strike, or idle be.
cause of strikes, up to 60.030. The week also.
furnishes eleven shut-downs of important in
dustrial establishments, more than offset by
resumptions of thirty-two others. which fur
nish employment to 5.003 operatives, although
seven important ostab:ishments announce re
ductions in wages.
Exports of wheat (flour included) from both
coasts this week amount to 3,019,0.0 bushels, a
gain of 38 per cent over the preceding week.
In a like week of last year the total exportation
was :e71,tc0). two years ago, 3,107,0)0 bushels,
and three years ago it was 2.'02.001.
Cincinnati. Louisville, Duluth. Minneapolis
and St. Paul report hardly as favorable trade
conditions as in the preceding week. The
first two cities announce business duller,
while in the northwest the railway strike
and wet weather are in part responsible. On
the other hand, Cleveland Detroit. Milwau
-kee and Kansas City announce considerable
improvement in the jobbing demand. and in
several instances among manufacturing in
dustries At Omaha trade is checked, due to
the revival of farm work following the good
rains throughout Nebraska, which was to be
expected. lNo material change is reported
from Chicago or St. Louis. the volume of busi
Wass in staple lines being about an average;
fair summer trade anticipated.
FAILURES OF THE WEEK.
NEW YoltK, April 21.-R. G. Dun A
Co., concluding their weekly review of
trade say:
The failures of the past week have been
somewhat more important than usual, but
were 219 in the United States. against 186 last
year, and 45 in Canad ,. against 2" last year.
For the first half of April liabilities reported
have been 4,168i,416, of which $2,082,530 were
of manufacturing, and 1,914,8367 of trading con
cerns.
GEN. WEAVER.
A Itumor Says lHe Is to Slake Kansas His
Future home.
DEs MOINES, Ia., April 21.-Gen. J. B.
Weaver, the silver-tongued orator of
populist fame, is about to pack up his
worldly goods and move to Kansas.
Gen. Weaver returned Thursday
nig-ht from a trip through Kansas,
Arkansas and the southwest. Hie made
several speeches during his absence,
but it is understood the object of the
tour was the selection of a place to set
up a- new home. It was rumored he
had decided to move into the Sixth dis
trict in Kansas and run for congress.
Opening of the Vthana Exposltion.
VIENNA, April 2t.-A national expo*
sition for the display of all kinds of
articles in the departments of economo
ical food, army and navy supplies and
protection of lif. and transport, to
gether with a special display in con
nection with sport. was opened with
elaborate ceremones to-day. The ex
position will continue until the middle
of June.
Look for a Plague of Lousts.
MtOWEAQUA, Ill., April 21.-In turn
intg the soil in this vicinity a number
of farulers have discovered large num
bers of locusts ot extraordinary size.
Thi:s appears to confirm the rapidly
spreading belief that wa are to have
the seventeen-year locusts this year.
Mr. Throckmnortonl serloalsty IL
DALI.As, Tex., April 2t.-Ex-Gov. and
ex-Congressman J. WV. Throckmorton,
in bad health for several months. is
now confined to his home.in McKinney
with serious kidaey trouble aa4 is not
expectid (c Wv. longr ttP .W; I
QdS (ay
CONGRESS.
(eadenaed Proceedings of the Senate and
Houe for the Fast Week.
THu senate held a very short session on the
14th. Mi. Walsh, the new senator from
Georgia. offered a bill for the reform of the
judiciary. Mr. Quay's resolution to hear a
delegation of workingmen was tabled. Mr.
Quay spoke in opposition to the tariff bilL
After an executive session the senate ad
journed.... As soon as the house met Mr. Reed
(Me.) resumed his fllibustering tactics upon
the approval of the journal and the house ad-i
journed. a democratic caucus being in session
to consider a new rule by which a quorums may
be counted.
No business wae-transacted in the senate on
the 16th, the body adjourning on account of the
death of Senator Vance.... The same action
was taken by the house The latter body also
adopted resolutions on the death of Gen.
Slocum. Each house appo'nted committees to
attend the funeral of the late Senator Vance.
WaVEN the setAWe met on the 17th. by con
sent, after much talk, it was decided that gen
eral debate on the tariff bill should continue
until Tuesday. Debate on the tariff bill was
then continued with but little interest in the
subject....The house had under consideration
the new rule to provide for the counting of a
quorum, and at one time a lively debate was
promised but it snbsid-d and the rule was
fnally adopted, all the republicans voting for
it and 47 democrats against. The rule pro
vides that on each roll call tellers shall be ap
pointed to note members present and refusing
to answer to their names, who shall be re
ported as present but not voting and shall be
counted. 'he house soon after adjourned.
Tar tariff debate was resumed in the senate
on the 18th. After the morning hour expired
Senator Morrill (Vt.), who has just passed his
84th year, spoke for over an hour and was lis
tened to with marked attention. Senator Tur
pie supported the tariff bill and Senator
Caffery (La.) said he would support the bill
Senators Cameron and Quay (Pa) spoke in op
position. The senate then went into executive
session.... The house devoted the entire day to
debate on the consular and diplomatic bill
THE day in the senate on the 19th was occu
pied by Mr. Perkins (Cal.) in a speech against
the tariff bill. The conference report on the
urgenoy deficiency bill was agreed to, and Mr.
Peffer's resolution for the appointment of a
committee for the purpose of hearing the
grievances of Coxev's army was debated by
Senators Petter and Allen, both of whom fa
vores it. The resolution went over. At 5
o'clock eulogies were pronounced upon the late
Representative Enobhs, of Ohio. and the sen
ate adjourned.... When the house met a resolu
tion offered by the chairman of the Pacific
railroads committee was adopted calling on the
secretary of the inter or for information as to
what provision roads aided by the government
had made for the payment of maturing bonds.
The house then went into committee of the
whole to consider the diplomatic bill, but a
game of baseball in the afternoon dissolved the
quorum and the house adjourned.
IN the senate on the :2oth Mr. Sherman re.
ported a bill for the correction of an error in
the Biehring sea bill recently passed, which was
passed without opposition. Mr. Peffr's reso
lution for the appointment of a reception com
mittee for Coxey's army ca.e up and although
brieflv considered was severely handled by
senator Hawley. in which he referred to the
speech of Senator Allen (Ncb ), the day before
In terms of regret. Senator Allen took the
flo r to reply, but the tariff bill came up and
displaced the resolution. Debate on the latter
bill continued until adjournment.... The busi
ness in the house was of no general interest
Friday being a day devoted to private bills,
and the evening session to pension claims.
NAILED TO CHURCH DOORS.
Remnants of Hnmaan Skin Flayed from the
Ilacks of Tranagressors.
There are many traditions handed
down that the doors of certain of our
oldest churches had been covered with
human skin flayed from the bodies of
transgressors who had been guilty of
the sin of sacrilege. Some years ago
Sir Harry Englefield first called the at
tention of the Society of Antiquaries to
the existence of such a tradition re
garding the churches of iladstock and
Copford, in Essex; and lion. Rich
ard Neville, in his "Antiqun. Explor
ata," affirms the record preserved by
popular belief in those parishes.
It appears that a similar tradition
was held in Worcester in relation to
the great north doors of the cathedral
-supposed to have been covered with
the skin of a person who had robbed
the high altar.
The skin, on examination by a power
ful microscope, proved to be human
skin. Portions of skin obtained from
the church doors at Liadstock and Cop
ford have al: t on scientific examina
tion, been shown to have been human.
Mention is made by Pepys, in his diary,
of a visit, in 1661. to Rochester cathe
dral,to see the skins of the Dancs,with
which the doors, as it was then be
lieved, were covered. -London An
swers.
CAVALRY AND COLD STEEL.
An Attack of Troops with a Light Artillery
Accompanilnent.
If you allow a cavalry soldier to for
get the value of cold steel, and rely on
fire-action, you destroy the dash and
elan which make him formidable, and
should be his characteristic. There
fore Frederick one hundred and thirty
years ago ordered his troopers always
to attack, and while he discounte
nanced the use of carbines, gave them
the necessary support which fire lends,
by organizing a light artillery to at
tend their movements.
Napoleon has told us that "cavalry
cannot reply to fire, and can only fight
with the steel," and fully recognizing
where lay the weakness of his horse
men, he gave them an auxiliary in the
shape of horse artillery which, so far
from hampering their movements,
added to their boldness and enterprise
when acting independently ahead of
his vast armies. The co-operation of
the two arms was also then found to
work in another direction to the benefit
of both, for while projectiles loosen
compact formations and reqder the at
tack of squadrons more dangerous, the
cavalry force the scattered units to
draw together and present an easier
target. for the guns. Especially was
this noticeable during the pursuit of a
beaten foe. A battery, bold and well
placed, may deny a..whole road to the
retreating eolumns, and long lengths
of "train" may have to be abandoned
on the inroad of a few acculrately di
rected shells.-Saturday Review.
Ellgible.
Mamma-Edith, it is announced that
the young man with whom I forbade
you to dance the other night has em
bezzled two million dollars.
SEdith-V-Well, I suppose you'll admit
now that your judgment is not alway.
infallible. -Town Topics.
1il1t Average AlU IRight.
Pegg-Sometimes the absolute faith
my boy has in ray wisdom makes me
almost ashamed of myself.
Potts-You need not worry. It will
average up all right. By the time he
is twenty he w iShink yout know noZl
:a :..-.< -
SOUTHERN GLEANINGS.
An Alllgator Story (rom (rGeosga.
An alligator story which beats the -
record comes from Early county, Ga. .
Some negroes were at work in a turpentine
farm near Damascus cleaning lse trash and.
straw away from the boxes paratory 1o
burning Rff the woods, when they came scro s
an alligator who had crawled out during them
warm spell to put on his new asyh suit, but
who was knocked back into estato or dormancy
by the cold snap. The old fellow -was lying
there stilt, bard, motionless and crusty, and
the negroes decided that they would make an
end of him by burning him; so they dipped
turpentine out of the boxes and covered him
over with that.tubstance, and then heaped pine
straw on top of him, and then poured more tur
pentine on that.
When the fire began to blaze, his alligator
ship suddenly awoke from dreams of icebergs
and hoar frosts into what he supposed was the
land of perennial summer, where the bad 'ga
tors go. Nevertheless, instinct was stronges,
than intellect, and Old OCruty decided that.
even though he were in hades, he would split
for a pond. He splitted, and through the pine
woods he went, leaving a long streak of fire.
His rapid flight to the pond gave him the aip.
pearance of a gorgeous meteor floating away,
leaving behind it a tail of flame.
A minute later the 'gator was rolling over
and under in thebs cooling waters of a cypress
pond, put the woods were burning.
The festive darblies, who a minute before
were waiting and watching in unfeigned glee
to see the 'gator burn, were now busy fighting
fire. After a long while they succeeded in put.
ting it out, but ten crops of boxes had been d.
stroyed.
Italians for the Delta.
Italian immigration into the Yazoo
Mississippi delta has received a sudden
impetus.
This is caused by propositions made by Capt.
C. II. Williams. of Gre-nville. to the Italian
authori-ies, and which have met with their ap
proval Capt. Williams, who is well backed
by many large planters in Washington and ad
Jacent counties, offers to furnish all immi
grants with families, upon their arrival
in this country, with land on easy
terms. lease with privilege of pur
chase at the end of two years. or to sell them
land. to be paid for in ten years. He says he
can supply a practically unlimited number of
immigrants with homes in this manner, and
that his principals will advance them supplies,
as is done with negro tenants. It is under
stood that none but families able to pay their
own passage are desired. The demand for
such tenants is very large, and comes from all
parts of the delta.
Tea l~aising in South Carolina.
A dit - .cil _ .-n. totu, Di. C".,
says:
Th1e 13- -1" . c C . i:.i, n re
port fro i. i- C ,:,- . '.-V, ..ic, - conssa l ar
Charles, o, :. t: ,- . . C,: . arontaa.,
in which a ., ,,e all.
where t "1i. 1z_. i = v ý°v relyles
promise s *- -t. . -ý t .r . " rie -on 7
tea ther, .- : : -: n v..
which rLL a r
being we,, .n -.. por
wholosal. j -1.: " n, ord 37 -
pounds . , " t ,- - s:'re d.
The plan', : s::: aaic tier
results a - "nui- .t. tlist. '
Ge.,. .loi,.nson find ant
The - . ,,.  t o 'vials hav.
-esmn t.·'l .. .- . , , -,, '..of Indianola,
Miss., t 1 t t• I i' ,federiste voter
ans reun ::- u Ala
Wvillian : t1 , was the
body snara,, or ^;r:.
during thint .i .t. ,awar be
the states A' ......
from his to, t.. n: . -r n ut
this faitt-. -,t r" cr" tt. 'ill-om is 1 grea
favorite wt t, -i, , )I. Ii . ,- at.i they w li
give him r,.. r' :rt.:! rletenr . hi" stayl ;
Birmingh"m.
Ac.-.i ieu.atl Sf1inct Si w 'ater.
Near A-h=iar City. Tt-rn . I anetee
Sam Jor . .'r n .d .'.-c d 1 s ''i; rs: -
ter.
He was orpistol in the
presence if i.. .it r end toirt
ed it at th. -i. r., ir tihe hansi
mer pulled tci.. to trihtent her.
The ,istol t-ra. , -.ar.:o . t' - llet :pene
trated her hiw '-- atna left eye. The chil
dron's mother out in tile yard heard the shot,
and rushed Into the house to find three ter
rorized children weeping over the corpse of her
oldest girl.
Did Not See the ".Healer."
Simon Davis, a well-known farmer of
Kerr county. Tex., went to San Anto
nio to be treated for heart disease by
Don Pedrito, the so-called Mexican
saint. Owingi to the lnrge crowd at
Don IPedrito's home Mr. Davis could
not see the wonderful healer, and had
just entered a hack when he dropped
dead.
Crushed by a Falling Tree.
A sad incident occurred near Syha
caufgn, Ala., the other day.
A. J. Bowden. accompanied by his son and
his father-in-law, went out la the country in a
wagon. A heavy storm arose while they were
en route home. The timber was scattered
right and left, and finally a large tree-wat
blown across the wagon. Bowden was.-' l
instantly, his head being mashed almost to a
pulp. his son fatally injured, and his father-lan
law seriously hurt.
A Boy Swallows a Tin Whistle.
Quite a serious accident happened to
the little son of Mr. WV. D. Porter.
cashier of the Merchants' and Farmers' - -.^
bank of Oxford, Miss. s
He was blowing a little flat tin- whistle,
when he swallowed it. It has caused no
trouble yet. but the physicians think that
there is dan ger until they succeed in getting
it out.
Children Burned to Death.
The cabin of John Duncan, a negro,
about 5 miles from Pineville, Kyv.,
caught fire and burned down, cremat
ing three small children. The children
had been left in the house alone, and
were too small to get away from the"
burning~bnuilding.
Looks ausplious
The mutilated remains of W7. H.
Rntland were found in the ashes f
his residence near Madison Station,
Tenn. Neighbors~believe it was mur
der and robbery.
A Fatasl Exhlbtlon.
A student at Blount county (Ala). )
college shot himself fatally while hold -,
ing a pistol in his mouth and showiua
ladies how far he could pull the triggr.
Why " Was -Lynehaed. . -
Henry Montgomery, coloed,. war ,
lynched at Lewisbnrg, Tean. MoU@
gomery had served a term for ldrs r
and threatened to burn out whites. , " -
Chliled to Another Pleat O.
Prof. k(. S. Ricketts, for twenty p~
with the Whitworth college, -
haven, Miss., was elected president
SMcGehee college, Woodvflle,Mius.
*'*tewat of the Viddrea"
Tenn., found that W. M.~Lc
had been wanting he'ii
Was iui~V~ UR4 h4 ~lthia~
-- 9~.~·:·-