ht M y yyl'l
-~ AFAITETEGAZETE,
lIE LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, APRIL 7, 1894... NUMBER 5
Ill lib A • iii ii
. BSQUITA
bs Aue.thor.
~: HB pubblished
. aouoont of that
S'terrible e aon
in the Mull of
Cantyre are
e- v y inaceu
rate, but I
should have let
them pass un
der ordi nary
elrcmamstano ea
My poor friend,
Prot Quintus
Extremas e
nothing for popular opin
,liae never looked at a news
-liv- g, and it seems un
1'ild4 adopt the practice now.
e that the scientiftl Jour
- `misapprehend the story of
ate-.and that he would feel
Al-:the lesson of it may be
the facts be made plain. No
perform that service for the
bM smelf, and I regard it as a
4ai motive of his retirement to
i Cantyre is nlisunderstood.
yhinted in society, I hear,
patient scorn of his contem
'drove that great soul to make
in a barren spot, far from
terof men. In other words,Prof.
te simplest of human be
wholh mind was absorbed in
for the happiness and advance
the, race--was a misanthropel
cmdie 'haritable it not much
tnformed have stated that his
ecame so irritable under the
~ re of those tremendous studies
iealcuations that he felt stifled as by
"iiwd "even in his lonely house on Ep
is. There is some faint truth
'He said to me once that every
.I.,maed to be Derby day when he
at.blhi eyes But a mind so well bal
sideo reasonable, would never have
tempted to withdraw into the
rtfor such was his abode on the
HiL of Cantyre-by fancies like these.
T-etyeluctance to move which is natur
:. to such dispositions would have
. hc:- kedhim. The truth is that Prof.
S httahad long foreseen the necessity
Sec ng a habitation in which he
carry through his last decisive
"reFsLse without fear of harming any
"on.'e idea himself. This fact I have
nmder his own hand, in a letter dated
Suly 7 last year. I had heard of his
'-uraty.rto Cantyre-as who did not?
.'e moremnents of such a world-wide
ggenIus'are chronicled at the antipodes.
na: a wer to ny inquiries, the profes
. - wrote:
' •'It is quite true that I have built a
little house at Ratholin; you shall
"' oeaiond-see it for yourself if all goes
. :wll-about this time next year, so far
:- :- Ican calculate. It is true also that
._l-haye built it secretly-that is. Scot,
:iy -lakyer', made all the arrangements
" iithont naming me. But the state
'Ispt .that I have paid many visits to
assure myself that the laboratory, etc.,
s prMoperly constructed, that I mean to
live there. and all the other gossip
hich your retail, are grotesquely inex
.tet. Where is no laboratory, I had
sever seen the house till last week, and
I have not thought of living in it ex
mept for a day or two at rare intervals.
.Isis Ave years since I perceived that
'tnime would come, if my researches
sled me to the result which they seemed
to indicate, when it would be
advisable to have a 'pied a terre'
ti.l ome unpeopled neighborhood.
I consulted Scot, in the strictest
confidence, who advised Ratholin.
Shi-hs carried out my wishes admir
ably- The little house is comfortable
enough for me, and for you too. I
hope. As for the main point, there is
but. one human dwelling within five I
miles, and the occupants of that, a
shepherd's family, are more than will
iag to turn out for the day upon pay.
I
.o.. re.ign If you wish to d
e to me at Epsofn as ii
on condition that
I have some very h
to show yoP." y
a.su no "ac0ident" in
Y poor friend did not e
olid happen. he foresaw a
Sansovereiger. Inf you wisth, the
pm published prove so
eae who considers them
It-lwould have been an
,b.~ea ad a strange one, it a
: rsquita'·s character and
-teon left alone in the
e hexprns desirase Ofe
: I _whobulhaveents all
*mu ast rea peo tte i ",
Sta caWacterus and
--aur ·rtblent in
itenlt aenall it emn
ead asthat the
Sonsequences what they might-Prof.
Beqnuia, the glory of English solence,
the dear friend of so many among his
confreres, undertook that last opera
tion whleh should crown, and, as it
were, sum tip all the labors of the
human intellect, in all ages
at What was-that operation? I cannot
t tell precisely. Mrs. Sequita has found
very little to assist conjecture in the
e study at Epsom, and of his papers at
SRatholin not the tiniest fragment re
I mains. It would be quite consistent
t with the professor's other arrange
s- meats to destroy every hint of his pur
y pose before leaving home. For if" the
b operation succeeded, he designed, 1
It know, to make a public announcement
5 instantly; but if it failed, hebwould be
e anxious to prevent others following the
s- ame deadly course of experiment.
s Therefore, it is scarcely to be hoped
- that detailed memoranda survive.
" But although unable to give any ex
r" act information, I can furnish some
Of hints. Prof. Sequita chatted to me
'l a friend from boyhood, ignorant of
Stechnical science-more freely, per
0 haps, than to his brother savants,
5 upon the final purpose of his investi
° gations. There is no harm, 1 think,
in .sketching the general idea which
o those conversations left on my mind.
L Everyone knows that the higher prop
* erties of electricity were his special
study of late years. After inventing
e all those wondrous applications of the
n power which have made his name im
mortal and gained him such wealth,
he sought, in his own words, the First
Cause. Of his -onclusions upon that
r matter, up to a very recent date, there
is no secret-they will be published
b shortly. But this inquiry led him, by a
a parallel course, to speculate on the
e mechanics of electricity. That it is the
Snly force of nature, as we say, the
V
V
I VISITED THE SProT.
professor had demonstrated long ago.
That it is life, not only the principle of
life, and that men possess intelligence
in proportion to the volume or the ac
tivity of electric matter within them
will be shown in the work forthcom
ing. From these conditions it follows
that if electricity could be stored in
the human body, every mental or phys
ical capacity would be strengthened to
a degree only limited by the amount
which it could hold. "Visions of glory
crowd the aching sight," murmured my 1
poor friend many a time as in broken, I
thoughtful phrases he hinted rather
than spoke to me of the theme that ab
sorbed him. The feeblest mind would
soar to the heights of genius; genius
would rise to the level of angels. Air
and water would be as familiar to man
as earth. No limits would bound his
forces or his enterprise. And he could
live unchanged for ever.
But how to charge the body with this
elixir, and how to retain it? Such were
the problems which held Prof. Sequita
enthralled daily and nightly for ten
years past. He never confided the re
suit of his labors to me, and if any
were dropped, I had not knowledge
enough to grasp them. Gradually,
however, I came to perceive that his I
course was growing plainer. He
thought at least that he had a clew. It 1
must have been about that time Mr.
Scot received instructions to build a
little house in some unpeopled spot
I am reluctant to name the idea that
formed itself in my mind, because it
may do the professor injustice; but
your readers will understand that it is
entirely my own. I fancied then that
be had the project of reducing elec- ,
tricity to a form which might be in
haled, or by some such means taken
into the body, like gas-not, as at pres
ent, by a series of shocks which must
kill before any great quantity has been
absorbed. How it was to be retained,
I have no suspicion. Once, however, I
touched upon that point, and he an
swered laughingly: "If the genie
doesn't tear me to pieces, I will force it
into the bottle-and trust me to keep
it there!"
This was the operation, I make no t
doubt, which shocked the universe by h
its terrible result. Everyonehasheard i
how the merrymakers of Arbroath
were tossed headlong on a sudden in
heaps, how the farm buildings were
unroofed, and a tidal wave swept the i
coast. To speak of an "explosion" is
singularly insacurste. All agree that, i
no sound was heard, no wind felt, no
movement of the earth. Prof. Sequita g
was torn to pieces by the genie he had
raised. Of his cottage, and all in it,
-ot a trace remains; but the soil be
neath is undisturbed, the foundation 1
walls are shaved off, as it were, at the h
level of the sground. I have visited the a
spot-how sadly unlike the visit to t
which I had looked forward-anU in n
truth superstitious persons might think e
that some Divine vengeance had fallen t
on it! Had Prof. Sequita's design suac
oseded, men woult have been as gods- o
boundless in their forces and capacities B
--immortal. Is there ta point at which
dread powers stand eimed to arrest the
trinmiphal march of ienuee DId our
lost friend, suspeeMting only material s
dangers, touch. that point? Sometimes g
tthk so." . .
-I. 18 the states. '-of 4UInles, In
iima.'o I-a a KRa ses lacked but
-iwea @1 abs of dirows O*
~~u&1~hoasfla
" FARM AND GARDEN.
.i A TERRIBLE BURDEN.
it Poor Roads Are the Hwavest Leads sIhrm
ha ers Save to Carry.
There is considerable talk in a quiet
ot way among farmers concerning the
rd roads and the question of bettering
he them. They are beginning to realize
at that the only time the roads are good
'e- is in the summer when they are most
nt engaged with their farm work, or by a
e- chance freeze up in winter. The times
ir- when they need them the most they
he are the worst. In the city where peo
1 pie drive for pleasure the roads are al
nt ways good. The first and most liberal
be improvements are put upon the high
oe ways. An investment of this nature
t. not only serves for pleasure, but com
ed mercial profit. No business man would
allow for a moment a mud hole or rut
x
!d A SOFT ROAD ANoD A ARD PLrnL.
cent. of the Lssesatd valuation in Monroe coun
ty would build and maintain a system of arteri
al county roads, forming hard smooth ways at 1
all times of the year, and connecting Rochester ]
with all the princlpal villages and towns within
the county limits.
before his place of business-he could
not afford to; how much less can a
farmer afford poor, rough roads? As a
matter of business he cannot afford
them as well as can a merchant. It is
a fact well established that roads over
which farmers carry their produce to
market return the largest interest upont
the cost of construction. A good road
saves from 3 p to h to the farmer, and C
oftentimes more, because there are
times that the roads cannot be used atou
all. The habit that somein a system our pate- 1
masters have of plowing and dragging, I
only ruins a road; with good drainage, a
and no good road can be buss-heor maincould
tained without drainage, the heavy a
scraper and heavy roller are best on
common dirt road. There is more to
wthe farmer in good roads than there is
markein politics.
MR. FUNNYMAN'S IDEA.
A Farmer Humorist Tells How to Have
thecostofGood Roads. good road
a esI can Inform your read to the farmers of the very
tim best way that roads cann be improved
and the only way to have laofting roadth
Take the road tax from every farmergging,
and who is willigoodg or able to build up and
Scare for a limited length of road. Dl
Svide the country roads up into smallvy
chunks. Give a premium of a new h
r kind of pig or a new strain of cockerel
Sfor the bet improved chunk of road in
the care of any single farmer.
Get the ladies interested by or in good roads than therie ngs
them prizes of sweetmeats or chocolate
i drops if the will use their influence
with their husbands, father and sweet
heartmer, to make and keep up their
quota of the road. Have kissing bees
I which will interest the boys, they will
do any sort of work for a kiss. This.
carewill start up a big excitemength oft through
out the country.
O chunkser to give all the stone, gravel or
sand of piecessary to make a permanent of cockerel
road. When there is no stone there is
plenty of gravel, and when there is no
gravel there is sand. ofix sweeteatsand with chocolate
clay-mix gravel with clay-mix stone
broken as small as hen's eggs withnuence
clay. Tax city people and farmerst
who do not help to make the road ir
Then when everything begins to
work smoothly ffinterestr a reward for the twill
poorest worked piece of road. The re-is
ward may be a pair of mule's ears cutgh
from the head of a defunct mule, wellcountry.
greased and dried. There is nothing
like rewards offered to start the
farmer into grood actions. I feel confi
dent if the above is put into practice s t
we will have the best roads that the a
world ever saw. And we will have ab
plenty of fungravell s well as good roads. to
Stir 'em up.-Cor. Rural World. St
Fungugravel there pors sandix eeds.and
Some fungous diseases of fruits andwith
vegetables live over winter in thers
seeds. This is especially true of the
bean anthrly nose, ad possibly also ofthe
the watermelon rotpiece of road. The spores
in the seeds may be killed by soaking
for an hour ingood a solution of threeonfi
ounces of the abcopper carbve Inate put into practic ne
quart of ammonia and de will have
plefour and a half gallons of water. This,
Funsoats and wheat pres p aratory to w pr
Slice on hungoudreds diseof farmses of fruits and i
vegetables live over wineted.r in theh
The farmers wi especially be thrue pof theripal
benefits will be extended possibly also of
the greates t importance Th e move-r
forent san hould command the support of a
every tizen, and wherever a man oise i
four and a with moss-covered ideas of po
is ressomehthe simihould boe t espeial objetof
o ons eration byand in actalprac- Ti
iochester Democrat and Chroniie
er bdst Is ive bsalte. ml
Don'The farmers will be the priyfrcipal t
athe greatesy m have t importancn order toe
meat (the common name for esuplortde of
found wis th mats-overedal widheas of po hese
grthe ason But for the especial object en
of consideration by hi#s neighboras.a
alhe t. They putt have it in ord s to m
-Bow oon it turns o er.' Giver
PLANTING PEAR TREES..
Theo Misd Whise Are most Presable :e<
the Average U-rower.
Never plant pear trees on wet soil.
Do not be afraid to manure them, for
you cannot produce large and luscious
t pears on starved tres.- Do not let them
run too near the sky, but prune back
sg some every year. If this is done in
e Juine and July it will induee fruitful
Sness in trees that are tardy bearers.
at Of all the early kinds Tyson is my
a favorite. It is almost free from blight
° and for beauty and delicate flavor it is
' scarcely equaled. Seckel is also nearly
o blight proof and behaves well either as
a dwarf or standard. It bears well
al and for sugary richness and high lavor
• is equal to the best. Howell is another
re favorite and is a dependable bearer,
° but the fruit is too soft for market.
SSheldon should not be forgotte, as .it
t is one of the best of the fall varieties.
Bartlett is too well known to be de
scribed and should be planted either
for home or market use. Anjou is
about the best of the winter kinds, ex
cept it be Lawrence. All these are well
tested and of high qualities almost
every way. Those who want to make
money regardless of giving orease to
those who really know what good
pears are should plant Kieffer. It will
pay in almost any market, and when
cooked with sugar is quite good. Le
Conte is almost tasteless, but in the
south it pays for market.-Prot L. H.
Van Deman.
NOTES ABOUT MILKING.
What to Do and What Not to De-Prae.
tleal Suggeetions.
It is a blessed sight easier to keep
rt the dirt and ill flavor out of the milk
n than to take it out of the butter.
r Any delay in setting the milk lessens
the quantity of cream obtained. To
,t secure the best results in cream raising
tr let the milk be strained and put at rest
° at once it is drawn from the cow. To
test this, strain one-half the cow's milk
d into a pan as soon as you get up from
a the milk stool. and strain the other
a half into another pan half an hour
later and note the difference in re
1s suits.
r The old-time method of covering the
o milk pail with a strainer cloth, laying
a clean clam shell in the depression
i and milking in the clam shell, is not
one which modern dairymen need to
c laugh at. The practice is excellent,
It allows straining the milk instantly,
and does not permit the streams to
force filth through the strainer, as their
force is expended upon the hard and
odorless clam shell, or other like sub
V stance.
1 In milking a cow with sore teats al
ways wet them first, also place the
s hand so the sore will come in the palm
of the hand.
Do not expect to pound milk out of
a cow with the stool, and halloing
a is no better than pounding.-Farm
Journal.
TEMPORARY MENDING.
How to Repair a Break nla Greenhouse o
r Elsewhere.
1 I find two large metal buttons and a
bit of copper wire an efficient means of
temporarily mending a break in green
house or elsewhere, provided that none
MENDING BREAKS Ir ORGEHOUSE.
of the pieces has fallen out. Where
the two or more cracks meet, remove
the pointed piece and carefully break I
off a small bit of the point, replace the 2
piece, lay one button face down on the I
outside with the ends of the wire down
through opposite holes, and both ends
through the opening in the glass; put c
the other button on the wire face up;
twist the wire until the buttons press
the glass firmly, and the pieces will be
held securely.--Elder's Wife, in Amer
ican Gardening.
The Poaltry Dustness.
The raising of poultry on the farms
of the country is not as general as it t
should be, nor is the subject ever given
a thought, as a rule, when figuring on
the most profitable or productive crops
to cultivate. It is no secret that the
staple products furnish the smallest
profits for the investment of money.
time and labor involved. The raising 1
of turkeys, chickens, geese and ducks
brings more money to the farmer or 4
farmer's wife on the investment, than n
anything else that can be named.
Rarely a failure except through groamss
neglect, they are always marketable at
a profit either alive or dressed; apart 1
from them the eggs alone bring in quite
a revenue. The favorable conditions d
essential to success in raising other
crops are not demanded, and no good
excuse can be offered for not raisin t
more or less in every state in the union.
They are needed on every table so there g
is always a local as well as outside de-o
mand for poultry and eggs, and hence
the elements of risk do not figure to
the extent visible in other enterprises.
Urowth of sphetrries.
The Prairie Farmer gives in sub- d
stance the following directions in the h
management and growth of raspbee -
ries: Raspberries grow from young ,
canes that spring up in gardens annual
ly. The old ones die out when they
have furnished their crop All the
pruning then required is to cut Oant the
dead or old wood and shorten theyoang
canes. This is often done in the sm
mar, and the canes shortened until they Il
are about thrCe or four feet high
When grown as a bush no stkes are
required, though in this form they ca t
not welr be Pioteeted, if of a teude
kind, by laying down. When grown
the old-fashioned way, th ktlktnda o
are laid doaw, covered w isajl and bi
.UA $@ctso fdkn a.~6
THE BUTTER INDUSTRY.
Sisorr of One of the staple Oommoeditse
of Moder.m eram ..
L Mention is several times made of the
, word butter in the English translation
of the Old Testament, but most schol
are understand the Hebrew word for
k butter to refer to some liquid prepara
Stion of milk or cream. The oldest dies
1- tinet allusion to butter is by the Greek
. historian, Herodotus, with an occa
y sional reference by other contempo
it raneous writers who lived about five
is hundred years before Christ. The.
y Thracians and the Greeks were the
I earliest nations to adopt it as food, for
11 it served as an ointment before it came
to be eaten. It subsequently came into
t use among European nations.
. It is related by Plutarch that while
t. a Spartan lady was visiting the wife of
It a distinguished nobleman of an adja
a cent principality, the former smelled
s- so strongly of sweet ointment, and the
ir latter so strongly of butter, that a
Is mutual repulsion was the consequence,
C- which finally ended in war.
ii A distinguished Grecian physician,
it who lived about the time of Christ
;e mentions that butter was made by
o agitating the fattest milk, as that of
d sheep.
11 Another writer treats of the com
n parative qualities of that made from
e the different animals, but none make
e mention of its being used even at this I
L period, except by the Thraclans and I
ancient Germans. 1
It was between the third and fourth
centuries that butter came into gen
.. eral use. It is supposed that the gen
eral custom of eating of butter was in
p troduced into northern Italy by the 1
I merchantmen of Genoa and Venice,
and from these cities the custom grad- I
s ually spread over Europe as the good I
o qualities of it became known. Ameri- I
g £ cans are a nation of buttereaters, and,
t though immense quantities are con- i
o sumed at home, many thousand pounds c
k are exported every year, and the busi- u
a ness is steadily growing, and the qual- ]
r ity becomes better.-Baltimore Ameri- t
r can. t
WITHOUT WATER.
The Ultimate Condltlon of Our Earth as
Deduced From AnaIabg. C
A volume might be written on the
6 vast and awful desolatioq of the lunar a
surface; but unquestionably this tre- r
mendous metamorphosis was wrought a
when the oceans, whose dry beds we p
now designate as mares, retreated to p
the interior and literally rent the v
planet with explosions of natural gas I
and steam. a
If we calculate the coolest crust of p
our earth at fifty miles in thickness, I
and this is perhaps allowing for more a
than there really is, then the molten a
interior at an approximate estimate s
still has a diameter of seven thousand a
nine hundred miles. We can imagine t
what an effect this would have on a
the earth's contour, or rather on d
the character of its periphery, if p
any of the oceans should in a a
colossal way come in direct con- a
tact with this internal fire. We can o
turn our large telescopes to the moon s
and see, on a smaller scale, what has n
occurred, and which, if we may deduce it
conclusions from analogy, will be the c
ultimate fate of the earth.
Yet, without the water there could
not be a single form of life, for in both
vegetable and animal formations this L
is the all-important vehicle in produc
tion and development. Beyond, any
question it is to the water that all life it
forms must primarily refer their ori- g
gin, and there is not a single known w
form that can maintain life without it. re
The principle of life can not be opera- tc
tive except it be in organic moisture. o;
Neither brain, nerves nor capillary h;
tubes are capable of manifesting the t
vital principle in a dry condition. a
Hence a waterless world is necessarily di
a dead world. It is the water that is
molds the sphere, gives it its contour, t,
is the animating vehicle, sustains its fi
life, and also rends it in the throes of cc
dissolution.-Pittsburgh Dispatch. T
HEALTH IN LONDON. de
lauctuations of the Death Rate in the hi
Elghteenth Century. er
From 1700 to 1750 the death rate in R
London was so high that the popula- nl
tion stagnated. In the former year the ro
inhabitants numbered i6.5,200,. and in it
the latter year 653.,900. During this *a
period the deaths were in the ratio of ed
about one per thirty persons living. br
By 1801 the population had crept up to i'
777,000, and the deaths had fallen to Pi
one in forty-one persons living. This a
great improvement in the state of pub- a
lie health in London was not, except to
a trifling extent, the result of sanitary Js
legislation. People were becoming us
more enlightened on many matters pr
affecting their health, partly owing to co
a more general knowledge of chemis- in:
try, phvsiology, and other sciences re- wI
lating to man and his surroundings. no
When those intrusted with the con- of
duct of public affairs became aware how ne
much the health of the people was af
fected by bad water, by foul emana- so
tions, and even cesspools, and by too or
gnreat a density of population, they be- re
gan to secure supplies of pure water, loi
to construct proper house drains and ca:
street sewers, toremove systematically th
filth from houses. and to widen streets.I
The promulgation of the natural laws the
of health preceded the enactment of ch
laws of health by the state. Jenner's bri
discovery of propeylaxis in smallpox the
had for its corollary the vaccination In
laws. The chemical analysis of water roi
was the basis of acts of parliament re.- in
lating to water and rivers.-Charles of
tuaneron, at Sanitary Congress. he;
Clearnam Hiself. cha
Wife--John, you never stand at the wa
window and kiss me when anyone is qu
looking. na
Husband-Of course not. I don'ta
want people to tako my darling wife ab
tor a hired lgirL--T th. W
-It is computed that the death rate
of the world is 7 aP saite, ad the a
birth rate 70 a miatate, and this aeeea- mx
Ingly light pernentage of galta is uuf.-ma
NOME HINTS AND HELPS.
'5 -Cookies: Three eggs, two cups of,
sugar, one cup of sour cream, two-'
he thirds butter, one teaspoon soda, lavor
n to to taste. This makes from seventy.five
>- to one hundred good-sized cookies.-
or Ohio Farmer.
S--Chocolate Walnuts: Dip halves of
English walnuts in melted chocolate,
k a let them harden, and then dip again.
Chocolate creams can have half of a
walnut dropped on the chocolate as
e soon as dipped so the walnut willshow.
" Filberts and pecan nuts can be dipped
le in the chocolate twice, and are very
or nice.--Good Housekeeping'
--Indian Pudding: Let a quart of
milk come to a boiL Stir in meal slow
le ly until you have a batter a little
of thicker than gruel. When smooth take
" it off the stove and stir in salt and mo
Slasses to taste. Let cool and add two
eggs well beaten. Pour over it one
16 pint of cold milk and bake until brown,
which will take nearly one hour.
* Farm, Field and Fireside.
, -Pickled Sweet Apples: For pickling,
t they may be pared, quartered and
,s cored, as for canning, or pared and the
core removed with a slim, sharp knife,
leaving the apple in its original shape,
2. minus the core, or they may be cut in
n halves and the core taken out. Cook
:e until soft in liquor made the same as
is for pickling pears. In short, in any
d place where pears are used, sweet ap
ples make a good substitute, and they
I are healthful as well as appetizing.
i. Country Gentleman.
.- -How to Pop Corn: Place a quart
t- of common salt in a large iron pot, and
e heat until thoroughly dried out. Place
a teacupful of the shelled pop corn into
I- the hot salt, stir constantly, and when
i it begins to pop, keep it moving with a
i= large iron spoon until it ceases to pop.
Then dip the corn off with a ladle and
i- use the same salt again. Indeed it
s can be used several times, putting it I
i- away where it will keep dry each time.
L- The philosophy of this method is that
the hot, dry salt absorbs all the mois
ture in the corn, thus enabling it to
pop out clear and brittle. This is much
better than when a popper is used as
so much more corn can be popped at
one time. -Orange Judd Farmer.
e -Boiled Salads: Perhaps it never
r occurred to some housekeepers that the
remains of an old-fashioned boiled din- 1
t ner could be converted into a very t
t pretty and delicious salad. Equal =
) parts or any proportions of different
vegetables included in the dinner can
i be used. By arranging them in layers
on a fiat dish they may be made very
I pleasing to the eye as well. Make a C
little mound of dice potatoes, then one e
of red boiled beets, then one of turnips,
next carrots, then cauliflowers, then c
string beans, and in the center a little I
I mound of the cold meat. Parsley and ii
turnip tops (the young sprouts which 3
k grow in the winter) may be used for a
decoration. The best dressing is the a
E plain French dressing; three table- e
spoonfuls of oil, one of vinegar, and d
salt and pepper. Melted butter, cream a
t or sweet bacon drippings can be sub- ti
stituted for the oil, but should not be o
mingled and poured over until the salad fl
is about to be eaten.-American Agri- b
culturist.
FASHIONS IN 'KERCHIEFS.
Lmee er Silk Oauze for Evenlng Use. Chin. a
8ilk for Ordinary Times.
The handkerchiefs in vogue for even
ing use are dainty bits of lace or silk
gauze, those of real point or duchesse
with center of finest linen lawn still
remaining the favorites for a bride, or ar
to put the finishing touch to an elab
orate toilet, especially when the latter M
has a garniture of similar lace. A pret- be
ty one can be found for one dollar and sl
a quarter, with a narrow border of Y
duchesse lace, and a similar piece let
in at the four corners; while for y'
twenty-five dollars an exquisitely ci
fine specimen, almost entirely is
composed of point, can be procured. is
The handkerchief of silk gaze is usually el
pure white or of a creamy hue, but the
delicate tints of pink, yellow, ecru and m
heliotrope are favored. The edge is es
embroidered in white or colored floss- of
silks, and one variety displayed has a H
narrow hem-stitched border with a -
row of the silk embroidery just above
it. A Parisian novelty in silk ganzg in
shows a square of pale yellow with an te
edging of black lace set on, the lace .
broadening or narrowing to meet the re
irregular outline of the gauze center- ti
piece. Another imported sample is of
a faint shade of pink crepe with wide
border of colored embroidery.
The fancy white or tinted China and of
Japanese handkerchief for ordinary f
use can be purchased for almost any
price from nineteen cents upwards, and T
comes with the plain stitch, an added
initial, or with embroidered fnish of
white or colored silks. However, it is
not so much liked as a similar article
of linen, and it is sure to lose its white- i
ness or original tint when laundered. a
The shops are constantly offering p
some special lot of this both useful and he
ornamental part of the wardrobe at a
reduction in price, and if one is on the
lookout for opportunities the purchase o
can be effected at much lower rates
than ordinarily. st
For general use or dressy occasions la
the fine linen or linen-lawn handker- T
chief with dainty border of lace or em- th
broidery is preferable. One seen on
the counter of a Broadway shop was of vii
linen lawn as fine as gossamer; its nar
row hemstitched border was decorated H
in delicate hand embroidery, and a vine
of tlh same encircled it just above the ro
hem; this article waq marked seven a
dollars and a half, and was noticably
chaste and refined in effect. A second on
was composed of linen most choice in Hi
quality, and its embellishment was of kn
narrow Valenciennes, both the edging "'
and a bad of insertion which was let in mJ
above the border being of this lace, to
White is always recommended as in the
good taste, but the delicate tints are lou
permaissible when desired to manh -"
some partleular shade of drems or- *Ib- i
bns. Upon the E~ g riehb re
~inosBeCsbt
PERSONAL AND IuT'rEqI .. '
S -"A uthors are always fooigib ,
o. strive to secure popularity," writsdMl -
N gar Faweett. "It is like the wind- '"
,e bloweth. The great secret of eon
ment on the part of a writer is to "a.
sure himself that he has got out odfa bL'-",
j pen the best work it can perfor . " .
-, -Besides her recent volume ofs-bs (
a. stories Miss Olive Schreiner has wE .
a ten a longer work, the title of whicl
Me probably will be "From Man to an."
r. It is described as a study in. the .
d parative ethics of men's treatment. .,
y men and their treatment of womena"a:".:
-John D. Rockefeller, the 8tsn
f oil millionaire, got along in busiwi ,
r. very well as plain John Bckefl . r
Le until he began to get rich. Then he
:e appropriated the letter D as a middlera
,. initial. Nobody knows what this let
o ter D stands for, and nobody ever will.
e -Thorny Lafore, a negro, whose will
•, was recently probated in New Orleans,
leaves an estate worth nearly, if not
quite, $500,000, and as only heir a bed
ridden sister. He devised enough to
d her to keep her comfortable and left
e the rest to individuals and charitable
institutions.
-Francis Parkman, the historian,
a left an estate valued at $195,950. This
k did not include a summer estate' at
a Newcastle, N. H., copyrights and store
, otype plates and contracts, these being
. of uncertain value. The real estate -i.
valued at $55,000 and the personal prop.
erty at $140,850.
S-In 1835 the Austrian press censor
t refused to sanction the publication of
two books one of which was "Prin
ciples of Trigonometry," which, he
said, discussed the Trinity, a forbidden
subject. The other was a scietific
treatise on the destruction of% insects,
which he imagined made a concealed
attack on the church.
S-Father Kenelm Vaughan, of En
E gland, a Catholic priest who spent
three years in a missionary journey
through South America, from Panama
to Patagonia, addressed the students
of Johns Hopkins university the other
day on the subject of his adventures.
The journey was made on muleback,
on the backs of Indians, in canoes, in
hammocks and on foot.
-Princess Helen of Orleans is gol
den haired, blue eyed, tall and very
lovely. She is a magnificent eques
trienne, and is a familiar figure on
many an English hunting field with
her favorite horse Chocolate. She
swims, and shoots with unerring aim,
and is most skillful with the sculls and
foils-all this without sacrificing any
of her dainty femininity or Parisian
elegance.
--William Lane Booker, the British
consul-general, who has just been
knighted, remains thoroughly British
in outward aspect after nearly forty
years' residence in this country. He is
above the medium height, neither
stout or spare, ruddy, grizzled; blue
eyed and slightly bent at the shoul
ders. He walks rapidly, and payslittle
attention to persons and things upon
the street. It used to be said that one
of his duties was to receive the rents
from Queen Victoria's real estate in
New York.
HUMOROUS.
-"How many foreign languages can
your wife speak?" "Three-French,
German and the one she talks to the
baby."-Tit-Bits.
-"Are you certain that Hale is going
to marry Miss Frost, of Boston'?" "Yes;
he's having steam heat and stoves both
in his new house."-Inter-Ocean.
-"There's a peculiar thing about
Mrs. Frett." "What is it?" '"She has
been in a pickle all her life, and yet
she doesn't look well preserved."-N.
Y. Press.
-Benedict-"Why won't she marry
you? Is there another man in the
case?" Singleton-"I'm afraid, there
is." "That so? Do you know who it
is?" "Yes- her father."-Boston Trav
eller.
-She-"Do you really and truly love
me, Harry?" He-"Love you?, Why 1
even have a fondness for that nuisance
of a brother of yours." She-"Oh,
Harry! You have made me so happy!"
-Boston Transcript.
-"Do you think," said Willie Wish
ington, "that it actually hurts a man -
to be hit with one of Cupid's arrows?"
"No," replied Belle Pepperton; "as a
rule he merely becomes senseless for a
time. "-Washington Star.
-The Emperor Francis I. of Austria +
was once present while two of his sman
were quarreling violently. At last ons
of them said; "You are the greatest'
ass in Vienna." "Hush!" said the em
peror, "you forget that I am here."
To-Day.
-Fogg--"Ther's an example of they
bottle working a man'g ruin." Fy-gg - .
"Humph! Whisky?" LF-Nfi"Ne j -
ink. Jury awarded the girl fifty th.e- -
sand dollars damages in ai . breach .e
promise suit on the strength of thel~.
ters he wrote, and it took every et -
he had to pay it"-BuffaloC oCtei :
-Irish viceroys are strippd of
sovereign attributes as soot- a
reach English waters. The o
story is told of Lord Houg
lady with whom he was
They both found themselvesjb
the Holyhead packet. Dri
age from Ireland the ladyta
viceroy with ceremonies veaqe
soon, however, as the paet
Holyhead harbor she,
"Now, Bobby, yon are nol
roy, so take my beg ~n itu ie
useful."-London Truth.' '
--The earl of Derby, whle
on his own lend, once mt-o
His lordship inquired if t
knew he was waiLkti ss"
"Thy land? Well, f'Pe
mysel'". was thbrekub-.
to walk on 5oWiSidy·S.
tha' get it fro'P" "Oh~"
loadshal 'rI t'
"An' '*eer dla