.ft papet to
:6lta unable to see,
e tfanished to us,
r lybecomte subhcribetls,
thest until notified
resal to receive
to be consddeted sub.
tidsclptloa price is so low
.er --that we hope every
subscribers, and fetnd us the
ption.
W AND COUNTRY.
for a gooi shave and hair
Wilts, night telegraph operator at
Swas in Lafayette Sunday.
algasager entered the home of Mr.
°: F.V. C. Triay on Wednesday the 5th.
. s . Cora Pitre, of Washington, has been
h adsa g some pleasant days in Lafayette
. l: :tk .rlees.
Mres. Eugene Gardner, of Washington,
who had been on a visit to her mother, Mrs.
.Marshi, turned home Wednesday.
- -Miss Marie Revillon went with Mrs. E.
.l holsa to Lake Arthur, where she will
- Mr. - . VanderCrysen, editor f the -
Ureax Bridge Union, was in Lafayette Mon
ayr oa business.
- . Roe. E. "Cunningham, the hustling
yo, g editor of the Rayne Ranger called t
'i' isette office Monday.
Miss M Emily Olivier, from Duchamp, was
" the guest of Mrs. Eraste Mouton and daugh
"ets, during the week.
The Gasette was pleased to receive a visit
Monday from Messrs. Geo. Malagarie and
s - asidy Greig, . Broussard.
'" " Mr. an Mrs. W. Carey, of Mermentau,
--ee the guests of Mr. Pierre Gerac and
Sna-sly Sunday,
- D ptyw.Sherif Hebert Billaud made a
abhort visit to New Orleans last week on
.baaem.
Master Charles Debaillon, having recov
ered his former good health, left Sunday to
resume his studies at the Jesuit College in
New Orleans.
Messrs. Oswald Fournet and Alfred Four
nat, of St. Martinville, and Louis Olivier, of
Broussard, were callers; at The Gazette
offce Sunday.
fivs. Montillot, of Grand Coteau, La
forest, of Carencro, Jacob Ziegenfuss, of
St. Leo, Acadia parish, and Branche of
. Rayne were visitors to Father Forge this
week.
Messrs. Gerac Bros. have just received a
fine lot of seasonable dry-goods and intending
purchasersr-will find it to then interests to
" . "IRobt. Halphen, a popular young clerk of
Crowley, was in Lafayette- Sunday to meet
his sisters who were on the train from the
east. I
. George Taylor, the handsome young fore
man of the Crowley Signal was in Lafayette
Tuesday, and favored The Gazette with an
appreciated visit. George reports Crowley
still a-boomin'.
Mr. Triay turned over to Mr. C. O. Mou
ton, secretary and treasurer of the High
School association, $i6, the net amouint rea
lized from the ball given by the committee
of five, on March agth.
Supt. W. F. Owens, it is-said, will be ap
pointed general superinitendent of the San
Antonio and Aransas Pass railroad, and su
palpatendent W. B. Mulvey will succeed Mr.
Owens.
Ladies and children haircutting at domi
cile. L. P. Bagarry.
E. Priollaud went to Lake Arthudr Thurs
day, accompanied by his wife, who spent
six weeks visiting friends and relatives at
New Orleans and Lafayette.
We had the pleasure of meeting, last
Sunday, Prof. Claude Martin, teacher of the
7th ward public school. Prof. Martin has
one of the best schools in the parish, having
fifty-five pupils enrolled, and progressing
very fairly.
We must, by all means, have a fire de
patment a little reflection will show the
absolute necessity of one. And the lack of
water need not be an insurmountable barrier
to its organization.
Among the many visitors to The uazette
office this week were, Messrs. Albert Del
homme and .H. Blanchard, two prominent
residents of the vicinity of Scott.
The volries of Terpsichore are informed
that.a grand ball will be given in Guidry's
- lal at Scott to-night, the proceeds accruing
"o be for the tibenefit of the Broussardville
brnd.
elix E. Voorhies, a,very competent ma
chinist and engineer, left Mondy for the
great Texas refinery, Sugar Land, where he
will be engaged for the next two qponths.
The progressive barber, Leon Bagarry,
with an eye to the comfort of his patrons,
-bass prchased a fan whiich is dezidedly in
genuous. It is placed above the chair and
:hanging from it is a string which you must
pull at you want to be fanned. Leon says
it is an automatic fano--provided you pull
the string.
Geo. Bouidier, after long and uninter
•rtpted employment on the Crowley Signal
is of on a vocation, and passed through La
. fayette one day this week bound for Opelon
us. During the wait for the train George
"asnd time to call on The Gazette crew to
shake hands.
The conductors, tr.aiu. u, a~d operators
- of the Moorasa divisrion of the S. P. system,
* ifiteti-a.ting and present to Mr. F. Owens,
late superintendent, a handsome present s
S-token of esteem and regard. Mr. Owens
duriug:his tenure of the superintendency of I
* ti Motgandivislon, has earned, by his uni
..*rn Coartesy owards all emplcyes, their
1ighest esteem, lo id they propose in a ,cfit
othi~g hannfer to hoi w their appreciation of
~hi hcs Iidsd
ýwaehes ths oece,-ands we %MS a.'
the tnriers age activelyt woro s ad that
many are devoting mose attention to raising
honue necessities than in former yean.,
Pursuant to adjournment the circuit court,
Judges Perry and Blackman, met Modday
last, and upon motion made granted a re
hearing to plaintiffs -in the case of L. Levy
& Son vs. I. A.'Broussaard et als., and after
econsideration reversed their former decision,
and, now affirm Judge Allen's decision in
favor of plaintffs.
Immediately after divine services at the
Catholic church last Sunday, the pews were
sold and brought in over $f4oo; the highest
price paid was $39 for s- six-place pew, and
t .e lowest $lo for a two-place pew. This
wasfor the pews held by the white people.
The Sunday before-Palm Sunday-the
pews occupied by the negroes were sold and
$3oo was realized, and bringing the whole
total to a sum exceeding $5i7o.
Mr. Otto, the butcher, organized and
carried out a unique parade last Saturday.
At the head was the standard bearer, car
rying the national flag, immediately behind,
ina. large carriage, was the brass band, then
came on foot a colored man carrying the ax
of execution, and bringing up the rear was
the "baeuf gras" gayly bedecked with flam
ing colors, led a by colored man. Ever and
anon the band discoursed music, and we
thought we heard quite often, the very ap
propriate ai5t "Oh, what a difference in the
morning:."
A gentleman from Crowley was in The
Gazette office Sunday, and -reported that
surveyors had been busy tracing a line from
Abbeville to Esthewood Station, for a pro
jected railroad between the two points.
From what this gentlemon says this work is
being done under the auspices of the Calca
sieu Rice Milling company. If this road is
built it will open a market for all the rice
produced in that section, and must redound
to the profit of the farmers of all that sec
tion of country.
Wm. Kleburg, assistant manager of the
Waters, Pierce Oil Company, with head
quarters at Marshal, Texas, spent Monday
in Lafayette checking out the old and
checking in the new agent; Mr. Jno. I. Bell,
the former agent, having been promoted to
the Shreveport agency. Mr. Bell had been
here for the past fourteen months and
proved himself to be at all times a pleasant
and accommodating gentleman, and The
Gazette feels that himself and family will
be missed by a large circle of friends; our
lost will be Shreveport's gain. We trust
Mr. Bell will meet with success in his new
home. To Mr. J. G. Broussard, the affable
present agent, The Gazette extends a
most hearty welcome.
A vision of loveliness stepped nimbly in
The Gazette office last Saturday and prof
fered the request that her name be inscribed
on the subscription list, as she desired to
subscribe for the paper for her own-self.
We hastened to comply with her request and
se is now enrolled in The Gazette circle.
We just want to add that we strongly sus
pect that pater familias corralled his copy
every Saturday, and after he had perused
it at his leisure, turned it over to his better
half, who in turn took a rest right there
and then from her household cares, and be
fore it reached the young miss, some time
necessarily elapsed, thus placing
a tax on her patience ; this she de
clined to endure any longer, and
now she will have her own copy. To fare
stall any unecessary impatience to any one,
our advice to the young !ady is to prevail
on the old gentleman to adopt the plan of
the head of a family of four in this town,
and that is, to see that every member of the
family is supplied with their own copy. It
works like a charm, we are assured.
Easter Celebration.
The Easter celebration at the Catholic
church, last Sunday, was observed with un
usually grand and impressive ceremonies,
and the church was taxed to its utmost by
the large number of people in attendance.
Solemn high mass was sung at 9:30 o'clock,
the Rev. E. Forge officiating, assisted by
Father de Stockhalper, S. J., as deacon, and
Father Seguin, S. J. as sub-deacon. Father
P. J. Healy was master of ceremonies. Mr.
Seguin, S. J., was the orator of the day, and
delivered amost eloquent sermon, having for
his subject the "Resurrection of the Lord."
The handsome altars were most artistical
ly decorated with a profuseness of varie
colored flowers, beautifu fly arranged, and
the colors so exquisitely blended so as to
form a gorgeous and pleasing harmony.
The choir was exceptionally fine, with
Miss E. Mouton as organist; sopranos, Misses
A. Judice, E. Gerac, N. Bailey, Gadrat
and Aimee Mouton, M. Cornay; altos, Mrs. E.
Mouton and Mr. Henry Gerac; tenor, Dr.
Frank J. Mouton; bass, Messrs. H. A. Eas
tin and Sam Plonsky. The solos were
charmingly rendered by ,Misses Alix Judice,
Nellie Bailey, Estelle Gerac, and Messrs.
H. A. Eastin, Dr. F. J. Mouton and Henry
Gerac.
Tke elaborate services concluded with
the benediction.
For Fine Neckwear
Go to Joseph -Plonsky & Son, who have
just received a big stock of Teck and Puff
scarfs, four-in-hands, Windsors, white and
colored silk, lawn and embroidered ties in
all grades, shades and fashionable shapes,
consisting of Broche Crepes, Brocaded Silks
and satins, Gros Grains, Arabian Crepes,
Crepe Imprime, Rumchunder Twills, Swans
down, Japonais, a la Chine Ducape Raye,
and all the latest Parisian and New York
novelties in neckwear.
The Telephone Line.
From a source entireqly reliable we are in
a position to inform our readers that it has
been definitely decided by the manager of
the Teche and Vermilion Telephone line
to include.Lafayette in the circuit, and that
work on the extension will begin next week,
starting from Breaux Bridge.
The company, it may be remembere',
had asked a helping hand from the people
of Lafayette, but as it was not forthcoming,
the company, we presume, deeming the
field very promising, came to the very sensi
ble conclusion to put out their own means.
T"his will be good news to our people,
-iho entertained a fear that they would be
left out in the cold, thereby leaving them to
the mercy and continuance of a heavy toll.
this pap received a telegram MondAy s~i
St. Martinville. The telegraph ofie
blank shows that it- came via New Orleans,
in dace of the fact that this town is only
twenty odd miles from St. Martinville, while
New Orleans is- 144 miles. Now With the
telephone line in the circuit with her neigh
bors, we could have talked over a matter of
some importance, and despatched it in a few
minutes, at a much less cost, and without the
unnecessary task and time involved in its set
tlement by the present mode.
The Gazette had its tow line out for this
line, and is happy to state that it did not
part. And now, The Gazette feels that it
has a right to extend its hand and shake
with the people over the near realization of
a very useful adjunct to their convenience,
as well as a saving to their purses.
A speciality at T. M. BlossAT, watch
mdkcr and jeweler. Call and let me give
you a fit.
Carencro News.
From Our Regular Correspondent.
Mr. Bradford Knapp, a representative of
the gentlemen who propose building the
Cafencro and Arnaudville railroad, accom
panied by Mr. Romain Frances, civil engi
neer, of this place, inspected the route last
Saturday, along which the new road will
run. Mr. Knapp, while here, met a number
of our enterprising business men; and ex
pressed himself as being much pleased with
the efforts of our people in behalf of the
new road. *e
Mr. John T. Block, of New Orleans, was.
in town last week visiting relatives.
The ceremonies conducted at the Catho
lic church here, during holy week, by
Father Laforest and assistants, was grand
and impressive. On Easter Sunday, there
were between goo and iooo attending the
solemn high mass. The altars were beauti
fully decorated, and the choir surpassed it
self. The sweet voices of the singers ac
companied by selected brass and reed instru
ments, added to the solemnity of the cere
mony. Father Laforest has proven him
self a most indefatigable and zealous worker,
and deserves every encouragement that
could be given by an appreciative congre
gation. *e
The Knapp Company have already pur
chased ties and rails sufficient to build their
road from the Teche to Singleton's platata
tion. The distance from that point to Car
encro is about four miles.
Mr. Humble, representing the Ferris Su
gar Company, was in Carencro several days
this week. He makes his headquarters at
the residence of Mr. L. Deleglise, the sub
agent of that company.
Mr. L. Dupleix, of Natchitoches, is here
spending a while with the family of Mr.
Romain Franccz.
Wells, Fargo & Co's. Express have just
presented all.their employees with a Colum
bian souvenir coin, and a very complimenta
ry circular-letter expressing their apprecia
tion of faithful services rendered.
e*
Your correspent is informed that Con
tractor Satterfield is doing good work on
tho public-road leading from Lafayette to
Carcncro. This is good news; because this
particular piece of roads has been much ne
glected for several years.
The Seery Bros. have organized'a branch
of the "Lusted Opera Troupe" with head
quarters at Carencro. Mr. Robt. Seery is
an expert violinist, whose performance
causes one to dream of "Ole Bull" or Mark
Kaiser. He entertained a number of friends
a few days ago, with a rendition of the
"Mocking Bird," which was superbly
grand, imitating the whisting, trilling and
warbling of the songster, with the bow and
string, in a wonderfully realistic manner.
Miss Armide Guilbeau, one of Breaux
Bridge's charming young ladies, is visiting the
family of her brother, Hon. O. P. Guilbeau.
Mrs. J. Clos is making arrangements to
pay a visit to her relatives in France.
Archbishop Janssens will visit Carencro,
sometime during the month or May.
A tram-road from Coulee Croche to Car
encro should be the next thing in order.
Mrs. Domr Cayret, accompanied by Mrs.
Couret were in town Sunday, visiting her
sister, Mrs. J. P. Frances.
Mr. Albert Guidry was thrown from his
sulky several days ago, and sustained very
painful injuries.
Our planters do not seem anxious to sign
contracts controlling the sale of their com
ing crop of cane.
Rumor has it that our obliging and popu
lar mail agent, Mr. Alexander, is to be ap
pointed chief inspector of the mail service,
with headquarters at New Orleans. This
is truly a de.erved promotion, and we ex
tend to Mr. Alexander our sincerest con
gratulations. TOTIDEMa VasxaIs.
Miss Lily Alpha went on a pleas
ure trip to New Iberia this week.
Manuel Pellerin and Albert Theall
went to Abbeville last Sunday on
business.
Two car loads of soldiers passed
through Thursday en route to Pen
sacola, Florida.
Hon. Ambroise Mouton, of Ver
million parish, was in Lafayette
this week, the guest of Mr. H. L.
Monnier.
Mrs. WV. Brandt, an estimable
lady, whose husband had been for
twenty years recorder of this parish
has recently opened a private board
inghoues, in the house formerly
occupied by Mr. Parrish.
with her friend l ish Ella Mont;
gomery, departdd Thursday for- her
home ia New Iberia.
We have been informed .thv
Sheriff Fontenot of St. Landry par
ish, was in town Monday having in
custody Mrs. Aborn of Port Barry
accused of the murder of her. own
child by her mother, but proved the
charge groundless by producing the
child, having recovered it from a
colored woman, in McComb addi
tion, to whom. she had given it, for
the purpose of ridding herself of its
care.
Russel Perry and Ezekiel Morgan
important witnesses in the killing
of Augustus Morgan at Duson some
time since, and residents of Vermi
lion parish Werearrested last Mon
day by Sheriff Isaac Broussard, and
gave bond for their appearance at
the next -session of court.
.At its last meeting the School
Board, adopted a wise measure in
the' appointment of three trustees in
each ward in the parish whose du
ties will be to observe, and report
quarterly, to the board, the progress
made by the pupils in the schools
of their respective wrards.
Among the graduates at the Tu-
land Medical University closing
exercises held on ''the 5th instant at
New Orleans, we notice the names
of Felix E. Girard and Gaston Gla
du of this town. The young gentle
men will now append M. D, to their
names, and we hope they will meet
with much success, in their ..chosen
profession.
The "Black Diamonds."
The "Black Diamonds" made
their debut at Falk's Hall last Wed
-nes night. The hall was crowded
with an appreciative audience, and
the deafening applause with which
the boys were greeted upon the
raising of the curtain showed how
much their first effort was appre- i
ciated by the people of Lafayette.
The entertainment was admirably.
conducted from the opening to the[
close, and the performance was
creditably rendered, and exceeding
ly amusing.
Miss Emma Falk, the bright and
pretty young daughter of Mr. B. i
Falk, favored the audience with a
song, which was one of the most
pleasing features of the entertain
ment.
At the conclusion of the enter
tainment the young ladies and gen
tlemen danced to the sweet strains
of the Lafayette string band, until
the morning hours.
We have not been able to obtain
the exact amoufit of the sum real
ized, but we should think is entirely
satisfactory, and :will considerably
swell the High School fund.
We understand that it is the in
tention of the "Black Diamonds"
to give exhibitions in" the adjoining
towns in the near future. ***
He's Gone.
Ope day this week on the arrival
of the east bound train, a confidence
man named Mulligan was seen by
tire yard master to approach and
lead off a negro by the arm. The
yardmaster warned the negro that
he was being steered into a brace
game, and then notified the marshal
of his suspicions. Marshal Bradley
and Deputy Veazey went to the
man's room, placed him under ar
rest, and on his person found a
number of dice, cards, shells and
ball, and -a banking game chart.
After a hearing before the Mayor
he was ordered to leave town on the
first train, which he did, but before
leaving he told the marshal that a
scheme was on foot to defeat him at
the approaching election by voting
the negroes against those who might
be favorable to his retention in of
fice.
"The Little Diamonds."
For several weeks a band of child
ren under the direction of Misses
McClye Mudd and Maggie Jamie
son, assisted by Prof. R. C. Greig,
have been making preparations for
a grand spectacular and literary en
tertainment, to be given April 2 xst.
instant, in aid of the High School
fund. On a pfevious occasion the
childien acquitted themselves very
creditably, and&we bespeak for the
girls and boys a large and appre
ciative audiedie in support of a
worthy cause. : on't miss "the lit
tle diamonds !" Programme in due
time. A musical treat will also form
a part of the exhibition.
Broussardvillo Drizzlings.
Editor Lafayetta Gaette :
The Easter Sunday celebration
was up to the expectations of all.
As large a crowd never before gat
hered to our town; people from
every corner of the parish came to
participate in the celebration. Dan
cing was indulged in until a very
late hour and the hall was so packed
until the last moment that no dis
crimination could possibly be made
between the professional and the
amateur dancer. Socially and fin
ancially it was the greatest success
since many seasons.
Quite an unusual occurrance hap
pened last Monday. A wedding
had been decided upon for that
day; preparations had been
made- from - nick-nacks down
to "boulettes"-and every Sardana
palus anticipated a hearty repast but
lo! to their great discomfiture, one
of the principals failed to show up.
Mr.- having all at once become
impressed with the grave, responsi
bilities of marriage, availed himself 1
of the advantage of the S. P. R. R.
and made his escape to- parts un
-- .- wet w eep t ' it? f
tears of disappointment-and the
guests "Invited and uninvited-sand
the colation; well, no feast without
a wedding, some body else must
join destinies-none could -be
found who would do so, hence the
guests also met with bitter disap
pointment because the chances are
that pies, etc., must have been pre
served until some one else decides
to give them a trial.
Last Sunday was the regular
monthly meeting of the Broussard
ville Farmer's Alliance; only a small
attendance. We hear that an idea is
entetrained by the alliance of putting
up a central cotton-gin.
Dr. and Mrs. G. W. Scranton
were welcome visitors in our town
this week,
Dr. J. D. Trahan called on Dr.
Latiolais last Sunday and both went
over to examine Mr.- Boudreaux,
who is improving fast.
Our witty friend, Mr. Simonet
Leblanc, was in our midst this week
and informed us that he would soon
become manager of the Club Saloon
at Abbeville. Good luck, Sim !
Let us hear from the High School
theatrical company.
DUBARDIEU.
Remember I
The Gazette has just received a series of
isteel plate script, which, when printed can
not be told from engraved fetters. This type
is particularly adapted to fine card work and
wedding invitations. We shall be pleased to
receive orders.
Services at the Methodist Church-First
and third Sundays. Sunday School at 9g30
a. m. H. AasTRoNtG.
Pastor.
Public Sale.
SUCCESSION OF EMILE CREIGHTON. DE
CEASED.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of an order
from the Honorable District Court in and for the
parish of Lafayette, there will be solid at publicruc.
tin., to the last and highest bidder, by'the under
signed Sheriff. at the last residence of the deceased
in this parish, on
Satrday. the Pid. day of ,April. :f.s.
the following described property. to-wit:
One certain plantation situated in PlletCove.iin
the Parish of Lafayette. measuring five arpents front
on Bayou vermilion, by forty arpents in denpth.
bounded above by plantation of Mrs. Odeide Mfou
ton and below by plantation of Raisin Wallis and
east by land of the Estate, together with all the build
ings and improvements thereon, including the crop of
cane plants on said place.;
One certain tract of prairie and wop land:situated
In Lafayette Parish. containing eighty seven superfi
eial arpents. more or less,. bounded north by Bayvon
Torrue and Lake Charlo. east end south by land of
Rosemond Landry and west by land of Jacques D.
Mouton and sisters. Mrs. dMathilde Gardner. Mrs.
Odeide. Mouton. Mrs. Euphemie Creighton. S. R.
Wallis. and assigns and Joseph Chevaller and Elise
Thibodeaux, known as the Habien tract or swamp.
One pair of brown mules.
One pair of bay and black mules.
One pair of dark mules.
One red mule.
One bay buggy horse.
One pair yonng oxen: one pair old oxen: two
calves and old cow one red cow and calf: four heif
er: one ox cart; one cane cart ; two old wagons;
one buggy and harns a: four old plows : four Avery
plows : s collars and five hardess ; five blind bridles:
two spades and three hoes: two cultivators; one old
cultivator: harrows: hay forks;: platform scales;
one beam scales: one double plow: two sweeps; about
too barrels of corn; about to loads of peavines; about
to barrels of peas; old cotton press; lot of old lumber:
lot of brick;: a cane knives; one water cooler; one
rrmoir- one dressing case; one wash stand; one
center table; foutr chairs ; two rockers, etc.. etc.
TER1MS AND CONDITIONS;
All the mrc-ables will be sold for Cash on day of
sale: and the immovables, one third Cash. and the
balance in two equal instalments, payable respec
tively February 5. n894 and ct9S, bearing interest at
eight per cent. per annum thereon, from date of sale.
till raid. with ten per cent. as penal cluse, as attor
ney' s fees in ase of suit, on the aggregate mount
recovered, the payment of which credit portion of
said purchase price to be secured by vendor's privi
legc- and special mortgage on the prqperty sold, and
samS to be represented by promisory notes drawn to
the order of the Administrator for the usea of said Es
tate. and in solido, in case of joint purchasers ; par
chaser or purchasers to confess judgment in favor of
said estate in capital, interest, attorney's fees and
charges, and authorizing eecutor prcess to issue
before any court of competent jris iction, in de
fault of payment at matutri ty and binding them
selves and heirs not to sell or alienate the property
purchased to the prejudice of said mortgage and
right to sell aforesaid.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD.
Sheriff, Lafayette Parish. La.
Sheriff's Sale
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
YET'E-NO. -
P. A. Chiasson vs. GSIeopas Hanks.
By virtue of a writ of seizure and fc .!-. issuned from
the Honorable Judge of the o7th Judicial District
Court. in and for the parash of Layette. State of
Louisiana. and to me directed. I have seized and
will offer for sale at public asuction. to the last and
highest bidder, at the Court House, in the town of
Lafayette. Louisianas on
Saturday. April 22. 1893.
between the legal sale hours the following de
scribed property to-wit:
A certain tract of land situated in the parish of La
layette and State of Louisiana, with all the buildings
and improvements thereon standing and thereto be
longing. Said tract of land containing fifty superfi
cial arpents, and is bounded North by land of Eu
gene LeBlanc; South by land of J.J. Smith or public
land Mrs. Bernard LeBlanc, being part of same
property acquired by vendor from Joseph A. Green.
Terml--Cash.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD.
Sheriff Parish of Lafayette.
NOTICe.
The quarterly meeting of the Farmers' Pariah
Union of the parish of Lafayette. will be held at La
fnyette. April8. 893. A foil attendance is requested.
v. E. DUPUIS, President.
R. W. Eaorr. Secretary.
FOR SALE.
Valuable Town Lots.
Lots Nos. 54, I95 and aiS, situated in
the Mills addition, measuring goouzio feet;
also improved property on Main street op
posite J. E. Martin's place. Terms reason
able. For further particulars apply to
THE GAZETTE.
NOTICE
CAaENcRo. LA., April 4, 1893.
Share holders of Carencro Union Ginnery,
Limited, arc requested to call at the office
of the company and claim Ten per cent. an
nual dividend on their respective shares, as
per resolutions adopted at meeting of board
of directors held this day.
C. C. BUowIR,
Treasurer and Manager.
*.STAL LENSES
J. E. TRAHAN, Druggist, has
exclusive sale of these Celebrated
Glasaes in Lafayette, La, from the
factory of Kellam & Moore, the
only complete optical plant in the
south, Atlanta, Ga.
'P. M. BIOS
.. .. .... WA IIA U AN
Is contitually receiving the finest line in %r
.lid G.d .. ,,ll ..Watches 's. -"
Diamonds,
Silverware,
Cutlery.,.t. s.... ,* - ,::
A". .. .ate.,.t  Jewelry.
Spectacles a Specialty
Prompt attention given to mail and express orders.
T. M. BIOSSAT,
Lafayett; M
THE
Black Diamonds ..=.
Acquitted themselves very credit
ably in their minstrel performance
last Wednesday night.
It is true, also, that they were
among the first to secure some o.
the rare values we are offering in the
latest style.
SCARFS
AND
NECKTIES.
We sell for 25 CENTS a SCARF worth.
Fifty cents, as they are ordinarily sold.
If "Seeing is believing"
COME AND C.
MOSS BROS. & CO~.;
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON
MOSS & MOUTON
LLU/"BGR 4
AT WHOLESALE. and RETAIL
OFFICE AND YARD NEAR RAILROADIPEPO-. I"
LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plows, Walkingi
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
PROMPT NEAT
THE -
LAFAYETTE
GAZETTE
*JOB PR1NTINi
GIVE US
A TRIAL OR
DER.
CH1EAP GOOD
MRS. JOHN O. MOWT!
NEW AND SEASONABLIW
MILLINERY G
SUCH AS
Hats, Peathers, Silks, Embroiderie
Iso, Ladies' and OI ..dren