Is me.rl, Vene . na -. t the
R toe sa Industria. .aser
has been exhibited,.. judg~s
nvariabrlay l awardql th Royal
owJdgherth bea boors.
, W ' oFair the examl
.... , t" e bale n powder wards
'gre made by the l6xpei'tsof the chemi
' division of the AgrliculturaL DeU.rt
0entat Washington. The ofiiao report
. th' tests of- the baking powders,
, . hik, was made by this Department for
e specific purpose of ascertaining
which was the best, and which has
ben made pubic, shows Aaeleavening
S- strength of the Royal to.be 1Wcubi.
inc . hes.of carboniogas per ounceof pow
%. de-r. Qf the cream of tartar baking po-
" erq exhibited, the next highest if
s.. trength, thus tested, contalhtad but
188 cubic inehes of leavening gas. The
other powders gave an average of 111.
TheBoyal, therefore,was foundof 20 per
cent. greater leavening strength then
its nearest competitor, and 44 per cent.
above the average of all the other tests.
Its superiority in other respects, how
ever, in the quality of the food it makes
as to fineness, delicacy, and 'wholesome
ness, could not be measured by figures.
It is these high qualities, known and
appreciated by the women of-the coun
try-for' so many years, that have eaused
the sales of the Royal Baking Powder,
as shown by statistics, to exceed the
sale of all other baking powders com
.bined.
A PARLIAMExTASY blue book relating
rto the last census for England and
Wales shows that there were taken
18916,3630 unmarried males and 8,008,605
unmarried females, 4.851,548 married
males, and 4,916,649 married females,
484,900 widowcrs and 1,124,810 widows.
SJ. S. PAnaRe, Fredoninla N. Y., says:
"-Shall not call on you for the 0100 reward,
for I believe Hall's Catarrh Cure will cure
any case of catarrh. Was very bad." Write
him for particulars. Sold by Druggists, 75The.
GRIEF is so far from retrieving a loss that
it makes it greater; but the way to lesson it
is by a colmparison with others' losses.
.owvN's B3ROXCIIAL TROcu'gs relieve all
Throat irritations caused by Cold or use of
the voice. Sold only in boxes.
IT is niall right for a man to take arest, just
so it is not soine other man's rest he takes.
-Galveston News.
TRE man "whose words can always be re
lied upon" never went flshing.-Yonkers
Statcsman.
"After a sunstroke I suffered with nervous
rostration. I lost all appetite, and my
strength failed me: I was on the point of giving I
up. I had read much about Hood's Sarsapa- sa
rillas, and concluded to give It a trial. Before I a]
had taken half a bottle my appetite became so u
voracious that I would be compelled
Hood's , Cures
to eat between meals. Hood's Sarsaparilla has
now fully restored my strength and general
health. That terrible nervousness is gone. I
feel as hearty and vigorous as ever." EDWARD st
Sc'or[.r IN. 1532 Ogden Street, Philadelphia, Pa. H
Hooed' P{il. cure all JLiver Ils, Biliosness ft
Jaundice. Indigestion. Sick Iadalsche.
The Greatest Medical Discovery 1
of the Age. o!
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOIYERY.,
DONALD KENNEDY, OF ROXBURY, tASS.,
#tas discovered in one of our common va
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every th
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula tel
down to a common Pimple. a 1
He has tried it in over eleven hundred in
cases, and never failed except in two cases an
(both thunder humor). He has now in his inh
possession over two hundred certificates TI
of its value, all within twenty miles of wi
Boston.
A benefit is alwa's experienced from e
the first bottle, and a'perfect cure is war
ranted when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes she
shooting pains, like needles passing of
through them; the same with the Liver or tu
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts being u
stopped, and always disappears in a week
after taking it.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will t
cauise squeamish feelings at first eat
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat dot
the best you can get, and enough of it. bol
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed- sci
time. Read the Label. Send for Book. ent
THE JUDCES o
WORLD', COLUMBIAN EXPOSITION on
H Have made the
HIGHET AWARDS v
(edamls and .loas) to far
WALTER BAKER & CO. th
On each of the following named articles: afa
BREAKPAST COCOA. .. ....ma
I Premiaum No. 1, Chocolate, . .in:
V:anilla Chocolate, .... . ,. sern
German Sweet Chocolate, . .
Cocoa Butter. .... ... thi
will
-'or 'pnrity of material," "excellent favor,"'
and "uniform even composition." pare
the
WALTER BAKER & CO., DORCHESTER, MASS. imp
ATARRH - i -
H: IN CrILoREN E
wh ba nrm. seraoe y acase of Catarrh, eat
gdic from thote nose was large, Som
ii amed, the "ids mmollen end and
A at~ s cariods reand
CRY1T h·Mlck y Irst Othe
Sace, a. ash
.Th --' . texperiment
i anQ ther conutriesare
lif .he .knowrledge' which ena
ie `maer .to apthis operations
it. tthe conditions under which his
atnthe must be done, and the man
faira. who rnlkesa the best use of all the
ridgs knowledge as to his avocation is, other
Royal things being equal?'the most likely 'to"
rs. succeed. To laimn that the small be
sam-l ginnings made by the Investigators
Ards constitute a science of agriculture
0tBi-h would be claiming tooauch. Indeed.
ei rt- so complex is agriculture that, while
eport science has determined much useful in
rdera, formation, the most thatcan be said of
at for it is that the intelligent farmer can
thing make it usefuL
t has Jrof. Charles S. Plumib, director of
ening the Indiana experiment station, has
cbieo written an article in which he enumer
rpow- ates some of the ways in which the
'po farmer may benefit himself through
It the aid of the information developed
I but through scientific investigation. Be
The low will be found some extracts from
111. Prof. Plumb's paper:
M per '"A score or more years ago, when
than Horace Greeley and Henry Ward
cent. Beecher were telling the American
.esta public what they knew about farming, -
how- there was quite a general tendency on
lakes the part of the "agricultural class to
ome- hold up to ridicule what was termed
urea. 'scientific farming.' Greatclaims were
and then made as to the importance of a
:oon- knowledge of science, so that the
.used farmer might analyze the soil, crops,
rder, fertilizers, etc. Early investigators,
l the engaged in faithful add hard work, I
corn- gleaned much information of scientific l
importance, and eventually overturned 4
sting numerpus theories that had hitherto <
and seemed plausible. Chief among these
sken was the analysis of soils, whereby one c
18,65 could know the composition of his soil I
rried and at once determinejn what ingredi- 1
ales, ents of plant food it was deficient, so
lows. that he might feed back to it the lack- a
ing element. Time and study have
says: shown that soil is a very complex sub- t
cum stance,and one analysis is usually quite
Write unsatisfactory, because a little sample t
The, of soil represents only a small piece of a
that ground, perhaps representing quite un- e
on it fairly the entire field. Consequent!y d
s.- soil analysis are not thoroughly prac- v
tical, on account of the difficulty in se- s
e all curing a sample of a few pounds that
so of shall correctly represent the millions d
of pounds of soil in even a single acre, ii
ust to say nothing of a field of many acres. r
aes "Justus von Leibig, a German chem- b
ist, made investigations as to the com- s
Sre. position of the soil and plant nutrition. P
ikers lie was the first to prove 'that plants
fed on certain ingredients of the soil, 0
and that different classes of soils and 1t
plants varied in their composition. +s
"Science is knowledge. There is no
scientific farming. The highest type
of farming is intelligent farming. The ai
-intelligent farmer of to-day is simply tc
making use of certain scientific facts hi
that have a practical application.
"For a half century science has been P
laboring in the interests of agricul- t1
ture. This year the United States ap- p1
propriates nearly one million dollars ni
for scientific experimentation as ap
plied to agriculture. And yet but few se
farmers realize how material is the as- us
sistance being given the agricultural 'v
classes of the country through the di
rect application of accomplished scien- fri
tificwork. stm
FOos "The first real substantial assistance ar
ring received by the farming public from at
3pa- science was in the examination and in- r
re I spection of commercial fertilizers. Nat- the
e o ural manures (animal excrement) con- by
tained nitrate of potash and phosphoric "Z
acid, consequently soil fertility could
be maintained by the application
of these. linut chemistry here came to ha
ral the farmer's aid. by suggesting that go
I the various essentials of plant food be me
tnn supplied in artificially prepared form. ab
Pa. However. it was not long before much tio
se, fraudulent material found its way in- un.
Sto the buyer's hands; many dealers Ev
'ry ere not honest, and farmers were of
often outrageously swindled. Here, the
again, the chemists came to the as. thi
sistance of agriculture. Fertilizers om
could be analyzed, their component At]
parts determined, and purchasers ful
might learn how many poundsof plant far
food a ton of artificial manure con-an
tained. Nitrogen, potash and phos- tal
so, phoric acid each had a commercial
value per pound: consequently o
the chemist would easily de- ThI
la termine in a fair manner the value of i t
a ton of fertilizer. Nearly every state ten
ed in the Union handling fertilizers to se
es any extent has passed a law appoint- in
is ing a state inspector of fertilizers. b
es The result is, manufacturers can not don
with safety sell the farmers shoddy by
Lr- * * * * * * *
"It reqiuires no effort to emphatically
es show that already many, many millions
g of dollars have been gained to agricul- thi
o ture through the disinterested efforts mar
of scientists. Scientific investigation
will continue in tile future as it has in catt
ill the past, and it is fair to assume that thai
each year will see much good work
at done. Certainly no other class of la- farn
t, bor is receiving greater benefits from here
i- science than is agriculture at the pres- -
ent day. 'you
REFLECTIONS give
On the Varlous Kinds of Farmers that Ge
to Make Up the 8usa Total. tor i
The crops of 1893 are about all har- stocl
vested. The next thing to which every whi
farmer should turn his attention to is expe
the crop for 1894. The earliest date -]
fixed for the opening of the millen- are
nium is about six years off yet, and it of tI
may be that after the millennium be- bein
gins there will be a necessity for food
and clothing, and that the farmers' plan
services will be required all during adap
that term and up to the period fixed o
for the final consummation of all othe
things. Therefore prudent farmers
will commence right away to pre--1
pare for another crop. In order that good
the best success may be attained it is ucc
important to begin right and continue anyt
- right through all the operations of the mnhem
year. If this can not be absolutely at- -C
tained then the nearest possible ap- is the
proach to it is the best that can be durir
done, and is what ought to be done in ways
every case. Farmers may be likened than
unto a field of horses entered for a race. It is
Some seem like they can never get such
started; they fret and champ the bit are sm
and kick up a great deal of dust, but -O
they are never near the wire when the ando
starter's bell taps; and when finally a anima
start is made, they are away behind, judici
and are distanoed the first heat well.
Others get a bad start, but worti
ilash off like forty furies, and them
before the home stretch is reached cesa
S'-ey are fagged out, rend get home too lei, a
e.t o d overcrof hiiself, is like a
enti arter horse entered in a mile-heat
eaire rade. He has undertaken more than
I ena- he can accomplish. Some farmer. ar
tione fickles they determine to do one thing,
h his t become discouraage.- quit" and
man make a new departure. They are like
11 the the badly-trained racer' who thinlk
other there is better ground outside, and flie
ly to* the track, and if they ever get 1
11 be home at all, it is too late for
ators supper. The writer was authori
ilture tatively informed in early life that c
deed, the only way to do a full week's work 4
while was to rise-very early Monday morning
ul in- and go to work, and stick to it until 1
tid of sundown Saturdaly. This may be one
can extreme of the industrial theory; the
other extreme is represented by the '
,r of man who enforced the above precept.
has His cuestom was to idle away the time
amer- until after dinner Saturday, and then '
l the fly around like mad and do his entire 1
ough week's work between that time and
loped sunset. We have all heard the proverb. 1
Be- invented by some lazy vagabond, that "
from "a bad beginning makes a good end
ing," and there seem to be some of his
vhen disciples still with us, linut thanks to
rard human mortality, their names are anl.
ican dom and their numbers few, and we
ring, are glad of it.-Farm and Ranch. I
.y on TREE-PLANTING.
*med Whether Fall or Spring Is the Better ';!me
were - for It.
of a The question is often asked: Which
the is the better time to set out trees, the
rops, spring or the fall?
tore, The answer to this must depend upon
'ork, the nature of the tree or the shrub, the
atific part of country, condition of soil and
mrd climate where the planting is to be
erto done
hese For example, in the extreme north or
one open prairie country where the ther
soil mometer may go extremely low, and,
redi- what is worse, where harth, drying "t
b, so winds may prevail most of the winter, o
ack- all but the hardiest of trees and ever- cl
ave- greens are decidedly safer planted in el
sub- the spring than in the fall. rc
nite If, however, plenty of roots are t
male taken, and, what is even perhaps of do
of more importance, a goodly lot of soil is
un- hken with the roots, allowing no un- to
nt!y due exposure of them to the air, a tree sc
rac- well planted in the fall is erfectly t
> se- safe. 't
tlat Aids to success will consist in evenly ea
ions distributing the roots in the new earth, le
cre, in compressing soil well about the in
rea. roots, and if trees are large enough to '
em- be acted upon by the wind, in placing fr.
om- stay wires to keep them snug and in 34
ion. place. to
ints Another famous aid is to mulch with ne
soil, old hay or long, littery manure or fu
and leaves, which prevent a lifting of the
soil and the penetration of the frost too be
no deep therein. or
ype In warm countries, where the frosts ye
'he amount to nothing, the fall is the time col
ply to plant, or just as soont the plants
acts have come to a state of rei. pil
Here root action at once sets in to re- suE
ten pair the damages of removal, and by tie
:ul- the time springtime comes the newly frc
ap- planted trees are fully equipped for a col
ars new start. eye
ap. Nurserymen of the north usually re- i
ew serve the planting of their young stuff eve
as- until spring-a pretty good evidence of dri
al where success lies. dis
di- As stuff has to be dug or is received bel
;n- from outside sources in the fall, in- or
stead of being replanted at once they wil
ice are "laid in by the heels;" that is, they per
an are placed in rows in the ground, near- anc
in- ly horizontal instead of upright, where wh
at- they are easily protected, if necessary, anc
,n- by a few boughs to keep off the drying clol
wic winds of winter.-Exchangc. clef
ld Take Care of the Future.
on For three hundred years our farmers .sue
to have been wearing out their fields and the
at going west. Nowv that there is no
be more west to go to, what are we to dc and
in. about it? The lands now in cultiva- like
ch tion will become exhausted after awhile the!
n- under the present system of cropping. ena
rs Even those lands that are glibly spoken bas
re of as inexhaustible do not produce
e, the crops they once did. People see ver
ns" this but do not perceive what this eel
rs ominous fact foreshadows. The South or
rt Atlantic states are now feelin theba
rs full weight of the penalty for reckless gran
at farming. The huge fertilizer factories iras
n- and warehouses tell the tale. WVhen it dair
s- takes all the net profits of a farm tp cons
al prevent its degeneration, then the lot gres
1Y of the farmer is a hard one indeed.
c- The remedy or prevention of this evil
is to adopt a rational preservative s-ys TI
to tem, and one that will not only pre- Bos
o serve the fertility which now inheres an a
- in the soil, but improve it. This can read
s best be done-perhaps it can only be off 1
t done-while farming the land profita- gaze
Y bly, with stock.-Farm and Ranch. "bas
half
HERE AND THERE, one
v is tc
-In fruit grow-ing. loss often comes vant
through having to rush everything to ters.
market at once. amo
-Corn is worth more to mix with stral
a cattle food than to put lard on hogs and
t that are fat enough. blint
k -An important department of dairy previ
Sfarming is raising cows to keep up the band
Sherd. This should not be neglected. butt
- -A diversity of fruits will enable year
you to spread the harvest and market- by v
ing over a long season, and that will meas
give the best profit. waisl
-Selection must be the leading fac
tor in the improvement of all our farm Thu
Sstock, and fortunately it is snethod ofdr
r which can be employed without great tri-eu
expense. plain
?-It is claimed that over 700,000 sheep one n
are annually killed by dogs, the value nous
Sof the mutton and wool thus destroyed hand
being estimated at $3,000,000. make
-If you are starting a fruit farm expec
plant something of every fruit that is weak
adapted to your location. Some years shoul
one will give you a crop when the excep
others fail. ures
-People who know too much are not A go
good material out of which to make same
successful dairymen. They never learn brigh
anything; their great knowledge was
inherited from some remote ancestor. o
-One great advantage of dairying to al
is that it brings in money every day
during the year, and the dairyman al
ways having cash can buy cheaper She
than those who have to buy on credit. to be
It is a cash-in-hand business and as He
such is satisfactory, even if net profIts cant
are small. She:
--Over-cropping a farm means disaster, the gc
and over-stockingtafarm with'worthless e
animals, is to court bankruptcy. Plant ting
judiciously of good seeds, and cultivate
well. Stock the farm with animals
worthy of the best care, and give it to
them, and you are on the road to sn-i- dI
cesa Turn neither to the right per ge
eth and pon will get there. B
Bary ple
than om ofr a asumr.--g ases sdad ase
Usare RikO iS.
hig, The following sketoh fothe House.
and hold shows how a large old-fashioned
e light stand was made over into a con
venlennt and pretty table to stand close
get by the side of an invalid's bed, to serve 1
for as a epository for many little convet-. I
>hori- iences and gecessities to which she
that could often help herself if only they
work could be keat within her reach.
*ning As there was no one "handy with
until tools" to call upon, the nurse, who I
one knew nothing about wvood-work, hur
the riedly arranged the table herself, for I
cep temporary use. But it proved strong,
time stable and satisfactory in every way, .
then an unfailing convenience to its suffer.
ntire ing but self-helpful owner, I
and The following particulars regarding I
rerb; its qrrangement may be helpful to a
that others with similar needs: a
end- The top of the stand was enlarged an. C
of his inch or two in width and several inches t
s to.
nei l t
Swe a
I5
Im me
hichr
thee n ted aon on tu
the a
t the
and
o be ee f to cr
hh or
rher- a
h IS-PROrPru fIlVALIXD' TABLE. I
ring in length at each side by the addition a
tter, of a smooth board top,- which was se-f
ver- curely nailed to position; this was cov, a
I in ered with tightly-drawn cream-white Ci
rubber cloth, which was turned under t
are the edges and tacked around on the un- d
s of der side. Ie
ail is Into the under side of the shelf, close of
un- to each table leg, was turned a strong pi
tree screw-almost, but not quite, through 0r
ctly to the upper surface of the board-so Ti
that the heads projected like four legs, m
nly each nearly an inch long. These little if
rth, legs dropped through and fitted closely fu
the into the eyes of strong screw-eyes t
h to which were turned into and projected at
ing from the inner side of each table leg. ca
in Being held in position in this way, at be
four points, the shelf was as secure as da
bith need be. and it almostdoubledthe use- ad
or fulness of the table. cee
the A square, round or oblong shelf may er
too be adjusted to any four-legged stand on
or table in this way. They make eon
sts venient sewing or reading tables or,
ine commodes. le
ants At the end of the table, close to the
pillow, a row of roomy pockets were ml
ret suspended by cords or ribbons from lit
by tle brass screw-eyes, and, to keep them
nly from swinging out of place, each lower Em
ir a corner was secured to a similar screw
eye inside the table leg.i c
re- Standing close by the side of the bed by
u$ every part of the table-top, shelf, :
of drawer and pockets-soon became in- tre
dispensable. Woater, medicine, fruit, t
red bell, handke'chief, napkin, fan, watch
in* or book, any or all, could be safely am
iley within reach. The rubber cloth, im- pe
Ley pervious to water, could be wiped off pet
ar- and made fresh and sweet, no matter pa
are what might have been spilled upon it,
ry. and the pocket linings, like rubber
ng cloth bags, could be turned out and
cleaned at any time.
tVhen the table was pronounced a
success and a fixture it was made mot'e
nd attractive and still more convenient by
the addition of back boards to the top
do and shelf-see dotted lines-which,
radlike the rest of the woodwork, was
Sthe given two coats of prettily-tinted
enamel paint, the brass drawer-pull
gwas polished and tiny ornamental
en brass hooks were placed wherever they
tere needed for the suspension or safe=
ie kLeeping of any little article; wash silk
th or linen scarfs were draped over the
e bac boards, their fringed ends falling
Sgracefully at the sides, and the result
was a piece of furniture which was as
et dainty 'and neat to look at as it was ture
tconvenient to use, which is saying a deli
pt great deal for its appearance. t foa
d. aror
ia sewaing in the 'nPubi, Schools. I'aitl
s. The course of study in sewing in the A hi
Boston public schools is interesting for Past
y an amateur of sewing to consider. To witl
a read of "thimble, emery, scissors," set hand
c off neatly as articles of study, and to gild
. gaze upon a printed curriculum of and
"basting, backstitching, overcasting, add
half-backstitching and combination of fran
one running and one-half backstitch." of u
is to realize most intensely the ad- bece
t vantages Boston offers to her daugh- e
o ters. In the fourth year are taught,
among other things, stocking darning, Tl
h straight and bias felling, whipping popt
s and sewing on rufRes, hemstitching, to t
blind stitching, tucking if not taught acce
e previously, gathers overhanded to a tives
e band, sewing on hooks and eyes and iqu
buttons, eyelets, loops, and in the fifth on tl
a year there is a system of dress cutting in Ai
Sby which girls are taught to take serio
1 measures, draught, cut and fit a dress riagd
waist. he _rob on _ husb
To Note a clever woma. ceive
a The cleverest woman in the matter be fl
I of dress is the plain woman who con- tio.
L tries never to let you know she's tion
plain. ..To be successful in this respect
one must have natural good taste. It's aoct
no use to put one's self entirely in the t cob
hands of a good dressmaker. Dress- to b
makers need directing. They can't be other
expected to knovw a cuoe nne
weak or strong points as well as she a pri
should know them herself.. All women, natu
except those with hopelessly bad fig- eight
ures and no throats, pay for dressing.
A gown is usually becoming if it is the o
same color as the wearer's eyes. A
bright bandeau under the brim of a eyeV
hat is apt to have an improving effect. man
Good taste is a thing to be thankful sham:
for. Those who possess it are inclined ~V
to value it too lightly. brong
A lsmagreement. Var
She-Mrs,, obinson's health seems nlivel
to be very 1r.
He-Well, people of sedentary habits Thi
can't expect good health! reach
She-What do you mean? She's on devilai
the go nearly all the time. are fit
lie-Nonsense! She's continually sit- gold 4
ting on her husband.-Puck. hey c
A es . tinted
"Why should a soldier never lose his
head in battle?" asked a German cap- "I
tain-of a private soldier. box a
"Because it he did he wouldn't have "Ha
any place to put his Jeaese oea," 'I'rTat
S ihe.,ir  elnm ite lms .
deresatimat qu~ite too mach.
* $ satiopM s of eharsieter.
le f: frli tesiii etting. It is its 41i
iaos n as air, is speech-sd 6d8 i thiit
t. ules it rlies hove it. usual monoetifei
Zoned we do not even observe it. Wateh anyr
Secon- ordinary coming together of people and
close we see how many minutes it will. be
serve before somebody frets-that is, makes
nve more or less complaining statement of
l she something or othqr;Xhich most prob
they ably everyone in the room or the car
or on the street. eprner knew before,
nirepa ich most probably nobody can
w heW. Why may anything about it? It
who is cold, it is hot, it is wet. it is dry,
hur- somebody has broken an appointmetatr
t, for ill-cooked a nmeal: stupidity or bad
rong, faith somewhere has resulted In dis
way, comfort. There are plenty of things
after to fret about. It is simply astonigh
ingl how much annoyance and discom
'ding fort may be found in the course of
ul to every day's living. evyed at the 1
simplest. If one only keeps a sharp-eye
ed an out on that side of things. Even Holy
ichei Write says we are born to trouble as
sparks fly upward. Bu% even to the
I sparks fling upward, in the blackest t
of smoke, there is a blue sky above,
and the less time they waste on the t
road the sooner they will reach it. t
Fretting is all time wasted on the t
road.-Helen Hunt.
MAYONNAISE- DRESSING. t
How to Prepre T'his aich and Delicious v
Table 3.ealts. t
Put the uncooked yolk of an egg into
a chilled bowl, beat well with a silver b
fork, then add two saltspoonfuls of a
m salt and one saltspoonful of mustard h
powder, work them well a minute or t
two before adding the oil; then add h
a little good oil, which must be poured
in very slowly, a few drops at a time
Ltion at first, alternated occasionally with a
se few drops of vinegar. In proportion
co. as the oil is used, the sauce should be- t
hite come thick. When it begins to have
uder the consistency of jelly, alternate a few ft
un- drops of lemon juice with the oil.
When the egg has. absorbed a gill of
lose oil, finish the sauce by adding a small
ong pinch of cayenne pepper, and one and of
ugh one-half teaspoonfuls of good vinegar 01
-so Taste it to see that there are salt, IN
egs, mustard, cayenne and vinegar enough, b
ittle if not, add more seasoning very care- ul
sely fully; these proportions will suit most bi
eyes tastes, yet some like more mustairdn
ated and more oil. Do not use too much i
leg. cayenne. By beating the egg a little h
,at before adding the oil. there is little
e danger of the sauce curdling; yet if, be y
use adding too much oil at first, it should ch
curdle, immediately interrupt the op- ni
eration. Put yolks of one or two eggs
and on another plate, beat them well and
ion- add the curdled mayonnaise by de- th
grees and finish by adding more oil, "v
o lemon juice. vinegar, salt and cayenne Al
the to taste. If lemons are not at hand tri
ere many use vinegar instead. an
lit- DAINTY PICTURE FRAME. V
eem
eEasily Made by an Amateur Artist from n O
eWa Water Color Paper. vi
Room belongings are often spoiled lai
bed by one tone not quite in harmony, and Wi
ef dainty pen and pencil or delicate water na
color drawings are at times cruelly va
treated by the framing, which, in real- tin
tch ity, should be the crowning touch.
ely A pretty frame is easily made by an W
m- amateur artist out of water cpolor pa- on
m- per. e
off It is first cut out heart shape. then
it, painted, as in the illustration, in na- bri
te r b i,
and e
wae t tor
alwh
by she
op lRe
las The
and itg
Lu ll ala
tal rld .o
ey t ha
fe- haw
1k II
he and
og So
ad 1t Ro
alts A PRETTY HEART PFRAME.
as tural shades of forget-me-nots, vitl, v
a delicate foliage in keeping with the Pik
flowers. The leaves are also cut out A
around the edge, leaving the space Ne
within for the photograph or picture.
be A back, the same shape, is made from
or pasteboard and fastened to the frame
ro with Royal glue. The blue ribbon
et hang-by and some faint suspicion of
to gilding about the center of the flowers
uf and the entire edge of the frame only
g, add to its decorative charms. Squaro
of frames of the same paper, with design
of wild roses and leaves, are also ivery
.h becoming to prettyfaces within.-SN.
b- V. Herald.
The Age or women.
Vo The wish to conceal her age is so
r popularly supposed to be second nature
I. to every woman that it has come to be
it accepted almost as one of her preroga
a tives. Even on the witness stund legal
d igquiry and judgment are very lenient
h on this poinst here in aerica. Over
g in Australia. however, it seems, it is a
e serious offense, and recently a mar
o riage was declared void because the
husband proved that his wife had de
ceived him as to her age, claiming to
r be fifteen years younger than she really
was. In this connection the celebra
tion the other day of the ninety-ninth
t birthday of a still vigorous woman is
"worth mentioning as bringing together
a company of the sex who strove each
to be older, not younger, than the
other, those who had touched the
ninety mark announcing the fact with
a pride that quite silenced the im
mature matrons of seventy-eight and
eighty-five.
Appreciative. smart
Wool-W1hat's the matter with your physic
Van Pelt-Tried to conwince an Irish
man that a four-leaf clover was a a
shamrock. ior my
Wool-I thought the four-leaf clover S1
brought good luck.
Van Pelt-It does; didn't I get away
alive?-Puck.
Novel Shirt Studm.
The height of novelty has been
devil's heads, small and black. Therre
are five of them connected by a fine
gold chain. Imagine the sensation m@f:
they create when seen on a delicately
tinted shirt ronTHI
Anzatot to Unew, AH it
"I gave Bobbins a eigar out of this 'i n'h
box a few days ago."
"Has he got ovea with you yet?"- tOP? a
Truth.r~g
f S hslve etestepl i i"gW if' &
i re hie a flagmante t
€as constantly, and thisIaguisn anti t *0
er. leave his post to eat or sleep until he s
S eved by mi one capable of satnd
flt watebh
did -There was sold recently one hun
an dred acres of the old Welbster home
ad stead at Mashflld, latelding the old
be observatory on Ula Ok tanoat. The
es deeds show that Daniel Webster pur
of chased part of the property in 1844.
ýb- The Boston woman who hasbought the
tar land coveted it on account of its histor
re, leal associations, which she wishes to
an see preserved.
S-With the cheapening of silver has
come an extension of its use in the fine
arts that promises in time to widen the
market for theproduets of the Colorado
is- mines. People are buying in solid sil
g ver many small articles that used to be
1h- plated, and silver plate has been sub
m- stituted in other cases where hitherto
of the baser metals have been almost ex
he elusively used. It looks as if fashion
ye could have a great deal to do with sil
Ily ver for the next five years.
as -The increase of insanity in Georgia
he has been so rapid that the capacity of
st the buildings provided for the insane is
'e, insufficient. The trustees say that
he they are now so overcrowded as to in
t. terftre with the comfort and successful 1
he treatment of the patients. There were i
only five hundred and fifty inmates of ]
the asylum in 1873; this year nearly J
two thousand were treated, and there e
as were over sixteen hundred on hand at
the close of the year.-Baltimore Sun.
o -Crysanthemums of any variety may
er be propagated in-doors from the slips,
and the blossoms that florists sell often
have a stalk long enough to furnish
r three or four cuttings. The cuttings
Id have an astonishing vitality, and it 1
planted In a pot of earth that is kept
O constantly moist they will, in a large
a percentage of cases, root and prosper
a without once losing the appearance of
' freshness. Some florists keep on hand
'e only a single plant of each variety, and
'ý from these make all their cuttings for
new plants.
'I -The only raven at the Central park
d zoological garden in New York is a bird
of some accomplishments. He was im
ported from Europe, and for some time
` belonged to a gentleman living in the
upper part of Manhattan island. The
bird had learned to crow like a cock
d and to cluck like a hen, and he turned
h these accomplishments to account. It
was his habit to excite the curiosity of
his master's chickens by a display of
his mimic powers, and whenever a
chicken thrust a head into his cage to
nip off that head as if with a pair of F
sharp shears.
I -One of Prof. Putnam's assistants at R
the anthropological building at the
world's fair last summer was Antonio
Apache, a full-blood Indian, whose Al
1 tribal name is his family name as well.
and who was once a member of the L
band tinder the guidance of the famous ar
Victoria. Antonio at that time was a
only a boy. Now he is a grown man am
with a perfect. command of the English at
language and such an acquaintance
with things pertaining to Prof. Put
nam's department as to have been very
valuable to the learned man. crven at
the regular work in Haryard collee
Ton Feel Ready to Go to War
With all mankind when your liver is out of
order. Drastic cathartic pills will neither
regulate your liver nor sweeten youlr temper.
Hcistettej's Stomach Bitters, though, will
bring comfort and calm, relieve your bowels
picasantly, and disperse all the symptomsof
biliousness. Incomparable is it too for ma
larial, kidney and rheumatic ailments, dyes
pepsia and nervous debility.
FATAzHE-"Is that young girl you're going
to marry economical?" Son (enthusiastic
ally)--"r should say so! Why last. year
sho sient ft,5O in bargaias !"-Chicago
Record.
^A Child Enjoys
The pleasant flavor, gentle action and sooth
ing effect of $rup pf Figs, when in need of
a laxative, and if the father or mother be
costive or bilious, the most gratifying re
sults follow its use; so that it is the best family
rmedy known and every family should
have a bottle.
He was a young poet, in love with a girl,
and speakinr of her he said to his friend:
"She is a perfc,t poem. If you don't think
so lust scan her feet when you meter."
Rochester Democrat.
FoRTIYv Feeble Lungs Against Winter
with Hale's IHoiev of Horehound and Tar. A
Pike's Toothache DropsCure in one minute.
A rowl- blot-the scrub chicken.--Mural
New Yorker. [
A(A0
HOW ARE YOUP
DR. NYATT SHAISES IOTNIII
ferbti uew rvIu and furnimbem medlcins. for L333
than "olacan t r- h _ __tn _dr m.
O i, oe -a , lla ... ..
Ely's Cream Balm
CATAIRRH
THE NASBY LETTERS.
All the taaby Lettewrs . wewww . t~
ublisphoe in boot bu. Clloth boo Dy
sub i cptlon to the-Kewka~j dn.l !'
cope e7 ý`°_ eý ý ý
ii
Io
..K
l- em asessacy
Flow
- For two years
with stomach tronble, fox
I all that time under trtl by a
Sphysician. - He finally, ing
Severything, said msy sto was
Cease eating solid food.- r
L ommendation of a friendI red
a bottle of August Flower. -
ed to do me good at once. - ined
strength and flesh rapidly l feel
now like a new man, a sider
that August Flower has curme.'"
Jas. a. E. Dederick, Saugerties, Y.
THE GOLOhE. to
Harry Willard French,
Author of
"The Lance of Kanana, " " Out of- the
Night," etc., is contained, conm
plete, in
LIDpn O0tt'sL Maoatie
For lansary (published Deo. 20).
Also,
The beginning of a serial story tb
CILBERT PARKER,
Entitled
THE TRESPASSERa
Also,
THE PENINSULA OP LOWER CALI.
FORNIA. By JAsES KNAPP REEVE
FRENCIY. (A Story.) By MorxLr
ELLIOTT SEAWELL.
RECOLLECTIONS OF FANNY KEM.
BLE AND OTHERS. By Mls. M. E.
W. SkERWOOD.
Also poems,.essays. stories. etc., by favorite authors.
LIPPIGCOTT'S orlgnate the .complete story
feature. and, with its varie
and Interesting miscellany, is one of the most attract
ive MagaEines now published. For sale by all news
and book dealers. Single number. 33 Cents; per
annum. S.oo. (Sample copIes sent. post-paid. upul
application, if you mention this paper.)
LIPPWISCOTT'S MAGAZINE, Philadelpbla.
McELREES'
WINE OF CARDUI.
For Female Diseases.
NE OE UNNE
S` baiaaprt lb""" at tova.
torta±Oe lawee[am t rrhere others ll. A
OLelo'ei·'teýilt ;DIwt akxrttaeo Prlos. N a. a
PONIT eRORCLz;.ý
Tn iools for BoefnsW 1.a
tbe ai APs.u. tb.I.suet
Tsro lsbate and DOog MS'
ma shon1A a PRO's a fo
Consamytlon. It das rrn~e
·do u tit i as not Inat
It i s M Dest ad LOtatt
Sold atvaywb\v r a.
w- N. K.. 1477
MýýIº- ýrirllý+'rtýýltýMº