IYw o - /enl s oas·
I . . ded to aIm Hood's Barge
a soon beiga to impr ov. Aftewa
tp bottles I was entirely ored
S t ever mince bem tree from a f ail
tom msa. I eon dently recom
" Earspartla." s. H. ..
C Corn
S4Y an"vgorous feeder and re
well to liberal fertiliza
. On corn lands the yield
es and the soil improves
x properly treated with fer
zers containing not under
actual
-,Potash.
trial of this plan costs but
-istle and is sure to lead to
oi culture.
pasur w edsto adree ptait cetore.s efoa.
ra marascba on the et fesiaatioaa. asd
r i wd tiof mor,. ame. thea are sct Sre for
dowan N'o Stm.. New Yak.
,T. Greatest Medical Discovery
of et the Age.
SKEWNNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
M0LALD KENNEDY, of NOXBURY, ,MASS.,
HIas discovered in one of our cbmmon
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
k icind of Humor, fxoln the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it In over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
.(both thunder humor.) He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of fts Value, all within twenty miles of
Boiston.; Send postal card for book.
.Abenfi is always experienced from the
rflt.bttle, and a perfect cure Is warranted
when the right quantity Is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
thruh them; the same with the Liver or
8el~s. This is caused by the ducts be
ig stopped, and always disappears In a
week after taking It. Read the label.
If the stomach Is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespooaful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggi gts.
.S shaf
hump?
It's the feature of
the DELONG
Eye. No matter
how you twist
and turn, it holds
the eye in place.
Bsid Lwoerst .tamp
geggA same and ad
dress, and we wIl
muff sloe Maother Goose (nnew elothe.
--eJesltng len oolor ~plrea; ten black
aid swAtie pieutw; end LoLa ef tely
Lacmaaaon* Da Les. Race., Pilaja.
g1 aewit - eatiahd reps
aiom. Te tet of time
ahes smped the
4C C oUarTrm oAs.
ams ina m woaw
. a - ot
N W V·
-5 ~ -
Sus ta of the whel.
.The average) Smam horse is quit un-.
suited to irve asa carrlage orrii
animal, and the-averagessat farmer.
- ' -.ato keep horses for thei pin +s
a pleasure driving.
there. are. many oecasions wheo
s 1asty t. rip must be mad. ;to the
post :ofice or to the store, or the
doctor's offiee or .to ia neighbor's.
To take the plow horse- from his
work means a loss of valuable time,
and to hurry-the heavy animal over the
road endangers his health and isva~he.
On a light, airy wheel. ) boy or girl
member of the household may b¢ able
to perform the errand in a speedy, hap
py manner.
With a good bicycle and good roads,
the farmer's son could dispense with
the keeping of driving horses, carriage
i
DRIVING FOR PLEASURE.
Soft Is the song upon the evening air,
And oh! so soft the lovey-dovey pair;
And soft the glance from some dark-eyed
coquette. ,
But roads likets this. ahi they are softer yet.
and harness, so far as the pursuit of
pleasure these things afford is con
cerned. The wheel would transport
- him more cheaply, speedily and pleas
. antly, on many occasions, than horses
and carriages could do.
As a matter of course, the farmer's
I daughter must be similarly supplied
w ith a wheel in order that there may
be a harmonious blending of pleasures.
Farmers well know that during the
Inactive portions of the year horses are
a source of expense. They "eat their
heads off" is a common expression.
They are also a constant care.
Tolling or resting, the wheel eats no
oats. It does not require constant at
tention. It is always ready for the
rider, day or night. It will not suffer
if left standing unblanketed in a cold
wind.
All in all, it is plainly evident that at
one of the steeds kept on every
ffi should be of the steel variety. It
will make life easier for the other
horses and their master.
Farmers should be in favor of good
roads, not alone for their-horses' sake,
but that they may avail themselves of
the pleasure and profit that would be
derived from the use of the bleycle.-L.
A. W. lulletin.
AMERICA'S OAK FORESTS.
Disappearance of the Woods That Were
Once the Nation's Pride.
The magnificent oak forests north of
the Ohio river, in the central part of the
northern states, have largely disap
peared. Within the .last five years
there has been an increasing demand
for oak in spite of business depression,
more especially for such tignber as
goes into the house finishing, including
plain and quarter-sawed red oak and
white oak. The duration of the Wis
consin red oak supply is now pretty
plainly indicated, and in the meantime
remnants of Indiana, Ohio, Michigan
and southern Illinois oak will have dis
appeared, except in small farm hold
ings, and the great bulk of the supply
will thereafter come from south of the
Ohio. Of course, there is oak in all the
southern states, but the alluvial bottom
lands must furnish the great bulk of
the timber, and as Kentucky and Ten
nessee and West Virginia are partly de
nuded, the main supply will soon be de
rived from the lower Mississippi and
its tributaries. If the finest area of
oak timber in the world, namely, that
north of the Ohio river, has been
stripped while the country's population
and industries were comparatively
small, how long will the remaining sup
ply last when the needs are measured
by our future population and indus
trial development? Walnut is gone;
cherry, birch and maple will not last
Tnany years, and therefore the demand
for oak will be much greater and will
"Rapidly increase. It must be remem
bered, too, that oak lands are good for
agriculture after the timber is cut, and
for this reason the denudation will go
on with greater rapidity than on the
lands less valuable for tillage. When
the tide of emigration sets strongly
toward the alluvial areas of the lower
Mississippi and its tributaries the hard
-woodjrosts will melt rapidly away be
fore The attacks of the farmer. It is
for this reason that large holdings of
southern oak and other hardwoods are
now being secured in the south. After
a few years opportunities for such in
vestments on a large scale will be gone
forever.--Garden and Forest.
FRESH DAIRY NOTES.
Never let the cow grovw poor in win
ter. Open the grain bin to her.
If we are unwilling to strive to make
the best butter in the world better not
make butter.
There are three kinds of criticism that
make a person awful mad: To criti
cise one's politics, religion or butter,
however bad they may be.
The milkmen of Chicago have been
hauled overthe coals for selling watered
milk. The dairyman has to conmpete
with both the lard tub and the pump.
When a dairyman thinks that his
cows do not suffer from being confined
from the beginning to the end of the
winter, let him remember that the in
jury cannot always be seen. It is
against the laws of nature, and that is
enough to know.-Farmer's Voice.
salt for Chlaekee Cows.
My cow was choked while eating a
pumpkin. folding her head up and
her tongaue to one side, I put in two
handfuls of common salt, and held her
for a moment so it could work down
her throat. She appeared deathly
silekC, and the saliva ran in streams, bnt
the obstruction was removed and she
was a well cow-$40 saved inastead of
being btr, d.--V, s. CVoaby, "Ii4I
-~ Apqf01,wwYr* -
`eotan tud O o thenA:
p -hol; e"d T -" ' .aov4 tq6
- isometimes done by thioe who ougt to
r knowbeter.
!-
' .The right .1. enlreth le
W so' a to 'admi't roots Without bending,
and to a dep~th. Aitcient. to plant .th
Stree - 9Inach deeperthan it-stood in h
b aursery Then .slghtly anll with i:oo.
. surface sail, making a cone In' the
center, upon whioh.tlie tree will stan6
irnuised or broken roots cut back to
: here sound, using a sharp knife and
Sh1ing careful to slope from the Uad~d
side-so the cut surface will facedown
1 ward." 1Place the tree in the hole with
a the side having the lowest and heaviest
- branches toward the southwest, almo
lean body of tree toward the two
o'clock sun. Lean the tree slightly;
I the north side of a tree grows faster,
hence so many trees incline aivay from
the sun, with consequent injury to the
trunks from sun scald, flathead borers.
etc.
Bet the tree on the cone, spread the
roots evenly in all-directions, pushing
the ends downwards. They then act
as braces to hold the tree firm. Don't
let roots be flattened out, nor, worst of
all, have their ends beds bent upward. Never
bend roots; rather cut them back some
what itf very long. Sift the lise dirt
over the roots and at' the same time
gently move the tree up and down, that
the dirt may be worked in among the
roots. Whena they are covered to the
depth of two or three inches use ran
mer or step down into the hole and firm
the dirt with the feet froma that time
until the hole is filled to within an inch
of the top,when the firmed earth should
be covered with two inches of fine loose
soil to prevent evaporation.
Plant when the soil will powder, not
paste. If very dry, water should be
poured into the hole after roots have
been covered three inches with fine
soil; then, after hole is nearly filled.
finish firming. Watering is seldom
necessary in spring setting, except in
late planting.
Puddle roots before planting, always.
A half barrel partly filled with water
with enough loam soil in it to make it
thick is a good puddle; or dig a hale in
the ground. Puddling should be done
immediately before planting andl not
allowed to become dry on the roots.
In spring, as soon as frost is out, go
over all fall-planted trees and tramp or
pound the earth solid, for frost will
have loosened and drawn your trees,
and if left they may die.-Fruit Grow
ers' Guide.
THE AESTHETIC SIDE.
Why It Should Be Kept in View by the
Builders of Roads.
In nearly every work on road con
struction, the author lays down two
distinct rules; first make the lines as
nearly straight as possible, and when
changes in line occur connect them by
regular curves of proper radius; sec
ond, when the line is intended to be
straight, let it be absolutely so. These
rules are In a very large degree considc
ered obligatory and their siolation
does a great deal towards spoiling the
beauty of any landscape through which
it is necessary to make a road. A great
Smany in following fixed rules apd prin
ciples regard beauty as a thing un
worthy of consideration, and fine trees
of a century's growth are ruthlessly
cut down, and hill shades marred by
deep and ugly cuttings when by making
a slight bend in the road, and following
the contour of a hill with its natural
and irregular curves, the road would be
given more beauty and expense could
often be saved.
A consideration of the natural con=
ditions ought to be among the deter
mining elements of a line of road, the
capability to seize upon and make the
most of those natural conditions ought
to be one point of-discussion. The aes
thetic elements in the problem of mak
ing a road are not necessarily at vari
ance with practical considerations.
Let road makers consider this ques
tion, consider how much beauty might
be preserved, and added to our land
scapes, especially in suburban com
munities, without the sacrifice of any
reasonable utilitarian requirement.
It is the wanton disregard for beauty
wihout any corresponding gain which
should be protested against.
PIT FOR VEGETABLES.
Some Precautions Are Necessary for Dig
ging One of Them.
Manya people practice the plan of
keeping vegetables for a part of the
winter, at leaC, in pits dug in the
ground. Where such a plan Is adopted
some precautions are necessary. The
trench ought, if possible, to be dug
upon a ridge, or knoll. In any event
the ground should slope from its top on
both sides to turn surface water. If
dug upon a ridge a small box drain can
be made at the center of the bottom.
carried the length of the trench anJ
then turned through the bank to come
to the surface farther down the slope.
A bit of wire gauze netting will keep
out mice and other animals, and the
trench, wholly freed from the danger
of standing water, can be kept for use
year after year.-American Agricul
turist.
Much Lees Sawed I SaUes.
As to the superior value of silage over
dry food no one can reasonably have a
doubt. Beyond the fact that the crop
siloed contains its constituents as na
ture arranged them, and in that condi
tion is most wholesome, fromn an eco
nomice point of view, there is no com
parison. The more plants are exposed
to the air the greater is their loqs of or
Iganie matter, until, in tine, they be
come valueles., All thi loss is saved
- t . tll s.- : are -w. ,- ' e- = with
i t Chanii g. -gthe edopted sn.oi. .
Viceroy LI ung Chang. siace his re
. t u r n b l a s e-' " ,p e s e o _ ¢ o n i n e " n ! :
-tutu J he peace conference in.
Japan lats April, has been occupyingJ
Bl leasure 'houirs in superintending
the building of a handsome house in
foreign style inside the capaious' gar-n.
deus of his-.ather at Wuhu.
--Gusta .Freitag ordered in his will
that all letters written to him should,
be restored- to the writers cg their
hit6rs, and that nothing olf iis own;
should be published that he had not
expressy intended should be printed.
'What is not finished or is a failure,"
he. wrote, "does not belong to the
market, and I do not wish to annoy
readers by. my youthful efforts."
-The German Emperor William has
sent a portrait of himself to the emi
nent painter Andreas Achenbach, who
has just celebrated his eightieth birth
day at DusseldorL Herr Achenbacih
has received a large number of con
gratulatory letters and telegrams from
various academies of art and from his
admirers.
-The sultan of Turkey spends five
thousand dollars daily for his table.
He has no dining-room and the serv
ants serve his meals wherever they can
find him. The-dishes are covered and,
sealed with the Imperiall seal, which is
pit on in the kitchen by the grand
vizier, the idea being that the sultan
may be certain that his food has not
been poisoned-or tampered with.
-Mr. Eivind Alstrup, who accom
panied Lieut. Peary in his first great
journey over the ice-gap of Greenland
to Independence bay, is writing a book
on the experiences of himself and gal
lant leader. As a matter of honor, Mr.
Alstrup will not have the work trans
lated and published in English until
after Mr. Peary has issued his book.
-But three members of the supreme
court were not appointed by either
Mr. Harrison or Mr. Cleveland. These
are Justice Field, appointed by Presi
dent Lincoln in 18603; Justice Harlan,
of Kentucky, appointed by president
Hlayes in 1877, and Justice Gray, of
Massachusetts, appointed by President
Arthur in 1881 to the vacancy which
the late Roscoe Conkling emphatically
declined to fill.
-The Codex Upsal differs from every
other known manuscript in the fact
that it was written with silver ink on
violet parchment, the initials being of
gold. The secret of the manufacture
of this silver ink is not definitely
known, though it is suspected that
some solution of the metal was em
ployed in the writing and then subse
quently treated with chemicals to give
the metallic luster and effect.
-Mrs. Newcomb McGee, of Washing
ton city, daughter of Prof. Newcomb,
the famous astronomer, has the dis
tinction of being the second woman
elected a fellow of the American Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Science.
She is also a member of the Authro
pological society. She was graduated
in medicine from the Columbian uni
versity in Washington, and is now at
work in the Johns Hopkins hospital in
Baltimore. Mrs. McGee has visited
with her father all the great observa
tories of Europe, and now accompanies
her husband on her geological expedi
tions.
HUMOROUS.
-"Dearest girl of all." was the way
the letter began. Right there, so to
speak, he queered himself. "Of all!"
she said, softly, to herself; "'then there
are others!"-Indianapolis Journal.
-"Howdy do. Barker? Living in
town?" "Yes. I've come here to diet."
"Diet? Great heavens, man! At the
Swelldort?" "Exactly. The rich foods
I'd naturally eat are so expensive 1
can't buy 'em, so it's plain food or
starvation."-Harper's Bazar.
-So It Was.-"I thought this promis
sory note was gilt-edged paper," re
marked the bank cashier, "but I have
discovered that it was forged." "Then
it really is guilt-edged," .replied the
president of the institution. - Pitts
burgh Chronicle-Telegraph.
-Nautical Point. -Kansan - "Say,
Bill, it says here that the crew of the
schooner were compelled to rig a jury
mast. What's a jury-mast?" Missou
rian--"Why, anybody could tell you
that. It's one of those big masts it
takes twelve men to put up."-Rox
bury Gazette.
-"So your husband is running for
office?" said one woman. "Yes."
"Keeps him pretty busy, I suppose."
"Very bus3y." "Kissed all the babies
in the county, hasn't he?" "No; not
all. He hasn't had time to even say
howd'ye do to his own babies in the
last three weeks"-Washington Star.
-A country paper declares that
"Mr. Johnson, a farmer of our village,
on returning to his house the other
day, found in his ground-floor bed
room, the door of which had been left
open, a cow, probably astray." The
conjecture expressed in the last two
words may be set down as, on the
whole, a fair one. -Presbyterian Mes
senger.
-Feminine amenities overheard in
Battersea park. Two ladies seated on
a bench are discussing the bicycle
riders. First Lady- "Just look at Mrs.
M. in trousers and tunic! Her hus
band hasn't been buried three months,
and she used to be so 'down' on
rational dress." Second Lady-"Yes,
but she is very economical, you know,
and she's wearing out the late lament
ed's wardrobe."-London Telegraph.
-Cruelty-"Oh, dear," sobbed Mrs.
Hunnimune, "I knew it would come to
this, but I didn't expect it so soon."
"Has your husband been mistreating
you?" asked her visitor solemnly.
"Y-yes," she sobbed, "He says I want
my own way all the time." "And
won't he let you have it?" "That's the
worst of it. He says that he doesn't
care if I have my own w-way all the
time, b-but that I won't make up my
mind w-what itis."-Washington Star.
-A cockney solieitor, who was char
acteristically mixed up in the use of
his h's, while visiting New York met
the late Mr. Marbury, one of the wits
of the New York bar. The English
man. eommenting on the legal proftea
sion of Naew York, said its members
were very proficient and learned, but
that they were absolutely ignorant on
the subject of "hentail." "Ah," an
sawered Muabury. "my dear sir, we
may be ignorant of the 'hentall,' but
our knowledge of the :'cookiWl' Is un
p~a'pDsa*O 4.n'4* lrelPL9bw( Tffom.Rb
bef bf eing pa esked ,tr:e.
As soon as the prunes re_ o
they are taken to a building callerth@t
ftrutery. where they remain a few.
days to ,omplete maturity. The fruit
.is-then subjected,.to not leas than
three and frequently four, distinct
cookings before being pronounced fit
for market. The first two preliminary
cookings have for their object evapo
vetion of water contained in the fruit;
thei Ainal cooking,. which dries the
fruit imparts a certain brillianoc
much sought by buyers. You kno*
that rich gloss? The sun-dried prunes
are most delicious to the taste, but the
exigencies of the trade do not permit
of such long preparation. In several
4istricts.of France the most primitive
means are practiced in curing the
fruit. In Provence it is plunged in
pots of boiling water, then placed in
basketseand gently shaken until cool,
when it is put upon long trays and ex
posed to the sun's heat to complete the
desiccation.
At Digne the prunes are not gath
ered until ripe. Women feel the fruit
with their nails to avoid injury to the
soft pulp. The fruit is strung on
small twigs in such fashion as not to
touch. These iticks of prunes are
stuck into straw frames, which are
suspended in the'aun until the prunes
easily detach from the stick, the pit is
then removed and the same process of.
sun drying is gone through and, when
thoroughly dessicated, packed for
market. The trays used in rural dis
tricts are quaint affairs, vsrying in
form, dimensions and construotion a
cording to locality. Th- peasants
make them during the winter months,
and they are clumsy and cumbersome,
and the only exeuse is the peasant can
not afford to buy and is not skillful
enough to make better ones. Perhaps
some day a little Yankee skill may en
ter into this primitive construction,
which is now a frame made of hoop, to
which is fastened a wicket-like bottom
fashioned from rushes and willow
t w i g s . . . .
TiRa is the handmaid of justice; free
dom is its child; peace its companion; safe
ty walks in its steps; victory follows in its
train.-Sydney Smith.
"Os views these thing" said Br'er Fox,
"According as his light is.
I do not doubt those grapes are sweet.
But I fear appendicitis."
-Chicago Record.
irr on MAss.--Thy say when Cupid aims
his dart
At man he never misses,
Yet when he hits a miss's heart
'Tis then he makes the Mrs.
LAcIA-"And now you must see papa."
Reginald-"1 have seen him-or, rather, he
has seen me. He told me yesterday that
either had to declare myself or stay out of
the house."-Indianapolis Tribune. -
Ix proverbs dangers often lurk- -
ThoU- meaning rather hazy;
"The happy man sings at his work,"
But-drives the others crazy.
-Atlanta Constitution.
PCsBLO sentiment powerfully restrains
men from doing wrong; but, when they
have done wrong, sets itself as powerfully
against them.-Beecher.
Tan proprietor of a Louisville bone fac
tory announces that persons leaving their
bones with him can have them ground at
short notice.
WHATEVER difference may appear in the
fortunes of mankind there is, nevertheless,
a certain compensation of good and evil
which makes them equal.-Rochefoucauld.
AT the National Gallery.-Fair American
(before a celebrated picture of a saint
Wal, I reckon I would have had my hair
crimped before I had my picture painted.
Judy.
TEncuER-"Tommy, how is the world
dividedi" Tommy-"Pnw says it is divided
between the corporations and the poll
ticians."-Indianapolis Journal
IT was during a heavy storm, and as the
thunder died away the little girl said
earnestly: "Iwish God wouldn't grumble
so..,
A FATHER'S DESPAIR.
A Sad Afiotion of a Four Yearse'
Old Child.
From the CWiins' Journal, dilsnta, Tease.
Tuesday morning, August 13th, the editor
of the Journal, in company with G. W. Tay
lor, the stableman of Linden, Texas, drove
out seven miles northwest of Linden to the
residence of Mr. John Miller. We were re
ceived and well entertained by Mr. and Mrs.
Miller. Their son, BufordJ. Miller, at about
four years old, became pale and weak and
nothing seemed to do him any good. He
continued in this condition until he was
about twelve years old, at times eating too
much for one or two meals and then eating
but little for weeks afterward. At twelve
years of agehis feet and le"s began to swell
and developed into what his physicians said
was a bad case of dropsy.
Mr. Miller had two good physicians to
treat him; first Dr. A. J. Oliver, of Linden,
and then Dr. J. P. Mills, of Almira, Texas.
They both, after making a trial, gave up the
case. They could not beuefAt the pationt.
Mr. Miller then tried a number of patent
medicines, without any good result. He had
spent much money and his son Buford ap
peared to have no blood, no appetite, and
was so weak that he could not walk a hun
d'ed yards without stopping to rest. Mr.
Miller had given up in despair when one day
a neighbor, Rev. BS. . Echals, who lives
nearLinden, advised him to try Pink Pills.
Mr. Miller said he had no hope, and did
not want to make the trial, but his neighbori
insisted. The next question was where
could he get the pills. ie went to Jefferson
and found that J. F. Crow, a druggist, had
them. Mr. Crow was an old neighbor and
friend and persuaded him to give the pills
a thorough trial, promising that if he would
take three boxes and Buford received no
benefat from them he would charoge nothing.
Mr. Miller took three boxes of Pink Pills
home with him, and says before Buford had
taken one box there was a wonderful im
provement. This was about eikhteen
months ago. To-day Buford Miller is a
stout, hearty young man about nineteen
years old.
We met several of his schoolmates at
Linden who state there Las been a wonder
ftul change in Buford Miller. He is well
known by the people of Linden.
His mother, Mrs. Miller, was also afllicted
with dropsy about seven years, suffering
much in the sprng of the year. After see
ing that Pink Pills were benetiting her son
se concluded to try them for herse. This
was about a year ago, and she remarked
that if it had not been for Pink Plls she did
not know what would have become of her.
She had no symptoms of dropsy the past
pring. t5he said too much can not be said
in -rls of Pink Plls.
iMr. Miller referred as to 3. F. 8toveall,
the druggit in Linden, Eb. Frarder, mer
chant, sad many others who are well a
qu ainted withhits imisand knowthe facts.
Di. Williams' Pink for Pale Peole
arenotapatent medclne in the sense that
name implies. ThY were first e ompeunde•
to place them wthi the reach of all. They
we now mahUIfOtnred by the Dr. Wlhisms :
Medicine Compay, Schenectady, N.Y, end
are sold in boxe (never·nloose formb. y
the dosen or hudred., and the
sutnda numerous imitai sOe
r~i~tF ~ of
~· I..
A "?.
ewooman, aid yeou mail. t.hat le Ir- 1w
ou this mornýnt AnA then b us uae
hnd in the nsid poOket of her r oe lteoa
started got red in the- face and o-ahlsm
wished that she had never been emane
paed.W-Wnshin .gtOSa.
"War can I do to prove the ncerity of
may level" said- youn Mr. s Spins tois:
Boston aweethiart. YPromiseme that yo
wint'learnf to like trowaing," reed the
eiuracIareators Pittabclgh aronicle
Telegraph. o_ _ l o t
"KI naANo life swithout a cent in my
pooket," said the purse-proud man to an
acquaintance. "I didn'teven have a poket,"
replied the latter, meekly.
When o raveling
Whether on pleasure.bent, orbuslfl-s, take
en every trip a bottle of Syrup of Figs, as it
t most pleasantly and effctively on the
kidneys lver and bowels, preventing fe
vers, headaches and other forms of sick
ness. For sale in 5occnts and 81 bottles by
an leading druggists.
GQac'crs first experience in eating a
peach-"I've oaton it, cloth and all,
mamma. Now, what shall I do with the
bene?"
"Ir is an old saying that a secret can be
dkeptby three men if two of them are dead
but a woman conceals-what she does not
From Neow Until spring
Overcoats and winter wrapswill be in fash
ion. They can be discarded, temporarily,
while traveling in the steam heated train
of the Chicago, Milwaunee & lit. Paul Rall
way. For solid comfort, for speed and for
safety, no other line can compare with this
great railway of the West.
"eTo has proposed, and asks me to give
him his answer in ai etter." "Shall you do
it!" "No; I will be more liberal and give
him hls answer in two lotters."-Harper's
Baar.
I Branvu Piso's Cure for Consumption
saved my boy's life last summer.-Mns.
ALias DOoLAss, LeRoy, Mich., Oct. 20, '9i.
Tan opinions of the misanthropceal rest
npon this very positive basis, that they
adopt the bad faith of a few as evidence of
the worthlessness of all.-Bovee.
Ir you want to be cured of a cough use
Hale's Honey of HIorehound and Tar.
Pike's Tootlhache Drops Cure in one minute.
Bonar-"Papa, Jack Mason said his father
garbt him )o cents, and-" Papa--"Well"r'
obbyb-"I'd like to say the satmone of you."
-Harper's Bazar.
Haell's Catarrh Care
is a Constitutional Care. Price 75c.
SnLI interest is al ways at the rate of 100
per eent.-Young Men's Era. -
Paorvs who live in glass houses should
live glass lives.-Young Men's Era.
Woxax paint their cheeks and men paint
the towa.-Atchison Globe.
Drs. Maybe and Mustbc.'
You choose the old doctor before the young one. Why ?
Because you don't want to entrust your life in Inexperienced
hands. True, the young doctor may be experienced. But
the old doctor must be. You take no chances with Dr. Maybe,
when Dr. Mustbe is in reach. Same with medicines as with
medicine makers - the long-tried remedy has your confidence.
You prefer experience to experiment- when you are concerned.
The new remedy may be good - but let somebody else prove
it. The old remedy must be good -Judged on its record of
cures. Just one more reason for choosing AYER'S Sarsa
parilla In preference to any other. It has been the standard
household sarsaparilla for half a century. Its record inspires
confidence -50 years of cures. If others may be good,
Ayer's Sarsaparilla must be. You take no chances when you
take AYER'S Sarsaparilla.
-they're satisfied
Picked Up In Church
SANTA CLAUS Everywhere.
SOAP. uas"n oNv Bs
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY, Chicago.
DUNOAN'S LINIMENT ESTEd REMEDY iae,
Rheumatism Headache Toothache
•hi and PAINS generally..
to W. cw-NB. _seaTaavr u, wr.. as-".* "Ive round ms's l
to he e best =remy tot p.so senutr ever raw."
FOR OOLIO IN NHORSE and MULES It il a " DAD SHOT'.
wmEm mJawAOTmX. aS.e hresseesm. a .
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. . .   '
dam .2 nte of Igiaodd,ýatl#e
Jaokson's Indi an e daI /'to
do this; 25S at all o diop
Ta are suh -.h
":A rut reDU man," says a whyt)'paui.
man, "is like a pin. His head preeais Mm
from going too far.'"
MRS. ADAMS' LETTER,
aranLT, Cktteoga Co., Ga., Oct.4, ma
Two medlcies
have done me so
Smuch .good I caa.
not And word&-ti
tude for them. t
was down with a
complicatio : of
tronubles, catatrh
of the bowels and
falling of the
womb. FOrse·ven
weeks I could not
oft up. Two bot
ties of Mclree's
Wine of Carded and one -.~ of
Thedford'a Black-Draw .ht. me.
I have recommended M ine of
Cardli Treatment.to a number of suaf
fering women, and not one has failed
to find relief by its use. If. I can do
anything to help bring this good miet
icine to the attention of sufferers, I
will be glad. alts. E. C. ADAMS.
LFtteetTa Oc a sdm tesisom
5 t i2an. we b WEE a-L. a
S-, ati a tise lere = sgaur a
R. cas. heotBaUe. . me aessl a L plSm
gOdPIUM 7.5" 2 mas, .lms-
A. s N. . steel l 1aS7S
of thaee arcs that it wtism Gemi ail
iuar ums at 1/8 m. ural Oice. 11 aes mgates
WIDO YO CAN. A Nr YU
$15 to S20WEEKLY. Ltm Watr Ij 5 -Yddr.
U. cuss. eaOTP n NO. wooar at=". Louis. Me.
O PIU M VI IKWI ' KY.lwooLltb . sock s.0
A. N. K., F 167A
stun= WRITIN. TO ADVEaTImAms EaSn,