Aee *0
-wetboutrea atlonasm
 heoro te AL n s.
repa :red by1. . LYoNS ar co
ALD KE rEDY, of ROXBURYi , MASSunie,
as discovered sitn orie of ours common
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
don toa common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
ases, and never failed- xcept in two cases
ssession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
PrA benefit is always experienced from theCO
rstbottle, and a perfect cure is warranted.
hen the lungs are affected it causes.ry
... ootin pains like needles p assin
em; the same wgth the L.ver or
S . This is caused by 'the ducts be
'.: EDICALDISCOVERY.
nas discover, and n e of our -common a
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
-"- kind of Humor, from the worst label.
down the sta commonach is foul or bilious it wille.
HeNo change of diet in over n eessary. Eat
thases, and never failedecet In twget, and enough of it.cases
ossessi one tablespoonful in ater at ificatesd
of its vSlue, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postalcard for book.
A benefit s alwndays experienced from the
tastbottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when theright quantity our Is taken.ugust
When the lungs are affected it causess r
shooting pains - like needles passing %
throuhan any othe samedicine I ever or kept.
a new manis is caused by the ducts be
Ing stopped, and alrecomwas disappears In a
week after taking it. head the label.
- if the stomach is foul or bilious it will 1
ause squeamish feelings at fiAugustrst.
taNo change of dietever necessary. ater
thebest you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
ugust t
7Fl ower"
I used August Flower for Loss of b'
vitality and geajeral debility. After
taing two bottles- I gained 69 lbs. .,
rhave sold more of your August
Plower since I have been in business o
than any other medicine I ever kept. i
Mr. Peter Zinville says he was made
a new man by the use of August n
Flower, recommended by me. I n
hasre- hundreds tell me that August b
Fulower has done them more good
than any other medicine they ever d
tookr. GEORGEB W. DYe, Sardis, "
Ftlower ha s doueth
Mason Co., wKyi '
McELREES' oA
WINE OF CARDUN. °'
St
neto
ast
- Sha
Jers as e bt u useese as a-Wall
S -oae, th, . a oIavg aeot, o!
the 1S.e r *suitable a.moormodast
p I f-~ra or the .onvealent sad arest
e Iomios handling u nd stog of
frit. A building .attlv yeote to
.i5n I.p pt eomms on "pt,
tooiwhose is oti sued! ae loat i
tpersntcropup6n thiek r Tlera
appear to be no reason why Irtit
soIo have a plae provided for ts o.
e commodation a" ll as grain. espeeals
r uas fruit reglr more easet oondi
Mntions as to temperature and moisture.
.A bose celiar Where apples, pears and
eFI. 1.-FRaUIT HOUSm.
other fruit are usually stored is in the
majority of cases entirely unsuited for
such a purpose, since the same place is
used for the storing of potatoes, roots
and various other products of the soil.
and is often, moreover, either too warm
or'too cold for the best preservation of
| fruit. Where any considerable quanti
ty of fruit is raised it is certainly the
part of economy to have a building
specially provided for the purpose,
where there may- be room for properly
;e sorting, grading, barreling and storing
the products of the orchard and an op- 1
- portunity to control atmospheric con
ditions with precision. A perspective
view of a house is shown in the illus
-tration Fig. 1 and the ground plan in
Fig. 2, where Just such conditions are
provided. Sloping ground affords op,
portunity for a basement which, with a 1
proper selection of location, can very
largely be protected by surrounding a
Y earth and yet have a large door into
which a team can be backed when the I
fruit is to be marketed. The upper floor is
entered from a level with it,and contains
OaarreJJ oa 'ae.?S F - -
n I
a t
while at one end of this is a trapdoor
flo. The opposite side of the floor
IGspace. .-is ROUD Afor st OF FRUT barrelOUs,
a boxes and crates floor space into which a loaded on.i
team can be driven and unloadedulturist.
di rectly upon the sorting table, if desired, n
Swhile at one end of this is a trapdoor s you
r through which the barrlsof sorted em.
- fruit are lowered to the basement bthe
Slows will. The opposite side of the spoor i
space is used for storing empty barrels, e
boxes and crates for transportation.- leshy d
American Agriculturist.
SOME DAIRY POINTERS.
der on a milch cow; thregularly as youbad
milk them.
WeaxII frost glitters In the stable the I
cows will be poor before the spring- b
time. n
BEWARE of big horns and a fleshy ud- t'
der on a mulch cow; they are bad I
points, a
IF you want to make the straw stack
benefit the cow, put some of it under a
her for bedding.
HAr green incolor and sweet in taste
is the only quality that is fitted for a
cow in milk to eat
LET the cow frisk in the open air
once in awhile; continuous stable life
is not good for her. t
BEAUTY or color does not make the
worth of the cow, but the amount of E
milk she yields and its quality measure
her value.
IT is no easy task to make winter r
dairying pay, and you must depend c
more on brains than brawn to have it C
return a profit. d
Do NOT kick the cow because you are
angry; go and kick the barn door or
the inilkingstool until you recover your r
senses. A few lessons will break you
of the kicking habit.
A NERVOUS cow is preferable to a n
stolid one. The chances are that she
will give more and better milk than f
her dull, mopish sister. There are te- f
grees of mental development even t
among cows. Intelligence often ac- aB
companies profitableness as a milk tl
yielder. F
WVRE& a farmer takes a cow or steer
to-market. unless the creature is a gen
tle leader, the most easy and humane c
way is to transport the animal in a rack h
on a wagon. How often do we see ob
stinate or timid cows being cruelly
beaten on a country road by botchers
or farm hands. because they will not
lead or drive well. The cruel bruising d
injures the meat, and taints even the i
milk. -American AgriculturistTI
Great Is the Concord Grape.
Gentle reader, did you ever give
thanks for the Concord grape? Have
you ever thought what a blessing it P
has beelt to this country? Just im-in
agine the Concord wiped out and all t
our other varieties remaining, what
would grape culture amount to in this tr
belt? If taken away from us how Y
every one would throw up his hat for S
the. man- who would restore it. He
would be promised any office he might fa
ask for. What have you ever felt like a
doing for the man who gave us that o
variety? Do you know whoit is? Start ri
out and ask a hundred men whose ur
bread and butter depend on Concord "
grapes, and see how much they know ce
about it. Ten thousand men arca
familiar with the name of the leading
prize fighter, where one knows the Is
names of the originators of some of our 1o
best fruits and agricultural products.- tw
Grape Belt, 01
Po.ltry for the Orchard.
T'he Iowa Homestead has declded
that it pays to keep poultry among bi
small fruits, but only when sufficient co
skilled work is expended on the care of I
early hatches, so that they can be lit
brought up to a two-pound weight n
with very little expense of hand feed- Tr
ing, with the range feed they get. As
an insecticide they are a success. It is *"r
pri~bable that the larger or Asiatic sc
.leeeds are the best among small fruits, I
as the malUer breeds are such rustlers ]
that theiy mot only destroy insects but ali
_o much fruidt as well. But in case of
J.lsus.asn.. sdjunct to orhard
I, ,
.~wou~ ~,, or~w~toge
Tle wvast health-givng reulls aeady at
Tmee s4d me 5aiothwr-tm-Lsw es
P risostr Pale - te veh been ecentd
vlids in one ho stehold in a ew
to Teams o Agosy.
To theom he repton rter who was senldlt to
The stigate health-giving rremarkablt acuread Mr. Voe
ribted for the neFitspchbuers troghout this.
aoaota'y and Canada to Dr. Williams' "Pink
eorPale Peoboyhoo leI have been recently
weak sopplementedh. For the pas of to confirmed
constnvalidsy in on household in a ew Bgl
rhe. land town. The names of these people are
ad Fred C.ianse, his thife and his mohelpr-la me.
law, Mppeti. Olitgaver C. out, of Pcterboro,mem.
hers of the same household.
To te Heralted reporter who was sent t
opnvestigate his remarkable cureMr. Vosleep
id: "I am close myears old, and hI wasve been
railroading for the Fitchburg for 15 years.
Sidown ie boyhood I have been troblewspirith a
some stome ih. Forthe past, I got a couple
suifore had terribly ashed constantly. Mybo I notim
that the pnot retain food; my head ached
onstantly andmeas so dizzythat I coulldnd sbrcely
stand; my eyes were blurred; I had a bad
heartburn and my breath soas ofiolently aensie. I
more brhadphysicians, but they failed to help me.
My appetite gave out, and four years ago 1
oter in eveloped papitation of the hert, womach
became sty affenrted my breathing. was noter
it rible pains In my backte and had to makoe
il water many times a day. -ever sinllydevel
'm oped rheumatic signs and couldn't sleep
oi nights. I I la ddonow my heartgood, anwould go
oo pit-a-pat at a great rate, and many nights I
hedinot clsavemy ever takenl. Iy was broken
padown in bodgs and hadids coaraged in spirit, whe
some time in February last, I got a couple
09, of boxes of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Be.
ly fore I had finished the first box I noticed
2p that the palpitation of my heart, which had
po bothered at time so that I couldn't breathe at
n. times, began to improve. I safor that in go
the circulag to my rhome on the hill from the depot,
sT, which was previously an awful task, my
in heart did not beat so violently and I had
more breath when my eached the howse.
r After the second and third boles l rown most
"f ther in e. ery other ralsopect. Mygave stomach
Shbecame stroinugernd the gas belching wfrom not
y so baof my appetite and digestion improved,
Sand my sleep becaI spme nearly natural andun
to medisturbed. I havelth continued takingthe
lr pills three times a day eotover since ladest
last March, and to-day I am feeling better than
at any time during the last eight stear. I
76 can confidontly and conscientiously say that
they havedone me more good, and their
good effects are more permanent, thnn any
medicine I have ever. taken. stmay rheumati
painorminalgs and hands arepalpitaton all gone. The
pains in the small of my back, which were
troubled atme bu hree times that I coulm-dn't stand
find my kidneys are wel regulated by them.
his ismenced an effect not claimed for the pills in
the circular, but in my se he brondeht nsed
about. I am feeling 100 peemr cent better in
new lifg and rihhness to the blood and re
every shape and manner. '
The reporter next rve Mrs. a olt, who
sairt: "I am paralysis, ears old, and for 14 yeticars
psat I have lid an internittent heart trou
neuralgiaThree rheums ago I had nervuous pros-adache
tration, by which my heart trouble was in
, ~reased so badly thait I bad to liedowtn most
of the time. My stomach also gave out, andle,
d had continual and intense pain from tiated hu
mor nck of my neck to the end of backbone.y
all dealeror wksill be sent for dost pabills and
Smedicines, utmy cents ath contined so mis
Se.ab0-theat aIre negave doctoring in dsor b tar.
1d I began addrintake Dr. Williams' Pink cilne
Co.,last wihenctader, and the irt box made me feel
ever so much better. I have taken the pills
AT aith the re sltcent race steting in anches
s, entirelythe pain in the spine andhich rathe
- region of the liver namedv stomach Trasy Cagai roft
normal, and the alpitaton of the harthanbys
Troubled me but three times since I com
An analysis of Dr. of theilliams' PinkPills
shows that they contain. In a condensed
Ar form all the elemeyts necesthsary to give
anew ife and richness to the blood and re
store shattered nerves. Tharean unfailieng
muscit drs diferently. ocomotoratia
rartial. aralysis, St. Aitus' dance, sciatica,
neural igilan rheumtism, nerous headache
the heart,ie, has signed a contractmplexions, allto
sail the sheakness either in male or female,
and all diseases resulting from vitiated hfor
k mor in thebloodGrinnellPink Pills are sod b
aThdealers, or caill be sent p outst id n re
paript of thce. (0 cents a box,orsx boxesndaor
bears the are neof aer sold in bulk or b the
ors.00) Oer eight millions oillims' Mthee cinalen
dars were madye. C. I. Hood & Co., asOnt.
SPORTS AND PASTIMES,
is wa recent race meeting in anheors o
ter, England, three horses w hich ran
e in one race housere named Tranby Croft,
SStarhe wondartful curesand Bccarat. Tranby ef
ted bicycle hans of this brought about the
r reopening of many o the old-time
in acountry hotels in ranc, which had
t closed long agdevoto because of theintro
duction of railroads. up within a ew
years by the aris prefect of police has
r warned omen ysaparilla iss that thenew t
r rational ccling costume which they
haonve donned infringes the lan against
womeith hweariin tou nthe me ris clothes. They
Smust. --- "yiferently. profession d
mCAPT. Ige .LIAs f IAn.SE, of was hied- a
eford, ho was captain of the cup-dce- c
ender Vigilant during her races wanith a
the alkongrie, has signed a contract to
sail the schooner yacht Quickstep, of a
the New York Yacht club fleet, for c
Frederick Grinnell the comingstetterason. t
h Bitt s~. a Swenuine recuen."rator of vigor,
and a helpful stay and calendars senthe old, the by
weak and onvleichent. Incomparable inall
comparts of the contr-. Thcalendar
bears withe head oh a lovely girl, "onto youret
little gamep" saitho:r tphe idignant gueste sel
ing baellk the nonlish sparro the waiter o
had brought himh for rerd bis.on account of
s that it is foerll of little fuly cures tht have been f
feteIndianapolis Journal by eans o
purifier. oDon't you believe that spirits made l
in a buildie ih. h larest in
makringa medicine, and this great indus
*ps.Mj'
- 5-.
I- s
X Atkthe reqgust of the *ciretary of
ii·tleirr the chief of the bureau of
-aim4usa3 y has furnishe4o the fol
, lowi sitample directions for the steril.
samtion at mllks
The sterilastlion of milk for ehil
dAis, now gaite extensively practiced
in order to destroy the injurious
germ wbhieh it may eontain, can be
atisfactorily accomplished with very
Sasimple apparatus. The vessel contain.
Is ha the milk. which may be the bottle
Lk from which it is to be used or any other
ly suitable vessel, is placed inside of a
Slarger vessel of metal, which contains
Sthe water. If a bottle it is plugged
m with absorbent cotton if this is at
a. hand, or in its absence other clean cot
ton will answer. A small fruit jar,
to loosely covered, may be used instead of
ms a bottle. The requirements are simply
a that the interior vessel shall be raised
s. about half an inch above the bottom of
a the other and that the water shall
e reach nearly or quite as high as the
milk. The apparatus is then heated on
y a range or stove until the water
d reaches a temperature of 155 degrees
I Fahrenheit, when it is removed
a. from the heat and kept tightly
1 covered for half an hour. The
h milk bottles are then taken out
r and kept in a cool place. The milk
may be used any time within twenty
p four hours. A temperature of 1110 do
I
. THE APPARATUS.
grees maintained for half an honr is,
sufficient to destroy any germs likely
to be present in the milk and it is
found in practice that raining. the
e temperature to 155 degrees and then
i- allowing it to stand in the heated
n water for half an hour insures the
proper temperature for the required
r time. The temperature should not be
y raised above 155 degrees, otherwise the
c taste and quality of the milk will be
e impaired.
p The simplest plan is to take a tin
I pail and invert a perforated tin pie
plate in the bottom, or have made for
it a removable false bottom perforated
a with holes and having legs half an
1 inch high, to allow circulation of the
water. The milk-bottle is set on this
false bottom, and sufficient water is
put into the pail to reach the level of
the surface of the milk in the bottle.
1 A hole may be punched in the cover of
e the pail, a cork inserted, and a chem
ical thermometer put through the cork,
so that the bulb dips into the water.
The temperature can thus be watched
without removing the cover. If pre
ferred an ordinary dairy thermometer
may be used and the temperature test
a ed from time to time by removing the
lid. This is very easily arranged, and
is just as satisfactory as the patented 1
apparatus sold for the same purpose.
1 THE HOME GROUNDS.
3
Stlaking Them Attractive Pays in Mare
rWays Thian One.
"The moderate outlay in making the
premises attractive brings profitable
returns by enhancing the value of the
I property, and in that way without tak
ing into consideration the refining in
fluences upon the occupants. will prove
a profitable investment. But a really
attractive home is not made so by lar
ishness in a few matters to the exclu
sion of others. Neatness and a home
like appearance, without too much dis
play, will produoe in a majority of
cases a more pleasing effect than a
larger and less tasty display. On the
farm where at times the work is so
pressing as not to permit of all that is
necessary to be done at the proper
season, a good variety of evergreens,
hardy shrubs and roses will give better
satisfaction than a large number or as
sortment of flowers neglected. Not 1
that flowers should be discarded. A
few well-made.flower-beds can be made
to add materially to the appearance of
the yard, but a number of neglected
plants and beds can hardly be consid- a
ered ornamental.
A well-seeded lawn with shrubs.
roses, evergreen and shade trees can be
secured at comparatively a nominal
cost and will not require a great t
amount of work to keep in good shape.
As with much other work, in nearly
all cases much better results can be-se- a
cured if time is taken in good season 1;
to carefully plant out the grounds.
It is impossible to give anything like n
minute directions for laying out and d
planting farmyards. Location of the
buildings must, in a great measure, de
termnine how the work can best be done. Ii
Generally it is best not to have so large d
a number as to over-plant
One common fault in planting is in
over-crowding. This often does not d
show at first, but a very few years' a
growth will show the effect. While
the variety should be made one part of
the plan, yet this, too, can readily be
overdone. Better a few choice varieties 1
than an indiscriminate mi-.gling of a
large number. This applies to shade b
and ornamental trees as well as to tl
shrubs and flowers.-Prairie Farmer. n
- --- I:
About the ~VWashingl o Butter.
There is a good deal of dispute re
garding the propriety of washing but
ter. A lump of butter entirely made a
of unbroken globules can be freed I
from sugar and casein by washing.
Water easily penetrates into the granu
lar, ungreasy mass; the ferraentative t
agents are removed; the butter will not
spoil. T'his does not happen after hard
churning, because churns break the
globules more or less by heat friction
or stroke. When a broken globule
sheds its contents, the butter, being a
minutely divided in a liquid state, ab- I
sorbs or combines with atoms of sugar
and casein which are in solution, and
therefore minutely distributed. No 'J
washing is able to disintegrate atomic t
agglomerations within a greasy sub
stance; wvater runs off from it; in such
a case carrying away coarse mem
branes and flavor of the butter. -Farm
ers' Voice.
The Soath Needs Gooad Rosals.
Good roads are thle pressing need of
the southb. In this vicinity and scction l
they arc very bad, so much so that
sometimes i n midwintcr it is almost
inipossible to travel, especially with
any kind of a loaded Rwfigon.--J. C.
Price, President Livingston College,
tiallabury, N. C.
WVas.Eva-i the weather witl prmlt
do ptousiat.Ete!-plant .etwata aij -.g t
D URING hard times ecoisumers
cannot afford to experiment
with inferior, cheap brands of bak
ing powder. It is NOW that the
great strength and purity of the
ROYAL stand out as a friend in need
to those who desire to practise -Econ
omy in the Kitchen. Each spoonful does its per
fect work. Its increasing sale bears witness that
it is a necessity to the prudent--it goes further.
N *4 B . Grocers say that every dollar in
vested in Royal Baking Powder is
worth a dollar the world over, that it
does not consume their capital in dead
stock, because it is the great favorite,
and sells through all times and seasons.
BOYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 108 WALL T., NW*-YONK.
a WIT AND WISDOM.
* Seek happiness for yourself and
a onu will lose it, but seek it for others
a and you will find it. -Ram's Horn.
-Cobble-Do they furnish plenty of
e steanm in your apartment? Stone
I Well, old man, if you doubt it, just
Sconie up here on the first warm day.
e N. Y. Herald.
--"'ow, what must I do with this
wedding-cake to dream of it?" asked a
1 gushing damsel of a matter-of-fact
young man. "Just cat it; that's all,"
r was the reply. -Tit-Bits.
--he (excitedly)-Oh, George, some
woman on the car has stolen my purse!
He-How do you know it was a wom
an'? he-\Vhy, I had it in the pocket
Sof my dress.-Chicago RIcord.
-- 1 often make the wit go wound-"
"Twas chappie boy who spoke,
*l-]r saying something ovah which
The othab fellows joke."
-Washington Star.
-"What makes you always wait for
this special street car?" "The con
ductor never calls the names of the
streets and I never have any trouble in
getting off at the right place."-Inter
Ocean.
--Anglo Mania.- Chollie-Oh, she is
perfectly lovely: she paid me such a
cotmpliment. FTweddie--Vhat was it?
---C'hollie--She said I was so tan-Amer
ican. FIweddie-How delightful.-De
troit Free Press.
-.\ Natural Question.-Nodd-'rse
got an engagement with my wife to
Imeet her on this corner at two, (look
ing at his wa hi watch). It's two now. Todd
(married himself)-What time do you
expect her?-Truth.
-She (sympathizingly)-I feel so
sorry for the poor street car conductors.
It must be terrible for them to have
to be on their feet all day long.
lie---llumph! They ain't. They're on
the passengers' feet more'n half the
time. -Buffalo Courier.
--"'Mamma, when Willie has a tooth
ache you take him to the dentist to
have it filled, don't you? aske.i Tom
my. "Yes, dear," said mamma. "Well,
I've got a stummick ache. Don't you
think we'd better go to the candy store
and get it filled?-Harper q Bazaa
ARDENT Spirits-Those that kiss the me
dium at a seance.-Texas Siftings.
STIxc-AT-IVE-ESS wins. The postage
stamp generally gets there.-Ram's Horn.
Man' of small caliber butpleasantmanners
are smooth bores.-Ram's Horn.
Tar man who lives only for himself is en
gaged in very small business.-Ram's Horn.
"Now, I WA-T to give you a point," said
tho doctor, as he prepared to jab with his
lancet.-Boston Traveller.
LOVE is the greatest monopolist-without
an al!-embracing trust he finds himself sad
ly hampered.-Truth.
"How are you like the opera?" "Not at
all. I was inthe top gallery, and the prima
donna's voice wasn high enough to reach
as far up as that."-Harper's Bazar.
Sas-"L-ennler Chumpleigh doesn't look
like an actor, does he?" He-"No; and he
doesn't act like one, either."-Life.
GOni FRmErnS.-"I hope you don't think
me an absolute slave to fashion." "Yes, I
do. But it's all right; your dressmaker is
an abolitionist, it seems."-Puck.
GOes-"What do you girls do at your Con
versation club-just sit around and stare at
each other and talkt" Clara-"No, indeed.
We play whist."-Good News.
"WHAT made Jaggs sell his new dog that
he'd just paid a big price for?" "He didn't
think he would ever like him." "'Why
not?" '"You see he was a water spaniel."
Inter Ocean.
MAoDv--"yhy does that shoe dealer
there do such a tremendous business?"
Jennie-"Why, all his shoesare markedtwo
sizes smaller than they really are."-Boston
Traveller.
"I trYD it necessary," remarked Rim
mins, "to spend a geat deal of thought on
the poems I write for the magazines."
"How?"s"Beeing that none gets into the
manuscript.' '-Washington itar.
AS A CLEANSER
of the blood, nothing swee as clean as Dr
Pierce's Golden Mdical Discovery. It at
tacks all scrofulous, skin and scalp diseases
inthe rlght way-by purifSing the blood.
.crofula inm all its arious forms, Eczema,
Teter, Salt-rheum, Erysiplas Boils, Car
bunlee, Enlarged Glands, Tmors and Swell
ings, and every kindred ailment, are per
fectly and permanently cured by it.
~PIERE Guam- CU
Si"- uwrite in
had Eczema and ulcers
oa the e Previous
to this afetlon I had
bad Dropsy after the
Grip. I now feel per
feeUt well since 1 took
the Discovery."' My
legs arc all healed up
and I feel like a new
man. I cannot betnk
l Ua saves
yo iio d ý[otllfea
WORTH REMEMBERING.
IMAGINATION never disturbs existing
facts.
IMAxr weaknesses of human nature
are distorted virtues.
CONTENTMENT does not demand con
ditions, it makes them.
TIH wisest fellows, we think, are
those who agree with us.
To Be really yourself you must be
different from those around you.
5.A00O from Ten Acres. [a]
A. ~I. Lamb, a market gardener in
Pennsylvania, cleared .5,800 on five
acres of cabbage and five acres of
onions. The reason of this, he says, was
because Salzer's seeds are so extremely
early and wondrously productive.
Lightning Cabbage and King of the
Earliest Onions he had in the market
three weeks ahead of any other home
grown sorts, and consequently received
fancy prices. Salzer sends 35 packages
earliest vegetable seed, sufficient for a
family, for $1, postpaid.
IF YOU WILL CUT THIS OUT AND sEND IT
with 6c postage to the John A. Salzer
Seed Co., La Crosse, WVis., you will re
ceive their mammoth catalogue and a
trial package of "Get There, Eli," the
sixteen-day radish.
TI'RtE popularity s not the popularity
which i- followed after, but the popularity
which follows after.-Lord Mansfield.
TaHERE ismore Catarrh in this section of
the country than all other diseases put to
gether, and until thelast toew years wassup
posed to be incurable. For a great many
years doctors pronounced it a local disease,
and prescribed local remedies, and by con
stantly falling to cure with local treatment,
pronounced itincurable. Science has proven
catarrh to be a constitutional disease and
therefore requires constitutional treatment.
Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.
Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio is the only con
stitutional cure on the mariket. It is taken
internally in doses from 10 drops to a tea
spoonful. It acts directly on the blood and
mucous surfaces of the system. They offer
one hundred dollars for any case it fails to
cure. Send for circulars and testimonials.
Address, F. J. CHENEY & Co., Toledo, O.
-Sold by Drug-itsts, -75c.
aL's Family Pills, 5 cents.
"I sBP'os you had a high old time in Eu
rope?" "Yes," replied the returned tourist,
"I was done up at Monte Carlo. held up in
the Appenines and laid up in Rome."--Wah
ington Star.
The Most Pleasant Way
Of preventing the grippe, colds, headaches,
and fevers is to use the liquid laxative
remedy Syrup of Figs, whenever the sys
tem needs a gentle, yet effectiv-e cleansing.
To be benefited one must get the true
remedy manufactured by the California Fig
Syrup Co. only. For sale by all druggists
in Soc. and E1 bottles.
CALLING a woman's dress a dream is a po
lite way of saying that the cost of it gives
her husband thenightmare.-St. Paul hews.
Thosei
M Pim ples
Are'tell-tale symptoms that your blood is not right-full of im
purities, causing a sluggish and unsightly complexion. A few.i
bottles of S. S. S. will remove all foreign and impure matter,
cleanse the blood thoroughly and give a clear and rosy com
plexion. It is most effectual, and entirely harmless.
Chas. Heaton, 78 Laurel St., Phila., says:-"I have had for years a humor~in
my blood which made me dread to shave, as small boils or pimples wonld becut-.
thus shaving .to be a great annoyance. After taking three bottles of_'
my face is all clear and smooth as it should be--ppesit,
splendid, sleep well and feel like running a foot race, all
from the use of S. S. S.
Send fbr Trea.se on Blod and Skin Dimas"e mal..ie fSM SW IT MP . A Sm L.
MY GROCER PUT ME ONTO
THIS
a Sidi dioes iut~:
OAP. _O r
Ak YouR Grocer
and INSIST o0f 'u~wiit.
THE BEST SOAP MADE ,
fOR ALL HOUSEHOLD PURPO
AAL ONLY BY -
_:v7
"Tnzaa's one thing I didn't like abqui!k
circus" "said randma, "and that. aWx _
man that twisted himself all out of aa -~
I neverdid admire these eztortionisW."-a.
lanta Constitution.
TanRE is no more effectual raemde fde.
Coughs Colds, etc. than Bnowes mO.
caiz. a ocras. Sold on ly i bozes. . '
Roo-s are always found out in en-.s
way. Whoever is a wolf will act as a wielt;, _
that is the mostcertainofthings.e-FontSl".
LiaEr Oil Upon Troubled Waters is-asi.: "-
Honey of Horehound and Tar upon aclcp i -
Pike's ToothacheDrops Cure in one emaie.
A coWAED is a man who fearts to be lim
one.-Ram's Horn.
Ba swU to read advertisement f. ?ll*.
Seed 0., as old reliable frm .
TooNAxrcooks spoilthe wayfaring poliee
man.-Puck.
IEL IABLFLE
-SEED
INSURE SUCCESS
A COMPLETE CATALOOUB
of all sae.,,d Taludig sad tShe m s n" 0 i
mlled rse to all interested In Flowe,. U
ar i s. Ton will seob be dlsappolotsd It t
test of 4ySear. PLANT SIr D OO
s1y oBatlh 5a Street. .- ii.t ar e." .
Nsws  ruLovrorunn ...... - - "
W I. A A
W Nine FarnIgIA
LAN D .m
For Sale. s " "sm u .
Qeesumptlves and people
who have weak langs or Ast
ma. bshould use Pso'a Care for
Consumption. It hasa seed,
tesasands. it bee sot la~s?
edone. JtIs not bed intake.
itt Ithe best Cough syrup.
Sold .verywhere. 3..
A. N. K., F. g g
wax warr mae * n.,jwamcias
0s14tehe wee saw the Adewellrsm5a5 . 5A
ltaaes