'it
and
I .hi
we t., -
audlhaalt fully w
Ou: 3Tui.Aate ; y .
thevo any '4DRowua ran m
o Maw. ibem Au*.ya Hdy
Gl
with an Lis might, butl~
: 'w oias Silting..~
F''s Cae for Consumpton both a
` andý-ppacttioe.-r. (i. W Pas- e
K~ick.; Nov. b, l .- c
-. o rheumamaism can be cureda
Ls cus~e. lactic acid in the do
Bazmmrila -cites wheuma- WI
acid. ;Get only to
_ vo
~tu a ariiia ha:
P uen al liver ills. Iao nl
*thi
aol
ate
;?1cer m
enSy : sl yul o at n o tu.eca e, reliab le,stremg : r 7 xeGf°
1*0*ok and A) ye./imt fo
? rwroWoý tsa ?etb e·s o ý ý -gel th
i ~ cold c:
ore
de
the
Ume ve. Cook pi
` . callloliaC m
57twiea poormm ooe eiaI
i - ýfA T R A , ehi
a p e t o d o 4 k d lW k e ck
/1 ,so
pro
ChARTER. OA, p
up.. is jo ma:
'ellc
"SAY BOSSI Them People
Won't Take This
ap-They Want
CLAIRETIE
SOAP"
Everybody wants Clairette
Soap who knows the good
ness of it. Try it once and
you will refuse all other
kinds, too. Sold everywhere.
MIade only by
HE H. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY,
9 . . LoUg.*
G CROC RIES.
LINIMEN the OLD reliable,
TESTED REMEDY
Smatism Headache, Toothache,
... mom se nm and PAINS generally.
eo =.vsw." have touand 3WTUChA LUEIm i
l or babies and UL It a who are thinOT."
AT- ... ... -.___ ., , L
mnam ad-womeI n who are weak, when they *Q
i be 1ft babies and children who are thin,
' e fat; for all who do not-get from
eat they should. Poor blood is ta
.. :d are 2ourished. Consumn.p
L . .e when the blood- gets ts
is better for starved blood
i~ l I a d l j U * * i nt
hd'gie . as i IWij Pudd t~e.
-''Do o think," bhe as,
couldn't bsy. Did you buy It Dsh .
t meto h?-Wimashlngeltos Str. o
eida -Thesoa-iaeaw(gratefoley)-oIdso
13 know what-I :sho*l a done itf e
I hadn't'giver us all this furnit-ure. i
.. Father'in-law-That's o4a my boy
.y without it my dau'ghtr couldn't hay
I given you mu ph of a hoe-. I . Hea
-Father--You may as well give ui
othinking about that young man, Dash
lug. He does not love you. a~ihter
a - How do you know, papa? Father
!- hmet him at the club just now, And hi
refused to lend me -a •Sver.-Boarto
-"Never marry a girl with the- Ide
you are going 'to reform he1, my boy,.
Ssaid Uncle -,Allen Sparks. 'If she
r chews guem and giggles when she-- is a
young woman, she will giggle ai n
chew Rum. when she is trarried."
Chicago Tribue.
--Sg ags-bo yoti know, oBiltins, i
think I am a gifted orator. Bilkins-
What makes you think so? "i've
a spoken twie, -now, and when I iat
down on both occasions the audieones
were mucho pleased and applauded
loudly. "-Adam Freeman.
-"And that young man," said the
Slady from out of the city; "he. has a
very intellectual look. Has he not dis
Stingished himself in literature?"
'Well, said the host thoughtfully, "he
has never written a book on the cu-r
rency question. "-WVashington Star.
-Landlady-if you don't pay by to
night you must leae. I can't stand
- this nay longer. Student-Calm your
self; I will write to a friend im=unedi
ately. Landlady-Will he lend you
money? Student-Oh, no-but I think
he has a vacant room.-Buch for Ale.
-Anxious for Critieizm.-Scribbler
-I always make it a point to submit
my poems to friends, for suggestions
and criticisms, before publication, and
I have brought some pages for you to
look over. BIibbler-tfm--yes, of
course; but why not take it to Nibbler?
Scribbler-Huh! He's a born idiot!
The last time I showed him a poem he
found fault with it. -N. Y. Weekly.
--How He Came Across.-Two men
met on Main street yesterday, when
the following conversation ensued:
"Well, Jim, where have ye been lately?
Shure, I haven't seen ye in some time."
"'Oh, begorra, I've been down to Block
Island for a week, and I may, Tom, did
ye ever see the ocean? Oh, it's fine!"
"Did I ever see the ocean?. How in the
thunder do ye suppose I came aeross
from Ireland? Do you think I took a
trolley car?"-Hartford Post.
A Mutual CurlesIty.
The Washington housewife was on'
dergoing that severe ordeal-the em
ployment of a new servant. She had
called in her husband to assist her in
selecting somebody whose face would
promise a cessation of mysterious dis.
appearances from the pantry and un
explained entries in the grocery book.
"The first thing I want to know,''
said the prospective assistant, "is how
many's in your fam'ly?"
"That's the first thing we want to
know, too," replied the husband
"'low manV's in your family?"
g .
. tf to pd . n i n ths hut
7 -. - r.ith 1! _Tow sa pfe. Ptihes
S.c-l int d i o eiii, actse the upper
t adny f to 4 and sns aeta th r ends
"t hlaftor a pioe ofit haw4d. ood e and fasten
C .
ter-I It to c and _ as Indicatea in the illustra
d he ion. Attach one end of the two ropes
boton x and y to b. and run thena thrdugh the o
pulleys attached to -the crosspiece e f.
Sidea Fasten these ropes to the hind leg of
boy, the animal to be lit. Ifone rope and
r she a to c and a preferand ated in t lutra-h
isto anmiddle of h and run througem thrgh a pulley at
carplleyss. attached tox thebottom spie up
oy, th may be l toed i ten a and b rop and
t-- is y tmiddle if and run through a pnlley at
ldo"- apiratus toe male can lif the heavies
tin- platforn.--i. 0. BSokmess, in American o
"I've Agriculturist. o
I out
onces GOOD sTHING TO HAVE. a
r lded C
There Ahre uay aleses Whar a car ca
I thoe 4 she on ls ery 1rst. a
as a T e as very fw farms in this it
n anda , to .'orf theste vehiclea It a toey ti
"he ha to have tant antnu twie-i ft
' ein a oyear. Ther is mine sort Of ata
. Prntf no anst teart, that bas no
sy to- go foundation. A cart with cart
stand I'arn elfa ia a s ay horse wll often C
rour- take th- p of teitm and wagon, and
a edi- at any mtImwof the year when a small
you toad is to be hauled otie horse can do St
hink the work, if a cart is at hand, insteadof ji
AUle. going to thi trouble of hitching up two a
bbler horses. o
ibmit For hauling seed to the field, or ma- fe
tions nure, where a little is needtOe or for any et
, and other light waik, o cart is better than ii
on to a double team. For hauling in msuch ti
of crops as potatoes, for haulng feed to at
blert and fro for the.sstoek, and for many TI
idiotl other purposes, a cart may be used tr
m he to save using a double team and a two- b.
r. horse wagon. This makes it a matter th
men of economy, and there is hardly a farm P
when in the country where a cart would not in
sued: pay for Itself many times over. TI
*mom? A cart that has the bed so arranged in
m that the load can be dumped is the tli
flock handiest form to have it inade in, as pi
did the load can be dropped, whether it be p
he!" potatoes or cordwood or coal, by simply of
Sthe tipping it out. If the cart be made with co
:ross wide tires, it can be taken over places we
with a good load on it where an ordi- pr
nary wagon could hardly be hauled by sni
two horses. 1D
on. The writer knows from experience t
emt- how much labor and wear and tear of in
had team and wagon is saved by having a in
r in cart to hitch to when light loads are to thi
ould be hauled, and knows that they are ma
di, economical in time, tools and labor.- ani
un t Farm and Fireside. o t
ook.
rue
GENERAL FARM NOTES. ca
It is wasteful to feed whole wheat to art
t toI swine.
nd. Bran is an excellent feed for cows and the
horses. of
Give the cow a bran mash directly pfo
I after calving. the
The English potato crop is large and ity
of exceptional quality. ket
The feeding. valhe of potatoes is esti- act
mated at one-fourth that of grain. iou
Marsh hay is the very best material gro
for the winter mulch for strawberries, the
The tomato pack has been much light
er than last year, but of better quality.
It would seem as if inoculation were The
the only safe reliance against hog chol
era. Al
Boiled turnips mashed and mixed don
with grain form an excellent poultry tha
food. yon
The Australian wheat grower is tn- tile
derselling the South African farmer in cesI
hll own market. Solt
Finishing with corn alone gives soft But
pork, which is reckoned abroad as awit]
fourth-class article.
Sugar beet pulp fed in connection
with alfalfa and wild hsay are said to
produce a high-quality beief
Danish pork sells for d14.1 in the
Londot market, while American only
brings $oats for 113 pounds,-N, Y
Utehliasa's Pepperamlst Crop.
Three-fifths of the oil of peppermnint
-l consuned in the wvorld is produced in "O
eight counties of MIchigan. The oil of oi
product ofi that state this year will ma
amount to 150,000 pounds, and between as
12,000 and 15,000 acrea are devoted to
the cultivation of peppermint. Frost biac
and drought have Injured the older
plantations this year although the into
plants set thras spring have eaeaped in- fha
jury. The peppernint is cut when in dei
blomon like sy. and when dried is
placed in wooden rats and steamed on- the
til the cells but and the oil passes up- f
ward with the steam, which is eon- inch
densed andconducted into a reservoir nods
when the oil rIe and Is skimmed of.
It requires 350 pounds 6f dried pepper- and
mint to produce 1 pound of oil. An oyl
aore of land will yield from 6 to 10
k pounds, and in exceptional cases even At
1 sq great a quantity as 50 pound., This exhis
year the prie has ranged frnm $1.60 to faire
$1.ro po-nd.O-d".-Garden and "oret."-ee
Pollo'i -the _ ame methods . e .ar ,
te i5hsebeIa i r s Insde o ur of a
lag the witw use veral kinds Otteed of a
snd Iste the ceddition at g the salA fully
-tL etriscatzsanlat h feed n grai mt
A gzeej M i erticlas.t lood do whetd
on cut corn tfdddr, aliow$ ·ia..lj.c nuthmb
thon therewith a small propoation of
brant If iOet IA as iewe huda. amed nop good
~· ··· -:':.: o~i
child grows olden. '
e Thear are fewfarms thal'oudd not
m asilr spare itt and dew children -to-j
PPsr whom it would'lot be a benefit.
Books anad ihngazines and games are
ald good. but they are for the mind and for
sten the leisure houis, and while they may
keep the children at home, they can
scareely foster a taste for farminig
without something to supplement
them,.
A child early learns the meaning oat
poseessiot, and sa few square rods of his
owh will- le oiibre to him thea thebtroad
acreis of hik fatherf Many a boy has I
grown to manhood on the farin. find f
left it t the -earliest possible moment g
after he came of age because he had
been made a mere machine-a laborer
withcbut a laborer's wages.
If the -child could be oftener treated- a
tr as a sentient; responsible being, there J
"pe would be fewer disappointments.. Let
the his inanliness be brought out instead a
e f. of suppressed. Let the father talk to t
's of the boy, and the boy to the father as i
and man to itani; if the boy is to be a firtner
the let him begin his calling early and
y atgrow up with it. Furnish him with a I
this small piece of land and let him culti- a
lest rate it with no other restraint or advice t
Sup than he may seek himself.
r a Trust him to discover the best meth- "
can ods and the best market. The profits |
mnay be insignificant, but they are his, i
and they mean as much to him as do the
earnings of the largest farm in the
rasa country to its owner. -And, more than
all, he is obtaining a practical interest I
this in farming; and year by year it will I
tad, ktrengthen and broaden, and by the
et tithe he is Of age he will not only be a 5
net f*irinek physically; bhit in heart and
s bialn also.-Household.
no
Sr OUR CORN THE BEST.
ten Cotalns arMoe Proteln and 'ats Than
mnd That Grown is Europe. w
lall An analysis of maize from the Black a
do sea and the Danube was recently made
lot in the chemical division of the depart
w ,o aent of agriculture with a view to de- m
termining its comparative value as a pi
na- feeding stuff with that grown in this m
n uy couhtij. Of late yearr~ these countries
tin l:.ve been shipping corn in large quaern
ich titles to Germany and Great Britain
to and other countries of northern Europe.
ny The advantage enjoyed by these coun
led tries in competition for this trade is
vo- believed in this country to be offset by
ter the superior quality of the American
rm product, and this impression is strik
iot ingly confirmed by the recent analysis.
The samples were found to correspond
red in composition to poor eorn grown inm
ha the Uhited Stitthih beinfg from 13 to if
as per cent. lower in protein and fully 33
be per cent. lower in fat than the averages
ily of over 200 samples of American-grown
lth corn. While an average for corn the
.es world over shows but 9.45 per cent. of
di- protein, and this average is higher than
by samples from the Black sea and the
Danube, the American average is 10.5.
ce So with fat, the general average be
of ing 4.29. The average for corn grown to
a li southwestern Europe Is 4.13, While ri
to the average for Atneticata is 8.4, and te:
re many samples of the latter showed 5.5 lei
- and 6 per cent. The American aver- ad
age as given, moreover, includes nu- th
muerous saminples of inft'ib corn, and
catnnot be said to fairly represent the laI
average of corn exported. re
It is pointed out by the department '
that while these facts speak eloquently a
of the higher quality of the American be
product, they also testify with equal aEt
Y force to the importance of maintaining dim
the high standard of the feeding qual- an,
ad ity of American corn in foreign mar- It
kets, as that is undoubtedly the char- me
1- acteristic upo t which mnain reliance pre
must be placed to enable the American te;
il growers to compete successfully with enl
s. the cheap labor of southern Europe. eve
GOOD DRAINAGE TOOLS. gi
rUfa
"e They Can Be Made at Some by Any Ia
i. temlgent Farmer.
Much more tile draining could be a
done if the farmer was only convinced ace
that it is not a very difficult job md be
yond his ability. We have laid all our .
tile for years and have been very suc
cessful. Good tools are, of course, ab
solutely necessary, but not expensive.
Buy a good 18-inch spade. I prefer one
with square corners. The remainder
IOMYEMADE TILE DITCHINGO IPLEMENTS.
of our tools are homemade. A sod cut
ter shown at a is desirable. Ours was
made fromn an old pointed shovel, as
was also the scoop b, for cleaning the
bottom of the ditch. Iy the aid of a
blacksmith these were easily converted
into very useful implements. To make
the cutter, heat and hammer the shovel
fiat, then with a cold chisel cut out the
desired shape. Sharpen the edge, in-r
sort the handle and it is complete. For
the cleaner, turn up the edges and cut of an
off the corners, making it about five the i
inches wide. Rivet two quarter-inch se
rods to the sides. Weld the ~puter ends
and drive them into the Jandle.--W. L.
Noyle, in Farm and Home.
Goo stook Osly Is ProlSale.
A thoughtful walk through the sheep
exhibit at one of the largest stock
fairs cannot fail to show to many a
sheep breeder that there is something
wrong with his flock management.
The ideal sheep can only be obtained s
by eonatant improvement. Iy the use more
of a good thoroughbred ram on care
fully selected ewes, a gradual improve
menat must be made, while careleassess
In these matters must result in a grad
nal deterioration. When making sales,
whether for breeding or block pua
poase, the best ewes should aever leave
the farm. It is better to hke a less
number of uheep.of a quality that, with
good feed and. eare, will return a fair
profit, than a large number of scrubby
snondescripts, whieh never yield a pay
ing divideand.--Prairle Farmer.
Cor., haeeit or baley prel proper
4**@eoq f·lipctipluj g -
T 1hat thi s-delightuly odriginal and ia'
terestingsmagsaze, a whieh I. published
by the Shortatory Publishing Co., Bos
on, Mass., will hiave the largest sale
r ever reached a by any publicatign. Its
a cleverly told stories of mystery, ezcit
i ing deteetive tales, and thrilling stories
n of adventure render -Trs BLAcs CAT a
; delightful new departure in stor tell
* "lee, gumor b i"-Life.
l "o , dn mightyrod  eonlie," said talere
_ann"b an lote3 tme " gae ibab dye
d omplish more by locatin'
* hbh iat eisda' bo so tcmp
r In oterople C .r.-fte- "What n Wnsould
ou think deau if I should ay yaou were a
op ofr a etholusand strings? sh-"'e
I should think, love, that you wern e " lyre."
a Town and country Journal.
t "Sen white e folks seems ter 'maae ne"
foh 'em tsrshow it by dar actions."--Wash
ington Star. -
S"Wral you refuse me y0--myour in
timate friend, whom you enees c1 your
Smseed e ! "Alt, rmy deer boy, knIow
i emID -loeý_ro Wone:d neFer return
)uosr-"'m ino asn awful fix." thel-.
- "What is it, dearSr Madge-"Jeck insists
that I shall return his engagementring, and
for the life of meIcat tell which ne it
Ss."-Brooklyn Life.
CoxssLr.-"Well, after the witness gave
you a blow what happened '" Priso·er
ie gaveo me a third one." Counisel-"You
mesn a second onet " Prisouer-L-To, sir, I
landed him the second one."-Fun.
,1Vms-"il know as well as anybody that
she 1o no beauty or money or accomplish
rents or amything, nbut I love her and-"
Fr --"And in any case she will still e
ydt& better half."-~Fllegndo Blaetter.
- 0ar o rr Enauit.-S he-"I wouldn't
S oout sleighing with man I couldb't
ut. Hoe-"I am afraid you wouldn't go
with me." tSheh-"Wlyto tOtp" lie-"l am
a man that oven a it'-table keeper
wouldn't teaot."t-Puck.
D eavszITB (roading letter)-"'But, pa,
dear, in tho last worn you put a letter too
much.e" Pa (self-made, and not a bit of
pride about him)-"'Ave I, dear? Never -
mind; I duae say I've loft one out in some
ether word, so that'i square it."-Tlt-Bits.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when a'
righotlf Thes h m anyl wh6 live bet
ter thOi othes a nd e joy life more, with
lem expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best prodtets to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid an
laxative principles. embraced n the e
remedy, Syrup bof igL;
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refresbing and truly
beneficial, properties of a perfect lax
ative ; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
ne's, Liver and Bowels without weak
eninmg themt and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50 and 1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered
SDEMOREUST'S FAMILY MA(AZINE.
F IRST and foremost it must be kept in mind that DEMOREST'S- is the only complete Family Maga
ine published. It is afftirmed that DEMOREST'S combines all of the most excelent points of its
contemporaries, and has inimitable features of its own.
-s MDEMORESTS IS ACTUALLY A DOZEN MAGAZINES IN ONE. -
It is a Review for the studious man or woman; a Digest of Current Eveats and Ideas for the
busy man or woman.; a storehouse of interest for all. Wives, mothers, sisters, daughters, matrons
and maidens can find exactly what they need to amuse and Instruct them, also p;actical helps In every de.
partment of dometc and social life.
DEMORESrt S for $ds will chronicle every Import Event of Daily Lfe, and Everythlig
New in Art, Science, lechlanics, Politics, Adventure, Exploration and Discovery, always with
profuse illustrations. It will contain a wealth of superbly illustrated apers on general topics, ap
plying to all classes and conditions, Instructive and delightful to everybody; and, In addition, It will
publish the boat and purest fiction from the pens of acknowledged giuses of the world. It treats at
length Out-f-Door Sports, Homen Amusements and Entertimets; it gives a reat deal of at
tention to the Childrean's Departmheat, and a Our Ols," and has a flonthiySymposium by. Cele
brated People, In which are discussed important questions of the hour of Interest to the older readers.
.... DEMORET- ' T VIAGAZINE- has .........
THE BEST AND MOST PRACTICAL FASHION EPART
of any magazine published. Through DEFIOREST'S you can obtain all the Cut Paper
the members of a household can possibly reauire; for each number contains a Pattern Orer ood for one pattern 4 ejns
be sent for postage, or from to ;o additional tterns may be obtained on it by sending 4 cent) for each extra pattern. -
Pattearn Department alone, at the lowest estmate, Is worth from $a to yn a y er to every subscriber.
Experence has taught us that we can afford to lose money on yr subscription the first year, because the
Schances are nine toonethat you will lw a remain a subscriber.
We will send you emorest's Fmly Magaa , postpaid. for the twelve months of imSg, and, In
addition, the November and December (Christmas Number) issues for 895, if you fill out thecoupon be
low without delay, and forward it, together with Sa.oo, to the address below. This s equivalent to gIv
Ing you fourteen months' for a years subscption.. ThI s liberal offer is made for the first time, and,
to avoid misunderstanding, you will please use the coupon below.
Ain U etera *f ale no trrea wateurcoor "" OhtrvaenIIm w" 2ur (eise lzua tnhees) isgiven i seersub.
seeiber with the A·oaw issue of Dafoauw ssnsHora This tsue 1s also srgu and is bound in a beauruly printed aoloredoover
isrrations snd -matter pertstido t0 e me Holidays. The Chrysanthemum piate scone In this one number is w.gja
mass than tie trie of s years sbaptn on do not rail to get its The oriaginl painting is valued at 81.000. sad the publishe s tee fat
massd be Saaot i tdrm the oargisc... They will refund the mone Is the subeariber i nds'thst ts ei s¶ot s5 o, afat li O is
OUT MEnR. AID RETURN QOUPON PROPERLY FILLED OUT;
DEMOREST PUBLISHING CO., Ito Fifth Avenue, New York.
i s em :-Fobi thes eanlosed $*o* please *ae*d D *onw'. F Y.. M.a...s.. to the addrss below h
one year,ýtra Janumay to December, iSU,. both toielusive, and the November and Dieember nqibere for w355.
.Aso W.Uer-.oim C ux.t a " pi-De turerr, a nd the other works of art thatar to 2 `~
t.... . ,.... ... ......,,.... ... ...... .. ...- ....
- .. ................... - . ......, ....e-................ .................................... .. ..
+ . . ................. .. . o . . ,
at"····r··- · ~ ~ ~ I III I I mll I II· •I~·~r;;im·~~··rr···r •...,, •~~~~~~ Ii-----········~Ciiii 
ATTL A
PLUG
Tis la r -_piee ea F
everl sod for i0 cer -
C orn
is a vigorous feeder and re
sponds well to liberal fertiliza
tion. On corn lands the yield
increases and the soil improves
if properly treated with fer
tilizcrs containing not under
7% actual
Potash.
A trial of this plan costs but
little and is sure to lead to
profitable culture.
Our paimphlets are not advertising dlrean bnoo
gf ial- s fcrila blut re practical w Porks, cotain
lng latest researcham on the subject of fertilizatdon, and
are really helpful to farmera. They are ent free fo|
S GERMAN KALI WORKS,
93 Nasuau St., New YeTk.
GAYOSO HOTEL mEmPHIS
Wa10e RYeeOts EDUTCJZ To O -(, F'DAI.
Timely Warning.
The great success of the chocolate preparations of
the house of Walter Baker & Co. (established
in 1780) has led to the placing on the market
many misleading and unscrupulous imitations
of their name, labels, and wrappers. Walter
Baker & Co. are the oldest and largest manu
facturers of. pure and. high-grade Cocoas and
Chocolates on this continent. No chemicals are
used in their manufactures.
Consumers should ask for, and be sure that
they get, the genuine Walter Baker & Co.'s goods.
WALTER BAKER & CO., Limited,
DORCHESTER. MASS.
bolumel. a" Iu u rd
aSloor~ . laa Iesmm
of amee -o
1m ms as 18 .. urn m a-"Na
3.rw.U -S~crr RLues1T~ I
BOILESSwWti
S10~~Tnan Shsi'&Co
AIlFLIC1*10A aII Shell OaltP
Uo."'we 5.5 a. uýxsilri. aI I[LSU"
OPIUM aLI!.'J -rrLSZ
WE*UU 1513 N*Ainemu..sinr
A~i. N. .P. 1884
Warns WRItTRx@O A3£VKSTISSSS P1.3583
aisl LIB M Mrssw SAb £d..bwealkmeb ba Er
Mr~PP~nº I~·l