SGA4LY_
*,. '" LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, DECEMBER 9, 1893. NUMBER 40.
CHIL. A n I .. -
.R~ a ++ .,  a it ,  , m  - ,P , . +. . . . . .. , -. -+ g = -" --- =  . .. . . . . . . . . . .. . . . . . ,- ... . . . . .. . . . . i . . . .
:Tl CHDILO A STORY.
ishe ruddy light
heimume were in their glory
sme o sa good-night.
f.-u-ste- "o'ne little story·.7
u St hewsugri likSe her
AagW somewapre or other,
t$'sj'""lj `';`. tit her Wolsad made a stir.
` * `y %dbeggd $story from her mother,
O WhWied'Md istals, also Crosese
he little story-begtgin whianwy
- Wthnewaof how another glossed
, r Iruksome golaosy. d .
._tll backward g
l bac"kward ,was the tale referrod
.- . weaW her.. but when I aded.
Aiaf I'had nobt-atala word,
With loo.t halfopleadis. half-otended.
She clasped y naeck-her childish trust
ted niade the hardest heer. compliant
"A little one," she.said, . '"pteao-]u
. Ab t a.fairy and a giant."
y I iseed ohe rlosee ssdhff I went:
- a' " It-Sta-me." low, slow and steady,
.She heaves* a sab of sweet content;
fyr darltng was asleep already.
-Good Words.
A STRANGE WILL
It Brougitht Fortune nod Happiness
to Two Lovers.
. Yeea sho was dead at last-Margaret
Dempreats of Stony Lodge -and the
shoel'of hadr demtise had shaken Belle
rue from center to circumference. For
years her numerous relatives, each
with an eye to the estate, had watched
her movements from a respectful dis
.tAnce. which she herself had interposed
between them, and their hearts had
grown sick with hope deferred.
HIeart.discnsc, the doctors said, when
she was found one morning with a
smile.of peace frozen on her stern and
withered features. The relatives ac
cepted tIle verdict with due reslg'na
lion. following the remains of the "'dear
departed" to their final resting place
amid an ostentatious display of crape.
But when the will was read the excite
ment of the heirs-at-law rapidly
ascended to fever heat, Always eccen
trie in life, Miss D)emorest had retained
that eccentricity to the end and woven
it into her last will and testament.
With the exception of a few bequests
to her servants, the whole of. her prop
erty. landed and personal, to wit:
Stony Lodge, her present residence,
with its beautiful park, which was a
very Eden of joveliness: Rose Villa, her
winter resort on Lake Helen, Fla.. to
gether wvfti a splendid house in town
and money to the amount of five hun
dred thousand dollars, was to pass into
the sole possession of that one among
her kinsfolk who should discover the
hiding place of the twelve Demorest
rubies.
Should the gems remain undiscov
ered after the lapse of one year from
the date of death the estate was to be
sold and a home for old maids founded
with the proceeds.
"The old cat!" muttered fashionable
Mrs. Meredith, viciously. "She hid
those rubies herself, the spiteful
thing!"
"It is too provoking!" pouted her
pretty daughter Maude.
"I shall contest the will," said thin
lipped Reuben Gray. "It cannot
stand."
Mrs. Meredith was Miss Demorest's
niece and Reuben Gray her neph*'.
The two were brother and sister and
the nearest akin to. the dead woman.
Next came Margie'Vane, child of a
favorite nephew, who was to have been
the heir had he noltdispleased his aunt I
by marrying against her will a girl of
obscure parentage-"a pauper," Miss 1
Demorest called her.
Harold Vane, had died some years
back, closely followed by his wife, and
the one daughter, Margargaret, was left
alone in the world and utterly penni
less.
Mrs. Meredith had taken her-for the
old aunt had remained obdurate-and
she was now serving in the capacity of
maid to her beautiful cousin Maude.
Margie Vane was not present at the
reading of the wilL Mrs. Meredith con
sidered it unnecessary, and Margie her
self had not the faintest hope of being v
remembered kindly by her father's
stern old relative. When, therefore,
they returned in anger and disappoint
ment and gave an account of the word
ing of the will Margie's hazel eyes
opened wide with wonder. t
That afternoon and many ensuing tJ
afternoons Mrs. Meredith, Maude and v
Margie walked over to Stony Lodge and o
wandered fruitlessly about amid the h
treasuresof bric-a-brac, statuary, books c:
and rare old china.
On one of these occasions Margie met b
Will Demorest, a rousin several times h
removed, -of her father. lie was a tl
frank, handsome young fellow, with
dark blue eyes and close, curling, fair
hair. His was the gunnine lDemorest c.
face, the index of a strong, noble char- p.
acter i
IfBy occupation he was an artist in
glass-blowing, having learned the art
in Venice. lie had- done considerable bi
work for Miss Demorcst, with whom he am
was a prime favorite. th
"Cho:you'thoaght you would have a
look for the ruobies with the rest of us," s
said Mrs. Mertedlth with a sneer, as hi
she botjpd thdidang glassblower exam
inifng he books inh the library one
moriting. "Yet! thought you abhorred
mercenary considerations." as
S"J am not in quest of the gems," IVill
dplledt, as his eyds rested in unmistak- ti
able admiration on largic's fair, sweet
H"fatphi I hope you don't take me it
o.r abelool Will Demorest,"
tb.&setDs re]oeinder.
..-iFaniIer, 1 assure yon," said Will, de
& s. s Qbly at- present I am
napearls than rubies
vwayJ I-show you the tu
'ikns p t more thor
<b l ,and the two
; Mrs. Mere- i
rndt search. In
torfitd the rabies th
in the
the cut rgls fr
gitillnt. co
a,.;hh
4~·
Y. "I should like to we them," Mitlgie
maid, musingly; "but oh, Will, were
they more beautiful than these exquis
Ite caps? Surely that isimpossible."
The cups in question were, indeed,
exquisite. Blown of the costliest Vene
tian glass, lily-shaped, with' curled
leaves for saucers, and glowing with.
rainbow tints, they resembled nothing
so much as a bed of gorgeous tropical
flowers.
Margie's eyes sparkled as she looked
at them.
"How lovely! How dainty! How
fairy-like!" she exclaimed, breathless
ly. "See, Will; this one is exactly like
an opal with a touch of fire, and here
is an amethyst and here a glowing
emerald. Oh. Will, do look! Sce how
that strange glow, as of hidden fiMl.
flashes from each! This one is jacinth,
this beryl, and-Will Demorest, here Is
a ruby! Oh; the beauty! The real
gems cannot be more superb!"
As she spoke she took the ruby cup
into her hand. Will half started for
ward as if to prevent her, but drew
back again with a pale, startled face.
Before he could frame a reply Mrs.
Meredith and Maude appeared upon the
scene.
"Margie," cried the former, "put
et down that cup and come along. I
1 should think you would have more
.. pride than to dawdle here all day talk
r ing with Will Demorest."
:h Margie's soft, hazel eyes filled with
<1 tears as Lawyer iay entered the room,
s. and from under his bushy brows
d glanced sharply at each of the group
" "hunting for rubies, oh?" he said,
sareastically. ".But Miss Margie seemed
to be the only successful one of the
party. This is a rare bit of glass, Miss
id Margle, and was blown by our friend
here," with a motion of his hand to
ward Will.
S Margie's hand tightened on the cup
in her surprise; her rosy forefinger
pressed a raised stamen in the calyx of
the lily bell, when, presto! change! it.
sank beneath her touch, and her
startled eyes gazed straight into a
small cavity where glowed a ruby of
inestimable value, like a drop of rosy
fire.
"Solved!" shouted Lawyer Fay, as
his eyes also beheld the gems
W~ill, very white, shrank back against 1
the wall, while Mrs. Meredith and, her
L daughter pressed closer to 'largic and
the lawyer.
"The rubies!" gasped the avaricious I
woman, making a dive for the other
cup
But her lawyer placcd himself in her t
way.
S"'I beg your pardon," he said. "The
Sdiscovery is Miss Margie's, and, in ac
cordance with the terms of the will of c
my deceased client, she is sole heiress I
to the Demorest estate." I
SMrs. Meredith grew pale with cha- I
grin. Maude burst into tears, and
Reuben Gray, who had heard all from 1
the door, announced his intention of
breaking such an unjust will. I
"You may try it," was all Lawyer
Fay said to the threat. t
Will came slowly forward and con
gratulated Margie on her good fortune. t
"And my congratulations are none t
the less sincere that with them I re- e
sign the sweetest hope of my life," he a
said. t
"Resign a fiddlestick!" muttered the t
old lawyer. "Margie, that boy refused a
to be made Miss Demorest's heir-in- 1
sisted that it would be an injustice to
those nearer of kin. Then she made e
him blow these cups of tinted glass, s
with the central cavity and spring. She p
inserted a ruby in each cup, which, i
combined with the different tint,, gave
them their rich coloring. He watched u
her hide the rubies and he has kept the i:
secret. Does he not merit some re- g
ward?" n
Margie flushed and glanced timidly h
at WilL Then she looked around for a
her aunt and cousin. Both had disap- to
peared. a
"Take her, Will," said the old law- ri
yer. with twinkling eyes, "and bless aI
ye, my children." U.
With a melodramatic gesture he, too, ce
banished, and I think the young people
were not long in coming to an under- ff
standing, for cards are now out for the w
wedding.-Leeds Mercury.
l How He Gsullged It.
A Devonshire farmer went to London a
to see the sights. While walking down. ti
the Strand he saw a card in a tavern
window bearing the inscription: "Dev
onshire cider sold here." The old man's
heart warming towards his native bev
erage, he entered the public house and Sc
called for "a pint o' zideer." The liquor M
being drawn, he placedlitto his lips and be
half-emptied the meastre. putting it on in
the counter with the remark that it was
"very poor stuff."
A cockney standing'by, thinking ihe
could raise a joke at - the farmer's ex- al
pense, said: "I say, mister, do you th
know how that cider'was made?" i
"No,'"said the farmer. t
"Well, I'll tell you. They stuck up am
barrcl of water at one end of a shed, it
and stood back at the other end and
threw apples at it."
"Did they?" said the farmer, slowly
sipping the cider. "Then they didn't
hit that barrel mor'n once."-Tit-Bits.
Stub Ends of Thouvht.
We shape our own fate quite as much
as fate shapes us.
Pretense may not be of l9ng con-th
tinuance but it goes while it lasts. M
A woman may be no more vain than th
a man is, but she will do more for va- fi,
:tyv's sake than a man wilL p
Prudence is the muzzle for zeaL in
Avarice is so close that he who has it sp
denies its possession. w
A woman who can love once can 'love to
twice. nv
As soon as two people begin to thlink m
alike they disagree. ' co
Theologians give finite interpreta- pr
taons to infinite truths and condemn i
infinite souls for refusing to accept m
them. mi
True religion takes care of tde bodly
Conservatism is a mild form of
cowdi;t, --Detroit Free Peses.
..,.s
Wle AN OLD EASTERN INN.
rere
ala- be W.lte seart Has an Antemtlse eeened
of a lundired ears.
I Houses with an authentic record of
1e6 over a century are no longer common
*Ied in Philadelphia, and these are being
rth sacrificed to convenience or expediency,
lug without the least sentiment of rever
leal ence for the past. One of the oldest
taverns extant, the "White Bear." on
Iced the southwest corner of Fifth and Race
streets, is now being renovated. Its
:ow most distinctive feature, the marble
ase- portico over the Fifth street entrance,
ike has been removed, as it was believed to
ere be unsafe.
ing There can be no doubt about the
ow antiquity of the house. On the east
[t, front is a spout box under the eaves,
,t, which is of copper, and thereon in
a la raised letters, as firm and sharp as if '
cal made yesterday are the letters, "'l.
Ml," and below is the head of Wash
ington in relief, and on either side the
, numbers 1780.
ew There were no directories of Phila
delphia previous to White & Mac
ra Pherson's, in 1785, and none from that
the until 1791. none in 1792, 1812-15-26-27 or
'84. Up to 1880 Henry Meyers is given
,at as the proprietor of the tavern Fifth .
I and Race streets, and he was undoubt- i
we edly the builder in 1786, but so far, as
Ik- the writer can learn, it was not the
"White Bear" previous to 1840.
ith In old times there were extensive I
m, stables attached to the present house, t
vs extending south to Cresson street and i
west to Hoffman's, now Clyde alley.
Id, Henry Meyers, the landlord, was a s
ed democrat, and this was one of the fa- t
he vorite meeting places of the party in s
iss the city ward, and it was also head
ad quarters of the shoemaking craft, who I
o- were united in those days for social
and convivial purposes. Meyers was b
ap for a long time president of the influ- i
er ential order, "The Friendly Society of b
of St. Tammany." li
it The antiquity of any of our old inns t)
er is attested, in popular belief, by two a
a circumstances. Either Gen. Washing- a
of ton had slept in them just before the
sy battle of Trenton or a treasure was i
dug up in the yard, with the accom- j b
as paniment of slow music and a ghost v
always in white. No such stories em- is
st bellish the record of the !'Bear," but it I
ar has its legend nevertheless. " m'
id The late Isaac 'iravilla, who died in tl
1852, told the writer in all sincerity, h
2s that he was present at a meeting of the u
"r "Friendly Society," at Meyers, in 1826. a
The members were seated around the I it
Pr table, when suddenly the lights went ti
out, each man was seized by the neck
le and a glutinous hand passed over his to
c- face. So quick was this done to each se
)f one that none had a chance to resent as
a it. Then the lights were lit again, and fa
low, in the center of the table stood a is
,- huge roll of tripe, tied up with twine, I
d as was the old custom for the eating- it
n house bars. The members swabbed ito
)f out their eyes, and in high indignation sh
arose, while the president seized the o1
1r beastly comestible and hurled it, out ri,
the window. af
1- After much wiping and swearing
they were again seated. In an instant
e the previous performance was repeat
- ed. Hastily the candles were again lit. u,
e and-"Great Caesar"-in the middle of
the table was the diabolical roll of
e tripe. The president was a man of re- to
d serve and he at once secured the demon a
i- by sitting on it. th
o The late Edward D. Ingraham, an dl
e eminent local historian, had told the
1, sequel. A committee was at once ap- in
e pointed and the following resolutions in
i, adopted: ha
e Resolved, That the attempt of the to,
d whigs and aristocrats, with their Brit- wi
o ish allies, the foes of liberty, to de
grade the character of American free- mi
men by wiping their noses with tripe m:
y has failed and sustained by the spirit mt
r of '70 we solemnly pledge ourselves go
to, etc., etc." Ingraham, although wi
a bitter democrat, was much given to w<
ridicule the enthusiasm of his associ- ral
a ates and was accustomed to exhibit a as]
big roll of wash leather at the dessi
cated remains of the tripe in question. Ra
The shoemakers met here at least c6i
four times a year and as many of them the
were Irishmen there was lots of fun. "1
A barrel of Jamaica punch was made
and, according to one authority, so ha,
strong that it had to be stirred up with fa:
a crowbar, as it bent all the spoons in as
the house. When the fun became fast boi
[ and furious-it was their custom to take Cel
members who had not paid their dues sib
or were unpopular and duck them head- bu
foremost in the punch barrel. Gotlieb
Scherer, who lived on Sixth, above bre
Market, and was a noted maker of top wve
boots, generally presided at these meet- he,
ings. Ile was famous for his appetite tin
and admitted that he was always fy
hungry.
On one occasion he had invited sever
al friends to eat roast pig with him at old
the "Bear." lie was present and wait- Hil
ing when a violent storm came on and. pla
the guests were delayed. Ten-fifteen Chi
minutes passed and Sherer could stand visi
it no longer, so he ordered up the din- of 1
ner. it
"Where's the company?" asked the cat
waiter. km
"I am der gompanee," said the hun- a
gry shoemaker as he threw himself on in
the pig, and by the time the guests sur
came nothing was left to eat. catl
After the death of Henry Meyers the feel
place began to decline, as it was out of Thi
the way ofbusiness, and in 1860 came oal
ito the management of Madam Bug
thal. She was a German woman of -
fine presence and variously accom- wer
plished. She was of a good family be
in Germany, but better fitted to dot
spend money than make it. Her table you
was excellent, and attracted much ens- plet
tom; Vhen the centennial year ar- ble
rived "madam" sent circulars to Ger- doit
many introducing the hotel among her Baz
connections there. The result was not
propitious. They came in battalions -
with big appetites and very little "W1
money, and for months the place was cloa
Infested with "Fursts." "Herzogs" and was
"R·itterbaus." The madam was at first thi
immensely flattered, and by the end of ing
the year mruined. She subsequentlydied
poor. Many will remember her as, n-
seatmd iunder the-portico, a huge New. the
4oisadnd-iego.either -, she gave enoi
La ~·ln.ijtS ogadeh;pdhla~~ cup
A PARENTAL DIFFICULTY.
iet new to melt lthe ludividaallty of the
ChlldUih -embees of the Household.
d of The home-circle is a unit of love and
mon harmony, composed of varying dis
eing positions. No two faces are exactly
nSe3 alike. No two spirits perfectly resem
aver- ble each other. The parents have
dest doubtless felt this difficulty many
on times: "How can we best adapt our
lace , training and government to agree with
Its and develop our children's diversified
rble natures?'t
nee, The problem, as stated above, is not
d to easy of solution. Some children need
very little correction, but any amount
the of stimulus. Others overfloty with
east abounding vigor, but the vigor some
ves, times takes wrong directions and mars
a in their prospects. The grand-father's
_ it temper will assert itself in John, need
"I- ing strong restraint; while Mary, lov
ash- ing and patient, is too easy-going and
the must be urged forward. The more
gifted and original the family is, the
ila- more probable is it that these marked
ac- contrasts will be found. One child's
hat mental and moral food will prove an
or other's poison. And wise, loving care
onC of our little ones and growing boys
ifth and girls is much exercised as to how
abt- it must best adapt itself to changing 1
as needs .
the The easiest way to do this is to make
a study of every member of :your fami- I
,ive ly circle. Keen-sighted love is intui
se, tive and can more easily discern the
mnd hidden depths of John's or Mary's t
ley. heart than any other method. Such a e
a study of your boy and girl will lead a
fa- to the understanding of them; and r
in when this much is accomplished, the I
ad- greater part of the problem is solved.
rho It is safe to assert that where training r
ial is at fault the parents lack, not love, a
was but knowledge. They love well, but t
flu- not wisely. For it should be remem- c
of bered what a gulf there is between the p
love of benevolence, which ever seeks a
ins the highest good of the object it loves,
wo and the mere impulse of passionate o
'g- affection.
the A parent's heart often sacrifices itself t
ras in teaching the child that it must obey, 7
m- but the lesson is necessary for the ad- n
ost vance of character in the child. This Ij
m- is the love of benevolence. si
it * Another fond mother, ardent but c
* mistaken, will say: "Oh, let him have
in this, or do that, for I can not bear to
ity hear him cry!" This is the impulse, p,
,he unguarded and unsalutary, of passion- h
26. ate affection. It is really a selfish feel
he ing, since it prefers present comfort to a
ant the child's future good.
ek Gently, yet firmly, must the child be c
his taught the great lesson of obedient to
ch service, that its highest liberty is to ft
nt surrender to the loving mastery of thle i
d father and the mother. This process tl
a is the work of years. not days; when p]
re, guided by good-natured common sense
g-. it can not easily fail; and the law of
ed love ever being supreme, our children
on shall grow up as trees rightly planted,. C
he out of their very diversity producing a
Ut rich harmony of concord, unity and
affection.-N. Y. Ledger. II
HOPES WRECKED BY A BONE. pm
it. Ile Would Have Proposed, But for an A- r
of eldent.
of "Yes," meditatively said the bachelor lii
'e- to the other man, "'I would have been hi
3n a prosy old married man like you by "
this time if it had not been for the med
in dlesome intervention of a soup bone. iC"
ie "Some months ago I was very much lac
p- impressed with a little type-writer girl
as in our office. She was bright, pretty,
had a dainty figure, and wore such neat rTi
ie toilets that half the men in the place
it- were daft about her.
e- "'I was too bashful to ask her if I fi
e- might call on her, and one night over lit
e my late cigar I evolved a business pa
it method of settling my fate. I would or
as go early to the office next morning--she is
*h was usually the first clerk down-I inj
to would send the porter out upon an er- ho
i- rand, and then dictate a letter to her sel
a asking her to marry me. the
"i- "Wasn't that a brilliant scheme? A
a. But she was not there, and did not tal
st come in until nine o'clock. Late in an
r the day I heard her tell another girl lib
n. what had detained her. drl
le "The cook at her boarding-house bib
io had gone out to buy meat for break- bra
li fast; she entered the butcher shop just lot
n as the butcher, in anger, threw a soup
,t bond at his assistant; the cook inter- yo,
:e cepted the soup-bone, was felled insen- neo
,s sible, and being unknown to the bra
i. butcher was carried off to the hospital. cul
b "The boarders waited for their it 1
e breakfast, and my romantic intentions by
p were chilled beyond r esuscitation-so po.
L- here I am, a dismal bachelor, the vic- str
e tim of a contemptible, mean, little I
. five-cent soup-bone."-N. Y. Journal. enm
in8
-W1Vorthington's Magazine says the sor
t oldest rose bush in the world is at the
.Hildersheim, in IHanover. It was in
planted more titan 1,000 years ago by tai
aCharlemagne in commemoration of a ab
Svisit made to him by the ambassador ,a-,
. of the caliph Haroun-al-Raschid. After ani
it had become a flourishint vine a are
I cathedral was built over it. It is clo
known, however, that a coffin-shaped
Svault was built around its sacred roots die
in the year 818, the vault and bush is a
Ssurviving a fire which destroyed the anu
cathedral in 1146. The bush is now 26 bes
feet high and covers 30 feet of the wall. son
r The stem, after 1,000 years' growth, is dre
only 2 inches in diameter. hal
arin
i -A Reader's Reflection.-"I wish 1 or
were a heroine-in a story. It must wo
r be delightful to .have a clever author or
do all your talking for you, make up exa
ayour mind for you, supply you with 11
plenty of excitement, and make a no- ry 1
ble creature out of you without you tiom
doinganything whatsoever!"·-Harper's hol
Bazar. be
r -Will Not Hold Water.-Justice-- lovi
S"WVhy did you steal that wafterproof qui
cloak?" Prisoner-"I didn't think it the
was wrong to try and lay up some- on
thing for a rainy day."-Texas ,ift- and
ingea the
frie
--Visitor-"How was the coffee at sab
the lunch counter you just left strong mai
enough?" Another Visitor--"Yes; one hay
cnp b'oke twenty-dive cents all up."-- of a
1ftee;Vconn. PCt~
SCHOOL AND CHURCH.
the -T.* oldest German university bI
that of Heidelberg, founded in 1386.
and -Collegiate degrees were first con
dis ferred by the university of Paris in 1140.
rly -The first academy for the deaf and
em- dumb was opened in Edinburgh in 1778.
ave -The greatest university is Oxford.
ny It has tWenty-one colleges and five
our balls
h -The first schools for the separate
d education of girls were founded during
not the Roman empire.
ed -The most ancient universities in
ant Europe are those of Bologna, Oxford,
ith Cambridge, Paris and Salamanca.
ne- --In 1888 England and Wales had 68,
ars 683 registered teachers and 29,901 pupil
rs teachers: the school attendance was 3.
ed- 615,000.
ov- -The establishment of juvenile re
md formatory schools in Great lBritain in
Ore 1869 caused in ten years a decrease of
the 53 per dent. in youthful crime.
-ed -The first Hlebrew aihools are said
to have been establisTied after the
an-Balo
re abylonian captivity, by rabbis, who
ys received children over six years of age.
ow -The United States had last year 430
Lg universities and colleges, with 8,47
professors and teachers, 124,684 stu
ke dents, and 4,542,902 volumes in their
ai- libraries.
ui- -At Ocean Grove there have been
he making efforts to secure a new audi
's torium. The estimated cost is $50,000,
la and of that $35,000 have already been
ad subscribed, the largest individual do
ad nation being that of 85,000 by Mr. A. T.
he Fields. of Dobbs Ferry.
id. -The vaticant the magnificent 4.000
ug roomed "prison" of the pope, shelters
e, at present 1,027 persons, who all belong
at to the papal household. Of these 118
m- constitute the Swiss guard and 85 are
he papal police. The majority of these
ks are scions of Catholic noble families.
, -Of the 700 colporters in the employ
te of the British and Foreign Bible socie
ty, 30 are at work in Italy. During t
lf the year 1892 these workers disposed of c
T. 7,132 entire lBibles, 15,322 New Testa
d- mnents and 140,103 other portions of the f
ts Bibl)e, a total of 162,637 volumes.. Be
sides these the Evangelical book con
it cern in Florence publishes and sells its
ae own editions of the Italian Bible. n
to -Quirinal palace was the papal n
e, palace on Monte Cavallo, Quirinal t
n- hill, Rome. The present structure
wats begun by Gregory XIII, in 1574,
t and continued and enlarged by suc
ceeding popes. The meeting of the
be conclave for the election of the popes
nt takes place in the Quirinal palace, and
to from the balcony opening upon the
1e Piazza di Monte Cavallo the name of
ss the new pope is proclaimed to the peo
n ple.
--During the past year the WValden
alan mission congregations in Italy re
- ceived additions of 320 adults and 653
. estechumens' The total number of
communicants is 4,737, who contribut
d ed for church purposes a total of 79,186
lire, of which some 20,672 lire were for
the central treasury for the salaries of
* pastors, teachers and evangelists. On
an average each adult member of the
° aldensian churches, contributed 16 ni
lire, 70 centimes. The WValdensians w
have recently opened a new place of w
Sworship in Rome on the Via Merulana. tr
During tle week there is a gratis med- fl
ical mission held in this hall for one ta
hour a day. ji
AN ESSENTIAL PARTICULAT R. .
The Founding and Development of a Good
Home Library. P
The fact is that in these days of dif- h
I fused education every home requires a
library quite as much as it requires a r
a parlor, a reception room, a chamber, 01
d or a kitchen. A place to keep books in e
e is one of the first essentials in impart- n
ing a tone of thorough refinement to a
house. Yet to have the books them
selves is more important than to have
the special room which is their casket. th
A corner of the drawing-room, with a
table and an easy-chair, pens and ink,
and a few low shelves, makes a capital
library. In some charming homes
drawing-room and library are com
bined, and the books elbow the brie-a- wi
brac and the soft divans and cushioned
lounges h
TWhat sort of books will you have in no
your home library? Remember you
need not buy them all at once. A li- us
brary is like a garden. It grows by he
cultivation. Like the family to whom
it belongs, it develops day by day, year lat
by year. It is like a house, it must needs he
possess foundations, well-hewn and
strongly laid. yep
First among its must-be's is a good m
encyclopamdia. There are alwvays aris- ow
ing occasions when the intelligent per
son finds it advisable to go to some au- me
thority in order to get matters straight me
in his mind. Nobody's memory can re- me
tain everything one ought to know th
about Slam, about Ceylon, about coffee- te
raising, about a hundred other things ho
and places and peoples, all of which an
are treated by specialists in an ency- a
clopedla. m
Among other books of reference a po
dictionary of dates is indispensable; so
is a compendium of familiar quotations tri
and a reader's hand-book. The very i
best attainable lexicon should be in fr
some accessible spot where the chil- as
dren and young people may form the we
Shabit of consulting it whenever doubt twi
arises as to the spelling, pronunciation on
or precise shade of meaning of any or
word, whether a word in common use Pc
or one seldom heard. This is scholarly alo
exactitude, not pedantry.
In a good and well-chosen home libra
ry there will by degrees enter separa
tion and adjustment. One shelf will
hold volumes of histoiy, another will lay
be devoted to biography, another to th
poetry, to travels, to essays. The book- e
loving boy or girl will insensibly sac- i
quire so intimate &n acquaintance with t
the books that he or she can put a hand t
on any wished-for volume without long ea
and' bewildered search. The backs of :
the books will regard the family in a cur
friendly fashion, and some, brown, fat, s=
shbabby, faded, miuch' rad, and often
made the eompanions of daily-life, will
Shave an individuality ndve the po-rtion :
of apy but friend i bf the fal|y,-'i"
_-a p s D ." -. , "
:;: ~ ~ ~ ~ ¶ -rL··:-: ·~
THE, FARMING WORLD.
iI
DEVELOP THE YEARLINGS.
SRnow it caa MBe Dele Without iMoery to
10. the Young Anlmalo.
id -To leave the colt alone or to only
s3. halter breik him until he is three or
d. four years old is -a serious mistake t
re which many make. The time, expense
and trouble of breaking these mature
te animals, as well as the danger ncurred, t
gare convincing breeders every year that
the wisest and best way for all classes
in of horses, whether for speed or family t
d, die, is to begin training them at six V
mouths old or younger. I recently saw
a choice filly when six months old
thoroughly broken to drive single or
double, and that appeared perfectly at
home in every situation in which I saw
her placed. The question is asked,
i- how develop these young colts without
in injuring them?
Af Nothing is more natural than for the
sucker to run beside his dam. Of
Id course the young animal must not be
1e given too'much exercise, but he should
o be early-accustomed to a light harness
e. which may be made of an old harness,
10 or even of tarred rope that is well
dried. After adjusting it.carefully fol
-_ lowing the colt's thorough acquaintance
it with it, he should first be allowed to
run loose, as with colts generally. A
day or two later a thoroughly halter
n broken colt should be tied loosely to the
L- end of the shaft of his dam. Still later
a strong light line should be fastened to
n the outside bit, run throurh the turret s
ring to the driver's hand, and the colt
gently guided at the same time his ma- C.
ture mate has the lines pulled. In this p
way the youngster will become accus- b
s tomed to all sights and sounds and at
3 the age of six to eight months will a
B make no objection to going between Ci
the shafts alone.
His young muscles can also be gradu
ally developed for considerable speed P
! while he is not drawing a pound, and P
his action improved from day to day by tl
f the careful oversight of a discreetfr
f owner or driver, who should always re- v(
member that a young animal is easily sa
fatigued. After a short trot in the m
morning he can be left to rest and a
given his dinner, after which he can be P'
driven a short distance in the after- no
noon, the mare being driven all day if Si
I necessary. To prevent contact with of
the wheel have the blacksmith drill the cc
of
th
ire
th
fo
pr
thU
tal
he
nut of the axle and wagon wrench th
which fits it, and pin both together col
with a piece of malleable iron. After me
turning on the nut, bind the wrench th
firmly to a s-nooth hickory pole with ar
tarred rope.. This pole must be bowed bu
just right, and extend to the end of the col
shaft, where it is firmly bolted. (See ing
cut.) If the little greeny should crowd thi
the wheel on first starting out, this reC
pole will keep him away from it, and be
he will soon learn to trot clear of both. she
The value of the contrivance will be it
readily seen. The youngster is thor- co,
oughly trained while going on short ml
errands beside his driver and never or
needs breaking.-Farm and lHome. wi
tin
PIG PEN POINTERS. pr
Iusa yourcorn for the hogs when hei
the hogs quit chewing the stalks. we
YouR sows are not liable to become she
cannibals if you feed them properly. lay
A LITrLL experimenting in hog feed- the
ing will not cost much. It may be hbs
worth a good deal to you. cor
TEr man who has put his trust in bu:
hogs fcr the past twelve months has are
not had cause to regret it. me
IT will soon be time for butchers to nig
use a few hogs each week. This will ere
help the demand for roughs. me
Giva the runts of the litter particu- the
lar attention. They will make good ing
hogs if they live long enough. she
TEN good brood sows during the past var
year, if properly handled, would have leel
made a good bank account for their wal
owner. lPui
PROF. SHELTON of the Kansas experi- vidu
ment station, by a series of experi- -F
ments, found that it cost 25 per cent.
more to produce a pound of pork when Ii
the animal was exposed to severe win- saa
ter blasts than when comfortably fan
housed. The exposed hog took eleven say
and two-thirds pounds of corn to make ve
a pound of pork, while the same ani- dep
mal sheltered required less than seven she
pounds bep
A SQUeALINS pig never gets fat, is as diti
true as the old proverb about the bark- mec
ing dog. No matter whether he squeals per
from hunger or from sheer perversity, hem
as some seem to do after they have been and
well fed, if he eats enough to gain his pa
two pounds a day he will squeal away are
one-half of it. Beware of buying suchthe
or breeding from such. They are un- can
profltable and as uncomfortable to get she
along with as a grumbling farm hand. 80 a
Cheap OrGZIs for Poiltr. kee
Grain may be cheap, but it is costly ing
food if it is used exclusively for the .he
laying hens in winter, for the reason
that while grain cannot be exceUed for
keeping the hens warm, it will not W
supply them with egg-forming ma- pro
terial, and if fed very liberally it causes feed
them to become too fat. It is not abe a
uncnommon occurrence for farmers to pigl
meet with disappointment in not pro- will
uenring eggs, although they supplied eves
grain liberally, and yet if less grala feed
and a proportion of meat had been dlin
given the hens they would 'perhalps -o
·thre done better, and ,aiwed. a o.A -t h
We do a~~aet ~lunbatw&.,sgid
000 SHEEP BARN. '
Dlweetlses for oVestseta s 'a r
ranged Selda g.
Our illustration, which we
' from Canadian Live tStock
shows the basement plan of a
r It is a most complete building, e
c thing being convenient and well
s ranged. The long fodder can be
from the feeding passages, but -f
the grain or roots the attendant
go into the pens amongst theShe -j
This is done to insure his looking *
y the sheep, when any that are sib ;.
N would be detected The stone wall lI
Splastered on the inside. The land
s. nicely away from the building on
r sides, and the doors are large and
Lt windows numerous, so that the entrs
building can be kept thoroughly: d
and airy. By means of doors suspende'i
t from the sleepers above which, by the!
use of rope, pulley and a sand bag, camn
t be gently let down, one of the pena
1- a
so
t 1ROUND PLAN OF A GOOD 81EzP NAK.
Lt
can be turned into a close comp
s partment for ewes when breeding, and
by the use of hurdles, which are hinged
t together, and which, when not in use,
are stored neatly away above, this
Sclosed compartment can be subdivided
into numerous pens for several sheep.
The doors at the ends of the feeding
passages next the walls open into the
passages, and are hung in such a way
that when sheep are being changed
t from one pen to another the doors preo i
vent them from getting into the pas
r sageway. The floor of the feedroom is
made of cement, and a root pulper and
a stripper occupy one side of this com
partment, while in another corner is a
neat little cupboard for holding shears. - :
E sheep dip, etc. A dipping trough and
other appliances are stored away .in
convenient corners. A large inclosed
water cistern has been built at one end
of the root cellar, and by means of a tap' .
the hose water san be carried to s .ay
part of the building.
THE POULTRY BUSINESS.
Fowls Cannot 3e Neglected Withouet De.l
creasing the Income.
The poultry business is enjoyling
something of a boom. There is a grmowd
ing interest in it. People are learninngf!
that it is a source of ready profit and a
bank that can be drawn upon at almost '4
any time. They are learning that while
fowls cannot be neglected and- be.
profitable, that after all they need no
more attention than they will repay.
and repay well. They are learning
that good fowls are just as readily ob·
tained and reared as poor ones; that a
hen will lay eggs if she is given any
thing to make egg out of, and is kept
comfortable, an". they are more and
more conforming their management to
these necessary conditions. Farmers
are getting better breeds; they are. -
building more convenient and more
comfortable houses, and they are feed
ing more scientifically. Whoever does
these things will be pleased with the
results. The hen, like the cow, must
be kept comfortable, and the rule'
should be stated and compliance with
it urged as often as in the case of the.
cow. Poultry that in summer is per
mitted to roast in a hot poultry house
or run, or is forced nearly to freeze in.
winter, can do nothing. In summer
time as comfortable a place as can be
prepared should be prepared for the'
hens. The poultry house in hot,
weather, while it affords shade, is like
an oven. In cold weather the houlse
should be warm. A cold hen will not
lay. The far mer has the best chan e in
the world to make poultry pay. He
has a variety of food at hand, wheat,
corn and vegetables. He may need to
buy bones. Green bones pulverized
are the best, but the purchased . bane
meal is good. In winter corn is best at
night, and the fowl should have a gen
erous night meal.if it has not a full
meal at any other time of the day, for
the fast from roosting time until morn
ing is a long one. But the feeding
should be generous all the time, with a
variety of foods. There is much neg
leet in the matter of providing good;
water for fowls. This should not be-.
Pure water is an essential, and to pro
vide it only needs a very little exertion.
-Farmers' Voice.
Sheep and Hogs on the Farm.
In answer to an inquiry as to hbow
many hogs and sheep can be kept on"
farm of 150 acres, the Ohio Fasmer
says: An acre of good pastnre will k.ep
five to ten sheep the summer through,
depending upon the season and kind of :
sheep. Stephen Powers says he hi _
kept twenty-three sheep in good co "
dition on three acres. nearly all sunm
met. You will need two pounds oftayi.
per day and say a pound of grtain, p:
head, for winter. From these data.
and taking into consideration the
pacity of the land to prodnee train,.
area in orchard, woodland, etc.,
the amount of other stock kept,. o
can estimate pretty closely how
sheep you can keep On l0aesrs "
80 acres plowed,. SO aeres Iawoo
5 acres for buildings, garide.
keeping 8 horses, 8 or 4 cows, 0ad
ing a litter or two of pigs, 100
sheep or 180 Mlerinos are eu"igh.
Whest. _ a eg eo , ,
Wheat will in futurf eqaf .
prominent place ta.a heret.4 k
feeding because it has bee
be a better all round food i s
pigs than corn. Xihe. ptkaie
will measarnbly Weulaba
ever, even though ; short,
feed, becase. of the.'
Iasaeis a