IARRHCERA,
VYSENTWRY,
iCHOLERA INFANTUM,
$ECTIONS OF THE BOWELS.
= 'oan La. 3.. Jul. SISb.
s atlemen :-We Lave uaeA your Brodie's Cor.
_,' dial in our family for some time St. and are
Swperfectl s.atitsfed with its effects. Would sol
s wil ydwo without it. kespectfully,
_______J. ]EC. Romatsoy.
SOLD BY ALL DRUCChlTS.
PmRIOc. o0. and 81.00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CO.
new e mns... am.
The Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KE DY'S
SISCOVERY,
KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common
 rpasture weeds a remedy that cures every
`i-iklnd of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of Its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears In a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it wlb
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can~get, and enough of- it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by aEDruggists.
McELREES'
WINE OF CARDUI.
For Feale Diseases.
W. L. DoucLAS
$ SHO NO S.QUAK . N.oG
*5. CORDOVAN,
i FRECHI&ENAMELLED CALF:
3k.350 RFNECALF&IAGNGAMIL
4Z.9POUCE,E Sous..
e.$ * I.FBv I E.S *
:OW*L* DOUQLAS,
SBR-rOCK N, MASS.
.Ye emn save money by wearlngl the
SW. L. Douglas 3.OO BShoe.
U eussj ,a the larges manuracturers of
ameoBhoe the n orld imdanlduarntee tbell
alue bty stamplng the namo and rece on the
ptjlxm, whi/ch protect ron aainst high prices and
a e ntspits. our abet ceqal custom
-ork_ Intre, asly t~Ltn and wear ng; qualltica
wohavethem soid everywhere at lower prices ror
ahervlsjrien tma r nf other make. Take nosb
Oee .  IJourdualerdeannot upplyyou. we can.
'! .- l .le par
,et wa, ted a Sd r ~ao c oa.Al
C ~ Amdais Ept, EPdying I T"
s , thez now siiakl to rest,
lald isrlht that I should chew trie am
CA, .M.EMIUPHIS, TENN.
.aCIIWF3ATZ.~
a.UII
1 . .
UP TO DATE. -
Mary, you wan to get the parlors into shape for to night I expect a surprise prty.
Obedlence to the Letter.
1 A story is told in central Maine of a
young woman who distanced pater
familias, so to speak, in a matter of
parental authority: "Now, Mary
Jane," said the stern parent, "I will
consent to your going to the dance at
the Corner to-night only under one
condition." "What is that?" asked
Mary Jane, meekly, her eyelids droop
ing pathetically. "It is," said the
father, "that you won't let that young
scapegrace, - , bring you home."
"I'll promise," said the maid, and she
went to the dance.
Scene next morning: "I thought you
promised me not to let that fellow
bring you home?" said the angry par
ent, with fire flashing from his eyes.
"'He didn't bring me home," said Mary
Jane, archly. "Buthe came home with
you, for I saw him." "Yes. but he
didn't bring me. I :told him what I had
promised, so we walked home and he
led the horse."-Lewiston Journal.
And He Never Was Cross Again.
Hubby (dur.ng the tiff)-I suppose
now that you will be going home to
your mother in the morning?
Wifle-I iSut von't. I hiave tried
that, and it doesn't seem to do any
good. I am going to bring mother
here this time.-Pearson's.
OUT ON TIIE FLY.
1,
"Adversity has uses sweet.
And this one I do declare.
If you've a bald head. soft and nent,
Your wife can never pull your hair.'
-Texas Siftings.
Had Passed That Danger.
Miss Antique-IIow I dread the hum
drum existence of middle ago.
Miss Caustique--Don't fret. That
will never trouble you.--Chicago leo
ord. "
BE.TTER LEFT UNSAID.
"Oh! You are leaving us early, Mr.
Brown."
"Yes, Mrs. Park, and I am very sorry
that I must leave, but not expecting to
have such a pleasant time this evening,
I had made another engagement."
Harper's Bazar.
MLodern ervantgallas.
Applicant-I shall expect twenty dol
lars a month, mum. in advance, an' all
the comforts of home, meals wid de
family, the use ov the piano, an' the
family docthor, an' I want to go out
ivery avining. Now, mum, how aboot
your references.-Texas Siftings.
Too RIsky.
Cora-I expect Mr. Merritt this even
ing, so don't hide any of your fire
works in the parlor.
Little Johnnie--I guess not. You two
spark so much, you'd be sure to set
them off.-Truth.
APFE COUNSEL.
Mr. Choto (trying a new typewriter
51rl)--She's awfully slow.
Mrs. Chote. (who has happened in and
atehes a ht oU~he new acquisition's
hsre)-T.~4 bette isqep hcr', JohT,
'e $Wedsti t
Taking Down a Noble.
Not long since a certain noble peer
In Yorkshire who is fond of boasting
of his Norman descent thus addressed
one of his tenants, who, he though.;:
was not speaking to him with proper
respect:
"Do you know that my ancestors
came over with William the Con
querer?"
"And mayhap," replied the noble
Saxon, nothing daunted, "they found
mine here when they came."
The noble felt he had the worst of it
--Spare Mloments.
GREATEST NERVE IN THE WORLD.
JAM
"Waddles," remarked Dismal Tod
dler, tearfully, "I have worked the dise
trict between Chicago and Peory for
thirteen years, and I thought I'd seed
all kinds o' nerve, but I hope to be
caught working if I haven't just struck
nerve for the first time--and in a wom
an, too."
"WVot's the matter?"
"I called at thathouse over there and
asked for viddults; and when I had
sprung my tale of woo the lady asked
me if I wouldn't whistle for the dog so
that she could set Lim on me."-Chicago.
Tribune.
SHE WAS URIGUT, Or COURSE.
woman I'd make up my mind mightj
quick.
She-Then you wouldn't be a woman
-Detroit Free Press.
An Up-to-Date 9[alden.
" You're beautifull' the young man cried,
His eyes with ardor all aglow.
" Oh, say," the modern girl replied,
"" Do tell me something I don't know!"
-Chioago Record.
"A SAFE B UR/GLAR."
i- 4
After st. PauL.
May ( me-What an apostle lanc ere
would have made.
Frank Beach---Why so?
She-Thay Blume-Did you ever seldn' be a greo
Dr asher of men?Funnss. Folks
Too U-to-a to Askid
"There is one sign that should bcrie
Hisd over every lette x in thew.
ity."Oh, say." th odern girl rlid
Do "Whatol me something I don't kno"
-C"Post no bihiag"-oYale ecord.eord
*Tam es atety msred.
istracted other--O, .Toh!n JoLi
Come qulck! Jamle's fallen in the well
Farmer Tightphist--Great Soott! I'J
get him out. It's the only good wi
XrUAUs AGO.
eid Isey's Nisperese.e Woerhy geeme
Attenties. I
[From the Detroit Evening News.] 1
Away out Gratiot Ayenue, far from the 1
iAn and turmoilof the business center, there
are many attractive homes. The intersect
lag streets are wide, clean and shaded by
large leat-covered trees, and the people you
eet are typical of industry, economy and I
honest toil There are many pretty rest
dances, but none more inviting in its neat.
ness and homelike comfort than that of Mr. 1
Levi Elsey, the well-knownbuilder and con 1
Stractor, at 76 Moran street just.or Gratoit
Mr Elsey is an old resident of Detroit
having moved here about forty years ago.
He has erected hundreds of houses in differ
ant parts of the city, and points with pride e
to such buildings as the Newberry & Mo I
Mullan and Campaw blocks in which he die c
played his ability as a superintendent. c
"I have been Detroit grow from a village
to a city," he observed yesterday in conver
sation with the writer, "andl.I don't think
there are many towns in America to.day
equal to it in point of beauty. I know al.
most everybody in the city, and an .ineident
which recently happened in my life has in.
terested all my friends.
"It is now about eight years ago since 1
was stricken dowrn with my first case of
illness. One cold, blustering day I was
down town and through my natural careless.
ness at that time I permitted myself to get
chilled right through. W~hen I arrived home
that evening I felt a serious pain in my left n
leg. I bathed it that night, but by morning I
I found it had grown worse. In fact, it was
so serious that I sent for my family physi i
clan, and he informed me that I was suffer.
Sng from varicose veins. My leg swelled
up to double its natural size and the pain in
creased in volume. The agony was simply
awful. I was laid up and never left my bed
foreight weeks. At times I felt as thougi t
I would grow frantic with pain. My leg t
was bandaged and was propped up in the c
bed at an angle of 80 degrees in order tc
keep the blood from flowing to my extremi
ties.
"I had several doctors attending me, but i
1 believe my own judgmenthelped me- better
than theirs. After a siege of two months ]
could move around, still I was on the sidc I
list and had to doctor myself for years. 3 c
was never really cured and suffered any e
amount of anguish.
"About two years ago I noticed an article
In the Eoeding _enws about my friend, Mr.
Northrup, the Woodward Avenue merchant. e
In an interview with him he stated that he
had used Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale .1
People and that they cured him. I knew -ý
him very well, having built his house oul I
on Woodward Ave., and I thought I would
follow his suggestion. I must confess I did
so with marvelous success. From the time a
I began to take the Pink Pills I felt mysell
growing to be a new man. They acted or
me like a magical stimulant. The pain do o
parted and I soon was as strong and healthy I
as ever. Before trying the Pink Pills I had
used any amount of other medicine without t
any noticeable benefit. But the Pills cured
me and I was myself again.
"When a person finds himself relieved e
end enjoying health he isapt to expose him. b
self again to another attack of illness. Some a
three months ago I stopped taking the PinI
Pills, and from the day I did so I noticed a
change in my condition. A short time since a
I renewed my habit of taking them with the e
same beneficial results which met me for. t
merly. I am again nearly as strong as ever
although I am aman about .5 years of age. J
tell you, sir, the Pink Pills are a most won-.
derful medicine, and if they do as well in h
other casesas they did in mine they are the u
best in the world. I freely recommend them
to any sufferer." a
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain, in a con. e
densed form, all the elements necessary to a
give new life and richness to the blood and
restore shattered nerves. They are an un
failing specific for such diseases as loco.
motor taxia, partial paralysis, St. Vitus'
dance, sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism,
nervous headache, the after effect of is
grippe, palpation of the heart, pale and sal.
low complextions, all forms of weakness t'
either in male or female. Pink Pills are a
sold by all dealers, or will be sent postpaid
on receipt of price (.50 cents a box, or sis
boxes for $3.50-thev are never sold in bulls p
or by the I00) by aadressing Pr. Williams t
Medicine Co., Schenectady, N. Y. s4
FRESH CURRENCIES. ti
STEBTLTZED milk is becoming a popu- a
Inr hot-weather drink in New York h
city. ce
THE gripmen on the Broadway cable is
road of New York are paid forty cents
a trip.
A CAMBrIDGE (Mass.) court has de
cided that the delivery of iee cream on
Sunday is a work of necessity and a
charity.
A DEER hunt, with a comical termina
tion, was lately witnessed in Meath, fi
Ireland. The game, being hotly pressed, 1w
plunged inter-the sea and swam to an
island a mile distant. IT
" 'STEA9M-lrEATED,' as it appears on the E
signs of flats and buildings of one sort
or another," said a citizen, "seems just IT
now almost a superfluity; butit will be
all right next winter." se
Lively as a Trout u
Is the individual who after a long siege finds
himself liberated from the close biockade of
the enemy, constipation. _any persons ofi
a bilious habit ar troubled with constriction
of the bowels. Thevalwavs find relief, and
that speedily, without griling or trouble of
any sort, from Hostetter's StomachBitters
a sremedy also for malaria, dyspeptic, rheu: a
matic or kidney affections.
sURPRIsE. h
Be careful how you go abroad in raimen s
that is now,
Because a sudden little shower may get the
drop on you.--Truth.
Ir matches are made in heaven, let us hope It
some of our pugulists will get there, anu
_.l"cThey seem unable to malke them here a
Pare and Wholesome Quality di
Commends to public approval the California re
liquid laxative remedy, Syrup of Figs. It o,
is pleasant to the taste and by acting gently
on tile kidneys, liver and bowels to cleanse
the system effectually, it promotes the gi
health and comfort of all who use it. and in
with millions it is the best and only remedy.
LITTER carriers may be seen collecting le
letters at midnight, but this doesn't explain ,
why some late males don't arrive till near
morning.--Philadelphia Times. re
Tua young man who has no aim in life B
will sooner or later fall into the ditch.
Ram's Horn.
WE.EVER there is an doubt about he
dog's sanity, an ounce ofa lead is worth a
pound of cure.-Tammany Times. I
A r rlady becomes still fairer by using
Glenn's S.l bnr Soap.
Hill's aHar and Whisker Dy, 50 cents. a
A rUerorva embesler from Cologne is
reported as on his way to this country. a)
The detectives are understood to be on the in
scent
Te diference between an epicure and an
anarchist cis that one's a mighty diner and b
the other's a dynamiter.
"Dmn you invite Busie to come and see in
youl" Illossie-"Yes: I told her she must
come over and stay all night some day."
all's Otarrb cre e h
Is a Constitutional Cure. Price tSo. m
Hze--"If I should propose to you what d
would be the outcome?" he---"It vould"i
depend entirely on the income." l
Tw brothers may be eccentrlc, but they s
are never odd. so
A onatnaoeD man w4N sae~wre bebo7leWd nC
Sw44i W0o ~ t~
Mianeapoliahe public libiary of that
(1ty, at .the present rat. of increase,
will within phort time be:. second o"
first in the United States in 'the num
ber of books eirnulated.
-Atdrew Carnegie will return to
Pittsburgh in the fall to arrange for the
r formal opening of the library which Se
is to give to his fellow-citizens. From
all accounts, the institution promises
to be worthy its great purpose and ft
i to do its donor honor. The building's
~capacity will be 230,000 volumes.
-Guidde's Book "Caligula," which is
, supposed to refer to Emperor William,
h has had a wonderful sale in Germany.
i Over one hundred and fifty thousand
copies have been sold already and
three printing establishments are kept
busy supplying the demand. The
work is now in its twenty-fourth edi
tion.
-A portrait of the late duke of Clar
ence, painted by Mr. Alfred A. Poore,
the artist, is to be presented to the
duke and duchess of York as a wed
ding gift from the officers of the Tenth
Hussars. The portrait represents the
late duke in the magnificent uniform
of that regiment, and is admirably exe
cuted.
--Mark Twain says there are three
"infallible" ways of pleasing an author:
1. To tell him you have read one of his
i books. 2. To tell him you have read
all of his books. 3. To ask him to let
you read the manuscript of his forth
1 coming book. No. 1 admits you to his
respect. No. 2 admits you to his ad
I miration. No. 8 carries you clear into
g his heart.
A -Lord Chief Justice Coleridge had in
i his possession an exceedingly interest
ing collection of letters of Coleridge.
Wordsworth and Southey, which had
been addressed to his father, Sir John
6 T. Coleridge. The letters cover nearly
t the whole of the poet's career, and be
g gin with the appeal to buy his dis
c charge from the army.
--Thomas Nast, the caricaturist, for
merly with Harper's Weekly, and now
in London on the Pall Mall Gazette,
= spent much of the past winter paint
] ing. His early ambition was to be an
b historical painter before his great suc
3 cess as a cartoonist made him give up
f the brush for the pencil He has now
returned to his old love, and has re
cently finished two large pictures of
events in the late war.
E Much regret is felt in Spain at the
E death at Madrid of Don F. Madrazo,
"·ne of the most gifted artists of Spain.
I He had reached the Biblical limit in
age. Among his most famous pictures
are "Godfrey of Bouillon Proclaimed
King of Jerusalem," painted in 1839;
"Marie Christine as a Nun at the Bed
of Ferdinand VII.," "Women at the
Sepulchre of Christ," and many por
traits of Spanish aristocrats.
-Queen Victoria presented the duch
ess of York with two cradles for her
baby. One is of whitewood, and is the
some bassinet as originally held the
Empress Frederick of Germany. It has
an inscription in silver letters to that
effect, and also that the queen gave it
to the duchess of York in 1894. It is
fitted up with white satin and Honiton
lace. The other cradle is made of ma
hogany with a rich gilt inlay, and is
upholstered in pale blue brocade. Both:
are furnished with sheets of Irish lawn
edged with lace, and blankets as light
as eiderdown, composed of Pyrenean
wood.
HUMOROUS.
-Tim-"What kind of a necktie is
that, Bill-a four-in-hand?" iill-"No,
a second-hand."--South Boston News.
-"Jobson has gotten a place on the
police force." "How did he convince
the authorities that he was fitted for
such a position?' "Oh, they had proof
that he walks in his sleep."-Judge.
-" 'What's that noise?" asked Willie,
as the owls began to hoot. "It's a
howl," said his English nuese. "Poh!"
cried Willie. "I know that, but what
is it that's howling?"-Harpcr's Bazar.
-To Us in Dreams
What is it speaks to us in dreams?
Is it a voice from Evermore?
Or is it something that we ate
The night before?
-Detroit Free Press.
-Harmony.-Cholly Greene-"What
funny cigawettes; why, they're made
with bwown paper!" Chappie Clinton
"Yaas; I got them made to order to
match my wusset shoes."-Brooklyn
Eagle.
--ourd to Kick.-He-"Maria, this
millinery bill is very large." She
"WVhy, George! I was afraid you world
say that; so I got Madame Stickem to
use the smallest piece of paper possible.
But it is always the way with you.
You're bound to find fault anyway."-
Boston Transcript.
-"You haven't changed much," he
observed, as he lighted a fresh cigar,
"since last I saw you." "No-" (she
shaded her eyes from the glaring sun
light with her gloved hand) "only one
husband." Although they were old
schoolmates, conversation seemed to
lag.-Detroit Tribune.
-A Last Resort.-Mother-"I don't
know what to do about my little boy.
I have been feeding him on all the new
patent health foods I could hear of,
and he'gets thinner and thinner every
day." Doctor-"H'im! Desperate case*.
require desperate remedies. Try him
on meat and potatoes."-Puck.
-Fond Mamma (oracularly)-"Every
given name has some particular mean
ing, or ought to have. Charles signi
fies kingly; Harry, the noble; Frank
let's see-what does Frank mean?
Lovely Daughter (starting out of
reverie)-"Er-Frank? Oh, he means
business; he told me so last night."
Buffalo Courier.
-Who He VWas.-MIistress-"Lena, I
heard a man kissing you in the hall
last night." Servant-"Yes, mum."
Mistress--' "'Voll, I want to know who I
that man was?" Servant (somewhat
embarrassed)--"Excuse me--ah-but
ah-I think-it was----" Mlistress
"Who was he?" Servant-"He was
ah-probably my brother."-Texas Sift
inga
--No Risks Taken.-Her lip quivered
and her breath came in labored gasps,
but she did not speak. "Do you not
love me?" he anxiously demanded, seiz
uing her shrinking hand. "I--T don't
know," she faltered. Gently he in
sinuated his arm about her. "Darling,"
he murmured, "would you like to have
me ask you mamma first?" With a sud
den cry of terror she grasped his arm.
"No, no, no!" she shrieked, convulsive
ly. "She is a widow: I want you my
self." She clung to hIq. until he
solemnly promised that he would say
nothing to~the old lady at present.*
Detrtit TrLibae,.
The U. S. Government, th rough  i c -
cultural Departnent, has been invt.
the baking powders for the purpose din~
forming the public which was the purest,
most economical and wholesome.
The published report shows the Royal
Baking Powder to be a pure, healthfuil~"
preparation, absolutely free from alum or any"
adulterant, and that it is greatly stronger in
leavening power than any other brand.
Consumers should not let this valuable
information, official and unprejudiced, go
unheeded.
ROYAL BAKINO POWDER CO., 106 WALL IT., NEWYORK.
'asn's it funny, Mamma," said little Tom
ny the other night, "that the wind doesn't
blow the ire lies outt"-Puck.
SOMeB people are so constituted that they
can never see the bright side of anything
but a dollar.
TiE man who alvways does his best can al
ways do better next time.-Presbytorian
EmtOPr has several kings who are total
rea. _
DAD men always hate the laws that good
men try to enforce.--Ram's lorn.
A SMART man must learn to read a post.
script in a woman's eye.-Truth.
Tus man whoinvented work evidently had
nothing to do.-Fliegende Blatter.
Tan mermaid's favorite tune-Neptune.
TrHERE are educated pigs, but there art
none that do not like mud.--tam's Horn.
WoMAx is born weak; man is made weak
by a woman.-Truth.
THn Boston girl speaks of the ball player
as being stricken out.-Puck.
SOME men never tumble, even when an
idea strikes them.
Tns vise dog beats a generous world out
of a living with his tail.-Galveston News.
AroLLO was a stickler for the code of
honor. It was be who first struck the lyre.
DRowrxIo men catch at straws. but they
do not grasp them with the avidity of men
who are trying to drown sorrows.
A reT man though not blind is compelled
to feel his weigh.
THE most distant relatives are not always
those who live farthest away.-Philadelphia
Record.
WHAT is the difference between a Swiss
mountaineer and dandruff One scales the
Alps and the other ails the scalps.
A WOMAN more easily forgets a man whom
she has loved for years than one whom she
has hated for an hour.-Truth.
MAN may be partially known by the com
pany he keeps; but not wholly so until said
company has married hini and summered
and wintered with him.-PIck.
THE PROCRESS-S
"SELF-TRAMPINI "
Cotton Press
Saves man tramping In the
box. Requires btoneahand to
packl 10 to l.ortwo 2) to2e bales
per day. Very trong simple,
quick and durable. Also our
IDEAL'" ayPress
oted 3 sot 335o33ut  l aet.
"eand rssrisdI Os Ins1·.
CO MPts eOls aOa Soerai s OstBs. Areridactiral
tIronso ca ain* Kale S di BOrks] Address
PROGRF, D G. 00., Sole ..io0 JleridiMjYlss
ELAIRETTE S5AP
BET PUREST AND MOST ECONOMICAL.
SOLD EVERYWHERE
1 THE NK.FAIRB GOMPANY. ST.LUIs.
t/ Don't make two bites
at a cherry. What's the use of talc
ing one thing for coarse, and
another for fine, washing. Pearl
ine will do it all. For washing
wood-work, tinware, silver, mar
ble, glass, dishes, carpets, or
anything you can think of, Pearl
ine is the best. It saves not only
work, but wear. - Let it help you in all
these ways. You musn't think that the easy
washing of clothes is all that Pearline is made for.
Sen Peddls and some unsrcruplous wl tell, you- this s as good as
REMOVAL SALE OF PIANOS AND ORGANS.
Previous 50omoy~al into oar mew rive togiN.
a0_e w-bsr _ ere s sa sae aSmmee toa l
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMAND8 OL.EANLINE.f
BAPQl.IQ HQU.I.D es 8usy-T sy m tT o...
SAPLIOBnO LD·rry~l (nr~,Ills ~ PM
H-"You are the one girl amonga tbous
and." She-"I didn't suppose there .ad
been more than adozen or so."-Indianspoits
Journal.
TUITIO. is high in the school.of experi
ence, but the instructor iatherolulgh.-am'
Horn. "
SIUnDx is a good day for writig letters.
and Monday isa good day to forget to ma
them.-Picayune.
Tnar schoolboy thinks that a switch in the
hand would be twice as good in the bush.
A BUTIBWRSS WOMAN,
or a woman who
aer toniato sld
It's a medicie that
m.. V. aPraos: Dear Sp-ion h.m It,
he Favorite Prec n and I
mediho a o ak sfers with f
i Yoursepetial tuoni ar
onpo - It'ras a nmdinI tha
buial dpMianreates, D err end Dm C
It lae m te pans eas borden Owlbi
monel back.
the avoritte is and I o an yer".
male dise. I hau e tried severl 1cr or
edone ioso note b ad eo tnok e.t
P sot Midrevhleryer Hon..D · r Q0.
A. reN.un K.,' F.od 1513rbl·
WIE1i Wlii1·erfrfGT Cous.Eu TZSEI PjLK
ta ho havea ea t unaE or Asth i
per--.