-· ---- -r··~ - --,, ,. , - - - - - - - - -
THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, AUGUST 5, 1893. NUMBER 22.
*- ** ****** ***** ** * *1 1 * 1 * ** *** *I *I ** ** -- *
JACKSON PARK JOTTINGS.
Th Tode or Evnt. Transpirng.*
,, the Word's ai, r. .
bease's soiOs Gagete - Celebriues
Itlsg the Oreat ezpegtloa-A strasse
tMIsas s Netloes -
New Featnures.
SPeo aeeo Corepoemea 1Ol
The. eorld's fair city has for the last
few '.eeks had somewhat of a surfeit of
.Oealty. The city was thrown into
f tumult by the arrival of Duke de
'Veragua and his suite, and laid itself
out to entertain the titled desoen-ant
of Columbus in truly royal fashion. For
a week or ten days there were grand w-
eeptions, public and private, and cere
nionial visits to the fair grounds, and
altogether a perfectly delightful season
was enjoyed by those of the upper ten.
fom who were privileged to partieipate
in the festivities. Then Infanta Eu
lalia burst upon our social horizon in all
her regal splendor and society had an
other round of hobnobbing with roy
alty. The elite of the city reveled for
a brief season in the smiles of their
titled guests and fairly jostled one an
oether in their efforts to get nearest to
the fair princess. But it is all over and
we are oompelled to fall back upon the
leszcr lights from abroad. who were for
the time thrown in the shade by the
brigater luminaries of more exalted sta
The duke and princess having taken
their departure from our city, we can
give our eyes a moment's rest and then
look about us upon the plainer but
more satisfying celebrities of our own
country. Within a few days past
among the visitors at the White City
were noted ex-President Harrison, 2
Vice President Stevenson, Senator
IDavid B. Hill and a number of other i
prominent figures in political and I
business circles, and they all pro
nounced our great exhibition a ver
itable city of wonders. It is sail that c
Mr. Harrison remarked in private that I
he wculd sooner visit the fair than go
duck shooting. Knowing the ex-presi- t
dent's great love for his favorite pas-.
I,,
-~TI I IFnllZ
" time, we may believe that he thinks the
fair is well worth seeing.
Having recovered from the thorough
dampening received during the recent
heavy rains, the fair is now resplen
dently abloom with the variegated cos
tumes of all nations. Each day brings
crowds of people from all parts of the
world to view the wonders about which
they have heard and read so mach.
The WVhite City is now in truth the
iMecca of all nations, and here we m.vy
behold each day a wonderful mingling
of strange races.
There are now but few drawbacks to
the complete success of the fair, and
these will, it is believed, be done away
with in due season to permit of a full
j. .
A LAPLAND iraTRIORn.
and satisfactory return for the im
mense outlay of labor and money. One
of the disturbing elements is the failure
of the railroads to make special fair
rates. There is a tendency on the part
of some roads to reduce their fare and
we may look for a general move in that
direction very soon. Many prospective
visitors are awaiting this move, and
when the reductions are made there
will in all probability be a great rush
to our city.
The financial report for the month of
Miy shows a profit of nearly a quarter
of a million dollars, which is far in ex
efts of all expectations and very en
couraging to heavy stockholders. Dur
ing the rest of the season the expenses
of rtinning the fair will be greatly
lightened, and with the increasing re
ceipts will place the mammoth enter
prise on a very substantial footing. The
average daily attendance is now very
close to the one-hundred-thdusand
mark and gaining steadily.
Those of the foreign copntries whose
eshibits have been delayed by aocidents
t i* re atwy to tihe gau4 end re
tarnishing some rare surprises by the
magnificence of their displays. The
Russians among others are distinguish
I.ng themselves in their section in the
Manufactures and Liberal Arts build
ing, their -arrival all but completing
the grand central avenue in that
leviathan of baildings. Germany,
France and many other nations have
been-in place for some time and are
dividing among them the wonder and
admiration of the visiting hosts each
day.
A great many people come to visit the
fair who expect to do the whole thing
up in a few days, or a week at most.
These invariably go away unsatisfied
SEEING THU VAI= UNDEB D S.
or conclude that their business
where is not so pressing as they at first
thought it was. After ]ding a
whole day in one corner afbd th(
vast buildings they bagin-to re -z ti
magnitude of their task aad- vb.-too
forego a minute inspection of t iexhib
its, unless they can arrang& for a
lengthy stay, and bestir themselves to
get over as much ground as possible,
contenting themselves with, only a
cursory glance at objects of superior
interest while on the wing.
There is one portion of the fair, how
ever, that sticks them. That is Mid
way Plaisance. In spite of all their
e plans they find it an utter impossibility
to get through that marvelous aggrega
1 tion of wonders on schedule time. Its
t attractions are all too potent for the
strength of their resolutions and they
" linger in spite of themselves amidst the
a fascinatzons of the kaleidoscopic thor
oughfare.
In this connection it might be well to
impart a little advice, which is con
tained in the words of an honest old
lady from the back districts, who,
when her filial spouse was departing
for a day at the fair said: "Now, Hliram,
you'd better leave what money yoa
don't need with me." As the story has
It IIiram left the bulk of his cash with
'mother" and he was sorry for it when
he struck Midway Plaisance.
A Pardonable Offense.
When Columbian guards do wrong
they have to write a full explanation
of their wrong doing on a formidable
paper bearing printed questions that
are designed to extort the truth from
the erring Columbian. When one of
them sat down while on duty one
dreary night recently he was discov
ered in his heinous offense and was duly
given the printed blank and ordered to
tell his shame in ink. The questions to
be answered read:
"What was the nature of the of
fense?"
The guard wrote:
"Settin' down."
"What was the cause?"
"Tired," wrote the culprit.
"Have you any explanation to offer?"
said the merciless blank.
"Hevvy body, small feat," was the
triumphant answer.
Naive and to the point, to say the
least of it.
The Ariyrlan Call to Ulnner.
The Javanese people at the world's
fair call the whole Javanese village to
dinner by beating a tin fish with a big 4
mallet. But the Assyrians have a
queerer way than this It does not ]
look so odd, but it sounds funnier.
When it is time for the Assyrian din- a
ner, and we shall hear some day what i
a queer diner it is. the cook's as
sistant takes a long pipe which looks 1
something like a flute and blows upon i
it. The pipe has several different a
sounds or notes which are the most
mournful of any that you can imagine, I
and they are also what we would call 1
sadly out of tune. The .trumpeter l
blows as hard as he can unon the pipe, I
making all the different notes as quick- a
ly as he can, and then winding up on I
one long, sad one. It sounds very droll I
to call people to dinner to such mourn- 1
ful music.
Tamas is mnya dynamiter who is afraid I
to give his lethr-t law s bl9wlig up- i
TZ hltiUa s
the GOING TO THE FAIT.
Tish With a pocket full of money
"And a gripeeck full of clothes,
the And with a kodak loaded
mild- For most anything that shows
etial And with enthusiasm
that That is wy beyond compare,
I'm going to Chicago
Disy, To be "In it" at the fair.
a 'll gaze on greater wonders
S Than were ever dreamt before
and The world in past and present
each I am going to explore.
And all its rarest treasures
the Will appear before my eyes.
Which were, I wish, as many
hing As are given to the flies.
lost.
fled Among the straqgest people
In their native streets I'll ge
'Mong dwarfs from darkest Africa
And frozen Esquimaux;
Like in the ancient fairy tales
I'll visit every land
"From Greenland'sa cy mountains
To India's coral strand."
I'll gain so much of knowledge
That forever I will be
A bright eneyelopedia
In high society:
And folks will crowd around me
When there's silver in my hair
To listen to the story
Of Chicago and her fair.
What care I for the trouble
Or discomfort or expense
When nfty million dollars' worth
I'll see for fifty cents:
To miss that .iggest thing on earth
Would be a lasting crime
o sm going to Chicago
If it takes my bottom dims
The railroad trains are crowdet
And the ocean ships are crammer
S The highways are with carriages
And bicycles all jammed;
The lakes, canals anti rivers
Haven't any room to spare
For allthe world is going
S .o Chicago and her fair.
" At least a million pocketbools
a Brimmed full of ready cash,
th wo million Saratoga trunks
t For baggagemen to smash,
And countless bulging gripsacks
S Packed with the greatest cares.
Are going to Chicaso
a To boom along the fair.
Hoo-ray, then. for Columbusl
e Three tigers for his fairl
a I'm going to Chicago
ior If I must use Shank's mare;
I'll reast my eyes on wonder,,
With knowledge fll my brain,
And proud I'll tell the story
'id- When I am home again.
eir -tH. C. Dodge, in Goodall's Sun
THE GUARD IS WORSTED.
sir. Trotter Asks a Question ami S i
Brought Up Sharp.
'Can this be love?"
Tenderly gazing down into the limpid
eyes of Agatha Swoggles, whose fluffy
bang rose and fell regularly on her t
throbbing temples, Vernon Trotter
asked himself this question while he i
took a clandestine hitch at his suspend- .
er e
About the couple lay the strange vil
lages of the Midway Plaisance,shimmer
ing in the moonlight. Low songs of night e
birds came to their ears in dreamy ca- 1
dences, mellowed by distance and the
warm night wind which greatly stirred
the leaves above their heads. Happy e
in sweet soul communion, Agatha and v
k Vernon gave no thought to their en
vironments nor to the depressing fact
that the morrow would bring toil, P
wheat cakes and bad Sixty-third street i
coffee. A long-drawn sigh was the n
only answer from the girl to the mur- b
mured query of her idol. V
Words could not express the sweet p
restfulness which overflowed her heart e
as she trustingly burrowed her little t
head into his shirt front. No word es- '
caped her lips and for some moments A
the youth gazed at her with eyes in
which the love lights shone, straining T
his ears to catch a sound. But his ears
y stood the strain and returned to their
" normal position, for the girl spoke not.
s An awful fear beset the heart of Ver
non, causing him to start and gasp, fe
while he clasped still closer to him the e
1e beloved burden within his arms. Could at
" it be, he thought, that he had been mis- of
taken? No, that could not be, for he o0
so was a Columbian guard. Why, then, m
i- this silence which echoed across the tt
d Plaisance and died away into the sum- T
. mer night? Again the youth leaned ti:
S down close to her face-so close that it
l. her face-powder made delicate tracery ni
a upon his ear. Gazing into her eyes, he ra
S said again: "Can this be love?"
h At this the young girl started. A 01
u gleam shot into her eyes, lighting up
the darkness for eleven feet around, es
and she said: "Well, it seems to that if ce
I had been monkeying around as long ca
as you have I'd know whether it was or fc
not, without asking any foolish ques- be
e tions."--Chicago News.
GO INTO THE GALLERIES.
e People Who Do Not Climb the Stairs Miss m
SMart Fine Exhiblts. re
V Up to the present time it has ap- hi
peared as if there was some danger that O
in the immensity of space that the m'
sightseer has to cover at the fair, the M
galleries of the big buildings would be ar
neglected. Since the crowds have be- CO
gun to arrive and the attendance has in
run up to the hundred thousand mark,
people have found out that there is
much to be seen above ground, and be
have climbed the stairs in search of new
marvels with as much energy as theyth
Shave displayed in going from one build- th
ing to another. an
Still exhibitors in the galleries are is
dlined to complain that the masses pass co
them by, and ask for better means of
a transportation from the floors to the hi
galleries. They suggest signs pointing of
out the way and .stating what can be sh
found above. The chief of the trans- of
Sportation department has promised his ca
exhibitors more elevators and the ad-ti
ditional attraction of a band on wet -
Safternoons. hal
Theseapeople who hurry through a pol
building without diverging from the for
Smain avenue on the loor make a great Ea
mistake In the assignment of space it afi
was impossible to plsece all the best ex- Cle
hibits in the most prdminent parts of qui
the buildings, and in most of the ex- tof
hibit halls as much can be seen by tak ter
uing a side aisle or walking through the the
gallery, as in the crush of visitors on Cle
the main avenues. Especially is this com
true in the Transportation building, far
where the whole of the bicycle exhibit ant
is installed in the gallery, and a vast pa
number of models of engineering works, A
and curious examples of boates szt4 a' Btn
srige can be e1ma sa
DEMOORATIC POLICIES.
A Party That stands for the plest matrw
eats of the People.
The early summer diversion of the
Washington correspondents of framing
"policies" for the administration in ad
vance of the meeting of congress, can be
reduced to a scientifle and much more
satisfactory basis by giving heed to the
simple eanons of democratic belief
which the guessers are inclined to ig
nore altogether. Democracy is not the
party of opportunism, and when it is in
control of affairs it is possible to antici- 1
pate within general lines its probable
action by a reference to its creed. The 1
democratic platform of 1892 was as
clean-cut and positive a statement of
the purposes of the party as a political
party ever has frame4 or ever can frame, t
and the party intends, as far as possi- 1
ble, to carry out those purposes. They I
cannot all be attained in a~ earor in two c
years, but progress toward those ends
will be steady.
The general purpose of democracy t
was formulated many years ago by s
Samuel J. Tilden in words which are as
pertinent to the present as they weaor
to the occasion which called them forth.
and we believe that they give the key I
to a knowledge of the general aims of s
the administration in the legislation af- i
fecting industry.and the medium of ex- p
change, which it will favor. Said Mr. t
Tilden:
"The whole progress of society consists in
learning how to attain, by the independent ac
tion or voluntary association of individuals,
those objects which are at first attempted only a
through the agency of government, and in les ti
seing the sphere of legislation and enlarging d
that of the individual reason and conscience.
Our American institutions have recognized this O
Idea more completely than it has yet been ree
ognized by the institutions of any other people, ci
and the democratic party has generally been a
the faithful guardian of its progressive devel
opment In most of the great practical ques
tions of our time it has opposed the interfer- a
ence of government, even for the best objects;
and because it was sollcitous for those objects. p
has preferred to trust them to wiser, safer and
more eticient agencies Devoted to the rights
of our American industry, which is now begin
ang to fill the world with the renown of its n
achievements, It has refused to direct its applt
cation by prohibitory or protective tariffs, pre- t
ferring that each man should judge how he can
make his own labor most productive, and o
trusting for the aggregate result to those nat- et
ural laws which enable everyone of our city w
population daily to choose his food, and yet e
furnish buyers for everything that has been
provided beforehand. Claiming a good currency
for the people, and well regulated exchanges, ti
It has discarded a national bank, and seeks to
2s put these great interests under the guardian- m
ship of the laws of trade. Friendly to the
modern machinery of travel and transport- o
d which, by cheapening the interchange of prod- tl
nets of different soils and climates, has in or- ec
Ey fet added fertility to the one sad goenality to
er the other-it has opposed internal improve
ar ments by the general government and prohb- 00
S ted loans of state credit and money in aid of af
railroads. Asserting the Ireedom of voluntary wl
d- association it has refused speelal charters and
established general laws of incorporation. On
1. all these questions-which have largely occu- RC
pied the public attention for a generation-be- di
cause the democratic party has favored the
It ends it has rejected the means by which large
a. parties and many good men have erroneously
e sought to promote them" he
id The prosperity of the country is the Ga
end which tho democratic party has in
vd iew, and because it has that end in be
view it cannot "come to the relief of foi
the market" or offer to bolster up this of
particular industry or that particular ni'
interest. The withdrawal of govern- an
mental interference as much as possi- evi
ble from their affairs is what the people cia
voted for when they gave the democratic ag
st party entire control of the federal gov
,t ernment, and that withdrawal will be
the basis of all the "policies" which the
administration will propose.-Albany
a Argus. the
n M'KINLEY IS ENTERED. so
-1I
SThe "Little Napoleon" Has His Eye on -
a the Presidentisl Chair. an
r There is nothing attractive in the tio
governorship of Ohio save as a man in
may use it as Rutherford Hlayes used it pm
4 for the advancement of his own politi
cal fortunes. No chief executive of any tra
state in the union is so entirely shorn as
of power as the chief magistrate of ouj
O Ohic. Many of the duties ordinarily Cle
assigned to the executive are denied by
e the constitution of Ohio.to its governor'. th
The governor of Ohio has the ines- exi
timable happiness of appointing a lim- der
t ited number of notaries public and of one
e appearing upon occasions of public pa- sta
rade at the head of a brilliant'staff any Pre
ono of whom is as well compensated by
L Ohio as himself. syl
S Gov. McKinley has been the chief uni
executive of Ohio for two years. He ins
cannot be in love with the place be- the
cause of itself. He is again a candidate nor
r for the position and it is asserted in his in t
behalf that he is the candidate of a exa
united republican party, having reached Wo
the position by address and single
mindedness where he compels the Sher- me
min and Foraker fighting force to sur- find
reisder their cause of strife and give luI
hits their support., The close vote in
Ohio last fall probably contributes Ane
more than any personal address of Gov. pas
McKinley to the bringing about of this and
armed neutrality upon the part of the wvhe
contending factions and faction leaders pro~
In Ohio. trac
But what does the renomination of
William McKinley mean? If it shall al
be followed by his election he will be- thai
come the most conspicuous candidate of dr
the republican party in the ttin for na
the nomination of that party 1896, whi
Sand until he shall fail, as Sherman has thrc
failed uniformly, he will bring to the are
convention that peculiar Ohio suppgrt thai
which John Sherman always enjoyed. tent
Mr. McKinley asks the republican party be r
of Ohio to reelect him to the governor- raid
ship in order that he may ha* a roign bine
of vantage whence he may make his
canvass for the presidential nomina
tion.--Chicago Times. pvn
-Disclosures of the scandalous tion
habits which prevailed in the social and he
political circles of the queein's court af- who
ford perfect reasons for a change of the tory
Hawaiian government, but they do not McB
affect the problem of annexation. Mr. nom
Cleveland's conduct of the ann~ation to sa
question is a lesson to the world Heroe- eial
tofore nations have grabbed after new the
territory with the ill manners and ingl
thoughtlessness of children. Mr. renc
Cleveland has acted on the theory that by "
connection with the United States is a noth
favor which another nation should seek until
and that a proposition mtst be accom- McE
paniod with unexceptionable reasons. Wha
A people which come under United have
itates institutions gain more than they yet.
man poetaly gstren-jease Vity Th'eau sigh1
A POLITICAL RESURRECTION.
(;i Gv. McKinley Comnes to Life at the ~.
Iambus Convention.
the Nothing is plainer than the fact that
Ing Maj. McKinley made his speech before
ad- the Ohio republican convention as a
be candidate for the presidential nomina
re tion in 1896. It was clearly the drag
*e net of a politician who has set his am
ief bition upon the leadership of his party
ig- in the next presidential campaign, and,
he from the scum on the top to the mire
in at the bottom, it seined the waters of
ci- the political pond.
ble The governor, not in the least abashed
he by the knowledge that he was the spon
as sor for the policy which resulted in the
of crushing defeat of his party last No
sal vember, is the first to step forward to
ee ask that its standard be placed in his
si- bands in thelhext contest; and in doing
ey this he leaves none of the resorts of the
rO demagogue unused.
ds Painting an exaggerated picture of
the condition of the country, which, by
cy the way, is the legacy of the republic
by an party, he denounces the democratic
as party because it has not already brought
e reliet
b. Proclaiming that if the democratic
ey president will announce his purpose to
of adhere to the republican financial pl
if- icy confidence will be restored and
- prosperity be assured, he denounces
r. that president for not entering at once '1
upon a different policy. a
in Abusing President Cleveland because e
L he has not declared his intention to call ii
17 an extra session of congress. he ignores ii
s- the publicly-declared intention of Presi- b
°S dent Cleveland to call an extra session A
of congress. V
k. Indicting the democratic party be- fa
e., cause it has not made good the prom- si
in ises of its platform, he condemns the ti
a democratic party because it proposes to T
r- make good those promises, t]
; Repudiated overwhelmingly by the al
. people of the country as a tarif maker, sa
he preaches to them that he is the only tI
y. living tariff god. and that all who do Il
as not believe in him shall be damned. ci
-t Excoriating the democrats because fe
they intend to carry out the principles h,
n of their platform, he pats the demo- w
t crats on the .back and invites them to cc
T vote for him, because he says they have si
n repented since the election and do not cc
y intend to carry out the principles of th
m, their platform. m
o Responsible more than any other one th
man for the present unsettled condition
of industry and commerce, he poses as be
i- the one man who should dictate our le
r- economic policy. fe
0 Saying all he can to create a lack of tb
Soconfidence in the patriotism, honesty fa
t and intelligence of the administration r
7 which must direct the government, he at
prates platitudes about the duty of all
good citizens to help inspire faith and Fs
dispel apprehension.
° Committing himself to wholesale
° pension jobbery, he slanders without
' hesitation Washington, Jefferson and
Garfield.
1 Gov. McKinley, estimable as he may m
a be as a man, must now be looked upon
f for the next three years as a politician l
of the carnivorous, gramnivorous, om
nivorous stripe. What a commotion H
among the woodcocks would be caused, tog
even as the deliverance of such a politi- ab
cian, if the last woodcock had not long wa
ago fled from Ohio!-Louisville Courier
Journal. be
NOTES AND COMMENTS, sec
-The republicans of Iowa went at am
the gubernational boom of Col. Clark- su
son so savagely that it died "a bornin. sin
-Detroit Free Press. a d
---Gov. McKinley says the republic- go
an party " 'was organized in convic- ow
tion." Well, it was also disorgamnized w
in conviction. Let the sentence be
passed.-N. Y. World. I
- If Gov. McKinley's state adminis- ci
tration is an illustration of his abilities
as a political economist, how much bit
ought his tariff ideas to be worth?- thi
Cleveland Plain Dealer. the
-The record thus far goes to show th
that President Cleveland is much more b
expert as a fisherman than is ex-Presi- s
dent Harrison. As to duck-shooting
one seems to be about as much of a co
statesman as the other.-Detroit Free
Press. to
- Senator Quay warns the Penn- in
sylvania republicans that only men of
unblemished character should be nom- ove
inated for office. As a reminiscence of
the Delamater campaign and a calm ig
noring of his own lack of qualification kee
in the matter of character this is a fine the
example of a adamantine cheek.-N. Y. who
WVorl.
--The strongest words of com
mendation which Gen. Grosvenor could foi
find to say of the McKinley bill at Co
lumbus were that "it is the nearest ap- A
proach to free trade we have ever had." boa
And this of a measure which was The
passed avowedly "to check imports," beli
and which is the platform of the party higl
whose-war cry is that the democrats foul
propose to ruin the country with free one
trade!-Louisville Courier-JTournaL ine
-Ohio is now agitated over the in- fast
vestigation, in progress, of a charge the
that the funds of the state were largely low
drawn upon last fall to help win the
narrow majoriffiy of ten thousand by
which the republican ticket pulled
through. Very damaging developments
are already reported, and it is promised
that any lingering doubts as to the rot
tenness of the state administration will
be removed. It looks like a wholesale
raid on the treasury for the republican
-Gov. McKinley, whom the re mad
publicans nominated at Columbus, feels eigh
very bad over the unsatisfactory condi- air
tion of the country. It is natural that of
he should. If there is any one man the
wbho is responsible for the ngatisfac- i f
tory state of afairs that man is William the
McKinley. In his speech-accepting the it at
nomination the other day he attempted no
to shift the responsibility for the fnan- wei
eial stringency on to the shoulders of ba
the present administration, disregard- the
ing the fact that the tarif and the cur and
rency are just as the republicans-lead The
by Gov. McKinley-left them, and that haw
nothing can be done to change them -
until congress assembles But Gov.
McKinley don't believe all that he said. who
Whatever shortcomings or frailties time
have been nimputed to him, no one has LE
yet charged him with being a doww grow
sight footW~ago Herald poult
"" THE FARMING WORLD. I
Co
MODEL HOG HOUSE.
It Can Be Bllt for a Trfle Over Two
ruaadred Dollars
as a The accompanying Illustration shows
the door plan of a hog house which I
am- have used two years. The building is
entirely of pine lumber. The sills are
nd, 8x6 inches; foor joist, 2x8 inches; floor,
bId 1-inch board. Two extra sills are
of laid nearly under the alley partitions
and entend the whole length of the
shed building. These are not mortised into
the end sills, but are laid under them,
the supporting the floor joist in the center,
and the whole rests on blocks of stone.
dto
his
ing Y Y Y Y
,fc- 0 X D
atio
pol
A MSODEL IIO HIOUtE.
nie The sides and ends are boarded upright
and battened with 3-inch battens. The
use roof is made of grooved roofing and 6
rall inch battens. The walls inside are
ires lined up 21 feet for warmth. The
esi- building is 56 feet long and 26 feet wide.
ion A is mam generator, B B B barrels for
water and cooked feed, P pens 8x10
be- feet. Y yards. The 5 pens on the south
nm- side are divided by partly movable par
the titions and are used for fattening hogs.
Ito The troughs are placed directly under
the partition between the pens and the
tbs alley, and a door 20 inches high and the 3
:er, same length as the trough hangs to r
sly this partition, the door having a sliding
do latch with which it may be fastened to
either side, excluding hogs until the n
ese feed is in place. From X to the right I
lea hand end of the house (32 feet) the
nr- whole floor slopes 6 inches, and this I
to consider the fine point in my plan, A
wve since by using hose or cave spouting in
lot connection with the water supply at C,
of the floor can be easily washed, and the d
manure with the liquid be pushed 14
ne through the shute at WV, and caught in a
on a tight box placed on a sled or stone I
as boat and removed to the field. The al- t
'r ley is 6 feet wide, D D are doors four t
feet wide, G G are grain bins. With r
of this house I am ready for my sows to fi
ity farrow any time after the 15th of Feb- ti
on ruary. The cost of the building was o
he about $25 with lumber at $18 to $22 ti
mU per thousand.--Cor. Orange Judd i
ad Farmer. ft
6o TO MAKE HENS LAY.
t A Few Simple Rules for (Getting and Keep
Ing Eggs.
It is one thing to keep eggs, but it is
sy much harder to get them.
At least so it used to seem to me till I
tn learned the secret. It is easy enough
to make hens lay, once you know how.
Here is the rule. A little soft food, hot
i- for breakfast, as early as you can get
about it, for hens are early risers and
want their breakfast the first thing.
'r For dinner, wheat, barley, oats or
buckwheat. Scatter where they may
scramble for it, and if they have to
scratch half the afternoon to make
k- sure that they have not overlooked a
~ single kernel, so much the better. And
a dash of corn, hot in cold weather, to
go to roost on. They should not be
overfed and must have clean water al
ways near.
If they can run at large in the sum
mer, they will eat grass and get exer
cise while scratching for worms. pr
In winter, chop them all the cabbage HE
h and onion refuse, apple cores and even ini
bits of potatoes. In fact, any green na
thing and a dash of cayenne pepper in gri
the morning feed will stimulate laying. are
Plenty of dust for baths, pounded is
bones for shell making and a dust of the
sulphur in the nests will make the liens the
g comfortable and insure eggs. eit
~ Now, having them, they are not hard sta
to preserve. Bring them in fresh, set
in salt, small end down, fill the box,
- fasten the cover tight and turn the box
over, once in a week or so.
,f Keep the boxes in a cool dry place.
The secret of this is, that an egg will sni
n keep if the temperature is cool, and at
e the continual turning keeps the yolk it
where it ought to be.-Home. jar
DOUBLE-BOARD COOP. th
d How to Make One Suitable for Two tw
N Broods of Chicks. gel
- A reader sends us a plan of a double- on
board coop, for two broods of chicks. sni
s The coop is four feet square, the back inc
' being eighteen inches high, and the moi
V highest point (center) being twenty- can
s four inches. It slopes in front from and
a one foot high at the center to two niti
inches. In the illustration, A is a sash, T
- fastened with hinges to the front of Idi
a the coop (B). the sash being raised or salt
Slowered as desired. This sash may be and
eighths-inch mesh, to allow warmthill
of arranging i center board between t
the two brood The frame of the cooP a
is fastened to thire loor with hingof about seven- tea
eighths-ine ack part, so ah, to allow of raisingrmth, l.
ir and light to enter, andback also, it do allow chic
snould be used in the sash. If the
weather is severe, cover the sash with
boards on tarrel paper. C and D show
the unpper and lower sides of the coop,
and E the two-inch board in front. ort
The coop protects against rats, eats, cupe
hawks, etc.-Farm and Fireside. o
c I wOULDN'T give much for that man the I
who doesn't feel a thrill of joy every to b
time he reaches the top of a hilL mesm
beat
LETTrUCw-have plenty of .lettuce lay,
grown for aruner feeding to onllsed eggs
poultry,
1D. HOG-RAISING NOTES.
Sew to Make the P'ork Inlustry Both
Pleasant and Profitable.
The first item to be considered in
Two raising hogs for profit is good breeding
stock. Carefully select your sows,
owe which should be of medium size, deep
h I and well sprung body, heavy hams and
g is shoulders, legs of medium length with
are a medium but not coarse bone, and the
oor, other parts as good as you can possibly
are get them. Then use only thoroughbred
ions boars who have as near as possible all
the the good qualities that your sows
nto may lack. You now have the founda
em. tion laid for a good crop of easily fatted
ter, pigs.
sne. At farrowing time watch your sows
and prevent as far as possible the loss
of any pigs at that critical moment.
Feed the sow very lightly for the first
day or two after farrowing; then feed
abundantly of good milk-producing
foods such as middlings, oats, milk and
a little corn. If in summer let the sow
D have all the grass she wants. If winter.
some roots should be fed, such as arti
chokes, potatoes or beets.
As soon as the pigs begin to eat
feed them some soaked oats, corn or
wheat, and by all means keep them
growing, always remembering that the
pig as well as any other animal makes
its growth out of what it gets to eatt.
ght The pigs should have all the grass
The they want to eat; clover or blue grass
16- the best, also a little grain should be is
are fed from the time they begin to eat
the until you wish to finish them off for
ide. market; then corn is your best and
for cheapest fattener. Feed liberally, reg
x10 ularly all they will eat up clean and,
uth when they are thoroughly fat, selL
ar- Keeping a hog after it is thoroughly
fat is nearly always keeping at a lossto
er the feeder.
the Never try to raise more hogs than
the you can raise right. Do not rely too
to much on the breed; remember that the
ing blood only wives you the frame and good
to feeding qualities in the pig. You must
he make the hog.-Jacob %V. Smith, in
Fht Farm, Field and Fireside.
HAYSTACK PLATFORM.
in, Almost Indlspensable for Proper Topping
in of a Stack.
C, When hay or fodder is stacked out of
he doors the pitching up of the last two
ed loads is attended with extremely heavy
in straining work by the man on the load.
ne From this cause stacks are too often
al. topped out and called finished before
our they are high enough to properly shed
ith rain. The accompanying engraving
to from a sketch by L. D. Snook shows a
mb- temporary platform which will aid in
'as overcoming these difficulties. When
122 the stack has reached the height to
dd which a man can conveniently pitch
from the bottom of the load, two
smooth poles are laid parallel crosswise
across the top of stack, one end left
is
LI A
th
ot
ct
e Half a load of hay is thrown upon the
n inner end of rails, and a few boards
n nailed on the projecting ends. To give
n greater strength props from the ground
are nailed to the outer edge. The hay
d is then pitched upon the platform, and
f thence to the stack. When finished
s the boards are removed, and the poles
either left in po.-ition or pulled out of
l stack.-American Agriculturist.
TO KILL PARASITES.
SHow One Farmer Rids His Stock of Lice
and Disease.
To kill ticks on sheep I buy a ball of
snuff or enough to go over all the sheep
at once. I cut the snuff and pulverize
it on a newspaper and put it in a glass
jar. I take the jar, a large pepper box
and a tablespoon and dip the snuff from
the jar into the pepper box half or
two-thirds full, then I take the sheep
gently, lay heron her side, put my knee
on her head, open the wool and shake
snuff on the skin in places three or four
inches apart, and close the wooL I put
more of the snuff around the neck be
cause the nits hatch under the neck,
and in about three days the ticks and
nits will be a sorry looking family.
To cure the colic or stretches in sheep
I dissolve two tablespoonfuls of Epsom
salts in about a half pint of warm water
Sand add one teaspoonful of essence of
peppermint. I give it through a small
funnel and in about two hours the sheep
will be all right. If she doesn't get well
in two hours I repeat the dose.
To kill lice on cattle I take about a
pint of kerosene and rub it all over the
cow with a woolen cloth, then card
against the grain and with grain. It is
a sure cure.
To cure warts on cows I wash the
teats before milking and rub on castor
oil. It limbers the teats. For gapes in
chickens, prevention is better than
cure. When we set the hens we put
air-slacked lime and sulphur in the
nests and keep clean water before
them.-Thomas Smith, in Our Grange
Homes.
Rennga the Layers.
* When the hens begin to fall off in
eggs it is best for them to sit for a week '•"
or two. It is 4ature's dliethod of re-
euperation, antfa hen i prevented
from sitting she will lay but few eggs
before she may begin sitting again. It
the hens are to be invigorated and made
to begin laying again, feed thean a large
mess of lean meat once a day. It is the
best of all methods for making thehen
lay, and it is cheap bec~adae it produees
eggs eaough )q mor ) sata p.y So