THE GAZETTE.
.Suscerilion Price, : $r Per Year
Dr. Irion, of Opelousas, was in
Lafayette Saturday.
Baxter Clegg made a flying trip
to Royville Tuesday morning.
. Sidney and Alfred Mouton at
tended the fair at Mauriceville
Sunday.
The Gazette is fully equipped to
do all kinds of job work. Prices
reasonable.
Miss Lou Gardiner, of Grand Co
teau, was visiting friends in Lafa
yette last week.
Fine stationery for polite cor
respondence can always be found at
Moss Bros. & Co's.
Judge C. H. Mouton, of St. Mar
tinville, was in Lafayette this week
on a visit to relatives.
Mr. Sidney Bouchard and family
moved into the dwelling recently
vacated by Mrs. Frank Meyers.
C. C. Higginbotham has returned
to Lafayette and will open a barber
shop in A. M. Martin's building on
the avenue.
Messrs. Jno. Vigneaux, Jos. A.
Chargois, Emile Romero and H. D.
Guidry attended the fair at Maurice
ville last Sunday.
Mr. Jeanmard, of Breaux Bridge,
was in Lafayette this week. He was
the guest of his son, Charles Jean
mard of the Advertiser.
General Manager Van Vleck,
Superintendent Owens and C. C.
Mallard of the Southern Pacific Co.
were in Lafayette this week.
There will be a sacred concert in
the Catholic church at St Martin- I
ville on March r. The Gazette re
turns thanks for complimentary
tickets.
Captain Pharr, Hardy, Brian. W.
Bailey and Jim Wilkinson passed
through Lafayette Thursday on their
way to St. Landry, where they were
billed for two meetings.
Mrs. H. A. Kennedy and daugh
ter, Mrs. J. J. Davidson, returned
Saturday last from New Orleans.
Mrs. Kennedy will be a guest at the
Davidson home a couple of months.
Hon. Robt. Martin, president of
the Bank of St. Martinville and a
leading member of the legal fra
ternity, was in Lafayette Sunday
and Monday. While in town Mr.
Martin paid us a visit.
You can feel certain of getting a'
fit in eye-glasses or spectacles from
Moss Bros. & Co's. large strck.
$2.50 pays for a pair of the best
lenses to be had, but they have
them as low as 25 cents a pair.
Cards are out announcing the
marriage of Mr. Max Marcus and
Miss Jennie Ranson, both of Ester
wood. The ceremony will take
place on March 4, at the residence
of Mr. A. Labe in this town.
If you like the odor of sweet vio
lets as it comes from the flower it
self, get a bottle of the "true to na
ture" handkerchief extract of violets
sold at the Moss Pharmacy, where
is kept a complete stock of toilet
exquisites of superior quality.
All persons needing shoes will
. save money by purchasing them
4from Moss Bros. & Co's. baigain
:counters. Prices have been cut in
'half to close out a few pairs remain
ing on hand, of several different
styles of ladies', misses and chil
dren's shoes.
In our issue of the z5th instant
%we callled attention to the fact that
"our venerable friend of the Ist
ward, Hon. Alexandre Delhomme,
was ill-abed, but we are pleased to
hear he is much better and will soon
Sbe enjoying his fo:mer good health.
SA Among the friends who have made in
Sq"uiries as to Mr. Delhomme's health
Sone aptly remarked that a political
Sfight in this parish without the old
gentleman would be like the play of
Hamlet with the Dane left out.
Mr. VW. F. Hassell, of Corpus
Christi, Texas, is in our city for the
purpose of instituting a subordinate
lodge of the Ancient Order of Uni
ted Workmen, one of the oldest of
all the fraternal societies; its age is
s28, and its membership very near
35o,ooo. The mission of the so
ciety is to unite man to man in the
bonds of fraternal friendship, atid
to pay to the orphans and widows
of its deceased members the sum of
$iooo. Its plan of operation is sim
ple and one that can be readily un
dersctood, and presents many fea
tures that must commend them
selves at a glance to those desirous
of financial protection for their
The Special Tax.
Mayor Moss has issued a procla
mation calling an election for Mon
day the 23d of March at which the
tax-payers of this corporation will
be expected to say whether or not
they are in favor of the proposed
five-mill tax for a term of ten years.
If the tax is carried Lafayette will
have, at an early day, water works
and electric lights. If it is defeated
these two very desirable improve
ments will be postponed indefinitely.
If the people vote against the tax
the town will receive a serious blow
If Uthey take a wiser view
and vote for it the results will be the
opposite. That water works and
electric lights are needed there is no
question, and that the only way to
get them is to pay for them it is
equally certain. Now, taxation is
the only fair and available way of
raising the funds necessary and it is
fos the purpose of finding out if the
people are willing to be taxed that
the election has been ordered. It
is useless to speak of the desirabil
ity of water works and electric
lights as it is generally conceded
that no town of any pretensions can
afford to remain long without them.
The defeat of the tax will be a step
backward while its adoption- will be
an unfailing promise of bet
ter times. It is not neces
sary to dwell upon the beneficial re
sults that will flow from a system of
water works and electric lights.
Every qualified voter is acquainted
with them. The Gazette feels con
fident that there will be an unani
mous vote cast in favor of the tax.
St. Joseph's Day.
7 he Business Men's Association
will give a ball on St. Joseph's day. 1
With the aid of a number of gentle
men, headed by Mr. A. T. Ailing
ham, a parade will be gotten up for
the occasion. The floats have al
ready been secured and the work of
designing and decorating will soon
be commenced. Dr. F. E. Girard
and Mr. H. Van der Cruyssen went
to New Orleans Wednesday morn
ing for the purpose of procuring the I
material necessary to decorate the
floats. Nothing will be left undone
to mrke this celebration a brilliant
success. A number of young men I
have offered their services to the com
mittee and no pains will be spared
in carrying the project to a success
ful termination. The ball promises
to be one of the finest ever given in
Lafayette, as the association is de
termined to make it so.
NOTE-Just before going to press we
were informed that this celebration his bee n
postponed and will take place on the fourth
of July.
W~anted in St. MIary.
Deputy Sheriff Frere arrived here
Monday atd returned to Franklin
having in custody two negroes,
Charles Codburn and Bill Williams,
wanted for burglary, and Jno.
O'Connor, a white man, believed to
be the party who broke open a car
in St. Mary parish a few days since.
These parties were captured by
Sheriff Broussard.
In a recent editorial the Salem,
Oregon, Independent says: "'Timei
and again have we seen Chamber- I
lain's Cough Remedy tried and nev
er without the most satisfactory re
sults. Whenever we see a person
afflicted with hoarseness, with a
cough or cold, we invariably advise
them to get Chamberlain's Cough
Remedy; and when they do, they
never regret it. It always does the
work, and does it well." For sale
by all druggists..
It is with the deepest sorrow that
we have to chronicle the death of
Mr. S. F. Simpson, who died on the
19th instant at his home in Lafayette
of heart failure. He died suddenly
just after entering his home. Mr.
Simpsoni was aged 70; was a most
thorough and courteous gentleman
of most refined tastes and instincts;
a man of spotless integrity, and re
spected by all who knew him. He
had lived in this section for over 40
years and endeared himself to the
entire community by his many no
ble and christian virtues; had re
sicded in Lafayette for the last 20
years, having been postmaster for
one term under Cleveland's first ad
ministration, and assistant post
master for another term under Har
rison's administration, where he
gave perfect satisfaction by his faith
ful and upright discharge of duty
and maintained to the last the re
spect and love for all. He leaves a 4
wife, two sons and two daughters
to mo,urn his sudden and untimel
death. To the family we extend
our heartfelt sympathy. Rest in
peace. A FRIEND.
-Breaux Bridge Valley.
The exposure to all sorts and
conditions of weather that a lumber
man is called upon to endure in the
camps often produces severe colds
which, if not promptly checked, re
sult in congestion or pneumonia.
Mr. J. O. D)avenport, ex-manager
of the Fort Bragg Redwood Co., an
inmcnse institution at Fort Bragg,
Cal., says they sell large quantities
of Chamberlain's Cough Remedy at
the company's store and that he has
himself used this remedy for a se
vere cold and obtained immediate
relief. This medicine prevents any
tendency of a cold toward pneu
monia and insures prompt recovery.
For sale iby all druggists.
An Address.
LAFAYETTE-, La., Feb. 24, 1896.
To the Democrats of Lafayette Parish:
The delegates selected at the
Democratic Mass meeting held at
the Court-house of this parish on
the 21st instant to represent you at
the Democratic Senatorial conven
tion at New Iberia on the 22d in
stant to nominate a candidate for
senator, have, in view of what tran
spired at said convention, appointed
us, the undersigned members, as a
special committee to make a state
ment of the position taken by the
delegation showing thereby the man
ner in which they have carried out
your instructions:
At the mass meeting at which the
delegation was selected, the follow
ing resolutions were passed:
"Resolved, That we, the Democ
racy of Lafayette parish in mass
meeting assembled, arc unalterably
oppoied to the adoption of the Con
stitutional amendment on the quali
fication of the right of suffrage, and
appeal to all good Democrats to
join us in defeating it at the polls at
the election in April, x896; and we
hereby instru-t the delegates chosen
at this mass meeting -to not vote for
any one as the nominee for the sen
ate, of not opposed to said amend
ment."
"Be it further resolved, that we
are in favor of the free and unlimit
ed coinage of silver at sixteen to
one, independently and without the
concurrence of any other nation;
and.hereby positively instruct our
delegates this day chosen to not vote
for any one as nominee for the
Senate unless in favor of this prin
ciple, and further that he vote for a
United States Senator in favor of
the free and unlimited coinage of
silver at said ratio, free and inde
pendent of other nations."
Construing the above resolutions
as positive and mandatory, your
delegation, in whose hands the trust
was confided, with an eye single
to the sacredness of their mission as
the servants or agents of their con
stituents, after consultation, deter
mined that their first duty was to
carry out your instructions, regard
less of other considerations.
The following, omitting details,
is a correct statement of what took
place:
Of the thirty-one delegates se
lected to represent the parish, twen
ty-eight were present.
The permanent organization of
the convention being effected, Judge
Fred L. Gates, of Iberia, and James
Simon, Esq., of St. Martin, were
placed in nomination. Several bal
lots having been taken, and no
nomination having been effected,
Mr. Simon's name was with
drawn. The fourth ballot being or
dered, and Judge Fred L. Gates, a
strong adherent of the suffrage
amendrnent, being the on/v one be
fore the convention for the nomina
tion, the chairman of the delegation
explained to the convention, that
being instructed not to vote for any
one favoring the amnendmnent,
and knowing that ludge Gates fa
vored it, the delegates were bound
under their instructions to retire
from the convention, the result of
which would leave the Democrats
free to vote as each thought proper.
And we retired.
Of the six delegates from St.
Martin, two of them, although not
instructed as your delegation had
been, but voicing the sentiments of
their people, also retired from said
convention.
As apprehended, we heard that
those who remained in the conven
tion nominated Judge Gates for the
senate after we had retired.
Thus we have acted, and submit
same as the manner in which we
have executed your instructions.
Respectfully,
ORTHER C. MOUTON,
A. M. MARTIN,
Jos. DUCOTE,
Committee.
The Old Bark.
Wild Cherry, commanded by Capt
DAVIS, is cruising among the dangerous
shoals of Consumption, readly to save any
who will get aboard. Consumption in its
early stages ran be cured by DAVIs' WVo.Ii
CIIFeeRY AND T"AR. If you have a Cough,
Cold, Asthma, Bronchitis, if the children
have Croup or \Vhoop'ng Cough, DAvis'
VILD CHERRY AND T-AR will cure. 50oc.
and $1t.oo per bottle. 3
Infornuation Wanted.
To the Lafayette Gazette: I
I am informed that the person
who, under the non-de-plume of
-,B. T. P.," questions the Dcmoc
racy of certain gentlemen and calls
Mr. Jos. A. Chargois an ,t)tld
Democratic war-horse" is -I. I)
Guidry. Am I correctly informeld,
Mr. Editor? SL'UBSCRIBER.
The Gazette does not know.
Why suffer with Coughs, Cold and Le.
Grippe when Laxative Bromo Quinine will
cure you in one day. t)oes not produce the
ringing in the head like Sulphate of Quinine.
Put up i, tablets convenient for taking.
Guaranteed to cure or money refunlded.
Price z2 cents. For sale by Wum. Clegg
and Mloss Bros. & Co., Lafayette, La.
A Recomnmesdation Fronm Los
Alngeles.
632 Castelar St. Los ANGE.LES.
Cal.-After having suffered fur a
long time from acute rheunatism
without obtaining relief, I used
Chamnberlain's Pain Balm andi was
almost immceliately relieved. I
highly recommend this as the ,best
medicine known. I). M. H otr.
TON. For sale by all druggists.
Bucklenl's Arnica Salve.
The best salve ill the world for Ctts.
Blruiscs, Sores, Ulcers, Salt Rheumn, lEcvcr
Sorer, Tetter. Chaplped Hlands, Chilblaitns,
Corns, and all Skin lErulption;, ald1 pssi:ively
cures Piles, or no pay required. It is guar
anteed to give perfect satisfaction or mnonty
refunded. Price 25 cents p:C ir,. i:,r
3lasss Ieethixsg.
LAFAYIETIE CuRT lL'outsv, tFeb 21, '96.
Pursuant to call of the Dcemocratc Etxe
cutive commnittee, a large number of D)emo
crats having assembled at the court-house,
Mr. John IIahn, chairman of the Demo
cratic Executive committee of the parish of
Lafayette, called the meeting to order and
after having stated the object of such meet
ing, declared that the election of temporary
officers was il order.
On motion of Mr. Julian Mouton, J. O.
Broussard was elected temporary chairman
and L. G. Stelly seretary.
On motion of Julian Mouton the temr
porary organization was made permanent.
On motion of A. M. Martin, duly carried,
the chair appointed Messrs. A. M. Martin,
Ed G. Voorhies and Jos. W\. Broussard as a
committee on resolutions.
After several addressess to the assem
blage the committee on resolutions reported
as follows:
Resolved, That we. the Democracy of La
fayette parish in mass meeting assembled,
are unalterably opposed to the adoption of
the constitutional amendmnent on the qualifi
cation of the right of suffrage, and appeal to
all good Democrats to join us in defeating it
at the polls at the election of April, t896;
and we hereby instruct the delegates chosen
at this mass meeting to not vote for anyone
as the nominee for the senate if not opposed
to said amendment.
Be it further Resolved, That we are in
favor of the free and unlimited coinage of
silver at sixteen to one, independently and
without the concurrence of any foreign na
tion, and hereby positively instruct our dele
gates this day chosen to not vote for anyone
or nominee for the senate unless in favor of
this principle; and further, that he vote for
a United States senator in favor of the free
and unlimited coinage of silver at said ratio,
free and independent of other nations.
Resolved, T'hat the delegates present cast
the vote of the parish at the Democratic
Senatorial convention to be held at New
Iberia, on Saturday, the 22d day of Febru
ary. 1896, and that the delegates vote as a
unit upon any and all questions.
[Signedj A. M. MARTIN,
ED G. WootRitis,
J. W. Beou;ssArn.
On motion of A. MI. Martin, duly se.ond
ed, the following delegates to the Senatorial
convention were unanimously elected: Si
meon Begnaud, Bazil Sonnier, Jr., Francis
Albarado, Israel Prejean, Lewis WVhittington,
Jr., O. Broussard, O. C. lMouton, Jos. Dlu
cote, I. A. Broussard, Hlenry Durke, Ovey
Savoie, Theodlole O. Broussard, Jr , A.
Olivier, Therence Girouard, Jules E. Lan
glinais, O. P. Guilbeau, 'laurice Francez,
L. G. Stelly, Chas. Landry, Alex Verrot, J.S.
lroussard. Pierre Trahan, Chas. Hlernandez,
J. S. Whittington, Ir., John Roger, Htomer
DtIrio, Hervillein Siimoneaux, Sr., J. Ed
louton, Firmin Guidr) and Sosthene
Breaux.
On motion the name of A. M. Martin was
added.
On mo'tion the meeting then adjourned.
J. O. BitoussARto, Chairman.
L. G. STELLY, Secretary.
Notice of Election.
By virtue of the powers in us vested by
law, and by virtue of the adoption of an
ordinance by the city council of the town of
Lafayette for that purpose according to law
and tihe proclamation of the mayor of said
town, notice is hereby given that an elec
tion will be held in the town of Lafayette,
parish of Lafayette, La., on Monday, the
23d day of March, A. D. 1896, submitting
to the property taxpayers of said town, en
titled to vote under tile general election
laws of this State, the proposition to levy a
special tax of flive mills on every dollar of
the assessed value of the property situated
in said town and subject to taxation therein,
in excess of the limit allowed by law, for a
ter.n of ten years, beginning January Ist,
1S96, for the purpose of procuring, con
structing and operating a water-works and
deectric light system for said incorpoporated
town in conformity to Article 209 of the
constituttion and Act No. 126 of 182.
The election shall be held at the court
hiou::e of tllis parish located ill said town, be
ing the p.ll or precinct therein established
accor:.in to law before the last election; the
polls s:tail be opened froth 6 o'clock a. m.
to 7 m.;that that te ballots to be used at
sailt elction shall be printed or written as
follows: "'F:,r" th'- special tax of live uills
for the term oif ten years, bleginning January
rst, ]i96. for the purpose± of procuring, con
structing an.l opcr.stinig a water-works and
electric light systemn as set forth in petition
of property taxpayers. ''Against" the spec
ial tax of tive mills for the term of ten years,
beginning January 1st, xS95, for the purpose
of psrocuring, constructiinf and operating a
water-works and electric light system.
That the commissioners of election shall
receive the ballots of all property taxpayers
of the town of l.afayctte entitled to vote at
said election under tile laws of the State of
Louisiana, and before depositing the samue in
the ballot box, shall endorse thereon in the
presence of the elector, unless the ballot
shall have been so endorsed, the name of the
voter and thie amloulnt of Ihis assessed prop
erty, and said commissioners shall make re
turns of the numbier of votes and the amount
of the assessed value of the property voted,
for and against, the levy of said special tax.
and otherwise accordsling to law.
The following persons are hereby ap
pointed commissioners to hold said election:
K. C. Creig, J. E. Martin and Alfred lie
bert; clerk of election, Baxter Clegg.
In tstliitny twhev eif \e have affttixed our
official signature. at Lafayelte, La., this
2-th day of :chbruary, A. i). 1896.
II. it iEALL,
ANt IIRe Airx,
sBoard ot Stupervisors of lectiin of l.afayette
Parish, La.
ThIe unique mniniature frog pond
lately designed in the corner shlow
w-intdow of the Mo.ss Pharmacy has
been attracting a great deal of atten
tion from the passers-by and is do
ing some cetective adlvertisement for
L'Frog in Your T'lsroat." TIshis win
dow exhibit has tie merit of being
nloel and original, ailtl as the r in
edy adl'ertisedl is saidl to possess
real valuie in the treatnient of throat
anid lung affectisons it is certain that
the efforts of Mlessrs. Moss Iros.
& Co. to introdlce ''Frog in Your
Throat" to this locality will meet
with good results.
JACK FOR SALE.
--"BLACK JOE."
On my place in Lafayette
parish, one dack, Black doe,
i3 1-2 hands high, 7 years
Sold, perfectly gentle, acclima
ted and tested. Will besold
at a reasonable price.
CHRiiSTil N_ STEINER.
I .sso,' Wi11.i ms tR.. .Ni I.\R will ti1re
-.:i ( , ,I, , l, [ i > ', . , il]  "
By virtue of the power." me vested by
law, and by virtue of the rtion of al:
ordinance by the city council o "e town of
Lafayette for that purpose, ntice t reJy
given that an election will be held f.d y
town of Lafayette, parish of Lafayette, La.,
on Monday, March 23d, 1896, submitting to
I the property taxpayers of said town, entitled
i to vote under the election laws of this State,
the proposition to levy a special tax of Live
mills on every dollar of the assessed value
of all property situated in said town and
subject to taxation therein, in excess of the
limit allowed by law, for a tern of ten
years beginning January Ist, 1896, for the
purpose of procuring, constructing and op
perating a water works and electric light
system for said incorporated town, in con
formity to Article zo9 of the constitution and
Act No. 126 of iSS2.
The election shall be held at the ciourt
house of this parish, located in said town,
and being the poll or precinct established
by law before the last election; the polls
shall be opened from 6 o'clock a. m. until 7
p. m.; the ballots to be used at said election
shall be printed or written as follows: "For"
the special tax of five mills for the term of o
ten years, beginning January 1st, 1896, for ii
the purpose of procurmng, constructing and y
operating a water-works and electric ligh t:
systemn, as set forth in petition of property c
taxpayers. "Against" the special tax of five It
mills for the term of ten years, beginning tl
January 1st, 1896, for the purpose of pro
curing, constructing and operating a water- tl
works and electric light system.
That the commissioners of election shall
receive the ballots of all property taxpayers s
of the town of Lafayette, entitled to vote at
said election under the laws of the State of a
Louisiana, and before depositing the same P
in the ballot box, shall endorse thereon in O
the presence of the elector, unless the ballot
shall have been so endorsed, the name of the a
voter and the amount of his assessed property;
and said commissioners shall make returns of
the number of votes and the amounts of the
assessed value of the property voted, for and
against, the levy of said special tax, and
otherwise, according to law.
The tollowing commissioners will hold A
said election: K. C. Greig, J. E. Martin and
Alfred Hebert; clerk of election, Baxter
Clegg.
In testimony whereof I have affixed my
official signature, at Lafayette, La., this 25th
day of February, 1896. A. J. Moss, o
Mayor of Lafayette. it
SDemand of Administration. t
State of Louisiana-Parish of Lafa- I
yette--7th Judicial District tc
Court-Succession No. tl
2049.
L
Whereas, Constant Leger, of the prrish of al
I.afayette, Administrator of the succession itl
of Ursin Cormier, has filed in said court a Ia
final account and tableau of said succession 1
with a petition praying that the same be ad- gi
vertised according to law and then duly ho- 'l
mologated. And, whereas, the prayer of
said admninistrator has been granted by an
order of said court dated Feb. I, ISg6. -
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given to
all parties interested to file their opposition,
and show cause if any they have, in said T
court within ten days from the publication
of this notice, why the aforesaid final tableau
should not he homnologated.
Given under my official signature hi the
town of Lafayette this Feb. 25, 1896.
W. B. BAILEY, Clerk of Court.
Feb. 29.
Public Sale. i)
Corporation of Lafayette, I
vs. se
Unknown Owner. se
Be it known that by virtue of ordinance of at
August 14, IS93, I will sell at public auc- eit
tion, at the court-house door, on Saturday,
the 14th day of March, A. 1). tS96, between th
legal hours, a red cow and a red heifer,
same having beena impounded under said id
ordinance, and the owner or owners of which nit
I have been unable to ascertain: said stock bh
being now utllpounded at Clemille Trahan's, o
in said corporation, may be seen by anyone N
who t esire. Said stock will be sold for H
cash on the clay of said sale to collect the 11
fine imposed by said ordinance and all costs
of detention. A. L. Htturt,
IFeb. 29, '9G. Constable of .afiayette, -
Before Breeding Elsewhere
)on't fail to See the Trotttng Stallion p:
"LOUIS P."
The Pacing Stallion
"Wnm. R., Jr."
And the Black Jack
" I, E A c."
"" LOUIS P." is one of the best bred horses in
L.ouisiana; has a race record of 2.29 1-4: is stand
ard by breeding and by performance; his damt d
has four colts in the 2.3o list, and his first and
second dams are both in tle great brood mare
lists. ""Louis" is also a game. conoiotcnt race
horse, a model roadster anrd a good sire. Ile
stood in Illinois at r75 for season and in Oleini -
sas at $25. but to encourat e breeding will stand
here at st5 with re:rn privilege. le
""\Wst. I. Jr.." is bred right 1 sired by "Vm R'.. C
2:r5, and his t'irtt d.im is by .-Little .irond tr.
1-e has no record bulis very lart. and will
t!o:ubtless have one low dotn befare the sneasan a
is over. ee, Sno.
THE JACK ix an itnported onea. , hands high, and a
For furthler intornation calti on Sidney V:etrey at -
Lafaettre, or addrees O. J. STOKEBS,
lBreaux Itidde. La.
These horases will m rake one dayl il t: t w, ie :t
Ver.l-ey's Stabhle in i.at ts\-ctte. ihe balance of thre n1.
tme at Ireac:ux Lidgiie. La. 1t
For p'
Lung
Troubles ,
"Seven years ago, mny wife had D
a severe lItng trouble, whlich phy- -
sicians called consuniption. 'I'The i
cough was distressing atn attend- I
ed with spittittg cf blood. As I
doctors did uot help her she triedi
AYER'b i
Cherry Pectoral k
and was strprised at tho relief it
gave. One bIottle of thi:; im,,dti
cine cureti her, and sr slit' ts nIot
the least douit biut Aver's Cherry
rectorai saved hisr Ulfe." - i.
MIonIuRs, Memphis, Tena.
Medal
and Diploma
At World's Fair.
Notice.
Mr. Le Danois informs thie pusb
iic thiat hereafter insteatd of buying
hides at the Lafayette Rice Mill I'
Mrs. I.e Danois will buy them atlt
ti.e l)egrez lumber yard, and wlil1
Ipay the highest market prices.
''h. cb , "6 ,
THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF LAFAYETTE.
L- CAPITAL $50,000.
CROW ARD, President. S. R. PARKERSON, Cashier.
J. O. PARK ON, Vice President. F. V. MOUTON, Aeeistant Cashier.
---I--)RECTORS-
CROI GIR.4RD, J. S. IlV/HITTI2VGTO:, P. B. ROY,
C. C. RBRO VA ,. M A/OSS, J. G. PARA'EJS~AS
ALCIDE JUDICE, .:.A1ANADE, N. P. aMOS.
Sheriff's Sale.
- Mervine Kahn vs. Alexander Hoff-'
pauir-r7th Judicial Dis
tric.t Court--lafa
yette, La.
Bly virtue of a writ and jtudgment issnted
f out of the 17th Judicial District Court holl- I
r ing sessions in and for the parish of I.afa
1 yette, and to me directed, I have seize.l and
t taken into rmy possession and will sell for
cash to the last and highest bidder between
legal sale hours at the ctour-house door in
the town of Lafayette, on
Saturday .March 21, 1896,
the following property, to-wit:
A certain tract of prarie and wood land
situated in the parish of Lafayette, La.,
containing one hundred and twenty acres,
more or less, with all the buildings and im
provements thereon, hounded north by land
of Mrs. Andrus, south by land of Dosite
SIebert, east by land supposed to be vacant,
and west by Bayou Queue Tortue.
I. A. BROutss.ARD,
Sheriff of Lafayette Parish.
Feb. 15, 1896.
Sheriff's Sale.
Mervine Kahn vs. Alexander Hoff
pauir--I7th Judicial District
Court-Lafayette, La.
LBy virtue of a writ and judgment issued
out of the 17th Judicial District Court, hold
ing sessions in and for the parish of Lafa
yette and to me directed, I have seized and
taken into my possession and will sell for
cash, to the last and highest oidder, between
legal sale hours, at the court-house in the
town of I.afayette, on
Saturday, March 21, 1806,
the following property, to-wit:
A certain tract of prairie and wood land in
Lafayette parish, containing one hundred
and ninety acres, more or less, with all the
improvements thereon, bounded north by
land of Ford and Elijah IHoffpalir, south by
land of Valsin Trahan, cast by land of Mar
guerite \V. Perry, west by Bayou Queue
Tortue. I. A. IBROu sASARD.
Sheriff of Lafayette Parish.
Feb. 15, 1896.
Sheriff's Sale.
Loeb Bros. vs. Phineas Hoffpauir
No. 3945-- 7th Judicial Dis
trict Court-Parish of
Lafayette.
By virtue of a writ of seizure and sale un
tler executory process from the 1i t! lJolicial
DI)strict Court, in the above entitled andi
ttlnumbered suit and to hme directed, I have
seized aed taken into ni, posseio-i-t, and will
sell for cash to the last and highest bi:.d,i:r,
at the court-house int the town of Lafayette,
between legal sale hours, on
Saturday, March 1i, 189i,
the following property to-wit:
A certain tract of land situated in the par
ish of Lafayette, I.a., with all the imlprove-i
timcuts thereon, containing ninety-one arpents.,t
bounded as follows: On the north by land
of l.essin Leger, on the east by land of VW.
N. WVinston, on the west by land of Ford
Hoffpauir, on the south by land of Starcus
lHoffpauir. I. A. ltot:ss xn,
Sheriff of Lafayette Parish.
Feb. 15. S896.
Registration.
Notice is hereby given to the v,.ters of the
parish that I will open and hoi I betwe en
office hours the Registration tu;r:au at the
places and dates following:
Mlch 19, Mouton Switch ... pll o, w'd 3
" 20, Guilbeau Ilall...... " 5, " 6
" 2I, Simoneau ..." , t 6
" 23, Scott (Jules Guidry.. " 2. I
S24, Ford IIoffpair . 3 " 2
S25, School Hlouse . . . 4,
26, Anse Pelitte sch. h'se " S, " 7
27, Royville (II. Theall 4I
warehouse) .... 7, 4
28, Broussard (Farm A:\.
IIall) .... . " 9, 5
And at Court House fron lMarch 3oth to
date ot election. NItRIu r I t:AtX,
Assessor andt Ex offiici, Regi-:.tar.
Notice.
LAAvE'rrt:, La., Jan. 31, 1,)6.
Notice is herety given that all li:c ises
lesied nnd!er the It)rinIaunes of the o)swn
C('.un:cil if l.afavette for the 'ar 1890 arc
now dtue and will be lti- ,i mccrn ons Mar.ýh t,
t895, and if not paid withi ;: that period I will
after that date place the matter in the
hands of the attorney, tio be ci, ltct'el ac
Scording to law. A. Ita'R;,
Cottnstable and Ex-officio Tla.-Cillector.
Taken Up.
On the plantation of IMr. Alexan, Ire Beg
naudi, near Scott, one black mnare, with
three antkles slhite. The righit hip bears the
marks of a bIrand placed there long ago, but
it is not legible. Owner can secure sam:ie by
proving ownership and paying costs.
ALI:xANtnE IMA.RTIN.
Jant. at, t496.
WANTED-AN IDEA,'F oangthiT
thing to patent? Protect youridas ; they may
bring yoa wealth. Write JOHiN W~DDER
3LUJtN & CO., Patent Attorneys, Wahigsnpton.
1). C., for their 51,800 prize otfer.
SUNSET RCUTE. SLEEPER AND
S---- TRAIN SERVICE
Atlanta, Washington, New York, Cincinnati
AND ALL EASTERN CITIES
SHORTEST TlvIME AND MOST SUPERB SERVICE.
S1 M1 Di - -4
Semi-Weekly Vestiluled Fast Trains, made up of Luxurious Sleepers. Composite Cats,
with iarber Shop, Baths. and Special Ladies' Compartment Car, with ladies' maid inat:
tendance, manking the Trip between San Francisco and New Orleans in 75 hours.
......... ONLY LINE RUiiNING THROUGH SLEEPER TO CITY OF MEXICO. .....
E~cilrsion Tickets on sale from all Coupon Stations to California and Mexican
:: , s all the year 'round.
Through 3ills of Lading -ia 'Sunset Route" and Morgan Line of Steamers
to and from New olmlk, all points East and West.
For information, call on local agents, or address
. . r. e. .O~Rs . a. r. a.. 1...1. PIRta. s. o-. P Tr. ... . e. aCMIIiEvR . T. K..
Ncý' ti l :thy, I .a. i asilo n, r.a-..a-. Nea (rIIreN.s , I~-i E.
'D. V. Gardebled
PHARMACIST,
and dealer in
Drugs, Patent Medicinces,
Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
houns of the day and night. Everything o
be found in a first class drugstore.
rt-Next to Falk's Opera House.
I U L E
For Sale!
Fifty Young Mules
3 and 4 years old, at $00 up to
$140 a pair.
ArrLY Tro- J- A. LeBESQUE.
"ILL-GERM
CURES ITOH
IN 80 MINUTES.
Cures Mange on Dogs.
Cures Scratches quicker than
any other known remedy.
Cures all skin diseases.
For sale by
\VWM. CLEGG.
-t
Spencer's Business College,
Shreveport, La..
Offers a full commercial course for.......... $4o.
Necessary books to complete the course.. to.
Doardcand lodging, per month........ ........ 15.
With our superiut course and practical
methods of teaching, our pupils have no
trouble in finishing in three months' time.
For particulars, address,
I.. C. SPENCER, Principal.
or WV. A. LE:RosEN, Secretary.
GEO. A. DEBLANC
-dealer in
WOOD, LIME PITTSB'R COAL
Wholesale and retail.
PIdachine-Sawed & Split Ask.,
Stove Wood.
Cypress and Pine Kindling.
All Orders Promptly Attended to.
L.AFAYETTE, - - - - LOUISIANA.
Office and Yard near R. J. Depot.
n45 -1.
For Sale
One 60-feet Wind Mill
WITH 12-FEET WHEEL AND 'RON TOWER.
One Corn and
Cob Crusher.
Apply to-
Alfred Hebert.
Feb. 15, IS(y;.
Ohamberlain's EreO nd Skin Oibtment
Ia unequalledl flor lcFen:.,, Tetter, Salt
Rhtnm, Scl::ld liad, l c:re Nipples, Chapped
Hands.. Itehi:; l'ies, ]urns, Frost Bites,
Chronic s-oie oEyce and . ranulated Eye Lids.
For Bale by druggi. t e.t 25 cents per box.
TO IiOFSE: COWNERS.
For puittiin a hior ii line healthy con
di'tion try Dr. Cad- :tii t-.-ndition Powders.
They ton thetip the s. t'i :, aid digestion, cure
.oss of _:p!Ctite, relieve c:nstipation, correct
k.id..v: d;-i ,rder:s and 'c - roy worms, giving
inw life to an ,ad or over-torked horse. 25
-r*t., per cr: 'o.o. I"r i:,le by drua~ists.. - -
\VA\NTEI)--To buy a mile. cow with
calf not over 2 months old. Apply to H.
II. Ilorhorst.
The economical wearing of pants
means wearing the Lest. The best
jeans pants are the DUCKSKIN
IlBREt:CtES. They are made of good
jeans, sewed with the best thread,
and the know how make the fit and
looks, andl the low Trice. There's a
iuarantee with each pair-look in
tie ,,cIckets.