n'" I I I IililMIMIl I - fl MMI ii ai I IInI I I I 1 H aIAI IM g MII..A.. .. . . . . . ... .. . . . . . -. ... * - **
THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JULY 8, 1893. NUMBER 18
S- - --- , ------ ,''-" " 3'Y r a u l1 P. 1'P lTtEmTuR Im I*. -
MIY HOUSE IN THE AIR. ren
ms:
I notice the house that I build in the air, beg
With the architect Fancy to plan it. firs
T\ lth claptoards of clouds and with shingles o sto:
mist. ab
And with paint of aerial amethyst, at I
btands more firmly the shock of time's rude you
wear and tear,
And is not solike to get out of repair liti
As my house with foundation of granite.
And though scoffers may jeer at my house in pa
the air an
With gibes that are glib and sarcasti. ai
Those fird-headed fellows of dollars and cents,
Whose whole life consists in collection of rents. shl
Have never yet been in my parlors up there, I
A And sat in my easy and dream-haunted chair hil
In the waling cloud turrets fantastic.
No mortgage, ye thrifty collectors of rents. Or
Can you Clap on my cloud-bosomed mansion; th
Nor real estate broker can enter its walls. i
For the draibridge comes up, and the port
aullis falls;
fence, ye vulgar profane, with your pride and wI
pretence, lit
No welcome for you; so arise and go hence
From this home of the soul's expansion! UZ
Then stay with your ledgers, and cipher and so
plan,
And jeer at the house of my vision;
I, snugly ensconced in its vapory walls, yC
Or, watking entranced in its shadowy halls, ca
- Can laugh in my turn at your ciphering clan,
That has made such a tragic distortion of man,
And hold your whole tribe in derision.
-S. WV.Foss, in Yankee Blade. tI
th
bachelor. I
T
18
Sbachelor atI found r
ty the ladies
ill immediately t bachelor Ipaper
know that the
when I say I
r vas an old ':
bon was not married at flor at fora
t the fact that ladireds
theill immediately put away this paperm o
muchn disgusthat I was afI deid to address them.o a
read it particularly 1 hasten to whstate
thathe ue? married now. the cAlso,thatge the
reason was not married at forty wascheor,
not myas I want of admirbtion for tuses
and dies, bgust the fachot that I admired
them too rather lonell. I respected the some
much that I was obs lifraiged to paddreess them. I
Once or twice I wd s in love; but what a
had the use? I had not the cotrage to I
declare it. At forty I was a bachelor, "
and k s I was tired of hoarding houses .
and disgusted with hotels I hired a flat
and went to housekeeping with a single
servant-a black boy. C
It was rather lonely coork,e in and some- t
times I was obliged to pretend that I
ormwas a married man and tpict my wifer. I
had gone ni a visit to her mother to I
keep myself from getting the blues. I
house-noty imainary wife waspoor always for I
pluap little woman, witash black eyes
and nice little hands with dimples in I
them. I could sometimes believe that
she would really coirs e in and sit lown
at the table antd pour out the tea, I backd
formed such a perfect picture of her. I
had taken the tpper floor of a small
house-not because 1 was poor, for I
was not, but because I was desirous of
retirement and did not madent anyonera
-clumping upstairs past me-and below
sote ono elht kept house.
This person used that conservatory
for a kitchen, I must exth gplainss. Sroof wasme
uformer tenant had conerted. the back
porch into a conservaing, impelletord by and had had
it all illech in with glborss of coursloneliness. I leaned.
Whoerer lived on the floor elpedw at
that time had again made an nltera
tion. here ws once a consittle itchenory
stove now stood a little colting stove
and over the side panes of glass hung
white curtains; but the glass roof wasife!
ulncoveretd.
One morning, impelled bythat th curios
ty which is bofootfall I of loneliness. I leaned
over my window ledge and peat ped
down. I saw below a little kitchen,
with a little table and a little stave.
At the little table sat-my wife!
What I mean is that imaginary being
whose footfall I was always hearing on
my floor, who in day dreams sat at my
table and poured out tea-whose actual
absence I consoled myself for by sup
posing that she had gone to take tea
with her mother-sat there in proper
person, round, dimpled, black-eyed, as
my fancy painted her.
She was eating her breakfast all
alone, and she looked as though she
did not like it. I was sure-sure from
the very first-that she was not mar
i ` 6-a ,,! ,i ! 7!
SHE TOOI A InOsE.
rled, and from my unseen post I watched
S her every movement until my black
servant, with the remark: "'Massa, dem
Aere griddle cakes is all gettin' spiled,"'
troused me from my reverie.
However, that was not the last time
Isaw her. She sat a great deal in that
conservatory, the most blooming rose it
ever nourished within its glass walls.
She .swed there and read books there,
as well as ate there. I sawv her concoct
dainty puddings for one, and pies
which lasted her four days, and I was
as sure Providence intentled her for me
as though I had asked an oracle and
been told so.
With an opera glass I could read the
very pages of the book site read, and all
the while she had no idea that iny eye
was on her. At last I took astep-a bold
one for me. I bought a book-thle last
new one of an authoress she had seemed
interested in-and left it ait her door
witith this on the fly-leaf:
**DEAe MADAM: YOU werO so much inter
eastd in that book of Mre Edwards' thMtI
ventured to send you another, wnieh hope
may prbve ae Intereating. You will, perhapS.
be surprised when I tell you that you read the 
first tour chapters of that book without Ob
stopping: that you then marked the place with
a bookmarker with a harp on it; that you cried
at the tenth chapter, and kissed the book when
you closed it. YOUR SPIRIT FameD. "' "
Through my peeping place I saw the
little woman take in the book; saw her
read the inscription with amazement.
put her hand to her head and ponder.
and then draw one of the white cur
tains and look out. A young man was
shaving himself at a window opposite. chi
I saw that she at once pitched upon thi
him as the sender of the book. wbt
The next day she put blue shades up. en
Once, watching her from above, as thi
though I were an angelic being without o:
wings, I saw her come in from a walk in.
with autumn-leaves in her hand. After- act
ward she ironed them and made a alt
little wreath of them, which she hung me
up over a little looking glass. The th:
next day I bought and left at the door crc
some hothouse roses. we
"Since you care for autumn leaves
you will care for these," I wrote on a I
card, and signed it "Your Spirit sti
Friend," as usual. th
This time she laughed softly and put c
them in water, and sat and looked at s
them a long while. Then she peeped
out of her window again. The young .
man was not at the opposite casement. ie
Then she shook her head, and after a L*
time she took a damask rose from thle cil
bunch anihput it in her hair. The next p
time I sent the flowers I wrote on the
card: hi
"You wore a damask rose from the bl
last bunch I sent you. WVill you put a m
yellow tea rose in your hair this timne?" to
How I watched! I saw her look, w
half pleased, half frightened. At first hi
she only put the roses in a vase, but at 18
last she did take one, and it was a tea di
rose, and pinned it in her black braids.
I kissed my hand to her from my ele
vated situation, but she did not know it. dl
So for at least six months I watched. fa
and sent her flowers and fruit and tt
books and little gifts of all sorts. iBut
as for asking our mutual landlord for Ii
an introduction, I never thought of of
that-it never occurred to me. I should fr
not have dared to speak to her if I had cl
been introduced.
The autumn and the winter passed, b,
and it was often so cold that I was r<
obliged to scrape away the frost from te
t my peeping place to see her; but I did d
o it, and let me assure you that I did it iý
most respectfully, and with the most p
a gentlemanly feelings. I played the spy, ft
bt ut it was with the deepest veneration. a
e Spring came. Little green buds were I;
on the trees, and she opened the window 13
to let in the air and wore pretty, light- tl
I colored .garments. Now that the win- k
e dow wasi open she drew her table
o farther away from it and nearer the a
the wall. This was more convenient
a to me.
' One evening she sat down at her
n table to write a letter and I got my
it glass and found that I could see the
n words upon the paper. Mly hope wat
.d that she would allude to her unknowc
I friend. It was gratified. She did
11 After some talks of persons and things
I I knew nothing of, she wrote thus:
f "*Now. dearest Lizz.e, I will tell you of the
ic strangest thing that has happened to roe. I
have no friends in the city. nor have I seen any
one watching me; but from some mysteriout
source books, papers, magazines, flowers and
y fruit are tent to me. 1 have had tickets to
t matinees. At first I was afraid to go to theme
but I tried it and no one spoke to or lookled a"
me. Everything this unknown does is don',
delliaetely. I really have begun to get inter
'. ested in him. 'Who can he be?" I often sy t)
at myself. 'Why does he hide himself? If hr
ilies me. why does he not obtain an introduc
tion
* '-Perhaps he is deformed or disfigured in
'e conie way; hbut if lie were I should certainly
feel that .so fine a soul deserved a better bodIr.
His taste it: perfect. WVhen he marks passages I
in a book I know I shall like them. In fact. to 1
confess to you a truth which I would admit to
'5- no other lIving beit:f, I am half way in lose
nd with him. lHow foolish of him to keep his in
d cognito when in so many ways he makes it
manifest that he loves me."
n, I read those words with joy and re- 1
treated to my room to think them over. 1
Having done so, my resolution was ar
° rived at. I seized a sheet of paper and
)n wrote upon it these words:
y - "DEAlt MADAtIim-I am neither deformed nor
al disfigured in any way. Your flattering opinion
of me is so delightful that, though modesty
ea prompts me to contradict you, I cannot brine
myself to do it. Inneed I want you to think
cr even better of me than you do. for while I am
as wholly in love with you, you are only half way.
I inclose my photograph. At the same time I
ll make you an offer of marriage, and will prove
to you my respectable position in society and
hemy ability to support a wIfe. And bow I have
lm learnea so much concerning you I will explain
sr if you will send me a line to --, station -,
box 40. The line that I desire is an answer to
my offer. Will you have me if, on meeting, you
are not disappointed in me!'
Thanks to my glass roof I was able
to see that dear little woman write
"yes," or words to that effect; and I
called upon her next day, and now I no
longer dream that she is my wife. She
pours out my coffee and makes my home
a paradise. When I told her all I have
told you, she said: "You ought to have
been ashamed of yourself." She was
in duty bound to say it, but, between
you and me and the rose, she did not
mean it.-London Tid-Bits.
An Expressive Expression.
"I heard an expression the other day
in New York," said the drummer to the
hotel clerk, "tlthat while it may be old
to some people was new to me and
struck me as rather appropriate."
'eWhat was it?" asked the clerk.
-k 'The morning of the naval pai-adc,"
went on the drummer, "was damp and
cold and about as disagreeable as one
could wish the wedding day of his
me worst enemy to be, and as I stood on
atthe ferry, crossing from Jersey City, a
it great big fellow from the west came
ls out of the cabin onto the delk where I
stood. 1 glanced at him and with a
shiver he said: 'Ugh, it's like the
ies breath of a stepmother, ain't it?'
vs "Haveyouever hea~d that before?"
concluded the drummer, and the
clerk said he hadn't--Detroit Free
Press.
- -Leveling Down.-A country squire,
when passing through his stables,.found
le his coachman's little boy busy playing
ldwith his mates. "Do you know who I
ast am, my little friend?"' he asked the
child, who appeared to take no notice
Or of him.' '"Oh! yes: you are the g-rn'lh:i
ter- what rides in pa's carriage."'-le l'ctil
, F'errancais Illutre
JOSEPH JEFFERSON. m(
lea
Charaoter and Work of Amerloa's -4T
Greatest Comedian. ide
sin
SKarty Struggles Succeeded by Unparalled ter
Trlmpti - Versatlllty WVhich Seems gi
Iarvelous-The Actor's Famous du
Roles--ls Later Years. te
[Special Lettnr.l gr
The true delineator of dramatic Sal
characters must learn sooner or later Ne
that strong contrasts are the effects by,
which arouse enthusiasm in an audi- me
ence. It was to the deep impression La
this thought made upon the mind of Cri
Joseph Jefferson that the world is I
indebted for one of the greatest char- the
acters ever enacted on the stage; and pr<
although not wholly, but in a great
measure, to that same impression is
that famous comedian indebted for the
crown of glory which he so deservedly
wears. Joseph Jefferson would with
out doubt have become a great and
famed actor in any case, but his
stumbling, almost accidentally, upon
the character of Rip Van Winkle was
certainly a powerful auxiliary to the
success he attained.
Joseph Jefferson was nearly thirty
years of age before he secured any pub
lic recognition. This was in 1858 ats
Laura Keene's theater in New York
city, as Asa Trenchard in Tom Taylor's
play of "Our American Cousin." He
made a great hit and for the first time in i
his stage career enjoyed the pleasura
ble sensation of seeing his audience
moved on the instant from laughter to
tears. It gave him a sense of power
which his dramatic instincts warned
him to cultivate. In the summer of
1859 the actor went to a farm in Para
dise valley in Pennsylvania for his va
cation. He was in a fever of unrest
because he rwas not able to find just the
Character he wanted. While at this
farm one rainy day, lying in the loft of t
the barn. on the hay. he was reading Si
"The Life and Letters of Washington R
r Irving." Suddenly the remembrance b,
i of the "Sketch Ilook" came to him and re
I from that his mind turned to the quaint m
character of Rip Van Winkle. I
He went to the house and got the t
book and began rending the story. The C
s result was his gathering up such ma
r) terial as he could from three previous !
i1 dramatizations and by adding some
t ideas and situations of his own. He l
t produced a play which was both satis- c
factory and disappointing to the t
• author. It was not until some years
e later, when in London, that. Dion 0
v Boucicault revised the ivork,mnaking it
t- the representation as the public -
i- knows it to-day. I
c Mr. Jefferson's Rip Van Winkle must C
e always stand, not only as one of the
finest, if not te finest, of all stagei
oul have been sufent to have es
.tablished a laaing fame without any
rthing lse.
Everything, however, this comedian
reducation. *is fathcr and grand
V.f
father, both of them named Joseph,
Swhen he took the part of the child in
.rosErn JErrEnsox.
S"Pfinest, f not the finest, of all stage 1
itheater in Vashington. Joseph Jeffer
es reprey entto, 182.ut as the great mars, es
to ially atrpice in his own repertoire. In
in variousy with it is, of country. He
went throug these twas chand at ther as
ing out have been uficiean t to have esf
- the army of the United Sfame tates into the
r thing else.urnin
Lr- Everything, however, this comedian
to the nortn is anhe actredby lineage and by
or educatious theaters, father and grbeind- in
on father both of them named Joseph,
c were noted dramatic artists.
ne Thefore he was thiswenty-one hetch began his
am o think seriously of three years,
enlf he tookand was mpart of the child in
ste ronglyoppose the math of Rolla" at a
Jd theater in ash persiston. andoseph Jthffer
di son was bornok place in a church in Philadelphia, Febra
ary 20, 1829. His earlier years, espe
t cdeially after the death of his father ife
eou 1843, were spent as a strolling player
in various parts of the country. ate
rle went through Tex, r.s and at the break
it ing out of the MexYork icand star he followed
Son. the army of the enited States into the
no land of theral years'onte durmas. eturning
he to the north he acted at and managed
rhe various theaters, at one time being in
Me partnersip with Jotripn wals particularlr.
e Be mfore e tremeas twenty-one he began
Sin perfect sympatheriously of settling downor ob in
enll hi s trials, and aterwa d when onactress
strongyoppeets he wouled the match, but young
Jhe was always greersistednt ands "thone oed
ding too acthem." in a church in Phil
he being present. o characters Mr. Jffersodin
has playedome in ehis time is a very for a
his idabl the on tinent. The Australiancres
the Brierly in the "Ticket-of- Leave-an."
Cii iany times in the early tisys~and never
sueeeeded in making noh of it until A
he did what was coneidered nothing
less than sacrilege,chaning portions of fo
"The Rivals" over to suit his own
ideas. The world at large has long
since passed its verdict upon the mat
ter. Excellent as was Sheridan's ori- s1e
ginal play, Jefferson has certainly pro- a5
duced a version more to the publio
taste.
Mr. Jefferson has played and made
great successes in the characters of I
Salem Scudder in "The Octoroon," du_
Newman Noggo in "Nicholas Niekle- obj
by," Dr. Ollapod in a "Poor Gentle- in i
man," Dr. Pangloss in the "Heir at con
Law," and Caleb Plummer in "The use
Cricket on the Hearth." cop
In character Mr. Jefferson is one of bat
the most genial men in the dramatic sco
profession. He was married the second I
ele
loa
co:
fro
dui
des
to
up
dlis
the
JEFFERaOs, As "BOB ACRES."
time on December 20, 1867, to Miss w
Sarah Warren, a relative of William
Warren, the comedian. He has ever oi
been liberal in the extreme to his breth
ren in the profession, giving time and of
money whenever he was called upon.
It was Joseph Jeffcerson who first prof- a
fered his assistance to the family of
George Holland after the death of that &
genial comedian. -
It was Mr. Jefferson who went with u
the son of the dead actor, at Mrs. Hol- n
land's request, to the pastor of her g
church to ask him to hold the funeral
services in his church, but who refused
upon learning the profession the do- P
ceased had followed. It was to Joseph '
Jefferson this minister of the Gospel c
said that though he could not hold the f
funeral services of an actor in his
church there was "a little church
arouni the corner" where the funeral t
services could possibly be held. In re- q
lating the event Mr. Jefferson did s
not appear to care about the slight
yes, insult-to himself as a member of g
the deposed profession, though there is n
no doubt he did feel it keenly, but it a
cut him to the quick to have his dead e
friend's son hear such a slight put upon
his father. Mlr. Jefferson was probably r
never so much incensed in his life ashe
was at that unfeeling minister.
Joseph Jefferson is in these days rest
ing upon the laurels he has so well
earned. He confines himself to two
or three of his favorite characters,
mainly "'Rip Van Winkle" and "Bob
Acres," and it is hardly probable he will
ever again essay any new role.
He is not perhaps too old, for though
he is 63 years of age his health and I
general physical condition are excel
lent. lie does not spend so much of
his spare time at his plantation in =
a Louisiana as formerly. He is inter
ested in politics and is a warm personal
a friend of Grover Cleveland. Although
b a man of much liberality, he was never,
a like his father or his grandfather, im
, provident, and is now worth about
$5-~00,000. The last new venture he en
tered into was with the late "Billy"
Florence, when they organized a com- I
n bination to produce a line of the old
time comedies. The venture was high
Sly successful, from both a financial and
I- artistic point of view, and was in oper
1*
ation when brought to a close by the
1-4 death of Mr. Florence.
ur comedian he is both a writer and an
ig artist. There are various paintings on
ad exhibition wnich testify to his genius
Sin the latter line, and if there were
ly nothing else to recommend him in the
le former, his autobiography in the Cen
's tury Magazine, well written and full
" of sparkling humor, established his
b right to a high rank.
Jorx J. FuLILua.
A Lesson in Patriotism.
S Little American Girl-Did you see
or the Goddess of Liberty?
re Visiting Boy-So. Where?
in "Oh, .you must have seen it Its
he awful big, and stands on an island all
neby itself, holdin' up a light The ferry
of boat goes real near it."
"Wot's it for?"
on "For? Why, to make folks patriotic,
or- to be sure. She's a real American lady.
res Her dress was made in Paria."-4Good
A PECULIAR INDUSTRY.I H
How Old Tin Cans Are Utlliszed e2
Nowadays.
Belted to Recover the Solder Used to It C
Mlaklng and Sealing Them-Other Com- I
merctal Commoditles · es ced
from the Vats.
In the suburbs of great cities an in- T
dustry has sprung up, having for its It c
object the recovery of the solder used are
in making and scaling tin cans. In T
consequence the formerly despised and Rec
useless tin can has acquired sufiecieni fee'
commercial value to rescue it from the 12 1
back lot dumping ground and garbage fee'
scow. ch.
Under the present system of street
cleaning, New York city's refuse is
loaded on scows from docks located at
convenient intervals along the rivet
front, and then taken to sea and
dumped. These docks have double
decks, the upper projecting sufficiently
to allow the contents of a cart to fall
upon the middle of the scow, and be
distributed by the trimmers who keep
the vessel on an even keel. The trim
by
Pa
S.ran
fei
TIE UTILIZATION or OLD TIN CANS. d
tic
mers also select everything of value -
with the greatest care; rags, fat, bone, tic
metal, paper stock, etc., being stored pa
on the lower deck of the dock. The pa
silver and jewelry form no small item ed
of the contractors' profit, and the total ro
value of a scow load is estimated at an c1
average of two hundred dollars. ITI
The space between the dock plat- 6
forms is often closed in with odds and
ends, and the interior converted into a
miserable habitation by the trimmers,
men and women, who thus herd to
gether, their supplies being drawn
from the dump.
These dumping docks are the princi
pal source of supply for the industry
we illustrate, and a wagon load of tin
cans can be bought at such places for
four or five dollars.
The furnace is an old soap boiler,
into which a few sticks are thrown;
the bowl is then filled with cans, a
quart of kerosene poured over them
and ignited.
The heat developed by the oil is not
great enough to attack the tin, but
melts the solder, which flows to the
b oottom of the bowl. The solder recov
i ered from a load of cans averages for
ty pounds. After this process is com
pleted the tin plate scrap is sold to
~uake what is called "acid."
Into a large open vat containing
waste acid, acid ferric sulpate,
s ulphuric or hydrochloric acid, e
the scrap is thrown and allowed g
to remain until the tin is stripped
from the iron underneath; more scrap s
and metallic iron is added until the so
lution is neutral. The tin thus dis- t
solved is used as a basis for the t
preparation of stannates or other tin c
compounds, and by dyers.
The iron plate is rolled into balls for
melting, the ferrous sulphate purified
t and sold as commercial copperas, and
the remaining acid used in repetition
hof the process.-Scientific American.
The Inventor or Billiards.
The English are very fond of the I
t game of billiards, and a letter has been I
L- discovered in the Britain museum
which gives the origin of the national
- sport. It was invented by a London
t- pawnbroker, whose name was William
* Kew. Kew not only lent money but I
d he sold cloth, and for the latter pur
r- pose had a yard measure with which
he usedl to compute the amounts. One
day, to distract himself he took the
three round balls which are the em
blems of his trade-they may still be
seen in front of certain shops in Lon
don-and, placing them on his counter,
began to hit them about with a yard
measure. lie found it made a pretty
game. He got a kind of skill in mak
ing one ball glance off the other, and
his friends who saw him thus employed
railed the game Bill's yard. It was
soon shortened into billiards. But the
Te-d was the instrument with which
the balls were knocked about and the
dificulty arose what to call it. They
caUtd it after the name of the pawn
eo..ter-a l-ew.
A Fragment of the Moon.
A remarkably fine specimen of mete
oric iron (which, according to Prof.
Tshermel's views, is simply a piece of
ore projected through volcanic agency
from the face of the moon) has been
sent from Rockingham coun ty, South
Carolina, to the state m seum at
SColumbia. Its greatest length is not
above 12 inches, and its thickness
through the thickest part is about 2
e inches. lIn general shape it is flat,
though somewhat concaved on one side
a and convexed on the other, asif broken
an off from the outer surface of a rounded
on and larger mass. It is entirely coated
us with a thick crust of dark brown
re rust and weighs 25% pounds.
S A Trolley Balloon Line.
al 3Ir. Opha MIoore, of Columbus, O.,
1 has proposed a system of aerial navi
fgation which does away with the ne
cessity of transporting a heavy motor.
He proposes to use balloons to carry
the passengers, and to provide each
K* balloon with an electric motor. The
balloon is to be driven from a trolley
line. The motor is to actuate a screw.
Its Exactly where this plan surpasses the
all system of cable traction applied to
vy- balloons does not appear. The trolley
lines are supposed to act also to Lold
the balloon on its course. The poles
tic, are to be about one hundred feet high.
sy. The air ship is to float 40 to 100 feet
o above them. l'arachut4 descents ae
proposed, if necessary.
hI Es FOR THE PEOPLE. i
was
Perspeotivo and Floor Plans for a exp
OCharming House. m.N
Yor
It Contalns Nine Large and Well-Arrged fan
leoms and Presents an Ezcellensea
Appearsance-iaterial to Be
Employed.
This nine roonthouse will cost 53,000. p.
It contains nine rooms, all of which
are large and conveniently arranged. me
The sizes of the rooms arc as follows: fan
Reception hall, 10x20 feet; parlors 18
feet by 13 feet 6 inches; dining-room,
12 feet by 13 feet 6 inches; kitchen, 11 7
feet 6 inches by It feet 6 inches; one tal
chamber, 12x12 feet, and three 12 feet tee
tin
tbe
asn
thi
A CJARJIIEG RESIDENCE. nii
by 14 feet 6 inches, all chambers being
provided with large closets.
One feature of this house is the ar- cu
rangement of the fireplaces, all hav
ing one common chimney.
There is a sliding door between the
reception hall and parlor, the two
parlors and also between the parlor b
and dining-room. The vestibule is Ox6
feet. The stairway leads to the second
floor from the reception hall. The
dining-room is divided from the reccp- I'i
tion room by a cased opening. on
b: There is an entrance from the recep- la
tion hall into the kitchen, through the sh
passage leading to the basement. The g
g pantry is5xl feet 6 inchesand isprovid- yc
a ed with drawers and shelves. The dining de
1 room is provided with a large china ar
u closet. The front veranda is 8x34 feet.
The basement wall will be of, rubble 0O
16 inches thick. Studding 24 10 on er
i, -s
Sr
1
a; Ij
Senters; Joist 2x10, 16 on centers; sill
d xl; wall plates x112.
id The ends of the porch will have
P stone columns supporting t-:e roof, as f
o shownby perspective. The siding will I
be 4 inch O. G., laid . inches to
0 the weather. The chimneys are to be a
in of pressed brick above the roof, capped
with a stone cap. The apex of the t
e gables and the dormers will have com
ed position carving.
The end of the gables will have
on round butt shingles. The plastering
throughout the entire house is to be
two coat work. The e reception hall,
he kitchen.pantry, dining-room and vesti
en bule will have sand finish. The finish
n will be of pine snd pilaster trim with
al corner and base blocks. American
onglass double-thick is to he employed
m throughout. The entire house will be
t sheathed with matched fencing over
r which tr paper will be placed. The
cl exterior of the house will be painted a
no dark brown. The kitchen will have a
:o
er, pl io ga n cnnemlink ai
ard
ed '
f amroon col*or. Tsreeton all
men
a i be of a d yelo and the
at o - wos rdi l e ofk a' / peao
t a wainscoting. The entirle house will be
Tat, Electric bells will be provided and
ded The shingles for the roo will be extraid
ted Star A Star.
wn The tinting of the vestibule will be
of a maroon color. The reception hall
walls will be of a dark yellow and the
celineg will bae of a light yellow. The
: parlor walls will be of etdark peacock
avi- blue with a light blue for the ceiling.
no- The dining-room walls will be dark In
to. dian red and the ceiling will be tinted
r a salmon color. Theore will be picture
ach molding in each room.
The The owner will furnish mantels, co.
U1y pealtion carving, shelf hardware and
t to will be three-coat work. The roof will
Ood EOx A. W. KOrz.
les
igh. Wour Mllion Parmni.
A00.000.00'·
oeassy's D.atttaU.
It was in the definition class; teacheV
was giving out the words to spell, and
explaining them at the same time.
"N-a-p, nap, that means a little sleep,
you know, Johnny. K-i-n, kin, that
means of a family, belonging to the
family; do you understand?"
"Yes, ma'am."
Pretty soon the class was called up
again, and the word "napkin" came
Up.
'Can anyone tell what napkin
means? What is it?" asks the teacher.
"I know," yells Johnny; "a sleepy
family."--Harper's Young People.
Her Conclusion.
The youth of thirty summers was
talking to the girl of twenty about his
teeth.
"Just think of it," he said, "I'm cut
ting a wisdom tooth in my upper
jaw."
"People don't have wisdom teeth in
the upper jaw," she contended.
"But I'm cutting one," he insisted.
"Pshaw," she said, as women argue
"that isn't a wisdom tooth, that's just
an ordinary intelligence tooth," and
the young man refused to continue the
discussion.-Detroit Free Press. .
Good Judges. Bat Selisfh.
IMrs. Livermore-Now, I think that a
nioe chuck steak is more tender and
much juicier than a sirloin.
Mr. Feeder-Yes, I have known a
great manny people who preferred that
cut to any other.
Mrs. Livermore (decidedly pleased)
-And they were good judges, I sup
pose.
Mr. Feeder-Oh, yes; they all kept
boarding houses.-Life.
,Ian, Poor Man!
Mrs. John P. Cox (irritably)-Heres
I'm dressed and waiting, with a dress
on that cost you nearly a hundred dol
lars and a hat that cost thirty-fivel I
should think you would be anxious to
get out and let people see how well
your wife is dressed instead of dilly
dallying around in this way. What
are you doing, anyhow?
Mr. Cox (from next room, meekly)
One moment, dear. I'm trimming my
cuffs.-Puck.
Something lie Forgeot.
"No," said Mr. Peck, the grocer,
gloomily, "'there's no money to be
made in the grocery business now.
Take sugar, for instance. There's
nothing in sugar."
"You forget sand," replied Larkin.
Judge.
TIE CIIANGES IANYY THINGS.
"But, papa, you said you were in na
hurry to have your girls married."
"Yes, my dear, but that was ten years
ago."--13arper's Bazar.
An Accomplirshment.
.e Music Teacher-I am sorry, Miss
is fighlyfe, but after trying your voice
11 I cannot advise you to persist in taking
o vocal lessons. You can never become
) a singer.
d Miss Highlyfe-I-ut I never wanted
ie to. You ought at least to be able to
a- develop my voice so I can converse with
ease in an opera box.-Chicago Record.
lier Point of View.
3o Husband-Do you know that every
Li, time a woman gets angry she adds a
ti- new wrinkle to her face?
4h Wife-(-o, I did not; but if it is so, I
th presume it is a wise provision of
in nature to let the world know what
ed sort of a husband a woman has.-N. Y.
be Weekly.
cr The Stamp Problem.
he "It's a shame," said the economical
a wife. "I thought I had a splendid idea,
a but these new postage stamps are too
'd smalll"
"Too small!" echoed her husband.
"Yes. I wanted to use them for win
dow shades."-American Industries.
A Cool Proposition.
Bill Collector-I want this bill paid
at once.
Student--How much is it?
"It is five dollars."
"Five dollars? Well, here is a pairof
pants worth seven dollars. Hand out
my change."-Schalk.
In Good Time.
Old Lady (excitedly)-TVhen is thsc
train due?
Railway Porter-In two hours and
forty minutes.
Old Lady (with a sigh of rellef)--I
am so glad I am not too latel-Demo
rest's Magazine.
A BEAST. f
be
an
ed She-This fur rug is very beautiful'
STo what beast does it belong?
He (caudidly)---lo me--Jury.
ad Eneouragement to Poets.
h- Poet--And you will print my posem?
se Editor-Yes, sir, in the puzsle deo
ill partment, where it belongs.-TesS
Siftings.
A ItRealistle Tragedy.
Be's in trouble: so's his wife4
Blecause he tried, they may.
\Po lead a 119,000 life