.: .lp of a Cane
I hbar bieena s d wtth
SreaD~ig itn - the
I was persuaded to tr Beara
ing wit Rmef a
P-le eur liver ils t
astesereondbe etd eons m.
" . CM
"_"_;, - F ore
- f.IhEI. o ,aco ., Disory
'· -KE NNEDY'8
3 discovered odie Pil oof our rommon.I
b inl eS d hve found thepm tiuesnable i
Sqease. and as a liver Pill do not thinkr thley
.L.. L,°N8 &.CO., proprietors,
as discvered In one of our common
astu est ma resamedy wthat cures every
p and alwas dis ars in a
Hum, - ... . edt Scola la
: ie isxi feelldgs at first.
eown imof e. -
Satried It in over eleven ssaryhund. Eatd
A benefit Is always experienced from the
-..Nrst-bpttle, anda.perfect cureM warranted
whenthe right quantity Is taken.
nWhen the lungs are affected it causes
e. Thisis caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and aiways disappears in a
mac sftotl or os
iaIdslstfeelilfgs at first.
N1 change.of diet ever necessary. Eat
irn best youa't athho h Of i t.
`' Dpse, one tablesg6nful in water at ,pd
timne. Sold by a ritglts.*
S ' 1 . n -by
|not new, but this is the irst tame that
ao h eeetL d ts a suameint
yth isIt' -f ''bliycles, and itW is
ly practleal manner to assume the pro
Pp .p piwnaterprise. The
for this reason ,that it has been
ealed a biacyal boat. One of
the models espeiclily (the one fig
mred 2), which is designed for one per
tod, recalls -the- btiyele. In another
model, designed for several persons,
theaddle is replaced by an arm chair,
as shown In the genferal iew at the top
of the engraving. In both systems
th6 motoer is the -saad . It consists of a
horizontal shaft that passes through
the ste. o.7.l t esr~s th
sceew.114M t ed $ s -the,
wheels, A and B, either of which may
be th in to gear at will. with a
Supon- a .vertical sais.
The latter receives motion from the
pedals through the intermedium of an
endless chain running over a sprocket
wheel. A hand wheel keyed to the
UWLsO .Lt OaxJkaepa .mn,.i3 se..ir. .s.
and renders it regular.
The shaft of the screw is movable in
t Ijircction.of .he lelgt of the boa
anmathip throegW a .sfus ýg ei fler4l
D,.thakl- .piiot Jl5a. withis bas&.
permits of throwing either the pinion,
A or B, into gear at will. There is
thus obtained, without any necessity
d
at4c
L the bsteering t is effected
..~(9ý, abaar silous to that of
"icseles, which controls the rudder.
The ratio of the pearings is so eal
a backte as to, obtain rd multiovemenicatio
of five. and the pitch oppage, if the screw ihaf
5S centimeters. Each revolution oA
ve o ard 2.meter is effected
Th ratio e stroke of the g s is so ca
Icnl;vten as to -obtain d multipicatiof 14
meters will be made per minute or
10.5, kilometers per hour. But prac
tically it would be impossible to keep
up one stroke of the pedal per second
very long, and it is necessary, too, to
take into account the resistance of
the water; which increases very rap
idly with the speed of the boat. From
.our own.experiments, we believe that
it i-n possible to attain a speed of about
eight kilometers per hour in calm wa
ter and without wind.
This question of speed, however, is
of no great 'importanee, for we have a
pleasure boat rather than one for
rac!m, al th spee1 is of sght cqn
sequene, rovded iat it be "dequ te.
\b hake been surprisqd at the euw
motion of SAe a~hi4 aid st he facili
ty with which the maneuvering is done
without fatigue. Jt is a very agree
file siiode oef-oonmotton, that we find
more convenient and more within
reach of everyone than that effected
'y the oar or paddle.-La Nature.
- PROGRE6S OF SCIENCE.
reiegrapllna Without Wires Is Ne
Longer an Utopian Ides.
WV, H. Preece, F. RI. .. an eminept
tnglish electriciantbg4d theoffeicial in
charge &1 G1Id 1ir4Jsfl's tdlegraphic
sgystem, has long been studying the
possibilities of signaling without
wires. or rather -without metallic con
nection between two stations. It is
well known that one current of-elec
tricity will exite 4nother in a parallel
*oridaetbi. Thit effect is due to "in
luctiqSiT' TlTp~phone wires have fre
Quently brought telegrapho ' messes
that were goizr overlines o e same
-e. Pq4qrglC -en t'es ductors
were not connected. In suci cases the
wires were not more than at few inches
apart. Special tests, though, have
been mde with greatly increased.in
jquarter o amielong. were a ,rg ,
ruarter of a mile apart, and carefully
insulated, and suitable telegraphic in
struments were connected with both.
to dhake sure that earth ourrents had
.-.
-line wie not
in ordinary use; for
it lo d make the
wfr. enaogh
eat. - it pith.
howeverp,- ,that ar.Uel-: teldEtli
ewirdi.bat e ee-l Durbal m ad /ar is -
ton, ten and a half smiles apart, e
fuent -ire.ativet. to eacih othelts gea
rents. In a recent talk on the suibj
be able' to Seni~iact with the1ti
rent is used.- T~si. forn of .eleetricity
throws the ether around: tie condne
tor in tpo. aeries-o .vibrations. -o our
present knowledge of'sodh waves, per
baps, the-late Heinrihh Hert'- contri-y
utid "ltiolu largely than snyone else,
but as yet we probably do qiit even
suspect all the practical uses to hlilch
the phenomenon may be put. -N., 
Tribune.
WORKS JUST AS. WESL.
Wreeah and Roauni alie ..iS. s iIbtt
or, Pape Todu.
The man who is full of expedients is
the-one who gets along in the world.
If-what he wants is not at han, some.
thing-else is substituted, and mafters
SUBSTITmUTE FOR PIPE TONG!e
progress as though every facility were
available.
This applies especially in mechanics
where it is impossible to provide a tool
for everything, and when just the tool
required-even though there be such a
tool-is not at hand.
Our artist recently saw a mechanio
who, desiring to unscrew a pipe, and
not having pipe tongs or any of the
usual appliances for such work, picked
up a wrench and a piece of a round fil
and applied them in the manner shown
in the cut. In an instant, and without
difficulty, the pipe was loosened.-Scl
entifle American.
NEAT SUMMER HOUSE.
A Charming Place of Rest for Every rMem
ber of the Family.
It pays, even in dollars and cents, to
make one's home dttractive, but it also
pays much better in the increased corm
fort and.enjoyment that is afforded
every member of the family when the
home isattractive. An attractiveness.
it niasy be said, that can be secured at
sniall expense, if one has a little taste,
and will devote some of his extra mo-.
ments to the work of beautifying his
hosme and its surroundings. Directly
in this line is the construction of such
a summer house as is shown in the
illustration. Such a house will make
a magnificent. playroom for the chil
dren, a cool sewing-room for the
mother, and a place to rest or read for
any member of'the family. It is built
in the form of an octagon, and has a
dishing, shingled roof, and matched
6 -
ATTRACTIVE BUIMMER HOTUSE.
siding where the sides are boarded. If
vines are made to grow over the sides
the beauty of the structure as an orna
ment to one's grounds will be greatly
enhanced. The whole building should
be stained to' secure the best effect,
the roof being of a darker color than
the sides: and of a color to contrast
harmoniously with them. Such a build
ing could have window sashes fitted to
it, and covers made to put over its lat
tice work. when it would rc-.v-e as a
pleasant playroom for the children on
sunny winter days.--American Agri
culturist.
Double or Jilonary Stars.
All stars-appear single to the nalked
eye, but the use of tihe telescope has
proven that many consist of two or
more distinct orbs. When the astron
omer Herschel first began to make a
special observation of- double stars,
only four wvere known. He increased
the number to 500, and now about 7,000
are catalogued by astronomers. Some
have argned that these stars only appear
to be double because they are on the
same line of vision. but Herschel, after
many years of investigation, was con
vinced that in hundreds of cases they
actually revolve around each other,
thus proving beyond doubt that there
is an actual relationship-between such
pairs of orbs.
. .lle Was Portte,
Little Boy-That lady gave me some
eandy.
-Mother - I hope you were pdlite
about it.
'Yes'm."
"'hat did ybu say3"
"I said I wished pop had z~iet her be
fore hq get 'quaipted with you."-- Good
1vews.
Wli Ie Selecp. -
- Thp~Iet--?:hts was Mpore's ideas f a
womun's evotion.
-'Trodgh'4ii6 thia.ei us~a.ri'nkng tu Sf.-e
1"1 pursuae, ! .~5,"
And shield thee anI save tbe o perish there
Mts. BIaown--'. the "'Daugh
~t~rs 4 ,tbe,. Reanluilop, res toe to.
aiA ) Leighty to .
- .3s1w.." - ,bsYe u&lo.a-ten4
gi. - rv 'bil zeeinac
bthap th e moat iteot.nthisaory. At
Fom simple a ndai tonen my shve ande
.eloped into a chronic inability to '
b"It anu oongg, y~ 84, whepw-- .. .
ksb the ofzrthiw of New Menico, that my
t'ne Sb osn "Aspria, , 8 Iedwith
cotlapsed, Cr fo thr w ia Ifwas afory
bt the ondiion on nl eptembe st, w as ',I "im,
pressed with the idea that my laqt cay had
eorribley I daned ip e,-d hbut id kseventy.
toll over bo ter weredi lmps
om simple a halindigestion hmy malady e
teloped into a chronic inability to take-ino
aabstaxitial food, -wnas barely-able tcQcosp
about, arnmy t tmach, m was prostraed byt
spells of .p . palpitattien.' This oondltfoa
__ntind until oneyiear ago.
tChe 11h of April, 1803, I suddenly
collapeed, sau fbi days I was ucficnseioa
in mfact I up eotu many moryself untl hadl.
iconas tiond. on September 1st, was simiply
orrible Iotweighed but seventy. ponds,
whereas my-, normal weight is 161 pounds.
ll over myin one aftere there', and by he
the-si of orphingrapeto the' se of wsla ~ t,
mygave me, rs were campedto o thatl opuld not
mhrdgh the halul.,tdfhten them - "1 `hd
tierely hstcontrol.-of py lower limbs and
my hand trembled so that I could not drink
thoand just spaboillnve the liuid..bow of ech thinere w
emain mlarge rreuly stomach, a ld it seemedtham
I mustdry up before many more days. had
ptssed.
"Iof the hand an of a purpleoor, tephysicians
calling in one after the other, and by the
- aid of morphine and' other-medicines= tbhy
gave me, I manaed to mark wavs though nen nearely
threugh the fall." -
Here Mr. Thomas displayed his arms,
and just above the elbow of each there was
a large irregular stain as' large ' the palim
of the band and of a purple color, the space
covered by the mark was sunken nearly to
the bone. "That," said Mr. Thomas, "is
what the doctors did by putting morphine
into me.
"On the lIth of December, 1893, just eight
months after I took peramaneittly to bed-I
shall never forget the date--my cousin, Joe
Fostpr, of Carters' Creek..called on me and
gave me a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills
for Pale People, sayingtheyltad -cured him
of partial paralysis, with which I knew he
had all but died. I followed- his directions
and began taking the medicine, as a result
I stand before you to-daythe most surprised
man on earth. Look at my hand, it is as
steady as yours; my face has a healthy look
about it; I have been attending to my
duties for a month. Since I began takieg
the pills I have gained 30 pounds, and I am
still gaining. All the knots have disap.
red from my body except this little
rnel here in my palm. I have agood ap.
petite and I am almost as strong as I ever
"Yesterday I rode thirty-seven miles on
horseberk. I feel tired to-day but pot sick.
I used to have from two to four spells of
heart palpitation every night,, sin`e' began
the use of the pills I have had butfourpells
altogether.
"rkow positively that I was cured by
Dr. Williams' Pink Fills, and I believe fLrm
ly that it is thelnost wonderful remedy in,
existence to-day and every fact I have pre=
sented to you is known to my neighbors. as
well as to myself, and th? will certify to
the truth of my remarkable cure."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People
are not a patent medicine in the sense -that
name impli s They were first compounded
as a prescription and used-as suchin general
practice by an eminent physician. So great
was their efficacy that it was deemed wise
to place them within the reach of alL
They are now manufactured by the Dr.
Williams' Medicine Company, Schenectady,
N. Y., and are sold in boxes (never in loose
form by the dozen or hundred, and the
public are cautioned -against numerous im
itations sold in this shape) at 50 cents a box,
or six boxes for e2.50, and may be had of all
druggists or direct by mail from Dr. W.
liams' Medicine Company.
"IT's a lucky thing," said the sad-eed
humorist, "that the magazine editor didn't
accept my verse." "Why?" "Because com
mon decency would then have compelled me
to let up on sarcastic remarks about his not
knowing good poetry when he saw it."
Washington Star. -
STATE OF OrIO. CxIT or TOLEDO,o
Lt-cas CoUrT.
FRANK J. CHsNEY makes oath that he ia
the senior partner of theftrm of F. J. CHENET
& Co., doing business in the City of Toledo
County and State aforesaid and that said
firm will pay the sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLn
Lans for each andevery case of Catarrh that
cannot becured by the use of HA.LL's CATAUna
CURE. FRANK J. CIIEXEY.
Sworn to before me and subscribed in my
presence, this6ithday of December,A. D. 1886.
- tl A. W. E.EAso
rftNtrt' Public. -
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and
acts directly on the blood and mucous sur
faces of the-systiem. -Send fortestimonials,
free. F. J. CaExsar Co, Toledo, 0.
L~ Sold by Druggists, The7.
'al's Fbamily Pills, 25c
sn--"You profess to think a great deal
of me. That is all right so long s every
thing is going pleasantly. But would you
make any great sacrifice for my sake?" He
--mYou know I would. Havermi't I oeredto
marry you?"--Boston Transcript.
S J. L Cre T. . C.
USers of Tineshing Machines, Engines
and Sawmills have long been familiarwith
the name of the firm heading this notice. Its
careerhas been consistent and honorable
in an exceptional degre. During the past
winter a large psrtM its mammoth WorkS
havebeen remodeled and rebuilt, and the
plant is nowprobably the most complete of
tts kind extant.
Carful buyers are learning the lesson
anyone contempetfng thne purchase of
threshing machinery of any kind, saw
mills ate. should write for Illustrated
Catalogue issued by the J. L. Case T. h. Co.,
Racine, Wia., whio Is malled free to any
To"sr--Paw, what does. vice versa
mesa'" Mr. Figg--"Why--er. hors aiud
horse."- Indianapolis Journal.
" Lihs the Oaintle 1w Ws Ieave. :
er broughirnto subjeeteas and
with: .that:- grand u H
Stomach Bitters a b o ath
not only to the iios ~ leite
ialwsb-ehiefjly involved in malarial -cant
plaint, for which the iasess aspeeel ,
an arch look, you u 0sb ..'.--"
,-... - ·. --: .Weas .-a- ,5ze,, .-'A..'
marnb pwematler ! it' '_..
peled quickly in eomQeqsenee othe
taher ois n-g`E ttl '"qa int, - t n tto
taoket ofh ? t , iA ges df, ppf. lyagi, - ,ang
ever, without creatiiwg gret fear, in
persouis whro'iioiNPffP for' 't 'lt'as2"' tth
for they seeheuf veeneryi aiemsl hese t 
their great plypaaa. the . nthld ,dis
appeared a 1'arge *i1oh a pot. the nature
of Whihtlis : ilard '*er tbh-'te delbeh'
acd the more tegre bruash the, umoreaup
lipghtly and the larger t se- white .spot
grows. Is then the garmjfdt Y.dt?` 16.
forfortnnaatelI. =tr a:ermbmnme'dts
tlp. spots melt, lpway qyver to, show
again. It was snow and nothing more.
The. sulphide of carboh tW ::eva'lirating
take heat from the elothy apd surrounds
ing air, and'the result of that is a suds
den lowering-of temnperature` suffiient
to -freeae te vapor. of. the atanosp-ie&-.'
.Without ,operating qn your: clottes
you. may make the experiment in the
following way: Fill a small vial 'iWith
sulphide of carbon, taking great care
to do it far from all flame or heated
stove, then close the 'bottle with a
cork stopper throuigh whlih you'
have :prevJiogly. bored a. small hole.
In this hole place a piece of blottipg
paper made up into a smaill'roll. The
paper must reach to the .bottom of the
bottle and about one inch above the
cork. WVithin fifteen minutes- yu will
see the outside of this `paper cov
ered with snow. the- quantity of
which gradually increases; " The liquid
has risen through the pores of the pa
per as the oil of , -lamp through the
wick. When it gets to the open air it
evaporates and the water contained in
the surrounding atmosphere, being
brought to a temperature below thirty
two degrees, has been frozen. If you
divide the. paper outside of. the bottle
into several pieces you obtain flowers
and most charming effects. You may
make the experiment in summer and
in the full rays of the sun. The result
will be obtained then more promptly,
evaporation being more abundant.
St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
THE COMMERCIAL HIGHWAYS.
A ew Rallway Statistlics Pat Into Inter
Sestta Comprisoa .
Relatively to its area, Europe is much
better furnished with railway facilities
than any other of the world's conti
nents, and even in Europe, where the
railway system had its origin, and
where it attained to its vigorous ado
lescence.at a much earlier period than
elsewhere, unless we except the United
States, the rate of growth during the
last decade has been considerable. If
the whole of Europe were to be sup
plied with railwaysto the same extent,
relatively to area and population, as
the United kingdom, the railway sys
tem of this old continent would still
appear to be only in its infancy. The
British isles have an area of 121,115
square miles, and as the mileage of
railways opened is now close on 20,000
miles, there is, roughly, one mile of
.railway to six miles of area.
If the same relationship of railway'
mileage of area were to be established
in Europe generally, the total railway
mileage, instead of being only 136,.,69
miles, would be raised to about 630,000
miles, or nearly five times as much as
it is at the present time. Europe, how
ever, although it has nearly one-third
of the total railway mileage of the
world, has only about one-fourteenth
of the world's known land surface, so
that if the density of railway mileage
were as great throughout the land
surface 6f the globe as in the Blritish
isles, the ultimate railway mileage,
instead of being only about 370,000
miles as in 1890, would rise to 8,866.000
miles, or nearly thirty times as much.
Tlhis, of course, is an impossible figure,
and is only interesting as showing
what still remains to be done in the
way of extending the existing network
of the arteries of commerce and travel.
A large part of the land surface of
the globe is uninhabited, owinw to.its
aridity or to the rigors of the climate.
No one would dream of constructing
railways in "Greenland's icy moun
tains," although a good deal has al
ready been done; and much more re
mains to be achieved in "India's coral
strand."-Fortnightly Review.
NOT ALTOGETHER FRIENDLY.
The Selfish Motive That Actuated a Reae-
Scent leeld.
A young man wearing a red necktie
and a new spring suit boarded a yellow
car at the post office the other evening.
He slid gracefqtllyinto a seat, and had
just buried his face in a paper when
the conductor touelied him on the
shoulder and held out his hand for the
fare.
The young man fumbled through his
pockets while the conductor still held
out hishand expectantly. As he tnrned
his last pocket inside out he turned red
as hie remarked:
"I will hafe to walk, I guess; I can't
fnd any money.'" "
"Nel's miind," taid 'k" small main~
with a  g,ga adnd tusty hat
'The condhke 4 utoo o-ey, rang
his bell, and went bitron thle platform.
"It was very-kind qgoLim sure,"
said the ydmi' man. "'Wlie'e can I find
you to-morrow to telpay your kind
ness?"
"You needn't mind bothering about
that," said the little man. " tis
actuated by a selfish motire.?' -. -'.
"A silfish motive .iWhat. was -i,
pray?"
"'I wanted reke rio tpiit t e~on
dnuetor. That niekel*~ateleas.intckeL
When he turasai !L Ib si ] en
of the run it'ie hec d~nd ·be : an he
will have t'blmd~l6?g/e cla u Ef niv es
lat_ wesek".--] s iaty .
- ',:i,, . ;j i
Mr. Fth~ Wt. ho. i,~the last
new girl going, to stlt/':"v " " "
,1
oal 'AId ng Powder uie a r d
-e-makes sour, soggy, or husky  -
-er spoi oo matertals; nfier =iae
lumps of alkali in the'bisui"oiitr ofl iake; w
-all these things do happen with, e' .
of 7cooks w.ho cling to the ildshi-oanecd .
. . ethods, mor who use other baking pow#vders. ;
.if,,:i. you -want tebs o
Baking Powder is Indispensable.
1.- amm puwihtws.; e umem w., si0.
J.WLRY NOTES.
Au.xavn star Inlaid with tunrquelpe
has durving rays. This is new and
stakes a pretty brooch. A siler ere
cent. about a day oal,, is enpircled.. i
the same mariner and is vrcy pretty.
A -szof coffee apoons has o 'iSA'
head of eanh- stemn a pansy in. a -dif-
ferent color. Other. 4pooas hav -n
saeled stems inclosing a diffeent
Bower and rimmed with silver and'
gilt.. -
Tai new brooches for women's eol
lar ihcrease in anmber, and variety.
They are destined to)e popular. -The
jewelers may count on every sohool
girl eventually making herself the
proud possessor of one.-Jeweler's
Circular.
THAT a dress made of five-cent chal
lie is surprisingly cool, and will wear
longer than one would suppose from
the thin nature of the goods.
Wben Traveling
Whether on pleasure bent, or business, take
on every tri a bottle of 4yrup of Figs, as
it acts most pleasantly and effectively on the
kidneys, liversnd bowels, preventingferers,
headaches and other forams of sickness. For.
sale in 50 cents and $1 bottles by all leading
druggists.
imaus-"When does the roof-garden sea
son openl" Hulls--"As soon as my wife
goesTo .the country."-N. Y. World.
-P 0PECIAL VALPZ
den anh 111d.s
hrlk AmAn St yes
Tthese troe le at the
Sonly keep
='tics with thus
The m , a he~m liv activeei
nd thsstm s re
ular - ý'id ýi
yen couldn't take diseases esily.
These tiny, sugar-coated "Pelles" e
the most perfectly ssatral in their mUe
-no no vience Take them fo
w!ind in athe snmoehh tuluese, sa
dizziness. abeont yadpeaesmmaely
c ure o WndfgsittpB ilinuia8
-vy ver, tomach and Bowel disdr.
PIERCE AS A CUBE
RICU SOC M ALLDRUW
5iHE KHOW5 WHAT5 WHAr.
11S T DEST.PAEST oSTY ICOHUO CAL.
FRANK LESLIPaE'
. . . ..' n . ..
PI,6TURES OF -STIRRING D ,iTLE N$ 1I
. . ND. . . onno 4 St .
A POTRrAITS' QF THE LEAMUS UIALS S5,.,0,?IIr"
STo b publishe i thrty eekliy prt. ] a vl t otn 1 u
eppropriest e l4 ms m  ela d r 7[dPld u ,-ith
POP i receipt ofd- , u,., ,
PEARTOEY mrADYo APRIL I
enad each week anoter part Q r it the sie i completae 86 a
rc o xton ail ,- di-°- ";,9 - .... nI.
T ....- . HAQ ,or C, C," . a.
L.
L:T t -].i·~·~1IR~~h
It!" Ua rker-"SweU- is - -3C.
honed ezoept aR 4renasa.aaesJgsaede '"
hims11elf ebB i9
'A W as L
.Ad'v otmer. w Wg 'oWjYf..y, p
the name:
THe Dn Long PFkT iHoei 
AsD LEvK., Also .etic ea on ,
face and back f *evr.y ;
the words:
ee ethat - .. ýýi I
Ihuiiti?
P l+e.Imph eam. - T.
McELREEBS'
INE Q' CR 1..
For Female DIl!aeeaf.
eoausm. a d peopS
ea.ehoule tsealeoCoio for
Oqoeasmtlo. ' It baved
one Iet es "oa oles.
6ol4 eery!eroISe.
A. N. K. F. 1501
WREN WaITvIz* we AsVETIaEs$ P I~AS
Male thee vea eaw eb Adve ulembemt w t0kb