WE HAVE AN IDEA
- THAT there is a large number of wide-awake people in Lafayette who pay more for their Dry Coods than is strictly necessary.
We have an idea that we have not met all the Beauty and Chivalry.native to Lafayette. With a desire to correct the mistake many are making, and with the
hope of gaining to ourselves the pleasure of your personal acquaintance, we will give you a few reasons why our acquaintance would be mutually beneficial.
1st. WE ARE IN THE DRY GOODS BUSINESS AND CARRY EVERYTHING IN THAT LINE. 2d. WE ARE IN THE BUSINESS FOR PROFIT AND
MANY YEARS OF SUCCESSFUL EXPERIENCE HAS TAUGHT US THE BEST METHOD OF DRAWING BUSINESS TO US.
By these methods we have gradually grown until our stores are situated throughout Texas. Our retail stores are at Galveston, Houston, Martin, Bryan, Navaseta,
Mexia, Cuero, Huntsville, Brenham, Rockdale, Crockett, Palestine, Bellton, La Grange and Waco. Our wholesale house is at Galveston and covers almost half a block.
All these stores and our immense business have grown by our strict' adherence to a strictly Cash business based on the smallest possible margin of profit. We find that the
closer our prices the larger our sales. Consequently the larger our sales the closer we can make our prices. We are doing for this section what we have done for many
towns in Texas. We are giving Consumers the opportunity to buy small quantities at Wholesale Prices. It will pay people living in Lafayette to come to New
Iberia to buy their Dry Goods.
In clothing we can save you from $1. tO $4. on every suit you buy, besides we give you a larger stock to select from.
In shoes we save you from 25c to $1. a pair on every pair you buy. In hats and Gents Furnishing Goqds it is the same way; we increase the value of your
dollars. If you want to get the fullest values for your money come and examine our stock.
We only have room for a few prices this time, but other things are sold in same proportion-see these:
Calicoes, Lawn. Etc. Laces and Em broideries. Wethave abtiflaisrt ofwite and c
We have a beautiful assortment of white and colored draperlfs at Soc,
Harmony shirting calico, all colors and designs. Fast colors, price 4c We have a beautiful line of white, cream, ecru and butter laces in all and z ac a yard.
yard. widths in allsdesigns and all qualities, and with insertings to match.
American shirting calico, the very best grade, 43c. Our line of black laces is worth attention.` A Few Furnishing 6oods.
American indigo or "guinea blue" calico, guaranteed fast colors, best We are showing,hanosome swiss lawn and Hamburg edges and insert
grade 4/c. ings, which are 25 per cent less than others sell them for. Men's gauze undershirts, at roc each, better grade at sic.
aS pieces handsome dress style ginghams in plaids and stripes at 3/c Other little edges suitable for calicoes, ginghams, etc., such as dark Men's heavy knit undershirts, at z5c.
a yard. blue, red, pink, light blue and lavender, we keep in stock also. Men's custom made Nainsook undershirts, at 25c.
Martha Washington novelty prints, in handsome designs and good If you need feather stitch or finishing braid, or the rick rack braid, Men's bleached India gauze shirts, with French neck at zsc.
colors, 4$c. come to us. Men's Balbriggan undershirts, French neck, worth 45c, our pricce 3oc.
Turkey red calicoes with white figures and stripes. Fast colors at 4c. Domestics and Sheeting Et Men's brown balbriggan undershirts and drawers at 35c a garmet,
We have five or six different brands of novelty goods at 5c a yard, such and worth Soc.
as vinola prints, Arabseques, Glaselle, etc. See these; they are beautiful. Yard wide unbleached cotton, at 4c. A better grae shirts and drawers at 45c each.
Simpson best solid black calico, absolutely fast colors, only Sc a yard. Yard wide.b!eached cotton, at 4$c. Men' s clouded Angola und drawers ahirts, French finished neck at 4.c.
Wm. Simpson & Sons, finest grade silver gray half mourning calico Sc. A better grade at Sc. Men's clouded Angola undershirts, French finished neck at .
Cohico "D" satines ecru grounds with lavender, green and navy blue A fine grade bleached cotton, at 634. Men's super brown Lisle thread undershirts at 65c each.
figures, worth roc, our price 8/c. Green ticket. Lonsdale cotton; at 7c. Men's tan and black socks, at 5c.
Solid colored light blue and cream brocaded satines, very handsome Good grade unbleached 9-4 shet ting at rac a yard. A much better grade at 8/c.
worth 25c, our price r5c. Pepperrell unbleached 9-4 sheeting, at J4c. Men's seamless black socks at roc pair.
Cream, pink and garnet satine at 8/c. Pepperell enbleached 10-4 sheeting at x6c. Better grades in black, tan and Balbriggan at r 2c, u5c, soc and cSc.
Black satine at 84c, ioc, izic, x5c and 2oc. Bleached 9-4 pepperrell sheeting x6c. We havea complete line of men's collars at 8c, aoc and as3c.
Handsome colored duck for dresses at roc. These are wash goods. " 10-4 " " 18c. Men's four-ply linen cuffs at o5c, aoc and 25c a pair.
Solid colored duck in white, black and tan at roc. " 11-4 " " soc. A full line of summwhite bows.
Percales for shirt waists, in every conceivable color, in all newestdesigns. Mattress ticking at 4/c a yard. A full line of summer four-in-hands.
Blue organdy at 25c a yard. A heavier grade ticking at 5c. A full line of summer scarfs.
And all other new, seasonable goods at the very lowest prices. These Good ma:tress ticking at 83c and roc yard. Men's large Indigo blue handkerchiefs Sc.
must be seen to be appreciated. Heavy cotton checks at 3c. Men's large turkey red handkercief s 4c.
It is not alone in wash goods that our stock shows novelties. Our line Heavy cheviot for men's shirts, 734c. Men's extra large turkey red handkerchiefs, 5c.
of black goods for skirts are triumphs of the designers' art. The fabrics Heavy blue Demins roc, worth i5c. Men's plain white hemstitched handkerchiefs, 5c.
are light weight and are specially desirable for warm weather. Comfort Cottonade.for pants at 83c. Men's fine cambric handkerchiefs at roc and 2c.
should never be sacrificed for appearance sake. These new goods are Fine grade cottonade for pants at 1z2 and r~c. Men's plain white linen handkerchiefs at 2oc and 25c.
handsome, light in weight and cheap. See them. This list by no means represents our entire stock. Just think of it. We have a complete line of men's work shirts at 25c to oc.
We have some novelty wool goods for summer wear in colors. Also The best table oil cloth oc a yard. We have a handsome assortment of men's white shirts, all qualstyles
about two dozen waist patterns in summers silks. No two alike. Prices Towels for 4c, 5c, 73/c, roc and up. You must see our collection of negligee shirts;
are cheaper than you could get the same thing for in New Orleans. Lace curtains a/ yards long, taped edges, at 45c and 6oc. each to $x.25.
After May 5, we expect to move into our new building on Main street, near post-office. It is rapidly approaching completion. It will be 60 feet wide by 100 feet
long. We will then have ample room for our immense stock and we will be able to increase our very, very large assortment.
If saving money is any object to you come and examine our stock.
,41STROT BROS. H0 CO..
Mh/J~a.ins st=rint, NCTSe-wr Iberia, "Ea.
THE GAZETTE.
.ubscriplion Price, : $i Per Year
So. Pac. Schedule.
EAST BOUND.
No. 9g, Arri's 2:46 a. m., L'ves 2:56 a. m.
No. 17, , 122:20 p. m., * 12:45 P. m.
WEST BOUND.
No. so. Arri's 1.41 a. m. L'ves 2:41 a. m.
No. i8, *' 3:35 p. m. " 3:35 p- m.
AI EXANDRIA BRANCH.
East bound, No. 73, Arrives 12:Io p. m.
West bound, No. 72, Leaves 3:40 p. m.
AT NEW ORLEANS.
Arrives. Leaves.
No. 19 8:2o a. m. No. 20 8:20o p. m.
No. 17-6:4o p. m. No. 18 9:0o a. m.
Methodist Church Service.
Preaching at Lafayette on the 1st, and
and 4th Sabbaths, at 11 a. m. and 7 p. m.
At Rayne on the 3rd and 5th Sabbaths at
1i o'clock and at night.
I. r. Reams, Pastor.
DEMOCRATIC TICKET.
FOR MAYOR,
CHAS. D. CAFFERY.
FOR COUNCILMEN:
DR. THOS. B. HOPKINS.
A. EMILE MOUTON,
DR. G. A. MARTIN,
JOSEPH J. DAVIDSON,
JOSEPH A. LANDRY,
ALCIDE J. BRU,
JOHN HAHN,
Mrs. Clifton Kennedy and son,
Alley, of Opelousas, attended the
Hannegan- McFaddin wedding.
Mr. John Rand- has erected a
small store-building near his resi
dence.
Miss Emma Frere, of Franklin,
was the guest of Mrs. Wm. Clegg
this week.
My watch runs well since Biossat
repaired it.
Mrs. Alma McBride and step-'
daughter, Miss Loula, left for
Franklin last Monday to spend a
week with friends and relatives.
Mrs. Chas. Voorhies, of St.
Martinville, was in Lafayette this
week the guest of Mr. J. A. Robi
chaud's family:
Died at a o'clock a. m., Wednes
day, April r, Mrs. Mary Hart,
wife of Mr. J. B. Hart, aged le
rs.
Mr. Jos. G. Leflanc of Brous
sard and Miss Angelina Gauthier of
St. Martinville, will be married at
half past nine, Wednesday, April
28. at Live Oak Plantation, in St.
Martin parish.
Mr. and Mrs. Tom Torian of
Rosedale, La., visited the home of
Mr. W. B. Torian this week.
The Louisiana State Medical
Society will meet in New Orleans
on May 4. Several physicians
from Lafayette will attend the
meeting.
Biossat makes a specialty of
watch zepairing.
Mr. Edwin Walters, a brother-in
law of Mrs. S. T. Givens of this
place, died Saturday,. April 17, at
his home in Baltimore, Maryland.
Paralysis was the cause of his death.
Mr. Walters was one of Baltimore's
best known and wealthiest citizens.
Judge C. H. Mouton, of St.
Martinville, spent several days this
week with relatives in Lafayette.
The new building built by Mr.
B. F. Anderson for Mr. Maurice
Mouton is a very neat structure and
presents a fine appearance.
Biossat, the watchmaker.
Mr. H. H. Hargrove, staff cor
respondent of the Picayune, was in
Lafayette a few hours Wednesday
afternoon. The Gazette acknowl
edges a pleasant visit from Mr.
Hargrove.
Walter Gates, of the insurance
farm of Gates & Craig of New
Iberia, was in Lafayette Tuesday.
Anthony Muller and Mr. Davis,
of the New Iberia bar, were in La
fayette Wednesday.
A number, of painters, under the
supervision of Foreman Morgan,
are at work on the Crescent hotel.
Judges Blackman and Mouton
adjourned the Circuit Court at New
Iberia last Monday after disposing
of a heavy docket, and opened
court here Wednesday.
Harry Durke and Harrison The
all, of Royville, were in Lafayette
Thursday.
Alex Vanderdoes has returned to
F Lafayette and resumed his position
at the telegraph office of the South
Sern Pacific Company. Ed Chase
who had replaced Mr. Vanderdoes
during his absence has gone back
to Sunset, where he was formerly
employed.
Mrs. Simms who was on a visit
at the home of her parents, Mr.
and Mrs. J. M. Jones, left Tuesday
for her home in Kansas City, Mo.
The Gazette thinks that if the
School Board is able to make a
small appropriation to paint the
iron roof of the High School build
ing it should do so at once. A lit
tle paint would prevent the rust
from eating up the roof.
As soon as the jail repairs are
finished the Police Jury should see
about painting the court-house. It
is sorely in need of a fresh coat.
The valuable lot next to Judge
O. C. Mouton's office was sold by
Mrs. Theodule Hebert, Jr., to Mr.
Gus Lacoste for the sum of $z,5oo.
This is one of the best lots in town
for either residence or a business
house.
If interested in wall paper,
window shades and matting Moss
Bros. & Co. have attract;ve new
patterns at persuasive prices.
The boys had a very interesting
game of ball at the Oak Avenue
Park last Sunday evening. It was
played by the "Dixies" and a
picked nine, resulting in a score of
six to two in favor of the former.
Some very creditable playing was
done on both sides. Another prac
tice game will take place to-morrow
at 4 o'clock. An invitation is ex
tended to everybody.
Hon. Robert Broussard arrived
in New Iberia Wednesday. He
will return shortly to Washington to
attend to his duties.
Wanted-An Idea 51
ý'ý'týiýETo °ý s°'rw o.ýý i.ai
Improep your stock by
breeding to registered bull,
Star of St. Landry
(No. 47473.)
FEB 2.50. Usual privi
leges of return. At J. D.
MOUTON'8.
Notice Of Tableau.
Succession of Althea Lee, deceased
wife of David Riggs-17th Ju
dicial Distrct Court-Par
ish of Lafayette-No.
2100.
Whereas, David Riggs, of the parish of
Lafayette, administrator of the estate of
Althea Lee, has filed a final tableau of clas
sification of debts and distribution of funds
of said estate accompanied by his petition
praying for the homologation of the same
and whereas the prayer of said petition has
been graimed by an order of court bearing
date April 24, 1897. Now therefore, no
tice is hereby given to all persons interested
including the heirs of said deceased Althea
Lee, to make opposition to said tableau and
file same In writing in my office in the town
of Lafayette, within the time required by
law, why the said tableau should not be
homologated and confirmed.
ED G. VooaHIES, Clerk.
April 24, 1897.
Sheriff's Sale.
Tennessee Coal, Iron & Railroad Co. vs.
Lafayette Sugar Mf'g Co.-Civil Dis
trict Court of Orleans Parish, La.,
No. 49173.
By virtue of a writ of fieri facias issued In the
above numbered and entitled cause and to me di
rected. I. the undersigned, have seized and taken
into my possession and will sell for cash to the last
and highest bidder between legal sale hours at the
front door of the court-house of Lafayette parish, on
Saturday. May 2. 15897,
the following described property, to-wit:
All the right, title, clnaim'hd interest of said ,'
fendant in and to *"one certain judgment entitled
'Lafayette Sugar Manufacturing Co. vs. August
Detrez. justice of the peace. rd wMrd of Lafayette
parsh. for the sum of slaty dollars and interes '
1. A. BsoussArto.
Sheriff Lafayette Parish.
April 17. c897.
Notice.
Public notice is hereby given that in ac
cordance with the charter of the corpora
tion of Lafayette, La., the bi-ennial election
for a mayor and seven councilmen is called
to be held on the first Monday of May,
A. D. 1897, being the third day thereof.
Said election will he held at the court-house
in Lafayette between the hours of 7 o'clock
a. m. and 6 o'clock p. min., and will be con
ducted according to the provisions of Act
No. 137 of the act of the Legisture of I896,
of the State of Louisiana.
L El G. VOORHett, Clerk of ConUP.
Lafayette, La., April Ig, 1897.
Sheriff's Sale.
Mrs. Aurelia Dupre, wife, etc., vs.
Jacques Dupre, Natural Tutor
xith Judicial District Court, No.
15x89, St. Landry Parish, La.
By virtue of a writ of fieri facias issued
in the above entitled suit and to me directed
I, the undersigned, have seized and taken
into my possession, and will sell for cash to
the last and highest bidder, at the front
door of the court-house in Lafayette parish,
between legal sale hours, on
Saturday, May 15, 1897,
a certain lot of ground, together with all
improvements, situated in the town of Lafa
yette, La., and being designated as lot
marked "A" on a plan made by Jno. i).
Terrence. C. E., on Dec. 16, 188o, having a
front on Buchanan street of sixty feet, by
a depth of between parallel lines of ninety
nine feet, bounded north by property of
Mrs. J. J. Mouton or assigns, south by that
of Mrs. J. A. Veazey, east by Buchanan
street and west by lot marked "D" on said
plan of survey. I. A. BROUSSARD,
Sheriff of Lafayette.
April so, 1897.
Sheriff's Sale.
Southwestern Building and Loan
Association vs. J. M. Jones and
Geo. C. Budd-No. 3963
- 7th Judicial District Court,
Parish of Lafayette, La.
By virtue of a writ of seizure and sale
under executory process iss urd by the Hon.
17th Judicial Distridt Court it the above
entitled suit, and to me directed, I have
seized and taken into my possession, and
will sell without appraisement tothe last and
highest bidder for cash, within the hours
prescribed by law, at the front door of the
court-house in the town of Lafayette, on
Saturday, May 1, 1897,
the following described property, to-wit:
A certain tract of land with all the build
ings and improvements thereon, situated in
the parish of Lafayette, State of Louisiana.
containing four hundred arpents, more or
less, bounded North by Bayou Carencro,
South by lands of Onezime and the heirs of
Hypolite Breaux, East by lands of Ernest
Potier, West by lands of H. Guilbeau.
I. A. BROUSSARD,
Sheriff of Lafayette Parish.
March 27, 1897.
"ST. LANDRY'S CYCLONE."
35698
A fine Registered Jersey Bull, 4'
years old in April. His Sire the
only bull living or dead that ever
produced an 8-gallon Jersey cow.,
His dan, 4 gollons. His daughters '
very promising. Tabulated pedi
gree. Object of sale, to avoid in
breeding. Price $75 here.
C. A. SAINT,
Sun Set, La.
3-6. i
Constable Sale.
By virtue of the parish stock law end by
authority in me vested, I, the undersigned
constable, have taken into my possession
and will sell for cash to the last and highest
bidder at my residence, in the 7th ward of
the parish of Lafayette, between legal sale
hours, on
Saturday, April 24., 1897,
I the following, to-wit: One creole mare and
one two-year-old calf. E. COMAUvx,
Constable 7th Ward.
SApril to. 1897.
Lands for Sale.
Several hundred acres of good lands situ
I ated in the parish of Lafayette for sale om
- easy terms. Apply to
t JNO. A. HUNTER, Rayne, La.
4-6m.
Sheriff's Sale.
James F. Morris vs. Preston Hof
pauir-No. 400oo- 7th Judi
cial District-State of
Louisiana.
By virtue of an order of seizure and sale
issued from the y7th Judicial District Court
in the above entitled and numbered cause,
and to me directed, I have taken into my
possession and will sell to the last and
highest bidder for cash, between legal sale
hours on
Saturday, April 34, 1897,
the following described property to-wit:
A certain tract or panrel of land situated
in the parish of Lafayette and described as
the southeast quarter of section No. five (5),
in township No. ten (to)south of range No.
three (3) east and containing forty-four (44)
I acres more or less and being the same pro
I erty acquired by Preston Hoffpanir from W.
W. Duson as per act No--- dated Sept.
I1, 1894. I. A. BaotssAjtD,
Sheriff Lafayette Parish.
March 20, 1897.
The Gasoline Launch
EDITH
Will leave Pin Hook Bridge
every Monday at 7. o'clock a. nm.
for Coxaa's Bank,. at the seashore.
Round trip fare, $4.00. For par
ticulars apply to ALFRED HEBRRT,
Lafayette, La.
3-6.
i Wanted--An Idea I
Ohas. D. caffery. * "
Attorney-at.Law
and Notary Public.
Oflfice on Madison Street
Lafayette, Louisiana.