*fM GAZETTE.
S trsption Price, $. $Per Year
tOWN AND COUNTRY.
am Levy returned home Monday
frdm Beaumont, Texas.
. A. Dimitry and A. Cheffer, of
Catrencro, were in town Sunday.
"riiss Lea .Gladu is visiting Mr.
and Mrs. Louis Domengeaux at
Houston.
Jailian Craig, the Insurance agent v
from New Iberia, was in Lafayette I
"Tlursday. t
Miss Emma Jones. of Carencro, r
was the guest of Miss Rubie Wallis 0
this week. t
Dr. Lessly and Albert Guidry,
of Carencro, were in Lafayette
Thursday.
Our friend, Mr. Vallery Ledoux, o
of Lake Arthur, paid us an appre- D
ciated visit Monday morning.
Win. Hutchins, of Lake Charles, sm
was the guest of Mr. B. A. Salles, Bl
Saturday.
The best grades of flour at prices an
that surprise everybody. Every
barrel guaranteed at Mouton &
Salles'. Bi
J. E. Trahan returned home Sun- the
day morning from San Antonio, th4
Texas, where he spent several s
weeks. As
W. S. ¶Durke, of Washington, neb
spent several days this week with wo
his brother, Harry, near Royville. arr
He left Friday for Washington. hin
Thos. H. Lewis, Esq., of Opelou- ma
sas, passed through town Sunday the
from Crowley where he had gone thiu
on legal business. woi
One of Alfred Chargois' little hint
boys fell off a horse Friday offii
morning, but fortunately escaped ung
unhurt. was
The only place in'town to get fine left
candies, hoarhound and pure stick
candy is at Mouton & Salles'.
Frank J. Bernard, an enterprising wor
young business man of Rayne, was a Si
in Lafayette last week and visited helc
The Gazette office. or
An opened boll of cotton, raised Mr.
on one of Gerac Bros'. farms, was Stat
brought to this office Thursday will
morning. assih
A. L. Dyer, a prominent resident in tl
and business man of Royville, was the
in the city Wednesday and called on of C
The Gazette. vitec
Everything in the dry goods and the,
notion lines at cut prices at Mouton
& Salles'. As
Elects
Miss Emma Castille has returned it effe
to her home in Grand Coteau after dnr
a pleasant stay of several weeks in procu,
this city. She was the guest of the Ectr
Misses Lafond. tonic 1
Miss Amanda Smith, of New arge
Iberia, and Mrs. Pierre Theaux, of Clegg
Lake Charles, have been the guests
of Mr. and Mrs. B. A. Salles, during Tu
the week. edito
A fresh lot of fine candies just C. B.
received from New York by Mou- this p
ton & Salles. tatios
Mr. Joe Billeaud of Lafayette was
here this week and was accompanied Rose
back home by Mrs. Alfred Billeaud nature
and children who will remain a few a sugs
days.-Breaux Bridge Valley. to his
The cotton gin which was adver- pleasa
tised for sale by Mr. A. Olivier, of northe
Broussard, in the two last issues of and n,
The Gazette, was sold last Monday At I
to Mr. Carlos Olivier of St. Martin- fortun
ville. If you have anything for sale nial ar
insert an advertisement in The Ga- thecoi
zette and you will soon find a pur- enterti
chaser.
The Society of Good Will. hospita
The Gazette is requested to an- erectec
nouce that a meeting of the Society It is or
of the Ladies of Good Will will be State, 1
held at Falk's Opera House, Tues- new an
day, July 3, at 5 P. m. All the the ap
members are urged to be present as Mr. Ba
some important business will be thewox
transacted. An invitation to join in a cle
the society is cordially extended to ner, ho
all the ladies of the town. After tl
cordial
Refused Ball.
Young Numa Angel, who is ac- theprt
cused "of killing Melancon, a boy of wi th
about r a years of age at a ball nearth e
Breaux Bridge some weeks ago, was t
demned bail by Judge Voorhies of r
St. Martiiville, and will have to Ro
remain in jail awaiting the next ses- lighted
sion of the criminal court of that ised tha
parish. Angelis the son of J. B. he
Angel, a prominent, citizen of St.
Martin parish. - Fine
"Cormnilg too Slow*" c
Tanis Heiirtrav;2nt, who fvas em- The
ployed at the Falk & Guchereau moved
brick yard, is in serious troubles. erected
He is 9harged by t17ie..authorsttes jin The pos
Opeloursas ' witl :buiay. Hei, the same
and &: young anan, -alaed Corvillcce
ae f·:mgei
i'. in Opelousas early Monday morniutg
for the purpose of robbery.
'er Year Fortunately Medici's wife heard the
y burglars and called for help, which
frightened them - away. They
dropped a hat and a coat button,
fonday which proved to be the clues that
led to their arrest. Pursuant to in
ffer, of structions from Sheriff Fontenot of
lay. Opelousas, Sheriff Broussard ar
ig Mr. rested Heurtravant who was found
mx at at the brick yard. He was turned
over to an officer from Opelousas
agent where he is now in jail. When
fayette Heurtravant left forOpelousas before
the commission of the crime, it is
encro, reported that he remarked to some
Wallis one that "money here was coming
too slow to suit him."
uidry, A "Bad Man" in the Toils.
Fayette Sheriff Bioussard received infor
mation last Friday from Sheriff Ellis,
doux, of Houston, that a desperate charac
ter named Hemnessy, alias W. M.
Dean,and wanted for shooting a wo- ii
man almost to death, had been located g
s, somewhere in this parish. Sheriff
alles, Broussard at once started to work b
and soon found out that a stranger b
prices answering descriptions had secured
vn & employment and was living near 0
Broussardville Saturday morning h,
Sun- the Sheriff went to the house where lip
the fugitive was stopping, found him sl
veral there and placed him under arrest.
As Sheriff Broussard had been told w
by the Houston official that Hen
gtn, nessey was a dangerous man and nc
would, if given a chance, resist a
ille. arrest, he lost no time in covering on
him with his pistol. Hennessey w
lou- made no resistence, but he informed all
aday the sheriff that it was a fortunate an
gone thing that he was unarmed as he set
would have made it interesting for pa
little him. He also reproached the
iday officer for having taken him in an Hi
aped unguarded moment. Hennessey wa
was delivered to Sheriff Ellis who
fine left immediately for Houston. of
Sunday School Convention. un4
Those interested in Sunday School col
sing work will be pleased to know that Ha
was a Sunday School Convention will be the
sited held in Lafayette, about August 6 ciei
or 7-exact date will be fixed later.
ised Mr. C. A. Tiebaut, representing the Orl
was State Sunday School Association, fort
day will conduct the convention and be -
assisted by several earnest workers witi
ent in the cause. All having at heart Gra
was the welfare of this important branch and
I on of Christian labor are cordially in- to t
vited to attend and participate in
and the proceedings. in a
will
ton Cure for Headache.
As a remedy for all forms of Headache
Electric Bitters has proved to be the very best. lege
led It effects a permanent cure and the most opp
dreaded habitual sick headaches yield to its
ter influence. We urge all who are afflicted to Mic
in procure a bottle and give this remedy a fair may
trial. In cases of habitual constipation
e Electric Bitters cures by giving the needed one.
tonic to the bowels, and few cases long re
sist the use of this medicine. Try it once.
ew Large bottles only Fifty cnets at Wm. Lulu
of Clegg's Drug Store. to G
sts A Trip to Huron. . time
ng Tuesday morning. J. D. Rose, -
editor of the Hardin (Ill.) Herald, fic C
1st C. B. Porch and a representative of few <
u- this paper, visited the Huron plan- -
tation situated on Bayou Teche in and ;
St. Martin parish. This is Mr. derfu
as Rose's firsf visit to Louisiana and exist.
d naturally he was very anxious to see face 4
a sugar plantation before returning sorel:
to his northern home. The drive to -1
Huron proved to be an exceedingly Orles
r- pleasant one and revealed to the ness
northern editor many interesting -l
:f and novel sights. pletec
Y At Huron the party had the good presel
- fortune to fall in charge of the ge- -1
ne nial and gentlemanly book-keeper of lic Cl
- the company, Mr. L. T. Bailey, who in th
r entertained his guests in true South- on e,
ern style and with proverbal Acadian office,
hospitality. The large sugar refinery most 1
- erected about a year ago was visited. and w
It is one of the largest mills in the have
e State, the machinery being complete, proud
- new and in splendid condition for -19
e the approaching grinding season. Mr. (
s Mr. Bailey understands thoroughly while
Sthe working of the mill and exp.lained, day, i
Sin a clear and comprehensive man- casin 1
, ner, how sugar is made and refined. ing ag
After thanking Mr. Bailey for the P. Fra
cordial treatment extended them, very s
the party drove to Arnaudville where was ca
a few hours were agreably spent per tre
with those whole-souled genlemen, stantly
the Messrs. Rogers, after which the ofhisr
oarty drove back to Lafayette. M
Mr. Rose expressed himself as de- in Lafi
lighted with this section and prom- -M
ised that he would return homne and heim o
sing the praises of the lovliest coun- couple
try he had ever seen" the far
Fine creamery butter received Chas
twice a week at Mouton & Salles'. ladies a
pleasan
The Advesfiser oice- has been visit wi]
moved into die buildi g recently pileasure
erected near T. M. Biossat's store. acquain
-The post-:office will be located in _
the saie building on August x. Ia, is
Cypess" sppit skove wod a' Moss Carenci
ornirg - Caruencro News.
obbery. From Our Regular Correspondent.
aTrd the he crops in this section, with
which the exception of corn, are in first
class condition. Cane and cotton
They could not be better. The corn
s that owing to the long dry spell, has not
to in- succeeded so well.
-ot of -Mr. O. P. Guilbeau, was in
notd ar-of Breaux Bridge last week visiting
found relatives and friends.
turned -Mesdames J. P. Francez and
lousas Dom Cayret, with Miss Graziella
When Francez returned home last Friday,
before from a visit to the sea-coast in the
it is neighborhood of Chenier la Croix,
some where they passed a most .pleasant g
time.
ing -The Southern Pacific Co. will
build a switch for the "Carencro
Is. Sugar Company" a quarter of a mile
infor- south of the station.
Ellis, -Shippers of cotton often suffer th
zarac- heavy loss, owing totheir cotton being
V. M. sent to the "pickery" after delivery
wo- in New Orleans, where the bale
cated goes through a generaloverhauling, £
stained cotton removed and rotten Co
work bagging renewed. This loss could cui
anger be greatly reduced, if not wholly a."
ured prevented, if our ginners, would
near only exercise a little more care in For
ning handling the bales. Parallel scant
here ling or "skids" of 4 by 4 lumber N.
him should be laid on the ground, and
rest. the cotton placed on top, which dr
told would keep it out of the mud, and suj
Hen- permit a free ventilation of air be-en
and neath. Of course this would only
esist apply to such bales as are thrown p10
Bring on the ground awaiting delivery. his
ssey We trust that those gins that do not be
med already follow this plan, will make of i
arrangements to do so the coming
he season, and thereby save their h
for patrons this great loss. fro
the -Mr. T. L. Bailey, the general con
an Huron Agent of the Teche road, Sug
sey was in town last Friday. ind4
who -The erection of the buildings the
of the Carencro-Sugar Co., is now by
under way, and work will steadily then
ool continue until completion. The Sen
hat Hart Well Co. has been awarded T
be the contract for furnishing a suffi- tion
st 6 cient supply of water. grea
ter. -Rev. Father Lambert of New of tl
the Orleans, was the guest of Father La- that
on, forest a few days ago. on b
be -Capt. Cook is now working and
:ers with his men on the grading between tory
art Grand Point and Breaux Bridge,that
rich and will complete the Teche road rif
in- to that point about October the 1st. and
in -Rev. Father Laforest will lea ve pron
in a few days for Canada, where he spite
will enter his nephew, Master Victor the s
che Grenier, at one of the leading col- crati,
st. leges. He will avail himself of the shoul
nest opportunity of visiting relatives in ing ti
to Michigan. We trust that his trip that 1
fain may prove a thoroughly enjoyable repor
ed one. Our best wishes are with him. Vash
re- -Mrs. E. WV. Glenn and Miss effect
ce. . rende
rm Lulu Jones went with the excursion
to Galveston, and had a delightful and a
time. body
e, -Mr. Randolph, Southern Paci- the in
d, fic Claim Agent, was in Carencro a corpo
of few days since. unani
- -Between politicians on one side, dorse
in and strikers on the other, it is won- land t
r. derful how the railroads manage to the i
6 exist. There is no interest on the princi
e face of the earth so continuously and and w
g sorely tried. portin
o -Mr. A. C.Guilbeau went to New that t
ly Orleans some days since on a busi- Senat<
e ness trip.
r -Mr. Simon Latour has just com- has ber
pleted his new residence which now legislate
d presents a very nice appearance. met, Iu
-The building of the new Catho- of the p
i lic Church, will be commenced early splendid
oin the Fall. The plans are now hatwi
on exhibition at Father Laforest's accepte
noffice, which would go to indicate a The
ymost beautiful and imposing edifice; lature
and when completed Carencro will not pa
have a church that it can well be
proud of. this tim
-Mr. Mamere, a farmer living on can be a
Mr. Goe. E. Brown's plantation, ifthesun
while working in his field last Satur- fhe s
day, was severely bitten by a moc- that year
casin snake, and suffered excruciat- mendmn
ing agony for several hours. Dr. J. That
P. Francez, who has proven himself adopted I
very successful in several such cases, legislatu
was called in and applied the pro- hfahe no
per treatment, relieving the man in- election ii
stantly, and there is now no doul t Louisiana
of his recovery. any candi
-Mr. Placide Breaux was a visitor ignorance
in Lafayette this week. We co
(-Misses Yetta and Anna HIeichel- good as
Look at _I
heim of New Orleans have passed a and youa
couple of weeks in Carencro with one thing
the family of their brother, Prof. is, that all
Chas Heichelheim. Both young Legislatu.
ladies are accomplished musicians, members
pleasant and charming, and their delse them
visit will long be remembered with criticise tl
pleasure, by those who formed their never to
acquaintance. should ne
-Mrs. Ouber of Texas Landing and since:
Ja., is a visitor among friend. in epul
CJairlencro. -dT.he legi
public school at Prairie Basse, in the
m, with neighborhood of Mr. L. G. Stelly's
in first place, meets with general approval
cotton -Mr. F. Otto, that thorough old
e corn Jeffersonian democrat, was in town
has not this week.
-Mrs. Daigle of New Orleans is
was in spending a while here with her sis
visiting ter, Mrs. V. E. Dupuis.
-It is well that the Louisiana
:z and Legislature has informed us that it
raziella "embraced the brains of the State",
oriday, therwise we might not have noticed
it. i
in the t
Croix, -The Huron Social Club is to i
easant give another one of its charming
receptions in a few days. a
. will -The building of the Canencro
rencro Sugar Mill is giving employment to a
a milea number of our mechanics and d
laborers, which comes in very nicely b
suffer this season of the year.
_being _ OTIDEM VERBIS
:livery Bucklen's Arnica Salve. di
bale THE BEST SALVEin the world for Cuts, at
Bruises, Sores, Ucers, Salt Rheum, Fever tI
ling, Sores, Tetter, Chapped Hands, Chilblains,
rotten Corns, and all Skin Eruptious, and positively n'
could cures Piles, or no pay required. It is fa
rholly guaranteed to give perfect satisfaction or of
would money refunded. Price 25 cents per box. wl
re in For sale by Wm. Clegg. Ai
icant- THE SUGAR FIGHT.
Imber N. O. states. in
and Senator Vilas has refused to wit- lif
ahich draw his motion to strike out of the gel
and sugar schedule the x-8 cent differ- ter
be- ential duty on refined sugars, and
only this has given rise to numerous re
rown ports to the effect that if he presses deg
his motion the whole tariff bill will wol
not be defeated. There are members
Iake of the House, however .who are in- to t
ruing clined to believe that the Senate, ta,
their when the pinch comes, will recede and
from the z-8 cent duty, and if, in i
feral consequence, the friends of the him
oad, Sugar Trust defeat the tariff bill, an nev:
independent bill putting all sugar on mal
ings the free list will at once be passed d
now by the House, and every effort will comn
dily then be made to push it through the ,nes
The Senate.
*ded Thus it will be seen that the situa- H
uffi- tion in Congress is one fraught with mak
great danger for the sugar industry ren
oew of this State, but it is to be hoped New
La- that the quiet conferences now going t
on between the leaders of the House ach
ing and Senate will result in a satisfac- Life
een tory compromise of all the differences these
Ige, that prevent an agreement on the who
gad tariff bill. There is reason to hope glad
and believe that in the end a com
ye promise will be reached, because in The
he spite of the bluster and threats of
the so-called conservatives Demo- D.
:ol- cratic Senators, they do not care to repro
shoulder the responsability of defeat- select
in ing the tariff bill. It is quite plain we
that there is no foundation for the from
rip of Pu
ble reports which were sent out from questi
Wm. ashington Saturday night to the fre
iss effect that the House will soon sur- times
render to the demands of the Senate thoga
ful and accept the bill which the latter Finan
body has amended and mutilated in and N
:i- the interests of the the trusts and ably.
a corporations. The Democratic press viltage
unanimously and enthusiastically in- than c
dorsed the letter of President Cleve- times
n- land urging the House to stand by $2.50
to the Wilson bill and the pledges and arrang
he principles of the Democratic party, per ye
id and with the press and people sup
porting its position it is not likely OListo
that the House will yield to the Pa 1
Senate. term.
Look at Their Work. Monroc
For weeks past editorial after editorial Albert I
" has been published denouncing the Louisiana Je
W legislature as the most worthless that ever Areie
met, but we do not agree with our confreres Louis Vi
of the press. Look at the large number of ae I
Ssplendid laws that have been enacted, and AleAn
the amendments to the constitution adopted vin
Sthat will be of great benefit to the State if IPe
s accepted by the people. Adolph
a The greatest uproar against the legis- NIsB
lature has been because that: body would Alfredd1
not pass an Australian ballot law. We Romulus
believe that the legislature acted for the homA
best when it refused to adopt such a law at os w. a
this time. The Australian ballot system 1
a can be adopted with perfect safety in 1896,
if the suffrage amendment to the constitution AandS
of the State is carried at the April election Alibj
that year. With an Australian ballot law in Emile P,
force now, it is doubtful if the suffrage ph
- amendment could be carried in 1896. olivier
That the suffrage amendment will be Wiliam
adopted by the people in 1896, and that a FelixhDe
legislature will be elected that year in favor fu a
of the intelligence of thu State ruling, we E. B Mar
. have not the least doubt. After the April d o
election in 1896 the intelligent people o roJul
Louisiana will be in a position to vote for
any candidate for ofice they wish, without
ignorance capturing the government.
We consider the present legislature as
good as any we have had since the "war.
Look at the work they have accomplished
and you must also so agree. But there is
one thing that we cannot agree to and that
is, that all the brains of the State is in the On the
Legislature, nor do we concur with those
members who said on the floor of the house
and Senate that the press had no rigjt criti- EXC
cise them. It is the duty of the press to
criticise the actions of all public officers, but COi
never to critiise them uujustly.. The press
should never forget tiat perfectly honest
and sincere men differ widely in their opin- n Ple
ions on public policy. nics, Parti
The legislature adjourned on last Thnrs- bathing
day. All unbaised citizens nmst armit that see the p
e,in the uthd Succgess of Dull PupiI$.
Stelly's Journal of Education.
It is a matter of universal knowledge that
pproval the dull pdpil is very apt to be exceptionally
ugh old successful. The editor of the Journal recalls -
s town but five genuinely dull pupils in all of his
teaching experiences. They were so dull,
pans is so stupid dull, that they seemed to be abso
lutely hopeless cases. No one of them could
or would have ever been promoted at any
stage in his career but for the utter useless
uisiana ness of remaining where he was. There was
that it no bright streak to illumine the horrizon of
State", that effort with hope, and yet one of them
became a successful grammar school princi
pal, one an equally successful high school
principal in a bright Missachusetts town, one
is to became eminently successful as a Bjston
irming merchant, -the leading man in social, club,
and political circles, with his portrait fre
quently adorning the Boston dailies as the
lencro presiding genius on many public occasions, y
Lent to and on one occasion they pictured his resi
i and dence and his library. Of the girls, one is a
nicely brilliant society women, entertaining right
royally; and the other has a beautiful home,
and is high in the official life of several of
tBlS the fraternal organizations. It would be
difficult to match those five dull pupils with
Cuts, any other five that ever "went to school" to
Fever the writer.
blains, "How do you account for this ?" It is
titively not easy. No explanation is entirely satis
It is factory, but the editor came upon a sentence p
ion or of one of Burke's great speeches, that in
r box. which he made a plea for counciliation of
America, that is worthy of consideration in
this connection. In speaking of the success
of the Americans, of which the British was
incredulous, Burke said that experiences in
Wit- life and studies made in order to meet emer
f the gencies "render men acutah 'isitive, dex
iffer- terous, prompt in attack, rediW' in defence,
and full of recources." It was true of each of
the five dull pupils already referred to that
i re- they had an education and discipline, and
esses developed resources in real life that they
will would not have developed but for the reali
zers zation that there was no success for them
without it. It was really of inestimable value
in- to them that they were dull in school and
that they knew it. In each case they dis
tanced the brilliant members of that class
ede and their families. They developed resour
ces from emergencies because they were dull.
All the credit that their teacher can take to TH
the himself is that he never "kept them back,"
never "broke their conrage," never empha
sized their dullness as a thing that would
r on make success impossible or improbable. He
sed did all he could to stimulate their courage
and inspire with hope. A doll pupil with
will courage and hope has ever chance of becom
the ing "full of resources" in society and busi
ness.
Four Big Successes.
.ua- Having the needed merit to more than
iith make good all the advertising claimed for
them, the following four remedies have
itry reached a phenomenal sale. Dr. King's
ped New Discovery, for consumption, Coughs,
and Colds, each bottle guaranteed-Electric Pa
Bitters, the great remedy for Liver, Stom
use ach and Kidneys. Bucklen's Arnica Salve,
the best in the world, and Dr. King's New
ac- Life Pills, which are a perfect pill. All
ces these remedies are guarenteed to do just Scho
what is claimed for them and the dealer
whose name is attached herewith will be
>pe glad to tell you more of them. Sold at
m- Wm. Clegg's Drug Store. Pr
in The Cream of Current
of Thought. r-6
PUBLIC OPINION, published at Washington,
D. C., is a weekly journal devoted to the
to reproduction, in condensed form, of carefully
at- selected magazine articles and of editorials
comment from the representative daily and
tin weekly press of all political parties, and
:he from all parts of the country. The readers
of PUBLIC OPINION get all sides of every
)m question. It is just the paper that the
he farmer and villager need for general reading.
It keeps its readers fully abreast of 'the
Ir- times and supplies them with the best
te thought of the day in the fields of American
Affairs, Foreign Affairs Sociology, Commerce,
er Finance, Religion, Science, Education, Art,
Sand New Books. PUBLIC OPINION and the
rural weekly supplement each other admir
id ably. Together they give the farmer or
as villager and his family more of current news, A
editorial comment, and magazine literature
n- than can be had in any other way for five
times their cost- The price of PtrBLIC
e- OPINION has been reduced from $3.00 to
y $2.50o per year. We have just eompleted
td arrangements by which we can offer PUBLIC A. J.
OPINION and The Gazette for $3.0oo cash
y, per year.
P- Venire.
SOList o[Jurors drawn for the October t894, term of
tlhe IthJudicial District Court. in and for Latnyette
Parish La., for the first and second weeks of said
term.
FOR THE FIRST WEEIC OF SAID TER51I.
Ward. Ward
Monroe Spell z Ralph Duhon a
al Albert Delahoussaye 3 Paul DeCloet
Horace Comeaux 7 Octave Castille
o Joseph Bell 5 Arthur Billeattd
he le Sonnier illes onnemaison
r Aureien Olivier C. J. Sanders 3
Louis Vienne 3 Gaston Guidry
Ala.. lBroussard 4 Vileor Foreman a OFF
)f Ignace Hulien s Anthony Mouton 3
Alanro Laceyv Edward Douet 33
d li sJr. Albert Stutes e Cyre
Eret Frned 6 Adelma Mortin
if Joseph Hebert z Don Louis Herpin 33 H
avmd Spell a Frans Williams
Adolph tuidry 83 J. Aymar Labbe
Felix O. BrouSurd d-Edmond Voorhle. 6
- Numa Breaua 8 Eraste B Poin a
d Alfred Morgan Adam Bourgeois
Edward Weaklt j . Jonaes 6
e Romulus Lrnginis Salllfe s 6
Thompson Hoffpulr * Gustave Lacoste 3
SJean Alex Begneaud s William Wagner a
*S JpsW. lrousstrd 2 Rufus Peck an
Eugene Richard 3 Antheole Bernard 6
FOR THn SCOND IVasi OF SAID Tarxi. Stu
WVard Ward
Armand Guilbeu 6 Aurelien Panm o
Il.ucen St. Julien SP Jasper Spell
Aler L roussard PierreLO dry 3
Emile Preienn 6 ()neil G-uidry 8
Ford tofhfpanir 2 John Nugent
I Joseph Arceneaux 3 Albert Courect 3
Horace Martin 3 William Crrighton n
aOlivier Blanchet 4 L. F Riues
William Morgan n Aagle ste iLabbe
Joseph i)ucote 3 Zephirn Foreman 8
Felix B~emanade 3 Arthur Landry 3
John Bertrand 3 Joseph Lellane 4
Oculi Hernandas a N. L). Mloss 5
E. B. Martel 2 Octave Therint 4
A true and correct copy of the original llst ol Jurors
drawn and on file and record in my office this 26th
. A 4. . AILEY.
Beausejour Hat:
Springs.
On .the I~anks of the Beautiful Bayou
EXCELI.ENT SPIRNO WATER.
COMOI)IOUS BATII HIOUSES. SIcc
Large Dancing Platform. Beautiftl Grounds
and Plenty o] Shade. Etcgant Spot for Pic
nics, Parties, Etc. \Vator for drunking and Manufnate
bathing purposes unsurpassed. Come and
see the place and enjoy a splendid bath.
~rrjj %dw
dge that
:.1):all 1 DID YOU NOW IT?
I of his
so dull, :'
e abs- Lafayette, La., Ha sa
em could
at any MANUFATURING JEWELRY
useless
here was
rizon of A Department Where You Can Have the Most
)f them
Sprinci. cated Watches Repaired. A Department that
school
wnu, one Turns Out the Finest Engraving and
al, club, WORKS
it fre- DIAMOND WO K.
as the
Sasions, You Can Have As Fine Work in this Line As Any Hous
right In the United States, & Prices as Oh
I home,
eral of As Any Northern ouse. "
uld be
its with
Si T. IVI ES I is
satis
P. O. BOX 137. Lafayette, Leulsiean
on of
ion in
access
h was
ces in
THERE IS A STORE
fence,
ch of (N THE SOUT
that COR. COURT-HOU
and SQUARE,
they Uhere Pure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
reali- Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of Wines
value and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
and sonable prices.
cla A lso a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
sour- H Hardware.
de to THIS PLACE IS OWNED Y
rould
He
rage
busTRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E- TRAIHAN,
D FR (C I 8 T %, ,
have
ng's -AND DEALERS IN-
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES,
t School Books a-:d Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco and Cigars
be Meiiller's Perfumes
Prescriptions Compounded Day & Night
t-xz6-9 zy
ton,
the
ally
Miss Louise Revillon
and
lets Solicits a visit to her e y V
gan
the
M ILLI "Y
r t,
_ = . - -.P iR L O R  -
or
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF FINE GOODS IN THE
C LATEST STYLES.
to
ed
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
VKCS & MOUTON
id ass's
rd J- MB0u
At WHOLESALE and RETalL :"
O FFIC E AND YARD N EAR RAILROA D D EPO T
IAFAYElTTE. LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plows, Walking ·
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, htc.
Wagons, Cisterns.
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
NEW AND SEASONABLE
MILLINERY GOODS,
SUCH AS
Hats, FPathers, Silks, Embroideries, Etc. I
also Ladies' and children's RShe '..:,
G. LA CO
-DEALER IN- - ."-:
Stoves, Harness, ~Car_-.
and WAG
Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Ridl.latgj tiSi " •
Harow, Stsljt CYttr. Cors andi i