ogs a' Cures
L 7figer- i ie rip It Restores
Health and Strength.
arM. Dexter Ousr4s
Is well-known in Wisconsin as a manufactures
of collar pads and boots for horses, and is a re
liable business man:
" Madison, Wis., Jan. 90, 1893.
"Messrs. C. L Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass.
"I cannot speak in too favorable terms of the
good qualities of Hood's Sarsaparilla. I have
had a bad cough for nearly two years. coming
on after the grip. I tried physicians, went
twice tothe Hot Springs of Arkansas. but all
did no good. I got a bottle of ood's rear -
pNollll and it gave me relief at once. The
second dose seemed to go to the right spot.
I afterwards got six bottles, and have taken
nearly all of it, and know I am much better cv
ery way.
Somany medicines are advertised that do
no good, I would not say anything in favor of
Hood's ar Cures
any unless I was full satisfied it was good and
worthtrYing. I believe Hood's SPrsaparilla is
Cool " DE=-TER CURTIs.
Hood's Pills cure all Liver Ills, Bilious
mess, Jaundice, Indigestion, Sick Headache.
fo h Ir I of- *
FOR
BILIOUSNESS, DYSPEPSIA,
SICK HEADACHE, WEAK STOMACH,
SaNd brin. No
DISORDERS OF THE LIVER.
TEST~I~ONT.
I have used rodie's Pills for mny years in
my family and have found them invaluable in
allt uases, and as a Liver Pill do not think they
hare ao equal. Go. H. .
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
NMBICE, Rn. M 8.=.
I. L LYONS & CO., Proprietors,
Ies'wr Orwieesa&MM. Z.A.
A Pure Norwegian
Oil is the kind used
in the production
of Scott's Emul
sion - Hypophos
phitesof Lime and
Soda are added
for ;heir vital Cef- i"o's
fect upon nerve
and brain. No
mystery surrounds this formula
the only mystery is how quickly
it builds up flesh and brings back
strength to the weak of all ages.
Scott's Emulsion
will check Consumption and is
indispensable in all wasting dis
eases.
Prepared by Scott a Dwne., 7.Y. All druggIsta,
9WIS' 98 % LYE
POWDERED AND PERFUMED
(PATENTED)
The strongest and purest Lye
made. Unlike other Lye, It being
a nno powder ant packed in a can
with removable lid, the contents
are lalwas re-dy for use. Will
make the beet perfumed Hard
Soap in 80 minutes wzithout boll
ing It is the Lest for cleansing
waste pipes. disinfecting sinks,
closets, washing bottles, .ints,
trees.etc. PESN.I- ALT M' 1-i CO.
Oce. Agent . 11111.&., Faw
Separa W-O-R-Ls P-D-S F-A-I-B an
us.theletersto pelln as many words asyou
can by using the letters as many tlnmen as you
wish, either backwards or forwards, but not
use the same letter in makIng anty one w·ord
more times than it appears in " Vorld's l-'ar."·
It is said seventy-five small English words
can be spelled correctly from the ten letters
contained In "World's Falr2' Example:-
Wad,. waif, soar, idol. etc. If you are good at
wor-maingyoucansecure a FIIIEtrip t
theWord'sFai an reurn asThe Scott Seed
Company will pay all expeKnses, inclulding I. it
fare, hotel bils, admissions to the Columbian
Exposition, and 150.00 in cash for incidental ex
penses,. to the first person able to make
MeewessI words from th lters contained in
SWorld 5 Fair," as above. They will also give
a PFf TRIP to the World's Fair and~ re
turn with 89S.O0 for incidental expenses, to the
itrat person sendIng sixty words as above.
They will also give a iritf TRIP to the
World's Fair and return (withoutcash for in
cidental expenses) to the first person sending
Efly-Ave words.
To the first person iendlng fIfy words will
be given ISO, O in dauU .t wards paying ex
pense to the World's Failr: to the first sending
5ontf wrords will be given 525.00 In cash towards
uayiig expensesto the World's Fair: to icAlc of
the heast five persons sending thlrty-five
words will be given 110.00 in cash, and to .0cC of
the firt teraending thirty words will be given
100) in sash.
onlf' one prize will be awarded to the same
persn. Write your name on li st of words
tusumbered) 'and enclose the same pos tpaid wi th
atrU tw-cent satmps foralargepack
age of a ouChoie Iltpglish Cottage GardenFlw
er Seeds.
This comination includes the latest aud most
puBar U h flowers of endless varieties
(cmeseIZLbe ontained in theelaborate cx
of or~ flowers at the Werldls FaIr,)
The 11'a Fair" Contest will be careful
ly aad ecuscientionely ,nducted solely for the
ointroducio ou~r business in the 17. 5.
Coi receive the fKoGUsT value in
Sewerr seds ever offered, and if you are able to
inaksa good list of wordls and answer prompily
you wll hay a inrat-elass opportunity to secure
a fre ri ro you home to Chicago
·aedn a large amount of money to
;'yohde in the iT. S. and want your
iiire.You will be more than gratified
~ij nLj end i?~t L~aa daj
·J P~~n (T
AGRICU(±LjlAL HINSS.
NEW FODDER PLANT.
I Is Natrioeus sa Wll 'Thrlve Upon
. Pooer s5.l.
In the woodi of northern Europe, a
slender pea-lik. plant flourishes, which
is commonly called the wood vetch or
narrow-leavred everlastingpea. Through
the summer and early fail it I. covered
with beautiful purple blossoms. This
rine botanically known as Lathyrus
sylvestria, has been introduced to our
American farmers as a fodder plant. It
belongs to the leguininous family, and,
liknclower, beans and peas, has the
property of fixing the free nitrogen of
FIG. 1.-PLUNT OF LATHYBUS SYLVES
TEIS.
the air in tubereles uponi its roots. For
this reason it will thrive upon very
poor soil. The advantages claimed for
its growth in the southern states are
its large yield, cheapness of production,
i$s growth in- early spring and its long
life. The first year no crop is pro
duced, but thereafter it is said to yield
large crops of fodder for many years.
It is best to cut the fodder before the
flowers ripen, as thereafter the vines
become very coarse and fibrous. It is
claimed that it is one-third more nu
tritious than clover hay, and *contains
'I
FIO. .--ROOTS OF LATHIIYRUS SYLVES
Ti1s.
three times as much food as timothy.
In 181, the United States department
of agriculture distributed the seed of
this plant to eighteen experiment
stations for trial, but none of them
has given a favorable report. It has
been found difficult to get a good stand,
as manr.y of the seeds fail to germinate.
As this plant has not yet been suffi
ciently tested in this country, it would
be well for those who wish to try it to
do so on a small scale. The accom
panying illustrations, engraved from
photographs, sent us fromn the Massa
chusetts experiment station, show the
plant of Lathyrus sylvestris in Fig. 1,
and the roots in Fig. 2.-American Ag
riculturist.
AMONG THE POULTRY.
IRnoKEx mortar or crockery, oyster
shells and bones are excellent to pre
vent the hens from eating their eggs.
FrtoMr observation and experience, we
are persuaded that more young chicks
are killed by lice than by skunks or
minks.
Is shipping hens and roosters have
them in different coops. Have shipping
coops high enough so the birds can
stallnd up in them.
'UNr.Ess especially desired for breed
ers hens that do not lay regularly
should be marketed as soon as possible.
It costs something to winter even a
hen.
IT requires but little time and atten
tion to manage a small flock, but if it is
inttendedl to go into the poultry raising
as a business it means work and plenty
of it. 4
ARE you crowding too many chick
ens in one roosting pl ace? Are you
permuitting chicks under four months
to roost other than on the floor or
coop? If so, correct at once these mis
takes.
1VOars shipping live poultry to
market, see to it that the coops are in
good condition, for they are some
times handled roughly, or a slat may
come loose and a fowl or two become
lost.
IP you are sending a mixed lot of
hens to market, it will pay you to
grade them as to quality and color, so
as to have each coop as even as possible.
They will sell more rapidly and at bet
ter prices.
An Expensive Custom.
Pasturing cattle is-perhaps the most
expensive of all methods, as more land
is reqtired, but it is not an easy matter
to convince farmers of that fact. The
same land, if so cultivated that the
crops can be fed to the cattle at the
barn, will give better results. True,
the cost of the labor will be greater,
but the profits will also be larger. Ma
chinery and improved implements of
farming will at some time in the fufure
change the system of pasturing to that
of soiling.
Risks from Corn Feeding.
Exclusive corn feeding is the cause of
more losses of hogs than any other
thing. It is because corn is perhaps
one of the hardest grains to digest un
less ground and cooked. Even then it
is too rich, and liable to be -overeaten,
thus causing indigestion. :It is better
to feed growing pigs milk with a mix
ture of oats and fine wheat middlings
until they are ready to fatten. The
best pork is made in this way.-Rural
World.
Chelsea and Indigestion.
Cholera is not a winter disease. In.
digestion, due to overfeeding, and mak
ing the hens too fat, is a disease usually
mistaken for cholera. The cholera
spreads rapidly and kills its victims in
a short time, often in a few hours, but
Indigestion may result for weeks. The
remedy for hdigestiou is to remove the
cause, which is to give less fexl and
nmlrpepl the hema to aeriEso.
ABOUT GERMAN CARP.
Mow Eery Farmer cOan reoe His Own
Supply of With.
A. Brackett writes to the Orange Judd
Farmer: From the numerous commtni
cations received it appears that the
American people are waking up to the
fact that they can raise their own fish
a thing which has been done in Ger
many for generations. I will attempt
to explain how a pond is made in which
German carp can be raised. The large
or suminer pond must be located on
low land, at one side of a run or water
way. It is not necessary that there
should be a constant supply of running
water, but to furnish a pond of ten
acres it must have at least the drainage
of three thousand acres of land. Of
course this depends a great deal on the
nature of the soil in which the pond is
made. It would not be practicable to
make one in a sandy porous region.
Put a dam across the run some distance
above the pond and conduct the water
from it to the pond through a ten or
twelve-inch tile. It is not necessary to
have the water in the pond more than
three feet deep. I made the embank
ment around mine with teams and
scrapers. The main thing to guard
against is an overflow from sudden rain.
It is unnecessary to feed the fish until
the pond becomes thoroughly stocked.
They will eat grain of any kind and
are particularly fond of green corn
sliced from the cob, or of scraps from
the table. If thoroughly fed they will
grow rapidly. A carp which has good
care will weigh three or four pounds at
eighteen months. This is the most
profitable age at which to sell them.
Their table qualities as compared with
other fish are of the very best. No fish
is as good to eat when taken from
warm, muddy.water as from cold spring
water. When carp are wanted for
table use in summer, keep in cold water
at least three weeks before using. The
best proof of their superior quality as a
table fish is that in Germany, where they
have been raised for many years, they
bring the highest prices in the market.
My experience has been similar. I have
sold them for fifteen cents per pound,
when pickerel, bass and whitefish only
brought ten cents. A gentleman writ
ing from llHebron, Vis., states that he
has a natural pond of eight acres which,
from his description, I should think
would make an excellent carp pond.
But in order to handle these fish success
fully it is necessary for one to be able
to draw off the water, as it soon
becomes infested with millions of
surface minnows and other fish which
will destroy the eggs of the carp. They
can be raised in large natural ponds
whers the water is sufficiently deep, but
a small pond must be provided in which
to spawn the fish and keep them until
they are three or four weeks old. Then
put them into the large pond. If situ
ated so far north that the pond wi;.l
freeze two to three feet most of the
carp will be destroyed. Therefore it
is better to keep them in a smaller,
deeper one, as they do not feed during
the winter, and a large number can oc
cupy a small space. If the water is
two or three feet deep, and is kept run
ning constantly so as to prevent the for
mation of very thick ice (which will re
tain the gas which the fish give off in
their breathing), a ton of fish can be
kept in a sauare rod of space. The best
mode of catching the carp is to dig a
tuunel eight or ten feet broad by
about four deep, extending about fifty
feet from the pond. Al ways feed in
that channel and the fish can easily
be taken with a seine when desired.
FOR FARM WAGONS.
A Box Attachment of F.ar Lure Thai
Ordinary Utility.
I send you a sketch of an arrange
ment to be attached to a wagon-box.
to stand on while starting to unload
corn. Anyone can make it, and non
is a good time to do it. In the figure, 5
are the pieces or bars that run along
the sides of the bed, to which the plat
form of boards (1) are nailed. These
pieces should be heavy enough so the.
will not spring with the weight of a
man. In the middle cut, are the sid,
2
4 3
pieces; A, the ends of the platform
boards; 4, a piece fastened to und r side
of bed, the ends projecting so that the
side bars can rest upon them; 5, a block
fastened to the bed to prevent the ends
of the bar from raising up. The ar
rangement is shown without the at
tachment, in the lower cut. This at
tachment is easily put on and taken off.
and assists materially in the unloading
of corn. The platform catches the corn
when the endgate is taken out, and
shoveling can begin at once.-Ohio
Farmer.
BEGINNING WRONG.
A Fact Which 5lanj Otherwise Sensible
Men Overlook.
An indizgidzal has a desire to go into
thessheep business and he knows noth
ing about it. ie has money; lots of it:
more money than he has experience in
the sheep business. lie is not contented
with a few good sheep. but must have a
large flock or none, lie does not be
lieve in investing by halves. I-ie buys
a lot of sheep-five hundred or more
places them on his farms and begins
the sheep business in earnest. He may
or he may not feed plenty of the right
kind of feed. If starvation does not at
tack the flock, scab does, and the flock
owner is in deep sea as to the manage
ment of the disorder. He listens to all
who offer advice till he is driven to sell
at any price he can get. Of course he
will be compelled to sell at a loss. He
goes out of the sheep business in dis
gust. There are dark sides in all voca
tions in life, and to know how to steer
clear of them is the art to be studied.
It is safe to buy a few good sheep at a
fair price of some reputable breeder
whether you know anything about
sheep or not. If you are adapted to the
sheep business you will win. If you
are not, you have not much to lose aLndl
can get out without much loss.-lhuw
Howieotead.
=Salt Cd.-S-oak the malt fish in
watir over night, with a glass of vine
gar thrown into it, which will take out
some co the salt and make it as mild as
tfash : The next day boil it, and
whets cooked separate into flakes
on the dish. Then pour egg sauce over
it, or parnips boiled and beaten fine
with butter; a little oream added is
nice. As soon as it gets cold, send it to
the table on a hot water dish.-Good
Housekeepi .
-Pork Steak Baked with Liver.-Cut
the white steak and liver into small
pieces, having twice as much steak as
liver. Put a layer of the steak in the
bottom of a basin, sprinkle with salt,
pepper and butter, then a layer of liver
seasoned the same, with a few slices of
onion added. Alternate the layers un
til all is used, having the steak on top.
Add one-half cup of water, coverwith a
plate and bake one hour. Twenty min
utes before serving remove the plate
and brown the top.-Ladies' World.
-Split-Pea Soup.-Three quarts of
cold water, one pint of peas, one pound
of veal or one-quarter pound of bacon,
or salt pork, salt and pepper. If the
peas are not soaked over night, allow
more time for cooking. Simmer stead
ily for three or four hours, or until ten
der. Put through a sieve and return to
the fire, adding more water if too thick.
When veal is used, cut it in dice after
cooking and add to the soup with two
tablespoonfuls of butter. Cioutons to
serve with it, nre prepared thus: Re
move the crust from stale slices of
bread, cut in small shapes and fry a
golden brown in hot butter Shake the
pan to prevent burning. Skim out and
dry on brown paper in the mouth of the
oven.-Housekeeper. -
-Chocoalate Wafers.-The recipe re
quires care to bring about the proper
results: Beat one-quarter of a cup of
butter to a cream, add gradually one
cup of granulated sugar; beat until
white and light, then add two table
spoonfuls of cocoa, teaspoonful of va
nilla and one cup of flour. This batter
must be exceedingly stiff. If you use
pastry flour this will be quite sufficient;
if you use bread flour you may have to
use a little less. Grease the bottom of
a good-sized baking pan; spread the
mixture at the bottom of the pan as
thin as paper. Bake in a moderately
quick oven, and while hot cut into
sqluares and roll on the pan. Now, this
is the part that practice only can make
perfect. They must be handled in
stantly or they will crack in rolling. If
you wish to use them in small squares
you will find it much easier. Simply
cut them on the pan, and with a limber
knife loosen and out aside to cool
FOR SnHME-Index flngers.-Truth.
ROUNDED Ur--A dome.-Truth. -
A STaIr or LAND-Harvesting.-Puck.
TE RIGHnT IBowaR-Home.-Pck.L
A Boers LORD-Mahomet.-Puck.
Tnr man who can clip his coupons gen
erally cuts quite a fgure.-Rochester Dem.
ocrat.
Ir wishes were horses, beggars would
kick because they were not bicycles.-Puck.
WHATEVER one's lot in life, he should
have good deeds to show for it.-Philadel
phia Times.
NEVER put off until to-morrow that which
you canl gct somebody elso to do for you to
day.-Troy Press.
MAvr--'How did you teach your pawrot to
talk?" Florence-"lI gave two or three mu
sicules."-Inter Ocean.
JUsTIFIAlLE HoMICIDE-Sleighing some
other fellow's sister.-Gcrmnantown nlde
pendent.
WHEN you bury animosity don't put any
flowers on its grave.-lanam's Horn.
No MATTER how well a nmaq may plan his
life, he finds himself in a box at last.-Inter
Ocean.
Tan LATEST Soro OF THE DAT-"We won't
go home until mornin'."-Truth.
No xKNIE Can cut so deep as the oie held
in the hand of a friend.--!tam's Horn.
-'I cAN dispose of a whole boat load of
sailors," remarked a whale; "but it's when
I swallow their yarns that I feel worsted."
KATE - "The bride's uncle gave her
away." Bessie-"Couldn't begot anything.
for her?" Kate-"No; nothing but a hus
band."-Vogue.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
enmng them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and 1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
THE BEST
B OIsthebeet Blood Idicin bcaus
puritiesof theblood, aud atthe same
time tones 90the entire orgnism. 'Thie just
contrary to teffactof the vuarous potash seer
Cus7, sarsaparillamitures which bottle up the
impurities in the system tbua producing much
sicknes~drs ad aflrig ihereforefora
BLOOD MI3DICINB
you cannot do bettot than take 8. 8.8a.
A·s a physiciaahave pbCrescibe and ned
8.8.5.~~~ insy rctc a onic, and for blood
troubisa, and havebeenvery sccessful I nve
used a remd which gave such general setisCe
tion to myself and patienes.
uL. Ii itacarlD,wr- MhD.Xcky lL
oabiooqon ga4a u dieeaeee dsmasiledfues,
g~~f ~ IG Qp~pOM9l smuin.
Why not, indccd?
When the Royal Baking Powder makes
finer and more wholesome food at a less cost,
which every housekeeper familiar with it will
affirm, why not discard altogether the old
fashioned methods of soda and sour milk, or
home-made mixture of cream pf tartar and
soda, or the cheaper and inferior baking pow
ders, and use it exclusively? .
SCORAPS OF SCIENCE.
Tua lungs of the average man con
tain about five quarts of air.
IT would require 12,000 microbes to
form a procession an inch long.
HonaxE toads, when teased, some
times squirt blood out of their eyes.
Acconme. to all rabbinic writers
the whole human race before the flood
were giants. Henrion tells as Adam
was 1923 feet 9 inches in height, Eve 118
feet 9 inches and 9 lines and Noah 27
feet even.
A Pamssz.x official mining expert
has made investigations of the coal
strata of the world, and expresses the
belief that the coal deposits of Austria
Hungary, France and Belgium will be
exhausted in five centuries at most.
4Tasau are times when a man can dis
play altogether too much originality in his
writings,' ssid the merchant who was look
ing over some suspicious on trips by the new
bookkeeper.-Washington Star.
ALTZoven the Scriptures tell us that all
flesh is grass, some people know so much
oore than the Scriptures that they feel ju
tified in calling themselves daisles.-Buffalo
Courier.
Catarrh Cannot B. Cured
with LOCAL APPLCATIOSs, as they cannot
reach the seat of the disease. Catarrh is a
blood or constitutional disease, and in order
to cure it you must take internal remedies.
Halts Catarrh Cure is taken internally, and
acts directly on the blood and mucous sur
faces. Hall's Catarrh Core is not a quack
medicine. It was prescribed by one ofthe
best physicians in this country.for years,
and is aregular prescription. It is com
posed of the best tonics known, combi::ed
with the best blood purifiers, acting directly
on the mucous surfaces. The perfect com
bmation of the two Ingredients is what pro
duces such wonderful results'in curing Ca
tarrh. Send for testimonials, free.
F. J. CHENrE & CO., Props., Toledo, O.
Sold by druggists, price 75c.
Mas. SVGAR-"Do you use whisky in cook.
Ing?" Mrs. Lemon-"Oh, yes; I like it in
everything except men."- Detroit Free
Press.
World's FaIr Number.
The Youth's Companions publishes this week
an Extra World's Fair Number of 30 Pages,
with 60 Illustrations, and a cover in Ten
Colors.
This is the largest and most elaborate
number that has ever been published by
The Companion during the sixty-seven years
ofits history. Whether you go tothe Fair
or stay at home you should have this num
ber. It will be sent free to any new sub
scriber received in May with $1.75 for a
year's subscription. It can also be obtained
of newvdealers, or by sending ten cents to
Tanr YoUTU's COMPANION, Boston, Mass.
TaE birds were the Afirst spring poets.
Their lays are good and on nest ones.-Phil
adelphia Times.
;Acrons, Vocalists, Pulsle Speakers praise
Hale's Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
The Best Thing in
Milk Pails
is Pearline. That's the solid truth. You
get them cleaner, and with less work and
fuss,.than with anything else you can use.
It saves you so much that it's cheaper than
largest dairies and dealers use Pearline.
Some women are afraid of Pearline.
S They think that where cleaning is made
so easy, there must be some harm to the
thing washed. But Pearline can't hurt
milk pails, anyway. And it can't hurt the finest lace or the
softest hands, any more than it hurts milk pails.
Not with the imitations-the fact that they are imita
So tors or followers proves a lack of something. as
The next time you BUY a
piece of Chewing Tobacco.
S~~T O The next tim~e you BUY a,
Horse Shoe PIug.
Wh h IT WILL PLEASE YOU.
'(VI SHOULD KNOWv
THIrs FACT.
THAT FAlRBAi<K( &CO.
' OF STa. LOUIS MAKE ASOAp
CALLED ETTE
'iRCH IAS Y4O EQLVAL.
STANDRJD QUALITY82W(IGRT
AS"oý /Groc*er frit'
THE POT. INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO-8HOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN,
The Opening of the Campaign.
To open the can.paiga with any hoe as of
speedy success, attack the enemy, mlaria,
before it has a chance to intrenoh An ob
stinate foe 'twill prove if you don't go right
at it. If you are prudent, too, you will have
fortified, upon the first intimation of its
presence in your neighborhood. Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters is the medicinal ammuni
tion that you require. Every form of mala
rial fever yields to this fine preventive end
remedy.
MXamrsoi-"How do you define an opti
mist?" Murdison-"Be is a man who is
playing in good luck."-N. Y. Herald.
Basenan's Pzu.s are a painless and
effectual remedy for all bilious and nervous
disorders. For sale by all druggists.
BOMETRING UN7SUA*i
as a medicine is
Dr. Plerce's Goohb
Medical Discovery.
And, because of
that, there's some
ulie uniaarl in
other medicine of
its hind only prom
CA this is guarma
d If it ever
fails to benefit or cure, you have your money
back.
It's the only guarateed remedy for every
disease caused by a dsordered liver or im
pure blood. Dyysoepsia, Blliousnees, the
most stubborn icfi, Scalp and Scrofulous
alffections, oven Consumption (or Lung
scrofula) in its earlies stages, all are cured
by it.
It purifies and enriches the blood, rouses
every organ into healthful action and re
stores strength and vigor. In building up
both flesh and strength of pale, puny Scrof
ulous children, or to invigorate brace
up the system after "Grippe," pneumonia,
fevers, and other prostrating acute diseases,
nothing can equal the "Discovery."
You pay only for the good you get.
"Germa n
Syrup"
Two bottles of German Syrup
cured me of Hemorrhage of the
Lungs when other remedies failed.
I am a married man and, thirty-six
years of age, and live with my wife
and two little girls at Durham, Mo.
I have stated this brief and plain so
that all may understand. My case
was a bad one, and I shall be glad
to tell anyone about it who will
write me. PrILIp L. SCHENCK, P.
O. Box45, April 25, 1890. Noman
could ask a more honorable, busi
ness-like statement.
eo'o~ Pg~ lrr~
os,ýlt Oiia"nd with .:v p ro e7
WHY YOU WANT
-A
-AND--
*ADE DV
111111411111 BY
J. I.CASE T. M. CO..
ananzarar. wrse..,
Becauee they have no Waqual.
CATALOGUE FEEL
W. L DOUCLAS
*3 SHOE No'"11Pe
Do you wearthom? When next in need try a pair, they
will give you more comfort and service for the money
Ian any other make. Best In the world.
*5 . #3.00
024.50 ,. 5
*2.50~ 42.00
*2.25 41.79
exas ,*, 9,4
*2.oo r1.75
roeO
FOR ~ IUSSI
W. L Douglas Shoes are made Il all the
Latest Styles.
If you want a fine DRESS SHOE don't pay $6 to $4
try my $3.50, $4 or $5 Shoe. They will fit equal to cus
tom made and look and wear as well. If you wish to
economize in your footwear, you cb do so by purchasing
W. L. Douglas Shoes. My name and price is stamped
on the bottom, look for it when you buy. Take no sub
etitute. I send shoes by mail upon receipt of price,
postage free, when shoe Dealers cannot supply you.
W. L. DOUGLAS. Brockton, Meas
MASON & HAMLIN
ORGANS are Welthout uestion tho BEST. The,
have taken IIIGUEST 5NJOIIS AT ALL OREAT
WORLD'S EXHIBITIONS, and for forth pease
best musiclans have declared them superior ao lt
other..
Don't be humbugged into baying inferior oes
which areto- try
tllhe css- c.rU
.r a'ti ORGANStke
the mrtisr, or musical portion-thechlef thing in
any muical nsstruenont-is unsientillcaliy and
poorlysmade.In quality of tone and dorablllt
don't compare with Ziasnn &s Hlamlin ORGAN
rt the latter are but little higher in price. Tie
'the best is the cheoapest" Ia rn of organs
pianos If anywhere.
The Mason A Hlamln Piano, constracted on orns
Improved and patento
decared bb PIANOS no.
poerts to be 'the prab
eat improvement In pianos of the century." Send
for ilustrated CATALOGUES, sent free to any ad
dress. Where no denier In representing our instria
mente, we sell to the public direct from the factory.
MASON & HIAMLIUN ORGAN AND PIANO CO.,
Tremont St., Boston 1 F;fth Ave., Now York V Wabash
Ave., Chicago i Walnut St., Kansas City.
Unlike the Dutch Process
No Alkalies
Other Chemicals
are need in the
preparation of
W. BAKER & CO.'S
reakfastCocoa
which i absolastely
Spure and soluble.
It has snore than three mtiuses
the stren tee of Cocos. mixed
with Starch, Arrowroot or
Sugar, and is far more eco
nomical, coating less than one cent a cup.
It Is delicious, nourishing, and EASILY
DIGESTED. _______
Sold by Grorors everywhere.
W. BAKER & CO. Dorchester. Mni,.
S N SCIIICKASAW
IRON
CASTI N S CHICU(SAWI
_______.WORKS.
.Mnacbhnery and Machinery Suppliles.
E ALWISHPAER aTOR. W Oritfoi
flfOEOEA~TBD 1591. IMmhs ea
maxi osa rmas .wtbsusuauunes.a
29? SECoND STREET, - * EMPHIS, TENS.
lUSTro igAV Peat. Dynm o a.Mo.. H
latterIes. BmUu luj amins.s. Te ehone
KILF~WW%.1ilt FLA
w~ssuo (by s~s.
O.W.PINTS ,l.:.es*. Sen 65 **.:::7,&1MJ
Moahck.s ema aastemr hoeaa,
A. N.~. K., ER F* 144
MUST HAVE A DVa g owc Wsamle
fos'se.eeasnp. Isnoenan. Uts1s-Cwalied. O1ssygood
esseerer inventadl. tIsatt~welht. S'nlea nnparTlled.
W54M5 1555 tAP~itapufc sinross,... i. PUI
WILL e 4~w-jj FL()rr or-m AG
WAN'TED CONFIEDERATE ST1A~ldP on 0rtgiisai
Enveiopea. I. IS. COSSEN. Che~ts~ieaee U C
POINTS forinnkinew~rs.1 ·icooy
WaU I~i p~aO., ud sss-anuasls.mw
A Pd~si no's,,u Remedy fo aar atheT
BeatU E~asiest to se, cad Che, apecI Ot.
WC..TE~getie~arb Cr~s1, Pa
A.IU N. K., F. 44
WHEN WR TINGTOAERTlacEES PLEAS
neee the wq ew thUe. AdvCenrpgasq heeh