THE GAZETTE.
." bserfipuion price, : $ Per Year
Latest styles in Valentines at Gar
dlebled's pharmacy.
J. O. Bourdier, of Breaux Bridge,
was in Lafayette Tuesday.
S Ed Estorge and Alexandre Bil-.
laud, of Broussard, were in Lafa
yette Wednesday.
Mr. C. C. Mabray has returned
from his old home in Georgia, and
is again at his post of duty.
Mr. J. J. Davidson, got a few
hours' rest from his arduous duties
last Wednesday and made a flying
trip to Lake Charles.
Miss Lena Plonsky, daughter of
Mr. Leon Plonsky returned Sunday
from Morgan City where she had
gone to attend the Loeb-Blum wed
ding.
Mrs. F. S. Mudd has been on the
sick list during the past two weeks.
The Gazette hopes that it will soon
be able to note the entire recovery i
of this estimable lady.
Neufchatel, Roquefort, Swiss,
Limburg and Cream Cheese at II.
H. Hohorst's.
Geo. Bourdier, an agreeable
young gentleman and a competent
printer employed in Bodemuller's
printing house at Opelousas, paid v
us a visit Monday.
Misses Marie Rosenmbauna and
Cecile Fortu.ne who are the guests of t
Mrs. H. Jagou went to Carencro
Saturday returnir:,; o Lafayette r
Sunday. ii
Misses Madeline and May Pope, it
who were guests at the home of c
Sheriff Broussard, left Tuesday foy t
their home in Baton Rouge. They p
were accompanied by Mr. Brous- si
sard as far as New Orleans. ii
J. R. Bonnet, 4iEdmond Couret. q
Louis Lacoste and Florestal Guidry
braved the elements last Sunday and I
went to Carencro to be present at
the church fair. Louis says they
had a huge time, despite the sloppy
roads. Jr
An exchange truthfully remarks: B
Do the city papers say anything in
regard to your own locality? Do
they contain notices of your schools
clhurches, improvements and hun
dreds of local matters of interest
whreh your home paper publishes?
"ot an item. Do they say a word t
calculated to draw attention tol
your city and country and aid their
enterprise? Not a line. And there
are ment who take contracted views
of this matter, wholthink that un- ti
less they are getting as many square i
inches of eicading matter in their
own as they do in the city papers
they are not getting the worth of
their money. It reminds us of the CO
man who took the largest boots in S
the box, because the price was the
same as the pair much smaller which i:
fitted him. th
Fancy and comic Valcl:xia. at
Gardebled's nl.s rmacv.
A Daince To-Night. t
Thi Gazette received ai invita- en
tion to attend a chance at I'alk's t
Opera -[ou:;e to-night. It is to be
given by the young men of Lafayette
and judging from the names of Int
those connected with it, it is safe to ral
say that it will be a very enjoyable fli
alfair. The following young gentle- apl
men are on the invitation com- thc
mnittee: Florestal Guidry, chair- pat
man; C. T. Bienvenu, E. T. Mc- lta
Bride, Raoul Pellermn, Henry on
Fontenot, Louis Lac oste. is
Since the above was put in type tra
it has been decided to postpone the ey'
dance to Wednesday night on ac- wit
count of the snow-s;torm..
Not plate beef, but N'ew "York]
Fulton Market corn 1 ,t H. H. is
Hohorst's. yet
VWill sootn t C(i.
is n
Mr. John Comeaux, formerly one
of our most popular boys,- now a u
prosperous merchant of Breaux ac
Bridge, will be married to Miss Ella tog
St. Germain a charming young lady Th
of New Orleans. The marriage will
be solemnized at Saint Anne
Church, in that city on Wednesday, t
the twentieth day of February. At
one time John was considered an s
honored member of the noble and a
picturesque band of Lafayette bache- on
lors, and though hlie has left theirtow
ranks he still posesses their esteem d
and has their sincere wishes for a
long and happy life.
_ _wor
1Racen. alre
Races are advestised to take rool
place on Primneau's track near Roy- clin
wille tomorrow, Sunday. The prin- the
cip'al race will be run by "Gabe," and
be.aconging to Rodolphe Roy and ises
'Crazy," entered by Edward flan
lHbern
THE BEAUTIFUL SNOW.
Year An Unprecedented Downfall in
La ayette-An Average
Gar- of 14 Inches.
dge. This section has been visited by
a very heavy snow-storm. The
oldest inhabitants say it is the
Dil- heaviest within their memory. The
,afa- fleecy flakes began to fall Wednes
day night at about ro o'clock and
med when the people awoke Thursday
and morning they were surprised to see
a perfect mantle of white covering
the town, with indications in the
eC heavens that they would be treated
t iies
to a regular snow-blizzard. At first
yin the snowy particles were welcomed
with expressions of real delight,
of but later in the day things assumed
day a more serious aspect when the
had average depth of the unprecedented
.ed- downfall measured five, six, and
eight inches.
the In the hours of the afternoon the s
ks. streets of the town were enlivened
on Iby the appearance of sleighing
ry parties composed of the younger I
part of the population, while the
older and more sedate one: remained c
, at home and looked on with wond er t
at what they termed '"the heaviest f
snow.stormu in the history of Louis- a
ble iana." t
ent At the close of the day the snow f
r's seemed to come down with renewed ti
aid vigor and kept on adding to the p
thinckness of the coat which had
already reached proportions that
nd would do honor to a more preten- Ih
of tious State than L.ouisiana. At "I"
:ro about bed time the average depth is y
tte reported to have been about 2r b
inches, and Friday morning to the o.
pe, inexpressible wonder of all myriads !a
oft of specks could be seen floating in ,
oy the atmosphere until about half d
ey past nine o'clock when the beautiful st
is- snow stopped falling, the Sun mak- ,
ing a fain effort to conime out after ni
,to quite a long absence, and the peo- cc
ry pie of Lafayette felt as if they had g
ad just returned from a visit to sonime p
at blizzard-stricken country. le
ey For Assault and tloattery. de
y An affidavit was made before to
Judge MIcFadden last Tuesday be
charging a negro named Alexandre pc
Biob with having committed an as- vi
Ssault and battery on another nagro, iin
W:n. Brown. Constable Malagarie bea
of BIroussard made the arrest. co
n- 11
st I:slozasea His as
Engineer Canard, who run:a on an
the Southern Pacific road between
here and Houston ,while playing in th.
r the snow Thursday ti.iht slilipped
and fell on the floor of the porch at n
the Olivier hlotel and dislocatc ,l C
his left shoulder. Dr. (.A. `ar
tin was called and rendered Mr. be
i Canard the necessary help.
rs A ircus Comli.ng.
As per announcement in. another r the
column the New United RailrJad iCl
S Shors will give an exliitiiion in'~
T Lat.-.cti e next \Ve. .-:! :-. : .
a may judge by the press c,. : .
th "  " i.4 i ,. o t2:., f , . . "
f dii too, i t., of c, . !.... 7 "
enjoy sRead t,,c aild.ct! ., ;:
this paper.
c _. Case ofl Fli'Cmtio,.
ST he (;azette, re , ,r: \;.s ve; '
nmuch amused the otler day at tihe in
railroad depot I: a g u::ine case of, dal
flirtation. It was doi:e in the .:ost
-approved style anid showed thatn
those engaged in this popular
pastime were oadepts in the art and a b
had "been there before," especially i Cat
,on the part of the young man, who bee
is generally about the deptot at
train time. "'He winked the other we.
eye" act was certainly perforraed cu
with the grace of tha-true arlist. COU
Tiile To Move. piot
The time is p:assing andt no move 1
is made to build a refinery ii ILafa
yette. All that is necessary is ap
unity of action, without which thereco
is no success possible. Small con- tion
munities with limited means have at .
accomplished wonders by pulling canr
together. and
The Heroic Conducit oi' SBo-s unti
Saves a Holse. trai
Last Saturday at about ±2 o'clock
young Iphis and Armnnd Dleffez, ':
though at a considerable distance
from the rcsidence of Dr. Mludd, z
saw that the roof of the house was fto
on fire, and losing no time started Cha
toward the doctor's house to inform Iin b
its occupants of the impendinglChai
danger. It is needless to say that an:
it requiredl promapt andl eficient cas
work to put the fire ottt as it had will
already burned several feet of the was
roof. Don Greig and Alley Sprole age
climbed upon the roof and with plac
the assistance of the I)effez boys afteCl
and other persons about the prerni
ises, succeeded in extinguishing the MI
flames which would hav.e soon en- shot
velpedl the house L.ad ~ ont hlie .Jain.
f. timely action of the boys impeded
their course. Dr. Mudd speaks
I in very highly of those who saved his
house fron the fire, and says that
the Deffcz boys deseive special
by mention for their heroic conduct.
The Tib Aviance Giarl.
the A few flakes of snow fell over this
The town Tuesday morning. It must
Ines- have been the advance guard of the
and snow-storm that struck this sectionI
sday Wednesday during the night.
see Tue Vete·..r a P i:tLecri
!ring Mr. H. A. Eastin, is at work paint
the ing the houses which are being
ated erected by Mr. J. E. Trahan. Mir.
first Eastin says that he will have finished C
med painting one of the buildings by the
ght, xst of March and we have no doubt t
ned that he will as "Debert" is a
the hustler as well as a con petent work- i r
ited han. i
and The Fair At Ccrelero..
It is to be regretted that the cx- 1;
the ceedingly cold weather Saturday and 1
ned Sunday made the success of the
ting Carencro fair an impossibility. !
iger Father LaForest, assisted by the
the good people of that town had ex- c
ned erted every effort to prepare an in- o
der teresting and instructive program
iest for the entertainment of the public "
uis- and it Is indeed unfortunate that
the weather prevented the people b
pow from showing their appreciation of 6
ved the splendid work done by the good tc
the priest and his assistants. d
lad 11 I-rd Luack. rI
hat The I unpty-Dunnpty people at
en- have been in pretty Lard luck. *
At They had adve tinsed to play at
is Faik's Opera iIo2use Sunday night, C
i2 but the weather was so cold that no i p
the one showed up at the performance to
Ids and they were compelled to post- su
i pone the entertainment. The next o
alf day it appears that the manager
ful skipped on the early morning train
tk- with all the cash and left the other
ter members of the troupe without a re
=o- cent to pay for their board and to *
ad get out of tawn. In order to secure cc
alc payment, Mr. D'Orsay, of the Or- to
leans Hotel, went to Judge MIcFad- Cc
den's office and caused an attach- At
ore meat to be issued for the troupe's ou
ay baggage and other articles in their Al
re possession. Then the company de
s- vided in two and succeeded in rais
o, ing enough money to redeem their ge
ie baggage, etc. One part of the as
company left on the aftelnoon train he
WVednes-day to play at La ke Charle se
n and the rest of the nIleui,Lr.; who
, retaiLne in this town adverti;ed
i;h it tcy ;'wo:dt give 'benecit" per- cCI
. flormncca.s .'.ccidcsot.. and Th'.rsdav of
at nights, but owing to the inclement St.
1 cathr they met with ve:y little IDc
S:;ucce-s. The Cae.Ctte wi"ei: theCn i X1
r beter luck in the future
A i3oy lir, e.tl. "
Yesterday morning at it oclock io
the young boy of Mr. John Bow-en, n ina
O1 ly, came very near being the me
1 icti:n of a horrible fate. The
,", tIfs of the untforinitte ittle fen .
.ý -.... ,:,-: than it t.zL ci to tei ih, he i p.
; t',.-elolped by the fluanes, but I L
. ;:;V rs. Bowen had the s.ip
.: f mind to carry hime to aitt
.ic -h she used to pat out 11 i01
L . itt!e Oily was pretty Soli
S",..iC aIiut the legs. i)r.
. !'i-aha attended to the child
; tlid all hie could to reiie;ve him.
T' " , i't t :I" .A el. ':b ;isli )=.- ,tt - yar
fro;
.\rcl hbish,0) Janssens sto!)ped over yet
Sil I.afa\ette twenty minutes Satur- Ik~
a day and continued his Journey to the
t (arlcro on the train. It hadl been to
i a,nounce-l that a large number of
(citizens would coime to this town in ti
a body to escort the archbishpl to ry
Carencro where preparations had" a
been made to give him- a fitting re- beii
cc-ption, but owing to the inclemlent and
lweather this part of the program fier
could not be carried out. The I in
icopite of Carenero met at the de- can
pot in large numbers and received cmy
.th.e archlbishop with the cei-remonies all i
applropriate for such an occasion. gral
As per announcment the archbishop dis
I conferred the sacrament of confirma
i tion "unday morning. IHe remnained
Sat Carencro all dclay Stunday and
came to Lafayette Monday morning ' ba
and was the guest of lather Forge h1op
Suntil the dieparture of the east-bound blit:
train in the afternoon. poJ
'To Tastif-y i:'.; ialf of M3lt-Iet.
Mr. Alexandre Chai:;son, a citi- TIc
zen of this parish, was 1suymmionld l'I
to appear before the court at Lake h.ti
Challes mn the 14th justant to testify If
in behalf of Alce Mitchell who is i::t
charged with the murder of a man A,
Snamed C;uidry in the parish of Cal- I ,
casieu sohlie i.f.clen yearts ago. It
will be remembered that Mitchell
was captured in Florida sonime time io'.
ago by Sheriff Broussard of thi Th
place and Sheriff Reid, of Calcasico, in i
iafter a long scarch. rn
ir. L,. [ulrray -Ferris, wv!o ';as ly
shot by Mr. ~ilenry . l'a\ e ' ot
Jan. 2, at l'raniik:i-, ,lied iii .1*
potdeli Orleans Tuesday afternoon from
peaks the effects of the wound. Mr.
1 his Ferris was connected with the
that Ferris. Sugar Manufacturing Coni
,ecial pany whose failure caused great!
ct. loss to planters in, this parish. As
far as is known the trouble which led
r this to the shooting affray are as follows:
must Mr. Payne is the owner of several
fthe plantations, and leased to the
Ferris Sugar Manufacturing Com
ction pany his sugar house for a term of
years for the purpose of establish
ing a central refinery at Barbreck.
aint- The Ferris Company, for the first c
two years, contracted for and sue
>eing cessfully handled the cane of that
Mr. territory to the mutual satisfaction
shed of all parties. This year, however,
r the things have not gone smoothly, and <
obt after a good deal of friction between I
the concern and all of its cane ship- I
Sa pers,a culmination point was
ork- reached, when the company went
into the hands of a receiver, with- k
out warning, leaving planters with a
cane unpaid for, and many with v.
ex- large amounts of cane in the field. tr
and The failure has severely crippled, ri
the filnancially, this and the adjacent
litv. parishes. By far the heaviest loser
t in this way was Mr. Payne, and he it
nimmediately took steps to assume at
ex- charge of the mill and take off his h
in- own crop, some 5000 tons, and I
ram that of his neighbor.-' yet remnaiining
blic in the field. al
In spite of the bad weather, late- ci
that ness of the season and other draw- ci
)ple backs, he was doing this and on the al
of first shipment of syrup being made
ood to the Franklyn Refinery he went,
down to attend to its proper hand- I
ling there. MIr. Pearl Wight, the tl:
receiver, not being there, he trans- at
>ple acted his business with Mr. I. h. to
ick. Ferris, president of the late Ferris t
at Company, It was during this visit th
to Franklin that the shooting oc- si:
,ht, curred. iMr. iayne is the son and , th
nol partner of J. U. Payne cot- oc
nce ton factor of New Orleans, and C
Est- suffered heavy losses by the failure dk
of the Ferris Sugar Manufacturing
Company and the Franklin Refinery.
ger cc
ain Good Work. p.
her District Attorney M. T. Cordy,
a returned from Franklin last Satur
to day, where he has been attending
are court. There were 2- persons sent s'
Dr- to the 'pen,' during this term of
ad- court. Judge Allen and District
- I Attorney Gordy never fail to mete'
e's out justice to tlfe guility ones.
cir Abbeville Star.
ide- A Great Fact. pa
is- The children in Massachusetts
eir get nearly twice as mutch education lla
he as the average for the nation, and. t,,,
in her people earn on the average
cl sevcaty-three cents a day for every '7
ho noan, woman, and child, while the
;ecd average for the Un;n is 1b'ut f orty.
er- cents. This is upon the authority !it
a'v of I)r. V.. .1. Harris;, the United
at Sttes Conm:;issioner of education. t
tle les education pay?-New\ Eng
d:i:nSla Journal of Educatioin.
E1ctric Bitters. _.
"hi rene.y is becoming so well known
k ln :; popular as to need no spe ial men-i
C" tion. 'All who have s usced Electric iitters VII;
gn, ring the sa!tL ang of p'raise.-. purer
he .iini . cs toot t:i:;st and it is cg aranteed
LO .;: all thlat is clainmed. EI-ctrez llitters
e wil cure all diseases of the Liver and idl
- n- , will reI to e l'imples, B.)il Salt
i: i:h' -u;u, and other teudai...; catseil by i.n
1,I rure bluad.-\ili turi.:e \ialaria freua; the
t ;)sstem ano. present a, well ;as cure l 31.O.a- P.
rial fevers.--'or cure of l ies-ia:he, Con -the
le stipatiot anl Iheigeetion try Elcctri, will
to H itt rs.-l nire satisfaction guaranate:l, or Scot
it mI n:e ay rc'itun ,ed.- rl' ice 50 cs. ant I : .. o.
t) Sold by n\i. tl2 '".-.
1 T oni O'fCLlsittreia. 0
S Col. Tomrn O'Chiltree, tle fanious I Feb
yarn-spinner and ex-coigressmnan -
from Texas, passed through I.afa
,r yctte on Wednesday night's train.
r- Ike Broussard happened to be on I:.'t
n to hear some wonderful stories.
S Some people claim that the hard
n times in the South are more imnagin
o ary than real. This reminds us of
a certain friend who, after
being told he imagined hinself sick "
it and miserable, looked sava:ge and nun
Sfierce and replied: "'Yes, d..... .it, .o.,,
c I imagine I can't eat, I imagine 1 I,
-can't sleep, I imagine I must fil ,tw
d myself up with dirty drugs, yes, it's .-s
s all imagination." lIe then ina.le a sail
1. grab for his pipe, and went a-way in I'"'i
I disgust. .\
I.- I --------- _______J~C
Od Ol.v a -ew ot' Us LI.r.', e
d A\ well-known and xe::xc:r-ic
bachelor who has nearly gi..cn up iFeb.
e hope of ever enjoying nmatrinonial
d bliss, has sent us. the following a
poem for publication in The s.fte
That cn't i ind his ta"'.,
I ii hi:ck i so la LI
T h, t h ' I. .s hlie , e tiat. I a
'i-enrt-ai
, Aniid ascnends to ih'i skie:, L. afa3
With the wi' .1in, thu. c,,nes to the bldet,
lI-I'll ll k hack io life,
I nl see it was all for the best. I it
1or \\'here is tPle man,n, teti,
h [ l h it ?t c:;t,
Ihe nlClv-'nent anI fi. . -
Than b.. Iina.l w' th c1.h::ins h.xee:-; sweet?
TY 't :unwol d- hey hIu''y, I
W ith fver'sh fl-, rry,
'hey s,. of th.-ir reai , onl erefi,
lie f't't ;-re [le? g.,ind, Cili
"i ·- , , u" ieti.,
from.! A Cayc of Ingratitude.
Mrived here on the midesday evenight the fol-ad
.-nr left with the prisoner the next morn
he ing flowing telegram was received by tewards
ne seemed to be vere:y much affected by
'real 1 Non' Orlearns, Feb. I;. Sheri3, Lafa
isyette, I.a.-Arrest J. b'.roke down and cried.ft on
.-d Hie was neatly dressed and had the
As morning train. Iof s a manl in good cir-th
ed cumstances . The story of, hist
-aek haircrie, as tee a. by the deostate, sctives, is
)W :sajlovta c'.:r:Iaiactirc . II :; tao~ Ov rO:'cas
era] Charge, gratnd larceny. C isrzs
he aDo.t as follows:
th Chijef of Polio.:a
SlIn accords mance with the abvcquaintane in
ist-structio ns, Marshal Vigneaux and
tck. Deputy Sheriff Billaud wvent to the
-st depot and immediately after thon one arof
heUC- rival of the trains running to New Oriced ans,
Sand mpassenger carrying a chim hilds misfor his
i tune arms and soon gaswerined theo all the dis
and criptios give in the Net Yorker who as-m.
c- lsisted as placed under arrsciallyt nd whend
dtip- rtheaiy admitted that ehi Orleans they was S
wasd G run Edwards, but disclaimy ed allnes
'eth- knowledge of having commnitted
ith any morning Edwards stolf the hiarrest
'ith Iwas wired to Chief (Caster anid DerI
. benefactor's golKerwin watch and ovDeRance ar- r
rirer-l here on the midnight train and
ecoat withand left the prisoner the next moty on a Southern- -
Pacific train,
he ing for New Orl. as. Edwards
ane see med to be very much affected by I
tis his arrest and broke down and cried.OF
1151` H~e was neatly diressed and had the
appearance of a malT in good cir
. e ' ' TI'%'l N' THX'q]' JI'D~ICIAL IDISERIC:T COUR" %
.'4'2' s.: ox N o)t. 2017.
te hrcureasta Francois A storyle Pit, of thi
o-pa crimeh of I.afytte adthe neistrator tvef the.
the about as follows:I
sccesion o scar Piadt, has tacquae in stanceid
, court a ineal Vcourt ad tableau of sai
m U:2C.4:i ::, w;ith a petit.,':n pr.;.ning th,; the
:ie the taains runninged acorin to law ands,
. t!w,,- u l y;i. h.)n >!gaT.ed. A m:i" whxcrea. the
-e ar'rnd tu ial ari:nist'ato hint his misfr gatd
t ty an rd soon gained ovthe symbrpa
V r7" !S,..
ithisow, thrf..e New i; given tho as-l
Ias ie iteretd t i e their oppositionl and
d tv, arrive if any thy have, i said court Ohey
thcc tae the frsam te publicrtion ofat thei
ud G runewvald Hotel. Early W~ednes
nroce why tore afirg Edwards stole hiould
Y. benefactor's gold watch and o.
coat and left theiy cityl signature in Southcrn
Pacific train.
tow:n of La:faxyette, thi-s 6thi dlay of Febructary,
SA. 1). IS:}5.
1V. 1D. II.A.IIEY, Clherk of C2ourt.
o stable's Salu. . c
t IRST JSICE'SATE OF LOUISIANA PARISFA ETTE
of LIS A iT, EA.
- SEVILIN DUHON VS. D GUSS 4
::By virtue of a -:-rit of seizure issued frm
the first justice's court, I have seized and
leIwill sell t: the highest hidder at my oilice at
V iter.s Fra tcoist, oArtle at, of
arish of I atrdafy, Febe. adli3, 189irat.,r of
surccesstion of Oscar Piat, has tiledi in si
=t5 court a finatl accoount arnd tableau oaf satrid
It een legal -.ho t rs, the following th de
scribed ilrooteroy to-wit:
Oane horse and one saddle.i te
i . Atrci.NUa.xor, Constable. grat
1by--an ar-lc r of -adto!ur-t datied N:ovenerai
r F . 7 , t x :,
SI I IRIFF'IS SALE. L
':.-N ., .I: Efe VS. uAD "V-given to all
t ~STEIN. O
-- - t- -t* - to in- I their ospliaritio .i ant!
'y s'1ti.' eap-,ai if any ttr; hav-e, ian sail couart O
aaro~i~n to: d vs fr.e~ h lnaalh tai ;n of thils
r~otree whyl' . ^ aa rsai.- fiarIloa taiblcasi sotrid
rid , ao r l'.,n-a tiaaat-t'1 IC
sth Judcaicr ay itarct Cosraturt, Parish -
tn of Lafayette, State of Louis-lary,
S iana--No. 3842.
S vi rtue of a writ of seizure issued t.y
the "ttonornb!,e Judg~e of the 17th Judicial
itrit urt in the abosa ctled . l
nuI Iered cause, I have seied and ilFAYETTE
.rP'lttSiI, LA.
l- SEi' I'IN: flu 1ItON VS. DiCGUSSE
it I'.AI)l).
I- Pr's virtue of a wr-it of seizaure issued frorma
I-the first jurstice's crourt, I have seized atnd
se wll stoll the l t and lighet idid r at nay the at
door of te cort-houe of Lafayette parish,
n Satrurday, Feb. 23, 1895.,
lbetvween te legal sa- hours, the following d
so'ribed lr i -erty to-wit:
Onelocht of c,,tht: inl seedl, on11 po{rti.n of
said cotOne horse and one saddle.
lrti. b, i ).g ia a small out-h ause. A
,,orsis:Ing o~f -"-!) t twe'nty-:ve bleas.4
.\h;, one l,t of cor:n in* crib: abutt
.4cventy-ti\'e barre!s..
-Terin R1, SALE.
R Ii\iIN & LEr V VS. AD VON KAIA.!-l
t ST i . . % L '. Al.,
Sherifo of lafayette P.StoL ish.
tieb. 9, cS , vi.
I am* aptplying f-r a fl!I pa.-d m from a
sentence to f nii e maontha iaa the idetate Pehi
tIn.ary for t a e lar-eny of a cow in ISq4..
I)AVID -A RRI N (TON.
Iafayette Parish, La. Feb. , IS. S.
†† †I-t-N-atic
I ae applyiatg fIra a fr-ll -ardtn faote a
sentencll~e of] nIIne ronothts ill thl State l'eni
ten.iary for the lara 5.y ,rf a cow in aaaSe .
.1 n ?,: o N ) ': ::v.
L~afay-etic P, rish, ILa., Feb. 8, 1895.
I am apit irg for a full ntv Ice f bae
S Al-t ce of -r na e I nt if c r a il . -tat t tni
ncntiary f.r tch- lar- eny of a c.,w in 8c;a..
lfyette Paish, lra., Feb. 8, 189.5 -
a r. ton Ho0fpanr, ,..
St.tnlleaiof a-i te nn..ar.th.r ler !'raniState I;'eat
t.... ry . ..... a t a .. . . a
L)AV II
o- UNPREOEDENTED SAI!
SitGOO / YDS,
ilt, I
FurniIini - Goods at
the
S . EVY and SON.
his
. Ifannr.t.,ouh ros. Ne York clot':ing "'Equal to Tailor Made,"
.nd can be had of uis at very moderate prices. The "ELK" Brand and
<ns STETSON Hats, as well as SA I.IER, LEWVIN & Co's. fine shoes always
all
tedon hand andi warranted to give satisfaction.
ted;
esti Competition Absolutely impossible.
IIHERE IS A TORE
"n
ds ON THESOUTHWES T
by (OR. COURT.HOULis
-by ISQUARE,
he 'cre Pure Drugs, Patent Medicincs, Toilet Articles,
ir-e Stationary, etc., line Cigars, and the best of WVines
iand IiLquors for m;edicinal purpl cs, are sold at rea
isý sonable prices
s I;o a f::w fine (;roceries arc to be had and some
Sliardware.
ce i'r'IIS PZL.h\E ]S .;Y:-`E:D "'· "
ofi Mi. CLEGG
r
a
Miss Louise Revillon
· aSolicits a visit to hicr
LLI Y
A FULL ASSORTMENT OF FINE GCOOECS IN THE
LATEST STYLES.
A. . MIOSS. - A. EMILE MOUTON.
" MOSS & MOUTON
-L~l -LJ BXE
At L O LSA . and R-ETalL
CFFIC J 1ND \RD '" I:A_ RAILROAD DEPO 1
LAIAYETT, OI,. I . \
Cypress and Pine Lumber. Rough and Dt ;·ned, Shingles, Doors, Sas'h,
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
,McC rmick Harvester, Dindcers and M:ower. Eagle plows, WValk'r g
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Cor.n planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
Wagons, Cisterns.
New
P. DEMANADE & CO.
L.abc's Fornmer Stand, next to Olivicr Hotel.
Liquors, Wines and TobaccoeC:.
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
Oysters Served in all Styles. Hot and (old Lunches,
FELIX DEMANADE,
"ht Up- to Date aMerhant
SELLs ('.HEA)
Groceries
Liquors k',I
Crockery
SWilloware. rj
Fancy  rr
goods . ,
LA FiAYETT-f-., LOUISIANA -
-ELAI ER I
Stoves, iHarness, Carriage
and WACON,
Man.ufacturer's .gent f.r v'alking ,nd Riding Cultia-.tor,-, .t,,a ri-Zc 1araw L
HIarow. Stalk Cutter. Corn and Cotton P:aintcrs, Snulky 'iii
Turr, inlMsow, Hay I- kes, Rs " .oa rts. "-I
- -