THE GAZETTE.
.S,,bscJ viegl Price,
Once tried you will have no
other. W-hat Why, the .Dally
States cigar.
SMiss -Lena Grossman, of New 1
Orleans, is the: guest of Mr. and
Mrs. M. Rosenfield.
Sam Plonsky has been In Lnfa
yette this week.
M. Rosenfield, the enterprising I
young merchant near the depot,
went to New Orleans Tuesday to
purchase some goods. t
Lee Garland, of Opelousas, t1
passed through Lafayette Tuesday. f,
DAVIS' WILD CHERRs AND TAR will cure o
your Cough or Cold. Soc. and $s.oo. b
The outfit of The Creole-Amer- tl
Ican was taken to Crowley Wednes- ti
day. The paper, will continue to
be published under the same name. ti
A
Armand Levy, formerly of this
town but now a prosperous young
merchant of Lake Charles, was in P'
I.afayette this week. Mr. Levy
speaks glowingly of his new home. ly
Many cigars that are sold for h'
soc. do not come up to the Daily hI
States. Try one and be convinced.
Ask P. Demanade. an
Miss Ada Moss took an east- at
bound train last Monday with the
intention of enjoying a short stay in m4
New Orleans. Fe
Miss Lillie Kittredge returned to tin
her home last Monday, after a Se
pleasant visit to our city, to the SP'
regret of her many friends. any
Dr. Irion's Dental Parlors, over
post office, are always open from ing
8:3o0 a. m. to ::3o p. m. and 3 to 5 Th
p. m. are
tiol
Felix Bienvenu, the genial cotton sen
man from St. Martinville, was in has
Lafayette this week. Felix is nat- nut
urally not very cheerful over the of
short crop, but the recent Republi- Jud
can victories will make him feel as9
good until the next election in of
Louisiana.
Ask for the Daily States cigar and
get a xoc. smoke for Sc. plyi
Our venerable townsman, Mr. dire
Jno. Hannen, who has been quite mec
ill, is, we are pleased to say, much of r
better. Mr. Hannen has been un- seat
der the treatment of Dr. R. B. sale
Raney whose success in Lafayette
may welf be an object of commend
able pride to himself and a source dy I
of gratification to a number of nice
friends. his
The Daily States 5c. cigar is all take
hand made and imported tobacco. foua
For sale by P. Demanade. hour
The present City Council is cer- ing 4
tainly seriously handicapped by the to al
condition of the town's finances. his c
This year's taxes from the property- will
holders in the additions will go to
the parish treasury as the reannexa- tice;
tionr was made to late to entitle the Mr. 4
town to collect them. Therefore, see
the Council is compelled to perform will
the somewhat difficult feat of run
ning the corporation as it stands to
day with the money from the old Tb
town only. Despite this unusal the Il
condition of affairs our councilmen ade.
have so far done very well, but it is
doubtful if they will be able to con- Sh.
tinue throughout the year without fayet
borrowing some money. looks
John Vandergriff, of tonsorial and
fame, begs The Gazette to state that -Ab
all reports to the effect that he Sha
would soon leave for Havana to go look
and fight for Cuban liberty are false ually
and he hopes that his friends will to su
give no credence to such rumors. that
John will stay at home to serve the
people of Lafayette as he has been "scal
doing for the last decade. He has form
the sticking qualities rarely found enmit
in barbers and he intends to end
his days right here. GWh
Engineers, conductors and brake- Cur ye
men say that the Daily States is the ut u
best Sc. cigar they ever smoked. Guaran
For sale by P. Demanade. Price
and Mc
Our contemporary, the Iberia En- On
terprise, closes an able editorial with Ursuli
the following: a ver
Our friends, who are sacrificing mn
principle for a selfish purpose, can
rest assured that they will never get respec
a higher tariff upon sugar than the Lady I
one now in force, and the first ad- Mexic
vantage to come to them in build- day n
ing up their industry wall be in the
placing of iron and coal on the free Lady
list. The growth of American pub- crown,
lic sentiment is in the direction of numbe
freer trade, which will lead at no taries
distant day, to absolute free trade, Grace
with a single rental value tax upon duct
locations and franchises, and the
nearer we approach to this the bet- the fir
ter will the sugar producer, as well most
as all other businesses, learn that Louisi;
the measure of their thrift and In
dustry will be the measure of their Fres
success, and it is only by this means vegetal
that "equal rights and special privi
leges to none" can be secured.
Gentlemen, watch the dawn of the Judg
Twentieth Century. Va., w
'Johns
Messrs. C. F. Moore & Co., in. La
Newberg, Ore., say: "Ve sell Nov. s
more of Chamberlain's Cough Rem- ex-Con
edy than all others put together, benefit
and it always gives satisfaction." ment ft
Mr. J. F. Allen, Fox, Ore., says: be one
"I believe Chamberlain's Cough S'uth
Remedy to be the best I have han- him
dled." Mr. WY. H. Hltchcock, 25 cent
Columbus, Wash., says: "Cham
berlain's Cough ramicdy sells well Ialitt
and is highly praised by all who use called
it." For sale by all druggists. i lle was
E Moss Bros. & Co. are closing out
the remainder of cane knives on
hl.hd at 35 and 40 cents,
^" rTherei will be a special meeting
ave no t School: Board on Saturday,
..Daly -"ov . A full attendance is de
sired'as business of importance will
t New be transacted.
r. and Editor McClure, of the Philadel
phia Times, who has been discuss- t
aing seriously and scientifically the
question, "Are Women Growing a
prising Prettier?" has come to the conclus- G
depot, ion that they are not getting pret-.
tier but quite the contrary. The
distinguished journalist believes that
usas, the type of womanhood is changing I
' from an ideal to a more masculine
ill cure one. We have interviewed a num- p
ber of bachelors on this subject, is
Amer- thinking that from them an impar
es- tial opinion as to the actual situa- tl
name. tion in Lafayette could be obtained. g(
All, with the exception of one, o
of this agreed that our girls are just as
was in pretty as their mothers used to be.
Levy Many prominent physicians high- t
home. ly recommend the Daily States ci
d for gars as free from adulteration; c
Daily hence not harmful.
'need. Creole Cough Cure acts quickly ge
and always cures. 35 cents a bottle
east- at Moss Pharmacy. th
h the Last Tuesday we had occasion to pa
ay in meet in Lafayette, Hon. A. V. an
Fournet, clerk of court of St. Mar- tio
.d to tin parish, who is a candidate for
er a Secretary of State. Mr. Fournet i
the spoke enthusiastically of his chances bhi
and informed us that he had just day
returned from St. Landry in which
over parish he had the support of lead
from ing Democrats of both factions.
to g The friends of Mr. Fournet, who Ar
are numerous, claim that this sec- ing
Lion of Louisiana should be repre- ous
atton sented on the ticket. Mr. Fournet
s in has been clerk of his parish for a by
nat- number of years and is a politician loc
the of ability. He is a brother of Alf
ubli- Judge Fournet, of Lake Charles, and can
feel a son of the late Valsin A. Fournet, sist
o in of St. Martin. car
sist
Sore Throat. Any ordinary case the
may be cured in one night by ap- whc
plying Chamberlain's Pain Balm as latt
Mr. directed with each bottle. This A
snite medicine is also famous for its cures the
uch of rheumatism, lame back and deep- we:
un- seated and muscular pains. For thei
B. sale by all druggists. the
ette and
ted- District Attorney Minos T. Gor- The
irce dy has filled his office up with a and
of nice lot of furniture, and has moved time
his books, typewriter, etc., in and WOU
all taken charge, where he can be ua
:co. found at all times during business
hours, when he is not absent attend
:er- ing court elsewhere. We don't like lAV,
the to attempt to describe the beauty of shoal
:es. his office, and will not, for fear we who v
rty- will not do it and its proprietor jus- early
a- tice; but we will simply ask that C i
the Mr. Gordy's friends call around and have
ire, see it for themselves, where they WILn
arm will be agreeably treated by this and S
an- genial gentleman.-Abbeville Star.
old The Daily States Sc. cigars still in Rev
sal the lead. For sale by P. Deman- We na
ten ade. he is I
is Con
)n- Sheriff Isaac Broussard, of La- "pat"
>ut fayette, was in town this week. He Good
looks as active and vigilant as ever and szi
and is dead sure of being re-elected. they
S-Abbeville Meridional. proces
he Sheriff Broussaid does not only day t
go look active and vigilant, but he act- very si
Ise ually is. In fact he is too much so A.
ill to suit his political enemies, and We ar
hs. that is the reason they are after his capaei
en "scalp." But, no official can per- The
as form his duty without incurring the was ap
ad enmity of some people. tured
Why suffer with Coughs, Cold and La- They
Grippe when Laxative Bromo Quinine will had a n
cure you in one day. Does not produce the Dr. I
e ringing in the head like Sulphate of Quinine. fayett
P ut up iin tablets conveni-nt for taking.
d. Guaranteed to cure or money refunded. Lui!
Price 2C cents. For sale by Wmin. Clegg lartins
and Moss Bros. & Co., Lafayette, La. Depu
On Nov. to there will be at the "old
Ursuline Convent, in New Orleans, figered
a very interesting religious cere- oadal
g mony. It will be similar in many ld dr
respects to the crowning of Our mister,
re Lady of Guadaloupe in the City of money
- Mexico a few days ago. On the et
Sday mentioned the statue of Our Sters ca
L Lady of Prompt Succor will be enough.
crowned in the presence of a larg2 Royville
f number of priests and higher digni- ver we
o taries of the Catholic church. His barber.
SGrace Archbishop Janssens will con- then the
duct the ceremony, which will be patrona
Sthe first of the kind as well as the bought f
1most imposing ever witnessed in le sto
t Louisiana. Rev. I
High hiM
r Fresh garden seeds for winter illand u
s vegetables at Moss Bros. & Co's. Dr. N.
were in I
*"Johny Iteob." L. Bo
SJudge F. R. Farrar, of Richmond, Arnaudv
Va., will deliver his famous lecture, MCSte
"Johnny Reb," at the court-house buse
in Lafayette, Wednesday night, lIr. A
1 Nov. x3, under the auspices of the buried a
ex-Confederate camp and for the ran ied
Sbenefit of the Beauregard monu- Mr. l.
ment fund. Judge Farrar is said to lroussarr
be one of the best lecturers in the
South and no one should fail to hear Prof. T
him. T'he admission price is only head are
25 cents. plates ere
The obje
Fllitor lMay, of the Rayne Tribune, .rliern a
called on its \Vedne tlday evctaing. "lli
SIle was from; a visit to Ope()lloulsa. I will yt k
using out A very peculiar freak of nature
lives on was brought to our office Thursday
afternoon by Mr. Sidney Mouton.
It is thirteen well-formed ears of
meeting corn covered by one shock, or rath
aturday, er twelve ears encircling one larger
:e is de- ear. It was taken from the field of
nce will Mr. Press Benton.
Judges Lewis and Blackman held
'hiladel- a session of the circuit court here
discuss- this week. There were three cases
on the docket, one frota Ver
ally the milion, one from Acadia, and the
rowing other, fro'n this parish, was the suit t
:onclus- of Degrez vs. Breaux; in the latter
sg pret- case the judgment of the district
r. The court was afirmed.
ves that A fine line of men's gloves at
hanging Moss Bros. & Co's.
isculine The Iberian concludes a very c
a num- pertinent editorial with the follow
subject, ing remarks: b
impar- Hence, we see that everywhere
. situa- the country paper is doing much 2
tained, good. It is safe to say that with
out the local paper progress in the W
country towns would be much less
ust as than it is.
Sbe. The country editor looks after ta
s high- these things because it is his mis- cc
tes ci- sion to do so. It is the mission of m
ration; your home paper to show the peo- pi
ple of your section which are the ft
urgent needs and if possible how to lij
luickly get them.
bottle The country newspaper does more pr
than support a lazy editor in luxuri- us
ous idleness. It does more than to
pion to at one man on the back for an ad.
L V. and bow to another for a subscip
Mar- tion. But a few realize this.
te for
turnet LOST-From Gen. F. F. Myles' place, I
mile south of Lafayette, a setter bird dog, Me
lances black, white and tan. Has been lost several fin,
d just days. Liberal reward for her recovery. pry
which ova
lead- Obstreperous Young Men.
'tions. Last Saturday Messrs. Alf. and cl.
who Aristide Etie, two young-men work- Ag
s sec- ing on the refinery, became boister- ma
repre- ous and were placed under arrest ian
urnet by Officers Veazey and Bourke and the
tician locked up. The charge against te
:r of Alfred was disturbing the peace, 1
, and carrying concealed weapon and re- Fat
rnet, sisting arrest, and against Aristide to a
carrying concealed weapon and re- ed
sisting arrest. Monday morning r.
case they appeared before the mayor, bell
ap- who fined the former $2.5o and the to a
rn as latter $S.oo, both with costs. a. a
This A reporter.of the Gazette was at pal
cures the town hall when the prisoners wall
Seep- we:e taken there preparatory to upo'
For their incarceration, and it is due to cIu
the forbearance of Officers Veazey this
and Bourke that no one was hurt.
Gor- The prisoners defied the officers
th a and refused to go to jail. At one 7o,
oved time it was believed that the officers
and would be compelled to use their I
clubs, but thanks to their courage since
ana patience it was not necessary. iice
ness I log
end- The Old Bark. l:ine
Wild Cherry, commanded by Capt.
like DAVI, is cruising among the dangerous
ty of shoals of Consumption, ready to save any
we who will get aboard. Consumption in its
jus- early stages can be cured by DAvis' WVr.n
that CIERRY AND TAR. If you have a Cough,
Cold, Asthma, Bronchitis, if the children 71T t
and have Croup or Whooping Cough, DAVIs'
they WILD CHERRY AND TAR will cure. 5oc. 1895.
this and $r.oo per bottle. Oct
on ha
tar. At Royville. Nov.
II in Rev. Father Chabrier has been quite ill. Nov.
tan- We are pleased to state that at this writing f
he is better and improving nicely. Nov.
Confrere "Chickasaw" figures it down
La- "pat" with balls and ballrooms. Like all Nov.
good "'Reds" "Chickasaw" and "Chero
H kee" can stand an open dance, yell, drink Nov.
ver and smoke as well as the next mortal, but
:ed. they object in toto to the "squeeze me"
process. Correct, eh, "Chick!" Total.
Dr. Scranton was called to Milton Tuess 1895
nly day to see Dr. Cushman's baby, who wa- Oct. E
Ict- very sick with an attack of croup. Marti,
A. A. Mouchet, Esq., has resigned asWm'
councilman of the corporation of Royville.
Wnd We are sorry to lose Mr. Mouchet in this J. E.
his capacity, as he has been a faithful officer, Emile
serving his t3wn with honor and dignity. Victor
The popular J. M. Olivier, of Ducha mp, D.J.
the was a pleasant caller Sunday. Wm. .
Mr. and Mrs. Hilaire Broussard have re- C. Ric
turned home from their honey-moon trip.
La. They visited several Texas cities and Total.
vill had a most enjoyable time. To c
the Dr. Dyer and family were visiting in La
ne. fayette Sunday.
Louis Olivier, with Philip Mouton, of St. The
:gg Martinsville, were in Royville Sunday. were a
Deputy Sheriff Hebert Billiard, of La- Foll
fayette, was in Royville Friday. D. J.
he "Old Antenny," a good old darkey who .Tha
is, figered prominently in politics during radi- Wm rh
cal days, living near Royville, called at the
re- office last week. To a question asked the stc
ny old darkey regarding the political outlook, Emile
he answered with much emphasis: "Lordy, WbS
r mister, dis old man is out of policies, out of
of money and thanks to Almighty God, out of James
the penitentiary. No, sir, this old man
wants no more politics in his. The young- Oc
ur sters can have all they want, but I've got
enough." FolIo
A baker who could furnish bread daily to Adverts
s Royville and surrounding country would do for
LI very well here. Lafayet
What is also badly needed in Royville is a R. C. G
barber. It is true the town is small, but
. then the people from the country would lend
patronage, thus giving a barbes a fair trade. F Gl
S Our fellowtownsman, Joe G. Leblanc, The a
e bought from Mr. Arthur Roy his Broussard- next mo.
Sville store, lots and residence. The price Upon
paid for the whole is $3,ooo. Jos. Dui
Rev. Father Trainor, of New Iberia, said ning pil
High MIass Sunday, Father Chabrier being Iwnalty
r ill and unable to attend to clerical duties. $25.dy o
Dr. N. D. Young and Postmaster -Mouchet Movec
were in Lafayette Tuesday. 1M. Bioss
L. Bonnemaison attended the races at tion ren
Arnaudville Sunday. on the dl
Messrs. Lncien S. Broussard and J. R.
Domengeaux called at Lafayette Tuesday
Son business.
S Mr. Alpha Miguez, of Lafayette, was th or
e buried at Royville MonrIay. The gentle- the
e mailn (lied while on a visit to his daughter. his atas
M- r. ILucius Duhon, a thriving farmer from 189, ar
Broussardville, also candidate for constable Jacques i
of the 5th ward, was an agreeable visitor nent on
C Tuesday. Idisortlerl:
r Prof. Toler, whose keen eyes and bald'forced.
r head are always on the qui-vive, contem- i
plates ere long givinlg an amnateur theatrical. Unanij
The object is to raise funds so as to buy, There
modern desks anti benches for his pupils. Council
"'oler i, a hustler, and although he cannot Monulhy,
"'parlais francais, ' the pciole of his district
I will )yet know that with his indlt,: itaile will, lN I.
of nature
Thursday he must succeed. Success to you, Professor.
Moutton. Whilst in Lafayette, Tuesday, we had the
honor of shaking hands with nearly all the
ears of candidates-Judge DeBaillon, Judge Mou
or rath- Iton, Sheriff Campbell, Mr. Bailey, old Uncle
me larger 1Ozeme, clean shaven Voorhies. The only
eleld of one missing was that "'hoosler from the
country,"-Ike Broussard-who is undoubt
edly one of the best sheriffs In the State.
nan held J. O. Blanchet was in Broussard Monday.
urt here CiIEROKKE.
c Vers City Council- Proceedings.
and the LAFAYETTE, LA., Nov. 4, 1S95.
The City Council met this evening in reg
thesuit ular session. The following members were
e latter present: Mayor A. J. 'oss, Messrs. Jos. e
district Ducote, B. Falk, T. M. Biossat, Leo Dou- "
cet and J. U. LeBlanc. Absent: Dr. J. D.
Trahan, Hon. O. C. Mouton.
Oves at The minutes of special meeting, Sept. so,
and minutes of regular meeting of Oct. 7,
1895 were read and approved. n
The committee of five appointed by Coun- a
a very cil to act in connection with Business Men's g
follow- Association made the following report, which C
was, upon motion of Mr. B. Falk, seconded
by Jos. Ducote, received:
rywhere LAFAYETTE, LA., Nov. 4, 1895. n
Smuch To he Ion. Mayor and City Council/.
at with- Gentlemen-Your committee on water
s in the works and electric lights desire to submit
less their report.
We have made sufficient investigation to
satisfy your committee that, in order to ob- St
:s after tain satisfactory information and bids for the
Lis mis- construction of a plant and be able to pro
io of ceed any further, it will be necessary to
make a survey and map of the town, with -
e pe- plans and specifications of what is necessarya
are the for a system of waterworks and electric
how to lights.
As the survey cannot be made without
funds we ask your honorable body to appro
'a more priate the sum of four hundred dollars, to be
luxuri- used for this purpose.
han to Respectfully yours,
an ad. T. M. BIossAT, Chairman;
aWM. CAMPBELL,
bsCI p- T. B. HoPKINS,
JNo. I. BELL,
O. C. MOUTON.
place, 1 In compliance with request of Business *
rd dog, Men's committee the Council instructed the
tseveral finance committee to make arrangements to
ry. procure the four hundred dollars and turn
over to committee.
*. If any balance remains to revert to Coun
f. and cil.
The committee appointed to secure State Ne
Agricultural Society to meet at this place
oister- made a report through Chairman Biossat and
a letter from John Dymond president Louis
arrest iana Agricultural Society, was read in which Su(
:e and they accept the invitation tendered. Date
of meeting to be announced through papers
gainst later.
)eace, Moved by Jos. Ducote, seconded by B. N
nd re- Falk, that mayor appoint a committee of 5 an a
ristide to act in conjunction with the eight appoint- Judi
ad re ed by Police Jury and the following gentle- iana
men were appointed: Messrs. R. C. Greig, of L
rning r. A. Broussard, John Hahn, WVm. Camp- A. I
layor, bell and O. C. Mouton. They are requested miss
d the to meet said committee of Police Jury at II said
a. m., Saturday Nov. :6. sign,
Communication from Miss Greig, princi- trato
was at pal of high school in regard to having side- high
oners walk on Lafleur's property was read and Si
' to upon motion of Leo Doucet, seconded by betw
e to r. LeBlanc, same was referred to street of L
committee, and they instructed to look into scrib
eazey this at once.
CONSTABLE'S REPORT. O
licers LAFAYETTE, LA., Oct. 7, 1895- Addi
: one 7' the lion. iMayor and Councilmen of the a.
licers Town of Lafayette, La. mnt
their I have collected the following sums 39 ,a
Irage since my last report as follows:
I.icenses for 1895 .................$70 oo
I og license ........................ I oo
Fine on redm'g hog for Joe Castel..... oo No
Capt. Total
T otal ......... ........... .. ................... ...........$72 oo
erous Respectfully submitted,
any 13. J. V"AZ,.,
in its Constable and Collector.
WVr.n TIREASURER'S REP'ORT.
ough, LAFAYFTTE, LA., Oct. 7, 1895.
ildren T' t/Lc lr. Aayor an: members of City
AS' ('ouncil of Lafayette, La.
50c. 1895. DR.
Oct- 7. To amount cash
on hand as per report this day..........$16o 97
Nov. r. Rec'd on account from Mr.
A. Neveu ..................... o 00
:e ill. Nov. 2. From Mayor A. J. Moss,
riting for fines and renmits ........... 21 50
Nov. 4. Rec'd from D. J. Veaxey
Town for licenses................ .....70 oo
:e a Nov. 4. Rec'd from D. J. Veazey
hero- for fines on stock................ I oo
rink Nov. 4. Rec'd from D. J. Veazey
Sbut for dog license.....I............... . oo
Total .... ...............................................$z264 47
ness r895. CR.
wa- Oct. 8. By cash to
Martin & Ducote .................. 35
Sas Win. B. Bailey ....................... 600 FINI
,ille. E. Constantin ..... ..................... 700oo
thisJ. E. Martin.. o 65 ARR
icer,Emile Barra ................................. - 0 6
Victor Breaux......................................3 00
Victor Breaux 3 =
D. J. Veazey ........................ So 00oo
m p, y. P. Oil Co ............. ........................ 86
W m. Sonnier ........................ 7 45
re- C. Richard.
trip. .....................................3 55
and Total.............................
To cash on hand this day 7......$6.6.
La - Respectfully submitted
D). V. GARDEHLED, Treasurer.
St. The collector's and treasurer's reports
were accepted and ordered recorded.
La- Following accounts were approved:
D. J. Veazey, salary Oct., $50.oo
vho hauling dogs etc. $l.75. . 5.. 5r 75
adi rahan & Doucet, paints etc............ 2 70
the Wm. Graser, damper and putting up
the stove in city hall................ a 50o
ok Emile Barras, s8) days work on
bridges ...............................s 8 o
Win. Sonnier, lighting lamps Oct..... 20
of James Whitmayer, 4 days deputy con
ian camp meeting....... .. ...... ...... 8 oo -
Alcee Bourque, 24 days deputy con.
g. Oct. '895 ..... .................... 40 00
Following accounts held over:
to Advertser 2nd quarter $18.75 tickets 3 Ring
do for election $r.oo.......... ...... 9 75 -2 Mi
Lafayette Gazette 2nd quarter $18.75 18 75
R. C. Greig, commis a elections...... Colos
but W. P. Oil Co., bill Oct..............~ 36 Royal
nd Baxt,:r Clegg, commis I election ... 3 50o
F. G. Mouton, commis I election...3 50 4 Trai
c The above accounts will be paid first of 20,000
next month.
e Upon motion of Leo Doucet, seconded by
Jos. Ducote, the ordinance in regard to run
id ning pipes through roof be amended and
Imnalty read- as follows: Not exceeding
$25.oo or be imprisoned not to exceed 30o
days or both at the discretion of the mayor.
Let Moved by Leo !)oucet, seconded ly T.
MI. Biossat, that the rate of property taxa
at tion remain the same as heretofore-5 nmills On ever)
on the dollar. the Greal
R. MAYOR'S REPORT. ster, maj
y LAFAYETTrE, LA., Oct. 7. 1895
To the City Council--In compliance with
s the ordinance of July 23, 1894, requiring
- the mayor to report in writing any and all
his acts under said ordinance, on Oct. ir ,
m IS95, a official warning was issued to
SJacques I). Ilelhomme, that it his establish
r ntent o, l.incoln Avenue should continue
disorderly, the said ordiiance would bIe en-  Pe
Id ' forced. Resspcctfully,
- A.J. X)MOSS, Mayr. on the
i. Unanin'musly adopted. swindler
ly, T'bere being no further Ibusine.ss the
s. Council adjourned to meet on D)ec. 2,
SMond, at 4 p. m. . MOSS
I, n.1., .:, C ,., S:,,, AD MI
essor. Walking Around the World.
td the Fritz Meyer, aged 25, and Mose
ill the Wiessner, aged o20, are presently en
, a gaged in going around the world on
only I foot. They left lierlin on the Ist
the of June and arrived in Lafayette
oubt- Thursday at 3 p. in. They are not
to ask for anything and are allowed
iday. to work only when it is absolutely i
. neces'sary to procure food, During
their stay in Lafayette they were
cared for by Mr. Hahn, the hospit
5' able manager of the Star and Cres
rag cent. Mose Weissner is quite an
os. experienced pedestrian, having -
)ou- walked from New York to San
D. Francisco.
10, Imitation is a criterion of good
7 ness. Lots of other Jeans Pants
,un- are said to be as good, or nearly as
n's good, as the BUCKSKIN BREE
hich CHES. There's as much difference
between the original and the pretty
nearly-as-good-pants, as between a
dollar and a counterfeit.
ter- I.d
anit For Sale. In
to Three good lots for business to
ob- stands. On Lincoln avenue, op)
the posite Parkerson park. Apply to to
to MRS. M. GARDNER. de
pith n.
c SPECIAL ATTENTIONth
Gt GIVEN to SIIPaMENTS OF cil
SRough Rice a!'
LIBERAL AD VANCES MADE x
And Satisfaction Guaranteed. 011
onIe
F/H. T. COTTAM & CO., 1
to (Limted.) eg
rn Wholesale Grocers of
And Importers, pla
S 42o and 422 Poydras Street, tiom
te New Orleans, - - - Louisiana. for
1d Public Sale. Noi
5- -
h Succession of Sallie Martin, de
ceased.
hav
. Notice is hereby given that by virtue of alle
an order issued by the Honorable the 17th f
j- Judicial District Court of the State of Louis- ing
- iana, holding session in and for the Parish mit
of Lafayette, dated the--day of October, Lasr
- A. D. 1895, and by virtue also out of a com- desh
mission issued out of said court, based upon hibA
a said order and directed to me, the under
signed clerk of court and ex-officio adminis- the
Strator, I will sell at public auction, to the an e
highest bidder, on vote
d Saturday, December 14, 1895, exe
between the legal hours of sale, in the town N
of Lafayette, said parish, the following de- an ii
0 scribed property belonging to said succession, cour
to-wit: Nov
One certain lot of ground, in Mrouton's that
Addition, situated in the town of Lafayette, Ieb
L a., with all the buildings and improve- will
ments thereon, bounded north by lot No. here
307, south by Jackson street, east by lot No. ular
319 and west by lot No. 321. must
WV. B. BAILEY, amer
Clerk of Court Gi
And Ex-Officio Administrator. teent
Nov. 9, 1895.
C;O 51 1 !
THE CREAT
WALLACE SHOWS
00
00 To Lafayette on Wednesday, Nov. 20.
THE GREATEST, LARGEST, GRANDEST AND BEST OF
America's Amusement Enterprises
FINEST HORSES AND GREATEST OF ANY SHOW
ARRAY OF CIRCUS TALENT ON EARTH !
00
86
- ". . -
NO WONDER IT IS CREAT.
3 Rings! 2 Stages! ............. zoo Phenomenal Acts:.
- Mile Race Track! ....... 2 Hurricane Races .........
Colossal enagerie!..... .. . 25 Clowns! 6 ands 5o ages.....
Royal Aquarium!................ 15 Open Dens!......... ....
4 Trains. ro Acres Canvas!.. .... Herd of Elephants..........
20,000 Seats! x500 Employcs.... I)rove of Camels ................
World's Renowned l'cerfornmers ..
$4,ooo.oo Daily Expenses! ....... Every Great Act Knowne . a.
o APITA L, - $3,000,000.00!
EXCURSIONS WILL BE RUN
On every line of travel to enablle visitors front a distance to attend the exhilbitions of this A
the Greatest Show of the Modlern Va l'. Trains aill arrive in tioe to ithaes., the ,,,n
ster, majestic, spectacular, grand, tree
Street Parade One Mile Long!
50 FREE EXHIBITIONS DAILY. 50 "
Experienced 1etecti eS in fttendance. They are constantly ,,
on the watch to protect the public from the operations of gamblcrs and fro
swindlers.
REMEMBER THE DATE I
nADMISSION E UDER 9 YRS
ADMISSION 50 CTS, CHILLUPEN UNDER 9 YRS 25 CTSI te
/THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF LAFAYETTE.
CAPITAL $50,000.
CROW QIRARD, President. S. R. PARKERSON, Cashier.
J. Q. PARKERSON, Vice President. F. V. MOUTON, Aslsitsmt atCoshi,
--DIR EC'TORS-
CRO GIR.4RD, .. S. S. '/AGTV, P. B. ROY,
L. . BRO-, .4. f. los'. ,/. G. PARAERSOA;
A LcIDR JUDIG/~ F. DA'.M.4N-I DE, A. P. MFOSS.
;an Succession Sale.
State of Louisiana-Parish of La
fayette.--Succession of D)r. Fe
its lix C. Latiolais, deceased.
as -
7E- 1th Judicial L)istrict Court-- No.
ice 2025.
a By v'irtue of an order issued out of the
17thl Judicial D)istrict Court of Louisiana in
ard for the parish of Lafayette, bearing
date November 7, 1895, I ant nuthorize:
rand commissioned to sell at public auction
at the front door of the court-house, in the I
'ss town of Lafayette, La., on the
- 1tl4th day of Decnmber, 1895,
to to the last and highest bidder, the following
(described property, belonging to said above
named Succession, to-wit:
One certain tract of praric land situated in
N the parish of Lafayette, Carenero, on the
west bank of Bayou Vermilion, containing
eighty-five and 5o110oo arpents, more or less,
bounded north by Pierre Prejean, Horace 1
Martin and others; south by Roche Mouton
and. F. D)upuis, east by Biayou Vermilion a
and west by property of Ernest Bernard, I
and Alexander and Leonard Latiolais.
Terms and Conditions:-This property 2
1 will ue sold as follows: One-third cash;
one-third in one year from day of sale, and s
one-third in two years front day of sale; s
deferred payments to be secured by mort- p
gage, with vendor's privilege, and to bear
eight per cent per annum interest from day a
of sale, together with to per cent additional It
for costs of collection, should said notes be lI
placed in the hans of an attorney for collec- S
tion: Purchaser to execute his two notes 4
,for the deferred payments.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD,
Sheriff of Lafayette parish. Sý
Nov. 9, t895.
Election Notice.
Whereas, a petition numerously signed of
having been presented to the City Council, ea
- alleging that a majority of the voters are in te
favor of amending the Stock Law, and ask
ing that an informal election be called sub
[ mitting to the white voters of the town of a
Lafayette, whether a majority of said voters i an
desrie the stock law amended so as to pro- LI
hibit stock from roaming at night time only.
And the City Council having authorized
the mayor to issue his proclamation, calling __t
an election and submit to the white qualified
veters said question, and to appoint three
commissioners to hold said election, at the
expense of petitioners. the
Now therefore, I hereby give notice that poi
an informal election will be held at the ,ir
court-house, on Saturday the ninth day of La
November 1895, during the usual hours, and as
that J. E. Martin, R. C. Greig and Alf.
Hlebert are appointed commissioners, who poi
will conduct said election in accordance
herewith and make return thereof as in reg- her
ular election, to the mayor. The tickets g
must have printed or written on them "For her
amending the Stock Law."
Given under my hand officially, this six
teenth day of October, 1895.
A. J. Moss, Mayor.
_ _.ar
SHIERIFF'S SALE.
of I.a- State of Louisiana, Parish of Lafa.
.Fe- yette, No. 1350-Succes
cl. sion of. Jacques
Roman.
L-No.
ltv virtue of an order issued out of the
17t1h Judicial District Court in and for the
of the parish of Lafayette, bearing date Sept i,
inana in 1895, and to to e directed, I have been au
hearing thorized and empowered to sell and will sell
thorized at public anct.on at the front door of the court
auction house of the said parish, to the last and
in the highest bidder. between legal sale hours, on
Saturday, Nov. 9, 1898.
:15, the following described property, to-wits
Ilowing Lot No. One-The claim of said Succes
I above sion against the United States for the unsat
isfied land claims being O. B., W. Dist B.
sated in 1427, for 8o arpents H. s428, for 320 ar
on the pents, Ii. 1429, for 240 arpents, B. 1430,
taining for 400 arpents, B. 143r, for 16o arpents, B.
or less, 1471, for 400oo arpents, B. 187o, for 440 ar
Horace punts, in all 2040 arpenta.
!Mouton Lot two-- The claims of said succession
rmilion against the United States for the unsatisfied
ernard, land claims known as C. No 1347, for 233
arpents in the report of land board dated
roperty May 1815.
I cash; Lot three-Attakapas warrant, No. 718,
le, and series of July 1812, for 50 acres of cypress
f sale; swamp land on Grosse Tete, Bayou Rate
wort- phen.
o bear Iot four-The claims of said succesaion
m day against the United States for the unsatisfied
litional land claims being O. B- West District of
rtes be Louisiana, No. 1433, for 320 arpents, A.
collec- No 1462, for 56o arpetnts and B. 187o, for
notes 440 arpents, in all 132o arpents.
Terms Cash.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD,
,arish. Sept. 14. Sheriff of Lafayette parish.
Something For Nothing.
Of all the recent efforts at writing the life
signed of Napoleon in popular style, Miss Tarbell's
runcil, easily leads, in point both of merit and in
ask- terest. It first appeared serially in MIc
sub- C/ure's /lagaazine, and is now published in
sn - a handsonmely printed cloth-bound volume,
with 250 illustrations. The book is having
voters an enormous sale at St.oo per copy. PUB
oppy. t LIC OPINION (New York City) is actually
prized giving away this tine volume to new sub
alling scribers. Write for particulars.
dihied
three Protection to Ganme and Poultry.
t the The undersigned will pay $50 bounty to
the persons making the highest numlber of
that points by killing predatory animals and
the birds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,
ty of La., before the 1st day of January, 1896,
and as follows:
Alf. $25 to the one making greatest number o
who points.
lance S15 to the one making next greatest num
reg- ber of points.
1kets $1o to the one making next greatest num
bFor her tf points.
Value of different heads are to be counted
six- by points, as fellows.
I. 1N T. POINTS
Large awk.......... 5 W ild cat .............
Small hawk. 15 Coon ...... 5.....
Owl .................. .15 Opossum ............5
Mink Weasel.............15 Weasel. 5
Skuk .......... .. . 15 Fox............ . 15
Hieads of birds of prey and scalps of ani
mals to be delivered to WinVm. Clegg who will
give receipt for points, no bounty to be paid
5 for less than five hundred points.
F. F. MYLES.
Demand of Administration.
State of Louisiana, Parish of TLafa
ette-r7th Judicial Dis
trict Court.
Whereas Emilne Talun, of the parish of St.
Martin, has tiled in said court a petition to
,be appointed administrator of the succession
of Orelien Breaux, deceased. Any person
intending to make any opposition to said
appointment will tile the same in said court
within ten days from publication of this
S notice; otherwise said appointment will be
made.
Given under my official seal and signature
in the town of I.afayette, La., this 24th day
of October, A. I). 1895.
Oct. 26. \V. . DBAILt.-, Clerk of Court.
To the Public
Some person or persons have, through sel
fish motives, stated to a number of people
in this town that I was going ont of the meat
business. I desire to say that this statement
is false. I will continue to sell meat to all
who wish to buy from tie, notwithstanding
all reports to the contrary.
PAUL CASTEL.
Public Sale.
Succession of Thomas Clews, De
ceased.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of
an order issiued bi, the Ihin. the 17th Judi
cial IDistrict Court of the State of Louisiana,
holding session in and for the parish of La
fayette, dated the 14th day of October, A.
I). IS95, and by virtue also out of a com
mission issued out of said court, based upon
said order and directed to tme, the under
signed Clerk of Court and Ex-Oflicio Ad
|iiniiiitrator, I will sell at public auction, to
the highest and last bIidlcder, on
Sktturdaty, Novemiber 16, 1895,
* between the legal hours of sale, at Carencro.
Sl.a., in this parish, the following described
I property belonging to said succession, to-wit:
One spotted heifer; one yellow cow; spot
Ited cow ant calf; red caw and calf; one
,l bltc horse;: one brown horse; one mare; one
. till': one coht; one pair mules; one plow
. and hanamcs; 40 barrels of corn; and 400oo lbs.
I seel in cottont, etc.
T"ernts cash. 1V. B. BAILEY,
Clerk of Court and Ex-Oflicio Adminimasator.
S FODR SALE!
Attcntion Holmle Seekers an.
A chance of your life time to secure an
idel home ani proftitable f~arm. Also the
BI\AUSI-JOUR Springs and Park situated
on the banktof the neautiful Bayou Verailt
ion. A large commodious country residene
with *TWO IHUNi)RHE-D ARPENTS of
Excellent land. Soil very best fo cultiva
tiont of Sugar cane, corn, cottom, etc. One
mile from the Tl'tsn of Lafayette; half mile
from Sugar Refinery. Apply at store of
S MOUTON BROS.
Application For-Pardon.
I am applying for a full pardon from a
sentence of eight months in the State p . l
tentiary for the lareeny of a cow at th: last -:
term of court. JosrPn Doxsedajg. .; -- --