T1lE LAFJCY GAZUIW
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SAT~URDAY, AUGUST 4, 1894. NUMBER ::&i:i
NU;M A BROUSSARD,
-Cilaelt aker and
SFamitre Repairer'
OF ALL KINDS.
T ·ing of Banisters, Scroll Banisters,
'uii.niaad Plain Mantels, Fancy Glass
DooraEsEll kinds, Baclkets, etc.
-L&NAWAETTI, LA.
L `FAYETTE
NBacksmith,
WVEELWRIGIT anl SUPPLY SHOP.
-.esrusank Unidlag.
FlED -IOJ-TOIN, Proprietor.
riei,; .conýsistent with work
oa:.x I-,1Afl aeWmptly attendod to.
Jatisafotion guaranteed.
.. -I. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
-Ofice on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
E.O. V ORH IES,
ATTORNEY. AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Ladayete, La.
It. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA..
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
-.A.tL o rJney at I ..aw,
L~ LAFAYETTE, LA.
E. PRIOLLAUD,
Watchmaker
and Jeweler
--ANiD) IIEALEIn IN
ioch Jewelry, atches, Dismounb, Eto
C'ejg's Building, Courthouse Square.,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA
ALBERT de la HOUSSAYE,
BAKER
Confectioner,
Vermillion Street, LAFAYETTE, LA
RAILROAD BARBElL S8110.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
TI E- "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
IH. L, fIONNIER,
-Dealer in
General
Ilerchandise.
FRESH GROCERIES ALWAYS ON HAND
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERYStable
AND
FEED abe
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable prices.
Careful drivers furnished when required.
LAFAYETTE, LA.
jan 17.
C." DEBAILLON,
- .V1Y 31 R.
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
OPELOUSAS, LA.
-AND
Sale Stable
E COISTAITIN, Proprihtor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A praotitioner in the State 22 years,
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls
attentionto his new and syccessful treat
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal Inbhlations combined with consti
tutional' treatment affording a curse -
Consumption, in the first and second
period if .ihey follow exactly the treat
ment and relief in the third period.
Deafiess and chronic diseases in gen
tral a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
-AIND---
Justice of the Peace.
aresi and prompt attention given tfe
the co tion of h-il. oecounts, notes oe
_Irtai. 'Sale aiht ptesjise oif.lands at
tendeade 1-19
----I-; MOUTON-- - .,'
.Ci I:i.MOUTON, -
MECHANICAL FREAKS.
Queer Things That Are Rent to the
Patent Ofoe.
Contrivances for corramlling ets and
Bugs- Uany Inventors After the
Prlky Rodent-Odd MuSleal
Enstrumeate.
American invention has given birth
to no end of freaks, which have been
embalmed at the patent office, in
Washington. in order that they may
not perish. Some of the queerest of
them are devices for entrapping
-- beasts, bugs, fishes and even human
beings.
What, for example, could be funnier
than the notion of using imitation
flowers with poisoned honey to attract
r noxious insects? The artificial blos
somes, each containing a small quanti
Sty of sugary liquid properly prepared,
are to be fastened to twigs. Moths of
destructive species sip the deadly
nectar and die. A more elaborate de
vice of a similar description is intended
for the protection of apple trees. It is a
tin can covered as to its upper - half
with luminous paint. On the outside
of the lower half apple blossoms are
represented jvith the same sort of
paint. Inside of *the receptacle is a
I small quantity of cider. The can is to
be hung on a branch of an apple tree
at night. Insects attracted by the
pictured flowers light upon the can.
The smell of the cider induces them to
1 enter through holes provided for that
purpose; they drop into the cider and
are drowned.
It is not always easy to distinguish
between a crank idea and a useful dis
' covery. The poisoned counterfeits of
flowers above described are said to
work very well. Many years ago a
man got a patent for a method of kill
ing bugs on trees by inclosing the
whole tree in a sort of balloon of can
vas, into which an asphyxiating gas was
to be poured for the purpose of suffo
cating the insects. Everybody thought
he was a lunatic; but now that his
patent has run out the merits of the
plan have suddenly obtained apprecia
tion, and its adoption is alleged to
have saved the orange-growing indus
try in California.
Several kinds of luminous balts for
fish have been patented. One of these
is a minnow of hollow glass coated on
the inside partly with a solution of
gold or silver and partly with luminous
paint. The result is a very brilliant
object in the water, calculated to at
tract any predacious creature with
fins. Another interesting contrivance
is for making frog-bait more seductive.
The jerking of the line equipped with
this device causes the frog's legs to
move as if he were swimming.
Contrivances for catching insects
are more numerous than any others.
One of them is a. furnace for slaughter
ing potato bhugs. To begin with, a
deep and wide furrow is to be plowed
all around an infested field. Through
this trench a smooth log is dragged to
make the surface hard and smooth.
The bugs in migrating to other
grounds are unable to scale the trench,
and the furnace, which is a cylinder of
iron filled with fuel, is drawn along
the furrow and destroys them. Other
odd devices are cartridges intended to
be inserted in the mouths of ant holes
and to be fired, thus communicating
stifling vapors to the subterranean
chambers; also many kinds of lamps
•for attracting and burning up the
moths of various worms in cotton
fields. There is a toy pistol for in
cects, which sucks them in when the
trigger is pulled.
An inge nious westerner has inventenc
a trap for catching the horn fly, which
is su'.h an enemy to cattle in some
parts of the country. It consists most
importantly of a great frame to which
brush is attached in such a manner
that when the beasts walk through,
cage. - ; they always are to scratch
thenselves, the flies will be scraped
from their bodies by the branches.
'Finnaly the frame is closed up by
mrans' of doors and the captured in
sects are destroyed.
\N arly everybody has heard of the
gold tapeworm trap, which the patient
swallows. Bedbug traps are of several
vari ties, all of them being intended
to afford attractive hiding-places for
those bloodsuckers and to be burned or
scolded out afterward.
fMich ingenuity has been expended
in rat traps. Some of them are so
elaborate that no full-witted rodent
would go near them. One requires Mir.
flat to come in through a door, which
drops behind him and makes him a
prisoner. Seeing a bright light above
he ascends a flight of little steps and
trots across a small plank that is so
nicely adjusted as to balance that his
weight causes it to tip and throw him
into a tank of water. Another con
trivance consists of a double chamber.
One chamber has a glass end, through
which Mr. Rat sees two or three imi
tation rats having a nice time with a
bit of cheese. Wishing to join them,
he runs around the box, gets into the
other chumber and is caught.
There are a number of devices which
employ mirrors for the purpose of
luring Mr. Rat to his fate. He monnts
on top o. a barrel andi sees a toothsome
piece of cheese. As he approaches it
he beholds another rodent-in reality
his own reflection in a piece of look
ing glass-coming for the cheese from
the opposite direction. He makes a
dash to get there first, and a pivoted
board drops him into the cask, which
is half full of water. Rats will swim
for a long time, so one hnmanitarian
has pat-nted a water trap with little
shelves around the edge and just above
the surface. On the shelves are placed
small hasd weights with fish hooks
hanging from them. The captunred rat
in tryirg to escape grasps one of. the
hooks, gets it fastened in his mouth,
dislodges the piece of lead and is car
ried to the bottom by tc latter.
Sparrow traps ate of many different
kinds. - Most of them inavite the birds
to walk in through a dcor, which ds~s
behind thef,-making them prisoners.
Wlhen next' seen in the restaurants
t hracetdbin. a oS tot., Otrueater
interest are eoutivances for catching
thieves. One o': them is designed to
discourage bank sneaks. The sneak
puts his hand in through the. teller's
window and unintatentionally actuates
a mechanism which causes a slide with
spikes to close suddenly upon his paw
and impale it. A trap of somewhat
similar character is a steel shatter for
a house window so disguised with coy
ering and fringe as to look like an or
dinary curtain. If a burglar tries to
enter at night It shutsidoWii tipod him,
the spikes hidden by the fringe help
ing to hold him fast.
American inventors have been fruit
ful of queer ideas in musical instru
ments. Patents have been sought for
violins made of metal, of earthenware,
of glass, of leather, and even of glue.
Plain wood, however, maintains its
place as the accepted material for this
purpose. How many people have ever
heard of the "doorophone?" It con
sists of a frame and sounding board
with tuned wires and little metal balls
suspended. The contrivance is hung
upon a door. When the latter is opened
the balls swing back and forth and
strike harmonious chords.
There is a patent device for playing
the banjo by electricity. It requires
no skill, the instrument being op
erated by a sheet of paper with per
forations which control the making
and breaking of a circuit. Mechanical
fingers thus actuated pick the strings
and depress them at the frets. An
other instrument is so arranged that
one may play the banjo by manipulat
Ing the keys of a keyboard like that of
a piano on a small scale. The same
idea is varied by a combination of
piano and violin, the strings of the lat
ter being fingered by the use of a
piano-like keyboard. Of course, that
is the difficult part of violin playing,
the handling of the bow being simple
enough. The bow is held in the
right hand while the fingers of the left
hand strike the keys.
Within the last few years many
musical instruments that play them
selves have been invented. These
ought to be a godsend in non-musical
households, not to mention the saving
of money for teaching and of distress
to the nerves of those who are not do
ing the practicing. For example, there
is the piano-organ, which is operated
by strips of perforated paper like an
organette. It is either a piano or an
organ, or both together, and it plays
itself much better than most people
who understand the piano could play
it, because the mechanical arrange- I
ment is made with a high degree of
musical skill. The performer simply
works the bellows. But there is a con
trivance with mechanical hands which
may be shoved up in front of any
piano and will do the playing.
Another patent contrivance for the
piano furnishes the instrument with
auxiliary strings which sound in
sympathy with the ordinary strings,
though they are not struck. Then are
turned in harmony with the primary
strings, and augment the volume of
tone. There is a kind of piano that
holds a note as long as the finger is
kept on the key; the string is kept
vibrating by an electro-magnet. The
Janko key-board is already becoming:
well known. Its arrangement enables
the player to reach several octaves
with a single hand, thus rendering
certain effects of execution possible.
which could not be obtained on an
ordinary key-board. There are several
devices by which the performer is en
abled to improvise on the piano, and
to have the improvisations recorded
with self-inking pens or otherwise.
Afterwards the record may be trans
lated into the common notation.
Patents have been granted for mak
ing innumerable queer things out of
paper, such Os carpets. electric con
dnits, leadpencils, roofing material,
car wheels, boats, pails, coffins,
brushes and combs. Mattresses are
manufactured out of paper pulp and
ordinary sponge, springs being imbed
ded in the composition. A cloth paper
for banknotes has been invented, the
notion being to render such money less
perishable and more difficult to coun
terfeit. Paper is used nowadays for
architectural decorations, interior and
exterior. Cornices, panels.and friezes
are molded out of the pulp.
Music boxes nowadays are made in
all sorts of queer shapes. The glass
water bottle on the dinner table plays
a tune while the guest fills his tum
bler. The cigar holder becomes tune
ful when a match is struck upon it.
Toilet sets have music boxes concealed
in them. Fruit plates, on being placed
upon the festive board, start up with
jigs and waltzes. Photograph albums
become harmonious when opened.
Clocks, instead of striking, emit oper
atic fragments every hour. Artificial
singing birds, run by clockwork with
bellows and whistle. carol melodious
lg. One may buy an imitation canary,
robin or nightingale, in a cage.
One of the most successful of recent
inventions is a process for making arti
fieial straws out of paper for drinking
iced beverages. Everybody knows
that real straws are apt to be defective;
but the imitations are always satisfac
tory and never fail to draw. After
they pre rolled they are treated with
paraffine, render them watertight
and non-aorbent. The same patent
covers mouthpieces for cigarettes,
which are manufactured in a similar
fashion.
Medals are made out of paper and
colored to imitate silver or bronze.
Cigar boxes are manufactured from
the same material, flavored with cedar
oil to give them the customary smell.
Hollow telegraph poles of paper pulp
are a new invention. They are coated
.with silicate of potash to preserve
them.
One of the oddest inventionarecorded
at the.patent offiee is a sort of gun in.
tended'te be.fixed upon the head of a
steer that is to be'Alaughtered. The
stroke of a hammer or a pin fires a
cartridge and discharges a bullet into
the brain of the animal. It is almost
noiseless, and death is instantaneous.
There are sevoral _.der.s for death
alarms, to give hnotice in ease a person
comes to life after being buriede$rplg
THaehe, $p Deatoit ?rle Prees.
SCHOOL ANp CHURCH.
---One of the - t Sanskirt classee
in America is-that iiiBoston university.
It began the year witbh twelve menr
bers, and is closing ]heleven.
-It is claimmd. a college gradu
ate's chance of g a fair degree
of eminence are as ~to 1 as compared
with the men who h te not been to col
lege.
-A i port of Mi. Laskowski. professor
at the university of Geneva, on women
medical students, is highly encourag
ing. During the past seventeen years
175 women have been admitted to the
faculty. Fifty were Poles, of whom only
four are known to have completed their
studies.
-Prof. Thomas Day Seymour, of Yale
college, who is a graduate of Western
Reserve of the class of 1870. and was
professor of Greek in his alma mater
for ten years, is to deliver the memorial
address upon ex=Psesident Cutler of
Western Reserve at the forthcoming
commencement.
---One of the Unitarian churches in,
Boston is lighted by a ceiling of sub
dued glass. When this was put in Mr.
Arthur Gilman is said to have remarked
that it was the first time he had ever
heard of trying to raise Christians under
glass, adding that he now knew what
was meant by "early Christians."
--It is stated that the Salvation Army
is consider ing the project of securing a
large body of land in Mexico, upon
which to settle some of the denizens of
the slums of New York and other cities
who are willing to reform, and thus
carry out in this country the plan of
Gen. Booth in London.-Christian
Statesman.
-The prevailing religion of Siam and
Laos is Buddhism. The Presbyterians,
north, have in the Laos country 10 or
dained, 5 medical. 6 lady missionaries.
and I ordained native, 8 churches and
1,600 communicants: and in the Sian
mission 7 ordained. 2 medical. 4 lady
missionaries, and I native evangelist,
churches and 330 communicants.
-Among the results of Christianity
in Japan there is none more striking is
its influence than the orphan asylum at
Okayama. There is a romance in it.
Its founder was .luji Ishii. now thirty
years of age. an ex-policeman, and now
a practicing physician. The asylum
iwas started with a little girl who was
rescued from being buried alive in her
dead mother's coffin.
-A bill has been introduced intocon
- gress by Gen. Black. of Illinois. based
on suggestions form (en. Lew Vallace
and Librarian Spofford. providing fora
college of twenty-five persons "distin
guished in literature, science, art and
invention." modeled somewhat after
the Institute of France, called "the
Forty Immortals." A committee of the
senate and house will name the first
five members of the college. and these
five are to elect twenty other persons.
The body will be a continuous one, and
is to be provided with a meeting room
in the new congressional library build
ing. with proper service, and have the
use of all the publications of the li
brary. The college is to make report:i
from time to time to congress upon
language and literature. Great Brit
ain. Germany and other countries have
similar national bodies.
WELSH BIBLES.
1 Editions Through Which the Rook West
After Its First Translation.
The date of the first Welsh Bible is
specially interesting. It was published
in the year of the defeat of the Spanish
Armada. in 1588, and serves to re
mxind us what poor provision the
English government made for the edifi
cation of the Welsh in the reformed
doctrines. Without possessing a
Bible in the vernacular. it was impossi
ble for the Welsh clergy or laity to fol
low the reformed service. though this
defect was partially remedied a few
years earlier by the translation into
Welsh of the English prayer book, for
it must be remembered that at that
time none of the people of the northern
Welsh dioceses, and very few indeed in
the south, spoke or understood a word
of English.
This edition is so scarce that there is
only one copy, and that imperfect, in the
National library. How little it was
used may be gathered from the fact
that it was not till 1620, thirty-two years
afterward, that a revised edition was
published. After this time other edi
tions appear at intervals of from ten to
twenty years down to the year 1807,
and at somewhat shorter intervals
down to 1878. which is the date of the
last calendar \Velsh Bible in the cata
logue of the British museum.-Quar
terly Review.
Something in a Name.
A gentleman registered at a Sutter
street boarding-house one day recently
under the name of Emory Vere de Vere.
lie had not been there three hours be
fore a trusted porter had tested the
weight of his luggage, and the land
lady had demanded his rentin advance.
The astonished and indignant man de
manded the reason for this distrust,
and the landlady frankly told him that
his name was too high-sounding to in
spire trust.
"Good heavens, madame!'" !. said.
"it is the name I use in my correspond
ence. My true name is Perkins. See
my letters?"
.\nd then the landlady imiled ana
s" 1: "My dear sir as a Perkins you are
welcome to this house and trusted; but
anything that smacks of the British
tourist short on his remittances can not
get'an attic-room here. "-San Fracisco
News Letter.
monag the 'reaku.
"J don't see why the manager always
comes to see me when he is drunk,"
growled the Circassian beauty.
"'He probably thinks you area snake
charmer," suggested the ossified man,
who had been slighted by the beauty.-
Detroit Free Press.
A Big Ship.
WVife-Thomas, how maqgy people
came over in the Mayiflower?
Husband - Neventy-three thousand,
nine hundred and eighty-six, about;
there are several family trees to lAp
froe vt,-.Clevaland Pklh Peealer.
HISTORY IN WIGS.
.eetrd of False Loelks ept by lr ar Desl
ers-Ceotagloas is Hiar.
"Dealing in human hair is a peculiar
business," said the proprietor of a wig
making establishment recently. "Peo
pie do not understand the ins and out_
of a business that must on its face seem
so simple.
"The mere matter of obtaining hair
with which to make wigs, switches and
other hair-work to adorn heads poorly
favored by nature seems easy. But it
is not so. We have to exercise the great
est, care in buying hair, it being abso
lutely necessary to know from what
source it has been obtained. A great
deal of hair comes from the ash barrels
and garbage piles. You can see that
material of this kind would not be at
all desirable, yet people often wonder
'why one wig costs four times as much
as another when in appearance both
are the same.
"The source from wMhtiR IieLhr-ie
obtained has a great deal to do in
determining the price of the goods. If
hair has been cut from a fever patient
the price asked is considerably lower
than if it had been cut from the head
of a healthy person. Hair, perhaps,
retains disease germs longer than any
thing else. That this is appreciated is
shown by the fact that even after hair
found in uncertain places has been put
through the severe cleansing process to
which all the material used is sub
jected, still it does not command the
same price as the healthy article. One
would think that this process would
kill all disease germs, but it does not
seem to increase the value of such hair.
"When hair it; collected it is thrown
into vats of boiling water, where it is
left to boil for a considerable time.
After that it is put through a chemical
preparation and then after being
combed out and sorted in sizes it is
laid away for a year. We never use
any hair that has not been treated at
least a year. Each box is marked with
the date on which the hair was treated,
the place from which it came, etc., so
that we have a full history of every bit
of hair in stock.
"WVe meet some peculiar people in
our business. You would soon be con
vinced that women can not claim ex
clusive title to vanity. We find men
who are hairless more difficult toplease
than women. They insist upon having
this bald spot covered just so, and their
way invariably happens to be the only
way in which it can not be fixed."
Pittsburgh Dispatch.
Atearlcan Raltroad P'uzle..
it is impossible to get a clear and ac
curate idea of the financial administra
tion of American railroad lines. Many
of the great companies present the ap
pearance of a real chaos, of a labyrinth
in which it is almost impossible to find
one's way. This i; due to various
causes. not to refer to the desire which
the managers of a company may have
to keep out the light. Many compa
nies do not confine themselves to trans
portation: they porssss mines, they
make a commission in merchandise,
they construct and operate elevators,
they operate canals, they are proprie
tors or lessees of distant lines; more
over, a portion of the freight has been
.)nceded to special companies, who pay
toll, who lend rolling stock to the com
pany, and this company is a stockholder
in these subdia#r enterprises. Add to
this that the stations are the common
prop rty of several railway companies,
or belong to a particular company. Un
der these conditions it is easy to see
how complicated the accounts must be.
The cc'segeuence is that the capital in
vested changes incessantly, and that it
includes a. thoud;and diverse things.
Most of the companies declare them.
selves unable to state even approxi
mately the sum of their real expenses
-Economniste Francais.
Or a Cornish Dialect.
' My little niece here." said the young
woman with the spectacles, "wishes
me to inquire if there is a new version
of 'Jlack and the B1eanstalk.' "
"I dare oay there is," answered the
facetious youth behind the book coun
ter, affably. "In what language, now,
would the little miss like to have the
beans talk?"
"In the language of the Poles, I pre
sume," rejoined the young woman,
transfixing him with a cold stare.
Chicago Tribune.
One Borrower Failed.
"How many things did the wvoman
next door borrow to-day?" asked Mr.
Fligg.
"Only the telephone," answered Mrs.
Figg. "'It was the first time she had
ever used one, and I don't think I ever
saw a woman more disappointed."
"Couldn't she use it?"
"Oh, yes: she learned how to use it
quickly enough, but what broke her
heart was that it was fast to the wall.
She had thought she could take it home
with her to keep till we called for it."
-Indianapolis Journal.
--A candidate for obficee was so sorely
beset by undesirable visitors that after
much patient suffering he gave orders
to the servants to deny admittance to
all callers save his yersonal friends.
How well the order wa~s carried out he
soon had evidence. The bell rang, and
the maid, upon opening the front door,
was confronted by a body of "dele
tes" from a "willing" constituency,
when the candidate overhead the fol
lowing colloquy: "Is Mr. C-at home?'"
said the leader 'He is not," returned
the maid. "'When will he be in?"'
"'Are Se personal fritendsof his?" "Well
-no," said the leader, "but--" "Then
he's never comin' back." And the door
was closed with a bang.-Haryer's
Drawer.
-One god helps the Celestial to braid
his pig-tail; another protects it from
the grasp of an enemy. He has gods of
Lhe eyes, of the eye-lids, of the lhair, of
the lips, teeth, chin, ears, tongue,
throat. stomach, arms, legs, knees, feet
toes and nails.
-"Do you think yon can safely trust
Sbusiness sec~.r to lanks?" "I should
msay so. I lent him five dollars near a
rear ago, and he has never breathed _
. lr4 about it s ince.".-', .1-T .ts,
WANTED TO TALK.
The Little Toddler Who Had No Idea at
ellm Quiet.
An argument arose in a lounging
place not many evenings since as to
whether men-bachelors particularly
are really competent to take care of
children.
After a painful pause a commercial
agent who has the reputation of being
more than willing that his wife should
take entire care of his family spoke up.
"Men can't raise babies. They spoil
'em either by thrashin' "em or giving
'em candy." Then he told how he was
coming back from a western trip last
month and went forward to the smoker.
He found opposite him a tall. clerical
looking gentlemen with a long-handled
brier pipe, and around him through the
heavy, smoke-laden air of the car gam
boled the minister's little niece, a girl
of very tender years.
"Well," continued the story teller,
"fto smoke; and read,
and c a totalo tal. Finally,
to quiet her, he drew forth a paper bag
of grapes and with the injunction that
she must not swallow the seeds, 'for
they caused inflammation and indiges
tion,' he settled himself to his pipe and
his paper.
"Uncle, won't you eat some grapes?"
He took two, carefully separating the
seeds from the pulp, and went on read
ing. -
"Uncle, please swallow three of 'cm
whole. seed 'n skins 'n all." And she
actually kept at him," continued the
drummer, "without a let up until he
got desperate and gulped down three
whole grapes."
Here he paused to remark that a
woman would probably have managed
to turn the child's attention to the chu
chu cars or the telegraph poles and kept
it off the grapes. By way of adorning
the tale the traveler went on to say
that the last he heard before he left the
smoking-car was a colloquy between
the two, which ran like this:
" 'Uncle. who's those folks going over
the bridge, n' where they goin'?'
" 'Some of them to business. I sup
pose.'
S' 'N where some more of 'em goin'?'
"Oh. I don't know. Perhaps to their
homes.'
S"N where are the rest goin'?'
" 'I don't know-I don't know-I don't
know!' A pause.
" 'Say, uncle, don't you s'pose some
of 'em are goin' to sin'in' school?' "
Chicago Times.
NEAR-SIGHTED POTATOES.
Spectacles. Shipped With Car-Loads of
Iows Potatoes, Sold as a Side Line.
There are a number of potato-ped
dlers going about from house to house
in Kansas City selling their wares from
wagons. They generally go in pairar
one driving the horse, the other the
bargains. From all parts of the town
stories have been converging to the
Star about a 'side-line," to use the
drummers' vernacular. which these
gentlemen carry and with which they
try to delude unsophisticated women.
From all reports there are none such in
Kansas City, for none so far have been
deluded.
The peddler goes to the back-door
with a handful of large, open-eyed.
clean-skinned potatoes, which he offers
for sale. If no sale is made he turns to
go, and then returning as if he had just
remembered something, he pulls a pair
of gold-rimmed spectacles from his pock
et, offering them to the house-wife
with the remark: "Here is a pair of
fine gold spectacles which I found in a
carload of Iowa potatoes. If you want
them you can have them for two dollars
(or one dollar or fifty cents and down). I
know they are gold, for I took them to
a jeweler to be tested."
An east side lady had two visits from
the spectacle gentlemen. At the sec
ond visit, after he had produced the
spectacles, the following dialogue took
place: "Oh, yes," said the lady, "'you
got them out of a car of potatoes."
"Why, yes," replied the potato spec
tacle man. "How did you know?"
"And they were Iowva potatoes, were
they not?" asked the lady.
"To be sure," said the peddler.
"Then," said the lady, "the potatoes
in Iowa must all be near-sighted or
they grow greatly variegated crops in
that state, for from the number of
pairs of spectacles that I have heard of
coming out of cars of Iowa potatoes
they must be very common up there."
But by this time the peddler had van
ished around the corner of the house.
Kansas City Star.
Germany's Youthful Criminals.
A German paper states that in conse
quence of the considerable increase in
the number of youthful criminals in
Germany between*12 and 18 years of
age the imperial ministry of the in
terior at Berlin is contemplating the
reorganization of the compulsory edu
cation system. The government has
in view the imitation of English insti
tutions. All the German laws our Ber
lin correspondent points out have the
great fault that the interference of the
authorities is permitted only when a
child has committed some crime, but
they give no handle against morally
debased children who are still free
from crime- The number of youthft 1
eriininals has risen from 42,280 to 46,
468-that is, 10 per cent. in one year.
London News.
-The intimacy existing between Sen
ators Frye and Gorman is productive of
certain material advantages apart from
those resulting from friendship. Mr.
Frye, for example, is a prohibitionist,
so that when any admirer sends him a
bottle of whisky or a case of wine he
turns it over to the Maryland senator.
Mr. Gorman, on the other hand. does
not smoke, so that when he receives a
gift of cigars he sends them to Mr.
Frye. Both senators attend the same
Presbyterlan church and occupy ad
joining pews.
-Gertrude Mitchell, of Liverpool,
eighteen.yeara of age, has achieved
the frst place in all Enagland and Wales
La the examinations of the queen's
scholarship. Her triumph was gainy.
p-vr 4.7.) qompetitor
WHERE THE BEER KEGS60.
One at the Important Items t .st
Brewery luatasr.
Quite a story can be told in conne
tion with a beer'keg. Apparently itf is
only a very substantial and long-lived
article. It takes a long while for one
to wear out. It has a tough conastit
tion, and is protected from inten s
cay by a coat of very pure and
pitch. The pit- useed on the m
keg is much supt la to that former
used. It is clear, tasteless and- tough.'
An empty beer keg rwill astan a great
many knocks before the pitch scales
off. D The kegs wear oat wif they do
wear, externally 1 + wet -and
dry alternately, and t de-.
cay. Then they get t- "
of unnecessy banging tiveen
the time they leave the brewery ai 
are brought back. again._ veryb .,a
from the.driver ands ý
boat hands down
kegs is frequently thrown from" i'
down to the ground. A single empty`
keg is often thrown fifteen feet.
Yet it is rare for a keg to become
broken or lose a hoop under such cir
cumstances. Of course, such rough
usage tells in time. It really isn't nee
essary to make the kegs so heavy, so
far as the keeping of the beer is con
cerned. They began by being made
heavy in the old days. The brewers
then deemed it absolutely requisite to
make them that way in order to with
stand the pressure of the beer.
The very fact that they were
made heavy and clumsy subjected
them to rough handling. Now they
have to be made heavy, and extra ma
terial has to be put into the heads and
staves, simply because of this handling
and not from any danger on account of
the internal pressure of the beer.
But the other features that make up
a romance of the beer-keg can best be
told in the language of a brewer in a
recent interview. He said :
"It is not the breakage or decay of
the kegs that bothers the brewers. It
is the frequent and entirely unneces
ary loss of the kegs. You would be
surprised to hear the number of kegs
and half-barrels a big brewery will lose
in a year. It runs into thousands at
times. No ordinary precautions can
check the loss. Charging for the kegs
and giving a rebate for the return
would accomplish something in that
direction, but there is too much lively
competition in the business for any
one to dare such an experiment.
I don't think there are many
brewers in this country who
would stoop low enough to erase
brands and use another brewer's kegs
A quarter-barrel is worth about two
dollars and fifty cents, and it doesn't
look to me that it would pay a man to
steal such a petty thing as that. What
becomes of the beer kegs then? Just
try and think and tell me if you have
ever been at a boating or yachting re
sort in this country where you did not
see one or two or perhaps a score of
beer kegs bobbing on the waves as
buoys to mark a course, or as moorings
for boats. That means thousands of
beer kegs, only a few of which have
been bought from the brewers. They
bob upon the waves for a year or two
and then become water-logged and
sink, to be replaced by fresh
kegs. If a man wants empty oil
barrels for a float or buoy he
buys them for about one dollar apiece.
If he wants a beer keg or two he bor
rows them from a friendly saloon
keeper, who, perhaps, says: 'Look
around the yard, and if you see any
that suits you. why just take them.
Don't let me see you do it.'
''That there were other uses for beer
kegs than holding lager I realized
when I was up in New York state.
They were tapping maple trees on a
mountain near where I was stopping,
and I went out to see them do it. The
hotel-keeper was filling beer kegs with
the sap and carting it down to his
place, where it was being converted in
to maple syrup in a big, open farmer's
boiler. He had half a dozen beer halves
and several quarters in use. They
came in pretty handy, he remarked.
He had been saving them since last
summer for this purpose. They be
longed to two brewers in Paterson, one
in New York and one in New
ark. The New York kegs were taken
into the woods by a Sunday picnic
crowd, and the hotel-keeper was asked
to ship the empties home next day.
He didn't do it. and it is not at all like
ly that he will see those kegs again.
I've got a suspicion that the Italians
are to blame for the disappearance of
many of our kegs: They have a trick
of making a cheap strong beer at home,
and I believe they use beer kegs-for the
purpose. Then occasionally, in the
summer, we sometimes hear of larger
beer kegs being used for making home
brews with root beer extracts. This is
an illegitimate use of the kegs, and.
I'm puzzled to understand how any
body that would make or drink root
beer could ever get hold of a beer keg,
except by swviping it from a saloon al
ley at night.' -St. Louis Globe-Demo
crat.
As Life Unfolds.
There is more or less of disappoint
ment in every life. We may safely say
that everyone feels that he has not ac
complished as much as he hojied to do.
On the other hand, we have aund that _
there was more in life th·in we bi .
dreamed of in our youth. The*Ia.:
more possible to each one.
more of joy to everyone living algL
there is more of satisfaction in -the
sense of completeness and the .coa
sciousnes cf growing power thanm'ca
be known in earthly life.--United Pri
byterian.
-If thou wouldst make the best ad- :
vantage of the muses, either by s3 .
ing to beneft thyself or by writing *.
benefit others, keep a peacetl seal l
Stemperate body. The muses qtaw
in a cook's shop and a lawyer'sstvA'. j
Quarles. '__
-"Stophonisba," the famos u
was twice a widow. She hn '
'ervgreat age, sad lost her
Rever Btfea4f ooversn _
..., 