TH.E AFAYTTE TGAZETTE.
VOLUME I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 11, 1893. NUMBER 36.
•~~~~~~~~~~~~~11 "'"'-'; '1 11 " 1 ram|11 11 1| m|mIi | i || 1'*i emmm mmm1
FTER all I am
going to marry
Lucille. It is
more than a
year since poor
Robethon died;
and--perhaps -
am a donkey to
do it, at my
Hine of life; but she is unquestionably
a charming woman. She made him
happy, and-I am afraid I am a fool. I
feel, however, as though I owed it al
most to' his memory, and something to
her, too. Yes, there is no doubt, I owe
her something in that line-and yet,
good heavens! I am not doing it on
that account. I love her desperatel~.
down to the ground.
"Dick," she said to me yesterday,
looking straight at me with her won
derful blue eyes-"Dick, why do you
ask me-now?"
"Better late than never," I answered.
Sihe began: "Five, six years ago
you-" and stopped
"I know. I was a fool, Lucille. I
never pnee thought of it, though. You
see, the idea was foreign to me. I
never intended to marry."
"And now?"
"With your kind assistance, I do in
tend to."
"Why?"
Her question almost Yowled me over.
I gazed at the carpet, wondering how I
could best put it to her. Presently I
looked up, and as our eyes met I
blurted outs "Because I love you, of
course."
I did not mean to say that just then;
the truth is, that the idea of "repara
tion" had got sole possession of my
brain, and how to express it gray
eled me.
Lucille laughed lightly. "That, Dick,
is a second thought, and not a bad
one for a man who is offering himself
as a husband. Sill, I want your first."
"I was thinking that, love apart, you
have a moral claim upon me."
A great wave of color rose and fell,
leaving, her beautiful face pale as
marble. "A claim-really? A moral
claim? Why moral? Why not ma
terial? When I turn huckster, Dick, I
will traffic only for gold."
I saw what she meant. Love's gifts,
being no impoverishment of love, en
tail no indebtedness upon the recipient.
Love is paid for its gift in the giving.
This, I thought, was a counsel of per
fection and better suited to angels and
and angelic loves than to men and
women in an earthly, highly conven
tional and Blritish society.
"And that in why you wish to marry
. me?" she added.
I felt that I was on thin ice. "No,
darling, it is not. I love you. There's
no harnm in that, I hope?"
"No, not a bit. It is a very good rea
son. Genuine, Dick?"
"Quite, on my"honor."
"The honor of an English general-
more, of an English gentleman-more
still, of a well-tried friend-that is good
enough for me. Here's my hand on it,
Dick."
That was only ycsterday; it seems
twenty years ago. Poor Robethon-he
knew little. 1 do not think I was to
blame. I acted loyally enough by him.
It was like this, you see. Robethon
and I were pretty close friends. I
spent much of my time at my clubs,
and at one or other of them I was al
ways coming across lobethon. The
taste for chess was mutual, and was
the ground of our first acquaintance.
We were about the same age, heading
fast for fifty; he was short and stout,
I was long and lean. I had been all
over the world, while he had never been
outside of England; sometimes I fan
cied he had never been outside of Lon
don. If he had he was careful to con
ccal the fact. We were both bachelors:
his chambers were close to St. .lames'
street, mine to Piccadilly; we never vis
ited each other, though. Ile was part
ner in a well-known firm of bankers,
but had not entered their place of busi
ness for twenty years. lie had read a
world beyond nme and was a gentle,
sympathetic, clean-souled gentleman.
I wish I could say as much truthfully
of myself; no false modesty should keep
me from writing itdown. Still Robethon
cared for me and I am deuced sure I
cared for him. lis reticence was charac
teristic of the man; it was like a suit of
steel armor covering him from head to
foot. Sometimes 1 think it was, funda
mentally, shyness-not of the ordinary
kind, of which there was not a trace
about him, but deep, spiritual shyness.
On the other hand, it might have been
due to an austere selectness of spirit,
a sensitive, delicate pride of souL The
clubmen held him in great esteem, in a
manner were proud of him, considered
him an authority on disputed points of
honor and the like and accepted his
judgment with docility and reverence.
One day I met a lady on Pall Mall,
tall, fair. straight as a dart, and with
a face that fell on me like a vision. I
turned and watched her, and while so
doing she suddenly halted, turned
round and came toward me. I stood
still In passing she gave me a momen
tary glane. Ha, she was very lovely!
A month or six weeks later there
was a reception at a certain foreign
embassy and I happenet to be present.
It was not my kind of thing at all, but
J.I chanced to be an old acquaintance of
the ambassador in question. There
was a big crowd and dancing was in
full swing. Passing by the ballroom,
I stood for a moment to watch the
dancers. The first thing I saw was the
lady of Pall Mall, gloriously arrayed,
waltzing with a German.
"Who is she?"' I asked of a man I
knew.
"Wletch one? Oh, that divine asym
phony of color there, ch? That is Mrs.
'renchard."
"And who 1. Mrs. Trenehard?"
Ue shbok i lhb$. "5Bhea wiQdyI
that's all I know; She is in the -swim;
wonder you haven't met her before. I
have, half a dozen times; but I live up
to my principles, of which the first is:
Thou bhalt not do-anything in this
widow-line."
I left him grinning. I could have
kicked him without any remorse. From
another man I gleaned that Trenchard
had been in the Indian political service
and had died suddenly. In certain lines
men are dolts and women creatures of
genius. A woman there, a dear old
dowager, told me in five minutes all I
wanted to know. Her people were all
dead, she was a lady by birth and
breeding, she had none too much
money, she was very popular and very
correct, and-would I like an introduc
tion? Five minutes later I made my
first bow to the divine symphony. She
was gloriously generous, gave herself
to me for ten whole minutes, and when
I withdrew she murmured, with a gra
ciousness that seemed regal: "Perhaps
we shall meet again."
We did meet again, and again. Our
acquaintan'ee ripened into friendship
and finally into very close intimacy. I
saw her at least once every week.
This went on for three or four years.
'Between me and Robethon she was a
forbidden subject. I knew it would
only pain him. For the same reason I
never once mentioned Robethoun's name
to her.
It was December. Robethon and I.
as usual, were lunching at the same ta
ble. All at once he said: "I am mar*
ried."
" 'Married! God forbid!" -
"I have been married a month."
"In that case it would be brutal not
to wish you joy."
"Thank you. I think I have found a
pearl of great price. I am living now
in Grosvenor Gardens. We are having
a few friends in to-night-a very few.
You will come. won't you? I want you
to know my wife."
"With all the pleasure in the world.
But it is like a dream."
He laughed like a man on the right
side of the hedge as le said: "'Yes, it is
like a dream-a beautiful dream. Come
as early as you can."
I think I felt a trifle hurt that such a
revolution in his domestic economy
should have occurred without his in
forming me of it, but I was none the
less curious to see the woman whe
made so n6table a capture. In these
days it is the men and not the women
who are captured. I.was very punctual;
the. rest of the folk were, of ';ourse,
late. Robethon met me in the coat
room. "Bagot," he said, "this is very
good of you. I've been thinking I ought
to have tAd you sooner; but-''ll tell
you how it happened, and all about it.,
at the club."
"Meanwhile, liobethon, one wrd.
Are you happy?"
"As a king."
"No secret regrets, ch?"
"Not the ghost of one. She is per
feet. Come, you must see her."
Arm in arm we entered the drawing
room. She was alone. I saw a visiot
AIM IN ARMS WE ENTERED TEE DlAW'
ING-ROOM.
of amber-colored silk and Muttering
lace and heard him say: "Iucille, this
is my dear friend, Gen. liagot."
Then, for the first time, I saw her
face. It was my own fair lady of Pall
Mall! What she felt I do not know.
"Good God!" broke involuntarily from
my lips, and I had just sense enough to
turn to Robethon and tell him. in an
aside, that a sudden and awful twinge
of gout had seized me. Women, being
born intriguers, are nimble witted by
nature and acquirement. When our
eyes met a second time the lady was
perfectly self-possessed and, instinct
with sympathy over my dreadful gout.
The attack was soon over.
The dinner, I believe, was good and
the company smart and lively people.
My anecdotes went off like champagne
corks, and I fancy I created myself a
reputation for brilliancy, which,. happi
ly, I do not feel it my duty to
live up to. For myself, I do not
know what I said, did, ate, drank
or thought I was in a maze. Later
in the evening 1 saw her alone for
five minutes.
"By all that's wonderful, Lucille,
what does it mean?" I asked.
"Just what you see. I amn Mrs.
RIobethon," she answered, fluttering
her fan.
'"But-he is my friend. Not for worlds
would I--"
"No, it would be awkward."
"Awkward! Listen, Lucille. The cur
taiu being down there are some plays
may never be revived."
She looked steadily at me for some
moments. Then she said: "That is
true. If I had thought only of myself,
' k, it would have )been I, and not
you, who would have'been the first to
say: 'There are some plays may never
be revived.'"
".Forgire me! 1 know it. But--'"
"Not another word. Ve are alike in
our thought of him. Ve will be loyal
to him to the end. Still, we are friends,
Dick, all the same."
And now my turn has come. ]Poor
Robethon has gone, and, after all, I am
going to marry Lucill. Vhat an odd
world it is! -Chicago Post.
-We call a black man "oolored." and
Jn literature also there are many things
which are 'said to be highly "eolore"
wenr the aY e aImil "t494"
FARMER AND PLANTER
SHEEP IN THE SOUTH.
Muchl Interest Awakened in the Subject:
The Breeds.
The following letter is so opportune
and pertinent to the ease, and so terse
and perspicuous withal, that I can not
refrain from offering it for publication
entire, only withholding the name and
post office of its author, because I do
not feel warranted in giving them.
THE LErTER.
Permit a native of middle Virginia. a stran
ger to you, one who was. in ante-helium days.
educated at Bethany college. now in wVest Vir
ginia, and thereafter for several yearn farmed
in Brooke county, in the "Panhandle." mostly
engaged in raising Merino sheep, to thank you
most sincerely for the kindly spirit in which
you have written of our dear south land in your
various communications which have been pub
lished in Home and Farm Your afore
said letters on "Sheep in the South'
have been to me exceedingly Interert
ing, and have been read with a good
deal of pleasure, affording much valuable in
formation on a subject of most vital importance
to the south generally. Should your advice be
heeded and followed up, sheep growing in the
near future will prove a mine of wealth to many
a hard-working farmer in Dixie living upon
comparatively unprodcttive lands. Your let
ters are abundant in facts, rich in thousht.
clear in logic, unanswerable in argument, and
are doubtless-regarded with almost universal
approbation by a majority of the southern
readers of Home and Farm.
In this section. Lousa, Va.. latids are very
cheap and generally held in large bodies. and
are well adapted to sheep-husbandry. Foarms
can be purchbased in many places at very near
the cost of the buildings upon them. Our win
ters are usually mild. and sheep are often win
tered with hardly any dry feed. A near neigh
bor of mine has a small flock of thfrty-tlve or
forty, which are grazed spring. summer and
fall upon the commons. In winter they are
keptin a fenced field near his residence.without
any shelter and with little dry feed of any kind
given them. For several years past they have
paid him from $3.75 to 4.25 -for their wool and
lambs. They are the common native, long-wool
stock. This is my second year on this farm
since my return to theO!ld Dominion to live and
to die. Herds-grass seems almost to be indig
enous here. I am seeding down is fast as
possible in this grass for sheep husbandry
that is. to grow wool and lambs. I have now
ninety head. and I intend, next year. to send to
West Virginia for French Merino rams.
Actual results of sheep keeping in
the south have been solicited several
times by northern correspondents:
hence the item in relation to it by this
able writer is timely and perti
nent. An annual average income
of four dollars a head for a series
of years is an excellent showing for
common or native stock, suggesting
and warranting that a much greater
return could be had from some of the
itmproved breeds. As this flock had
gratuitous pasturage most of the year,
and were fed very little dry feed in
winter, the income they produced was
very nearly all profit. This confirms
what I have been saying- all the time
ablout sheep in the soutll. Wihen the
improved breeds shall be employed and
lambs grown in winter that income
will be doubled easily. Two of lly
farmer neighbors in New York, w\-ho
raised lambs in the old way by having
them drop in the spring and taking
no extra care of them, made an aver
age income, one of them of 680.i8
and the other 86.74: but these wiere on
high-priced land, and probhaly their
net profit per head was not so munch as
that of the Vilrginian. This emphasizes
tile advice often given: "Go south,
young sheep man."
Our correspondent will do well to
breed up with French Merino ramns
(Rambonillets). They are large and
"full of wool, mutton and quality."
They are now taking the lead on the
western plains tsan "all-round' sheep.
As pertinent to the protit of sheep
growing in a certain secti'on of the
south. I ain r.!eased to add the follow
ing clipping fromn some paper which I
can not now identify to give deserved
credit:
"The highlands of the southern Ii]ue
Ridge, which occupy the corner of the
four states-North Carolina. South Car
olina. Tennessee and Georgia-are a
typical sheep country. having a mild
climate, both as to heat'and cold, the
purest water flowing in the greatest
abundance, dry soil, absolute freedom
from swamps, abnnidant feed, both of
grass and wood. range and at some
seasons a great supply of mast from
the trees. There is rarely any snow
to prevent feeding from the ground in
the winter, the soil and climate are
excellently well adapted to the growth
of all the grasses and grains, and from
some years' experience it has proved to
BI. Stewart. who wrote the foregoing
from North Carolina in a letter to the
Country Gentleman, that aI sheep may
be reared to full growth for seventy
five cents, and wool may be grown for
ten cents a pound. with equal profit to
that in the north at three times this
price.
Land is rnemnarkably cheap, taxes are
very light. anti while the greater part
of the region is not supplied with easy
transportation by rail, yet wool mnay
be grown with at least equal facility
to that afforded on the western plainlls.
The sheep now kept here are of the
common native kind that have been
crossed to some extent with the South
down, and thle crosses make good
sheep. Recently the Cheviot and the
Shropshire have been brought into the
country and do remarkably well.
From Mfr. Stewart's experience of
some years the Shropshire is thile best
purebreed for improving the native
flocks."-Dr. Galen \Vilson, in Home
and Farm.
MIaking a Farm Profitable.
I have not found anything so proflta
Ile and safe on a stony farm near the
city as first-class butter cows and the
production of cream for sale daily. By
judicious management as much can be
realized from the cream of high-grade
Jerseys or Guernseys as the whole milk
will bring, with the additional advan
tage of the skim-milk for use upon the
farm in producing real, pork and the
raising of the calves from choice cows.
If the owner can secure a market for
his cream with some city hotel or other
hotse at a fair price, he may safely esti
mate that his cows will make a yearly
return of at least 675 for cream alone,
thie profits from the skim-milk being
addiional. The market for his creatm
will frequently develop still further
itnQ a proftable place lor shipping,
eggs, poultry, roasting -pigs, pig pork,
hams, sausages, etc. None of these
things will take materially from the
farm's fertility.
To what extreme the owner should
go in buying food for live stock must
be governed by circumstances and good
sense. It would hardly be practicable
to buy everything except the grass con
sumed in summer. Such a farm should
produce all the rough stover food
throughofit the year for a herd of
from fifteen to thirty cows. as well as
raising a quantity of corn for grinding
on the cob, or putting in the silo cut
into short bits with the foldder. One
hundred bushels per acre would not be
a large estimate. Although a few tons
of high-grade fertilizer would doubt
less be required in the beginning, the
extensive purchase of nitrogenous foods
would render the continuation of this
expense unnecessary after a few years.
The character of the' fertilizer bought
would depend on the requirements of
the soil, and just what to purchase
could be determined only by actual ex
periment. Sheep can be made to pay,
though in a less degree, and more skill
ful management will be required.
American Cultivator.
The Sontheran Rice Crop.
More than one-half of the rice crop
in Georgia and South Carolina was de
stroyed by the great cyclone. The rice
planters there had begun the harvest
ing of the season's crop when the rude
winds and waves swept over the fields
in which the slender stalks of the
plants were standing and ruined their
ripened heads. The lost must be
heavy for the southern regions of both
the states.
Yet the American rice crop of the
year will be heavy. The Louisinpa
crop is safe. The gathering of it be
gan a month ago. The plant ripens
earlier in the L.ouisiana low-lands
titan in (;eorgia or South Caro
lina. BIy the reports from New
Orleans we are assured that the year's
yield in Louisiana will not fall short of
l,500,O0a barrels, and that the quality
is of the best. WVithin the past twenty
years that state has become the lead
ing rice state of the south, and the cul
ture of the plant is now one of its chief
industries and one of its most profit
able. At an average price of 6 at abar
rel this season's yield is worth about
$6,000,000. The rice experts predict
that the annual yield will be doubled
within a very few years, and the pre
diction is founded upon the regular in
crease in the size of the crop since 1880.
Though only a part of the state is
adapted to raising rice, that part is
large enough to produce far more than
twice the product of this season.-N.
Y. Sun.
HERE AND THERE.
--A well-kniown horticulturist says
that ly cutting out the black knot he
keeps his plum trees tree from it. cx
cepting where his field adjoins neigh
bors who (do not cut it out.
-It is better to lessen the herd one
half or two-thirds in number, or re
duce it to a single animal, rather than
fill it with eows that, however fed,
will little more than pay their keep.
-Too much care and judgment can
not be exercised in choosing salt for
dairy purposes, as upon this depends
to a large extent, the saleable appear
ance and keeping quality of the pro
ducts.
--\An exchange says that if a cow
gets cholked with an apple or potato,
holding up its head and breaking an
eggin its mouth is a sure cure. The
same remedy is recommended for horses
under similar circumstances.
-In no way will late chickens do so
well as by scattering the coops around
in the orchard. or. if you have no
orchard, scatte r them around over the
place among the weeds if you can do
no better.
-Are the cultivators, harrows, roll
ers. plows and farm machinery under
shelter, or are they scottered over the
farm? Implements exposed toalternete
sun a nd rain will not last half as long
as if taken care of.
-A farmer who tried the experiment
of rubbing the hide of an animal with
a raw onion reports that the result was
to rid the animal of lice, and it is be
lieved that onions will serve to rid ani
mals of all such pests as laice, ticks,
fleas, etc., the difficultybheingthe labor
of application of the remedy.
--uinch can be learned by o-ilcrving
nature. A horse will never stand facing
a wind iit a pasture. but will always
turn his back. A horse heated bydriv
ing can lie foundered in a few minutes
by stanu(ing facing the wind or in a
draught.
--A bare fallow is a thing that wedo
not hear much of nowadays. It is pret
ty well understood that the soil is bet
ter for having some kind of a covering
all the time. Consequently it is a good
plan to sow rye on the bare places, if
only to turn it under next spring.
-A soft bed is a luxury, even to an
animal, andti it also pays. llhen an
animal rests quietly and comfortably
it increases and thrives. In winter
the use of bedding liberally promnotes
warmth and lessens the amount of
food.
-If the calves do not get a good
start in life there will be a poor chance
of ever turning them into beef with
profit. See that they have everything
needed to promote a thrifty growth.
The idea that a stunted calf can be
brought out all right by future feed
ing is all wrong.
-A writer says that clover is a grass
that makes land richer and better for
having grown on it, and we never lose
anything by growing it for honey. It
may not sell as well as a hay crop, but
it enriches the soil so much that it pays
for itself in a year or two.
-If you want a crop from you
strawberry patch next season to as
tonisih your neighborhood, try the
method used by successful groners.
After the bearing season the tops are
mowed off a little above the crown or
heart of .plants. After they and the
straw (their winter protection) under
them are sufilciently dry they are
burned, leaving the plants to sprout
up aain ai d l row with nuw rigor.
CATCHING TARANTUL'AS.
Wow Negro Boy In the West Indies Lare
Them with House Lizards.
Coming dead with the gale the
schooner Norman ran ashore and broke
to pieces near the Delaware break
water. She was just from Jamaica
with a cargo of logwood, and the eea
was soon red of the dye with which
she was loaded. The trip up had been
a frightful one, and for five days the
crew had stood at the pump:t day and
nightf natil none of them carried a
shred of clothing with them when the
men of the life-saving station rescued
and took them into quarters. WVild
waves and furious winds had water
logged the Norman, .and she si~ply
drifted at the mercy of the ocean.while
the crew were begging for life. No
one was lost, and the humane savers of
lives on the shore did the best they
conen. t'i nut nn to the almostexhausted
sail'- , -n.thiung to cove; their naked
ness, and then food. How gratefully
it was all received!
A colored boy of ten years of age or
so, I should say, was the center of the
dilapidated group. He had about
enough clothes on to wad a shotgun,
as I saw him, but seemed to be the
cheeriest of all the crew. lie spoke
English fluently, and talked French to
one of the sufferers and Spanish to an
other with as much ease as he con
versed in English with me. Hiis man
ner was self-possessed, far beyond one
of his awe, and it so attracted attention
that I asked him about his life. It is a
romantic story, and one end of it
turns upon a subject that is of ex
ceeding interest to the people of
this country, who now and then see
one of the insects to be talked about,
and which are a part of the medical
history of the world. The colored boy
shall tell the story of the tarantula,
that venomous offspring of the sun
which sometimes finds its way to this
country in bunches of fruit brought up
from those lands which lie close under
the equator, where "all seasons are
summer." The lad talked well in tell
ing the story of his career in the West
Indies. Here is a piece of his chat:
"Catching the ground spider is fun,"
said he. "It is a jumper, and wuhen
you are trying to take it two eyes and
a quick leap are necessary to get away
from it. If it is a spider it is not only
a big one, but very quick and quite
cute. It will attack at any time, and
in going about the country you mlus
keep an eye on the tarantula holes in
the ground, or one may sting you any
moment, and then, as a rule, good-by.
I've hunted them many a day, for they
bring fifty cents apiece at the stores in
St. Thomas, and that is a good bit to a
boy who has to cast about mighty
sharp to make a dime in a warm coun
try where the negroes, who are poor,
are many and the white people few.
You see, mister, our chances in the
tropics are not like they are in this
country, where there is so much to do,
and so many ways to pick up pennies
now and then at almost anything.
Fifty cents for a tarantula, dead or
alive, seemed a heap of money to us
young darkies down there, and getting
bit was not thought of enough to
frighten us from the hunt after them.
"We have no other dangerous insects
or reptiles on that island except the
tarantula, but there are lots of them.
You must be mighty careful in going
about not to get stung, for very few
people live if they are bit. The best
and only thing to do if you are caught
is to use the poison of the spider and
sing or play music just as soon as pos
sible. The poison puts you to sleep al
most at once, and it is mighty hard to
get a person awake afterward.
There are about ten thousand
of my race on St. Thomas of the
thirteen thousand who are on
the island, and at least half of the
families keep a bottle of rum with
tarantulas in it in their houses. As
soon as they are struck if they can get
where it is quickly they may live. The
sore part is rubbed with it, and some
times they take it inwardly. But you
see, mister, the bite is apt to put them
to sleep before they can get at the
poison in the rum bottle like what is
in their body, and they are almost sure
to die."
"Why do they bring fifty cents
apiece?" said I.
"They are sent to England to be
used for medicine. That is what a
merchant in St. Thomas told me. lie
said that it was hard for him to get
enough, for lots of them were wanted
in England. I don't know how th cy
fix them up, but that is what the man
that I used to hunt them for told me."
"How do you catch them?"
"Well, mister, you see we have a tall
grass growing all over the island, and
when we go hunting we pick some of it
and take it along. When we get where
the tarantula holes are we just strip
the head off of a piece of this grass,
mnake a loop in the end and slip it over
the head of one of these harmless
house lizards, of which there are thou
sands. You find them everywhere,even
in the houses. They won't hurt any
body, and we pay no attention to them.
When one is caught just take him to
the hole, drop him in a little way and
the big spider comes up quickly after
him. Just pull him slowly away from
the hole and the tarantula comes along.
You have the house lizard in one hand
a- shingle in the other. You put your
foot over the hole and throw the shin
gle over the tarantula, if you can. Each
one is worth fifty cents, dead or alive,
if you dent break his body. You have
to strke him just right every time to
get the fifty cents. Then you put him
in a bottle with a big neck and go look
ing for another hole, and th~ere do just
as you did before."
'"Supposing that he strikes you?"
"Well, you must be mighty quick
when you hit him, and look sharp all
the time after he follows the lizard
out of the hole, for he has his eye on
you as well as on the lizard. If he gets
on to you then there is trouble, and
nothing can save you except that pois
oned rum I told you about and constant
playing on some kind of musical instrn
ment or singing some well-known song.
But everything has to be done with
great qlickneses There is no time to
wait. I've seen them die almost as
soon as they were biitcn."- a!'iladol
phia Ti.'m,
HOUSEHOLD BREVITIES.
-Stewed Lobster.-Cut up the meat
of a large lobster, add a little pepper,
salt, vinegar, and a quarter of a pound
of butter. Put into a stew-pan; dredge
the mixture v# flour, heat thoroughly
together, and se~ve.-Harper's Bazar.
-Pot Pie.-Stew one chicken until
tender and make a gravy with it as for
friekasee. Take some fresh baking
powder biscuits, break them open and
spread on a platter, crust side down,
and when ready to serve pour over the
chicken and gravy. -Detroit Free Press.
-French 1Mustard.-This is a condi
ment that is easily and quickly made
at home: when properly prepared the
quality cannot be surpassed. Beat two
eggs, add one teacupful of thick, sweet
cream, one teaspoonful each of butter
and sugar, one teaspoonful salt and
one-half cupful of mustard; set the
dish containing the ingredients in I
vessel of boiling water; stir constantly
till thick, then add slowly one cupful
of sharp vinegar.-Rural New Yorker.
-Delicious Gooseberry Pudding.
Stew the fruit gently till it will pulp,
and then beat it up. To every pint of
pulp add a quarter of a pound of sugar,
two well beaten eggs, one ounce of but
ter and a quarter of a pound of bread
crumbs. lMix all well together, except
the eggs, which should not be added
till the mixture is quite cool and then
stirred in thoroughly. Put the mix
ture into a buttered dish and bake fox
half an hour. Strew a little sifted
sugar over the pudding before serving.
-N. Y. Times.
-Sweet Tomato Pickle. -One peck of
green tnmatoes and six large onions
sliced. Sprinkle with one cupful of
salt and let them stand over night. In
the morning, drain. Add to the toma
toes two quarts of water and one quart
of vinegar. Boil fifteen minutes: then
drain again, and throw this vinegar
and water away. Add to the pickle
two pounds of sugar. twvo quarts of
vinegar, two tablespoonfuls of cloves,
two of allspice, two of ginger, two of
mustard, two of cinnamon and one tea
spoonful of cayenne, and boil fifteen
minutes.-N. Y. Ledger.
-The "IPremium" Sandwich. -This
is made as follows, according to Frances
Spaulding, who gives Good Housekeep
ing the hint: Break a fresh egg in a
bowl and beat thoroughly, add one and
one-half cupful of sweet milk, a salt
spoonful of salt and a tablespoonful of
melted butter. Beat well and add
lightly one and three-fourths cupful
of sifted flour mixed with one and one
half teaspoonful of baking powder.
Bake in roll-shaped gem pans. When
cool, cut lengthwise with a sharp knife,
which will not crumble the crust.
Spread thinly with butter and cover
with finely-chopped roast mutton,
slightly salted. The mutton must not
be overdone, but a trifle rare. As they
are cut, lay the two parts of each muf
fin next each other so that they may
ft when put together. Possibly one's
enjoyment of this style of sandwich
would depend both on one's liking for
mutton and for quick bread as a sand
wich foundation. This last is becom
ing quite popular, but does not suit all
appetites.
Care of nattresses.
A bright, clean mattress is the house
keeper's delight. The question is how
to keep it so. Some use slip covers of
calico or muslin to protect it, but this
is unsightly and unsatisfactory. Of
course a tack of some sort may be used
to guard the top from possible harm.
but it is the rubbing against the slate
or woven wire that so soon soils and
darkens the ticking. I have found the
following method free from all objec
tions: Take a piece of sheeting or
strong muslin some six inches larger
each way than the mattress. At each
corner attach a twelve-inch piece of
tape, sewing it by-the mniddle so as to
form strings six inches long. Lay this
sheeting smoothly over the slats or
springs. Straps. formed of pieces of
mattress binding a little longer than
the depth of the mattress, are sewed
by their ends only-to each cornetr of
the mattress. Through these straps
pass one of the strings at each corner,
tying in a how knot.. When desired,
the knots may be untied and the mat
tress turned over. Before turning, re
move with a small stiff brush all dust
from around the tackings. and the mat
tress will retain its fresh appearance
for ycars.-American Agriculturist.
Skirts and Their Trimmings.
Skirts are very similar to those now
worn and range four to five yards in
width at "the foot, while almost close
fitting around the hips. M'any when
made of double-width cloth are of half
circle shape with but one seam-that
up the back-while others of single
width six or eight gored breadths. The
latter often have breadths joined by
open patterned jet galloon, or by the
laclike silk passementerie, through
which is seen the silk lining of a con
trasting color. Trimnmings around the
hip will remain in favor. There are
also ranny skirts with three clusters of
very narrow ruffles one clustcr of eight
or ten little frills at the foot, another
at the knees and a third above the
same space. Bayadare satins and vel
vets are used for these ruffles, and also
as fiat bands matching those that cross
the waist and sleeves, or perhaps form
a bolero jacket and entire sleeves, or
else ruffles set in the armhole, or a
drooping puff above close lower sleeves.
Shot velvets are muoh used for flounces
or folds on skirts, and also the sleek
"satin antique" with long flat pile,
which London dressmakers call "satin
velvet" on account of its sheen.
Harper's Bazar.
Diling-Room Furniture.
In buying furniture for the dining
room, as well as for any other room, it
is well to select good wood and avoid
cheap gilding and carving. A strong
plain oak table and a sideboard made
in colonial style, without any furbe
]ows in the shape of glass or shelves
above the wooden top, are the best in
vestments for the shopper of to-day. I
jSuch a sideboard combines the good of
cflees of se-ving-table, buffet and minia
tore linen-closet. Four high-backed
oak chairs, in additition to the articles
mentioned, are all that is necessary for
Fhis rooin--L~a.Ues' HUome JouragL
OF GENERAL INTEREST.
-The nail machine was invented fs
1775. At the present day it is estimated-
that 4,000,000,000 nails are annuall3
made by machinery in Great Britain
alone and from a fourth to a half of
this number in the United States.
-At Belfast the Alexandria graving
or dry dock, completed in 1889, has a
floor length of eight handred feet
while from outer sail to back of wall
the distance is eight hundred and fifty
feet. The inside width at the top is
ninety-two feet and the bottom fifty
feet. This dock can be divided into
three separate docks or used as one
large dock.
-An old rural custom still prevai!s in
the western part of France during the
harvest season. On the edge of a field.
bordering the highway a sheaf of gi aid
is left standing, to which all the peas
ants of the village contribute and
which is called "the stranger's sheaf,'
as it is the property of the first home
less wayfarer who may choose to carry
it away and profit by its price.
-It is said that a female cod fish will
lay 45,000.000 eggs during a single sea
son. P'iscatorial authorities say that
were it not for the work of the natural
enemies of fish they would fill all the
available space in the seas, rivers and
oceans. During the spawning season
the eggs are sometimes so thick on the
banks that they form huge masses and
are frequently seen by passing vessels
at a great distance from the shore.
-The -rarest American coin is the dol
lar of 1804. There are believed to be
not more than ten in existence. As
much as $1,500 has been offered and re
fused for an 1804 dollar. Many expla
nations have been given of the scarcity
of this coinage. One is that in the year
1805 a China-bound vessel was lost con
taiing almost the entire mintage of
1S04. As a curio the dollar of 1804
stands first among U'nited States coins.
-The customary morning salutation
at all seasons in old 'Marblehead is,
"llow is the fish?'" n the past rainy
summer the answer, after a look down
the street. has generally been, "Oh, her
tail is going round and round." This
is the town's way of speaking of the
weather vane on the Congregational
church, the infallible oracle which de
termines whether boats shall put out
to sea and leisurely landsmen go
a-riding.
-An average waltz takes a dancer
over about three-quarters of a mile: a
square dance makes him cover half a
mnile,. A girl with a well-filled pro
gramme travels thus in one evening:
Twelve waltzes, nine miles: four other
dances at half-mile apiece, which is
hardly a fairly big estimate, two miles
more, the intermission stroll and the
trips to the dressing-room to renovate
her gown and complexion, half a mile;
grand total, eleven and one-half miles.
-The Welsh in the United States
claim that they are in number as many
as their countr.vmen in wVales, and they
also claim that one of their ancestors
forestalled Columbus in the discovery
of America by two hundred and seven
ty-two years. They base their asser
tions cn historical traditions and the
manuscripts of old Welsh bards on the
one hand, and on the prevalence of
e\'clsh in many of the languages of the
Indians. both of South and North
America on the other.
-The red and fallow deer which
formerly roamed through the English
foresits had a habit of scraping up the
earth with their fore feet to the depth
of several inches, sometimes even of
half a yard. The stranger passing.
through these woods was frequently
exposed to the danger of tumbling into
one of the hollows, when he might be
said truly to be "~in a scrape." The
college students of Cambridge, in their
little perplexities, picked up and ap
plied the phrase to other perplexing
matters which had brought a man mor
ally into a fix.
-Our double eagle of $20 is equal to
20 patakas of Abyssinia. :0 kwans of
Anamn. 24 florins of Arabia. 20 pesos of
Argentine. about 44 florins of Austria,
about 103 francs of France, 36 milries
of Brazil, 2 condors of Chile, :36 rigs
dalers of Denmark, 400 piaters of
Egypt, £4 of Great ]Britain, 0l drach
nwms of Greece. 84 marks of Germany, 45
rupees of India, 10:3 lire of Italy, 20
yens of Japan. 50 scudi of Malta, 10: lei
of Roumania, 50 guilders of the Nether
lands. 27 rubles of Russia. 8 tomums of
Persia. 251 plasters of Servia, 8`2 ticols
of Siam, 103 pesetas of Spain, 200
gwush of Tripoli, 7 tillas of Turkestan,
21 patacons of Uruguay and 25 pesos of
Venezuela.
-Frogs, whether blind or not, be
come dark green or black if they are
kept in a dark vessel in a sparingly
lighted room: tut when a larger
branch with green leaves is introduced
into the vessel, they all recover their
bright green color, whether blind or
not In some way unknown the re
flected green light acts either upon the
nerves of the skin, or-what seems
more probable, if Steinach's experi
ments are taken into account-directly
upon the pigment cells. Moreover, the
Isensations derived from the toes have
also an influence upon the changes of
color. When the bottom of the vessel
is covered with a felt or with a thin
wire net, the frogs also become black,
recovering their green color when a
green branch is introduced into the
vessel.
-An old New York bachelor who
lives in a boarding house in Twenty
first street, near Broadway, likes eggs,
likes them fresh, and wants them
cooked just right. Therefore he buys.
them of a fancier at $81.25 per dosen and
keeps them locked in a drawer of his
dressing case. He takes out two eaeh
morning, puts private ink marks on
them, and hands them, together with
his watch and thermometer, to the
cook. Then he seats himself at the-.
breakfast table and reads until til'
eggs are served, not broken, but in the
shell, so that he may identify them as.
the same he brought down Stars:. 'Ii
all is to his liking he is bright rand
cheery both in business and scia yo
the rest of the day. But let the l -Pe
cess of getting those eggs past l
atd halt or fail in any of the dea
has preseribed and pqthing QBa:
i '