ýVEirYt aATUtRDIAV
ER J 'r r(-, -'isToM
at the L"Aftytez La. Post-Offtce A. Second
SATRAiiAY, MAY 12, i8 94.
l` 71/f fTUDICL4R Y.
We have carefully perused tl
At of the States of a
; days ago suggesting that
me change be made in the
, an law of the State, and in the
rnintal proceedings by which the
lpit would be sure to get the
I~:L bm t he deserves, and by
y1tehi iety, as well as individuals,
Wo"uld be better protected than they
&re under the present system, against
the deleterious effect of the many
shameful actuittals of parties, who
avte Tihly desetved the penitentiary
and in some cases the gallows,
't'here is no doubt that something of
the kind is needed, and that unless
done, the administration of the
l.al law will soon become a
sham; or something worse .as the
' tates has it, "an instrument of per
~ e Iution against the penniless and 4
friendless accused and a sort of a
'White Washing machine for the rich t
and influential criminals." But the
question is, what is the remedy and I
how is it to be applied ? I
We will not presume to indicate e
or prescribe the remedy. We are r
like a sick nian, who knows that he r
Is sick, because he suffers, but he c
does not know what medicine to e
take to cure himself or alleviate his j,
pain, and must get a physician. S
-.rs ince about thirty years the t]
Ineficacy of the administration of n
the criminals laws of the state has il
gradually augmented until it has b
reached an alarming condition. a
This state of things can not be long r,
tolerated without exposing society p
to succumb to the distructive influ
ence of unpunished crimes, driving t,
>ean to the necessity of resotting to el
force and violence to right their al
grievances, which is the most deplo- in
rable condition into which a com- fc
nmunity can fall, for experience has
Shown that whenever the judge of
the law is powerless to punish
criminals, Judge Lynch ascends the
beach and vindicates, in a summary a
manner, the outraged rights of
society.
A commission has been appointed to
to revise the State constitution and br
to propose amendments to that ins- tl(
trument with a view, principally, of St
correcting the evils growing out of at
the imperfection of the present judi- th
ciary system. When a physician is th
called to the bed side of a sick man, re
his first endeavor is to find out the H
cause of the ailment of his patient ag
to know what remedy to administer. of
Society or the body politic is sub- at
jected to moral diseases just like in- tal
dividuals are subjected to physical in
-diseases, and when the law maker is mn
called upon to abrogate a law or a kn
system of laws that not only falls ge
short of obtainjng the ends for dis
which it was ordained, but produces Vic
a deleterious effect on -the body to
politic, and to substitute in its stead
another law or system of laws, he an
becomes the physician of the body Ox
politic; therefore, the commission `ni
appointed to revise and propose
amendments to the state constitution ge
must first inquire into the causes the
that produce the evil complained of, an
fn order to know what changes in oc
the law are necessary to correct the th
evil. ish
PtWithout presuming to indicate to col
the comnrission what should be done fin
to obtain a more prompt and efTica- cdi
cious enforcement of the criminal sol
laws, we will ventufre to advance, hai
that the evil complained of b) the 1
States, grows out and is the natural ing
daiirrrnce of the present defective wil
judiciary of the state. Some attri
bute it to the leniency of the judges
and to the partiality or incompetency io
of the jurors. Although in sonimc sp
4icss, this may &e the proximate c
causeof the evil, in ouropinion it is Its
oirly the "cause of the cause." The o
el cauose is the imperfection of our
adiciary system from which tihe re
h-niency of judges and the partiality Ii
er incompetency of the ~jtrors flow. for
Ihe conea stone of a good judi- Shot
ciary is absofute independence; a It
fjodge may honestly believe, that he Im
m independant; people may lbelieve hjin
im to beas firm as a rock. Yet, 4
be a judge does not change his A
of man, and it cannot be the
-ti- thlat he is an independent ron
eunless hiF power rests on a tin
ary system that pt#esi hbi~b- b l-D.
- hneed of executive or puopZ-
alivys struck us as being unde
sto place aFufudgein a position li
tion, as when by virtue of
~e is calwled uonb to per
., fbwa dtty whicbr# iW#ibe`he death
knell of his official life, which per
-A 'aps will involve the present and
future wellfare cif his family; to do
_o_5 to is violative of the invocation in
ccond the I.ord 1prayer, !'Lead us Rnot
into temptation."
There was a time in Louisiana,
and there are men living to-day who
remember it, when the only chance
the of a inurdeter or a thief to escape
f a punishment was to i~ee the country
that and place the Sabine river between
the himself and his victim, yet in those
the days criminnals were tried by judges,
the not more honest and more cojipe
the tent than those of the present time;
by but the judiciary of the state was
als, then organized on the principles'of
hey the English jldiiciary which upii
nst which the judiciary of the United
any States has been framed. Those
rho into whose hands the administra
ary tion of the criminal laws was en
ws. trusted, by their tenure of office
of and the mode of their appointment,
ess were necessarily made as independ
the ent of popular favor as of executive
a fear or need.
the A retograde movement in polttics 7
er- is of difficult and hazardous exe
and cution; the people will not easily t
a retrace steps and give up the right t
ich to elect their judges. We are n
the favor of the election of the judges
nd by pcpular votes; but we would C
like to see that right exercised with
ste due regard to the all important it
i'e necessity of securing, as much as a
he practicable, an independent judi- it
he ciary. We beleive that- by length- ti
to ening the tenure of the office of L
his judge to ten years it would have a
salutary effect towards obtaining
he that end. Of course this would
of necessitate the enactment of some
as law, by which a judge who would s
as be false to-his mandate or guilty of a
n. abuse, of. power,' could be easily cl
ng removed from office, by judicial ii
ty process. 11c
u- We do not believe that a short t
rS term, which necessitates frequent ar
to elections is conducive to a good th
ir and firm administration of the crinm- an
o- inal law and to an impartial en
I- forcement of the statutes.
SUGAR REF"INERY. an
1h A meeting, attended by a number Pr
re of business men of Lafayette and
a few planters of the parish, was
held last Sitrirday at the Court- rel
house, to see what could be done dc
tl to secure the necessary capital to
d build a sugar refinery here. A gen
Stleman, representing a foundry in
,fSt. Louis, spoke to the assembly ice
and made a statemecnt, illustrating op
the fact that it was in the power of
is the people of this section to have a ! ,
refinery before the close of the 1894. te,
He said that if the planters mc
it agree'd to raise an adequate quantity s
of cane to run the mill he would ec"
attend to the part of getting capi
talists willing to invest their money Cr
LI in such an enterprise. The gentle- tat
man we believe, was in earnest and T1
a knew whereof he was speaking. The rW
s gentlemen present at the meeting
r discussed the proposition, exchanged
views upon the subject and adjourned e
to meet at the court-house to day. 1
1 We are informed that Col. lBreaux bci
and other gentlemen from New
Orleans will be present at this meet- SOU
ag.gA
e Our people seem defermined to Sgr
, get a refinery and they are alive to far
the importance of acting together ye.
and at once. 1here is no time to
loose. If we have no refinery
the actual cane crop in this par- 1
ish. will be disposed of with forl
considerable difficulty. The re
fineries are assured of an cn
cdeqluacy of cane, and are not as full
Ssolicitous of buying our cane as they b
have bleen heretofore. co
Let us hope that at to-day's meet- to
ing soime satisfactory conclusion
will be arrived at.
Tihe Stck Law. ks
I.AVAnpn:TTE, LA, May.S, Su;. f
To Tlhe Lafayette G;arette.
1Vill you kind ly inform your corre so h
sFplmdents if there is a provislon in the stock ye"
ordinance which allows certain stock, or of Satl
a certain size, or of a ccrtain sex, to roam. at
It scenems so, for yotr correspondcutt hascallc ci
the nllarshaf's attcntion to the roamning of
two steers, and they still r-ann. If there littl
is sut;h a provision I al'i ignorant of the f-ctm, "P
andl if there is no such a provisiolln, there .ss
are somle ones that do not attend to their l
duties. IFron thle vote of tile councilmen rLct
*of the Inlst session I see a majority votel 1001
for a continuance of the ordinance; they Ile
should at least see that it is enforced, yes, SS
strictly enforced. par0
Ilowever it may be, your correspondlf moni
knaows that ncarly every corporatio,n, even A
thoughjthey have no stock ordinance, pro- thai
hibits the roaming of steers. litt
By giving the desired information you coo
will- greatly oblige A· PI-rrrotNI . Lati
As far as The G aztefte courkl learn r
the stock ordinance prohibits the Tm
roaming of stock withlout any dis he
tinction. snow
decli
Da. Hawthorne on Religious Lib- ente
irrty.
"'The people of the ctutary arc lievxit. Mis
under the delusion that they have atil,htute 1 sti
religious liberty. I could wish for no eluct
easier task than to prove what they cail re- f scho
iigRlous liberty is buit little better then religi- ', ,.i:
ou tleration. lRcligj-ius libc'ty eŽx.ts only 1
ath where hr ge l son o a pleatel7-s ierated from
,er- the state. There is no such separation in
int any country whose government makes ap
I"paprpations of money for religious pur
do poses. When the goveruent msnakes such
in appfi6prialions, it compels the people to
mot suppOrt religion, and also determines what
that religion shalL be. Our federal govern
ment, and some of our state governmectts
nmake appropriation for religioua lfirposes.
ho In doing this, they compel their tax-paying
ice subjects to support ieligion, and all such
ipe compulsionl is a violation of conscience.
try No country can have religious liberty
while a large element of its people declare
that men who profess a certain religious
)se faith should not be allowed to hold office,
es, and participate in the adminibitation of
De- government. Has that man religious liberty
le' who is branded by his fellow-countrymen
as unfit for office because he wiU not re
ras nounce his. religioua faith? No! Such op=
.of position is unsitigated persecution, and
6 '1 Wnere there is persecution for conscience's
ed sake, religion is a myth.
se "A recent issue of The Courier-Journal
says: 'In Kansas City yesterday there was
a municipal election, in which the republican
nt- candidate was supported by the American
Ce Protective Association, and the democratic
It, candidate by tne Roman Catholics. Ai
rd- iot occured, in which some lost their lives,
and many were injured:'
e '"What is the American Protective Asso- i
ciation? It is the secret, oath-bound organi
CS zation whose purpose is to prevent Roman
:e- Catholics from holding politicial office in
this country. It is founded on the Asuml -
ht tion that this country is falling under papal
supremacy; that the purpose of the pope
in is to get possession of our governmient, td
es stamp out Protestants vitth the heel of gov- 1
Id ernmental power, and to have only the re
ih gion of Catholics on American territory.
"I agree with The Cotrier-Journal, when
it says: 'Such an idea could emanate only
aS from the brain of men who are entirely r
i- ignorent of the trend of our social condi- c
h. tibils. There is as much danger that the c
United States will come under thegsway of a
the pope as there is thathe moon will as
sume the office of the sun, and will heat the
ig earth.' - '
Id If the pope harbors any such purpose as r
te getting control of this government, and
d stamping out Protestants, he has less com
men sense than the world gives hinm credit
for. lie has no such purpose. And, in
.y charging himn with it, the American Protcc
ii tive Association makes itself rediculous, if
not contemptible, in the eyes of all sober
thinking men.
"'This country is overwhelmingly Protet
*a it, and it will remain so until 'time's last
L thunder shakes the worl.l,' unless l'rotest
- ants allow themselves to be led by such
mad caps as belong to the 'American Pro
tective Association.' The policy adopted pa
by these crazy fanatics will do more thnit ca
any scheme of Roman propagandism, to sh
r promote the growth of IKo.nanism. It wi", In
make many Catholic , but no Protestants. be
It will, if continue.d, bring on a religious d1
st'ar, and then every niain who believes in
religious fretledom will draw his sw",id i to
defense of the people who arc perse-cuted. (7:
"I admit that the condact of KIt-n .:.
Catholics, ill countriis: which they dloni- wi
nat;, has bciit very int.l-erant at, op. th
S (I
pres;ive. in Sain, l'.trtg.il, Snut' Anm.=
ica, Mexico and other couitrie:i, they have ane
oppiosed religions lii erty; they have allied wi
f t'ems clvies with the state, and treated
SI'rotestants with cruel severity. In our own i:
country, in sonse localitics, they have at- sal
cltenptcd to use the civil power, and the 41
money of the state, to promote their fri
growth. lnBut shall we meet error with
fer
error, injustice witih injustice, and wrong inl
with wron0g5 Shall we persecute then bc- b ef
cause they have persecuted us? Is that at
Cristianity? Is that the spirit of Himn who O
taulght us to return good for evil? Noi 1p
The policy of retaliation in religion; is anti
Chriri-tia, wicked, devilish and self-destruc
tive.
PROF. J. T. BARRETT.
I The above lnanedl gentlenan, nowt Presi
dent of Acadia College Crowley, I.a., was a
born in Atalla County, Miss., Nov. 18 f855. O
lie is of Irish stock, his great grand father Al
being a native of Erin. W
At the tinle of Prof. Barrett's birth, his at
parents were living on a little hill farm inl the tln
south western part of Atalla county. At the
age of four months his parents nloved to Ha
\ladison county, 'Mtiss., and located on a cs
snrail .arm. I lere the subject of this sketchI ;:
grew to mati, hod. I-ic n-as cn'gaged on the
farm, and toiled year after year until twenty yj
years of age. lo:tring these twenty years lihe
went to the public schools lbetw\een crofts,
and learned to read, write and sp.ll.
Slis parents beitng very hnor, were not able
to sctd himn to school. At twenty, hisfather
releasedi himi f ron the farm and sent hiiu
forth iinto t!,e world with twenty live cents
ill money, to meet current exc-enses.
IIe was hired to a farmer in IHilimes
county, Miss., andi set to cleaning, ditching,
an:l btrning brush. lie did hiis duty faitjl
fully here, antl worked hard at niight on his
books.
In the course of a year he taught it little
country schjool buIrning bIrush on Satuirdays
to pay for his iboard antil thus saved sonime fo
lIei then joincd himnsclf to a bandl of
Swcdish carplcnters, served his time, and
was promotedl to "iiatmager of a gang."
Rcsigning from tlris w.ortk he went again
into country schotol teaching. In tile course
of a year lie hadl saved a little inllicy, and
so hlie ipacked hisi grip, and spent over one
year with I'rtf. lobly in the high school at
Sallis, Miss., His progres s was rapid, atnlld
at thie close of this tern, he was able to
co:nitand little wages in teaching.
T'eaching one sessio, , antd borrowing a
little money, he spent one session m Missis- S
slsi4(- ol.ge,, at Clinton. At the close of the
ecssion, insteadl of going forth with the other
It rs to spendl the sunlttner months in needed
recreatio,, ce sought emnillovnmnt selling
book, working 01on the farm', atid hoping to
lte ,lae t return to college the followiii UI
sessitn. Ttut in this he w-as dlisappniintcd, hi.
parents not able to hell, hinl, he hadn't
.soney enough to return to the collegc.
Ack-nowecdging no barrier. he went to Car
thage, Miss:l, ertercd the Academy rented a S
little log house in the woods, did his own
cooking and kept up with his classes in
Latin, (;reek and Mathematics.
In the spring of that year the Board of
'Triustees called himin to bie assistant principa
of thle pti-patratory deparitmlnent. This psititn
he heIld with great credlit to hirlnse!f, andl
satisfaction to the iboardl anl Ipatroiss., I-ie
declined reelection the f ll,-ing term, aid
entered again Missisaippi college at Clinton.
I le gradumatedl with distiinction in the class o
of ISS2-3. lie then went to South East
[M¢ss..-and lonted in Ellisville. IHcre he
d:sting.~yi 'd ii;n::-lf as Supt. of Public
Edlucattio~n1 to.- uiilt t,-ositiin Ihe was eatrly Die
elected, and pIrincipal of Illiisville higni
schools an.I in his high moral s:nanding, and !
rtc im;i nus i u.s cc in t1_1 ,wsd -' I c.unutce . t
romw he an w his school enterpriseii grand anceess,
t in the public schools of the county on a higher
ap- plan, his church graciously prosperous.
pur- Just here his wrife died and blighted many of
uch his then cherished plans.
to Alone, and desolated, he thought of
that many things to give hilm peace.1 lW his
ern- desolationf his mind turned-strongly to books
eilts again. Thinking to bury himself in books
ses. would in a measure bind up hs broken heart,
ing he entered the seminary in Louisville, Ky.,
uch Here he remnai~ed three jcars and graduated
1Ce. in May 1889.
irty Re was called at once by the Louisiana
[are State Board of Missions to work in New
ous Orleans. He entered upon his duties at once,
ice, with bright prospects, and at the end of tfree'
of weeks, he answered in person a telegram
:rty from the Board, calling him to Shreveport.
aen On his arrival he found that he had been
re- elected corresponding secretary of this board,
op= much to hi$surprise. This position he filled
2nd traveling an average of 5ooo miles each year
e's in the state, and eclipsing any record made
by any of his predecessors in all the lines of
nal work fostered by the board. In 1882 he
eras resigned this position and accepted the
:an v ice-presidency of Mount Lebannon College.
:an He found the institution with three oarders,
itic and less than 70 in the college halls on the
A roll lie left this inistitution in one year
es, vith 5o boarders and 145 on roll.
In Dec. 1883, he visited Crowley, La.
so- in the interest of Mount Lebannon College.
ni- The Board of Directors of Acadia College,
Lan si'u ited in Crowley, watched his zeal, and
earnestness, until they were convinced that he
in was the man to be placed in charge of
il - Acadia College, only if they could succeed
:al in getting him. Negotiations were at once
begun, and resulted in securing Prof. Barrett
PC as the president of this thriving institution,
td for a period of five yeas, at least. Prof
v- Barrett recognized at a glance the superior
re- advantages of Acadia coIlege, and. although
it has in the largest measure lost its prestige,
'. he rejoices to day, although just opening in
en January 1844, with an enrollment of 152.
Aly Acadia College, and the people of Crowley
ly rejoice at the coming of this hman as a
citizen and educator to their midst. It only A
remains to be said that Prof. Barrett's suc
lie cess in the past, backed up by such energy,
of and ability as he possesses. Acadia College
Ls- is a royal success.
he That progressive paper, The
Tim-s-Democrat, was very ably
as represented at the press convention
it at Crowley by Mr. H. M. Mayo,
Swho made many friends among the
in membqrs of the association.
C -- C
if Succession Sale,
rTA'. E OF LctIsI. N.\-PARISIt or LAi.A
YErT rE-SuCCI."ssioeN of AN-rI')NIO
CanRo AND ItosAi.II. Bit.
It i.ALUD-No-. . S193.
h Notice is hereby gi.cen that by virtue of
_an order issuing out of the 17th Judicial
D)istrict court of L.ouisiana in and for the
d parish of Lafayette, in the above entitled
fi cause, and to me directed, I will offer for
o stle at publtic auction to the last and highest
bidder at the court house door, on
I Sattrday, J.une 9, 1891., Ir
between legal sale hours, the following all
s described property, to wit: til
) One certain lot of :grrinnd situtate-d in the til
to.n of Lafayette, iteasuring seventy-two
(72) feet, more or less, front Aon North Main
street b)y a depth o,f one hundred (Ioo) feet,
: ::- o:" ss, onl Madiron street, together '
- with all the buildings and -improvements
tharc.in, botmdei , nortlh by C. D. Caffery,
E el., South by North \Main street, i:ast b,y
M.alih-n Street a.1 wes.;t by John Vigtneaux:
. and the following teriis anId cnaldititns, to ]
wit:
I 1st. One hu:nircd and twenty-. ive dollars
(i25.oo)in cashI. 2d. Sc venteen-inletyvsixth SC
o(f the balance in cash. 3rd. One t'hi.J of
said balance in one year fromol day of sale.
4th. One third of said lalance in two years
fromt day of sale. 5th. Fifteen-ninetysixths
in three years front dry of sale. The Ic
ferretd ayments to bear eight per cent yearly
interest fronm day of sale, togthler with tenl- \
per cent additional on the aggreogate for
attorney's fees. In case said payments are
not puinctually paid at maturity, the credit
portion to ibe secured liy special mortgage anl
vendor's privilege on the property sold.
T. A. iRDOa'ssARn,
Sheriff of L.afayette Parish.
May 5, 1894. Ho
EVERYBODY
KInO'sa mnthsfbl,|f2 of Photoeraphy naowadavs
as it h.as bocoineindespo .sable in eery- bra'nh
OP INDUSTRY aND Cc
ART.
WHY DON'T YOU BUY
a Camera, sud learn to take Pictunrel Yon will
find it oneoft tto easit of arsi to inut.,r and
we will take as m oh ple .aar in teaching you
HOW TO USE
a $2.30 Watch Camera, as a $200 ontfit, free of
ctarge.
If'yoi o:annot fit nrp a Dark Ron, of yonr own
wi will do Sour teveolon anit printiung at
moderate pnems. Give us a tlral.
'hotogrophers Supplloa oF lvery
Doemorlptfon always in etogtg.
COR. CANAL Am.
BaOURON aTRE:T
WUTJAM . COTIMAI
CONSULTING
-AND -
Contracting Engineer.
Construction and Erectiop of
HIGH GR~AD
STEAM GENERATING PLANTS.
Sugar House Plants,
COLEMAN
Systeln of returning Condensed
Steam direct to boiler.
THE COLEMAN
Chimney Base Feed Water Heater.
THE COLEMAN
Hot Blast Automatib IBagasse Feeder
THEi COLEMAN
follow Blast Bar Bagasse Burner.
THE COLEMAN
Sectional Safety Water Tube Boiler
most E .onomical Boiler Made.
The I . D id:an tapr lute l mPs ,
loritve at all Positions of Stroke
fiulton Steam Boiter'Works.
florireta l Stationanry Tabar Boilers
of Flange Stoeel, 00 000ths. Tensil Strongth
"iih Tnmlioved 7lneehock ,n sfle Ragi,,s,
apo ily adapteI t-, D lvin g Sagar
Cane "Mills.
Ber:i Tron ltrdre Coamp n'- Itrn and Steel
15ldiugs u f r Sunar I erneo s sadt
M.iiaufictui. l, 'Oraats. o!
,. L ik S ,g ew Orleans, Lw.
*' The Mooansl dAutaii6
Zy ydran11o Pressu, .Re.A 1tart
of or. Sugar DL1.s
Bay been in auoeesfdl B~0L.Atlon for 9
of yo.e and is hidhly ehitored by the
js lealUmng kugar PLatoria bt l.oataeiaa.
Mks My Patent Has Not Ekpiredand
I Will Prosecute All infringe
rt, ments. For particulals address,
ed JOHN S. MODiNALD,
78 Custtdmhouse St.
na P. O Box 1219. Ne* ~rleans, La.
ew BEAUTIFUL As MAnBLE
:e, Au0 LASTING Aa TIME.
Ie THE BEST AND CHEAP
EmT TOMBSTONE MAtN
Lal UFACTURL n.
rt. ttronflr c..t,nrt. il -d Tn-a.
fAL .l ii. I i. "1 hL Il.,ýxon ; S oet
en the " p.ae peorti an wae he tron
Ie viv9r\' l Y , ; N~ I lih b i . Lar .n.
d, nu" pr.of p: oess iu aSy color dr
I. Igi2gt "6 in. HWidth 11 n. .$ 71
a " 40 . " 1. In. 12.~
de L" n. 1] in, 17 t"
de For Desiane, Emt'.em. and E-itanphl,. napl>r rv
If W. T. COATS & CO.,
he 6S TONoup,¶otnA ST.. -Ew ra Aoa., I a
. J. Lechleiter
s' THE CRIPPLED SOLDIER,
CIGAR MANUFACTURER,
a. JENNINGS, LA.
e, Good Cigars for $18 per thousand. Sam
d plcs : 50 for Si.
Cheap Store I
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
i Watchmaker, Jeweler,
AND OPTICIAN.
Gold Medal awarded at Exposition o
ISIS. Repairing of fine watches a specialty
y All work cheap and guaranteed.
Lafayette, La.
e .rsr Oopsite .1/ai'uton Sa/le r' Staor.
· H. P. FOURNET,
AGENT O'"
W. A: Vandercook,
VIIOI.ESALE DEAT.El IN
Choice Wines and Brandies
Los Angelos, Sah Francisco and
Arizona..
OFFICE and DIEPOT.
Sr. 'MARITNVII.LE, : : : : : LA.
MT. CARMEL CONVENT,
LAFAYETTE, A1.
The system of F.,t;ctt.,io includes the
French and ':English lar.';agens, . usic anl
all kinds of ncellc- wor-k. Ivery atrentin
will be given to the health an I co.nmf rto f
tho.se p:lacedc ui:h!e'r the c.re of the Sisters.
For termi. aIily to the Superior. 1-24
a,---L--P----
MRiS. H1. L. MO0NNIE! ,"
Dressmr ker
Desires to inform her frien'tz altld the gen- gu
eral pullic, that she is prepared to take in D1
sewing, and solicits the iuaking a line dresses. Bel
I I -- .1- . tir
Cord Wood for Sa!e.
ASH, $3.5 per cord
MIXEiT), - - 3.co , c
Ahlrca;:
LAFAYETTE RICE MILL,
Lafayette, La.
HORSES I PCHPA GOd STABLES
HONEST DEALING SaddiT, Work and :* elrasa
LOW PRICES I Ilor. Auction W"Veekly.
Sitenuos and oj~ iUL save money.
Cone and see
Mouton Bros. 0
DEALERS IN
GENEIRAL
Mercha ndis e
Lowest prices consistent
with quality of qoots.
So!d by TRAHAN+ & I)DOU'ET, Lafayette: JULES PETET!4.. S.rs,-: E. V. BAP DRYP. rand
Coteau: E MICAUt . ar2-on..
1 Big Store
2' ware rooms
Has just bbilght; ior c.Ash. at low prices, an immense stock of
DRY GOODS, CLOTHING,.
BOOTS, SHOES ANOD HATS,
HARDWARE, FURNITURE,
TINWARE, GROCKERY, ETC.,
To w`hich he invites the attciiiin
of intending buyers, promising to
give as cheap, if not cheaper
prices, .than found elsewhere
FELIX DEMANADE,
The Up to Date Merchant
SELLS CHEAP_
Sroce r ies
Liquors .
Crockery X
Willoware -
and ° ii
'. Fancy
goods
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LOUISIANA.
The Best L DOUGLAS
FOg.
.. . 6ENTLEMY!L
58, 84 and 83.50 Dress Shoe.
ds3.:O Police Shoe, 8 Soles.
$ 82.50, 2 for Workingmen.
S. and $1.70 for Eoys.
6 -* LADIES AND MISSES
. .. DO LA Shoes -e lh, cy : t.n- (iW ant't. iv-Tf bettenr
ats ofifrs Ye t!. L. Dog o r.
IS sr THE ho'iw at 4atawcdced1.rieo,
ced. The i fV. L. la e o th e t which
guarantees their value, avs tous f do!Irs anualv to those -h, ear them.
on slap s:Attoin. peat hSm
.^ a, a t c± t firaud.
LEO DOUCET. AccZNT
Satisfactios been at tully nic a iertiect i tan any otrna i: c Try- ce pai for n thd be cor
vinced. The staznminge of WV. L. J'c .olas' rme .m1:,(i IVr-cc 0:1 1113 hetti tn, wlliitd
gulrantees their v anle, c -s t! :anrdn of 2isle;s cnrellv to tnsiered hd car them.
DealOurs ho p.oodse sic of 'V. L. Clougthin Sho es and Hatss .
increase the sales on their fall line of goods. .racey can rflor~i to c-' a± r- ten;- pr;;;
Rnt we belilecvote can tsas- money t.y buyivng ali~ yous !twes r ati dei. c dc llC· K LiCi
tisot below. fataio c fn--ice Ispon sspplittitoa. W. L. L.)UGieA% Urocelt..ss8 Ttiase.
LEO DOUCET. ACGNT
Has been fully considered in mrnki n-r our pur ctz:3cs for thus
Spring and Summer.
Ladies and Gentlemen, B>oys and Girls
Have had their Wants and Wishes consilered arid carc B`
better supplied here than elsewhere.
Our Dry Goods, Clothinlgj, Shoes and Hats
Novecltics and Gent's Furnishings
1/RE ONE FEAST OF BARAINS
We are the People's Store.
L. LEVY & SO N,