SV SY a URDAY Justi
S the Sta
3 MOUTON, -- P aoPns'rO. dered
the rey
JOURIAL OF THIS PARISH. streeti
a rtsa.Poset-Ofce as Second tion a.
tiOn.
APRIL 27, =8q$. CSI.0PP
Af*LROAD ASSESSMEZ, sr
Jhaij another column will be found panie
etounit of the meeting of the nicely,
rdl of Assessors. The board
¢ e for the purpose of fixing the as- o
ament on the property of the corpos
road, telegraph and telephone apply
bWpanies doing business in the The i
srishes composing this district. In The
the assessment of Morgan's Louis- ploye
mana and Texas railroad running oa
brom Alexandria to New Orleans the lish th
board reduced the rate $5oo per
si.le; instead of keeping it at last on the
Syear's figures, $700oo, it was lowered at the
.KMessrs.- Duchamp, Dupont and Th
:B.uchanan voted to have the assess- bemt
=Saent remain at $700ooo. Mr Bu- to art
iclianan has had much experience in
;.railroad matters and his opinion imeap
,in this case is entitled to considera
ble weight.
. In this action we believe the r
the r
board was clearly in the wrong. tle
.'Last year the assessment of this lacke
road was fixed-at $7000 per mile, rallwc
and it was then deemed just and
fair by both the railroad and asses- inves
sors. We are unable to see by with
what process of reasoning the mem
bers who made this reduction will pT
explain their votes to their con- right
stituents. It can not be on account tabli
of the hard times, for if the hard wic
times have affected the business of it is
this road it was not caused by a re- leans
duction of freight charges. If such such
a thing has taken place folks in the
these parts know nothing about it.
If there has been any reduction onot
a few articles, it has been imper- inju
ceptibly small. And as the freight lic
traffic from this section last year the
was very large the revenue of the
road could not have been on the C
decline. The railroad can not en- sat'
ter the plea of hard times in the Ph
advocacy of a reduction of their t3an
taxes.
Mr. Kruttshnitt said that the
Texas and Pacific had been assessed Disc
$65oo00 per mile, and unless the same have
assessment were placed on his road get
it would not be in a position to and
compete with the Texas and Paci- Life
fic. If there has been any compe- to
tition between these two roads, the and
patrons of Mr. Kruttschnitt's road Sto,
have so far failed to perceive any
difference in the freight charges. c
This board had nothing to do cou
with the action of other boards. of
Its members were appointed to fix to
the assessment at its true valuation ha
irrespective of what other boards ish
might have done with the property At
of other roads, and they failed to wa,
do so and were derelict in the per- we
formance of their sworn duty
Mr. Kruttschnitt claimed that the me
superiority of his road and its finer tog
improvements were no reason to as- Hi
sess it at higher figures than the an
Texas and Pacific. The Gazette F.
would like to know why the prop- pa
erty of other people should be as- co
sessed according to the value of its fe:
improvements, if the same reason b
does not hold good with the pro- co
perty of railroad people. Ti
The commissioners Messrs. Bu- of
chanan of Lafayette and Bryan of L
Calcasieu, who voted on the assess
ment of the Louisiana Western road
very properly fixed it at the reason
able figures of $7ooO per mile. The
railr6ad people naturally wanted
this road's assessment reduced the f
Ssame as that of the. other road. I
For this no one will blame them.
They would be fools if they did
not try to have their assessment
lowered a¶ much as possible.
The Gazette believes that the
railroad people should be treated
with the utmost fairness, more like
benefactors than like enemies; they
should be encouraged, rather than
discouraged, but they should be
treated like other property-holders.
The assessment of private citizens
was not reduced, and it is a down
. ' ·sight injustice to reduce the rail
soad's.
Corporations should not be ex
es,ively taxed, but they should be
.hown the same consideration with
.·. which private individuals are treated.
i ' There seems to be a disposition dbh
the part of oficials to shield the
Sweal-- -thy from the payment of taxes.
4 e is not a small farmer who is
qell to pay taxes on every
 i net that he owns, but it
-, e. land-owners and the
"ns who are allowed
ent of their
.br..cause they
r*Xiizs ffb RD"Z`ýOE"'E X ~RfJTRA - dared it
Justice Breaux as the `organ high son
the State Supreme court has rep- honeys"
dered a decision refusing to grant "patent
the request of the New Orleans Mrs. /
street car companies for an injunc- Carencn
tion against the Board of Arbitra- rown.
tion. At the time the Board was The f
estopped from further action in the
investigation of the charges of the Mont
street railway employes against ast Cl
their employers, the railway com- Lessley
panies, the work was progressing Crouchi
nicely, but everything was not go- Landry
ing on in a way to suit the railway crouch,
corporations and they decided to 3rd C
apply to the courts to put a stop to Micaud
the investigation of the board. Smith;
The unjust treatment of their em- Robert;
ployes was receiving such a thor- ny; 5.
ough airing that they resolved to 5th
leave no stone unturned to estab- Kilchri
lish the illegality of the proceedings ijen 5
of the board; but they have been met Man
on their own grounds and defeated Bo
at theif own game. - Thai
The refusal of the street railway Felix 1
companies to submit the difterences assist
between them and their employes Voorhi
to arbitration, was, in the minds of mhis
impartial men, clear proof of the his yo
weakness of their cause. Had they induce
been right and their employes rink la
wrong, why should they have feared leg sot
e the result of an investigation? If and w
Sthe charges of their employes
s lacked the element truth, the street
railway companies had everything evenia
to gain and nothing to lose by an In
investigation which was conducted crop
y with absolute fairness toward both Bu
parties to the issue. have l
11 Those who believe that labor has Mr.
rights as well as capital, have es- noth
t tablished a Board of Arbitration to cal U
*d which either party may appeal, and
it is unfortunate that the New Or
h leans railway companies have taken coNL
such a selfish and narrow view of Per
n the question.
t' We all know that the board can
)n not compel either party to obey its EXC
injunctions, but through it the pub- fac
ht lic will be made acquainted with as as
ar the true facts of labor troubles. ami
he Cash paid for old gold at Bios- drn
sat's jewelry store. r
"n- fect:
he Physicians now recconend the New Or- P
leans Daily States Cigar as being of super- the
ior merit and having a fine aroma. into
geri
All Free. lyin
Those who have used Dr. King's New am
led Discovery knows its value, and those who dear
have not, have now the opportunity to try it L
free. Call on the advertised Druggist and drei
lad get a Trial Bottle, Free. Send your name or
and address to H. E. Bucklen & Co., Chicago, boss
to nd get a sample box of Dr. King's New see
LCi- Life, Pills Free. as well as a copy of Guide dev
- to Health and Household Instructor, Free. L
All of which is guaranteed to do you good tow
the and cost you nothing. Wm. Clegg's Drug enti
gad Store. rub
hos
any Carencro News. lies
Carencro has a candidate for clerk of ly
do court. Election after election, the voters j
ds. of the 6th ward have always been faithful Sta
to their trust, and cast their ballots for De- me
Smocracy and white supremacy; but never cox
tion has this ward had representation in the par
lrds ish court-house. *"Turn about is fair play." tru
arty At least one office should be assigned this oia
to ward: This much we deserve; this much all
per- we expect. More anon.
Never was there a happier party, who
the seemed to vie with one another to make
memorable an occasion, than that gathered the
iner together in celebration of April 17th at of
1 as- Huron plantation, the wedding day of Mr. is
the and Mrs. A. S. Wood, and Mr. and Mrs. pe
F. F. Merwin. The ladies and gentlemen as
acting as entertainers certainly did their se
rop- part well. Nothing was left undone that d
as- could bring pleasure to the guests. The th
if its feast was bountiful, being made up of the
ason best that the market could afford, while the nt
table was beautifully decorated with many
pro- colored flowers artistically arranged. rs
Toasts appropriate to the occasion were
Bu- offered by Mrs. Nibblett, and Messrs. T. g
n of L. Baily, A. C. Guilbean, Geo. Melchoir
sess- and D. A. Dimitry. Dancing was indulged ]
in until a late hour, when the many guests
left for their homes, wishing the newly
son- married couples a full measure of happiness o
The and prosperity in this life. s
anted Mr. Cyrus Guidry of Breaux Bridge
I the formerly of Carencro, was a visitor in town s
road.last week. f
them. Coal oil has advanced in price 5 cents
Sdid per gallon. How's that for Aigh?
Mr. Gaston Blot returned home last Sat- (
ument rday, after spending a couple of weeks I
with friends in New Orleans.
t the The skating rink continues to be a very
reated popular resort on Sunday evenings.
e like Dr. Ursin Prejean was in Carencro last
; they Sunday.
r than WTe regret to learn of the death in Jolette
ld be Quebec, on the 19th inst, of Mrs. Cham
)lders. pagne, the sister of Rev. Father Laforest.
SWe extend to him the sympathy of the
itizes community in this, his time of trial and sor
down- rowe
rail- Quite a large cr>wd went from here Sun
day on the excursion to Lake Charles.
The Town Council wish to tender their
e ex- thanks to Col. C. C. Brown and Mr. Gaston
d be Fratcez, non-residents, who so kindly pro
i with vided teams and labor to assist in street
weated- work during the last "call." The revenue
on A of the town and the available labor is very
d thel small; tnbut with a few more such public,
taxes. spirited gentlemen, there would be no
who is difficulty in accomplishing a great deal of
Severy good work.
but it Last Saturday's Advertiser informed us
ad the that the great dressmaker, the renowned
Lllowed Worth, had died the week previous; while
f their we were under the impression that the gen
s they tlema\n had departed this Ife several weeks
e.: a .The Gasetue, not to be ouadoc, de-n
ared thLt iss G(i d and the Count de orter
tellane w~ere soon to be married; whereas acre, each
a matter of fact. the gilded couple of s be
highsounding title have been enjoying their acre atd
honeymoon for some time in France. The bought at
*"patent outside" has much to answer for. m6th Ti
Mrs. Crawford Lyons of Crowley was in mah. Al
Carencro this week the guest of Mrs. C. C. i i
Brown, pan kid gi
The following is the "Roll of Hoddi" of 5ot a an
the Carencro Publihc School, C. F. Latiolais, 9th. Pd
prlicipah do well.
Month ending April t9, 1995: ~eoyh. 1
ast Class--, Amick Courtney; 2, Harry it. s
Lessley; 3, George Issley; 4, Michel bogs.sha
Crouchet; 5, Dalton Courtney. i
and Class-I, Valsin Cuidry; ,, Cecile only
Landry; 3, Simon Arcenaaux; 4, Odile have a oiy
Crouchet; 5, Louis Breaux. o5te.I
3rd Class-z, Selika Olivier; a, Celeste dicte p
Micaud: 3, Laura Magnon; 4, George fo Rae
Smith; 5, Nielie Crouehet.
4th Class-I, Silvie Patin; 2, L. S.
Robert; 3, Deric Guilbean; 4, Josie Court- Is
ney; 5, Laurentine Guchereaux. and Ms
5th Class--, Geo. Crouclht; 2, Alice and Ste
Kilchrist; 3, Jean Crouchet: 4, Emile Pre- You cl
jean; 5, Ernest Breaux. before
6th Class--, Nums Mathieu; 2, Nina
Magnor; 3, Waiter Broussard; 4, Daisy AI
Broussard; S, Lidley Guilbeau. and tar
That affable and popular gentleman, Mr. inder.
F Felix Voorhies, is in Carencro, and with the Lafay
s assistance of his brother, Mr. Chas. L.
S Voorhies, are giving a general repair to the
machinery of the Carencro Union Gin. chicke
e Through the cor.bined efforts of eight of liveret
his youthful friends your correspondent was Mrs. i
y induced to put on a pair of skates at the n-14
s rink last Sunday evening, and while afford
d ing some amusement for the audience, he Prot
'f very soon realized the wonderful strength The
and hardness of pine flooring. points
Mr. Justice McFadden, and Mr. E. Voor- irds
hies of Lafayette, were in Carencro Monday La.,
g evening. o
P In spite of the dry weather, the different points
d crops seem to be doing very well. $15
1 Business is very dull, and our merchants bro
have good cause for complaint. ber o
IS Mr. E. J. Perraualt M. S., has returned Val
home from New Orleans, where he finished by po
another year of attendance at Tulane Medi
to cal University. Larg
td Owl.
W. C. T. U- COLUMN- Mink
:n CONDUCTED BY THE LAFAYETTE W. C. T. U. Skui
of Personal Liberty not Assailed by mals
the Prohibition of the Li. give
n quor framto.
its EX-CHIEF JUSTICE AGNEW, PENNSYVANIA.
ib- The right of society to prohibit the manu
facture and sale of liquors is often assailed j
th as an attack upon personal liberty. This is just
a mistake. No one claims the right to com
pel temperance by law. What a man may and
drink is for his conscience to decide. The of
u- estion is between him and his God. But Whi
runkenness is a different matter, and af
fects society. sate
Or- Put drunkenness before your eyes. See
per- the victim reeling from the bar, perhaps hos
into the street, fallen into the gutter, stag- emi
gering away to accident, falling into pits, hi
lying on the railway track, and in a moment
vew a mass of torn flesh and crushed bones- the
who dead ! cot
r It Look at him in his family-wife and chil- and
and dren fleeing before his brutal rage, the knife Co
ame or pistol in his hand, then the wife of his
ago, bosom bleeding, dying at his feet. Again, ing
Sew see him on a bed of sickness fighting the nis
wide devils of the brain-monia, delirium, death. tow
ree. Look at its public aspect, not confined by
rood town or county lines, but spending over an
)rug entire State What scene of devastation and
ruin, which despoils labor, gluts prisons and
hospitals, engulfs taxes, impoverishes fami
lies, breaks up homes, sends the occupants to
of almshouses and carries thousands to untimne- c
ly graves. yet
ites It violates the very Constitution of the ye
thful State, destroying the God-given rights of 3
De- men. tar
Does it not destroy liberty? Answer. the
ever courts of justice, prisons and asylums I vit
par- Does it not destroy property? The des- ara
ay." truction has no measure, but the wages of pr
this labor, the earnings of industry, the savings
uch of economy, and the inheritance of wealth,
all, all are engulfed in the drundard's ruin. D.
who The Harm of Drinking.
make [Following are extracts from a paper on
hered the above topic by ling Ai Niguk, matron
:h at of the Foochow Girls' Boarding School. It
Mr. is a witness to two truths: (I) The oneness,
if we may so speak, of the gospel of tem
Mrs.perance wherever preached. (a) The one
lemen ness of testimony to the evil wrought by the
their serpant whose trail covers the wide earth.]
that Shall we who have been called from
The darkness into the light, still cling to the
things of darkness.
f the Those who are in the power of rum, can
,e the not see its harm.
Those who think a little drink does no
many harm, have never investigated the effects of
nged. rum-drinking.
were The best way to stop drinking is for the
. T. government to prohibit.
hoir Chinese people drink rum and when it
has ruined their bodies, they say the evil
ulged spirits have made themn sick.
gests Some food cannot be eaten if left over
newly night, but intoxicating drink is the product
of food left long enough to ferment.
pnes When Satan would have you commit some
sin, he first makes you druank.
Bridge Our duty as Christian women is to keep
t strong drink from our children, teach them
the harm of drinking, and prevent others
from tempting them to drink.
ents Free Pills.
Send your address to H. E. Bucklen & Co.,
t Sat- Chicago, and get a free sample box of Dr.
weeks King's New Life Pills. A trial will convince
you of their merits. These pills are easy in
action and are particularly effective in the
a very cure of Constipation and Sick lHeadache
For Malaria and Liver troubles they have
been proved invaluable. 'They are guar
o last anteed to be perfectly free from every
deleterious substance and to be purely vege
table. They do not weaken by their actions
oiettebut by giving tone to stomach and howels
Ch - greatly invigorate the system. Regular
aforest. size 2 5c. per box. Sold by Wm. Clcegg.
of the
nd sor- The Houma Courier has been en
larged to a 6-column 8-page paper.
c Sun- We are glad to see this sign of pros
. perity with Editol Duval.
r their
Gaston Reasons Why You Should Locate
y pro- In Southwest Louisiana.
street s. It's healthy; not sbler to epidemics; has the
inelowst death rate in the brcst (S toa ,ooao more told
eope o oplatio n than elsewhere nine tenths
an increosed vior, recover from catarrh. are
public, irvcd o kidneytlisoeSSS, They are out of doors
be nmore t helps rheumatisml and strengthens the
iiiogs A radical change like this will add ten years
dod. eott ooderainfall. evenly distribated. 55 to 6o
nd 3d. The ne st, the best climate in the United
nowned 5th. Prairie and timber in bestproporton. Good
clay soil with hard pan ,trb soil. Goad water to to
t o eet through clay. No stones, srtnmps. roOct or
other obstruitions. Veil ~ered with an exrcelLnt
e ges- od ot wild gres of medical quoalit.rwhich con he
I weekSrepiced with Bermuda or Lespedeta Jalman clover).
b, lgrasaes known.
giiwe on an xerc ei ensus, l5rsce silo.
northern' State Pe. ifar "ine yiei _i tons pr
acre, each ton i valuIbe aes w.ild hay -oth yield
iug only si tons average. Rice is grown on new
sod before rotting and yields to barrels per ncre
valued at 03 a barrel. givesan incomei of s030 an
ncre and Costs $1o to grow it. Such land can be
bought at $5 to $li an acre; improved. $1o to $2o per
6th. The nearer the gulf the healthjier the cli
mate and earlier the season.
7th. All hardy vegetables, u.uch s rndshes,. tur
nipS. lettuce and cabbage.grow all winter.
th. Figs and oranges are at their best here. Ja
pan kid glove orange commence bearing at one or
two sears from udin will do well anywhere in
Southwest Loulsianp bring the highest price in
market and are bettes-lavored.
9th. Pears of a few varieties do well. Blackber
ries and dewberkiek wild or tame) and strawberries
do well.
,soth. Nut bering trees are at home here and are
very p taibe. -
th. Poultry does exceedingly well.
Bath. Stock of ll11 kinds do well; horses muoles,
o rt. Altitue, 6 feet. Foo nlt o , ato
hihh overnow. . . 6E
:th. we sVpp su cae p e ad rceipection:
he only field rcrop ort. On both crops we
Shave a good tpro. without tariff or bounty.
s5th. The climate, the conditions the fruit (f
orn ae, pomegranate grape and persimmon) all t
dicate plainly that this is the long lost Eden. beo
Writ to nearest Southern Pacific Representative
for Routes und Rates. S. F. B. Morse. . P. & T
A.. New Orleans. La
Your Opportunity
Is Ripe.. During the months of April Mach
and May we will sell all kinds of Furniture
e and Stoves at absoldte coat. This is no
humbug sale, bat a bonafide cost-price sale.
You can supply your wants at a price never Cypr
before heard of, if you buy now. Al
SL. LEVY & SON.
A LIBERAL REWARD-A black, white
and tan dog, strayed or stolen from F. F. Off
Miles' farm. A liberal reward to the 45
finder. Apply at F. F. Miles' farm, near
SLafayette. -
Chickens and Eggs. Cha
I will supply the people of Lafayette with
chickens and fresh eggs at all times. De
of livered at domicile. Leave you orders at TTC
as Mrs. Jim Mouton's residence.
e n11-14 ONEZIME MOUTON.
Oflice i
he Protection to Game and Poultry. 44
th The undersigned will pay $5o bounty to
the persons making the highest number of
points by killing predatory animals and
Sbirds of prey in the parish of Lafayette,
ay La., before the 1st day of January, 1896,
as follows:
Sz5 to the one making greatest number o
ant points.
5 to the one making next greatest num- Dr
ber of points. Drua
ints $o to the one making next greatest num- t
ber of points. Toilet
led Value of different heads are to be counted tionery
fed by points, as fellows. Prescri
di- i POINTS POINTS hous
Large Hawk ..........15 Wild cat ....... 1 be
Small hawk. ......... 1 Coon ...........5
Owl ..................... .15 Opossum ..............
SMink ...................15 W easel................ 15
v Skurk ........... .15 Fox....... S o . . ....15 G
tHeads of birds of prey and scalps of ani
by malsto be delivered to Wm. Clegg who will
give receipt for points, no bounty to be paid
for less than five hundred points.
F. F. MYLES.
IA. Board
nu- TO TIHE PEOQLE.
led I beg to announce that I have LAF
t just received from the East, a large
say and varied stock of summer goods
she of the latest styles, consisting of
But white and figured lawns, challies, Addr
af- ginghams, chambrys, lace lawns,
See sateens in all grades and colors,
Laps hoseries and also a large stock of Re
tag- embroideries from the lowest to the
pis highest, insertings, edgings, torchons
the finest ever exhibited in any
country store; also gloves, mitts W
chil- and parasols, besides a fine and
knif complete stock of neckwear, cloth- 713:
gain, ing, hats and shoes and gt:nt's fur
the nisbing goods ever brought to this in
eath. town.
at by Prices within the reach of all.
an Call and be convinced.
and Jos. PLON.SKY, Agent. to
fami
nts to Attention, Veterans I
time- Gen. Gardner camp o- 58, of Lfa
yette will meet at the court house of Iafa
f the yette, I.a., on SatoRay April 27, 1895, at Pup
ts of p. m. sharp, for the transaction of ipor
tant business. A prompt attendlace of all
swer, the members is expected, and a cordial in
vitation is extended to all confederate vet
de- arans who wish to join the camp to b
es of. Pu
present.
vings By order of J. C. BUCHANAN,
r ath, Captain Coamanding.
ruin. D. A. CocIHRANE, Adjutant.
Ie
AT
Pr on
a trifing aments trneglect
iio It E
eness,
tem
: one-w
oy the
roor ato
from cl
eo the
erh Dyspepim agine-Cley and Lver
n f alSdiseases Troubles
evil triflin ailmens neglected.
it some wl nutTof aniet wes•i
B n ur Vsswy and book-free.
I "pro- BIW C 0 MINUTIMESy, MD.
Iron sol fr oBt.
o uf Drs ~a oesioe r the
easy in anyoher nownrema ed
en the osaus l an d
eadache ple C G.
eenstemus. - -a s
as" Mam.m ass bS*
Best in tle World.
"ssanLh s apDet.a s
'ee 4r 31s SY.,U
6EO. A. DEBLANC '
-dealer in- -6
WOOD, LIMEins-'L COAL
Wholesale and retail.
Stove Wood.
Cypress and Pine Kindling.
All Orders Promptly Attended to.
LAFAYETTE, - .. - LOUISIANA.
Sch
L ce and Yard near R. R. Depot.
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC.
Office on Madison street, LAFAYETTE, LA.
' j 44-Iy
D. V. Gardebled
PHARaMAIST,
and dealer in
Drugs, Patent Medicinces,
Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
Stionery, School Books, Pretaints and Oils.
Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
Ts houss of the day and night. Everything o
be found in a first class drugstore.
5 IW-Next to Falk's Opera House.
LAFAYGENTIL'S HOTELSAA.
Oi(Opposite So. Pac. R. R. Depot.)
- Board by the week or day. eals at all
hours. Rates very reasonable.
ave LAFAYETTE, - s - LA.
C. C. A. Voorhics,
eAddress: Der0iny and Esplaner de streets,
nsDus PatEW OLEANS.
rsToilet Soaps, Cigars, Too, etc. Sta
d tionepresents
PrescriWM H LEE &f CO
itts Wholesa le liquors.
and 713 and in5 Lucas Avenue, st. LOUIS, Mo.
31-Ty
is Nt tmprove Your
willtock.
By Breeding
.LA.
to Pure Bred "*HOLsTEIN BULIL..
Breckinridge.
LaaFAY Fee, $2.50
es, AddPuress: Bred Jerisey Buand Esplnle streetsll,
vet- Fee, $2.50.
of ePure Bred Red Jersey Hog,
OSCAR WILDE.
Fee, $1.OO
t Ueal Privlaege of Retsrn.
AT T. F. MYLES,'
Near Lafayette, La.
NEW BARBER SHOP,
On Vermilion Street,
at Higginbotham's old Stand. First
class workman in attendance.
Yours for a clean shave or a nice
smooth hair cut.
r. L. Morley.
- - I
sold by TRAHAN & DOU6ET, Lafayette; JULES PETETIN, Sunset; E. V. BARRY; OCGra
- Coteau; E- MICAUD, Carencro.
TRAIHAN & DOU CET,,
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN.4
-AND DEALERS IN-
Paints, Varnishes. Window Glass
FANCY AND TOILET ARTICLES.
School Books atd Stationery, Base Ball Goods, Tobacco ahd Cigaii
Melllier's Perfumes
I~rescriptions Compounded Day & Night
-16-199
"Things of the past are dead buried, and forgotten."
it I am now in a position to more than
MEET COMPETITION
I can make good my assertion with the proof. My son, HENRY BEN
- DEL, lives in New York. This gives me
-UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
Over Competitors to Have a
-: Resident-Buyer
In New York
I B. FALK, L afayette, La.
its.PFING OPENINO
all
0 --AT-
SMrs John 0. Mouton's
Fine Hats And Bonnets,
And all the Millinery Novelties,
Dress Goods, Shoes,
Aets, And Stockings.
Are the
H ighest
of all
High
Grades
Warranted Superior to any Bicycle built in the
World, regardless of Price.
t.\ Read the following opinion of one of the most prominent Ame
rican dealers who has sold hundreds of these wheels:
srrsl. Ili'h Frame, 'Wood Rime, RICUiMOND, . A., OCT. 2. -894.
i)etachahl Tire. Scorch- INDIANA IICVCI.C Co .. IKnDIAAItOI.Is. I.,).:
cr. weight, tI lbs ....85 (;tju T.rsE1. 'he Wavcrley Scorcher and Eclle came to hand yesterday.
Steele Ry Weare afraid you have sent tt the high priced wheel hby nltist-ake. Yot Callt
Steel R ims , VeerlCy mean to tell us that thisv heel retails for 585 We nust say that it is. th t
Clincher .Tir. . ecrht ecptio.. the prettieost whecl we ha'.. ever s.ee. and. nmoreo.er, we have faith
24 Ibs......... . itl it. aithootgh it weighs only ati.. , for of all Waverteys we have sldt this
SRelar Frame, e ar an l (a d vt know that is a right od nlotlber), we have neer hod
Reigula "r , t r nc h-8fam. nm o fork brokel, eitlcher from accident or defect. :ad that is more tham
weights ..............985 r can say say of any oth-r wheel. Ihowever high grde,. so called. that we sell.
Ladies' Drop Frame, same We ttongratulate ourselves every day that we arc the Waverley agents.
First- weights and Tires ....75 Yours truly. WAI.TaK C. Ms, ca &" Co.
ance. Ladies' Diamond. Wood Illustratedt CatalOgue Free
Rims, weight, o Ibs..-75
Indiana Bicycle Co. INDA.NAPOLS,. NDo.
B- CLEGG, Exclusive Agent, Lafayette, L