TT lE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME IiI. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, APRIL 20, 1895. NUMBER 7.
MUTON BROS.
--DBALER5 IN
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
ULinla Avenue, i LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician, sil
Opposite Mouton Sailes' Stlem.
LAFAYETTE, LA. el
la
Gold medal awarded at Expofltiol of u
1878. Reopatring of fine watches a spe- tl
cialty. All work cheap and guaranteed. bl
MT. CHRMIL CODEIT
LAPAYETTFB. LA.
The system of education includes the SI
French and English languages. .Music h
and all kinds of needle-work. Every e3
attention will be givefi to the health
and comfort of those placed under tha
care of the Sisters.
F'or terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE y,
Blacksmith,
WHE~ELRIGHT ani SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Bank Ilullling.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
'done. All work promptly attendol to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
II. C. SALLES, a
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA. y
E. G. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND a
NOTARY PUBLIC, .
- Larayete, La.
It. W. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
Attlornxey8e at Laev,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
-1
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
StED Sable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
tirst-class rigs at reasonable priceo
Careful drivers furnished when required
LAFAYETTE/. LA.
Jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
LA.WVY]EDR.
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Slu
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
LAPA IErTnt, LA.
tRAILROAD BARBER SHIOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near.Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
-AND
Sale Stable
L COISTAITII, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, -. - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years,
and in Latayette Parish 11 years, calls
attention to his new and sucoesoasfu treat
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cnr-e la
Consumption, in the first and secnnd
period it they follow exactly the treat
hent and relief in the third period.
Deafness and shronie diseases in gea
sewl a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public
Justice of the Peace.
Oneter su d promps avtention Iven to
toe colleotion oMtita. sllomts note~s os
drafts. Sale8O r~ purcisoe 1Isds aS
teabed tb. 1-19
- . H. MOUT N,
RAIN AND SHINE. "l
Can't bare sunshine all the time
Got to come a rain;
The dry land-it gits thirsty.,
An' the mountain an' the plait for
SThey cry out for a drop to drink .
An' all the wiltin' flowers
Is glad to see the rain fall tree,
An' freshen with the showers.
Can't have sunshine all the time; Job
Glad fer rain to fall; aga
Fills thearells an' makes the dells T
Look fresh an' sparklin'-alL broa
The raindlrop makes the roses grow, brig
An' it the rivers rise, ro
They water all the land, an' go tro
Joest singin' 'neath the skiest tibe
Can't have sunshine all the time: full
1 like a rainy day;
Fer that's the time for reudlln' books. The
Or makin' fddles play. one
To home, or to the grocery store. CO3
I'm happy when it rains; the
Per they need it on the mountains.
An' it's welcome on the plains!
-Atlanta Constitution "
IN THE NEXT CENTURY. o
The Oracle Tells a Btory of Things dec
That Are to Comeo.
thi
The Oracle, who had been sitting
silent, not heeding the conversation thr
that went on, suddenly` broke out. thi
It is the year 1945. The scene is an up
elegant mansion on Pacific Heights. A pre
lady is in the wide open hall, walking
up and down impatiently. She is in ma
the dress of the period. A tail coat of for
blue silk, such as negro minstrels wear
now, a low-cut vest of delicate shade, tin
with diamond buttons; a frilled lace "?I
shirt front, a white stand-up collar
edged with gold braid, a white tie with in
flower sprigs all over it; elegant silk ha,
knee breeches, sillk stockings and
delicately-tinted patent leather shoes.
She wears a rose-colored silk crush
hat, and she puts an eyeglass to her
eye as she looks up the broad stairs. to
"John!" 'I
"Yes, dear." jal
"Aren't you ready yet?" thi
"I'll be down in a minute."
"Sainted Cecilia! How long it takes yoi
you men to dress. I've been waiting shi
half an hour already." th;
"Only ten minutes." Jol
A tall, fine-looking girl in livery otl
comes in. lad
"If you please, ma'am, the motor's at tai
the door." ref
"John! John! are you not ready yet?" TI
"Please come and button the back of ble
my coat." mc
"Holy Saint Anne! Ain't you any eff
further along than that'?" da
"The buttoning machine broke down, go
and left me only half buttoned." an
She turns to the girl in livery. ak
"Go up and button the idiot. Do be
hurry up, John, we'll miss the first act." th
"What's the play, dear?" to
"Don't you read the papers? Don't an
you know it's the new version of tl
- 'Othello?' "
"I didn't know. You know I never
get time to read the papers. WVhat with
going visiting and men calling, I never h<
get time to do anything."
"Oh, for heaven's sakel Do come so
along. I want to hear the great scene
where Desdemona sauces her father." gI
"B'efore the duke?" a5
"Before the duchess. This is the new
C version, I toll you."
"Marial"
- "Vhat is it, now?"
"Did I leave my handkerchief down T
there?" ti
" Which handkerchief?"
"The one with the strawberries em
broidered on it." t'
"Upon my word! You men don't d
know where you put anything." d
The husband comes downstairs. He a
is dressed in a silk waist, with ruffles
at the wrists and around the neck, di- a'
vided skirts of a similar shade and slip- t
pers with buckles.
"Great Cleopatra! John.'you are not v
going without your hat?"
' "Of course I am. LIt's very swell,
you know."
"No, John, that bald head would dis
grace me."
"I can't help that. It isn't good form a
to wear your lhat at such a fashionable I
first night."
"John, you look positively indecent
rY without your hat. Go and put it on."
u* "I know Jones is not going to wear e
as his. His wife told him she didn't want
him to."
- "Jones, my dear, has a head of hair.
) Go and put on your hat."
* "Why didn't you tell me before? I
would have worn my other dress. I
went and had my head manicured this
afternoon just for this affair."
"John, you go and put on your hat. I
won't take you to the theater if you
don't. That's all there is about it."
"I think it's real mean."
"Let me look at you. WVhy, you don't
mean to say you did not get your i
whiskers curled?"
"M'y dear, I've had them in papers all
night and all morning. They won't curl
worth a cent."
"I can't stand this much longer, John.
I1. have to dispense with your services
as a husband."
"I tell you, Maria, if you don't have
some smore consideration for me 1'1 go
home to my father."
"Go and put on your hat."
la The husband goes meekly upstairs
at-and comes down with a hlat with wav
di- ing plumes.
iti "Is that all right?"
"Oh, yes, you'll have to do."
They enter the family coach, a cioupe
atrun by electricity in a storage battery.
a.A handsome woman in livery is seated
behind; she turns a crank and away
they go at fifty miles an hour.
"My dear," says the husband, "'youl
really have to get me anew valet This
fellow doesn't know how to take care
of mry dresses."
"You're always growling, John.
:e. Don't you know that we've got to
economize, anyway? iAfy gold mine
Sdoesn't pan out as well as I expected,
'a.'d that wheat deal nearly burated me.
Oh, by the way, I forgot to give your
Christmas present. Here it is. Put it
on your finger, outside of your glove. I
p want Jones to sea it His wife nove'
gives him anythi.'."
It is a beautiful ring, set with half a
hundred ,gems of various kinds.
"I left your Christmas present in
your rooms, dearest," says John.
"What did you get?"
"I got a beautiful pair of suspenders .I
for you." so
"What did they cost?" bel
"I don't know." cor
"I suppose I will when I pay the bill. siti
John, you fre a dear, generous, extrav- ma
agant fellow with my money." nit
They are landed at the base of a wil
broad- flight of marble steps. It is ten
bright as noonday, and crowds are a
trooping in, and all over the wide ves- to
tibule you can see red and blue and the
green court hats being doffed grace- noi
fully as the ladies bow to one another. ths
The men stop and shake hands with cat
one another occasionally, and as they by
come to the door they hang back till an,
the ladies produce the tickets. ha
"John, Where are you?" for
"I'm here, dear," says John, meekly. kn
"Don't get lost. There's a dear." kn
She turns and gets into an animated fo2
conversation with several other ladies.
"Yes, the directors met to-day and er
declared a dividend of three per cent.," thi
says one. ju
"I'm glad of that. What do you bo
think of Nellie Jones for governor?" thi
"Well," says a strong-voiced lady, ha
1 throwing away a cigarette; "I don't she
think the democrats would dare to put 1
up Nellie Jones. She couldn't carry a pi
precinct south of Market street." all
r "I think," says another, "we can the
make a deal with Bridget O'Flaherty iss
I for the attorney general."
r "Maria," says a small voice, while a fui
, timid hand pulls at her coat taile- all
3 "Maria." ab
r "Well, if we can get Susan Robinson th
i in for congress we might let Bridget th
c have something."
1 "Maria!"
"What is it?'' se
' "The curtain is going up, dear." go
r "Oh, all right. I suppose I've got ke
to take you in."
Then the ladies all go in together, Pl
jabbering, and half a dozen helpless fi
things of men lag behind. er
"Which of them did you say is with tb
s you?" asks the doorkeeper, a little, al
g shriveled 'up old woman. And finally w
they all get in and take their seats. si
John is very uneasy. He sees all the be
y other men without their hats. The tip
ladies do not take theirs off. The cur- hb
.t tain goes up. The play is "Othello" P=
rewritten, and Desdemona is a star. e
The duchess and a senate are assem- di
f bled. Old Brabantio accuses Desde- Y
mona of having married the Moor. In as
v effect Desdemona says she'll do as she s
darn pleases about it, and the time has es
1. gone by when old fools of fathers had is
anything to say to their daughters 01
about such things. The old man is i
lo beaten. Desdemona is appointed to w
the command at Cyprus and elects to 1i
take Othello with her. There is greatq
't applause, the author is called for, and 1
of the ladies cry "Bravo!"
"Where are you going, Maria?" ci
er "I'm going out to see a woman." Ic
th "Don't be long. I don't like to sit k
er here all by myself." r
"Oh, don't be foolish. I'll bring you s<
Ce some candy." t
me The foyer is brilliant with ladies in b
.+ gay dress. There are twinkling calves a
and shining patent leathers and coats t
Mw in all the colors of the rainbow. The 0
men don't leave their seats, but sit '
alone and cast occasional longing d
glances at the entrance to the cafe.
. The critics of the morning papers ard C
there, learned and important.
"Fine isn't it?"
m "Oh, I don't know. She's a great ac- a
tress; but hardly womanly enough, V
n't don't you know. One wants force and v
dignity and something of power in the t
ie soldier, don't you know?"
'"I think Othello is perfectly lovely,"
di- said another lady. "lie's so gentle and
tractable, so respectful to Desdemona,
so humble and meek-so manly in every
hot way."
"I'didn't like the duchess and the
senate," says another. "They seemed to
me to be so common. They were an in
sult to the sex."
The chatter goes on. Cigarettes are
smoking all over the place, and there is
im a little cafe where suspicious-looking
ble liquors are being served in dainty little
glasses.
nt "I'11 take a cigar," says a strong
n. minded woman, with a good deal of
ear enbonpoint and very baggy below the
mt knees.
"Let's shake for refreshments," says
sir. another.
"All right. Poker dicel"
S "As you please."
"Oh, by the way, I promised to take
his my husband in some candv."
"Oh, take him in a clove; that'll do."
t. I "No, that will remind him of the
!ou privileges his sex has lost."
Then the bell rings and they troop in
and the play goes on. The plot is that
,n't Emilia works up Desdemona to jealousy,
our and she smothers Othello.
"I think it's perfectly awful, Maria."
"all "What?"
:url "It's positively indecent."
"What?"
hn. "Jones. Ie's got a Byron collar on,
ices all open at the neck, and you can see
his shoulders. It's shockingl"
ave "I wonder Mrs. Jones would take
Lgo him out like that," says Maria.
The curtain falls on another act.
"You're not going out again, M1aria?"
airs "Yes, I've got to talk over some busi
rav- ness with Mlrs. Jones."
"Maria, dear, I don't want you to
speak to Jones. I think a man who
behaves as he does is -not fit company."
ipe "My dear, Mrs. Jones is the presi
cry. dent of the new transcontinental rail'
mted road, and I've got to keep in with her."
way At last the play is over. The crowd
troops out.
mu' "Maria!"
'his "What, dear?"
re "Let us have some oystqrs."
"I think you'd better n eat so late,
mhn. John."
to "But I'm hungry." .
sine "Very well, dear. You can have
ted, some ice cream."
me. And Maria takes her husband to the
our restaurant, givres him some supper and
at it takes him home.
a. I And.Maria goes itosleep, little dream
avei ing the meek and humble husband b,.y
her side" is planning and sievelopin:
lf a a "new man" movement. - lostcm
Budget.
THE 130N0 CONTRACT.
Wisedm of the Adms3stratStloa the lie
Great Emsrgsner.
The secretary of the treasury has for T
some months enjoyed the distinction of dri'
being the worst abused man in the Cro
country. It is not a very pleasant po- mei
sition to occupy, but Itr. Carlisle has isa
maintained it with his customary dig- thil
nity, and, so far as the world knows, call
without serious disturbance to his lati
temper or digestion. pitt
Mr. Carlisle did not, of course, expect not
to satisfy his critics when he arranged V
the sale of the new-bond issue. It has tha
not astonished either him or his friends cisi
that the contract with the new syndi- tioi
cate has caused him to be denounced nal
by the republican and populist orators for
and press from Dan to Beersheba. He era
has too long been their target to care citb
for such firecracker artillery when he the
knows, and knows that the public tio
knows, he has done the best possible of
for his country. the
All the assaults made upon the gov- ha'
ernment have sought to establish two enc
things: That it was unpatriotic and un- yoi
Just to American citizens to sell the she
bonds to a foreign syndicate, and that the
they were sold at too low a price. Few eei
have the hardihood to say that they
should not have been issued. lat
Unquestionably it would be best to coi
place all loans with our own people, str
all things being equal. It is also true of
that a low price was realized for the sit
issue. cei
But every thoughtful man who eare- cir
fully examines into the condition of of
affairs must not only approve the sale me
abroad, but also the bargain made with ans
the great banking houses which took wc
the bonds. in
By the terms of the contract the mem- w:
bers of the syndicate obligated them- pr
selves to check the exportations of be
gold. The only way to do this is by
keeping down the rate of exchange, ca
both by importing gold and by the em- ho
ployment of such other means for in- da
fluencing the markets as lie in the pow- ce
er of the Morgans and Rothschilds and so
their associates who have great credits pa
abroad which may be drawn upon at w1
will. This is really the principal con- gc
sideration in the sale; it could have g,
been obtained from no other combina
tion, unless, perhaps, the associated fit
banks of New York could have been at
prevailed upon to enter into such an tr
agreement. It is unfortunate that they Ig
did not rise to the situation. The New hi
York clearing house is made up of to
an aggregation of financiers who have in
shown themselves equal to any great pi
emergency. While the Bank of Eng- s
land had to call upon the richer Bank vi
of France for assistance after the Bar- vi
ing crash, the New York clearing house tr
weathered the great financial storm of to
1893 wvithout soliciting a penny of help, di
and held up the whole country in so do- w
ang. had this great association desired
to help the government it could have
checked the gold run on the treasury m
long ago. The members have not cared
t to assume this patridtic duty, strained
relations having grown up between A
some of them and the secretary of the
treasury, who has acted as he thought
best independently of their wishes and a'
advice. Private pique influenced them
to such an extent that with over eighty- t
one million dollars in gold coin in their r
t vaults and with a further stock to ti
draw from of over five hundred million t,
dollars scattered over America, they l1
refused to spare one dollar to relieve c
the treasury. u
Under the circumstances MIr. Carlisle t$
made the best and wisest arrangement
possible. Knowing that no matter at ii
wd hat price the bonds might be sold in
this country the gold would be imme- t
diately withdrawn and again hoarded, a
he decided to treat with a syndicate
d that could not only furnish gold, but c
also give some reasonable guarantee of 1
its preservation for at least a time.
Only such houses as the Rothschilds
,and the Morgans could give this guar
antee.
There is no sufficient ground for sup
posing that the syndicate either cannot
or will not do much of what it has
is agreed to do. It can control hostile C
bankers, some of whom there must be,
l by indirect influences, and thus vir
tually secure the cooperation of the
, New York clearing house and the great
o continental and English banking in
e stitutions. The Rothschilds have
branches in all the great money cen
ters of the world-London, Vienna,
Paris, Brussels and Frankfort-and
thsough them can sell commercial bills
so as to keep down on the rate of ex
e change in favor of a country they are
helping. They have been doing this
." for nearly a hpndred years, and this
he they have no doubt agreed to do again,
if necessary, for the United States.
in From now on we shall be able to
at watch for the first time, at least in
many years, an intelligent manipula
tion of the money markets for a praise
,, worthy and patriotic purpose. We can
hardly see how the syndicato can fail
to preserve a satisfactory gold balance
in the treasury for many months.
There will undoubtedly be attempts to
Scut it down. Such a one was Russell
ee Sage's recent withdrawal of 8550,000
from the subtreasury and the efforts
eto force gold to a premium. But
these movements will almost necessar
, ily be individual efforts disconnected
and of little consequence when exerted
si- against the syndicate's influences. A
combination to bear the government's
credit would not be tolerated. The ex
he portation o* gold ceased as soon as an
y. intimation of the contract got abroad,
and there is no indication that it will
be resnmed,,though at a time of the
d ear wheon thae tide sets its strongest to
. If the syndicate do what ithosunder
take nthe value of such a service can
not be overestimated. The daily loss
to business under such conditions as
', prevailed during the great gold run
was far Iq excess of what the interest
on the bonds for a year would be. The
syndicate made the bond issue a suc
cess, and theflve millions or so it may
he make vill be fairly and honestly earnea.
ad When this administratiol and the
men who eorbpose it have passed into
m.history, it will be understood by all
Sthat ir. Carlisle and Mr. Cleveland
met the greatest emergency that has
arisen since the war with courage, pa
ct triotism and wisdom--Louisville Cor
er-TJourael. -
CONGRESS AND FINANCE.
Double Dealing Methods of Republibeas -
In the lloonse. sm
The administration cannot very well the
drive out the Fifty-third congress as spo
Cromwell drove out the ramp parlia- this
ment. For one thing, the constitution salt
is against it. Furthermore, there is in
this country a rooted prejudice against of
calling in musketeers to expedite legis- whi
lative proceedings. But it is a great gar
pity-at least in some respects. We do hoc
not say in all. wh<
When a house of representatives ton
that is overwhelmingly democratic de
cisively rejects a proposition the adop- son
tion of which would strengthen the tri
national treasury half a million a year sug
for thirty years, no doubt every demo
crat who is also a patriot and a good
citizen must for a moment chafe under spe
the restrictions of settled constitu- for
tional practice. "We have had enough wil
of this!" cried Cromwell, striding into
the middle of the chamber. "The Lord
hath done with you. I will put an
end to your prating. It is not fit that cel
you should sit here any longer. You cud
should give place to better men." And ble
they scuttled out before his musket- aU
Of course, we see that this was irreg- d
ular and foolish. One evil cannot be rol
corrected by another and more mon- go
strous. But the behavior of the house Le
of representatives in rejecting a propo- oft
sition toauthorizc.theissue of three per la
cent. gold bonds must, in the present II
circumstances, be set down as an act -
of such uncommon and unpatriotic ne,
madness as to call for the severest cen- po
sure the people can pronounce. There ini
would be a savage satisfaction in see- an
ing these false servants put out-al- inj
ways by some safe constitutional tin
process-if only their successors would Pu
be any better. sal
But what are we to infer from the sp
conduct, of the republicans in the Nc
house? Mr. Reed's behavior the other ye
day was plainly dishonest and insin- fir
cere. lie professed to support the te
sound-money resolution, and through an
partisanship or a worse motive did it nc
what harm. he could. This is not o1 fo
good augury for the republican con- sp
gress to come. se
Following this defeat of a sound
financial proposition, we may .expect c
attacks upon the gold-purchase con- to
tract just made by the administration. of
Ignorance and vice will cheerfully join v
hands in that business. It still seems of
to be a little difficult to convince even sc
intelligent persons that this contract
provides for something more than the w
sale of bonds. A study of its pro- sr
visions shows that it makes pro- u
vision not only for replenishing the c
treasury's stock of gold, but for pro- d
tecting it against all preventable n
drains. How efficient the protection is k
will probably appear. It might be t1
i well for-the too-ready critics to wait d
and see whether the government has S
V made a bad bargain.-N. Y. Times. b
M'KINLEY'S ERROR.
A Condition Brought About by ligb
e Tariff Leglalatton.
Gov. McKinley, of Ohio, the putative
d author of the McKinley bill, says the
a way to maintain the gold reserve in the
treasury is to stop the deficit in the l
r revenues. This is a strange proposi- b
° tion coming from that source. From
° the close of the war until the McKinley
y law became operative there was no defi- 1
e cit in the revenues. From that time
until the day the bill was repealed 8
e there was nothing else,
Lt At the close of Cleveland's first term'
t in the presidency, March 4, 1880, there
a was a surplus in the treasury of more
than one hundred million dollars, and
a revenue redundancy that excited the
e concern of the statesmanship of the
itcountry. But in 1890 the McKinley
law was enacted, and the condition
was changed. In three years the sur
is plus was exhausted, and instead, there
was a treasury deficit amounting to i
more than fifty million dollars. In
other words, the revenue deficit
amounted to more than fifty million
dollars a year under the McKinley law.
0 For Gow. McKinley to comment in
the language imputed to him in regard
to the revenue deficit is, therefore, to
le set him down as a montebank. Under
at the circumstances he should be modest
n- and silent. It does not lay in his
we mouth to censure anyone. Whatever
n- evils the treasury has encountered
a' in the last five years are attributable
Id to his bungling and to no other cause.
Is -Kansas City Times.
re OPINIONS AND POINTERS.
is
is -It is generally believed that Mr.
a, Reed has killed his presidential chances
by his course on the financial question
to in congress.-Wheeling Intelligencer
in (Rep.).
ia --We trust Tom Reed will stop
s dodging long enough to explain what
She means when he attributes to Mr.
ai Springer elastic thoughts on the cur
ee rency problem. - St. Louis Post-Dis
-Why grieve that American stock
all raisers have lost a trade of eighteen
O million dollars a year with France?
,1 The sugar trust still lives.-Chicago
hu Times
S-It is to be hoped Tom Reed's
ed neighbors in Maine will not be rude
ed enough to ask him leading questions
A about his financial views. - Chicago
it's Record.
ex- -There is an imnprmession that the
an political difficulties of Thomas B. Reed
a, are not entirely disagreeable to his de
ill voted friend€; Willbam McKinley.
he Brooklyn Eagle.
to -Mr. Boutelle's red hair is the
only assurance that Maine can now
ler- give the country that she keeps a
an plumed knight in stock. Reed'sfeather
ss is white.-St. Louis Republic.
-a-What would be the state of our
an financial affairs to-day had the admin
eat istration neglected to make this (bond)
rhe bargain, depending on congress to pro
m- vide for the needs of the treasury?-N.
say Y. Post.
eo. -That the sdministration should
the be charged with dishonesty in the
nto transaction efected with the sixty-five
all million-dollar syndicate is an outrage
and not to be excusedby the utmost stretch
of allowance for partisan or faction
mP al hostility.-Philadelphia ,Telegraph
(Rep.).
USEFUL AND SUGGESTIVE. SE
-A Left Over.-Cut cold veal into
small pieces. Add half a pint of milk, The
three eggs, a spoon of butter, two
spoons of flour. Sift bread crumbs
thickly over it, season with pepper and
salt, and bake in a deep dish. ur
-Poor Man's Pudding.-Two quarts
of new milk, four tablespoonfuls of
whole rice, four tablespoonfuls of su
gar and one of cinnamon. Hake two Th
hours. Stir. carefully a few times who
when it is first put in the oven.-Boe- thei
ton Budget. He e
-For a short, hard cough, if, as ever
sometimes happens, one must be in grip
trim for the role of hostess, somebody kille
suggests to boil a sliced lemon in white ties
sugar until it forms a thick candy; a does
spoonful of this decoction taken every him
fifteen minutes for an hour or two be- with
fore the necessity for talking conies
will stop the cough and clear the voice able
very satisfactorily. trea
-Fried Cakes, with three eggs (ex- he a
cellent).-Bleat three eggs, add one tina!
cupful of granulated sugar, four ta- was
blespoonfuls of melted butter and one had
quart of flour sifted with three round- Pin]
ed teaspoonfuls of baking powder. ay
These should be as soft as can be easily day
rolled. Roll one-half inch thick. Very gag
good with two eggs and yolks of two. sied
Let them stand awhile on the board oni
ofter cutting out, and then drop in the tab
lard with the upper side down.-Good sue
Housekeeping. his
-Deviled Kidney-Split a beef's kid- ° al
ney into halves, remove all the white mol
portion and tubes. Throw the kidney you
into cold water, bring to boiling point o
and drain, cover again, bring to boil- Pill
ing point and drain. Do this three I]
times. Then chop the kidney fine. and
Put a tablespoonful of butter into a cte
saucepan and brown, then add a table- hin
spoonful of flour and brown again. afl
Now add half a pint of st)ock, chop the T
yolks of two hard-boiled eggs rather aP
fine and add to the mixture, and half a inc
teaspoonful of salt and a liberal wo
amount of red pepper. Put the kid- for
I neys into this and stand over hot water tw<
for about thirty minutes. Add a table• wth
- spoonful of Worchestershire sauce and sPc
serve.-N. Y. Ledger. nes
-Whole YWheat l:read.-Scald one pai
cup of milk; turn into a bowl; add one l
teaspoonful of butter, one teaspoonful we
of sugar. one of salt, and one cup of an
D water; when lukewarm, add one-half wt
5 of a yeast cake, which has been dis
solved in a half cup of lukewarm po
t water. Stir in three cups of whole or
a wheat flour and beat until light and in
- smooth. Let rise over night. In the
morning, when ligh', add two or three
e cups of flour, or enough to make a soft
dough. Knead well, and be careful
a not to add ' too much flour in the
S kneading. White flour can be used for
0 the kneading, if desired. Let the
It dough rise until it doubles its bulk. to
A Shape it into loaves; put in greased cl
bread tins, let rise again, and bake C
forty-five minutes in a moderate oven. -T
-Ohio Fa-tmer.
- -Chicken Pie.-A large, year-old
fowl is best. Cut it up and stew in
plenty of water till tender, but not
.a broken. Make a crust with one cup of
`a lard or one cup half butter and half "
lard, two cups sweet milk and four ta
* blespoonfuls baking powder. Sift the
n baking powder twice through a large
quart of flour, mix in the.shortening A
lightly, leaving it lumpy. stir in the
e flour and mold with the hands as little f
as possible in order to roll. Cover the
bottom and sides of a four-quart pan,
put an inverted teacup in the center 01
r and lay around it the chicken. I)redcg
0 with flour, pepper and salt to taste. d
Dot generously with butter, fill up the ti
e pan with the broth, cover with crust fi
0e and bake in a hot oven.-M-rs. Board- p
man.
rn d
NO USE FUSSING.
re -
to He Had to HIang and She Thought He e
In Would Be Just as Well Off.
It I sat in the sheriff's office talking ii
)n with him about a man in his charge a
v. who was to be hanged three days later, g
In when a woman was announced, and in a
rd walked a female who had passed fifty.
to Her face was wrinkled, her hair thin
er and white, and her voice seemed to
st come out of a reed as she asked:
as "lev yo' got a man in yere prison
er named Thomas Jackson?"
ad "Yes'm," remarked the oflicial.
loe "Did he kill somebody about three
-. months ago?"'
"lie did, ma'am."
"And has he bin tried for murder and
sentenced to be hung?"
1r. "lie is to be hung.Friday, ma'am.
es "lie is, eh?" she queried, as she took
on a pipe from her pocket and proceeded I
er to fill and light it. "Ar' yo' the man
who is goin' to hang him?"
op "I shall have to carry out the law."
tat "Yaas, of co'se. Folks hey got to be
fr. hung and we hev got to hev other
Or folks to hang 'erm. Ilow does Tom b'ar
is* up under it?"
"Very well, indeed, ma'am. I think
ek he will die like a man."
en "He wvill, eh? TVell, that's more'n
e? he ever lived. Tom allus been mighty
go onery."
"Are you a relative?"
d's "Used to'be his wife, but done left
ide him. Yaas, lived with Tom fur six
ns teen y'ars."
go "And you have come to say farewell
to him?"
he "No, sir. I'm on my way to Collins
ed ville, and thought I'd just run in fur a
de- minit. No, I don't care to see him, but
.- you kin say I called."
"Yes'm."
the "And that I'm sorry he's to be
ow hung."
Ia "Yes'm."
her "But that as long as he's got to be
hung, and can't get out of it, there
our han't no use of fuasin' round."
An- "Yes'm."
ad) "If he axes for anything mo' yo' kin
pr say that I'm well, our boy Sam ar well,
-N. the dawg ar' dead, and I've jest put in
two acres of co'n, and am gettin' ready
mid to go to camp meetin' next week.
the That's all. Some folks hey got to be
Ivoe hung, and other folks hey to hang 'em,.
agc and Tom Jackson might jest as well be
etch puttin' in his time on the gallus as
lon loafin' around and wishin' he was
aph rich."-Memphis Avalanch.
SERVED IN TWO WARS.
The Grip Almost Won Where the
Bullet Failed.
Our Bympathles Always Enlisted ia the
nfarmlttes of the Veteran.
(From the Beratd, Woodaq$ek, Va.)
There is an old soldier in Woodstock, Vsa.
who served in the war with Mexico and ia
the war of the rebellion, Mr. LeviMclnturt.
He passed through both these wars with
out a serious wound. The hardships, how
ever, told seriously on him, for when the
grip attacked him four years ago it nearly
killed him. Who can look on the infirml
ties of a veteran without a feeling of the
deepest sympathy! His townspeople saw
him confined to his house so prostrated
with great nervousness that he could not
hold a knife and fork at the table, carcely
able to walk too, and as he attempted it, he
often stumbled and foll. They saW him
treated by the best talent to be hbad-but still
he suffered on for four years, and gave up
finally in despair. One day, however, he
was struck by the account of a cure which
bad been effected by the use of Dr. Williams'
Pink Pills. He immediately ordered a
box and commenced taking them. H.
says he ,was greatly relieved within three
days' time. The blood found its way to his
fingers and his hands which bad been pal
sled assumed anaturalcolor, and he was soon
enabled to use his knife and fork at the
table. He has recovered his strength to
such an extent that he is able to chop wood,
shock corn and do his regular work about
his home. He now says he can not only
walk to Woodstock, but can walk acrossthe
mountains. He is able to lift up a fifty-two
pound weight with one hand and says he
does not know what Dr. Williams' Pink
Pills have done for others, but knows that,
they have done a great work for him.
Hte was in town last Monday court day:
and was loud in his praises of the medicine
that had given him so great relief. He par
chased another box and took it home with
him. Mr. Mclnturff is willing to make
affidavit to these facts.
SThe proprietors of Dr. Williams' PinkPiUs
r state that they are not a patent medicinebut
a prescriptton used for many years by anem
Sieant practitioner wrho produced the most
1 wonderful results with them, curing al*,
forms of wveakness arising from a vateale
condition of the blood or shattered nervs.
two fruitful causes of almost every ill to"
which flesh is heir. The pills are also a
i specific for the troubles peculiar to females,
such as suppressions, all forms of weak
ness, chronic constipation, bearing dow..
e pains, etc., and in ithe case of men will -give
e speedy relief and effect a permanent cdre in
all cases arising from mental worry, over'-.
work, or excesses of whatever atur . Thaey
f arc entirely harmless and an be given.to
if weak and sickly children with the greatest
good and without the slightestdangaer. Pink
ills are sold by all dealers, or will be sent
ni post paid on receipt of price, (50 cents aboa
e or six boxes for $2J.5O--they are never sold
d in bulk or by the 103) by addressing Dr.
Williams' Medicine Company, Schenectady,
N.Y. __.. -
ft PERSONAL MENTION.
WAsHmINToN was six feet two Inahe
e in height.
r V. W. FULLER, of Durham, N. C.,
to receive a salary of $50,000 a year
d chief attorney of the American To
e company, of New York. He is a son ad
. Judge T. C. Fuller of the United Sta
court of private land claims.
d Tan Geological society of Lo o
in has conferred the Bigsby medal uponl
o Prof. Charles WV. Walcott, director ot
of the United States geological survey, in
lf recognition of important services rent
a- dered by him to geology and paleon-
Stology.
GEORGE GOULD admits that his sistes
a Anna and Count Castellane are en
jI gaged. It appears that this is Anna's
lc fourth engagement. She was com
he pelled to do considerable shopping be
n, fore finding a title to match the color
or of her money.
ge CHAnLEs A. COLLIRE, president and
Le. director-general of the Cotton exposi
he tion to be opened at Atlanta, Ga., next
ist fall, is a successful business man of 47.1
.d- He is the son of one of the Atlanta pio
neers, and had experience in the coni
duct of the Piedmont exposition in 1887.;
Da. HIELRN WEnSTER, Of .Wellesley
college, is the only woman who ever
earned the title of doctor of philosophy.o
She went to Germany and literally 'on,
n It by bard, unremitting labor. She iq
ge a calm-mannered woman, with iron.
ar, gray hair, and a face full of strengt
in and determination.
ty. Dn. JAnr STRONG, of Cleveland, O.j
'i who has just died, was one of the most
to noted insanity experts in the country.
Hle had been for a number of years su
on perintendent of the Newburg (0.) ina
sane asylum. He was one of the govs
ernment's expert witnesses at the trial
ree of Guitean.
MOMENTS WITH JUSTICE.
RAY.oND A. Kinourr is a farmer od
Columbia county, O. He and his wifel
ok had a little tiff, and she refused to cooud
led his meals. On this ground he is suing,
ian for a divorce.
A CHICAGO lawyer generously gave
tv" his betrothed a three-hundred-dollar:
be diamond ring. A quarrel led to a sep.
her aration, and now he has brought suit
ar to recover the ring.
Tun supreme court of Indians has
ink decided that it is unlawful for a woman
in that state to hold a saloon license,
e'n and no debt contracted by a woman In
hty that business is valid.
JUDOGE ROGER A. PRYOR, Of New
York, remarks sarcastically that the
Smarriage service should be amended so
as to read: "'IIusband and wilto until
death or divorce do uis part."
el TuE Ingham county (Mich.) circuit
court concerned itself two days, Mon
ns- day and Tuesday, in a litigation involv
ir a ing a calf, valued at eighteen dollars
but Wednesday and Thursday the eour*
settled a sheep case, where the differ
ence between the parties was Afty
be cents.
DAME FASHION'S GOdSIP.
ere War used to be called the "L]g.
try knot" has been revived in har&re
kin Loxe capes of chinchilla are ·ira:
rell, by some of the leaders of fashion In
t in London.
ady TIxn "·apoleon craze" will be Ilu s
eek. tinrated in some spring and um
a be fashions.
em -IT is a good signl of the tiniethis:
Il ho women are getting back to coi :
a as sense shoes.
was FIA~saoSnAL education
elude the abil.ty - to dtete~
- agqhna_~ -~- - -