you act .eep
pw teegd . ltWI
An Awful alas.
rMm'ilk. Doolan-It's too g;p _yea are fe
r` ;itlk, Norah Foley, anice fez won th' m
' hic1e in th' tin-hint rame, but if thim th
iat yer ouldýmaha pasta O'm a uagur. w
Walle'. weekly. of
A RLttle Hard oe Pa. di
Don't you think the baby looks like o=
s, der?" asked the proud father.
y-e-.," replied the mother, can
aously, "when it's getting ready to
."-Washington Star. et
A Slip.
Higbee-Do you think I will ever have cs
rlatrouble again, doctor? aU
Dr. Doem-No; I leave town next mi
Peek. -Puck. Ic
Bat Not Ouite.
'acts are almost as stubborn as
home people.-Life.
Wouio you kill the weoeds in your gar. b
-Gen plantitwith good seed; if the ground b
be -ell occupied there will be lees need of tl
.s .bhoe.-A. Fuller.
11
Nerves
and a
Blood
Are inseparably connected. The fore
user depend simply, solely, solidly t
apon the latter. If it is pure they are
properly ted and there is no "nervous
mness." If itIs impure they are fed on )
refuse and the horrors of nervous I
prostration result. Feed the nerves on
-pure blood. Make pure blood and keep
it pure by taking
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier.
Hood's Pills the afiter-" L pill and t
The Greatest Medical Discovery i
of the Age. s
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.,
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every 1
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula i
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor.) He has now in his 1
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Poston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
When the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected It causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
Ing stopped, and always disappears In a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
Se. Sold by all Druggi ts.
}Ruth and
"iThe DeLONG
Patent Hook
and Eye.
See that
hump?
DRESSMAKERS
FIND THE ONLY
S ORIGINAL
K DESIGNS
PUBLISHEED
In This Country
-zN
IL'At de La Mode,
And all the most re
liable information on
the qltion of dress.
Order of your News
dealer or send 85 Cena
si m a..s., t for the last Number.
.HE MORSE-BROUGHTON CO.,
8 Smmll 1.t1  b *eet,
stA It e ame rm rwa. NEW L YORK.
PI~ERIAI,
iRANUM
abcn the digestion
AK and no FOOD
seems to nourish. Tryit
| seems impossible to
-kep FOOD t stomachl
Itle: Er..m . TE eYWIE
.--- iI -
~hes fe gubain
hARAND PtLANTEerL
ammerelsl nertnsers Ve Tistease s Ut
acre. Hi
Sthe iaitroduction of commrieiiSis'
Sfertizers;, .,here has existed in the
minds of many farmers a doubt as ta ide
the value of a cord of stable mnantirt ata
when compared with the market pries fa,
of commercial fertilizers, and farmenrs its
differ widely on this subject; while tng
one believes stable manure to be worth the
eight dollars per cord, another does not t,
believe it worth half that sanlm,and ho
will buy commercial fertilizers in pref- th
erence. even when he can by the mha hay
nure at four dollars per cord. of I
Why this difference of opinion9 -1 the
cause there is a great difference int the
action of commercial fertilizers and has
I stable manure that is too often o - Fie
looked. The moment the farmer com
mences to use concentrated fertilizers
that moment he has entered upon a
work that requires a higher intelli- ne2
gence to enable him to use it to the seo
best advantage than it does to use sta- the
I ble manure. There are so many vari- ad
Stions to be considered in using com- t
mercial fertilizers that without intel- if
ligent application the result will me
be entirely uncertain. In the law
first place, commercial fertilisers hit
are in a concentrated form and in
are made up of materials, some we
of which are very quick acting and it
others very slow, some of which are vet
soluble in water, some are not. In the Ni
second place, there is a great differ- at
ence in the composition of these fer- he
tilizers; one may be made up witha an'
r large percentage of potash and asmall xis
n percentage of nitrogen; another may ho
a have a small percentage of potash and o
a a large percentage of nitrogen, and thi
still another may have a large per
centage of phosphoric acid with a acs
very small percentage of either nitro- in
gen or potash; and, finally a fertilizer foi
may be made so as to contain a large e01
percentage of both phosphoric acid yik
and nitrogen, but both so locked up pO
with other materials that the plants Po
will be able to get but small portions ag
of them for several years after the fer- po
tilizer has been applied.
Thus it will be seen how important
Sit is that. whatever fertilizersare to be A
applied, in buying them enough intel- ht
ligence should be used to ascertain not di
only whether they contain phosphoric er
acid, potash and nitrogen in proper er
proportions needed for the particular- hI
crops to be grown, but also to ascer
, tain whether these substances are in a
fn form to be available for plant-food at
ry the time they may be wanted by the
ia growing crop. If-a crop of Indian corn ar
is to be grown without anything but th
d commercial fertilizers it would not w
es be wise to buy all superphosphate. hi
is because the plant-food in it. being sol- lx
Suble n water, it would be immediate- ki
ly available for plant-food and it at
li would form a growth of leaves and uu
d stalks in the first part of the season at v
the expense of the grain at the last b
es part; but if ground bone and muriate o'
ig of potash be applied, two parts of the rc
or former to one of the latter, a more N
e- equal growth would be obtained, be- cc
cause the ground bone would slowly n1
'in advance the plant-food, and at the time S1
wanted by the growing grain would be 91
at in good condition to furnish just what MI
it. the crop would need. S(
When stable manure is applied, the q
farmer does not have to exercise so
much judgment because the manure
contains the different elements of
plant-food in fair proportions, and o
while some of it is immediately avail- b
able for plant-food, much of it is not; :
but it advances and furnishes plant- ,
food though the growing season as the ,
crop may need it, providing the sea- a
sou be a good one, and a sufficient BI
qu ntity of manure be applied. But d
there is another difference between ,
commercial fertilizers and stable ma- It
nure that is very often overlooked, yet k
it is of very great importance; that b
is, its action on the soil while in the b
process of decomposition; it generates is
a large amount of carbonic acid gas; t
this, or some other substance that is ft
liberated during the progress of dc- i1
composition, no donbt acts on the soil d
to an extent that liberates considera
ble quantities of plant food that be
fore had been locked up in the soil, so
that, although a cord of manure con
tains nitrogen, ph.ysphoric acid and
potash worth less than three dollars,
the action of the manure on the soil
liberates from it enough more of the 0
elements to me-ke it worth on many C
soils at least twice three dol
lars; but there are some soilsb
that have bocn so decomposedt
that they have become so deficient in t
both phospheric acid and potash that
whatever may be applied to them but n
little more can be extracted; on such f
soils concentrated fertilizers can be a
applied with more profit than barn
manure. v
S Commercial fertilizers are very use
ful and may be applied with advan- II
tage to many crops, but, as a rule, the
common farmer had better use them r
re- sparingly, in connection with barn
on manure, until hie learns the powersof a
Sdifferent qualities and the wants of
am each particular field to be planted and i
crop to be grown.-Southern Farm.
SFARM LIFE.
K. Whle Not a IUed of Roses It Has Its Brlght
Side.
That the average farmer's life is not '
exactly a bed of roses few will deny.
ut t at it has its brighlt side is not to
Sbe disputed. Among the advantages C
held by the farmer over any other
laboring class may be mentioned his
independence. WVith his comfortable I
dwelling, well-filled barns and cellar,
thie modern fa:rmer is absolutely the
most independent of human beings.
Financial questions which the nation
may be worrying itself about affect
him but little. Labor strikes, which
involve thousands of dollars and near- I
ly all classes of men, pass him by nn- I
hIeeded.
It is impossible to find another busi
ness or profession which is less de
pendent upon the patronage or favor
of others. lie knows that if he raises
more of any kind of produce than he
requires for his own use, he will be i
able to dispose of it, because his prod
nets are the necessities of life. In 1
place of being dependent upon others,
he has the satisfaction of knowing 1
that th,.e world is dependent up
on ht l independence is shown I
S-~ heor forms. Ie is not
Se eled as many others are to I
rise at a certain hour and labor a
certain number of hours each day un
-ck der tl directions of others utUil he
beosP sLmply a piece ofat machinury, i
---wli fh albnght or feeding of hiS
-ow,. U::st, lastead, his worW0l kI' -i
Ke: b a jMak ai) e~6 wire ,
Neither Isb h wrria&edi the fear of
losing his aitnatiom, ai-s many ' one
who isa. employied by ohr~ ti bounid -
to be' at oe ::time pr anotlair 1 see
His position is seeraij pndihe knoWs ha
thit width s ais measos, his weoo u mllse
Isde ofssued Locking at the brightY ,
side of firm •lif" tom andtbet gIs
astaldipointt No tise ever passed finea .g
farm in mnidsummer sad did not envy
is ts owner. The.plicturesque surround- T
t ag, the well kept fields and pastures, .uI
the fine horses and sleek cattle, the hag
general peace and prosperity which ow
hover over a well-appolnted farm. At car
this season, however. inspired poets s
' have caused many men in other walks 4
of life to become farmers, and many of Dpi
the wrecks along the country roadside m
e ware caused by men who had better ow
d have 'emained in other walks of life.- t
Field and Farm.
cCloVer for fr ose.
a "Cure some clover for the bogs to eat po0
j. next winter. Cut it when in full blos- to
o som and put it where it can be had, so Ja
. the hogs can be foddered with it twice *
. a day. My hogs will almost winter on __
a- it. They will eat it as hay, or better, as,
.if cut and wetted'with a little bran or set
it meal put on it. A corn' man may Sb
e laugh at my notion, but I will beat sag
. him in pigs in the spring and in profits she
d in the fall." This suggestion is het
a worthy of a trial, especially as or
d it seems reasonable. At a con
.t vention of Wisconsin dairymen,
O Mr. Stephen Faville gave a most in- the
_ structive address about clover, which the
r- he considers the "dairy man's sheet col
a anchor." Among the other points in- to
Selisted on was the wisdom of puttingn '
, hogs on clover pasture in summer. lie
A surprised the convention by asserting wa
id that more pounds of pork can be made 4
-. from one acre of clover than from an 1
a acre of corn. The proof he submitted ar
o In support of this statement was as die
tr follows: Fifty bushels of shelled sis
re corn would be fully an average
id yield per acre, and twelve pounds of e
, pork for a bushel of corn (fifty-six
ts pounds) would be fully up to the aver
, age. That would give six hundred &,
r. pounds for the acre of corn. An acre elf
of good'clover will pasture eight bogs tr
from the time clover starts in till fall. pr
A fair feeder of a hog weighing one wE
_l- hundred pounds, on being turned out In
ot in the spring, will gain another hun- 01
io dred pounds by fall, without any oth- de
er er feed than clover. That would be of
eight hundred pounds, as against six g0
hundred pounds of corn.-Southern hb
a Farm. S
at Shippers of voe Poultry.
he Shippers should see that the coops
rn are in good condition before using, so
at that they are not liable to come apart
lot while in transit, as they are roughly
Le. handled sometimes. The coops should
ol- be high enough to allow whatever
te- kind of poultry is shipped room to m
it stand up. Low coops should not be
nd used, it not alone being cruel, but a
at great deal of poultry is lost every year
ast by suffocation. Coops should not be
ate overcrowded. In shipping hens and
be roosters they should be kept separate. o
)re Nothing depreciates the value of a fine w
be. coop of hens as much as to have a c
rly number of old cocks among them. °o
me Shippers often wonder why they don't e
be get the highest market price for their h
aat stock. In most eases this is the rea
son. Good stock always commands a o
he quick sale at best prices.-Prairie t
so Farmer. k
o;
ire Good Batter. ti
of The writer spent the day at the house t,
nd of an old farmer, who ridiculed modern s,
1il- butter-making. The churning took b
ot; place before breakfast, and- at that ti
t- meal the butter on hot biscuits and y
he waffles was good enough for a king; at ti
ea- dinner it was not so good, but fair; at cn
snt supper it had a puffy consistence in- t,
lut dicative of rank fermentation; next ii
en morning at breakfast it was disgust- a
na- ing. If you have good milk and s1
ret keep it uncontaminated you can't make
fat bad butter; but you can make good
he butter that will become bad before it
tes is thirty hours old. What the market
as; wants is butter that will keep for a
is few days, and to make it it is absolute- o
de- ly necessary to know how, and then to t
oil do accordingly.-Farm and Ranch.
be- HERE AND THERE. P
a
so -Tihe Berkshires are called the best e
nd general purpose hog for the south. l
r -Look over the beds and remove at ii
iou dead flowers. Keep carpet beds in neett
the order with shears. Always pincl v
any coleus by hand.
lol. -There was little marked difference
,ls between budded and seedling trees in t
sed their resistance of the cold, according I
in to Florida Farmer. t
lnat -It is claimed that watermelon <
but makes the choicest vinegar of any B
ich fruit or vegetable. Evaporated it c
be makes first iclass sirup.
arn -Gather the seed from the choicest
varieties of annuals and perennials as I
ase- it ripens, carefully labeling and stor. r
an- ing away to sow later.
the I-Cotton hull ashes and .dissolved
em rock or muriate of potash and rock
am will, in connection with cowpeas, give
sof a good rotation of plant food.
a of -A grower in Georgia has succeeded
and in producing watermelons without
seeds. Jt is regarded as a great dis
covery,'the parent of a great race.
-In the annual report of the Louis
iana station farmers interested man sheep
breeding are advised to cross a Merino
not ram on native sheep to "elothe all nu
ny. ked places with wool," and then to
tto cross Southdown or Shropshire bucks
ges on these lambs.
her -The Florida Fruit Grower says:
his "We have the remarkable spectacle of
able pineapple growers actually plucking
lar, off the immature fruit from their
the plants, in this year of scarcity, in or
ags. der to develop to the highest pitch the
tion production of the more profitable suck
feet ers."
aich -A sow should be kept in a good
ear- thrifty condition whether she farrows
un- two litters or one. There is no occa
sion at any time in making her fat.
usi- Liberal feeding, s 'th good develop
de. ment of bone and muscle, is what she
vor needs and must have it the most is
ises made out of her.
lhe -A rotation suggested by the
i be Louisiana station foroimproving worn
rod- out farms is as follows: Corn followed
In by oats, then cowpeas and cotton-the
ers, cowpeas being fed on the ground or
ring plowed under. The restoration of the
up- land will, of course, be much more
>wn rapid if fertilisers of some sort be used.
not -A wrLter in Home and Farm gives
to this advice: Savi all your straw, for it
ra has a great feed value, and a horse or
un- cow can be wintered in good condition
, he. th straw only for the rough feed, if
y, the grain ~food is.braun and oilpasl in
ited of ewarn, and often the. can be
.ed~ , as eoau aw-f1 . *.  , es, .
hears ndm. ~ao tia, etroe, . f ub - an,
• eI .. as ert eas adn asay. a astigh- ow
I L hst stunes uie gtarfwll ,al toP -fr the ar
i ind sad frieamy In s tmes tohsas meat- -.s
ateed is asesifo ilwseea jlmit
h8be i a la 4eartse friend, a atural the
sares, and sajelliaget and aedbelady. up I
To a reportsr-ahe recessly talke at some 6"I
.leagth about Dr. Wiliame' Pink Pils, gi. Des
Ia some very iatessesting iastences I er Jam
eowe immedite knowledge ofn martueloes
Surae, and the tniversal btenelbc of the wha
e medy to thase who had used it. met
u "I have reason to kpw," said Mrs. e- thr
I Dbnals, "setltlag of the worth of this Wil
i medicae fer tasbeendemonstrsatediamy O
Sowaismediat! family. My daughter Kit- has
Stie is attendiý hih school, and has never the
bees very strong since she bega. I sup- hi
pou she sadiedl hard, sad sh eha quite a ha
distance to go every day. When the small
I pox broke out A.of the school children had- bw
to be vaecinated. I took her over to Dr. wa
Jameson sad he vaccinated her. I naver
saw such anarm in my lite and tle doctor as I
said heever did. he was broken out on ,
her shouldersad bchk and was justs sick
as he could be. To add to -t all aewngi s
r set In, sad the poor child was in misery.
She is saturally of a nervous temperament mo
t ad shb suffered most awfully. Even after
s she recovered the neuralaa did not leave
a her. Stormy days or days that were damp the
or preceded a storm, she could not go out at quo
all. She was pale and thin, and had no ap
petits.
"I have foergotten lust who told me abonut
u the Pink Pills, but I got some for her and
Sthey .oured her right up. she has a nice mi
ot color in her face, eats and seep . wel hs
Sto school every day, and is anL stron
in every particular. I have never hemrd of
e asything to build up the Mood to compare
with Pink Pills. I shall always keep them
in the house sad recommend them to mi
e aeighbors."
n Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People yo
d are considered an unfailing speelf in such
is diseases as locomotor itaxia, partial paral -
Ssis, St. Vitus' dane,- olatica5 uauralgia, ane
e rheumatism, nervous headache, the after fa
, effects of ls grippe, palpitation of the heart, T
Spale sand sallow oomplexions, that tired feel- sm
ing resulting from nervous prostration; all an
diseases resulting from vitlatedihumors in sa
the blood, such as scrofula chronic erysip- sat
r elas, etc. They are also a specific for hi
ps troubles peculiar to females, such as sup
1. pressions, Irregularities, and all forms of lar
1e weakness. In men they effect a radical cau de
t in all cases arising from mental worry,
n overwork, or excesses of whatever nature. ma
Dr. Wiliams' Pink Pills are sold by all
dealers, or will be sent post paid on receipt sin
e of price (.0 cents a box or six boxes for po
Lx 3.50-they are never sold in bulk or by 100)
'n by addressing Dr. Williams' Medicine o.,* ga
Schenectady, N. Y. do
pa THE OYSTER.
Several Ecellent Methods of Ceookng the
SPopular Bivalve.
ld With the early days of September
more seen in the market, and the fol
lowing are a few excellent modes of se
a preparing the popular bivalve for the he
ar table: sh
obe STB BSUm. sli
ad Oyster bisque is delicious One pint th
. of chicken or veal stock (the liquor in
me which chickens have been boiled is ex- be
a cellent for this purpose); one pint of of
n. oysters, one cup of milk, two eggs,
a't salt, pepper, chopped parsley, one pl
air heaping cup of bread crumbs and one
a- great spoonful of butter rubbed in one
of flour. Strain the stock and set over
ie the fire with the crumbs in a farina to
kettle. In another vessel heat the `
oyster liquor, and when it simmers add
the oysters chopped fine; cook all
Ise twenty minutes. In a third vessel 68
rn scald the milk, stir into this the floured hi
ok butter, boil up sharply and pour upon
oat the beaten eggs; set in hot water while
nd you turn the oysters and liquor into
at the kettle containing the stock and T
at crumbs and cook together before put- N
In' ting in the parsley and other season
xt ing. Finally pour in milk and eggs, n
st- after which the soup must not boil, but b
nd stand in hot water three minutes. i
he Serve promptly in a hot tureen. I
(l PANNED OYSTEBS. fr
it For panning oysters in the following si
cet way, use patty pans, scallop plates or
ra small, deep china saucers. Cut pieces
t' of thin toast to f11il the bottom, butter il
to them well, pour a tablespoonful of
well-seasoned oyster juice unon each
piece, dip the oysters in their liquor ti
and put a double layer of them upon o
sat each piece of toast. Place a morsel of u
butter upon the top, put all into a bak- n
al ing pan, cover and set in a quick oven P
ag to bake eight or ten minutes. Serve e
aci with small bits of lemon to each pan. V
A LUXCHEOY DISH.
ace A tasty dish for luncheon is made
in thus: Upon a very finue wire gridiron
ing place some slices of salt pork cut very b
thin; on each slice lay a good-sized
Ion oyster or two small ones; broil, and g
ny serve hot with fried parsley, coffee,
it crisp toast and chopped cabbage.
oGtLeD OYSTba . t
est To grill oysters have the griddle
as heated some time before using. When e
or. ready, juet touch the griddle all over d
with butter or fat bacon tied up in a
Ted clean whiterag. Lay the oysters care
mkc fully on tne hot surface with a spoon
ile and turn with a spoon. The whole
secret of good grilled as well as
led panned oysters is to have them dry as
at dry can be before cooking.
i. DEVILED OYSTE'RS.
To devil oysters take fifty blanched e
is oysters, four ounces of butter, one t
sep tablespoonful of flour, one tablespoon- t
ino ful of fine cracker dust, one salt-spoon
na ful salt, one half tablespoonful dry i
to mustard. Rub the butter and flour to
eksa smooth cream. Put the juice of the t
oysters into a sauce pan. Set over a t
clear fire, stir in the butter and flour, t
s add the other ingredients, with the ex- 1
ug ception of the oysters, and bring to a 4
eir boil; then put in the oysters, take off
or- the fire, let stand a minute, and pour t
the into a hot tureen and serve.
Lck IN TEx SHELL.
To devil oysters in their shells, select
ood large ones and when opened keep them
ws in their deep shells with their liquor.
ea- Place the shells on a gridiron, season
fat with cayenne pepper and salt, placing
lop- asmall piece of butter on the top of
she each oyster. Have your fire bright
itis and a few minutes will snusce to cook
them.
the Chopped oysters and cecumbers in 1
r. mayonnaise is served with fish.
wed Fried oysters make a garnish for
the baked fLsh. They should be fried per
I or fectly brown on both sides and be ar
the ranged around the fish on the platter.
lore osRan JALAD.
S Cut a quart of oysters into bits, mix
Ives them with two-thirds as much blanched
r it tender celery, also cut, not chopped.
Sor Put in a glass dish and pour over it a
Lion good mayonnaise dressing and serve
i, f immegiltely. Until the oysters and
in olery a pas mixed. keep both ip very
th b·=te"l~~ l~-dft
i cantering ht o*f roat*er tyn ORhi .
eayuse and -more than one rena
Show sinlr it was- that he was -n
p armed. e hitehed his horne tol post
" In front of the Big Elk saloon and had
jiust dlppearea within the door of
I the shanty when's a man eame running
uap a4exzclalinds
"Boys that's tbhe sheriff over at
Deadwpd;, and lie's comce for Wild
a We crowded into the saloon to see
l what would happen. There were five
men playing poker at "one table and
three at another. One of the men was
i Wild Jim; asho was wanted-for murder.
r Oa entering the place the sheriff had
baelked up against the bar and faced
r the players. Wild Jim had leaped to qu
his feet and pulled a gun with either
Shand, and the other players leaned
{ back and looked around to see what 1
was going on. ms
r "After me, Joe?" queried Wild Jim, t
r as he stood with guns presented. li
a "Yes."
i "Going to take me dead or alive?" ti
a "Yes."
" "'You can't take me alive, and if you the
r move a hand I'll drop you!"
e The sheriff smiled and looked around
p the room and back at Wild Jim and
hi queried: or
i. "How does the game stand, Jim?"
"I've just dealt a hand." tal
; ""All right-finish it."
d Wild. Jim sat down and took ive sai
* minutes to play out the hand. Then It
, he looked up and said:
S"Sure yodt want me, Joe?' To
i "Dog-sure."
a - "Jest come for me?" 0'
I "Jest for you." a
"Then I'm goin' to kill you where lar
1 you stand!"
He raised his gun in his right hand on
and blazed away, firing six shots as I
fast as his finger could pull trigger.
. The sheriff never moved. When the wa
l- smoke had rolled out of the open door Yc
ill and we could see him he stood in the
In same position and his face wore the
P- same smile. One bullet had burned do
SI his cheek-a second had grazed his ear
-a third had cut through his shirt col
lar under the left ear. Wild Jim was a hi
n dead shot, and yet he had missed his its
e. man at fifteen feet.
all "Got through, Jim?"' asked the a
p1 sheriff, breaking a silence that was al
or positively painful. C'
0) "And you-you are not heeled!"
**s gasped Jim as his arm sank slowly an
down. Hi
"No-come on!"
"You didn't bring your guns!'"
e "No. If you are through shooting,
we'll go?"
Jim laid his two guns down on the lu;
cc table before him and walked to the
c1 door and out into the street. His horse bl
of was tied to a post a block away. He
he reached the horse, mounted and then
headed down the long street after the he
sheriff, who was giving him not the B4
slightest attention. In five minutes
ut the pair were out of sight. vi
in "What ailed Jim?" I asked of the
Y- bartender, who had come to the door
of of the saloon. I
"Lost his nerve," he brusquely re- ft
no plied.
ne "How do you mean?"
ne "Why, the sheriff coming without ' ,
'er gun and standing there to be shot a$ s1
na took all his sand away and made a
he woman of him."
,dd "Suppose the sheriff had had a gun?" t
all The man jerked his head toward the C
sel field wherein fifteen or twenty victims
ed had been buried and said:
on "He'd a-bin over thar'l"
lie "And will Wild Jim get clear?"
to "Likely, but he'll hey to leave here.
ud The boys her already put him down as y
nt- . G." h
m- At his trial for murder in Deadwood
R9 Wild Jim was discharged from custody,
mt but he went forth a changed man. No
es man took him by the hand-all men J
avoided him. Two weeks later he was
found dead in Custer City-a victim of
.ng suicide.--Detroit Free Press.
or 1T5
MILK AS A DIET.
esr
ter Its Nutrltlve (alltles Greatly Underti-h -
of matedl by the Public.
ich A medical man expresses the belief
for that i person could live for any length
pon of time and take heavy exercise all the
of while on no other food than sweet
ak- milk. His conviction is the result of
ren personal experience. lie wanted to
rye establish the fact that persons con
v. valescing from sickness may grow
stronger with no other nutriment than
de sweet milk, and that they are not
ron obliged to take "something solid" to
eat, as so many people imagine. He
ed holds that many a convalescent has
md gone into his grave as a result of over
ee, taxing his weak stomach by putting
"solid" food into it; and he maintains
that the old belief as to bread being
the first essential of humanlife is
d shown by his experiments to be
en erroneous. His test was to live thirty
ver days with only sweet milk as a nourish
a ment. In the whole time he lost five
Lre- and a half pounds in weight, but no
on strength. Hie even attributes the loss
ole of weight to the warmth of the weath
as er and to excessive exercises on the
as bicycle ando the daily-manipulation of
sixteen-pound dumbbells and other
heavy weights. He took more exer
hed else than usual, in order to test the
one thing fairly. On the seventh day of
on- the experiment he ran several fast
on- races with a skillful runner, and was
dry beaten in each race. On the thirtieth
rto day he again pitted himself against
the the same runner and did the best of
r 5the racing, which certainly would
cur, tend to confirm his statement that he
ex- lost no strenarth during the thirty
a day 's, test. He drank four pints of
of milk daily for thd last week. He
sour thinks a healthy person should take
about five pints of milk daily when no
other food is being taken. His prac
leot tice was to drink milk at intervals of
hem two hours during the day, commenc
no. Ing at seven o'clock in the morning
so and continuing until ten at night.
tn After that he would take no more
until next morning. - N. Y. Com
of mercial.Advertiser.
:ook Paternals Thaughtfilneaa.
Pretty Daughter (poutingly)-It's too
badt Here it is raining, and we were
Sgoing down the beach to see the last
wreck.
for Father (consolizlvly)--Never mind,
per- dear, you can see that sort of thing
Sar without leaving the hotel.
ter. "What do you mean?"
"Stay right here and I'll show you
mix my pocketbook."-Pittsbrrgh Bulle
:hed tin.
ped. Proof ot Proaress.
it a "Woman is making rapid progress
erve hese days," said the man in Inieker
and oekers' oracularly.
ery "So you've been run over, too, have
pool' retorne4 the man with court
'aqi9y Qu 3$ tae-Qtsteago PWos
4.. 1`T'
"ui ZI"iI i
yc ygý :ý.y'.
\d -t
ý+ 7 R
satisfed with himblL."
"Yes. There's aothingyew ea m a -
tion that he doemes think he knows r O se
about."
"Well.'I suppose you esn't blame blb .
e has o. children old enough to ask m
questions and take the conceit out et i
hia."-Washiniton Star. me
Not a coekait. o
Mother-Whatl' Do you intend to cc
marry a foreigner? .
Son-She is a highly cultivated Eng- I
lish girl, mother. t"
"How do you know she Is highlyel
tivated?"
"She speaks the same sort of English.
that 1 do."-N. Y. Weekly., s
Tbmhe reCteUs Coaemeter. -
Trolley Car Condcutor-Payyour fare
or get of. be
Dignified Philselphisa-What do you be
take we for, sir?
Trolley Car Conductor-Pi' eents, a'
same as anybody elsei-Philadelphi-a
IteIm.
test of All
To cleanse the system in aentle and truly
benehiciml manner, when the springtime t
ail tlae .-abbrnd osts only A entsB the
large size 1. Try it and be leased. n
fktured by the Califoesnia Fig Syrup Co.
only. hi
ns--"That was very pretty for Mr. Is- t
lin to kiss his better hal afrter the race" l
---"Yes, it was retty; but remember it e,
was the other Halt who won the race"-e t8
Yonkers titatesmmn. o
Jaekson's Indian Eye salve never fedate
oo thih; 5ie t aM. drag s wsre..
Drisless not any man, and do not spurn a
anysthing; or there is no man whohat not s
Shis hour. nor I there anything that hans not
its place.--Rabbi Ben Asi.
"MornsEa.LY RnuoxY.-"Yes, I seeyou're
a new woman Eve," said Adam, "but I'll
itakethe risk. Yonhaven't any past,"-Cbi
cago Tribune.
Wa some people call pudence goes by
another name in the next house. m's '"
Horn.
Tao virtue lie in the struggle, not in the
prize.-Mlnes.
A sea o ill-chosen erudition is but the
C luggage of antiquity.-Balzae.
Mre should not talk to please themselves, b
but those that hear them.--Sterne.
WLL some fisherman kindly inform us
a how the bass can reach the upper seat
e Boston Transcript.
HYPOCRIsy, the only evil that walks In.
visible, except to God alone.-Milton.
r Tax Bas or RzasoNS.-"Do you remem,
her, Jian, why they shot Saint Sebastan
Sfull of arrows!" "Cause they hadn't any
gun. "-Life.
HI--"l saw Miss Backer at Wodwood."
She (thinking of dress)-"Ohl What did
t she have onu" He (thinlking of horses)- 1
n "Nothing."-Fuu.
SGnztr minds must be ready not only to
take opportunities, but to make them.
e Colton.
Non cell nor chain, nor dungeon speaks
to the murderer like tihe voice of solitude.
Maturin.
" "'EMMA, I lust saw the lieutenant kissing
is you. Don't lot me see that again." "Cer
tainly, mnmma. Weshahl be more cautious
d hereafter."-Lustige Blatter.
STn: RaeAL TnoUnLue.-Auntle--"Johnnie
o you must never be afraid to tell the truth.'
n Johnnie-"No auntie I ain't. It's to toll a
lie without being afraid that bothers me."
Life.
OPrIcIAN (to his new clerk)-"Now, in
sending out these price lists, writs the ad
dresses as small as possible, so that those
readinlg them may feel how badly they need
f glassecs."-Tit-Bits.
of - ___________
I T the OLD reliable,
DUNANTE LINIMEN TED REEDY
-- Um m m Headache, Toothache,
Rheumatism He and PAINS generally.
.0. W. tJ'EE. CLZXTOWLLU, ALA., aysi "I hbave found D1NCA" L1NDIITa
to he best remedy for pains oenerally ever saw.
FOR COLIC IN HORSES and MULES It ls a " DEAD SHOT."
WEUE aL&NW Craw UIWQ CO., Pu. wges.w.. u 'uaEsava11.LK. TrEEN.
'ruilli tinL illittlli ttl N1 1 11,111 1
r ~--------------------- -
SYOU
Put Your
i Foot In It
when you buy inferior soap
instead of the genuine
CLAIRETTE SAP.
The favorite of every woman who ever usled it
either in the laundry or for all around the house
cleaning. Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K PAIRBAIK COMPANY. ST. LOUIS.
Fertilizers for Fal Crops
_ should: contain a high percentage of Pstash to
- insure the largest yield and a permanent enrichment
of the soil.
I Write for our , Farmers' Guide," a 142-page illustrated book. It
S s brim full of useful information for famners. It will be sent frog, and
will nake and save you money. Addresas,
O M3MA1i EAU WOEZS, Nam WMis, nw Tiak.
Wa vtt or not Bin dateers e
great otg.st its p .rety
one habis wal e a A .l "e He
rW en o our k --la an e.:3aer at `sm s
moutha. a camm ores wo_, io on m _e
aeript. _____, i e___ on
ario o rhe bnee ans. Ve I th v
ingb cindtti h asl not ban goed
eht m onths. I wau, oe or ee, bt.W .man
m s. e ae t ts in
ins ng me Rat n is alogen oed:. tLs tol
ne'edoi, itmma or was aniPC . don't lm t
tm+ bughs dea ltle hln i
me a idiei" B,- mL.anoo one da ,
and alter readtnb ito decided to try the
Wine of Card. Tdireatt,,.l .1 have taken
two bottles of MIBiree'so Wnes of Cduey
andr threle emil pckages of Thedford's
Black-Drsught, and am better thanf have
beean il e years. Irm trsing m e my nelurd
bore o ot, doing my work wit. easqe
and ea otter thn I have fors ,.to. y ears. oSo
only knows how grateful I am for this
wonderful medicine that hae worked thi
grest transformation.
Sl Mal . SaxsI CoLLITS.
Maflenry, Ky.
Trn statistician is not ven to igurative
exrpresson notw ithstnlsog he isgiven to
res]iPnglD omcl in figureo.-Young (ien's
A SaieU Apteal feor ep.
hen your idan and bladder are in
active they are Dno silent appea for
hlp. Don't dishre o it, but witho Hoe
tette's Stomach Bitters safels impel them
to aeti vita They are. i Immease dangers
and it is o ardines to Ashutone's eyes tp
the faet. Be wise in time, tbo, If you e
Seriene manifestations of dspepes ma
laria.rheumatism, consti tibn or nerve
trouble. The Bitters befe a meal adds
zest to it.
You can cram these words into mine
er ageust the stomach of my sense.
ehakspagae.s
Taouosr is the blossom, l oanage the
opehigbud, action the fruit behind it.
EatI .. eld Is Deaer 
D Os, _q Sept. 10.-My lourney fromn
Chicag wes over the Chicago, Burlington
aQuiny Railroad. one oI the bet man
agedystms in the country, I should says
Juan bythe civility' of the eploycs the
ioqto t --'-;ced excellence off' it
roadbed, Wn th Aitof arrival. '
actually reached IDenver ahead of time. The
Burlington Route is also the best to St.
Paulginnespolle, Oush and Kans City.
Tawu~y or rum VACAYIoW.-He (in issv
Ing)-"I think I have said good-by to you
before, miss." She-" Well I'm always
glad to say good-by to you. "-*'ruth.
Chus your ciargh with Hole's Uoney of
Horehound nd Tar.
Plke'sToothacbe Drops Cure in one minute.
federacies in vice, or leagues of pleasure.
Addison.
Arras six years' suffering, I was cured by
Ave., Allegheny, Pa., Mardi 19, '94.
No Mar osiypass into etcrnity,_for hean ra"
Sali's Catarrh Care
Is a Constitutional Cure. Price 75c.
ANIDROS IS. BATHS.
.L , o. Skis. ils
1. MALEII5.
A. N. Y, F 1578
d wuwn ws11 1ta e AvznTsEran PLnn5U
gease Slat ges aw the Advertismsm Sis sCrs