TBU FEAN SALE WiJ-INUALWI!D SBIKS.
Many styles have been sold out entirely. Many new goods are coming in each day. Cashmeres, Silks and other fine goods from the Fire Stock (but not really
damaged) will be placed on sale this week. Don't miss this chance.
Ask any one of the hundreds who bought those slightly damaged goods last week to tell you how they were pleased with their purchase.
Our Best Advertisements Are SATISFIED CUSTOMERS,
And We made many a bargain-seeker happy last week.
"-What we did then, we will do again this week, and will throw in a few extra bargains for Lagniappe.
We Will Mention a Few Items of Interest to the Ladies.
Our figured organdies at 20 cents, 22 cents and 35 cents a yard, are the talk of the town. Our white organdies at 15 cents, 20 cents and 25 cents a yard, are wonders.
Our figured grades at 40 cents, 50 cents and 75 cents are extra double width and cannot be matched at those prices. The beauty of the business is we have the
laces to match.
Laces in every conceivable width. Laces in every conceivable pattern. Laces in every conceivable quality. White Lace, Cream Lace, Butter Lace, Black Lace,
Linen Lace, Cotton Lace, Silk Lace. Whatever you need, be sure of finding it in our stock. Theh we have the ribbons to match the organdies.
We have the largest stock of embroideries ever brought to this section: and can be seen nowhere outside of New Orleans.
Swiss Ehibroideries Lawn Embroideries, Cambric Embroideries,
In the ?Daintiest, Handsomest Designs, at Extremely Low Prices.
IN LADIE ' LINGERIE We have a great many novelties, new tyle
L collars and cuffs.
Ladies' Shield Bows, for high collars. Ladies' Chiffon Collarettes in all colors, with dainty ties attached. Ladies' White Pique Boleros made with handsome
embroidery and inserting. These are washable. You should see our silk Shirt-Waists and also those made of new wash materials, with new style collars.
In fact our stock is complete in every line in which ladies are interested. Our assortment is varied and our prices are away below all competition.
A FW ITFMWS O/ I5 NTRGEST TO M
We have just received a large line of Men's Black Sicellian Coats and Vests, and Blue and Brown Linen Suits. Also a variety of Linen Crash Suits for men, at
$2.50 a suit.
Our stock of light weight wool suits at $7.00, $8.00 and $10.00 will cost just $2.50 a suit more at any other place in town or even in New Orleans. Our townsman,
Mr. R. H. Cage, returned last week from New Orleans and bought one of our $7.00 coats and vests, which he found offered at $10.00 in the city.
This is but one of many proofs we can give that our prices are as low and often lower than city prices. Our line of men's straw hats is large, and quality is not
sacrificed to price. In men's furnishing goods we have a line that is seen nowhere else. Price our goods and be convinced that we can save you money.
Nearly one entire side of our mammoth store is devoted to shoes. This insures a variety in styles and prices not found elsewhere. Give us a Call.
MISTLOT BROS. & 10. IIA STAEET,
. . NEW IBERIA, LA.,
THE GAZETTE.
.ubscription Price, : $i Per Year
So. Pac. Schedule.
EAST BOUND.
No. 19. Arri's 2:46 a. m., L'ves 2:56 a. m.
No. 17, 3" 12:2o p. m., "' 12:45 p. m.
WEST BOUND.
No. 20. Arri's 1.41 a. m. L'ves 2:41 a. m.
No. 18, "" 3:15 p. m. " 3:35 p. m.
Al EXANDRIA BRANCH.
East bound, No. 73, Arrives 2:10o p. m.
West bound, No. 72, Leaves 3:40 p. m.
AT NEW ORLEANS.
Arrives. Leaves.
No. x9 8:2o a. m. No. 20 8:2o p. m.
-No. 17 6:4o p. m. No. i8 9:00 a. m.
Methodist Church Service.
Preaching at Lafayette on the 1st, 2nd
and 4th Sabbaths, at t a. m. and 7 p. m.
At Rayne on the 3rd and 5th Sabbaths at
-1 o'clock and at night.
I. r. Reams, Pastor.
Mr. J. T. Mulkern, of Scott,
came up Tuesday to attend Mr.
Jos. Plonsky's funeral.
Galbert Comeau, of Scott, called
on The Gazette Thursday morning.
Edwin Broussard and Mr. Prince,
of Iberia parish, arrived in Lafa
yette Wednesday afternoon to at
tend the Summer Normal. They
are at the Boas hotel.
Mr. T. D. Weir returned home
this week after spending several
days at his old home in Avoyelles
parish. Mr. Weir reports that the
crops in Avoyelles are in a very
promising condition.
Miss Gussie Fount Le Roy of
Morgan City is the guest of Mrs.
J. J. Davidson.
Judge C. Brandt and Constable
Chiasson of the first ward were in
Lafayette Thursday.
Shirley F. Lacour, of Avoyelles
parish, a brother of Mr. L. E.
Lacour of this town, is here on a
visit to friends and relatives.
Moss Bros. & Co. can suit you in
eye-glasses, or spectacles. Prices
begin at sS cents a pair. Excep
tionally good for one dollar a pair.
Eyes tested free of charge and sat
isfaction guaranteed.
Mrs. C. F. Latiolais was in Lafa
yette Monday and Tuesday.
The excursion to Washington will
leave to-morrow morning at xo
o'clock. Fare for round trip will
be $x.oo.
Don't fail to see the base ball
game at Washington to-morrow.
Fare, $z.oo. Train will leave at
zo o'clock.
. To Jean LaRose of Carencro be
longs the palm for having brought
the largest stalk of cotton to Lafa
yette. It is nearly four feet high
and has several well-formed bolls.
Mr. LaRose has four acres of this
kind of cotton.
The Railroad boys will give their
excursion on Sunday, June 27.
The "Aluminum" is rapidly tak
ing the lead among 5 cent cigars.
At Moss Pharmacy.
Think of it ! The excursion to
Houma on Sunday. June 27.
One of the many advantages that
Capt. Hahn, of the Crescent Hotel,
offers to the patrons of his up-to
date house is a splendid bath-room,
with hot and cold water.
The excursion of the season will
be the one to Houma on Sunday,
June 27.
The Ladies' Aid Society will give
a mite meeting at the residence of
Mr. J. J. Davidson, Tuesday night,
for the purpose of raising money to
build a Methodist parsonage.
Everybdtly is invited to be present.
Nice puff bosom and other light
weight summer dress shirts at Moss
Bros. & Co's.
To-morrow there will be an ex
cursion to Washington. The train
will leave here at zo o'clock and
the round trip fare will be S. oo.
This excursion is given to enable
the people to witness the game of
ball that will be played by the La
fayette Dixies and the Washington
Champions.
Mr. and Mrs. Felix Landry re
turned to Lafayette last Monday
from a two weeks' visit to relatives
in New Orleans.
Tell them that the excursion to
Hoouma will be on Sunday, June a7.
Sheriff Broussard returned on
Friday morning's train with Ho
nore Decou, who is suspect
ed of having committed the
burglary Wednesday night at the
Nicholls House. The sheriff ar
rested Decou at Rayne.
Misses Pearl Harmonson and
Lou Mudd, of Opelousas, registered
at the Summer Normal this week.
Coca-cola, the ideal brain and
nerve tonic, served ice-cold at the
Moss Pharmacy soda fountain.
Miss Rose DeBlanc, of New
Iberia, is attending the Normal
since Monday. She is the guest of
Miss Emily Olivier.
You will miss it if you don't go
to Houma on June 27.
Died
At 7 o'clock Saturday evening,
George Felix Martin, aged 3 years,
son of Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Martin.
On account of having a series of
services to hold at Belleview, Rev.
H. W. Wallace will not preach at
the Presbyterian church in Lafa
yette to-morrow. The Gazette is
requested to make this announce
ment.
First Communion.
Last Thursday was first commu
nion day at the Catholic church.
As usual on such occasions the
church was crowded to its utmost
capacity. To one hundred and
ninety-four children was adminis
tered the holy sacrament. Father
Forge, who presided over the cere
monies, was assisted by Fathers
Langlois of St. Martinville, Branch
of Rayne, Peeters of Jennings,
Rump of St. Leo and Boulard of
Lafa) ette.
It was our pleasure Thursday
evening to receive a visit from
Capt. Taylor, of the Crowley Sig
nal. Capt. Taylor has been en
gaged in journalism over a quarter
of a century and the Louisiana
press can boast of no worthier
member. His facile pen has con
tributed in a large measure to the
up-building of Acadia parish and of
Crowley in particular.
Death of a Good Man.
Mr. Joseph Plonsky died Mon
day night at his late home in this
town, at the age of 59 years. Mr.
Plonsky had been very ill several
days and the members of his family
were prepared for the worst. The
tender care of his devoted children
and all the relief that medicine
could offer deferred the fatal
moment when the soul leaves its
mortal habitation to seek an eternal
home, but the disease had taken
too film a grasp of the once
vigorous body and the end came
peacefully just a few minutes be
fore midnight Monday.
Nearly every- one in Lafayette
knew Mr. Plonsky. He came here
many years ago and having always
been in mercantile business, few
are they in this community who
did not at one time or another have
dealings with him. Due perhaps
to a too generous heart he never
accumulated much money. We
are told that the Lord loves the one
who is ever ready to share his be
longings with the needy. Those
who knew the deceased will bear
us out in the statement that he
never violated this holy injunction.
He was charitable to a fault, kind
and indulgent. A dutiful husband
and father, a good citizen and a
true friend, his death is greatly
deplored by a large number of
people.
Mr. Plonsky's remains were in
terred in the Hebrew rest Tuesday
afternoon and the last sad rites of
the Jewish faith were performed at
the synagogue by Rabbi Alex
Rosenspitz, of Alexandria, who
preached an eloquent and touching
eulogy on the life of the deceased.
The Knights of Honor attended the
funeral in a body, and the beautiful
services of this society added much
impressiveness to the already im
posing ceremony of the Hebrews.
The following resolutions were
adopted upon Mr. Plonsky's death
by the local lodge of Knights of
Honor:
To the oficers and Members of Lafa
yette Lodge, No. 3"94, Kiig/dir
of Ioweor:
The undersigned, your com
tnittee, appointed to draft resolu
tions on the death of our brother
Knight Joseph Plonsky, submit the
following:
Whereas, the Almighty Ruler of
the universe in his inscrutable wis
dom has removed from our midst,
our brother knight, Joseph Plonsky,
therefore
Be it resolved by Lafayette
Lodge No. 3194, Knights of Honor
of Louisiana, that by his death we
sustain the loss of a good and true
Knight, the community a worthy
citizen and his family a devoted
husband and father.
Resolved further that in token of
our regret for his departure, we
wear the usual badge of mourning
for thirty days, and that these reso
lutions be spread on the minutes
and a copy forwarded to the family
of the deceased.
Resolved further that the Lafa
yette Gazette and the Lafayette
Advertiser be requested to publish
this memorial.
Respectfully, etc.,
A. E. MOUTON,
B. FALK,
CHAS. D. CAFFERY.
Lafayette, La., June z7, 1897.
Judge Gilbert Dupre came from
Crowley Tuesday and dined at the
Crescent Hotel.
Moss Bros. & Co's. nice and cosy
little shoe parlor is a popular ren
dezvous for ladies and misses in
quest of the latest and best in foot
wear.
Constable's Sale.
Eustrope Badeau vs. Unknown
Owners--zst Ward, Lafayette
Parish, La.
By virtue of a writ of seizure issued by
Hon. C. Brandt of the 1st. justice's court
in the above entitled cause and to me di
rected, I, the undersigned, have taken into
my possession and will sell to the last and
highest bidder for cash, in front of the
justice of the peace's office at Scott, between
legal sale hours, on
Saturday, July 8, 1897,
the following described property to-wit:
Five head of horses. A. CHIASSON,
Constable tst. WVard.
June 5g, 5897.
Notice.
Notice is hereby given that having been
appointed inspector of live-stock under or
dinance of the City Council of Lafayette,
La., adopted May 3, 1897, I will enter upon
the discharge of my duties thereunder on
July t, 1897. S. W. MCFADDIN.
Lafayette, La., June 19, 1897.
McKinley's Hawaiian annexation
scheme will not interfere with the
arrangemerts being made for the
Houma excursion. It will be June
27.
J. T. Mary, manager of Mary's
base ball club of Morgan City,
writes The Gazette that he would
like to hear from any country nine
with a view to play a match game.
Notice.
Notice is hereby given that hereafter the
corporation pound will be at Veazey's
stable. I). J. VCAZYv, Marshal.
Will Buy Cane.
We desire to inform the
public that we will pay the
market price and are now
ready to enter into con
tracts, for cane to be de
livered either by cart or car.
Our representative is at the
factory.
S. GUMBEL & CO.
The Favorite -
SUMMER RESORT I
POINT"x LOUPS
These springs are the favorite resort of
this section, the mineral properties of
whose waters have a wide reputation;
and now that they are almost on the
line of railroad since the completion of
the Midland Branch, they bid fair to
become even more popular.
REDUCED RAILROAI RATES
From all points from Lake Charles and
Franklin, one fare for roend trip, until
Sept. 3r. Tickets good for 30 days·
Only Ten Minutes Drive froma
Iota, the nearest station on the Midi
land Branch running from Crowley to
Eunice. Conveyances will meet all
trains.
HUNTING, m- G,
Good hunting and fishlng in the imme
d late vicinity. Target gallery, lawn amuse
ments and every conveulauee to contribute
to the amusement of visitors. The bath
houses have been thoroughly overhaaled
this spring.
Terms $1.25 Per Day bathing
included. The fare will be the hest obtain
able. Address,
MRS. G. MILLER, Popra itres.
Post-ofice Cartyles, L8a.