M'rs. . .r.I FMaoin
Kingsley, zowal
In Ue I had an eruption appear on my lefl
leg and arm. Sometimes it wouldr ulcerate and
ot smooount of it I was unable to work a great
al of the time. I had seven doctors examine
and treat me without success. Some called it
petasis, some eczema, some salt rheum and
SaIowing one called it prairie itch. All the
dotin the county had a trial but none did
me a particle of goad. I spent all my spare
arney trying to get relie. Finally I was par
anded to try Hood's Sarsaparilla. After using
one anda half botlie I saw the benefit. I have
ro ao irle third boye and am .nmplet.J
HOOD'S
Sarsaparilla
CURES
Sreceived more benefit trom- three dollars'
worth-of Hfood's Sarssaparil than from the
hundreds of dollars paid for advice and other
medicine." N. T. MoCounP, Kingsley. Iowa.
ood's Plls are the best after-dinner Pills,
assist digestion, cue headache. Try a bo
HORSE8 OR MULES?
I'
COLHT A 1 sOT s
Is guaranteed to Cure
In Every Case.
NO DRENCHING-DOSE: ONE TABLESPOONFUL
LAARYtED, IUss.. 4eb. 4. i8go.
DAR SR1S :--I do not rwant to be without a
supply of your Emmett's colic and Pots Cure as
long as I own an animnal subject to the above
named diseases. Am a farmer, owner and
breeder of horses, cows and hogs. I have used
the Specldc'in a good nuunoer of cases, and in
every instance, found it fully as good as recom
mended. There is an increasing demand for it
het among the farmers. Yours.
J J. 3icDOuGALD.
rad. eea ,. l ae.
I. L LYONS & CO., Proprietors.
B ew Orlea nssa, 1.a*
41 ý
a
"Nobody asked us
to take THE LADIES' HOME JOURNAL ;
been thinking of it for two years."
Bright girls and boys, women and
men, does it not occur to you that
there are millions of people waiting
for you and others to ask them to do
that which they want to do? We
have a plan of increasing the circula
tion of the JOURNAL without the
disagreeable features of door-to-door
canvassing. There's profit in it for
you. Write to us and we will tell
you all about it.
THE CURTIS PUBLISHING CO.
PHILADELPHIA
3IS UVSELESS.
H WuOgE TACKS .T
THE RIGHT SIZED TACKS 'FOR
-e ALL HOME USES. .T
Cam aniens :-- Used in all homes.
Home Tacks.
Home Nails. Sold by all dealer
Bile Be ns
Guadsd to curs 5llos Attacks Sick
eaalch and Coustlpalion. 40 In each
adr. [ . Bor .LJ by dr~iggsta.
r "der 7* 17. ,0" and ampte does free.
d F. 551H 6 CO.. Priplieters. fWO SORL1
YOUNG MOTHERS ,
"MOTHER'S FRIEND"
,'g unshgonebottle of U· mother's Patead" I
aeabrebat nlttle pain, ald did not experlence that
VIs5 aftarwared usual in such cases. Mr..
£3U0b5m, a mar. Ito, Jan. 11th., IL
a T aNta on G. t o
i4 S W I . arIS1iVbMoa o C
-.... a /R.Hms
WORLD'S SAIR OSSIP.
otes on the Leadhg FPeatures of
Interemt at Jacakon Park.
he Rastle of Comng spring was reatlyt
egu.s-Ezhlbilt. fom Al Lands
Rapidly Coming In--Some
Odd Display..
[Special Chicago Correspondene1.l
LTHOUGH the
unusual sever
ity of the win
great extent
impeded the
progress of
building at the
worl d's fair
grounds, the
ý I i' workmen have
not been idle.
and the amount
III of labor per
! ( formed has
been little short
of in arvelous.
. All during the
coldest weath
er the men have
kept steadily
on, although
com pelled to
bundle themselves up so with cloth
ing as to be greatly hampered in
their movements. They all stood
the extreme cold very well ex
cept the Turks, who seem to be
very sensitive to cold, and some of these
children of the orient, who were
sent over to work on the buildings
of their countrymen, suffered so during
the zero weather that they gave up the
job in disgust and betook themselves
'4V
,//p/, . I"
All.
Ii
1VN--Xs 'IVANXA'5 MINIATURIE 3t)lNI '\
basck to thie more congenial climate of
their far ear.tern homes.
The most hardy and patient plodders
at the fair grounds are the Japanese.
Nothing seems to daunt theml in their
work. 'I hey are incapable o(f even a
near approach to haste, yet in their
leisurely, haphazard wny of doing
things thef accomplish wonders.
These people will undoubtedly have
solme of the most curious and interest
ing displays to be seen at the fair.
Among them will be a Japanese well
at the IVorticultural building, con
structed from material taken from one
of the oldest wells in Japan, which
will show the primitive method of
drawing water in une in that country.
The stone us.d in the construction of
this well is a kind of red sandlstone
neatly put together by the deft fingers
of these skillful artisani. This well
and a rustic bridle constructed by the
J.apan:cse gardeners will undoubtedly
prove of great interest to visitors from
all parts of tihe western world. Some
very neat andi handsome work in hand
carv ed native hard- wood)s, metal orna
ments :and bronzes for their pavilion
in the lilberal Arts building has just
been receivt-d by the .Japs, and their
exhibit in that departmllen t promises to
be very attrat-live.
There is mnuch mourning among these
people just. now on account of the
death of the famous Japanese dwarf
. T ...
r[T (Jill 'lii
fi': e \F . i it a
.ti Al'N.'R SE \TEI.I..
cedar. olwhich was one of the greatest
curiosities they posse(ssedC. This tree
was only three feet inn height, al
though it was thnree hundrnd year
old. an: was thn)a:ghlt to lie tihe
finest specimea n inn existence. It vlns
sent to tihe fair by the emperor
of Japan, and every preo-attion -was
taken to preserve it fto:n Ial-rm but
all efforts wlere unavailing," and the
only use it can no~,n be pat to will be
to serve as a relic of its former self.
Another unique exhibit will be a
mountain of rock and sand. with for
ests, caves, streams of water. etc.,
erected by the state of Pennsylvania.
Upon this nonnutain in various atti
tudes will be found a strtffedn specimen
of every beast and Iird that is to be
found in that state. anndof every fish that
frequents its waters. Amnong thie an
itnalt representedl will he a huge lion
that was shot in the Quaker state in
18i41.
This mounutain will be one of the
finest and most striking natur-al his
tory displays ever madie, and it is
given out that tie state is
ambitions to surpass anything of the
kind-to be seen at tihe fair. As a work of
art it will m.ost likely outclass any
thing of the kind ever produced and
%will prove a very interesting feature of
the great exposition.
Amoa other oddities which uwili be
N!& a) he fair qr a loot of ftilenimt
trotan South Ameio , of which there
are more than a hundred at present
stored away on the grounds These
decayed meml-er of a race that once
roamed the forests of the great land
below the equator are thickly swathed
in straw and sewed up snugly in can
vas bags and are piled tup in long rows
in one of the warehouses, where they
will remain for several weeks, then
they will be shucked and removed to
the department of ethnology an
THE DEAD JAP.ANESE D.WARF CEDAR.
arcbhaology, under the charge of
Prof. Putnam. of Harvard. The profes
sor and Eis assistants have for several
years past been ransacking the earth
for mummies, and the lot no'v at the
fair grounds is but a first installment.
There are many more coming from
different parts of the world. The pro
fessor says that mum my hunting is quite
a fad among American tourists in
Peru. Th"cy go out and pry up the
stony remains of respectable old-time
Peruvians just as they would dig fossils
out of a shell bank or chip chunks off
from some sacred or historic pile.
There may be solne profit or amuse
mnent in thus grubbing up the caput
mortuum of ancient humans, but it
seems Mike ghoulish business at best.
From British (;niana there has been
sent for exhibition ut the fair speci
mens of lnative swoods and other
products shop ing the natural re
sources of the countrt. There is also
a large (;nantity of gold-bearing quartz
I!
ClmNPSE JUNN.
and rawý gold and quartz rock- which will
appear in the colonial exhibit in neat
wooden cases. Aimng other objects
of interest froni that country will be
shown a charcoal kiln such are used by
the Chinese coal burners of the Demar
ara river, and a "rice Ilusker," modeled
from those employed by the Mongolians
who have colonizeid t here.
One of thee most interesting displays
that will ie se:en at the fair will be
that made within the 'iluinedl Palace
of Mlila." by the department of ethnol
ogRy. Prof. E. II. 'hThonmpson, swho has
been consul at Merida fTr eighlt years,
has prepared papier mache molds of the
ancient sculptures found in the de
serted cities of Yucatan. Thirty eases
of these molds have been received at
the fair grounds and will be installed
as soon as the building is completed.
The ruins of xrnmal will be repro
lenced on an extensive scale. and among
them will be a perfect fac simile of the
temple and figure of the god Kukulan.
AN,' II JT '11: !tAN' . N( ýII.PI Vt ..
or the great feathlered serpeut The
body of tile s--petnt is wroughilt in the
stonework all arollni the :building and
this wiil be repre.;entecd entire. The
original materials we -., principally
marble and co mis- linmcrtone, alnd the
work slhows that. the ancient-s of that
country were remarkaly, skillful in
mechanical worl'kmausllip. though their
'.ndua:tri'l A rtIs wOre but poorl y tie.
ve lpad.
Thle gr et ftr'est o i i~lne -tovering
the supposed kingdom of the anoient
Mayas is about the size and shape of the
state of Ohio. and covers portions
of Yucatan, Guatemala and adjarent
Mexican states There once lived in
that area ron five to ten million peo
ple, according to Capt. Del Rio, who
explored part of it late in the last cen
tury, and other more recent explorers.
The rains of their cities are now
spoken of as b ried. They are in fact
buried only in dense masses of tropical
growth. One of the finest reproduc
tions - by Prof. Thompson will be an
arched gate of the ancient palace of
Labra, which was literally chopped
out of the jungle.
The transpo:-tation exhibits will em
brace everything in the shape of a con
veyance for travel by land or water
from every country on the globe.
Those that cannot be obtained will be
represented by models.
A stuffed llama, used as a pack ani
mal in southern lands, has arrived. and
with it a stuffed mule from the Argen
tine Republic. The mule is to be
shown equipped with a milk crate with
a dummy Indian milk-girl mounted on
its back. There will be Sicilian carts,
Chinese julnls, rafts, boats and barges
of state, in fact a complete and com
prehensive list of everything that moves
to bear the burdens of mankind.
INDIANS TO MAKE AN EXHIBIT.
MIas Emma E. Siclles' ERarts to Interest
Red Allen in the Fair Succestsful.
Bliss Emma E. Sickles is at the Pal
mer house. She has just returned from
the Indian territory, where she has
been enleavorlnm to arouse interest
among the Indians for a world's fair
exhibit this summer. Miss Sickles
says all the Indians expressed a will
inguess to exhibit their present knowl
edge of the mechanics and fine arts
and their collections of curiosities. All
the leading men and women of the dif
ferent nations were preparing to visit
Chicago during the fair. They want a
building of their own and would like
to pay for it with their own
money, and to that end have appointed
ways and means committees to raise
the amount required. The Cherokee
World's Fair association has been or
ganized at Tahlequah. Other nations
have promised to cooperate with the
Cherokee nation. BMiss Sickles first
visited Seneca in October. There she
met representatives from the Peorias,
Miamis, Senecan, 1Vyandottcs, Miodcs
and the Six Nations. After one week
there she attended the Creek council at
Okmulgee. In November she attended
the Choctaw council at Tuskahoma,
where resolutions were passed to hear
MI ss Sickles at a joint, meeting. At ail
tihese councils great interest wias man
ifested by the Indians in Mliss Sickles'
efforts to secure theln proper recogni
tion at the great fair. There is. more
than world's fair behind this effort to
have an Indian exhibit. Miss Sickles
says that unless something is done in
this line to attract the attention of the
nations there is certain to be an Indian
war of great magnitude this summer.
@ANTIQUE IRISH ART WORK.
3Models of Ancilent 1ctal IRelles to Do
Shownl at tile lalr.
A collection of antique Irish art
metal work, which is to be sent to the
world's fair by Edmulnd Johnson, of
l)ublin, through the British commis
sion. was recently put on exhibition
in the city of Dublin. Mostof the arti
cles of this collection are made from
actual impress.ions from the ,riginals,
imany of which are to be found in tl.e
Royal Irish academy, some from the
Blritish museum. sotic from Trinity
college, and many from private c-llec
tions. F'oremnost in the collection is
the great cross of ConL, the old proces
sional cross of the O'Connors. which
was nalw ays carried in advance of the
hosts. It is a magnificent piece of
eleventh century work and has been
reproduced in solid silver and gold re
poisse. with elegant enamels and
jewels.
In the collection is the celebrated
A rdagh cup. which is believed to have
been used either as a chalice or an an
cient altar lamp. It is richlly ornament
ed with tnamel of diflerent colors-and
produced in solid silver.
There are a great number of ancient
shrines, including the shrine of St.
,Manchin, a large piece of work with
over eighty human figures. Also the
shrine of the Four (;o:pels, covereod
with quaint figur,~s a nd interlacings;
the shrine of St. lPatrick'Cstoth, cov
ered with filigree work. In the cen
ter is the large crystal under which
the celebrated relic reposes. The
shrine of St. Lactin's armn is another
piece of jeweled work and filigree.
Panoralna of ther Alps
Notice has arrived of the shipment
fromn New York of twenty--six cases con
taining panorama accessories shipped
from Antwerp biy M. Ilenneberg, of
Geneva. This is the panorama of the
Swiss Alps which hIlas irecenltly been
exhibited at I'aris. The artists who
hIave executed what is said to be a
really wondlerful vwork are Messrs.
1Inirnaud, Baund, Ilory and FIuret, and
they have chosen as ttleir point of ob
servation for thie views shown in the
painting MIacnlichen, whence a superb
panorama of mnountuins and valleys is
obtained. On one side the Jungtfranu
and Eier MIonchl antd lofty crests of
the Oberland shut out the horizon,
lwhile below the eye plunges down
hunlreds of feet into thle deep chasm
of the Lutschine: on the opposite side
the lonely slopes o(f the (Irudenwald
present a charming contrast to the
solemn grandeur of the nmountaius.
A llappy Couple.
Two oldl people in the seventies, re
siding in Fresno, county, Cal.. have had
a consuming desire to see the world's
fair. They have read with great in
terest all news of its growth, and have
so fed their enthusiasm, and saved
their dimes, that the problem of rail
way tickets is well-nigh solvedl. Sonme
of thie money has been earned by chop
pinug woRod, and all of it by hard work.
The ladies of the Fauily l)ormitory
association, hearing of the old folks'
ambition, sent tllemn ns a pres ent la
share of Dormitory stock. This in
sures lodgings for ten dtays, and will
probabiy mnake it possible for themn to
FThlllt, Coming I,,.
The installation of exhibits in the
various buildlings of the wvorld's fa:lir is
now actively in progress. Scores of
freight cars loaded with exhibits are be
ing rll into the grolun.is an.t switchlled
to the different b'iildings. Wagons
loalced with packing cases are ,to be
seen going in all dlirections. Soon these
bunsy scenes will be muiltiplie.l many
times over, for hundreds nf cars of cx
hibits w ill arrive where now there
ate s'oras. The majority of eohib'
It s whihl~ have arinlvv:i thuks fr air-Q
Phi' Li.
A Word
To American Housewives.
Aiutor of " 'Common Sense in the HIousehold."
"I LOe you deeply, Ethel. I cannot, will
not live without you." "Very well, Mr.
Bronson, I will send a broken pillar of roses
-or would you prefer the omission of
flowers!"-P. & S. S. Co.'s Bulletin.
THERE is more Catarrhl in th's section of
the country than all other diseases put to
gether, and until the last few years was
supposed to be incurable. For agreat many
years doctors pronounced it a local disease,
and prescribed local remedies, and by con
stantly failing to cure with local treatment,
pronounced it incurable. Science has proven
catarrh to be a constitutional disease, and
therefore requires constitutional treatment.
Hall's Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J.
Cheney & Co., Toledo, Ohio, is the only con
stitutional cure on the market. It is taken
inteenally in doses from 10 drops to a tea
spoonful. It acts directly on the blood and
mucous su-aces of the system. They offer
one hundred dollars for any case it fails to
cure. Send for circulars and testimoniais.
Address, F. J. CaHNEr & CO., Toledo, O.
CfiSold by Druggists, 75c.
Mns. BIsoo-"Dear, after this you must
wear a dress suit down to oinner." Bingo
-"What for?" Mrs. Bingo--"Our new girl
has been used to it."-Clothier and Fur
nisher.
Life Is Worth Living,
Trying as its vicissitudes are, by those un
vexed biy chronic disease. Mainly because
Hostetter's :tomach Bitters fortilies the
system against disease by promoting a vig
orous performnanc-o of the funlctions of the
system, it possesses a wide, general utility.
It promotes strength through improved di
gestion. This is the first. the most essential
step. Subsequently the Bitters insures reg
ularity of toe bowels, liver and kidneys.
Malaria, rheumatism and nervous trouble
yield to it.
"HAVE you ever had fever and ague in
these fiats'' Landlord--"Yes, sir-ee; there
isn't a modern improvement you can men
tion but what we have. '-Inter Ocean.
Best or All
To cleanse the system in a gentle and truly
beneficial manner, when the Springtime
comes, use the true and perfect remedy,
Syrup of Figs. One bottle will answer for
all the family n::d costs only 50 cents: the
large size ~l. Try it and be pleased. Man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup Co.
only.
"War do they call that daughter of theirs
'Olive t' " "Be-ause a iiking for her has to
be acquired."-Chicago News.
CIHILDREN
who are puny, pale,
- weak, or scroful ous,
ought to take Doctor
Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery. That builds
up both their flesh and
their strength. For this,
and for purifying the
blood, thoro's nothing in
all medicine that can
equal the " Discovery."
In recovering from
" Grippo," or in con
valescence from pneu
monia fevers, or other
wasting diseases, it speedily and surely in.
vigorates and builds up the whole system.
As an appetizing, restorative tonic ait sets
at work all the processes of digestion and
nutrition, rouses every organ into natural
action, and brings back health and strength.
For all diseases caused by a torpid liver or
impure blood, Dyspepsia, Biliousness, Scrof
ulous, Skin. and Sialp Diseases-even Con
sumption (or Lung-scrofula) in its earlier
-tfes--the " Discovery" is the only guaran
te remedy.
If it doesn't benefit or cure, in every case,
yo have your money back.
AN ASTONISHINO
TONIC FOR WOMEN.
WINE o,
CARDUI
It Strengthens the Weak, Quiets the Nerves,
Relieves Monthly Suffering and Cures
FEMALE DISEASES.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST ABOUT IT.
S1.00 PER BOTTLE.
Chattanooga Med. Co., Chattanooga, Tenn.
Dr. Bull's Cough Syrup " "
Reina perfecto Cigar.
4 for 25 cents.
WORTH DOUBLE THE MONEY.
Havana Filled and a Great Seller.
TRY ME. I All A DAISY I
Sold only by Sol. Coleman,
MEMPHIS. TENN.
Wsama rmstr5 P r U e ,p5.w
-REA, SHI H
CURE.
Cure  Consis mptrou Cohs, Cr-oul Sore
hreat. Sold by .ll Drugeists em a OGussrae.
{ Cain.ý -
CoUons A1tD COLDS. Those who are suffer
ing from Coughs, Colds, Bore Throat, etc.,
should try BxowN's BaoxcaHL Taocaas.
Sold only tt boaua.
ITr's the man who han no music in his soul
that is able to harp on thte faults of others.
-Inter Ocean.
BEECHA' S PIL.LS take the plt:ce of an en
tire medicine chest, and should be kept for
use in every family. 25 couta a box.
4HIOWLNGSUCCESS.
FAl RBAN K'S
CLAIRETTE
4 SOAP
OWES ITS REPUTATION AND
SUCCESS TO ITs OWN
- . \LMERITS.
IT IS PURE , UNADULTERATEDLAND FOR
RAPID CLEANSING POWER HAS NOEQUAL.
IT IS INVALUABLE IN KITCHEN & LAUNDRY.
SOLD BY ALL GROCERS.
N-K-FAIRBANI & CO"
ST. LOUIS.
z The Co S . We offer
Teatos Good. fle in time.
Sold by Drugglots It is now a "Nostrum."
- you a ready no.n. at nit it was com.
Ip,undcd or ftcr a preeriptlon
made medicine for Coughs, i ,, .ular pti,, ,ict an. with
no idia that it would cever go
Bronchitis, and other dis- ".i .n... ,tta aBa~ rorCo
!try aodiciuo. 3ut tter
conmpounJing that prescrip
eases o tlhe Throat and ion ove. r a .tousand times in
one year,- we named it "lso'wa
Lungs. Like other so called ..nr. for Consum...ion.,' and
:beran advrtisningitina small
Patent Medicines, it is well ove A inticn h.nown all
over the world is the result
advertised, and having merit Il1 it not just as good
t a hou:h costing fi trs cents
it has attained a wide sale a: anc'l r e rnto have ito.
under the name of Piso's ut p ata(ngsor
Cure for Consumption.
--ELY'9 jCIAPI BALM--leanses the hf,,,1
A sewed shoe tht will not rip; a, neamless, smooth inside,
m he Sor e, styliorsh ad durable and other. hoe ever ld at te
price. Eivery stylF. quals custom-made shoes coting from -5 to $5.
ito the a ostrilS-ilt I foll Aborbwd.
v.-. ---L-
W. L. DOUGLAS $3.00 SHOE.
A sewed shoe that will not rip; Cslf. ceamless, smooth inside,
more comfortablele stylish and durablo than any other shoe ever cold at the
price. Every style. Equals custom-made shoes costing from Si to $.
Other Speoialtlis as follows:
i) $.1 4.00 & $5.OO $2.OO & $I.75 )J
Fine Sewed Sheoos. For Boys and Yeaths.
$3 5 elike, $n
3.50Famers, ete. 3.00 Bowed.
$2.50, $2.25, *2.50 &2.00
For Ladles.
s2.00
For Working Men. I.75 Ml
BEWARE OF FRAUD. I'` I A DnuTY oa oe your
Sad nst on to get bhe hbt value for
An fo~r ,d Isit on yeor mnoney. conomnzoe in our
as W. I.. I)OUI.A" iJE'. Itotenr by pbrcansi V. L.
one genuine without ' ..I I)onlasr Iboeeh wh.l rero-.
eoP Lni tl:tmie aud inrice s ent the best vllo at :he price
stamped on boeton. Lee for advertised, as thouamnds can
it when you buy. D E tli.
AKIE NO BUBSTPITUT. I O YOU VWEAR. PTHEi.I
"-elusive sale to •he decier. and gernl mewhbntswhere no agent. Writefr
. eor leln in c-rcWE OFFER $50.00 FOR A AME FcOR R NEW HITEn Ein and W.AIi
__ Free. bAA ITIIOIJI. i- )UVS c rone one ra tob
S0FANDRM EE
. . . . , end nfr oar (Actotn Need sR tA.
- £We .osil Seeds to Every State.
WE OFFER $50.00 FOR A NAME FOR OUR NEW WHITE EGS PLANT.
li ,, st IltS 00. Tho mored: R ngpe odlcr fer one e hey c 'Whit. prg Plant, prine
a. ot5 i ht htl .e."n_ e l Slinrg in all .I ti eill er eentitidcd send
} l/. A for w ll . E. P 1rn LAE . foe '"ir wic  .' . i ter !5000. one paelet
I' J AC/f! Oh V.ý tht{' ! 1 li Ira ut r 1ee .i . . .h . t CO de
-r" /" Ft/it*1.0t r ,wll e hrnl. hp snail, p.:.t, a3. ackets of on 7rwesltt. and 75.
!!.~~ 1f e l..a o lr,-n"lo-n ": One etrh N cgV h ane Eggplt (" !. .lo h n e o to
100.00 or a naa. co Li:ne Bosh (l.brge L .itn 13 :,, (:: a hb t,:eesber Imender·
-- on'a -c-O. h I.itecc .a.. y . , " hit1n. n I'rean t onato,.tone Tnite, Den-er
SEw nurmc5rWT. ecu.',! n our Leplar ýbnu! iLiot. Sn-nc Iý, for it. The folio
!rhl.esn sasp· t ·. troe ·'"l oar.Fe"o"e A :li.er oae ' one .-.an d . Se-ltlx; fCoepoon~s l.5i ""5 hats alor
-r • m a C~m 1 Tr ] e lo . .,tri-n Mill t. -, i ilo M an fe'" "'ROt wK mrC(oo t.."
-rl h )l l~· ·rJorur.rrh.m ('ori,.,r "Coneh ca.," sithlr of iire. ooe lcttund.0 rents: three and
-- 5wnp py , one-'l-if Con,0 for.l. oPenrl Mll.t.'" ' -.Tapnrn R'e." ' Boaj Bean.;" one d. 55t
ren; thr- pa.undieIorSl. "c Evptlan Whhcat ',." 'k 3 rnts. -E " -
the `reat Bouth Anerictan CcL snt, ol nmct ioo.., rrd 1 ,, nc- t5 cen ; o, ound, i I ctits; pound
513 tosotoid. CZII'FAII. TP+ niI- foer tt-. 0 hog'r.R Hoops. 1 enr.J.J SS rrn ,nds f1ur $1. postpaid. c E _
presktrime lsrape L ekl. ace O LS th--ce o i:pe hý e,,S t = erl r or'ee , o q ltdnt o Pol os tply tbo . waved
wis 55 O T Ath of oua r Io~ ~r nt,-ilacs tA rlrsttifor 1 Address
A:LEXANDER DRUG AND SEED COMPANY, AU ,,UST.,,,,,rIA.
SHaaERG
Sgwaw t Imitations.
AUTOCRAPI
THE CENUINE
E .flF- I1 The
ppoy pM rW` tu o urii.p
rIi Ob
LILLY CARRIAGE CO.,
Fine Carriages, Buggies Spriag Ira
A Seiallt iy. M WLN.l TUNN
o wammXrASB. o
SEEDS
POUTSANIU.". . P
DEit 13 the Wy.ll
1 cenaES 8C., d T up.
By m aailý. Postagpid
Octnd lot olEPA v1n.
ith every order. Pres t
and only rae Catalaogu in
the world with pictue oI.
ialJl varieties. Send yomrs
ad neighbors' address.
P.M SHUFWAYf
w Ulm'lAnamt1l UD
WPOINTS foruaakei sRO WKPUMPS
WA.TED. 4.QOX CO 0U.L . sMw IWomfiltW.
DON'T FORCET s.-.
_liyaai i. Of Tlmf. Ohio. ,ate lrs,-l-lrlu Macahine ry
,nd Tools for-oring and DRILLING WELLS.
au5 sun reriLt..e . .. s ear
MUST HAVE Isentý AT OFCBE UrmplO
iMlasbuck t I't. t~t f mai
forc. Stanmp. Immnenos. u 5,-Ivald. nl&o
one e\-vr tnrrrrttrd. Iteatýraefpllt. S".eronarl c
"22 " Da. lsrIcq-f jeI-. Ilrabnhrd Ylý. Co. jktls
ýE m iras rartars P·~lw wry
Iliso's Remedy for Catarrh is the
Beg' . Easieet to UsFe. and Cheapest.
a f as t.
* Sold by drungist r .fe by mail.
t~e. E. Tl. Masfeltt Warren. Pa
A. N. K.. S'. 14___
WUt VRlR?3X 1@ £bV fTSmra W5WU~
e.m Sbe n Fs tsew0H4 A! p W*