, " / - ,.
THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME 1. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JUNE 17, 1893. NUMBER 15.
ABSENCE.
I enter sadly In, and sit me down ass think;
And as I muse I tremble, and irom the future
shrink.
Now all around looks sad, deserted, lonely,
drear,
Andplainer far than words reveals thou art not
here.
From yonder wall looks down thygcntle, loving
face,
With something of thy smile and something of i
thy grace;
Yet though there shine thine eyes, though
bends thy snowy brow,
I eannot cheat my heart; I feel it is not thou.
For whth have eyes of thine their calm watch
coldly kept,
Nor even lost their smile the while I grieved
and wept?
Come back, O love of mine; come back to me
again,
Chase from my heart this wild, this longing,
.." 'earning pain.
Bring back love's golden light to my sad life's
dark skies,
Beanish aka3ltler tears from these sad, weeping
eyes.
Here in one prayer I pour, God grant 'tis not In
vain,
ley heart's wild thirst for thee: come back to
me asain.
Oh! think of me, my darling, as I over think of
you,
The live-long day, my darling, and all the dark
night through.
I slumber but to dream of thee, I wake but
only weep;
I never can forget thee, not even when I sleep.
God keep thee, my loved darling, Cod guard
thee well, mine own.
As now, alas! we're parted and I am here
alone.
Could loving fondly shield thee, or could prayers
aught avail,
No grief should o'er come near thee, no peril
e'er assail.
T1s not long since the hour that saw thee
hence depart,
Not long ago by counting, but ages by my
heart.
That heart holds one deep sorrow, with one
hope still doth burn:
That sorrow is thine absence, that hope is thy
return.
-Charles B:rnh-am, in Once a Week.
N a Parisian
i green-r oom a
new performer
• was comnplain
ing of nervou.s
ness. Fro m
some of her
compa nions
she received en
couragement, but the majority ex
pressed themselves aft:er "this fashion:
"Such tremors are incurable. As na
ture has formed us bold or timid, cold
or ardent, grave o-r gay, so we must re
main. Whoever saw an ambitious man
cured of his ambition, or a miser of his
avarice?"
Some members of the company ob
jected to the fatalism of thwese observa
tions, and one said: "If you ask for a
converted miser, I can show you one.
Hero he is. I nm one."
The man who said this was a popular
dramatist, noted for generosity. hlis
statement was received with ejacula
tions of "'Nonsense!" ."Impossible!"
"'Do you expect us to believe that?"
"Indeed," answered )te, quite seriously,
"I speak the truth. I was a miser, al
though now, I trust, I am such no
longer. If you would care to hear it,
I will relate to you the story of my con
version. It was effccted by a child's
tear." All present immediately crowd
ed around him, and heard from his lips
the following recital:
"In 1834," said the dramatist. "I had
just given to the theater of the Porte
Saint Martin one of the most successful
of my pieces. One day about that time
two letters reached me by the same
post. Bloth were from Marseilles. One
was from a theatrical manager, inform
Ing me that he intended bringing out
my new piece there and that he desired
my presence at the final rehearsals of
the drama. With regard to remnunera
tion for my trouble I might make my
own terms in reason. The second let
ter, a very brief one, ran thus: 'Mon
sieur, the wife and daughter of your
brother are dying of want. Some hun
dreds of francs will save them, and I
doubt not that you will hasten to visit
connections so near to yon and make ar
rangements for their present and future
comfort.' This letter bore the signature
of Dr. Lambert, of Marseilles.
"As I have already told you, I was a
miser in the worst sense of the word.
The physician's letter, far from moving
me to pity, merely renewed certain
angry feelings which had formerly ex
isted in my mind toward my sister-in
law. Whenl some years back, my
brave sailor brother, who had since
been drowned, had written to tell me
of his approaching marriage with a
fisherman's daughter, I, in my misera
ble pride and miserliness, had rephlied
that in marrying a penniless girl I con
saidered that he was doing a most fool
ish and degrading action. I wasc even
wretch enough to advise him to break
off the match if that were still possible.
My brother, like the honorable man he
was, wedded the girl he loved. My sis
ter-in-law, who was a high-spirited Bre
ton, never forgot my letter, and de
spised its writer. When she lost her
husband and found herself in need it
was long ere she could bring herself to
apply to me. But the sight of her only
child wasting away from sheer want
had at last broken down her pride.
"As the engagement at the Marseilles
theater seemed likely to prove a highly
profitable one, I, as you might expect,
lost no time in accepting the offer. I
wrote off to the manager at once, and
followed my letter in person with as
little delay as possible. WVhen I arrived
at the principal hotel of Marseilles I
encountered there, in the act of inquir
ing for me, the doctor who had written
in my sister-in-law's behalf. As I
had not replied to his letter, the good
man had said in his simplicity: 'Ie will
be here in person,' and had looked for
me every day. 'You have lost not time,
wir,' said he. 'Doubtless you thought,
and rightly, that did you delay, death
inlght forestall yovI Abl I im, indee.
;-lodtz btm dee yo
"I was completely nonplused. Hy
mole object in visiting Marseilles had
been the professional one; but how
could I avow such a fact to such a man?
For very shame I could not do so. Ac
cordingly, instead of going straight to
the theater, as I had intended doing, I
walked away with the doctor to my sie
ter-in-law's poor abode.
"It was a most wretched room. Yet
the first object in it that caught my eye
was a very beautiful one. Near the in
valid's bed stood her little girl, with
large black eyes, pretty, curly hair, and
a face whose expression was a pathetic
combination of youthful brightness and
premature sadness. At the first glance
I could have taken the lovely creature
into my arms; then I sternly repressed
this alien emotion. The doctor, after
he had spoken a few words to his pa
tient, beckoned me to approach. As I
did so the poor woman taed to raise
herself. The mixture oflttdness" and
pride upon her faded countenance told
me plainly how great an effort it had
cost her to appeal to me. Using the
strongest plea that she knew, she
pointed to her child with weak, treum
bling fingers, and said, in low tones:
'See here! She will soon be alone in the
world.'
*'Even this touching appeal produced
(I blush to say) no effect upon my hard
heart. I answered coldly: 'Why give
way to such fears! You are young: you
have a good physici in; why lose all
hopet' A less selfish man would have
added: 'You have a brother-in-laiw,
also, who means to do his best for you.'
But I said nothing of the sort. My only
thought was how I might most easily
escape from the threatened burden.
The little girl, who had been gazing at
me with wondering eyes, now came to
my side and said: 'Will you please sit
upon the bed? Because you are too tall
for me to kiss you if you stand.'
'"I sat down and the child climbed
upon my knee. lHer mother's eyes
were closed and her hands clasped to
gether as if in prayer. '-naffrighted
by my black looks the little one threw
her arms around my mneck and pressed
her lip.4to my cheek. 'Will you be my
papa?' said she. 'I will love you so
dearly! You are like papa. lie was
very good. Are you good, too?' My
only answer was to unclasp her arms
somewhat roughly from my neck and
set her down upon the floor. She cast
upon nme a glance of mingled surprise,
disappointment and fear, and a tear
rolled slowly down her cheek. ller si
lent sorrow worked the miracle that
her pretty, fond prattle had failed to
effect. As by an enchanter's wand the
ugliness of my character, the utter
brutality of Ity conduct were revealed
to me in that noment. I shuddered in
horror and self-disgust and yielded at
once to my good angel. I lifted the
disconsolate little maidcen into my arms,
and, laying my hand upon her head,
said: 'Yes, my child, I promise to be a
father to you; you shall be my dear
little daughter, and I will love and take
care of you always.'
"oliw happy this premise made my
sister-in-law words fail me to describe.
lHer joyful excitement alarmed bo,th the
physician and myself. .Joy, however,
sellonm kills. 'IIrother! brother:' she
murmured, 'how my thoughts have
"THE C'HI.U CI.IMBtED UPON usMY KNtI..'
wronged you! Forgive me!' icr grati
tude stung my newly-awakened con
science more sharply than any reproach
could have done. I h:lstened to change
the subject to that of the sick woman's
removal to a better dwelling. The doc
tor. with ready kindness, undertook the
task of house hunting, for which I. a
stranger to the place, was.not so well
qualified.
"lie found for us a delightful cottage
in the neighborhood of Marseilles.
There we three-p- y sister-in-law. my
niece and mysel f-lived for three
months. At the end of that time the
mother passed peacefully away, leaving
her child to my care, with full contl
dence in my affection. iary has been
with me ever since. HIer joys have been
my joys, her life has been my life. Do u
not owe her much? That tear of hers-
precious pearl galthered by my heart-
has been to it what the dewdrop of
morn is to the unopened flower--ex-i
panding it for the entire day of its ex
istence!"-Edourd Lemoine, in Strand
Magazine.
j ia Appearanlce Was Tibnm ly.
"'May I ask you, madam," inquired
the gentlemanly caller at the front
door, removing his hat, "if there has
heen a large and successful cooking
mchool in this neighborhood for some
weeks?"
"There has," replied the lady.
'aSome member of your family hs
been in attendance, perhaps," he ven
tured.
"Yes. g Two of my daughters attend
"Ahl " rejoined the caller, pleasantly.
"A good cooking school is one of the
adjuncts of an advanced civilization. I
am always interested to notice the ad
vance of a community in the knowledge
of the gentle arts and sciences that go
to make up the sum of human happi
ness. But I have allowed myself to for
get the business upon which I have
ventured to call," he continued, briskly,
opening a small valise. "I am introduc
ing a small but conprlehensive work,
entitled: 'The IHorrible Curse of Dys
pepsia and Indigestion; IIow Cured and
lmow Remnoved.' The price is only
seventy-five cents, and I can Assure yotu,
madanm--thanks. a 0lod meorninft"o
get thei b~lusies pnwhc Ih
•CLEVELAND'S APPOINTMENTS
The New Omelats Under the Democratle
Administration.
The senate having adjourned, the
present is a convenient occasion for re
viewing the reorganization of the exee
utive branch of the government so far
as it has been carried by "Mr. Cleve
land. On the whole, it is deserving of
cordial praise. The men chosen for
cabinet offices have met the expectation a
of the country, which was extremely
confident, and interest attaches now
rather to the appointments under them
of their chief assistants. Most of these
have been strong.
In the state department Mr. Josiah I
Quincy, of Massachusetts, who has
charge of the consular service, is a rep- 4
resentative of the best type of citizen
ship-highly educated, active, acute
and conscientious, and Mr. E. H. Stro
bel, of New York, is a worthy coadju
tor. The retention, which we assume
is to be continued, of Mr. Adee, se
cures a particularly faithful and well
informed man for peculiar du
ties, which a new man could not
well perform. Among the appoint
ments to the diplomatic service
that of Af r. Tlayard as ambassador to 1
Great Britain and Chancellor Runyon
as minister to Germany are of a very
high order. 3Ir. Enstis. as ambassador
to France, is undoubtedly equal to the
requirements of the post, though we I
should have been glad to see so high an
honor given to one who in the past had
shown more sympathy with the pro
gressive democracy of which Mir. Cleve
land is the representative. The promo
tion of Mr. Edwin Dun to be minister
to Japan, where he has been for twen
ty years a most valuable official, is par
ticularly gratifying. The nomination
of Mr. Porter, formerly assistant secre
tary of state, as minister to Chili, se
cures a representative there of experi
ence and discretion-which is some
thing of a change and desirable. On
the other diplomatic appointments
there is no special comment to be made.
None of them, so far as we are aware, is
particularly above or below the average
of the past.
The rceasnry department has been
made very strong. Mr. Carlisle has
taken hold of his work with the most
conscientious care and a determination
to enforce a high standard. In Mr. IVW.
E. Curtis of New York and Mr. C. S.
Ilamlin of ,lassaehusetts as assistant
secretaries he has aides thoroughly in
sympathy with the ideas of the admin
istration and well fitted to apply them.
The choice of Mr. Reeves as solicitor is
a direct and deserved promotion. while
that of Mr. Morgan as treasurer,
though he is without experience in the
service. promises well. The appoint
ment of Mr. Eckels of Illinois as con
troller of the currency is an experi
ment made on sound principles, and
which ought to succeed.
In the interior department, the choice
of Mr. Seymour of Connecticut as com
missioner of patents certainly secures
an able and vigorous man, who has
given evidence of independence and
firmness of character. Ills assistant,
Mr. S. T. Fisher, is promoted on a rec
ord of excellent service. The most im
portant branch of the interior depart
ment work is, of course, the pension
office. For this the selection of Judge
William Lochren of Minnesota as com-
missioner and the promotion of Mir. IT.
C. Bell of Illinois to be deputy commis
sioner are very strong appointments in- 1
deed. The work to be done in the office
is herculean in more than one sense,
since the Augean stables were not so
difficult to clean, and the new men have
a diflicult but a most honorable task
before them.
In the post offlcedepartment. Mr. Ibis
sell and his assistant, Mr. ,Maxwell,
have been largely engaged in making
changes in the fourth-class post offices.
Their activity has been greatly exagger
ated, as statistics covering the first
month of this administration and of MIr.
Harrison's will show. The number of
changes in all were 878 for the present
administration, and 1,328 for its prede
cessor, or 51 per cent. more four years
ago than now. The number of resigna
tions was almost exactly the same-- 08
and 503. The number of removals
under Harrison was 815, underCleveland
only 45 per cent. Of these 370, 90. or
about 25 per cent., had served their full
term. The remaining 280 were removals.
A large part were ma:le on reports of in
spectors. In all they form less than one
half of 1 per cent, of the total number
of these offices. Undoubtedly the total
changes have been greater than could
have been required under a properly
regulated service, and Mr. Cleveland
and Mr. Bissell cannot help feeling the
brutal character of the system that de
mands them. In our judgment they
could have been made more deliberately
with advantage, but there are consider
ations to be weighed in this matter of
the force of which the president should
bc the judge. It would be unjust in the
extreme to assume that he has not been
guided by a sense of his duty under all
the conditions presented.
We repeat the expression of our con
viction that Mir. Cleveland's work of re
organization, so far as it has gone, is,
on the whole, deserving of cordial
praise. It strengthens his administra
tion greatly for the long and arduous
labors that await it.-Chicago Times.
-The fifteen dollars per day which
Maj. Halford was allowed by Secretary
Foster while on his fortign excursion
may not have been intended so much as
a compliment to the major's merit as
an accountant as to his martial bear
ing. When an officer can render him
self very imposing and formidable
among foreigners he should-command
high pay.-N. Y. World.
- An exchange repeats that "the
republican party has a grand history."
Just so, but history is a story of the
past A tramp pathetically remarks:
'-adam, I have seen better days."
"Indeed, poor man," responds madam,
"you couldn't have seen worse." And
so it is with the grand old party.-Al
bany Argue.
--The administration has hauled
down the flag in Hawaii and hauled up
Egan in Chill. Secretary Gresham e.i
denatly knows hi* bulsincs. ,-oueisvlle
Codtrti*-eJarnah.
THE GOLD CERTIFICATES.
A ginilcanfat Departure in the 3anage
ment of the Treasury.
The order of Secretary Carlisle sus
pending the issue of gold certificates
was not a discretionary act. The statute
compels him to take that step when the
gold in the tress , outside of that
represented by &d certificates in
circulation-approxihately $11(1,000,000
at present-has fallen to $100,000,000
reserved to secure the redemption of
the greenbacks. It has virtually, if not
literally, reached that point. The pro
vision of the law rests on the belief
that for many business transactions
paper currency is preferred to gold, and
that deposits of gqld will be made in
exchange for greenbacks. if gold cer
tificates cannot be had. liv this process
the government would increase its
holdings of gold,  n it increasing
directly the outlas demands upon
it. Thus the government neither gains
nor loses5in strength by the exchange
of gold certificates for gold. Every
dollar of gold received by it in ex
change for a gold certificate must be
retained in the treasury to meet that
specific outstanding obligation. It is
not so with legal tenders. Their
amount is fixed and the gold reserve
for their redemption is also fixed at a
minimum of $100,O00,0O0. Every green
back the government can exchange for
gold is thus an increase in the apparent
gold strength of the treasury. Of
course, the greenl;aelks are ultimately
redeemable in gol., but the gold over
$100,000,000 is "free gold," not required
to secure redemption, the theory of the
law being that the faith of the United
States is a sufficient guarantee.
WVhat is significant about this c-oder
is the departure it marks from the cus
tom of the Harrison adnministration.
In February the gold reserve fell close
to $100,000,000, if indeed it did not fall
below it, as many believed. Secretary
Foster borrowed from certain banks
about $8,000.000 in gold to keep his re
serve good. By this process the treas
ury was put under obligations to. those
banks. The treasury and the bankers
were brought into relations Inore inti
mate than those which should exist be
tween the government and the people.
Secretary Carlisle places his reliance
absolutely upon the law. lie has not
sought favors for the gdvernment from
certain banks, and his action is already
criticised on the ground that he did not
first "consult New York bankers." We
believe that this is the very strength of
his position. Instead of making pri
vate arrangements, for which inevi
tably sooner or later some correspond
ing favor from the government woald
be asked. he has taken the action p.e
scribed by the statute. Even as a
nmeasure of expediency. is not that s
wise? Those banks or individuals that
deem it prudent to aid in maintaining
the treasury's gold reserve can do so by
depositing gold and taking legal ten
ders in return. All citizens are thtsi
treated with absolute equality under
the law by the secretary of the treeuriy.
lie could have averted the situaticRA
only by accepting- favors from a fe'w.
We welcome the divorce of the trea?
ury from the nmoney market. if such bi,
the meaning of the secretary's act. For
years the treasury has been "coaming tis
the relief of the money market" and
the banks have been "coming to the re
lief of the treasury." The language inm
plies relations which ought not to exist
between the two, which cannot exist
without imposing improper obligations
on the treasury, which inculcate false
notions of the functions of gove-rnment.
Some readjustment of prevalent ideas
will be involved, if we interpret cor
rectly the secretary's motive. as was in
dicated recently in these columns when
state bank notes were cursorily con
sidered, but safer ideas will be estab
lished in their stcad.-Albany Argus
A REPUBLICAN LEGACY.
The Present Financial Troubles Ilesultingi
from Hig11 T"ar! T.
In the present national financial situ.
ation we are enjoying a legacy of re
publican administration of the govern.
men t.
VWhatever uncertainties financiers
may think the future contains. end
whatever menace to public confidence
they fear it holds, must be credited di
reetly to the party whose creed is tha t
it is the only party of sufficient intelli
gence; and patriotism to attend to the
public business of the country.
The drain of gold from the treasury
and the consequent speculationis as to
the method by which our different
forms of mnoney are to be maintained at
parity, resulting in the existing uneasi
ness and disturbance of business, are
due alone to the repbilican party.
It was the republican party which
passed a tariff bill striking from a)ur
customs list the principal revenue dutties
and raising protective duties to. in
many instances, prohibitive rates, thus
decreasing the revenue without de
creasing taxation.
It was the republican party which,
while thus cutting down the national
income, plunged into a series of protti
gate expenditures never before dreamed
of in the wildest orgies of legislative
plundercrs.
It was the replublican party which,
always loutd in proclaiming its fidelity
to sound money, entered into a dis
graceful dicker and compromise with
the silver miners-a compromi:;e which
it refused up to the last mnoment to re
peal-by which the government has
lost millions of dollars, and by which
the treasury is to-day drained of its gold
and will continue to be drained as long
as the outrageous Sherman law remains
in force.
These are the immediate causes which
have produced the present condition of
the national finances, and cvery one of
these causes sprang directly from the
very heart of thle policy which sas the
chief achievement and loudly-boasted
glory of the administration of Benjamin
Harrison.
Truly, the democracy was not in
trusted with power a day too soon.
LouJsville Cnourier-Journal.
-The republican press manifests a
disposition to goad Mr. Olney. Mr.
Olney will yet manifest a dltiposition to
pyeld the rqsiublie-i trensts, urnd he wvll
bao-- lha J(S*l4 lfh,..--·Bkl Dasl cllahe
FARM AND GARDEN.
SUCCESS IN GRAFTINO.
The EI.ential 'Parts of tho Operation
I)stinetly Pointed Out.
The owner of an orchard which he
finds contains many trees which re
quire regraft.ing desires some special
instruction by which he can make his
grafts live and grow. lie has been
more or less unsuccessful in the trials
he has formerly made, and wishes the
essential parts of the operation distinct
ly pointed out.
It is hardly necessary to speak of the
importance of doing the work at the
right time, and with materials in the
right condition. The grafts should be
strong, well-grown shoots of one year,
in fresh and healthy condition; and as
the trees have grown several years, and
the limbs receiving the grafts are an
inch or an inch and a half in diameter.
common cleft-grafting will be found
most convenient. In the northern
states. apples and pears may he com
monly grafted during the last half of
April. but if the scions have been kept
in fresh condition, the work may often
be done during the month of l ay.
Cherries must be grafted early, or be
fore the buds begin to swell. In fitting
the grafts for their socket, it is impor
tant to give them a form by v|ich they
wiil lit closely throughout the place of
union. They must be longer in large
stocks. In the annexed figure, a repre
sents the wedge form of the graft for
cleft-' r-ting and b its position after in
srltion.
It will be observed that the form
given to it it exactly the shape of the
cleit madei in the stock. This form not
(only l. tillly holds the graft, but there
is a close contact in the two joining
faces. A wrong mode is represented by
c. This anode. although in less degree.
is commonly used by unskillful graft
er.s. and forms a very imperfect union
between the two parts. which is repre
sented lby d. ;Such grafts are very un
certain to grotw, and if they succeed.
they are not. iirmly held to the stock,
and are easily blown out by the wind.
The diffcerence in these two modes con
stitntes Ilargely the difference between
succe:-s atnt failure, both in starting tc
grow and in making a firm shoot after
ward. In addition to these requisites.
it is very important to do the work
with a sharp knife, that the sap ves
sels ma; receive a clear cut and not he
scraped with the edge of a dull knife.
which would tend to choke the current.
There are several forms of grafting
wax. which appear to answer equally
swell, the essential requisite being the
exclusion of rain, but more particularly
to retain the natural moisture of the
graft.
It will be observed that success de
pends on a free tlow of sap from one to
the other, or from stock to graft.- and
that this is best effected when the form
is given as represented in a and b. the
iontact being close throughout. The
insertion of such a graft cannot be
made without bringing into contact
the bark and wood of both. while in
the imperfect mode represented by c
and d. the union can take place only at
a single point. These figures. of
course, represent extreme cases, but
they exhibit well the error to be avoid
el. As a proof ,f f tile value of the form
recommenided. grafts inserted carefully
in this way have not resulted in a fail
ure of one in a hundred, while with the
imperfect form one-half have perished
or failed to grow.-Country Gentleman.
HANDLING MANURE.
A MTiethold Vichtli Is IEconomtel and
Saves .luri ,Labor.
The most economical way of handling
manure is direct from the stable. My
plan., which 1 hiave followed for years,
is to drive through the stable, after the
cows have been turned out to water.
with a team and bobs, or long sled, and
load up. This was planned when I
built miy barn. having wide doors and
bridges at each end of stable, with no
window holes back of cows, except s-iwh
for light. An ordinary team can draw
out the manure from forty cows a day
in one load. In this way I take manure
where it is needed. I use loose side
boards when I reach the ground I wish
to manure. I remnove one side board,
nndl pitch off a lot at each end of the
sled of about half a barrel in a place;
then I start up. remove the side board
on thle other side, and leave the same
quantity on that side, alternating mny
unloa:ding from the sides in that way
until I have my load unloadetd. To
make finislhed work as you go along,
commence where you leave off every
time until you gett across the piec.
Then -omnmence a new row closeenough
to meet when spread, and so on until
tihe piece is manulred. This can be eaSty
spread in spring when the frost is out
of it. 'T'ccn to make it finer go over it
with a bush or brush pulverizer made
out of some tough brush.-Country Gen
tleman.
A Conventlent Bird House.
Birds can help in the war against
bugs and worms. Each blue bird and
S robin is a guar
antec of thou
sands less of in
sect pests. A
dozen or more
bird houses can
be made, as
shown, any wet
day, and easily
nailed fast to
orchadl trees. Bu;ild with a door at
r:ceh cal mind partitions in the miltidle.
so taith two fa;i~helmi ctun bIt - m'renrte Fn'
j hlth'i Itt n .mte., arm aiim 4lome-*
FEMININE WISDOM.
What Dorothy Tncker Knows About Dairy
Manaagement.
When chilled or nearly exhausted
from overwork or anxiety, a cup of hot
milk Is more stimulating than any alco
holic drink, and it has this to recom
mend it in preference, it is also nourish
ing.
Now is the time to arrange fr gen
erous supply of fodder corn to supple
ment the pastures. Six quarts of seed
is all we should ever ute to get the best
fodder corn. If sown too thickly i ~s
watery and lacks nutrition. Corn is8a
sun plant. and. z tst have it to make a
perfect plant with all the sugar and
starch wh it contains whhn grown
in the prop way. When stiwn this
way it will produce plenty of ears. Do
not keep your cows all summer at a loss
when a little forethought and cae will
provide a generous supply of 'food
which wil ~nake a prolit.
Great o should be taken of the
fresh cows especially. A cow should be
fed ligl tly just before calving and for a
week a1teruards. All her drink should
be warmed and she should not be ex
posed to cold in any wvay.
WVhlrpthe udder i woilenq/nd hard
it must be bathed with hot water or
some str geliniment to reduce the in
flamm , h soon as possible before
-any, th' df of the memnbrane takes
pltby`ltere will be a. permanennt in
jury. Also give the cow from one-half
to three-quarter pounds Epsom salts, a
cup of molasses and a teaspoonful of
ginger dissolved in water sutllcient for
the purpose. With this care you will
seldom have a case of garget.
Mlany people complain of lumps in the
teats of their cows. and obstructions in
the udders. To prevent, the:se there
should be more care in drying < t the
cows, and in the feeding and clrc when
they come in.
We find that it is best to takl.t the calf
from the cow soon after it is born
within a day or two. Kieep it, w;rm and
feed the milk lwarlm from the cow. It
can lbe taught to drink mtor". readily
than if allowned to suck for a long time,
and there wvill hei less nervous excite
ment on the part of the mother.
If you have a surplus of Jersey hull
calves they can be turned to good ac
count by making steers of them and
raising them for oxen. They are very
active and grow quickly and will walk
as fast as a te:,tn of horses. The boys
will take an interest in theft: for they
are certainly beautiful and are very in
telligent and tractable. They possess
another most excell.nt ljoa.lity, an abil
ity to stand the heat.
Save the heifers from the best cows.
In estimating the dairy profiLts don't
forget to count in the pork. and that
thriving young stock the skim milk pro
duced.-Dorothy Tucker. in Farm Jour
nal.
THE EFFECT OF SALT.
It Aids Materially In tlhl I)tgestion of the
Foodi of Cows.
Salt given to cows has somre etrcet on
tht qnrnmtity of the milk. This is ne:
cssarily so as the salt aids very muuch in
the digestion of the( food, and it is the
puantity of the food digested that reg
ulates the quantity and qmuatity of the
milk. Salt is indispensable to the
health of any ;animal that fteeds ounc re
e.table matter. and the milk is affrc.ted
greatly by the health or opposite coan
dition of a cow. 'lhen salt i.s given to
excess it is injurious andl causes an in
tense thirst, but this doe.. not necessar
ily make the milk more watery than
usurl. If the cosw drinks more water than
is usual, there is no rca.son to lel'eve
that this excess of water dilutes tile
milk. T:he milk is not made in any -ach
way z.s would make this possible. It is
.roduccld by the lbreaking down of the
glandular tissue of the udder, and this
never cont:tins more than a normal
quantity of water. The kidney-s are
charged with the removal of aut excess
of water from thie blood. and this idrain.
or outlet, if in good working condition.
will always attend to, its own business,
and if it, dloes not or cannot. for any
reason, the milk glands c:nnot perform
this function, but the cow becomes dis
eased at once. lBut this is a question
that the careful farmer will never have
to consider, because he will always take
care that such a supposed mistake \will
never happen. It is only the careless
farmer who runs risks of giving his
cows, or permitting theUl to get, too
much salt.-Colmnan's Rural IVorld.
ANTI-SELF-SUCKER.
A Simlple Drihe Whicih I SNtre to Ac
complish Its Purpose.
A ..orrespondent of the l'Paclifi Rural
Press gives the device shovwn in cut as a
successful plan for stopping a cosw from
sucking herself. It is readily under
stood from the picture-a strap around
A5 (TIS~EF-S~1CKER.
the body and a halter, with a stick
reaching through the front legs he
tween them. This will surely prevent
the cowv from getting her head around
unless she steps over the stick.
Build Wide Roads.
All roads should be made wide. It is a
m-istake to suppose narrow roads are
the cheapest. Of course, when con
structing a new road the cost is in pro
portion to its width, but a narr-ow road
is always the more expensive to main
tain. owxng to the vehicles being conm
polled to keep more or less  . one track
in the center, nothing being inore de
structive than the constant wear in one
track. A wide road is always more
e-enly worn all over, provided, of
course, that it is constructed according
to scientic pDrinciples andl kept in good
repair.,-Francin Fuller McKe inzie. C.
E., Philadelphia. Pa.
'lTmt, Mootr's Enrly gfp. is oine of the
wery huet vt the unrly i4rt
HOME HINTS AND IHELPS.
-Omelet: Pat six eggs in a bowl,
and give twelve beats with a fork. Put
a teaspoonful of butter in an omelet
pan, and set on the fire to melt; pour
the eggs in, and shake over a quick
fire until set: sprinkle with salt and
pepper; roll, and turn out on a heated
dish.-Harper's Bazar.
-Ham Croquettes: Take two cups of
fine-minced ham, or, better, one cup of
ham and one of veal, mix well with
one-quarter cup of bread crumbs. Add
two tablespoonfuls of stock or gravy,
and season with one teaspoonful of
salt, one-quarter teaspoonful of pepper.
Add ghe yolks of two eggs, make into
smalt balls, cover it with egg and
bread crumbs, and fry.-Boston Bud
get.
-Dried Apricot Pudding: Wash care
fully one-half pound of dried apricots
and one-half pound of hominy, put them
together in a bowl. add one quart of
waer and let soak over night. In the
morning place in a double boiler, with
one-half cupful of sugar and a teaspoon
ful of salt; cook four hours. Turn into
a buttered dish, sprinkle with sugar
and brown in the oven. Serve with
sugar, cream or sauce.-N. Y. Observer.
--Whole Cod: Put a large quantity of
water into the fish kettle, which must
be of a proper size for the cod, with
one-quarter of a pint of vinegar, a hand
ful of salt and one-half of a stick of
horseradish. Let these boil together
for some time and then put in the fish.
When it is done enough (which will be
known by feeling the fins and the look
of the fish) lay it to drain, put it on a
hot fish plate, or strainer, and then in
a warm dish. with the liver cut in half
and laid on each side. Serve with
shrimp or oyster sauce and garnish with
horseradish.--Good hlousekeeping.
-Scotch Cakes: These will keep for
weeks-locked. Beat to a cream one
and three-fourths of a cup of butter,
two cups of sugar, two well beaten
eggs. a wineglass of sweet milk, a
pinch of salt. and the juice of half a
small lemon. Sift halfa teaspoonful of
baking powder with enough flour to
make a stiff batter, stir well, and then
knead, or mix a little stiffer so that
you can mold it. Take a bit of the
dough the size of an egg. pat it to an
oblong shape half an inch thick, pinch
the edges lightly with the fingers to a
sort of scollop. press lightly some can
died cai away conmfits on top, and put
in a greased pan: bake ten or twelve
minutes in a moderate oven. W'atch
the baking so that they bake only to a
delicate brown.-American Agricultur
ist.
-To 3lake Good Bread: Take four
quarts of good flour, mix with it half a
tablespoon of salt, and set it in a warm
place. Put one cupful of flour and one
yeast cake crumbled fine in a bowl.
Nix to a stihooth batter with one cupful
of lukewarm water. Set in a warm
place and let it, rise about three-quar
ters of an hour. lave oneand one-hall
pints of sweet milk. and one and one
hatlf pints of water, made moderately
wvarmn. Empty the bowl of sponge into
the flour, and add the milk and water,
until a firm, rather stiff, dough is ob
tained. Knead this vigorously for five
minutes, then set in a warm place, and
let it rise from two and a half to three
hours. Divide into three loaves, mold
and place in loaf pans. Let these rise
for about an hour longer, and then bake
in a hot oven from three-quarters to
one hour.-Ladies' World.
As to Your Eye-.
It is said that the health of the bru
nette type of eye is. as a rule. superior
to that of the blonde type. Black eyes
usually indicate good powers of physical
endurance. l)ark-blue eyes are most
common in persons of delicate, refined,
or effeminate natures. and generally
show weak health. Light-blue, and
much more. gray eyes indicate hardy
and active constitutions. With regard
to diseases of the eye, brown or dark
colored are weaker or more susceptible
to injury from various causes than gray
or blue eyes. Light-blue eyes are gen
er:lly the most powerful. and next to
those are gray. The lighter the pupil
the greater and longer continued is the
degree of tension the eye can sustain.
--Chicago .lail.
Prretly Fanries.
Not only economical but picturesque
are the now fashionable bodices quite
different from thle skirt, which enables
one to use the "'short-length" patterns
which are found on the bargain coun
ters. Among the novelties is a card
case provided with an especial pocket
for bonbons. Lands of narrow velvet,
with rosette bows, trim the skirts of
semi-dress and evening costumes. Black
bengaline. Ottoman faille and other
shining, lusterless, corded silks are
greatly used for church, reception and
visiting dresses. Velvet sleeves, full,
though not high, are worn with gowns
of all sorts, even those oa transparent
materials.-Chicago Times.
Yeaour Neighbor's Motes.
Learn to seal your lips forever on the
wretched. miserable habit of telling the
world about the motes in your neigh
bors eye. Who made you a judge over
him? (o. if you will, and personally
tell him his faults betveen you and
him alone. Tell him with love and
sympathy in your heart because you
want to help him to become nobler and
better, because you can not bear to see
a stain on him, and not because you
would humble him or glory over him,
and in the end he will bless you for it,
and you will .have done a good work.
Bat never tell the world of his faults.
-Detroit Free Prescs.
A Letter Case.
Cut two pieces of pasteboard in the
shape of a shamrock and large enough
to conceal an envelope of ordinary size.
Cover each with plush. of any color you
may fancy, and line them with silk of
the same or a contrasting color. Unite
the two pieces at their lower edges and
finish with a silk cord, or use "odds
and ends." At the top put a large bow
.f ribbon, and suspend the case near
the writing-dak. The ribbon and eod
ihouldl harmonilt in cQlQ writh tH