- Tr .ry pi the chair
o eoullmen j.resentt
ari Marn, Mouton and Lan
iý sxm-utena of the last meeting were
opted.
of committes were tailled for; the
and electric light committee
tellowt
'cmmittee on~ water-works, electric
,i4gia;as a report, present to the council the
lgaad contract and bond of James M. Fer
guson, which were accepted and the con
tract ordered to be spread on the minute
book asid published in the official journals
of the corporation.
The following is the contracts
State of Louisiana, Parish of Lafayette,
City af Lafayette.-Be it known, that on
this twenty-fourth day of the month of July,
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and ninety-seven, and the inlde
pendence of the United States of America
the one hundred and twenty-second, before
me, Edward G. Voorhies, clerk of court and
ex-ofialo -a notary public in and for the
parish of Lafayette, State of Louisiana, duly
commissioned and qualified, in the presence
of the witnesses hereinafter named and un
dersigned. personally came and appedred,
the Hon. Chas. D. Caffery, mayor of the
city of Lafayette, La., acting in his official
capacity as mayor, and also came and ap
peared Mr. James M. Ferguson, of the city
of New Orleans.
And the said Chas. D. Caffery, mayor,
actiing in his official capacity and for and on
behalf of the city of Lafayette, and under
and by virtue of the authority vested in him
by ordinance No. of the City Council
of the town of Lafayette, passed on the 6th
day of July, 1896, and in conformation of
the agreement made and entered into on the
8th day of July 1896, between James M.
Ferguson and the mayor and City Council,
of Lafayette.
They do by these presents grant, bargain,
convey and confirm unto the said James M.
Ferguson and assigns, the contract for the
erection and construction of a water-works
and electric light plant in the city of Lafa
yette, La. The whole in strict comformity
to the plans and specifications and the writ
ten proposal of the said James M. Ferguson,
based on said plans and specifications of the
day of 1896, and for the con
sideration and on the terms and conditions
hereinafter set forth.
The said James M. Ferguson and assigns
are hereby bound to perform this contract
well and faithfully, strictly in accordance
with said plans and specifications, soobserve
and comply with all of the conditions and
stipulations therein contained in every par
ticular and at all times to abide by and be
held amenable and subject to the terms,
penalties and conditions and of the written
proposal pf the said James M. Ferguson for
the said work and of this contract.
CONDturboNs oP CONTRACT.
A. Under the condition. and accompany
ing plans and specifications the contractor
and his assigns are required to furnish all
material and labor required in the construc
tion of a complete system of water-works
and electric light plant in the town of Lafa
yette Ia., and as appear incorporated in the
body of this contract under the head of
divisions, an accordance wit! the plans and
speciicatious hereinutefore alluded to and
made part of this contract.
B. The said contractor and assigns is
and are hereby further bound and obligated
to execute this work well and faithfully in
accordance with the said hereinhefore re
cited specification; to observe and comply
with all the conditions and stipulations
therein contained in every particular, and at
all times to abide by, and he held amenable
and subject to the terms and conditions of
specifications and of this contract and under
the supervision and direction and to the
entire satisfaction of the corporation en
gineer, who shall examine the work and
manterial, and test the work when completed.
C. The work embraced in this contract
shall he begun within sixty days after the
contract has been signed. The work then
Sto be carried on regularly .and uninter
ruptedly with such ft.rce as to secure its
completion within ninety working days
thereafter, provided, however, that the said
contractor or his assigns shall be intitled to
an extension of time equal to that lost by
stoppage of work caused by rain, floods,
strikes, legal process or from failure to re
cieve material, provided further, that in the
event the said contractor commences work
at any time before the expiration of the
sixty days herein fixed, then the balance
of the said sixty days unexpired shall be
added to the ninety days in which he has to
complete the work.
). The said contractor or assigns hereby
agree, that the said town, is hereby au
thorized to deduct or retain out of the
monies which may be due or may beome
due to him under this contract, . the sum
of twenty-five dollars, which amount shall
be, and is hereby agreed upon as ascertained
and liquidated damages, for each and every
day the aforesaid work may be incomplete
over and beyond the time stipulated for its
completion, provided that the said town
.shaU have the rights to extend the time for
the completion of said work. But neither
any extension of time for any reason than
that fixed herein, for Lthe completion of the
works called for by this contract, shall be
deemed to be a waiver by the said mayor of
the right to abrogate this contract for aban
donment in the manner provided for in this
contract.
E. The rights is reserved to the said en
gineer, if it should be required to give
special dimensions, alterations of details to
meet the condition 'found, provided, that if
said special dimensions or alterations entail
any additional expense on the part mf the
contractor or be of such a nature as to ne
essitate the employment of labor or the
construction of work not contemplated in
the specifications or contract, the cost is to
be paid by the corporation; the price for
such extra or additional works or labor to
be determined and agreed upon before the
commencemant of the said work.
F. The whole workmanship and ma
terials used in said work to be of the best of
their trespective kinds.
G. The said contractor and his assigns
uhall furnish at their own costs, charges and
expense, all material, labor or asistance
which may be required for the proper exe
crtion of the work herean contracted for,
and all material used of whatever kind shall
be of the best quality of their respective
hinds.
H. The contractor or his assignsupon
being so directed by the engineer shall
remove or reconstruct at his own cost anay
ror grakts of the work in a manner satis
a-to to the engineer, which may be de
sided. s not having been done in accordance
.with the specifications.
1* The cog0tractor or his assigns shall ob
uerve sd obey, il town ordinances in rela
tioon ·to obstructing streets, keeping open
passage ways and protecting same where
exposed qprovided the said contractor or
assig-st ate urnishiid with copies of all such
ordincances. *
Ja -The coisrator or assigns shall employ
·s C :tm1ir * ,dl~ti n t&fciimstrnction of these
cii6ist3prov, id.-  'd-tht pet-\'-.
K.A .e ontrator shaill indemnify anrid
save harfmless the town of Lafayette, 4., "i
and its mayor and City Council front all ti
suits or actions for any injuries or amages
sustained by any party or parties bor from J
the causes, under the control of said con- tl
tractor or assigns in the constructing of the a
work or any part thereof or any negligence ti
in guarding same or by or on account of a
any act or omission of the said coaitactor, I
his assigns, agents or employes. b
L. The said contractor or assigns, further
agrees to be responsible for the entire work, t
enumerated in this contract until its comple- a
tion and final acceptance, and that any un- a
faithful or imperfect work, that may be b
discovered at any time before such comple- b
tion add acceptance, shall be removed and b
replaced by good and satisfactory Work ti
without charge. r
It is fully understood by the contractor
that the inspection of the work shall not re- ti
lieve himu of any obligation to do sound ti
and reliable work as herein prescribed. In p
addition to the stipulations herein contained a
it is further agreed that should any defec
tive work be discovered within four months c
after the thirty days limit for acceptance of J
works the contractor shall be notified to tl
correct the same and upon failure so to do, a
the correction shall be done at his expense. p
M. It is hereby understood between the h
said two parties to this contract that any and a
all differences of opinion between the en- M
gineer and contractor or assigns as to the y
quality of the material furnished, the amount h
df the extra compensation, allowed the con- p
tractor under .the provisions of this contract d
and any and all differences of opiflion that n
may arise during the construction of this o
work shall be submitted to the mayor and a
Council of Lafayette, La., whose decision
shall be final and aLsolute. c
N. No person shall be employed on any a
part of the work where he may be consid- tl
ered by the engineer incompetent or disor- Ii
derly. c
O. In the event of abandonment of said y
work at any time by said contractor the f
surety on his bond shall be notified and c
upon their failure to make satisfactory ar- c
rangements with the mayor and City Coun- C
cil for the continuance thereof then said P
mayor and Council shall have the right to
take charge of said work.
P. The said contractor agrees to be re
sponsible for the entire work enumerated in c
this contract; that he will give his personal I
attention to the fulfillment of this contract r
will not sublet the aforesaid work, but will t
keep the same under his control, provided a
that this contract may be sublet with the o
consent of the City Council.
MODE AND METHOD OF PAYMENT. I
In consideration of the faithful compli
ance with and performance of all the fore- Y
going requirements, in relation to the con- R
struction and completion of said water- e
works and electric light plant by said J. M.
Ferguson, contractor or assigns, the said
J. M. Ferguson, contractor or assigns, shall s
be entitled to charge and receive payment
from the city and corporation of Lafayette.
La., for all work done by them and ac
cepted by the corporation's engineer, the
following aum to-wit;
For the said work complete the sum of
thirty-six thousand dollars ($36,000) payable
as follows:
Ten thousand dollars ($10,000o) when the c
pipes, specials, hydrants, valves and boxes u
are delivered at Lafayette, La. ii
Te-n thousand dollars ($10,00ooo) when bal- t
ance of machinery has been delivered and r
work ot construction commenced. C
len thousand dollars (S$o,ooo) when the a
plant is complete and ready for steam. p
And the balance six thousand dollars v
(6.000) after the plant has been operated p
thirty days and has been tested and ac- c
cepted by the corporation's engineer. a
it being part of this contract that the said si
James M. Ferguson, contractor or assigns,
is to accept thirty-six thusand dollars in
the bonds of the town of Lafayette, La.,
at par, issued for the purpose of this work
under authority of act No. 90o of the Gen
eral Assembly of Louisiana, in general ses
sion of the year 1896, and in pursuance and
in comformity to the various laws and ordi
nances of the town of Lafayette. La., relan
tive to the said issue of bonds, and of the
constitution ahd laws of the State of Louis- r'
iana, and also in accordance with the de
cisions of the Supreme co;-rt of the State of
Louisiana, in the case No. 12388 of the P
d.,cket of said court, entitled State of Louis
iana, ex-rel J. M. Ferguson vs. Chas. D.
Caffery, mayor of Lafayette, La., the whole
issue of said bonds to be delivered to the
said James M. Ferguson, contractor or his
assigns, at the times, in the manner and in
the amounts stipulated above regarding the
payment of the contract price by the
cashier of the First National Bank of Lafa
yette, in whose keeping said bonds are to
be deposited as trustee, immediately upon t
signing these presents.
And naw comes and intervenes herein
Mr. S. R. Parkerson, cashier of the First f
National Bank of Lafayette, La., who ac
knowledges having this day received seven
ty-two (72) bonds of the issue hereinbefore
described in the denominations of five hun
dred dollars each, amounting in all to the
sum of thirty-six thousand dollars ($36,ooo;)
the said S. R. Parkerson, cashier of the
First National Bank, accepts the trust im
posed in him and agrees and binds himself
to deliver the bonds to the contractor or his
assigns as herein stipulated.
And the said James M. Ferguson, con
tractor, does herewith file his bond or obli- t
gation in the sum of ten thousand ($10o,ooo)
dollars, which bond or obligation is hereto
annexed and made part of the contract,
which said bond or obligation the said
Chas. D. Caffery, mayor, herein acting in his
official capacity and in the interest and for
the corporation of Lafayette, deems satis
factory and does hereby accept same, at the
same time authorizing and directing the re- I
turn to the said James M. Ferguson
of his certified check on the Met
ropolitan Bank of New Orleans, for the I
sum of five hundred dollors (S5oo.oo) as
stipulated and set forth in the agreement en
tered into between the mayor and Council I
of Lafayette on the 8th day of July x896.
Thus done and passed on the day, month 1
and year first above written in the presence
of Orther C. Mouton and Homer Mouton
competent witnesses of lawful age who
hereunto sign these presents together
with slaid appearers, intervenor and me,
notary. 1
(Signed) ORTHER C. MOUTON,
Horaa MOUTON, * I
J. M. IERGUSON,
CHAS D. CAFrPERY, Mayor.
S. R. PARKERSON, I
Cashier First National Bank,
Lafarette La. I
E. G. VooaHIEss, Clerk of Court.
Filed August 3. 1897, sad recorded same
day and date in book of mortgages No. 2 at
foli oo et seq.
ED G. VOOnHIras, Clerk of Court.
The following resolution was adopted: 7
Resolved, That this check signed by J. f
M. Ferguson for five hundred pllars as a I
guarantee of his good faith upon assuming f
the contract for the construction of water
works and eleic light plant in this town, (
ibe fetrned to him.
:Li ltuis te h Alr ~1tou.dattofasiqy for I
ýtics l g ;considered the fore
.of. tin adopted the following resolu
Resolved, That permission be granted to
James M." Ferguson, contractor, to sublet
the contract; for the construction of a water
works dud electric light plant in this town.
to the Consolidated Engineering Co., Lt'd.,
of New Orleans, provided that the said
Engineering Company renew the guarantee
bond ig its own name.
After it was discussed by the council as
to the validity or negotiability of the. pre
sent bonds, it was moved by Dr. Martin
and seconded by Mr. Mouton, that if the
bonds prove not negotiable that other
bonds be provided and that in case of new
bonds being printed, the mayor is authorized
to have others printed immediately. Car
ried.
It was moved, seconded, and carried,
that all matter pertaining to the construc
tion of the water-works and electric light
plant be placed in the hands of the water
works and electric light committee.
To the Nonorable Mayor and City Coun
cil of Lafayette, La.: The petition of
James Ferguson, of New Orleans. La., and
the Consolidated Engineering (.o., Lt'd.,
also of New Orleans, La.; respectfully re
presents, that one of your petitioners, James
M. Ferguson, has entered into a contract
with your city for the construction of a
syter-works and electric light plant in
your city, by public act before E. G. Voor
hies, Clerk of Court. and ex-officio notary
public for the parish of Lafayette, under
date of July 24, 1897; that the said contract
now is under way; the material having been
ordered and the work of consturction about
to commence.
Under the terms and provisions of said
contract, the contrator is prohibited from
subletting same, and is required to keep
the same under his control; provided that
it' can be sublet with the permission and
concent of your Honorable body. Now,
your petitioner, James M. Ferguson, respect
fully represents, that h?: desires with your
concent, permission, and approval to assign,
convey end set over said contrat unto the
Consolidated Engineering Co., Lt'd., of
New Orleans, La.
And your petitiones, the Consolidated
Engineering Co., with respect, represent
that they are desirous of assuming and ac
cepting said contract from Mr. James M.
Furgerson, and to carry out same in every
respect according to the contract, and ask
that your honorable body approve, permit
and endowe the transfer and the assignment
of the said contract from Mr. J. M. Furger
son unto your petitioners, the Consolidated
Engineering Co. Lt'd.
For the full information and guidance of
your honorable body, the Consolidated En
gineer'g Co. further represent that they are in
every way capable and competent to carry out
the said contract to completion according to
the terms thereof, and submit for your con
sideration, the recommendations and en
dorsements of the various individuals and
firms hereto annexed.
Respectfully submitted,
J. M. FERGERSON,
Consolidated Engineering Co. Lt'd.
per C. M. PASQUIER,
Vice-president.
To the Honorable Mayor and City Coun
cil of the City of Lafayette, La., and to all
whom it may concern: We the undersigned
individuals, merchants and corpo rations of
the city of New Orleans, and State of La.,
recommend the Consolidated Engineering
Co., Lt'd., of this city, and believe from
our knowledge of the gentlemen who com
pose the corporation, that th.-y are in every
way competent and qualified to carry out
properly the contract for the erection and
construction of the electric light plant, water
works in the city of Lafayette, or any other
similar-work:
Respectfully submitted,
RENBEN G. BUStI,
CHARLES A. WoRSLEY,
LEVERT BURGENERES & CO.
FRANK RODER.
S. GManet & Co.
D. M. LICHTENSTEIN,
DASPIT & LEVERS,
VERMILLION DEVELOPMENT, CO., LT' D.
H. DASetT, Vice-president.
New Orleans, La., July 30, 1897.
According to a resolution adopted at the
preceeding meeting, the mayor added Mr.
Hahn and Dr. Martin to the W. W. and E.
L. committee.
The sanitary committee reported as fol
lows:
LAFAYETTE, La., Aug. 2, 8g97.-To the
Hon. Mayor and Councilmen of the City of
Lafayette, Gentlemen: Your sanitary com
mittee, to whom was referred the ordinance
known as the meat inspecting ordinance,
would most respectfully beg to report that
they have made a critical examination of
the matter and while they appreciate the
motion of the former Council, which en
acted said ordinance, and while a necesstity
for it may exist, at the same time we think
the execution of it is wholy impracticable in
this city, unprovided with a public slaughter
house and the necessary appliances for the
inspection of meats and in our judgeuicnt
the attempt to execute said ordinance would
not accomplish the end for which it was en
acted. Very respectfully,
THos. B. HOPKINS,
G. A. MARTIN,
Committee.
It wasmoved, seconded and carried that
the inspector be instructed to proceed with
the inspection of meat under the ordinance
heretofore adopted and referred to in the
above report.
The following accounts were approved.
Waters Pierce Oil Co..............-.............$18 18
L. Creighton, repairing plank walk
and bridges...................- ........ II So
Gabi Hebert, hauling filth................ ... 5 oo
E. Barrar, repair'g plankwalk, etc..... i2 55
Amb. Mouton, attending lamps July 25 o0
Wm. Graser, repairing lamps............ 5 35
Henri Hebert, deputy marshal............ 6 65
A. Hirsch, deputy marshal-............. 6 65
U. Himel, deputy marshal, a month.. 50 oo
D. J. Veazey, marshal ................-. 48 85
Chas. D. Caffery, helping indigent... 5 o
T. A. Broussard, feeding prisoners...... o 8o
Edward Begnaud, work on street........ 26 5o
Reports of officers were had.
Mayor Caffery reported as follows:
Fines and permits for bazaars since last
report and up to Aug. t.:
To amt of fines and permits for
bazaars..... ..... ..............-- Sa
Marshal Vezey reported aving col
lected since last report............... a oo
Collector McFaddin reported as follows:
Regular taxes-... . .............. ....... $35 a2
Special taxes............................ ......... 35 oa
Licenses........5 ..........0..0... ----.-----0--.- 5 o
$tzo 24
Gen. fund, Barter Clegg, treas'r, Dr.
To cash on hand as per report July
5, t897 .....----------...................-----......---....- --- 3 90
To cash rec'd from
S. McFaddin, coll'r, regular tax........ 34 oa
S. W. McFaddin. coll'r, licendes5...... 50 o
S. W. McFaddin, coll'r, taxes .......... I oo
Di. J. Veasey, marshal, stock fines .... 2 oo0
C. D. Caffery, mayor, fines, bazaars 52 o00
$1.2 921
1r
By cashto- . .
F. C. Triy ... ......... ...... 3 00
L. Creig ton......... ............ ............ .2 03
A:- B i rgolse .......... . .................. .. ... . 7 SO
S. McFaddin......... .. ....... . ... : 50 o00
D3. (sGrelg . .... ............ ......0.... .3-30
C. D. Reese........... ................. ......... 2
G. Hebert .... ............... ...................
B. Falk, . ........... ..................... ...
H. Mouton......... ....... ................. a2 5
G. Siadous........................................ . 95
" $72 92
To cash on hanu this day of general fund
$65.59.
Special fund, Baxter Clegg, Tress. Dr.
To cash on hand as per report July
5, s897 ............ .. ........ $945 04
To cash received from
S. McFaddin, coll'r, for special tax 34 o02
S. McFaddin, coll'r, for special tas o00
Total ................ ........... $sg80 50
To cash on hand Aug. 2 ........ ........$98go 50
BAXTER CLEGG, Treasurer.
Mr. L. Creighton asked that the Council
appoint him as plank walk and bridge re
pairer at a salary of $18. per month. By
motion this petition was referred to street
committee.
There being no further business the
Council adjourned.
C. D. CAFFERY, Mayor.
STERLING MUDD, Secretary.
ts
It's Time to Kick
Agalnst that Rheumatisma
at yours. Uric acid in the
blood i Ur ia sceanl all
the arouble.
Johnston's
Sarsaparilla
will pifythe blood and re
move the acid; and with it,
the cause year aches
and pains.
Wa Em/. *h t aom..
oiara..ar s ne ( a on.
For Sale at Clegg's Drugstore.
Will Buy Cane.
We desire to inform the
public that we will pay the
market price and are now
ready to enter into con
tracts for cane to be de
livered either by cart or car.
Our representative is at the
factory.
S. GUMBEL & CO.
Notice.
Notice is hereby given that hereafter the
corporation pound will be at Veazey's
stable. D. J. VEAZEY, Marshal.
Standard
pf newspaper excellence;
brimful of interesting read
ing matter ; foremost in
influence, standing, popu
larity, circulation and ad
vertising value,
TheTimes-Democrat
NEW OLEAUU. LA.
DAl LY A perfect eneyclote _l of
curraet Infotiraon, me
0SUNRDAY. .oc atnad .7 @....4 re
2u toel egap serhvice. ull oSU
SN =ss afford to be without it. It
STaOr* Is necessary to e
a enlarged edition. All
the specil features of the
SNIDAtY, daily, augmented by hoie
o $2 literary eontrtibuons ise
s poetry and prose. Society
rYear. notes throughout the
Southern States. Sporting
resume, Crop reports. te.
ritl- that nwote Jy told. d
n or forobdiand pon agri
WrEE.KL eultul sotesm. rEet re
St Yes'rt s'. ,,me----.
sample CsPiea Free. ,
Why Do You
Send to New Orleans and
to other cities to have your
Printing done when you
can have the same work
done at The Gazette" Offcle
just 'as well and" for the
same money. We have a
nice stock of paper always
on hand and on short notice
we will furnish you with
any kind of commercial
printing-that you may need
tin your business.
iaiD EuiG5N1 DERBES
...... all Give Lessons in.....'.
VOCfL MUSIC.
For terms and particulars apply between
9 and.so o'clock a. m. on Wednesdays, at
the residence of Mme. Jules Revillon.
WANTED I
100 Beeves j Yearlings
Will buy them in any
condition, fat or lean.
Apply to Alfred Hebert
or Sidney Veazey.
Chas. . Caffory. * * *
Attorney-at-Law
sad *Notary Public.
O-ice on Madison Streeo ,
Lafayette, Louisiana.
Wanted-An Idea -
!ran--
B. F. Anderson.
CONTRACTOR - AND - BUILDER,
Lafayette, La.
Prompt attention given to all work. Es
timates and plans furnished on application.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
Improve your stuck by breeding
to pure registered Jersey bull,
Star of Lafayette
(No. 47473.)
FEE 2.50. Usual privi
leges of return. At d. D.
MOUTON'S.
Wanted-An Idea ---Y-
SIDNEY VeICZY,
Livery Stable.
and Feed table
Lincoln Avenue. Two __
Blocks from Diepot.
First- Class Rigs at
Reasonable Piees.
Careful drivers furnished when
required.
Lafayette, La.
SANTA FE
0 * ROUTE
4 Dally Trallne
Houston to Galveston;
SDally Tralns
Houston to North Texas,
Colorado, Kansas City.
Chicago and St. Louis.
Finest Pullman Sleepers and Fine
Reclining Chair Cars.
POA ST 'IMTE. ."
sOw .rn RATES
Further information can be obtained by
writing to W. S. KEE1'AN,
GENERAL PASSENGER AGINT GALVeSTON, Tx.
Mouton ros. * *
Dealers in......
General Merchandise.
LOWEST
PRICES,
CONSISTENT
WIhQUALITY -
00DS.
Lincoln Avenue, - Lafayette, La.
We CAN.
Sell fou the very best
at Rock-Bottom Prices. ..
Our stock speaks for itself, and our prices com
mend themselves to the close bi» r, who wants to get
the full value for his or her money. We are satisfied we
can give you what you need in
Dry Goods Notions,
Ladies' Fancy Goods,
Shoes, Hats, etc.
A Fine line of Groceries.--e
Mouton & Hqpki JSI.
Omce on Mnachnman Street.
Lafayette. La.
MT, CARMEL CONVENi#
Lafayette, Louisiana.
The system of education includes
the French and English languages,
Music and all kinds of Needle-work.
Every attention will be given to the
health and comforth of those placed
under the care of'the Sisters.
For terms apply to, the Superior.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A prstitoner in the States a2 years,
sard In Lafayette Parish ix years, calls at
tentlon to his new and successful treatment
of the respiratory organs. Medical inhala
tions combined with constitutional treat
anent affording a cure in Consumption in.
the tiat and secoLtd period, if they follow
exactly the treatment and rplief in. the third
Deafness and chronic diseases in general
specialty.
Orther O. Mouton, * * "
Attorney--at--Law.
Lafayette. Louisiana.
Ash Wood and
Pittbburg Coal.
--wholesale and retail-
Stove Wood for
Families a Specialty.
LAFAYETTE
WOOD AND COAL YARD.
Geo. A. DeBlane,
Yard near Moss & Mouton's lumber depot
L. A. LEBLANC.
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE.
Careful and prompt attention given to
the collection of bills, etc. Addressi
Youngsville P. O., La.
M alt ABBADIe.
JUSTICE OP THE PEACE
6th ward, Lafayette parish.
OFFICE: CARENCRO. LA.
All collections and other business prompt
ly attended to.
6--o---I yr.
D. V.- Gardebled
PHARMACIST.
and dealer in
Drugs, Patent Medlcinces,
Druggists' Sundries, Fine Purfumery
Toilet Soaps, Cigars, Tobacco, etc. Sta
tionery, School Books, Paints and Oils.
Prescriptions carefully compounded at all
honus of the day and night. Everything o
be found in a first class drugstore.
J-Next to Falk's Opera House.
C. J, THOMPSON, &CO.
mri ReaIEstate,. l
Irsssrance ancd arokeaEge
Best Home and Foreign Insur
ance Compantes represented.
Prompt and diligent attention
given to all business entrusted in
hands. OPELOUSAS, LA.