t--rNiram, I can't
T k cing'`ag eiety haa
a woman'a
tor hep ovafr
be bt to lrkeadeet
When I ge+ýw ' Charlie- l
Wa .trkl, I ain't. I'moo
i ammer hotel, like Ugg~o
Tetoas Hur ars-Wh don'tyou
a X .0--Tr. - Green--"A woman
4 _a maa And 1 out.' .Mr. t
flans Catarrh Care t
a, .[ Co etentional Care. Price 5e. v
et .has no money?" frHj:.o'
-sboppun."-Brooklyn Life.
"Large knots ot tl
Scrofuls mature came
bottles or e & s tar t
asparills, we could
see the elings was 9
" owr to
is havees . l
aumed their natural pi
appearance and she is in
emioap ghtldrte r ed eg
!ltbspelisof malaria every fall but, this season to
have been takingr Hood's Sarsaparila and to
purified their blood, built them up, and
"v beep tie trbtial Silness this winter. fo
BllACzxuN. Oregon, Missouri
T pa Cures E
" -M d's pilIl are purely vegetable, and do fo:
rge, pain or ripe. Sold by a druggists. W
nil
an
Ti
Pi
4 OLERA INFANTUM, i
..w- lerly do w -tiO. it. espectfully, rel
w.J. . Roja msol. ca
1of the Age.
Z iOL. A SCOVER e
i Ha. db--overed in one of our common
paur redy that cures every
An,
kind of HumOr fom the worst Scrofua
ases, and ne ver failed except in two cases i
C4~ure we yfoe somethat cures evre
I (both tunder huor). He has now in his t
possession over two hundred certificates the
f ts value, all within twenty miles of ter
S- Boston. Sendstal card for book.
eac
Rt g iCanti, a faken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
ike--neles ..passing con
thL~roughith'em; the same with the Liver or mi
Prwe ed. This is caused b the ducts be
r ag stop:1ped, . 'i@w ," isgviers in a com
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will tha
cause squeamish feelings at first.. borc
S ohanCt.. M ,ljdijlever tsessary. . an
tnge a enough of t rn
Sonel blespoonful in o fwater at bedn
INE OF CAlJRDAI. iA
its.
S'spec
bend
ROXBURY, MASS., geal
? 3s d eionoor comm form
*kid fIQSP* th ortSroflthe
dcwnto ac_.stnPimle.salesg
possesi ea or two hred, eria there
}.o wse toe frmtrea t
d dg1att alatrfs rec e w
*-to h
ai ommon as a plate- of bread, three
a th " ear rout- It wee
for pensive. My greatest disappointment
can't on migrating south was the high prices
r has and scarcity of all dairy products.
. a"ondenso4ed milkyiw! New milk tea
cents per quart; butter forty cents per
pound, and cheese twenty cents per
pound,: * ,i jSicles to me unpre
o'tt cedented, and even at those A
h prces a good article was not al
. ways obtainable. This condition of
things set me thinking, yes, andstudy
jfBtpvertbh atter, and I have studied |
like it over until things are changed at our :i
lie- house, and we now hapve cheese on our .1
.se table as in olden times. Yes, and plen-2
ty of milk and butter, and some to |
spare.
you We have made butter both for home a
ea e.an somno;to sell for some:time, but |
LU e himade o' cheese till this season, t
man bulfid it much more profltable durin t
Mr. th warmest weather to make cheese. t
mak' e TI . e amount of, milk that will e
make one pound of butter will make r
three pounds of cheese, and in warm a
weather there is much more difference s
. inafvuor-of cheese. .. Then it i almost!
impossible to .get.-.butter, to market in, ~a
fobod oqndition; ~hile el eese is primre. ii
me. .Wec..ommence dmaking cheese early in t
'Go July last, and when the first cheese a
was three weeks old it was ushejeii on a
ttl'ti le, ad. i'ea4 Jpoziouned a
g4od, i ang' all. that have bought or '
stedsof-our cheese have pronounced ii
ae them good; and we are well pleased tI
me wit the enterprise. So I propose to n
ea ive giethod of making cheese, and p
.nye fiily with a few cows can make p
t lr own cheese, and I think the time fi
old will soon come when there will be. m
ra good dairies and cheese factories es
row tapllislied ip the south. -In the first
S'plice, everythlneg mnist be kept scru
mral pulously sweet and glean about the tI
e Is milk,.an"l ve.~els epntaining, it. 5
s" As we: had :but few cowst and being sl
led eptirely deistitute if all5cliease appara
ion tus, I took a fifty-pound tin lard tub Pl
d for a cheese tub, and a large dish pan fr
- for a warming and scalding vessel.
The milk at night is strained into ca
pans and cooled, so that it will be per
fectly sweet in the morning, when the ti
thickest of the cream may be taken off or
do for butter, as it would be partially m
ts. wasted if not: then put the milk into at
- the tub and set into the dish pan of hot Cc
vatea to -warmp the milk, having the bi
night's milk warm at the time the ti'
morning's -flck Ei ready to strain, sh
which we then strain into the tub with i
t e ,nigit's naill", and put.in immediate- in
ly'enough rennent water, or extract of M<1
rennet, to coagulate or curdle the co
milk in from ten- to twenty minutes. ph
When the curd is sufficiently hard, cut or
it carefully with a long knife into re'
checks one-half to three-fourths of to
an inch square, and let stand till the
whey begins to appear in the knife
marks; then add hot water to the dish cal
-paanto scaldthe -crd an and- nt ndstir it
the curd continually till it is about as is
fine as kernels of corn, and is -scalded tal
*until you can take a handful of the be
curd and squeeze it in the hand, and it Ie
will pack together instead of running is
out between the fingers. Then dip or it
pour off the whey and let the curd cool it
Soff, and salt sufficiently to be good to tiv
eat. -if the weather is very warm it we
should be scalded and salted more set
than later n. - the season. It is then silo
ot ready for he press. Any questions poi
relative to cheese making and taking is
care of them, and the cure of rennets. dri
etc., I will- answer if desired. -Cor. ket
Farm-and Ranch. to'
A NOXIOUS WEED.
Another Weed Pest That is (naiing a Firm
S- Foothold.
A weed has found its way into sev
eral places in southern Kentucky that tie
I fear will soon become so abundant
.that it will not be easily held in check.
This is a near relative of the commion il
cockle-bur, or "'cuckle-burl" as it is lo
cally called-the Nant hiuiaspinuosuni, -
1.., spiny cockle-bur. This plant makes a st
its best growth lduring August and con
September, when other weeds are less
aggressive, and is a low, branching wam
d weed, about a foot high and spread- Sell
s ing to a diameter of from one oft
s to three feet. It is armned at -
s the base of each leaf with a clus- of
f ter of three sharp stlrw-olored spines The
one inch long. These thorns, together aft,
e with the bur, nmake it a formaidable
weed to encounter. The leaf is a deep, pro,
glossy green, veined with white; tie thal
contrast with the bright golden spines inst
Sniake it a irathlitr Pretfy foliage plant, pro
but for its habit of spreading and be- livi
Scoming a'nuisauc,
I noticed in 1890 while in Franklin thi
Sthat this was a common street weed, to h
bordering the streets for the width of feed
Sfrom tihree to mix feet on either side,
forming an impenetrable mass, and ex- p
.tending fo- blocks, and also .along
the sevril road. into tmhe. coun
ty. I wa~s told by-a promnieEteitizen cliS
tujre that the authori ies were hiring ba
nae-t. a dollar a "da to dig it up,'as dair
it had become such a pest. 'iThere it is d
· eromeously called the Canada thistle.
The true Canada thistle has not made -
its appcarance here, though I have a sie,
specimen gathered at laxington. so Ic
A word of warning should be uttered Te.
against this spiny or thorny cockle- cond
bur, as it is a disagreeable weed to a Sic
handle in gardens, and also for the -1
bordler- -f -streets -and roadsidkles. Its who
wea:pons of defense lare such that it inlg 1
forms an impenetrable barrier to man for t
or to stock, and unless weeded out ere beef
the 'burm ripen is easily carried from nutr
plce to ~ .e, thnhus spreading over a faite
witer arat ti conminff season. corn.
SourteParalo tere was not a sin- -J
gipl in os-w g Green. A year to be
ltt hnbnJpl e~t wis observed near a tilit
sales stabe, ear le.venth street. at Sow
year it usnteileE o-i"Sde three or and I
four streets, and dense clumps of it is ne
a__ e 7se 0-'one-ef the turn- fertil
x "."z i fgrom' 1mt;. This year ped
there is still more of it and it has _
reached Rservoir hill. In fact it has. bute
qon to stay unicss vigorous efforts neare
.eMdSb 11 all, whether they own the othe
.olpearty ear o.r not,, to exterminate Tvel
t-or-Farmers' Home Journal.
FEEDING WHEAT.
}mat 'Sho b Swed
To qotPly with my promise I now jent
'dive 1 etm~oe s res on feeding wheat Each
to -hg-- On :t~' it .t of Augst I daily
vill
en damy ran from three to four eeson
Swater buckets ofwhe lreri 'iji'Fi"
"ats, fed them near a pond of fresh water In
ten a lot of 10 acres set in bluegrass. When;
per I weighed them on the 12th I began to
per e..th . c ;Jl wkýtladie i
per Pt tq retr bot the 1th of On
hose -W T. Clore, in Farmers' Home
al- -our___.
l of Thu dolor oft Mana
idy- We often hear, says one of our to"
lied eign exchanges, a dairyman boast ,of
our 'je" fiet ghat Iip cows give a "rich
our lool aig' infl " hIence arises the ques
len- tion; "Does a light color always indi
a to cate apoor' nilk,. and does  -yellow
coloralvways thdicate a rich, milk?" As
ame a matter of fact, color of milk- is no
but safe guide to its r ness in fat con
son, tents. Theolor-of he strippings and
in the first mihk -will answer -this" ques
ese. tion. The stripp'ings are usually six or
will eight times richer- il fat than the cor
ake ree powing 'lrstnIllkkings, and yet both
irm are of the same color. One -authority
ne ts t ist hlohingicaIe -i milk
o stu -ei eaL comlpound,
in. 'and lie allit lactochrosme, and says it
r'e. is this compound that gives milk, but
rin ter and whey its yellow tint. ,; TIe
ese amount of this coloring' matter ii the
on milk is influenced by the food of -the
ied animal as well as by its individuality:
or That the color of milk is not a certain
red index of its fat contents is borne out by
sed the white butter usually produced on
to winter food, and the golden-hued June
ad product,*thoughl June grass milk is not
ike phenomenally rich in- ,fat--thoughithe
me fat is highly colored.-N'ational Dairy
be man.
es- - --- - ,
rat How to Apply Fertillzers.'
ru- In applying fertiliazer itisimportant
.he that they be so scattered and mixed a
with the soil as to encourage the c
ng spreading of the roots and plants, and i
ra- also to place the necessary jmmbunt-of n
ub plant food-within the reaoch of the roots a
an from the very fl-st. ]"
It is generally best tosow them broad- t
ito cast or drill and work well into the soil s
er- before planting. Vhen a small quan- C
he tity of fertilizer is applied to each hill c
aff or row at planting - time, it acts
Lly mainly as a stimulant to produce g
Ito an early and vigorous start, which is c:
ot considered necessary for the tobacco, I1
lie but often renders the crop more sensi- o
he tile to drought. In any case care A
n, should be taken to mix the fertilizer ii
th with the soil, so that it will not come g
e-in contact with the seeds or plants. A
of Most fertilizers, and especially those li
he containing much nitrogen, soluble at
s phosphoric acid, or potash, will injure w
at or.destroy young plants if brought di- et
to rectly in contact with them.-Ken- ce
of tucky Agricultural Station Bulletin. to
ie Canned Fodder. al
fe Ensilage is nothing in the world but
il canned fodder. You take fruit and can
ir it and use it upon your tables, and if it
as is properly canned it is nearly as pala
d table as fresh fruits, as near as it can
le be. Now, we take fodder and by re
it means of a silo we can it. A good silo
ig is an air-tight building, or as net r as
sr it is possible to mae it, and in he
o1 it is placed the food in a com ara- or
to tively green state; the enornmous
it weight of the green food causes it to fi
re settle. The weight of ensilage na di
in silo when settled is from forty to 6fty «
is pounds per cubic foot, and the r'3sult
IR is that it settles so compactly a; to CO
s drive the aiir out, and the ensilage 'il
r. keeps so long as the air is not allowed oU
to come in contact with it.-Farners' A
Home Journal.
S - ---- I
HERE AND THERE. jm
-Raising our own dogs and buying l0
our hogs. is a custom more honored in
the breach than tihe observance. It
-Boiled pine tops and put in slop -1
n ill cure thumps in hogs. Turpentine on
is also good. - ol
--The first oil well in Am.ierica was on
a small farm in the mountains of Wayne sft
d county, Ky. It. was discovered in 1829. did
s -Keeping a lot of idle cockerels is a the
waste of feed, and a general nuisance. sai
Sell theni or eat then to get them out 1y
e of the way.
S --Gecse can stand a greater amount the
of old age than any domc.-.ic fowl. on
s They are at their best for breeding hoi
r after the first year. the
e -One acre of good stock hens will l'h
prove more p-ofitable in twelve months
Sthan four acres of wheat or corn, and ver
Sinstead of exhausting the land they im- you
iprove it. lnt they must be properly .
- divided and housed. oa
-Recent and lnumerous tests :houv
that a mixture of corn and wheat fed the
to hogs of the right sort will net tihe
feeder from seventy to eighty centsa
per bushel. This beats the market hd
price of either of these grains. con
-A sleek. well-rounded cow is very -
handsbdhie a~fd iight becut bl~into er- not
cllent roasts anti steai , butas·-is not tak
handsome in the eyes of practical res]
dairymen. She puts her fat uponter ter
pc. :on, and- not irrn- the pall. eve
-It is barbarous, as well as expen- Sia
sie, to confine or ship fowls in coops -
s lowv they-can not stand up straight. the
T'he.punishment causes them to loose visi
condition, and become in consequence wht
a slow sale. on
-It is beginning to dawn upon those "A
Iwho eat beef for the purpose of sustain- US.
ing bodily vigor and health rather than
for the pleasures of the palate, that our Cal
beef is made too fat. T'here is more
nutriment in a given weight of gr-ass- chai
fattened beef than that fed largely on, any
corn. kno
-The policy that permits the ground g
to be bare all winter to have its fer- lava
tility leached outby ramns is disastrous. mot
Sow it down in rye or barley, pasture
and plow under in springR if the ground
is needed for other crops. A pound of hay
fertility maced is as good as a ponld ap- Jul3
plied, and coata .e, t.e..
-Chickens to eqt are weil enough, not
but e ugss we EuMhceir. ~Egsc n ac.e
nearet being curpeat cash than Aftq
other pt;odutct of th arm oi.doo . said
Twelve eg'are kio for tolSve tsany
and -the moae eg-producer wem ve: ke
the moreejails will follow as a nsral fo
eA ilo Stwenty-two fe·st - e-mndt K
4welu4e-qwere..eqs ewRi-hold-fet.ed-sed
cient to last tuvel\erevfii six months. P
Bash will -onslnsn&abobat gixty pondsd yo
daily, The comabeni sh d Miet'sae hot- a
.ls be llfjlt t e
fiderate udes t I. t
tie of Shilt is now one of the faculty
son - ih os lite,'th head of the
Saex sCatholic church, is about
-. ~ .f age, and was for a time
Sin e a rgid;tof'the Episcopal church.
t to tr of 'St. WFchl'e -Vethodt Episcopal
r- church, n ti, haanbeeh unani
e.: mously eit to the chrft otjwactical
,me theolog .the Boston univesity.
-Thete is a Christian Endeavor soci
- tr4n -* rmtIa nq member of which
onhs eps u htln 'ne mile to attend
every meeting. Many members travel
ic ai·ees-pt froes three . to..t*lve
S -ti'hen Bethany college wa und
di- in 4840 by Alexander Campbell, the
SBible:ahsnfiide. a text book, the Dis
Sciples -being the first to i-ntrodnce
no the study of the Bible as a text book in
. the re ular college curriculum.
-There are found in China ltany
men who are willing, for five dollars a
month-a bare appport-and sometimes
thfor nothing, to go about preaching
ity Ch-istihnit,  hT of the iiativelielp
ilk -ers make- loti and systematic ifieer
ad,stics.
a it  . tlBltnd informstheSltudents
ut- of Oxford that their annual custom of
'.e bringing in a boar's head to their
the Christiuas ban'quelt is a survival of the
he sacrificial banquet the old Vikings used
to.hlold in honor rf ]reye, the Norse
sun god. t
by -Lillian Tomn, a Cornish girl, has ,
on taken a first in the law tripos at Cam
ne bridge. She had studied three years 8
tot on the continent, where she entered
ho Girton-in 1800; and in the intercollegi
ate examinations she was first in the
first class on each occasion. She is I
pretty, vivacious and particularly fine t
in her dress. .
at -No age can do 'God's whole work,
ed so he put ages in succession. No man
he can do more than set a portion, so God
md is ever sending fresh men. God's
of method of iejuveaneseenee is not to'dip
dts an old man in a stream which renews
his youth, nor to mix for him an elixir
d- to wing away his years. It is the yi
Ail springtime method of rejuvenescence
n- which sends fresh leaves upon the an- p
ill cient tree.--Berry. -
ts -The degrees of bachelor of arts
ce granted to the five graduates of Bad- w
is cliffe college (nee the Harvard annex)
o, last Tuesday are equal, as certificates th
si- of learning, to Harvard degrees of sa
re A. B. They are just as imposing, too, to
Sr in their Latin phraseology. The de
ie grees are signed by "Elizabeth Cary '
s. Agassiz, president of Radcliffe col
se lege," and underneath in a potent post- be
le script, President Eliot, of Harvard,
re writes: "The degree is in all respects
i- equivalent to the' one to which in like
n- case we admit Harvard students." And
to this the college, seal of Harvard is I
attached. bn
it WIT AND WISDOM. Y.
-L-ook within. Within is the funa- '
t tain of good, and it will ever bubble to
up if thou wilt ever dig.-Marcus Au
a relius Antoniuc.
--Safe Courage.- "Windmore is a ti
great man in a fight, isn't he?" "Yes: o,
he invariably distances all competit- C
ors. "-Detroit Free Press.
--Yabslcy--Yo fellows came home
from your*fishing trip empty-handed, lib
didn't you? Mudge-Yes, our hands idc
awere empty.-Indianapolis Journal.
--aMr. Oldstyle-I don't think that a -
college education amounts to much. in
Str. Sparerod-Don't you? Well, you rc
ought to foot my boy's bills and see.-
n. Y. World.
-She (at the shore)-Do you know,
I can always tell whether a man is
married dr not? He (on flirting bent)
-Yes: but for heaven's sake, don't.
Itoston Transcript.
--lie (slightly rude)-I called because
I thought you were out. She (sweetly)
-Well. do you know, I thought I was
i out. too. The maid must have thought
yon were some one else.-Answers.
S--Enough to Support.-She-I am
Safraid there is no hope. IIe-Eh! What
did your father say when you told him
that I wanted to marry you? She-lHe
said he couldn't afford it.-N. Y.Week
ly.
-WVho is a true man? He who does
the truth, and never holds a principle
on which he is not prepared in any
hour to act, and in any hour to risk turl
the consequences of holding it.- the
Thomas Carlyle. em
-Mrs. Younglove-I purchased some tio
very tender beef to-day, dear; how do
you prefer it? 1r. Younglove-Real- cial
ly, I don't know, love; but where I nes
boarded.that sort of beef was always me
rare.--Syracuse Post.
-She (meditatively)--I ionder how le
the expression "facing the music" ever
came to be used as indicating cour- plac
age? lie-The man who originated it faen
had probably sat through a WVagner derm
concert.--luffalo Courier. the
-"Now,' said the physician who is spu
noted for hit heavy charges, "I must
take your temperature." "All right," ,
responded the patient in a tone of ut
ter resignation. "You've got about o
everything else I own.--Vashington Oio
Star. "A
-.lohnny Asker-Say, Paw; what's P
the difference between a visit and a whic
visitation? lHis Pa-A visit, -my son, is l
when we go to see your grandmother I hle
on your "ither's side. "Yes, sir." £
"A visitl .,u is when she comes to see wil
us. "-li-ufftalo Courier. tion
--Diminished Enthusiasm.-"The lo
cal team must have been playing very
poor ball," said the experienced mer
chant. "W'hy,I'1 didn't know you paid
any attention to baseball." "I don't
know anything about it, except whaa
I.gather from casual observation.
have noted that my office boy's grand
mother has died only twice this sum
mner.-Detroit Free Press.
-' Paw," said the small boy, "kin
have any fireworks on the Fou'th
July?" "Yes; if you will let me shoot
them doff for you;" replied thepytudent
father. The propositioa was evidently
not completely satisfactory, but it was
accepted as being better than nothing.
After a minute or two-..the youngster
laid; mUlaw." "' Wlats it?" "Is there
any more pie?" "'Vd." "Wtell, "ld
like'a piece if iisw 4ot ~ wntb td ~ t 'it
for me. Y.---alagg.,. .. ., .,
Kones--W hat have yoe raisad that
young bootkebptinal:-rij f Ma
yous know that -the yog sg det M -
to rctine rlhe'~s ini~resiastt~vt~
- DYouW; shth a.
Finest grepd and ~CARk
It is conceded that the Royal Baking, Powder is the,
purest and sti`rigtst'bf all the baking powders.
The purest baling pgwder makes the finest, sweetest,,
most delicious food. * .
The strongest baking powder makes the lightest food.
That baking powder which is both purest and strong
est makes the most digestible and wholesome food.
Why should not every housekeeper avail herself of
the baking powder which will give her the best food
with the least trouble ?.
Dr. Haines, of Rush Medical College, Consulting
Chemist of the Chicago 'Board of Health, says: "Royal
is not only the purest, but the strongest baking powder
with which I am acquainted."
Complete.
nts "Did you ever try the faith cure,
of Tompkins?"
ir "Yes. It cured me too."
e "What of?"
ed "Faith in the faith cure."-Judge.
se -Three things too much, and three
too little are pernicious to man; to
as speak much, and know little; to spend
m- much, and havelittle; to presume much,
rs and be worth little.--Cervantes.
i --Alexander I. of Russia was called
e the coxcomb czar, from his particular
s Ity in dress. He was also denominated
ne the Northern Thor.
ORE trouble with the world is that every
man wants to measure his neighbor's cloth
n with his own yardstick.-Ram's Horn.
's THERE is said to be a tree in New Guinea
which when touched knocks a man down.
It must be a species of boxwood.-Tid-Bits.
ir HER FATrnE (sternly)-"Young man, do
e you play poker?" Her suitor--"Why--er
ce that is, once in awhile, I or-" HeroFather
's-"Well, let's have a game."- Syracuse
Post.
"s "How nrn Oldenrich start in life, any
t- way ?" "He was born."-Brooklyn Life.
"THAT government is best which governs
5 the least." When little Johnny read this. he
f said: "I'l have to show that to dad."-Bos
ton Transcript.
KAsir--"WVhy don't you put a check to
that fellow who is everlastingly dunning
you?" Bilker-"TVhat'd be the use? The
tDank wouldn't pay it."-Buffalo Courier,
C BLaCKSTON--"I don't see why you wear
~ sour hair so short." Grayimure-"No.-oyou
d on't know my wife."--N. Y. Herald.
INQUIRER-"Does a fish diet strengthen the
brain I" "Perhaps not; but going fishing
seems to invigorate the imagination."-N.
Y. Weekly.
. TEInRE art, a good many people who uaiit
to do good, but they are going to wait until
to-morrow to begin.-Rau as Horn.
THEiRE is a big, fat girl clerk in a confec
tioncry store on Ridge avenue. ""VWhat do
you weigh -" a fresh customer asked her.
'Candy," she swectlyreplied.-l'hiladelphia
Record.
S "Ov what does Skiflins base his suit for
libel?"' "On a casual reference to him as the
ideal juror in a calital case."-WVashington
Star.
SWHE. a retired railroad magnate started
in the gents' furunshing goods business it
seemed second naturelto him to announce a
great run on ties.-Yonkers Gazette.
BUDS, Society
buds,, young woe.
men just entering
the doors of soci
ety or woman
hood, require the
wisest care. To
be beautiful and
charming they
must have perfect
Shealth, with all it
implies - a clear
skin, rosy cheeks,
bright eyes and
, good spirits. At
this period the
young woman is
especially sensi
tive, and many
nervous troubles,
which continue
through life, have
their origin at this
time. If there be
pain, headache, backache, and nervous dis
turbances, or the general health not good,
the judicious use of medicine should be V
employed. Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip.
tion is the best restorative tonic and nerv
ine at this time. The best bodily condition
results from its use. It's a remedy spe
cially indicated for those delicate weak
nesses and derangements that afflict wo
menkind-at one period or another. You'll
find that the woman who has faithfully
used the "Prescription" is the picture of
health, she looks we'ell and she feels well.
In catarrhal inflammation, in chronic dis
placements common to women, where there
are symptoms of backache, dizziness or 1
fainting, bearing down sensations, disor
dered stomach, moodiness, fatigue, etc.,
the trouble is surely dispelled and the
sufferer brought back to health and good
spirits.
"WOMAN'S ILLS."
MRS. W. R. BaTES, ef
da'uorl/. Trumbull Co.,
OAio, writes:
.'A few years ago I
took. Doctor Pierce's
Pavorite Prescription,
which has been a great
benefittome. I amin
excellent health now
I hope that every wo
man, who is trohbled
with women's ills,'
will try the , Presfticip- s"
tion' and be benefited
as I have been." Mss. SATES.
For Twenty Years
Boott's Emulsion has been endorsed by physicians of the"
whole world. There is no secret about its ingredients.
Physicians prescribe
Scott's Emulsion
because they know what great nourtshibg and eurative prop
erties it contain They know it is what it is represented
to b; namely, a perfeot emulsionof the best Norway Cod
liver 0il with the ypopphopites of lime and soda.
por 6 onu. GoldsPm ,' .ahs Wetk Lungs, C pi
tison B ,Ana asE, TpMis, 2le i QThi dee1 aiebmaa
a+mS.,.pur o rF..l, aq asGpblaedaam es.u arnfwjlg.
-·I.
Tam Lady of the House--"Why don'tyou
go to work? Don't you know that a rolling
stone gathers no moss?" Browning, the
Tramp-"Madam, not to evade your ques
tion at all, but merely to obtain information,
may I ask of what practical utility moss is
to a man in my conditionI"-Tit-Bits
-Fio -"What would be your opinion of a
man who borrowed a V of you one day and
cut you dead next time he met you?" Fogg
-'It would not be necessary to give an
opinion when he had settled the matter thus
conclusively."-Boston Transcript.
IN the Market.-New Clork-"What shall
I wrap these chicken wings in?" Boss
"Fly paper, of course." -Detroit FreePress.
HaaRTS are like apples; thay fall when
they are ripe and get picked up by the first
comer.-Kato Field's Washington.
HE who wisles to live for art must not
live by art.-Fllegende Binetter.
There's
a Money In It
S --washing with Pearline. There's
ease and comfort in it, too, and
safety. There's wear saved on
every thing washed; there's
3 work saved in every thing you
I do. There's no time wasted,
/ and little time spent. There's
nothing-like Pearline. There's no harm if you use it, there's
no reason in doing without it.
reddlers and some unscrupulous grocers will tell you.
"this is as good as" or "the same as Pearline." IT'S
FALSE--Pearlinc is never peddled: if your grocer sends
you an imitation, be honestsed it 6Ac. '89 JAMES PYLK. New York.
READ A TAKE A
FACT HIT
GIVE.
PERFEt.
SATIS 5FACTION
WHEREVER
TRIED
SOLD EVERYWHERE
STHEN.K.FAIRBAIK GOMPANY. ST.LOUrs.
Farmer /IJ/
N6DOnS6t Watr ....
- -I
F Proof Fdrar.l GS ' /
for Hoaes. Barns enhoe Wri. t4 Hotbeas c
(lreenhouses. iltb, Hays- F. W. BIRD
Waron Covers, etc. r
gToIe,€st very much &i F SW iiLOOK for the
S'"n-es and ',wear for years. .ON I.-r ,o r
They are absolutely Water-Proof
,Vero-Prof. Snow-Proof. - LITTL GIRL ".
Nails add Til Cap with each -olo Maker,
roil of Red Rope Roofin East Walol,MSaSS. ON ALL GENUINE " NEPONSET."
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN,
'or
oa JrOIe I , Iwec
rteu emuoh mao-y b minwl-r[.
3a w • ts r JIrto. largeomt m ieo "
S gradeot Shoes In thewold. aulju e ot k I
value b i s plr the a mou ane r i, - to
'bttom, which p r oIeae luee sb n
t h e m i d d l e m a m ' p r od t . O u r a~ s e q u a l
work In style easy rting anad wearetn q
We have them sold everywhere atIow wle
the valu lven than any other mate. '
o deaiercannot supply yeu. welma.
Rc. John Reid, Jr., of,
mended Ety's Cream i at esI
to me. Ican empaie his.
statemenat, aIt U a 'eipos"tlc
cure for catorrh if used a
directed. " - Re. Francis
W. Paole, Pastor COntral aQ
Pes. Church, Helena. ion.
ELY'S CREAM PALI
Opens and oleanses the Nasal Passages. Allays Palt
and InflammatLIon. IHeals th'e Bores. Protes the
Membrane from colds. Itestores the Senses of Tast
and Smell. The Balm Isquiloy absorbed andgtvet'
rellef at once.
A particle Is applied Intoeaehb nostril and tsaWr-s.
rable. Price 50 ents at Druggists or by mall.
ELY BtOTUERSEI. S, Warren Stet. New York.
MAILED FREE
to a Iny rme or Farmer's Rife
"s UP TO DATE DAIRYING"
cntalning full IJstruction how to secure
Higher Grade Products. make
E3 thut
miSE eurrui .,. IEr'E I mIE
ý9$E BýýG® will bregi ryDI
and with Less Labor get pore Money
RerweLg and explainlns in pa-ctical manesr...
TN IIORMANDy (rFuu.) SYISEM
DANISH DAIRY SYsTEM Aua
ELOIN SEPARATOR SYSTEM
.c. bae broght presperity and ease to the odaibeiib,.
\Vvie fe thbis Velesble Ttnuftatilen. ]bialed 1R~E~ E
appicaton. Kindly send adde-ss of nelgbholeto tarmac
who own cows. Address R. LBSPEASS -
Eas. Sect Col,an & ,40 W. Latiw
mind. Dairy Atwedattens N Sn ie
_ irr M~ F