THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 21, 1895.
nnnn n u um nu n mn mm mm • m nt mmnmmun uno mn nn u n n I N ' d i -n  J ... k''m i "-" " nn n .. • n m n nwm
MOUTON EBROS.
-DHALERS IM
General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Qoods.
Lincel Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
C. A. VOORHIES,
ADDRESS:
Dcrliny and Esplanade Sis., New Orleans, Lt
Represcnts
W M. H. LEE & CO.,
W HOLESALE
LIQUORS,
713 and 7IS Lucas Avenue,
ST. LOUIS. MO.
W. BERNARD,
Barber Shop,
Domengeaux Building,
Near Southern Pacific Drpot.
CHAS. D. CAFFERY,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
Office on Madison St.. LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.A.ttorzI3eys ct I ~iV,
LAFA YETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
ED Stable.
L;nccin Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at roasonable prices
Dareful drivers furnished when required
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette., St. Mary
and Vermillion l'arishes. and the Su
premn and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
LAFP  E'TRl. LA.
R.UILROAD BARIBERI SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
\ JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
MT. CARMEL CONVYT
LAPAYETTE, $.A.
The system of education includee the
French and English languages, Museo
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comft'rt of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT anI SUPPLY SHOP.
Near fBank Suellding.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor,
Lowest prices, consistent with worml
done. All work promptly attended to,
Satisfaction guaranteed.
II. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA
E. G. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lafayet., La.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years,
and in Lafayetto Parish 1i years, calla
attention to his new and successful treat
ment of the respiratory organs. Medi
cal inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cure lx
Consumption, in the first and secon
period if they follow exactly the treat
sent and relief in the third period.
Deafness and chrnico diseases in won.
eral a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Publio
-ANSD--
Justice of the Peace.
Careful and prompt attention given t
the collectton of hill.. acont is, noteo or
raft . Sale and purcuase of lands at
tended to. 1-19
G. H. MOUTON,
,.ttorney at I ,s w,&
•S (tutlamvW. lSa
GRATEFUL BEAR CUBS.
talo of a Potato Field by a Mani
from oSinuomahnonIng Way.
fijs Uncle's Power of Rememberlng. Ills
Father's vuslness Idela, and 111
Own Willingness to Take
Iomeor's Place.
"lonestly," said the man from Sin
nemahoninfg way, "I feel sorry for
this side of the monntatti every time I
come over froim old Sinnemnahonet I
do, really! Honest, I do! Why? BIe
cause, in the first place, this side of the
mountain seems to feel its littleness;
and its away-dow-n-in-the-de,thsth~ss,
as it were, and I eqn see It t"ltldering
:vlhat it's on, enrtht for. knowing that
Sinnemahone is just over beyond, kick
ing its heels in the air, so to spealt,
like a I:amb on the Irillside nd Rlvcelling
up, and looking assy. as it it inmight be
a steer in the ontsL And, in the second
place, because I llave notieO4 it prepon
dcrance of yaller dog on this side of
the mountaln. and then this side of the
mountain's bears ain't up to 5nuff, '1ll
fares the land, to hastening ills a preayi
whlere yaller dogs neoittlllate and
bears nin't gayl' Sorry? Why, I'm so
sorry for this side of the mountain that
if I-had a besom of destr,',etiol With
me I'd sweep every one of your yhller
ofugs into the Allegheny river fyanden,
and then go and drieve a herd of Sinnc
tnahoning bears over here and give you
a new start in life! Sinnemnahoning
bears! Why, say, RHoner made the
mistake of his life in not waiting it few
thousand years anti being born on the
old Sinnemahone! Then he'd have had
something to twang his lyre ab.r.ut!
lie wouldn't have had to trarnp bare
foot over the hills of Greece and adja
cent bailiwicks, making heroes an:l
heroines out of more or less dirrep
nttable folks, bat he could have .stamp'ed
arti sloshed along the storied Sinnema
honing, in a pair of cowhide boots, and
sung of bear till the cows come home!
I often lie awake niirhts regrettin'g
that Homer mnale that mistiake. T'l'hor,
Sinnemnahoning bears ought to have a
[turomer to put 'em on record as they
should be put. l:ut all is not lost.
hllmer gave old Sinnemalihning the go
by, and preferred ancient ;reece to
bear's grease, but all is not lost. Old
Silunemahone may not have a homer.
but she has Mc! And if her bears don't
go down to posterity with bells oun ry
name nin't iPraxiteles Pettibone!
"The trouble with me is, my memory
isn't long enough to do the Sinuema
hone bear full justice. I have to deal
with him as a contemporary, and con
tetmporaneous history is a trifle dan
gerous to handle, for there are cther
people who are contemporaneous, and
the:,; may insist on proofs. It is mnuch
nicer to deal with history that was
contemporaneous with your grand
father, for then the burden of proof is
on him, andt all you have to do is to
cite authorities. Now, if I had a mem
ory like an uncle of mine once had, I
could go way back beyond this ques
tion with ease, and show up the Sinne
mahone bear in a shape that would be
much more amusing than any lhe has
put on within myw recollection, amazing
as that shape has frequently bo,'n.
That uncle of mine quit working his
memory, though, quite suddenly, and
the renetion hastened his death. lie
was letting it have full sway once, ajnd
after he had at last ca.lled it in, the
new school-teacher, wreio had never
heard my uncle remember before, said
to himn:
'" If I hIad your memory and fearless
ness in exercising it, I would write a
book and call it. "Recollections of the
Deluge, by a Survivor." '
"Somehow after that my uncle quit
rerne:nbcring and went into a decline,
and nIlver stopped this side of Jordan.
'\Vhen I was a boy, ten years or so
old, my f.ither, Rleuben Pcttibone, said
to inc one day:
"'"Prarxiteles,' said he, 'I s'pose yo~t
know them 'taters is to be planted to
day. I guess we'd better get at 'em.'
"I knew it well enough, but I had
just dug a lot of worms and Ihaf every
thing ready to go down to the creek
andl try for trout. So I said:
'" 'Yes, father. But the trout are
biting tremendous, so they say.'
" 'Is that :o?' said father. 'Well, my
son. I s'pose, then, you've been digging
idh wvorms?'
"' Yes, father,' said I, feeling good,
for' father was n. indulgent parent.
" 'And got your pole and line all
fixed ready, too, I s'pose?' said he.
",Yes, father,' I said. and felt just
as if I was as good as on the creek.
" 'WVell,' said he, '1 s'pose it wouldn't
make mnuch difference if only one of
us planted 'taters to-dmay?'
'Not a bit,' said I, 'if it don't make
any difference to you.'
"'No. it don't,' says he. 'You're sure
you got fishwormns enough?
" 'l'lcnty,' I said, starting to get my
pole.
"'And you're sure the trout are bit
ing good?' said he.
"'They were never biting better,
said I.
" 'All right,' said he. 'I guess I'll
take the pole, then, and go down to
the creek and see what luck I'11 have.
You go on planting 'taters as if I
wasn't here, and get in as many as you
can, for it's a good dlay for planting. If
you get that field all in to-day you can
go fishing yourself all next week.'
"I was a trifle set back, but I couldn't
help admire the preponderance of the
business idea in my father. It wasn't
ihbmngF that he cared so much about.
It was the getting in of the 'taters, and
you'll notice that he didn't make up
his mind to go a fishing until he found
I could get along with the planting all
right. Mly father was a remarkable
man in a good many respects, and it is
with feelings of great thankfulness
that I look back now and know that he
let business overpower indulgence that
day.
"Along back in March that year I
was out trying the maple trees, with
an eye to see hlow sap was running,
when out of the brash, off to one side
of me, an old she bear came rushinfg.
She hluggtd a cub to her breast in each
sycn, .'!..t.yin.r tottallly" rolled out of
-.
her eyes. She sawme andes~e eul:o.*sm
to my feet', wher ahd up iatcIh &tJW sI
and turited her eyes up at me with an
appealing loonk that almost made ma
sob. 1 soon know what was the mat
tcr with her, for tont n . thdt liiisit
sprang a tlerlnkindous big painther. lie
stopped when he saz*r iie anid glared
at me and the lsea faitifl 'the (Beld
hIas timinbled and moaned, and the
baby bears cried painfully human-like;
I grasped the hitdatinti a. tanee. e ' lerd
lra' lithing in the woods that panthcr:i
doted on as they did on fat, juicy
spring bear cubs, and the.v never he.si
tated to sei.*at!ii ciii right out of their
1t 1sther's arms, if they couldn't get 'em
anuy other way. This panther had got
oin the trikirit f tl'ri: par'tiddiaf beat
iliother and her little ones, and had
made up his mind to have a meal or
two on the eubs. She. had fldl ffdOn
hint; nhid 5dttii, d tile, had thrown her
self anti fanily on in:.- mercy, and wan
there appealiunf t'o nti to ::are lie: thil
dren; lust hi pjilai :ts plain could be.
"I don't suppo e it is necessary for
me to tell you that slid lrdulht her
cub:; tO hle right i~arket for safety. I
stepiecd loetween thatub glarfi:i panither
and that trcirlblidg, W.aili:; fatiliiy of
bears. 1 ha-l my ax with me. The
hears cro':e lce.1 at my heels and mnoaned
niudl :lin:d, 'rTh fa!%tlihei t'hbed his
tall nald glia:ted. lIc knewv what I was
there for, and nma:il up hi.s ntild to
shots tne how little ihe tlhought 1 knew
about it. lie lifted up hi:i voice and
yelled. Then he lifted up himself and
leaped straight at nc. I swung my ax.
ihre. r n curl lhtti pintite tntet In midair.
''lhe panther's 1loo- flew nroun' and
itussetd Inc uip eonsiderabl y, hitt I
couldn._'t help butt fc.al pleased over the
iway that ax had slid through him,
from his nose clear to the very tip of
his tail. One-half of the panther fell
on0 one sildeof Ine and the other half on
the opposite side. A hatcher with his
knife and eleaver coultdn't have carved
hill in t:'o ainy prettie-. I was" pleased.
I was. indeed. And the old hear tried
to lick asmy han'ls anul feet, she was so
grateful; but I stood her away, and she
took herself olt with her young ones,
her eyes beamin:_ with gratitude as far
as I could seet her.
" 'That's all right,' I. said to myself.
'I've saved them cubs. now, but they'll
grow up. Ill hinve some fun with 'em
one o' these days.'
"'So I went horme and thought no
more about it.
"The field we were planthue, to 'ta
ters had three acres i;n it.
" If I get it all planted to-clay I can
go fishing myself, all next week, can.
1?' I said to mnv-elf after father haG
gone. 'It'll take two men two days t t
plant this tiel 1, so I guess I won't go.
fishing next wele.'
",Wonderful head for business my fa.
ther hiad! Wonderful! I went I
dropping and covering 'Laters tand h.. I
planted about half of one row, when a
bear about as big as a shepherd dog
appearedl suddenly before me. 1'
scooped out a hole in the ground with
its paws, then went on three feet and
scooped out another one, straight
ahead, and right in the 'tater row.
While I was wondering yet what the
sassy young cub was' trying to gct
through him, I felt myself pushed
from behind. The push sent me pretty
near stumbling to the ground and past
the first hole the cub had dug. I hiac
some seed 'taters in any hand and some
of it dropped out and fell in the hole
I looked behind me to see who wat
pushing nc.e, ld there I saw anothe:
bear, the same size of the first one.
'This one had come forward and was
covering dirt over the 'tater seed I had
dropped in the hole. I looked ahead
at the other bear, and he was working
away, digging holes, regular and
straight along that row. \Vell, I
-wasn't quite a fool, and so I said:
"'llo. ho! I see! These are the two
cubs I saved from the panther when
they were babes in arms, so to speak.
And they have come to give me a lift
in my 'tater planting, to show their
gratitude."
"-And I went to dropping 'taters in
the hole thit one bear dug, and the
other bhu-r came along after me and
covered .x as slick and proper as I
would have done it with a hoe! There
wasn't a word said. I followed the
holo-digging b2ar right on his heels
andt dropped 'taters, and the other bear
followed close on my heels and covered
'eca, and the combination worked so
amazing wellithat by three o'clock in the
afternoon that who:e field was planted,
and planted better than it had ever
been planted before! \W'hen the last
hole was dug and the last'tater dropped
and covered, the t--o bears trotte-1
back to the woods, and I don't know
that I ever iaw them again. I hadn't
been home long when father came in
from fishing. llis luck had been poor
and lie felt a little testy.
"' Never mind, father.' said I. 'I'm
going fishing for a week, and I'll fetch
in some.'
" 'Fishing for a week:" said father.
" 'Yes.' said I. '1 tinished planting
the three-acre 'tater field to-day.'
"Father looked so seared that I told
him the whole story. After he heard it
he said:
"'Praxiteles, they may tie the old
Sinnemnahone one of these days, but
they'll never beat her!'
"And so 1 say, honestly, that I feel
sorry for this side of the mountain
every time I come over from Sinnema
honing way! I do, really: I do, in
deed!"
"Sinnemahone!"' said the man in the
red, blue. green, pink, purple and yel
low Mackinaw jacket, "if you felt half
as sorry ar.s this side o' the mountain
does you'd go and .hed tears with more
salt in 'em than there is in a bar'l o'
brine!"-- -Ed Mott, in N. Y. Sun.
-Every real master of speaking or
writing uses his personality as he
would any other serviceabla materia 1;
t/he very moment a speaker or writer
begins to use it, not for his main pur
pose, but for vanity's sake, as all weak
people are sure to do. hearers and read
ers feel the difference in a moment.
Ilolnues.
-'New York, the greatest of our
commercial citie- and the leading et
Iport, Is also the greatest mantufag
a5 mtathMb
WAGQES AND TARIFFS,
Lmmense Advantage of the W'jilso Lti
to Weorklnmen.
A eontemporary, whose distinction
in fhc! iistib'oef: of thiigs It dtnrl't know,
noies the revia ulhi1 tiit) mtiiitfricdte f
potter. in this country, at East LAier-P
pool, it (illi: 1'iis potteries have been
idle since the passage ,f the Ohi:aMsia
tariff until this week, it says, when
three-fourths of them .tarted up on
full time, aind the fiet are running
part of the time. Anxious to forestall
any credit that might be claimed by
the cletfl0eehts that this Ieslittl is dbe
to democratic legislation, it informi
its readers that it i-not, but that that
legislation gave it its black eye. The
pottery men, it says. git? ,ls the trua
reason that, "in order to renew opera
tions at all, and prevent their factories
froth fetahdinii iiidefintely idle, they
were compelled to cut prices to the
level of those of those of imported
gordis uinduer the new reliuced tariff."
This shows, ays our contemli porary.
how friendly the democratic recvenue
refortuel'rs are to the American work
ingman.
We are of one opinion with our con
tempornal id Its Inst statement. The
American workingmen, who t Intly ex
ceed in ntumbers the manufacturers of
pottery, will certainly not regret the
reduction of the cost of their pottery.
hIlt the eanily Intere:ting part of this
confu.sed jumble of statoemititt oitd de
duetion, is the reason assigned by the
pottery men for resuming. They have
been domplnlled to, reduna the price of
their wares to a point whcrr they
could compete with thue foreign tli
ported ware, inet'eare'l ili cost, by the
duty imposed. The avera-;e ad v;alrclm
tariff on their products under McKin
leyism was 60 per cent., whichl was r:
duced by the present act to 35 per
cent., nmaaiinitg reci rietion of a little
over 41 per cent. Under the present
lawv the cost of every $100 worth of
pottery imported is increased $33 by
the tax, making its cost $133. The pot
.ery men, if our contemporary is not
giving ts anrother piece of misinforma
tion, admit that, for every ..10 worth
of their ware. they add this $3:. of pro
tection so as to bring their price up to
the level of that of their competitors;
in other words, the pottery manu
facturers thus admit that they are
taking, as they have taken, to thepm
selves the entire benefit of the protec
tion afforded.
Apropos of this, and illustrating the
"paralyzing effect" of the latest tariff
act, we have the case of a Trenton, N.
J., pottery which, on January 10, ISOI,
three months after the passage of the
McKinley act, proposed to its employes
a reduction of 333? per cent of their
wages. The men went on a strike,
which lasted until April n0 that year,
when a reduction of 21 per cent. was
accepted, but was followed on Muay 11
by a further reduction of 7 per cent.
On June 1( of this year, the same firm,
under this "'black-eye"' tariff, increased
the wages of its employes from 10 to 40
per cent. The effect, then, of the re
duction in the tariff is only to reduce
the profit of the employers and in
crease wages, while the effect of the
McKinley art was to increase the
profits and decrease wages. We agree
that the comparison does show "how
friendly the democratic tariff reform
ers are to the American workingmen."
-St. Paul Globe.
THE TARIFF AS AN ISSUE.
An Experiment That Would Bring Disaster
on the Country.
As the Times has heretofore indi
cated, the reopening of the tariff agita
tion would be a most dangerous ex
periment at this time, or even next
year. The country has gone through a
severe strain, the result of the McKin
Iey law folly, and during the months
which have elapsed since the repeal of
that measure returning prosperity has
encountered a good many dlificulties.
But the work has been finally accom
plished.
To reopen the question now or in the
near future would instantly spread
alarm throughout the country, drive
capital back into concealment, de
throne confidence in the safety of in
vestments and minimize industrial
operations. To invoke such a condi
tion upon the people of this country
would be a crime equal to high treason.
It would plunge thousands of indus
trious people into idleness, despair and
ruin.
But, viewing the matter from the
standpoint of practical politics, the
democrats would not suffer from such a
contest. It would be those who aim to
restore the excessive taxation, the
blighting economic system, that
would be smitten hin and thigh. The
demnocrats don't in vite a contest on such
conditions. but if it comes they will
meet the foes of the people with such
force and vigor that the folly will
never be repeated. --Kansas City Times.
-Some of the republican lenders
and papers cannot get over their aston
ishment at the return of good times
while a. democratic administration is
still in power. They have argued out
the whole question to their own satis
faction in the past and have shown con
clusively that such state of affairs is
simply impossible, and now they dis
trust the evidence of their eyes. But
industrial conditions are by no means
dependent on political organizations,
though they may be more or less af
fected by these, and we are in for a
period of prosperity just now whatever
party holds the reins of government at
Vashington.-rrovidence Journal.
-This country grew rich under
the McKinley law for awhile, and the
fact deceived those s-lio knew no bet
ter. iBut the peeplu are now beginning
to n.derstsnd that the country in
c:rea ed in wealth not because of pro
tection, but in spita of it. They see
that the one billion dollars taken an
nually from the earnings of the pe
pie to enrich the trusts and favorites
was a draft upon the bone and sinew
of labor. They understand now that
this money serves as a fund ly which
earners may buy comforts for their
families, and thus increase the volume
of business amcm, n 5radesmen.-K~ma
City rimes
M'CINLEY'i POSITION.
A Mstter of Dense necertalaty Ameag
Ireptdlileans.
tMcKinley has a good deal of positive
strength and also a good deal of posi
tive weakness. The friends of a pro
hibitive tariff justly look to him as
their eitampion. They know that he
and his bill cannot be divorced, that
his eirndidature would mean MlcKinley
ism, and tihat hiselecticn would Insure
them the support of the executive of
flea for another extremely protective
law. llt the number who desire
this is tiltnch smaller than it was in
1ii8 sttid 1890. 'The McKinley bill was
a disappolntrnleit in several ways. It
disappointed the politicians by turning
vast numbers of them out of office. It
disappointed the workingmen because
it wvas followed by general reductions
in wages and no increase. It disap
pointed many of the manufacturers
themselves by failure to give them the
advantages expetctd and also by stim
ulating production to a point that was
followed by a break in prices. Finally,
It failed to yield revenue enough to
oupport the eotravagant scale of
eaponditture inaugurated by the Fifty
first coligressi leaving a deficit of
seventy million dollars in the last fis
Cal year of its operation. For tliese
and other reasons many republicans
wish to eliminate the tariff. lesides,
however willing others may be to make
the tariff the dominant issue, the free
silver olen are to be reckoned with.
They insist that there shall be a free
silver platform and a free silver can
didate, or they will not remain in the
party, but have a candidate of their
own. This indifference is in its nature
irreconcilable in any other way than
Sthe conversion of one's party to the
views of tile other. Mr. O'Connell's
suggestion that. a man be nominated
pledged not to veto a silver bill will not
satisfy either faction.
No ne knows where Gov. icKirley
stands on the currency. If they knes
his present position, they would not
know wher lie he would be next year. lie
has been on all sides of the question.
lie would not be satisfactory either to
sllveritcs or sound money men with
out much more explicit statements
than it has been possible to get from
him so far. The chairman of the re
publican national committee, Mr. Car
ter, who is a free silver man, is opposed
to McKinley. The latter is said to de
sire an early convention, to be held in
.May. so as to allow five months'debate
on the tariff.-Louisville Courier-Jour
naal.
THE WOOL DUTIES.
Barbarous McKinloy Taxattlon IVUI Iot
Be Resumed.
The suggestion of Senator Dubois
that "'the restoration of wool to the
dutiable list is the thing in which the
:-st is most interested," and that
this should be done likewise as a
revenue measure is not received with
enthusiasm by the New York Tribune.
That journal reminds the western sen
ator that wool duties cannot be re
stored without a restoration of the
McKinley taxes on woolen manu
factures, and that this is likely to
prove a difficult task.
Not only diflicult but impossible for
two years to come, with the senate
constituted as it will be and with
President Cleveland in the white
house. The attempt to increase rev
enue by raising the taxes on the cloth
ing of the people will not be success
ful at present, if ever again.
There are economic as well as po'
litical reasons for this. The short ex
perience we have had with free wool
has proved it to be for the advantage
alike of the growers of wool, the man
ufacturers and the people. We are
getting more clothing, better clothing
and cheaper clothing-with excellcnae
and durability as the test. The price
of domestic wool is ailvancing at the
same time with the wages of woolen
mill operatives.
This very practical object lesson
will not be lost on the people. The
political shepherds of Ohio will not be
able to "'pull the wool over their eyes"
nagain, especially as they remember
that the price of wool declined forty
per cent. during the four years of the
McKinley law.
The McKinley taxes of forty-four
per cent. on wools and ninety-eight
per cent. upon woolen goods were
anmong the most barbarous taxes ever
I imposed. They will not be reenacted
-N. Y. World.
NOTES AND COMMENTS.
--M3r. McKinley, as a doctor of
laws, should not be called in if the
tariff Iaw ever needs another prescrip
tion.-St. Louis Republic.
- There is more than a reasonable
groundl for suspicion that the McKin
levy oon was overworked by inter
ested parties with sinister objects.-
Chicago Chronicce.
--lUnder a high protective tariff we
manufa.ture, for the United States;
undcr a low tar;ff we manufacture for
the worldl. \Which is the better?
F'lorida Ti'inmes-IlTnion.
~-ils Gov. KcKinley of Ohio a Jo
Snah? In his management of the finan
Scial affairs of the state of Ohio the
Streasury has a dcliet of two million
Sdollars, and the tax rate is not sinfl
c ient to make it gcod.--Birmingham
a Herald.
- The price of wool is Increasing,
Sbut not by the aid of bounties, protec
tion and artificial nourishment. The
Sincrease is based on the industrial de
Smand from new woolen mills in all
parts of the country. "I hat is the
democratic tariff policy, which creates
ra better demand anti a higher price for.
Sraw materials by taking off the duty.
- --Chicago Chronicle.
- The report of general content
- ment and prosperity comes from the
- west as well as the east, and yet the
* New 'ork Tribune persists in having
Sthe tariff laws gone over again by Mc
- Kinley tinkers. It is apparent from
s this fool policy that WVhitelaw Reid
r does not intend to talke chances with
t another landslide by running for the
2 vice presildency. Secretary Lemont
r has been west to see for himsclf. Mr
a Reid sits down and from his prejudioeb
a evolves statements to please tlhogi
projudito, --Detrit lree Praeal
FELIX D EMANADE,
The Up-to-Date Merchant,
lZI'-al XEIC ,3DAP
Groceries, Crockery,
Liquors, Willowware,
Fancy Goods..
Fr esh a toeh ! -l-- --<- Pr-ices !
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to .I. E. TRAIIAN.
DRU(GGIISTS,
-AND DEALERS IN
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
Fancy and Toilet Articles.
School Books anld Stationery. Haise Ball (oods. Cigars
and Tobacco. Meillicr's Perf ltnes.
PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIGHT
P. DAMANADE & CO.,
LIQUORS,
Wines and Tobaccos,
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
A. J. 10OSS. A. EMILE 1MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON,
LUMBER,
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
OFFICE AND YARD:
Near Railroad Depot, : : Lafayette, La.
Cypress and Pine lIunlber. Rough ;iand I)ressed, Shingles,
Sash, Bllinds, Mlouldings, etc.
t Wagonzs, Cistern s;.
Screen Doors and Extension Screen Windows.
4ICYCLES.
* Are the
£ Highest
ofall
High
Grades.
Warranted Superior to Any Bicycle Built in the
V'orld, Regardless of Price.
Read the f, llowing opinion of one of the most prominent
a a merican dealters who has sold hrndreds of these wheels:
IIICH2IOND, VA., October 2, 15)4.
1 I a Frame, Wood Indiana Biycle('o., In.ianapolts. Ind.:
... . ha oTir. . ( enllemes °[ ra \Vaverlnt .4orr and Belle came to isand :estetday.
i n s......"...S." i't mean to eAl lst::t ti eel tails for e must a. that It
Rteel Rims. W verly i-s without exi-pt ion, thre prettiest wheel we hlatve ever seen. Sud. more
C'lineher Tires, weiuht over we lhave Ia hIII In it, although it velgsls only 22 poundls. or all oaverlys
24 pounds ...... 582.00 we have sold this year ;lnd Iast a-lndl you know thllt is a rlgllt good ntnl
aegular Frame. same bert we have nev. r had 1 aframlle nor fork broken. either from accident or
weights ....s.s.. .00 detect, and that i m onre tllan we can say for any otler wheel, however
iadies' Drop arnmde igh grade. o*o-calel. tllat ,e sell. We congratulate ourselves every day
same er ghts and tat 'e are the vaverly agcnts. Touts truty.
a Tires ...........TE C. MEB CEd & (0.
Ladles' Diamond. Vood
Rims,. wight. 21 ILLUSTRATED CATALOfUE FREE.
pounds ..........P75.00
Indiana Bicycle Co
Indianapolis, Indiana.
SB. CLEOQ, Exclusive Agent, : Lafatyette, Li.