lsFt R
first term,
s~AiailAAR s F$,;894- ruled on
In this
taught, it
bars to 20
ra .waEKiLY Second
£ jej 4ourna I first term,
oral, wrt
S -ag e~ight columin Democratic Word Pra
jinppr It contains the best of every
= a HENRY WATTERSON, Third
'hii e editor. Swintont
ice : $1.00 a Tear. Nichols
Tee WEEKLY COURIER-JOURNAL
*aske very liberal terms to agents, and Fourth
res' free premiums for clubs. Sample guage L,
copies aE the paper and and four-page Pre- Reed's V
atum Supplement sent free to any address. Introduci
Write to, teriedia
COURIERJOURNAL COMPN'Y v. s.; C
Louisville, KY Fifth I
The Lafayette Gazette gr;as
-AND- son's C
Lessons
Weekly CourierJournal ster's D
will be sent one year to any address for Sixth
One Dollar and 50 Cents, Graded
mediate
The Boston Traveller says the }Iansel
way to* "re-establish confidence is plete;
to be confident. No. 4;
If the the New Orleans, papers Engl
are correct the governor will order sells;
fhe special elections for the filling Lesson
of vacancies in the Legislature some- Physio
time in April. meno5;
Some Alaskan names are: Ahgo
methelanagamute, Ahgulakpagha- gli h
mate, Chokfoktoleghamute, Kah- Geom,
lukhtughamute, Kenraehanagha- sleeve
mute, Kyktoltowtin. sition.
Sch
Gen. Fltzhugh Lee, who was re- Th
cently defeated for the Senate before adopt
the Virginia Legislature, is said to High
be a candidate for minister to Nor- parist
way and Sweden. earn
The new United States Senator arran
from Virginia, Mr. Martin, never scho
chewed, smoked or drank, and does Io'co
not swear, and yet he is a successful 6th,
politician. in th
Croker, the grand sachem of s<
Tammany Hall, is very wealthy.
It is said that he made his money in
politics, and still some people say It
there is no money and very little in it
glory in politics. ea
Col. J. M. Hollingsworth, a
prominent politician, died in Shreve- A
port last Sunday. Mr. Hollings- pon
worth was a close friend of Con- i
gressman Blanchard and was the A
manager of his campaigns in the S
Fourth district and at the last session
of the Legislature. thir
The Daily Free Press is the name
of a new evening paper published in
New Orleans, with Col. J. C.the
Wickliffe, formerly of the Delta, as tin,
editor. Mr. Wickliffe is an able Bom
and vigorous writer and the Free Me
Press will no doubt be an interesting
paper. pre
William E. Gladstone got into the
year of great babies, 1809, only by
a sCatch. If he had been born ac
three days later he would be child for
of a year which was not so memo- tea
rable for its births. Among the
great personages who were born in c
- 8o9 were Darwin, Tennyson, Eli- w
zabeth Barrett Browning, Edgar A.
Poe, the Historian Kinglake, Men
delssohn, Jules Favre, Lincoln, th
. Hamlin, Oliver Wendell HIolmes. t
There is not much harmony in P
the Democratic party at present.
The leaders are in conflict on most
of the national issues, on Hawaii, w,
on silver legislation, on tariff re- ru
form, on the income tax. Get to
gether, gentlemen, and unite under
the leadership of Captain Cleveland.
Congressman Robertson, of this
. State, announced to the Democratic
caucus at Washington one day last s
week, that he intended to offer ant
amendment to the tariff bill placing
Scotton bagging on the free list. In
the Wilson bill cotton ties were
\put on the free list, and there is no
'-season why cotton bagging should
,n t be treated in the same manner.
The cotton produicers have been
-. comipelled, by the bagging trust, to
y~in exorbitant prices for bagging,
:,and unless something is done to
 4 "itect them against the greed of
"emanufacturers, it is more than
ielythey will again be imposed up
S There is not a classof men who
4me and need more protection
I-i the cotton producers; they
-been made to pay more than
of taxation, and this in
of the demoralizing prices
" "red for tidier produce. It
.oped that every Southern
t will stand by Mr. Robert
* elorth to pass this very
III v
K- - .,.
thi nksch4
First' Reader, k sf~i g Revised t The pec
first term, and Swinton's second term; slate cOct
titrled on one side;'chart. giving answe
[In this grade writing on slates should be -The go
taught, instruction given in making and g
writing short sentences, and lessons in num- ly a farm'
bers to 20o, using the numeral frame.] - life. His
SECOND GRADE.
SecondReader, MlcGeffey's Revised -the fluence Iu
first term. and Swinton's the second term; he has no
Languige Lessons, Long's Part I; numbers,
oral; writing on slates; spelling, Swinton's by the sts
Word Primer. his office
THIRD GRADE.
Third Reader, McGuffy's Revised and use Dover is
Swinton's for supplementary readi4 Lan- plicity.
guage Lessons, Long's Part II; Arithmetic
Nicholson's Primary; Spelling, Swinton's Scho"
Word Primer Completed; Coyy Book No. I. 1
L FOURTH GRADE. The Boa
d Fourth ReadetV McGuffy's Revised; Lan- The Boa
e guage Lessons, Long's Part Ili; Spelling, ish of Lafa
Reed's Word Lessons; Geography, Mitchell's slon with
I. Introduction; Arithmetic, Nicholson's In- Julian Mc
termediate; History, Hansell's Primary of Jasper. Sp
U. S.; Copy Book No. 2. Lesly. J.
FIFTH GRADE. ton.
Fifth Reader,.McGuffey's Revised; Graded - The miu
Lessons inu English, Reed and Kellogg; Geo- read and
e graphy. Mitchell's Intermediate: History The su
of Louisiana, .; Arithmetic, Nichol- report of
son's Complete; Spelling, Reed's Word ana order.
Lessons Complete; Copy Book No. 3; Web- 'Tie fo
I ster's Dictionry; Weekly Composition. accepted
SIXTH CRADE.
Sixth Reader, McGuffey's Revised; To the Ho,
', Graded Lessons in English, Reed & Kellogg Board
Completed; Geography, Mitchell's Inter- Gentler
mediate Completed; History of the U. S., able bod3
he ansell's; Arithmetic, Nicholson's Com- parish fc
is plete; Science Lessons, Paul Bert: Spelling, at public
Webster's Dictionary; Copy Book following
No. 4; Weekly Composition. R., 3 E.,
SEVENTH GRADE. the Ist w
English Classics; History of U. S.; Han- ii tect
er sell's; Grammar, Reed & Kellogg's Higher Ltaig 6
ing L.essons in English; Physical Geography, in the S.
Mary; Arithmetic, Nicholson's Advanced;n
ne- Physiology, Tracey; Civil Government, Ele- in by at
mentary Algebra, Nicholson; Copy Book od 40sec
No. 5; Weekly Composition. sahere :
go- EIGHT GRADE. lion.
ha- Hart's Rhetoric; Higher Lessons in En- In sec
glish, Arithmetic Completed; Wentworth's ing 556
ah- Geometry; Wentworth's Algebra; Gilder- Nos. Ia
ha- sleeve's Latin Primer; Anderson's English bid in b
History; Gage's Physics; Weekty compo- taining
sition. lot Nos.
School opens on Monday, Jan. 22. taining
The above course of study has been Roy, lot
Fore adopted as a graded coarse for the Parish in by N
to High School located at Lafayette, with the containi
view to systematizing the school work of the Higginl
Jor- parish, and all the teachers in the parish are Theri
earnestly requested to adopt and follow as taining
nearly as possible the course of study here Resp
ator arranged.
An examination will be held at the High On n
aver School building on Thursday, Jan. i8, at to it was
loes o'clock a. m., for the purpose of grading all several
children who are advanced as far as the 5th, thescht
;sful 6th, 7th, and 8th grade. All the children at the I
in the parish who desire to attend the com- table ft
ing session, are urged to be present. not less
Sof No charges made for admission. High balance
School is free to all. W. A. Lr.RosEN, proppe
[thy. Principal. uOn
the dir
Y in Stub Ends of Thought. thorize
say It is not the longest life that has the most school
pointil
little in it. Oni
A rosebud of a girl sometimes turns out to *ioo v
be a thorn of a woman. of the
A kiss is a song without words. On
Sunshine is the leaven of living. that st
v An ounce of realization is seldom worth a the Po
ings- pound of hope. and al
Con- Marriage is love's sacrifice. to run
a the A torpid liver is twin to despair. by thi
the Speech is a deformity in some people. th, to
Slander is vaporized venom. choosy
SSion We rarely find as much in a dollar as we appoi
think there is. duntin
durini
name Teachers' Institute. reaso?
LAFAYETTE, LA., Jan. 6, 1894. the ea
d in The Teachers' Institute met this day with The
F the following teachers present: A. D. Mar- FF I
a, as tin, J. C. Martin, Philip Martin, Chas. A. Jules
able Boudreaux, Ben F. roler, J. Fletcher, Alex Vm o
Free Meaux, Misses Kate Rand and F. S. Gr;eig, EH
Mrs. E. W. Glenn anti W. G. Webb. A E
MIr. Chas. A. Boudreaux was elected Berit;
president protein in absence of the president. Br'
'Miss F. S. Greig was chosen secretary pro Jaspc
to the CA
tem. LC
ly by On motion Mr. R. C. Greig was appointed \V B
born acommittee of onerepresent the teachers be- P 1.
child fore the School Board in the matter of 1 Ea
. e teachers' salaries. B F
The following subjects were then presented I.afa
gthe to be discussed: '-Learning by Heart," J. Julia
in in C. Martin; "Primary Geography," Mrs. E. Jasp
Eli- w. Glenn.
ar A. Mr. Fletcher was granted further time on i
Men- the subject of teaching by phonetic method.
oln he following subjects were alloted for
c the next meeting: "'Facts Before Rules,"
olmes. IMiss F. S. Grcig; "How to Prevent Whis
py in ering in School," A. D. Martin; "Govern
rsn ment of Ungraded Schools, Duties of Teach
esent ers, etc.." Philip Martin. Ac
ost Prof. R. C. Greig was appointed a com
awaii, mittee to confer with the School Board in ID)
iff re- reference to holding institute quarterly in
et to- stead of monthly and also if possible to
change the day from Friday to Saturday.
under C A. BOUtIDREALtX, President pro ternm.
eland. Miss F. S. GREIG, Secretary pro temrn. To
of this The Teacher in Recitation. tio
Raub's School IMagazine. im
cratic The teacher, while hearing a recitatione
y last should assumne a position that will enable gr
ffer an him to keep all of his pupils in sight. th
placing The teacher should be pleasant and af- we
st. In fable in his manner of teaching, and thusin
control his class by his own example. is
S were The teacher should so conduct his work fo
e is n so as to keep all in the class interested and i
should busy. of
manner. The teacher's language should be well
e been chosen ahd correct, that his pupils may not
lose respect for him because of his many is
bg, errors of speech.
aggi The teacher should be enthusiastic and
done to energetic, thus leading his pupils to feel the -
reed of importance of the work in which they are
ore than engaged. '
The teacher should be even tempered, not
sed up- permitting trifles to rutffle or provoke him to
nen who I scold and thus make his pupils disorderly.
otection I The teacher should he prompt in calling 1
s; they and dismissing classes, and prolmpt in his
ore than question and general class work.
S The teacher should be quick to change
this in his method of recitation the moment interest
g prices begins to lag.
duce. It The teacher should take as little of the re
Southern citation time as possible in reprimanding pu
Robert- pils. A simple shake of the head is.  ,re
this effective than a half-hour's scolding.
his Very The teacher should movr about oeoasion
ally inong, his popilse even during recita'
Sgiving answers. o andt. Us
- ~tat innear,,~i
•The governor of Delaware is usual- thereon, wt
ly a farmer who has lived a simple less than ci
life. His salary is small, his in- b 3d. alance inn
fiuence upon legislation smaller, as be rated at
he has no veto; he is not provided The Wt.s
u by the state with a residence, and rice at e 4
his offiace in the tiny state house at tons as to.
g ncleaned are
is plicity. retention c
' School Board Proceedings. 2 cents pet
S LAFAYETTE, LA., Jan. 6, 1894. at whateve
The Board of School Directors of the par- styles of ri
ish of Lafayette met this day in regular ses- duty. If
s sion with the following members present: not know
SJulian Mouton president, P. A. Chiasson, The wi
J asper . Spell, D. Bernard and A. C. Gull- din
beau. Absent: H. Theall, Dr. ec . W.an at in
Lessly, J. O. Broussard and J. S. Whitting- the time t
ton.it would c
e Tohe minutes of the previous meeting were cleaned st
read and approved.
or The superintendent submitted his annual this may i
ol report of the schools which was received average 1
rd ana ordered filed. cent: Ja
6- The following report was submitted and
accepted by by the Board. cent pea
LAFAYETTE, LA., JAN. 6, 1894. a a
To the Honorable President and Members of the y so i
Og Board of School Directors, Parish of Lafayette p lesnodr
er- Gentlemen-As instructed by your honor- is assures
So, able body, I offered the School lands of the nstance,
- arish for rent, for a term of four years
ng, at public aution on Dec. 16, 1893, with the for, the
ook following results: For section td, T. 9, S. States.
R.-,3 E., containing 624 acres situated in We h
the inst ward, there were no bids offered. a tariff a
Ia- In tection i6, T. to, S. R., 3 E.. con
a taining 645 acres situated in the 2d ward. after the
Pr Lot No. s e, containing 4o acres sttuated impoters
d in the S. W. quarter of said section was bid any Sou
El- in by Malchi Perry, and lot No. 6 contain- of the
Sing 4o acres situated in the S. E. quarter of ct
said section was bid in by Chas. Burke. might b
There were no bids offered for of said sec- from th
Lion. o" ho i
En In section t6, T. I, S, R., 5 E. contain- is t
th's ing 556 acres situated in the 4th ward, lots
der- Nos. I and 2 containing 4o acres ea, was ispirit of
s fbid win by Darmas Landry, lot No. 3, con- rationes
R., taining 4o acres was bid in by Philip Cabrol,
lot Nos. 4t 9, 10, 1, 13, 14, 15 and 16 con- g h
taining 4o acres each, were bid in by P. B. ture the
been Roy, lot No. 1I containing 4o acres, was bid Trulr
arish in by Bienvenu Langlinais and lot No. 7
Lthe containing 4o acres, was bid in by Nelson
si setiHigginbwthan. The
Ste here were no bids for lots No. 5 con- onudo t
w as taining 36 acres in said section. nently
here Respectfully .ubmittdd, to twel
.H. E. ToLL, Secretary School Board. yearly
High On motion of Mr. Chiasson duly seconded s world'
at s it was resolved, that the directors of the Portflo]
eg all several wards are hereby authorized to rent produc
sth, the school lands (not rented)at private contract plates,
idren at the following rate: All lands that are sui- people
con- table for thel cultivation of cotton or corn, at tnce.
not less than fifty cent per acre and the easily
High balance at such price as they may think fair; os
ft. On mHotion duly made it was resolved that of the
the director of the nd ward is heroeby aun- $1.
thorized to select an assistant for the Ridge
Smost school, subject to the approval of the ap
pointingf committ ee.
ig t On motion of Mr. Guilseasnthe amount of To r
St o $3oo was ordered to be placed to the credit
of the contingent fund. The
On motion of Mr. Spell it was resolved the aur
tdeatthat som the suin of $1500 appropriated by th,,e
orth a the Police Jury for the publcc schoorls, that agner.
$6oo therefrom be and is hereby set aside teas pa
and allotted towards defraying the expna ses tc.
to run the high schools and as uniersto ,d cre asi
by thOe conferenle committee, the Coluvil of ficintt
the town of Lafayetth e suggest the names of red to
two trustees for the Rlig Scnool (if they be al c
choose so to do) subject tn the approval and
as we appointment of this Board, and who are to
continue in the exercise of their function
during the time that said Council make a
reasonable appropriation to assist in defraying
894 t the expense of said apigh 5cho'pl.
awith The following accounts were approved:
F F Hansell & Bro., record book ......5 12 o! F rT n
to ull, shunthries for school Board .... 2 15 k
as. A. Jules Guidry, sundries Leott, btehool 83 al i
r, A Cl t ctCegg, sundries for school bnard 5 O thoe
Greig, EH Vordenbaumen, luibcr ... .... 3 35 F
a A C Guilbeat, repairing school....... n 5 ' oco
d11 E Toi l, secretary salary................ 5o
84.te Bernard & St. Julieh, sundeies r ori
rsident. Broussardville school .................... 7 35 11
C A Boudreaux, sundries for school 3 65
R C Greig, sundries fo. school....... 9 53
pointed \V B Bailey, collecting poll tax ....... 950
hers be- P L Breaux, rent school house ............ oo
it 11 E Toll, superintendcnt salary ........ 125 00o er
Lt rafayette Gazette, posters, blank.... 3 75 sew
B F Toler, sundries for school ............ 2 75
resented Lafayette Advertiser, printing.......... 2 50
art," J. Julian Mouton, per diem....... 2 00 ooM
Jasper Spell, perdiem two meetings 4 oo
. ) Bernard, per d(ie ....................... 2 00
JULIAN MOUTON, President.
time on H. E. ToLL, Secretary. L
oteri for . . I
method. `
w1 I
I am not troubled with Head- as
Ache. I go to Biossat's and have Al
oard in nmy eyes tested and fitted to good
rterly in- spectacles. His address is: T. M.
ssible to Biossat, Lafayette, La.
rday. About Rice.
pro tern. NEW YORK, Jan. 5 1894, or
m. To The Gazette.
There are those who "never pay any atten
i.on lion to what news paper says" but we think it
important, especially in case they fall into pi
ecitation, error as their position in the connmunity is
I1 enable great, exceeding that of the individual many
at. thousand-fold. Let us say at the outset that
and af- Iwe are charitable enough to "set naught down
and thus in malice" and believe that misrepresentation
File. o is due to misconception based on faulty in
his work formation. First . as to some few things
rested and charged against "the foreign Rice interests
of New York." It is stated:
I be well "Unclean Rice, which is nothing more nor
may not less than clean Rice "mixed with a little flour,
his many is brushed in New York and put on the
"market as clean Rice. It actually cost to
esiastic and brush the Rice but "ii13 of a cent per pound
to feel the and yet the New York importers demand a
h they are "difference in the tariff duty of fully 3 of a
• cent per pound in "favor of uncleaned Rice
npered, not so-called."
oke him to There are three statements in the above
sordetly. and each one false. (t) There never has
in calling been nor are there imports made of "clean
outpt in his Rice mixed with a little flour." (2) the cost
to change of willing the Riti referred to greatly ex
atn interest ceed 1l32 of a cent per pound. (3) the New
York importers are not asking -"difference in
the tariff of duty of fully 3 of a cent per i
,e of the re
manding pu- poand in favor of uncle.sn Rice sr-called."
lead ing pur-So much in. way of general correction and
ad is.-m, tre n-w to that which is more personal. We are
1mgo. asion, not ashamed of anything lone or sougilt a
lring recta.- have neithe-r done or sought anything which
aiiie ti wosi3d- " known J$ of un
Mst. ,llncleaned, gal or Pat ,mealed 7'h
state-inner cuticle partially loosened or re
moved, which shoeld be rated 34 cent less
than cleaned. (
2nd. Uncleaned Japan, inner cuticle
thereon, which should be rated at 3 cent
less than cleaned.
3d. Uncleaned Burmah, 215 to 315 Paddy,
balance inner cuticle thereon, which should
be rated at I cent less.than cleaned.
The Wilson Bill places the duty oncleaned
rice at Ir3 cent per pound. Our sugges- The
tions as to duty on the three forms of un
cleaned are made relative to this a1 cenay ing mad
cleaned althoughwe would cheerfully favor Dixie
retention of present duty on cleaned, i. e. at
2 cents per pound 'All that is asked is that \we have
at whatever point cleaned is placed, other
styles of rice shall be subject to a relative per ceni
duty. If thrs is not fair and equitable we do to the I
not know what is.
The difference suggested places the un- . yOUrse
cleanad in fair relations to the clean as by
the time the uncleaned is ready for market
it would cost as much as that imported in the
cleaned state plus the duty on clean. That 1 Bi -
.1 this may more plainly appear, we state the
d average less on Bengal or Patna is 12 per
cent: Japan 20o per cent: Burmah 4o per
cent. It should be remembered the broken
and meal sells at l~ than original cost and
to by so much adds -o the final cost of the
cleaned. In other words, equal protection
r- is assured to the home product in either Ha
instance, but by the just diserimination asked
te for, the milling can be.done in, the United
S. States.
in We have always been stout supporters of
n- a tariff on rice and began our work shortly
d. after the war when, in opposition to other
ed impoters Norh and without assistance from
lid any Southerner, we infuenced the retention
iof of the war-duty in order that the culture
re. might be more_ quickly ,re-established and
ec- from that time on.have always been on the
side of the honie product, resisting reductions.
What we now ask is just and by any fair
vas spirit of reciprocation are entitled to co-ope
on- ration at the hands of every southern rice To I vhi
on grower for we have befriended the rice cul- give a
B. I ture through evil and through good report. pr'ices,
bid Truly yours, DAN DALMACE'S SONS.
The Detroit Free Press is this year fairly
on- outdoing itself. Not content with perma
nently enlarging its famous weekly edition
to twelve pages, it proposes to give to every
ird. yearly subscriber a beautiful souvenir of the
ded ! world's fair, called "t1he Detroit Free Press
the Portfolio of Micway Types." The artistic
rent production comprises twenty photographic
ract plates, 8xi I inches, representing the strange
sui- people that were seen on the Midway Plais
,, at lnce. The faces and fantastic dress will be
the easily recognized by those who visited the
hink fair; others will find in them an interesting
study. You can obtain the portfolio and one
that of the best of literary weeklies one year for
au- $sS. The address is Detroit, Mich.
ap- SPECIAL NOTICE.
nt of To Attorn.cys, Asdirnistrators and
redit Litigants.
The management of The GnTette desires to call
lved the attention, ot attorneys, administrators of estates
i by thoer co.ntemplatitbg litisation, and its friends in
that general to the excepatioial adva tages offeredl by
aside ! tis pay* r for the publication of their novices of sab es
nces tc. The large ircualati:o' of the paper, anld itsin
to t. cruasing popuOlatty in Laflyette and parish is a tsuf
cil of fiicet gutaranty to :adverters that business centrn
s of red to Th: Gazette will reach a larger circle than can
they be a,-complished through any other medium.
I and i
SoMT. CARSMEL CONVENT,
""yiig LAFAYETTE, LA.
I1 O The system of Iducation includes the
2 o Frentt:h and English languages, Music an-l
2 15 all k;n'ls of needle-work. Every attention
w03 ill be given to the health and comnforto f _
S5 . those placed urder the care of the Sisters.
i3 35 For terms apply to the Superior. 1-24
50 00
35 iMRS. H.L. MONNIER,6g
950 Dressmaker,
I no Desires to inform her friends and the gen
125 oo eral public, that she is prepared to take in
3 75 sewing, and solicits the making a fine dresses.
12 50 -2-4m.
2 00
2 00 Cheap Store4
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
SWatchmaker, Jeweler,
AND OPT0CI AN.
Gold Medal awarded at Exposhiion ·1
Head- i378. Repairing of iine watchesa sp-,i !' inuc
have All work cheap and guaranteed1. 'ea
gool Lafayette, La. Incr
T 1. r-Opposite ilouton dOr S,,l/,"' Store. antd
Strayed.
Creole sorrel mare, blace-face, and branded
1894, on left thigh thus:
L
ny atten ti
ethinkit The owner can -secure same by proving
fall into property anti paying damages and costs.
iInts. S. Ri. \VALLIS.
unl many NOTICE.
ht down I have taklen charge of the Graser
sentation Tin Shop and am prepared to do all
ulty in- kinds of work in my line. The
w things business will be carried on in my
interests name instead of that of Graser Bros. M
more nor Work for this and adjoining towns
ittle four, will receive prompt attention.
it on the I-23-rm WV . GRASER.
y cost to
per pound CRYSTAL LENSES -
demand a
Ily 34 of a Qaslt? lirst ad Alway.
aned Rice
the above
never has
of "clean
) the cost
1reatly ex
3) the New
cent per J. E. TRAHAN, Druggist, has
called." exclusive sale of these Celebrated
ction and Glasaes in Lafayette, La, from the
. We are factory of Kellam & Moore the
sought as only complete optical plant in the,
ing which south, Atlanta, Ga.
mmm •' Caefet a
collection a
-AT- Sale and pr
I-. LEVY & SON. DR.
S""fers his i
citizens 4
Sroundin
The "F'. B. Q." is concededly the best and finest cloth- Office
ing made- At the recent "Great Bankrupt Sale of the denght ae.
Dixie Clothing Mouse" on Canal street in New Orleans,
at we have bought an immense stock of these goods at 75
e per cent lower than manufacturer's prices, which we offer ,i
0o to the trade atprices of cheap clothing. Call and see for Miry ,a
-yourself. teSous
by
e FEE.
a I Big Store AND
er 2 ware rooms-1
per Lafayet
mnd
the -
ion BAI
her Has just bought, for cash, at low prices, an immense stock of
ked
itel
of DRY GOODS, CLOTHING, N1
rctly CABIN
" BOOTS, SHOES AND HATS,
and HARDWAR~, FURNITURE,
the ONER
TINWARE, liROCKERY, ETC.,
fair Doors i
rice To wvhich hie invites the attention
cul- of intending buyers, promising to
give as cheap, if not cheapcr
port. prices, than found elsewhere
vs.
ai FELIX DEMANADE, Bw
lition PIKE]
Sf The Up to Date Merchant Fol
Press All w
-aphic SELLS CHEAP..__
heO Groceries *
d the
esting 1
: fo Liquors
Crockery
;and
to call Willoware A T
,nds it.
byd byand .ý .__
" Fancy I
Cn can ý- ;Qa
- goods !-- -+ -
9 - - LOUISIANA.
LtAFAY ETT E,
les the
s.... F L. DOUGLASi
nfort f for theLat. ""ri
SS, $4 and S3.50 Dress Shoe.
" ' '" ý S,.50 Police Shoe, 3 S.ies.
s 62.5%, 82 for Workingmen. ii
thke ign 8$2 and $1.75 for Boys.
S....ss.. . LADIES AND MISSES,
- ~$3 s, e2.50 so, $1..7 -
hSor tays he ha them withm- i
. ISAT It he siae a
eler,, "" '"
W . WL. DOUCLAS Shoes are stlish, easy fitting, and give better
atisaton at the prices advertised than any other make. Try one pair and be cw
'i tncnd. Therstamping of eV" L. Douglas name and price on the bottom, .whi.h
0uarantees their value, saves thousands of dollars annually to those who wear them.
rcoZhs chE WO A
ealers who push the sale of V. L. Douglase Shoes gain customers which helps to
increase the sales on their full line of goods. Ti p amrod to sel at a teas -.t
Id branded LEO DOUCET. AGENT.
s p proving
VAL LAsoSTE
-DEALER IN
reo o Stoves, arlless, Carriaes
iser Bros. Manufacturer's agent for Walking and Riding Cultivators, Disc Harrow Leaver Drag
ng towns liarow. Stalk Cutter. Corn and Cotton Planters, Sulky Plows,
on. Turning Plows: Hay Rakes, Road Carts.
RASER. Corner of Jefferson and Vermillion Streets, LAFAYETTE, LA.
LENSES
,Always. THERE Is A STORE
ON THE SOUTHVWEST
COR. COURT-HOUSE
SQUARE,
m iwhere .'ure Drugs, Patent Medicines, Toilet Articles,
n Stationary, etc., Fine Cigars, and the best of \Vines
and Liquors for medicinal purposes, are sold at rea
iggist, h~as sonable prices.
Celebrated Also a few fine Groceries are to be had and some
Moore the THIS PLACE ISOOWNED BY W [ CLEG G
!. .- ~1
D:- ,
Justi ce ot the Peae
Careful and prompt attention given
collection of bills, accounts, notes or,
Sale adn purchase of lands attended
DR. T. B. Hopki
Having returned to Lafayette, .-i
fers his professional services to the
citizens of this place and the srir
rounding country.
• Office at former residence, and'at
e night and at Kennedy's old rei~t
dence. -
C. DEBAILLON
Lawyer.
Wi:l practice in Lafayette, St.
)r Mary and Vermi.Jion par.s/es, and
the Supreme and Federal Courts at
Opelousas and.Nrew Orleans.
LArAyDTTB. LA.
FEED,
AND SALE
E. CONSTAN7IN,
Lafayette, La. Paroprinidr.
CITY
BAKERY, LEONCE BU1hR
LAFAYETTE. LA. Pr r.
NUMA BROUSSARD,
CABINET MAKER AND
FS, FURNITURE REPAIRI
or ALL KINDS.
Turning of Banisters, Scroll Bsalaiem,
5 Fancy and Plain Mantels, Fancy , tal
Doors of all kinds, Brackets, etc., etc.
Lzfayette, La.
LAFAYETTE
- BLACKSMITH,
WHEELWRIGHT AND SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Bank Building.
PRED. MOUTON, - - - Proprieter.
Lowest prices, consistent with work done.
All work promptly attended to. Satisfactios
guaranteed.
H. C. Salles,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan street.
LAFA YE 7'"E, - - - LA.
E. 6. VOORHIES,
A TTORN 0 ' .-IT L .I
ANt) NOTARY PUBLIC.
LAtATETTf. LA.
R. W. ELLIOTT,
.47TTOR'NEY AT ZL .-I and NOT4ARI'
I'CUILIC.
L,,fadett'c. La.
N A. O. C. & J. MOUTON,
SAT ORKE YS AT LA W.
LArA YTTE LA.
AS E. Priollaud,
FORWatchmaker
LME-. -anId
,seaw Jeweler
and dealOcr la
mfen. FRich Jeweiry, Watches. Dia
,s. mnonds etc.
Clegg's Building. Court.ouse Square.
ISSES Laayette, La.
ay dealer
ndav : j Cash te!ls the story
esn with,
,. mi",'-I Come and see
sa frnd.
~rMouton Bros.,
beb GENERAL
r Jm, h erchandis e
2 .... Lowest prices consistent
with quality of goods.
ALBERT de la HOUSSAYI,
BAKER & CONFECTIONER
Vermillion street, Lafayette, La.
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP,
Lincoln ave., near depot.
SThe "Old Reliable,"
IOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
.eaver Drag
S H. L. Monnier,
Dealer In
Ceneral
Merchandise
Tf'HWEST Fresh Groceries always on hand.
-.-HOUSE
, Sidney Veazey,
es LIVERY AND FEED
SSTABLE.
e Lincoln Ave., Two Blocks from Dep>t
LAFAYETTE, : : : ; LA"
First class rigs at reasonable prices. Care:
fltddriler frtniehqi whe rerhpyqire. j'tn 17