an operation.
.sta. than ever. i
After.
K Dahe tenth of last
advised me to
Sb.ow woman; am able to do all
d ioea-work. I am running
rs L oing the work m
S  ra tes to It. Paul ,
rado o rings, Sanitor, Sa
and the Wine and mountain rep
S, and northwest. For rates
lusttedmy life.
to W. B. Kn~skern, G. MP.
: . Swt es treading the fashion newsighs
"Yellow is to be a very fashionable
- aiLor." Mr. or a wThen our baby is
-":ghnstyle. He's a yeller.,,
-OPil Heads and eoung Heartsd.
= sometimes se  0Loined in elderly ica -
""*1 bvt;selbom bold an old man or
ý'inan as exempt from iaormities as ings,
Bat these infrmities may be mitd
et m ue by the daily and reg
nt anti-rheumatio and smountain eg
f th hihest order, which also
dyp .constiation, biliousness
h s Ws been dead over a "week, m
odbacco snra Sore ThranHat.
'Tfs. ao commeon that every tobacco userl
has an irritatedm throat that gradually de
elope into a serious condrition, frequently
: ~ntmpauon, eand it's the kind of a sore
:.: tkruofth tnevergets ell s longas you us
:.tobao. The tobacco habit, sore throat and
-l"'|ost.imanhood cured by No-To-Bac. Sold
-guaranteed to cure by Druggsts every
la!-tlemedy Co., NewYork City or Chicago.
Lat"rrr GHates-"Granny, go down on
y-our bands And knees for a minute, please."
,ond andmy other-o"What s adapte I to do that
for, my peta Little Gladys-"'Cause I
a s to draw an elitephant.d "eebe.
'Wm qui-Do tee thiness of Chaucer ook is inwhere
and, the simple, choking words sobbed
ot.-Lowell.
Tobao rs sore Thro.rr c
s a Constitutonal Care. Price 75 enly
ampiono an d ith pturhe kind saro a somune
tIsa Your
Io. Blood Pure
If not it is important that you make Itver
e at once with te Awaygreat bloodfree Ad purifer,
Hood's
.,arsaparilla
lBecause with impure blood you are in
onstan quiet dangeer of serious illness.
SCiotitnton . Price 25c. per bo
A noon hung with pitures is a room buno
"BloodK Pure
ESTON-BROWN SHOE GO,
e atonce with the great blood piier
Beaofs with impurthe ood yAge. e in
MEDICAL DISCOVERY
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
s and never failed except in two cases
St. Send postal card for book.HOE
L king it. Read the label.
omach is foul or bilious it will
S -.mish feelings at first.
Thege of diet ever necessary. Eat
ILDyou can get, and enoug of ROXitBRY, MASS..
He hashe tiablespoonful ovn water nat bdred
tso valueby all Druggwithin twenty s.iles of
be it is aORLD'S periened from theIR.
/THE BEST *
PARED
a 9 t eAw rtu. *
ree1lent Combeastion of Aetwaeetvave
and Economay.
[Vritten for This Paper.]
This very pretty house can be erected
for $1,750 upon a rubble- stone founda
tion. There are seven rooms, as tol
lowes Parlor, dining-room, kitchen, and
four chambers. The sizes of these
rooms are shown upon the floor plans
The front veranda is very large and is
eovered by the main roof. The main
stairs will be of neat design, finished
in red oak. The height of the first
sary ceiling is 10 feet; second story
4- -
VIEW ON BESIDENCE.
ceiling, 9 feet 6 Inches, The reception
hall, parlor and dining-room will be
finished in red oak. The size of stud
ding is 2x4; floor joist, 2x10; rafters,
Ex6.
The entire outside is sheathed,,and
back plastered on the inside. All lum
ber is of the best quality, free from
shakes and culls. All floorsare doubled,
having tar paper between sub-floor
and finished floor. There will be one
layer of tar paper between siding and
sheathing. The gables will have round
butt shingles. All siding on first story
walls will be 4-inch o. g., laid 2Y inches
to the weather.
The shingles or the roof will be of
the Star A F:tra Star rand. The
PLAN OF FIRST FLOOR.
kitchen, pantry, chambers, bathroom
and closets will be finished in pine
painted in two coats, color to suit
owner. The carving shown in front
gable will be of composition. The ex
terior of the house will have two coats
of paint-the body a terra cotta and
the trimmings a white color.
All plastering is to be two coat work.
The stone wall under the entire house
will be of rubble, 16 inches thick. The
basement ceiling is 7 feet high and the
basement is finished off with coal rooms,
laundry and furnace room. The trim
will be of a neat pilaster with base
and corner blocks.
The glass will be American. double
thick. The porch will be ceiled over
PT.AN OF BECOND FLOOR.
head with 4-inch center beaded stuff.
The veranda floor will be double, with
all tongues and grooves well leaded.
The mantel will be of a neat design.
The hardware will be of a good, sub
stantial and neat pattern. The rea
stairs lead to the basement, without
going outside of the house. All doors
to main rooms will be 2 feet 8 inches by
7 feet by 1% inches; closet doors, 23
feet by 7 feet by 1% inches; front doors,
8 feet 4 inches by 7 feet 10 inches by
1% inches. All gutters and down
spouts will be made of galvanized iron.
The house must be cleaned by contract
or and left in a first-class condition for
occupancy. G. A. W. wtraTe
XNew Type-Settling Machine.
Calsndoli's type-setting machine is
said by tb French publication L'fllus
tration to promise a revoelution in
printing. It permits an emperienced
operator to compose fifty thousand let
ters an hour, while the maost skillful
compositor does not ezeced three thou
sand, and the best composing machines
do not reach eight thousand. It com
prises no mechanical part, electric
ity being the only intermedium em
ployed. It does away with electrotyp
tg, and gorections are eaaly made by
haed. And with a keyboard electrical
ly connected with several machines, a
le operator may multiply the com
stons indeanitelti
How to Give Ofese.
Hl-I hear you attend the Handel
and flayd performances. Were you
present at the "Creation?"
She (inadignantly)f--I suppose you will
next want to know if I seailed in Nosh's
6rk?--oQston ~ a0o.
ia Cenms" with a WiRe.
In regard to first aid to the eleettle
ally shocked, the French minister of
publio works, under expert advice, has
prepared the following rules: The vie.
tim is to be, first of all, taken into an
airy place; thresor four persons should
be taken there to assist and no one else
allowed to enter. The clothing is to be
loosened and efforts made to reestab
lish respiration and circulation as soon
as possible. To reestablish respiration,
recourse can be had to. the following
two methods, viz., drawing of the
tongue and artificial respiration. In
the former case the mouth of the vic
tim is opened with the fngers, or, if
there be resistance, with a piece of
wood, the handle of a knife, spoon or
fork, or end of a walking stick. The
front part of the tongue should then be
taken between the thumb and index
finger of the right hand, bare or cov
ered with, say, a pocket handker
chief to prevent slipping. The
tongue is then strongly pulled,
and allowed to relax, in rhythmio
al imitation of respiration, at least
twenty times a minute. These move
ments must be continued without a
break for half an hour or more. For
artificial respiration the subject should
be laid upon his back, the shoulders
slightly raised, the mouth open and the
tongue free. The arms are taken at
the height of the elbows, support
ing them strongly on the walls of
the chest, next bringing them above
the head, describing the are of a
circle. These movements are to be
continued at least twenty times a min
ute until the re-establishment of nat
ural respiration. It is suitable to
commence with the movement of the
tongue as described, simultaneously, if
possible, with the adopting of artificial
respiration. At the same time it is de
sirable to try and restore circulation by
rubbing the surface of the body, by
beating the body with the hands or
with wet towels, throwing cold water
on the subject from time to time, and
applying ammonia or vinegar to the
nose.
SUBSTITUTES FOR GLASS.
Substances Employed on a Large Scale Ia
European Countries.
Substitutes for glass, employed in
Germany, furnish a topic for an inter
esting paper to be published by the de
partment of state.
One of these comes in sheets. 1-16th
of an inch thick, of tough and insoluble
gum, embedded in which is a web or
network of galvanized iron wire. The
gum is said to be bichromated gelatine.
The surface on each side is covered
with a varnish of boiled linseed oit.
The stuff is lighter than glass, tough,
pliant and practically indestructible by
hail or ordinary causes. It may be
bent into any desired form and fast
ened in position by nailing or with put
ty. It feels and smells somewhat like
the oil of silk used in surgery and -for
the sweat bands of summer hats.
This material is utilized to a consid
erable extent abroad for skylights, con
servatories and transparencies. It takes
the place of ground glass for windows
which are intended to admit light, but
not to be seen through. Some time ago
it was adopted for the roof windows of
the London aquarium, which have a
total area of 97,600 square feet. The
saving in this case has been large in
respect to breakage, which is apt to
be a very costly item of expense
where roof windows are concerned.
The stuff has a translucence like that
of opal glass. Its color Is a greenish
amber yellow, which fades gradually to
white by exposure to sun. It transmits
a soft light adapted to hothouses. It
takes oil paints well, and is used for
illuminated signs and transparencies.
Disadvantages are that it is inflam
mable and that in warm weather it
gathers dust. The latter, however1
may be washed or wiped cf!.
This substitute for glass costs ten
cents a square foot. It is sold in rolls
like carpet or oilcloth. It is utilized
only for private conservatories, owing
to its cost. For ordinary hotbeds and
forcing houses a far cheaper material is
widely used in Europe. In Germany
this is known as "fensterpappe." It
consists of nothing more nor less than
sheets of tough and strong manila pa
per stretched on sashes and frames, the
surface being painted with boiled lin
seed oil until the paper is translucent
and impervious to water. It costs 8l,1
cents a square yard; it is light, durable
and admits enough light for growing
plants. The fensterpappe is largely
utilized by florists and market garden
ers.
Bacterlology of the Sea.
Dr. B. Fischer, ,bacteriologist of the
1894 Plankton expedition, has just
finished his report on the "Microbes of
the Sea." He says that microbes cap
able of germination are everywhere to
be found in sea water except at great
depths. They are more numerous in
the Canary, Florida and Labrador
currents than they are in either the
Guinea or Equatorial currents. They
were not detected with certainty in the
ooze of the ocean's bed, but were aban
doned at all depths shallower than 1,800,
and some were found at a depth of 8,500
feet. Like the bacteria of the differ
ent diseases, those of the ocean are
found in all shapes and forms, the
spiral predominating. Nearly all were
found provideed with hooks or suckers,
and one large family are reported as
being phosphorescent.
We See All of the Sun.
The inhabitants of this earth never
get a glimpse of but one side of the
moon, but in the course of a year every
portion of the sun's surface is turned
toward us. This is because the sun's
equator is almost coincident with the
plane of the ecliptic, the inclination
being only about seven degrees
ae Didat Go.
Brown-I'm going fishing, Johnnie,
so as to avoid the noise of the Fourth.
I'd take you along with me if I knew
how you could amuse yourself.
Little Johnnie-That's easy enough,
p Buy me a cannon and a lot of fire
crackers.-Judge.
They Come High.
She (poutingly) - Before we were
married you used to bring me candy
every time you came.
He (briskly)--Yes, my dear, and it
cost a good deal less than the meat and
potatoes I bring you new. - N. Y.
Weekly.
She Wo~sld fl She Were Nt.
Dick Singleton-Is your wife a good
cook?
Benny Dictus-I guess she must be.
Dick Singleton-What makes you
think so?
Benny Dictus-She never goes Into
the LMeeke--M. V, World,
(5eas iesCseU*n -lfevwa&, genisew, ikb.)
It was publielr talked all over Clare ,
y, Mich., for some time befores the Cournl.
BHreld sent areporter to Dover to fully in
vestigatethe Coulter matter. He allywent,
sad we publish to-day his fuN report. The
Coulters are prominent people, though Mrs
C. in response to the question whether she
objected to being Interviewed, said: "Cer
tainly not." Her story follows:
"About 14yearsago we decided to take up
our abode in Dover and everything went
along smoothly for several years, business
progressed and being of a saving tempera
ment we aooamulatdA quite an amount.
Our family increased as the yepra rolled by
and we now have 5 children living, the old
eat 15. youngest 8, but sickness made its
way into our household, and doctors' bills
flooded upon us, until we have nothing left
but our home, and these sweet children.
Everything else went to satisfy the claims
of phyaicians.
of"Abont 8 years ago I had a miserable
fealing at the back of my ears, my right
hand became paralyzed and the paralysis ex
tended to my arm and throat, and would at
fect my head and eyes, sometimes for days
I would lose my sight, my face was de
formed, lifeless, as it were, my nose was
drawn to one side and I presented a piti
able apperance and never expecting tore
gain my natural facial expiessions. I em
ployed the best physicians that could be
procured, expending thousands of dollars
for their services but could not obtain re
lief. At last, they stated my case was be
yond the reach of medical skill, audit would
be but a short time until the end would
come. This certainly was not very encour
aging to me, but never gave up hope. In
connection with receiving the attendance of
physicians I have tried every medicine
known to the apothecary but never re
ceived any relief until Dr. Williams Pink
Pills for Pale People came to my assist
ance. Before I had taken half of the first
box the deformity in my face had left me,
and before four boxes had been consumed
the paralysis had disappeared entirely and
much to my surprise Ifelt like a new wom
an. I have not taken any medicine since
last spring, just about a year ago and my
trouble has not appeared since. I owe my
health, my life to Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.
"A short time since my little boy John
was afflicted with St. Vitus' dance. He
coulh. not walk across the room without as
sistance, in fact he would fall all pver him
mself but after taking a few boxes of Dr.
Wiiliams' Pink Pills St. Vitus' danceentire
ly left him, and no trate of the affliction is
left. These pills are worth their weight in
gold. You may say in this connection that
I am willing at any time to make affidavit
to the truth of these statements, and fur
thermore I will answer any communication
concerning my case, as I consider it noth
ing more than right and uast that I should
assist suffering humanity. '
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain all the
elements necessary to give new life and
richness to the blood and restore shattered
nerves. They are for sale by all druggists
er may be.had by mail from Dr. Williams
Medicine Company, Schenectady, N. Y., flt
50 cents per box, or six boxes for S2.50.
WHEELS AND RIDERS.
Mn.. ELIZABETH CADY STANTON says
that "women are riding to suffrage on
a bicycle."
CHAPrnons who can ride bicycles are
in great demand in all of the large cit
ies of the country.
Docrons have declared that the heart
of Zimmerman, the famous bicycle
rider, is fully two inches longer than
the average size of hearts.
W. D. BACHELOR, of Cornell college,
Iowa, has gone on a trip, with two
companions, through Europe, Egypt
and Palestine on wheels. They expect
to pay expenses by corresponding with
papers, the three having a list of forty
seven.
C. F. PARDIroW was the first man
seen on a bicycle in Richmond, Va. He
visited his old home in Paris about 1871,
and brought a very tall wheel back
with him. A conservative estimate of
wheels in actual use in Richmond
would be two thousand.
REV. Mn. FAIRBANKS, an American
missionary in India, attributes a large
part of his success to the use of a
bicycle. Not only is he enabled to
cover a more extensive territory with
it. but the natural curiosity of the na
tives brings large crowds to see "a horse
that needs neither grass nor grain."
Ir women bicyclers will have the
saddle directly over the pedals and so
high that when the pedal is down the
foot must be bent to reach it, they will
make a much more graceful appear
ance. This will, of course, make
mounting somewhat more difficult, but
the objectionable knee action will be
less obtrusive.
ODD AND OTHERWISE.
A cracus performance was in prog
ress at Eagle, Wis., when a violent rain
atorm deluged the earth. The circus
manager thought the tent would be
blown down and drove out the audience.
Sot of the Philadelphia organ
grinders employ nice little colored girls
to accompany them on their street
tours, and the children amuse the spec.
tators by giving skirt dances.
THoMAs G. F. DoLEY, of Elgin, Ill.,
is in business there, and keeps a gen
eral store, with the aid of seventeen
partners. The style of his firm Is "Dol
by & Seventeen Sons." He is the father
of twenty-one children.
Mn. W. I. SirTH, a White Plains (N.
V.) business man, did not take a single
holiday for ten yea-s. But the other
week he was induced to stop work for
one day and enjoy himself at the sea
shore. He went in bathing and was
drowned.
A vsarTRINrY surgeon in Van Buren,
Me., was called a few days ago to find
the reason and remedy for an odd hard
bunceh on a horse's shoulder. Helanced
the swelling and found li the center of
it a silver dime. The corner grocery
clubs are now busy with the questions
How did it get there?
THE STAGE.
W. S. Gxtnwa~rT is coming to New York
soon to superintend the production of
"His Excellency."
Mus. PATrIC CAMPBELL and Mr.
.Forbes Robertson will open the Lyceum
season in London next September with
"Romeo and Juliet."
ARAH BDERLNABDT has been fined 62
in a Paris police court for employing
two children under 19 after 9 o'clock at
night at the Renaissance theater.
Loaopax is about to see the earl of
Boslyn on the stage as a professional
actor. The first earl of Rosslyn
earned the title by being lord high
chancellor under William Pitt.
IN LONDON TOWN.
Tz flower trade of London is esti
mated to amount to 895,000 a day.
Ix Southwark, London, an old hoea
taelry, "The Crmsed Keys," is about to
be torn down, which belonged to John
Harvard in 1687, before be emigrated
to America.
IT is claimed that, owing to the good
work done by the Improved Industrial
Dwelling company, of London, the
death rate of that city .has been re
duced from forty t4 gedy sIeven in a
theassed
CABBAGE-ROOT MAGGOT.
The. Be.t lMethel of ighting This
Troublesome Garden Pest.
Although called the aebbage-root
maggot, this insect will also feed on
the roots of cauliflower, borecole, Brus
sels sprouts, radish, collard, .brooeoli,.
rutabaga turnip, winter cress and
hedge mustard. Many remedies have
been recommended for this pest. The
only preventive that has proved ef
fectual on a large scale is the tarred
paper dise. These discs, which should
measure three inches in diameter, are
made of thin roofing felt, being cut by
a special tool, the dotted lines in the
diagram showing the position of the
edge of the tool. The discs should be
placed about the plants at the time of
transplanting. By bending the card
slightly the slit will open sufficiently to
admit the stem of the plant to the
center, after which the card should be
spread out, and the points formed by
the star-shaped cut should be pressed
snugly about the stem. It is essential
that the ground be smooth when the
cabbage plants are transplanted, and
the discs must be pressed close to
the ground, leaving no chance for the
flies to crawl under them.
As a preventive measure would only
cause the flies to abandon the cabbage
HOW TO CUT.
or cauliflower crops for some other
plant, the Geneva station recommends
that a direct remedy be used in con
tunction with it. Carbolic acid in the
form of an emulsion is the most feasi
ble. The proportions are, one pound
hard soap or one quart soft soap
dissolved in one gallon boiling water,
one pint crude carbolic acid; the
whole should be well churned to form
an emulsion, when thirty parts water
should be added to one of the mixture.
It should be applied in a solid stream.
When the maggots have worked their
way into the roots of the plant a short
distance the only remedy is carbon
bisulphide. This must be applied
carefully below the roots, and not on
them, as the liquid will kill all the
roots with which it comes in contact.
The requisite proportion is one tea
spoonful to each plant.-N. Y. WVorld.
NEW BORDEAUX MIXTURE.
Better Than the One Now to Largely
Used in This Country.
At a meeting of the National Agri
cultural society of France ;n improved
Bordeaux mixture was suggested with
the object of removing certain objec
tions to the one now so largely used in
this country. It has the advantage
over the old mixture in being less in
jurious to foliage, less liable to be
washed away by rains, and less liable
to choke the nozzle of the spraying
machine. The new formula is as fol
lows: Quicklime, 4 pounds 6 ounces;
molasses, 4 pounds 6 ounces; sulphate
of copper, 4 pounds 6 ounces; water, 22
gallons. The essential difference be.
tween the new andold formulas is the
presence of the molasses, which has a
greater influence than would at first be
expected. The method of mixing is to
add the molasses to thirteen gallons of
water, then slack the lime and add
four and one-half gallons of water to
form a milk of lime. Pour this slowly
into the sweetened water, stirring
briskly in order to mix intimately.
Next, in a third (wooden) vessel dis
solve the bluestone and pour this into
the previous mixture, stirring well.
In this blending of materials chemical
changes are taking place. When the
milk of lime and sweetened solution
are intimately mixed together. then
saccharate of lime is formed. Next,
when to this is added the solution of
sulphate of copper, a double decom
position takes place; suphate of lime is
formed on the one hand and soluble
saccharate of copper on the other.
This saccharate of copper is only
formed in presence of an excess of lime,
and its formation is indicated by the
mixture assuming a beautiful greenish
tinge. Thus the mixture is rendered
alkaline, and the acid is neutralized
by the lime.
HORTICULTURAL NOTES.
Fon the first few years in cultivating
an orchard it is advisable to plow deep
ly in the spring.
FnUxT is every year becoming more
plentiful, and the increased consump
tion keeps pace with the supply.
PRuwlxx of the peach should be donE
in a way to avoid crotches, but have
Sthe limbs extending from the trunk.
As enoors start up where no branches
are wanted pinch them off and leave
others where it is desired to have them
grow.
L cultivating your apple trees you
may raise corn in the orchard for a very
few years, provided you don't plant it
too hear the trees, andi will cut it up
and haul it out early in the winter,
and by no means make a shock around
a tree.
WHEwTER you plant yearlings or five
year-olds, they will be about the same
sims six or seven years after planting,
with the chances in favor of the young
er trees being the most firmly rooted.
But up to that time the older trees will
have paid decidedly the best.
ONE thing is certain, as a rule the
horticulturist lives a little better than
the average of men, as he always has
plenty of fruit and vegetables to eat.
He uses 400 to 500 loads of manure an
nually, and his grounds show it. His
soil is an excellent one naturally.
THE preservation of insectivorous
birds and all innoxious reptiles should
be insisted upon by county and town
governments, and a knowledge of the
principal forms of predaceous and can
nibal insects disseminated through the
public schools both of town and coun
ty.-Farmer's Voice.
Prttecting Melons from Cut-Worms.
Cut-worms have proved so destructive
to melons that growers are recom
mended hereafter to plow in the fall
--early rather than late--and leave the
land bare during the winter. Then, in
the early spring, as soon as the grass
begins to come up in adjoininK fields,
sprinkle here and there throughout
the field which is to be planted to mel
ons bunches of grass or any other green
vegetation which has previously been
poisoned by sprinkling with Paris
green in solution. Such of the cut
worms as may be present in the land
will feed upon this vegetation and will
be klilled. It will also have the efect
at datroyl'ag seny of the wire-woa
1.51
7oder
gýi - "t.P R
'? JiLSOWTELCV PVRe;
A Bauorr IDEA.-Lady of the House
"For goodness' sake, what are you smear
ing on that sofa, Marla?" Servant-"Mus
tard, please 'm, to keep the cat from get
ting on it."- Alterlei Heiteres.
DirrrcurLT.-Mistress-"Bridget, I bave a
new bell that i want you to ring at meal
times." Bridget-"Shure, ma'am, how kin
01i, when Oi have to wait on the tablet"
Brooklyn Life.
The True Laxative Principle.
Of the plants used in malufacturing the
pleasant remedy Syrup of igs, has a per
•anently beneficial effect on the human sys
tem, while the cheap vegetable extracts and
mineral solutions, usually sold as medicines,
are permanently injurious. Being well In
formed, you will use the true remedy only.
Manufactured by California Fig Syrup Co.
GnIEAT Joy especially ar a sudden
change of circunstanues, is apt to be silent,
and dwells rather in the heart than on the
tongue-Fielding.
ONE woman can live together and not
quarrel.-N. Y. Recorder.
THE widow's mite Is a favorite form of
charity-with those who have plenty.
Puck.
A cuEER7n, face Is nearly as good for an
invalid as healthy weather.-Franklin.
HAPPINESS is like the statue of Isis, whose
veil no mortal ever raised.-L. E. Landon.
A POLITICIAN must have a genius for ex
planation.-Puck.
W-rr is a tear like a potatotl-Beause it
springs from the eye.
TnE child's mind can grasp with case the
delicate suggestions of Sowers.-Chapin.
A SIARP tongue is the only edge tool that
grows keener with constant use.-Irving.
"So DARn and yet so light," as the man
said as he looked at his last ton of coal.
WVHEN I tell him he hates flattery, he says
he does, being then most flattered.-Shakos
peare.
"I LovE, and I am loved." "'hen you
must be perfectly happy." "But it isn't the
same man l"-Life.
VIITINGo New Yorker-"Have sou read
'Trilby' yet?" Philadelphian-"No, but I
Iave heard of it. "-Somerville Journal.
SOME men do not seem to know a patriotic
Impulse from a pain in the stomaoh.-Gal
vestion News.
TALE.NT, like beauty, to be pardoned, must
be obscure and unostentatious. - Lady
Blessington.
Tnsitigehtest events dawn with no more
notse-than the morning star makes in ris
ing.-Beecher.
SnE-"Tell me, when you were In the
army were you cool in the hour of dangert"
lie-"Cool I actually shivered !"-Boston
Transcrivt.
You can carry the
l ttlk vial of Doctor
Pierce's Pleasant Pel
lets right in the vest
pocket of your dress
suit, and it will not
make even a little
lump. The "Pellets"
are so small that 42 to
44 of them go in a vial
scarcely more than an
inch long, and as big
round as a lead penciL
They cure constipa
tion.
One "Pellet" is a
laxative; two a mild
cathartic. One taken
after dinner will stim
ilate digestive action
and palliate the effects
of over-eating. They
act with gentle effi
ciency on stomach,
liver and bowels.
They don't do the
work themselves.
They simply stimulate
the natural action of
the organs them
selves.
Tell Your Wife
that you have
read that Clair
ette Soap is
one of the
greatest labor
saving inven
tions of the
time. Tell
her that it
will save her
strength, save
her time, save
her clothes. -
The merits of
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
appeal at once to every thoughtful woman. It's the best, purest, and
most economical soap to be procured. Sold everywhere. Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, St. Louis.
ia UUQU E ' bBLACKBERRY ELIXIR
DYSENTERY Diarrhoea, CHOLERA Infantum,
Sand all Summer Bowel Troubles.
DOCTOr ARD PATInaITS AzaI5 PRAISH IT.
DR C. W ADRINS. o, ILrnysror. ALA.. sym : I h* DUNCAN'S ULACXSERnr
ELIXIR in my prasc ce.with very matlataetory results." D
WEBB XANUFACTURING CO.. Proprietors., - NAHBVILLE, TENN.
Fertilizers for Fall Crops
should contain a high percentage of Potash to
insure the largest yield and a permanent enrichment
of the soil.
Write fir our *Farmers' Guide," a 142-page illustrated book. It
is bine full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address,
GERMAN KALI WORKS, 3 Nasesau Street, New York.
Tae end of a novel (comprssed by the
editor owing to lack of apace) " .0 toa t
took a small brandy, then is hat his doe
parture, besides no notice of his pursuers,
meantime a revolver uut of his pocet..ad
lastly his own life.'"-Deutsche Leschlaue.
Sere Eyes Cared.
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve never falle ti
do this; S96 at all drug stores.
Tn.zE is something in the shape of harps
as though they had been made by musiao.
Bailey. a4
No sPEctrIC for local skin troubles equals
Glenn's Sulphur SIoap.
Hill's Hair and Vhisker Dye, 50 cents.
IT is hard to believe that sin well dressed
is the same as sin rolling in the gutter.
Ram's Horn.
I BLIEmrt Piso's Cure for Consumption
saved my boy's life last summer.-Mrs. Az
Las DOuGLAss, LeRoy, Mich., Oct. 20, '94.
WhAT is the legal expression for a lovew
letterl-A writ of attachment.
HARD times do not affect counterfeiters.
They always make money.--Truth.
MERCURIAL
POISON
Is the result of the usal treatment of bleod
disorders. The system is Riled with Mercury and
Potash remedies-more to be dreaded titan the
disesse--and in a short while is in a far worse
eondtlon thanm before. The common result it
RHEUMATISM
for which B.S.S. is the most reliable enre. A few
bottles will afford relief where all else has failed.
I suffered from a severe attack of Mercurial
Rheumatism, my arms and legs being swollen
to twice their natural size, causing the most
excruciating paIns. I spent hundreds of dollrs
without relief, but after taking a few bottles of
now a well man. complete
ly cured. I can heartily
recommend it to any one
suffering from this painul
disesde. W.F. DAiVEY
Birooklyn Elevated R.
Our Treatims on Blood and Skin Disrases mailed free to asp
address. SWIT SPECIFIC CO.. AtIaatS.GP .
BEST IN TITE WORLD.
chVES"that rss oco pa -
THE RISING SU
STOVE POLISHI i
blacking of a stove.
THE SUN PAST!
POLISHI for a quick
after dinner shine,
V l applied and pol.
ished with a cloth.
Morse Bros.. Props.. Canton, Ms., 1. S.A.
WALL AND
MOONEY'S SCHOOL
FITS BOYS FOR UNIVERSITY OR FOR LIFE.
PUPILS ENTER VANDERBILT on CERTIFICATE.
Address W. D. MOONEY.
AGENTS WANTEDi -Ladle, rrelrrPql
A E T WANtIj% . in the United States t.e
sell e c,,.y cunlrb.TEAS,COFFEES,
SPICES, ETC. .ppW~rEAS, C OFFEES,
SPICE r muds e g'r.od worker. Iepartment X,
Nlstional Whole ale .SchtIy Co.. 2n13 S. Ilin St.. St. Louis.
DEA"'S TI BLUE Sthe Il'
...BEST ICK B d a tie
44 GIVES 'that eiaosrnes" to)'0ur clothes. $
S intlime. S1otlbd rit
A. N. K., F 1561
wsHEN WitITiNG ri AESVEUTIsEis PrLEAsE
state that you saw the Advertisemest in this
war".