asm ae nes to male the
pusm Wag of the sheop.
SOod
S;o te Wonderful Cres
Why the cures by ood's Sae.
-1s y Hood's Barsaparlila cures
cases of Scrofuls, Salt Rheaum
blood diseases.
a WIhy it overcomes That Tired
Strengthens the nerves, gives
> Ia place of exhaustion.
Why the sales of Hood's Bars.
bm isncreased year after year, untI
ires the largest Laboratory In
AIor the production of
Sparilla
Is a Burden
many women who are aficted
"wit impure blood, which causes de
t I~lty sad a variety of diseases. The
tI od r following is a sample case
of prompt relief by
purllal Hood's Sarsaparilla:m
6"I have received more
ff benefit from Hood's Barsa
parilla than from all other
Y ' - mte.d medichies or remedies. For
years I sufered terribly
cake -' omach, Indigestion;
I. edrtie I debility. LLe was a
')iO tiM~i 'ood's Sarsaparilla, to
- U.aH elft t ^ i "Plls, my health began
v a. For: :r anything I ate caused
ti cUir -,. ow I can eat heartily
am grx y" 'v ifiroved In flesh and
mojs cheerfully recommend
d iSaspalha." Mas. GEAca PAanz
-;7ox, Casenovia, New York.
:ood' 8arsaparilla
sl the Only
:True Blood Purifier
hiu creates an appetite and overcomes that
-1> tipedfeellng. Be sure to get Hood's.
Hood's PHIis the s"iafr.dle pil and
" , family eathartia S.
WPrLOOK FOR THIS
LOCK.
T, BEST SCHOOL SHOE
SSCHOOL V
FOE
l b 73-I..O0 11 to 133 --$1.80
8 b 1036- 1.25 1 to 3 -- 1.78
IF YOU OAN'T GET THEM FROM YOUR
DEALER WRITE TO
U AMILTON-BROWN SHOE CO.,
Te Oreatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDIAL DISCOVERY,
KERlEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
ildiscovered in one of our common i
i weeds a remedy that ,cures every
of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
wnto a common Pimple.
H- e has tried it in over eleven hundred
and hevuer failed except in two cases
t-thaderhumaor.) l-ehasnowin his
6over two hundred certificates
i·.alue, all within twenty miles of
n. Send postal card for book.
beneft is always experienced from the
bottlek, and a perfect cure is warranted a
the right quantity is taken.
hen the lungs are affected it causes
pains, lk needles passing
blsmI thle same with the Liver or
i- s a caused by the ducts be
md always disap pears In a
rtakingit. Read the label.
timscha is foul or bilious it wil '
ish feelings at first.
o( diet ever necessary. Eat
t can get. and enough of it.
  nful in water at bed 1
b al Druggists.
ST AWARD*
BS PAIR.
'4'~3
P p casehe ehildren of Paris has hi
' aeoepted by the Paris town touhLen
Is- --t Is reportqd from Constanainople
be that the missiouaries of the Amerleam.
board are being perseuted t t~ 1
Turkish authorities
-RBev.- lt. John 0. Paton, while oc
* his recent tour of America and -Oreat
Britain, secured for the New Hebrides
mission the sum of $125,000.
-The largest bequest for charity in
England in 1s94 was made by the will
of Mr. Samuel Weston, of Manehesters
who bequeathed 6$75,000 to loel char'
ities.
-Mrs. Elizabeth Hersha, of Masea
tine, In., has given $10,000 to the Iowa
W Wesleyan rniversity to be used for
building a ladies' dormitory to cost not
0 less than 820,000.
-A White Cross society has beens
me formed in Burmah to combat the so
n cial evils existing there, with the caief
commissioner of Burmah, Sir AlexLn
Bi der McKenzie, as chairman.
ma -A m-ovement is on foot among the
Episcopal churches in the diocese of
a" Ontario, Canada, to purchase the Mer
II1 chant's bank building in Kingston and I
Is convert it into a deaconess home and I
hospital.
-The evangelical movement in Spain 1
Is increasing in strength. Already, it
is said that the Reformed Spanish
church has upwards of 100.000 adher
ents, the majority belonging to the
..laboring classes.
-English Catholics, headed by the
duke of Norfolk, the marquis of Ribon
and Lord Chief Justice Russell, are try
ing to remove at Rome the prohibition
to Roman Catholics to enter Oxford
and Cambridge.
-Schools of commerce are to be es
tablished by the Italian government I
at trade centers in Asia Minor, where I
there is a considerable Italian-speak
ing population. A beginning has just
been made at Berut.
-Dr. Pauline Root,'f the Madura
mission, has had 20,000 patients, with
nearly 5,000 surgical operations. They I
came from the 216 villages. Dr. Mary
Niles, of the -Canton mission. has had
5,000 patients, with 600 surgical opera- t
tions.
-Italy is thinking of reducing the
cost of her universities by suppressing a
the smaller ones. The cost of each I
student to the state, after deducting a
the fees they pay, is as follows in the *
different universities: Naples, $43; Tu- a
rin, 869; Bologna, $92; Pavia, $94; Pal- n
ermo, $102; Genoa, $103; Padua, $110;
e Catania, $123; Rome, $140; Modena.
r $204; Messina, $206; Piss, $208; Sassari,
$209; Parma, $262; Cagliari, $269; Siena,
5272. Naples has 5,000 students and
Siena less than 200. There is much
local opposition to the reduction, but
r it is dillicult to defend the existence of
separate universities at places as near
P to each other as are Messina and Ca
tania, Pisa and Siena, Parma, Modena
a and Bologna, or the two universities
for the island of Sardinia.
WIT AND WISDOM.
d -Dress is the table of your contents.
-Lavater.
-Gallantry.-She -A gnat has got
into my eye. He-What a heavenly.
death.--Fliegende Ilatter. A
-None.--"Have you any friends in t
this city?" asked the paying teller at
the bank. "No," he replied; "I'm a
baseball umpire."-Washington Star.
-- 'Gray has a good deal of experi
ence as a dramatist, has he not?"
"Yes, indeed. Spoiled more French
a plays than any other man in the busi
ness.-B-rooklyn Life.
-"The baby's awful bald," said Ma
beL "Yes; they come bald on pur
pose. If they had hair they'd pull it e
all out, and then all that hair would
be wasted," said Tommy.-Harper a
Young People. 51
-Friend-And how is it you don't 1
i get married? His Ludship-Me deah $
fellah, you would be most confounded- tl
ly surprised if you were to heah of the n
disgustingly low offers I've had. Not C
me! I'm waiting till these blawsted i
times blow ovah."-Judge.
-A Sad Experience.-The female
plaintiff in a Texas divorce suit was
asked, upon taking the stand and
prior to being sworn, if she believed in
a future life. "I used to," she replied;
-but since I was married I've had all P
that nonsense taken out of me, com
pletely." -Texas Siftings. f
-Couldn't Fool WVilly.-"There'slots
of luck in a rabbit's hind foot," said b
the man- who is mildly superstitious.
"You should get one." "Ha-ha!" said tC
Willy Wishington, after some thought. f
"Ha-ha! That's a joke. We only get of
Welsh rabbits at the club, and they
haven't any hind feet."-Washington f:
Star. o0
-The Way It's Done.-Managing hi
Editor (Evening Error.)-The Evening
Howl is beating us on their two o'clock nI
edition; they have it on the s reets at it
half-past twelve. City Editor--Well, m
what is to be done? Managing Editor
-WVe'll have to get out our six o'clock
edition at three instead of four, as at
present-Puck. t
-Whoever is wise is hpt to suspect i
and be diffident of himself, and upon
that account is willing to hearken unto _
counsel; svhercas the foolish man, be- e
ing, in proportion to his folly, full of th
himself, and swallowed up in conceit,
will seldom take any counsel but his
own, and for the very reason that it is
hinswn.--Hlalguy.
--Tax Collector-Really, Mr. Biggs, o
I can't accept this income tax return
of yours as correch You say your in
come is $10,000 and yet you live at the
rate of 520,000 a year. Biggs--'that's
all right, my dear sir. This is an in
come tax, not an ou tgo tax. That ex
tra $10,000 is an expense in my busi- so
ness. Tax Collector-In what way? eY
Biggs--Supplying my wife with the in
pleasures of life. If that isn't the busi
ness 3f a marrie, man, I don't know o
what is-Harper's Bazar. de
Inference.
"'I want to git a collar fer my hus- th
band," said the hard-faced woman, "1
"and I declare I have plumb forgot the -
size. I giner'ly buy all his collars and ge
ties fer him, too."
"Ah!" said the astute clerk. "Then
you want about a thirteen and a half
or fourteen."
"Yes, that's right, but I don't see th
how you guessed it so easy." or
"Oh, I have noticed that a man who
lets his wife buy all his haberdashery ph
for him usually has a neck of about l
that size."-Cincinnati Tribune.
Important Appeaurneem.
Bssie-My dolly is better dressed
than yours.
Ethel-I don't care to have my dolly i
so very dnely dreesed: it make me *p i
psar Uke. au$e.** 'Ju4g
1 ,. - 'i.
It
mew 4 -.a meabe r at . et,
lase s1,,s t. , V. I.m; naty wom
aL the War see eod.
B (m the deAMulsers, atO, Asseem.)
Mr. Fred Tlor.a bebota ad beobght up
In sear iýhir li. . rand tfre there en
eL tiate in the aseh wegimen% N. it., V. 1.,
, -with Which he Went through the trair and
i hW kmtehlis h aet" rvie. Owing to exposum
and hardships during the service, Mr. Tay
lor coatraoted chrboniodiarrhaea from which
he has suffered now over 8 years, with ab
solately no help from physicians. By
u nature he was a wonderfully- vigorous maL.
t Had he not been, his disease Lad the exper
Iments of the doctors had killed bim long
a ago. Laudanum was the only thing which
. aforded him relief. He had terrible head
e aches, his nerves were shattered, he could
Snot sleep an hour a day on an-average, and
he was reduced to a skelet9n. A year ago he
and his wife sought relief in a change 6f
6 climate and removsa to Geneva, O., but the
f change in health came not. Finally on the
r- recommendation of F. J. Hoffnor, the
id leading druggist of Geneva, who was cog
Id nisant of similar cases which Pink Pills had
cured, Mr. Taylor was persuaded to try a
n box. "As a drowning man grasps at a
it straw so I took the pills," says Mr. Taylor,
nh "ht with nomorehope of rescue. Butafter
thirty years of suffering and fruitless search
r" for relief I aslast f0oun it in Dr. Williams'
e Pink Pills. The day "lfter I took the first
pills I commenced to feel better and when I
te had taken the first box I was in fact a new
ua man." That was two months ago. Mr.
.- Taylor has since taken-more of the pills and
hiprogress is steady and he has the utmost
n confidence in them. He has regained full
control of his nerves and sleeps as well as
in his youth. Color lb coming back to his
s- parched veins and hie is gaining flesh and
it strength rapidly. He is now able to do con
e siderable outdoor work.
As he concluded narrating his sufferings,
it experience and cure to a Beacon reporter,
Mrs. Taylor, who has been his faithful help
meetthese many years, :aid she wished to
a add her testimony in -favor of Pink Pills.
h "To the pills alone is due the credit of rain
y lag Mr. Taylor from a helpless invalid to the
man he is tod," said Mrs. Taylor. Both
Mr. and Mrs. T or cannot find words to
express the gratitude they feel or recom
- mend too highly Pink Pills to sufferlnghu
manity. Any inquiries addressed to them at
. Geneva O. regarding Mr. Taylor's case
they will cheerfully answer, as they are
g anxious that the whole world shall know
what Pink Pills have done forthem and that
suMedier no ompanty, Schmaybenecfitady, N. Y., for
0r. Wll per boxink or sillx bcontan xesl the elor
ements necessApril 1ary to ive new lie and Greatch
a- aess to the blood and restore shattered
nerve Tamo nation sal demoy lldruggati cots
or m ventioben haetby mal from Dr. WilliCms.
, 18ne0. The convompany, Schenectadivided N. Y. for
h0centr per box. or six boxes for$2.50.
HISTORICAL.
Othe April 21of, 8slavery, Alexander the democrati
died.
180, this3, 1564, bein the supposed birth
'fwas United William Shakespeare at to ar
ord-upon. He h-Ad been. H consudied on this andate
was an attemptous national demoratic hron
vention possessio Charlston, N. C., pri
Ox, 1860April 25, 1891,. The convention divided on
the issue of slavery, and two democratic
tickets wereship, Bltimaely made, giving
the election to Lincoln.
' Gx. WmLlM EATON, with a motley
t andforce of Americaned livrees lost.and ArThe Blan
captred Derne, in Tripoli, on dpril attack.
Th185, this being the first timise the
mericaan Condell was raised over a or
tresuck the Blanco wtlantith one torpedo aton
w110 yards United tates nav at gesixt toy-ive.
She wa. s struckhad been onsultoips by one from
the Lynch, aexperienced in affairs on the north
African coast. The campaign at erne
was an attempt to place a foun dethroned
prince in possession of his rights.
ON April OME, 1891 the Chilean insur
gent warshp, Blanft Encee or te was
bstaown p by torpedot in Calder bay
and two hundred lives lost. The quicklyn
puto went down in a true torpedo attack.salt.
The assailants were the torpedo eruis
er, Condell preservesnd Lynch. The Condell
struck the Blanco with one torpedo at
110 yards and a second at slxty-ac ve.
Ushe was struck amto waships by one from
the Lynch, and two minutes later orit
nine minutckings from the striking of thes no
Condell's first torpedo, foundered, csrry-s stopper d
frg down al bbottle heat forty of her people.
HOME HINTS. t
Navhot allow lft over coffee or te to
stand in tin.ll be greatly improved. r
To Wteapo whites of roughly bet qstrongickly
put in a small pinch of salt.
odap all preserves, ellies and cannedll
frandits in a ecool, dark and dry placrevent v
baking; it will saikve your hands.oticed f
to the starch when boiling prevents it
from sticking to the irons and leaves nor
odor.
IN order to remove a glass stopper d
from a bottle heat the neck by holding the
over a ruighted match, or by pouring f
hot waterr-"Pop, what is a popular i
ong?" is well to boil mmy's Fathe molasses thato be
it very hot before be and tired of heake,
Ing."-Phd it wiladelphl be greatly improved. c
"How asON tears thoroughly with strongme a
colonel?" wtery enougd then rinse welas
thdelayed in Georghaylke smell oten notied a
pnic."-Atlanta Constitution.
TJce little roels ou cotton back tting
this covered with a dark cloth, -nder il
Wrear endt's of the rmatteker with him?" Jingle I
thaget himkea a practice of "tippine.g
Do norw attempt toBirmingham and Sherid thea,
amthe Pan bandle lines, 948 trains pass 01
over the track daily. Pourcornmeal c
or. V. Dqns reports that em, or throw
plover a rg or anything ndy orthern have twill
lateludey joined the American alway
MTorea Yi-"Pneop, whave refused to a popula
aonger" Tommy's Father-"One thate
evchangeable book, and tiredveral of hear g
ines w--Phildl soon restrict the use of their cord.
the ohor eartih did Smithbeome a
you nd~ gi~i~iafioboiling
Swatm : d.add.h a. pound, of powdered
sugaueoand t atil smeth~ m a tea
-spoo fulo act f vanilla. Spread
aond Ftl cae e warm.-Fa.rm, Field
-Broiled SadaL.-- ub the fish with.
olive oil befoe broiling as it gives it-a
much flner'flaor, broil it over a.mod
erate fire so that the outside does not
Sblre befota it is eooked through, sea-,
add tb thtei 'pfead with soft buttei,.
d garnish with slices of lemon, and boir.
a at onqe.-Houisekeeper.
h- -Lemon .Pie.-One cup sgar, one
tablespoon'butter, one tablespoon corn
) starch, juice and grated rind of one
y lemon and one cup hot water. Cook
unttil it looks clear, stirring all the
g time to keep from burning. Add one
h well-beaten egg. Bake with top and
t- bottom orusts.-Mrs. Henry Hall, in
d Home.
d -Egg Sauce.-To two tablespoonfuls
e of melted butter add one tablespoonful
d of flour and stir, without browning,
until well cooked, then slowly add
e boiling water until it is the right con
p sistency; add a little salt, another
4 spoonful of butter and three hard
a boiled eggs cut in small pieces.--Or
5 ange Judd Farmer.
rI -Treacle Tart.--Line a pie-dish with
some pastry, then put a layer of bread
s crumbs, well moistened with, treacle,
at nd flavored with chopped lemon-peel.
Then a layer of thin pastry, next trea
cw le, etc., and so on till the dish is full.
r. Place a top crust over, and bake. To
serve, turn out with the bottom up
wards, and sift sugar over.-Leed's
SMercury.
S-Coffee Blancmange. - Take one
d third box of gelatine and dissolve in
i. one-half large cup of milk; when thor
oughly dissolved add another one-half
I, cup of milk, one large cup strong cof
r, fee heated to the boiling point, one
half small cup of sugar, two eggs well
beaten, pour into a mold; to be eaten
* with cream and sugar.-Mrs. J. S. Mc
e Elwain, in Farm and Home.
h -Lamb Chops.-Season the chops
with salt and pepper, wrap in buttered
~ paper, and broil over a clear fire for
it fifteen or twenty minutes. Cook fresh
e green peas, have them quite dry, then
e stir in half a cup of sweet cream (or
t milk with a little butter will do) in
which has been smoothly stirred a
teaspoon of flour. Season to taste, and
3 pour around the chops.-Housekeeper.
-Chicken Broth.-Cut up a good
sized chicken and put to it three pints
r of water or weak broth, a tablespoon
ful of salt, half a teacup of pearl bar
ley or rice. Cover it close and let it
simmer for an hour, skim it clear and
add pepper to your taste. The chicken
may be placed on a dish with pieces of
butter over it, a dust of pepper and
served with mashed potatoes.--Boston
Budget.
-Fried Cabbage.-Spring cabbage is
very nice when it first comes into sea
son. but after a while one tires .of it.
If fried, it forms a pleasant change,
and seems almost like another vegeta
ble. Take any remains of cold cab
bage, and, if you have it, a little pota
to. Chop both together, and season
highly with pepper and salt. 3Melt
about an ounce of dripping in a frying
pan, and when quite hot place the veg
etable in it. Then mold the vegetable 1
into a shape on one side of the pan,and
leave it until brown. Turn out in a
vegetable dish and serve at once. -
Leed's Mercury.
-To Fricasee Pigeons.-Cut two
pigeons into pieces, wash and clean
them well, and put them into a sauce
pan with a pint of water and the same I
of claret. Season it with pepper and
salt, a blade of mace, one onion, a bou- I
quet of sweet herbs, and one and one
half ounces of butter rolled in flour.
Cover the saucepan closely and let
them stew till there is just enough for I
the sauce. Then remove the onion
and herbs and place the pieces of pig
eon on a dish and keep them hot. Beat I
the yolks of three eggs and stir them I
into the gravy until it is thick and
smooth, then put in the pigeons and
shake it all together over the fire. Put I
the piece s of pigeons into a dish and
pour the sauce over them. Scatter a
few fried oysters over the top.-B-oston t
Budget. c
THE FAMILY SITTING-ROOM.
A Place Where Family Ties Are Strength- 1
ened.
One of the good old institutions of
family life which has nearly disap
peared from the modern home is the
family sitting-room. Nothing in the
modern small house takes the place or
fulfills its function. The small parlor
and reception hall must be kept in or
der for company. This is a necessity
when there are young children. The
library is too small, and is, besides, the
place where we want quietness. Usu
ally, also, it opens out of the parlor or
hall, and therefore has not the privacy
necessary to the true family sitting
room. In these days of extreme indi
vidualism every member of the family
wants a room to himself or herself,
which is, presumably, the reason why
our houses are cut up into so many lit
tle cubby holes of chambers. And so
there is no place kept for a big, com
fortable, light, airy, roomy, sitting
room.
Yet did we regard things rightly we
would have a sitting-room in our house
if we had to sacrifice the parlor. Not
that it could take the place of the par
lor, for one of the first requisites to the
real family sitting-room is privacy to
family life and opportunity for free
dom. There must be the big table with
the lamp and the children's school
books, toys and games, the newspaper,
and perchance .the mother's mending
basket. There must be the comfortable
lounge on which the tired father or son
can stretch at ease and take a little
evening nap, lulled by the murmur of
family life around him. There must
be the easy chairs, not -too fine to be
tilted back by the kind but unsophjsti
cated relative from the country,whom,
of course, we must admit to this fam
ily sanctum. Here especially must
the mother make her headquarters.
The mother is the heart of the home,
and she must be accessible to all her
family many hours of the day if the
heart-life of the home is to be kept
warm and glowing.
Around her the different members
of the family mutt center for the inter
change of thought and news of each
other's doings. It is truly lamentable
that in so many families brothers and
elters, parents ana children are al
almost entire strangers to each other's
lives; and when they do meet halve ,
very little of common interest to talk
about. The tendency is to the disinteg
gration of the home and the chilling
and decay of family atection. Noth
ing will remedy this like a return to
the good old eastom and posesaleb of
. .. _ • . , -#.+1't"N
Economy requires that in every receipt calling
for baking powder the Royal shall be used. It
will go further and make the food lighter, sweeter,
of finer flavor, more digestible and wholesome.
OALM AIN POWDER CO.. S10 WALL wTr., NEW VORK.
ALL SORTS.
Mrss MAnr PnOCTOR, the daughter
of the astronomer, will lecture on as
tronomy at Chautauqua during the
coming summer.
Psor. MAx MULLEr knows eighteen
different languages to the extent of be
ing able to speak.or write in any one
of them, and a considerable number in
addition less perfectly.
HaNmY ARTHUR JONES' latest play
holds the record for length of title. It
is "The Triumph of the Philistines and
How Mr. Jorgan Preserved the Morals
of lMarket Powbury Under Very Trying
Circumstances."
BTATEra on O . or TOLamO, !_
LucAs Couxry.
F~Pga J. Caasxr makes oath that bets
the senior partnerofthefirm of F.J. Cuaesr
& Co. doing business in the City of Toledo
Count and BState aforesaid and that said
firm will pay the sum of ONa sUNsiEDn DOeL
LAns for each andevery case of Catarrh that
cannotbo cured by theuso of HAL'S CAT*RBA
Cons. Fns.xx J. CENxsr.
Sworn to before me and subscribed In m
presence, thisGthda yof December, AD. 1ISS.
SA . W. GLASON,
S 1 ~.otaryt Plaah.
Hall's Catarrh Cure Is taken internally and
acts directly on the blood and mucous sur
faces of the system. Seond fortestimonials,
free. F. J. CHnsax & Co, Toledo, 0.
TEXAS JusTIrc-"Yon admit yon stolethe
pig out of the penal" Colored lrisoner
'Yas, I admits I stole de pig, but I was
hongry, an' I didn't have nuffin' ter eat."
"Pork reacher " said the judge, with tears
In his eyes, as he chalked him down for two
years.-Tammany Times.
When Travenlg
Whether on pleasure bent, or business, take
on every trip a bottle of Syrup of Figs, as it
acts most pleasantly and effectively on the
kidneys, liver and bowels, preventing
fevers, headaches and other forms of sick
ness. For sale in 0 cents and SL bottles by
all leading druggists.
A wssa man should have money in his
%ead, not in his heart --Swift.
HE is a fool who cannot be angry, bI t he
is a wise man who will not.-Old Proverb.
Eaca one sees what he carries in his heart.
-Goethe.
DELrvsa me, O Lord, from that evil man,
myself.-T. Brooks.
IF hours did not hang heavy what would
become of scandal f-- Bncroft.
WnEa the devil goes for his photograph
lie wants to retouch the negative himself.
Ram's Horn.
He deserves small trust who is not privy
counselor to himself.-Ford.
In persons grafted in a serious trust negli.
gence is a crimo.-Shakespearo.
A counms of conduct that has to be de
fended to the conscience may always be set
down as wrong.-Ram's Horn.
"How SrANY bells are in this chlimet"
asked the curious traveler. "Eight all
tolled," said the sexton.-Indianapolis
Journal.
IN the Chains.-He (protesting)-"Poverty
is no crime." Sho-"Possibly not morally,
but it is matrimonially."-Detroit Free
Press.
BSor men are counting upon getting to
heaven because they have never been in
jail.-Ram's Horn.
Tan new woman hasn't progressed so fast
that she can spade up her own flower gar
den yet.-Boston Globe.
LADIES in stockholder's box (who are be
Ing hissed for talking loudly)-"As if we
hadn't heard the 'Tell' overture before "
Flicgende Blaetter.
As emphatic "no" is seldom so binding as
a soft, deliberate one of the kind that make
no splash when they light.--Milwaukoe
Journal.
PoonRot'sEs are full of people whose
pride and boast once was that they were too
independent to be bossod.-: ilwaukee
Jouu tal.
WE-GIVE
AWAY<
Absolutely free of cost, for a
LInIITED TIhlE ONLY,
The People's Common Sense Medical Ad
v iser, By R.V. Pierce, M. D.. Chief Consulting
- Physician to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical
-- Institute. Buffalo, a book of over I,ooo large
-pages and 3oo colored and other illustra
d tions, in strong paper covers to any one
z sending Iz cents in one-cent stamps for
packing and postage only. Over 68eo, o
- copies of this complete Family Doctor Book
already sold in cloth binding at regular
price of $1.5o. Address : (with stamps and
Sthis Coupon) WORLD'S DISrPFSARY3 MeD
I CATL Assoca'_IOl, No. 663 Main Street,
Buiflo. N.Y.
SI iCONSUMPTION
can, without doubt, be cured in its early stages. It is a
battle from the start, but with the right kind of weapons
properly used it can be overcome and the insidious foe
vanquished. Hope, courage, proper exercise, will
power, and the regular and continuous use of the best
nourishing foodmedicine in existence--.
Scott's Emulsion
--the wastin can be arrested, the lungs healed, the
coughcure, bodily energies renewed. and the physics1
powera made :to_ assert themselves-and kill the germs
that are begiming to fitd lodgment :in the lungs.
This renowned preparation, that has- no doubt- cured
hundreds of thousands of incipient c4ases of om um
tion, i simply Cod-liver Oil emulaied and a
palatableand easy .of asmilation, coombined with the
l 2j ~ ~-"~~: ~~~~
whee Yoa Want a srweehrer
Horse Pewer, Swingtng or Wind 8tack_.
Saw Mill, Self Feeder oi' 8 11" nint.AEI
dress the J. L Cass T. . Co., dac@id,W1
They have the largest Threshing Mahi
plantin the world, and their imp.ements may
be relied upon as the best. Business estab
lished 1847. Illustrated catalogue mailed free.
Pours who sing of a "shorelesa sea"
leave nothing in their imagination for the
waves to brealkon and for ships to arrive
at and land whale oil after a long voyage.
N. O. Picayune.
Prso's itrs is the medicine to break np
children's Coughs and Colds.-Mrs. M. U.
Blunt, Sprague, Wash., March 8, '94.
1r we try to obtain perpetual change4
ohange Itaelf will become monotonous.
ituskIn. _
seiae Eywr Oued.
Jackeon's Indian Eye Salve never *ils a
do thsa;   at all drag store.
BEFORE I coulget relief
r from a most hor
rible blood dis
ease I had spent hundreds of dollars1
trying various remedies and physi
clans, none of which did me any
good. My finger nails cane off and
my h air came out, leaving me
perfectly bald. I then went to
HOT SPRINGS
Hoping to be cured by this celebrated
treatment, but very soon became disgusted
and decided to try S.S.S. The effect was
truly wonderful. I commenced to recover
at once, and after I had taken twelve bot
tles I was entirely cured-cured S.S.S.
when the world
renowned Hot
Springs had failed.
War. S. I,poarLs,
tSheeveport Lte
Addeus. DWIPT SPECIEC c O.. £0555.04
Work flies
right along
S, when you take Pearline
to it. So does the
'  v,  dirt. Every scrub
C ýbing brush seems
to have wings.
You get through your cleaning in half
the time you used to, and witho'lt any
commotion or fuss.
Pearline saves rubbing. That means a good deal besides
easy work, even in house-cleaning. Paint and wood-work
and oil-cloth, etc., are worn out by rubbing.
Pearline cleans, with the least labor, and without the
least harm, anything in the world that water doesn't hurt.
Send Peddlers and some unscrupulous grocers will tell you " this is as good as"
Sor " the same as Pearline." IT'S FALSE.-Pearline is never peddled,
it Back yhonestosdt you i , lof, Nfew %or.!
Your
Neighbor's
Wife
_ 7- Likes
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
Says it saves time--saves money--makes overwork unneces
sary. Tell your wife about it. Your grocer sells it.
Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, St. Louis.
DUNCAN'S LINIMENT teted REMEDyreabe
SR IIEU MATIS M, Tadhe Toothache,
. R Aand PAINS generally.
GW. OUSTER. ClwrroMvt a. AuA.. says: "" I bav found DUNlCAN"S JIMMN to be
the best remedy for pains generally I ever saw.
g For COLIC Ia HORSES and MULES It is a * dead shoot."
wan MANUPACTumING Co., Proprietors, - AUBHVILLU., TEEN.
flew. JohnR fletd Jr F1
(3reat Faia, Men, recss
mzsiicd DiV.~ Cream Bal
Foteas 1 1e _raDo1inp o
Ma aeaflent, "It 4. a oie
cure ot eetarrh if used as
iretatd."- - Rev.- pianef(
W. Pbdao Patv Centra
Pros. Churchl, $etena. Yrrow
CA TARRH
Opn,,,,ltdieitnmsm aseathe Naeal.Pasuaeise Alley. raiu
ald Inhamn~at. the Sores. i'roi I the
Memebrae from do.lu..je totre the Sense of Tiast
and Sunsel. Tbs Dain ~lchlyrl absOrbed afd 035e0
roilef at once.
A parutcleaa~rppled ILnto each nautili and? 50mWw
able. Price/ O cent at Drupifsts or hy malt.
JLIT DR5I3B SER. to Warren Street. New Yorh.
$EWIES MACENIHES eds a nd . H urr
A.(I mnen. eem t.oa
8" "SUR secret tor,..uIn S w or t alO-Curie for Wor
et. atedOn. thRANK OLLINýIhR. wt Kaltne.
A. N. K., F i3563
WJIIZ WIIllING TS ADV3UT'iIaKKO PL~ake
sale thas is zsaw ho Adveatieerno..0 ha ft
saner.
WALTER BAKER qa- 0
PURE, HION crrr*r
COCAS AND CROOIATES
,.l'AWARDS
dal- an Food