SLAIAiYTETT GAZETTE.
,l ME III LAFAYETTE LA., SATURAY, JANUARY 11, 1896. NUMBER 45
Sen eral
Merchandise.
iLwetl Prices Consistent With
S Quality of Goods.
U.mal Ave..., a LAFAYETTE, LA.
C. A: VOORHIES,
ADDRESS:
Derby sil. Esplanade Sts. New Orlcans, L
WM.lpi. LEE & CO.,
aWHOLESALE
LIQUORS,
753 and 7IS Lucas Avenue,
ST. LOUIS, MO.
W. BERNARD,
-Barber Shop,
Domengeaux Building,
Near Southern Pacific Depot.
CHAS. D. CAFFERY,
Attorcey at Law
and Notary Public
Office on Madison St.. LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
A..tLorneyts at Lawy,
LAFA.YETTE, LA.
. Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND Stable.
Lincoln Avenue.
Two Blocks From Depot.
oint-class rigs at reasonableo price.
tCigeful drivers furnished when required
LAAYTETTE LA.
Jan IT.
C. DEBAILLON,
". LA.WTYER.
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su.
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
sadTNew Orleans.
LAPAWETTE. LA.
IRAILROAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "'OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
MT. CARE COJIT
LAPAYEr'rB. LA. I
The system of education ineludes the
ooench and English languages, Music
bnd all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health 3
and comfnrt of those placed under the
ware of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT ani SUPPLY SHOP.
Near )taLk 5Ialldlag.
FRED MOUTON1, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
'onae. All work promptly attended to
Satistadtion guaranteed. e
H. C. SALLES,
DDE:NTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LAL
E. O. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW ANDI
NLOTARY PUBLIC,
Iafayete. La.
DRL. J. L. DUHART.
A plaetitolier in the State SS years,
sad i .LaLfayette Parish 11 years, calls a
attention to hts new and successful treat
asent"of the respiratory organs. Medi
ti lahalations combined with consti
tutional treatmont, affording a cTre It s
Consumiption, in the first and secod
peelod irthey follow oexactly the treat
gonea and relief in the third period. t
-Deafness ama ohono diseases in gem
5al a8pecialty. _
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Public =
Justice of the Peace. :
pro tnptattention given to [
atfe uI Sebounst. notes os s
jlafuduea olds at
' m.  q..m jg-r -, ti
LOVE'S SACRIFICE.
Rat-tat-tat sounded it It t ienaty tito
etone from the druam, and slowly, iti
mingle file, the miserable prisoners came
into view. RIagged, dirty, unkempt,
footsore, panting from the blainag Attl
gust sky, they were truly a pitiable
sight, though they held up their heads
defiantly, and smiled derisively at ti e
insulting epithets and grimaces which
the lower classes heaped upon them, es
lecially in the vicinity of any ofltlt:'s
residence. The better class of the
Ilavanese showed their sympathy in
striking contrast to the Jeers and gibes
of the baser sort-the men, by their
sullen, indignant looks; the women, by
frequent sobs and tears and smothered
exclamations of "Los desgracindost"
"'ue lastima! Dios los ayudel"
The time was 18651, directly after the
capture of Crlttenden, Lopes's brave
lieutenant, in his ill-starred expedition
to (uba. He and his Spartan remnant
a were these forlorn prisoners.
When they reached the Calle de Io
Lamparilla, one of the narrow streets
of the city, the guards suddenly halted
the column and reverently bared their
heads. A funeral procession was ap
proaching from the opposite direction,
and the line was pushed close toward
the houses jutting on the narrow foot
way, scarcely worth the name of a side
 walk.
A youth among the foremost prison
era, who, evidently, had not the forti
tude of his older companions, judging
by his bowed head and deep dejection,
now looked up with a wan smile of rec
ognition as a pair of dark eyes brim
nwing with tears gazed through a lat
ticed window at the pitiful sight.
"'Amalla I' he whispered.
"liobercito! Is it indeed you? Oh,
how terrible! I did not dream you were
with them."
"Dearest cousin, save me," he re
Ilied in Spanish as fluent as her own.
"We are all condemned to be shot in
two days, perhaps sooner. I am to,
young to die."
"Would that I could, nine querido,
but, alas! 1 am powerless as a lamb
among wolves."
"Amalita, don't say that! You have
friends, lovers, among the Spaniards.
For the love of my mother-"
"Forward, march!" rang on the air,
and the weary column passed on to the
dungeons of Morro castle.
That night the Senorita Amalia de
Valdez was a dream of loveliness as
she reclined listlessly among the cush
ions of a lounge in her handsome salon.
Tall, exquisitely formed, with jetty
tresses framing a softly rounded face,
with "midnight eyes" so large, so liq
uid, so lustrous that her admirers ex
hausted the affluence of their honeyed
tongues in praising them; with a mouth
whose twin carnations, perfect in re
I~se, were still more enchanting when
her smile disclosed the dazzling teeth
within-it is no wonder she was con
sidered to be the beauty of beauties
in a capital famed for the grace and
loveliness of its women.
The young Capt. Antonio de Ramon,
who presently entered, was so enrap- 1
tured with her appearance that only the
presence of the inevitable duenna re- s
strained him from throwing himself
at her feet in reality, as well as in the
formal salutation with which Spanish
gentlemen greet all ladies.
"Beso a V lo pies, senorita."
She responded in the same fashion,
only kissing his hands (figuratively)
instead of his feet. But she looked pre- r
occupied, sad, despondent. He seated I
himself near her, while the duenna, I
her gentle Tia Maria, retired to a dis- 1
tant corner and, opening a prayer book,
was soon entirely (to all appearances, 1
at least) absorbed in its perusal. r
"Tell me, my soul," said he, "why are
you so melancholy?" i
A sigh was the only response.
"Alh, yes! 1 know your tender heart
aches for the prisoners you must have
seen to-day. Poor fellows! Theirs
is a terrible fate. But, tell me, what t
is it you wished to ask me? Can there a
be a wish of yours I would not gratify t
at the risk of my life, if need be? I j
have your precious billet safe here," z
and he pointed to his heart. "You have t
but to command and I will obey." f
"Tia mla," said Amalia, turning to her a
aunt, "I have mislaid my pearl bracelet
upstairs. Will you kindly look for it?"
The duenna vanished as if she hail t
expected the request. On the instant t
Amalia said to him:
"You have often sworn that you love (
me to distraction, is it not so, An
tonito?" v
What happiness it was for him to r
hear from her lips the diminutive "ito" c
added to his name, which, in itself, is 8
a caress in words.
"My life, with all my heart and soul," v
he exclaimed, seeking to embrace her. i
But she drew back.
"No, I give myself only to him who a
proves his love." c
"What can I do for you, beloved? v
Dispose of me as you vwill for life." s
"It is life I ask. Sit here beside me, r
dearest, and I will tell you."
She then related the scene of the -
morning, her discovery that Roberto,
who had passed the previous winter ia
in Havana with the family, was now c
among the prisoners.
"He is the son of my favorite aunt--- a
so young, barely 16. He came here j
to perfect himself in Spanish, and It
inspired him with my own enthusiasmj
for the COuban cause. He has returned, l:
alasI to die, unless you will save him a
for my sake. Should he perish, I can
never know another happy moment." a
Antolno grew pale as he listened. '
"You know that I would yield my life
at your eommland willingly, but in this, g
even were it possible, my honor is in- f
volved. I cannot betray the flag It
serve."
"Even when it sanctions butchery,"
she exclalmed, p~uionately. "GOo! It e
Roberto dies, I will never see your face r
again-cold, eruel, soyou are." A
"Analita, you cannot break my heart a
thus. Ask me atything else." o
"You. are prodlgalfrtworda, senir," f
ohange of manner and tone rose and
threw her is-ms round hsle hiees
"Alato.nito moil I love yott," ttOe
sobbed. "For you I would give tiUp
h home, t'elntives, country. Grant nhe
' this one favor. Sire that poor child,
.and I swear to beeLoie your wift ih dit
l other month. You have said that ift
e would marry you you would resign
S.your hateful commission in the army
0 and seek a home in Mexico. I will fol
! low you there and to the end of the
earth."
s The last words were sobbed otn his
e fiercely-beating heart, as he tenderly
a embraced her with anguished look that
S all his rapture could not disguise.
r "You have won," he said, after a
i pause. "For you 1 will dare anything.
They will die day after to-morrow. I
have but a short time, and now must
leave you, dearest. If I fail, you wil
c forgive me, will you not? or I will not
e Survive my disgrace."
s "You will succeed, beloved. It is a
t righteous act. They will have enough
victims. You shall never repent your
s sncrifie."
lie smiled sadly.
1 "Ah, if this had only happened after
r my resignation,"
1.
1 Roberto lay on a pallet beside two
ether comrades, who, in the midst of
their own misery, tried to cheer and
fortify the boy, exhorting him to meet
manfully a doom which they felt was
even mnore terrible for him than for
them. lie had been one of the most
enthusiastic volunteersi had fought
well, but now the near prospect of
death seemed to make a coward of himu.
A soldier who spoke a little English
entered the cell at this moment and
roughly bade him rise and follow to the
captain's room. Roberto rose trem
blingly.
"Courage, my boy," said a middle
aged man, "perhaps it is good news for
you. If not, beware lest he wring front
I you a word about Lopez's plans."
"Never fear," he replied, making an
cifort to control his agitation. "1 hate
to die"-here he gulped down a sob
'this way, but I'll not be a traitor.
Good-by."
The guard interrupted further
speech by pushing him into the cori
dor with his musket.
"Here is the prisoner, captain."
"Very well; you may retire, ser
geant."
Antonio locked the door after him,
and in a low tone briefly related to
Roberto the plan he had formulated
for the latter's escape.
"Each prisoner will receive three
shots. yiv dint of extensive bribery
and the cooperation of a surgeon, a se
cret friend of the Cuban cause, I have
s ,zrangcd that three JIlank cartridges
1hall be fired at you. You must be
careful to simulate death as much as
possible until the word 'Amalia' is.
whispered in your ear. Then you may
breathe freely and open your eyes, for
you will be temporarily safe. Further
details will then have been arranged
and told you. The least indiscretion
on your part. the least bungling ors
thart of those I have employed, though
only two are in the secret, will ruin me
as well as seal your fate."
Roberto thanked him fervently, and
promised him implicit obedience.
"You must not return to your comn
rades."
"Poor fellowsl" muttered Roberto.
"The light of hope is shining in your
eyes, and might betray us. Look as
downcast as when you entered, if pos
sible. At any rate do not let the guard
have a direct look at you. Enter, se:
geant," he said, as he entered the door,
"and conduct this prisoner to a soli
tary cell. He must have no communi
cation with the other filibusters."
They passed out, and Antonio,
groaning deeply, murmured:
"Oh, my love, what a sacrificel"
III.
The courtyard of the castle was
thronged with soldiery as Crittenden
and his unfortunate band wvere marched
to the death-place just as day was
breaking over the beautiful bay. Sur
rounded by hostile soldiers, they still
maintained a defiant air, even when the
glittering line of bayonets faced them,
and they knew all hope was over.
"Kneel, filibusterosl"
The command was not obeyed. Crit
tenden proudly refused, in the words
that have passed into history:
"A Kentuckian kneels to none but
Godi"
A struggle ensued, in which some
were forced to their knees; perhaps all
might have been, had not the officer in
charge, with a touch of humanity, be
gun giving the orders.
At the word "Fire I" so deadly was the
volley that few survived it, and they
but a few moments. Roberto, happily,
had no need to simulate death. The
shoek and strain of the suspense had
caused him to faint, and the surgeon,
who hastened to his side, gave a deep
sight of relief as he perceived Roberto',
rigid unconsciousness.
"Carry this body, and this, and thin"
-pointing to several-"to the hospital."
"If they are not dead now they will
soon be under his knife," laughed one
of the assistants.
WVhen Roberto revived he found him
self in a carefully darkened room. With
joy he heard the word "Amalia," in at
friendly voice. In a day or two after
ward, acecordinig .to Antonio's previous
ly concerted arrangements, he was
smuggled, in the disguise of a water
man, to an American ship in the harbor
and concealed in the hold all night.
The next day he thanked God and his
devoted cousin as he inhaled, with a0
glad sense of freedom, the soft winds of
the Mexico sea. He never returned
to Cuba, though his future life was
replete with stirring adventure.
The gay capital of Cuba was quite
electrified a month later to learn of the t
resignation from the army of Capt.
Antonio, and his marriage immediately
after, in spite of opposition of the part y
of her family, to the supremely beauti
al Senorita Amalla de Valdes.-N. O.
T3ee-D~noesa~ '
d EGCS THAT COST MONEY.
SOne Variet Halidaf t180ooo00 a Dosea sad
Not Warradsed Strwliides ElBIier
e It is not generally khotvh that anmIhag
the fads of the day the edllecting of
bird's eggs is one that interests the
t cultured and wehlthy, dnd one that may
s be very expensively indulged ih; hlile
y it affords a mild recreation to thousrnds
- of individuals of moderate means. The
a scientific collection of birds' eggs has,
in fact, become a fascinating avocation,
s bu nd r'ihtlb EitUdled, a pursuit to which
y the systematic study of birds, thelir bl
t ology, and the laws goverhing their evt
lutioz, is largely indebted, as aekitotvZl
i edged by to less atl atathority than Prof.
Huxley himself, who shotWed that C
1 study of the markings and shape of the
t eggs of the spleces aided materially in
1 establishing the close relationship of
t the Litnicoloe (plovers) and the Gavloe
(gulls and terns),
A Abide from its scientific vatlue, the
C Collecting of birds' eggs ehatiees the eh
r thusiast by the marvelous diversity in
size, shape and markings of the eggs,
fitly painted by nature herself to adorn
r the richest cabinet.
The raptores, or birds of prey, are a
favorite family with oologists, largely
from the endurance, daring and nerve
requisite in scaling cliffs and lofty trees
I to secure their eggs, which are often,
I as in the case of the golden eagle, beau
t tifully marked. This grand eagle sel
Stloml attacks the plunderer of its eggs,
r though it is unsafe to angert the ma
t estle bird when its nest contains young.
SJ'he eggs are two, and sometimes three,
t large, and shot great variation in the
markings of purple, lavender and rich
- brown, blotched or suffused over the
I surface of the shell. In Califoinia,
i where these eagles are most numerous,
a lofty live oak tree is frequently se
lected as a site for the huge nest of
sticks, with its lining of Spanish moss,
used by the birds year after year for
generations. A ledge on a cliff is also
a common resting place, and out in IVy
oming an eagle has found a perfectly
safe place to raise its young on the flat
top of a giant rock. The nest is in plain
view, but is inaccessible.
The California condor--a bird with a
sweep of wing ten feet from tip to tip,
and the largest bird of flight in the
world, not excepting the great Andes
condor-is a species of much Interest
to oologists from the extreme rarity
and value of its eggs. This condor is
becoming extinct, like the great auk;
I and,asif ithad a forecast of its impend
ing doom, it resorts to the most prey
cipitous mountain, where, on some
craggy and perhaps inaccessible steep,
it deposits its single egg of pale, grec-n
ish blue in a cave. But seven eggs are
known in collections, and the value of
one (considering the probability of the
great bird's early extinction) is very
great. More than $1,600 has been paid
for a single egg of the great ank, of
which there are 68 eggs in existence.
America can claim two-one at Vassar
college and one at the academy of nat
ural sciences in Philadelphia. The lat
ter collection held for many years
among the rarities an egg of the Cali
fornia condor, but it mysteriously dis
appeared a few years ago, and it is sup
posed some scientific kleptomaniac
thought it no sin to transfer the treas
ure to his own collection, where he is
holding it for a rise in price.
Information as to the nesting habits
of the California condor has been ex
ceedingly limited, and until 1889, when
an egg was taken for II. I. Taylor, ed
itor of the Nidiologist, no eggs had been
taken since the '50s. The taking of this
egg showed the nesting time to be early
in May, and that but one egg is laid.
[he collector secured the great egg after
a hazardous climb down a rope, which
he had fastened to a bush on the bluff
above. The condor's egg was found ly
ing in a hollow in the cave, with a few
feathers for a nest. The condors had
been frightened off by the discharge of
the collector's gun, and fortunately did
not return while he was in the cave. He
had not come prepared to carry any
eggs, but taking off his shirt he wrapped
the egg in it and lowered it to the bot
tom of the cliff, himself following it
safely.
Mr. Walter E. Bryant, for many years
curator of birds in the California acad
emy of sciences, showed what a col
lecto r may endure for :cience on one of
his expeditions to Lower California.
Guaditloupe island, lying 150 miles off
the coast of Lower California, was al
most an unknown territory to bird stu
dents, and he determined to visit it.
The island is uninhabited, and vessels
do not usually pass near it, so it was
some time before he managed to secure
passage on a freight schooner. They
landed him with a supply of provisions,
agreeing to return for him in a week.
The week passed, but the schooner
came not, and Mr. Bryant found him
self marooned. He had collected a large
lot of rare specimens, and discovered
several new species of birds. From
never having seen the face of man, many
of the birds could be caught by hand.
Delightful as the location was for the
enthusiastic ornithologist, the vanished
supply of provisions made his position
on a lonely island unenviable. He was
reduced to dining on shellfish and such
birds as he could secure, and did not es
cape to the mainland until three weeks
afterward, when the schooner returned
to the island and took off the naturalist
and his specimens.
The nests of nearly all birds are most
Interesting, and in them the oologist
finds much to study and admire, from
the tiny, lichen-covered, downy home
of that fairy, the humming bird, to the
gigantic structure of the flAsh hawk, or
osprey. One of the most curious of
mests is that of the California bushtit,
cunningly woven of moss, down and
lichen. It is pensile, like a long purse,
with a tiny round entrance hole near
the top for the bird, which is not one
tenth as large as its wonderful nest.
San Francisco Examiner.
- -The Roman stylus was often made
heavy, that it might be used as a
weapon. It was with such a stylus as
this that Ceasar defended himself when
tteked by the onaspirators.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMS,
I -When the Dutch destroyed all the
Bove trees on the Ternate islands sew
ral diseases never known before in
[ that region appeared and became epi.
dein.e.
--The pure white lotus is the royel
afower of Slain and Is always borne be
Stoithe king in state processions. Fo
a subject to Cairt one or have oet
carried before him is high treason.
-The colored people living in f3erlis
held a festival in that city recently
which attracted many of-the prominent
people of the capital. One of the best
speakers made an address, as became a
good adopted citizen, in eulogy of the
German emperor. Negroes in the fs
thet-lad have reason to be content with
their lot. They are said to be received
on an equality with whites, and ares
often called "brunettes.'
-The restriction that no member of
another feminine patriotic association
inay jola the order of the Daughters
Of the Cincinnati has been removed, and
the society's doors are now open to all
eligible candidates. hes-membership
now numbers 40, while many papers oi
new candidates are in course of exami
nation. There is a long waiting isat,
and the number of applications aver
ages eight daily. Of late many Balti
moreans have joined, indicating south
ern interest in the new organization.
-The nerves of warm-blooded ani
mals telegraph information to their
brains at the rate of about 150 feet pec
second. Ilhen anyone puts his hand
on hot iron he does not feel it until the
nerves have sent the message to the
brain, and in the interval his hand has
beeai burned. It is thought that this
would not be the case if the nerve mes
sage were transmitted with the inten
saty and velocity of electricity trans
nuitted over a copper wire to a brain et
ing with the promptness of a Leyden
jar.
-Food, to be properly digested,
should be well and thoroughly cooked.
The process of cooking promotes cer
tain necessary chemical changes, and
destroys a prolific source of disease
Food and drink frequently contain
poisons which the long-continued ap
p lication of heat will render innocuous.
The practice of recommending raw or
partially cooked meats is especially
bad. Such food is a heavy tax upon the
digestive organs, and often acts as a
carrier for the virus of infectious dis
eases.
-The average foreigner's ignoranee
of things American was brought home
to a traveler in Madrid this summer,
who was strolling through the streets
of that city in company with a Spanish
gentlemanaof ea ellenteducation. TTh
two passed an inn on whose sigti-boara
wer painted the words: "Casa Washing
ton." The Spaniard pointed it out to
his companion. "Ah, we think so much
of your Washington!" he said. "H'
was the greatest man of our country."
The American at once felt the correed
thrill of patriotic pride. "Yes," con
tinued the other, meditatively, "his
books on Spain are a delight, and his
career here as minister made him to be
admired by all." The American caught
his breath, but wisely did not under*
take to disabuse his friend of the im.
pression that the greatest American
was Washington Irving.
FIGHT WITH TWO LIONS.
Hairbreadth Escape roam the Clutehes ot
a hungry Beast.
He saw, above the ledge and a little
beyond, the ears and head of a lion as it
sat watching.the deer. Jake rose in
his saddle to place a bullet, as he said,
midway between those ears, when a
powerful lion leaped from behind a tree
on the ledge of rock above and, striking
him in the chest,carried him off his horse
headlong down the mountain, and his
horse ran wildly away. A moment later
Jake was lying on his back in the snow,
his head up hill and the beast standing
over him with one paw planted firmly
on his chest, the other slightly lifted,
and wagging its tail in delight, while
its hot breath was exhaled into Jake's
face.
His first impulse was to hold down his
chin tightly, to prevent his throat be
ing torn open, while he cautiously felt
for his knife. He found the knife and
as he drew it a slight grating sound
caused the lion to rebound at his feet
and as it did so it uttered a scream
which Jake knew only gave him the
chance of a moment. It was a call for
the other lion. Fearing to make a
motion of escape or resistance he moved
his hand back in the snow in search of
his rifle, which had been lost in the fall.
His finger touched the stock. He cau
tiously pulled it down by his side and
still looking his captor straight in the
eyes slowly turned the rifle till its
muzzle faced the lion. The bulletpaased
through its heart and it sank on Jako's
feet. Before he could move from his
helpless position the other lion bouneed
over the precipice and somewhat over
leaping its mark lit in the snow and nla
stantly received a bullet in its brain.
The two lions lay dead not ten feet
apart.---Outing.
Delleloe Innoo enee.
At Darlington recently a minister's
little daughter Was attending her first
church service. She had never seen her
father in the pulpit before, and on his
entrance there her presence of mind
forsook her and she piped out in a voice
expressive of recognition: "Why,
there's my papa up there in that boxl"
Avenging propriety swept down upon
the little maiden, and for a season there
was a great calm. But the servicewas
grievously long to such a wee worship
er, and she became very restless, walk
ing up and down the pew and sighing
audibly. "It won't be long, dear."
n,amma whispered. Whereupon en
sued another brief period of quiet, but
it was not to last. Tired baby nature
had reached its utmost limit of dndur
mrce, and by and by over the quiet lie
teners arose a little voie, olea- and
plausible and oonxin:g:: "Isn't ye
nearly done, pap9a" - Lruarnda Tel.
FELIX DEMANADI.
'rhe Up-to-Date Merchant,
Groceries, Crockery,
Liquors, Willowware,
Fancy Goods.
bi'r1el Sýtock ! CIheap Prk3
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA. --.
TRAHAN & DOUCET
Successors to J. E. TRAEIAN.
DRUGGISTS,
-AND DEALBR IZN
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
Fancy and Toilet Articles.
Bechool Books and Stationery. Base Ball Goods. Cigars
and Tobacco. Melllier's Perfumes.
PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIdt ..
P. DEIT ANADFB,
LIQUORS,
Wines and Tobaccos,
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
A. J. iMOSS. A. E1hiLEs MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON,
LUMBER,
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
OFFICE AND YARD:
Near Railroad Depot, : : Lafayette, La.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles
Sash, Blinds, Mouldings, etc.
T7airaton, CGiMtern .
Screen Doors and Extension Screen Windows.
I4YGLES.
Are the
Highest
of all
High
Grades.
Warranted Superior to Any Bicycle Built In tae
Wlorld, Regardless of Pric.
Read the following opinion of one of the moet pMro ae :.
American dealers who has sold bundreds of these wheels.
ra h Fr a Weood ladliana Byle eCo. IndianapioMs, lad.:Rcmo , VA., October. :b
Ie 5~t~l - itr. Q; Gentlemen--The Wavetrly orcher and Belie lame to h ~. ost=
poumhs.. We are flraid jrel have meatt tbs ike blbh-prie! wheeli by mz .tie "
S • ·..... ...~.~ ca nt mean totll iS that thies wheel ias orii WFmor3S.W n saw I.M
5 pOU ds.....340.00 we bre mold this yeatr and tst (sad you kaow that is a rlllgt ot - W ,i
me l er Frme. same her) we have nevr had a  reaee nor fork br.ke.i ther --oe-raehmt t ; l
weights............ d c, and that more than we can. sary oter wheel., e ,.'
.= CM·O xILLO.USTRATED CATALOUUE MI'I".:
Indiana BicycI G*
B, LEOQI,. txclwusivA t A ,.-