cub
" , inoe fof-~h ourust o Imo
aadl aretre
aoo-e
d never Ifal eepz b thwoc y
t s
-reloihnueStym rea witH
hen tuantity isaen. a
When ung are a tha ciu caly
dan a disapers t.n va
S he stomach is foum or -haous c wa rol
S oause squeamish feelings at frst. tr
No chanse red ftet ever necessvhyn a oi
Sshebest you can er aend enough of se br
n- t er moae hisas NO esihs
Diase overtaw hundrdterticates b In
.Send o sta ard1 fitr. boo. a
bea
toe.ad perfc ces we]it
diwen te in qntit our comIs taken.
weeds areafcdy that cures ever
Humrfrom the wrst Scrotula e
', s ommon Pimple.ay dpe
wseek afndtnver failed txceptin two cases pre
f thunder humor). HI has nowusn his C
ooae two hde ndtee certificates oat
ts vae, all within twenty miles of ant
=Se-nd cilard for nbooks.
A1 enefitr Isalways xuperienced fromo wi.
otte and a perfect cure I warranted.
Squantity is taken. r
it them; Euthe samewithpthe ir oAmeri
I ThisIscaused bytheductsbe fox
illg stopp oed and alaysadisappears n val
Y Reerk after taking st. Read the label. te
e stomachis foul or bilious it w els
,1- ,thebst you can get, 0nd enough of r If bU
Stime. CSoldby alD ists. an
be
WINm OF CADo cU.s
40 8ge
.a..... th
tt
qFt Female Diseases
CCA ADIT CCA OKINGA tE
a. GOhsUseAl. hare
UstPb.thsteh m.psohea.
se= Ws a cy ofhe c
. . . " ..
whenr~"~o otheaesmaemd *he
; titrl;.ri~;ni~ ~"~I ' _ ol
Ihed s, Pina one of seCMII, eatsv ensie Oro
eit;P e into .teal teo diversiived doit- t
treh. Ee, ien oditioake his de own ripe
haeletion ac ofdng to the best dithe
ght he mam have ad in stated cut
measure according to his taste. revq
It will not do for everyone to do exact- teai
ly the same way. to plant the smae air
crops, raise the same kind.o, stock and low
proportion the same alike. - There must arl
be more or less originality displayed is a
by each man. sup
Well, one of the most appropriate I
things to do this midwinter period is twc
to think strongly, discuss the situation wil:
with men of hard sense and mnake coti
such allotments of the several crops as for
best appear to fit the present situation. soil
It is a great pity more grain of one ril
kind or another was not sown in Octo- cre
ber. A large crop of oats next summer One
would mean a great saving in corn, ver
and it appearances are worth any- are
thing, well preserved corn will comr go
mand a good price next spring; will be L
well worth saving. the
Doubtless there is almost- as much abi
clear profit in oats at thirty-five cents lat
a bushel as there is in cotton at five of
cents a pound; that is, if a man knows pea
I how to raise oats and goes at it in a his
proper way. wil
Over a large section of the country er'
s oats when sown in December are not cnl
subject to injury oftener than one year on
in three, if they are put in properly the
with harrow and roller; but over the sta
greater portion this rule may be said to me
apply if the sowing can not be made in we
October and by the 10th of November, lea
it is better to wait until February be- it
fore putting in the crop. In the inter- the
val, an extra plowing of the land will ']
tend to increase the yield several bush- poi
els. As a rule our farmers bestow very ap,
little care on the seeding of this crop. in
In hundreds of instances the seeds, a sor
bushel or so, are broadcasted, more or his
less unevenly on the unbroken soils cee
and turned under with a plow, the soil hu
being left in as rough a state as that hie
kind of an implement can leave it. mi
Not much of a cropshould be expected
from this manner of treatment. If die
the land should happen to be good, a Cr
yield of eighteen or twenty bushels cl(
may be secured, but where, if more be
care had been bestowed in the seeding, 4
the yield could easily have been da
doubled. We think there is no exag- fan
geration in the statement that land an
that yields three hundred pounds of th
lint cotton can be made to produce wi
forty bushels of oats, this yield from a w
sowing made early in February, in ar
middle Georgia; a few bushels more, if th
the sowing is made in October or Sep- w;
tember. ar
It may be that many will yet decide oc
to venture a larger sowing of spring se
oats than they had originally intended, W
and we have no doubt it .will be a la
wise conclusion. If sown properly in w
February, in January in more south
erly section, and using an acclimated
variety-fairly rust-proof-anywhere
from 15 to 60 bushels may be gathered
next June. It is quite likely the grain
will command a price that will make m
the result fairly remunerative to the
grower. If good land is used for this Ea
purpose, and it should appear long i'
h about June that there is a good pros- o1
pect for cotton picking up in
prices, this land can be planted to n
cotton with a very fair chance of mak- u
: ing a good crop as if it were planted in ti
May or earlier. Farmers who have
had much experience in planting the h
staple in April and June are sure that 01
there is very little difference in the ap- d
pearance of the stalk in September of
two plantings made eight or nine
S weeks apart: that is a planting made
y April 15 and another June 15. Of
course we would not advocate a large
planting of cotton next year; still, as
we said, if the signs were good in June
for cotton advancing a cent or two, a
crop of oats could be followed by one n
of cotton if a farmer so desired. 1
As a rule peas should follow grain if t
it is deemed advisable to turn the land
afresh in midsummer. When the prac- s
tice of sowing clover with spring grain I
of any kind has become more general )
a in the south, there will be very little 1
grain stubble plowed in June, as the
clover will come on and take possession
of the land without any plowing. We
would like to see the day when such a
practice was a common one in our
country.
3 The only rational and truly econom
s ical way of restoringsthe lost fertility
Sof our long cultivated soils is
Sthrough the medium of leguminious
Scrops grown specially for manurial
purposes.
There are several clovers that our
Ssouthern farmers can use for restoring
the humus that has been almost en
tirely burnt out in the pasttwenty-five
years.
We wish that we could persuade a
few thousand farmers who read the
Southern Farm to make a fair test of
sowing clover with their grain. If
they could be persuaded to try it once
Sand make a success of it we would
soon see a perfect tidal wave of soil
improvement.
. Taking land that has been plowed,
say once, in January, harrow in the
two and a half or three bushels of oat
seed early in- February, and immedi
ately afterward sow ten or twelve
(eight might do) pounds of red or sap
L ling clover, sowing it as early as pos
sible, then give the land a good roll
ing. Very few of our farmers have
such an implement as a roller, we are
sorry to say.
If a farmer hasn't one and can not
hire or borrow one, of course he will
have to do the best he can without the
roller. A drag is the next best resort
to nu over the land after sowing the
s If be has no drag he will have
tpaut up with a brush. When aroller
la weed it presses the seed and soil
llrmi together, and thisis sall the
a heeded. The rolling must be
As.... a rpathme" the soil is drs. The
a tia. ' re twoa Way
vietiesr are, n.fd feo this hreason.
t ofajt wg i "ar" ' and, "Crimson5 uni
loveri (thbe two we refer to) will not in f
grow through the summer. These di
two, it sown in the fall or in February, sta
ripen their seed late in the spring and
die down. They are both annuals and broi
are strictly winter growers-the very by
reverse of our field peas. This charac- mor
•teristl+erenders these clovers more de-. tio
sirable than peas for manurial or fal- $200
low purposes and especially where se
early pasture or an early crop of hay chu
is desired, still more marked in their
superiority. ing
But the most extended use of these afs
two clovers, we believe, ultimately, whK
will be found in sowing them in the wh
cotton fields in October and November Mrs
for the main purpose of keeping the qui
soil from being washed by the winter gol
rains, and later on in the serlng the
crop turned under to enrich the land. fer
One good crop of Crimson or Bur clo- nom
vet turned under would so enrich our cat
average soils as to make a show of its of
good effects for several years. son
Until a farmer comes to appreciate wo
the necessity for supplying his soil ser
abundantly with hpmus, and so regu- car
lates his practices as to give each acre list
of arable land a fair crop of clover (or -
peas) every two years, he will not see lit
his farm in condition to supply him five
with profitable crops. There is nooth- mil
er way of restoring fertility to long enc
eultivated land than this of growing it shy
on the land. Strange process the o'c
thoughtless might allege, but the ant
statement is true. Put all the com- Shb
mercial fertilizer you may on these ed
worn soils, it will be of little effect un
less there is humus in the soil to make Fie
it properly-assimilable and to open pre
the soil for the essential carbonic acid. an
Till the soil with humus, then every thi
pound of commercial mineral manure tie
applied will have its effect in increas- lad
ing the crop. It is so easy for the an
I southern farmer to restore humus to or
r his soil if he only appreciates the ne
eessity for doing so. He can restore so
1 humus, in fact without intermitting Ja
t his money crop-let that be what it to
might be.
L What a host of plants he has at his
f disposal-peas, Soja beans, Bur clover, bf
r Crimson clover, Sapling clover, Red ra
S clover, Japan clover, Melilotus, vetch, fie
e beggar weed! Why mention any more? La
One of the greatest crimes of the
a day committed chiefly against the re
farmer is the selling of seeds infertile w
d and worthless. It is quite possible Al
f that there are some very good people th
e who sell such goods ignorant of how Ge
Sworthless they are. Then again there ax
n are others who sell them knowing w
if they are old seeds and consequently in
) will not grow. There can hardly be sl
any worse crime against the purse of L
e our fellow-man. It is not so bad as ne
g selling adulterated medicine, but it is
i. worse than highway robbery. Our
a laws should deal severely with those
a who commit either of these crimes.
1- Southern Farm.
e HERE AND THERE.
--Wheat mixed with corn and oats C
Ce makes a better feed than either alone.
e -Several of our Tennessee exchanges t
is say it is a common sight this year to b
g nee a new extra corn crib built by the
,s old one. A good sign, truly.
in -It takes times -like these to develop to
to new ideas. The feeding value of wheat a
k- would never have been developed with
in the grain at a dollar a bushel.
re -Many a family goes through life
be homeless because they wanted the
earth and could not get it. One hun
P dred and sixty acres is enough.
--The evening feed of both ducks
and turkeys should be scattered near
the roosting place. This is the best
way known to teach them to stay at
ge home at night-.
-- -More than 250,000 hogs were slaugh- 1
a tered at Kansas City last month, and
ne more than five million hungry German t
people wish for some of the meat, but c
if they can't get it.
ad -An acre of ground will produce g
ae- seventy-five bushels of castor beans C
in worth $1.50 per bushel. Will cotton
-al pay as well? The castor bean improves I
tie land, cotton wears it out.
he -Don't fail to bear in mind that hay
on is a good and profitable crop for every
e farmer to raise. Hogs, cattle and hay
B are a good trio of farm products for the
or southern farmer to raise.
--The best method of increasing the
m- cotton production is that of sowing in
small grain each year one-half of the
tillable land, being careful not to cul
Stivate the same field in cotton two
years in succession.
-r -Our farmers have, ever since Texas
ing was wrestled from Mexico, been killing
en grass to save cotton. Now let us re
lye verse this process and save the grass,
and let a large portion, at least, of the
ea cotton go.-Farm and Ranch.
the -It is a wise precaution to quaran
of tine newly purchased swine. Hog
It cholera in the south is almost always
ace imported. The disease prevails more
uld Ior less all over the west. Look out for
soil it in your new breeding stock.
-Good, dry earth makes the best
ed, floor for a poultry house. But it should
the be so situated that neither from driv
oat ing rains or from percolating water
di- should it ever become damp. Dry dust
lve surpasses air-slacked liae as ah ab
mP sorbent of odors, and a general pro
poe- phylactic.
oU- -An Indiana live stock breeder
a thinks the general horse market will
a continue to be low; beef cattle will
command better prices, especially ex
will port cattle; sheep will begtu to ad
th vance, and hogs will bring good prices
sortfor a year yet.
the -For siittin, s~lect eggs from the
ave best laying hens you have, and con
,Uer tinua this process, and as sure as two
soi and two make four, yon will establish
the a strain of fowls that will make it
,he pleasant to count the-eggs, and observe
The the result of following sound and sen
t sible advice.
W - -A poultry raiser should be munb
riamong his fowls, enltivpte their friend
t+ a~ip~ become '+eqmiflted with their
-$twltrinst ad ,~ir jdarii e 'Whesi
Y-~~l ~ at
a. '4odn' toad OS 4hiuis
hiit ax.e paeum ,ýlealy tid-rei
-y" - the iuthentie and authoritative
way of an Engliks print, says the New
York Times, the word comes that when
Mrs. Vanderbilt wants to eat the wing
of partridge she has ten birds cooked
and served from which to choose.
-Mrs. Louise S. Rounds, who has
just been elected president of the Illi
nois Woman's Christian Temperance
union for the ninth time, has worked
in forty-three counties, given one hun
dred and seventy-five addresses in the
state, and has visited four other states.
-Rev. Dr. William Ernest Eigen
brodt, who died a fortnight ago, left
by his will nearly his entire estate of
more than 8500,000 to various institu
tions and charities in Netr York; about
1200,000 each to the General Theological
seminary of the Protestant Episcopal
church and Trinity school.
--!frs. Cleveland has a habit of keep
ing souvenirs of the official and social A
affairs she attends, and brought back tet
what was left of the champagne bottle is al
which she broke to name the St. Louis. in ti
Mrs. Cramp gave her a unique and ex- fella
quisite vinaigrette of cut glass set in
gold, studded with diamonds.
-Sir Charles Dilke continues to suf
fer from a kind of ostracism, which is Fs
none the less real because it is so deli- the
cate. It is not so marked in the house Ct
of commons as it was, but there are gi
some liberals who ih the old days Lunu
would have been anxious to obtain his can$
services as h public speaker who now
carefully exclude his name from their pre~
lists.4
--Mrs: E. D. E. N. Southworth's busy H,
literary life is over, as she is seventy- cts
five years old and feeble, though her face
mind is still vigorous. She takes exist- free
ence as easily as one of her years
should. She breakfasts in bed at one
I o'clock, rises two or three hours later Pl
and is visible to a few visitors at five. I
She lives in Georgetown, D. C., attend
ed by her son and her daughter-in-law. .ir
--The Countess Oyama, the wife of cour
Field Marshal Count Oyamna, who is at f
present commanding the second Jap
anese army in the vicinity of Port Ar- "i
thur, is described as one of the pret- evid
tiest, most charming and accomplished
ladies of Japan. She was educated in ver3
an American college, either Wellesley var
or Vassar, and speaks English fluent ter.
ly. She was one of the lady commis F1
sioners appointed by the empress of hist
, Japan to gather and send an exhibition left
to the World's fair. t u
-St. John's Wood, London, the home
of artists, actors and writers, will be F
' badly encroached upon by the new wa'
railroad line between London and Shef
field. The house in which Sir Edwin
Landseer lived for forty-eight years. F
and in which he died in 1873, has al- to
e ready been torn down. Among others my
e which must go soon are the house it rh
e Alpha road where Mary Lamb died1 ma
the one in Hanwood square in which -E
George Eliot began "Silas Mlarner,"'
0 and that in Blanford square, where she He
g wrote "Romola." Ieigh Hunt's house has
y in Marylebone road and George Cruik- nia
shank's, near by, are in no danger, but
Lord's cricket ground is saved, and II
near it the house in which Tom Hood Wy
1s wrote the "Song of the Shirt." nu
ir an
e HUMOROUS.
bo
-In Cash-"I want to see the man bu
who accepted my poem." "He's out." thi
"He is?" "Yes; ten dollars!"-Atlanta dr
ts Constitution.
a. -Teacher---"Name the greatest ora
es tor in history." Pupil-'"Vell it rests to
to between Demosthenes and Mr. Depew." Cl
Le -N. Y. Commercial-Advertiser.
-Mr. Gamble-"Would you like tc Li
take a chance in a lottery, Miss Over
at age?" Miss Overage (blushingly)
h "This is so sudden, siri"-Yonkers cl
States san. es
fe -When a woman is jostled by the
hu man who goes out between the acts,
her one regret is that he isn't sitting
behind her new theater hat instead of
beside it.-Washington Star.
ks -I propose," began the deliberate
ar old lawyer who called around to see a
st young widow on business, when his
at vivacious client exclaimed: "I ac
cept." They are now partners.-Dal*
h- las News.
nd -Kate-"'' ow that he's courting
an that Scotch heiress, I presume hell
ut come out presently in a kilt suit."
Minnie-"Very likely. I know she's
ice going to reject him."--Smith Gray &
us Co.'s Monthly.
on -Schoolmaster--"It is all very vell
res for you to say you did not have time to
get your lesson, but the re is one thing
ay I should like to ask you-" Young
y Lady Pupil-"But, sir, this is so sud- se
ay den!"-Boston Transcript.
Lhe -"Answer by return male," was the
way the letter wound up that Miss e
hle Footlites received from Mr. Sudden- a
in rox. "I wvonder," said site, "whether
ho e means by the messenger boy or by u
ul- post."-lndianapolis Journal.
-o -Jagwell-"What makes that hen |
in your backyard cackle so loud?"
as Wigway--"Oh, they've just laid a
corner-stone across the street and she's
trying to make the neighbors think t
she did it."-Philadelphia Record. a
he -Teddy-I wish I hadn't licked Jim
my Brown this morning." MIamma-
"You see how wrong it was, don't you, I
dear?" Teddy-"Yes, 'cause I didn't
know till noon that he was going to t
or give a party."'-Chicago Inter Ocean.
for -Teacher'-"Tommy, did you find
out anything about the dollar mark?" I
Tommy-"I asked paw about it, and
est he said the straight lines stood for the i
- pillars of society and the crooked one I
for the way they got their mnoney."
ter Cincinnati Tribune.
ab- -Implying a Doubt.-Short- "Let
me have a hundred dollars for a week
pro- and I'll give you ten dollars." Spuds
-"That will be one hundred and ten
der dollars for a hundred, won't it?"' Short
will -"Yes." Spuds-"Well, you give me
will the hundred and ten now and ['11 let
ex- yon have the hundred."'-Detroit Free
ad- Press.
Sbe as W Prepared.
the Jiggs-Did you hear about Mrs. Mop
on- Sore's half killing a btrglar?
two Jaggs-Yes. How did it happen?
'ish Jiggs-She was sitting up waiting
o i tor her husband, who was out late at a
erve poker party, when she met the burglar
sen the dark hall, walking in his stock
ing feet, and thought it was Moplore.
-Nl. Y. WVorld.
ed.* Termed Over.
iheir Mawell-How are you getting en in
Bes your law practice?
-the / Skinnem-SpWUdesi although I have
aod~cwr.Usi~;te fes-.
You can mate bentr zoop with a
Lighter, sweeter, more. wholesome.
-YMSKM POW... 00. US WMLLW j 11 4 M*
l . t
A ooura of deputies belonging to difer. I1
eat shades of politics meet in the ilobby of pa
the French Chamber. "The prime minister s
is about to give Mlr. Untel an appointmenf pa
in the diplomatic service." "Whatl that nee
fellowl?"' "h certay, he is a very ca- it
eMan=" 'yes, caable of an3thing."- pnY
T'rAS or O3. CrT osr 01T , n . Mi
Luc~s Courr.. .
asxu J. CHAr-r makes oath that bets s i
the senior psrtnerof theflrm ofF. J. Casr so,
&Co., doing business in the City of Toledo in
County and State aforesaid and that said so
firm will pay the sum of olxa UunxrED" DL- ov
.Lans for each andevery case of Catarrh that m
cannotberured bytheuseof BAL'sCATAUNE C,
Cuss. Fanmc J. Cuausr. by
Sworn,to before me and subscribed in m va
presence, this6thday f December,A. D. Ib
-- A. W. Garesoe be
JN.tery Public. o
Hall's Catarrh Cure s taken internally and fa
acts directly on the blood and mucous sur- fo
faces of the system. Send fortestimonials, th
free. P. J. CHEaxTr & Co, Toledo, O.
piso's Cure for Consumption is an A No. a
I Asthma meodcine.-W. ItL WLL.rxs, An- i
tioh. Ills., April 11, 189 t
ot
"'You are familiar with Homer, of da
Scourse?" said Taddles to Whiffiott. "Ito- vs
nerl" rcpeated Whiflott. "What is his th
first namel"-Harper's Bazar. w
- '"SUE is killingly sweat." "Cain s~.ar,
evidently."--Smith, Gray & Co.'s MontL'. re
,,"Tu lady over therel Oh yes, she Is I
very clcver. She has mastered three In- p
. guages and her husband."-Fliogende Blat. I
ter.
FrxoLe-"Therm goes a woman with a J'
f history." Fang le--"That female who just -.
a left your office How do you knowl'" FIn- P
lle-l'She worked for an hour trying to sell v
it to me."-Buffalo Courier.
a FO.D PAREIT~-"BObby, why will you al
Saeys persist in pushing in the eyes of you: I
Slittle sister's dolls?" Bobby (conclusively
-"Because I can't pick 'em out."-Truth.
ForDn Husn.uiD-"Somehow I don't seem
L- to be able to enjoy your s as I did those
Smy mother moade for me w en I was a boy."
Loving Wife-"Pcrhaps you would if you h
hadn't ruined your stomach by eating so
i many of those pies whon you were a boy."
h -Puc"k.
HER FATnI~E-"TWhat are your habits?"
eHer Adorer-"You ought to know, sir. 1
to have been calling on your daughter every
c night for three months."-Life.
A 5UOTLr SC uEE.-W1fIIly-"Aunty, m
d I have a lump of sugarl" Aunty-"No,
d illy it will only make your tooth ache
umore." Wtlly-"Io, It won't: l'll just go
and eat it in front of the dentiSt's."-Puck.
"SAT," said the office-boy. "I think the
boss ought to give me a bit extra tlhis week
Sbut I guess he won't." '"What for?" aske
the bookkeeper. "For overtime. I was
toa dreamin' about me work all, las'night.
Tit-Bits.
a- CEiBtsr---"Women would never be able
ta to vote seriously." Radbourn-"Why noti"
Chesnaey-"LBecause they would want to ge
round and get sanples of the candiates be
fore madng up the mninds."-BrooklyJ
- PHYSICAL STRENGTH,
rs cheerful spirits and the ability to fully
enjoy life, come only with a healthy
eo body and mind. The young
Sman who suffers front uerv
Souns debility, impaired mem
ory, low spirits, irrita
ble temper, and the
I thousand and one de
.to rangenenlts of nind
s nand I~bdy that
is result front, un
se- natural, pernici
al. ousll habits usual
ly contracted in
yaouth, through
giinorantce, is
thereby incapac
itated to thor
as oughly enj oyv
& life, Ile fee s
tired, spiritless,
ell and drowsy ; his
to sleep isdistutrbed
ng anlld does not re
ng fresh hilta as it
id- should; the will power is weakened,
mlorbid fears haunt him and may result
in confirmed hypochondria, or wuelau
he cholia and, finally, in softing of tile brain,
iss epilepsy, ("'fits"), puralysis, loconlotor
en- ataxia and even in dread ilsanity.
ter To reach, re-claiml anud restore such
by unfortunates to health and happiness, is
the aium of the publishers of a boo0k of
en 136 pages, written in plain but chaste
, langnnuae, on the nature, symnptomus and
cur ability, by honie-treatmlent, of such
a diseases. This book will be sent sealed,
e's in plain envelope, on receipt of this no
ak tice with tell cents in stamps, for post
age. Address, World's Dispensary Mfed
, For mllore tllau a quarter of a century
n. physicians connected with this widely
Ln't celebrated Institution have made the
treatnment of the diseases above hinted at
their specialty. Thousands have con
sulted theml by letter and received advice
ind and medicines which have resulted in
k?" permlanlellt cures.
and Sufferers from premature old age, or
the loss of power, will find nmuch of interest
one in the book above mteuntioned.
Blood Diseases
such as Scrofula nd Ananmia, Skin Eruptions and Pale or
Sallow Complexions, are speedily cured by
i Emulsion
the Cream unof Cod-liver Oil. Nootherrem
edy so quickly and effectively enriches and
purises the blood and gives nourishment
to the whole system. It is pleasant to take
and easy on the stomach.
Thin, Emaiated Persons and an
asufring from Wasting Diseases are re
aued to health by Scott's Emulsion.
3B sure rou get the bgie with our
desinsarcc on itk Reuas chap sbstituted
five elt'jr ARMRRB~
A rtzvxiet was giving a large dinner
party to show of hisunew din:-rOom. The
ceili was gorgeously painted . t e 'a.l
papeor had oost a small fortune, but the-din
ner wa execrable. "What do you think of
italit" he asked the wit beside him. "'I
reer le gding sad more -wving."
Cottelese a a T'ade-tark.
An important and interesting trade-mark
suit, which has been before the courts for
some time, ha recently reached a decision
in the United States Cicult Court for the
Sonthern District of N4ew York. The suit
was for an injunction gainst theinfringe
Company. Chicago) trade-mark "Cottolene
by the use of the word "'Cottoleo." The
validity o Cottole as a trade-mark was
made permanent by an injunction, the case
bethg summaried -by the court tas follows:
I It seems to be the law that when man
facturers have educated the public to ask
for a certain article by its trade-mark nme,
they have acquired the right to insist that
products. manufactured by others shall not I
be given to the publi under that name. It
is just that it should be so for the benefit
derived from such name can only be ob- 1
tained by faithful service in furnishinE
articles of recognied value. Moreover, is
the trade-mark name might be adnopted by
others, inferior articles might then be pro
duced and sold under it; and thereby the
value to manufacturers of the reputation oft
the name used by them as a trade-mark
would be destroyed."
UisNAcxLuD-"I deduct from the census
report that two can live as cheaply as one."
Shnckled-"When you add to the census re
port you will see the difference."-PhUiladel
'phia ecord.
Great Sock Isind Rout. Playing Card
If you send 15 cents in stamps or coin to
I Jon SEATIA.., Gen'l Pass. Agent, C., H.
1. & P. R'y, Chicago, you wtill receive post
paid the slickest pask of playing cards
you ever handled. Beautiful steel engraved
Whist Rules accompany them free.
"I WOULD die for you I" insisted the rich
old suitor. "0 1 it's very easy to promise,"
rejoined the maiden skeptically.--Judie.
Do'YT Neglect aCough. Take Some Hale's
Honey of Horehound and Tar instanter.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in oneminute.
MAN may dismiss compassion from his
heart, but God ivill aever.--Cowper.
Take Measures
to make life easier by taking Pearline to do your
washing and cleaning." It does
I , . : a away with half the labor, ana
with all the dirt. It does away
tu - with the Rub, Rub, Rub,
S. jII Nothing in the way of house- .
. work is too hard for it; nothing
washable is too delicate. AlI
things washable are safe with
Pearline. It saves from wear,
S----and it keeps from harm.
Peddlers and some unscrupolous gaoers will tell -li
"" this is as good as" or " the same as Pearline." I'.S
you an imitation. be honest-ird L Iac. . JN uN Yoew.
i i. 'I
i "
CLAIRETTE 5UAP
BEST PUREST AND MOST ECONOMICAL.
sOn!! EVRYWIUM
MAE" 1~ KI.FAIRBANK COPA Y.. rhi. s..
Experiments in Georgia
show that the best cotton fertilizer should contain not less than from
3 to 4. Actual Potash.
Any failures to this crop can be traced to a deficiency of Potash
in the fertilizers used.
1Ve will gladly send you our pamphlets on the Use of Potash.
They are sent free. It will cost you nothing to read them. and they will save you
dollars. GERMIAN KALI WORKS.ae Nassaun treme N. V.. vtr
obstruetlss to a aress ,eurer
Are less eassiy emoved than
of the bowels are by H*tsteszs StoiseM.
Bittern, inhaitely more sjmoail tdanwisv e
lent purgatives d hih . n,
convulses and, weshas as the do..
Bitters also removes malaia and
matde complaints, bikioam
ache, nervousness and 'B ve Ibis
deserving remedy . . e.... S
best ead most complete results.
Auraon's Wms-"ChldrIen. you must-
be so noisy. Yourifatber . writing hs
leioted ,work."-lieasm Btte. 'tri
Thle Tre. I.sasewe Prlasipis
Of the plants used in manufacturing
pleasant remedy. Syrup of Figs -bas a
manentlybenencial effect oath n uma
tom, whUil the hea v egset)abe artrc set:
mineral solutions, usualy soJuse meaedio_ .
are permanntlsa injurious. Being well in.
tormed, you l the true reme*dy 0 -
anufactur by California FiS
Wnans you left much in your aPol's
wrllt" 'Yee confound it; completely.'
Brooklyn L. HEALS
RUNNINGQ Y.:
SORES
S
OURES s"
SERPENT'S
STINO
OIlrTAIOUS e Lee " e.'
BIL oI PIli lE edb S.S.S.. obt
ante sores and
ulcers yield to its healin powers. It 1
moves the poison and builds up the system
5W ~ ic CCO..
KoKo Tulu
Pepsin
Chewing Cum
100 LONO PIEESI PVOR $.00.
*Or COLTInAL, MoouPSP T1W.
FREE f& t
ITO AGMETS
A.N.K.,F
wear wassau*