THE GAZETTE.
Subscriptioi r Price, : $i Per Year
TOWN AND COUNTRY.,
Mrs. Eugene Gardner, of Washhington,
paid a short visit to her mother, Mrs. Marsh.
When you want any fire insurance written
see Ordwav & Richard.
Mr. and Mrs. Henderson. of New Iberia,
who have been on a visit to relatives left
for home Monday.
Miss Lorena Marsh left T hursday for
Washington. on a. visit to relatives and
friends. -
SMiss Rosa Reims, of Lake Charles, who
was on a visit to the Misses Bendel and Miss
Emma Falk. left for home Wednesday.
Mother Cesaria, Provicia.l of the Holy
Cross, was in town Wednesday, the guest of
Mrs. H. M. Bailey; in her honor the schol
ars enjoyed a holidy.
A gang of Mexicans arrived from Mexico
Thursday, their destination being Carencro,
where they will work on the Carencro and
Teche Railroad.
Sheriff Broussard arrested and jailed last
Saturday Albert Clotio and Leoville Clotio,
the former being charged with horse-stealing
and the latter as accessory before the fact.
The Gazette has received a neatly printed
card announcing the betrothal of Mr. S.
B. Kahn, of Lake Charles, and Miss Rosa
Bendel, the charming step-daughter of our
enterprising merchant, Mr. B. Falk.
We are requested to state that no liquorp
will be sold on the excursion of July 2. La
dies need have no fear of disorders as the
railroad boys know how to give excursions
and never fail to see that the best order is
kept. -
The Business Afen's Association has ap
pointed the following delegates to the Road
and Tmmigration convention on the 2lst
instant: A. E. Mouton, H. D. Guiry,
Chns. D. Caffery, T. Af. Biossat, Julian
Mouton, C. Girard, E. G. Voorhies, J. Nick
erson, E. Constanstin, J. M. Jones.
The following gentlemen have been ap
pointed on the arrangement and reception
committee: T. M. Biossat, C. 0. Mouton,
N. P. Moss, Wm. Campbell, B. Falk.
Miss Carmen Gentil, of-St. James
parish, is visiting relatives in Lafa
yette.
Miss Villa Rushing, of Alexan
dria, is on a visit to her sister, Mrs.
T. M. Biossat.
The Misses Clifford, of Opelou
sas, are spending some time in our
city.
Judge O. C. Mouton went to Ab
beville this week on professional
business.
Miss Althea Roy, of Royville,
spent a few days with friends in the
city this week.
Miss Dedele Roussel, of Patter
son, is in town, the guest of the
Misses Cornay.
Mac T.yons, the genial and effi
cient marsha! of Rayne, was in La
fayette Sunday.
Miss Marie Moise, of New Or
leans, was the guest of Miss Lea
Cladlu, for several days this week.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Hebert and
children returned home last week af
ter several day's sojourn at Grand
Cheniere.
The Gazette force is indebted to
its good friend Sam Plonsky for a
lot of delicious ice-cream, it came
at a time to be enjoyed.
Mr. J. G. Broussard, the popular
agent of the Waters-Pierce Oil Com
pany, visited friends and relatives in
St. Martinville Sunday.
Mr. Baxter Clegg, who is now oc
cupying a position in Houston,
spent Sunday and Monday in Lafa
yette with his family and friends.
The third quarterly conference of
this charge will be held in the Meth
odist church in Lafayette, to-day.)
and to-morrow, June zo and xI.
A negro excurSion train came to
Lafayette from. NewOrleans last Sun
day, and we believe the town never
had so large a number, at any one
time, within its limits.
Judge Debaillon boarded the east
bound train Sunday for Abbeville,
where he will remain during the
week engaged in some legal busi
ness.
Are you going to Abbeville on the
and of July? On that day the
Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen
will run an excursion from Wash
ington to Abbeville.
Our friend, H. D. Monnier, has a
couple of peach trees in his yard,
bearing bountifully. The fruit is
in the shape and size of a half-riped
apple. The Gazette returns thanks
for a nice lot.
Capt. J. N. Pharr, of Berwick,
La., wishes to hold a Prohibition
mass meeting, on Monday night
next, at the court house in Lafa
yerte. All are invited. Speakers
will address the ieeting.
On the s st instant, at the resi
dence of Mr. Lisbony, a dance will
take place and refreshments will be
served. It is given by friends, for the
benefit of Mr. A. Pointbsuf, who is
blind, and has a family. Should
any one feel like making a dona
tion to this charitable cause they
can send same to either Mr. Point- i
bceuf or Mr. Lisbony. The public.
is invited to attend the dance.
GRAND RECEPTION
Tendered Archbshop Jansens
and Visiting Clergy by
People of Carencro
FULLY 2500 PERSONS TAKE PART IN
THE PARADE,--ALL TOLD THE
THE CROWD NUMBERED 3000.
Two Days in tho* Annals of 'this
Pretty Village That Will
Long Be Romassabered.
By two o'clock in the afternoon of Satur
day last a swarm of people began to pour
into the town of Carencro, coming from
every section of the vicinity, until an hour
or two later fully 3,000 people were in town.
They came to welcome and take part in the
magnificient reception tendered His Grace
Archbishop Jansens.
Some moments before train time ranks
had been formed near the depot and waited
for the arrival of the Archbishop and his
party. At 4:to the whistle of the locomo
tive announced the approaching train, and
in a few seconds it stood at the depot. On
descending from the train the Archbishop
was met by a committee of citizens, headed
by Mayor D. A. Dimitry, who delivered the
following address of welcome.
Monseigneur Jansens-The people of Ca
rencro welcome you most heartily. I feel
that I speak for each and all of them when
I tell you that they fully apprediate the great
honor you have conferred upon them by
your visit to-day. St. Peter can justly
claim to be the banner parish of the diocese,
in that it is almost unanimously Catholic.
I trust that the day is not far distant when
under the leadership of good and noble
Father Laforest, we will be enabled to make
such improvement in our church property as
will gladden your heart, and prove an
honor and source of satisfactaon to ourselves.
I hope that your short stay among us, will
provean enjoyable one, and when you leave,
you take with you pleasant recollections of
Carencro and its people. Archbishop Jans
sens I again bid you welcome.
The Archbishop returned his thanks for
the warm welcome extended, and was es
corted to a carriage, in which were himself,
Rev. Father Butler, S. J., and Messrs. Jos.
Prejean and Louis Arcenaux. As a guard
of honor were a company with trailed rifles.
The procession was then formed in several
divisions, there being fully o2500 in the
parade, representing old age, feebly totter
ing along, strong and vigorous middle age,
hopeful youth, and happy childhood, and
with music playing, flowing banners and
a profusion of pretty symbolical oriflammes,
and small flags of our country, the order
for the march was given.
At the head, mounted on a gaily capari
soned magnilicent horse, dressed in a fati
que officers blue suit, with a silk sash grace
fully Iecoming, and wearing a soft gray felt
hat with a fine plume, was grand marshal
L, G. Stelly, And in this magnificent pa
geant the grand marshal was ably assisted
by hy assistant, A. C. Guilbeau, who was
attired in a black dress suit, sash and plumed
hat. The aids, also elegantly costumed,
were L. It. Prejean, John Roger, J. D.
Breaux, Francois Arcenaux, Alfred Guilbeaiu,
Onezimne TBeaux, and Sandoz Arcenaux.
There was not a hitch in the programme and
tlh procession was handled in a masterly
I manner, and to these gentlemen the credit
is due.
The lot where the church is situated is
very roomy, but notwithstanding its large
dimensions, it was well filled by the vast
concourse.
Father Laforest and the management
expected a large crowd, so it was decided to
erect an altar under some large oaks back of
the presbytery. The altar presented a love
ly appearance, and it was plain to be seen
that fair hands had charge of the decora
tions. The lighted tapers buried nearly in a
bower of flowers afforded, indeed, a pleasant
sight. This enclosed lot is zoo x So feet,
and seats had been put in. But it was sim
ply impossible for all the people to gain
admittance, a large part were forced to re
main outside. The ushers were Messrs. V.
E. Dupuis, H. E. loll, Adam Sonnier, II.
Micaud, Henry Crouchet, Ernest Broussard,
Simon Latour and Louis Arcenaux.
Marshal L. G. Stelly delivered the fol
lowing address to the Archbishop:
Monseigneur-It is with deep and joyful
emotion that I have accepted the great honor
conferred upon me by the St. Peter's church
parishioners of addressing you in their name.
The day of your coming among us, is for
all catholics a holiday, and has been waited
for with a great deal of happiness and anxie
ty. Welcome, Monseigneur, spiritual head
of this diocese, may your presence in this
parish bring us God's benedictions, stimulate
our ardor, animate our faith, increase our
endeavars, so that witn the help of our be
loved Father Laforest, we shall be able, in 1
following his good example, to overcome all
obstacles in our path to salvation.
Rev. Father Luforest, so well entitled to
our sincere regards, in whom we trust im
plicitly, like the good shepherd, has gathered
his flock, and by renovating its ardor has in
fused a newspirit.
Our parish has met with misfortunes; so
that to-day we have nothing to shelter you
but those oaks, (under which you stand) al
ways green, emblem of hope. Twice have
we built churches; the first was destroyed
by fire, the second was blownx down by a
storm. Our hope now is that, the bell, you
are about to consecrate, shall be the pledge
of a third large and beautiful church, and
its every sound will recall to us the th
names inscribed thereon: Francois, Tabicn
et Pierre.
Again, monseigneur, welcome.
Tne Archishop replied and complimented
the people on the grand success of the cele
bration.
The Archishop officiated at the benedic
tion services assisted by Rev. Fathers Butler
and Aveihe. After benediction the Arch.
bishop questioned the 385 children who had
made their first communion that day. The i
children answered all questions, and the
Archbishop was evidently much pleased.
Sunday morning a procession was formed
with the 436 children who were about to re
ceive the sacrament of confirmation. The
processton was headed by the brass band,
and was in charge of the offacers of the pre
vious day's parade. It was a success and pre
sented a pretty scene. Arriving at thechurch
they were seated in a part of, the church
provide nfor theni. Afterthe cercmomiy, at
teoonrlat uponl coniiroation, hrigh mass u as
celebrated. The services throughout being
most impressive and solemn..
A dinner was given in honor of the Arch
bishop at the residence of Father Laforest.
It was a splendid feast-a feast fit for the
Gods. The most tempteing viands and
delicious dainties were spread upon the table
During the dinner the brass band discoursed,
at short intervals, some choice selections
from their varied repertoire. At the head
of the table was the Archbishop; and seated
with him were the following visiting clergy:
Rev. Father Aveilhe, predicator of the re
treat, Very Rev. Father Butler, superior S J.
Grand Coteau, Father Langlois, St. Martins
ville, Father a Forge, Lafayette, Very Rev.
Dubourg, of Breaux Bridge, Father Moise,
of Washington, Father Healy, of Lafayette,
and Rev. F. Segouin, S. J., (they also as
sisted in the religius services), and the fol
lowing gentlemen: Mayor D. A. DI)imitry,
Drs. T. W. Courtney, J. P. Francez, W. W.
Lessly, and Messrs. C. C. Brown, L. G.
Stelly, A. C. Guilbeau, Louis J, Arcenaux,
and Joseph Prejean. When called upon,
during the feast, Dr. J. P. Frances delivered
the following toast:
Monseigneur, Reverend Fathers, Gentle
men-It is the second time, Monseigneur,
that the proud sons of Acadia,-that beauti
iful country lost to France by the weakness
and corruption of Louis XV's government
have the honor to see you among them in
Carencro, the remote corner of your diocese.
The eagerness of the people, coming to the
depot to welcome you with all possible sol
emnity, has certainly begp for you a proof
that neither time, nor change of government
from monarchy to directory, from directory
to empire, from empire to American repub
lie, had any effect on their religious princi
ples. Their Acadian fathers, with strong
hearts, ready to spurn death, or welcome
it as a favor; inaccessible to Luther's faith;
anxious to keep their religious principles
even by exiling themselves; did encounter
the perils of warfare with ferocious Indians,
and no less feroeious Englishmen of the last
century, to settle on the Attakapas prairies,
and there remain faithfuil to their religion
and their language.
The respectable old gentlemen, who sur
round you are the direct descendants of
those exiles. They can testify that when it
was impossible to go where mass was some
times celebrated by a missionary, none of
the fathers of those whom you are albout to
confirm, did ever think of changing his reli.
gious faith. They waited and prayed, full
of hope, that after that long darkness, the
eternal light would prevail. Night did dis
appear, the sun shines now in all its glory,
and in the name of the parish of St. Peter, I
must thank you, Monseigneur ; for, to take
eare of us, you have sent the good and de
voted Father Laforest. And, in raising my
glass, I hope that God will give you long
life, and that your good and noble work will
live forever.
Archbishop Janssens answered in English
complimenting the people, Father Laforest,
on the success of the celebration, and de
clared that it surpassed any reception ten-.
dered him outside of New Orleans.
After the dinner Rev. Father Moise, of
Washington, entertained the guests with se
lections on the piano, and soon convinced
his hearers that he was a true artist in every
sense of the word. The rendition of his
own composition of the nmocking bird was
simply grand, as was testified to by the ap
plause of his appreciative listeners.
It had been intended to christen the lar,,e
bell, received a few days before, but owning
to the unpropitious weather, this ceremony
halt to be postponed, much to the disap
pointmnent of the people.
The music for these two days was furnish
ed by the Carencro brass hand, comiposed of
Prof. Louis Tapissier, I'rof. Chas. Ilicihiel
helm, Hun. O. P. Guilbeau, Messrs. Saul
Broussard, T. Broussarl, l.uiloviz Guilbeau,
O len Guidry, A. Yerg. s. Simonette Breaux,
C. Breaux. These gecntlemen play exceed
ingly well, and lhad kiis.ly volunteered their
services for the occasion. The Gazette con
pliments them on their preficiency, ani trust
they will long maintain their organization as
it is an honor to the town.
In conclusion, let us say that we noticed
with much pleasure, the respect and love
that the people entertain for their pastor,
and he is worthy of their confidence. It
must have been a great pleasure to the Rev.
Father to see how well his parishioners sec
onded his efforts to give the Archbishop such
a magnificent reception, which was carried
through, in all its varied details, without a
single mishap.
Ye Old Folks' Concert.
A fair and appreciative crowd witnessed
the entertainment of "Ye Old Folks' Con
cert" in Falk's Opera House, last Monday
night. A steady rain had been falling nearly
all day, which kept a number of people away,
and had it been fair weather the hall would
have been filled, for the performance cer
tainly deserved a large attendance.
But those who did attend are profuse in
their praises of the admirable rendition of
the novel, interesting and amusing pro
gramme presented. All the arrangements
had been made with an eye to the comfort
of the audience, and was admirably carried
out.
Of the performance at can be truly said
that every part was well sustained, and it i
would, perhaps, be invidious to particularize,
but it is only a matter of justice to say that
little Miss Viola Young certainly excited
the admiration of the audience. In her part
she showed accuracy, distinct articulation,
and judicious pauses, which rendered every
word effective. She deserved the warm ap
plause she received.
Following is the programme:
Annie Laurie......................Miss Lizzie Mudd.
Butterfly Dude.......................Miss Ada Moss.
Recitation, "Elsie" ...........Miss Ida Hopkins.
Who's to Blame........Miss Villa Rushing and
Battle Hopkins.
Driven from Home............Miss Viola Young.
Mascot..............Miss Yolonde Rigues and
H. Van der Cruyssen.
Recitation "I wish I was a boy again".
Tom Hopkins.
Thou has wounded the spirit that loved thee,
Miss Clye Mudd.
Recitation, "Socrates Snooks"............ .Miss
Anna Hopkins.
Come like a beautiful dream........Miss Villa
Rushing.
Come where the billows bloom........Miss Ada
Mass, Mrs. N. P. Moss, Mrs. Biossat,
Mr. Geo. Richard.
Recitations, "How Sockery sit his old blue
hen chicken ........Miss Susie Hopkins.
Billy Boy. ................................J. J. Davidson.
Virginia Reel.......Miss Moss and Mr. lowen,
Miss Mudd and Mr. Givens, Miss
Kelly and Mr. Biossat, Miss Rushing and
Mr. Girard, Miss Parkerson &d Mr.
Richard, Miss Cornay and Mr. Judice.
The entertasnment has netted about S6s
which will be turned over to the treasurer
of the High School fund.
It has been decided to give another
performance on the zIst instance when
several changes will be made in the above
programme. This action has been taken, we
understand, because many people who in
tended coming to th's last none were pre
vcnwd~c by thu bad ivcaihcr.
SOrdway & Richard represent over $25,
ooo,ooo in the fire insurance line. See
hem.
Ladies and children haircutting at domi
cil L. P. Bagarry.
There will be a Balls at St. Julien's hall,
Broussardviile, on the Fourth of July.
Lost.
Finder of gentleman's silver watch, lost
on 31st ult., is kindly requested to leave
it at The Gazette office.
Mrs. L. T. Miller informs the people of
Lafayette that she will sell ice-cream every
Saturday at her parlor on Lincoln Avenue.
Mrs. Mallers also keeps all kinds of delicious
cakes. Orders for parties and weddings,
are s"licited. Mrs. Miller is a very deserv
ing lady and The Gazette hopes that she
will receive her share of the public patron
age.
Corn in Shucks
For sale at 25 cents per barrel.
L. LEVY & SON.
The person who furnishes items
for a newspaper is always a valua
able friend to the editor. Many I
persons hesitate about sending items
to a newspaper regarding the move
ments of friends lest the editor
should think them anxious to see
their name in print. He will think
nothing of the kind, but on the con
tray he is always glad to get such
items. Many seemingly unimpor
tant notes when printed are news to
a large number of readers.
Columbia now rules the waves.
Her magnificent new cruiser, the
New York, is the fastest warship
afloat.
A CARD.
,'The Railroad Element in Local
Politics."
Under the above caption the edi- J
tor of the Lafayette Advertiser pro- c
ceeds to commit a rape on commonh
decency. And, inasmuch as I have
served my time as a railroad fire
man, and having spent the greater h
part of my life in association with P
railroad men, I consider it a family b
right to answer that editorial of 2
May 30, 1893. I . understand the p
editor of the Advertiser and author
of this article to be Mr. A. C. Ord- "
way, and with him we are dealing. '
He says : "Until the present time
the Advertiser has refrained from
taking sides with either of the par
ties who were candidates at the last
municipal election. But the events
of the last few dlays have left no op
tion in the matter, and we believe s
it is now our duty to call the atten
tion of our people to the 'writing on
the wall,' that they may fully real
ize the menace to good government
contained in the action of some of
the defeated candidates." I
It is strange, but true, that when
ever the devil wishes to accomplish
a dastardly deed through one of his
agents, he gets that agent to lay his
foundation upon falsehood, and theer
editor of the Advertiser keeps as h
close to the record as the bark to a
tree, and we consider it our duty to
tear off the mask from this assassin b
of character, and, in as few words P
as possible, because when the editor
{of the- Advertiser wrote the above
quotation ke knewv it to be as black
a falsehood as the sulphur smoked
regions from whose vaults he re
ceived the inspiration.
A short time before the election
the editor of the Advertiser came to j
to me, and said : " I am doing all
I can for the success of your ticket, r
in fact I am doing indirectly that w
which will do you more good than I
if it wcre done directly. For ins- P
tance, I have inserted extracts J
taken from an exchange that are
complimentary to you, and I will h
continue to do so. Besides this, P
throulh my influence I have prevent
ed the formation of a third ticket
which means and would be the de
feat of your ticket." (Italic ours.)
Look well to the quotation marks. S
How does that tally with his declar
ation of neutrality ? Yes, the hand
writing is on the wall, and the index
finger points to the editor of the
Advertiser as being a liar or a hyp- E
ocrite. Which does he choose ?
Then he proceeds, (look well to Ir
the quotation marks): "The official '
returns of the election showed that o
those gentlemen who now hold theiri
commissions were elected, and the ii
defeated candidates should have
abided by the returns, and we be- -
lieve they would have done so had
they been governed by unselfish and
patriotic motives and a desire to ad
vance the best interest of the town." i
Great Scott ! " Upon what kind
of meat has our Ctesar No. a fed be
that he hath grown so strong?" e"
What twaddle about the best inter
est of our town! 1What brazen ef- b.
frontery for a man who, but a few
months ago, characterized some of
the best people of our town and par- N
ish as being a set of ignorama, be
cause they were opposed to the tax
to build a railroad to Abbeville.
But we digress. Every man on
the Mouton ticket is a property -
owner in this corporation, and
never since the Morgan road was
built to this place has a railroad
man been requested to assist in a
public enterprise that he refused.
In fact they have been the very first
to aid by private contributions every
improvement in our town, and the
feathers of this bird of passage are
too short to be permitted to charge
such people with selfish motives and
a disregard for the interest of Lafa
yette.
We claim to be a peaceable, law e
abiding citizen, and since filling the C
otice of city marshal, there has ft
been only one railroad man before o
tame Ma~yor's court, ahti he livcs in s'
- Houston. It is admitted that we
have election laws. How would the
Advertiser have them enforced, by
the courts, or by armed force?
And will the Advertiser please tell
us which of these two methods would
have the best inipression abroad?
It seems to us that the Advertiser
has placed itself in the same posi
tion as the man who stood with the
devil on one side of him and the
deep blue sea on the other.
Yes, we love peace, dear sweet
peace, next to life itself do we clasp
it to our hearts, but far above this
do we love the rights of the people
and those rights should be maintain
ed regardless of who gets hurt.
We ask leave to answer the other
portion of the Advertiser's editorial
in your next. Faithfully Yours,
CARTER H. BRADLEY.
For Sale Cheap
A young mare and mule colt at a bargain.
Apply to W. E. Bowen.
Gueble's Plantation at Pub
lic Auction I
This beautiful property will be offered for sale, in
ONE Or -TwO lots. on
Saturday, June 24, at 3 p. n.,
at the court-house in Lafayette. La.. unless sold pri
vately before. This highly improved HOME, con
taininig 450 arpents more or less with the brick resi
dence, tenant houses. etc., etc., is located a miles fros
Lafayette: the projected La. central R. R. goingover
the place. 'TIhis is the very center of the sugar
cane region. very rich land. suitable for any crop.
including Live Stock. No healthier locality any
where. Exempt from overflow. Terms: Three
thousand or more dollars casn and balance on very
easy terms, made known at the sale.
The sale will he made by c. H. Bradley, Esq.,
For any further particulars address to:
V. GUEBLE. Lake Charles. La.
Sheriff's Sale.
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA.
YErrE.
Stewart Bros a.r Co. vs. P. E. Couvill/on.
By virtue of a writs of seizure and sale is
sued from the Hfonorable Judge of the 17rh
Judicinal District Court. and for said Parish. State of
Louistana,. in the above etntitlsd and unmbered
causes. and to ne directeod. I Ihave seized and will
offer for sale, at public aution. to the last highest
blsader. at the residencest detendant,. herein mens
tioned. in the parish of Lafayetto. State of Louisiana.
on
Saturday. July 8th, 1893
between the legal sale hours. the following described
property. to-wit:
i lteen acres of land in Lafoayctte parish being
hounded north by hidicer Couvillon. south hy public
road. cast by Jcau Cuiliecau. and west byValery
Guilbeau. togother with all the buildings and itms
pruvements thcrcon; also. one stean cotton and
grist mill : also.
A plantation situated in said parish and state con
taining forty-live arponts. more or less. atd hounded
as folleos: on the north by fir. Blroussard. south by
Cleophas ltugas. east by H. E. 'l'Toll. O. H. Blreaux.
and Armand L. tuilb.eu, and on the west by Dor
vitle Broussard. together ssitls all the buildings and
improvemnents thereon situated.
Also, a sttsk tf gosods cod nerchandise. books, etc.
Teruos: cash.
ISA.AC A. IlROUSSARI),
Sheriff. Lafayette Parish.
Sheriff's Sale
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
YE'ITTE.
.4,mericzan 'Vational Bank c's. P. E. Cou
vil.'n.-.ti . 38, f
.hIarir,. z v= /oss c's. P. A. C~ouc'illon.
A. J3;7*
/. S. l1'esf s Co. vs. 1. E. .Couz'llon.
Svewart ters.. Co. vs. P. E. Concri/lo:n.
By vtrrtteof writs ofliei facia and of scisttreand
s..lic isttetl Iram the Honotable Judge of the 77th
Judici:alliDitrict Cousrt. inand for said Palrih. State
of Louisirana, in the albove entitled and nutmtertd
causes. ndl to ton directed, I Ihave seized and will
offer for sale. at public auction, to the last and
highest lsiddlrr. at the residence of detendant. herein
mentioned, in the parish of Lafayette,. State of Lou
isicnu. otn
Saturday, July 8th, 1893.
between the legal sale hours, the following discaibed
propcrty., o-w.
A lot of f1r: Goods. Groceries Hardware. etc., etc.
Tertms-Cash.
ISAAC A. BIROUSSAR D.
Sheriff. Lafayette Paish.
CONS7'ABLE SAL/.
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAVA
VE'TTrE-NO. -
JUSTICE'S COUR'T--FIRST WARD.
Joseph /ltorgan vs. Unnown and U'nclaim.d
ProIperty.
Nv virtue of a writ of fieri tacias. isstued by the
.Hon.Gi.slostton. Juctice of the Peace of the frrst
ward of the Parish of Lafayette, State of Louistsana
in the above entitled cause,. and to me dtrected. I
havre seized. now hold, and will offer for sale. at
public auction, to the last and highest bidder. itt sat
tsfaction of said writ. in front of the office of the said
Justice of the Peace. at Scott. on
Saturday, June 17, 1893,
between the legal sale hours, the following described
property, to-wit :
one mule. and one colt (filly).
Terms-cash.
D. AcCCENEAUX.
Constable tast. Ward.
Constable's Sale
STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA
YET'rE-NO. 71.
71H JUSTICE'S CoUaT.
Dolze Broussard vs. Unknowon.
By virtue of a writ of firi facias issued out of the
7th. Justice's Court, P'arish of Lafayette, State of
Loolsiana. Hon. Alex. tsleatxx judge, and to mc di
rected. I will offer for sale at public auction to the
lastand highest bidder, at theJustice's office in the
7th ward of the parish aforesaid on
Saturday. June 17, 1893,
One unknown 4-year old Beef
branded
Sale will take place between
the hours of to a. m. and 4 p. m.
Terms and Conditions--cash on the spot
EusrAca Cuoasta. Constable.
Rublic Sale 4
I. the undersigned Sheriff of the Parish of Lafa
y-ette. State of Louisiana, will offer for sale, to the
sast and higltest bidder, in frotttof the Court House
in the town of Lafayette. parish and state aforesaid on (
Saturday, June 24, 1893,
between the legal sale hours, the following described
property found on the person of Wsllie Taylor con
visted tn the State peniteniary fromn this parish, said
property is believed to have been stolen, and has
been in my possession os-er a year: said property
consisitingi of:
m Odne Ladies Waltham 6 size gold watch two dia
monds its case. Na. ef.456.
a. one open face American fill case. s8 size watch.
No. 5a5.3ta.
3. (inc gold ri-tg four pearls onearnmet.
4. One Ladies nor. gold watch, No. t55.7tg.
}. One bras chait nad to copper cent pieces.
6.Seven plated buttons.
7. One razor.
Own er can have same by proving propertyand
paying costs. IsAAC A. BoOstssAoo.
Sheriff. Lunfayette Parish.
CRYSTA LENSES
wmnam mama.
Quaitnr 115 mas Alwa.ys
J. E. TRAHAN, Druggist, has
exclusive sale of these Celebrated
Glasaes in Lafayette, La, from the
factory of Kellam & Moore, the
only complete optical plant in the
south, Atlanta, (;a.
T. M. BIOSSAT
keeps constantly on~hand a fine line of
Watches,
" Clocks,
Diamonds,
Jewelry,
Silverware.
ADt37
SMITH & WESSON,
and COLT'S
PISTOLS;
FINE LINE
POCKET KNIVES;
TABLE CUTTLERY; dO E[ TlE IT
FINE ILAMPS, Etc. FOqiALE ONLy By
Special Attention Paid to the Repairing of Fine and
Complicated Watches
IM-Orders by mail or express carefully filled.
LOCK BOX 137. T. M. BIOSSAT, Lafayette, La.
Kee
An
EYE
On
This
Space
YOU LEARN AND WILL YOU
WILL SOMETHING IT PAY f BESIDES.
Moss BROS. & Co.
Miss Louise Revillon
Solicits to
V-isit to
A FULL ASSORTMENT
OF FINE GOODS IN
THE LATEST STYLES.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON
-r -
- LLJU/W BGR
AT WHOLESALE and RETalL
OFFICE AND YARD NEAR RAILROAD DEPOT
LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumbelt Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
Blinds, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormick Harvester, Binders and Mower. Eagle plows, Walking
and Riding Cultivators, Cotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
Stalk Cutters, Ltc.
Wagons, Cisterns.
Mrs. John O. Mouton,
NEW AND SEASONABLE
MILLINERY GOODS,
SUCH AS
Hats, Peatlhcrs, Silks, Embroideries, Etc.
also, Ladies' and Childaen's hones.