-an  1 two weeks I
t ooul do m work,
. a' e I. V SBolsta-,
T .MCLoarn, Rockmast, Ga.,
vou alw been a great ant.;
ld birth. I used MoElree's
before confinement the last
the pains were much less and
iver before, mand my baby is
axsl much healthier than any of the
,o I insolent fellow refused to pay his
" "He did not say so in words, bit he
it.""How el"' s"He kicked me
air"-llgaro.
` smeser o Tee riat tes.
N orth-Western Line (Chicgo &
tora ~ r  P excurr
I tredued rates to h t.Paul,
DeHDakotaot Springs,
a,, , aa the lake end mountain re
of the west and northwest. For rates
u-= llinformation apply to Agents of con
" iL if lines. Illustrated pamphlets, glv
: u-. .ulr partieulars, will be mailed free upon
l ton to W. B.g Knisern, G. P. & T.
.- Chicago d s North-Western R'y, Chi.
H. -"Pve been watching for a chance to
kiss you for the last ten minutes." She
"You must be near-sighted.'-Life.
Why She Smiles Sweetly.
SSparkling e es, quick beating heart, and
-. .S!g rosy -blush of pleasure on the cheeks,
makes the strog .man bappy when hemeets
li lady love. That's the kind of a man
whose v touch thrills because it is full of
eergy, vigorous nmerve power and vitality.
*- Tobacco makes strong men impotent, weak
sadskinny. No-To-Bao sold by Druggists
S:- were. Guaranteed to cure. Book,
_. "Don't Tobacco Spit or Smoke Your
- Life Away," free. Ad. Sterling Remedy
Co., New York or Chicago.
Mona ConroTba. HEna.-"-Satan keeps
himself busy in this world." "Well, you
don't blame him for staying away from
home, do you l"-Life.
The Pursuit of Sappiness
When the Declaration of Independence
saerted man's right to this, it enunciated
an immortal truth. The bilious sufferer is
on the road to happiness when he begins to
take Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, the most
e aoious regulator of the liver in exis
tence. Equally reliable is it in chills and
lever, constipation, dyspepsia, rheumatism,
kidney trouble and nervousness. Use it
regularly, and not at odd intervals.
A Taovuen embodied and embrained in Ait
words walks the earth a living being.
- Whipple.
I HAVE found Piso's Cure for Consump
tion an unfailing medicine.-F. It. LoTZ,
E805 Scott St., Covington, Ky., Oct. 1, 1894.
A Indiana jury recently returned a ver
dict of "Blode to pieces by a biler busting."
Your
Health Depends
Upon pure, rich, healthy blood. T''herc
fore, see that your blood is made pure by
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The only true blood "purifier promb
.nently in the public eye to-day.
Hood's Pills act harmoniously with
Hood's Pill o's Sarsparlla 2.
!riLOOK FOR THIS
+LOCK
t BEST SCHOOL SHOE"
SCHOOL +?
r HOE o
tsI 73--81.25 11 to 1t33-$1.75
8 to 10-1.50 1 to 3 - 2.00
IF YOU OAIN'T OET THEM FROM YOUR
E DEALER WRITE TO
HAMILTON-BROWN SHOE CO.,
aesE. wraor.
The Greatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
0OHALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(boththunder humor.) Hehasnowin his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
SWhen the lungs are affected it causes
Ishooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
'ow This Is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggi ts.
*. ASK YOUR DRUGOIST FOR
a*...-T HE BEST *
1;I'0RNG fOTHERS.INFANTS,
ILDREN
IMPROVNq ' ROAT&'
arms tae Wlr et e ar B3lgawsrs Can Bes
Badle Igere Wasable.
Road improvement in this oountr. is
passing from the theocetical to the
practicaL But the transition is a long
one. We have very few really good
roads, although the issue' has been
kept before us in the form of road tax
ation almost from the beginning of
the republic. The dreams of optimists
that our earth roads were soon to be
succeeded by something better, and
finally by the application of elec
tricity, are already of several years'
standing. WVe feel quite sure that it
will be many years yet to come before
the majority of rural dwellers cease to
travel on earth roads. If this is the
case, there is good reason, under pres
ent legislation and conditions, to con
sider the possibilities of such a road.
Without unreasonable expense the
commnon roads can be made much more
passable for ordinary traffic. Nearly
every township in this section has a
road machine, and thereby the main
tenance of an earth road is made more
practicable. These machines are built
of iron and steel, can resist rough
usage and the weather, and cost about
$200. In order of importance I would
place maintenance first and reconstruc
tion second.
As soon as the roads are fairly dried
In the spring, the machine should be
passed over them to repair the dam
ages of the winter. Avoid incom
petence here. Do not hitch more than
four horses to the machine, which will
prevent the unthinking operator from
sinkink the blade too deepyv into the
grade and thereby bungling the job.
Let the blade touch rather lightly and
pass along oftener. This is the only
way that any except a very skilled
operator can smooth the grade up
nicely. I have seen grading done by
all kinds of persons, but rarely have I
seen a neat job done by one who
thrusts the machine in at full capacity.
A few days of such smoothing will
transform the roads of an entire town
ship. Holes will be filled, grades
rounded, and the road fitted for that
most luxurious driving-summer travel
on an earth road-a road as much dif
ferent from one not treated as happi
ness is different from misery.
After the grade is smoothed, the side
ditches should be examined. There
should be a suitable outlet to the ditch
wherever the water collects.. It looks
incongruous at this season to see little
canals of standing water beside the
road. If this must be, why have a
ditch at all? The road machine, if
properly manipulated, can be put to
good service in opening these ditches.
C7ulverts should be wide enough to
prevent elogging by debris and sod
growths.
In building a road that is to be earth
from surface to foundation, it Is spe
gially desirable to do the work early in
the year, so that the earth will bccome,
us compact as possible before winter.
Of all the farces in road-building that
have come under my notice, the most
ludicrous is that of improving a stretch
of earth road just before winter. In
evitably the place so treated becomes
a terror to every teamster whenever
there is a thaw.
The ability to throw up the highest
grade is a false virtue in this kind of
road-building. high grades mean
much of the subsoil on the surface.
Ordinary subsoil is the poorest mate
rial for a road service in wet weather.
The surface soil is much better. The
best earth road I ever saw is carcare
ous clay which has never been touched
by a scraper or plow. It is flat from
fence to fence, but t does not become
soft. Were the subsoil dug up from
the sides and placed in the track, mak
ing a grade, the road would be spoiled.
As a rule, only the surface soil from
the side ditches should be used for
grading. This contains more humus
and will not be as impervious to water
as the subsoil is. In case the side
ditches are not deep enough, the sub
soil should be thrown outside alto
gether. It is necessary to have good
drainage, but ordinarily the side ditch
es will furnish this. The sides should
slope sufficiently to allow grass to
grow upon them, which will prevent
washing of the grade.
A cheap substitute for the road ma
chine is the "'road hone." This is made
by attaching a tongue and whiffletrees
to an oak plank, which is edged with a
strip of steel. The plank should 1)e one
foot wide, eight feet long and two
inches thick. The pole should have a
hinged joint to allow a change of an
gle, which will pass the earth to one
side as desired. If used extensively,
provide a seat for the driver and use
three horss. This tool will soon pay
for itself in the betterment of the track
surface. It will not answerso well for
grading. There are certain soils that
can never be made into good roads,
Imut scarcely any will not forma
better road if the surface is kept
smooth, the water drained off and the
best ear'.h selected for the track. At
any rate, no road is so hopeless that
the holes cannot be filled when tlhe
weather is dry.-Robert L. Dean, in
Country G(ientleman.
Age at hlich to Plant Trwees.
The age at which trees should be
Mbought must be governed by circum
stances and by variety. There is a
general tendency to buy trees too old
rather than too young. When vari
eties are new and scarce, it may be
economy to buy young stock. Some of
the freer-growing apples and pears are
large enough when two years old if
grown from buds; but these fruits are
usually set at three years fromn the
bud or graft. Dwarf pears may be set
at two or three years, preferably, I
think, the former age. Quinces are
set at two and three years. Peaches
are always set at one year from the
bud.-Prof. L. H. Bailey, in Bulle
tin 69.
The Value of Clean Mllklng.
The value of clean milking is shown
by the experiment below. Five cows
were milked four weeks by two per
sons, each milker serving two weeks,
both being competent, one doing his
average milking and not aware of a
test, the other knowing of it and or
dered to milk the cows thoroughly dry.
In the case of the man unaware of the
test, the yield from five cows for two
weeks was 868 pounds; the other man,
knowing of the test, got 1,131 pounds
of milk or an excess of 267 pounds.
Farm and Home.
Usa well-bred eattle, the best are
none too good; it takes good cattle to
make good beef or butter and there is
.o money in any but the best grade of
j',oduct. Mediocrity is the sheoal on
irch mQst men *traa4
mesA t. kiw a5ed iseldat al SO &
Latin name tipa SpaetUi Btesia
stout, ereot, nmooth, more Or lest t
bunched, one and oslelhalf to three
feet high, tfrob tough perennial toots;
leaves more of less invollte, thick and b
bhard, rough on the margins, usually a b
foot or tWr long, root leaves numer- b
oUs, and longs panicle about six listhes Ii
long, eontrautedi spikelets ba inch of d
more long, borne at the end of the a
slender branches of the panicle; empty ti
g~lumes lsnceolate, with long arm-like k
pIoint~, one to one and one-half ibitihes it
in lentlh, the upper one longest; a
flowering glanie eleiy hatrd and sharl d
pointed at maturity, thidkly hairy
above the point; awn arough, stiff, four I
to six inches long, twisted and bent. e
A bulletin of the South Dakota en- v
periment station says: "This grass is I
found throughout the state, biit is 0
mnost common in the eastern .part. It
Is largely replaced in the western part i
of the state. by needle grass (stipit 'o~et d
ata), which may be distinguished fionu I
either porcuplinegrass Or feather biinch t
grass by its shorter leaves and loose, t
open panicle; the lower part of which 1
is more or less included in the tipper= t
most sheath. Both porcupine grass and
needle grass give good yields of hay of t
a fair quality. As the spear-like fruits 1
of these grasses sometimes injure (
stock, they should not be cut until i
after the fruits have fallen, t'i ch t
usually occur,'s in tiide for haymaking. i
When these grasses occur iti pastures i
or ranges in sufficient quantities to be I
dangerous, they should be kept from t
1 1
1
r I1 - I!
f PORCUPIXE GRASS.
° going to seed by close grazing or by
mowing. Late burning will be found
° useful in keeping them down, and a] so
in keeping many early growing weeds
In check. Specimens analyzed were
cut at Brookings on the 30th of June,
IS91. Dried in the air they gave:
Water. 9.93; ash, 5.43; ether extract,
2:34; crude fiber, 31.02; crude protein,
7.57; nitrogen free extract, 42.81; total
nitrogen. 1.21; albuminoid nitrogen,
].01.-Farmer's Review.
VIENNA KOHL-RABI.
r A Vegetable Vhlich is Not Seen Often
Enonub In o)ur Gardens.
t Once more I wish to mention a vege
f table that is too seldom seen in our
a American gardens, and yet deserving of
s a place in all-kohl-rabi. There are few
persons who have any taste whatever
for turnip, who would not like and pre
e fer the more refined flavor of a well
grown kohl-rabi. It succeeds well in
d the early part of the season, and can
WIHITE VIRENA KOHL-R BI.
be had in prune condition during mid
e suinler, or at a time when the atmos
Spheric conditions are most unfavora
a ble to the development of best quali
C ties in turnips. It must be grown
o quickly, in good soil, and used while
a young and tender. A good specimen
Sof the \hite Vienna, as we grow it at
e \boodbanks, is shown in in the accompa
(, nying, picture. We prefer this variety
e (or Improved Imperial) to the later and
IJ rger "large white," with its com
k paraltively much larger leaves and
Sthicker leaf stalks. A cm mmon paper
lt of see, will be more than enough for
a repeated sewings, and to supply an av
a erage family with kohl-rabiduring the
-n ntire season. Sow thinly in drills, a
te foot apart, as you would sow turnips.
¾t Thin to three or four inches apart, and
Pt keep free from weeds, and soil well
,e stirred about the plants If you hap
in pen to have nitrate of soda (some gar
denerslike ourselves are never with
out it), scatter a little of it, say a
pound or two to the square rod,
te broadcast over the ground when the
- plants are still small. The application
a will help kohl-rabi as well as it does
Scatbbages--American Gardening.
e f Fertllseors for woed Cropw.
The large amount of labor required
e in cultivating hoed crops naks a it all
the more important that they should
re be pushed forward as rapidly as possi
te kle, and also in ways that will not les
etsen the moisture in the soil. For this
Sreason the concentrated fertilizers
re constaining available nitrogen are pref
s erable to stable manure. There is al
e ways in coarse manure a great amount
e- of vegetable matter which will only
rot when the soil is wet Under the
furrow this manure holds up the soil,
-n creating air spaces which dry out both
s the manure and soil so that the manurel
r- will not rot. The commercial fertilizer
i, furnishes nitrogen without making
is the soil dryer. This often means with
a ya hoe cropr the difference between
r- failure and success.
f The One Thing upteed~ea.
ro There is but one way to get anything
o worth having, and that is the right
rs way, and until the people are willing
,to adopt some plan whereby the whole
length of a road can be worked in har
mony with the laws of nature as ap
re plied to proper drainage and moving
to loads we shall be obliged to wallow
is through mud and sand, thile e ipend
m ing money enough each year to have
n our ways in a great 4gal better copA.
WOMAN AND IHOM&
PANbV TABLE LINEN&
gierry Artiici itNded Ii es da Werik ut of
ASt itowadard.
A woman dues not realize what fied- d,
bation there is in fancy work until she n,
begins to make it. The particular of
branch of it ui.alitded l eiitilufi ia. lledil I
linproved iiitil eierylittle article ned;,
dd Ili the hbme.inay tIledine a wdr4t i of
art. Not only dolies, tray cloths; dei- i
ter-piercs, etc.i but tablecloths and iap- p
kins are among the things that are L
beautified bgi needlework; But this g
article will relate oni# td fatifcy Work
of the- doily type:
Embroidery is the proper thing now
for such articles. The designs are fow
ers, fruit, vines, Icaves; or; if quite ad
vanced hi the ati; classic desiguis. But
the simpler ideas fre more practical foil
our purpose.
The woman li the country ias a great
idvanta ge bver her city sister in the way
Of gettit beautiful aiid at the sai d
time natural patterns froni which to
work. And with a pattern from wihich
to draw, she may make designs on the
linen which will be more satisfactory
than thode jiuilastsed r'ead) 5itampei(d
As to the kind of linen td iiset foi a
piece that is tO be hemstitched get
butcher's linhen. For center-pieces and
doiles satin damask is best: The linen
may be purcdhased by the yaiiid. After
tnaking the articles the size Waibted; al
lowing for the lieinstitch, it is ready for
the design. ile the picture of the
flower, leaf, or whatever it is desired to
draw; then place a sheet of transfer
paper on the linena lay the patten I
bver that, asid With a pencil or crochet c
hook trace around pattern. tpon lift- t
ing the paper from linen the design will
be there, clearly stamped ti delicate c
lines, ready for the needle. An ingeni- 3
ous woman will evolve many original t
designs from her patterns by using i
then IC eonmbinatirun.
The latest idea for square pieces is to
buttonhole stitch the goods about one c
inch from the edge all the way around,
and then to fringe out the edge to the
stitching. A pretty centerpiece of that I
style is shoQn in cut; Other pieces are
bultonhole stitched arotitrid a scnlloped
edge: A pretty idea for shaking small 1
' IIýli itiM A Alii
A FRINGED CENTER-PIECE.
dollies is to make a large leaf or flow-.
er, a pansy, for instance, and draw the
pattern on linen. Then buttonhole
stitch around the edges, and cut out
close to stitchingr. This leaves a per
fect pansy shape, stitched in pansy col
ors, and a doily large enough for pep
per and salt cellars. A lovely one seen
recently was an oak leaf worked in the
shades of an autumn leaf. One-fourth
yard of satin damask (cost twenty-five
cents) will make four of these.
A hemstitched lunch cloth with pink
roses embroidered around inside of
stitching is very dainty. A large hem
stitched tray cloth had marguerites
embroidered in opposite corners which
looked almost as natural as their living
sisters.
There is no check to the imagination
in doing this dainty fancy work, but
the variety now shown by the large
stores would almost lead one to think
that there was nothing left to be
thought of.-Prairie Farmer.
STOMACHER FOR BABIES.
Cholera Infataunm Said to iie Unknown
Where Its Used.
An article highly recommended by
mothers and physicians is the knitted
band or stomacher, which takes the
place of the old-time flannel band, now
a thing of the past. Made of Saxonv
yarn, it is light, warm and elastic, and
SIt has been claimed that cholera in
fantum is unknown where the knitted
Sband is used.
The construction is quite simple. An
idea of the shape may be formed from
the accompanying drawing. The tabs,
back and front, are pinned to the cloth
Sing with safety pins, and the band is
kept in place. Cast on sixty stitches
e and knit a strip fi ribbed stitch, join
ing the ends, when the strip is large
Senough, and. knitting the tabs on after
ward. The first bands are quite small,
but larger ones can be made as the
child increases in size. They can and
I have been worn up to two years of age.
S-A. Olivia Longacre WVertman, in
d Home Queen.
A lIlanty Jorklih DIessert.
a If you would some day like to try a
5 Turkish dessert, you will find the fol
- lowing dainty and nutritious: Hieat a
- pint of milk in a double boiler, moisten
t three tablespoonfuls of rice flour with a
y little milk or cold water, and use to
a thicken the milk. Add four tablespoon
, fuls of granulated sugar, cook until a
a smooth, thick paste, then flavor with a
e teaspoonfulof rosewater and two table
r spoonfuls ochopped nuts. Usealmonds,
g English wainuts, or the two nuts mixed.
h Pour on a flat dish and sprinkle with
n whole almonds. If you wish to be very
truly Turkish, cut the almonds on top
in crescent shape.
S An Old Custom Dying Oat.
t The custom of writing "Present,'
g "Addressed," "Kindness of" and "FFart
* 7ored by" on letters sent by private
Smessenger is said to be going rapidly
Sout of fashion. The name of the per
g son, the street and number are all that
v is now usually written.
IMaTwrxo is one of the most satisfac
tory coverings for the floor, especially
i n summer. Get . fair quality IWd 4l
will sta_.. mucah servlg.
A a-aNsh Ai"" 2"r W . r tuaf -g Si s
is thi Wreoasdl
Fhiks uailiit ail teh t ' as fepdtieses
empress was made by a native iiftiet
who loses every idea of grace when he
deals with European costume. It is
not much to be wondered at in the case
of this fair sovereign, whose foreign
koitheli are of the ugliest fashion oS
eeveiteej years ago. What Ignorant
and Vulgar peLrson fiiifishee these gaml
inents it wottld be lnteresting to know.
Probably thes ifisslabld eostinmes of
London dressinalkets, costines put tdo
gether in the late seventies, are ian
is
it is it to so pol the really'
THE EMPRESS OF JAPAN.
loaded upon trusting oriental palacs e
oflucialit byt sOJilO ingenious introducef d
It is at pity* to so spoil the really n
charming personality of the empress, d
who used to be bewitching in the pret* t
ty clothes of her o-n land. This draw. *
ing represents the sovereign and hert
ladies engaged in preparing lint for the d
Jttpanese wounded-a most womanly
occupatio.__,
ABOUT BAD TEMPER, f
Very Ofton It Is Accompanied by stMan
Sterling Qalltle. Ii
It may sound paradoxical to say so,
but it is trdt.d that .the best people
sometimes have the wrist temtpel'. In a
the same wny, saints are often those
who have overcome the most sin. Per
sons who feel deeply, whose sensibil
ities are keen and strong, rarely find it
easy to maintain a uniform placid ex
terior, nnd the struggle between their
passions andt their calmer wisdom L"
often a terride one. There are o.h-r 1
who ne-er seem to be troubled-who
are amiable with an amiability that
it seems impossible to ruitle-who
never show any signs of irritation, but
are always equable and cheerful. Such
persons are doubtless much to be ad,
mired, but their society becomes in
time not only exceedingly monotonous,
but even exceedingly aggravating. TryI
as we will, we cannot get them to show
fire. They are devoid of enthusiasm, a I
e they are incapable of anger. Noth.
s ing disturbs that serene stillness,
t which is certainly not the still
ness of death. A hearty quarrel
is an impossibility. Whatever we
may do or say, they never get cross
1 with us, or call us objectionable names,
e Ail this is undeniably irritating. It 1i
i quite refreshing to pass from the com
a pany of one of these to a warm, full'
blooded individual of susceptible pasa
c sions. It is a treat to feel that the hand
f which grasps ours could, if need be,
strike hard. It may sound very pagan
s ish to say so, but we do love a little
i spice of human nature. Sturdy truth
3 and faithfulness generally lie behind
come capability of honest anger. We
1 %cnow that those friends who often
t r-enm most cross and irritable are really
e or stanchest and most reliable. Not
It trtnt bad temper in itself can ever'be
e an admirable thing, but that it is often
accompanied by very sterling qualities.
It generally coexists with strength of
charaneter and independence of spirit.
a Mean and treacherous persons are fre
quently amiable; butter will not melt
in their mouths, nor at their hearts.
r1 Household Vord s.
DRIVING AWAY FLIES.
v On of Lavender I. Far More Servleeable
d Than Screens.
"I never use window screens," said a
wise housekeeper the other day, "be
cause I have a fancy that they shut out
all the air in hot weather, and besides,
they serve to keep the flies in the house
equally as well as to keep them out."
"aidt I never see a fly in your house,"
said her friend. "How do you manage
it? For my part, I must confess that,
screens or no screens, my summer
means one long battle with the little
pests."
"'My remedy is a very simple one,"
said the good housekeeper, "and I
learned it years ago from my grand.
mother, when I used to watch her put
ting bunches of lavender flowers around
to keep the flies away. Iy method is
' simpler. I buy five cents' werth of oil
a of lavender at the drugstore and mix it
with the same quantity of water. Then
n I put it in a common glass atomizer
a and spray it around the rooms wherever
s flies are apt to congregate, especially in
t' the dining room, where I sprinkle it
is plentifully over the table linen. The
a odor is especially disagreeable to flies,
* and they will never venture in its
e neighborhood, though to most people it
r- has a peculiarly fresh and grateful
1, smell."
IC "I shall certainly give it a trial," said
id the other woman.-Philadelphia Press.
Lu Mountain Goats Are Stopld.
Although the mountain goat is a very
sure-footed and level-headed animal,
hie is said by those who have hunted
a him (of whom I confess I am not one)
dl to be a very stupid animal and easily
a killed when once the hunter reaches
u his haunts. In actual weight he is
a about the size of the Virginia deer, but
to in bulk he seems to be larger because
n- of his shaggy fleece of wool and hair.
a The horns are small. smooth and jet
a black, and the hoof is a strange com
e bination of rubber pad on the inside
is, and knife-edge on the outside, to hold
d. the owner on snow, ice, or bare rock
th without slipping.--W. T. Hornaday, in
rF St. Nicholas.
S war up.
Catterson--WVhen you were first mire
ried, did your wife know all about
, housework?
' Natterson-Yes, indeed, old man.
te Why, she taught me all I know.-8t
ly Louis Republic.
No teuslona for Alarm
at Cumso-W-hat do you think of the
coming woman?
ic- Cawker-She is not worrying me. If
iy she wvaits to button her gloves she will
4 not arrnIl in yoaT ifretime or untua.,
Judge,
'au Lstia ra o w A e U. Uh r G841
R9Y! APowder
Aisa*WUV PURE
It yoa try to find out whats women dey do
pr don'do tinge for, you're orse of your
blse dan before. beel De best way is t'
take 'ittl 115 7011 find 'en, and try notto go
-erazy teikint 'bout it. Pat's rnp t--tl -
Mts. JACso-L"Do you call this f'.V o
bakel V, it's as hard as stone." Cook
"Yes, mum, that'h the way a sponge is be
.oro it is wet. Soak it inyouttea."-Tuth.
TO USE THE KNIFE
Lad Sad it to a atinful Operation-This
the oeoettfl Advised as the Only Hope,
the Case eaing a Critieal One-The Hap
p7 Termination of a Deepp-!toted FreJa
dicE.
Me., Ancolns Nelson, of Hartville, Mo..
had an interestaln experience with the doe
tore recently and was on the vere oi ao
painful surgical operation. Ile dmreent -f
hereby add mm unqualified enorsement F
your excellent remedy. S. S. . For si
years I have been a sufferer from a scrou
lS affllection of the glands of my neck, and
all efforts of physicians in Washington
D. C., Springfield, Ill., and St. Louls failed
to reduce the enlargement. After six
months' constant treatment here my physi
cian urged me to submit to a removal of the
gland. At this critical moment a friend
recommended 1c. 8., and layin aside ,
dee-ooted prejudice against allt patent
medicines I began its use. Before I had
used one bottle the enlargement began to
disappear, and now it is entirely gone, and
I am almost cured. I am not through with
my second bottle yet. Hlad I only used your
S. S. 8. years ago, I could have escaped
years of misery and saved over 'n10. If
this endorsement will serve you in any way,
use it."
This experience Is like that of all who
suffer with deep-seated blood troubles. The
doctors can do no good, and even tncir re
sorts to the knife prove either fruitless or
fatal. 8. S. a. is the only real blood rem
edy. It gets at the root of the disease, and
forces it out permanently.
bULess a man is first rich on the inside,
no amount of money can give him wealth.
tam's Horn.
gore Eyes Cared.
Jackson's Indian Eye Salve never falls to
do this; 21e at all drug stores.
IF the balloon sleeve is to be a part of the
snrf costtllle this summer thle ocean will
have to be enlargeod.-Nashville American.
Hall's Catarrh Cure
Is a Constitutional Cure. Prioe 750.
Dr. PIERCE'S
Golden fledical
DISCOVERY
Cures Nincty-eight per cent. of all
cases of Consumptlon, In all Its
Earlier Stages.
Although by many believed to be incura
ble. there is the evidence of hundreds of
living witnesses to the fact that, in all its
earlier stages, consumption is a curable
disease. Not every case, but a lar e per
cenlage of cases, and we believe, fully pS
peer cent. are cured by Dr. Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery, even after the disease
has progrensed so far as to induce repeated
bleedings from the lungs, severe lingering
cough with copious expectoration (includ
ing tubercular matter), great loss of flesh
end extreme emaciation and weakness.
"Wash us with Pearline
" That's all we ask. Save us from that dreadful rubbing
It's wearing uA out!
" We want Pearline-the original washing-compound
the one that has proved that it can't hurt us-Pearline!
Don't experiment on us with imitations! We'd rather be
rubbed to pieces than eaten up." ,*
Love
Lightens
Labor
. so does
CLAIRETTE
SOAP.
This great cleaner comes to woman's aid
on wash-day and every day. Makes her
work a matter of love instead of drudg
ery. Try it. Sold everywhere.
Made only by
- The N. K. Fairbank
Company,
* st. Ioele ,
The One Crop System
of farming gradually exhausts the lane, unless a Fertilizer containing a
high percentage of Potash is used. Better crops, a better soil, and a
0 larger bank account can only then be expected.
Write for our " Farmers' Guide," a 142-page illustrated book. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address,
GERMAN KALI WORKS, 93 Nassau Street, New York.
Is s- UNEQOILED RElEDI Sr
DYSENTERY, Warrhsa, CHOLERA Infantum,
! and al Summer Bowel Troubles.
DOCORS ARID PATIfIdTS AhI3Ia PRAISU II.
W. ADKINSs of TAxaSTO? ALA.. says I nm DhVNOAW BLr.ACEIRT
in y pratoue, with very satisfatory resuiti."
WEaR XANwALOTVaUzG 0o.. prerstors. * NASZVXLZ.a. Taxx.
a -. -
The Tr"s La tite  rsalc-.
Of the plants used in mon ie iauaing ae.
pleasant remedy Sy~ W rup of ig ba o pen
znsneUvy beneficial e ffecth n
teom, while the cheap veetable extrs·at a
Ainera sdlnuttions, usualysoldr 8 medIines
sne pemanently injurious. Being iellin.
fmed, you will use tho true remedy amly
Mieaeitured by California. Fig e yrup o .
Taun Uvaazfsnua ?AcT.-He--"A-rctie
explorers are the safest men in the world to
trust yourself to." h-"Why sol'. He
-(with a halt-haw)--"Theyare always cool
in the time of greatest dager.:--Detroit
Free Press.
GLtxt's Sulphur Soap is a genuino riem
ed for S nkin Diseases.
Uill's Hair and Whisker Dye, ro cents.
E From early Cbill
ECZhod unto i Ia as
grown my family
Sspent a fortune
trying to cure ma
of this disease. I viLited Hot Springs
and was treated by the best medical
men, but was not benefited. When
alitthin es hadU SM failed I Sde
termined to 1I try S.S..
and in four L | fo monthsawas
entirely cure. The terrib. eczema
rwas gone, not a sign of it left. My
general health built up, and I have
never had any return of the disease.
recommned
ed ".. and
have neverCHIE "
Yet kaowa a failure to eare.
GEO. W. IRWI. Irwin, Pa
een whfrten all other
remldies have. Our
trentl4O on blood and
skin diseases mailed
free to any address.
5WIESPECWI1C Co. Atlanta. Ga.
BETT iN TILE UOPlLAT.
cakes for general
PASTE .f' blacking of a stove.
TIlE. SUN PASTS
POLh: H for a quids
rSrCS LAOR^ after- cnoer shine,
lC N npp'licd rJ loIot
ished with . clotl.
tnrt5o ]rs.. Props.. Vanton. DI ss.. U.S.A.
DEAN'S BEST .avs Half the Blue
SBEST And All the Trouble/
(; iV\'
STICK BLUE! .h.t.......ns: 5C
lo 3Oii clothles:
SaEWINGMACHINES N'edles and Attae
_ _ _ _ nt,. Prn.l for ra
Slotue. A.. . JlWUE---. Memplals.Teaa
in tiume. Sold dr59l-ts
I .N. K., ' 1559
SWh1EN WhITING 0TO AtDVERTICstsB PLEIS3
state that rea saw the Advetlsrtseen in tale
MJIsr