AAYETTE GAZETTE
°'' a hw T LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, JANUARY 5, 189 NUBER .
;Oneral
*rchandise.
li.west Prices Cnsistent With
Quality of Goods.
uLs f Avires.e. LAPAYETTE, LA,
C. A. VOORHIES,
ADDRESSs
DlerMby ad Esaplaade Sts. New Oricans, Le
Represets ..--
WM. H. LEE & CO.,
WHOLESALE
LIQUORS,
753 and 7is Lucas Avenue,
ST. LOUIS, MO.
W. - BERNARD,
Barber Shop,
Domengeaux Building,
Near Southern Pacific Depot.
CHAS. D. CAFFERY,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
Office eo Madison St., .AFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.A.ttorzneyl s .t i.Kz'iv,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
FEEDStable.
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
Ilrst-olass rigs at reasonable pri.e.
Carefal drivers furnished when required
LAFYETTE, LA.
Jan 1?.
C. DEBAILLON,
LASV X7ER.
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes. and the eu
prome and Federal Courts at Opelousas
snd New Orleans.
LAFA W IIeFTE, A.s
RAILROAD BARBER SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot
THE "OLD RIELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
MT.- CAMEL CO1 VT
.APAYETTB. LA.
The system of education inoludee the
nch and English languages, Mus;e
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comt-nrt of those placed under the
ease of the Sisters.
Sor terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT anl SUPPLY SHOP.
Mear rlask Bnildlag.
FRED. IIOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with waosh
done. All work promptly attended to
Eatisfaction guaranteed.
H.. C. SALLES,
DENTIST,
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - LA
E. O. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
La..ayt.. La.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
SA practitioner in the State 9s years,
and in Lafayette Parish 11 years, calla
attention to his new and sucoosasful treat
eent of thboe respiratory organs. Mledi
gal inhalations combined with consti
tational treatment affording a cure lia
Consumption, in the first and second
period if they follow coactly theo treab
gmret and relief in the third period.
Deatfness and shronto diseases in gem
erel a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAUs
Notary Publio
-AND*
SJustice of the Peace.
s, t 1 .sd .proumpt attention given t
SM ee1oh of klcs teoun ts, notes o
" ;tntt O esnd pureaase of lands ab
1-19
Jl MOUTFON,
,,-.75 . ,+,
A WEDDING TOMBSTONE.
BY CLAIICE I. TL"oHAN.
O you never heard
tell of Melindy Bar
hour's weddin'
tombstone?" said
grandma, in a tone
of surprise. "For
the land's sake, I
thought everybody
knew about that."
I confessed the
most abject ignorance and immediately
drew up to the fire. This was partly to
gain information and partly because,
although the fireplace was wide and
deep-throated and big logs were blazing
in it, there were biting draughts of
stinging air coming in at the loosely-fit
ting door. For grandmother would not
be persuaded to leave thehome that had
been hers for 50 years, and which now
showed some signs of decay. She sat
knitting vigorously by the flrelight,
for, although she had all the modern:
conveniences of heating and lighting,
her big fireplace cast its ruddy glow
out into the room through all the long
winter evenings. I was an angular
schoolgirl of 15 then, with a great love
of the romantic, and was on a four
weeks' visit at the old homestead. It
seemed never to occur to grandma that,
having been-raised in a different pnrt of
the country, the happenings at Ragged
Corner (where she lived) would nat
urally be unknown to me. She always
expressed fresh surprise at my ig
norance on- these subjects. After knit
ting a few minutes in silence, she be
gan:
"You've seen the old stone house down
on the bank of the river, all shut in with
pines and evergreens? It's nigh a hun
dred years old. When I was born it had
been built ten years. lVhen I was a
young married woman the Barbours
came to live there, and they were proud,
ligh-feelin' people that nobody could
get acquainted with. That's what made
am take it so dretful hard when-but
here I am, way head of my story. You
Pee, Mr. Barbour, -'bezzled or did some
thing of that kitL., and went to prison.
"Then -his wife and little boy shut
themnwlves up in the stone house and
never went outside the gate hardly.
She's had a good deal of schoolin', his
mother had, and she taught him her
self as long as she could, and then he
bought books and studied by himself.
lHe tried going to school when he was a
small boy, but one of the scholars
threw it at him about his father, and
Nortimer nearly killed him, and after
that his mother kep' him home. Antd she
w'as such a proud woma.n, was Mis' Bar
bour, and lofty and severe in her ways.
She wouldn't let nobody sympathize
with her, which everybody wanted to,
as there's so little going on in a place
like Ragged Corner. Mis' Barbour was
real selfish with her grief, so she got her=
self disliked, besides folks bein' sus
picious after the way her husband
turned out. What did they live on?
)Oh, the boy faranud it, and later they do
say he wrote books on what they called
natural history, though to my mind it
was the most unnatural stuff I ever
heard tell of-all about beetles and bugs
with 300 muscles in their heads, and as
could carry 1,200 times their own weight
on their own backs, which everybody
knows he must have got up as he went
along. They were dretfully taken up
with each other, he and his mother,
and she believed everything he said was
Io, even about the bugs and beetles.
But she was his own born mother, and
I hat explains it.
"WVhen she died, Mortimer liked to
went crazy. He planted her grave with
vi'lets and pansies, and at the head was
a white marble monument he had gone
to the city for-nothing nearer would
suit him. But he didn't display no taste.
Nothing on it, my dear, but the old
lady's name and the date she died-not
I ~
"I'VE GOT 0OMETHING TO TELL YOU."
an angel, nor a cherub, or a lamb, or a
broken rosebud, nor a bit of verse. And
yet he always seemed to set store by
her.
"Now, he was the last man in the vil
lage I'd ever said would got married
3ut as sure as you set tlbre, when the
little milliner, Melinda McAllister.
came into the place he was struck.
That wasn't nothing strange-all the
young fellows was-but, mind you, she
was struck, too. No, you wouldn't 'a'
thought it. Everylbdly warned her,
and told her about his father's hangin'
himself in prison, and how queer his
mother was, and that Mortimer was as
odd as Dick's hat band and wouldn't
come to no good. She listened, with her
eyes big and cool and a little hot patch
of red on her cheeks like a daub of paint,
but she never said a word. That was
Melindy McAllister all over, never to
say a blessed word, but go and do just
as she saw fit. First we knew they was
engaged, and it was given out in meet
ing. Next day her aunt she lived with
came in to see me and wrung her hands,
sayin' she wouldn't be surprised if iLe
lindy was murdered before the year
was out. What ca-n you think of a ma'
who lives Uke a hermit and had a
crooked father and a peculiarmothlter'?
_, e w --' jpr. -" . *
worst. A day or two before the w4,-a
ding in comes old Mis' .Johnsen and
says: 'Shut up the doors tight,' s.ya
she, 'and the winders. I've got someu
thing to tell you that'll make your hair
rise up,' she says, whisperin'-like. So
I shut the door, she a-worklt' her hands
together like one possessed. 'It's about
Melindy,' she went on. 'He's been and
got a tombstone for her.' 'Who?' asked
I, as if I didn't know, but my knees
knocked. together and I felt a bit sick
'Mortimer Barbour,' says she. 'My
grandson, Johnnie, was after a bird's
nest In a tree over in his yard. The limb
broke, and down he went right onto the
roof of the old cornhouse, that hasn't
been used for years. It went in under
him like tinder, and as soon as he could
pick himself up and found no bones,
broke, what should he see but a new
white gravestone a-settin' up quite pert
in a corner against some rubbish. He
went up to it, and he says as true as the
Bible he saw "Melinda Barbour" cut on
it, and the date she is a-goin' to die.' 'I
don't believe it,' says I, but I was all
a-faint, and had to gonad make us each
a cup of tea, so we could bear up un.
der it.
"As soon as I said I didn't believe it
Mis' Johnson said we'd go ourselves
and see. And we did go, Mortimer be
in" away in the fields, and got into the
cornhouse. It was towards dark, and
we shook with the cold, though it was
a warmn day in June. We'd brought a
bit of candle with us, and IMis' Johnsopi
iI
MORTIMER CAME I£N'O TIJE ROOst.
lit it,' and then we saw-land sates,
child, how scairt you look; don't get so
near the fire, honey, you'll be all ablaze.
Where was 1? Oh, we saw the stone,
just as Johnnie said, a real gravestone
of white marble, and on it the name
'Melindy Barbour,' with the date 'Sept.
5, 18-,' below it. Imut the rest we
couldn't make out. 'lHe's going to let
her live three months, may Heaven for
give him,' says old Mis' Johnson.
meanin' different from what she said.
"The next day I went to Melindy, and
told her the whole truth. And would
you believe it, she said she thought
Mis' Johnson and I had no business
prying about other people's affairs?
'If he had bought me a thousand grave
stones I'd have him just the same,' says
she. So they were married the next
clay in the meeting house, but Melindy
was white as a ghost, and she trem
bled so she could hardly walk. They
went right away on the cars, and we
threw some old shoes after 'em, but all
the wishin' of joy was make believe,
and I never saw a bride with such a
white, set face, never looking at her
husband nor yet at us.
"They was away nearly three months;
then they came back to the old house.
But folks said they wasn't happy, that
she was as cold as a stone, and he was
always at his books and old insects.
One day 1 got a letter askin' me to come
and see her. She was lyin' down on a
lounge when I got there, white and so
thin, with big eyes with a sorry, hungry
look in 'em. But she had on a smart
gowt, and was as pretty as a pictur.
As soon as we'd shaken bands and I'd
taken off my bonnet and. mantilla, she
says: 'Do you know what day to-mor
row is?' Then I thought it up, and haid
it was the 5th of September. 'The day
I am to die,' she says in a soft, quiet
way. Then I up and asked her if Mior
timer had been ill-treatin' her. but she
put up her finger, and said: 'Not a
word to my husband; he doesn't know
I know it.' Then she said he was aw
ful good to her, but she couldn't get
that gravestone out of her head day or
night. All at once it cane to me how
matters was; she'd been too proud to
give him up, besides her likin' him, too;
and she'd been too proud to tell him
about it; and so betwixt the two the
poor child was almost beat out. She
asked if I would go out to the cornhouse
with her to see the stone. She wanted
to see it and was afraid togoalone.
"Then a queer thing happened. Mor
timer had come into the next room
while she'd been talkin', and heard
every word. I never saw anybody
so stirred up as he was when he came
in. 'Is that tombstone what has stood
between us?' he said, and went on to
explain that he had ordered it for his
mother. He was such a bad writer that
the stone-cutter mistook the name Mal
viny for Melindy, and after the stone
was half done it was found out, and they
made him pay for it. So, as it was his,
they brought it to him, and not know
in' what to do with it, he'd just set it up
in the cornhouse and forgot all about
it. Melindy, she began to cry, and then
they fell to huggin' and kissin' each
other, as if they hadn't met for
years. I tried to put in a word to
ca'm "em, but they saw me without see
ing me, and heard me without hearing
me, so 1 put on my bonnet anr~ mantilla
and came away and left 'em.
"After that? Dear me, they was the
happiest couple you ever saw. They
~used the gravestone for a front door
step, wrong side up, and it was real
pretty. Melindy was dretful proud of
him, and believedevery word he wrote
about them bugs and beetles, just as his
mother did, which only goes to show
that the old anyin' la true, thao g.y u
bliiat"--*ou5wa aIu9k CoUt
MISSIONARIII8 IN "CHINA.
Grave MEIstakes Made by tnezperloneed
ean mad Weme.
N1r othing is more remarkable than the
extraordinary and heedless zeal of the
i modern missionary in China. Regard
I less of all dangers, the young aspirants
f1 or missionary work, heedless of former
i mishaps, make the long and weary sopy
I ages into the interior far from any help.
" I have seen young married people,
with a child clinging to the breast of its
I mother, start out from Shanghai for
the north, not knowing one word of the
Chinese language. The force of folly
I could, no further go. Of the great im
l yortance of knowing the Chinese
1 language before attempting to preach,
Sand of the patience required in master
i lug the same, too much ennot possibly
be said. In the "ma narin," which is
the dialeet used by all officials in the
18 provinces, there are to every sound
four distinct tones. If the young mis
Sslonary, after studying for a year or
more the common everyday phrases and
i haracters, starts out an itinerary from
the stations, and during a street sermon
does not use the right tone or Inflection
of his voice with a certain sound, he will
convey to his hearers an absolutely
different meaning from that intended.
The four tones in the "mandarin" are:
First, an ascending tone, giving.a high
explosive sound as when in anger; see
ond, a rising inflection as when making
an inquiry; third, a curving, and fourth,
a lowering inflection. The language,
containing tens of thousands of words
and characters, has only 200 or 300
sounds, which necessitates the great
tone difficulty. lEuropean children,
born in China, hear and reproduce the
tones naturally and unerringly, but the
tones and cars of the missionary must
be trained by careful and persevering
attention. Serious troubles have at
times been traced to blunders made by
rlips of the tongue and neglect in using
the proper tone.
Ignorance in this matter may lead to
speaking disparagingly of old customs
or perhaps an unintentional condem
nation of the sacred rites expounded by
Confucius. Old and experienced
missionaries assert that it is a great
mistake, and very often the cause of
grave consequence, to allow Inexperi
enced men and women to deal with
Chinese, whose passions lie in a dor
mant state until aroused, when at the
slightest provocation they break forth
6 with the fury of wild beasts.-Philadel
phia Times.
SUCCEED ONLY BY CLEAVAGE.
SLimitations Which Surround Animals In
STheir "Slxhlt.
It is evident that not one of these
would-be flying machine men has ever
t seriously undertaken to solve the prob
lem nmentally. There is but one way of
getting through the air by mechanical
action, anld that is by cleavage. There
are really only two forms of cleavage,
the one as represented by wing action
as applied by insects and birds, the
other a rotary action as represented by
? the screws of a steamer. To the ap
plication of the wing principle there is
a limit set by natural law, just as in
t animal forms there iS a limit set to
either bipedal or quadrupedal construc
tion.
There is. perhaps, no form of cleavage
that represents the expenditure of force
1 more economically than wing action as
manifested in the flight of a wild goose.
Here is an exceptionally large avoirdu
r pois for the wing area, but the bird
cannot carry any additional weight.
In the birds of prey the body is lighter
in proportion to wing surface-a light,
t compact frame, but immense muscular
action, capable of carrying for a short
distance a load of from eight to twelve
e pounds.
Blut the limit is soon found, and there
is not a winged creature on the earth
weighing 50 pounds that can mount
t into the air and cleave as a true flyer.
Why do not the ostrich, the great auk,
the emu and other congeners of these
bird tribes properly fly, since they are
equipped with cleavers as are other
birds of flight? Walkers and swim
mers, as well as flyers, are all, by natur
al law, limited within certain restric
tions, and it is remarkable that these
e inventors have not learned this, as it is
a fact of the utmost importance, and
one which, in a careful analysis, must
early disclose itself.-Pittsburgh Dis
t patch.
r Indian Prvileges in Maine.
v There is trouble among the Penob
a scot Indians at Indian Island, Oldtown,
12 miles from Bangor, the home of the
a largest and most important Indian
e tribe in Maine, over an order of the
e Maine Central railroad, just issued, that
e they must pay full fare when traveling
l on that road. For 60 years the In
dians have been allowed to pay the same
fare as children, the custom having its
a origin here. WVhen the Bangor &
d Vesie, the first railroad in Maine, was
y built, the road carried many Indiana
a up river, and Gen. Samuel V'esie, of this
d city, then the wealthiest man in Maine,
a who was president of the road, allowed
a the Indians to ride at children's rates,
t and for G60 years since the custom has
- continued. The Indians declare that
e if the Bangor & Aroostook railroad
y follows the example of the Maine Cen
i, tral, they will bring suits for heavy
damages against the company. They
p claim that the road, formerly the Ban
t gor & Pisnataquis, was allowed to
n cross Orson and Black Islands without
h paying damages, provided Indians were
r allowed to ride for half fare forever.
a Boston Herald.
Pastuas WAil
* This is my will: "I leave to my wife
Sall that the law permits me to leave to
her. May my children never deviate
a from the law of duty and may they al
ways preserve for their mother the
tenderness that she merits." That is
i the full text of the last will and testa
ment of the late h. Pasteur. There's
Smuch in iittle.-oston Herald.
y -There is nothing so agonizing to
p the fine skin of vanity as the applie.
Iou eg o et. ugh tpratb,'--Stlwer,
HOME HINTS ANO HELPS.
-Tnk stains on white goods can be
removed by soaking in water and then
covering spot with pounded salts of
lemon. Bleach in sun for half hour,
wash in suds, rinse and dry.
-Raw Oysters.-Drain them well, ar
range on a pretty platter, dust with salt
and pepper and place on them slices of
lemon. Serve very cold with delicate
slices of brown bread and butter.--Ohlo
Farmer.
-Chloroform is useful for taking
paint stains from black silk. Per
sistent rubbing is necessary. Chloro
form will also restore faded plush goods
by sponging carefully.
--Steanmed Coffee.-Put the coffee in
the top of a double boiler, add boiling
water in proportion of a cupful to each
heaping Tablespoonful. Cover closely
and steep 20 minutes. - Good House
keeping.
-Crean. Pie.-Line an earthen pie pan
with rich pastry crust, bake and leave
until cold, then fill with three-quarters
of a teacupful of thick sweet cream
whipped lightly with half a teacupful
of powdered sugar. Flavor with lemon
extract. Keep in a cold place several
hours before serving.-Country Gentle
man.
-Snowball Pudding.---Wash two tea
cupfuls of rice and boil until tender.
Pare and core, leaving them whole, 12
large, sour apples. Fill them with the
cooked rice and put it around the out
side. Tie each one in a separate cloth
and drop in boiling water. Coo! until
soft, then serve while hot with cream
and sugar or any sauce desired.-N. Y.
Ledger.
-Pound Cake.-Bleat to a cream six
ounces of butter and eight ounces of
sugar, add the beaten yolks of four
eggs, then stir in briskly seven ounces
of sifted flour, the grated rind of half
a lenmon, a little nutmeg and then the
whites of four eggs beaten to a stiff
froth and lastly the juice of half a
lemon. Pour into buttered tins and
bake in a moderate oven. - Prairie
Farmer.
SOME STRANGE BOATS.
The Oddest Sort of Craft That Float the
waters.
Of all the uncommon forms that boats
take the newest, instead of beng strange
and complicated, like most 19th century
inventions, are almost as simple as any
thing that floats. Only rafts of logs are
more simple than what we call our
"ear floats." They are the newest typy
of boats we knoGw and have come into
being because New York city is on an
island, with only a few railroads cross
ing to it from the mainland. The other
great and little railways, which bring
and take goods and people to and from
New York, all stop on the opposite
shores of our harbor in New Jersey,
Staten Island and Long Island. Since
the cars of one railroad often have to
go past the city upon the other roads,
these "floats" are used to transport
them around our island, so that goods
from Boston or Sag harbor, for in
stance, can be sent around New York
to the tracks of the roads that will
carry them to San Francisco without
unloading' or reloading. The floats
that carry these ears are merely boxes,
the shape of great'dominoes, with rail
road tracks laid upon them. Some
carry six freight cars, some carry eight,
and some carry ten cars. Tiny little
propellers that we call "'tug boats" are
warped or hitched alongside of these
clumsy floating boxes, where they look
as a little kitten would appear beside
a big St. Bernard dog or as a locomotive
would look beside a house. But our
queer, snorting, fussy little tugboats
march away with every floating thing
to which they are hitched--even drag
ging huge Atlantic steamships at their
sides-because they reach down deep
into the water, where their big screws,
(riven by very powerful engines, ob
tain a mighty hold. Because our tug
boats are so small and yet so strong
they are able to move swiftly when
they have no burdens to carry.
The floats that carry passengers
around New York so that they can go
to Boston from Philadelphia or Chicago
without changing cars (and even with
out getting out of bed on the sleeping
cars) are not floats at all. They are
very powerful and large steamboats,
with decks covered with iron plates,
with car tracks on these decks, and
with arrangements for locking the car
wheels fast to the tracks, so that no
matter how boisterous the water may
be on stormy days, the cars cannot
break loose and roll overboard. We
have several queer sorts of boats
and other floating objects that look
like floating houses. Among them are
what we call our floating baths, and
our floating docks, and our cattle and
ice barges. But there is one kind of
floating building that looks like a
tower or a steeple riding the waters
and steering itself around. The
strange thing-and we employ many
such-is a floating grain elevator. It
is a tall, four-sided tower, built upon a
squat, snub-nosed boat. It has a great
proboscis that it sticks down into canal
boats full of grain, which it sucks or
dips out so that it can lead the grain
into the holds of ships that are to carry
it to Europe.-Harper's Round Table.
Charueterlstles of gQUeen et Coares.
The late queen of Coren does not
seem to have had a very happy life, and
if all reports be true she did not quite
deserve one. She ruled the king with
a rod of iron, and sold every ofce in the
realm to the highest bidder. She op
pressed the people so that ihe was in
constant fear of assassination. It was
her custom to sit up all night, and
she never went to bed until five or six
oI 'clock in the morning. She had several
bedrooms, so that no one knew where
she slept, except her own intimates
I Under her bedchbamber there was a
*trap door, with steps leading down
I to a room below, where she kept al-.
ways on guard fleet-footed couriers,
with a vehicle in readiness s-lo that she
could fly at a moment's notice. lut all
those prse afs seem to .bqm 1.e.pYp~P
t~lrW~~aottas~HterOssg
FELIX DEMANADE:
The Up-to-Date Merchant,
mIx113Zar..A CaX ilaBmL -- -
Groceries, Crockery,
Liquors, Willowware,
Fancy Goods.
iF'reela Stool ! hse-llap 1Prlesm
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA.
TRAHAN & DOUCET
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN.
DRUGGISTS,
-AND DEALEBS IN
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
Fancy and Toilet Articles.
ScBehool Books and Stationery. Base Ball Goods. Cigars
and Tobacco. Mellller's Perfumes.
PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIGHT
P. DEI ANADE,
LIQUORS,.
Wines and Tobaccos,
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
A. J. DIOSS. A. EMIALE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON,
LU-MBEIR,
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
OFFICE AND YARD:
Near Railroad Depot, : : Lafayette, La.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingle,
Sash, Blinds, Mouldings, etc.
T Wagonse, Cisatterns.
Screen Doors and Extension- Screen Window-s.
IGYC3LES.
Are the
Highest
of all
Grades. .
a Warranted Superior to Any Bicycle Built in tdb.
r World, Regardless of Pice.
Read the following opinion of one of the mot promiaes
American dealers who hsa sold handrods of these wheels:
SLrcnomo. VA, Oa toser as,.1m
Ilb Pr n e _Weeod Indiana Btccle Cor., Indianspells, lad.:
a bl.eW Tire. Gentlemen-b hbWa erly Scmher and Belle earin to bau
SScor ch r. ret a0 We trai have mat us t _hei d-_sired rh.l by m.sta _ e .
pu~s. ......"'. s Wan't na to m il us that this wheel rimia lotnr 5? rz .i
r Ree erie thees eWaverly.. witu teplon te prettIes w.hes l we nhae e e .
• "oUnd " Indls. lOO hve sold this er a nd l a ( nw tht i a i
b r, a, g , er) luIe h ve An r or ib0rt h e .
B. S GI4OQQI UX~1IueSIvq Ag~Enlt~f.