.. -
Se Nu rer's huiry e
 .rettles of Hood's SarseaparlSta
.ffects a Wonderful Oure.
u 1.50oo & Co., LoweU, Mass.: I
SAs reslt o the eorle
J t3sR. For eighteen mornt s ftrer I
- od up with muscular matism and
la ffelrin, and whore comen. I
4aHds S" sap rrlla for my reneuwatisemn.M
u.s-sme not onlyces of the rheumtimoandl
oR but aoef8 outwa cra Les, rsom whul
fi For t etghtee years I had autrwrd t
S pA Thouscad Deuaths.
Sveratty o Penensylvmniy to benoperteupone
Ter ctor pro emy case ngagtion
e .gwerls dhe wors he ever s men re
tale Srsparll a not oyne releveu, bt
tcure- bothe Lot pnles ant rheumatism."
Ph ladl p ohia ndf Pe r
bTiousntorepr undico sickheaahe Iesation
Us _uhran thee to C ure
pply oyor metts Colic nd hots Cure asm
amed diseases. Am a farmer, owner an
Aed of horses, cows and Nogs. ave ute
he .ecific in a good number of eases, an in
ver instanlce found it fully as good as rion.
me io There is an incraud sin dema end1tior it
here, among the farmers. ."'. - .
HORSES ORSe..a To
De Long PAT. HOOE
I AND EC has on the face
and back of every card
* the words:
D& De Long Bros. wt tbe
P hiladelphia .
ud at e lowest prifer n '. Ci. DARdiotT CLneRs
BOOrd of DESIGNS mailed b s. hveu
hfre aon app on. E COM os, St. ois os.
SYour "
-* Heart's Blood ;
"Is the most important part of your organism. Three- -
fourths of the complaints to which the system is subject
are due to impurities in the blood. You can therefore
realize how vital it is to Keep It Pure
SFor which nothing equals S. S. S. It effectually
removes all impurities, cleanses the blood thor
oughly and builds up the general health.
*,rga nn Ti m.ases SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, Ga.
Sl~ed F tosp ao ad iesad Ds.
TT93AP sO
""B THE N.K.FAIRDANK COMPANY, ST.LOUIs.
l AND WHISKY HABITS
1~ 21 TO 38 DAYS. liSneed In a4ditiOn to being a cure Is per.
tec ý sele- a child can * I. Nctbinj: severe about treat.
Boot f parhuolarse sent free o Cost. Corrnscadence STBICTLY
'Sl5U *og s*I, . .ýi7 7 . Tel.
014EM8 OF :tHOUt .  . .
Tas u poor one thing I d--instead oft
epin t t lowne or its hardness, t
Iwrll ain 'totolsO bdy l5 su 5
ONLY from the solid ground of some
clear creed have men done good, strong
work in the world. C opt of cer' 01
tainty comes power.-P tl Brooks.
Do Nor drudge like a galley slave,
nor do business in sueh 0 Pborious m
manner, as if you had a nd to be a
pitied or wondered at.-Marous Au
relius.
SoME persons follow the dictates of d
their conscience only in the same sen.e i
In which a coachman may be said to
follow the horses which he Is driving. i
-Whateley. g
W do not like our friends the worse
because they sometimes gle us'the op b
portunity to raid at them heartily.
Their faults reconcile us to their vita bi
tnes.-Hazlitt.
Ix ITngmun, Kan., there is a local o
ordinance forbidding minors to appear o
on the street after eight p. m. unless o
they can furnish' satisfactory excuse I
for so doing. It is rigidly enforced,
too, and all the growing youths are up q
in nrms about it. It
DELICIOUS PUDDINGS. s
COcOAW0 T PUDDIrf .-One and one
half pints of milk, one-half cupful of
milk crackercrumbs,one-half cupful of
sugar, two eggs, one-half cupful of c
ogoanut. butter the size of an egg.
[Mix, and bake about one hour.
COTTAGE PUDDI:s.-One cupful of
milk, one egg, one tablespoonful of
baking powder, two tablespoonfuls of
melted butter, one-half cupful of sugar,
one pint of flour. Mix, and bake one
half hour. Serve with liquid sauce.
CUANUBERRY P1UDDIiO.-One cupfulof
sugar, two cupfuls of flour, two tea
spoonfuls of baking powder, butter
the size of an egg. Break one egg into
a cup, beat., fill up with milk. Stir all
together and add one pint of cranber
ries. Bake.
EiNGoIS PLUM PUDDIN.-One cupful
of molasses, one cupful of sweet milk,
one cupful of chopped raisins, one-half
cupful of butter, three and one-half
cupfuls of flo tr, one teaspoonful of
soda, one teaspoonful of spices. Steam
three hours. Serve with liquid sauce.
DELMONICO PUDDINO.-One quart of
milk, three tablespoonfuls of corn
starch, six tablespoonfuls of sugar, the
yolks of five eggs. Mlix, and cook five
minutes in the double boiler. Pour
into a pudding dish and bake one-half
hour. Beat the whites with six table
) spoonfuls of sugar, flavor with lemon
or vanilla, spread over the top and
brown in the oven.-Good Housekeep
ing.
A PRIZE of $5,000 is offered by Count
Orloff Davidoff for the discovery of a
e remedy "perfectly certain to cure or to
d protect horned beasts against cattle
a plage." The award of the prize is in
the hands of the curator of the Im
perial Institute of Experimental Medi
cine of St. Petersburg, and the compe
tition is open to the whole world.
Breathinag oison.
You can't draw a breath without inhaling
poison, if you sojourn in a malarious locality
during the unhealthy seasons. The doni
zens of malaria stricken regions testify that
the only certain safeguard against the pois
onous vapor and its products, chills and
fever, remittent fever, agne cake and dumb
ague, is Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, which
remedies, also, constipation, biliousness,
dyspepsia and rheumatism.
S"Do You feel perfectly safe about having
your wife drive this horse?" "Great Seut,
yes; that horse has too good sense to all v
any woman to drive him into a dangerous
place."-Inter Ocean.
LIKE Oil Upon Troubled Waters is Hale's
Honey of Horehound and Tar upon a cold.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
UxzLSS you can keep on good terms with
Syourself, you are likely to keep bad com
pany most of the time.-Ram's Horn.
Cocoes, Hoarseness Sore Throat, etc.,
quickly relieved by BROdwN'S BUoNCHIAL
I Taocazs. Sold only in boxes. Price, 25 cts.
s, IT takes a sharp man to find out a woman's
S1 failings, but when a man fails the whole
town echoes with the news.-Puck.
thoroughly good- kolpe for potatf soup.: M
andit will be a deoided change to have e
this' vegetable in the first course, In
steadf flanking the meat. .. -P
-Cup Molammes Padding.-Four eups
of Sour, five eggs{ two cunp of sugar.
one cup of molasmes one seat table- ines
spoonful of ginger-.one cup-of butter, a lord
teaspoonful of saleratus EPt into the to I
molasses Mix aRtogether and bake in wat
a mold.-Boston"lludget. I the
-Corn Fritteirs-One cup -of flour,.
with a small teaspoonful baking pow- -
der mixed with itone egg well beaten, mal
half a pint of canned corn, andesalt to
taste. Add more milk if it is too thick,
or more flour if it is too thin. Fry on a> mo
griddle like batter cakes. -United Pres- esti
byterian. e
-Cb-iee Cake.-One cup sugar,half n hie
butter, one teaspoonful soda dissolve.l
in a cupful of molasses, three eggs, one
cupful of strofig, cold coffee, four cups 'vh
of flour, spices to suit the taste. Add iml
one cup of hickory nuts chopped fine, osd
one cup of raisins choppednuil seded. Thi
Bake in two layers.-Prairie Farmer. ter
-Cream Tomato Soup.-Boil one slo'
quart of water with a can of tomatoes,
two large potatoes minced fine, two stu
onions also minced, a teaspoonful of roe
sugar, and a few sprigs of parsley. hag
When the potatoes are done, finish the an<
seasoning to taste, and add at once a rem
quart of boiling milk.-American Agri- alo
culturist. ter
-Codfish Loat.-Prepare the fish as pr
for balls, mix wvith the potatoes or rice, -
or both may be used: add pepper and a the
dust of powdered sage, or celery salt; Th
mix with beaten egg, and if the mass als
does not seem rather moist add a little a
sweet milk. Pour into a pan or pad- ib
ding dish and bake done and brown. - in
Farm, Field and Fireside. hit
-Loaf Chocolate Cake.-One cupful ho
of granulated sugar and one-half cup- rot
ful of butter, beaten together. Add thi
the yolks of four eggs, one-half'cupful
of strong coffee, one and one-half cup- oh
fuls of flour measured before sifting, fan
two teaspoonfuls.. of baking powder yo
1 sifted with the flour. (Flavor with ch
vanilla if one-half cupful of milk is me
f used instead df coffee.) When ready lyJ
f for the oven stir in one and one-hall ve
f squares of chocolate which have been we
a shaved, and set in a dish to melt.- th
Good Housekeeping. gr
f -Salt Fish. -Take two or three be
- pounds of wet salt fish and soak it in ra
e plenty of cold water for about twenty- co
a four hours. If the fish is very salt, ly
,r soak it longer and change the water
f several times. Now steam the piece of so
- fish for half an hour, cut it into seven is
a or eight slices, which lay in a baking- ju
d dish, sorinkle them with two table- ha
- spoonfuls each of bread-crumbs and at
finely-chopped parsley, a teaspoonful w4
each of chopped herbs and pepper, and tb
a pint of nutmeg. Place some pieces tv
of butter on top, and bake forty min- th
o utes.-Voman's Home Journal. W
Le -Pressed Veal.-Boil a shin of veal jo
n in four quarts of water until the meat lP
is tender enough to allow the bones to re
be taken out and the water is nearly it
boiled away. Chop the meat fine, sea
son it with powdered mace, pepper, al
salt, chopped parsley and two crackers, h.
rolled very fine. - Mix well together in
Swith the water that remains in the ket- ki
tie, and put it all into a bowl previous- of
at iy wet with cold water. As you fill the 1.
I- bowl insert here and there slices of two c<
b or three hard-boiled eggs lPut a plate in
eh over the bowl that will fit closely; set n,
3 a weight upon it, and let it stand until y'
the next day. Cut in slices. T'his is n,
ng nice for luncheon or tea.-loston hi
Budget. SI
us FASHION NOTES.
wVhat Vill lie Worn Through the Advanc- 1
a's ing Spring and Summer.
Id. Lace of all kinds will still remain in
te. high favor.
Brown bids fair to be the popular
h color for spring wear.
'Shirt waists will remain in favor dur- b
ing another season.
c., The newest shoulder capes aire Vao
IAL dyke pointed, and retain the high col- Ik
ts.lar. b
n's Old-fashioned wool barege is to be I
ole used for summer dresses in black and 1
colors.
Velvet house waists are still popilar, 9
also bengaline and light wools in very s
light tints.
S (inghamns will be in hig hi favor
again, and, in finer grades, are called
srwivel silks and zephyrs.
Ribbon trimmings are to be used
a.gain in stocks, bows upon the shoul
dlers with long ends, belts and rosettes
Dotted Swiss muslins, cotton grena
-lines, organdy muslins, dimities and
Swiss muslins are all shown in the
stcres to be made up for the coming
warm weather.
Changeable, lightweight woolens are
shown for spring dresses in green and
violet, gray and mauve, black and
white and blue with green. These are
3 harming and artistic.
TLong cloaks are again in favor, loose
fronted, and with capes trimmed with
fur. These are very easily mnade at home.
Young women prefer the tight fitting
coats, as they give a more jaunty and
youthful effect.
lHuge cravat bows of ribbon or bias
moire, and edged with lace, are the fad
of the day. For street wear these are
black, with cream guipure labe, for in
toor wear, of cherry red, turquoise, pale
green or rose for house wear. They
brighten a plain home toilet very ef
fectively. V-Womankind.
Home u'urgery.
A broken bone need not be set imme
diately. This knowledge saves much
unnecessary anxiety when the doctor
catnnot be procured at once. The parts
tnust be put in as comfortable a posi
tion as possible and most nearly corre
sponding to the natural one. It is
necessary to give support above and be
tow the break. Handle the injured
part very carefully not to force the
rough ends of bone through the skin.
Improvise splints of some kind-two
strips of wood, a couple of stout book
covers, or pieces of pasteboard. Place
one on each side when it is a limb that
is injured, and bind them in place with
handkerchiefs. A long pillow firmly
tied will answer the purpose, or in case
of injury to a leg it may be fastned to
its fellow if nothing better can be done,
remembering to tie it above and below
the injury. Ladies' Home Journal.
Iced itik in Fracrmc.
The French industry of icing milk is
an oiginal departure in tinned com*
modities. The milk is frozen and
S :he part of the purchaser requires to
be melted previous to use. leing her
motically sealed the commodity thnus
iced preserves its form until it is re
er quired, when a minute's exposure to
TLY the sun's rays or to the heat of the Grfe
is al1 that is anecessary to reduce it ~
.tU !ici4 qgvndttio 0 -3ton Thdtgea,
ý="Al -> as'l itO~cfora~eauutf -
Maltse.when i team wa.tac~a bitie
the snow reeqtly, beorrwed,.,a bad- m
se andal e'4s mail bags" ndn 'due`
pIiieeert -e 'lady, to the statitem jn1 pabi
time for.,hitwial. eo"s
-Steele was kept in constant uneaem PPp
nhe. by hi~ irresistible desire to mak -
lOd toeve6ry Woman who wotil Ilste1 tabe
to hjm.. He was kept in perpe tual hqt l et
water by the necessity of getting rid of lage
the old love whenhe contracted a new teen
atetiOnL. - h.a.
-Worth, the man milliner and dress. 11
maker, is an Englishman. He went to elecl
Zaris early in i1fe and soon engaged in ot
the business which has made him fa- foati
mona Every dress sent out fron his bea
establishment is photographed. Mr. -
WVoith's two sona are associated with a ce
himin busipess. Flo&
S-Count.. Pappenheim gave the late Sua
tEqpnperor VWilliam a bottle of American non
whisky that agreed so well with the Pa
I imperial palate that the result was an Upe
order for one hundred and fifty bottles. lart
The kaiser's check and autograph let- cull
ter accompanying it are in the posses- othl
sloe of a Philadelphia liquor dealer. the,
S-Comptroller Eckels is the greatest the
n student in the admiqistratlon. In his -
I room in the treasury department he user
Shas a very extensive financial library cent
e and he spends much of his time in Plal
a reading. He comes up to his room lat
alone in the evening and free from in- gue
terrulgtion reads and studies financial the
Sproblems until after midnight. the
-Henrik Ibsen, the Norwegian au- the
Sthor, loves to keep his hair in disorder. '
This is said to be his one vanity. He at
s always carries a little toilet ease, says resi
e a Danish writer, containing a looking- the
Slass and a comb, attached to the lin- -
- ing of his gray hat. He often removes vey
his hat to look into the mirror to see hait
i how his hair is lying. If it is not twE
. rough enough to suit his fancy, he uses 180:
d the comb to give it the requisite tangle. squ
I -There is a story of Carlyle in his les
- old age having taken the following its
farewell, in his broadest Scotch, of a sur
r young friend who had had him in mil
h charge for walks, and who, while al- rie
is most always adapting himself to Car- tal
y lyle's mood, had on a single occasion run
ii ventured- to disagree with him: "'I thi
n would have you to know, young man, -
- that you have the capacity of being the me
greatest bore in Christendom." The En
e boredom had consisted solely in the be
il rather negative sin of not having been ma
-. convinced of the truth of one of Car- fou
t, lyle's dogmas. as3
er -Mrs. Thomas VWentworth Iliggin- str
if son, who is a niece of Mrs. Longfellow, tie
n is younger than her husband, who is t
e- just seventy, by a score of years. She th
e- has done considerable writing herself, or
d and is of great assistance to him in his ire
al work, because she understands him eqi
d thoroughly. A little, daughter of -
as twelve is the darling and delight of. sitl
a- the colonel's hours of recreation. sui
Whenever he goes away on a railroad thi
al journey, and circumstances render it thi
at possible, he takes her with him. Al. w
o ready she shows signs of having inher- ma
y ited her father's literary talent. col
a- -It is supposed.that business letters no
r, are deficient in humor. Still there P
s, have been exceptions, and -the very to]
er latest, sent by a member of a well to
t- known wholesale soap-making firm, is to
is- one of the most brilliant. A retail dr
he Sealer in a small way had sent for a lal
vo consignment of their goods: "Gentle- er:
itr med," he writes, "wherefor have you se:
et not sent me the sope? is it bekawvse
til you think my money is not so good as
is nobody elses? Dam you! - wherefor o'
on have you not 'sent the sope? Please R.
send sope at once, and oblige your re- ex
spectful servant, Richard Jones. P. Fi
S.-Since writing the above, my wife do
Bc- ias found the sope trunder the counter.'
in "A LITTLE NONSENSE." w
pr
lar -Briggs-- "Don't you ever have any u,
trouble whatever in meeting your hi
bills?" Sprigs-"Not a bit of it. I meet in
them everywhere I go."-Tit-Bits. fi
- -Ethel-"Do you allow Charles to p
ol- kiss you when you are not engaged to.
him?" Maud-"lit isn't an allowance.
be lie calls.it a perquisite."-JRaymond's e
nd Monthly. a
-"Yes,I have lioughtsa piano for my fe
ar, laughter. She will grive lessons and to
ry so help to keep the wolf from.the door."'
"If the wolf is at all musical in hi::
or tastes."-Boston Transcript. Y
led -WVith a String to It.-WVifey-"Do e
you love me better than any woman n
ed you have ever met?" Hubby-'"I love h
ul- you .better than any woman I could 11
cS. ever get."-Detroit Free Press.. ti
oa- -"Thompkins is the most absent- s1
nd midded man I ever sav." "In what
he way?" "Got married the other day h
ng and forgot to take his Jride when he b
went on his wedding tour."-Hallo. . f
re --"You are sure that you've found a fi
nd first-class school for your son?" Mr.
ad Readly-"I think so; there were six
are students badly injured by rough treat- a
meat during the first term."--Inter
ose Ocean.
ith -He-"Darling, if I had the money 5
Ine would place upon your finger a dia- I
ing mond as big as a half dollar." She- 'J
"ad "Oh! Harry, how extravagant" lie-- -
"I was about to say as big as a half- c
a dollar would buy." Philadelphia Ree
ord.
n- -In a Nebraska Church.-Tender
foot (as collection is being taken)-
he "My purse is in my hip pocket" Na
tive--"Better let me pay for us both; a
reach in that direction is likely to be
misconst'rued around this section."-St.
Louis Dispatch. .
me -After Mr. Sumner had criticised
uch Gen. (Grant savagely, some one was
etor talking to Grant about atheism in New
irts England, and remarked: "Even Sum
ner does not believe in the Bible."
rre- "Vhy should he?" quietly replied
is Grant; "he didn't write it"
I be -Poet-"I hope you have received
ired the little volume of poems I ventured
the to send you." Baroness- "Indeed, I
kin have-it is charming-I wonder where
two I have put it." Little Karl-"Under
ook the leg of the table, mamma, to make
lace it steady."-Fliegende Blatter.
hat -"Did you hear about Sharpwun?
vith He has abandoned Miss Munniworth.
mly the girl he was engaged to." "You
don't mean it! What was the reason, I
d to wonder?" "They say it was a case of
one, heart failure. He heard that old Mun
nlow aiworth had gone into insolvency."
Boston Transcript.
-In a Washington county town, a
1k is while ago, the local champion liar was
om' brought up before the justice for steal
and ing hens. It was a pretty plain case;
d on and by the advice of his lawyers the
7 to prisoner said: "I plead guilty." This
her- surprising answer, in place of the string
thus of lies expected, staggered the justtce.
a re-lie rubbed his head. "I guess-I'm
I, to afraid-w.ll, Hiram," said he, after a
* Gre thoughtful pause, "I guesi I'll have to
4 e have more evidence beforQ I-fnteliws
yotn *"-L~wintoa Jgwunal.
bitien wlle ISTd' ear
fjme and Amel *t.' :awspapers..re
ala' a oopstf4u tosarjs 4sti.;~-h
publiariy awhls josrrn>mýsm i In
eo ntrielriwor ,is mm's vI.Wously
appreciated and jntlapP4d."
* -Auburn, a Kentucky town of 1,000
inhabitalts, dilootusges the Kentucky
t pres -t whisky making:.. Tle vil
lage has not had an open saloon for fif
teen yeara Foou elections in that time
havetautned upon the question of licens
lg, tlabg. leof strong drink, but at no sa
elt s the affirmative vote reached said
forti "Meanwhile the- chuaihes "W
filMaistd .tAuburn is well pleased to o
be.t g lar among its sister villages. pe.I'
-hse power of 'song is illustrated in I
a ustdm on the railroads in northern abs
Flod4a. ,., Whenever a train crosses the tow
Suyanee river, "the conductor an- er;
nonhuces the fact in each- car. If any sew
passenger as never heard "Way Down
Upon the Suwanee River" .this.particu- B
larization of the'stream must seem pe- feet
culiar,: and the Suwanee is like a dozen hay
othlr rivers in the same region, and to a
these are passed without comment from o
the conductor. el
-The dead and gone New York hotel
used to have an almost continuous suc
cession of meals on the American
plan. There were breakfasts early and
late; there was a noonday dinner for
guests accustomed to such a meal;
there was a late luncheon; there was
the usual evening dinner, and, finally,
there was a late supper between 10 p.
m. and midnight. There were guests
at all these meals, but an a la carte
restaurant instituted late. in the life of
the hotel was never very successful.
-The United States geological sur
vey, says the report of Director Powell,
has carried on topographical surveys in
twenty-eight states and territories in
1803, covering an area of about 26,000
square miles, at a cost of 4283,02:9. or
less than 620 per square mile. Since
its organization this department has
surveyed an - area of 573,000 square
miles, in forty-seven states and territo
ries. The hydrographic force has been
tabulating statistics as to the value of
running streams, and roughly foots up
this value at $600,000,000.
-Some of the odd personal names
met with in this country originated in
English workhouses, where it used to
be a common thing, as Dickens inti
mates in "Oliver Twist," to name
foundlings for some utensil about the
asylum, or for anything else that might
strike the stupid fancy of the authori
ties. Thus many persons were launched
upon the world bearing the names of
the days of the week, or some church
or street near the asylum, and of a hun
dred and one other things furnishing
equally absurd cognomens.
If. -The germ theory is largely respon
sible for some of the marvels of modern
surgery. Out of the germ theory grew pr
the scrupulous care of surgeons as to Mc
t the aseptic and antiseptic treatment of a
L. wounds, so that the fevers and inilam- Pi
mations that used to be the inevitable In
consequence of surgical operations are f
now unknown in well-managed hos- be
e pitals. Surgeons will now chip off the fri
y top of a man's head, exhibit Mts brain
to a curious class of students, send him o
s to bed with his "wound" antiseptically W
ii dressed, and bring him back a week fa)
a later with nothing to show of the op
eration but a slight and well-healed fr
scar.-N. Y. Sun.
e-M'odel tenement houses have paid us
.-well in London. Sir Sydney Vater
or low made the first experiment of the in
a kind in 1860 when he built at his own d
expense four blocks in Work street. to
-Fiosbury. The buildings accommo- I
'e dated eighty families, or four hundred t
persons, and such was their success
that in three years, in conjunction cc
with several friends, he started the Im
proved Industrial Dwellings Co.. of
F which he is chairman. That company
r has spent over one million pounds
t in the erection of dwellings on forty
five estates in London. The dividend se
to paid is five per cent., and the .average re
ic rent of each room is fifty cents. at
. -One of the largest, if not the larg- ,
Sest monoliths ever cut in this country, of
a granite polumn, forty-one and a half a
'y feet long, six and a half feet in diame
ad ter and weighing ninety-two tons, has
been successfully transported from p
ie Stony Creek, Conn., to NVest Point, N. el
Y. It is intended for the battle monu- t
)e ment-at the latter place. The shaft
n was loaded on two platform cars on two
ye heavy pedestal blocks and crossed the 1
Id Hudson river at Fishkill after the
transfer bridge at the ferry had been
t- strengthened. The original block from
at which the shaft was cut weighed one
ay lundred and thirty-five tons. It will
ho besurmounted by a granite ball four
feet in diameter, supporting a bronze
i a fivre of Victory.
TOY ALPS.
it Hlow a Man Reconutructed the Wonderful d
3er Swiss Scenery.
Has any painter ever fixed on canvas
cy such visions, distinct and haunting, of
ia lands he had never seen, Claude or
- Turner, or the Flemish people, who
-- painted the little towered and domed
. celestial Jerusalem? I know not. The
c- nearest thing of the kind was a wvon
derful erection oac brown paper and
r- (apparently) ingeniously arranged
. shavings, built up in rock-like fashion,
a. covered with little green toy-box trees.
Sand dotted here and there with bits of I
be mirror glass and cardboard houses,
;, which once puzzled me considerably in
the parlor of a. cottage. ."Do tell me
what that is?" at last rose to my lips.
e "That," answered my hostess, very
es slowly, "that is a work of my late 'us
m band; a representation of the Halps as
" close as 'e could imnagine it, for e' never
lewas abroad." I often think of that I
edman "who never was abroad," and of
his representation of the Alps; of th
ed hours of poetic vision, of actual crea
red tion, perhaps, rom sheer strength of
I longing, which resulted in that quaint
re work of art. As close as he could im
er agine them!
ko Hlie had read, then, about the Alps,
read, perhaps, in Byron, or some Rad
en? cliffian novel on a stall; and he had
th, wondered till the vision had come.
ou ready for pasteboard and toy trees and
SI glue and broken mirror to embody it!
of Vernon Lee, in Macmillan s Magazine.
Eun_
'- Bl~erely Proving His Position.
Mr. Grimme-It is just an outrage
a, a the way the little innocent birds are
was being butchered to adorn women's
sal- hats
use; Mrs Grimme-But. my dear, don't
the you remember that it was the bright
his bird wing I wore on my hat as I was
ing going along Rthe street that attracted
tcee your attention and led to your marry
-I'm Ingme? -
r a Mr. Grimme-What in thunder has
a to that got to do with it? That only
Iae makes the ase stroniger,-'-dii4 p7oup
Jpurna -
Rpi
Fs." d W .v.! .. . l3 x .
hat
"Nov YOU may tbSll:5h court dtISD Pti
stances of your husband'.s disppea ,
said the atorneyto Mas. .asie ens.
"Well, sir," reOplied the.ood lady, mohe went
out one mornc  na It wrsu % :
half an hour till he never came back." ,Han
pet's Bazar.
"Your coat is inside out," remarked the
absolute idiot. "Than you," rejoined te
eror. "Don't speak of it," said the idiot;
'"am troubled with absence of mind my
sedi."-Waif. "___ _
SSr ln-.rann mnewledge
Essentlal to.tlhe nroductiu ofthe most per
ect and p opular~ tive remedy I own
have enabled the California Fig SyruCo..
to achievea areat success in the reputation
of its remey, Syrup ofjigsas it is con
Scedled ta be the universal laxative. For sale
by alldruggists. .
ri
/o
.. _ •
Vil
The subject of the above portrait is
_rominent and much resected citizen. Mr.
_obert Manson, of West Rye, N. H. Vhere
Mr Manson is known " his word is as good
as his bond." In a recent letter to Dr. it. V.
Pierce, Chief Consulting Physician to the
Invalids' Hotel and Surgical Institute, Buf
falo N. Y., Mr. Manson says :
"Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are the
best pills I ever took for the liver. All my
friends say they do them the most good."
This opinion is shared by every one who
once tries these tiny, little, sugar-coated pills,
which are to be found in all medicine stores.
The U. S. Inspector of Immigration at Buf
falo N. Y., writes of them as follows:
" from early childhood I have suffered
from a sluggish liver, with all the disorders
accompanying such a condition. Doctors'
prescriptions and patent medicines I have
used in abundance ; they only aforded tem
porary relief. I was recommended to try
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets. I did so, tak
ing two at night and one after dinner every
day for two weeks. I havereduced the dose
to one ' Pellet' every day for two months.
I have in six months increased in solid flesh
twenty-two pounds. I am in better health
than I have been since childhood. Drowsi
nees and unpleasant feelings after meals have
completely disappeared"
Assist nature a little now and then with a
gentle laxative, or. if need be, with a more
searching and cleansing cathartic, thereby
removing offending matter from the stom
ach and bowels, and toning up and invigo
rating the liver and quickening its tardy
action, and you thereby renove the cause
of a multitude of distressing diseases, such
as headaches, indigestion, biliousness, skin
diseases, boils, carbuncles, piles, fevers and
maladies too numerous to mention.
If people would pay more attention to
properly regulating the action of their bow
els, they would have lees frequent occasion
to call for their doctors' services to subdue
attacks of dangerous diseases.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
The Greatest Mledical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). He has now in his
possession over two hundred certificates
of its value, all within twenty, miles of
Boston. Send postal card for book.
A benefit is always experienced from the
first bottle, and a perfect cure is warranted
when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains, like needles passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowels. This is caused by the ducts be
ing stopped, and always disappears in a
week after taking it. Read the label.
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings atd~st.
No change of diet ever neessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of it.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Sold by all Druggists.
ELY'S CAT
CREAM BALM
Cleanses the
Nasal Passages,- TAR. C
Allays Pain and
tInflammation,
HealU the sores.
Bestores the
Senses of Taste
and Smell. a
pTRY THE CU3E.A r4let eodh iostil n is
~ k b . A i ý to St W . or db 2 ail5.
naniQ DI inA ut., NOW ¥0rt,
one way to cure Deafness, an batisbycoa
stitutonauMremedies-. De"afness 1
an inflamed condition of tho mucous
of the ustachisl Tube. When this tubs
esnlee ou have a ror
Sheain, andl when it ent*5lI
closed f Deafnemmia bSs the result, andnle the
inlamnato can be tnake- oiit andstbitube
restoredtoits norrnl ,mfnl io" ng vm
be destroyed foreover nmyoA rut ten
ar cused boy 4catarw,-Wlch is noang but
an inflamed, condition, f the mucous Sur
faces.
We will give One Hundred Doilars for any
case of Deafness (caused by catarrh) that
cannot be cured b Hall's Catarh Cure.
Send for circulars, free.
F. J. EnNEr & CO., Toledo, 0.
gR old by Druggists. 75c.
'ý$al'' Family FPils, 25 cents.
That, o all known agents to accomplish -
this purpose, Dr Pierce's I'leasant Pellets are
unequaled, is proven by the fact that once
utsed, thJey are alwayls a,. favor. Their sec
ondary effect is to keep the bowels open and
reguclar, not to further constipate, as is the
ease with other pills. Hence, their great
popularity vith sufferers from n. habitual con
stipation, piles, end indigestion.
The " Pleasant Pellets" are far more effec
tive in arousing the liver to action thhpa "blue
pills," calomel, or other mercurial prepara
tions, and have the further merit of being
purely vegetable and perfectly harmless in
any condition of the system. no particular
care is required while using them.
Composed of the choicest, concentrated
vegetable extracts, their cost is much more
than is that of- other pills found in the mar
ket, yet from forty to forty-four "Pellets" -
are put up in each sealed glass vial, as sold
through druggists, and can be had atthe price
of the more ordinary and cheaper made pills.
Dr. Pierce prides himself on having been
first to introduce a Little Liver Pill to the
Americanpeople. Many haveimitated them,
but none have approached his Pleasant Pel
lets " in excellence.
For all laxative and cathartic purposes
the " Pleasant Pellets" are infinitely supe
rior to all " mineral waters," sedlitz pow
ders, "salts," castor oil, fruit syrups (so
called); laxative " teas," and the many other
purgative compounds sold in various forms.
Put up in glass vials, sealed, therefore
always fresh and reliable. One little " Pal
let" is laxative, two gently cathartic.
As a "dinner pill," to promote digestion,
take one each day after dinner. To relieve
distress from over-eating, nothing equals
them. They are tiny, sugar-coated. anti
bilious granules, scarcely larger than mus
tard seeds. Every child wants them.
Then, after they are taken, instead of dis
turbing and shocking the system, they act in
a mild, and natural way. There is no re
action afterward. Their help lasts.
Accept no substitute recommended to be
" just as good." They may be better for the
dealer, because of paying him a better profit,
but he is not the one who needs help.
BscI , W. L. DOUGLAS *3 SHflO
eqa utm rk cing om
s oSja i. L. DOUGlL"AS , MO
.... equals custm -ork cosnn" from
- to $, best vlue for the money
St tae wvorld. nmne and price
w tan ped on the bottom. A -ery
$ pair waarranted. Take no substi
, tut. See local papers for full
s . description o or compete
.lines for ladies and gen
1"; tlemen or send for It.
W- st ated Cetalagt
gIoinl in.
r structeons
T .how to or.
der by mail. Postage free. You can get the best
bargains of dealers who puos our sho.s
who havy weak ins over Astmh-e.
ed one. I is not bad to l kp.
itt. thorldoer best o (hsyap. .
whe.w. ll.A. N. K., F. 1495
state dolt Vw PW tes £drtr lseiu S/.
"peltor