LAFE TE GAZETTJ
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 3, 1894. NUMBER 35.
- :' ' i .'1" , r.... I T. . . . - ... ""- - _" -.
-DEALERS mN
Oeneral
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
LJac.ln Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
-CHEAP STORE.
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Sulles' Store.
LAFAYVETTE, LA.
Gold medal awarded at Exposition of 1
'178. Repairing of fine watches a spe
mialty. All work cheap and guaranteed.
MT. CARMEL COIVYIT
LAPAVETTE. LA.
The system of education inoludes te
French and Englishb languages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every t
attention will be given to the health t
and comfort of those placed under the t
case of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior. c
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
VHEELWRIGHT anl SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Bank UuUdja.
FRED MOUTOiN, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work li
done. All work promptly attended to. n
Satisfaction guaranteed. ii
Ii. C. SALLES, p
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street, w
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA. si
E. O. VOORHIIES, f
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND o
NOTARY PUBLIC, ti
Lat yete, L"a. i
R. W. ELLIOTT,
-Attorney at Law or
and Notary Public "
LAFAYETTE, LA. "P
O. C. & J. MOUTON, o,
Attorneys at Iarw, g`
th
LAFAYETTE, LA. th
Sidney Veazey, t
FEEDiStable. e
Lincoln Avenue, yo
Two Blocks From Depot. tu
First-class rigs at reasonable prices. tI
Careful drivers furnished when req u ired
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON, cr
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mar, -
and Vermillion Parishes, and the Su
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas i
and New Orleans.
LA.AA 1TrT, IL.A. mc
--- I
RAILROAD BARBERI SHOP. g:
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot. ani
THE "OLD RELIABLE." w;
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor. fro
dri
r6tMH EP-' , u3E"iEI3]30 t "
-AND-- oth
Sale Stable 4
SCOISTAITlI, Proprl0tor. the
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA. tha
lea
DR. J. L. DUHART, .
A pratitioner in the State 25 years, car
and1n- Lafayette Parish 11 years, calls are
attatetion to his new and successful treat- yo
manetrbf the respirstory organs. Medi- ton
cal Inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment ffording eu -et h
Consumption. in the first and secoad in
period if they follow exactly the treit par
ment and relief in the third period. cro.
Deafnes and chbronic diseases in gen. -thrI
eral a specialty. 1op
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Publio c
Justice of the Peace. and
Oareful ud promptattention giwen 4.
shd _olleoiooototf ll,. ?.toabot notes os br
THOU ART A LIGHT.
O Love. thou art so me a light
That shines upon my war,
S And guides me through the lonesome sighs
t nto a sweeter day.
An angel pure, O Love, thou rar
For when I see thy face
I feel an influenee on my heart
Or sweet and heavenly Mrae
No stained thought the soul can soil,
When thou, my Love, art near
No low desire, no word of guile.
Nor passion Insincere.
0 stay with me and be my love.
My light, my angel purel
And I to thee will faithful prove
'ith While earthly days endure.
D. J. Donohoe. In Springfield (Muss.) Repub
lioan.
LA. A TIMELY SHOT.
A Boy's Adventure in the Wilds
of Africal
The anxiety and distress of Ralph
Campbell, a youthful" master's mate
from the survey gun ship Petrel, were
beyond description when, on awaken
ing one morning in his quarters-an
African hut on a bank of the Senegal
river, up which he had been sent a
long distance on government business
-he discovered that his little brother,
Frank, was missing.
Frank was a bright, clever boy of
twelve, who had accompanied his
of brother from the ship, which was
peanchoric l outside the bar. He was the
ed. captain's nephew, and was a general
- pet and favorite aboard the vessel,
where he had been receiving instruc
tions to fit him for naval duties.
Ralph, who now had all his cutter's
crew looking for the lost lad, worried t
much over the perils to which the lit- i
tle fellow might be exposed from ,
s* venomous serpents and wild beasts.
sic At length, while searching in the
try thick shrubbery on the river's bank,
th the youth reached a cove where, on t
he the night before, he had left a small r
canoe which he had bought of one of c
the natives. '
He had intended to use it for navi- c
gating some of the shallow creeks t,
further up the river, as the cutter he c
had charge of was too deep and wide t
for that purpose. Startled to perceive j,
that the canoe was missing, a suspi- ,
cion of the truth broke all at once
upon his mind. fe
lHe remembered having remarked to ii
r a sailor, in Frank's hearing, that the .
rk little craft must be brought up and a
o. made fast to the latter the first thing B
in the morning. The boy, eager to ii
please his brother, had probably risen o:
and gone, before any of the rest of the tl
party were awake, to fetch the canoe,
but if so, what had become of him? it
e Ralph, shuddering, thought of the hid- al
cous crocodiles that infested this river, it
while he vainly scanned it for some
L sign of the lad. P
Then, having resolved not to wait le
for the return of his men, but to take ui
the cutter and go of alone in search ly
of his lost brother, he hurried back to
the bank in front of the hut, along- hi
side of which the boat lay. w
This boat was a light, swift one, w
which could be easily sculled by an he
oar. There was a small, loaded swivel
ready for use, fixed in the bow, but its ax
C weight would not interfere with the asi
speed of the craft. th
The young officer was soon vigor- at
ously sculling the vessel on its way, ye
going with the tide, as he thought in
t hat Frank would have been apt to take cc
this course, Past lofty elevations cov- as
ered with shrubbery and flowers glided cr
the cutter, often shadowed by the far- co
extending branches of huge baobab me
trees that formed broad green arches gu
above it. on
It had rounded a peninsula full of ed
bloom' and foliage, when the watchful ink
youth saw ahead of him an over- hi
turned, broken canoe. He soon reached qu
it, and, by the peculiar carving on me
the bow, he recognized it as the miss- w
ing canoe. tri
It had been partly crushed-most mc
likely, he thought, by the teeth of a bli
crocodile. me
In dismay, he pulled Frank's little tic
cap fr n a jagged projection of the a
broken wood on which it was caught. wt
T'he dreadful truth forced itself on his the
mind.
The lad had been pursued by the plc
monster that had destroyed the canoe. le,
Had he already met his fate? The inj
young officer tried to shake off his des- pr!
pondency-to hope, in spite of appear- me
ances, that his brother might, in some bee
way, have escaped and still be alive. ter
He looked toward the peninsula
from which the canoe seemed to have prc
drifted. This peninsula, consisting of on
two high, projecting banks composed the
of soft rock and earth, opposite each
other, about fifteen feet apart, was
roofed by the branches of slender
trees that flourished in wild luxuriance fire
on both .banka cut
The tranks of these trees slanted so abl
that their boughs intermingled and au
were so thickly interwoven with vines sao
that they formed a dense canopy of vai
leaves and.blossoms over the open hi
Sspace beneath, which thus resembled a
sort of long water cavern.
Ralph directed the-cutter to this er's
cavern, and, looking through the green jec
archway into.the partial obscurity be- to
yond, he beheld-a sightwellcalculated f
to arouse apprehension. puo
In the back part of the cavern, lyinig co
in a shallow, ramong sandbanksl that p
partially concealed it .was a lare can
crocodile, with its head raised and the
-thrown bsack and its horrible Jaws wide eel,
open, while its eyes were strained, as and
itf. turned up toward sense elevated fall
point. brol
GasOutg in the samle direeton, Ralph drif
was startled to see, about ten. feet ate
abovetbose hideous jaws, the form .of sea
his little brother, lying, with pale face
and elosed eye n -the narrow shelf
ab rook. Thw- k ss" nder the A
brauhes fo slender trees 3whioh rose prol
-,n each side ofit from- 1ow baslo on asI
-the rigft hshd lefttaboi-tw o yards decl
, .. otsmrImtk on' th
-. -.+ , ]++ p;
and he had fallen on the rook, his
head striking it with force enough to
render him unconscious. There he
dtes now )Ly, so perilously near the edge
of the rock-shelf that the slightest
movement on his part would cause him
to roll off and fall into the jaws of
the monster below. As he was proba
bly but temporarily stunned, he was
liable to move at any moment. It was,
therefore, of the utmost importance, in
order to insure his safety, that he
should be speedily conveyed from his
dangerous position.
Ralph feared that a discharge of the
swivel or of any firearm at the croco
nub- dile, would only be attended with fa
tal results to Frank. The sandbanks
might hinder the shot from striking
the fierce reptile, while the shock
would be pretty sure to dislodge the
senseless lad from the shelf, and thus
bring him down into the power of his
voracious ene my.
The youth lost no time in heading
ph his boat toward the rock. But the
Ste cutter was some fathoms from it,
are when the keel caught in a submerged
an- sandbank. Drawing his sword, Ralph
an sprang out, and quickly waded toward
ral the rock. Slight ledges and pro
a truding spurs on its front would en
i55 able him, he thought, to climb up to
ar, his brother; in fact, there was no 1
other way of reaching him. The young
of officer held his sword ready for use, in
hi8 case the crocodile, close to which he a
as would be obliged to pass, should ven
he ture to attack him.
-al Ralph, however, kept his eyes fas- 1
el, tened upon the crocodile.
L The monster turned its head when
he was near it and snapped at hi m. t
He avoided it by stepping sideways;
ed then he commenced to strike and t
it- thrust vigorously at its jaws with his c
m sword. It retreated a few yards but c
broke his blade in two with its teeth
he as it twisted its body around. Think- I
k, ing it would leave him, Ralph sprang a
3n to the rook. Just then little Frank, r
L1l recovering his senses, gave a slight n
of cry and fell from the lodge above. t
The young officer saw him in time to b
catch him in his arms. As he turned e
ka to convey him to the cutter, he per- t
eC ceived that the crocodile, now he- c
Ic tween him and the boat, with open n
Te jaws, was prepared to renew the at- s
- tack. b
se He set his confused brother upon his
feet in the shallow water, and draw- t,
be ing the single-barrelled navy pistol a
ae which he carried in his belt, he fired a
d at the creature's big, yawning mouth. t,
g But, owing to the animal's sheering a r
o little to seize the boy, now on one side r,
n of his protector, it received the shot or .c
Le the edge of Its jaw.
Twisting itself away from the twain, b
i? it commenced, as if in blended rage ne
i- and pain, to thrash the shallows with
r, its hard, bony tail.
eo As Ralph was conveying his brother e;
past the reptile, toward the boat, his h
Lt left ankle caught between two small «
e under-water rocks, and was temporari- w
h ly sprained.
o "Never mind," said Frank, as the al
hurt youth dragged himself along tc
with difficulty, "I am now able to a,
a, walk. You need hot carry me. I will at
a help you." ii
1 He disengaged himself from Ralph's ti
a arms, seized his hand and tried to as- si
a sist him. The crocodile had turned by of
this time toward the two, for another _
attack. But they were now within a
yard of the cutter, and though suffer
t ing excruciating pain, the young ofli
cer caught up his brother's light forni
and tossed him into the boat. The
I crocodile was close to Ralph, but he
contrived to escape it with a forward
movement and to roll himself across the
a gunwale of the cutter. He went over
on his back, with his head on the
f edge of the bow. While he was try
1 ing to turn and right himself, which
his sprain would hinder his doing
quickly, the hideous open jaws of the
monster appeared over the bow. They
were very near the head of the pros
trate youth. He would not be able to
move it in time to elude those horri
ble fangs. But at this critical mo
ment his young brother, who had no
ticed that the crocodile's jaws were on
a line with the swivel, sprang forward
with ready decision and discharged
the piece.
Never was a shot more effective. It ha
plowed its way nearly through the full tea
length of the huge reptile's body, kill. th
ing the animal almost instantly. Ralph Ti
praised his brother for the quick judg- go
ment and swift action which had thus
been the means of saving him from a
terrible fate.
In fact, the presence of mind and are
promptitude shown by the little fellow is 1
on this occasion won the admiration so
and applause of all the seamen aboard be
the ship, when, in time, it was made na
known to them. fre
Not long after the gun had been one
fired, the rising of the tide floated the «I
cutter clear of the sandbank, en- cre
abling Ralph, with Frank's assist- mi
ance, to get back to the landing-place ma
fronting the hut, where some of the tha
sailors who had returned from their me
vain search for the lad joyfully hailed fat
his appearance. Frank's explanations the
about the canoe, as well as of his situ- ne,
ation on the rock, verified his broth- rai
er's previous conjectures on the sub- .cC
ject. The btys had gone to the canoe
to convey it -to the cutter, had been
pursued by the crocodile, and by vig- '
orous paddling had reached the water rep
cavern. So close to him then was the in
reptile that, as he sprang out of the fro
canoe to climb the tree, the jaws of g
the monster closed over the frail ves it i
eel, partly crnshing it. Bottom up, egj
and with Frank's cap, which had son
fallen from his head, caught on the fer
broken wood, the little craft had bee
drifted off with the current, to be an
afterward. found by Ralph as de- sol
seribed-Ruths Hall. in N. Y. Ledger. ma
seeme Names wNet Allowa&s. rem
A wc*akin ga nof Dresden lately it
proposed- to rgista- s new-born ch.:d ha
ar-Robesjieir~ Da The registrur uc
declined to pu t. ast o revolutionary the
a ame, and the fater refused to reg
ste- the child at al, except lby nuni -
eii~'zthe-•vorki wet asin.:.d, nr. the
Jao
FARM AND GARDEN.
hde ROAD CONSTRUCTION.
test some Valueble Advise from a Progressive
him Ohio Warmer.
s of I have had a great deal of experience
aba- in building roads with the modern
was road machine, and my experience is
was, that a very wide roadway and a com
e, in paratively level road. with shallow
he ditches at the sides, with just crown 1
his enough to carry off the water after
heavy rains, will keep in shape longer
the and not .rut as badly. as a very hlrlih
co- crowned, narrow pike. A great mis
fa- take in building and maintaining earth
nks roads is in putting too much earth in
:ing the road and disturbing soil that
ock should not be disturbed: but very lit
the tle should be taken from the sides to
hus the center to make a good road, and
his in a level country, the driveway should 1
be as wide as possible after leaving,
ling say, five or six feet outside the side I
the ditches next to the fence for a side- I
it, walk. Those lawns or sidewalks on
god each side of the roadway, should not
Iph be wide enough to drive on and rut
ard them in muddy weather. If one will 1
nro- notice in driving through the country, I
en- he will find where earth roads are nar
to row, high-crowned pikes, and the t
no travel is confined to one or two tracks a
Ing only, that they are badly rutted in soft
in weather, and rough and very unpleas- .
hp ant to drive over at any time.
en- I have often observed that where a
road is laid out 00 feet wide, there will
as- be 15 or 20 feet next to the fences
grown up to weeds and brush, and a
LeO narrow, high-crowned pike in the cen
ter about 15 to 20 feet wide with very
YsE deep ditches at the sides, so deep that
nd they stand half full of water which
his does not drain out through the nat
mt ural water courses. The result with
lth such a road is that the water perco
ik- lates through the roadbed, softens it,
ng and causes it to rut deeply. Such a
ik, road coats much more to build and to
ht maintain than a wide and compara
re. tively level road. \Vhere roads are
to built in this way, they should be wid- 2
ed ened, and the side ditches put nearer
ar- the fences with the modern road ma
e- chine. The way to do this, is to com
en mence at the outside, as I have de- it
It' scribed, fill up the old ditches, and re
build the road.
die The greatest drawback to our coun
-` try is our public highways. It costs
oi more to haul 1,000 bushels of wheat 10 th
ed miles over a mud road, than it does to th
I]. transport the samne from Chicago to hi
a NewYork, over the most expensive rail- i
ci road in the country. Our state prisons, gi
'e courthouses, jails and infirmaries, our of
school houses and bridges, have been
no built and maintained; but our country
e roads have been sadly neglected. \Vhat r,
we want now is money to improve our
public highways, and a revision of our
er existing road laws, whereby we can
is have 'a superintendent of highways ag
ll whose duty it is to attend to the roads p
'i' when they should be, and proper tools til
to keep them in shape. Every town- "C
2e ship should be provided with from two an
ig to four reversible road machines, and $r
to at least one heavy roller. If there is a th
11 stone quarry in the township, either by
limestone, granite or sandstone, or if fe
L's there are plenty of bowlders, there th
- should be a rock crusher, and a piece do
.Y of stone road should be built each year. op
r -J. D. Olcott, in Rural New Yorker. cu
at
r ARE YOU WVITH THEM?
arn
the
tr
od me
e rbu
erg
we
pal
Sme
ve;
· . ho]
d ly
The League of American Wheelmen firs
t has decided' to enter politics in the in- ope
1 terest of good roads and to prevent net
o- the enactment of discriminatory laws. bet
h The picture shows why the boys want wil
good roads, to
Why Some Calves Sicken. not
Calves stour and die because they not
I are overfed while young. Prevention ins
v is better than cure and no medicine is
n so good for a sick calf as abstinence Tho
I before he becomes sick. A calf in his Thi
Snatural state sucks the cow and has A
frequent access to her udder, never at b
f one time getting a large quantity.
S hen fed only twice per day the little rt]
Screature is so hungry he gorges, if per- m
Smitted, and his stomach, not being far
· mature and strong, rebels, throwing unt
Sthe load into the bowels, there to fer
r ment and cause trouble. If those who
Sfatten calves would but bear in mind
Ssthe truth that only a small meal is T
Sneeded by a young calf they could eve:
raise more and never be troubled by G
r scours.-H. Sage, in Farm and Hlome. co
but
New Enemy to b rape L'nes ow
The Kentucky experiment station T
reports a new enemy to the grape vine "hij
in some small grubs that eat the bark she
from grape roots. By keeping these less
grubs intil they undergo their change, T
it is found that they are produced by thai
eggs laid by a small brown beetle, qua:
something like the rose bug, but ditf ter,
fering from that pest. This beetle has ores
been nzoticed to feed on grape leaves, Al
and experimentshows that Panisgreen nice
solutions will poison them. The grubs roa
may be killed by putting bisulphide of it ~
carbon around the stem of the grape, him
removing the earth, and then replacing Bi
it over the bisulphide. W~e have not
heard of this enemy except from Ken- will
tucky. but grape growers should be on inve
the lookout for it. mon
- ter
Roa.e like a rich clay soil, and well- of a:
rotted manare is the best fertiizer for bcos
them. for
Don
(loon blood must be the sta]tting been
point for prbfitable posis k oistan. colt
THROWING A BULL.
A l)a That Els Been used with Smeesme
in Enisand.
A good method of casting a bull, in
* order to get at his feet for trimming
or other purposes, is given by Mr. Cle
cee ment Stevenson, of Newcastle-on,
rrn Tyne, England, the successful breeder
is of Polled Anrus cattle, in the Journal
m- of the Royal Agricultural society of
ow England. A similar plan has been
'vn used by Ayrshire breeders near Mont
ter real. haviu- been introduced by Dr.
ger IcEachran. The throwing is done
tirli quickly. easily and safely. The ac
colnpanying cut shows how the ropes
rth are adjusted.
in The plan is as follows: Put a halter
at on. Take a sound ordinary cart rope;
it- make a loop at one end and pass it over
to the head and let it rest close around
id the neck, low down like a collar; brang
i'd the rope to the near side, pass it over
0g, the back part behindkthe, shoulders,
de bring it underneath the chest,. and
de- pass it under and then above the rope
on so as to make a loop around the chests
ot carry the rope back, pass it over the
ut loins, and' bring it underneath the
ill belly, close to the flanks; make another
ry, loop as before, and carry the rope
ar- straight behind the animal; tighten up
he the loops, one close to the elbows, the
ks other close to the hind flanks.
ft All being ready, instruct the man
as- who holds the halter shank to pull for
ward, and, at the same time, the men
es a
la * -d
ýn
ry
at
it,
to HOW THE ROPES ABE ADJUSTED.
L who have hold of the loose end of the t
re rope to pull straight backward, and
Sdown the animal goes, generally with
`r out a struggle. Keep his head down -
a- and the rope firm, and, as a rule, the
Sanimnal lies quietly until such a time as
Sit is desired that he should get up. a
e- when the rope is slackened and up he C
gets, none the worse for the casting. o
SThe heaviest bull may be cast in this i
sway; but, of course, no one should o
0 think of casting cows in calf, either in i
o this way or in any other. Those who d
have experienced trouble in the past w
in trimming their bulls' feet will n
greatly appreciate this novel method oc
r of casting for that purpose.
y STARTING A CREAMERY.
N-one But IIllk-Producers Should Be Al- t
lowed to Hold Stock. It
i Notwithstanding the numerous H
n warnings that have appeared in the e0
s agricultural and daily press during the I
s past year, the "creamery shark" con- w
tinues to reap his harvest. The term "
"creamery shark" has been earned by to
and is applied to the individual, or u
d firm, who goes into a locality where t
the farmers are ignorant of the dairy fa
business, and by securing the help ofa a
few influential farmers-usually by tr
the distribution of a few hundreds of K
dollars-succeeds in organizing a co
r operative creamery company and se
cures a contract for putting in a plant 'j
at about twice what it is worth. pe
In some paper not long ago I saw an
article detailing the manner in which
the farmers of that locality had been -
swindled, as outline~d above. In com- lra
menting on it the editor said that the ha
business men of the town were will
ing to help the farmers build a cream- i1
ery by taking a "umber of shares each. th
While this shows enterprise on the cei
part of the business men, and is com- al
mendable, yet, strange as it may seem,
an action of this kind on their part as
very often endangers the success of a
the creamery. A cooperative cream
ery can attain its highess success only s,
when the members of the company are for
producers of milk. When the stock- Pit
holders invest their money purely as a b
speculation and are not patrons, the w
advantages of cooperation are partial- er
ly destroyed. tnh
An abundant supply of milk is the fo
first essential to the success of the co- ie
operative creamery, and one should its
never be started until a sufficient num- fri
ber of men who have milk to sell are
willing to invest the money required h
to build it. Hundreds of creameries
are now standing idle simply because Ihe
not milk enough can be secured to to
justify them in running. Hence, to f
insure a sufficient supply of milk every to
stockholder should be a producer of it. but
This is the true principle of coopera- the
tion. gus
As a rule, when the capital of the i
business men of a town goes into a co- pre
operative creamery, it is a detriment du
rather than a benefit. If enough re
money cannot be raised among the a
farmers, it is usually better to wait se
until it can.-Farm and Dairy.
DAIRY AND LIVE STOOK. se
'lmE milk of old cows will not work bil
evenly with that of young cows. ' on
Goon care is as important as good -
cows. The careless man will make 0
but a sorry living even with the best
cows. hey
THE big milker is usually a sensitive. r-y
S"high strung" piece of machinery. IU a
Sshe kicks don't meet it with blows un
less you wish to spoil her. m
THE observing housewife has learned not
that creamery prints don't keep their n
quality as well as "'private dairy" but- t
ter, if they do cost more. Let the r
creameries keep on improving. en
AFTrn getting the colt so he drives ob
nicely give him a daily task on the
road. If he be fed and left standing sug
it ought not to surprise you to have e
him cut up some disuagreeable prsnks.a
BREED is all right, but the cow which Gon
will produce the most butter from the vn
investment of a given amount of nu
money, is the best animal for the but- tha
ter maker. Because oertain families yea
of animals are most highly prized., is
because they have adistinctive faculty
for production along a certain lIte
Don't let pn individual of the herd ge
becausoe she is not of the fashionabk t
; - - -
SUGAR LEGISLATION.
, . ow ar epau.le a aws " aw e a ab.d the
in 'There has beem so much republieam nisrep
ýý resentation of the new sugar schedule and so
- much eort to confuse the public mind that it
Is no wonderthat some are surprised to and
oDn that the sugarsohedule of the tariff reform bill
ler isa distinct and emphatic triumph for tarifft
al reform. The best way to explain the sugar
tariff is to tell the story of sugar legslation.
There are three stages of sugar legislation
en the republican stage before the McKinley bill,
nt- the stage of the McKinley bill and the present
D,, new stage of the democratio tariff reform bill.
The sugas tariff before the McKinley bill was
on a so-called revenue tariff on all sugar coming
se- into the United States. It was a graduated
as scale of duties, rising with the quality or grade
of the sugar. The average duty was about 2%
cents per pound.
r These dutaes, while chiefly for revenue.
pe; acted as a very high protection to the Louisi
yer ana sugar growers, but that was popularly
ad supposed _tbe their only protective feature.
The ag no announcement in the bill that
nl there was any proteotion for the sugar re
ref iners. There was, however, hidden in that
re, schedule of graduated duties a practical pro
ud Section for the refiner. How much it amounted
to was not generally known. It was not public
aP property. It was probably one-half cent a
stl pound. But the protection was there. It was
he a part of the protective system of the repub
le loan party to protect refiners and sugar farm
era, So much for the first stage of the sugar
leg taril.
pe "Now comes the McKinley bill. The repub
p lican party, when it went into power after 18.S,
he found the government in the possession of a
very large revenue. It had a hundred millions
of dollars a year surplus. The republicans
an saw that that was a temptation to the people
r. and to their enemy, the democratio party, to
cut down the protective tarIff, because, as the
government had more money than it wanted.
it was perfectly natural that it should cut down
the taxes, and first of all the protective tariff
taxes. To remove that temptation and protect
protection the republicans then in power made
up their minds to wipe out the surplus first by
largely increasing the expenditures of the
governcmit by raising the expenditures to the
billion-dollar figure; but that they did not
think enough, so they also cut down the in
come of the government by cutting off the
revenue part of the tariff on sugar 856,000.000 a
year. They wanted to destroy the surplus and
create a deficit, and they actually turned a
surplus of flO0,000,000 into a deficit of
870,000,000 so as to remove the temptation of
the people to cut down protective taxes.
"But they did not want to injuro the protec
tive feature of the sugar schedule. They did
not want to take off the protection to the ro
liners. Mark, however, that the situation in
Sthe refining business had changed. We did not
n make much objection to this protective duty in C
* the old time, partly because most people knew n
nothing about it, and partly because at that e
time refining was free and the competition
. among refiners was very l;con end kept prices
down. But before the McKinley bill went into
operation that had been changed. The compe
tition had ceased, and the sugar trust had 8
risen up and made refining a practical monop- ,
Sely. The McKinley people wanted to give the
Strust a big protective duty on sugar, but they
did not want the government to get any rev
enue out of the sugar, and .thl consequence a
was that the McKinley bill arranged that all v11
iraw sugar coming into the country should
d come in iree, but no refined. sugar or sugar
that could compete with that produced by the 0
trust could come in free. It
"McKinley gave the trust the advantage of n
free raw material, then highly protected the O
trust's product. He gave the free sugar to the b
trusts and the protected sugar to the people.
Refined was taxed one-half a cent a pound and nd
one-tenth of a cent extra if it came from Ger- A
many or France, on the theory that those count
tries paid bounties to their sugargrowers. But
while this arrangement provided well for the
trust, the removal of the duties on raw sugars al
took away the protection of Louisiana sugar pi
growers. This led to that extraordinary feat- )B
are of the McKinley bill creating a bounty of
D two cents a pound on all sugar raised by the
farmers of Louisiana, Nebraskha,. California P]
and Vermont. It was the first bounty ever hi
created in America, and it will doubtless be tj
r the last. So that was the situation in the Mc
~Kinley bill. TheMcKinleybill made the sugar
tax a pure protective tax for the first time in it
the history of the country and created a boun- it
ty system. Sugar was now openly protected. b
There was a straight-out duty of a hall cent
per pound on refined sugar.
"Now, how did the repubicans represent this
action to the people? They went before the
country with the cry of free sugar when they
had only made free the raw material of the
trust, and when they had given a protection of tu
half a cent or aix-tenths per pound, whioh the or
people had to pay. They sought to carry the
election of 1802 on the theory of free sugar when
for the first time in .the history of this country
they had made sugar an openly-protected arti- sa
cle, and that for the benefit of the sugar trust
alone. The reason the people were deceived
was their unwillingness to believe that a great PC
party would deliberateli deceive them by such
a statement, but that is what the republican nc
party did. They were aided in their deception
by the lower price of sugar. As two and one- c
half cents revenue duty had been taken off w]
sugar, of course the market price of sugar was be
lower, notwithstanding the fact that the pe- D
pie were taxed half a cent by McKinley for the
benefit of the trust.
"Now we come to the third stage of this bill w~
which we have just passed. The tariff reform- lic
era of congress want absolute free sugar, and iii
they will get it if the people vote for tariff re
form this fall. But they found the sugar trust in:
intrenched in the senate. Now what was it in- O1
trenched behind? It was intrenched behind in:
its old friends, the solid republican party, the HR
friends who had firt protected, and, therefore,
praetically created it, and a few protectionists
who call themselves democrats, but who by no 1o
tests that now prevail are democrats. in
"But did the tariff reformers fall? Were nll
they defeated? Not at all; by no means de
feated. The democrats were not able to get
free sugar this time, but they got a great deal an
more than the protectionist majority wanted hit
to give. They did not destroy the sugar trust, Ch
but they hold the battlefield themselves, and
the eosential difference between the McKinley -
sugar tariff and the new sugar tariff is just de:
this: The McKinley tariff gives the sugar ha
trust half a cent protection. That half a cent
protection of the McKinley bill has been re
duced to about three-tenths of a cent by the ch
new bill The protective duty of the Moin- stc
ley bill has been reduced one-third in our bill. ,e
That Ist what we got by fighting Wee did not
got the whole of out demand any more than we
got free iron ore or free coal, but we reduced iul
iron ore from seventy-fve to forty, coal from We
serventy-five to forty, and we reduced sugar
from fity to thirty.
"The protectionists also included in the new oU;
bill a revenue duty of 40 per cent. on raw sugar in
on the avowed ground that the government du
needed the money In addQion to the proceeds bce
of the inoome tax, but really to restore to our
sugar armners half of the protection that was
cut off by the democratic repeal of the MertIn
ly bounties When the seoretary of the tress- tia
ry said at the last moment thst this revenue we
dnuty was absolutely necessary the mouths of dul
tarfl refermers wereclosed, but either some
other revenue mnt$ be ound or expenditures ee
must beens down, for the tarif reformers will at
not, be conte untuPtl lasu r is ade wholly ree. m
The protectisn of the trusts Is now arrived at
inthiaway: ISis 0percent. of the average di?
erenmoe betweenraw and relued sugars abroad,.
tr he cost of manuacture, wich as s or 4 l o
cents a hundred pounds, and the one-eighth th
cent differental. I called is 0 cents. it may
e 1 Or cents more.
"That is the story of sugar. Itis la isct that
sugar has not advanced amlce the new tarli to
went into eolsc. It reahed aLn extremely lowm
point last sring sad early this.summer and is
a cent higher now than the lowest poinat, and
doubtlesa a comiserable pertion o that ad- W
vance was due to the •aticpation of the rve- if
nue feature of the new schedule, though acot sf
all of It by any means. Aad it s nothe fact
that sucar.ie selling at tet now thMen it was po
year ago under the MoKiley hbll."-.WraPalil tl
Ma~oVoegh's Speeh as Jersaylle I. mo
- It is to be hopedS hat the labor th
vote will not lose eight of Use fteea tht M
the repuab icup pi.bs I. tIt ag u. of
M'IKINLEY'S BRASS `
the :hme Ocase . r -"
wn. •ai. a e.. K .-..
Gov. McKinley, in hisaddsessat - .
Sor, recited the old storyof thebqg~ e
as on of business, which oceurredwMhie
bin his tariff law was in florce na -
iris to give way as soon as It w:as
gar He attributed the.d epeseson *4to i
oa democrats, because they wee 1 in
nj, power, but not to his bill, beenae: it
ens was in force. Well, thedemoneearep
> still in power, but the MoKiE~ieybhfir 
no longer in force, and times re-. si
tea proving.
soe But, Gov. MeKinley says the lsaw
Stariff bill was "traded through," saw
that this ought to eoedema t.= a ledi
L.- Well, let us apply this a little taurther 
rly How did the MeKanley bill iat
.through? Was there aetradiagamet
that?
at The trading began before -the PIt ;
ro- frst congress was elected. Inl the dirl
Lea days of the campaign of 1888, he
c trusts and combinations interestedain
ras protection, the rich manufacturing
eb- corporations that had been the, ehset
m- beneficiaries of protection according
r to the .admission of high republican
,b- authority, were a4vised that the day
5a. of fat-frying had arrived. They heard
the agonizing apeal: "Help eash us' .
Sor we sink!" They put up the mo ey
pie to buy a presidenoy and -a house of
to representatives, with the understand- '
he ing that the taxing power of the gov
ernment was tobe turned over to them
in to do with as they pleased.
,ot More trades. however, were needed.
a The gentlemen up in Vermont, who
y make maple sugar out of some sort of
he combination of vegetable juices and
ot chemicals, concluded that they would
n- like to be paid by the government for
he conducting their business. They .ad
ad an advocate in the senate, and- they
a got what they wanted, though Mr.
of Blaine would not believe it when he
o first heard of it. The bill was in this
C_ way traded through.
Ia This instanoe, however, and many
o- similar ones that might be named was
n a trifle compared to the trade made
over the Sherman law. The silver
« mine senators held the balance of pow
it er on the republican side. They noti
fn fled their fellow-republicans in the
o senate that the Shernan law, provid
ing for the purchase of an amount of
,a silver substantially equal to the Amer
ioan product, was the very least that
they would accept as their share of the
booty. These men were not in the
o senate for their health, or with any
i view of promoting the public good.
d They were there for promoting their
own interests, and they let it be~
known that the MoKinley bill couald
tr not pass unless silver was taken care
e of,and they had their will. The Sherman
5 bill, in connection with other .repub
a lican legislation, brought on the panl
All the republicans, except the free
silver men, said so in the spring and
early summer of 1898, when they were
anxious for the repeal of the silTvev
purchase clause. -In other words Gov.
McKinley traded his bill through, and
brought on the panio. That is too
plain for argument, and yet he has the
hardihood to attribute the panic to
the democrats, and to say that the new
tariff law is to be condemned because
it was "traded through." Atall events.
it was not put through by a trade which
brought on a panic.-Louisville-Coa
rier Journal
OPINIONS AND POINTERS.
-The croakers can't stop the re
turn of good times. lven the reok
ers will be singing Jubilee songs soon.
-Atlanta Journal.
-It is a signifcant fact that the
so-called "protected" industries of our
country are the ones which pay the
poorest wages.-Albany Argus.
-While democrats are being de
nounced by republican claquers be
cause wheat dropped to fifty cents,
why is the same party not given credit
because corn went up to sixty cents?
Detroit Free Press.
-It will be interesting to discover
which vicious combination the repub
licans prefer personified in a presiden
tial candidate-Reed czarism strongly
infused with McKinley protectionism,
or McKinley protectionism strongly
infused with Reed czarism.-Chicago
Herald.
- The republican papers will exult
for a week or so now over "the victory _.
in Maine." Tom Reed would have ex
ulted more if McKinley had not been
imported by Joe Manley to make that
ante-election speech whioh will entitle
him to claim a share in the results.
Chicago Times.
--The wholesale crockery and glass
dealers announce that their business
has greatly increased since the pas
china, porcelain, earthenware and
stoneware has been very high, and its
reduction has stimulated trade. Re
tail dealers and householders am fill
ing up their depleted stocks.-N. Y.
World.
--The building trade everywhere
ought to realize great benefits from free
lunmber. The senate bill removes the -
duties on logs, hewn and sawed tim- j
her, squared timber, sawed boardb and
plank, clapboards, hubs, laths, shin
gles and stares-in short, subsetan
tialy everything in the bMcKinley-.,
wood schedule except furniture, the
duty upon which is reduced to 2 pr 
cent. The value of the imports ofthese
articles now placed on the free 14'
was $10,000,000 in 1803, and 81,148,00
wus paid in duties.-Boston BetalL "
-A repaublican .organ whih
long insisted that th9 fo~bpeler
the taiff tax.sage that ",as
erously relieved our forelig
from paying ahy taxes.f
to sell their~produets in the-
market. The tzes they hut
paid will be colecte c~reaud
whest sugar," eTtbh. frla
porary tht at
that "on arti4,eaes
t~h e.~i