THE GAZETTE. All t
$. PerYearhave be
Suls'ription Price, : to, Per Year
to make
Razors at Biossat's. which i
J. Hilderbrani, foreman of the*W. Phil
Algiers car shops, was heze Wed- supervi
nesday. new r
Mrs. M. Marsh, who has been commn
visiting her daughter, Mrs. J. E.
Parker, has left for her home in Ther
Mobile, Ala. znorroi
Mrs. Sidney Bouchard and chil- races
dren left to visit Thursday relatives of the
at Houston. round
All styles of spectacles and eye- the tra
glasses at Biossat's. at zo a
Miss Inez Rushing, of Alexan- Whi
dria, is the guest of her sister, Mrs. easy p;
'T. M. Biossat. store.
Aby Demanade leaves Sunday to F.
attend school at New Orleans. Texas
Ed. Higginbotham is out after a New
long and serious spell of typhoid receive
fever.
S. R. Parkerson, of the Peoples visitin
Bank, went to Royville Monday.
Mrs. Frank Hopkins returned to ou'll
her home in Opelousas Tuesday af- Moss
ter a visit of several days among Mis
relatives in Lafayette. Washi
Miss Annie Hopkins, who was on count
a visit to friends in Opelousas, re- grand
turned home Wednesday. MiN
Guidi
Misses Heloise Olivier and Claire C. M
Labbe, of St. Martin parish, were Wa
visitors in Lafayette this week. paires
Emanuel Pellerin, the ever oblig- satisf
ing clerk at Jno. O. Mouton's, left As
Tuesday evening for Galveston,
where he will enjoy a much needed `The
rest. appes
Nice table butter 30 cents a playi
pound at Moss Bros. & Co's. Our
Miss Fannie Randolph, of New can t
Orleans, is a guest at the home of is no
Mir. and Mrs. J. J. Davidson. redu
cond
The Business Men's Association
will hold a regular meeting Mon
day. will 1
Our genial friend, Louis Tapis- Ope:
sier, of Carencro, was at the ball at 4,
Falk's Opera House last Saturday. tend
Call at Mrs. Jno. O. Mouton's pres
millinery store if you wish anything the:
in the latest styles at hard-time
figures.
the
The several committees have Har
been busy making arrangements for says
the reception and entertainment of era
the delegates to the W. C. T. U. lead
convention which will be held here the
on the 4th instant. her<
Pocket knives at Biossat's. ove
edy
Miss Daisy Mouton returned sale
home Monday from Carencro.
Mrs. Florence Peloquin, who has Fri,
been visiting her sister, Mrs. Bou- son
chard, returned to Houston Thurs- son
day. pos
Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Hannen vis- Pa
ited friends in New Iberia Saturday. phe
O. Blanchet, of Royville, was in Sin
h
Lafayette Saturday. T
fric
Misses Mercedes Broussard, leg
Marie and Mary Mouton will leave col
Monday to attend school at the wh
Sacred Heart convent, Grand Co- w
teau.
All styles of race-horse watches the
at Biossat's.
Mr. and Mrs. Alfred Hebert and
family returned home Friday from w
Grand Cheniere where they had ar
been on an extended visit to rela- th
tives. cc
There's no skimping of cloth in
the BUCKSKIN BREECHES. No a
binding or ripping because they are cc
cut right. Good Jeans was
never used in better working pants.
They won't wear forever, but they'll
come nearer to it than any pants T
that money will buy. w
Lewis L. Bourges, of Abbeville,
has announced his candidacy for
office of district attorney of this F
district.
Miss Cecile Fortune won the
medal at the contest at Berwick last
Friday night, the program of which
we published last week.--Morgan
City Independent.
Miss I.ucie Judice entertained a
number of her young friends Tues
day evening.
Miss Virginia Iebert gave a very
enjoyable party to a number of
young folks Tuesday evening.
Misses Nita and Ruby Scranton
and Birdie Palmer, accomnpanied by I
Mr. J. R. Domengeaux, came from
Royville Monday and spent the dayI
in Lafayette.
We omnitted to mention in our
la~st issue the opening on Sept. 2, of
t;,.e .school of the Mount Cannel
C'inv'ent. \Ve hope thi. excellent
schliool will begin the session with a
good attendance.
All the old shanties on the lots
recently bought by Mouton & Salles The
have been demolished and removed ceived
to make room for the new building which
which it is proposed to erect. E. oranch
W. Phillips, of New Iberia, will Jacksoi
supervise the construction of the and kil
new structure, which, we learn, will the atte
be one of the handsomest and most drop b
commodious in Lafayette. he fell
or co
There will be an excursion to- was a
morrow, from this place to Opelousas and lii
where will take place some bicycle is learn
races by the champion wheelmen port of
of the State. The fare for the p
round trip will be one dollar and tunate
the train will leave the depot here Opelon
at Io a. m. About
White Sewing Machine sold on who w
easy payments at Biossat's jewelry promi
store. Broth(
F. V. Mouton, agent of the which
Texas and Pacific at P'laquemines, the be
was in Lafayette. ial.
New stock of curtain poles just be pa
received at Moss Bros. & Co's. by th
amou
Mr. and Mrs. Rosenfield were
visiting New Iberia Sunday. Mr.
public
If you need a pair of new shoes says:
you'll find all styles and prices at Pain
Moss Bros. & Co's. celler
Miss Lorena Marsh was called to sligLha
Washington last Saturday on ac- sprai
count of the serious illness of her rheun
grandmother. lain's
Misses Haydee Trahan and Isaure ed an
Guidry were the guests of Dr. Geo. most
e C. Mouton at Rayne this week. time
SFor s
Watches, Clocks and Jewelry re
paired by Biossat. Always gives Tb
satisfaction. Roug
A special from Carencro to The w
Times-Democrat of Aug. 29 says: deho
,"The cotton caterpillar has made its appo
appearance in this section, and is only
a playing havoc with the cotton. of t
Our farmers are doing the best they ans
"rec
w can to protect the ciop, but there they
of is no doubt that it will be greatly nish(
reduced. Cane and rice are in fine boys
condition." Lafa
nU W. C. T. U. Convention. ot
The members of the W. C. T. U. of tl
will hold a convention at Falk's stan
Opera House in Lafayette, on Sept. carl
at 4, 5, and 6. An invitation is ex- not
' tended to the general pub;ic to be to t
a's present. There will be lectures on cloy
ng the subject of temperance.
"''It is the best patent medicine in teif
the world" is what Mrs. L. M. idle
e I Hartman, of Marquam, Oregon, spit
for says of Chamberlain's Colic, Chol- tin.
of era and I)iarrhoett Remedy. ''Vhat ch
U. leads me to make this assertion is
the fact that dysentery in its L
worst form was prevalant around gla
here last summer and it never took
over two or three doses of that rem
edy to affect a complete cure." For po
Wed sale by all druggists. ,:3
:ro. -
We were pleased to receive a call p.
has Friday morning from O. H. Simp
ou- son, of New Orleans. Mr. Simp
irs- son,.though holding an important
position in the U. S. mint, devotes est
vis- part of his time to the study and a g
lay. practice of law, being a member of
the firm of Hennessy, Neuhauser & thi
s in Simpson, 139 Carondelet street. Th
The Gazette predicts for its young
friend a successful career in the 61
ard, legal profession. He has always of
!ave come out i'ith marked distinction H
the while at college and we bespeak for to
him a continuation of the success
which has attended him in the past. wl
A limited number of copies of
ches the Railway Times, published by sU
the famous labor leader, E. V.
Debs, containing twelve pages with c
and fine illustrations, a picture of I-I
from Woodstock jail, the prisoners, and
had articles on the burning questions of
rela- the day by prominent labor writers,
and a list ot all the telegrams re
ceived by the president of the A. a
th in . U. on labor day, will be on sale
No at Moss Bros. & Co's.. at 5 cents a
yare copy. k
was District Court. h
Jenysl Judge Allen adjourned court last
pants Tuesday. The following business x
was transacted: '1
Aille, ug. Degrez vs. A. MIouton. Dis
missed at plaintiff's cost.
y for Ozite Mouton, wife, etc. vs. I
this Frank Williams; continued.
C. C. Brown vs. J.D. Breaux;
dismissed at cost of plaintiff.
the Berkson Bros. vs. Ralph Duhon;
k last judgment for plaintiffs.
which Lazarus Levy vs. F. Bourge; dis,
oran missed at cost of plaintiff.
Leopold Levy vs. Mi. Moniture,
judgment for plaintiff.
ined a Eli McDaniel vs. Alphonse Peck I
Tues- et al., appeal from Justice court,
dismissed at cost of defendant.
J. 'r. Dowdell vs. Gus. A. Breaux
a very et al., exception over-ruled.
er of State of I.ouisiana vs. Chas. Hecr
nandez et al., fined, submitted andl
taken under atdvisement.
ranto Auguste D)egrez vs. is A.
ied by I Breaux. judgment for plaiiitif, for
fromi 477.58. Appealed to 3rd Circuit
from Court at Lafayette on the iirat l 'ies
he day day of November next.
Armand iBacqte vs. (;us A.
lBreauix, taken under ntlviserent.
in our Succession of C. ,Numa lauilry,
4. 2, of 1 judgment, closing; estate aanI dli,
Canel charging administrator.
scellent i You can alw.-ys get 20:uc of tho .
with a nice soda crack.rs at 31. L Uo.. *:
Co's.
Iailroad Accident. thie progi
The railroad men at this place re- tainment
ceived the news of a sad accident with mu(
which happened on the Midland praise u
branch Wednesday. Clarence popular
Jackson, a brakeman, was run over
and killed. It seems that while in The days .
the attempt to couple a car with the i poule C
drop bar in front of a locomotive The .ord
he fell and was killed by the pilot Division d
or cow-catcher. Young Jackson Landi
was a most estimable young man Evening I'i
and his death is doubly sad when it La cigale
is learned that he was the main sup- Leon
port of a widowed mother living at Abricotici
Crowley. The body of the unfor- Mr. Nobo
tunate young man was taken to La mere l
Opelousas Thursday for burial. gele
About four months ago, Jackson, Les jours
who was regarded as a bright and WVork wh
promising youth, joined the La Greno
Brotherhood of Railroad Trainmen, The rat...
which association took charge of Cheerfuir
the body and attended to the bur- Le enaur
ial. Twelve hundred dollars will God mad
t be paid to the deceased's mother Mother a
by the brotherhood, this being the Oliv
amount of insurance. Les petit
e MIy dear
Mr. C. G. Strong, principal of the Les moan
public s'chools at Anderson, Cal., Young s,
s says: "I have used Chamberlain's Iarry's
Lt Pain Balm and have found it an ex- et J1
cellent remedy for lameness and Spelling
slight wounds." Ern
Lameness usually results from a A talk t<
r sprain, or other injury, or from
rheumatism, for which Chamber
lain's Pain Balm is especially intend- r
re ed and unequalled. It affords al- was in
. most immediate relief and in a short Mis
time effects a permanent cure. ley a f
For sale by all druggists.
e Mr.
Not Boasting.
The Pilette boys will go to Butte saloon
Rouge, Vermilon parish, to-morrow cently
ie with a fixed determination and ar- beau.
. dent desire of achieving additional renov:
s honors That they will not be dis- It not
ts appointed is an assured fact, the
is only thing in doubt being the size ance.
n. of the victory. The Butte Rouge- Met
ey ans will realize that they have Robei
re "reckoned without their host" when Opelo
they undertook to pluck the untar
tly nished laurels won by the Pilette The
ne boys in many hard-fought battles.- ing ve
Lafayette Gazette. very i
Tree game above referred to was leathe
. not played last Sunday on account to fill
of the had weather; but we under
k's stand that it will come off at an torily
pt. early date. Brother Mouton should Re
'x- not crow too much-he may want Brids
be to take it back when the "Red Hill" 4Fathe
club gets through with the "Pilette
on bloys."-tvcrmilion Star. it
To prove to our esteemed con- a cot
in temporary that the above is no, sary
M. idle boast, The Gazette will, de- strue
on, spite its innate scruples against bet- grorm
iol- ting, risk a box of Cotton l;x- the \
hat changes on the Pilette boys. b l
a is- -
its Delicious root beer at 5 cents a
end P cays
ind glass at the Moss Pharmacy. tays
ook° capa
em- Dr. Irion's Dental Parlors, over . onm
For post office, are always open from hant
3:30 a. m. to I:3o p. m. and 3 to 5 MI
call p. inm. atta
pi- Death of a (iootd ,Citizn. sper
mti Mr. Jean Gerac, one of the old- frie:
otes est business imen of Lafayette and
and a gentleman highly esteemed by the ing
r of people among whom he spent over the
. thirty years of his life, died here first
)ung Thursday afternoon at the age ot per
the 6x years. Mr. Gerac was a native dve
says of Sauve Terre, Departement de la 1
:tion Haute Garonne,France, but he came
to America and settled in Lafayette guwa
past. when a young man. For over a fan
quarter of a century he has been a
a of successful merchant of the town,
V. having always been prominently ant
with connected with its industrial life. at
of He was a kind, charitable man, the
and and his death will cause much sor- the
Srow to many people. His burial ob
s re- Friday afternoon was very largely
c A. attended. b
sale School Picnic. e
t I'rof. Chas. Boudreaux, the well- A.
known school teacher, made the
hearts of the little ones under his ra
t last care happy last Wednesday by giv- IB
siness ing a picnic at Mouton's bridge. i
The parents of the pupils were si
Dis- thene and also their grown sisters m
. vs. and brothers had availed tnemselves
Svs of the opportunity to spend the day hl
reaux; under the unbrageous oaks on the d:
banks of the Vermilion. Aside ai
luhon; from the many good things to eat pi
; dis, and the old conventional games,
without which a picnic would not ,.
aiture, be a picnics those present were st
ktreated to some brief speeches b
Peck and a few very charming n
cort, songs, to say nothing of thle cnte,- a
Breaux tainment by the pupils of Prof.
B oudreaux. Superintendent Toll
. Ier- I spoke in l.nglish and Messrs. JU-ii
hd andllian MIouton antd Edward \1-orhiL. f
Is A. addressed the amseiubly in tle
tiff, for ireinich langu age. 'lilTe ..cct- ,
Circuit tloug s.hort, were int-resti;i-, Itet
STes- dyreceived with such ethuli.s t'-ati
.1 . lift 1n, dou'i )t ot tie profound iittr
ent. cst which all p:Cesent felt for t le
aulry, cause of pt-ic eclh.itlo . .ir.
tal dis' Iabcrge was callel upon and e
delighted li.3 hcarer-i with two
of th  e pretty .,ngs, rendered u ith ,th
the program of the children's enter- Sunday
tainment, which was carried out It sees
with much success, reflecting much brewing
praise upon the painstaking and strange
popular teacher. - Mr. F
"HE -iot>f . this wee
TFhe days of the week .......Joseph Mouton.
La poule oux ocufs d'or....Olivier Boudreaux. repairs -
Laine tie mouton...................nais Bernard. There
The Lord is nigh ................Andre Richard. rainy sj
Division du temps...Elmire Mouton, Elmuze effect oi
Landry, Philomene Boudreaux.
Evening Iymn ............ .........Onezime Cuidry. e
La cigale et la fourmie...........Olive Richard. some cc
Lightning-train ...............lice et Lea Dugas, will brit
Leonce Arcenaux. 'This fat
Abricotier..... ................. Azenais cuton. the e ta
Mr. Nobodee ...............Adolphe Boudreaux. thCarenst
La mere Mathurin... Idolie Malapart, An- cottoaren
gcle Mouton, Jean Boudreaux.
The voice of the grass........Pierre Bourgeois. Your
Les jours de la semaine....Pan.:race Malapart. thank T
Work while you work.......Ferrigus Richard. choice
La Grenoulle qui, etc.............Andre Richard. Couvill
The rat........Olive Richard, Alzide Richard. son wa!
f Cheerfulness..... ...........Adolphe BUoudreaux. disposi
Le Renard et le C(orbeau........ egina Arce- Quit
lueaux. tended
1 God made the little birds...... Saul Broussard.
r Mother and children........... Alzere Guidroz, nir.
e Olive Richard, Doremus Cormier. The A
Les petites filles....................Joseph Guidroz. Sunda:
My dear Puss......................Celestine Mouton. 1ýes
.e Les mouvements du serpent.... Alzere Guidroz. moved
1 Young soldier... ............. John Guidroz. Guilbe
'S Harry's riches .......Pierre Bourgeois, Aizire the So
L- et Joseph Guidroz.
.d Spelling and defining........Penot Arcencaux, leans,
Ernest Cormier, Adolphe Botdreaux. weeks
a A talk to my pupils...........The whole school.
ni Sun,
r Carencro News.
lIr. Bruce Martin, of Lafayette,
.1- was in Carencro last week. And
'rt Miss Sarah Brown was in Crow- next?
e. ley a few days since, visiting friends. Yot
Mr. F. Estilette has removed , his tion a
e saloon to the Bernard building 1e- Guilbt
,w cently vacated by Mr. G. H. Guil- at the
Lr- beau. Mr. Estilette had the place his sc
gal renovated, before he moved in. who v
is_ praise
he It now presents a very neat apptar- picnis
ze ance. that t
,e- Messrs. G. H. Guilbeau, W. A. a time
ve Robert and A. C. Guilbeau were in body
en day's
en Opelousas last Saturday. in ev
er- The "Carencro Tannery," is do
tte Ju<
- ing very well, and turning out a learn
very fine quality and assortment of Priol
ras leather. The tannery is now ready eveni
int to fill orders promptly and satisfac- born
er- years
an tormly. 1c
uld Rev. Father lorias, of Breaux the (
"nt Bridge, was the guest of Rev.
ill" Father Laforest a few days since. 
tte
Mr. A. C. Prejcan. will establish af::r
on- a cotton gin at Scott. 'The neces- fr'icn
no sary buildings are now under con- r
tic- struction and all machinery on the Verr
)et- ground. Mr. T. G. Chachere has dlty
Ex- the work in charge. 'the gin will M
u'- located near the railroad depot. toch
a Th'e Tl'cche railroad will in a few l-ihu
, days receive a number of large nice
callacity cars, which will place that
Oer colany in a better position for lady
on 1 handling thie cane crop this year. hosl
to 5 Mr. L. l.aberge, the popular ir.
attache of the Lafayette Advertiser, C
spent Saturday and Sunday with his ball
old- friends in Carencro. plal
and iMr. V. E. Dupuis one of our lead- thai
the ing sugar planters, informs us that and
over the cane crop in this vicinity, is laul
here first-class, and the tonnage yield
of per acre, will show a large increase Yo
ative over last season. goc
e la MIr. L. Duplex, of Natchitoches, I
ame was in Carencro last Friday the
yette guest of Mr. Roinain Francez and da
rer a g
en a family.
wn, Remember that buggies, hacks bal
and saddle horses can be engaged
life. at Mr. Arcenaux's livery stable near no
man, the depot. This will relieve you of pr
sor- the necessity of borrowing from
turial obliging friends. ch
trgely Mr. Jasper Gall, the veteran lum- of
ber man of New Iberia, was in Car
encro last Sunday, the guest of Mr.
vell- A. C. Guilbeau and family. Is
Sthe Work has resumed on the Teche oh
r his railroad, which wtll be completed to th
giv- Breaux Britdge in a few days Thiis it
ridge. will prove a great ad\vantiage to ourI
were sister town, and give it rail com- i
sisters munication with all points.
selves Large quantities of Paris green (t
e day has been received here the last fe I
n the days, which shows that our farmers
Asidte are preparing for the cotton cater
to eat pillar should it prove troublesome. t
;ames, It might be well for our farmers
d not to know, that during the comining
were I season, Mr. I.ouis G. Stelley willi
eeches be the purchasing agent for L.eh
arming man, Stern & Co., of New Orleans,
ente,- and Mr. O. P. Guilbeau will rcpre
Prof. sent I). Roos & Sons of Opelousas,
t 'ioll while Messrs. 11. Crouclhet antd .\!
s. Ju- belt ;Guidry will as l:eretoforce buy
0,1rhie. " for J. 5foeyers & Co. of thle saim .e
StL1e place. It is believedl that thie Car
'cchS, nc') Sugar (Con:a'y aa, t' ' II:,
Sbci:tg ron Refincr:., \wiii be ai.e to ihanlle
I i ,t r- "Ih 're s te l .; to ,e n i t .int p ,ts) -
r t t e ti re av t :, ho i.t pi L e w'i t ,1
'.ir. 1 ,d for -,::atr ctine, although wt
and i l' t hudet-t tii ti;i:t a number of mill-;
i,  noe i,.o et ot ott t'.,: --: o'"f ~ ic''
Sunday for a trip to Mermentau.
It seems as if there is a tempest
brewing in the political pot. Some
strange rumors running around.
Mr. Felix Voorhies was in town
this week, attending to some needed
repairs at the Carencro Union Gin.
There is no doubt that the recent
rainy spell has had an injurious Co)\W
effect on the cotton crop.
We understand that owing to
some combine or other, cotton seed be cant
will bring a very low price this year. T he
This fact should he an incentive for comes
the establishment cf an oil mill in <e
Carencro or Lafayette, with the
cotton producers as stock-holders. (-. tt.
Your correspondent wishes to 1. \ot
thank Mr. P. O. Couvillon for a was ha
choice lot of juicy pears. Mr. the pa
Couvillon's crop of pears this sea- make
son was very successful, and he is receivI
disposing of them very readily. his nma
Quite a number of strange-s at- Mr.
tended the skating rink last Sunday. correc
fMr. H. A. Vander Cruyssen, of i 'Cher
The Advertiser, was in Carencro rumor
Sunday last. sugges
. Messrs. .;uilbeau & Son have re- Dr.
r. moved their store to Mr. A. C.
. Guilbeau's store building. opposite Flida:
ce the Southern Pacific depot. Mr.
Mr. George Tarot, of New Or- of Dlu
leans, is spending a couple of and r,
weeks with his mother in Carencro.
Sunday Law,
Prohibition, MIr. 1
Blue Laws, and cx
And what will our Saviors give us they sl
Snext? record
s. Your correspondent was unable an err,
is to avail himself of the k)ind invita- ctrrest
s tion extended by IProf. Adolphe t le'
e- Guilbeau, to attend the picnic given I Jne,'
i- at the Springs, by the children of at Bre
ce his school on Monday last. Those ,
n. who were present, are loud in their when
tr- praise of the manner in which the tancet
picnic was conducted; and it seems with.
that the old folks had just as good aat Blr
A. a time as the children did. Every- ,,Te-:
in body enjoyed themselves, and the Queec
day's outing was a complete success her fa
in every way. shade
1O- ,to rh
Just before going to press we toret
I charit
learned of the death of Mr. Edouard ly se.
of Priollaud which occurred yesterday 'Panti
ldy evening at 2:30 o'clock. He was crow!
ac- born at Angouleme, France, 70 letter
years ago. The funeral will take ,S,
place this evening at 4 o'clock at' sante
uxv the Catholic Church. By
Cv. --pro1
At Royville. nunil
Dr. N. D. Young is back home ihrs,
ish af.er a week's pleasant stay amongst , and
es- fricnds at Abbeville. sad
on- Mrr. Htilaire Broussard, of Bayou ao:
the Vermilion, was in Royville Satur- to o'
as day evening. cri
.ill \Mr. Louis DuIlcix, one of Natchi- LIt'.
, to ch's oldest residents, stpent thu,
few Thursday in Royville, a guest of his tie)
hoe:
irge niece, Mrs. G. V'. Scranton. care
hat Mliss Basset, a charming young gr
for lady from Hona, is enjoying tlhe ;so
hospitality of Royville, as a guest of tail
ular Mr. and Mrs. O. Tieriot. ,h
ser, Capt. O:leal Bernard of base- it
his ball fame, informs us that his club lIu'
played in hard luck this year, but p
ead- that next season his ishen will rally,
that and again wear the championship "I
is laurels of Southwest Louisiana. the
yield After a brief illness, Charliec it
rase Young is up and again enjoying La
good health.
ches, Ed. Primeaux and Jim Landry p'
the were prospecting in Lafayette Sun- be
and day.
Joe L.eblanc attended the l'elican
agcks ball Saturday night, and says the l'
;aged girls were prettier than ever. It's
near no use figuring; "Joe" knows a
ou of pretty girl when he sees her. f
fro Ic Messrs. J. O. lllanchet (Rts- si
child) and Mlr. Xavier St. Mar tn,
lInn- of 'Terrebone, were in I.afCYettc :i
Car- Thursday.
f Mr. What's all that :',barking" about ?
Is it that "'true" -and ''pureC" CrC
Tcche oles are arranging prclininarii s for
tedl to t ; great coming campl).ign? lI.ct
This it be on paper, as mLuch as ",u
° our plPease gentlement; but take ",lhero-i
com- Ikce's" advice aimi don't fight.
Born to--Mrs. Ovcy :;ais,'
green (twins) boy a nil girl; Mrs. Cyfro,.':1
t fe L.andry, a girl; Mrs. E. lobr,, a
trmers girl; Mrs. Ei. l'icjean, a girl.
cater- After a pleasant week's ;tay 'xith
:some. the ,Misrses Scianton, Mliss li,'u,
armers Palmer returned homse MInila, ac
oming comnpanieil by Miss Nit a Scira ,in.
y ille Miss Doucet, of L,afa.citte, i
ie visiting her sister, Mirs. J. . ri
mneaux.
repre
lousas, The Gazette's editorial of Aug.
dl Ali- -1, headled ,Not True" was i;itier
r c buy ejsting and we m;ay .it p.intcL.
s iami WVe are reliably in.f.,rued that ..H..
S Xar- fellow towsns:iiai, that staun.;
l !.tt.' for th'e 1 .e,- ,,at ·i · C.
t . rinhl iii;ke ,e ;Ic .:·-. ic
PEOPLES STATE BAI
CAPITAL, $25,000. ........ .. SURPLUS, $55,000
Does a GCeneraI B3anking Business.
C1h)\V GIRAR1), I'rs. JO)HIN -0 'O \ ) res. S. R . PARKERSON,Cashier.
be candidates for sheriff."
The A\Ilverti-;cr of Aut:. .-, Simn,
conIics ot and says: --I.
"\W\e are ihappy to, state that The
S(;az-tte's l.c,yvi-le correspnd-nt
su::ests the name of MIr. lil,.t)nd \Where,
1. Moo ut'o for sheriff. T Uis news e sever
WL as hailed\ with delight througho utacc,,,,,,t
the parish as 'Mr. Mouton wuiutt vertised:
make an ideal sheriff, and would ulgatcd
Sreceive the unitorsi support of been gro
his many friends." tt.it At
dIr. tl\-vertiser, be so kind as to No,-'
correct, as in the above case anl slov
f ''Cherokee" simply reported a court sit
' rumor, and did not at all make any blenu sl
suggestioins. sGiven
Dr. A. L. Dyer was in I.afayette i 's,.
eI ida-y.
MIr. and Mrs. Norbert Louviere,
of Duchamp, were visiting friends inIitec'
>f and relatives Sunday. C
CmnERoK':c. r
Front An Amateur. 1. >
Ir. Editor-The "faits et gestes" of queens
and ex-queens are of such importance that
Is they should be very carefully and correctly
recorded in order to be transmitted unalloy
ed to future generations. For these reaso:s
,le an error conmnitted by "Ex-Sport" in his ly '
a- correspondence to your estimable paper of ILon:r
the I7th inst. deserves to be rectified. tern Di
e T **The little Queen of the Turf, Bessie titlc:1i
Nn1 June," instead of "meeting her W\aterloo" I ha.'ve
of at Breaux Bridge, when she failed t., "dly the ftll
se away" from ,"Texas Henry" as stated by One
'"Ex-Sport," met it at Erath last spring, l3ahitwi
air when and where she was shamefully (is- Plantat
he tanced by the two horses she was conlpeting and wi
Ps with. It was afterwards, on the I Ith inst. Ileg.l I
od at Breaux Bridge, on her own "dung hill," propel:
and on the 17th inst. at Opelousas, that
Y l- "Texas Henry" met the defeated Ex- at the
he Queen and to the very great mortification of 'te'
ss ther faithful subjects sent her to her "St. a1rait
1-elena" where she is awaiting in the qptt
shades of obscurity for suite skilled trainer
we to retrieve her lost reputation, or for solie p.
I charitable horse to put an end to her xile
brd lby sending her to her Internal rest i the te
lay Pantheon or \Vestminister Abbey with other a
vas crowned heads, and have engraved in golden
70 I letters on her white marble tomb tile ilu
ake scription
t ,.ux grandes juments la patric reconnais- \h
sanc." in sai.
By the way, Mr. Editor, you r.nticl i ti
probabily '"What Gossip .Says in ti.,: r-t cq
nunmber of the Valley of Teche abi ot race aJ it
me horses etc. It is natritl that fltr Ilre.t u ni
Bridge friends feel so:u over thi" deft., t
tgnt wall hen to recent oL tr i i!c s i .. ... i'- court,
sad renicuii)rair'nce that once U'p'' a ti:. t n
another of their Ex-C)lue'n . an,'.'.m ' :n ni
woat ' sno vted ullnder'' ioid :o .tr r:li'ý:tel (i
tar- t: o! livit.n, and that the --invit , e : i:: low?"
wtas thi one to render hiner-ilt ' tl ,f I
crime of -"Ltce-l1agesti." i t-' caiy u .
-hi- atood that our Breaux lrilge broth'r:* , :t
S their sileitt against pour i'all." whi , al
tentt though not a king, is, tutwith..tan 1.u; 1
i they cant say" to the contraly, a v:'y -".1 ` .
hor.se who tnay one dla, if it.:y .:r.: not Soat
careful, give them m are n i'r rt.., t : i' :
'ung Sro far as the bragga:1ocio rlu -n.rk that
th;e some Lafayette sportsme:n ar --fr. i" 1t
tackle thli Ex-Queen etc. i.; c eJ,:,:rrl.- it i ' t
st of q ite vise that our f:rii nd. , ,ic :sti ir .
"horn tlowin'g" for it is hartly to b, p
-port sn.'A . u
Ship roteitiors to Ganme thl d ilot llry'. ..
sh 1 he undiersigned t'will pay S3o0 bounty to hi}:.
the tnersonis s king the high s. -t ini r o r` , t
arlit points by killing predatot y ani:r . 1- .1n: ":i
birds of prey in the parish of L.;.u tl:r, .
ying La., before the ist day of j.n ', i.th
as follows: to :
S25 to the one making greate-st nltatb-'r o
ndry potntls. 'i
un 5 to theone tmaking neut greate-t n.tot
Stttn- ber of points. o,
$to to tile one tlaking nst, :i~r:at n' n- i "a
L r ica f ioi . .nt. u 'c'
tlican al tr ., ,oiirent hcr1 als .t., t", 1 ,^ o;n redl "
- the yi p ilts, tas fellows.
'I
l.ar,. Ilank N 1, i , . th` i
i', I . . ta (), .
it n ." lit i
hots- Ski k . . . 1 : t5 "i "
l lt.i.i: ,f Ir , of aty:v al't ". ,li ,, , a mn till
trti , m1al, to he iliver , , to ' it ' " C l- . t .
t e ttc .,i .'e rtec ci;>t t i', p ,iau s , n .> in h.|1n ty1 1.: .- i I :
for less 11.1, live lutnrr 1 pt"i:lts.
1out ? i
C r e - ' om
s for X CO C
et in
"r,,u ! .'Nt.- ilT, l.l. to .
i s-l. t l..: to a t
loe, t' (, IC.\\ i,
I1iriie
<i l 7.i - :.t,, i
' to o'cl1ock a. iu.
•''li 1tr r ,
i. teri- h( ' ,r o i': o t '' s . . . . w 'l
-~u- I S O
iiiu- ied
Tableau
Simon,' I.el;!aunc vs. Hili Creditors
- -lis rict Court-Lafayette
parish, La.
W\'hreas, Isaac A. Broussard, ex-officio
in the above.entitled suit has tiled in
ti.e seventeentth judicial district court a final
:account and ta!bleau, praying that same be ad
vertised according to law and then duly ho
tmulga ted.
And, whercas, prayer of said petition has
l'been granted by an order of said court
uan:od Au 4. 23.
Now, tiseref ire, notice is hereby given to
all parties interested to file their opposition,
ttnl show cause, if any they have, in said
court within ten days from the publication
of this notice, why the aforesaid final ta
blcnu shlou.ll not be homulgated.
Given under my official signature in the
to.n ,of Lcfayette, this 23rd day of August,
1 Sui. V". U1. U.ALEY, Clerk of Court.
1'5Marshal's Sale
LUnited States Circuit Court, West
ern District of Louisiana.
min. XT. loree et als. vs. 7 eche
R1. K. and Sugar Company, L'td,
G. M. i)illey & Sons, In
v tervenors.
s lv VLrtue of a writ of Fi Fa issued by the
of Illorabilc en ited States Court for the Wes
tern I istrict of Louiriana, in the above en
ie titl:l ;nd nll ltiiiber. sit and to me directed,
' I have seized anid taken into my possession
li the following described property, to-wit:
y One lifteen Tout., No. i9, Narrow (Guage.
_, 13atldwin Ltconiwtive, now on the IHuron
s- Plantation in St. Martin Parish, Louisiana.
g an.l will sell at public nution between the
it. I':gl hours of sale, the above described
' propeity, on
at Saturday, Sept. 21, 1895,
at the town of Carenero, La.
of Te,-,is of sale, cash with the benefit of
t. a,praii;smcLct. J. M. MARTIN,
-.t V '.ited States Marshal.
'i Deminand of Administration.
State of ottisiana, 17th Judicial
:, District Court, Parish of
in- Lafayette.
h- 1hereas Theodore A. McFaddin has filed
d in sail court a petiioun to be appointed ad
ntiinitrator if the vacant succession uo
: jiacq ues Roman, vice L. E. Salles, public
ad l'itist rattor reinmavcd.
Ai: pI'ersn: int,.undilig to make opposition.
t,, ,.;. 1 ::..'> intmo: t till file the same in sai.
cou-ti,, wi'it-ii ten1 d:ys from publication i"E
n: this notice, otherw;ise said appointment will
ie nciade.
l C ;ive;t under nmy ofticial signature, in the:
t' 1,,:ow: of L.afi.ayette, La., this 20th day ot
\i'. 13. UAIL.tV, Clerk of Court.
c1- -l EIUt1E FF'S SALE.
no' State of l.ouisiana, 17th Judicial
": istrict Court, Parish of
Lafayette, No. 393x.
,i i' !,t.es State Bank of Lafayette,
L.a., vs. \\We'lman Bradford.
. vit tee rf a writ of seizure and
S't ;::t t" ::.r cxecutory t-ocess) issued froml
t' t ;"l, i: :. - enteenth Judicial Districe
-.' (_',urt in t'e ablove entitled and nnmbere.l
-nlt anid to Iie2 :ilrcctetd, I have seized andi
ta:kn into my p,,ssetsSi:; r and will sell in th-t
' i'Y. ililrii.r 1 rescri.ueid by law to the last ant
y to' highs".t t li.-er. ibeteen legal sale hours, at
r , if ," f1rf door of the court-house of said
ct. Satitrd:ay. Oct. 5, 1895,
t.> the f,.l! nin,.t tct ied property belonginu:
to t". cimi; lalo iford, Esq., of Acadia par
cr , iL'. a.n., and situated in the parish of Lafa
n.- T"he'Th ni:rth;te.i;t quarter of section twenty
!\i Int , south of range three.
lu:n" ,.0 t utiSi ti eritlialn, anid containing
.or" hul.irici an: sixty acres acquired by
n ie s l\,l:,mriu !r.ti,,rd fitonl the United State.;
,.'t n.s p-r p;:tent issued by the
Si it': id !. t.tteý ,"Cternlll t on October- 15,
.I .. ait, a , li lngs and improvement;
t5 , ,a, :.,,:ac : one horse cart; one wag
,' i, li l n~te; IIn Creole horse; tw ,
r :i. ll ii hr,; one mnower; one lot of
i s.: ' t 1.;1 bl.n.lics; one gang plow; one
,f .t,ý ti i: if gr; .;i-hg crop, say of 50o barrels.
'. 1 i ca h.
tiAA'\ A. HIROUSSARD,
- eriff of I.afayette parish,
For Sale.
Ei' *l.ON(;" i'LANTATION
ilt Hlayou Vermilion, about 6 miles
in rear of l.afayette, La., now un
dr lease to .Ail. Vn Kalckstein,
tni ,il it ccii!,.er 3, 1895. Con
:t;tiin alot 2000 acres superior
;b,idie iln!!, fine residence and new
e lta,' n, as,) gin house with machin
c V. cabilis, outhouses, etc., andti
' ,arc iine wood land; well adapted
to the cultture of suigar, cotton or
I ;e: "'p- es"io'n Januiary Ist, 1896.
",r ft.rt-,r particulars apply to
lu!ge t. ujel3illion. Lafayette, La.,
,,r to, l -i.srs. \V. I. lodgson & Son,
i .w (.-ca , l.a.
75 SoIEtiitinig For Nothing.
( (f all rthe ncent s iuorns at writing the life
S ,i ,; ! ,...n il ',i,' ::ar style, Mliss Tarbell':
day a't .·,ly .:.is, i-i p. i both of merit and in
Irt. It tir-it appeared serially in Mf'
' 1 -.,:: in , and is now published in
illa lanlsonely print ed cloth-bound volume,
with ,o illuttnrtionst. The book is having
an en ",m"ou s ,! "at St.oo per copy. PUB
L.I JPINION (Nesw '-ork City) is actuall
giving .tsy this tit e volume to new sub
¥ slrribrs. 1Vrite for particulars.
A %cw School.
O .Mis M1aud i3ais, of New Iberia, assiste.l
l. iR by' Mrs. Illnuer Baily who will teach French,
\wili ;,len a primary schoolon Sept. 2, 1895,.
in the Antonio C.arro building. Stenc
:,rap;hy, vocal and instrumental music will _
L,. te tau'ht.
For Sale.
ybed Three good lots for busi.is~ -
b.t I willi stands. O)n Lincoln avenue) o
,-I positc l'arkcrson park. Ap1 t
"'' Mas. M1. GAMi --SA
t·~
;· ;: a.l"