;THE GAZETTE.
tipion Price, r Per Year
TOWN AND COUNTRY.
.'ck Wall, of Cheneyville, was
in 'own Sunday.
. Constantin spent several days
in N.ew Orleans this week.
M. Billaud, Sr., M. Billaud, Jr.,
andt Ed Estorge, of Broussard,
spit Sunday with Mr. and Mrs.
H. Billaud.
Mmes. J. J. Revillon, Philibert
Revillon and C. Neveu made a fly
ing trip to New Iberia Monday.
judge Meaux's Dramatic Club
will play to-night at Rovville for
the benefit of the Pilette public
school.
Bud Louailler, of Opelousas, spent
a couple of days doing some work
at the recorder's office.
Mrs. Arthur Roy and children,
of Broussard, were in town Wednes- I
day.
J. P. Revillon went to New Or
leans Thursday to purchase his win
ter stock. a
J. P. Revillon and Paul Castel s
left Wednesday for New Orleans
to witness the Fitzsimmons-Creedon a
fight. n
A full line of matting and window '
shades, crockery, etc., at prices of ri
modern times at Levy & Son. si
Mrs. Will Thomas left Wednes- "
bay for Lake Charles on a visit to
friends and relatives.
Felix Mouton, assistant agent at d
Plaquemines, was in Lafayette this
week, on his way to Alexarn'ria
tp which place he has been trans
fer red.
ti
Mrs. O. J. Sproule returned Tues- a
day from the Crescent City where it
she had gone to buy a large stock a
of goods for her store. b
Mrs. Simpson will leave in a few J.
days for St. Louis and other cities a
for the purpose of buying a complete d
stock of seasonable millinery. w
Prof. R. W. Kome, of Chicago, C
an experienced dancing master, will C
open a school at Falk's next Tues
day. Read advertisement in anoth
er column.
Read the notices in another col- a+
umn in which are advertized for w
sale some desirable real estate. Mr. a;
Neven, the agent of the owners, will lii
furnish you with the terms and con- ai
ditions.
C. C. Higginbotham, the well
known barber, has moved to New in
Iberia, where he has openedl a first- w
class shop. "Canille," as he is fa- c
miliarly known, is an excellent I'
barber, and we recommend him to t}
the people of New Iberia. t
On accou'nt of dull times we have u'
b-s:n enabled to procire great I a-- al
g Sins for spot cash, the benefit of t1i
which we now give to our customers as
and the public. L. Levy & Son.
The railroad company will soon
begin the building of a switch near ,
Jacques Mouton's farm to facili- 9
t tte the shipment of cane by far- m
mers living in that neighborhood. in
We regret to announce that Leonce le
Guidry is quite ill at his father's th
home near this town. The Gazette or
joins his many friends in wishing at
him an early rerurn of his former re
good health. bl
During his absence from home Ai
Gustave Brasseux, a citizen of Prai- be
rie Greig, Vermilion parish, was rob- fri
bed of $9Io which he laid in a TI
trunk. Here is no clue to the theft di
and Mr Brasseux has no hope of tel
recovering his hard-earned money. mi
Canlon flannels, brown and to
bleached cottons, ginham, calicoes, ni:
checks, etc., at 5 cents a yard. All Bi
other domestic goods in like pro- no
proportion and enough to supply
the demand at L. Levy & Son. ch
mi
The theatrical entertainment at E.
Falk's last Saturday was not largely th
attended, but those who were pres- mi
ent are pleased with the show and th
unite in saying that the Huntley
company is composed of first class Er
actors. D
The building to be occupied by Rc
D. V. Gardebled presents a very
neat appearance since the finishing a
touch of H. Eastin's brush has and
been given to it. bot
While Ludovic Billaud was work- T
ing'at his gin last week his left hand Co,
was caught by the gin-saws badly elsn
lacerating three fingers. Dr. A. He
R. Trahan, who attended to the of,
wounds; does not think that am- ans
putation will be necessary. ,Dr,
As a result of the competitive ex- I
amination held last Saturday, Miss fays
McClyt Mudd has b en appointed to '
assistant teacher at the High School. for
Arthur Landry's son was bitten last
1Monday by a dog, which, fortu- I,'I
nately, showed. no symptoms .ofbY- m;o
<dropio
Belix Bienvenu, of St. Martinville,
called on The Gazette Monday.
ir Mr. and Mrs. Jos. Plonsky went
to Lecompte Sunday. Mr. Plonsky
returned home Monday.
is The painters who have been at
work in the Catholic church for the
rs past two months finished last week.
These gentlemen are skillful work
man and have done some fine pain
I' ting. 'The chuirch is now one of
the handsomest in the State.
Mrs. Ella Norwood, a widow with 1
.t several children in destitute circum- 1
_ stances, moved to this town from
Texas sometime ago, and since their
b arrival here have been dependent
upon charitable person for support.
Among those who gave their share
to the unfortunate lady are the rail- 1
road boys who raised a goodly sum I
which was turned over to her. The
Gazette mentions this case in the i
lope that it will be the means of
calling the attention of the charita- 1
bly inclined to the needy condition i
of this family.
Elctric Bitters.
This remedy is becoming so well known I
and so popular as to need no special men- 1
tion. All who have used Electric Bitters
Ilsing the same sang of praise.-A purer
medicine does not exist and it is guaranteed
to do all that is claimed. Electric Bitters
1 will cure all diseases of the Liver and Kid- i
neys, will remove Pimples, Boils Salt t
Rheum, and other affections caused by im
pure blood.--Vill drive Malaria from the t
system and prevent as well as cure all Mala- F
f rial fevers.-For cure of HIIeadache, Con
stipation and Indigestion try Electric
Bitters.-Entire satisfaction guaranteed, or r
money refunded.-Price 5o cts. and $x.oo
per bottle at W.n. legg's Dx:., Store. I
District Court.
The regular October term of the C
Sdistrict court will convene Monday.
This will be the first trial in this
parish of the new jury law. So far v
the criminal docket is small and a
the cases already reported are nearly t
all for minor offenses. The follow- n
ing parties, all negroes, are in jail t
awaiting trial: Jas. Simpson. stab- f
hing; Jean Louis Batiste, larceny; '
J. McCoy, larceny; J. Mitchell, P
assault and battery; Treville Brown,
disturbing the peace and selling ti
whiskey without a license; Jas.
Green, breach of the peace; Joseph
(Comeaiu, assault and battery.
n
Anatomical Ctiriosity. l
A strange freak of nature came V
under the observation of Drs. J. I). i
anri A. R. Trahan one day last
week. It is a little girl 3 years of
age the child of a colored woman I
living eight miles west of this place
and presents very peculiar deformi
ties. Her lower extremities are S
shaped very n itch like the arms, and it
instead of walking on her feet she li
walks on the knee joint, which in this
case appears exactly like the elbow. (
Tl'i;e leg flexes anteriorly on the
thigh just as the forearm does, and
thte range of motion at the ankle is N
unusually large. The child's head sr
also presents peculiarities; it fact, C
the tout-ensemble constitutes an L
anatomical curiosity. A
"Ihe BaIll. tl
The first ball of the season was tc
given at Falk's Opera House last tu
Saturday by a number of voung in
men of Lafayette. The committee la
in charge of the arrangements had
left nothing undone to secure every w,
thing tiecessary to make this event St
one of unusual brilliancy and we
ate happy to state that their efforts
resulted in one of the most enjoya
ble balls ever given in Lafayette. ta
Among the fair participants could; st
be seen pretty and handsome lasses ti
from all the neighboring .towns. i
The boys, and the married men too, ca
displayed that gallantry so charac- m
teristic of them. To say that the
music was good it is only necessary
to mention the fact that it was fur
nished by the Messrs. Landry of da
Broussard. To much credit can
not be given to Louis Lacoste, the
chairman of the arrangement com- ba
mittee. Mines. E. McDaniel and
E. Pefferkorn kindly volunteered c
their services and contributed very th
much toward the entertaining of
the guests. There was a copious is
suipply of refreshments and cakes, So
the latter being donated by Misses
Emma Falk, Isaure and Lydia Mc
Daniel, Flora Plonsky and Regina pe
Romero. a
Fwo Lives Saved. ri:
Mirs. Phoebe Thomas, of Junction City, Ill. pa
was told by her doctors she had Consumption
and that there was no hope for her, but two
bottles Dr. King'sNew Discoveryconmplet'ly gir
cured her and she says it saved her life. Mr.
Thos. Eggers, I39 Florida St. San Francisco, to
suffered from: a dreadful cold, approaching
Consumption, tried without resulteveything sa
else then bought one bottle of I)r. 'hing's sa
New D)iscovery and in two weeks was cured. en
lie is naturally thankful. It is such results,
of which these are samples, that prove the
wonderful efficacy of this medicine in Coughs see
andl C dels. Free trial bottles at \Vm. Clege's
Drug Store. Regular size 5oc. and $.oo. ov
Card of I'haaks. .,
Tn the name of the young men of l.a
fayette, I desire to extend my sincere thanks ten
to .Mmes. E, McDaniel and E. Pefferkorn, ars
for valuable seXvices rendered at our dance twI
last Saturday night: also to the Misses Emm'a laiu
IFalk, Isaura and Lydia McD)anicl, Flora
Ilhnskey, andl Reginia Romero, for the don- tio
,ta;n of crkes. giet
LiVs JLA<..ra, CGasrT;Utu. Cut
IIe, CARENCRDO NEWS.
ent The Gazette Correspondent's
sky Weekly Resume of Items of
Interest in and About
Caressero.
at
the --Through the courtesy and by
=k. the kindness of \V. W. Lessley your
rk- correspondent enjoyed a pleasant
i- ride last Sunday to the neat and
of pretty village of Scott. We passed
along a tortuous, rugged and ill
ith kept road, bordered on either side
m- by crops of cane, corn, and cotton;
1m all in fine condition, and early in
err the evening reached the little city.
nt It required but a few moments for
rt. Totidem Verbis to realize that he
tre was among a whole souled and
il- truly hospitable people; whose
im kindness and attention was fully
he appreciated and will long be re
he membered. The population con
of sists of energetic, enterprising and
:a- progressive people. All the build
on ings, no matter how fine or how
humble, were neatly painted or
whitewashed, and taken as a whole
wn presented a very nice appearance.
We visited the Southern Pacific
ers f
rer depot, which was tha very "pink
ed of neatness," and there met the
is- genial agent, Mr. Mulkern, who, by
alt the way,enjoys among his intimates,
c
he the expressive name of Muldoon;
which was acquired by his wonder
c ful ability as a wrestler, and all
or round athlete. Messrs. Alcide and
Leo Judice, Delhommne, Breaux,
and Thomas are among the leading
he citizens of the place, and gentlemen F
Y whom it is an honor to know.
is We also met and had a long chat
ar with Dr. P. E. Girard, at one time
d a resident of Carencro. We regret
ly that the want of space does not per
_ mit us to more fully describe the n
Lil town of Scott, and its people, suf- n
b- fice it to say that we will long re- d
member the .evening so pleasantly x
i, passed.
a -Mr. and Mrs. L. Deliglise re
q turned home last week from a long
visit to relatives in France, and 1
>h while there visited many points of cl
interest. The opening of the busi h
ness season here shortened his va- C
cation, and ,hastened his return. e
'C'e \e are pleased to learn from Mr.
S )clililise that his trip was thor
t oughly enjoyed.
' ---lr. i. F. Ilanley is relieving
n Mr A. I) ugal at the depot, for se
e eral idays.I 1"
--M.lrs. Henry Crouchet, last
re Sindav furnished a pleas.ant out
d ing to a number of young friends ,of
C little Miss Odille. Tie merry
is crowd consisted of Mlisses. Odille
SCroiuchet, I-Ionora \licaudl, Celeste
ean I Lydia Alicaud, Lizzie Dimitry ,
d Marcelle Blot, Mabel Guilbeau,
Is Noelie Crouchet and Daisy Irous
i sard; and Masters Lue and Caorge l.
t, Crouclhet, Delpha, .)erry and
n Leeclley G uilbeau, and Geo. Smith.
After a dinner in the woods, and
the playing of the games, so dcarl
5 to chihlish hearts, the party re- re
;t turned late in the evening, heralIl
o ing their approach by song and t"
e laughter. I
I -AMr. and Mrs. A. C. Guilbeau
y were visitors in New Iberia last Ai
t Sunday and Monday. to
e -We hear it is said that two
gentlemen are about to enter into a
partnership, for the purpose of es- res
tablishing a thoroughly first class th
store in Carencro, with the inten- tw
s tion of holding the home trade, and S
with a stock so assorted that there Nc
can be no excuse for our people of
making their purchases elsewhere. dii
e -Mlaster Aristide Guidry accom- Sm
panied by his father, MiIr. Albert tl
Guidclry, left for Crowley last Sun
Sday, where Master Aristide com- e
mences his college life. ho
--\Why is it that the Carencro si
Sbase ball club have so far failed to
1 comply with their promise to play
Sthe Lafayette team ? die
f -The Opelousas Oil Company at
Sis building a seed warehouse on the act
South side of Mr. Crouchets store.
- It would add greatly to the ap
pearance of things if the seed-houses an
and buildings on the railroad -
right of way, were wvhitewashed or Wf
painted. rep
-Considerable cotton has been su
ginned, but our farmers are loath s,,
to sell at the prevailing prices. an i
siv,
-Mir. Jos. 3lochli, one of ()pelou- a
sas' leading merchants, was in Car- by
the
encro some days ago. resi
-T'l'he Republican party does not and.
seem to be so very much elated Dr.I
over the acqluisition of a few '-kick
ing" sugar planters to their g. o. p. o
--T'iie Stelly school has an at-i.
]lim)
tendance of over twenty-five schol- Mr
ars. Pretty good for a school only |ier
two weeks old. P'rof.C. F. La.,tio-\o
lais Is a painstaking and conscien
tious teacher, anld will undoubtedly i;
give entiie satisfaction to thie par- i 'h1
school.
-Miss tulie Jones has returned
s home after spending several weeks
with friends in Houma.
--Mr. B. T. Harrop, serving as
engineer on the Teche railroad, has.
severed his connection with that
)y Company, to accept a position in
ir Lake Charles. Mr. iHarrop is a
t eady, upright young man, who is
iC bound to succeed no matter where
o he goes.
--lr. Mulkern, of Scott, can
le furnish practical proof that the
'; road between Lafayette and his
n place, is a very crooked affair.
'rV-What will sugar cane be worth?
r is still the absorbing and unsettled
C question IOTII)E-I VEXrIS.
d a
A Reward OtTerdl,
Last Saturday a fishing party,
y composed of three well-known ar
tists, left the town for a day and
night's sport on Bayou Vermilion.
Needless to say they were abun ,
antly supplied with choice provis
ions, fishing tackles, and good many
r etc's.,-in fact enough to last
them one whole week. The next
day the colored cook, brought the
k following note to a merchant for
more etc's., The merchant evi
e dently had a Chinese puzzle to solve,
but with the assistance of the col
' ored bearer of the note he suc
ceeded in finding out what the party
wanted. There is a standing re
ward of a barrel of flour to any one
who will be able to read it. It
was doubtless written under great
physical as well as mental strain.
Here it is:
t Many tayers. ploslalth, me so I
wine. please IFew pceviser.
AL O US'
Now is the time for business
men to advertise. Our business
men have bargains to offer every
day, and a few lines in the paper
will let people know it.
DANCING SCHOOL.
Prof. R. WV. Kone, of Chicago,
is in the city now and will open his
(lancing class for gentlemen at
Falk's Opera House next Tuesday,
Oct. 2, at 7:30 p. in. and continue
every evening from 7:3o to 9d
"For ladlies and cihldren--'Ved
nesday, Oct. 3, at 4 p. in., and con
tinue every evening from 4 to 5:30.
r"I'i::. .' IN ADI.VANCE.
For .adis, 12 lessons...... 3 00
"Ior (entl' en, 12 l.st,:... 3 00
iFor Cti.irctn to so y.ars.... I 50
r(ome one ! Colle all : And learn
Showt tL dantce aill tl e latest dances. -
I)on't n:iss this chance.
Slj iice Jui-y PIr-ocee,.di.g:Ls.
I.A. t 'V. rt:, L.A., Sept. 2., I1So4.
The [',ibe" Jury mnet this day in rg .l., r
sr.sion with thle following eiumb-,s pres'nt:
J. G. :t. Jolien. R. C. Lanolvy, .A. 1)i. Lan
dry, II. I. l)urke. Alf. A. let ,n- ue, and
slfre-1 Ilert. Absent: Ford Ilnffpauir
andl C. C. rirown.
The president Leing absent the secretary
called the meeiing to order an:l by notio:ln
duly made, Mlr. J. G. St. Julien was elected
pr,'si.dent pI,.,) ten.
", n ~ f the lprevioa: ml.e ti were
ric. and :t lir' vc- .
I:y mtiin the follow :n;g in li. ".'ts \v.a.e
g!antcd a!, pr, riatins: R,,molph lPrejean
$So. L.ouis Mervrent S1I.=o, .\lMs. l"mcre:nt'we k
lonin 312.50, Mrs. Sarrazin Mathieu $2.5,.
The sumt of $5 was granted untoL\ Mr.
Auguste P. 1')omningiue for tlhe transportation 3
to the hospital of a sick and disabled tratmp.
Constahle .Napotleon .M\elantn. of the 4th
ward here appearing and as.king that his
salary for criminal services be fixed, it was S
resolved that the salary heretofore allowed
the coustable of said ward, be liviled be
tween the present qualified oificers-that is
$15 per annum each.
Mr. Hcbert moved in accordance with act
No. 40 of the general assembly of the State
of Louisiana, for 1894, relative to the per
diem of witnesses in criminal cases, that the
saidl per diem be fixed as follows: WVhen
the saidt witnesses shall be residents of the
corporation .f Lafayette the per diemn shall
be 5oc. When the said witnesses shall be
residents within 5 miles or less of the court L
house the per diemn shall be 75c: When the
said witnesses are residents over 5 miles
from the court house the per diem shall be $t.
The niotiotn was lost.
BIy nmotion of MIr. R. C. Landlry, the per
diem of witnesses in criminal cases was fixed
at $Si, the mnaxamum fee provided by said
act 40 of 1894.
A conmmnication from lIon. Ford IIHff
pauir, president of the Police Jury, rclative t!e
to the Satterlield rtad contract ;was reatd
and action in the 1rc.isic, postponel.
Mecssrs. A. 1). L.andry anI Alfred IIetert
were authorized to purchase luonmber for the
repair of Coulee Mine's bridge, anI. the
sum of $t5 was allowedl for workmanshtip.
By motion it was resIv-ed that any per- fr
s~on or perisons hauling the carct.sse.s of ,:-a I
animals, or deposi in g o-;l or other often
sive matter within the li::;its of the pa:shit.
shall be require.l to, iis],.se of sail -is. Cnecs
by burning, burial or otherwise s o i,; e,',
the said otuttsive bodies tron the imta.. iiate
residents andi traveling pnblic, that health
and colmfort nay be prosereetd.
Thl'e following account was laid over:
Dr. A. (;laui. c. roner s feca, :37. O
The follhowing accountit were approveld:
-It.-s & Mlouton, lumbar . . ...... 32t 21
John Iitlau ., dr.sinage tat ward ...... 33 33
H. Ciltau:t, fLeding pii.5tners.. 71 o
no. W\hittngton Jr. nails ... 5 4!
Mrs. J. .1. Revillon, inails ..... 8 I
Ilernard & bt. Julien, nails. 3 50
,V. IH. Dailey, J. C;. I~h~tcano, J. . T.n
'ellerin, .I. I.. L.yvons, V. E. an
i .tputis, I.e, I) ocet, jutry con- i"
isinr,...... 5 00 Ilal
"l'here linig no further ba.,itn.ss, tit, see
Pohce Ja,'y adjourned.
S - : Public Sale.
dt SJCCESSION OF ONEZl,.tE SENEC.AL, DI
ks CItASt t.'.
Notice is hereby gi"-an that by virtue of
an order issue! by the lonoratblle the 17th
as Jdicial Diistrict Couirt of the State of L.oai;
iana, holdintg session in and for the pa:'ilh
s" of Lafayette-, dated tthe oth day of Septetn
at betr A. I)., ISo4; anid by virtue also out of
a colt:nissiotns issued out of said Court
Ibased outn said order andl directed to mnt,
a ti ie un.lersign.d Clerk of Contr't en.l cx-rticio
Admlinitrator, I will sell at public auctio-l,
to the highest and l )t i:l:der, on
e Sturday, ()October O20, 18-D.,
between legal satle hour., at t! last res c
dence of deceased, in this Ipa.i ih, the f,
"n lowing described property belonging to said
Successi in; to-wit:
1e 1. One certain tract of prairie land sit
is urted in the Parish orf L.afayette, containing
twenty-one superticial arpcnts, bou:le I
north by Clemile Corrmier, east by public
t? road from Scott going north, south by Car
neliis :\orrison, west by Jean l)o.ti.ig:e.
Stogether l itt all ti, h -::i 'ing1 an- i ro -
i unt there i , c n.iis.tin,; of an old tlr..li:g. C
old barn, etc, fcn-intg and alo tteucrop b.
-9
ltngit,. to the sac.ý. , S l.
) 2. ine 'at in the :,',ill's ad titin to th..
iing it n :: follows: n rtt iby :)t N ,.
Id , east by liCenville street, x -:it by 1 t N1 .
I5, and s, "th by- ;tree.t, and measu: lag
. oic h undlred feet fcont by oni hundred an.t
forty feet.
3. Six head of horned tattle, of one
year nti upwards.
S4. ITwo horses.
5. One mare and colt.
t 6. One colt.
t 7. Six head of hugs, small.
8. Poultry.
e 9. Funiture and kitchen utensils.
r One fourth of the crop growing.
Ternms-Cash.
V. B. BAII.VE\,
Clerk of Court and Ex-officio Administrator.
Sept. t5, x894.
Tableau
State of Louisiana, r7th Judicial
District Court, Parish of Lafa
yette-Succession of Leon
ard Broussard-Num
ber 2008.
Whcrcas. ..t . : . natural tutrix in
conmunity . ,I .- --. li.io .1hnimis;trator, of
3 the successia., :. -.' i: Broussard, has
filed in said court a tablelau of distribution
and classitication of said succession with a
petition praying that the same be advertised
according to law and the duly honi.-mlo.ated.
An:ld ssiireas the prayer of said adminios
trator, has bIenll granted by an order of said A
court Iated Sept. 14, 5094.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby gi e', to
all parties interested to file their oppoition,:
r andl show cause, if any they have, in said
court within ten clays front the publication
of this notice, why the aforesaid tabl--au
should not be homologated.
Giv'en under my ofticial siv-nature at I.a
fayette, l.a., thi.s 14thl day of Scpilbuir, A..
D. 1894.
W. 1. IAt\I.EY, Clerk of Court.
u1sI.lt naJ ifu Aq owzsa j *w3 5otc
*a~te'wqall- uarIoUt& g 3l.sil otiel'
Wusallawuaqs . oJ ttaoultuio staoq i.L,
JLN2IAhNIi NVISSIrH
AUCOiN, il:'lAU'X & ItINOUiD I TI
Lumber Co.
All kinds of T.umber, ceiling, t
.i,
Also shin-vs. Alplply to
Coo. L. Pellerin,
Agent. NEWY 11I" , - - - ].
Property for Sale
Lo-ts N.,. I; . 15 , :I - in 11ct- 1B,'S Ad
ition. alt w.ith in; :-.,cv, ,entaing ,~,l or.'er.
'trther infor.na:i.an ap-,ly to A\. Nl\VEU,
IL fv. ,*. 1.1. 30 42
Ueal Estate for Sale
Two l.ats : n oicCOJii, S Addition-ilm
lrrovemnents new and in first class order.
light Iots in lMc'OM IB'S Addition unint
prvled, but newly fenced in. Will sell to--
glth -r and separately. Apply to A. NE
V\:'E, l.afayette, Ita. 30-42 -
GZR OF fiLL SfiLVE,S.
Cure. All PFrptloui ' at" tle Skin.
Twenty Five Ceniti.
For Sale by all IIru1gIatts.
I wHil Pay the hi~ig est mnar
ket price for
COTTON.
3. C. COUVILLON, l.afay ctte, I.a.
Syndic's Sale.
SIMON l.EOPOLt)l VS. 1IIS CREDtI.
TORIS-NO. 923 --i7th l iill.
CIAI. IlIS'T-'IC' I' t.OL'IIT'- 'II
LAFA':VI":'"1-E P'Al-SI,
LOUISIA. . NA.
Notice is hIert-by given th l£at to. ri t :r n rl, ol llt
issued from tile z7th judhrlal di~trh't .tLlt Iirltll.•
scsi nn e ia nd for the ptarish o St..1larv il tle
a e cllti.e tld a ldnmlbe rel 5urriindIIrd ,11tat1
aini(i dated the 7iith das at Aiti l to 4, an:lid iy
bnaserd ul po, l s.ld order and 1 dlre, ted ,t tile futdce-r
siined St ,ict Iwill sell at public auctlol l ttie
highclt ;ll d last Iiiddt .r, sot.
S-a.'turdSy, Octobler t. S1.e-L,
Ibetween h-tial sale lhoturs at th.e fullnl.,r tre nf
S1tno n I.opldol knl¢,n a8 the L:nthe st.,r-e i-' ths: i",lii
rmndlcd tat ot ta- ralpts. col l.lliilng l thei
L tt of i al i t G tlds.
l.ot f Hot. and .'\,hues.
I.t A. . RcltSSARt l. irif.
FARM FOR SALE.
.A desirabtle place near Pin Ilook on Ver
million bayot about a mile andl a half froiti
the town of L.nfayette. Suitable for a t-uck
firmn. Dwellintg house antd large r.Lnuber Of
fruit tree s. \Vill sell chlap. .'\:lv t,
I. 11. Kniiht, New Iberia. (-23-un.
Beausejour
Springs, o.
x.EI.l.E:NT SItEN-.; \V.VlT:R.
C)', IOD)IIUS B \VI'I :)1Sl-S.
i.arge I).tncin.l Platform. P,iaut ifl I -oinds
ltnd iltety l ,f Sha le. Elegant Sp1,t for Pic- M11c
tii.,'. Partie. -i Etc. 1Valor for dritking and
alt hitl. p:_rp. i> es uns ii p: assa.di. CI':lle ans t
see the place and enjoy a splen.lid iatit.
TCemperate and Cold Wate
l0r Sathinu..
-/ UNPRECEDENTED SALE!
of
,th
k COtLOTHING,
Sr ° oo ds at
. and SON.
THan r=;iugih B s. .e, ._,rk r i-thbi: l "Equal to Tailor Mad,,'"
can be :a! o2 u~ at vrI ;,idr;. :t~ ,1-ic.. The "ELK" Brand an:l
':,_ .i .t,, a. weli .s :.1.>.v._ ', L I -' N & Co's. fine shoes alwa "
Cc, 'pW>-;; Absolutely Impossible.
Something for
Nothing.
"SOLMETHING I CAN'T DO." BU'T IF
YOU WILL fCALL AVT hMY JEWELRY
STORE:R (' 5-qEXT TO P.'O-. I WILL TAKE
iPFLEASURE TO SHOW YOU THROUGH
MY NEW LINE OF GOODS- I GUARAN
TEE MY PRICES PAND QUALITY WILL
COMPPRE VITH NOT.MERN HOUSES.
% Wedding and Birthday 'Presents. Watches,
Diilamo;ids and Jewelry
ANY AXDI ALl iUIXNDlS Oi GOOD-,i IADiM TO O:DEir ON SHORT NOTItC""
FT. RA 3 ei 0 - AT.
e. 0. "CX' , Louisiana.
Things cf the past are dead,
bu i-d and robotten.
I am now' n poDaito.  to more than
SMET COMPETITION
I can make goodl my assertion with the proof. My son, HENRY BE-.,
DEL, lives in Nev.w \o.:. This gives me
UNEQUALED ADVANTAGES
Over Co'mpetitors to Have a
c oew York
B. FALK, Lafayette, Li.
ON TIHE SOUTHWI-
(.()R. COURT-HOL-. F
se. QUAKE,
3 ! r Pre Dr , ,ý. ?., nt ..t , , ..: . toilet Articles,
S t.i.:r . tc. i 'i:e iars, and the best of 1Vines
a,., I ,'iutrs !,r ,e1t< i:: al lurpo.e:, are sold at rea
Sa few v In ;rc :,r rics are to be had and some
"TIIHIS I5PLAC.E IS O 'NE" ti E.) L
1 1 . CLE G a
.iViss Louise Revillon
_ Ž-.olicits a visit to her .
's- it- l iLOR - -
A FULL ASSOi :TMENT OF FINE GOODS IN THE
!_LATEST STYLES.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUT. .
At WHOLESALE and RETaIL
O rF I " 1V A NI VA I ) N EA , R R A I. R O AD D EPO t
I A- VA 1ETT ! .OU LO T. NA.
y' -rs' and Ine P Lu. beL, Koujh and hcrsed, Sbingles, Doors, S
id , lii o hn, toul1in.gs, .tc.,
Pittsburg Coa, Firewood,
McCormick H{aricstcr, BinOrs and Mosier. Eagle pluwe, fks
atd Rding Cultivators, Lotton and Corn.planters, ay ..rak:
Stalk Cutters, Etc.
Wanons, Cisterns.---:-