STHE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
LM I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATUDAY, JULY 15,.1893. N-UMBER 19.
V:-jS)M I. LAFAYETTE, LA., SAUDY UY1,183 -ME 9:
- bRANDMA'8 GARDEN.
j au You're peeping tbhrtou the garden*ahr
f ýb a. ous little early pate!
.4shai see "yU by and by.
it u air and angers sly,
daj p Wtteh and slip ainside,
I 5Wbq tgrda the sweetest blossoms glide;
_ T a po hieses," so you'll ay.
Sbrtue: youl Jira arose awary!
Pull frlb and twenty yesa6 gone by.
Anotheruarehain. justraly
And inust as ireet wad hmewn a'd bold.
ith jlus such locks and otoglasggold,
Would .watch to An4 ny ourtain down,
as it he fearesl'my plhtesti fron,.
.'Then pluck the pettiest flower and run
That was your-father, naughty one.
S As time passedon, the lad grew meek,
And then my full conpsent would seek;
Thus, by his manliness and truth,
Ho gained my trust, the cunning youohl
He had aonueealy Doseint view.
That in my household garden grew;:
Anq soon the blooming flower he wo%
That was your moither. little son.
-MTa. M. A. Kidder, in N. Y. L edger.
- THE OLD SETTLER.
EHisStory of the Vengeful Bear and
Unfortunate Putorbow.
"It takes a pooty darn cute feller to
do w'at Joe Ball done t'qther day, over
back o' Plsosz Brook Boller," said the
Squire.
"As' .v'at's Joe been a-doin' of that's
" sb orful cute?" asked the Old Settler.
I "Ketched a yearlin' b'ar asleep, an'
got a rope around its gullet 'fore the
'War could wake up an' clutch- him," re
plied the Squire.
"Joe done that?" the Old Settler
queried.
* "That's w'athe done,"said the Squire.
"An' more'n that, he drew the critter,
spite of itself, all the way to his clear
in'; an' he's got it tied to'a post, safe
an' sound, so they tellme."
"Well, all Igot to say, then, Is, that
Joe Ball better keep his eye peeled!"
exclaimed the Old Settler, with anomin
ousahalce of his head. "If tha's anything
that b'ars won't never forgit nor for
'give it's beink ketched an' done fer
w'ile they'm asleep. If they'm took in
arter a squar' stan'-up-an'-take-dry
knocks rumpus an' rassel, they'm will
in' to go along an' say no more about
it, 'cause tlhey've hadl a fair chance an'
it were their own fault if they w'a'nt
up to the mark. Bunt if ye.. sneak on
'cm an' git the best on 'em, v'en they'm
a\sleep, look out, b'gosh! Then they've
ot it in for ye, an' they'll git even,
- n' make it-a sorry day fer ye w'en ye
took'im in that way! Joe hall wants
to keep his eye peeled, Squire!"
"Pooft" ejaculated the Squire, scorn
fully.
* "It may be poof, an' It may be puff,
an' it may be piff!" the Old Settler ex
claimed, "but I know w'at I khowv,
h'gosh! Poof! That's w'at Simeon
Puterbow said totan ancister o' mine
wunst, an' mebbe hlie didn't live to
see the day he were sorry fer it! Sim
con had snuck up on a sleepin' yearlin'
b'anr jist the same ez this here Joe Ball's
ben an' did, an' he got a rope on it an'
drew it into his clearin' an' tied it to a
pole.
'" Simeon,' says my ancister, 'yuv
run head fast ag'in the natur' o' bars
by doin' o' this here,' says he, 'ad' if ye
don'tpunt a ball inter that b'ar an' end
its future right here,' says he, 'tha's
danger ahead o' ye, b'ggsh, bigger'n a
stack o' bog hay!' says he.
"An' Simeon turned up his nose an'
says:
" 'Poof !' says he.
"An' my ancister shook his head and
went away, sorrerin', az well he mowt,
for lie know'd bars from A to izzard,
an' he know'd tha were a day o' reck
onin' comin' for Simeon if he didn't kill
that b'ar he had -snuck up an' ketched
w'ile it were sleepin'. An' b'srs '1k be
b'ars to-day, jist the same ez they was
then. I feel sorry fer Joe Ball, b'gosh
I do!"
"Well, major," said the squire, ag
gravatingly, "P'ison Brook Holler an'
Sugar Swamp is differ'nt."
"Differn't! I should say so," exclaimed
the Old Settler. "An' that's w'at'll
make it all the wuss for Joe Hall. That
Sb'ar is feelin' ugly enough, jist 'cause
he got ketched asleep; but gettin'
ketched asleep in setch a deestric' sz
Pison Brook Holler! Jee-whizz! That'll
.make him so much wuss that tha hain't
no tellin' w'at he won't do to Joe w'cn
Je gits the chance. There's where Joe
wa'n't smart. If he'd a give it out that
he ketched the b'ar in Sugar Swamp, the
b'ar mowt a felt grateful to him, an'
mcbbe let up on him a leetle, but to be
k °" i'eep an' then to her folks
t uow that he were ketched in the P'iaon
lirook deetric; no b'ar that thinks any
thinw bf hisself could get over that with
out makin' things hum to git even. But
mebbe the b'ar don't know that you
come from P'ison Brook Holler, Squire.
If he know'd that, mebbe ke wouldn't
feel to ugly, an' wouldn't hev it in so
bad for Joe Ball. EB it is, though, I
- know jist how that b'ar feels. Joe orter
know'd enough, b'gosh, to give it out
that he ketched the b'ar in Sugar
Swamp."
The Old Settler looked as if he felt
sorry for Joe's shortsightedness in this
serious matter, and we waited for some
expression of the Squire's opinion on the
subject, but the Squire did not seem in
clined to give any, unless one remark
he made had some bearing upon it.
"I've allus heerd," said he, "that if
anybody were lookin' ifr agar an'
idjits, he allus p'inted straight for Sugar
Swamp. Tha's jist ez much agur there
em the ever were, but tha's one less
idjit. An' he hain't dead, nuther."
The Old Settler pondered over this re
mark of the Squire's for some time, evi
dently trying to think who it might be
'that the Squire had in his mind. But
he apparently could not recall hini, and
would not humor the Squire by asking
whom he meant, for he dropped the
subject and went back to Simeon Puter
bow and his bear.
"' Simeon,' nays my ancister, 'plug
that b'ar full o' lead.to wunst,' says he,
'or tha'll come a time wNuI you'll set
clown with sorrer,' says he, 'pervidin'
ye kin set down at all,' says he, 'the
chances bein' ag'in' it,' says he. 'That
b'ar were ketched asleep an' it won't
fergit it,' says he. 'It'sstuffed fuller o
revenge than a groim' hog is o' clover,'
Jay, he' 'Ia' ye want to kuock that we
venge out of it with a doe .o' lead,'
says he.a -
"But Simeon only aniffed an' says:
Poof I' an' my ancister went off sor
rern'.
"Simeon Pnterbow wa'n't p'tic'lar
pop'lar -round the deestric', but he
hadn't never did nothin' that wa'n't
honest Still, he had ways, an' folks
didn't keer much for him. J31st about
the-time he ketched this b'ar asleep he
were gittin' ready to. marry the IVidder
Sluppy. The widder had consid'able
land, an' were a big ketch, an' folks
didn't think much of her choosin' Si
moon, but she were doin' of it only
outet Spite, 'cause Bol Beasley an' her
had a little tiff, an' Sol throwed up the
ingagement betwixt 'em, thinkin' meb
be that the widder would coax him
back. But tie widder didn't, an' took
Simeon Puter-bow inste'd. An' she'd a
married bima, too,.an' Simeon 'da be'n
right in clover, if he hadn't a poofed at
my ancister, and had plugged his b'ar
fall o' lead. '
"Simeon kep' the b'ar tied to a pole,
an' one mornin' .he got up an' found
that the b'ar had slipped the rope often
his neck, an' were roamin' round the
premises. But he didn't seem to want
to go 'way, an' didn't make no objec
tion to bein' tied up ag'in. This nice
an' peaceful way 'o the b'ar made Si
meon larf more an' more at w'at my an
cister said.
" Why,' says he, 'that b'ar wouldn't
ex much ez scratch a dog, let alone
elutch me.'
"'I didn't say he'd clutch ye:' says
my ancister. 'But bewar', Simeon!' says
he. 'That b'ar mebbe won't eat ye, but
wuss!' says he.
"Long about then some one tookl to
stealin' sheep from the clearin's an' get
tin' away with 'em. Two or three chaps
ez lived in the deestrie' was suspicioned,
but tha couldn't nothin' be found ag'in
'em. Nothin' were talked about but
the sheep stealin,' an' one day my an
cister were to Simeon's an' he says to
Simeon:
" 'It'll go hard with that sheep-steal
in' cuss w'en we ketch him!' says he.
'It'll be state's prison for him from the
word go,' says he, 'if it's ier twenty
year!' says he.
"My aneister recommembered arter
w'ds that the b'ar wer lyin' down ez if
he were snoozin'; but when. toy ancis
ter said them words the b'ar opened his
eyes an' looked up suddent and queer.
Then he rim up pooty soon, an' took to
thinkin' like, now an' then turnin' his
eyes to'ards Simeon.
"'Simeon,' says my pop, 'bewar' o'
that b'ar!' says he.
"'Poof!' says Simeon, an' my anclstcr
-went away. The nex' day he started
fer a Sip down the river with a raft,
an' h' were gone three weeks. The day
arter that Job Sawyer, ez lived nex' to
Simeon, got up at daylight and went
out to his sheep pastur', an',, b'gosh,
three o' his sheep was gone. He foun'
Sthe trail o' the thief an' follered it till it
stopped.
S"'Great spooks!' says he, 'who'd a
thunk it?'
"So Job goes right back an' wakesup
Squire Colduff an' says he wanted a
war'nt, ez he had diskivered the sheep
thief. The squire ast him who, an'
Sw'en Job told him the squire most fell
I often his cheer. But he give Job the
war'nt, an' Job went an' woke up Si
Salter, the constable, an' thev ats,'tr* -
to git the sheep thiel. 'ithey web
straight to Simeon Puterbow's. 'Fore
they wolke Simeon up they stopped at
his milk.house. There hung Job's three
Ssheep! An' they was skinned. Then
they went to the barn. There was, the
three pelts often them sheep layin' on
the barn floor! That's all they wanted.
L They got Simeon up, sarved the war'nt,
I an' marched him oft, spite of all he
Scould say. Job said arterwv'ds that ez
he were gettin in the wagon he looked
back an' see Simeon's b'ar dancin'
round his pole an' a.-huggin' of hisself
ez if he was busti:a' with joy over
sumpin'; but Job said he didn't think
nuthin' of it, b'ars bein' queer.
"WVull, they made short work o'
Simeon. Tha couldn't be no goin' back
on the sheep bein' found in Simeon's
milk house an' the pelts in his barn.
Court sat in three weeks, an' they give
Simeon four years. The news got back
to Sugar Swamp jist ez my ancister got
there from his trip down the river. Lie
hadn't heerd a word about Simeon bein'
arrested nor nothin', an' w'en he heerd
the news he were jist goin' inter Sime
on's yard, ez he were anxious to l'arn
how he were gittin' along with the
b'ar. The b'ar were layin' down by its
pole an' my ancister stood loolkin'tt it,
ponderin' like, w'en Job Sawyer kirm
along an' hollers out to him:
"'Hooray! Simeon goes to jail for
four years! Hooray!'
"With that the b'ar jumped up an'
begun to dance an' hug hisself, an'
'most hollered hooray, too.
"'I warned him!' my ancister hol
lered. 'I w~I'ned him ag'in that b'ar,
but he poofed at me! The b'ar stole
them sheep an' put it onter Simeon!
Sure em guns, the b'ar stole them sheep
en' put it onter Simeon!'
"The b'ar quit dancin' an' huggin'
'itself, an' laid down lookin' sneakin'.
My ancister tried his best to git Simeon
of, but ev'ryhody larged 'at the idee of
a b'ar stealin' sheep an' puttin' it onter
some one else, an' it wa'n't no use.
Course, the WVidder Sluppy throwed
Sim**on: up right away, an' theonfortnit
man who poofed at the warnin' of my
ancister, who know'd b'ars from A to
imzard, an' know'd that a b'ar that were
ketched aslteep were bound to git even
with his ketcher even it it had to make
him out a sheep'thief, had to serve out
his time. Squire, the bes' thing you
Jkin do is to send this here Joe Ball
warnin'!"
There was a spell of silence, and
then the Squire grunted disdainfully,
and said: *
'Simeon Puterbow were an ancister
o' mine, an' it's queer I never heerd
nothin' 'bout a b'ar makin' him out a
sheep thief."
"What!" exclaimed thp ·0d Settler.
"Simeon Puterbow aq ster o'
your'nI IVull, wull! Ki 1U'be, then,
that the b'ar didn't steal them .sheep
artellI?"-Ed Miott, in N. Y. Sun.
-Insurance la athoughtful provision
for the unfortunate and the 1rebjnrg .5.
SELF-CONDOEMNATORY.
Republcans RebelUlng Aaiust Thei Owe
Legislatlee.
Some of our republican contempo
raries are grievously disturbed by re
cent occurrences in financial circles and
are declaring that the troubles are due
to democratic interference with the tar
iff and blundering with the finances.
That distinguished dinner-table ora
tor, Mr. Chauncey Depew, declares that
Mr. Cleveland has gathered about him
a cabinet the members of which know
as little abput finances as they do about
Hebrew scriptures.
It is not a matter of record that Mr.
Depew is a judge either of financial
matters or of scriptures of any kind.
He knows a good joke well enough
when he sees it to appropriate it, but
he has given no evidence that he has
gained the least tinancial wisdom even
by absorption. On one occasion at least
Mr. Carlisle demonstrated his superior
ity in financial foresight to the aggre
gated wisdom of the national banks.
In 1881 Mr. Carlisle offered an amend
men to the refunding act which pro
videW that only 3 per cent. bonds should
be received as security for circulation.
The national banks protested; they
denounced the amendment as a bulldoz
ing measure, and as one form of repu
diation. Nevertheless it was adopted,
and the national banks threatened a
contraction of the circulation and
forced Mr. Hayes and Mr. Sherman to
oppose the Carlisle amendment. It was
vetoed and beaten.
But time has vindicated Mr. Carlisle.
The bonds the banks rejected have bi
come the corner. stone of credit; the
bonds they held have been redeemed
and cancelled. The circulation of the .
national banks, ivtiich, October, 1881,
was 8320.000,000, was, October, 1892,
only $143,000,000. Had the banks
bought the bonds as required by Mr.
Carlisle's amendment, they would have
had twice the money in circulation that
is out to-day, and the clamor for silver
would have been less imperious. -
Nothing in Mr. Depew's cared. not
even his support of Horace Greeley, re
flects such credit on him as Mr. Car
lisle's amendment reflects on the secre
tary of the treasury.
But compare the cabinet of Mr.
Cleveland with the cabinet of Mr. Har
rison and ask the wise men of America
whose opinion they would prefer on
financial questions, that of a body
headed by Mr. Carlisle or that of a
body.of which Mr. Charles Foster was
the shining light. Here in deadly
parallel columns are thIe two cabinets:
C4ec land'e. Iarrisone.
Carlisle, Foster.
C-resham, Foster,
Bissell. Wanamaker,
Smith, Noble,
Herbert. Tracy,
Olney. Miller.
Morton. Rus!c,
Lament Elkins.
But to Mr. Depew and all others who
find it difficult to live under a govern
ment administered by democrats, it is
well to say that if any mischief comes
from existing laws the laws were made,
not by democrats, but by republicans.
The laws were made in opposition to
democratic protests and in a spirit di
rectly contrary to the democratic spirit.
principles and purposes.
c c' -- ^-tt cannot be
cha -.rgel .r -{ " ...: . ,. ,, r,
authority to repeal either bill, both of
which he condemned. They were fasten
ed on the people by republican
leaders in congress; they can be re
pealed only by congress. The impa
tience expressed by the republicans
with their own laws is swift condem
nation of vicious legislation.
A democratic congress will be called
together in due timg to rid the country
of these two examples of republican
statesmanship-the McKinley bill and
the Sherman bill. It does not take
one familiar with Hebrew scriptures to
see that these measures are working
mischief.-Louisville Courier-Journal.
COMMENTS OF THE PRESS.
-The republicans mean business
In calling for a long tariff campaign.
They will fight it out on that ly'n, if it
takes all summer.-Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
-Every few days Mr. Clarkson dis
covers a new cause for republican de
feat. As there were so many causes Mr.
Clarkson will undoubtedly make more
discoveries.-N. Y. World.
- It may be true, as Clarkson
thinks, that there is a Harrison and an
anti-Harrison faction in the republican
party, but the Harrison party faction
consists chiefly of Mr. Harrison himself.
-St. Lcuis Republic.
- Secretary Carlisle is naturally
wary of the plutocratic patriots who
travel clear to Washington to volunteer
their advice. lie knows enough to be
on the alert when the Greeks come bear
ing gifts.-Detroit Free Press.
--Ohio did not care to push its can
didate for the presidency of the nation
al league of republican clubs, after it
was developed that the leaders were
not there and those who were assem
bled were doing the most idiotic things
with a pretended purpose of bringing
the party into popular favor once more.
Harrison and McKinley both saw what
was coming in time to get from under.
-Detroit Free Press.
-The complaint comes up from
Louisville that the old-time leaders of
the republican party were chiefy no
ticeable by their absence from the con
vention. That's true. Most of them-
that is tQuse who formerly led the
party to victory-are now in the dem
ocratic ranks. For the absence of those
who have made the party the pitiful
wreck it now Is the league ought to be
grateful.-Indianapolis Sentinel.
--A republican organ, clamoring in
dignantly against the proposition of
the democrats to revise the pension
list, claims that "the 'coffee-coolers,'
the malingerers and the sneaks gener
ally were among the very first men to
get pensions after the war." Very
well. Why should honest men, then,
object to striking these off the rolls?
''hef have already drawn pensions
lon rth many who really deserve
poceiosan isvwille Courier-JournaL.
M'ICINLEY IS MIFFED.
The Napolen ot ProteetLh Aifronted by
the Bepeblnesaa Leagers.
Gov. McKinley is in bad temper over
the action of the national republican
league at Louisville. It will be re
membered that the governor was wide
ly heralded as one of the attractions of
the meeting, and he was expected to
make for the fiftieth time a speech
holding up to admiration the tariff
which bears his name and on which his
claim to political destinction rests.
The governor did not go to Louisville.
Probable he had received a tip as to
the intentions of the league toward his
notorious law, or had been requested to
get up an entirely new speech for the
occasion on any other subject than the
tariff. Anyhow, he did not put in an
appearance, and it was reported in the
dispatches that the republicans who
expected to take a look at the man
whose work had cost the party so dear
ly were out of temper at being cheated
of part of the promised show.
Now it is the governor who is pro
voked. Not a word was said in Louis
ville in compliment of the author of the
McKinley law or in indorsement of his
monumental work. Both were ig
nored, except for the implied re
pudiation in the resolution that
the democrats ought to carry into
effect their platform policy of an
tagonism to the theories upon which the
McKinley tariff was based. The con
vention said as plainly as if expressed
ia the exact words: "You democrats
have declared that if you came into
power you would overturn the MeKini
ley tariff policy. We have had enough
of it. Take the old thing away and
bury it, the quicker the better." Nat
urally the governor does not fancy
such treatment, and he is not backward
in saying so. He informed an inquir
ing newspaper man that "the conven
tion made' a mistake in not affirming
the national platform of 1892." To do
that would have indorsed the McKinley
tariff and its author, which is what the
governor evidently thinks every re
publican gathering should do. But
that was just what the Louisville con
vention did not want to do and did not
do. The leaguers are plainly not Mc
Ki nleyites.
That was not the only mistake made
by the leaguers, according to Gor. Mc
Kinley's notions. They went a little
too fast and too far in monkeying with
the wonlan suffrage question. For him
self he had hardly.. decided whether to
approve or condemn the equality of sex
plank, but admitted that he "did not
see any immediate or urgent need of
woman suffrage." The governor will
hardly win the support of the women
on that statement, but as they have no
vote in Ohio, and are not likely to have
when the governor is making his next
two or three fights for office, their op
position does not give him much un
easiness. He would no doubt trade off
the political support of all the women
in Ohio for an assurance of the votes
and influence of Foraker and his hench
men.-Cleveland Plain Dealer.
THE HAWAIIAN AFFAIR.
Insielde Facts in the Sandwrich Islands
Question.
Throughout the Hawaiian affair M-..
,t' r..ii 'i i'.:".= j:.'-: .e ' "-r;,. · ; · " ,c
s . -..........ry t1. . ):t': ' i. s ... t
the men who attempt to use the federal
government in furthering their private
schemes for securing unearned money.
The removal of Stevens and the ap
pointment of Mr. Blount will satisfy all
who are not in favor of allowing
Spreckels to carry out his plans
through the complicity of the United
States.
It is no longer doubtful that a con
spiracy existed to which Stevens was a
party. It will be easy to show that
the entire disturbance was planned
months in advance and that Stevens
was in full complicity with it. Mr.
Charles Nordhoff, who is now in Hono
lulu for the New York Herald,. has se
cured evidence that the troops from the
Boston were landed under the orders of
Stevens, before, not 'after, the revolu
tion. The actual landing took place
between four and five o'clock Monday
afternoon, and it was not until the
next day that the provisional govern
ment proclaimed itself-as it would not
have done at all if Stevens. as a mem
ber of the conspiracy, had not used
United States marines in the capacity
of rebels against the government to
which he was accredited as minister.
Excepting Mizner in Central America
and Egan in Chili. there is hardly so
disgraceful a record as this in the
history of our diplomacy.
In touching on the plea that Ameri
can capital in the islands must be pro
: cted by the use of the navy. Mr.
Nordhoff says it means that the navy
must be put at the service of Spreelc
els, since Spreckels and one other
planter are the only men in the islands
who have invested American capital.
"The cry that our troops must lie
here to protect American capital is a
fraud," says Mr. Nordhoff. "The prop-s
erty which thus cries out for protection
when no protection is needed is not
American but Hawaiian property, and
has been made here by men Aho vol
untarily left their own country to
make fortunes in these islands, most of
them landing here with less than one
hundred dollars in their pockets."
Mr. Cleveland already commands the
confidence of the people by hiis
straightforward and courageous action
in opposing Spreckels, and when all
the facts are bought out there will be
no room fer two opinions. It is al
ready certain that a most disgraceful
conspiracy existed and that but for
Mr. Cleveland the government of the
United States would have been used as
a cat's paw in carrying it. out-St.
Louis Republe.
-The republican national league
used the soft pedal when it touched the
tariff issue at Louisville. The McKin
Icy schedule nas put off with a bricf
indorsement of the Minneapolis plat
form of 18hl. is the "g. o. p." begin
ning to find out what struck it last, No
veaamhr--lCr~waua City Starm -
THE FARMING WORLD.
BARBED WIRE FENCES.
They Were Used in Framee as Lons Ago
as 1661 and 186600.
The writer has already called atten
tion to French patents of Orassin
Baledans, 1881. and Janniln, 1865, for
barbed wire fences, which are both an
terior to the earliest date of invention
set up by the first American patentee of
a barbed wire fence, who, as is well
known, provided the wires of a wire
fence with a series of spur wheels.
Almost about the same time a Breton
brick manufacturer, Gilbert Gavillard,
received a French patent, dated August
27, 1867, No. 77,570, for a barbed wire
fence, which may be described as fol
lows, by following as nearly aaepossible
the French description:
This fence is compo gal
vanized wires and of spines, also gal
vanized, placed between and clamped
by two strands, while the heads are
covered by the third strand. These
strands of galvanized wire are twisted
together, so as to present iron thorns
on all their faces. In order to form a
fence, it suffices to plant posts in the
ground and attach thereto, by means of
iron wire hooks, three of these artificial
thorny branches, which are placed at a
sufficient distance apart to prevent an
AN EARLY FRENCIH PATENT ON BAnRBEE
WIRnE.
imals from going over this thorny ob
stacle.
A drawing annexed to the patent is
herewith reproduced.
It will be seen that it presents, in a
very striking way, how an ox is pre
vented from reaching an apple on the
other side of the barbed fence. Al.
though the drawing does not show the
form of the barbs, it is evident that
they are 1-shaped. and that the third
wire or strand prevents the barbs
from dropping out by locking them ji
place between the two other strands.
The (Gavillard patent may be considered
as resembling the Michael Kelly pat.
eat of February 11, 1868,. No. 747.37.
A. M. Tanner, in Scientifc American;
BEEF AND BUTTER.
DalrySmen who Are Jacks at All Trader
Cannot NSucceed.
Mr. henry Stewart believes that
there is no good reason why the farmer
should not combine dairy production
and beef production. That depends
upon what sort of a dairy it is intended
to maintain and whatttort of beef it is
intended to produce. If a farmer doe'
not care much about his dairy and cares
just as little about his beef, the plan is
good enough. Any plan would be well
enough in that case. There are farm
ers who simply desire to make enough
butter for home use, and if there is any
over they take it to the country slime,
not get tag.,r ih for.it and not arinu
ir...................'......... .~
case. lBut if a man believes that there
is money in the dairy anti means to go
at work to get it out, and intends to
prosecute his business as if he had faith
in it, he had better not try to be a Jack
of all trades. The man who achieves
success in this world is the man who
does not get too many irons in the fire.
Every minute of energy that the dairy
man expends in the direction of mak
ing beef production a prominent fea
ture he will take from his dairy, and
the dairy will suffer. If he wants to
produce beef, better go at it, and make
the dairy subordinate. If he wants to
do all lie can with the dairy, better
make beef production subordinate.
That is sound, and experience will show
it to be so.-Farmers' Voice.
Plan for Cheap Hog lHousne.
Build a regular frame, 7 or 8 feet
high, SOx:is. Have your feeding floor
right in the middle, lengthwise, 4 feet
wide, with five stalls on each side of the
feeding floor: also a door to each stall
all aroundl. For feeding floor the door
on one gable end, also one window on
each gable end and half windows on
each length side as high up as can be.
For floor take good oak plank. For
par'itions I would take sycamore or
any other kind of hard lumber. Each
stall ought to have its own trough, and
stick out to feeding floor enough to
put in your swill and feed; and one or
two wooden ventilating chiluneys on
the roof. Windows ought to be fixed to
open when wanted. This hog house
will be handy for winter and summer
use. You must have four long sills
and two short ones. All the bottom
timber ought to be oak. On cost you
can have your own figures. My figures
are *13 a thousand beet on lumber all
1ound; would -bring it to about 5125,
besides carpenter work. -Rural World.
The Production
In our experience in p milk
we have succeeded best by using from
16 to 20 pounds daily of afeed composed
of 100 pounds of bran. 50 poutds of
wheat meal, 80 pounds of buckwheat
shorts and 50 pounds of corn chop, says
a correspondent. The bran we use is
not the "new process" bran--that we
have found out by experience to be
worth a good deal less than we paid for
it-but a good, solid, old-fashioned
orami-shorts and all. The wheat meal
is made by grinding low grade wheat
and taking out only the bran. The
buckwheat shorts we regard as es
pecially useful in causing a large flow
of milk, and the corn we add for its
heat and flesh producing elements. A
ton of this mixture costs us, at present
prices, $10.7. per ton. Ve occasionally
add oil meal in small quantities, but do
not think it would pay to add rewularly
at s-. per ton. We have no arrange
m-nts for cooking, and eq feed dry.
F7armcra' Voiew.?
WANTS HARD ROADS.
An Lilnols Warmer Presents a Few Irre
futable Arguments.
If you will take the trouble to find
the amount of road and bridge tax that
is spent by our commissioners; then add
to it the amount that the taxpayers
are allowed to work or visit out under
the supervision of the "patlhmasters;"
then add the poll tax at $1.25 per day,
you will find that it is not the want of
means that makes our roads so bad,
but it is the way the money is spent
that causes the roads to be in the con
dition they are. One-half of the money
spent in each township if used to make
hard roads would make several miles
each year. "Ahl!" says one. "I thought
you were opposed to hard roads!" I am
certainly opposed to voting an increase
of tax to build hard roads under the
present system, but the only way we
will ever have good roads is to use
gravel, stone or burnt clay in the form
of brick. We have tried every form of
dirt road that can be thought of and it
is a failure with us at certain times and
under certain conditions, and the de
mand at this age is a road that can be
used at all times. The dirt road is like
the "little girl who had a little curl"
"when she was good she was Vsery, very
good, but when she was bad she was
horrid."
Now we have proved that one judge
at our fairs does the work better than
three. I think the same rule will ap
ply to our road commissioners. If we
have but one .ve will not have so many
adjourned meetings for the benefit of
the fellow that did not come. Then if
the responsibility all rested on one man
he would give some thought to the
work, and there would be no one else
to lay the blame on for the mistakes he
might make.
Then let us have the funds divided
equally-one-half to be used to keep
the roads in repair, the pathmasters to
be instructed to haul all the gravel they
can on the worst places in their re
spective districts, and the commission
ers to use the other half to make hard
roads, beginning on the one that
is most used and at the end near
est the county seat or leading trad
ing station. If we will do this it will
be but a few years until each township
will have one leading road made goodl
and the worst places fixed on the others.
and then we have the largest part done.
for the leading roads are the ones that
get the worst owing to the great
amount of heavy hauling clone on them.
After we have demonstrated that we
can make good roads as cheaply as poor
ones we will be willing to vote an in
crease of tax to hurry the good work
along.
As to the material I believe there is
more gravel and stone than most peo
ple think. There are places on our
prairies where there is plenty of gravel
from two to five feet below the surface.
Coal is cheap and burned clay or brick
makes good road material. As the old
saying is "where there is a will there is
a way," and if we make up our minds
to have good roads the material will be
found. Now let us agitate .this road
question and try change. We have
been turning theJAirt over for about
forty years and have not foun, the good
side vet. so let us try something elsc.
FS-AiIEFI.. Al'· ¬1O^1.
In that part of the MidwayYlaisanee
at Chicago devoted to nurserf exhibits
Chief Samuels will illustrate what these
terms mean. The French have sent
over some fine examples of this kind of
gardening operations, viz.. some fruit
trees of bearing size. An espalier is a
frame or trellis on which the tree or
object is trained. A Cordon is a single
horizontal line upon which even apple
trees are grown. They are usually
boundaries to walks. I don't suppose
much will be done in this line to supply
market fruit in this country but there
O-RAPEVINEs TRELLIS.
is no reason why the amateur should
not practice it. There are lots of ways
in which the principle may be carried
out, even if pears, apples, plums, etc.,
are not grown. For example, the grape
vine readily yields to any kind of train
ing either in single canes or many.
Even tomatoes may be trained readily
by beginning as soon as growth starts.
Where there is an abundance of room
most people are content to let them
grow on the ground in a natural way.
But there are a great many who have a
city or village lot and, by a little in
genuity in this way, may grow lots of
things. The engraving from London
(jardening will show the L'rench cordon
method of growing apples. The other
illustration shows a simple method of
stringing wires on a post and is useful
for training the grapevine, etc.
HORTICULTURAL NOTES.
MUCKWEIEAT iss mmended for apple
orchards. Its' pal use, hownEer,
is to keep the se.
PAuRz oREEn ion should be kep'
constantly stirred while t're spraying is
being done. It . readily settles at the
bottom.
CARnors send their roote deep into
the soil, and'therefore are a root that
stands the drought well. One writer
says that "they seem to enjoy dry
weather."
I, people chAnot be indauced to spray
their fruit trees-and many cannot be
why would it not pay somebody in the
neighborhood to proatpe a spraying ap
paratus and contradt to do the spray
ing?
Pao~PLE sometimes buy choice seed in
small variety and declare that it never
does as well aften thre first year. The
reason ofthdis that it is planted under
the most favorable conditions the lirst
year, and never under auoh conditiong
ppnin -ravain Vu1ica j
andar aNot Desrable.
"Mamma," biped little five-year-eMld
Gracie from across the breakfast ta
ble one Monday morning. "how many
more days before another BSandar
comes?"
"Six," replied mamma, promptly.
"0, I wish 'twas ten," said the tot.
"Why, my love, is Sunday such a lone
some day for you as that?"
"Yes, it's yonesome, and," hanging
hr little head, "I get so dreffully
'hind wif my sewing."-Detroit Free
Press.
An Cndeslrable Guest.
Gamekeeper-[low do you like my
new assistant?
Innkeeper-Oh! I like him and) don't
like him.
Gamekeeper-What do you mean?
Innkeeper--He cats enough for two -
and drinks enough for three and I like
him for that, but he never thinks of
paying me and I don't like him fer
that.-Flicgende ilaetter.
Mieant What Ile Said.
Mrs. Smythe-What is poor Mrs. Per
kins going to do now that her husband
is dead?
Smythe-Take in boarders.
Mrs. Smythe-No? Why, she can't
cook?
Smythe-Precisely! Didn't I say that
she was going to take them in?--Jury.
riThe Best lie Could DoJ*
Hotel Clerk (to new bell-boy)-DId
you wake up No. 44?
Bell-Boy-No. sah. Cuddent wake
him up, sah; but I did the best I cud.
sail.
"What was that?"
"I waked up No. 45, sah."-larper'
Bazar.
A Natural Inference.
Van Pelt-I infer that most of the
people who get shaved here have hair
on their teeth.
Inrber-From what do you infer
that, sir?
Van Pelt-The persistency with
which you poke the lather into my
mouth.-N. Y. Herald.
Persiflage Over the Fa' V.
"I'm going to call my baby Charles."
said the author. "After Lamb, be
cause he is such a dear little lamb." -
"Oh, Id call him William Dean,"
said the friend. "lie HLowells so much."
-Brooklyn Life.
A r.ECEANT SPOUSE.
~uaka
I40
Colt-Why this sadness. mcjmerl
why those tears?
The Mother-Ah, my syni Tit
!ru : : ?as c. .Yori fn th-r Ercn o$
c'j~lil a iull l )j'-t·r I.· I( 120k.~ff
Potts-The illness had omnethang L'#
do with it, but not b" civien hm a
scare. One of the papers l; ited an
obituary of him and he has beei try
ing to live up to it, t*at's all.-1a
dianapolis Journal.
Self -Posession. -
Fleecy-I'd give anything if I had as
good command of myself as Downey
had'
Bailey-Is Downey so self-possessed
then?
Fleecy-That man can say "truly
rural, up to fcur o'clock in the morn
ing.-Judge.
It Made ago Dil'erencc.
The Judge-You are here as the al
leged murderer of a lawyer.
The Prisoner--You've got it mixed,
your honor. I'm here as the murderer
of an alleged lawyer.
The Judge-Ehl! What's that? Why
didn't you say that before? The pris
oner is discharged with the thanks of
the court.-liuffalo Courier.
Human Nature.
Cumso-WVait a minute, Fangle. I
want to step into the dressmaker's and A
pay my wife's bill.
"Why don't you give her the money'
and let her go and pay it?"
Cumso-She'd order another dreas.A
Buffalo Snips.
A Corremon.
"I sa va man tea'lng down Broad
way-" began Jimpson.
"How do you talik" ejaculated Bar
kins. "You mean you saw the man
tearing up Broadway. They're always
doing that to get at the pipes."-Brook
lyn Life.
The Telegraphy of Marriage.
Carrie Nen-s-I understand Clara
Vane had quite a dot when she married
young Dickerbockcr.
Young Hyson-Yes; but they cut
such a dash the first year they ^were.
married that there is nothing#jC.
Puck.
A Welcome Guest.
Tutter-TWeren't you 'playing the
piano as I rang the bell?
Miss Pinkcrly-Yes. Could you heat
mn from the outside?
Tutter-Oh, no. But I met yout
father in the hail and he said le
glad to see me.-Truth.
Only One Living.
Friend-Does the new landlady
your boarding house appear to be
ting a living out of it?
Boarder-Yes, she is, but we are nob
-N. Y. Weekly.
SA Lay. -
The Ltrd stnrs its lay
When 4e morning air surm
Ihis the hen's loss poetic-
Shl cackles hers.
I -rg
,,~,·-t