LITY LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, DECEMBER 14, 1895. NUMBER 41.
MOUTON BROS.
-DBALERS US
General
!Merchandise.
Lcwest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
ULaceis Avenue, a LAFAYETTE, LA.
C. A. VOORHIES,
ADDRESS:
Dcrblay aend Esplanade Sts . New Orleans, La
Represents -
WM. H. LEE & CO.,
WHOLESALE
LIQUORS,
713 and 7iS Lucas Avenue,
ST. LOUIS, MO.
WV. BERNARD,
Barber Shop,
Domengeaux Building,
Near Southern Pacific Depot.
CIHAS. D. CAFFERY,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
Olike on Madison St.. LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.A.ttorneyUs at ILnw,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
FEED Stable.
FEED g
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
Nlnt-class rigs at reasonable prices
Oreul drivers furnished when required
LAPAIETTE. LA.
4an 1it.
C. DEBAILLON,
LA.WY3EIR.
Will practice in Lafayetto. St. Mary
and Vermillion Parishes. and the *n.
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
fad New Orleans.
LAVAETWT. bA.
RAILROAD BARBER SOP?.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD IELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
MT. CARMEL CON ET
.APAYETTB, I.A.
The system of education inoludes the
rench and English ianguages, MusIo
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comfnrt of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
Ior terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT ani SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Dank Dlidlag.
FRED IOIUTO11, Proprietor.
I Lowest prices, consistent with work
tone. All work promptly attended to
Batisfaction guaranteed.
11. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - -L
E. G. VOORHIES,
ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Larayete. La.
DR. J. L. DUHIIART.
A praotltioner in the State s9 years,
sad In Lafayette Parish 11 yearsn, calls
attention to his new sand siaccessful treat
ment of the respiratory organs. Med*
sal inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cure is
Consumption, in the fast and second
period if they follow oexactly the treao
ment and relief in the third period.
Deafnest and shronio diseases in ga.
Smel a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Publio
Justice of the Peace.
Crr'ful sed pronapt attention given te
te collection of Mila. oseounts notes as
drUfta. 8ale had purcnae of lands ab
tended to. 1-19
C. H. MOUTON,
I1;9or~aE~ ~a~trJ mr.c.
ALL IS BEAUTIFUL
OCh God, how beautiful is earth,
na sunbeam or in shade:;
Her forests witt their waving arch;
Her flowers that gem the glade;
Her hillooks white with fleecy flooks
Her fields with grain Shat glow;
Her sparklir.g streamlets. deep and broad
That through the valleys flow;
Her erested waves that clasp the shore.
And lift their anthems loud:
Her mountains, with their solemn brows.
That woo the yielding cloud.
Oh. God! how, beautiful is life
That Thou dost loend us heroe:
So cheered with hopes that line the cloud,
And joys that gem the tear;
With cradle hymns of mothers young.
And tread of youthful feet.
That scarce in their elaseti bound
Bow down the grass flowers sweet.
With brightness round the pilgrin's staff
Who at the setting sun
Beholds the golden gage thrown wide.
And all his work well done.
But it this earth. hiobh cbanges mar
This life. to death that leads.
Are made so beautiful by Him.
From whom all good proceeds.,
Bow glorious must that region be
Where all the pure and blest.
From every fear and sorrow free.
Attain unbroken rest.
-Mrs. I IL Sigourney. in N. Y. Ledger.
THE TWO CAPTAINS.
ST TOJM HALE.
"To the king."
"To my king."
The toasts, though slightly different,
were uttered simultaneously and a smal il
glass of rare old port was emptied in
honor of each. The scene was the
broad veranda of a South Carolina
plantation, not fifteen miles from the
famous city of Charleston; the time
was the early autumn of 1781; while
the characters were a young captain of
his majesty's artillery, a portion of
which was guarding the city of Charles
ton, and a young w oman in perhaps her
twenty-second year. A famous beauty
was this Miss Phoebe Poindexter, and a
most captivating picture she made, in
the eyes of the captain of artillery, as
she sat thrumming the keys of her
liarpsichord, after replacing the empty
wine glass on the table near her. The
latter was a handsome young man, ap
parently thirty years of .age, with a
perfect air of good breeding and evi
dently of some graces, for he had just
finished a solo on the flute to the ac
companiment of the young lady.
"The fact is, Miss Phoebe, I hardly
know what I should do with myself,
were it not for the possibility of riding
out here to spend an occasional after
noon with you---or should I say, both
in gallantry and truth, every after
noon with you? The town is simply
too dull for a soldier, now that Lord
Cornwallis has taken the major part of
our army with him in his chase after
the rebel Greene."
"And what do you think, captain, are
his chances of capturing Gen. Greene?"
"Oh, the chances are perfect, my
dear lady. Why, the rebels were abso
lutely routed, according to our dis
patches, at the battle of Guilford Court
House, and so badly demoralized that
they ran from the field like sheep. In
deed there was no necessity for our pur
suit. Greene is starving up there in the
mountains of North Carolina and will
surrender at discretion in the course of
a week or two. His defeat and reduced
circumstances will be the excuse, but
the real reason will be British gold. You
remember, of course, our success with
their Gen. Arnold. Well, after a man's
ambition has been killed, he will not
fight in any cause with neither food
utor pay. And that is the dire extrem
Ity to which Greene has been forced by
the glorious success of his majesty's
arms. -My Lord Cornwallis has turned
north and in a month will havedefeated
and captured that little boy of a French
man, La Fayette. With their armies
of the south and of the center defeated.
lie will move next spring upon the only
remaining armies of the rebels, that
under the miscreant Washington. It,
will be a short campaign, a battle, a
rout, a pursuit and then peace-and
with peace will come its delightful
handmaiden love. And then - then,
Mistress Poindexter, I shall have the
honor of claiming you for a bride, of
selling out my commission and living
the quiet life of an English country
gentleman for, I hope, the rest of my
life."
"A charming arrangement of events
for yourself, my dear Capt. WVebb! But
I must say it appears to me as though
Gen. Cornwallis' movement into Vir
ginia is more like a retreat than the ad
vance of a victorious and conquering
army. And as for Gen. Greene, they
say that he is not only harassing Gen.
Cornwallis at every step of his north
ward movement, but has detached his
cavalry and a portion of his riflemen to
reconquer the Carolinas and Georgia."
"On what utter nonsense do these
misguided colonists feed their despair
ing hopes!" answered the captain.
"W'hy, it would be no more ridiculous
for you to assure me that a detachment
of Marion's outlaws were here, sur
rounding this very house, and that I
was in danger of becoming a prisoner
to them, as to--what was that?" The
captain jumped hurriedly from his seat
and, grasping the railing of the veran
ida in front of him for support, looked
anxiously up and down the road that
ran in front of the old plantation.
"It seemed to me like the winding
of a horn," said the lady, calmly.
"And, by my faith, I heard the gal
leping of horses and a short command,"
continued the captain, excitedly.
"Inside, inside, captain, as your value
your liberty," said the lady; "I saw a
mounted man in uniform there in the
bushes just now, and I know the uni
form well."
"And the wearer ?"
"Yes, thewearer."
"Theanqi iE'a detachment of Marlon's
outlaws indeed. Il I will be an agree
able'-ioii kor Capt. Plekens, An in
testieps re.talnq between two rivals
b wili ha 1 Ianasbe save4.
madam, or your own loyalty will tbe put
in question."
"And, pray, what can I do?" asked
the girl drawing herself up to her full
height and looking at the English offi
cer with scornful and indignant eyes.
"You can tell them that there is no
one concealed in your house. He will
never dare to doubt your word."
"You would have me tell a lie to save
you--me, the woman you pretended to
love and wish to make your wife ?"
"It is a case o$ necessity-quick, they
are approaching on both sides. They
have been informed. It is a trick!"
"Where will you hide?" asked the
girl, with an insulting.emphasis on the
word "hide."
"You will tell them that no one is
concealed in the house?"
"I shall tell them nothing but the ab
solute truth-be quick."
"Then there is but one place where
I will be safe," answered the captain,
"and there only if he be a gentleman."
Saying which, the captain darted up
the stairs and entered Miss Poindex
ter's own chamber.
HIe had no more than closed the door
when a lithe, athletic young officer in
the partisan cavalry leaped over the
railing of the veranda and stood, em
barrassed and hat in hand, bowing be
fore the young mistress of the man
sion.
"Phoebel" exclaimed the young sol
dier.
"'Would it not be better to address .
me as your prisoner?" answered Miss 4
Poindexter. "If I am not mistaken, you
have surrounded my home with armed I
soldiers and have come yourself on no I
gentle errand."
"Prisoner Phoebe ?" answered the pa- i
triot captain. "I would never wish to
hold you prisoner, save in the bonds of
love. My presence here needs an ex
planation and I will make it. I have re
ceived information that an English offi
cer Is visiting you this afternoon. It
is a matter of duty. I have been or
dered far in advance of the returning
troops of 'Marion and Sumter for the ex
press purpose of catching some of the
officers at the garrison at Charleston
off their guard; and I expect to appear
at the very gates of that city before I
am done and let them know that, far
from being defeated, as they suppose,
Gen. Greene's army has driven their red
coats from the Carolinas and is chasing
Cornwallis himself to the sea."
"What a romance!" laughed the
young lady. I
"I wish I had time for romance," said
the officer; "there could be no more de
lightful opportunity. Only when this I
war is over will I be able to ask you to
reward a love that has been faithful I
to you ever since we were children.
But to duty. Are you harboring an r
English oflicer here?"
"Why, of course I am," she answered,
laughingly.
"This is no time for joking," said
the captain. "If he is not here, he can
not have been gone a very long time;
and if you delay me he may yet get
within the gates of Charleston."
"It seems to me that you are a trifle
difficult to-day," she replied. "Do you
not believe me?"
"Of course," he said, biting his lips
nervously. "I shall have to search the
house," he continued.
"O, we are quite used to it," she an- 1
swered.
Hle ordered up his men and began a c
systematic search of the mansion and
surrounding buildings. He himself, I
however, stood immovably in front of
the door that he knew opened into her
private apartments, and permitted no
one to enter. The search was therefore
useless. 1
"Well," said she, teasingly, "why do t
you not enter my own room ?"
"If he is an officer he should be a gen
tleman, and could not be there," an
swered the captain. "You have been
fooling me, Phoebe, in order to give him
a start. I do not blame you. I[e was
a guest, and you have but observed the i
laws of hospitality, even though he is 1
an enemy to our country. Farewell- i
remember always I shall come to you 1
when this war is finished."
"W'hy not come before-to-night? s
You will not wish to camp nearer a
Charleston than this, I am sure. Grand- I
mother, who is in town to-day, shop- 1
ping, will be back by tea time, and you
can tell us all the news."
"And may I tell you something else?"
"Yes--without even waiting for the r
war to end. And I will tell you some
thing, too." The young patriot turned
about for a moment--and for a kiss. a
Then springing into the saddle he shout
ed the command: "To horse, the road
to Charleston-gallop!" and was off.
As soon as he and his men were well t
out of sight, the English artillery cap
tain made his appearance. "Isuppose,"
he said, "that I am under obligations to o
you-and yet I thought your truth
fulness would have been the ruination c
of me."
"And could you have admired or loved r
a woman who had deliberately lied?" I
"Well, that is rather an odd question.
If you had told an untruth it would I
have been in a noble cause. All is fair I
in love and war, you know." I
"Even hiding in a woman's apart; t
ment." '
"Oh, yes--when necessitycompelsit."
"W'ell, Capt. Webb," said Miss Poin
dexter, slowly, "will you in your turn
do me a favor?"
"With the greatest pleasure, I am 1
sure," answvered the gallant captain. I
"Will you please mount your horse j
and get safely back into your own
lines," said Miss Poindexter, "and stay a
there." R
"By Jove," said the captain to himself, 1
as he turned away with flushed cheeks, t
"I never intended to marry her, but 3
I'm blest if I don't believe she'd make a
wife that any man could be proud of."
-N-. Y. Truth.
-Weary Watklns-"The doctors say e
we ought to cat more cereal food," h
Hungry IIlggina-"They is too mu'h of a
the serial business about our style of
$IRO' al mad."-1J~l .isagofhs ,Touarl,
H HARRIUON AN- M'KINLEYISM.
few the Ex-PresO-dYt Stood When the
High Tarte Esw Was rased.
The friends of Benjamin Harrison,
who, with doubtful tact, but with very
clear comprehension of public senti
mnent, are striving to clear him of any >
responsibility for the McKinley law
have doubtless forgotten the ringing
Indorsement pf that measure sent by
him as presi it to the Fifty-first con
gress at the opening of its second ses
sion in December, 1890.
The occasion was scarcely one for i
eulogy of McKinleyism. Proud of their
achieveleant in reforming the tariff by
increasing its burdens, the republicans
In that house of representatives had
gone cheerfully before the people a
month before seeking approval and re
election. The legislative triumphs of
their career had been the enactment of
the Sherman silver law and the Mo
Kinley tariff law. The vice of the for
mer had not at that time been discov
ered and it did not form an issue in the
campaign. The merit of the McKinley
method of promoting prosperity by in
creasing the burdens of taxation and of
facilitating commercial intercourse
with foreign, nations by refusing to
purchase their goods was the question i
before the electorate. Democrats con
fidently accepted the issue republicans
had raised.
The outcome of the general elections
of November, 1890, is well remem- 1
b6red--obviously very fresh in the
minds of those politicians who are now
striving to free ex-President Harrison
from responsibility for it. Of the one i
hundred and seventy republican con
gressmen who gathered to listen to the
reading of the president's message
eighty-two had met defeat as a reward
for their activity in increasing taxation
at the behest and for the profit of the
tariff-fed millionaires, out of whom two
years earlier Senator Quay had fried
the fat for the benefit of the republican
party. The people paid for the fat in
increased taxation and vented their in
dignation upon republican candidates
at the polls. A republican majority in i
the house had been converted into a
democratic majority of one hundred
and forty eight. When Reed, the czar; .
mounted the speaker's rostrum to call t
the house to order he gazed down upon 1
a sea of faces destined at the end of 1
that short session to disappear from con
gressional life.
Into this cave of gloom President
Harrison sent a trumpet blast of praise
for the very measure which had caused
the republican downfall. Under it, he
declared, "we shall secure a larger and
more profitable participation in foreign
trade than we have ever enjoyed and
we shall recover a proportionate par
ticipation of the ocean carrying trade
of the world." How far these opti
mistic prophecies failed of realization
is a matter of recent history. Continu
ing his eulogy of the law, which he
would now disavow, the president de
clared it worthy "the support of those
who believed that American legislation t
should conserve and defend American
trade and the wages of American work
men," and insisted that there was
"neither wisdom nor justice in the sug
gestion that the subject of tariff re
vision shall be again opened before this
law has had a fair trial."
Clearly if President Harrison was in
different to the progress of the tariff
bill through congress, and only vague
ly acquainted with its nature when he
assumed responsibility equal to that
of both houses of congress by signing it,
he wasready enough in December, 1890,
to defend it with all the warmth of
which his nature is capable.
Indeed, his zeal in its behalf went
beyond mere defense. lie looked out
upon a great nation which had just re
pudiated the law and its makers. He
knew, as every American must know,
that in this democracy the people are
the source of the law-making power -
and their verdict is final and conclusive.
but, in effect, President Harrison said
to the republican congress: "Never
mind the people. They do not know
what they are doing. They possess no
intelligence equal to your worshipful
body. Give no heed to their demand
for repeal or amendment of the McKin
ley law. Pass on, rather, to the enact
ment of a federal election law, so that
with the aid of United States judges 1
and the regular army the defeat of re
publican candidates for congress may
henceforth be averted."
Indeed the profalie sentiment regard
ing the public which a certain Vander
bilt once uttered the president then
reechoed. "Misinformation regarding
the terms of the act," he insisted, "had
been widely disseminated abroad and
at home." The simple, credulous peo
ple had been duped. They had not 1
properly understood the merits of the
reciprocity clause in the bill which, by
taxing our people'higher on the goods
from foreign nations which taxed their
people on goods imported from ours,
made the whole thing symmetrical and t
wholly beneficent. But he cheerfully t
prophesied that all this dissatisfaction
of the electorate would be "corrected
by experience and that the evil augu- r
ries as to the results of the law con
founded by the market reports, inter
national trade balances and the general t
prosperity of our people." Here, again,
President Harrison was luckless in his
prophecy. After two years' experience
the people who had already turned the
McKinley congress out of office ejected
with even more emphasis the man who 8
signed the McKinley bill.--Chicago
Chronicle.
-A cross-roads republican organ
in Ohio oracularly avers that the im
provement of business is due to the
prospect of the triumphant election of
William McKinley as president in 1896;
and we guess that its claim is about as
near right as the vaunt of its repub
lican contemporaries that the better
times are the result of the election last
year of a republican congress which
will not meet until next December.-- i
Lansing Journal.
- B. Hlarrison's political shrewd
ness seems to be in a good state of pres- I
ervation, whatever else may be said of
him, lie has inspired a public senti
msnent that he does not wish to be held I
responsible in any way for the MoRIR* I
ter *'U,·OhiO6@e UTrUlU. (ReaD e)
PROSPERITY AND PRICES.
P The Democratie Tait Ieduces the CeOt
oft Neeossrie.
When the southern cotton crop and
the western cereals now coming for
ward are actually marketed the coun
try has in prospect a season o= great
and substantial prosperity. t piom
r ises to extend not only to manufactu
ing regions where the activity in Iron
and the textiles is bringing in money,
but to the agricultural communities
whose trade does so much to increase
the comfort of the residents of all the
great cities.
It is not to be expected that the Thib
I une should feel satisfied with sueb a
l situation, but it is useless for it to at
tempt to ignore the fact that our ex
ports for eight months this year show
a gain of eleven million three hundred
and thirty thousand dollars. This is in
spite of the home-market idea that we
ought not to try to trade with foreign
ers, but as it is bringing money into
the country and helping to make a Mo
Kinley calamity campaign impossible
the Tribune will have to take it into
consideration.
It will also have to take into consid
eration the proximity of the businese
I like announcements in its advertising
columns to the columns in which it
gives its own unbusinesslike view of.
the tariff.
As every one knows, the McKinley
bill was drawn to increase taxes and
decrease revenues. It made duties
high to prevent importation. Having
discovered that the annual revenue
from the Wilson bill amounts to two
dollars and thirty-six cents per capita,
against only one dollar and ninety
cents per capita under the higher du
ties of the McKinley bill, the Tribune
makes the preposterous assertion that
this increase is "drawn from the pock
ets of the people."
In the very next column, however, [
advertises a variety of goods at Wilson;
bill prices, and in doing so utterly re
futes its claim that the increase in rev
enue is an increase in taxes. When un
der the McKinley law did it ever offer at
seventy-three cents a yard such "body
Brussels carpet with border" as it is now
offering? When under republican
tariff duties did it ever invite the pub
lie to buy a suit of cheviot for ten dol
lars as it is doing now?
Instead of doing anything of the
kind it contended that "a cheap coat
makes a cheap man." That was ab
surd but logical MbKinleyism, and it
will either have to go back to it or re
fuse to take advertisements offering
the public low-tariff bargains at Wil
son-bill prices.-N. Y. World.
STILL INCREASING.
Exports and Manufactures Orowing rades
the Wilson Tariff.
At the risk of infringing on their pa
tience we must again ask: What have
our high tariff friends to say now of the
effect of the Wilson bill on the manu
facturing business of this country? Are
they still of the opinion that American
mills and factories will not be able to
meet European competition in their
home territory? The new law has been
in force about a year, and what is the
result? The cotton mills of New Eng
land and the south are all running. The
weekly output of our iron furnaces has
for a couple of months been larger than
it was at any period under the McKin
ley bill. The fiourmills of the country
are busier now than they ever were
before. Our wood-working establish
ments are behind in their work and
steel manufacturers have orders enough
ahead to keep them busy for months.
The same is true of our woolen mills,
tobacco factories and manufacturing
establishments generally.
Trade has been stimulated and manu
facturers are exceptionally busy in con
sequence. They have been able to
meet European competition, not only
in the United States, but in other
countries as well, and even in Europe.
Our exports of manufactures have been
increasing steadily for several months.
The only exception was in June.
They were smaller that month than in
May, but larger than in any other
month of the year. They were larger,
too, than in June, 1894. From a little
over $12,000,000 in February-about the
same as in the corresponding month of
last year-they have increased steadily
month by month, not counting May,
when our foreign trade was so excep
tionally heavy that increase in the suc
ceeding month could not be looked for.
The official report for August shows
a gain that month of about $2,800,000
over the sales of our surplus manufac
turers in the corresponding month of
last year. As stated in that dispatchb,
our exports for the year to September
1 amounted to $120,440,864, as compared
with $118,050,145 in the first eight
months of 1894. If the same percent
age of increase is kept up to the end of
the year, the total for 1895 will foot up
nearly $195,000,000, or $10,000,000 more
than our exports of manufactures in
the best fiscal year of the McKinley
period.
Our manufacturers certainly have no
reason to complain of the results of
democratic legislation on the tariff.
They have been benefited and so have
their customers and the country in
general.-St. Louis Republic.
COMMENTS OF THE PRESS.
-Mr. Harrison's own city having
gone pell-mell for the democrats, an
other interview from Col. John C. New
is now about due.-Louisville Courier
Journal.
-Democrats are coming out of the
woods in droves with the advent of
good times. There was a change of i
seven thousand votes in the democratie
direction in two years in Indianapolis
-St. Paul Globe.
-The McKinleyites have finally I
stated the case as they understand it.
They will demand in the republican I
platform of 1896 a general revision of
the tariff, but no increase, except that
the duty on wool shall be restored.
They will go into the campaign on a
platform of higher prices for clothing,
carpets and hats and caps A plat
form and candidate running on the
issue of higher priceasfor necessaries of
life willt not get far ti the est.Igpa
QwtorseQbwonio3l
P. DEfIANADE,
The Up-to-Date Merchant,
Groceries, Crockery,
Liquors, Willowware,
Fancy Goods.
J?'reslh SStock ! Cheap PIrioems
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHIAN.
DRU GGISTS,
-AND DEALERS IN
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
Fancy and Toilet Articles.
School Books and Stationery. Base Ball Goods. Cigars
and Tobacco. [leillier's Perfumes.
PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIGHT
P. DAMANADE & CO.,
LIQUORS,
Wines and Tobaccos,
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON,
LUMBE R,
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
OFFICE AND YARD:
Near Railroad Depot, : : Lafayette, La.
Cypress and Pine Lumnber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles,
Sash, Blinds, Mouldings, etc.
T aoirCTeagon, Cist rns.
Screen Doors and Extension Screen Windows.
6ICYCLES.
Are the
Highest
of all
" High
Grades.
Warranted Superior to Any Bicycle Built in thie
Wlorld, Regardless of Price.
Read the following opinion of one of the moat prominent
American dealers who hassold hundreds of these wheels:
RICamoND, VA., October 2, 194.
MSh W~rm Wood Indiana Bieyele Co., Indlanapeis, Ind.
r.c re,.h.. eb. T enetlemni--Th Waverly Seorclher and Belle came to hand y esterday.
e,..="" ' s,"- t We are afraid yes have sent us the hlgh-priced wheel by m &take. YoC -
,C.inc .e ..--.es .wel~ can't mean to tIll us that this wheel retails for $55? We must saa thasty
)tel a. lllnWqverly is without exepptlon. the prettiest wnheel we have ever een, man moft
cnner Tre weieht over. we have faith In It allouh It welighs only 22Lpounds, for ail W'surly
2. .o......... $5.00 we hare sold this yearand last (and y ou know tt i. rlgbteed a
weights ......... e dfeet, and that I | oe than we can safor any other wheehw
hadies1" '  ro r a highi grede, so-cl.ed. that wse. We ennratuiate ourselves evelr y 4s
-La--me --' --~-.---- that we are the Waverly agents. oura lY'ty.
2I free ..........p.. WALTTER C MRCER S CO..
tadte' lmo.  t. ILLUSTRATED CATALOULUE FREE. :
Indiana Bic
lndianapolls, Indiana, ·"
1, QLOQ , Uxilusive Agcnt, : afycttf