' -I mea stove
w ~ .sjtoe a 'lifter'
b n inc
m~ s in the basement,
SWouman (meditatively)-Are they ,ll
S rk(dumfounded)-No, madame.
- man (triumphantly)-Then I don't
S"'tay.m - I wouldn't be seen. putting
p p a stove with a jaekscreiy that wasn't
ilver plated. I'llgodeal at some store
where they have a better class of cue
:,om and keep aristocratic goods Good
asprnlng.-N. Y. Weekly.
Aa.- l AU Pre.eenet.
"It pains me to report," said the
.. bTiriana of the investigating com
miattee, "that we have been grievously
betrayed, grossly deceived."
"How?" asked several members in.
uinison.
"I have just learned," explained the
ohairman, regretfully, "that there are
- ome members of this committee who
really wish to investigate."--Chieago
Evening Post.
He anew Too Well.
Actress (to editor)-See here! In this
(rticle you say that I am about to start
.at on a "starving tour," when I dis
SInctly told your reporter that it was
Ito be.a "starring tour."
Editor-Well, you see, he was an
- aor himself before he went into this
business, and naturally he knows how
'It islamself.-Town Topics.
Womar, Woman. Lovely Woman.
Esmerelda Longoffin - I saw you
Was Miss -Elderly yesterday when you
-met her on the.street. I thought you
-and she were at daggers' points. I
"-now she talked shamefully about you.
Birdie McHenepin-I know it, too,
!but she has grown so old and ugly that
1 have forgiven her everything.-Texas
~iftings.
iaer Reason.
Mr. Younghubbe-Don't you think,
' y dear, that you cook twice as much
as we need?
- Mrs. Younghubbe (artlessly)-I did it
purpose, darling; I want to try some
of those "Hints for Housekeepers
How to make dainty dishes from what
was left over from yesterday."-Detroit
Sun.
Helping Hle lriend.
Bagley-You might help a fellow, if
ou wanted to. I'd like to have Ger
Brude find out all aboutmy good points
from an outsider.
. Bailey-I'm helping you, Bagley.
Why, it is only yesterday that I did my
best to convince her that you were no
booll-Puek.
After the Quadrille.
H--Ah, mademoiselle, if I were
iceh and lovely as you are I know what
j would do.
She-Marry a count, I suppose,
H e-Not at all.
She-What then?
He-If I were you rd marry me,
fudge.
Mate S eld In Denver.
Davnaa, Sept. 10.-My journey from
Chicago was over the Chicago, Burlington
&Quincy Railroad, one of the best man
aged systems in the country, I should says
judging b the civility of the employes, the
comorti experienced, the excellence of it
roadbed, and the punctuality of arrival. I
actually reached Denver ahead of time. The
Burlington Route is also the best to St.
Paul, Minneajolt, Omaha and mansas City.
Tun highest problem of any art is to cause
by appearance the illusion of a higher
realitG.-Goeothe.
Like a Venomons Serpent
Hidden in the grass, malaria but waits our
approach, to spring at and fasten its fangs
upon us. There is, however, a certain anti
dote to its venom which renders it powerless I
for evil. Hostetter's Stomach Bittersis this
acknowledged andworld-fainedspecic, and
it is, besides this, a thorough curative for
rheumatism, dyspepsia, livercom plaint, con
stipation, la grippeandnervousness. In con
valescence and age it is very serviceable.
Hs-"Will you be mine-mine until death
as do part?" She-"I don't know about
that; you look as if you might live a good
many years."-Indianapolis Journal.
9sDnpp isaeaa ul Ivan ui T uasquo e pr.
i ~-- 1
Fall
Medicine
Is fully as important and as beneficial as
Spring Medicine, for at this season there
is great danger to health in the varying
temperature, cold storms, malarial germs,
prevalence of fevers and other diseases.
All these may be avoided if the blood is
keptpure, the digestion good, and bodily ~
health Vigorous by taking
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifiler.
Hood's Pills curO a l,r Ull bilious.
ness, headaches. 25c.
tBEST IN THE WORLD.
STOVY POLISB In
cakes. tor generae
_112 SUN PAST
". " e UBrea, Props... Cantoe, M ., U.S..4l
Tarf and Wagon t
~ap~r~.rLii
inrtUtegtirtst. -
The south is peculiarly the hotehof
be :the hortipnlturist. It is true that ina
s. many :=vspeets we have been behind
some sections of the north, but this is
lk- because we have ngglected to seize our
advantages and- make the best ti ble
;- use of themni. For the past twenty
years, however, a metamorphosis has
il- been going on in the south and par
ticularly along the lines of railway
leading from the south to the centers
a% of trade and commerce. In antebellum
og days and in the period Jhst following
n't the war, the immense traffic which
re has since then developed between the
as- two sections was undreamed of.
od The south consumed vast quan
tities of the bacon and flour of the
north and paid for it with cotton; but
he now the south is in a very large meas
ure raising her own bacon, is produe
m- ing much of her flour, and her cotton
y crop goes on increasing, in addition
to which we are sending each year in
ever-increasing quantities fruits and
he vegetables to supply the tables of the
north. This traffic begins in mid-win
ter, while the north is still frozen to
ho the core, unaffected by the balmy
go breezes which sweep the gulf and
warm up the southern soil. In Janu
ary and February, in Florida and
is Louisiana and southern Georgia, Ala
rt bama, Mississippi and Texas all garden
products, including those of semi-trop
as ical regions, are growing unprotected
from frost in the open fields, and
where the business has been devel
iis oped are being shipped northward. As
the season advances the center of
heaviest shipment moves northward
until it loses itself in the regions im
mediately surrounding the great
on northern cities, with which, on ac
on count of distance and freight rates,
on the southern shipper can not compete
I after the season opens to the northern
m. growers. By the time, however, the
mo. southern grower has marketed his
at crop, which to him has passed out of
as season, ant he turns his attention to
other crops in turn which have not
come in the north, or supplies the
northern markets with such products
as can not be raised successfully there
at all.
It Thousands of farmers in the south
ne have realized small fortunes from
- products which twenty-five years ago
at .ere never raised except for home con
st sumption. The pioneer of these prod
ucts has been the strawberry, about
contemporary with which may be
mentioned onions, raddishes, lettuce,
if all of which have been quickly fol
r- lowed by scores of other small fruits
to and vegetables.
The growth of these in the south for
f" shipment has practically abolished the
Ly period when fresh vegetables can not
0o be found upon the tables of even the
poorer classes. The feld is prac
tically unlimited. As the country
re grows in population and wealth
the business of the fruit and vegetable
growerincreases. Thetime haspassed
when the smaller fruits and vege
tables were largely regarded in the
light of condiments to such staples as
bread and meat. The earth will pro
duce more in weight and life-sustain
ing power of the former than of the
latter per acre. They are becoming as
m much necessities as meat and bread,
soand this is a lesson all horticulturists
as should endeavor to teach.
1e The south is peculiarly suited to the
j business. TIhe soil is largely of a light.
ie warm and sandy nature, thereby be
i. ing better suited for such products
Y' than the northern soil. By coming
ge into market weeks and even months
:r before the same products in the north
are matured, the southern growers has
gathered his crop, has realized on it
r and is out of the way. If he finds it
then unprofitable to ship north lihe has
left his own home market which is not i
s a thing to be despised, and which is I
d constantly growing in importance as I
manufacturing plants move southward a
. and cities grow in population. Already a
New Orleans, Mobile, Atlanta,Augusta,
Savanah, Nashville, Knoxville, Chatta- I
t nooga and Memphis. not to mention
d scores of smaller cities, are giving
markets that are mines of wealth to
those who properly utilize them.
There is no business where less capi- t
tal is requred and returns more rapid <
and sure than careful and intelligent I
horticulture in the south. With a few 1
acres of land which cost him a mere
pittance, a man can provide for his t
own family wants and realize a hand- I
some surplus to fortify against a rainy t
day.-iHorticultural Review. I
HOGS FOR BACON.
Which Is the Best Bireed for Smokehouse
Purposes ?
WVhere there exists so very much
honest and persistent diversity of opin
ion among swine-breeders touching the
above query, it will be impossible to
settle such an inmportant question to
the satisfaction of all the readers of
the Smwine-lreeder. But, notwithstand
ing such conditions, it may not be
amiss to so examine the matters sug
gested and thereby set thinking ma
chines in motion which mnay result in
practical experiments and resulting
progress.
In this article no breed or breeds will
be named, but the better kind of ani
mals for the purpose will be de
scribed and the readers are left
to determine whether the ad
herents of any one breed can suc
cessfully claim a_ pre-emninence for b
their favorite, for it may be truthfully a
said that between different animals of ti
the same breed are often found as
radical opposites in good bacon pro
ducing qualities as between those of
different breeds.
It is not the intention to here dis- a
cuzs tihe question as to whether thie C
best bacon producing animal is the
most profitable one. but to describe as
nearly as practical the essential quali
ties of the best bacon-producer. In ei
such description color is not involved,
but form of the body, texture of flesh, d
age and condition are the matters de- T
manding careful consideration. Asis b]
doubtless well known, the bacon
pieces are obtained from the sides of w
the carcass of swine and the size and in
construction of such pieces are mat- R
ters which assist in answering the st
conundrum under consideration.
L he essentials for the production of in
the best quality of bacon are the rela- d
tive proportion of the fat to the lean I
po .4fra1: firmness of the fat por
-the tenderness of the lean au
The lean portion consists of th
murscleo of the body pae~se g pt
stdle and belly, Thest-~J.. A0 m
ewe-at ieedturpom o@1 we
1: :e jos t ierierisih- is
'hi -eiqar ;tr.-t1fa ke more 'ilhmal.
Sne upoie in active mo
i tion -the more, uch muscles will 'be ia
,a' use; and it a further tree tht ell
is swine have the sa. numPberi of ms
or ele It thbereore follows- that. is a
de long narroww; body the side mulales
must be nearer together than in the
Sshort, deep-bodied animals.
It is true that the width or thickness
of the muscles may. and do, exert some
Sinfluence as to the proximity bf the
s several muscles of the sides, bpt not
Ssufeient to affect.the fact that they
are much closer together an the long.
round body than in the short, deep.
. at-sided animal. Fine hair indicates
n- fine skin. and fne ytin indioates fine
he tissues, espeeially of the fat tissues.
at In round-bodied animals the excess of
fat stored up is placed. much more
s plentifully upon the back than in flat
sided animals, and in such cases'the
m round-bodied animal's fat is, as a rule,
in firmer than the fiat-bodied ones.
Id Age and condition have also an in
se fluence, in that the younger animals
n- usually produce muscles that are
tender as compared with aged ani
mals. Quickly-fattened animals also
i produce more tender meat than
u- those that are always fat. An
d animal that is too fat is not so
a- good for bacon as one that has only a
en moderate amount thereof. Sows that
have suckled pigs are not good bacon
s producers because the portions covered
d by the udder is more or less impaired,
d1- but that difficulty may be more than
,s counterbalanced by the extended use
of of and growth of the belly muscles
-d during the carrying period.
Assuming that the foregoing state
t ments are true it is easy to conclude
that it is the long, round-bodied, fine
- haired and firm-fleshed, moderately
a fatted animal ' from- ten to eighteen
Smonthis of age that make the best
bacon-producers. There are in every
is breed such animals in a greater or
f lesser degree, and by care and selec
tion such strains of animals can be
easily produced by care in selecting
and mating.-Cor. American Swine
e Breeder.
FEEDING FOWLS.
How Much Feed Per Hen is the Proper
h Caper T
n How much feed should a hen be al
o lowed so as to give her enough and
I- yet not overfeed her ? That is a diffi
I- cult question to answer, although it is
it frequently asked. Before attempting
e to give an estimate for a ration we
will present the following points:
I- 1. No two hens are alike; one will
:s eat more food than will its compan
ions.
r 2. A hen that is producing eggs re
e quires more food than a non-layer, and
it yet the non-layers may secure the
e larger share.
3. Brahmas are larger than Leghorns
y and eat more food. One Brahma hen
h may also eat more than another hen ofi
e the same breed.
d 4. A hen may eat greedily to-day and
a- yet eat but little to-morrow. Appetites
e differ and vary with hens the same as
s with humans. F
r I. A hen may eat largely of grain one
day and prefer some other food the
e next day. r
s 6. A quart of corn per day for ten
I, hens is the estimate, but if the hens
s eat grass, worms or other foods, the
amount must be deducted from the
e grain. low can it possibly be done?
7. A quart of corn per day may be f
the correct amount for one flock of ten
a hens, while another flock may consume
x two quarts.
8s . It is, therefore, impossible to 1
h measure out a certain quantity of food
a as a regular ration for a flock, as the
t amount of food required can only be a
t known after the hens have eaten. t
s 9. The best way to feed is to give p
t about one-half as much as you may v
s suppose they may require in the morn- e
lu ing. Then scatter millet seed (about e
I a tablespoonful) in leaves and litter, so a
as to make them work by scratching. v
This will keep them warm, harden the t
flesh and promote their appetites. At
a night give them all they will eat. b
SVWhen each hen has enough she will f8
walls away from the food. When the a
last hen has finished her meal remove b
the food that is left over. In. a
other words weigh the food, give li
it to the hens, and when each n
hen has eaten, all having left the food, I
weigh that which remains. You will c
then know just how much a dozen ii
lhens will eat at a meal. The next t
morning give only one-half as much as
they ate, so as to have them somewhat t
hungry, and to induce them to scratch. a
This is the only way to know much n
food to give. c;
10. Foods also vary, and it is not al- ti
ways an easy matter to procure two ro
lots of foods that are alike in quality, n
and no two hens will eat the same e
amount of food nor the same kind as n
readily as they will other foods. tl
11. The point as not to overfeed. fi
This is where the most mistakes are II
made. When a hen is overfed she be- it
comes lazy and sluggish, is subject to h
indigestion, becomes too fat, and will k
lay but few eggs. Soft-shell eggs or a
double-yolk eggs indicate that hensli
are overfed. ai
22. Keep sharp grit before the hens. b
Also keep a cigar-box filled with T
ground bone (not bone meal) where aI
they gcan help themselves. If you want i'
eggs, reduce the grain supply and give tl
more lean meat and cut clover hay, al
sealded. Bran, middlings, milk, cab- si
bage, potatoes, etc., or any variety of
food, will also be an advantage.-I'oul- b'
try Monthly.
HERE AND THERE.
-What profteth it a man it hlie make 0o
a big crop of corn and then let weevils qi
cat it?' h
--Grown fowls are more easily fat
tened than young and growing ones.
But this is no reason why you should
either market or eat poor broilers. a
--Vhien grain is cheap and meat a
dear, feed the grain and sell the meat.
Talk as little ,of hard times as possi
ble.
-The Russian thistle is making its
way south, and has already appeared III
in Missouri and JLCansas. Colman's
Rural World calls the farmners of those
states to arms to resist them.
--Many poultry writers advise sell- m
ing oft hens after the first year, but na
don't do it. The average hen is at her se
best the second year, and their chicks ce
-or chicks hatched from their eggs-
are stronger and better every way than
those from the eggs of inexperienced
pullets. Tbhis viewis founded on pr;o
tloal e perience tad .eafrme4 by v
9**'" . uitest"o 4 ..I
Is "No, I hven't d: Iirf'; g . thi, inns
Smae,"` aeplida41he man, with. the glass
Seye, when tie query ws pet: t at e at`
the kaL . "Ei uite -llhitng :ve years
ago, anJ I shall probably. neyer land
anothe~:.bi s."
"Down oa your luck as a fisherit?"
was asked. .
'"No. not - exactly. Asa 'matter of
fact I used to have extraordinar.y luck
in fishing. It was as accident that
disgusted me with the sport, and the
same accident caused me the -lss .of
this lefteye and laid ae up for several
months."
On being urged to spin Iris yarn he
sighed. heavilytook out and wiped and
replaced his glass eye. and then said:
"I.was living down on the east shore
of Maryland. where the fishlg is just
t immense, and was having more than
i my share of luck, when a fellow esme
down from New Jersey, and we got to
be chummy. After a bit he let on that
he was an eleotrician, and had invented
a fish-killing torpedo. The torpedo
was to be lowered into the water and
exploded from an electric batteryoin
the boat, and the explosion was war
ranted to turn up a boat load of dead
fish. I didn't like the idea at all, but
the thing was intended for market
fishermen, and the inventor prevailed
upon me to go out with him one after
noon and see how the old thing
worked."
"Well?' was queried as the glasseye
man made a long pause.
"Alh! Beg pardon! Yes, I went out
with him, and by and by. we dropped
the thing overboard to let it trail
away behind us about one hundrqt
feet and then explode it. WVe had some
little trouble with the battery, and
unbeknown to us the tide floated the
torpedo back under the boat; When
the explosion came the skiff was re
duced to matchwood and we went sail.
ing into the air. The torpedo man
came down to go to the bottom and
stay there, and I was rescued just at
the last gasp."
"Did the explosion kill any fish?"
"Not a one."
"Your eye was lost in the explosion.
of course?"
"No, sir. I wasn't hurt at all by the
explosion, nor in going up or coming
down. It was while swimming in the
water that a dog shark came up on my
left side, glared at me for a moment,
and then deliberately tnrned around
and stuck his tail into my eye and
gouged it out."
"You don't mean it," gasped one of
the group.
"I mean every word of it, sir!" The
idea, of course, was to get even with
me for the torpedo business, and this
was fully accomplished. Yes, he made
me a one-eyed man for life, and is it
any wonder that I no longer care for
the sport which formerly interested me
so much?"
We looked at him for a long, long
time in silence, and he closed his good
eye and glared with the other at the
diamond shirt stud on the bosom of the
advance theatrical agent. By and by
he rose up and said:
"'I had forgotten to say that after
gouging out my eye the dog shark
swept his tail over my head and re
moved all the hair from my poll, thius
rendering me bald-headed as well. I
received from my mother in Boston to
day a new pocket Bible to replace the
one I lost a few weeks ago. and if you
gentlemen will excuse me I will go to
my room and read a few chapters be
fore turning in for the nighti"-Detroit
Free Press.
EGG HATCHING IN EGYPT.
A Method of Inenbutlon which Is as Old as
the Christian Era.
Among the fellahs of modern Egypt
a process of incubation is in use which
has been handed down from antiquity,
perhaps from the time of Diedorus,
who, forty years before the Christian
era, said that the Egyptians brought
eggs to maturity with their own hands,
and that the chickens hatched thus
were not inferior to those hatched in
the usual way.
Ovens are built,consisting of a cham
ber about eleven feet square and four
feet high, with a flat roof. Above this
another chamber, nine feet high, is
built, with a vaulted roof, having a
small opening in the middle to admit
light. Below, a larger opening com
municates with the room underneath.
In cold weather both rooms are kept
closed and a lamp is left burning in
in each, entrance then being had
through the lower chamber.
When the oven is ready the proprie
tor goes to the neighboring villages
and collects eggs. They are placed on
mats, strewn with bran, in the lower
chamber. Fires are then lighted in
troughs along the sides of the upper
room, the eggs being in two lines im
mediately below. The fires are light
ed twice a day, the first dying out at
noon, and the other burning from
three to eight in the evening. Tihe
first batch of eggs is left for half a day
in the warmest place and then makes
its way for the next, until all
have been warmed. This process is
kept up for six days, when the eggs
are examined carefully in a strong
light. Those that are clear are cast
aside. Those that are cloudy are put
back in the oven for another four days.
They are then removed for five days to 4
another chamber, where there are no 4
fires, but the air is excluded. After
this they are placed an inch or two I
apart and continually turned, this last 1
stage taking six or seven days.
The eggs are examined constantly I
by being held against the upper eyelid
to reveal if they are warmer than tlhe
human skin. The whole process lasts :
twenty-one days, but thin-shelled eggs
often hatch in eighteen. The heat re
quirea is eighty-six degrees Fahren
heit. Excessive heat is undesirable.
Nature.
"I thought you said this horse you I
sold me was an intelligent, reliable (
animal."
"it is."
"WVhy, it tries to get over the fence
every time it sees a girl in bloomers."
"-es. That's what shows its intel
ligence. "-Washington Star.
Let tae thmanes Go lay.
One of the lessons of life which
many people never learn is that it is i
not necessary to make an ass of one's
self merely because one has a magnifia.
cent opportunity.-Pearson's Weekly. I
On she Deep.
Stetwardesa--How do you feel,
Irldget,-I tale ll solo~h) when lay
LR' on me kAck; pt wbin w i ot ot Mg
''t ..... - - .:
So xa.peopls; 1n _,
I assert that hbeir hioes are trightened
-bytheaperan o wa o ap o in bloom
ermis thte -eciy coareil has beeni pe
titlined to prevent women -from going
Snthe ieetsin those gara tis. -
Tan soth maintains its reputetoa
f fie serstishnb. It is noted as an in
Stereting pieet ofw in i: n severaln ir
inia newspaperathat recently ayong
L -woman biteycast nhasi 1ppiared t New
portr ews wearing bloomiers.
pStx PAa anco's .fire department
eommitte has deolared against tual
buildings and recommended the pas
sage of an ordinance prohibiting the
ereotion of fireproof buildings -of
a greater height than 160 feet, sand
providing that buildings that are not
fireproof shall not exceed eighty feet
in height.
STn first penny post to be established
in this country was in 1753 in Philadel
phia, and two years later was extended
into New England by Benjamin Frank
lin. It was not until 188 that the car
rer system was inaugurated by the
post office department.
QUEER ROYAL PERSONAGES.
Quoaw AmasLI of.Portugal is study
ng medione. of the boy
Ore MUSTPrHA, eldest son of the bey
of Tunis died -recently of diabetes at
the age of ifty-nine.
LoanoGxaULs s reported to be alive,
this time by Father Andre, a Catholic
missionary at Bonoma, on the Zambesi,
who says that the Matabele king is
with some thousands of his people in
the Maniks country near the Kafue
river.
LuaWoxA.Asr, the deposed queen of
Hawaii, had a good many curious char
acteristics, one of the most pronounced
of which was a perfect. passion for the
collection of rope knots made by sailors
of different nationalities who visited
her domain..
A scoone's rags may cover as much pride
as an alderman's gown.--"purseon.
Tan quarter of an hour before dinner is
the worst suite ors can choose.-immer
man.
SxPrren.-"Where is your French cook,
Mrs. Toneall" "Sheo has taken French
leave."-Detroit Free Press.
"PAw," inquired Tommy Tucker, "when
it was young did they call it Boyhattan
islands"-Chicago Tribune.
Ha-"I'd kiss you if I dared." She
"Whatt you don't think I'd strike a man, do
yout"-Albany Freeman.
FoRnsIoaT. 'Arry-"I.et's take a baout.
Choraley." Chorley-"Not me! Not just
after a dinner costin' me two shillin's."
Fun.
Jzss-"Thoy say Heaven lies about us in
our infancy." Jaiick-"Possibly; anyway,
the world does when we grow up."-h. t.
Herald.
Man are never so easily deceived as while
they are endeavoring to deceive others.
Rohefoucauld.
NATURAL SeQaBa cE.-"~ I see she was mar
ed in a bloomer suit. What neat.'r "A
di-rorce suit, probblby."-Detroi Free
Press.
I NEVEr listen to calumnies, because, if
they are untrue I run the risk of being de
ceived; and if they are true, of hating per
sons not worti thinking about.-Montes
quieu.
Lat's take the instant by the forward top;
for we are old, and on our quickest decrees
the inaudible and noiseless foot of time
steals ere we can effect them.-shakem
speare.
HE is a great simpleton who imagines
that the chief power of wealth is to supply
wants. In ninety-nine cases out of a hun.
dred it creates more wants than it supplies.
-Anon.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
adatin the world's best products to
stheneedt of phisical being will attest
the vauine to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
-medy, syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
In the form meet acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; efectualy cleansing the system,
dispelling cold headaches and fevers
and permanentt curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gistsin 0c and *1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
accept any substitute it othred
germ-life
The doctors tell us, now-a-days, that disease germs
are everywhere; in the air, in the water, in our food,
clothes, money; that they get into our bodies, live
there, thrive and grow,if they find anything to thrive on.
Consumption is the destruction of lung-tissue by
germs where the lung is too weak to conquer them.
The remedy is strength-vital force.
Scott's Emulsion, with hypophosphites, means the
adjustment of lung strength to overcome germ-life.
It is fighting the germ with the odds in our favor.
These tiny little drops of fat-food make their way
into the system and re-fresh and re-invigorate it.
Whether you succeed with it or not depends on how
good a start the germs had, and how carefully you can
live. The shortest way to health .is the patient one.
The gýsin i often slow. -
1m0 t w Uý *WQWWB fhu`u#ej ' J rýY.i
tlC-.-~- - ~.C J~+ ~ -- R4UPSBi~i-~pC1L---~~
a~;r; u·;as-S-~ I.
net wb*5 we messt. -
Mab-Andi l t re lly the rat. time
you evdr wei~etn ibe, FPreddlet
Fred-Absolutely, darling; but I aI-'
-erely hope it .ont .be the lastl--Illuu
tted Bits.
Plate nad OruamentsL
At Bkir the drinker's druhke are *'plain."
But should he frequently renew. them
With whisky. bereend vile cheampage.
He'll add delirium trimmiA's to them.
-L A. W. Bulleti.
Her iadnigsht arewels.
"I call my girl Adelina Patti."
"What for?"
"She says good-by so many times at
the front door."--Chicago Eecord.
Eve's Wit.
"Nothing but leaves," said Eve with
a twinkle in her eye, when Adam com
plimented her upon her new garment.
-Boston Transcript.
They Feared.
"Why do you suppose the kings of
old were clothed in purple?"
"So that they might be in violet, I
gueas."-N. Y. Recor4er.
Genuine.
Hairdresser-Yes; I pride myself on
the fact that all the false hair I sell is
thoroughly genuine.-N. Y. Journal.
"You ask me to merry you, George?" she
said, slowly. "Do you know that I am
rich'" "Yes." "In my own rightf" "Yes."
"And that you will have to come to me for
money?" "Yes.". "Even for a cab fare?"
"Yes." "And that you will have to walk
in pleasant weather?" "Yes." "And you
are willing to marry me and take the
chances?" "Yes." "Tlion I am yours,
George, and I hope you may be happy."
Household Words.
"I wi L kill him," cried the mcet, "if I
have to tie him fact and read hlp to death
with one of my own sonnets.' --Harper's
Baser.
"DID your uncle remember you in his
willt" "Yes, dear old fellow! Hie left me
his beet wishes in a special codicil."
Harper's Bazar.
"IsN'T that a new ring?" "It's new to
me."- Life.
iribovc
..All
SOthers
There is no soap in the
world that stands so high
in the opinion of thought
fal women as
LAIRETTE
SOAP.
For washing clothes or doing housework, it can't be
equalled. Try it. Sold everywhere. Made only by
The N. K. Falrbank Company, - St. Louis:.
Timely Warning.
The great success of the chocolate preparations of
the house of Walter Baker & Co. (established
in 1780) has led to the placing on the market
many misleading and unscrupulous imitations
of their name, labels, and wrappers. Walter.
Baker & Co. are the oldest and largest manu
facturers of pure and high-grade Cocoas and
Chocolates on this continent. No chemicals are
used in their manufactures.
Consumers should ask for, and be sure that
they get, the genuine Walter Baker & Co.'s goods.
WALTER BAKER & CO., Limited,
DORCHESTER, MASS.
The One Crop System
of farming gradually exhausts the land, unless a Fertilizer containing a
high percentage of Potash is used. Better crops, a better soil, and a
larger bank account can only then be expected.
Write for our " Farmers' Guide," a 142-page illustrated book.. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will make and save you money. Address,
GERMIAN KALI WORKS, 93 Nassau Street, New York.
thte o.d reliable,
DUNCAN'S LINIM NT tested REMEDYb
. Rn EUMAT I SM, Headache, roothache,
. W. GUNTER. CUNONVILLe Au , says: "I have found DUNCAN'S LINIMENT to be
the best remedy for pains generally I ever saw."
!3" For COLIC In HORSES and MULES it Is a *' dead shot."
WEBB EANUPACTUING C00., Proprietors, . NASHVILLE, TE ,N.
A poladalesber of the
change says: "The only ro i
S,'fleotaskes gis wife into - whi
is to tell her he is not mak-ing any n
Wan haveys not been withtU.Pso.' Cae tot
Tass is. nothing that A.man can less at.
ford to v at ome his consoieae
aelyl yamlra cr boure
Is taken inter nal. Price f7i .
A "PacCTICA zjoker" is One for whom no
one has any practical use:-iYoung Men's
Ia ease of doubt in a Kentucky poker
oe always draw both guns.- Walshington
How lase we learn in a day of sorro*.
H. Bon o t .
Mother
Goose
$ A lively little child's book;,
black and white drawings
to any mother who will for
ward a two cent stamp end
her name and address to
lxcuaodsoIw & DELogx BRo,
Philadelphia.
AGENT WANTED
Immediately, in every county, for the DAN
DANIEL COMBINATION PLOW, which takes
the place of every tool, from planting to laying
by. Retails for 86.00. with potato dlgger ex
tra. For full information, with out of plow, etc..
address,
UOOIBE & BOWLI.G, General Agents;
temuiphla. Tenn.
IStLkERS . 8 Et .,
t t nd heav jls~ iron
Bv LEGS our kor oz eve r d ..
APPLICATIONDan Shea 8,
W'o. o8 Jefsrem at.. tEM 4i RM
A. ". , V.. 1874
w.ewam e t we isayVusa Zr~ . pa m