ou o lines of
. di . . Paul R .'. T
are easily reached by rail
in variety from the 'full
"atrim" to the flanel-hirt cos
S.v meal.
b* mst shoo-ting grounds in the North
iOnatkd tributary to the lines of the
Milwaukee a t. Paul R'y. The
_ Chickens promises to be ex
,ood this year; also Ducks and
S.Meee. In ortWhern sin and the Pen
 ss:,Rm LOl f Michigan splendid deer shooting is
S-The Game laws were changed in several
ofJthe Western States this year.
PIll information furnished free. Address
" Hi . HHaaroDo, General Passenger and
fCIket Agent, Chicago, Ill
8 xwLcrrr-"Wife, dear, the are
: e y fresh l" 'How can you l like
th atnhubby The cook fetched them from
the only a quarter of an hour ago."
Ehe Trost After N8-To-Bae.
tfesg o Special.-- eported here to-day
that e large sum of money had been offered
for thefamous tobacco habit cure called No
- To-Bac, by a syndicate who want to take it
off themarket. Inquiry at the general offices
revealed the fact that No-To-Bac was not
for sale to the trust at any price. No-To
BDe's success is marvelous. Almost every
Druggist in America sells No-To-Bao under
guarantee to cure tobacco habit or refund
money.
A Nuw Oix.mR s lady has started a conver
sation clas among the ladies of Chicago, to
t each them howto talk. Now, lct somepub
|ic-spirited citizen getup a class of I.aies
them how to listen.-Baltlinore Sun.
A Ghastly Speetr
Diseaseisever, ) pUfo f itmoretobe
dreaied than t ao idable
tdies wih attactsk eys and .
S.ig/ht's disease, te antd 'gra_ Jr.
alike be proventt iativity of the
neys is rectified in a'time with Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, sovereign also in cases of
rhenumatisn y¢spepsia, consttptption, ma
laria, biliounes did nervdusness. s
Tan Little Tilats: Llfe.- Carrie-"Of
course, I couldhns "Nohe;rinag~t of the
conversation-"+wýa-"No bat a
pity you were not able to hear thextt of
Do Ten Deslre: Asept a Ohi1ld
Address the l4tereational Children's
" Home Society, 28 La Salle St.; Chicago, il
.inois, Rev. Dr. Frank M. Gregg, General
Manager. Such a child as yo may desire,
of any age, will be sent you on ninety days'
trial. -
Ha (smoking--"And what is your opin
ion of the deadly cigarettel" She (looking
him over,-"They are not half as deadly as
they ought to be. '-Detroit Free Press.
I CANNOT speak too highly of Piso's Curs
for Consumption -Mrs. FAarn Monns, '5l
V. 22d St., New York. Oct. 29, 1W4.
FTownEns distilled, though they with win
ter meet, lose but their show; their sub
stance still lives sweet.-Shaklespearc.
. Impure Blood
MVanifests itself in hi es, pimples, boils
and other eruptions which disfigure the
'face and cause pain and annoyance. By
purifying the blood Hood's Sarsaparilla
completely cures these troubles and clears
the skin. Hood's Sarsaparilla overcomes
that tired, drowsy feeling no general at
. this season and gives strength and vigor.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
IJs the only true blood purifier prominent
ly in the publto eye to-day. i ; six for S5.
Hood's PillS re habitual constipa
P tion. Price cents.
i~'LOOK FOR THIS
LOCK
--IT Is ON
""BEST-SCHOOL SHOEMa
R, S.0 .
SCHOOL .
, SHOE O
6tb 74--$1.25 . -11 to 134--$1.75
Sto 10-- I.50 T 1 to 3 - 2.00
IF YO ·'OAN'T GET THEM FROM YOUR
DEALER WRITE TO
HAMILTON-BROWN SHOE CO.,
BIZ. Er omrrs.
DRESSMAKERS
FIND THE
LATEST
PARIS
FASHIONS
-IN
L'Art de La Mode,
8 Colored Plates,
Desigred bry Our Special
Corps of
PAISIAY ART ISTS.
gIrrder it of your Newsdealer or send 858
eants for latest number to
TEE MORSE-BROUGHTON CO.,
O aet 19th St., MEW YORK
Mua mON rams PAPER
L EWIS' 98 % LYE
POWlDhiIb AI PEE ED.
f-".d ruA sdED)
removable 114 the conterts
n.ake the obt perfumed Hard
Soap in 20 minutes without boil
ag,. Nt .lithe best for cleansing
' waste pipes, disinfecting adks,
elosets, washing bottcesi paints
Srem. Agents. FZIL.KKA.. Pa.
DRUG STORE " CHICAGO
SFOL SAL OR MIGHT TRADE FOR
• COOD FARM.
*. *i~-j~tisen b 6e per csnt. Iterct. wo,,ibe ae
S af store. 5 tIS. A ddremt Nst
Ei Case h Wat siver  r t
.' ,ara s a elit Ias Gold n..t.
J.h e e,.slr
asst. fa 1..Whi .4~rr 51 e.
weOaiekeswetb(rfe5A CoW
I'-k
WOMAN ANDIYHOM.
...HOW TO KEEP BIRDS.
SClever Woman's vay of Sheltering
Twenty-Five Songsters.
French and German women keep
their bullflnohes and canaries in cages
that are roomy, decorative little bird
houses, built of thin ground glass,
wood and wire, provided with siphon
water cups, self-cleaning seed boxes
and spacious enough to keep the small
prisoners content and healthy. Such
cages, however, must be specially im
ported, and whoever may wish to keep
a half dozen birds happy, hearty and
S /1
S A CXARM1G CAGE.
sweet of voice, can as easily as not
build 4r them an aviary at small out
lay.
A Aperson who proved how easily and
nezpensively this might be done de
ted to this purpose the space of one
very small balcony, jutting outside one
of her long drawing-room windows. It
extended to the south side of the house,
and for a few dollars a carpenter in
closed it in a wooden skeleton frame
and he fastened into this a roof and
three walls, made of common window
glass, set in cheap sash frames and
bought from a house about to be pulled
down.
Its building was the work of two
days, and iWhen the woodvwrk was
painted a nice sober green the neigh
bors concluded that the unofending
addition was to be filled with plants.
Instead the proprietor of the glass
house had the floor of the one-time bal
cony covered with zine and strewn
with sand and pebbles. Then she
moved in two wooden tubsl, containing
flourishing little dwarf fir trees, here
and there tacked fir boughs against
the house wall, swung a couple of big_
doorless cages from the ceiling, and in
one corner hung a sire sponge rack,
filled with a mixture of threads, cotton,
paper- and dried gra:ss. Into this glass
inclosed space site turned her three
caged canaries, that for two days cow
ered in fear of the strange freedom al
lowed them.
Within a week mother nature reas
serted herself, and they deserted their
cages, first to spend the nights, and
then to begin nesting in one of the fir
trees. After a bit was added a couple
more of these birds to the aviary; then
introduced to the canaries were a pair
of bullfinches and a pretty chalinml h, a
pair of tiny Java parakeets and, lastly,
a mocking bird. But this sweetest
singer of them all brought dilscord into
the otherwise ha :py commnunity, and
had to 1,e removed. There in the fir
tried and boughs nests are regularly
built from the bundle of materials in
the sponge rack. the gravel is scratched
and pickedi over for tasty seeds, of
which- a handful is strewed every morn
ing, liberal bathing is enjoyed in an old
china jurdirnicre standing in one corner,
juicy worms; are uprrooted from a long
Lox filled with fresh sods every week,
and frmi; the dozen birds turned into
this twelve dollar aviary two years
ago, there are now sonie twenty-five
vigorous warbl-rs.-N- . . . Advertiser.
CLEANING CLOTHES.
Ilow a Cent :tln, 's'rou'ers Can ie Re
nwe-l Till,,r and A!sln. -
The chernistry of cleauipq- clothes is
set forth in a scicrtiittc magazine, and,
wvh-ile women swill care little for the
technical part of the operation, the
story of tih actual pt-ocess suggests a
useful inodus opeirandi. Take. for in
stance. :;ays tihe Alerice.n Analyst, a
shiny I,:ld coat. vest or pa:r of trousers
of black blroadcloth. cassimnicre or
) diagonal. The sccurcrmuaces a strong,
iar-i soapp-ud: andl plunges the gar
1icut i:to it, sous-; it up and down,
ruls the dirty place-:,. and. if necessary,
I pa s it thromugh a seon(l time, then
rinses it through sev.eral waters, and
hangs it up to. dry on the line. When
ntearly dry he take-' it in. rolls it up for
p l Iour or t"v,. and then pre'sses it.
An old cotton cloth is : lail on the out
,silh of ;tie 'oat. alxld the irotn i:s pt.esed(
over that statil the wriinkles :are out,
but the i ri- is i-rnoved ,before tilhe
steanm cieal.s to ris- firomt the goods,
else thtyr would 1le shiny.
\Wri:nld.s that are ol.sithutte are rc
moved biy laying a wet hclth over theim
and pre:.sing: the i-ron o-ver that. If
any y -.ai l!th:-i n!m'e) seein, they are
treated as the wri:kile.s a:r-c-the iron is
a lifted while thie full cloud of stea:r
rises up, nrld hring.. the nap with it.
C'!itL should alwa.-s have a sud:s imalnde
especiahly for them, as in that rhim-ch
has bleen used for white cotton or
woolen clothl; lidt will le left in the
Swatcr. antd will clin:r to the cl,.,th.
In this nlmanner tihi salte co:ait and
t~ri-tseris can I e renewled tilne and
time iagain, and have all the look and
feil of lten ga;'armi-nts. ( f(ood broad
- clo;th and its fellow cloths will hear
:mny wa.shfings., and look teltert every
t ille becau:s' o) tllhel.
Salatl Itres'cihg 1it lout Oil.
SA cor7e citp of cream. either sweet or
soir; put on the stove in a hlot nwater
pan: then Ibeat one egg nitlh a tea
ns-,oifnl of corn snlrch, addling to it,
i beating till it thir-ecn. WVhile it is
boilin a lilt!te puit in a c:up a tenspoon
ful of isrmstarl. utne of uginer. at smnall
one of salt, additt llr vinegar enough to
dissolve them, anil put into the tiix
ture. Thisi is a sIeful recipe, as it util
izes the leftovers of creaim, which will
collect in hot wvcather. Iilk, of course,
may ibe ust'd; then i.a piece of butter
must be added to cn:rich it.
Sweet Potato BIntiulte.
Boell six sw-eet potatoes very soft, peel
and mnash througlh colander. add one
pint of milk l]nklewa-r:n, two table
slooni·jls of white sugar, two" yeast
cakes, dissolved in filk. and flour
enough to mnake a soft lIttter; mnix well
and allow it to ris', then add four
tablespoonfuls of meltedt butter.a little
salt. one Cegg and enough flour to make
a soft doug:h. Let thi:i rise tgain. roll
it into a shtrt art inch thl:hrk, atnd cut
111 4 01at111 t9 t to m4m' il'lell mod 1h If(
CORNER CUPBOARDS.
The Style of Forty years Ago Is the Mel
Popular Juist Now.
Corner eupboards are such extrava
gantly popular pieces of furniture just
now that bric-abrae dealers not only
buy them readily, but send out and
canvass the country in hopes of securing
good specimens.
The style of forty years ago is excel
lent, with small panes of glass fitting
the shelf Space, solid brass knob for the
upper door, and brass keyholes in the
lower section . But they do not always
appear to advantage, because frequent
ly the owner has tried to do the cup
board over herself, and daubed its sur
ace over with villainous red paint.
The quality of the wood can be deter
mined by scraping off a little paint. If
it shows a reddish pink it is cherry; if
light coloat is imitation. The idea is
now to preserve the original design as
nearly d% possible, and to this end little
renovation is made other than 4polish
ing. The windows are left intact, an
extra band of molding .added on the
top and supports placed underneath to
raiseit about four inches from the floor.
Claw feet, with a carved apron, sur
mounted by a narrow molding, are a
wonderful improvement without in the
least detracting from the coveted air of
antiquity.
Doing over an old cupboard is very
inexpensive. The article itself costs at
the least from $S to $1i To polish it
alone amounts to $7 more, and, adding
claw feet and moldings, brings it up to
a total of 238. These prices, of course,
depend to. some extent on the locality.
A QrtAINT BIT OF FI RIITII.E.
labor being cheaper in some places than
others. In lieu of the claw feet balls
can be used, and, indeed, many persons
prefer not to have them raised-at all. •
Modernized cupboards are also in de
mand, one of the handsomest being il
lustrated here. The upper door was
removed and a shelf cut out, leaving an
open space between the lower and
upper sections,- and two doors with
large plate-glass panels inclosing the
remaining shelves. The lower doors
were left intact, and brass hinges of
elaborate pattern serve as ornaments.
The open space is lined with plate
mirrors, which reflect its silver and
glass contents. The interior is painted
a rich cream tint, against which deli
cate china shows to advantage.
One carver has sent out ten new cup
boards in the last two years, princi
pally to inland cities. They have all
been diliercnt in detail and splendidly
handspme specimens. But the old cup
boards can be made equally beautiful
at less expense, and for some reason
their very age makes them more de
sirable than the-strictly modern affairs.
--Kennct Wood. in Chicago Record.
D)alnty Tal,loe Apotintmnents.
hIowever simple the bill of fare. the
table appointment should alwvays be
clean and inviting. With a little care
directed tow'a rd removing a spot %when
it appears, a tabl-cloth may be used to
serve for several occasions, and remain
spotlessly-clean; while a rumpled nap
kin or a coffee stain upon the table
cloth is accounttable for many an unn
eaten breakfast and mlany a sick head
ache. The center of the table should
always be occupied with some refresh
ing plant or flower. It may be fern
or a :,lender rose in its swaying vase,
but whatever it is it will act as an ap
petizer and tonic. A crisp bowl of let
tuce or a dish of fresh radishes helps
out the effect, of the floral decoration.
Atarivism.
"I shouldn't wonder," observed Uncle
Allen Sparks, "if there was something
in that new theory that man has de
scendled from the fishes. lie's always
making a sucker of himself."-Chicago
Tribune.
A Dog-Iay Episode.
IlTusband-Gec! It's hot! Can't we
have sonic lemonade. dear?
\Wife--'m sorry, dear, but it takes all
the lemons I can buy to keep my light
tan shoes clean --Truth.
A Sad IFate.
Friend -If you can't live happily with
your husband, why don't you get a di
vcrce from him?
L'nhappy WVife-I ;am afraid I
couldn't get anyone else.--~. Y. VWeek
Something That Pays.
IIackett-I owe my landlady for three
months' board, and she says that I have
got to pay up.
Sackett (indifferently)--I owe my
landlatldy a year's board bill.
HIackett--IIow on earth do you get
a:ong without paying her?
Saclett--IIy paying attentions to her
daughter.--N. V. WVorld.
Fronm the External Signs.
"MIy mammnn got ever so nmnny falls
when she was learning to ride the bicy
ce yesterday," explained the little g-l'
to the caller, "nud that's why she's so
long coming down. She's F got the blues
all over her."-Chicago Tribune.
Love and Friendship.
Friendship, like love is. o:t is told us.
As holy, earnes.t, pure and trum
Who say so. kuow not: friendship merely boe
Love gi-cth all. and yet is cver new.
ircvers and the Ocealn fEd.
Supposing the occan bed was emptied
it would take forty-four thousand
years for all thie tidal rivers of the
world to fill it again.
Explained.
Clara-How did you manage to keep
your head above water so long?
Malude (who came near being droowned.
--I had on a new hat.-Puck.
Not Likely.
"Will your father nmako any ob
jections to my l)rtloslh#?"
"I should think nottl / Jave Id. ptr
t~twe"-Hear'r rb iit
THE FARMING WORLD.
KANSAS CHINCH BUGS.
A Simple and Inexpensive Way of Fight.
Ing the Pest.
A Kansas agricultural correspondent
says that he has just saved 65 acres
of splendid corn fi om the ravages of
the chinch bug by a very simple and
inexpensive expedient. On the east of
his cornfield, and separated from it by
a 16-foot lane, was a wheat field of 46
acres. Twoor three days before cutting
he mixed salt and coal oil in a vessel,
putting from ona-hall pint to one of
coal oil to one-half bushel of-salt. He
then made a line with thisaslt the whole
widtli of the cornfield (90 rods) through
the center of the 10-foot l'ane. The
line of salt was about 3 inches wide at
the base. He then bored holes with a
post auger about 3 rods apart, to a
depth of about 8 inches or a foot. The
top of each hole wa. rimmed with a
knife leaving the mouth of the hole
funnel-shaped and smooth. As soon
as the wheat was cut, about a quart of
water was poured into each hole, and
topped with a small quantity of coal
oil. -Fhe holes were on the side next
to the wheat field, and close to the
salt line. As soon as the bugs meet
the salt line they follow it each way
until they come to the holes, into
which they tumble by the thousand. As
the.successful experimenter with this
simple trap describes it: "They don't
crawl in the hole, but as soon as they
strike the smooth surface at the top
they lose their first hold and roll over;
and as there is a constant pressure
from the enormous line toward the
hole, they look like wheat going into
a hopper as they pour over the brink."
A boy should be in attendance on the
line, to dip out the dead bugs before
the hole becomes too full, and to re
plenish the water and coal oil in the
holes when necessary. A little coal oil
should be poured on the line once a
day, and the lint should be remade
after each rain. The mouth of the
hole should be kept smooth. If it is
dry. and cracked, a handful of dust
should be sprinkled around the edges
occasionally. The bugs cannot cling
to it, and tumble in as soon as they
touch it. -
POINTING PICKErS.
A Homemade M~alachine Which Does the
Work to Plerfection.
I once had a job of picket-fence mak
ing that required over 5,00o pickets.
Our stuff was 13 by 13? and a nice
point was wanted, as on A shown in
the cut. Carpenters worked a whole
day markizg and trying to cut them
with chisels, drawing-knife, pocket
jackknife, etc., but those ways were
I all too slow. I then made the machine
shown in the cut. With this machine
two men could cut ahd point over 1,000
pickets a day, true and even. The ma
chine is made in the form of a wooden
miter-box. Take a piece of 2-inch
L plank 4 inches wide and about 43: feet
long for the bottomi. Take two pieces
I of plank .18 inches long and S inches
wide for the sides. Set the bevel at 45
degrees and mark the two side pieces;
then saw them, being very careful to
saw exactly on the line, as the draw
d ing-knife is to work against these ends.
I and they should be cut very smooth
and true. The upper corners of the
other ends of the side piece: are sawed
off for neatness. Spike these side
pieces to the bottom, then nail inch
boards 5 inches wide for the remainder
of the sides where the saw works. For
the lever use plank IS inches long and
L work it out as shown in the cut. Tile
i large end is a 6-inch circle, and should
be cut out or sawed perfectly true and
smooth. Make a mark ? . inch above
the center, as shown on the dotted
line, and bore a hole. The size of this
PICKET POINTING CUTTEIt.
hole and the holes in the sides depends
on the size of iron you are going to use
for a pin. If your picketsare 1 .inches
square, the holes in the sides must be
4'1 inches from the bottomn of the box.
Tack a little block _. inch thick on the
bottom to butt the picket against, then
measure fronm this block the length
3 you want the pickets and siaw down
through the boards: then fasten the
whle thing on to a work bench. One
s man uses the knife and lever and an
3 other does the sawing and turns the
pickets when the lever is raised. lour
thrusts of the lever and four jerks of
the knife point a picket. The saw
Sshould always bte left in andl the- piclket
kept right up against it untlil tihe
pointing is done. The machine can be
made for any sized square pickets, or
for flat pickets, and cri be made for
any bevel desired.--Farmn and lon2ce.
N-o Seeds for Congreranlanell.
The usual general distrilbution of
seeds by the agricultural departmxent
Svill not take place inext ye;ar. Ai
opinion was given ,y Attornety (;ener
al Olney some time ago that as the
law provided for furnishing '-rare
Sseeds for'scientific purposes Secretary
a Morton was not conmpclled to expend
the appropriation made in distribhuting
Scommon seeds. Secretaryv Mlotrton has
always opposed tile general free-seed
t distributign, whicih has becomne one of
the regular duties of the agmrcul';ural
r departmnent andt of congressuLei, alnd
under the authority of the att'rney
general's opinion during this fiscal
year hlie will inaugtur.te a reforri and
" supply no seeds save for scientitl. pur
Dose.
S lHow Tutbereulosis Is lDiseovered.
s Vnen cows are affected with tuber
culosis it is difficult to discoverc thie
fact in the first stages. The animal
may have a cough or be emuacited, yet
be free from the disease. Veterinary
surgeons now test thcmu withl tuber
culin, which induces characteristic
physiological effects, and altlhough this
test has been accepte .l by mnany, yet it
has strong opponents, who claim that
it does not fultill expectation. Shouli
the tuberculin test prove unreliable
the examination of herds for tubercu
losis will be vcry ifflicult.
Forage Crops for Ensiage.
All the protein plants nmay be made
into eusilage. The Mfaine station in its
experiments found that toats. peas and
clover gave the best results if from
sixty to sevenrty-five posunds of :water
wore apriul;led ovr:' ceach ton as it .a_
je it v iii ht Sum.). 'Vkim, Cflsiifig' h!i'litst?
SMALL- HOG HOUSE.
nm Most Places One Can Be Built for One
Hundred Dollars.
A reader wants a plan for a hog
house where he can keep four
brood sows and fatten twenty to thirty
young hogs in fall and winter. lie
wants to cook all the tood fnitand
keep the corn in the second. story.
Also he says: "I want to be able to
heat the water here for butchering
time and have the fire safe." Such a
house may be built for a very little
money, $100 to $140, according to price
of lumber in your locality. The
A
cheapest will do. This in New Eng"
land will cost $16 to $18 per 1.000; in
Iowa not over t8 to $10. First dig
trenches below frost depth and lay
walls for the sills 16x24 and plan for a
plank floor 1 foot to 1:i inches above the
ground. Have the firststory only high
enough to clear a inun's head,.as it is
warmer in winter. In the northwest
corner have a chimney and food cook
er, which will also heat the water.
Here is a room 8xlO where the cook
ing, butcherin' and cutting up of
meats may be done. When five pens
are' needed a mnovable partition
may be put in at A, m ilinx auother.
Over this should he a large trap door
in the second floor through which
ropes and blocks may be let down
from the rafters to raise the pigs when
dressed. Thus the water will not need
to be carried far, and the work may
proceed even if the day be stori y or
severely cold.
Another plan, bitter because I:lore
roomy, but not so easily heatel at far
rowing time, is the above. the work
room being in the center of the b -ild
ing. This has the further adva:: tage
of permitting the o;)erator to fee I di
rect front the workrooml. Such a ilace
will be foundl convcenient to do rMnny
odd farm jobs like painting. oiling
harness. washing wagons, etc. The
far end of the woverkrooml has a rolling
door large enough to run in a wagon.
-Fariu Journal.
CHICKEN CHOLERA.
VWhen Ftowls Are Protperly l[an:rlled This
IDisease ,arlely Appears.
We have no couftielnce in remedies
for chicken cholera. and believe the
prevention is the only thing that can
he done. Y'imen cholera breaks oat
among the fowls the first thing to b^
done is to separate the sick from the
well fowls. At once gi've a change of
fool, which should be of a nourishing
character. I:tany writ.ers Lelieve in
giving iron in sane form. lThe old
method was to put rusty nails in the
drinking wa ter. English poultrymnL-a
use what is known a "I)ouglas .lMix
ture." 'hlis can be nm:le by putting
eight ounces of sulphate of iron (also
called copperas or green vitriol) into a
jug (never use a metallic vessel) with
two gallons of water, adding one ounce
of sulphurie acid (oil of vitriol). T'he
ingredients can be o,t.tinuei of any
druggist. This medicine is to be put
in the drinking water in .the propor
tion -if a teaspoonful to a pint. and is
found to be a useful tonic. As soon a;
the disease brea:ks out give this to t'e
sick fowls, and also t.) the well ones: to
help thein to resist the disease.
One writer says that ihe made a sntu
rat:e.l solution of italun. and vwhr never a
a bird was attacked gave it two or
thr. e teaspoonfuls, repeating the dose
next day. lie mixed their fee:l, In(ldian
meal, with alum water for a eek.
After atdopting that course he lost no
fowls. ()thelr advocate (ayeinne 1p`1p
per, gunpowder and turpentine, ft.ed
ing a little every day for a weak-.
I~owls that are well fed, well hoilse.l
and well kept in a dry place- ?ill s,l
doml have cholera. In fact .re do not
know t hat they ever hove it wlhen prop
erly handled.--IRural i.ife.
PIG PEN POINTERS.
wis;': neied graiziig iln all seasons of
'he year, esp,'cially in thle sprin;g and
sn lI ille r.
A sl lo barrel and at feed box on
w heels lightens tihe labor of cnring for
the pis.
O)I'F:-: tIhe Iho)S clear, cool water It
all times in liot weathe:r. I t a is di
.esction and increases their contenlt
ment: besides, it is the principal stay
in a ain-ma -ining gooil health. Avoid
-urface water.
IEEi)ING grouiinds. if you maust feedl
onl the ifroundc, slmoull be on a slope
near the top of a hi!llside. that tlhe inm
purities in tile dust mnay he washed
awaylbyy lins. If wate.r is on low
grouneds by all nlceans arrange to, feed
and have the hogs sleep on hiigher
ground.
Ihr tihe pigs slIeep in at shed in sumn
I me1 great clailaliness is necessary.
I Iesides urnovinnrg all dcirt witii slhovel
and by thorougllh drenchinga with water,
labunl:lnce of carbolic acid andi linae
I sh:ould be sprinkled insidle and oiutside
ST! c :ihedl to keep it pure landc free froni
dti-ease gerns.
A magm:-:at wxagon makes a good crib
for corn that is to be fed outL to tile
-hofgs in the ear. It can bie reidlily re
mnoved to any part of the feeding lot or
pasture, and thus provide fresh, clean
feeding grounds. A plain, strong,
5econd-hand vwagot will, fr this pur
-pose, pay in profits on thle helrd good
interest oni its value.--11cstern Rural.
Tonic ior t-ilk Animals.
As a rule, animals that are well cared
for. fed properly, and wateredl reginu
tarl,. need no medicine of any kind
-to preserve themn in goodl health. 'The
inmost frequent cause of ill health of
earnm animals is wrongr or irregular
Sfeeding, either W-ron food or too
much is given, and wnatering is dione
at ilmproper times. A good tonict i'
:mlade of elunl parts of gronltd ginger.
rontian land sulphate of iron mixed, of
.:hich two teaspoonfuls may be given
ily iu a bra-:n ana-hiizc, iilr tnes.
li-'mU t atiat,l Is an eic'eiil,\ . iid4 and
,fi htldative.,- ititral w oult,
H~ighert of all inJ'aoining Iamwe -ate U.S. Govft LRpes
- ýPowder
A~pB! WTELY PUEi
Ira bicycle's known as a "bike,"
A tricvcle must be a "trike,"
And when winter comes round
It will doubtless bo found
That an icycle goes as an "ike."
-Vashington Star.
He-"r by do you refuse me when I say
£ can't live without you?" She--'You have
aroused my curiosity."-Detrolt Tribune.
Tuin earriageless horse bears no malice to
the horscless carringe.-Nashvillo Anmerlcan.
Til: first and last thing required of genius
is the love of trnth.--toetlhe.
G:.rtsE simplicity of heart is a healing
and cementing princip,lc.-Burke.
AxNno.>ur can be pleasant to pleasant peo
ple, but it takes grace to he pleasant to un
llcasant poople.--au's fHorn.
EtrtPLorea--"How did your brother clear
himself of the charge" Nurse Girl-'-"ure,
I think it's a lullaby they do call it, he
proved. "-Puck.
"WnRTren 1" "Bruto!" And so they were
divorced and lived happily to the cud of
their lives.-Detroit Tribune.
Po)cTs are born, not madeo. The present
state of the market would not warrant their
manufacture. -IRogersville Review.
A .rAx's nature runs either to herbs or
weeds; therefore. let him seasonably wvater
the one antd destroy the other. - Lady
Ccthin.
Itotxo TO IHAve A 11sAn.-A youngvwoman
has invented ia car fender. if she can't
catcth her luan one way she will another.
Augusta Chronicle.
"'Tiar say Cholly has more money than
brains." '.Then \1:hy don't you sct your
cap for hilm?"-Life.
Tirt: head has tilhe most bieautiful appear
ance, as well as te highest station, in a hu
man tigure. -Addison.
Cntot.Lr-"Miss S. is the sharpest girl I
I knlow." Chulnlcy---"'Yes: she cuts me
every linle I meet her."-World's Colnic.
"TTsas goonllcess" cclaimlled the pro
lri ,tor of the livery stable, '.they cnll't use
bicycles for funerals. '-Chicago Tribune.
O,, .ovcru.n tie w-orhld. and we havo only
t. do ouir dutyIt wisely and leave the issue to
lliil.-Jlohn Jay.
KNOWLED E
Irings comfort and improvement and
tenls to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
tcr thant others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapt.ing the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence isldue to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it neacts ont the Kid
neys, Liver and Bo,:tls without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c an.l $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, yoe will not
accept any substitute if offered.
'arette
will go farther in doing the family wash
ing or doing the housework than a quan
.i tity of ordinary soap
lREl"TTE SOAP.
CT YOUR CLOTHES,
WS YOUR FINGERS,
VYOUR TE'lPER,
CYOUR MONEY.
Try it. Sold by all Grocers. Made only by
The N. K. Fairbank Company, - St. Louis.
Inc ~o BLACKBERRY ELIXIR
Is an UNEQUALED RELMEDY for
DYSEW I TýRY Diarrhoea, CHOLERA Infantum,
_ and all Summer Bowel Troubles.
DOCTORS RIA4 PATIENTS AlK)S PRRISs IT.
DR. i . l . AIC' c, of TI.srO". ALA., sIr : it1 use DUNCAN'S BLACKBE "r
E II L In my pructic o wic th i v 'r1 atisytactor y rey ults."
WEBB IIANUFPACTURING CO., Proprietors, - NASHVILLE, TENN.
Fertilizers for Fall Crops
should contain a high percentage of Potash to
insure the largest yield and a permanent enrichment
of the soil.
Write for our 4' Farmers' Guide," a r42-page illustrated book. It
is brim full of useful information for farmers. It will be sent free, and
will mako and vc you money. Address,
GERMAN ILLI WORKS, p Nasca streetN Ne York.
1es~~e.wa w sa-e.e~
IJt ancient Rome two augurs could not
meet each other without laughig. 3ut two
bores could.-Texas Siftings.
NOTHiNo so completely robs confinement
of thi ionirr an nlfiFf'rin ,g attending it as the
use oa (,otiher'sFricnd., Hold bydrugg.ts.
Os man's word is no want's ,vord; we
should quietly heatr both siis.- Goethe.
Ill'1 Catarrh Clue
Is taken internalig. Price T54
GREAT BOOK FREE.
When Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo, N. Y.,
lpublished the first edition of his work, The
People's Common Sense Medical Adviser
he announced that after 680.ooo copies had"
been sold at the regular price, $i-o per
copy, the profit on which would repay him
for the great amount of labor and money
expended in producing it, he would dis
ibute the next half million free. As this
number of copies has already been sold, he
is now distributing, absoluely free. 50ooooa
copies of this most com
plete, interest-I COUPON ing and val
uable common No.110 sense med
ical work ever * published
the recipient only being required to mail
to him, at the above address, this little
coUroi with twenty-one (21) cents in one
cent stamps to pay for postage and pack
ing only, and the book wll be sent bynmail.
It is a veritable medical library, complete
in one volumie. It contains over ooo pages
and more than .300 illustrations. The Free
Edilion is preeisely the same as thbse sold
at $i.5o e-cept only that the books are
bound in stronlg manilla paper covers in
stead of cloth. Send Now before all are
given away. They are going off rapidly.
It"ST IN TIE WORLD.
~Tilt! RISING! SU-N
For dlurSY a'lit nd tor
thneapne~sCs thispr
Irabon Ei trula unr wa~
STOVY POLISH i.
cakes for gener
PAnT ~ blacklng of a stove.
Ttil SUN PASTI
POLIStl for a quick
EL~L~a0 aft ,r- dinner sihn_
- pplied and pi.
itxcd with ' cloth.
Mso" Ilsro., Irops., Canton, hinsa., U.S.A.
CONVERSE .. " ...... ..O...
Has Llrge Resour~os.
E Thorough in All
Its Appoinlments.
C' .LLE g Frry free Schtoarships.
a 4 -p4 ol ed <enrf l- e ., ethoro-usi
For catloN , terms TERc. 2Ia reah,
REV. II ii 11ll . I .- - Ir.'i san.E,.bu . 5 0.
MOONEY'S UHUUL
WALL[. AND 0HO
FITS BOYS FOR UNIVERSITY OR FOR LIFE.
PUFILS ENTER VAHNDEBILT on CERTIFICAT1
Addrees 11. 15. MIOONEY.
 'l ich t:and het~vy plot irbl
\Y= | ql 1 vrl of eery d~scription
,,a nks.BeechngSo0
B OILER SI iinhlovpl,
LSTI3IATEn
IAPPLI ATION an Shea&, CoI
Wo. 85 Jeferson St.. MEMrPIIIS. TElN.
AGEN~TS WA FT B Is ittr hrz~tribtiE~
I8 1 l) I r 1 :, nr an :th'd t, t
S|ICE1J ETI r|or,.,,,, . dycmL In.:n-y otCOFFEE
-.ndi 4e fr p)ricl. I t. i pire
sent Ilrgte izullalilt urfl-e-s. 9.. ut~. flq ur n y(hiin
.si s;nt/t. 5l3,.ok. &C I| ot*i, h , , t aelll|his, Te"ni.
GAYOS0HTEL
FII [tT-(?[,AU . P
LI100 IfO 1StM; II IL'DOE-I TO Iao0 VI'lC )AV.
FREE Hl""' '": ':': , ,.. o r.
~D at '~oath Syrup. T~a.,4s Good. Use i
A. N. It., F 15604
WHIIEN wtITING hO AI)VEIRTI5IES PLE~AE
state that you saw the AdveritLcmwns to tha
DanPr.