JOURNAL OF TIO PARISI
d at tbi Lafayette La. Post-Office as Second
e Matter.
SAURDOAr, SEPT. 15, 189.1.
It is really heartrending to read
a:-bout the great sorrow of some su
' gar planters in leaving the party
 hey have loved so long and so well
B:ut they are so intensely patriotic
-.that they must weep.
.": The reading of some of the names
 -onnected with the planters' bolt
will cause a sigh of genuine rehlief
Sfrom every true Democrat In this
district. This movement may re
sult fatally to the welfare of Louis
ziana, but it has rid the Democratic
party of some undesirable members.
Among the speakers at the
planters' meeting was Prof, Knapp,
of Calcasieu. If the campaign
committee will follow our advice
they will send the professor to Car
'encro to organize the party and
:make speeches. He could, in his
'own inimitable style, tell the people
-;over these how hard it is to make
sugar profitably-even when you
get the cane free of costs.
What is the matter with our es
teemed brother of the Breaux
Bridge Valley? It is possible that
he has gone over to the Republicans.
Remember, brother, that g. o. p.
diet is rather tough for the diges
tive organs of a St. Martin parish
white-supremacist. How would
you like the repeal of the "Jim Crow
car" law as an appetizer?
Under the McKinley bll the peo
ple of Louisiana paid $6,ooo,ooo
in the Federal treasury, besides the
sum of $17,010oo,ooo to the manufac
turers on the enhanced prices for
coal, iron, clothes, leather and a
thousand and one other articles.
This makes a total of $23,ooo,ooo.
The sugar men want the McKinley
bill re-enacted in order to get
about $7,ooo000,0ooo from the govern
ment. Their modesty is certainly
appalling.
One of the best papers in the coun
try is the Boston Traveler and we
would advise those who want a
good, newsy, clean family niews
paper to subscribe for it. It is Re
publican in politics, but always
conservative and fair in its views.
It is just the paper a man should
get for his wife and children. It
is free from the sensational rot and
nauseating stuff that generally fill
the columns of the large dailies.
An exchange thus sets off a cer
tain class only too well known to the
newspaper fraternity: -'The time
now approaches when the perennial
candidate for office 'rakes hell with
a fine-tooth comb' for signatures
and 'takes the matter under con
sideration' as to whether he will
'permit the use of his name' as
'his friends are strongly urging him
to do.' His name is Legion. We
all know him and we all know the
expressions; and every well regu
lated newspaper office keeps forms
like 'bay window ads' set up, chang- I
ing simply names and dates."
The governor, auditor and treas
urer of the State of Mississippi
have been arrested by a United
States detective on a charge of felo
niously imitating national bank
notes. The Legislature of Missis- 1
sippi authorized the printing and t
issurance of State warrants, and the I
governor, auditor and treasurer
contracted with a St Louis house to
have the warrants made. Plates
were engraved and from them the i
warrants were printed. It is alleged r
that they bear some resemblance to
national bank notes, being much of
the sanm style and for this reason
the State officers have been arrested. r
A few days ago the governor of
Colorado was arrested on a charge C
of violating a postal law. It seems ,
to be the order of the day for petty 0
Uluted Officials to arrest high State ,
officials on "trumped up ' charges. I
B. O. Flower's paper on *'Early Environ
nient in Home Life" in the September Arena F
is a plea for a larger measure of common a
sense andi justice being exercised toward ri
young folks growing into maturity by a
parents and guardians in regard to the e
properbr funactions of their bodies, and the 11
relations of the sexes. It also shows the ti
destiny-shaping force of the moral ideas in
the atmosphere in a child's early "years, and a
loving care and intelligent sympathetic home (
h "utrroundings and education can overcome or P
san;ittigate even bad hereditary tendencies.
SBeaty anld i rnth, high ideals and example
a~.,d eandor about all those physicial facts of
yeb s freighted with moral perils is Mr.
- r' ideal of educatiotr for children.
- -.iseieves parents do not feel their rmspon
ties enough: they think the whole of
t0o is scho'4 b4oi and the Suindav
SThe greatest.inlan~.res of aii ar i,~ i
Ji.ves ad thoughs f thogs te parents.
The action of the sugar men at
S4heir ee~ng in:.he Itelf'Royal
condlenning the mocrc party
* and joing the ppublic, is, in
r our opinion, very 'ill-advised, even
from a business or financial stand
point.
The cause of the present anxiety
is due to the action of the RepuLli
ad can party in 1890 when, it took sun
;u- gar off the dutiable and placed it
ty on the free list. It is true that
11 it gave a two-cent per pound
tic bounty; but this was done to more
easily place a high protective tariff
es on the articles of the North and
ft East and to save the voters of the
ef beet sugar districts, and, if possi
is ble, to make a Republican State of
c_ Louisiana. As far as this bounty is
is- concerned, it seems to be the con
ic census of opinion that the American
.. people have repudiated it. Although
not more objectionable than a pro
be tective tariff, it is too direct and
p' palpable class legislation to be en
'n dorsed by the -masses. Senator
ce Sherman frankly admitted this in his
r- speech on the Wilson bill, and
stated that his party had committed
an error. Such was the opinion of
the sagacious Warmoth before the
ke committee in charge of the McKin
ley bill in i89o, when the Republi
cans put sugar on the free list to
's- give the people what they termed
iX "a free breakfast table." This was
at the death blow to our industry;
s. the price of sugar fell two cents per
P. pound, and the people have tasted
s- of cheap sugar and are naturally
sh averse to return to high-priced su
Id gar. In the face of this object les
w son it took great moral courage on
the part of Mr. Cleveland to pro
. claim in his Wilson letter that ac
>o cording to Democratic principles
1e a duty should be placed on sugar.
- The Republicans are now proclaim
r ing throughout the country, the su
a gar districts excepted, that the Dem
s. ocratic party is controlled by the
,. sugar industry and they are making
much political capital out of the
t fact that sugar was placed on the
L. dutiable list.
y It is unfortunately true that con
trary to the views of President
Cleveland and Secretary Carlisle,
the House passed a separate free
sugar bill; but this, in our humble
a opinion, was simply a manifesta
tion of opposition to the sugar trust,
wlwich, like the other products of
Republican protection, has become
a power in the land. It is impossi
ble to foretell the action of the Sen
ate on this bill next December,
11 but we are inclined to the belief
that that conservative body wil not
pass such an inexcusable piece of
- outlandish legislation. Should it,
e however, break the record of in
e consistency, there is yet a man in
I whose political honesty, indomni
h table will and moral courage we
s may bank upon to exercise his con
stitutional prerogative of the veto.
11 Conceding that all this is an illu
s sion and a snare,can the sugar men
n depend with any hope upon effec
e tual assistance from the Republi
e cans? WVhat can they do before
- 1897, with a Democrat in the presi
s dential chair? If they get a major
- ity in Congress and pass a law giv
ing a bounty, it would have to be
over the president's veto. Then, it
is plain that nothing could be cf
Sected.
Should the sugar men succeed in
sendling Republicans to Congress
c they will antagonize, and in all like
- likelihood loose the aympathy of,
I the party to which they heretofore
belonged.
The action of Congress in refusing
to pay this year's bounty was an
injustice to the sugar inldustry.
The opinion of men of legal train
ing is that it can be recovered. So
mote it be.
The Cream of Current
F Thought.
I'ruLIc OrINION, published at Washington,
D. C., is a weekly iourn al devoted to the
reproduction, in condensed form, of carefully
selected magazine articles and of editorials i
comment from the representative daily and
weekly press of all political parties, and
from all parts of the country. The readers
of PUBLIC OPINION get all sides of every
question. It is just the paper that the
farmer and villager need for general reading.
It keeps its readers fully abtreast of -the
times and supplies thenl with the best
thought of the day in thle fields of American 2
Affairs, Foreign Affairs Sociology, Clommenrce,
Finance, Religion, Science, IEducation, Art, c
I and New Hooks. PIT'iLIrc ()!'I.ON and the
rural weekly supplement each other admir
ably. T'ogcther they give the farmer or
villager and his family imore of current news,
editorial comment, and magazine literature
than can be had in any other way for five
times their cost' The price - of PUnLItI
Ot'INION has been reduced from $3.00 to
$2.go per year. We have just completed
arrangements by which we can offer PuntL i
OPNIION and The Gazette for $3.oo cash
per year.
It is estimated that the sum of
$2,000oooooo,ooo0000 is spent yearly in I
the United States for drinks. One 3
qluarter of this sum would be enough
to run the government. This i
proves that the IProhibitionists have
undtet taken a big job. If they ex- 3
pect to s:uc-ed they had better go
to work.
St ATI TAX SALS.:
Y ATE OP LOUT~ ANA VS. Di
LINQUENT TX-PAYERS.
Parish of Lafayette, 17th Judi
cial District.
BI virtue of the authority vested in me by
the C-:.nstitution andi laws of the State of
Louisiana, I will sell, at the principle front
door of the court house in which the Civil
District Court of said parish is held, in the
t said parish of Lafayette, within the legal
hours for judicial sales, beginning at iI
o'clock a. m. on
2 Saturday October 20. 1894,
and continuing on each succeeding day un
til said sales are completed, all immovable
I property on which taxes are now due to the
State of Louisiana and Parish of Lafayette,
to enforce collections of taxes assessed in the
year 1893, together with interest thereon
from the 31st (lay of December 1893, at the
rate of one per cent per month until paid,
s and all costs. The names of said deliquent
tax payers, the amout of the taxes due by
each on the assessment of said year and the
t immoval property assessed to each to be
offered for sale, as follows, to-wit:
Pierre Comeau, 25 acres of land bounded
north by L Comeau, south by same. State
tax 75c, parish 1.25, poll I.oo, interest 48c,
card roc, total 3.58".
Emile Durand, 1st ward, 54 acres bounded
north by A Breaux, south by L G Arce
naux; state tax 3.66, parish 6.10, poll 1.oo,
s interest 1.72, card so, total 12.58.
Lessin Breaux heirs, 6 ward, 42 acres of
land bounded north by J. Breaux, south G.
I E. Breaux; state tax 3.13, parish 5.22, in
terest 1.33, card soe, total .78
Isere Andrus, col, Ist ward, 16 acres
bounded north by G Alexandre, south by J
Mouton; state tax 1.o9, parish 1.83, poll 1.0oo,
interest 620, card toc; total 4.64.
Mrs Francois Booze, col, Ist ward, 46
acres bounded north by Mrs Begnaud, south
by G Martin; state tax 1,97; parish 3.29,
inrerest 84c, card loc; total 6.20
Edouard Foreman, 2d ward, 53 acres of
land bounded north by II A Foreman, south
by Wm Jones; state tax 1.94, parish 3.24,
poll I.oo, interest 98c, card loc; total 7.26
Hines HIoffpauir, 2d ward, 8o acres
bounded north by A Judice, south by F
Foreman, state tax 6.72, parish I1.20, poll
1.oo, interest 3,02, card loc; total 22.04
Lasti Hoffpauir,2d ward,8o acres bounded
north by B Avant, south by S Iloffpauir,
state tax 2.82, parish 4.70, poll I.oo, inter
est 1.36, card so; total 9.98
Preston Hoffpauir, 2d ward, I.53*acres
bounded north by S Duhon, south by W
Jones; 12 acres bounded north by unknown
south by Mrs D Navarre, state tax 6.so,
parish Io. IS, poll s.oo, interest 2.76; card
Io; total 20.14.
Monrow SpellSr, 2d ward, 41 acres bound
ed north by \V Jones, south by Perry; state
1.39, parish 2.33, poll I.oo, interest 75c,
card so, total 5-.57
Oneil Spell, 2d ward, 35 acres bounded
north by T Morgan, south by B IIoffpauir;
state tax 93c, parish 1.53, poll 1.00oo, inter
est 53, card roc, total 4.13
Jules Wilturner, col, 2d ward, 20 acres
bounded north by A Wllturner, south by J
Wilturner; state tax 72c, parish 1.20, poll
1.oo, interest 46c, card to, total 3.48
Preston Benton, 3rd ward, 65 acres 2
bounded north by public road, south by J
Constantin; state tax 3.84, parish 6.40, poll
.0oo, interest 1.o0, card so, total 13.14.
Oscar Broussard, col, 4th ward, S acres of I
land bounded north by i) J Broussard, south I
by \V Londry; state tax '55c, parish 86c,
1ol1 1.0oo, interest 37c, card oec; total 2.84
Honore Jeanlouis, col, 4th ward, iS acres I
of land bounded north by Frank 1Villiams,
south by A Pichard; state tax 1-.34, parish
2.24, poll 5.oo, interest 73c, card toe; total s
5.41
Syfroygcne Vallot's heirs, 5th ward. 12 5
acres of land lbounded north by Bayou Tor-t
tue, south by A I) Girouard; state tax 2tc,
parish 3oc, interest 9e, card to, total 76
Clionede Ileno.t heirs, 6th ward, 42 acres i
of land bounded north by Z Arcenaux, south i
L Leblanc; state tax I.oo, parish 1.35, inter- I
est 37c, card toe, total 1.S5
louis IBreaux, 6th ward, 53 acres bounded
north by A Blroussard, south by J Breaux;
53 acres boutn-ed north by E Guilbeau, L
south II Breaux; 49 ac:es bounded north 1
by 1B Sonn:ier, south by , Chiasson; 14 acres :
h!ounde" -::irth by 1i Guchcreau, south by i
ji ernard; 33 acres bounded north by N 5
BIreaux, south by UI BIreaux; state tax 1.4-2, t
parish 19.15, poll 1.oo, interest 5.06, card
so, total 36..'0
Sosthe:e Prejaan, 6th ward, 38 acres of o
:anl b-.undcd north by L. Lalqanc, south i
by J ll:oussar'l; I acres bounded north by s;
F P Richard, south by S Prejcan; S acres 5s
north j Prejea:n, south by . I;Breaux; state
tax 3.30, parish 5.30, poll I oo, interest 1.56 I
card to, total 11.46 o
l.ouise I.elelanc's heirs, aIl, 6th ward,
7 acres of land boumndce. north by T Benoit,
south by G l'rcjcan; state tax 33c, parish
56c, interest Iic, card toe, total 1.13
J Ite Convoy, cl. 3r.l ward, I lot in h
ltou.lreau: adlition, bountd'd north by 0 e
M Guidry, south by J Latiolais; state tax
15c, parish 2 c, poll t.oo, interest 22c, card
to, total 1.72
Frank lheoux, col, 3rd ward, 2 acres of
land bounde I north by l.acoste r:,as, south
by A \our:hies; state tax 1.6S, parish 2.80,
poll 1.oo, interest S7c, card toc, total 6.45.
Mrs Julie Ilthon, col, 7th ward, 2 acres
of land tboundedl north by A Sellers,
south 1I) Vincent; state tax s9c, parish 32c,
interest S9c, card ioc, totnl 69c
Francis I-i. Sitmon, Sth wa:d So acres of
land bounded north by 1 Droussard, south
iE S 11cbcrt; state 4.32,parish 7.2o,poll 1.oo,
interest 2.oo, card toc, total 14.62
l'hilogene Trahan, Sth ward 40 acres of
land boundled nor th by G Monte, south G DI)
I)uhon; state tax 1.24, parish 2.00oo, poll 1.oo,
interest 78c, carld oc, total 5.09
Unknown prolperty formerly Mrs L.
T.natiolais, 40 acres bounded north by G.
Duhon, south Louis Bernard; state tax I.2r,
parish 2.07, interest 57c, total 3.71
Philibert Crouchet, corporation, I lot
Macomb's addition; lots 328, 354. 359 Mou
ton's adldition, vacant; state tax 2.49, parish
1.24 poll 1.oo, interest 75c, card toc, total I
5.58
Mrs Frank Convoy, col, corporation, lot
16 Mlills addition; state tax 1.65, parish 82c,
interest 39c, card toc, total 2.96
Michel Foot, col, corporation, lot 159
Mills addition; state tax x.32.,parish 66c,poll
t.oo, interest 47e, card toc, total 3-55
Won Foot Sr, col, corporation, improve
ments in Mccomb's addlition; state tax 3ocf
pIarish r5c, poll 1.oo, interest 23c card loc,
total 1.78
Mrs Adiline Gui-lry, col, corporation lots
225, 226, andl fraction lot 227 Mouton's ad
lition; state tax t.65,parish 82c,intercst 39c, fr
card toc, total 2.96
Mrs Alex Linton, crl, corporntion, lot
366 M.outon's addition; state tax ISc, parish
)e, interest 4c, card toe, total 4sc
(;chart Fecriger, corlsoration, non-rcsi
dlent, lot 1, 2, sq:are 9, McComb'saddition;
state tax 1.2o, parish 6oc, interest 200oc, card
toe, total 2.10
Ambrois cJulice, corporation, n. r, lot 165, O
Moutols's addition: state tax tSc, parish g9c,
interest 4c, card toc, total 41c,
Thlomas Klinpeter, corporation, rn. r, lots
153, 556, Mill's adlition; state tax 45c, par
ish 22c, interest Ioc, card boc, total 87c
Wnm Ltandry, corporation, n. r, I lot square
12, Mccomb's addition; state tax 9c, parish
3,c card roe, total 22c
Paul Singleton, corporation, n. r, t lot L
Mill's adlditin; statc tax 75c, parish 37c, a
interest 17c, cartd oe,. total 1.39 i
Mrs Neville Bazile, col corporation, lot hr
3'7, 38S Mouton's addition: state tax 1.2o, sC
parish Goe, interest 29c, card loc, total 2.1
E- Emile lrousar'. no.n-rcsidlnt, 4 acres
of land Bounded north by M Stovis, south
0." H. pBroussard,a state tax 15c, parish 25c,
interest Sc, card Izoo, total 56c
. Welan Braford, non-resident,.z66 acres
.= d "n W 4,',re2In, T T, S R
3,ne; resC coer, sec 25, T S R:
state t '.78; pars 12.97, inte t 5 32,
card o.total'24. y7
Jules lbartez, parish non-resident, 7 acres
boundei-tlorth by 'F Hebert, south by O
lI- Hebert; state tax 25c, parish 42c, interest
0oc, card ic, total 87c
E PParker, parish non-resident, So acres
bounded north by Mrs J Chiasson, south by
by P Road; state tax 3.48, parish 5.8o, interest
of 1.48, card toc, total io.8o
nt Mrs Celestine Adam, Col, corporation,
vil improvements on lots 22o, 221, Mouiton's
he additson; state tal 75c. parish 37c, interest 1
at 17c, card toe, total 1.39
11 Mrs Israel Falk, non-resident, improve
ments in McComb's addition; state tax 3oo,
parish 15c, interest 7a, card roc, total 62c.
n- On said day I will sell such portion of
Ole said property as each debtor will point out,
he and in case the debtor will not point out
e, sufficiency property, I will at once and with
oe out further delay, sell the least quantity of
in said property of any debtor, which any bid
he der will buy for the amount of taxes, interest
d, and cost due by said debtor. The sale will
nt be without appraisement, for cash in legal
3Y tender money of the United States, and the
le property sold shall be redeemable any time
bc for the space of one year by paying the price I
given, with twenty per cent and cost and
:d penalty added.
te The mortgage creditors are hereby noti
c, fied that if the property to be sold is not re
deemed: the sale thereof when recorded in
:d the conveyance or mortgage office, shall
e- operate as acancellation of all conventional
o, and judicial mortgages thereon.
ISAAC A. BROUSSARD, 2
of Sheriff and Ex-Officio Tax Collector,
Saturday, Sept. 15, 1864. f
a
es Application for Pardon.
J LAFAYETTE, LA., August 21, 1g94.
I am applying for the pardon of my son,
Willie Taylor, convicted,of manslaughter in
l6 Lafayette Parish.
:h MRS. LTZZIE TAYLOR.
' . Cord Wood for Sale.
if Mostly Ash. Will deliver anywhere in or
hI about town. Apply at the store of
t. MOUTON Baos.
6 Boarders Wanted.
F Those desiring a good, private boarding
11 house--especially country boys and girls at
tending the high school-will do well to
d call at Mrs. Wm. Brent's.
' Succession of Onezime Senegal.
All persons having claims against said
:s succession will present same to undersigned
V within ten days, for classification.
n W. B. BAILEY, Administrator.
,, Sept. 8, 1894.
d
SHERIFF'S SALE. .
No 3851
i ETHIIENNE GODY vs. FRANCIS IIEBERT.
17th Judicial District Court,-Parish of La
s fayette, La.
J
.1 Notice is hereby given that by virtue of a
writ of fiera facias, issued from the 17th
s " Judicial District Court in the above entitled
T and numbered suit, and to me directed, I
1 have seized and will offer for sale at public
auction, to the last and highest bidder at the
f principal front door of the court house at
Lafayette, I a,.
Saturday, SepteUmher 15, iS09=.
t between legal sale hours, the follo;: :.g des
s cribed property, to-wit:
All the rights, titles, interests, claims
and demandis of Frnncis Ilbert as
surviving husband, in and to the property
inventored in thie succession of his cieccnased
t wife Cecile Mouton, and which interests, C
- titles, rights- claims and demand arc one un
divided half of all the property composing
said succession, and which is described in
Sinventory of succession of Cecile Mouton,
No. 1919, District Court, (Probate Docket)
Lafayette Parish, La., as follows:
Lot No. I-One certain tract of Pairie land,
1 situated in the parish of Lafayette, cont:ainng
Forty Six and 50o1co superficial arpents,
bounded North by land of Dupre Broussard
I South by land of Prosper l'-oussard. East by
land of Mrs. Elysie Broussard and \est by
land of Victor Gros de l'erodille, together
with all the buildings and iusproveiaents H
therein.
Lot No. 2-One certain tract of wood land
situated in the parish of Lafayette, having
one arpent front by nine arpents in depths,
boeunded North by land of Emrilic D t:rous
sard, wife of Perodilc, Soulh by lend of the
succession of Narcise Mouton or assigns.
Lot 3-One wagon, one creole horse, two
mares, one rmosoir, one table and six chairs
one clock, table kitchen tutensils.
I A IBROUSSARD, Sheriff
Stray .,d.
There came in my yard a Poland-China
hog about I year old. Owner will please
come and identify same and pay cost.
J. REVIlLON.
The Th oroughbred Holstein Bull,
Fee, $ , 5 o.
When zo cows are sent one taken
Beausejour
U a ,-r.. b f0
Or-., aal
Vermillion.
nics, artie Etc. atr or drinking an
see the place atd enjoy a splendid bath.
for Bathing.
Lost or Stolen
Ah ApLurican sorrel horse, unbranded.
I He answers to the name of "Scott." A
h beri reward will be given to they persgn
furuithing information as to his whegenbouts.
GERAC'BROS., Lafayette, La.
2730.
Good Service. Prompt Returns.
Columbia, ..
----R iice Mill,
NEW YORK.
The undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
above mill which is among the
largest in the United States. It is
equipped with the latest and best
machinery for the milling of Rice,
and secures out-turns equallcd by
few and excelled by none.
Consignments and correspon
dence solicited.
DAN TALMAGE'S SONS.
115 WALL STREET, NEW YORK.
W. L. DOUCLAST
$3 SHOE .'S UA.KN::
And other speelaltles tor
Gentlemen. Ladies Boys
and Misses are the
Best In the World.
See descriptive advertise.
imept which appears i this
vaper.
Take so Substitute.
Insist on having 1Y. L.
DOUGLAS' SHOES.
with name and prico
stamped on bottom. Sold by
Leo Doucet.
EVERYO3C Y
Knows a*merthi. Go rl fotrerrj-hy n'wadsys..
as it hes becomnt ind.plt ,x able in every b;ranch
OP INDUSTRY aso
ART.
WHY DON'T YOU BUY
a (Canors, and learn to take Pi'cenre-? To willt
iond it orecof t a' oa i-ost of atir. to nut-t'r nl.I
we will take as m.oh ple saco i:. teching you
HOW TO USE
a $2.50 Watch Camnera, as $~200 ont' t., free cf
charge.
1r3 ol c'nnot fit np a Dark Roolt of ylr own
Wo Wll u istr d.ve.i' ,,, i siti ""tg t
ncodcrato .i.:cs". cti.. S t: i :-.I
Cer. h A andisaL
30Jit3Jt4 STnenT9
Come arild se
Mouton Bros.
GELNFRAL
Lowest pr:ccs 0cotss: tet
with quality of goods.
GZfR OF fLL, SILVS.
Cures Ai3 -rpt'rtnel f Sbn Skin.
T.r~:a;ty Tp .'Lv' Cenl: s.
For Sale 'by sril Drag;-ists.
HORSES I -tcGO StrAL 8
I ],r.l &| C, rontdtl)., X.0
MONsT OEALING I S;tdd!l, Work and In Inam.
LOW PRICES I llor Anuctlon Wee.kly.
t P | ore and you icW eatve aoney.
RUSSIAN LINIMENT
Tlhe best oitanent for ltrenmatlrm
Lame PHat-I, Swnollen Licnsbs, etc.
2cisa. Fur hale by all asru gints
iT. CARMEL CWNVENT,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
The system of Edlucntion inclulcs the
French and 1%~lish languages, Music andl
all kinds of needle-work. Every attention
will be given to the health and comfoirto f
those placed under the care of the Sisters.
F'or terms napply to the Superior. I-4_
Sod u by TRAtlAN & DOU..ET, Lafavette; JULES PETETI,. Sunset; E. V- CARRY, Gra.S1
.,'te3aU ..MItCAU. .arejicro
wATCH THIS SPACE
FELIX DEMANADE,
The Up to Date Merchant
SELLS CHEAP.
Groceries
Liquors
Crockery
Willoware
and T o
Fancy
goods .
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LOUISIANA
Acadia College.
First-Class Throughou t.
Trainel Tcachcrs, Pallatial ,uildinga.
Ilenlthful I.ocation.
Special Adlvantages to French flsys and
(A-irls in Learning English.
IITomelile TI:arlting cpnrtmenet.
Cheap as the Cheacp:et; (0o;,.l as the Ic:at.
'Open to Girl; anl P<ays ali:..
if yo,,u arc ,in' o to Sr-chlool, 1).11't fail
to Vi ite, or visit. fi""t ,f :l l1.
6-3" 4i C'r1v.'len. I.'.i;ianna.
OThep Stooe!
LOUIS NOL .,XVE
AND OPTICIAN.
G,,hl Medal awardad at ix.snsiti:,:
i'78. Rlpairing of the atcale a s;oc ialt
All work chelnp nnl guaranteelI.
Lafavctlt.. La.
FASIiiON 8 N(Y
H1as been fully considered in r-..kin our pufch"ss ror this
Spring and SuTrmm:, er.
Ladies and Getlmen.ic., Bo;-s and Girls
Have had their Wants and Wishes considered and can bO
better supplied here than elsewhere.
Our Dry 6oods, Clthinq', Shoes and Hats
Novelties and cent.'s Furnishlings
ARE ONE FEAST OF BARGAINS
We are the People's Store.
L. LEVY & SON.
H. P. FOURNET,
AGENT r"
W. A: Vandercook,
WVHO .LSA!.E I"E. I.EI IN
Choice Wi!nes and Brandies
Los Angelus, -San Francisco and
1 i'" n:i d l)zif i'OTT .
. I. \, rl s;an.. .I r, : : : : : : : tI. .
FiP I1 I SA'lLE.
1. 1 ir: s !.le t. r ,'I n I' ot on Vt.
n I:, "u . . , ' * a h**f fr. i
--i! c.:i iilk I i',y to
ih -ir:- :n if ,ro h'-r r f.'- i n. ls ni1 the t: n
., , ;. . i:'... t. .,: .! . . i . . - .._ l I : to tak, e i. .