sti
l "01
M freeeborc, Tae.
Almost Blind
His He a MEass of Corruption
Blood Purified and Sight Restored
by Hood's Sarsaparllla.
"breeyaareoa agClrence three .ear old, wa
-rLwi ibr cula on the head whl a s oa y
rad u Ilt n totlnto is ee h e nde bcmer an
Clit blind. We did everythiig tht could be done
with thegl tsac of a sklled jny clan. tbu
wihplng did him any good i.Ls he and nk wer
--e maso corruoption, and weo thought he
Would Lose His EyeEight.
Itws then that we ommenced to us Hood's
eapa-lla. and inless than three weekas hits eye be
gn to improve. In a aOrto timo mos-otook on
a helthy appearance and graduaally heated. and
aw all re gone and Clarenc iL a bright and
Hood' S
Hcd'S . . arilla
Cures
beaihylyld. with clear beautiful eyes.. we am
t.isa.d that ood's ha. made a complete.o,."
D~aLaoeogrz. 5. YrMurtrecaboro. Tenn. C
tHood's Pills cure Constipation by restor
lutlte peristatloactionof the alimentry canaL t
t
eS tI
s Os, IU
ILUO MNES8, DYSPEPSIA,
SICK HEADACHE, WEAK STOMACH,
DISORDERS OF THE LIVER.
I have uoed Brodie's Pills for many years In
My family and have found them invaluable in
51l cases, and s a Liver Pill do not think they
have an equal. Gao. H. WVz3W. I
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS. 1
PRNCE, se.. e .4=.
L.L. LYONS & CO., Proprietors. '
STae'w Orleawz n . L.e 1
Easily Taken Up
Cod Liver Oil as tt
appears in Scott's
Emulsion is easily
taken up by the
system. In no
other form can so
much fat-food be
assimilated with
out injury to the
organs of digestion.
Seot's Emulsion
of Cod Liver Oil with Hypophos
pfhiteshhas come to be an article
of every-day use, a prompt and
infallible cure for Colds, Coughs,
Throat troubles, and a positive
builder of flesh.
Prepamed by Scott& Bowne N. Y. Alldrugristg.
BIG FOUR
ROUTE
TO THE
SUMMER RESORTS
---O T-HE
NORTH . EAST.
. . BEST LINE TO .
THE GREAT LAKES,
NEW ENGLAND
AND THE SEA SHORE.
ASK FOR TICKETS VIA
Big Four Route.
B. O. McCORMICK, D. B.'MARTIN,
Passenger Traffic Oeneral Passenger and
Managr. Ticket Agent,
CINCINNATI, O.
On the face
and back of every card of
genuine De Long PAT.
HooKs AND EYES will be
found the words:
See that
hump?
Richardson
lakl the Dutch Process
No Alkalies
Other Chemicals
PreParto of
W BAKEB & CO.'S
ata Ttll,·
WOMAN AND HOME
. r:iOX. FOR OLIPPINGa.
Wee asmy sease S Irs Gero Ceaovensm~ A
Tham a Sem apeek.
Scrapbooks are not always desirable _
things. The sticky work copinected "
with them is awkward and trouble- d
some. So readers may like a clipping- p
box, which will prove very useful, as it a
permits one to keep clippings until s
they can be discarded for later ones. c
Buy some good-sized square envel- ,
opes and write on the flap of each in a
distinct classification headings: "Club u
Notes," "Puzzles," etc., until all the o
subjects that interest you have their n
own envelopes. Get-any ordinary box F
of the width and height 'of the envel- y
ope amd some silver wire that is heavy ,
enough to be firm and soft enough to A
*n
b
n
lBOX FOR CLIPPINGS. t
be easily managed. With a carpet
needle prick holes along the two sides
of the box where the ribbon is shown
in the design. Then run the wire
through these holes so as to make it 1
stand out in points inside the box, as
shown in the design. Do you see that I
this wire lining the box on each side
gives a set of brackets down the
length of your box into which the
envelopes are to be slipped?
The disfigurement of the box upon
the outside may be. covered with a
band of ribbon with a rosette bow at
the corner. Ribbon across the top,
too, will be pretty and serve as a
ground for a painted or written in
scription, "Clippings."-Aunt Laurie. I
in N. Y. Recorder.
PRETTY BED SPREADS.
Charming Patterns Which Are Delight
Ing Good Hollsekeepers.
A pretty spread may be made with a
series of squares of linen worked in a
pattern resembling tiles. White linen i
is often used for these spreads. but
quite as pretty are some of the tinted
fabrics so popular now-pale blue,
green or fraise, for example-such as
may be worked with white flax thread
and trimmed with torchon lace and in
sertion. The size of the larger squares 4
depend in great measure upon that of
the spread, and they may be made all
exactly in the same or in different man
ner, according to fancy.
These squares are connected with
bands of insertion, and these are fin
ished with tiny squares of linen em
broidered to match the rest. A deep
frill of lace should be carried round the
edges. Some workers make coverlets
such as this of a series of linen doy
leys, such as may be bought ready
traced at the shops. Instead, too, of
connecting them with bands of insets
tion, a pretty effect may be obtained
by using them alterpately with squares
of drawn threadwbrk. guipure d'art,
or fine crochet. The frill round the
edges, of course, must correspond.
Another pretty bed spread may be
made of a square of tinted linen bor
dered all round with a broad hem
.(about five inches wide) of a second
color. Partly on the center and partly
on the hem should be traced a flowing
pattern to be worked in white flax
thread, and in the center should be
traced a colossal initial or monogram.
Other spreads may be made of cre
tonne, the design being accentuated
and partly filled in with stitches of col
ored silk and perhaps an outlining of
tinsel. Large tassels of parti-colored
threads should be sewn on at interval~
along the sides.-Chicago Mail.
Party Dresses ft.r Girls.
Party dresses for little girls are quite
as attractive as the childish beauties
of the little wearers deserve. Th''l
main idea on which the small maiden's
"party dress" is built is a low-necked,
short-sleeved slip of silk, over which
is draped gauze, tulle. chiffon, or mus
lin, the skirt and bodice being made in
one in the silk slip, the skirt either
made full or flaring. in nine-gored
shape. If there is muslin worn over
this. it is a mass of frills, high in the
neck, the sleeves coming down to the
wrists and the whole enriched with
beautiful needlework. Lace and body
ribbon are also used in the production
of elaborate effects.
Preserving Daby's First Shoes.
A recent fad among young mothers is
to have baby's first shoes made objects
of beauty and sentimental interest
through the agency of some metal
preparation that is poitred over the
Slittle shoe. causing it to retain its
d shape and showing all those dear little
spots and den's, so precious in the
eyes of the fond parent. An enter
prising firm has hit upon this plan, and
from the success they are inaking the
idea proves itself a very popular one.
The slla Hosiery Temptation.
Th.e exquisite elegance of the new
silk hosiery is tempting enough to
bankrupt the most resolute woman's
allowance. Black silk stockingts have
Chantilly lace insertion up the front
and daintily embroidered cream white
ones have lace inserted clocks up the
side, while between these subdued
colors there is every variety of fantas
tic design interwoven in cohr with
black.
Object Lesson on the Chair.
Teacher (having directed the atten
tion of the class to the various pasts of
a chbair)-Of what use is the seat-in a
chair?
Bright Little Girl (who knows it all)
--I-know. -
Teacher-~You may tell the class.
Bright Little Girl-To keep the peo
; l fkom flopping on the floor.--4udge.
hat He wants to Raoo.
The aras wasteof letters in goography
|s a thing that incites my wrath
Why shouti one place be omled "Constantin
ple," .
SAnd another ploO be led lath?
-- liPr's Young People
cloth $eos Nettles.
. NIees are cultivated in partcs. of
Europe, the fber ltqeg o Ueful for tey
tile fcbris
ShIOUSEHOLD DRUDGERY.
Whry W omes shaould la Away foem
'*tme-8 eworee stems. g
It is a well-established 'fact bai of
American housewives are the slaves of ad
conventionality and method if ever le(
women were. What we need is a ae
declaration of independence from this
present cast-iron system that makes us a
all do the same thing on exactly the pr
same day and at the same hour, not be- th
cause we want to, oh no, but be- mi
cause everybody does so we must. fir
Our mothers washed on Monday. ca
ironed on Tuesday, baked and mended
on Vednesday, gave the girl her after- se
noon on Thursday, swept the house on so
Friday and baked on Saturday; bless M,
your heart, it was always done this m
way, and who dares jump the fence? ye
And to forego the big, hot Sunday din- 1
nor would be a heresy from which the
stoutest and most progressive heart
refrains. I know that the time-hon- G
ored prophecy is based on Patrick th
Henry's saying that there was no way th
of judging the future but by the past, 11
but with due respect to that worthy
gentleman, there is a better way, for
where would progress be were that
the principle of life? We should U
be in a continuous round, a cir- -v
cle, a treadmill, from which there Pr
would be no escape; as yesterday sp
was so will to-morrow be. Why er
not select a new way of doing even the P'
old things just for a change if for no M
other motive; it is the same old groove,
or rut, that grinds us down and whit- tI
ties us into the sharp points that we so of
much dread; so then, first of all, let us i
dispense with some of the luxuries, say bi
the big Sunday dinner that entails so T'
much work on the feminine portion of PE
the home, and let us eat that meal re
some other day or if you will have a
big dinner on that day go to the res- no
taurant and give the wife a little, at ti
least, of a different kind of cooking; be
true it may not be savory as the home-. tl
made article, but it will enhance our T
appreciation of that article. Then in- I
stead of burdening our souls on Sun- si
day evening with the query as to ci
whether the washerwoman will come
on the morrow, and the preparations al
for her reception, in the way of getting li
up the tubs and sorting over the soiled "
clothing, why not leave these rites n
until Monday, gather up our clothing al
on that day and wash on the next; if It
not, why not? There are a number of a
things that might be done, but Rome e<
was not built in a day nor will all the iv
reforms come in a day.--Grace Ter
hune, in Womankind. tl
SAFETY-PIN HOLDER. b,
Clever In D)eslgmn and 1,lce Enough for 0
Any Nursery. I
There are all styles and shapes of y
pin-cushions, from the practical, old- t
fashioned square design to the latter- so
day bit of giddiness-frills and ruffles
and ribbons. Horseshoes, tambourines, a
crescents, four-leaf clovers, triple
bolsters, and a dozen different fancies, h
are to be seen in gowns of satin, over. 0
laid.with foamy frills of lace. a
With such a varied choice, is it an3 d
wonder that the most elegant conceit "
S
rA
~BOK W1t4T'
s F A SAFT<
E in silver pin trays fails to banish the
cushion from my lady's dressing-table?
A nursery belonging most attractive
in its way is the safety-pin holder.
This consists of sevegl circular layers
of bright tinted flan~l, pinked at the
edges and topped by a circular piece 1
of celluloid, the whole being fastened
together in the middle by a few strong
stitches. In letters of gold, you
i read upon the celluloid cover the hint t
to "'look within for a safety-pin."
The decapitated head of a Chinesoe
i droll is fastened in the center of the
0 celluloid.
Evolutlon of White Custards.
At a cooking-school lecture, the
e teacher demonstrated the evolution of
s some white custards that should go
•down to posterity. They are made as I
s follows: Break the whites of four eggs (
into a small teacupful of granulated
I sugar, mixing thoroughly, but not
beating the eggs. Into this is stirred,
n gradually, a pint and a half of rich
r milk, previously heated thoroughly,
d but neither scalded nor boiled. The
r mixture should be quite smooth before
A being put into the cups; if not, it
Sshould be strained. Place the cups in
Ii a pan of water and cover with thick
y hbrown or buttered paper to prevent
a their coloring. They should be quite 1
I white when done. Bake in amoderate
I oven.
wvas Afraid of the Water.
s An interesting incident of wild beast
life was recently witnessed by a
Stourist in Asotin county, Wash. A deer
. came bounding down the steep sido
sof a bare. rocky hill on the edge of
e Snake river, closely followed by a
Inrge mountain lion. The deer
plunged headlong into the river and
d swam toward the further shore. The
Sbig cat stopped short at the water's
edge, put its paw gingerly into the
water, drew it back and watched the
deer' gain the opposite bank in safety
r and disappear in the woods. Then,
o with a disappointed snarl, the lion
Sslnk away.
STrying to Ecape.
t "There!" said the young wife proud
C ly, as she deposited the hot plate care
C fu;ly on the table. "That's the first
d mince pie that I ever made without
any help: all alone myself."
S "So i~ t is:" exclaimed her husband
enthusiastically, looking it over crit
ically meanwhile. "And as long as it
is the very first, my dear, don't you
think that, instead of cutting it, it
Swould be nice to keep it for a souve
nir? How would it do to have it
I) framed?"-Somerville Journal.
Beauty of Absence.
WViggins-I wonder how it is that old
DeCash always speaks so highly of his
poor cousin in the west?
Grump-HI'm. His cousin is so hard
up that he never .an afford to pay him
a visit:-Truth.
A Aodern StIrsele.
"A miracle happened on the B & 0.
line the other night"
"You don't say so."
of "'Yes; they discovered a hot boz'
- whtle the train weas passin throug
PERSONAL AND LIsERARY.
-Anna W. Williams, whose profle
graces thle silvep.dollar, is the teacher g
of kindergarten philosophy in thePnl
adelphia Normal school. She is also a
lecturer of considerable popularity,
and has written many papers on Froe
bel and his doctrines.
-Mr. Munro Ferguson, according to
a. Scotch newspaper, said that after
prodding Mr. Gladstone on the subject,
the ex-premier said: "My dear sir, I
might as well undertake to replace the
first man in the garden of Eden as to a
carry home rule for Scotland."
-Only one man in the history of the
senate, Thomas II. Henton, of Mis- h
souri, served longer than Justin S. Ii
Morrill. of Vermont, who has been a
member of that body nearly thirty a]
years. Benton was elected October 2, t
1820, and retired March 4, 18.5t. b
-Thomas Carlyle once told a young
college graduate in the presence of t]
Gen. J. G. Wilson, "better continue at a
the plow all your days than depend on l8
the writing of history for a living."
lie abandoned literature and is now a li
successful preacher in Scotland. b
-Thomas H. Benton, for thirty years n
United States senator from Missouri, t
would not allow the word "Hon." to be
prefixed to the pamphlet copies of his
speeches which he sent to his constitu
ents and other persons. "The title
page reads, "Speech of Mr. Benton. of
Missouri." C
-Dr. Addison Hills, the "father of b
the Lake Shore railway," who fills the n
office of assistant to the President, has
just completed his eighty-seventh F
birthdat anniversary, the Railway t
Times says: He is hale and hearty, and a
performs his duties with his old-time I
regularity and punctuality.
-Dan Beard, the artist, probably did
not work his single-tax sympathies into a
the illustrations to Mr. Astor's new a
book. He distributed them plentifully t
through his illustrations to Mark
STwain's "Yankees at the Court of King t
Arthur," and Mark wrote to the artist,
saying: "I was netting for fireflies and
caught a comet."
-Lewis Morris, one of the most I
skillful versifiers and accomplished e
literary students of-. England, says: t
"There never was bitter poetry than
now, since Shakespeare. It is a stupid I
and ignorant cry that poetry is dead. T
It is not dead, and can not die so long I
as human nature, limited in knowl I
edge, is always reaching onwards to
ward the unseen."
* -Although Verdi is eighty, he is not I
the patriarch of musical composers, as
many people think him. That honor
belongs to Ambroise Thomas, composer c
of "Mignon" and "Hamlet," who was
born in 1811, and is consequently three
years the senior of Verdi. Auber lived
to be eighty-nine, and Mr. Thomas is
so well preserved a veteran that there r
is a prospect of his reaching that great
age.
-Frank Sayers, of WVaynesburg, P'a.,
has found some valuable letters in his
old garret. One of them is dated Phil
adelphia., 'a., October 8, 1777, and ad
dressed to George Washington. It was I
written by Jacob Duche, who was evi
dently a minister in the church of En
gland, and who in this letter declines
the chaplaincy of the continental con
gress, to which he had been appointed
by Gen. Washington.
HUMOROUS.
-Dangerous City.-"A nice sort of a
town this! At every corner a creditor
awaits a fellow."-Fliegende Blatter.
-The wise prove and the foolish con
fess by their conduct that a life of em
ployment is the only life worth living.
-Paley.
--Prescilla-"Don't you wish you
were old Van Itullion's wife?" Prunella
--"No; but I wish I was his widow."
N. Y. Herald.
-Landlady-"llave yor tried the cor
fee this morning, Mr. Linton?" MIr.
Linton-"Yes, I have, and it has proved
an alibi."--lrookl~yn Life. .
-"How is Dykins getting on with
the farm he bought?" "Pretty well.
He tells me he saved money on it last
year." "lIow?" "Let it to another
man."-Tit-Bits.
-Howard--"'lho is that girl that
mumbles so frightfully to whom you
introduced me?" Hewitt-"That's Mliss
SUanicinson, the teacher of voice cul
ture."-N. . Y. orld.
-Indignant Constituent--"Sir, you
s have proven false to your principles."
SGreat Statesman-"1\ othing'of the sort.
ri merely wore them out and got a new
set"--Indianapolis Journal.
-German l'olice Ordinance.-"From
the beginning of darkness every vehicle
' must have a lighted lantern. Dark
e ness begins when the street lamps are
lighted."-Fliegende Blatter.
--She --"Kiss me again." Ile-"'My
k dear, I've just kissed you seventeen
it times in seventeon seconds." She (re
. proachfully)-"liarold, you love an
Sother!"--l'hiladelphlia Record.
-Mrs. Kidder-"I lhad aclose call to
day, dear." Kidder (anxiously)
"W-what was it?" Mlrs. Kidder (com
placcntiy)-"WVoman next door came
Sin to see me."-1luffalo Courier.
o -Disturbing the ]peace.-J udge
S"What's the charge against thie pris
a oner?" Officer-"Disturbing the peace,
r your honor." Judge-"\Vhat was he
d doing?" Offieer- "Singing 'After the
Ball.'"-Detroit Free Press.
-'"JTosiar," said Mrs. Corntossel, who
had been reading a chapter on art in
Sher weekly paper, "what do you reckon
a 'lay figure' is?" "A lay figure? I
, dunno-onless may be it happens to be
Sthe price o' eggs."-WVashington Star.
-1Vife-"WVhat do you men have at
the club that you hafen't at home
which makes the club so much more
attractive?" Hlusband-"My dear, it is
a- what we haven't at the club that we
t have at home which constitutes all the
at ttraction."-Atlanta Constitution.
Id -On High Olympus.-"What are you
Slooking so glum about, old man?"
it asked Jupiter. MIars frowned. "A lit
tie German tailor has invented a bul
Slet-proof suit that is likely to interfere
with my business," said hie. "They
it are getting a little the best of you,"
said he. "They are getting a little the
best of you," chimed the Cupid, "butit
wvill be a cold day before they ever get
an armor that is proof against my
is darts."--Indinnapolis Journal.l
-Aurelia (anxiously)-"Have you
d seen George this evening, papa? He
u promised to call." Papas-"Yes, hedid
call, and I entertained him for an hour
before you came down stairs." Aure
lia-"You entertained ]him. papa?"
SPapa-"Yes. I gave him a list of all
the new dresses you had last year, and
the cost of each. I never saw a man
x* more interested, yey h,' )eft very Jur
id rdly."--TitSBit
THE TRAVELER'm NOTES.
Mm.nr of the Austrian parliment
Azour 1,90,.000 a lrtieifare;lepge
with London pawnbrokers ah week.
Ix Russia, as in Franee, Italy and
Spain, titles earry no privileges, eiter
ofelal or social.
Tax textile congress of ran has
decided to adopt a standard list of
prices, as in England.
Tna amount paid as royalties on coal
and metals in 1880 in the United King
dom was estimated at $5.000,000.
Tax longest time during which a note
has remained outside the Bank of Eng
land is 111 years. It was for $195.
A P.ArsxAx is oh trial for man
slaughter, because his dog bit s pedes
trian, causing the latter's death from
hydrophobia.
Bnxcxs from what is believed to be
the remains of the old Tower of Babel
are still found in great profusion at
Birs Nimrud, Babylonia.
Trna were in England and Wales
last, year 218,951 marriages, 914,189
births and 569,928 deaths. The eati
mated population of the two countries
to the middle of the year wss 29,781,100.
Protecting Cottoeeme.
The 1. K. Fairbank Comany of Ohi
cgo have lately brought suit in the United
tes Court against L. Henry, of this
city, for t,0UO.OfU for infringement of their
trade mark "Cottolene." The N. K. Fair
bank Company sets forth that thef origi
nated, prepared, and put upon the market
a new food product onsisting of refined
Cotton Seed Oil and a small proportion of t
Beef Suet, making a palo yellow material of t
the consistency and substance of lard, al
most without odor and intended to take the t
place of lard in cooking. t
In order to indicate the source and gen
nineness of their new food product, ylr
originated, coined, and used as a trade mark
the word "Cottolene." The healthfulness tl
and many other advantages of Cottolene s1
overlard were so apparent that Cottolene ti
became at once very popular and is now n
largely sold all over the country.
The new food product and its name "Cot
tolene" have become widely known as the o
product of The N. K. lairbank Company. p
The trade mark is described as a "trade a
mark for Oleaginous Food BSubstances, o
&c," "consisting of a head or neck of a ci
Steer or other bovine partially enclosed by
sprigs and branches of the Cotton plant."
The N. K. Fairbank Company charges
that W. L. Henry of Macon, Ga., a dealer
in fresh meats and food products generally,
has been and is endeavoring unlawfully to
avail himself of the benefits of the name
"Cottolene" and its popularity; that he has
been and is selling a product similar in kind,
but inferior in quality under the name of
"Cottolene" to the injury of the original t
and genuine "Cottolene," and to the loss
and injury of its manufacthrers The N. K. i
Fairbank Compauy.
The infringements upon the trade mark of 1
"Cottolene" have become so frequent, and
so many dealers are selling an inferior
article and claiming it to be tottolene that
The N. K. Fairbank Company are deter
mined to protect their customers and pro
pose to sue every retail dealer who is thus
imposingnpon his customers and infringing 1
pon The r. K. Fairbank Company's traGa.
Munoo-"Some villain got into my room
last night and stole a pair of brand new
trousers. .I had them made in London."
Yabsley--"London made, eh? Oh, you
are all right, then. They will turn up the
first day it rains."-Indianapolis Journal.
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh That
Contain Mercury.,
as mercury will surely destroy the sense of
smell and completely derange the whole
system when entering it through the mu
cous surfaces. Such articles should never
be used except on prescriptions from rep
utablephysicians, asthe damage they will do
is ten fold to the good you can possibly de
rive from them. Hall's Catarrh Cure man
ufactured by F. J. Cheney & Co., Toledo, O., i
contains no mercury, and is taken inter- I
nally, acting directly upon the blood and
mucous surfaces of the system. In buying
Hall's Catarrh Cure be sureyou get the nen
uine. It is taken internally, and made in
Toledo, Ohio, bg F. J. Cheney & Co. Testi
menials free
Sold by Druggists price T5e. per bottle.
all's Family Pills, 2i cents.
"IT certainly has done Silas good to jine
the church," said Mrs. Corntossel. "I'm
glad ter hear it," said the visitor, "but how
kin yeo tell I" "He went fishin' yesterday an'
owned up ter not gettin' a bite."-Washing
ton Star.
Free as Air.
Although longand obstinately obstructed,
free as air become the bowels when Hos
tetter's Stomach Bitters is used to relieve
and regulate them. Not that the eat
laxative operates unduly upon them. Quite
the contrary. Neither does it cause griping.
In both these particulars itis preferable to a
violent cathartic. Use the Bitters for ma
larial and rheumatic ailments, kidney trou
ble, biliousness, dyspepsia and nervousness.
MA-iY a man who claims to be looking for
work wouldn't recognize a job if it stepped
Sup and tapped him on the shoulder.-Phila
delphia Record.
Western American Scenery.
The Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul R'y
has now ready fordistribution a sixteen page
portfolio of scenes along its line, half tones,
of the size of the WVorld's Fair portfolios
lately issued. They are only ten cents each
and can be obtained without delay by
remittin the amount to GEO. H. HBEMPORD,
General ass. Agent, Chicago, Ill.
BOOK AGENT (entering the sanctum)-"I
have a little work here which-" "Excuse
me," interrupted the victim, "but I have a
great deal."-Boston Courier.
UNCLE TRErOP--"That heifer is two
years old." City Niece--"How do you
know' L"By her horns." "Oh, to be sure;
she has only two."-Life.
KNOWLEDGE
e Brings comfort and improvement and
is tends to personal enjoyment when
e rightly used. The many who live bet
Ster than oters and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best productsr to
, the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
I laxative principles embraced in the
- remedy, Srup of Figs.
e Its excellence is due to its presenting
| in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
. beneficial properties of a perfect lax
it ative; efhetuilly cleansing tae ,systei,
t dispeing cold headaches and fevers
Sad peranently ring on.stpton.
It has iven asati ton mllions and
u met with the approval of the medical
Ie profession, because it acmts on the Kid
id meyrs. Liver and Bowels without weaL-.
r ening them and it is perfeetly free fLom
- evr objectionable substaace.
n yp of Figs is br ale by all drug
ant dSin10c sz $ bottles, hat it is
d ufactued by the Oslifoein kFgE
n Co. only, whoe name is printed on every
and b re a infarmted, wr i L
~oe1)t sa mubutintet iian
SIDE from the fact that the
cheap baking powders contain
alum, which causes indigestion and
other serious ailments, their use is
extravagant.
It takes three pounds of the best
of them to go as far as one pound
of the Royal Baking Powder, be
cause they are deficient in leavening
gas.
There is both health and econ
omy in the use of the Royal Baking
Powder.
ROYAL sAKINO POWDER 00.. 106 WALL ST..I EW-YORK.
tEmoary Not In It.-".My theory," began
the man as the policeman tried to steer him
straight: "my theory-" "Com off,"' in
terrupted the omcer; "it isn't your theory
that I'm interested in now; it is your con
dition," and he yanked him along merrily.
I. the. Mrket.-Customer-"Seend me up
three pounds of steak." 'Butcher-"Beef
steak or porkoteak i" Customer-"Mis
take. I forgot; my wife said she wanted
mutton chops."-Detroit Free Press.
"BanAVE yourself, my child," said the
oYter to his son. "Father, you forget," re
plied the youthful oyster. "'t is the merry
month of May, and no one expects an
oysterto be good at this time. I am not a
clam."-Harper's Bazar.
"- . l who viv the In.l"*
sh-lurd glctsutute, at Buf
eitbere, by those who have already, from
oalexperience, learned of the eat
Triumph In Cnservatlve surgery
ahieved-by the ureons of that famed anrt.
tutdo Ltt*Je her~ol. ocuing surgery 1
TUMORu . For Instance.
TUMOR Ovarian. FFibroid (Utrine) and
vma Otny other aroM removedab
leetrolysl and other conservative means and
threbl thu perils of cutting operation
jfE TUMORS, however lrgdil . Fistla
e andotherdie sseofthe
lower bowel, are rm ntl ored without
or reao to tho ni fe. -
ffrII NII or Breah (Rernia) S rradoly
cured without the krnie and
withoutain Trs can be thrown awayl
erN the Bladder. -no matter how
•TmON, is 5Ished, ulverisedwsah
ed out and a iov removed without cutting.
tins in hundreds of cases.
SnrPamphletanyumerous rof.erneesand mU
World's DisnyMedical ssociation
Main StreDt Buffa. N Y.
8 In Scercher, 15lbs
Fitted with 0. & J.
cllncher pneumatle tire. Warraated
equal to eanybicycla built, regardless pf price. Cats.
free. Agents waated in every town.
Indiana Bicycle Co., No. 10 Z Si., Indianapolis, nd.
FRANK LESLIE'SIVILWA
Scenes and Portraits CIV IL vv i
. . OF THE ..
PIGTURES OF STIRRING BATTLE SGENES I
. . GRND GOVALRY GHRfRGES I
AND PORTRAITS OF THE LEAODING GEERALS ON BOTH SIDES.
To be published in thirty weekly parts, Each part oontainlbg sixteen pictures with
appropriate, descrio'ptive reading matter and handsame cover. Masiled to ny address
on receipt of
L-TW EL.. CENTS POR EACH PART.
PART ONE READY APRIL I 5tb.
And each week another part issued until the series is complete. Remit $8.80 at
once and receive the parts weekly or send Ise. at a time for each part.
Pestage stamps accepted. Address
LEON PUBLISHING CO., Exclusive General Western Agents,
1030 Caxton Building, : : CHICACO, ILL.
TELL 5"ECRET
"SINCE .1 USED
SGLMRETE
SSOAP
My Glothes are whiter,mny Health better.
my Labor less:'
BEST, PUREST 4 MOST ECONOMICAL
A THEH.I.FAIRBAIK GOMPAY. siltoms.
UIOP WHISKY and TOBACCO
HABITS CURED AT HOME
IN 14 ro 8 DAYs. Remedy is perfectly safe-a child can take it
Noshing severe abont treatment Book of rticulars free. Corre*
jlatrlnemed .. 0 tOm sess ke spondenco sTRICfLYotNrzDlrEBAt. Plainenveloes used. For
. ......... terms, eeto_.i L, 80ars ,tsi.,
Tobaeoo nemef.... 1500 Of ce, 418 Poplar Street MMIIS. TBNN.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
,SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS OLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOIQLQ 9Lg yeeo IN EVERY KITQHEN4t
Wu:: you talk love to your children
don't do it with a switch in your hand.
Ram's Horn.
GLaxN.Sulphur Soapisagenuine remedy
for Skin Diseases.
Hll's Hair and Whisker Dye,50 cents.
Tn troubles we most fear never happen.
-Ram's Horn.
...F-0
. . . a ontL . 4
°al nsr e nd E .. _ a
>-cVickw' s Water. CmhicOWo
WJEN WRITIG T"O ADVERTIES. PL'ai
Pr 1f t S oau csry t as. vaPs aec i ch
tate .et yes O se w te Advertlee, mwat Is tis
DMIem