-HE -AZETTE.
Swobscrip1ii Pssuce $r Per
.TiWN AND COUNTRY.
The Gazette will publish, next
Saturday, the delinquent tax list for
the parish of Lafayette.
The Gazette is still in the ring
ready for the next round.
The proceedings of the Police Ju
ry in this issue are worth reading.
Miss Ada Moss is visiting rela
tives in New Iberia.
Mr. Warren Gardiner was among
the visitors here this week.
Mr. A. N. Muller of New Iberia
spent several days here this week.
Miss Lou Wartelle, of Opelousas,
visited her sister Mrs. L. F. Salles
the early part of this week.
Miss Lella Nicherson returned
home Sunday from a pleasant visit
to Abbeville.
Mrs. Wm. Brandt has removed to
her residence where she will continue
to receive boarders.
The Misses Maude White and r
Kate Havard, of Opelousas, were r
visitors to our city this week.
The Misses Minnie and Nettle
Pulford, and Cecile Olin, of Ope
lousas, were visitors at Mrs. Peffer
korn this week.
Miss M. L. Younger, of Avoy- in
elles parish, is the guest of her
nephew and niece, Mr. and Mrs. F. b.
C. Triay.
Mrs. Alice Hannah and Miss  y
Alice McFadden, of Hope, Ark.,
are on a visit to the family of Mr. tlI
Alexander Morgan. ci
Ladies and children haircutting at doni or
cile. L. P. Bagarry.
Misses Lea Gladu and Alex Ju
dice spent Wednesday in Royville
as guests of Dr. Scranton and th
family. to
Miss Emily Bailey a student of gr
the Academy of the Holy Cross, Yu
Opelousas is spending her vacation ,,
at home.
thi
It is a positive pleasure to note al
how finely the crops are growing, g
and promising such a bountiful co
yield. ne
People who were heretofore blind- s
ed by plausible sophistry are begin- tie
W2ing to see how the feline is going. at,
to jump. the
Miss Edith Going, of Washington, a,
who had been spending some days thi
in Lafayette the guestnof Mrs. Marsh, w
returned home Wednesday. I
Miss Evelin Joret, of Morgan sr
City, who has been spending some the
days with' her friend Miss Clara De
Vallier, returned home Thursday. Pha
Mrs. Alfred Voorhies, and daugh- lea
ter, Miss Philomene, went over to Gla
St. Martinsville Tuesday, to witness my
trey
the 4th of July display in that town be
and returned home Wednesday. of
Wednesday, a negro living on less
Col. G. A. Breaux's plantation near fat
town, were prostrated by the heat adv
while working in the field and died o
from its effects. urg
ane
Constable Wm. Graser arrested and
Sunday a negro named Joseph try
Babin accused of stealing a pair proj
of shoes from another citizen of the fu!
same hue. Joe is resting easy Yes,
behind the bars. cent
dal
Miss Julia Hearle and sister, of It w
Houston, Texes stopped a few days Car
here on their way to New Orleans.
They were guests of Miss Alix inpi
Judice. Con
hout
Dr. F. E. Girard who is now oc- woo
cupying the position of resident pe
physician at the Ear, Eye, Throat atte,
Hospital, New Orleans was a visitor
to his home and friends this week. noce
pica
A negro hailing from Abbeville your
named John Smith is in limbo, and on
was arrested in the act of disposing is at
of the last of a lot of five excur- h
sion tickets at reduced rates, bubi
last Sunday. He claimed that the d
tickets had been given to him by a
negro girl who told him she had o
found them. John Smith stands a unde
fine chance to do the State some
service on the levees.
While Mrs. Bagnall was preparing child
a meal on the stove, and was in the the
act of turning over the steak with this
a spoon, a turkey stalked in, and lovin
raising her arms to shoo it away no
struck herself in the temple with the pleas
spoon cuttig a gash which bled soe
profusely, but fortunately it proved of ki
nothing serious. Fa
The appointment of Mr. Overton Farec
Cade to the superintendency of the A,
saint has probably set the bee buzzing then
in the bonnet of several parties, for For
The Gazette has heard on the dead selel
quiet that several gentlemen are rCVer,
being groomed to enter the race.priate
The Gazette will be heard from in Dan,,i
due time. so
Mt.'ARMEL
SCONVENT.
The Commencement Exercises
at this Splendid Institution
next Fittingly Carried Out.
for
The commencement exercises of the
ring Mount Carmel Convent held in the
spacious convent hall, were attractive
and interesting, and were in keeping w
Ju- the spendid achievements of this model in
ing. stitution.
ela- The exercises of the young ladies' de
partment were held on Saturday, and the
following programme was most creditably
ong carried out:
Chreur pour Ia distribution des prix. .
"I.abor," (song by the pupils)-Misses A
tria Martin, R Weigel, L Herbert, H Gerac, A
ek. Mouton, I. Vigneaux, Sad.e Mouton.
Reverse of the Medal-Miss L Kleib. E
5as, Etter, J Andling, L Matthew, L McKeon,
I McDaniel, Della Broussard.
lies Parasol Dlrill-By twenty-one girls.
Quarrel Among the Flowers-BLy thirteen
girls.
ied Le Prix de Respect-Misses M Revillon,
isit L Gerac, J Revillon, L Doucet, L Revillon,
Ii Thibodeaux, I Mouton, I Savoy, A Co
meaux, M lBrdussard, G Guchereaux, L Me
lancon, A Cafbell I.. Judice. i
Ito Farewell-Siong by little girls.
ue he following is the valedictory delivered
by Miss Isaure McDnniel, which was ren
dered in a most pleasing and effective man- C
rnd ner, and which drew forth nimany compli- C
CrC ments-for the fair young graduate: a
VALEDICTORY ADDRESS.
The days of youth advance.
The beunding' link, the ardent glance
tc The kindling soul they bring.
Its lires bur:ning summer time, L
Rerverend fatker, iinvd teacers and loring
er- cotpnlions.
Life bears us on like the stream of a mid
night river. Our boat at first glides down
the narrow channel through the playful mur- I1
muring of the little brook and the windings n_
ier of its grassy borders. The trees shed their C,
F. blossoms over our young heads, the flowers I
seem to offer themselves to our youthful
hands; we are happy in hope and grasp eager- H
i ly at the beauties around us, but the stream I
Iturrries us on, and still our hands are empty. pa
t., Reverend and beloved pastor, to enumerate t,
[r. the advantages I have derived from your
noble instructions, both in school and in mr
church, would be needless to those cherished mi
ni ones of Mt. Carmel Convent who are always ha
ready to acknowledge the fruits of your be
exertions
Since my entrance into this happy convent, th.
your lessons of wisdom have directed my gr
le childhood. Hlow often have I heard you say
id that we should live above the world, that we Ut
should consider it our chief business on earth Pa
to glorify God and get to heaven. Rc
Ye;, dear Father, I will do all I can to be
of grateful for your noble instructions and hope
s, you will pray to God to keep me faithful and
that I may never be shaken in the path of Ba
)n duty. )'
sDear mother and loving sisters, my heart at Jac
this momenuet is over-flowing with regret and Le
te all that I can say is that during my stay at Un
school you have been to me as so many
32 guardian angels by your gentle words of
ul consolation, giving encouragement which
never shall be forgotten.
Day after day, hour after hour, you have per
sat instructing us an implanting in our young
hearts those sentiments which should adorn got
t- the Christian character.
When I reflect upon this, I see how week the
- and incapable I am of returning sufficient
thanks, but I will endeavor to walk in the hoT
path you have so often pointed out to n;, Bot
I, and will invoke the blessings of heaven on 2
this dear convent and its pious inmates. ie
Lovely little chapel, I will miss thee ! Sid
1, What happy mlonments have I passed at the 1
foot of thy Altars : Altars endeared to the ten
hearts of Mount Carmel pupils; there we
i sung our Hyms of praise; there we implored
the assistance of our blessed mother, and
e there we found strength to combat our wills. cat
a Dear comupanions, maninny of you will have the
happiness again to enjoy this privelege ; but Bre
this dear hope is taken from me ; I must latte
leave this dear home and like the big stream rails
of a midnight river go on my way alone. Laf
U Gladly would I remain and continue to store
my mind with the inestimuable lessons and A
treasures of wisdom, but time is hasty I must Hot
a be resigned. fiee
Who is now to guide me in the struggles
of life? I hear a whisper ! practice the
a lessons you have learned: "Honor your Bric
father and mother." C
r Dear" parents, you have given me the Cha
t advantages which I now enjoy. Your anx
ious wish was to see me arrive at this point, -
surely every motive of love and gratitude 0
urges me to obey you. You have given me was
an education where the seed of obedience Brid
I and religion were planted. I hope you will
never find me defective Ml any respect I will
try to be your consolation so as to obtain the com
r promise made by our heavenly father to duti- was
ful children. cha
Loving companions I must bid you farewell.
Yes, I must leave your plays, songs and inno- Out
cent passtimes, but do not forget me in your offer
daily exercises, think of me, pray for me. TI
It will be gratifying to know I am not for- by tl
gotten by those privileged ones of dear Mount
i Carmel, but time hurries me on to say,adieu St
"My golden hours are gone." Strive J. K
dear companions to attend to your duties, L
improve hn some good every day of your life. Bios
Conscience now reminds me of many leisure
hours, which I threw away; hours which Ot
would be to me now more than gold and mitt,
pearls.paris
Boast not that you have so many years to
attend school, thou knowest not what a day way
may bring forth; but listen to a warning. to su
There is a great difference between the in- TP
nocent joys of school days and the vain on
pleasures of the foolish world. Cherish in
your heart a love for those kind sisters. Pa
You are still under their care. But for how Vanc
long? Old time will not break his wing, he Pa
is at the door now calling some of you, and Alph
perhaps he is showing you the gaieties of
the world, give no room to those shining
bubbles or glittering toys the thoughtless solve
and the gay persuade others to imitate their in th
example. O
Venerated pastor may you receive a crown
of glory that shall never fade, may this Sane meet
tuary of wisdom and pleasantness be long Lafa
under your care, and obtain the blessing of
joy and peace which remind us,
That spangled firmament.
Are glttering dust beneath the feet.
O0 thoai who dwell with God.
Happy hours, gentle yoke of obedience,
childhood and joys have rolled away with A
the stream. Oh! blessings once enjoyed, attel
but now gone forever, the bidding adieu to
this dear convent home, the kind sisters, and give
loving companions are all that is left me had
now. It is true I looked forward with sweet
anticipation to this hour. I thought of the
pleasures I would have, but not of the writ
solemn moment of separation from those
whose cheering words and unnumbered acts quits
of kindness have blessed my childhood. Of ft
Farewell! dear companions, I leave you. rivin
Dearest sisters I mast say a regretful......
Farewell ....ll. arewell .... . Farewel dear Toni
Convent home.
After the programme had been presented
then followed the distribution of 340 prizes. US W
For this pleasant duty Father Forge was couli
selected. Before presenting the prizes the in r.
reverend father made a short and appro- chap
priate address.
The only graduate was Miss Isaure Mc
Daniel, but each of the scholars received Mr.
some token by which to remember the good ner s
sisters who had labored so faithfully for
their advancement.
T The following medals were then delivered:
Graduating medal awarded to Miss Isaur e
McDaniel as a testimonial that she has com
a plated the prescribed course of studies in
ases English.
Gold medal for merit awarded toi Miss
L Josephine Anding, who has given general
satisfaction to her teacher during the session.
Gold .medal awarded to Miss Henrietta.
Thibodeaux, who has given general satisfac
the tion by her application to study.
God medal awarded for merit to Miss
the Lyda McKeon and Lena Kleb.
ctive A gold medal for good conduct awarded
to the young ladies of the boarding school
in- whose conduct has been uniformly satisfac
tory during the session. Competitors:
Misses Lydia Mathews, Celeste Thibodeaux,
de- Amelie Comenaux Rosalie Castex, Edna Et.
the ter, Della Broussard, Marie Broussard, IIen
rietta Thibodeaux, Laura Melancon.
ably Gold medal awarded to the boarders who
were present from the first Monday of the
opening Sept. s, 1892, to July s, 1893.
as A on by Miss Henrietta Thibodeaux.
, A GoRmedal awarded for good conduct to
the young ladies of the externa. Competi
b. E tors: Misses Leila Cornay, Marie Revillon,
eon, Lucy Revillon, Julie Revillon, Lea Montet,
Alida Campbell, Adrian Landry. I
First silver medal for good conduct.
teen Comipetititors among the boarders: Misses
Melanie Broussard, Ida Savoy, Rita Jean- a
lon, mard, Rosa Castex, Josephine Anding, Lena
ion, Kleb, Lyda McKeon, Anna I)ubernard. S
Co. Competitors among the young ladies of the a
%le- externa: Missses Alida Campbell, Mary Ab- t
hot, Emma Falk, Lucy Judice, Gabrielle
Guchereaux, Virginia lHebert, Rose Plonsky, d
red Fedora Pellerin, Louise Doucet, Lydia Mc
D)aniel, Philomene Judice.
en- Second silver medal for good conduct. o
an- Competitors among the boarders: Misses
pli- Cora Girouard, Emilia Breaux, Ena Pri
meaux. Competitors among the young la- p
dies of the externa: Miss Laura Plonsky,
Philomene Doucet, Suzan Bienvenue, Eu
phemie Guchereau, Edmonia Landry, Agnes
Trahan, Irma Mouton, Rose Mouton, Elodie
Landry, Clara Martin. Ii
g Third silver medal for good conduct. S
Competitors among the boarders: Misses
id astasia Broussard, Bella Judice, Simonia
wn ussard, Florence McKeon and Marie
ur- I)ubernard. Competitors among the exter
ags na: Misses Roberta D)uhart, Ida Villere, M
eir Celeste Lafond, Lucy Vigneaux, Emma
Ferg Vergel, Rosa cVergel, Clothilda Rigucs, A
ul tMabel Labe, Alice Abbott, Amy Martin, A
cr- Henrietta Landry, Alice Ledet.
un On Monday the exercises for the boy's de- A
:y. partment were held. There are 5o boys at- A
te tending the school. The programme was
in most pleasingly performed, and elicited Ju
ed much favorable comment from the fact of
ys having been so well carried ,out. All the Jo
Ur boys received some reward at the hands of
the good sisters. The following is the pro- Ju
,y gramme: To
'Y "The Deaf Old Uncle," (English piece.)
ve Uncle Sharper ............ .................J HIannen
th Paul Sharper (nephews) ...J Tierney.
e Robert Sharper ......R Tierney.. Se
)e 1Fg :i.
id "Bayard Mourant," (French piece.)
Af Bayard ..................... ......1' Gerac.
I)'Altegre, (compagnon dl'armcs).. G. Bonin. O
at Jacques, ('naitre l'hotel.) .........L. Gladu.
Id Le Connetable de Bourbon...... R Cme.ax.
at Un Soldat..... . .......R Pelleri.. - ,,
ly Address in English by Robert Tierney. Set
Farewell Song. Oct
Gold medal awarded to Picrre Gerac for Oct
e penmanship. Oct
g Gold medal awarded to R.aoul Pellerin for 1S
good conduct. Fet
n Medals of good conduct were awarded to M,.
k the foll.wing pupils: Ma
It st Division-Pierre Gerac, Andre Prud- Jun
e homme, Jean 3aquet, Eii F'oreman, Gilbert Jun
Bonin, Rene Co-ncaux.
S 2d1 Divi.i,'n-Siny Corneat, Nicholas
Helert, Raphael Thomplso;;, Galbert Patin,
Sidney Patin.
e The School will reopen Monday, Sep
e tember 4, tcs93.
I Railroad IMeeting.
A delegation of the Business Men's Asso- Liii
ciation of Lafayette met the citizens of
Breaua Irid;e on the 4th of July, at t: ejn
t latter place, for the purpose of organizing cot
railroad company to build a road betwetn "Ca
Lafayette and Breaux Bridge. ing
I After a sumptuous repast at Bourdier's
t Hotel, the delegation was escorted to the of
fice of Dr. F. R. Martin where the meeting
was called to order by the mayor of Breaux tha
Bridge, the lion. Charles Delhommer. true
On motion of Mr. C. O. Mouton, Mr.
Chas. Delhommer was elected chairman and
Mr. Preston L. Guilbeau secretary. shi1
On motion of Dr. N. P. Moss, the company age
was called the "Lafayette and Breaux Z
Bridge Railroad Company." the
On motion of Preston L. Guilbeau, a the
committee of six, three from each parish,
was appointed by the chair to frame ation
charter and for the further object cf finding dre:
out what inducements the two towns would T
offer for the building of this road. shoe
The following gentlemen were appointed den
by the chair.
St. Martin Parish-Preston L. Guilbeau, riag
J. K. Melancon, Dr. F. R. Martin. prem
Lafayette Parish-Crow Girard, T. M. soIe
Biossat, Dr. N. P. Moss- the
On motion of Dr. F. R. Martin, a com. eac
mittee of six, composed of three from each
parish was. appointed to obtain the right of besE
way and to secure the services of engineers well
to survey the line, ures
The following gentlemen were appointed part
on this committee.' shot
Parish of Lafayette-C. O. Mouton, H.
VanderCruyssen, Julian Mouton. not
Parish of St. Martin-Chas. S. Babin, Jr., righ
Alph. J. Guilbeau, A. F. Domengenux. It
On motion of J. K. Melancon it was re- neec
solved that these proceedings be published cept
in the papers of the two parishes.
On motion of A. F. Domengeaux the d
meeting was adjourned to meet again in iS l
Lafayette on the iz instant at 1o a. m. WorC
PKRESTON L. GUILBEAU, H
Secretary. thos
Sunday School Plc-nlc. cont
A representative of The Gazette one
attended a very pleasant picnic man
given by three Sunday schools, who ful i
had joined forces for the occasion, that
The Bethel School of which the and
writer was a member, left Duson at In
quite an early hour for the scene sona
of festivities on Indian Bayou. Ar- to re
riving there we were met by Mr. were
Tom Spell, the Superintendent of origil
the Kimble Sunday School, greeted com]
us with mostbrotherly courtesy that wom;
could be shown. We were all soon embl
in ranks, and merched into the begir
chapel headed by our superinten- half:
dent Last Hoffpauir, followed by other
Mr. WV. B. Clark, carrying the ban- wife
ner with Misses Eula Hoffpauir and sover
ly for iMyrtle Clark holding the streamers.
We then occupied seats, and a few mo
gered:
saur e ments thereafter the superintendent
com- called the assembly to order, and
-es in a t opening song, chosen for the oc
Miss casion, was rendered by a fine cho
nral rus of voices. Next came the open
Irietta ing address by Mr. Ben. Avant,
tisfac- which was followed by addresses in
Miss succession by members of class z,
ardet Mrs. India Clark, teacher; class 2,
chool Mrs. John Trahan, teacher; class 3,
isfac. the speakers being all young ladies,
eaux, and class 4 being young men. The
Et. addresses were indeed very good.
A recess till noon was then taken,
and upon re-assembling our minis
1893. ter in a few appropriate words gave
at to thanks to all and we then partook of
peti- a fine feast. After dinner we had
111, the pleasure of meeting some old
friends from Rayne.
ines The young folks, romped, sang,
rean- and had a most pleasant time. In i
card, a word the picnic was a most enjoy
Sthe able one and every body expressed S
Ab- themselves well pleased with the
sky, day's frolic, and the hope is gener- v
tt- al that we will soon have another s
net. one. BELMONT. e
isses t
Pri- High School Funds.
la- To the President and Afembe'rs of the Lafa
ky, yette l/ig School .lsrociation.
Eu Gentlemen-Herewith please find state- o
;n ment showing total receipts and expense to P
date. / St
189t. CR.
Sept. 16. Police Jury appr'n ........ S oo on
m Sept. z6. City Cotuncil appr'n ....... 00oo 00
9rie Oct. s6. Laf. Educutional Ass'n.. 123 o$
1892.
r- Sept. 6. Dr. Leon's show ............ 46 oo00
e, Mch. 13. City Council 2d appr'n.. 250 oo
ma Mch. 53. Police Jury 2d appr'n.... a50 00
s, Aprl. . Ball, F. C. Trisy ........... 16 oo
t Apr!. to. Black Diamonds, W. E.
dc- Bow en ......................................... o3 6o
Aprl. Io. Raffle lBaby Ruth .......... 17 00
at- AprI. 24. Little Diamonds, R. C.
Ras G reig .......................... ............ 00
ted June 9. Ye Old Folks, T. M.
Biossat .... ......... ........ ......... 6 So
June 13. L. & 0. Ass'n, A J Mioss 1a 6o
the June 13. Lafayette Educational
of Ass'n, E. G. Voorhies ............... 139 30
ro- June 24. l.afayette Educational
Ass'n, E. G. Voorhies ................ 16oo u
Total private Subscripti'n .ii......... 589 oo th
trt
en $2a,734 25 tr<
:y. 1891 Da. On
ry. Sept. I.ot donated by TB Hop
kins, estimated at ....................... 300 00 to
Sept. z6. Paid Dr. Hopkins, for I
adjoiningt lot ...oo .... ................... 200 00
c. Oct. 54. C. H. M toij ................... So 00 th
in. 5892 G<
u. Aprl. 22. Contractor, 1st paym't. 441 66 sy:
n. July 23. a" i '- 441 66 c
SAug. 30. 3 "d " 441 66'
Sept. . B. Falk ....................5 no
Oct. 6. H. D. Guidre, Recorder 6 00 bh
or Oct. 29. W. B. Bailey ................ a 50
Oct. 29. Oneziu e Mouton ......... 5 00oo
or $893
Feb. 21. Contractor ...................... 134 75 sri
to Mch 27. Vagoner (as per order) 4 15
May 29. E. H. Vordenbaumen.... 340 31
1_ June 20. Bennett Lilly (hauling).... 7 50
r June to. Cotitracto ................... 5 5
-s * a,595 7$ Par
n, July t, cash on hand, 9438 5S.
Very respectfully, at a
P CHAS. O. Mourno:J,
Secretary and Treasurer. y b
A stranger beating his way on the '
blind baggage car Wednesday,
Sjumped off before the train had
come to a stop, fell and sustained a
scalp wound, but fortunately noth
ing serious. Jul
Marriage.
Unfortunately there are many
x that do not fully understand the
true meaning of the noble word sTA
d'marriage," who embark upon the
ship of matrimony to make the voy- Stem
y age upon life's troublous waters. saes
a They enter the state oblivious of {u
the future, and thinking alone of s'
a the present, as the mere gratifica- bad,
tion of a whim, and realization of a on
dream of their own importance. heta.
1 They do not seem to realize that °
shorn of all the little romantic inci- boa'
dents that lead to the event, mar
riage is simply and purely a su
premne contract, a partnership, a
solemn agreement made one with
the other, to uphold and sustain n
each through all the vicissitudes that
beset even the most fortunate; as
well as to share equally what pleas
ures may fall to their: lot. Being a
partnership, the man and wife srAI
should have equal rights, one should
not .attempt or think it his or her ARe,
right to "lord it" over the other. Mar,
In the broad arena of life we all
need to exercise that delicate per
ception of the proper thing to say Ste.
or do at the proper moment, which
is included and expressed in the
word tact.
How much more then should h
those two, who are almost in hourly isian.
contact, which so much to endure, b.t,,
one from the other of every day hu- Pr P?
man faults-how much more need- Trr
ful is it that they should cultivate
that gentle consideration in speech
and act, one to the other.
In marriage it is not just or rea
sonable that either should be forced
to resign the rights with which they
were invested by the Creafor, in his
original design of a happy, helpful
companionship between man and
woman. As the wedding ring, the
emblem of united lives, is without
beginning and without end, each J.
half merging imperceptibly into the exclu
other half, so should husband and faCto
wife merge into the one perfect on!y
sovereignty for the home, none be- south
mers. ing able to perceive where the au
w mo thority of one commences or ends.
ndent And yet to the lbgical mind, each
and is the head although in totally dif
c oc- ferent sphleres of duty.
cho- Man, to be the good husband,
spen- should be the representative of dig
vant, nity, protection and wisdom; the
es in sustainer of the wife, her supreme
;s , comfort and her best friend.
ss 2, Woman, should be tender in sym
ss 3, party, generous in love, and clinging
dies, in misfortune: while, both should
The be patient in error and faithful
Dod. through all circumstances.
ken, Thus each performing the duty
inis- assigned helps to make a happy and
harmonious marriage.
;ave An occasional self sacrifice not
k of openly paraded will go far towards
had accomplishing that end. A loving
old and encouraging word spoken at
the proper moment is an incentive.
Some mnen avail themselves of
ing, every opportunity to belittle or of
In fend their wives ; not through any
ioy- desire to be mean or malicious, but
sed simply because they do not know
the the extent of the wounds their words
inflict, or perhaps they wish to ad
ter- vertise to the world, that they are
her supreme, they are not "hen-peck
ed," preferring to become brutes
than have that slur cast at them.
If men and women would only
fa- give a moment's thought, they. would
ate- often leave unsaid many words that
to pave the way for heart-pains, that
sometimes fails to heal.
"Something, light as air-a look,
00 A word unkind or wrongly taken
00 Oh ! Love, that tempests never shook,
05 A breath, a touch like this hath shaken.
And, reader, words will soon rush in
00 To spread the breach that words begin ;
00 And eyes forget the gentle ray
00 They wore in Courtship's smiling day ;
00 And voices lose the tone that shed
A tenderness round all they said ;
6o Till fast declining, one by one,
00 The sweetnesses of Love are gone,
Andi hearts, so lately mingled, seem
00 Like broken clouds--or like the strearr,
That smiling left the mountains brow,
So[ As tuoagh! its waters ne'er could sever,
6o Yet, ere it reach the plain below,
Lireaks into Floods, that part forever."
30 An unbridled tongue, born of an
oo uncontrolled temper, is the master,
oo the creator of all causes that des
troy happiness, and the peace t f
25 ne's married life.
To those men who prefer a slave
ooito a wife, marriage must necessarily
Sprove a failure. To them who wish an
the truest and dearest friend that PI
God can provide, a counsellor, a FI
sympathizer, a helpmate (and they pC
6can find her in a properly treated
Do wire) a wedded life will prove a
on blessing and success. D. FI
50
no COVrS7'ABLE SALZA.
75 STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA- CC
5 Y ETIT--NO. g6
so JUSTICE'S COURT-SIXTHI WARD. LO
In compliance with the requirements of
Parish Stock Law, I will offer for sale on
Saturday, July 8, 1893,
at my office at Carencro, La.,
TWVO (2) OXEN,
by me taken up; said to belong to one E.
e I. Brown, Crowley, La., with the usual
damage and coats. SIMOnaET I3SAUX,
Constable 6th Justice Court.
d
a FOR SALE
Two Lots adjoining the property of
Julian Mouton. Will be sold on easy terms.
Apply to The Gazette.
6-24
Sheriff's Sale.
3 STATE OF LOUISIANA-PARISH OF LAFA.
YETTE..
Stewart Bros b Co. vs. P. E. Couvillon.
y virdtle of a writs of selzure and stale s
sued from the Honorable judge of the s7th
f Judicial )istrict Court and for said Parish. State of
Louisiana. in the above entitled and usambered
f causesr and to me directed. I have seized and will
offer for sale, at public aution. to the last highest
bidder, at the residence of dfecndant, herein men
tinned, in the parish of Lafayette. State of Louisiana.
Saturday, July 8th, 1893
hetween the legal sale hours, the following described
property, to-wit;
Fifteen acres of land in Lafayette parish being
bounded north by Dieter Couvillon. south by public
road. cest by Jean Guilbeau, and west by Valery
Guilbeau. together with all the buildings and im-A
provemetst thereon; also. oune stenam cottot and
grist mill: also,
A plantation situated in saId parish and state con
taining forty-five arents. more or less . and bounded
as ifollows: on the north bvy Dr. rousard. south by
Clophas Dz.. east by H. .. ToEl. o. . Uireaua.
and Armarr L. Guilbeu. and on the west by Dor
sille Broussard. together with all the buildings and
i improvements thereon situated.
Also. a stock of goods and fGrchardlswe, hooks, etc.
Termts; casth.
ISAAC A. HROUSSARD.
Sheriff. Lafayette Parish.
Sheriff's Sale.
STATg OF LOUISIANA--PARISH OF AFA
VETTE. F
mnericn N2atin,,al iRr ta s. P. E. Cou
Marlinez 6- Roas vs. P. E. Couvillons.-- Cyp
No. JA3y.
I. S. West Co. vs. P. r. Couisthoa.
Stesuart Bros. 6- Co. c's. F. A. Cour'illrn.
cBy virue of writse of the fi a cis and of selizur and
.e issuer frem the lonorable Judg o the .7th
judicial Distrlct C.'ourt, in and for said Parish. State
of Liousisina. in the sbove entitled and numbered Mec
causes, and to nxe directed. I have seited nnd will
offer for sale. at public auction, to the last and
highcst bidder, at the rsidrence of defnedant, herein
mentioned, in the parish of Lafayette. State of Lou
isiana. on
Saturday, July 8th, 1893,
betweeu the legal sale hours, the following discribed
property, to-wit:
A lot ol Dry Goods. Groceries Hardware. etc.. etc.
Terme--Cash.
Ii.&AC A. itROUSSARI,.
Sheriff. Lafayette Parish.
CRYSTAL LENSES
Quallty int m1 Lwas.
M
J. E. TRAHAN, Druggist, has
exclusive sale of these Celebrated
Glasaes in Lafayette, La, from the I
factory of Ke!!am & MIoore the
only complete optical plant in the
south, Atlanta, Ga
au
ends.
each
dif- SODA-WATER
MVIEN
and, 1'P.R FECTLY
dig
the P
:eme IS
A
jym
ging)S'
ulealthful
hj, 3 R:\ERKA(;IE.
luty IT
and I
not PURE.
Lrds
*ing COLD
at AND
wVe.
of DELICIOUS,
of- AS
AS
any
but SERVED
low
rds AT
ad- THE
are
te MOSS PHARMACY.
raly
uld
sat
lat
T. M. BIOSSAT
en. keeps constantly on hand a fine line of
N Watches,
Clocks,
Diamonds,
/ Jewelry,
Silverware.
ySMITH & WSESSON,
h and COLT'S
it PISTOLS;
a FINE LINE
a POCKET KNIVES; WILL
TABLE CI U'TLERV, d
FINE LAMPS, Etc. POi ONLy py
Special Attention Paid to the Repairing of Fine aid
Complicated Watches
J~bOrders by snmail or express carefully filled.
LOCK BOX 137. T. M. BIO88AT, Lafayette, La
Miss Louise Revillon
Solicits aisit to
A FULL ASSORTMENT
OF FINE GOODS IN
THE LATEST STYLES
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON
- LU/.IMB R t--
AT WHOLESALE and RETaIL
OFFICE AND YARD NEAR RAILROAD DEPOT
LAFAYETTE, LOUISIANA.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles, Doors, Sash,
Blndi, Mouldings, Etc.
Pittsburg Coal, Firewood,
McCormnick iHarvestcr, Binders and Mower. Eagle plows, Walking
and(l Riding Cultivators, Lotton and Corn planters, Hay Rakes and
S:alk Cut.crs, Ltc.
Wagons, Cisterns.
IMrs. John O. Mouton,
NEW AND SEASONABLE
MILLINERY GOODS,
SUCH AS
Hats, Feathers, Silks, Embroideries, Etc.
also, Ladles' and Children's Shoes.