ANOTHEI SCOOP. FOR THE
UTIi! !! GBIG FIRM.
THE LONGEST POLE Reaches the Persimmon. Ready Cash
Here is an Interesting little story in a very
is the Le.ver Which Moves the World. few Words:
Lazst jo-acth the Ely-Walker Dry Goods Co., of St. Louis, Mo., one of-the largest dry goods jobbers in the West, were badly damaged by fire. ThefInsurance
Co.m1-'n.es took possession of the entire stqgk (amounting to about $1,000,000 worth). Great quantities of these goods were damaged. Vast quantities were not injured
one 0article But the entire stock was placed on sale May 4, 5, 6, 7, 8. Not a day could this gigantic sale be delayed; and the firm with the ready cash dictated their own
ter s. Our Mr. S. P. Mistrot, of Galveston, and our Mr. A. J. Wagner, of New York, were on the spot, and with combined efforts secured some extraordinary bargains.
When the daily papers announced on May 5, that $125,000 worth was sold on the day before, and that Mistrot Bros. & Co. of Galveston, were the largest buyers, every
body knew what it maeant.
"I M.'ANS THAT WE "GOT IN ON THE FIRST FLOOR". IT MEANS THAT WE "DANCED IN THE FIRST SET." IT MEANS THAT WE GOT GOODS
THAT WERE NOT DAMAGED, AT BADLEY DAMAGED PRICES.
When sale of the entire stock had been effected, it was found that Mistrot Bros. & Co. were the second largest buyers, of the entire sale. Carloads after car
loads of t.es~ goods have been coming into Galveston for the past ten days. We are now placing these goods on sale. Consumers are now given an opportunity which is
pie-3'ted bnt once in a life time. Dress goods, Domestics, Sheetings, White goods, etc., are being sold at half the prices it cost to make them. Get on the train and
conio to Ne :r Iberia and get $10 worth for $2.50.
Yea will save enough on a $5.00 purchase to pay fare both ways and save
money besides.
Some of these goods aro slightly damaged by water, as they were in that part of the Ely-Walker building where the fire originated. Others areonly slightly
soiled, but otherwise perfect, as they were stored in that part of the building which the fire did not reach. The latter goods we have cut off the outside folds and we will
warrant to be as fresh and clean as any goods in our stocks. In addition to
HESE MIRACULOUS VALU Our stock is replete in every line.
THE E I RACULOU VALUES Every Department has its Novelties.
Every counter has swarms of anxious purchasers waitng to be served. We got into our Big Store just in time to accommodate this immense stock. Of our
6,000 square feet of floor space, not a surplus foot of space remains unoccupied. Why not come where you have a $50,000 stock to select from 9 In addition we save you
from 50cts. to 75cts. on every dollar's worth you buy.
S". Will give you some Prices next week.
MISTROT BRS.& O. NEW IBERIA, LA.,
THE GAZETTE.
Subscription Price, : $i Per Year
So. Pac. Schedule.
EAST BOUND.
No. 19, Arri's 2:46 a. m., L'ves 2:56 a. nm.
No. 17, " 12:20 p. m., 12:45 P. m.
WEST BOUND.
No. 2o. Arri's 1.41 a. in. L'ves 2:41 a. m.
No. 8, "' 3:5 p. m. " 3:35 P- m.
Al EXANDRIA BRANCH.
East bound, No. 73, Arrives x2:ro p. m.
West bound, No. 72, Leaves 3:40 p. m.
AT NEW ORLEANS.
Arrives. Leaves.
No. 19 8:2o a. m. Ao. 20 8:20 p. m.
No. 17 6:40 p. mn. No. 8 9:00oo a. m.
Methodist Church Service.
Preaching at Lafayette on the Ist, 2nd
and 4th Sabbaths, at I1 a. m. and 7 p. m.
At Rayne on the 3rd and 5th Sabbaths at
1i o'clock and at night.
I. I. Reams, Pastor.
L. Deleglise of Carencro was in
Lafayette Thursday.
Albert Robichaux returned from
Houston, Tex., last Tuesday.
Mrs. Alfred Voorhies and daugh
ter, Mrs. J. J. Louaillier, visited
St. Martinville this week.
Mr. and Mrs. Felix Landry left
last Wednesday for New Orleans.
Ed Miller and Ed Prudhomme ar
rived in Lafayette last Wednesday
from Morgan City.
Miss Mimic Cayret left Monday
to spend a couple of months at her
home near Scott.
Judge C. Debaillon and Wm.
Campbell, Esq., went to Lake
Charles Monday.
There is nothing more refreshing
than a glass of Hire's root beer
served at the Moss Parmacy soda
fountain.
Profs. A. L. Smith and R. E.
Cunningham are registered at the
Cottage Hotel.
Call and see Mouton & Hopkins'
large assortment of organdies, lawns,
etc. They have just received a
second large order.
Miss Bessie Cunningham of
Rayne is attending the Summer
.Normal. Miss Cunningham is the
guest of Dr. Tolson's family.
Judge Julian Mouton has been
holding court at Alexandria.
Mrs. T. M. Blake and little son,
Jimmie, returned this week from a
visit to relatives in 'Avoyelles
parish.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles M. Parker
son returned from New Orleans
Tuesday after a visit of several days
in that city.
Miss Sarah Brown of Carencro
was in Lafayette Thursday. She
was the guest of Miss Mercedes
Broussard.
Ice cream freezers of evety des
cription are on sale at lowest
prices, at Moss Bros. & Co's.
Judge Debaillon has rendered his
decision in the celebrated horn
case. The judgment allows Mr.
Elliott the damages sued for.
Mrs.- Edward Mouton has re
moved from her plantation to
town and has opened a private
boarding house in the Orleans Hotel
building.
Hon. Thos. H. Lewis passed
through Lafayette Thursday on his
way to attend to some legal busi
ness at Crowley.
L. P. Serrett, day operator at the
Southern Pacific depot, left Tues
day for Algiers to fill the office of
dispatcher. During his absence he
is replaced by Alex Vanderdoes.
and E. W. Chase has taken the
place of the latter as night operator.
Dorestan Fruge who is charged
with the stealing of Mr. Roger's
horse, was released on bail this
week. Fruge returned to his home
in St. Landry.
Nearly all the stores in the town
are closed at 7 o'clock in the
evening, an agreement to that effect
having been arrived at by the mer
chants. At first a few kicked and
refused to close, but we are in
formed that the recalcitrant ones
have fallen into line and the 7 o'clock
rule will be observed during the
summer months.
A large crowd is expected on the
excursion to-morrow. There will
be several places where the excur
sionists may spend the day. They
may go to the convent grounds, the
Oak Avenue Park, the Surry Park
and Falk's Hall.
Mr. Felix Demande is repairing
the front of his store.
IN A PEW LINES
The Gazette Correspondent
Tersely Tells the News at
Ridge.
Dr. M. L. Lyons is on the sick
list.
Dr. A. D. Breaux took a trip to
Rayne Monday.
Augustus Perry was A recent
visitor to Rayne.
Malachi Perry will soon be en
joying roasting ears.
Miss Eseau Breaux is visiting
relatives in Lafayette.
Favorable weather for the crops
during the past week.
Mrs. Hampton Morgan visited
her mother, Mrs. Wagner, Tuesday.
A wedding will soon be pulled off
among Ridge's ,"upper ten."
Work will begin on Dr. A. O.
Clark's new residence. It will be a
handsome, two story building.
Some uninvited persons entered
the residence of Mr. Sol. Morgan a
few nights ago, ransacked things in
general but did not take anything
worthy of note.
A number of young ladies went
black-berrying a few days ago, but
when they arrived at the berry
patch they were very much dis
appointed on finding out that they
could not get any, and all returned
home with sad faces.
There was a Sunday school pic
nic at Indian Bayou Church last
Sunday and all that attended had a
most enjoyable time. O. C. P.
Do not forget that a very inter
esting game of ball will be played
to-morrow evening at Oak Avenue
Park between the Dixies and a club
from Washington.
CHEAP EXCUiSION
To Galveston, Tex., and return,
July 19, 1897, given by the Cres
cent Excursion Club.
Leaves New Orleans (Southern
Pacific depot) Monday, July 19,
1897, 8:25 a. m.
Returning leaves Galveston, Tex.,
Saturday, 24, 1897, 7:30 a. m.
Train will stop at Gretna, Schriever,
Morgan City, Franklin, New Iberia,
Lafayette and Houston, going and
returning.
Fare (round trip) from New Or
leans, Schriever, Morgan City,
Franklin, $Io.oo; from New Iberia,
$8.oo; from Latayette, $7.00.
For further particulars address
Victor Gruber, President, Dau
phine and Conti Streets, or Martin
Ernst, Secretary, 207 Baronne
Street, New Orleans, La.
Necrological.
SCOTT, La., June 2.-There died
near this place on the 28th of May
a lady whose death has deprived a
grief-stricken husband of a dutiful
wife and five children of a devoted
and kind mother. Mrs. Adam
Domingue, born Philomene Mou±
ton and aged 27 years, died after a
long and painful illness. All the
aid that medicine could give and
every comfort that loving hands
could offer did not prolong her stay
on earth, but alleviated the agony
that always precedes death. De
ceased was a woman of a most
lovable nature, which, strengthened
by a solid religious faith and firm
ness of character, made her the
ideal wife and mother. She died,
as she had lived, a devout member
of the Catholic church and when
the inexorable summons came she
was ready to meet her Maker. Her
funeral at Carencro was largely at
tended, a vast concourse of people
following her remains to their last
resting place. A FRIEND.
The layman never ceases to
wonder at the dull, flat, stale and
unprofitable items of news that are
being constantly gathered and put
on the wires by the agents of the
Associated Press. In instances
where some prominent or wealthy
individual is concerned the explana
tion is easy-the agent is paid a
douceur to set the stupid item ago
ing, and the press and readers of
the country are' the victims. But
it is impossible to conceive what
motive could have prompted the
telegram from Washington announc
ing the death at Capetown of the one
year-old child of the postmaster
general of the Transvaal Republic.
Yet if the reader is astonished at
such dispatch he would be shocked
to know the number that are "killed"
by the telegraph editor.- Daily
State.
At the last meeting of the Baton
Rouge city council the following
ordinance was adopted:
"Be it ordained by the mayor and
city council of Baton Rouge, That
all traveling agents offering any
species of merchand;se at retail
within the limits of the city of
Baton Rouge for sale, or selling the
same by sample or otherwise, shall,
if representing one house, firm or
business, pay a licence of $5o per
annum; and for each additional
house, firm or business, he shall
pay an extra license of $25-.
"Be it further ordained, That the
administrator of finance be and he
is hereby authorized to collect said
license, and on the refusal of any
traveling agent to pay the license
as provided in this ordinance, to
seize without notice, any property
he may find belonging to said tra
veling agent, or found in his pos
session, and sell the same to satisfy
the license, penalty and cost of
such procedure."
Commenting on the ordinance
the St. Landry Clarion says:
"'Such an ordinance should be on
the statute book of every town. It
is grossly unjust to require a local
merchant, owning property and hav
ing at heart the welfare of the
town, to pay a license to sell, for
instance, clothing, when Mr. Some
body & Co., of New Orleans, can
come hete and sell the very same
goods that the local man pays a
license to sell, without having to
contribute a cent to the town treas
ury. And still more so it is v hen
the firm selling goods at retail is
located in another State, in which
case it pays neither municipal, par
ish or State licenses.
"'We trust that our city fathers
will deem it proper to follow the
example set by Baton Rouge and
afford the local merchant some
protection."
Attorney General M. J. Cunning
ham passed through Lafayette
Thursday.
After an uninterrupted service of
fifteen years in the postal depart
ment of the government, Mr. F. A.
McClung has tendered his resigna
tion. Mr. McClung's last work
was done as postal clerk between
this place and Alexandria and for
the past few months he visited this
town every day. Mr. McClung
retires from Uncle Sam's employ
with the satisfaction which is the
reward of an efficient and faithful
performance of duty. He left
here Monday to join his family at
San Antonio where he will live in
the future. The Gazette joins Mr.
McC!ung's friends in wishing him
the prosperity which he so richly
deserves.
City Council Proceedings.
(Special Meeting.)
LAFAYETTE, La., May 24, 1697.-The
Council met this evening in special session
with the following members pesent: Mayor
Caffery, Ducote, L.eBlanc, Falk, Biossat.
Absent: Trahan, O. C. Mouton and Leo
Douce t.
The mayor stated as the commissions
had been received by the newly elected
Council, this meeting has called for the
closing of the out-going Council's business.
The following accounts were approved:
Lafayette Gazette, 4th quarter print'g $18 75
Baxter Clegg, clerk election May 3... 3 oo
C. D. Caffery, salary mayor 6 mos.
ending May Ig, 1897 .............. 75 00
I. A. Broussard, officer election . ... 5 00
Feeding prisoners............................... 4 So
Secretary authorized to issue Moss &
Mouton warrant when money in treasury to
cover.
The mayor then said:
Before declaring the meeting adjourned it
is well to note that the term of office of
members of this Council will soon come to
an end; in a few words I desire to point out
that you have discharged the duties incum
bent upon you in your official capacity faith
fully and well. You have given valuable
services to the public and you have received
nothing in return in the way of salary, but I
am sure you must have the approval of your
own consciences, and all fair-minded men
will admit that you have served the public
interest and none other.
There being no further business the
Council adjourned.
C. I). CAFFERY, Mayor.
B. CLEGG, Secretary.
Notice i
Notice is hereby given that I have com
pleted the listing of assessable property of
Lafayette perish and said lists are now on
file in my office in the court-hosse, subject
for public inspection for a period of zo days
front date. A. NM. MARTIN,
Assessor Lafayette Parish.
June 5, 1897.