LAAY ITE GAZE
S" - LAFIAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, DECEMBER Z3, 1IT. NUMBER 42'::.
Sj Jtwo-e is said.
S" - .bee t the sheet;
S- -. teShroward rowst,
S- et outhts truhpet sweet,
, "ý . -tom _" w., "ad blows, and blows.
' ~. ss- et s in my chamber herse,
uth-lan ho r inh ea trtee
Sr~ mohe Jsays Ineed hot tear
They toll do auaght t me.t
For. far abovethe wind, the darkd
-- ts.o . , s hoi •"a se the t all
hase , the Sta e like a rred sprk,
green boghe bythe Walt
hsemoth er with oer lamp comes in;
,bedark goes out the door;
The arbleoleg throw shauows this
Aeoesn the ehamber foor.
The wlnd fromyout the orchard slips;
t rhnt the house hepe;.
U N~sets his trumpet to his hips.
hy- hAblows, and blows, and blows.
~-isete W. Reese, in N. Y. Independent.
J
ISS WIifL ETI
MINA PARKS
and her father
were staying
in London. 1
They had been
in Paris for n
some time, too, I
partly because
"b kthey were
from Boston, but mainly because Wil- a
helmina had made there some special t
pqrchases for her new adventure.
She proposed to sail for Christiania 1
from Hull, in the middle of the month, r
and already the papers had interviewed i
her, and "Miss Wilhelmina Perks, the
- Female Franklin-by One Who Knows
ber," appeared in nearly every paper
that you picked up.
They had all been to Lord's, and Dr.
Fraser and his cousin, Mrs. Walder
share, had been brought eack to dinner
at the hoteL
"Well," said Miss Wilhelmina,
"'tain't no use talking, you know. My
mind's set on this trip, and I'm going
to do it."
"I know, my girl," said old Mr.
Perks-"I know. You wouldn't be a
Perks if you was to give way now and
go back on your reputation."
'And I'll just go and make a name
for myself and then I'll come right
back, and-"she glancedat Dr. lFraser
"and then we'll be happy."
Young Dr. Fraser pressed the young
lady's foot affectionately beneath the
table, and little Mtrs. Waldershare
smiled.
"I wish you were all coming with
me," she went on. "Ain't it just pleas
ant now even to talk of floes of ice and
miles-of untracked snow, and-and so r'
on."e " tt
"Did you say the boat was ready,
Meener?" asked her father. h
"As near ready as doesn't matter." h
answered Wilhelmina. "The men are
engaged, the stores are purchased, and
when I get to Christiania I shall only
have a fortnight's work to do. And in
two or three years, you know, I shall q
be through." She looked at her sweet- n
heart with her eyes bright, with en- (
thusiasm. "Say, Frank, we'll be mar- cl
tied at the Abbey, i the trick comes off. e
All the time young Dr. Fraser looked st
thoughtfully out of the window. tc
"If you won't say another word about
It," he remarked. "If you'll just let "
me say this:" H
"Go on, dear," said Miss Perks. She '
and Mrs. Waldershare rose as she
spoke, and the men rose, too.
"That. I'd give everything, every- se
thing that I possess in the world," said
Frase., still looking hard out of the
window, "if it would only induce you at
to give it up." ex
She came to him. m
"My dear boy," she said, "that can't w
be; but you're just the sweetest fellow Nd
to say so. and-and I shall think of you "t
dreadfully." th
Mrs. Waldershare had scribbled fur- 4.
tively a note on the menu which she w
came back to show the young fellow. a
"Before I forget it, Frank," said the o'i
little woman, "is this the right way to be
spell compote aux fruits?" de
Under the item was her penciled se
messages sh
"Meet me in half an hour in the read- to
ing room." be
"Yes," said Dr. Fraser, "I think wd
that's right.' ea
" The two men had their smoke and fo
their coffee, and at the appointed time to
Freser threw away his cigar, and, if
leaving old Mr. Perks, went into the ai
reading room. lik
He found Mrs. Waldershare there, th
and for five minutes . their heads were co
very close -together. They talked ea
spiritedly and seemed to be arguing re
'with much good humor. vbi
Presently they changed their seats th
and sat behind a screen in the corner as
near the window. Then Mrs. Walder- ra
shiare gave a confidential message to dim
one of thi attendants. ph
Ina few minutes Wilhelmina entered dii
the room. She was a tall, striking girl, re]
and everybody looked up from the tit
evening papers as she came. T
"[a that corner, I think," said the l
tae, carefully; "I think I saw themgo Mi
there, jaust behind the screen, mis."
Mi. Wilhelmina walked across the mm
-1ssie, thickly-carpeted 'room to the tel
* disee indicated. The two familiar
tviues cage to her ear, and there was on
- Ait the vr4ce of the little widowsoun- - a
"ttS ssa ring that Wilhelnina "'
t kanotv,- Frtnk, how much N
,1- i6 ~jia,·" she heaxd Mrs. Walder.
She ewer. speaking very dia
'Youiiqa't ,know, eand uhtll ye
asneve guessed "I
ta ; aerhasns some it.
* icsa ;. but I can't "a
"Promd.e that as soon as this Amer
lSanQitl with whom you think you are
in Iowe-. "
"With whom I am in love."
"Very well, with whom you are in
loye, then. Promise ine that as 'oon
as she has gone on herpreposterous ex
pedition, you will give me leave to
speak again. I am no child in- these
matters, Frank."
"I can give you no promise of any
kind," answered Dr. Fraser, steadily.
"I can quite understand your posi
tion," the little widow went on. "It's
very hard on you. But when she comes
back, if she ever does come back, after,
say, three or four years, aged and
altered by this ridiculous exploring
business, she surely would not be sur
prised if she should find that you have
forgotten her."
"I shall never, never forget her," de
clared Frank.
"Attendez," said the little widow per
sistently. "I repeat that I know some
thing of these matters. We'll let her
go; let her get right away, and then
we'll talk over this matter again. If
I'm not mistaken you'll be of a different
opinion then."
"I beg you won't anticipate-"
"O, my dear one," cried the little
widow, with a catch 'n her voice,
"think again. She does not love you,
really, or she would never leave you
like this; risking her life and your affec
tion. "
S "Don't speak to me, please," prayed
.r Dr. Fraser; "don't speak to me. I am
g doing her a grievous wrong by listening
* to you."
n There was a sob from the little widow,
r and Dr. Fraser rose and put his chair
', back. She seized his hand.
e The tall figure "went quickly and
e noiselessly from the reading roa and
1- stood for a few moments in the en
il trance hall, thinking hard.
Dr. Fraser did not come out, and
a Wilhelmina went up the lift to her
I. room and, sitting down on a low chair,
d had the best cry she had had for years.
i The next afternoon two clerks were
• a>"
G' K
WILUELMIiYA i'AL'SED.
rending the paper as they waited for
the 'bus. I t
"Hlullo," said one, "here's a go. C
That Yankee girl isn't going to bring r
home the north pole after all."
"What's up, then?" asked the other. I
The first youth then read it out:
"Acting upon the doctor's advice,
Miss Wilhelmina Perks has relin- t
quished her intended expedition to the
north pole. Her boat and supplies I
(which were of the most complete
character) have been purchased by tel- a
egram by a Swedish explorer. It is
stated that the marriage of Miss Perks
to l)r. Fraser, one of the most success
ful young medicine men of the day,
will take place on an early date at =
Holy Trinity, Sloane street." - St.
James Gazette.
SURROUNDED BY A RAINBOW. r
Strange Optical Phenomenon on a Nor- I:
weglan Mountain Top. s
A correspondent at Christiania gives b
an account of a very curious phenom- p
enon witnessed from the top of Gausta 1.
mountain (height, six thousand Nor
wegian feet) in Telmarken, south of i
Norway. "We were a party," he says, i
"of two ladies and three gentlemen on ,
the summit of this mountain on August b
4. On .the morning of that day the sky e
was passably clear: at noon there was i
a th k fog. Between six and seven a
o'clo in the afternoon (the wind a
being south to southwest) the fog sud
denly cleared in places so that we could
see the surrounding country in sun- it
shine through the rifts. We mounted b
to the flagstaff in order to obtain a
better view of the scenery, and there fa
we at once observed in thejog, in an g
easterly direction, a doublW rainbow a
forming a complete circle and seeming n
to be twenty to thirty feet distant a
from us. In the middle of this we all .
appeared as black, erect and nearly o
life-size silhouettes. The outlines of n
the silhouettes were so sharp that we
could easily recognize the figures of a
each other, and every movement was *
reproduced. The head of each indi
vidual appeared to occupy the center of
Sthe circle, and each of us seemed to be
standing on the inner periphery of the r
rainbow. We estimated the inner ra
dits of the circle to be six feet. This g
phenomenon lasted several minutes, g
disappearing with the ftog bank, to be
reproduced in new fog three or four g
times, but each time more indistinctly.
The sunshine during the phenomenon I*
seemed to us to be unusually bright.
Mr. Kielland-Torkildsen, president of
the Telmurken Tourist club, writes to h
me that the builder of the hut on the
top of Gausta has twice seen spectacles
of this kind, but in each ease it was
only the outline of the mountain that li
was reflected on the fog. re had never
seen his own image, and he does not i
mention circular or other rainbows. "
Nature. _
amed Temourisl.
"Madam," said the tramp, "take back
yer.losf of bread. I 'etur' ltabrokea,"
"W'hat's the matter?'- "it bringa back
too many sad memoules. I can't teeh
ih" "Doeer it," she asked, *ently,
"sn a you . think- the f bread t nhur tio
m6tget to bale? "No'm. It [
thcL·~ k~ber dr t
A TRUTHFUL MAN.
e Wealda Not Romanee Even In Tenth
Hts Ltife' Srrows -
He wasn't a tramp, exactly, but he
was nearly one. He had struck the
merchant for one dollar and the mer
chant was rather interested in him.
"I don't see," he said "why you go
about asking for money or help. You
are an intelligent man and I should
think you could get something better
to do."
"I don't know about that," was the
despondent rejoinder. "The Lord
knows I tried hard enough to get
along before I lost my heart entirely."
"What do you do?"
"Well, a little of everything. I had
some money and thought I'd go to rais
ing rice in South Carolina and show
those people down there how to do it
right. I -knew it all, of course, and
one day a man came along selling a
new brand of rice. He was a nice
looking man from New York and I
liked his style. He liked my style, too,
he said, and would sell me the exclu
sive right to handle his stuff in South
Carolina. It was something new-a
seed that could not be exposed to the
light, but that would yield three times
as much as the old varieties. That was
what I was looking for and very quietly
I took it in, paying two hundred dol
lars for the right and four sealed cans
of seed. I did all the work at night,
and when it was finished I sat down to
wait and to chuckle over my enterprise.
But I waited and waited and nothing
came, and one day I looked into the old
cans and found I had been stuck with
some mean little wheat grains, and you
might as well try to raise icicles in the
bad place as to raise wheat in a South
Carolina rice swamp-"
"That was bad luck,"and the sympa
thizing merchant.
"So I thought, and I left the state
and went to raising cattle in western
Kansas. Hadn't more than got my
herd set out before a cyclone canme
along and blew every horn of it clear
over into the next county and when I
went after my stock a pious cowboy
who had gathered them with his own
informed me that they had been sent
to him by Providence and he'd like to
see any son of a gun try to take them
away. As he had a WVinchestdr and a
lot of friends with hin I didn't see my
way clear to interfering with the ways
of Providence and I left the country."
"It's pretty hard when Providence
goes against a man," ventured the mer-.
chant, kindly.
"Yes, but that isn't all," said the
disconsolate one. "With what little I
had left I went to Pennsylvania and
bought a water-power grist mill in the
mining regions. I fixed it up .vith new
machinery and for awhile it looked as
if my luck had changed and I was go
ing to come out on top at last. But
one night a big mine lying under the
stream that gave me my mill-power
caved in or sunk down just enough to
change the lay of the land and, by
gum! the water began to run the oth
er way, and when I got to the mill in
the - morning the water gates were
open and my mill machinery had been
running backwards until every blamed
wheel was busted and the whole she
bang was a wreck."
The man wiped a tear from his eye.
"Then it was," he went on, "that my
heart broke and I lay right down and
quit. Now. do you blame me for what
I am doing?"
The merchant gave him two dollars
and the man was in a police court the
next morning.-Detroit Free Press.
POVERTY IN INDIA.
It I. the Most Strikinp Fact in City and
Country.
Poverty is the most striking fact in
India. In the streets of the cities the
rich are rarer than in the streets of
East London. In the country the vil
lages consist of huts of almost uniform
smallness, and the fields are worked
by farmers, most of whom, are too
poor to do anything but scratch the
land.
In one city we went from house to
house among the poor. A common
friend gained us a welcome and we
were everywhere received with cour
tesy. One house which we visited was
entered directly from the street.
There was neither flooring, fireplace,
windows nor furniture. A few embers
were burning on the mud floor, on
which only is it lawful for a pious per
son to eat, and a few pots were stand
ing against the walls with, if I remem
ber rightly, one chest.0
It was a holiday morning, and the
family, which in India may include
grandfather, sons, daughters-in-law
and grandchildren, were gathered. The
men had slept in the open, warm air,
and had come in to be served by the
women with the morning meal of a few
ounces of grain and butter. They wore
no clothes, but rose to bow us their
welcome. After the usual courtesies,
and when we had told them about our
selves, the talk went thus:
"WVhat is your trade?" "Shoemakers."
'What can each worker earn?" "About
5 rupees (i. e., 7s. d.) a month." "W'hat
rent do you pay?" "Eight rupees (i. e.,
12s.) a month;" from which answer we
gathered that not even a paternal
government nor a system of land
nationalization can prevent the
growth of landlordism. The ground in
this case probably belonged to the
state and has been let to some indi
vidual at a yearly rent, subject to revi
sion after thirty years; but the land
had been- let and sublet till the rent
paid by the tenant far exceeded that
received by the government.
In another house, or rather shed,
lived a millhand and his family. He,
too, was preparing to enjoy a holiday
in "singing" and "seeing the lights,"
which on that night, in honor of the
new year, would be placed in every
window of the city. His earnings were
10 rupees (I. e. 15s.) a month, and his
rent 2 rupees (s.) a month. Out of the
margin,' that is, out of S8. a week, he
would havr to support a large famil;
and save enough to enable him to rt
turn and get land in his own villageL,-.
Fortnightly Review.
n,,.t
lPERSONAL AND LITERARY.
's -The pope has consented to act as
godfather to the king of Spain at his
1e approaching conMrmation and first
1e communion. Mgr. Cretoni, the nuncio
r- at Madrid, will represent the pope at
the ceremony, and will be the bearer
o of some very handsome presents.
d -Tolstoi, the Russian novelist, takes
r the ground that work makes man, as
well as the busy ant, cruel. It is, he
declares, the characteristic of crim
d inals; and to make a virtue of work
t such as Zola has attempted to do is as
monstrous as to make a virtue of the
act of feeding.
d -Henry 31. Stanley has made a col
lection of nineteen legends that were
related to him during his African
t travels, and they are to be published
d by the Scribners under the title: "My
a Dark Companions and Their Strange
Stories." Henry's stock of legends is
j said to be inexhaustible.
-, -Judge Barker, of the supreme ju
L. dicial court of Massachusetts, has sur
h prised- the lawyers not less than the
a newspaper men by issuing an order
e forbidding the newspapers to publish
a reports of a breach of promise of mar
I riage suit on trial before him, or to
i make comments thereon.
- -Dr. Frederick A. Cook, who was
a with the last Peary expedition, and has
just been doing some summer explora
tion in Greenland on his own account,
anticipates great results from Peary's
present journey. He thinks it will add
I many miles to the northern limit of ex
i ploration, and tlht it is quite possible
i the pole will be reached.
s -Louis Kossuth writes to a friend in
a Hungary: "I am weigheddown by the
burden of years, and my eyesight grows
- dim. I now see only outlines and not
details. I can not read, and when writ
a ing only guess at the characters which
1 I trace. Nevertheless, impeled by a
r sense ast duty, I completed :he third
a volume of my memoirs . few days ago."
r -Prof. Elliott Coues, of Washington,
I is in Montana gathering material for a
r new volume of the history of the ex
1 ploringexpedition of Lewis and Clarke.
t In the preparation of the four volumes
3 of the work already published he says
1 he has handled over three thousand
I manuscripts. He will go from Mon
r tana to Idaho to continue his investi
gations.
-The description of Zola's personal
appearance given by G. A. Sala is in
teresting, According to that keen and
unprejudiced observer, the French nov
elist is a "noticeable little man, with a
high forehead, rather a Thackerayan
nose, abundant black hair, black mus
tache and b" ard just trimmed with sil
ver. He is a marvelous conversation
alist, bright, alert, often eloquent, al
ways fascinating, occasionally para
doxical."
-Mrs. Ella Bentley, of the Donald
sonville (La.) Chief, strikes out thus:
"In close proximity to the south side
of the Children's building the glass
roof of Horticultural hall catches the
sun's rays and throws them back in a
thousand glittering facets. What a
touch of poetry the exposition manage
ment displayed when they grouped to
gether women, children and flowers,
an earthly trinity bestowed upon man
to reconcile him to the loss of para
dise. "
-Mrs. Campbell Wilson, a prosper
ous florist of Cleveland, O., started with
a cash capital of fifteen cents and an
indebtedness of something over one
hundred, dollars. By going out and so
liciting orders and personally deliver
ing the plants and flowers, she cleared
off the debt on her small establishment
in one season. In the fall she erected
a larger one at a cost of three hun
dred and fifty dollars. which she
cleared of debt by the sa me means in
two years. Her business rules are as
follows: "Advertise thoroughly. Carry
the'best stock. Sell at small profits.
Improve every opportunity to increase
trade."
HUMOROUS.
-"A few million years hence the sun
will give out no more heat." "Well,
most of tu won't be in need of heat."
Life.
-Mamrna-"Harry, I want you to
come in now and amuse the baby."
Harry (aged 5)-"You'll have to excuse
me, mother; I'm not in the low-comedy
line."-Boston Transcript.
-She-"What swell turnouts Maud's
new beau always has." He-'"Yes, I
have just found out about them-he
gets three dollars a day for exercising
the horses."-Detroit Tribune.
-English as it is Understood.-"I in
sist upon your leaving the house," she
said, angrily. "Certainly," he replied,
blandly; "I have no intention of taking
it witl} me. "-Detroit Free Press.
-"How is it your little baby sister
goes to sleep as soon as your father
takes her?" Little-four-year old-"I
'spec it's 'cause she'd rather do that ,
than stay awake and hear him sing."-
Beau Monde.
-George--"'Iay I hope, dearest, thatI
at some future time I may have the t
happiness- of making you my wife?"
Mamie--'"Well, I hope so, I'm sure.
I'm just tired of suing fellows for
breach of promise." - Raymond's a
Monthly.
-Jiggers-"Young Justwed says his a
wife is a very magnetic woman." J.ag
gers-"You bet she is. lie asked her r
to allow him to go down-town with I
me the other night and she showed I
both negative and positive qualities in
less'n half a minute."--Buffalo Courier. t
-"When I die, dear," murmured the a
fashionable but delicate wife to her I
doting husband, "I want yon to have
my portrait painted every year, mak
ing it look a little older each year."
"That would be very natural, my t
dear," replied the husband. "WVhat
would be natural?" "The--ah-paint,
love!" c
-Customer-"Why do you take the I
trouble of sending the gloves, a small I
pareel, away with the money? I might
be putting them on while waiting for
my change." Salesman-"Yes, and
have them half worn out. We don't do
btlness la that way. We meaa that I
alU goe ." shsU leae the ·sa in ~t'h
~- -.
SCHOOL AND CHURCH.
is -There are 50,000.000 Lutherans in
is. the world.
st -Brother MIoody is 56 years old anl
Lo is not ashamed to tell his age.
it -The great school at Harrow, in En
r land, was founded by John Lyon in
1571.
s -A training ship was utilized in Lon
Ls don for the teaching of homeless boy
Le in 1806.
--There are 141 schools of theology in
It this country, with 686 professors and
LS 6,989 students.
.e -Westminster university is the name
of the new Presbyterian school at Den
I ver. It will be open for students next
f fall.
--The Argentine Confederation is the
best in education among the South
Y American republics. It has 3,227 schools
e and 254,000 pupils.
--The Sunday question has been long
in dispute in Toronto. In the battleat
the polls the Sabbatarians have won.
The vote for Sunday cars is 13,060,
e against Sunday cars 14,085.
h -Mr. Philip D. Armour has been vis
iting Bloston, inspecting the Massa
! chusetts Institute of Technology and
other educational institutions in that
line, with the view of getting informa
tion that can be put to practical use
for the benefit of the great college in
Chicago which he has so splendidly en
dowed.
I -In British India the ancient Brah
manic religious belief still counts 211,
_ 000,000 in its different sects. The Budd
hist form of belief is held by 7,000,000
in Farther India (Burmah), not in In
dia proper. The ancient faith of Zoras
- ter, dating back to the time of Cyrus
t and Darius. is professed by 90,000 who
bear the name of Parsi or Persian. The
followers of Mohammed number 57,000,
000; the empress of India has a far
9 greatei number of Mohammedan sub
jects than the sultan or the shah. The
ancient pagan or nature worshipers
number 9,000,000.
A TYPIFICATION OF AUGUST.
This Month Is the Pleasant Undertine of
R the Year.
1 If it were required to typify August,
I would suggest the month be likened
to an oriental merchant, dealer in all
manner of incense and perfume. In
I these still warm nights, the wandering
merchant has traffic with woody slash
ings and thickets where grow black
berry brambles, firewood and milk
s weed, and wild lettuce. Coming
straight from these, and gathering a
tithe from poppied and lillied gardens,
- such as the country still loves to culti
rate, the merchant brings to town a
sachet of rural sweetness potent to
Swake delicious memories. August
might be portrayed as swinging a cen
ser in which are turning fragrant
leaves and blossoms. Furthermore, the
month might be characterized as the
month for butterflies; for it is at this
point in the season that the most
splendid specimens of the butterfly
tribe make their appearance. The
white and yellow rovers are every
where present-the butterfly common
alty. Hlere and there is seen a creature
of such brilliant dyes, texture so ex
quisite, as to suggest that it could
scarcely have had an earthly origin.
What spirit clothes itself in the jetty
darkness of night, relieved only by the
patch of bright daytime azure at the
base of its wings? One with colors of
fire or of sunset I saw, hovering about
the duskiy sidewalk in a sort of a fatu
ous fascination; I could have caught it
easily, so absorbed was the foolish
insect. Another, vivid as an autumn
leaf and as helpless a voyager, was
seen floating down the stream. A but
terfly might be said to be a winged
scroll of mystic picture-writing. There
is one point of likeness to the bird; a
butterfly has plumage, but all of down
or feathery dust instead of true
feathers.
With the white and yellow butter
flies, everywhere flickering in this still
sunshiny world, go their botanic coun
terparts, the white thistle-balls, lumi
nous, slowly drifting, like some kind
of large diurnal firefly "with white fire
laden." These rise at the least whis
per of the air from many a sleepy, ob
livious field mistily brushed over with
thistle-down soft and fine as the wool
of the lambs in spring born in the
rough pasture. As if anticipating the
deciduous time and fashion of the
leaves, certain myriads of the insect
world shed the corporeal habit that
was theirs.-Atlantic.
Cute Scheme of Old Tars.
The old tars in the naval home have
a new scheme for obtaining at least a,
part each year of the pension to which
they would be entitled if they were
not inmates of the government institu
tion on Gray's Ferry road. By a pe
culiar twist in the law when an old
man-'o-warsman accepts the benefits of
the home he is obliged to surrender his
pension. A few knowing ones among
the veteran salts have found out that
this law does not apply to soldiers' and
sailors' homes in other parts of the
country, and they oocasionally obtain
leave of absence from the naval home
and obtain admittance to the home at
Siampton, Va., where they remain for
a few months at a time. During this
period they receive their pension
money, and after accumulating fifty
dollars or one hundred dollars they re
turn to the Gray's Ferry establishment,
where they stay until they have spent
the cash, and then take another profit
able leave of absence.-Philadelphia
Record.
Why She Thoalht So.8
lBridget-Oi'm going to put a stop to
the policeman's visits.
Mistress-Why, Bridget?
"Oi think he's fooling me. He's been
calling on me six months and his ap
petite is as good as ever."-Btooklyn
Life.
-The first religious newspaper. n
this country was the Religious Re
meimbrancer, published by John W.I
Seott, Philadelphia, I8S, The Chas.J
sy.. grew me Ot it
Lb HOME HINTS AND HELPS.
i. -Chocolate for an Invalid: Scrape
Sfne one-half square of chocolate, add
4 one tablespoonful of sugar, and the
same of hot water. Stir all together
a.- on the stove, and then add to it one enp
n of boiling water and one cup of hot
milk.-Health.
. -Canned Tomato Appetizer: One
r. quart canned tomato, three tablespoon
fuls good vinegar, two tablespoonfuls
u sugar, one teaspoonful. celery seed
it rolled or bruised, one teacupful chopped
celery or cabbage. Boil, fast ten min
a utes.-Orange Judd Farmer.
. -Biscuit and Cream: Some cold
:t evening, make a big pan of hot biscuits
by any preferred receipe. and pass
e with them a bowl of well-salted cream.
No dish is more warmly welcomed at
our table, but I have never eaten it or
heard of it elsewhere.-Rural New
YOrker.
S--Coffee for One Person: Take a ta
t blespoonful of ground coffee, one cup
L of hot water, the fourth of the white
. of an egg, half a cup of cold water.
Stir the coffee with the white of the
;- egg; add the cold water. Boil. Add
L- the hot water. Boil two minutes.
lI Farm, Field and Fireside.
t -Bannocks: Take a large half pint
of Indian. meal, add salt and a tea
e spoonful (according to taste) of brown
a sugar; scald till stiff. When cool, add
1- a spoonful of melted butter, two well
beaten eggs and half a teaspoonful of
- soda dissolved in a scant cup of butter
- milk or sour milk. Bake in gem pans
half an hour.-Boston Budget.
0 -Rabbit (or Squirrel) Pudding:
- Joint meat and stew in a little water,
with salt and pepper. Drain, put in
s dish and cover with batter made of the
• beaten yolks of four. eggs, one large
s teaspoonful of melted butter, salt, one
- pint of milk, flour to make batter as
r for fritters, adding the stiff whites of
four eggs at the last. Bake in oven.
a Good Housekeeping.
a -Toast Water: Cut two slices of
bread half an inch thick, toast them
very brown on both sides, but be care
ful not to scorch them or they will be
unfit for use. Break them in half, put
into a pitcher, and pour three pints of
boiling water over. WVhen cold, strain.
Sometimes two tablespoonfuls of cur
rant jelly may be added while the w-a
ter is hot, and stirred occasionally to
dissolve it.-llealth.
THE CHEMIST'S ART.
- Wonders That Far Surpass the Dreams of
Olden Alclhemists.
Though the dream of the ancient al
chemist of transmuting base metals in- 4
to nobler ones has never been realized,
the chemist of this era can accomplish 4
marvels that almost surpass belief.
The skilled toxicologist reveals the I
presence of poisons, often when only !
traces exist, by removing them from I
their surroundings with solvents, re
quiring hours, days and sometimes I
weeks for their separation, excitiing
them to form combinations with other I
elements, he causes them to appear in I
solid, liquid or gaseous conditions.
Many of them lie arrays in varied col
ors, or in crystalline shapes, seen dis
tinctly by the achromatic or apo- 1
chromatic lenses of the micro
scope. Others he volatilizes in
flames, and views their incan
descent vapors through the prisms
of a spectroscope. Brilliantly-tinted
and sharply-defined lines in localities
accurately noted, reveal the existence
of metals so trifling in quantity that
they elude measurement by the bal
ance, with all its modern refinements,
and so small that the human brain can
scarce imprison the thought of their
minuteness. To take one example:
Suppose the finger is wetted with a
drop of saliva'and touched to a salt ol
lithium, and the adherent white
powder is placed on the tongue and
then swollowed. After the lapse of a a
few minutes, on drawing a clean plati
num wire over the forehead or any
part of the skin, then placing it with a
its traces of moisture in a liunsen
flame in front of the narrow slit of the
spectroscope, an observer, looking
through the little telescope of the in
strument, will see for the fraction of a
second the bright-colored red and yel
low lines characteristic of lithium.
The soluble salt has passed through a
the entire circulatory system of the
body, and its presence is announced in .
perspiration'-Ogden Doremus, in
Forum.
Unhealthy Houses. e
WVherever a house is found whose cel- a
lar is unventilated and damp, with
moldy fungi on its walls, orif its draw- c
ers and closets have tell-tale greenish "
or grayish white spots, and that musty i
smell, smelled once always to be re
membered, do not live in it. In coun
try houses, which rarely have modern a
plumbing, there should be an equally 4
careful investigation of the water sup
ply and drainage. Some idea of the '
soil in which the vwell is dug should
be gained in order to examine
intelligently whether the water is
fit to use. Beside this, the dis- c
posal of the 'waste of the household
should be keenly investigated. lest this C
should befoul the water and make un
healthy an otherwise agreeable home.
The cistern which generally supplies
the water for domestic washing and a
cleaning should be looked after. This t
water is not so liable to be impure, but a
the pipes that carry the water from C
the roof into the cistern get rickety in
their joints and need repairing, lest s
unexpectedly the cistern "run dry." I
It is well, when one is acting as in- C
spector, to find out if the pumps actual- d
ly pnmp.-Ladios' Home Journal. 8
Styles tm Se oedos.
bmall cheeks ai* the prevailing pat- ti
tebrns, with large choice in color, or, u
more accurately, combinations of color. p
Not a few are qnitegay, and others are a
overcast by dotting 1i bourette style, 6
that in oobtrat to grave surfaces show
in pretty relief. For the most part
these .dottings are set regularly, andb
are comrparatively large in slae. Checks ,
in wools of mores conservative weaves
are fashionabl, ssay showing rleh,.
lark unittes oa  ncolor tht are well
TRICKS IN LAWMAKIUNG,--- .
![r. Splae r'es Epereimes whe ,
Clerk of the I3lamess Eeea6. _:. ' ;
When a young man lion. Wilnil-:-
Springer was clerk of the llisioIfsaiai-i
of representatives. There was anue`
propriation bill consisting of a numbr -' -
of items before the legislature. u'"
tempt was made to have incorps Vi .
in it an item appropriating the smi of-. =
fifty thousand dollars for acertn npnr- p
pose. A majority of the house was up
posed to this particular appropriationp
The bill as reported did not contain=.
the objectionable item. WVhen it casem.
to its final reading Mr. Springer red.
the bill in full. The members listened- '
attentively and noted the fact that theis
fifty thousand dollar item was mot _in ,
eluded in the bill as read.
Mr. Springer laid the bill down on'·-
his desk after reading it, and, taking'
up the list, called the roll, the lllianol'.
constitution requiring s yea sand
vote on the final passage of a bilL -?
legislature, being economical, had no:...'
supernumerary officers, so that one S
man had to perform the duties usually'
devolving upon two or more persons. -
The bill was passed, and Mr. Springer
noted that fact on the back of the
printed copy of the bill and sent it over
to the senate. It passed that body and',
was signed by the governor. It was.
soon discovered that the act which-re
ceived the gubernatorial autograph
had incorporated in it the objectiona
ble item.
This looked serious, for the houise, at -
least, had not intended to pass that
item, and .as a matter of fact had not
passed it, for it was not included in the
bill as read and voted upon in that
body. Mr. Springer was equal to the
emergency. lie caused the journal to -
show that the bill was read in full and
then incorporated it in the journal,
thus showing officially that the obnox
ious item had not been voted upon or
adopted by the house. A writ was
then sued out enjoining the state treas
urer from paying the money. The su
preme court granted it and made it
perpetual, thus going behind the ap
proving signature of the governor and
the attesting signatures of the prepsid
ing officers of the two houses of the leg
islature to the journal of the house,and
accepting it as the best evidence of the
intention and act of the house of rep
resentatives and of the legislature.
WVhether the entire act was invalid was
not passed upon, and as no injunction
was applied for as to the other items
the appropriations they carried stood
and were paid.
Mr. Springer thinks someone inter
ested in the fifty-thousand-dollar ap.
propriation had a bogus bill printed in
exact imitation of the genuine, and
when, after reading it, he had laid the
genuine bill down on his desk the
spurious one was substituted quickly
and the genuine carried off and de
stroyed. There being a crowd about
the desk at the time it was easy enough
to do this, Mr. Springer said. Natur
ally, he indorsed what appeared to be
the proper bill without reading it
again. Iiis ready wit, however, en
abled him to defeat the game of the
conspirators, even when it seemed to
be too late to do anything to repair the
mischief. It was never learned, Mr.
Springer said, who played ,the sleight
of-hand trick.-Washington Post.
THE ENSIGN.
A Charming Creature on Whom the La
dies Dote.
When a young man first gets his com
mission as a line officer in active serv
ice in the navy he becomes an ensign.
Landsmen call it ensign with a long
"i" in the second syllable, but every
body afloat pronounces the word
"onsin," with a short "i." . There is
seldom any occasion on shipboard for
pronouncing it at all, as the ensign is
addressed as plain "mister." The en
sign is a graduate of the naval academy,
and ordinarily obtains his commission.
after -four years' study ashore and two
years' cruising. There are ,now one
hundred and seventy-seven ensigns,
some with very new commissions, a
few who have been as much
as ten years of that
They range in age from t r
ty-one to two - and - thirty. -
naval officers who recall the days of
the midshipmite are sometimes die--' ,1;
posed to treat the ensigns as boys, anl:
it is not many years since ensigns
twenty-eight or thirty years of age
found themselves under a sort of dis
cipline which required them to be
aboard ship by nine o'clock at night.
The ensign is necessarily a watchor e m n
oficer. He never commands even the 3
smallest ship, unless everybody abo
him is dead or disabled, a rare conti
gency in time of peace. Sometimes he ."
belongs to the wardroom mess, and
sometimes he messes in the steerage,
along with the naval cadets, the pay[':
master's clerk and the like. Thisr:
rangement is not so much for the skew :
of emphasizing distinctions of rank ag-..'
to enable the ensign, whose sea pay 'i.
only from one thousand two hnndredto .;
one thousand (our hundred dollars no- ?
corling to length of service, to live more
cheaply than it is possible to live in the :
wardroom. Big ships have four or·_
five- ensigns and little ships uutal.
ly two. Every ensign is a man' of
good physique, fair techniceal edi
tion, excellent mental training 
some social accomplishments. Oneo 2.
casionally encounters in the ens8 tini ~'
marks of a coarse, undiscelplined ana' .'-
snobbishly mindful of the social
leges belonging to his professaiowSai ,n
of the rank that may one day be *
distinction. One more often l -
graceful, modest, well-mnnered. t
man, patriotically proud of he,.-.
fession and conscious that te obigai
tion of courtesy anl mdnlidess rsts
upon one who carries beneath his sim
ple jacket the glittering buttbos of the
admiral. Enthusiasts in-a h qtaeip4
tie commonly found in tes
rare rein higher rnkfth
9it futurew lf;