THI LAFAYrTEGAZETTE
KLTjME III. LLA.FAYETTEv LA.? SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 23, 1895. NUMBER 38.
"im n m ' a' mi n i m m!I.m m m |a ie  |l. m m.. - - -__ .- '__LIII Nl o u m m m imnut !mmm n m m mn n . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
O(eneral
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
Llmcea Avenae, a LAPAYETTE, LA.
C. A. VOORlIIES,
ADDRESS:
Derbiny and Esplanade Stis., New Orleass, La
Represents -
WM. H. LEE & CO.,
WHOLESALE
LIQUORS,
713 and 715 Lucas Avenue,
ST. LOUIS, MO.
W. BERNARD,
Barber Shop,
Domnengeaux Building,
Near Southern Pacific Depot.
CHAS. D. CAFFERY,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
Office on Madiseson St.. LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
Aýttcrneyas at Iawr,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
AND
FEED ,table
Lincoln Avenue.
Two Blocks From Depot.
irsst-class rigs at reasonable prices
Cureful drivers furnished when required
LAFAYETE, LA.
Jan lT.
C. DEBAILLON,
LAWTVYER.
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mars
and Vermillion Parishes, and the tSu.
preme and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New Orleans.
LFAI'E'rTE. LA.
RAILROAD BARlBEl SOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
MT. CARM CON VIT
LAPAYlTTE, LA. -
The system of education inclmaes the
- rench and English languages, Music
nd all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will be given to the health
and comtnrt of those placed under tha
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
Near fank ~lutidlug.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor,
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attendeds a
Satisfacetion guaranteed.
H. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE, - - - - A.
E. G. VOORHIES,
4ATTORNEY AT LAW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
LCfayete. La.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner In the State 99 years,
and in Lafayette Parish 21 years, calls
attention to his new and successful treat
ment of the respiratory organs. Mledi
cal inhaltions combined with consti
tutional treatment affording a cure sa
Consumption, in the first and secoui
period if they follow exactly the -treat
ment and relief in the third period.
Deafness and chronic diseases in geo
*val a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU,
Notary Publio
Justice of the Peace.
Careful and prompt attention given te
she oolletion of M~Li tacoun ts, notes os
"rsfts. Sale rand purcenase of lands at
sndec to. 1-19
C. H. MOUTON,
,4 ttornoy at T stArY'
91. f1srlsrlra* J.as
HARRISON'S PO3ITION
Ie Would 8eleet x One Ba sllmef fet -
President,
John C New, tiho was the figith
hand man of El1-President Harrison in
1688, and is so yet for all that is known
to the contrary, has been interviewed
as to the position of his chiefL Mince
his statements have not been contra
dicted by Gen. Harrison, or by any
friend of his, it can be taltdd i i:
granted that they oe "inspired."
It seems, then, that the attitude of
the ex-president is the conventional
one of the priest who is called on to be
a bishop, who does not want the, office
and dreads its responsibilities, but
who accepts it in obedience to i sol
emn sense oft duty. Gen. Harrison is
not a candidate, saya Mr. New. "LHe
will not enter into the struggle for a
nomination which could not bring him
any more honor,, but which would
bring hltn more cares." But it he
should be called to active leadership
by the party "he will assumae the duty
as a.trust from whith his patriotism'
will not allow him to shrink." This is
the language of an "ancient Roman
rather than a modern Jndianian,
If vox populi said '"General, you
must exchange the peaceful seclusion
of your home for the-.laborious turmoil
of the white house," Mr. New says au
thoritatively he would pack up and go,
and Mr. New is of the opinion that wok
populi is going to do that verything.
He says the "unmistakable drift of pub
lic sentiment" is liarrisonward.
But in order that that draft may
not be checked and turned in another
direction Mr. New announces that
"were Gen. Harrison's advice solicited
he would select neither Mr. McKinley
nor Mr. Reed as the republican candi
date for president."
In other words, "public sentiment"
is warned that if out of regard for Mr.
Harrison's preference for a private life
lie is not called on to-be a candidate, it
will not do to select either of the two
other men who are the leading aspi
rants for the nomination. While very
unwilling to be nominated, Gen. Har
rison explains that it would be unsafe
to nominate anyone else, and his
friends are working hard to prevent
the commission of such a blunder.
What Mr. New had to say on behalf
of his chief could have been put in
very few words. Gen. Harrison is
anxious to be renominated and reelect
ed. He is a candidate for the nomina
ion, and through his friends is work
ng hard to get -it. Recognizing the
fact that Messrs. Reed and McKinley
are at this moment his most formida
ble competitors he takes the trouble
to point out what he considers their
weak spots. One stands for a bill
which cost the party two defeats and
stands for nothing else. The other he
alleges is responsible for the heavy ap
propriations of the Fifty-first con
gress.
As an old politician Mr. New ought
to have known that it would have been
better to say Gen. Harrison yearns
exceedingly for the nomination and
means to get it if he can rather than to
print him as a Cincinnatus at the
plow with his head turned over his
shoulder looking impatiently for the
arrival of the senators to inform him
of his election and begging his friends
to hurry them up.-Chicago Tribune
(Rep.).
HE WANTS REVENGE.
Reasons for arrisus's Oppositlon to Mic
Kinley and Reed.
It was the billion-dollar congress, of
which Mr. Reed of Maine was speaker,
and Mr. McKinley of Ohio was chair
man of the ways and means commit
tee, that passed the notorious high
tariff measure known as the McKinley
bill Mr. Harrison was president of
the United States, and it required his
signature to make it a law. In the
election following the McKinley bill,
the democrats and low-tax men swept
the c>untry, notwithstanding that the
manufacturers, who were the only
class benefited by the law, contributed
large campaign sums for the success
of the high protection cause.
The republican journals, comment
ing on the result of the election and
the causes thatb led to it, universally
admitted that the passage of the Me.
Kinley bill was the chief cause for the
republican disaster. Those few per
sons who held the confidence of 'resi
dent Harrison openly stated that Mr.
Reed, as speaker of the house, had
been warned by the president against
the extravagant appropriations being
made, and that Mr. McKinley, as chair
man of the ways and means committee,
had been advised by the president not
to build the tariff duties too high.
The president's advice and wishes
were disregarded, and when tae crush
ing rebuke of the people fell pon the
administration and hurled it from
power the friends of Gen. llarrison,
if not the president himself, blamed
Reed and McKinley for the misfortune
to the party. Certain it is that from
the election in 189[0 up to the present
time Gen. Harrison has had no love for
either Reed or McKinley. Therefore
the statemenL of Mr. New that were
his (Harrison's) advice solicited he
would select neither Mr. McKinley nor
Mr. Reed as the republican candidate
for president will cause no surprise in
those circles where the factsl above
noted are so well known. Nor will the
announcement that Gen. Harrison is
not a candidate for president cause
any surprise among observant politi
eians.-Louisville Courier-JournaL
---It is quite flattering to Doss
Quay that there should be a report
that the chairman of the republican
executive committee of Ohio waited
upon him and asked him to express no
presidental preference until after the
November election in that sitate. It
-puts him in the light of president
maker and boss almighty-a dictator
for the whole republican party. It will
"be strange if Boss Platt does not sooner
or later exhibit some jealousy of so all
prevading a boss.-St. Louis Post
Dispatch.
-Demoernacy has pulled the coontry
oat of the calamitous results of repub
;lean mismanagement and is now lay
ing away money to the oredit of tl
peop.l'~ee4ager fIpi1) Pesoorwt.
Ht gBANKFUP -T QQMMgIt tL
paPblta 1atgy due .astsbag ius
S~refPtbal nMi nafit eiinitted
eozttkae to erplolt Its balnTrpt Con'
ditis before the people in offering to
locate the next national convention of
tbhat party at the city 9whiheb will pay
of the c-onnmitee's dlebt in addition to
the refelar oabus and donations. In
o00 5 t tbihse scand lais ti*.titnees
ments tne coatnnittoe's debt is saM{ to
be forty thousand dollars, which has
been hanging over it since the cam
r-h4 is the aaiount which Pittsburgh
is invited to raise an the price of alak
zi% a bid foc tile d8Oiveitionr. A dis
patch from that city it a repoblicai
per ss: "One of the conditions of
the conveotionts coi~iat here, It is re
portd4, Ithat the irOn and steel man
ifactrers pay off tile debt carried by
the eo idtthe since the last eamplign.
it s aid that forty thousand dollars
Will cover the amount owed." This
decle atioa is as di~rstrcefl as it is
clnflil.
It has been usual with the republicani
coi~itteSe to "gry the fat" out of the
proteted maItufacturers for the pay
mhent of election epnse1ss. They are
nout to be 'frled" to pay for a "dead
hoset"-to sqlare OjP the debt which
..'roawr Carter, "'Ret" Clarkson, "Bill"
tspbell, "Wick' (tlesns, "*San" Fen -
aendei *"Mtike" Doe Y og and their
asseocates left outstanding at the close
of the proi ate and disastrous ropub
lioana ampaign of 1891"
It must be uhderstood that this con
tribetion of forty thousand dollars is
re4quied to pay the old debt of the
colaittee. It , is addition to the
uioal mnuniAlcnt sarat contributed to
pya the eZPCsSesof the committee, the
coneation and the favored individuals
Who enjoy the municipal hospitality of
the place where the convention is
located The Proposition is plain. Any
citY desiring to mnaker bid for the con
vehtion must agree to put up forty
thousntd dollars drst, to pay the cor
mitte , debt. That is a condition
precelent. Tie city Making the most
generous all around oier Jn addition
t, this as0 will get the convention.
The pittsburgh dispatch containing
this scandal itieltiott the fact that
~onator guay is managing the traises
tion and extorting the contributions
from the i lnktfacturees.
A Party national cotauisttee is the
peranent representativoe of the party.
The republica national committee is
noanaelally mankrupt. hlow-ever it may
be With that party, fiancially, the
com ittee represents its moral and
political bankruptcy. Whether the
conlittte Can induie any oity to pay
its Old debts and restore it to a condi
tion of solvency is rinetionable. But
whether that shall be aecomplished or
not the republican party's bankrupt
zondition in morals and polities is irre
trievable."Chicago Chronicle.
NOTES AND COMMiENTS.
-oThere is no doubt that the Me
(inlee organs are having hard times
nowasays.-Boston lerald.
'iOne big cloud on ilcKinley's
prospects of the aonination is that
formed by the smoke from the continu
ally i creasinR nullber of industrial
cilsmileys. Philadelphia Times.
'here is food for meditation in
the fact that all the republican loaders
of Ohio who are of a practical turn of
pind agreo that les .ibley's talk about
the tarif is handicapping the party
ana should te stopPed.--Detroit Free
Press,
-The irpi'ovement in business has
kioltred the spots ourt of McKinley's
bool and the love feast of the blnoue
and the gray at Atlanta has made it
necesoary for Calliope Foraker to re
hrite his sIPecth.c-ptringflel (lhL)
Register.
lThe people of Ohio know James
Eia Caempbell well enough to know that
whatever he romises in the namine of
tie democratic party he will insist on
its frulgixrtent at whatever cost to him
oslf. ue is clean, honest, capable,
iealless and true.-Toledo esc.
--The worst features of the panic
of 1683 were aggravated by a great
party through its newspapers and pub
lic nreo, howling calamity for partisan
ea.et froti one end of the union to the
other, an occupatioi of which they are
nOv pretty' thoroughly ashamed.
Pittsburgh Post.
S--The outflow of gold has been
checked, the current receipts of the
govertme°1t are in etccss of its cx
penditure, there is not the slightest
danger of the issuance of more bonds
and the whole country is growing
more prosperous every day. Democracy
has pulled the country out of the
colanuitofs results of republican' mis
mafagemnent and is now laying away
money to the credit of the people.-
Detroits Free press.
---Coj. John C.  ev, of Indianap
ois, anys thatt en. lairison is in no
sense a candidate for the presidenoy,
and that the story that le hast with
drawn in the interest of anyone is
without foundation. eJ also said that
if Gien. Itarrison's advice were solicited,
hre would select neither lir. Reed nor
Go" McgKinley as the republican
standard.iearer. A later dispatch
from Indianapolis 0ays the e-presi
dent's personal preference is Senator
Aflison of Iowa.---Louisviile Courier
Jourqal.
--The fact that eports in lenen'
fictared gooda have increased in value
11o' 8151.102,370O1i the year 1i8o to
$183,55,743 in the year 1895 serves to
disprove the oft-repŽated charge of
highprotection advocates that the
new tariff schedule elosed the markets
of the world by tBransferring the de
malnd of American products to other
countries The year 1893 was the last
fil l1year of the Zrcitialey law, and the
value of exports was 041oy.31S,023,118,
a diarenc of but 86,92O,?42, while
the following period It 1894, when the
Wilson law went into effect the in
crease was Pl;,695,966 over 1893, and
tls'l year iUle museh etter. Ameri
can iton and steel, cotton, and woolen
and leather fabrics are compeottive
forces in foreign marhets now as never
before ia the history of tbh trate, and
the la5t1 s1 based oa the plain Ugnreq
of *% t9-PUAApri isPiII fl9t1p
ACHOOL AND CHURCH.
-At Tashkend. in Russian Tfit es*
tati, English has been subetitutel for
German as an obligatory study in the
high school:
-The Endeavorers at Postville, Ta.,
on a recent Monday sent in about fif
teen hundred bouquets to the fiow6Ef
mission in Clieago.
-lua Brazil, the largest country in
loutit America, with a population of
aboiut id,600,000, there is said to be
only t missionary to ovety 138;000 souls.
-The Moravians have not live mis
sionaries at their stations to the north
of Lake Nyassa. only one of them with
a wife. A day's journey off is the Ber
lith laisilon, and not very far away is
Livingstonias, the Beoteh Free church
field.
--It is figured out that the Chlitiafti
churches of America give on an avers
age one sixty-fourth of their ordained
men to foreign missionary work; that
it takes 7,862 church members to sip
port one forein missionary, and that
the average giving per member is but
forty cents.
-Since the earthquakes Florence
has turned with renewed devotion to
ward the "tabertiacoli" or shrines in
the street, containing iguree of the
Madonna or some saint. Beside the
hanging lamp that burns all night
these are are now adorned with lighted
candles, wreaths and flowers.
--Prof. C. C. Nutting has issued a
preliminary report of the voyage un
dertaken by a score of students and
professors of the university of Iowa.
The tour embraced Cuba, the Bahama
islands, the Florida keys, and adjacent
parts. Many unique botanical and
zoological specimens were secured.
-Fourteen prominent publication
houses in Germany have organized an
"Association of Christian Book Pub
Lishers." Its object is to use their craft
and business in the interests of the
principles of Christianity, and to an
tagonize the spread of pernicious and
anti-Christian literature in every shape
and form.
'-Rev. R. A. Morley. A. M., of Rock
River conference, has been elected
president of Northern Illinois college
at Fulton, 111. Ten thousand dollars
in scholarships have been appropriated
for the benefit of the children of sol
tiers of the late war. The president
and board of trustees are hopeful con
cerning the future of the college.
-There are said to be six distinct
races and languages in Africa, the
negro race occupying the greater part
>f western or central Africa. It is esti
mated that one-fourth of the popula
tion of this vast continent are under
lirect Mohammedan influence. On the
chores of the Mediterranean there are
150.000 IIindoos and nearly 1.000,000
lews.
OIL WELLS DRYING UP.
rears That the Supply Winl Soon Be Ex
Laasted In the East.
The great decline in the oil products
of Pennsylvania, Indiana and Ohio in
a recent period, and the fear that the
wells in those states might become ex
nausted before many years, have
stimulated act'vely in the search for
sew fields. Within the' last year in
Cansas, Arkansas, southern California,
:he Indian territory and in various
fther regions oil wells have been dis
-overed where the existence of the
valuable fluid was never suspected.
Mtuch attention has recently been given
to the Indian territory, whose wealth
of minerals has long been known. On
the borders of the Indian reservations
,n both Cansas and Arkansas rich
-oal and oil fields have been found; but
these are regarded as merely outcrop
pings of the principal fields in the In
lian territory. Experts who have ex
plored these fields declare that in this
-egion abundant wells of oil and nat
aral gas are struck at a depth .of two
hundre3 feet, and that the deepest
borings do not go lower than twelve
hundred feet. In the Pennsylvania oil
-egions the wells must be sunk to a
lepth of eighteen hundred to twenty
four hundred feet. It is stated that
the oil of the Indian territory is better
for illuminating purposes than any
other that has yet been discovered.
The city of Los Angeles, Cal., appears
to stand upon an oil field, as borings
made in the heart of that city at half
the depth of Pennsylvania sources have
Fielded rich results. Not long ago a
well was sunk at the intersection of
two streets to a depth of eight hun
ired feet, when the oil flowed out at
the rate of eight hundred barrels a day.
in other parts of Californiacompanies
have been formed to develop the fields
of oil and natural gas, of which the
indications are abundant. The fact
thar in California much of the land
overlying this wealth is prolific in ag
ricultural products . has caused its
Treater subterranean value to be over
Looked. But it will not be long until
the oil producer's derrick shall arise
among its vineyards and corn fields.
After making all allowances for ex
aggeration there remains no doubt
that this great country contains rich
Belds of oil and natural gas that still
tLie undeveloped. Should the flids of
Pennsylvania become wholly exhaust
ad there would be no want of petroleum
ror both home consumption and export.
-Philadelphia Record.
Wvould Wear.
"These pies," he began, solemnly,
but she knew what was coming.
"Oh, yes, there comes "mother,'
'mother' again--"
"Tlhese pies suffer by comparison
with mother's----"
"'Oh, fudge on your mother--"
"No use to get angry, my dear, truth
is invulnerable. It is a fact that one
ot my good old mother's pies would
outlast a dozen of thesel"--Cleveland
Plaindealer.
-In a Newcastle shipyard lately a
part of the men went on strike. They
and their employers agreed to submit
the disputed matters to the arbitration
of a working blacksmith in the yard.
He deoided in favor of the employers
nad the tes W*at ipgek IS oiy to_
wefr,.
HOME HINTS AND HELPS.
-Pickled Oysters: Put the oysters in
a saucepan with their own liquor, and
allow to simmer gently for ten min
utes; then lay in a jar. When cold
poutt over them the following pickle:
boil the liquor of the oysters with a
bit of mace. Iteqon peel, black pepper
and VItegar, Kee'p in small jar well
covered.- lId'fer's Bazar.
-Suitana Scones: Rub two Ounces
of butter into one pound of dour, add
tng two teaspoonfuls of baking pow
der and a little salt. Mix Into a nlde
light dough with sour milk, working
in at the same time a handful of sul
tanas. Roll out about an inch thick,
cut into three-cornered shapes, and
bake until slightly browned in a good,
steady oven.-Leeds Mercury.
-Apple Custard Pie: Peel, core and
stew apples in a very little water until
tender, Vdt them through a colander,
and for one pie take three eggs, one
third cup of butter, ope-third cup of
sugar, and flavor with nutmeg and
lemon; use one cup of the apple pulp
to each pie, and only the yolks of the
eggs, making a meringue with the
whites for the top. -Prairie Farmer.
-Bacon and Liver Stew: Pour boil
Ing water over a beef or calf liver, let
stand one-half hour, then cut the liver
with deep gashes, insert thin slices of
bacon in these ants and fasten in with
toothpicks. Have three or four slices
of bacon in the pot over a hot fire fry
ing with an onion cut fine; when fried
to a crisp put the liver in, cover tight
lys let cook about ten minutes, turning
often, then dredge well with flour,
pour boiling water over till the liver is
covered, put on the top of the stove,
where it will cook slowly. Cook three
hours; a nice brown gravy will be done
with the liver.-Womankind.
-Chill Sauce: Remove the skins
from a peklc of ripe tomatoes, and peel
eight onions. Chop the whole fine,
and put over the fire in their juice in a
porcelain kettle to cook for half an
hour. Then strain through a sieve
and add a pint of vinegar, a table
spoonful each of ground cinnamon,
allspice and black pepper, and a tea
spoonful of cloves. Let the mixture
cook about four hours, until quite
thick, stirring it frequently. As it is
taken from the fire add a tablespoon
ful of ground mustard, a teaspoonful
of cayenne pepper, two teaspoonfuls
of ground ginger and two tablespoon
fuls or more of salt, according to the
taste. Use perfectly clean, sound bot
tles, cork tightly, and seal.-Western
Rural.
HATS OF MULL.
Beauty and Comfort Are Combined Ina
Hats for the Little Ones.
The little maid of to-day listens in
wonderment to tales of grandma's
childhood, and in her innocent way
dreams of the children who roamed
about with sunbonnets on their heads.
She thinks they must certainly have
been very queer.
IBut my little lady does not under
stand that she herself is wearing a sun
bonnet. True, it is not like those of
yore. It has a new quality, that which
the mother of the little maid strives
to develop in her daughter.
It is emancipated. No longer is it
made of hot gingham, which jars one's
nerves every time it touches the ears;
neither is it coarse and ugly.
It is made of finest mull, in dainty
colors and trimmed with lace or Irish
point embroidery. The sunbonnet is
so light and cool that the little maid
does not mind having it on her head in
the least.
The crown of the bonnet is made
very full and a cape of embroidery
hangs about the neck. A wide ruche,
also of embroidery, encircles the face.
The little maid does not always wear
sunbonnets, however. There is anoth
er style of head covering for her and
she wears it quite as often as the bon
net.
Again it is of mull, but this time
over a stiff wire frame. The wires
which form the brim are shirred in
side the mull. So sometimes no mull
is used for the brim, but instead hand
some emnbroiderery which is stiffly
starched. The embroidery is plaited,
and falling in waves, makes a pretty
framework for the baby face.
A bow of ribbon or mull of the same
color as the hat, catches back the
brim in. the center of the front.-Chi
cago News.
BROILED MUSHROOMS.
A Seasonable Dish Which I. Sure to Tempt
the Epicare.
Fresh mushrooms are flooding the
market, and the epicure is tempting
his palate by ordering them prepared
in every conceivable style. The house
wife may follow the sage advice of
him who said "-the way to a man's
heart is through his stomach," and
gain a point by serving the man of the
house with a savory dish of broiled
mnushrooms. The recipe is here given.
Too much care can not be taken in se
lecting this vegetable, as the false ones
so nearly resemble the edible ones.
The most delicious mushrooms are
gathered in the broad fields, where
they have grown to perfection in the
open sunshine. Mushrooms should be
gathered soon after sunrise. Belect
some that have been spread open wide;
these are better for broiling thah the
"'button mushroom," which serve for
other ways of cooking.
Choose the largest mushrooms to be
had.. Peel and cut the stalks one-half
inch from the tops. BPaste well with
melted butter and sprinkle lightly with
pepper and salt. Heat the broiler very
hot. lay the mushrooms upon it with
the uppar side down; close itcarefully,
that the mushrooms may not be broken
and broil over a clear fire, turnink the
broiler first on one side and then on
the other. As soon as tender, w-hich
will be in about five minutes, open the
broiler, remove the mushrooms with
care and place on well-buttered slices
of thin toast which hlave been previ
ously prepared, or else on bread which
has been fried in butter. Pour over
the whole a sauce made of drawn but.
ter and hot water thickeaned to the
cosultozne of OrOl ,--U~k QI4 a
pubIcs
P. DEPIANADE,
The Up-to-Date Merchaut,
rJSt.aza BC1EE EiL .P----r
Groceries, Crockery,
Liquors, Willowware,
Fancy Goods.
F'~-eslat Stool4c !- Cheap Prices T
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHIAN.
DRUGGISTS,
-AND DEALERS IN
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
Fancy and Toilet Articles.
Bchool Books and Stationery. Base Ball Goods. Cigars
and Tobacco. 3leillier's Perfumes.
PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIGHT
P. DAMANAD & CO.,
LIQUORS,
Wines and Tobaccos,
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
-, ,
A. J. MOSS. A. EMILE MIOUTONT.
MOSS & MOUTON,
L UMBE R,
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
OFFICE AND YARD:
liear Railroad Depot, : : Lafayette, La.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles,
Sash, Blinds, Mouldings, etc.
TFETatgrozns, ClisterzsLa..
Screen Doors and Extension Screen Windows.
rI"'6YY LES.
Are the
Highest
of all
*High
Grades.
.., -
Warranted Superior to Any Bicycle Built in tb
PWorid, Regardless of Price.
Read the following opinion of one of the most prominent
American dealers who has sold hbndreds of these wheels:
hlln Fram e Wood Indliana Bircycle Co., Indianapolis, Ind m.:InmoD, A, October , .
1m. De.ab_eh lTr. Gentlemen--The WRaverly Scorcher and Belle came to hand mesterday.
scorher, wei zILLUSTRATE CATALO b FRE.
_poun..,_=, .ta .  , We are a:raid yi have setnt ut the Igh-prlced by lnIltke. You
I..ndi. ...antan us thnt his wheel retals fur $S We must ioy tlht 1
hteel Rims. Warverly is without ext'plhInn, the prettiest wheel we have ever seen, ran more
CllncherTires. wenIet oser, we have faith In it, although It weighs only X 2 pounds, foraii Waserlyer
24 pouns....... .00 we haIve sold this year and last (arnd on know tLta t is a right e. am
Seglar Frame, aanle ber we h:tv itcy, r had ; f8ranlle nor orlrk broken, either from iccidet, et
weights .. 5.00 defect. simd thnl( ii more tihan we cinrS for any oter wheel, howoerO
adies', Drop Fr ame hit grale, so-lended, that we sell. Wc uonaratulate ourselves every af
same eights and that we are the "tvaerly .agents. Yours Ire t.
1..'e......'....$i75.0 _ALTKR o. MERCVE a Co.
kdt M ,ott. 2,gd ILLUSTRATED CATALOcIUE FREE. '
Indiana Bicycle-7:
Indlanapotls, Indiatta."