c-:
Helped
_m.d bimit i -
S t Wail fIhe mamtiasm
S o of Salt IhBeum.
~ Spki lwas suRffering last summe,
a sevea.re lameness in his ara and ii
IAe patnful be could not sleep nights
` lleshg `tail strength in that arm and
h, him" him
4 It Was Rheumatisem
Ust did not do him any good. I anly
Shim to try Hood's Sarsaparila,
hap t~ban three bottles and the palt
Las dlef his arm. His strength is fads
e reag baok and his general health I.
a iasmproved. We fool very grateful
food's Sarsaparilla
. s the Only
sue Blood Purifier
ta beneeatHood's arsaparilla has been
; im. Last winter I was taken with a
~..rlbls itching and burning skin disease of
. t. m e kind.. It spread all over my back and
m.· as. Ialsohadterribleheadaches. Afte
al- a several bottles of Hood's Barsaparills
,. ave not been bothered since." Masi Hlirta
S8eems, DuMand, Mica .
Dyspepsia Cured
w I avsre been suffering from dyspepsia
. .l n last year and have tried diftereht
asdietlues but all to no purpose. I have
Qptesheard people talking of Hood's Vege
Sable bPillts, and was induced to buy a box.
ftuer trying them r was. greatly relieved
mad recommend them to all others similarly
dflote4," D. GoLDaCaU DT, 68 Second
iAve., New York City.
Hood's Pills Curo habit.ual contipa
t ,ion. Price 260. per box.
The 3 reatest Medical Discovery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY:
IIIALL KEIU EDY, of ROXBURY, MASS.,
eHas discovered in one of our common
rture weeds a remedy that cures every
ind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
to a comnion Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
, and never failed except in two cases
boththunder humor.) He has now in his
ion over two hundred certificates
value, all within twenty miles of
. Sand postal card for book.
eNt' f ., al,, eexperienced from the
' f rst bottle.  a ~erfecr cre is wuirran+ed
-hen the rignt ..entity is taketn.
Whet' the lungs are arfected it causcs
shootltg pains, like needles passing
m; th-spiaAamm;tlare Wvith tIie i~Vr or
Stfw' . This is caused by thc ducts be
gds asppt-ars ia
'i :the lsacle
If ti- stomach is foul or bilious It will
acsese sgaeamish feelings at first.
No change ofdiet ever necessary. Eat
"o0sbest you can get, and enough of it.
- Ddps one tablespoonful in water at bed
ti; . Sol. by all Druggists.
flirt wattw tldllla- ! t pr the at ae malvanisg sa leeiiet.
- i h sold 400 r ad the r o 00 a relloon. The
Lweek stg wi quote a prie oe the bea pImps ade
Gheed, wIed it faed lMUno e ower thee wa ever before
iwad ef- and the week fottoaog that we aI talk to r
Tie e r Compeey treat, the peblie gmeneodcl
,nLMae e.elteglaurim eare pw ltew o e.em repeair for
amlm.beh errat I. r A rarc TWT
e a. aw rae eAr . ass n SAR t.sm
siass e5tuarLL t e 55 5 tas ag55 5s ON Cets3
maarm sens PisA s Te USa iv coavams aacais
mel as I e ir-lae .0t r miP i rllt..
fiferm O Tea WAYrt rT COCLaW ge n stAlptttas
em. e-tled A Mo . 0u.to mnarO 'Ly MVwae
e taae«tesram-r mt
at 0ibe that th row atl t them easitr
-" ti"b is gardehA for. the protetion of ito
eae reptatio.. tlhe e"r- otac cmw eoybe. rtaisd
Mori at crtairn reairn jiust. aeoh to preaettblse
ýlrt. otmayrbash e  rwsteorCopn weaw eIh
Up ý ll~lll~lll~lli" ifAccidents wilt hOppen nid
Zwhn betis buytig as eIt
f-ma~e wits the elbtlry "! a folt ttoe of our egooeds 04
~- wtrtl atai Asinmotor C..a thore.
55 tsafter- dinner shine.
applied and .n pot.
L Oished witht at cloth.
an toc - \ ea
:-~brr sro.Pri~, CuromarY- eins.a
A ICULTURAL HINT
I PROTEST FROM MAINE.
a Dmen ssel idtm @eite t.'t Whey
*asme £oead" m tas eeaseed
E nlme winter mornilg the thighway
1 surveyor of strctlet Nt. 4 wakes up to
find all famlalrland-parks out of sight
beneath a thick covering of snow which,
it is more than likely, has drifted in
huge heaps across the highway wher
ever a fence, stone wall or cliap of
bushes has prevented the wind's unim
pided march. The highway surveyor,
mindful of the important part he plays
in maintaining the social trbrlo, wades
out to the barn to feed his cattle
"cattle" being a New-Eaglandism fort
a pair of oxen-which he yokes '.
after getting his own breakfast.
His method of breaking a road" is
m very simple. Under the front of Lyn
ii old-fashioned wood sled, with lobg
runners, he chains a stick of wood six
or eight inches in diameter, slips into
the sockets a sled stake ewo, to
hold on by, mounts the sli `dnd in
Lb vites Buck and Bright to get tjp steam.
SNow Buck and Bright deserve no small
o credit in this matter, for beside gener
L sting the motive power for the sled
'u they serve also as snow plows, plung
ing into drifts and breaking down the
Q snow to an extent that makes it com
paratively easy for the sled to main
tain an even keel, so to speak, even
when the drifts are very irregular in
)I construction.
- A little way down the road the high
s way surveyor will perhaps add a neigh
ot bor to his outfit, providing that the
id
at
is
is
"BRnaAKIxxo" A ROAD IN MAINE.
neighbor's taxes have not yet been
wholly "worked out." If the drifts
have been packed hard by the wind, it
may be necessary to break up the snow
-a little before Buck and Bright can get
"through, but the cattle are quite sure
to have the most of tihe work to their
credit when the road has been gone
g over.
All this may seem a rather primitive
.• and crude method of procedure, con
i sidering- the great importance of well
y kept highways, be the time of the year
a summer or winter; but from careful con
ration of the matter, I am not sure
t a better method for making win
| roads could be found. The flatiron
s shaped snow plow pushes the snow out
of the road andi piles it up at the
sides, making the road simply a trench
to be filled with drifting snow when
ever the wivil ' t,.w, whlch it does fre
quently unti energeti.alty. The sled
wththhe sztick '.'ndir r't. forward part
break3 through th. :',w and pushes
r it d..':, n, rla.ki.tug isa i, rzr footing for
Shors ~~lan could be gained in many
a nthher way;. Here and there other
In ta.uris pri r , bus a large portion of
our country roads are still made passa
ble in winter with the sled and oxen
that our grandfathers and great-grand
h fathers used. One of the "other meth
ods" prevails in the road that runs past
my own place. After every considera
ble fall of snow there appears a four
horse team drawing the most enormous
roller that, I think, was ever built. It
is made of plank and must be some
thing like nine feet in diameter, with a
heavy oak frame about it. The roller
is. long enough to make a road in
which two teams can travel abreast,
and where the snow is light, it packs 1
down very well indeed; but in hard
snow, enormous though its weight is,
it makes but little impression because
of its great extent of bearing surface.
The story is familiar which tells how
generation after generation of men
went to mill on horseback with a bag
thrown across the horse in front of the
rider, the "grist" in one end and a
stone in the other to balance it. When
asked why they did not throw the stone
away and put half the grain in one end
of the bag and half in the other to bal
ance it, the men of each succeeding
generation would declare that their
fathers used a rock, and that what was
good enough for their fathers was good
enough for them!
I am reminded of this story by the
way our towns go on year after year
paying out thousands of dollars for the
annual clearing of drifted winter 3
roads, instead of removing once for all
the causes of drifted roads-something
that is possible to a very large extent.
The cause of the formation of drifts is
usually a roadside stone wall, a board
fence, a clump of bushes, or some other
obstruction to the free play of the d
wind, that could easily be removed.
Many "crossroads" in my own state r
are every winter rendered nearly im- 1
passable for several months simply be- t
cause of the obstructing nature of the t
fences, walls and bushes at the sides v
of these roadas Let the bushes be cut b
asd light wooden or wire fences substi- .
tuted for those that now cause drifts, ,
and there would be far less need of 1
"breaking" roads constantly from the b
first of December to the last of March, v
as is the ease of many localities at pres- r
ent.-Webb Donnell, in Country Gen- a
tleman.
HORTICULTURAL NOTES. 0
GREAT extremes of cold and heat are
injurious to apple trees.
THE northwest, a writer remarks,
must have apple trees of a rugged na
tur.
Tas begonia likes the shade, a hint
that those with shaded yards can profiat
by.
Ix the south they heroically prune .
their peach trees in winter, leaving only b
the strong, healthy branches. s
IT is recommended, when cucumbers i
are grown on a small scale, to let, the d
vines run over small trees or bushes. A ti
great increase of fruit results.-Farm- it
er's Voice. k
An exchange thinks hedges should
be more common, as they are cheaper
than other kinds of fence. The hedge
is not growing in popularity. The av -
erage farmer votes them a nuisance. a
wab Good B@eds Ars Needed. o
The wheelmen have taken the lead 0
in demanding good country roads, and "
the construction of proper roads will 01
remove one of the chief objections to a
countrvresidence. Well-graded, smooth f
roads, properly drained and well cared b
for, are a public interest that demands F
universal attention. They are a priue i
factor of civulzation.-ioeview of Ro. at
views. 5e
FEEDING MILOi iOW&
Rew so matness.a aew Produeties
Threaghoesat see seas.
One of th taijotirint items in secur
r Ing the best profit frim the bows is to
have an even flow of milk well mainm
" tained tbroughdht the season. On many
, farms there ate cows that for a short
t sason after they come in fresh yield a
good fow of milk, but this soon be
1 gins to fail, especially if care is not
taken inthe feeding and management,
I and at *hAend of seven .eight months
the qurhtty they'i so small that
they sre allowed to go dry. Many
cows aie kept that if charged a fair
a price for the food they eat would not
- for their keep.
- he first important item is to have
Soo cows. Then they must be well
even in summer. While during
s growing season the pastures can be
I largely relied upon; it will pay to give
r also a light feed of bran and corn meal,
r or bran and middlings. Then in order
to make sure of a good supply of
2 cheap food it will also be a good plan
to plant some crop like sweet corn,
fodder corn, millet, sorghum, or some
1 thing of this kind that can be used at
any time when needed. There should
i be a change of feed occasionally, so
as to keep the coit with a good
appetite, as the more good food
the good dairy cow consumes the
more good milk she will give. It will
1 also be a good plan to divide the pas.
I tures so that she can be changed from
one to the'other at least every ten days.
- The cows will do much better than if
- they are compelled to depend upon one
5 pasture. Besides, by changing, there
will be less waste of feed. With all
animals there is a natural inclination
to eat the tender, sweeter growth, and
in doing this, when kept in one pas
ture, there will be more or less that
will grow up and mature seed. By
dividing up the pastures and changing
from one to the other, grass will all be
eaten down more evenly. There should
always be sweet, nutritious grasses in
the pastures, so that the cows can get
enough to satisfy their appetites with
out tramping too long or too far. The
quieter and more comfortable the cows
can be kept the better the results.
Feed to keep the cow in a good, thrifty
condition. It is not possible to make a
good dairy cow fat, but good treatment
will keep her in good condition. Her
food will be converted into milk rather
than flesh.-St. Louis Republic.
A LOG FEED RACK.
It Saves Lots of Hay and Can Be Pat Up
In a Few aMinutes.
This homemade feed-rack can be
constructed any desired length. The
lower portion is about seven feet wide.
The height depends on animals using
it. They mustreach the bottom easily.
The upper part is of sufficient width
to allow ample room between the top
log of the first part and the lower log
of the second part for stock to reach
down and get the feed. This method
is much more desirable than throwing
LOe FEED RBACK.
hay and other roughness upon the
ground. Nothing is wasted by being
pulled out and trampled under foot.
Put a large load of hay into this rack.
The stock eat it from the bottom as
needed and the upper portion settles
down as the feed is taken from be
neath.-Orange Judd Farmer.
A Flock for the Family.
Leaving out the matter of profit and
of selling eggs, there is much pleasure
in keeping a small flock of fowls for
family use. A few hens can be kept at
less cost, proportionately, than can a
large number, owing to the fact that
the scraps from the table are valuable.
No labor of consequence is necessary,
and when an account for the year is
kept the small flocks will be found to
have given quite a profit in the conver
sion of the waste material into eggs.
There is no way to procure eggs as
fresh and nice as those produced by
your own hens. If they are of a choice
breed, the pleasure will be the greater,
as well from pride in endeavoring to
excel as from the management.-Farm
and Fireside.
The Good Roads Movement.
Recent reports to the agricultural
department at Washington report a
marked degree of interest in the good
roads movement among the state legis
iatures. Gen. Roy Stone, in charge of
the bureau of road inquiry, has re
turned from California and Texas,
where large road conventions were
held, the former having concluded to
utilize convict labor in preparing road
materials. Several bulletins to stimu
late the movement will soon be issued
by the department. They will treat of
wide tires as bettering the condition of
roads, convict labor in making roads
and preparing road materials, and of
the messages of various state govern
ors on road questions.
Absorptlon of Odors by Milk I.
Parville relates some interesting
facts upon this subject. If a can of
milk is placed near an open vessel con
taining turpentine, the smeli of the 1
turpentine is soon communicated to
the milk. The same result occurs as
regards tobacco, paraffine, asafoetida, I
camphor and many other strong- I
smelling substances. Milk should also
be kept a distance from every volatile
substance, and milk which has stood
in a sick chamber should never be
drunk. The power of milk to disguise
the taste of drugs-as potassium
iodide, opium, salicylate, etc.-is well
known.-London Public Opinion.
How to Prune Flowerlng shrubs.
The proper system of pruning flow- I
oring shrubs, according to the best of
authority, is one that will induce an
abundance of young wood, and this can
only be accomplished by the trimming
out of all two-year-old growth-that
which has already flowered-cutting
out the old shoots close to the ground, t
so that the new growth will push out
from the root of the plant. If the
bush makes too strong and rank a
growth, a moderate amount of pruning
in winter will not lessen the bloom to
any extent, especially as the extreme
ends of the young wood do not fowery.
5
ImCHGAN'S BENEFACTR
. An Oft Repented etory of True
SPbilaathrop7.
What Chins. . maeimey Mae Dens See
Wheste M ihaalla.
( tvems resa aspite, IeA., WunPa )r
The most beautiful spot in all this ety is
SInseparably oaeioated with the -ame of
SRackley. Chas. H. ackley uhas been in the
b lumber buaslnes here continuounly since
r 1856 and in that time has amassed a fortune
r which gives him a rating among thowealthy
b men of the bhtiton But with wealth there
did not come that tightening of the purs
strings which Is generally a marked char
acteristio of wealthy men.
It is not a wonder then that the name of
r Charles H. Rackley is known at home anad
I abroad. His mulflcence to Muakegon alone
a represents an outlay of nearly half a million.
For the past twenty years he has been a
S-constant sufferer from neuralgia and rheu
i matism, also numbness of the lower limbs,
so much so that it has seriously interfered
with his pleasure in life. Por some time
past his friends have noticed that he has
Seemed to grow young again and to have
t recovered the health which he had in youth.
1 To a reporter for the Press Mr. Hackley
explained the secret of this transformation.
"I have sunered for over Di years," he said,
'with pains in my lower limbs so severely,
that the only relief I could get at night was
by putting cold water compresses on my
limbs. Iwas bothered more at night than
in the day time. The neuralgic and rheu*
a matic pains in my limbs, which had been
. growing in intensity for years, uoially be.
f came chronic. I made three trips to the
a Hot Springs with only partial relief and
s then fell back to my original state. 1
I couldn't sit still and my sufferings began to
make life look very blue. Two years age
Slast September I noticed an aocount of Dr
I Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People and
r what they had done for others, and some
ases so nearly resembled mine that I was
so I wroteto one who had gives
V a testimonia an eminent professorofmusic
in Canada. The reply I received was ever
stronger than the printed testimonial and i'
gave me faith in the medicine.
'"I began taking the pills and found them
Sto be all that the professor had told me thej
t would be. It was two or three months be
fore I experienced any perceptible better
ment of my condition. Ivy disease was o0
5 such long standing that I did not expect
Sspeed recovery and was thankful even tc
be releved. I progressed rapidly, however;
towards recoveryand for thelasf ix months
V have felt myself a perfectly well man. I
a have recommended the pills to many people
t and am only too glad to assist others to
health through the medium of this wonder
r ful medicine. I cannot say too much for
r what it has done for me."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain all the
elements necessary to give new life and
richness to the blood and restore shattered
nerves. They are for sale by all druggists
or may be had by mail from Dr. Williams'
MedicineCeompany, Schenectady, N. Y., for
oe. per box, or six boxes for 82 ~O.
Ax actress appearing in Johnstown, Pa.,
recently was referred to by the local press
as a favorite in that city. The paper re
marked: "She appeared hero just before
the flood."- The actress has erased Johns
town from her inap.-Dramatic Mirror.
"I snorUn have you know, sir, that I am
a Londoner, as I was born in London."
"But I, sir was born in Cork, and I am a
Corker "-Boston Globe.
Thie Hot Springs of South Dakoet.
The following letter from Mr. W. M. Ty
son, Commander of the PennSylvania Sol
dier and Sailors' Home at Erie, Pa., writ
ten on his return home, after a stay of some
weeks at Hot Springs, South Dakota, indi
cates that the p' rings are in a fair way to
become one of the leading health resorts of
the country:
Etrs, PA., Feb. 28, 1895.
Col. Faun EvAns, Prop,
"Evans Hotel,"' lot Springs, 8. D.
Dear Sir: Among the many who have
been benefited by treatment at the Hot
Springs, S. D., and have experienced courte
ous hospitality at your bands, I claim the
right to say a wvord in behalf of the Springs
as a health resort, and cannot do better than
to state the facts in my own case.
I left Erie, Pa., about November 1, 1894
my friends at the time doubting whether I
would ever recover my health. I arrived at
Hot Springs so weak and disheartened that
it required aid to leave the cars and reach
the hotel. For the first two weeks I felt no
improvement. Thou I experienced a change,
which continued until my departure, and re
turned to my home very much stronger,
and almost free from pain.
I do not hesitate to say to anyone seeking
relief from pain, and desiring West, that I do
not believe there is any place whore an in-1
valid can go and find so many advantages,
such as healing waters, pure air, grand
mountain scenery and comfortable hotel so-1
commodations, as Hot Springs, S. D. The
elegant Evans Hotel is equipped with every
provision for comfort, and all that goes to
make one feel at home. I am so thoroughly
convinced of the many advantages to be
"ound at your locat.l~n, that it is a pleasure
for me to recommend the Hot Springs to I
invalids, and to those seeking amusement 1
as well as health.
Wishing you every success, and that Hot
Springs may become better known and ap
preciated, I am Truly yours
(Si ned) W. . Trysox.
The Hot Springs of South Dakota are
reached directly by the Burlington Route. 7
BurrToos-"The count gave me a dollar to
tell him truthfully if Miss de Riche was at
home." The Maid-"And did you?" But
tons-"Not much I I told Miss de Riche
aboutit, and she gave me a dollar to tel'
him she was out. "-B3rooklyn Life.
BLtons-"Why do you call your elevator 1
boy 'eatherst" Slobbs-Because I'm tired ý
of calling him down."-Philadelphia Ree
ord.
STATE or OmIo, Cres- or 'ox uoL
Lucas CouaVr.
FRANK J. CaEnyS makes oath that be is
the senior partnerof thefirm ofF.J. Cuesury
& Co., doing business in the City of Toledo
County and State aforesaid and that said
Afirm will pay the sum of oiN WUNDRED DOL*
Lans for each andevery case ofCatarrh that
cannotsbecuredbytheuse of HALL'rsCATAR*Ra
Craa. FanxK J. CuxwNx.
8worn to before me and subscribed in my
prosence, thisg6thdayof December,A. D. 186l
I__ A. W. (*r.soN
.lVNotary Publfbe.
Hall's Catarrh Cure !s taken Internally and
acts directly on the blood and mucous sur
acesof the system. 3end fortestimoniaa1
free. F. J. Cnawarnt & Co, Toledo, O.
IrTennyson wrote "The Charge of the
Light Brigade" just after receiving his gas
bi, he was perfectly justifl able.-Texas
It is to have strong nerves, and how many
are denied it They to whom natare has
been niggard in this respect can enjoy nerve
vigor and quietude if they use Hostetter's
Btomach Bitters, one of thie lnesl nervines
and tonics in e-istence. - Dyspepsia, a pro
llflcsource of nerve inquietnllde, is invari
ably overcome by this genial medicine,
which is also potent as a remedy for ma
laral and kidney trouble and constipation.
A na_ may be as honest nethe day is long,
and stitl do a great deal of mischief -during
the night-Texas Sittings.
Best of All
To cleanse the system in a gentle and truly
beneficial manner, when the springtime
comes, use the true and perfect remedy,
Syrup of 'igs. One bottle will answer for
nU the famely and costs only 50 cents; the
large size Si. Try it and be pleased. Mann
factured by the California Fig Syrup Co.
only.
"'Aa you an amateur photographer I
"No. Wy do you ask ' ""Oi, I heard that
you got Miss &ox's negative last right'."-
yracuse Post.
tRs. W-Tvs-"Don't -o ever do any.
thingat q" "rlit" Weary atkins--"Oh, ,es,
mum. Sometmes i does tlme."--Indan.
apols Journal
I cannot speak too highly of Piso's Cure
for Consum ,tion.--MLrs. FPRaNK Manns, 215
W. ~rd St., New York, Oct. 29, 11s4
TnRs aore some ecmmunities in whie
Solomon would not have been cOnsidor0
smart.-flam's Horn.
lx the aangmaeasets of marriages
Ia Spain, the ages .y the contracting
parties are lway. gives.
BAnam eof wine, aeahoes, scythes
in fact all kinlid of merhaadie-are
monveyed by the post ofloe department.
IT it the eastom for house builders in
Germany to leave small flat place on
the roof of each hoase, for storks to
tesa and buldA on.
aANoa has offered x100.000,000 to
King Leopold for the Congo Free State,
in ease Belgium will not take it, ao
cording to Berlin-reports.
SpBix has just ordered that all
steamers Myinlathe ppanish fag or sub
sidized by the bovernment shall in fu
ture carry none but Spanish. engineers.
The prevailing practice is to carry at
least two British engineers, and for
merly all were British.
GaunAxu's proposal for the establish
ment of'international postage stamps
is being ezsmigpd by 'the British post
offie authorities. juch a stamp would
enable correspondents to inclose re
turn postage for their answers, which
they now cannot do. The principle has
already been adopted in the interns
Mtial return postal eard
ECHOES OF THE RAIL.
Tar last general assembly of Ala
Sbama passed an act which makes train
robbery in that state punishable by
death.
AN English inventor has invented an
automatic air brake in which the weight
of the train supplies the power to set
the brakes. - -
Tan railroad and warehouse commis
sion of Illinois has given an opinion
that one road cannot be made to fur
nisheterminal facilities for another.
Ma. LeSLIE , the inventor of the ro
tory snowplow, states that one of these
machines is now being built in Copen
hagen to be sent to Russia. The Union
Pacifie now has six of them.
IT is estimated that the Lackawanna
stores more ice for summer use than
any other road in the country. The
number of tons harvested by the com
pany is said to be nearly 2,000,000.
Tmn Bullock bill fixing street car
fares in New Jersey at three cents be
tween the hours of five and seven
o'clock in the morning and evening was
disposed of by an adverse committee re
port.
Tun Southern Railway company is
said to have revoked the order for
building new shops at Atlanta, Ga.,
owing to a number of suits for damages
instituted by property owners in the
vicinity of the shops.
Ir the estimate is correct that the aco
cumulated snow in Chicago weighed
550,000,000 tons, it may be of interest to
know it would have taken the twenty
two Chicago roads thirty-four years to
carry it away, if they took as many
tons as they ordinarily do of all kinds
of freight.
Tax longest, largest and strongest
bone in the human system is the
femur, or thigh bone.
When ea Want a Thresher.
Horse Power, Swinging or Wind Stacker,
Saw Mill, Self Feeder or an Engine, ad. I
dress the J. I. Cass T. M. Co.. Racine, Wis.
They have the largest Threshing Machine
pltntin the world, and their implements may
be relied upon as the best. Business estab
lished 1842. Illustrated catalogue mailed free.
NOTNGuo is so brave as love.-Ram's
florn.
Call It a Craze.
AN ALARMING STATEMENT
CONCERNING WOMEN.
HOW BAD HABITS ARE FORMED.
The Nee York Tbibusea mys: The habit of
taking ,headache powders' is increasing to as
alarming extent among a great number of wo
men throughout the ountry. These powders as
their mine indicates. are claimed by the manu
facturers to be a positive and speedy cure frr ae
form of headache. In many cases their chie?
ingredient is morphine, opium, cocaine or some
other equally injurious drug having a tendenuc
to deaden paiý The habit of takiug them is
easily formed, but almost impossible to shake
off women usually begin taking them to re
lieve a raging headache and soon resort to the
powder to alleviate any little pain or ache they
may be subjected to. and finally like the inor
p.iine or opium fend. get into the habit oftakling
them regularly, imagining that they are in pain
if they happen to smas their regular dose.'
In nine cases out of ten, the trouble is
in the stomach and liver. Take a simple
laxative and liver tonic and remove the
offending matter which deranges the
stomach and causes the headache. Dr.
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are composed
entirely of the purest, concentrated,
vegetable extracts. One Pellet is a
dose; sugarcoated, easily swallowed;
once used, always sn favor. They posi
tively cure sick headache and remove
the disposition to it.
infreqnently have an at
tarck of the headache.
It usually comes on in
the forenoon. At my
dinner I eat my regular
meal, end take one or
two of Doctor Pierce's
no bad efiectS. I feel
S better e way for
having taken them-
not worse, as is usual
after taking other kLinds
of pills. 'Pleasant Pel
lets' sre worth oire
3. VazOaos. Bag. Chastoe ar headache."
Weak Mothers
and all women who are nursing babies, derive almost incon
ceivable benefits from the nourishing properties of
m Etts mulsion
This is the r ost nourishing food known to science. It en
riches the mother's milk and gives her strength. It also
makes babies fat and gives more nourishment to growing
children than all the rest of the food they eat.
Soott's Emulsion has been prescribed by physicians for
twenty years for Rickets, atasmnus, Wasting Diseases of Children,
Coughs, Oolds,'Weak Lungs, Emaciation and Oonsumption.
Send for parphlet on Scott's Emulsion. FREE.
Soott , own ,. Y. All Druggiste. 50 oents and SI.
.N *ll receipts forC cookifng
requiring a leavening agent
the ROYAL BAKING
POWDER," because it is an
absolutely pure cream of tartar
powder and of 33 per cent.
greater leavening strength than
other powders, will give the
best results.. It will make the
food lighter, sweeter, of finer
flavor and miore wholesome.
ROYAL BAKING POWDER 00., 106 WALL ST., NEW-YORK.
i 2dnaedmmitdath~ltdlWs~t
ASTRONOMICAL RESEARCHES.
URAnus is really a gigantic world,
more than sixty times a. large as ours.
Its vast distance, now about 1,700,000,
000 miles from the earth, is what causes
it to look so small.
IT Is dur to the dust that the heav
ens are blue. We see the sunlight re
flected by every particle of dust. There
is nothing but the dust between us and
the sun to transmit its light to us.
Mao uwa must get much more heat
from the sun than the earth does, since
it is so much nearer to the sun. If
there were living creatures on Mercury
the sun must also look much larger to
them than it does to us.
IIEzRmeu. calculated the total
weight of the atmosphere at eleven and
two-thirds trillions of pounds; and yet
with this inconceivably vast weight it
is only one one-million two hundred
thousandth of the weight of the earth
itself.
BABzIE should never put a gift horse in
the mouth.-Puck.
HEALS
RUNNING
S
SORES
S
CURES THE
SERPENT'S
STING S
COiMTAGIOUS n alits stages
BLOOD P N , completely cradicat
BLOOD PISOlb S.S.S. Obsti
ulcers yield to its healing powers. It re
moves the poison and builds up the system
veim s wi acedicaue .c d s t :aClo I w`
Tell Your Wife
that you have
read that Clair
ette Soap is
one of the
greatest labor
saving inven
tions of the
time. Tell
her that it
will save her
strength, save
her time, save
her clothes. -
The merits of
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
appeal at once to every thoughtful woman. It's the best, purest. and
most economical soap to be procured. Soldeverywhere. Made only by
The N. K. Falrbanhk Company, St. Louis.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
"Sousrriza," satdd Uncle Eben, "when a
man tells yoh e's discouraged be dosn
mean nuifin' bj it ,oeppin' alt he'b 'boul
made up his rin,' tr b good an' lazy d
lro' of his life."-Washington Star.
zDD-a-"Miss Arress is not at home so.
Will ye lveor namoe?" M. P. Kewn-"IAc
you think ohe would take itt"-Chicago
Dispatch.
L yucL.As
D. COUDOA.N
:z ellr -s A ia.
ea4u CAKmAuawM
*SAPPOUCE.asmoLw
*gg.2: WORKIN6MIwgk
*nL#Lw ovsmaune
overoae MlUes P ee. wear the
W. L. Douglas $3 & $4 Shoes
All our shoes are equally satilsactory.
Tey give ith beat value feor the ase.
Tee equal a ustem Shoes bs stylk ad
g·r re quaie uere unsrpsi.
hprice are u lorm.--atam on ae: -
Frew SI o $3sved ever other mnadr.
If your dealer cannot supply you we can.
WALTER BAKER & CO.
ThLe Larges Mtantmueterer o
PURE. HIGH GRADr
COCOAS AND CHOCOLATES
ethis Cesiseat. have gsedvsg
HIGHEST AWARDS
Industrial and Food
EXPOSITIONS
In Europe and America.
Ule or ogtr Chýmicr]Dye.m
mgLsat amdea.e l.si Iesm m 4erp.
SOLD - W e1OCRas sVRIWe .,
WALTkIfh ER&SG. DOICHESTELR MAS
McELRE3S'
WINE OF CARDUI.
For Female Ulsease ..
SON iA 'UIUW3 ? os L. 3m .
.m- mi. wa....tu m . $ +.. .i
A. N. E., B 16
wUv ..... Am s0 £s
-q ths ~ w m