HE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
OLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, MARCH 17, 1894. NUMBER 2.
TLE LOVE OP MINL
r little maid
who elaims me for her knight,
rm half afraid
wshate'er I do is right.
Why I may not tell.
while I am twenty-nine.
love each other well,
hs little love of mine.
:t. slender, lissome form.
ayes where trust and truth abide,
mouth where kisses swarm.
heeks where dimples deftly hide,
S she borrowed from the skies
, se rare hour of summer time.
.sweet or sqrious, glad or wise,
:nits this little love of mine.
e petites the little queen.
to forgive as to command,
tiest monarch ever seen,
',aeps her subjects well in hand,
ppinosa her only task.
ru ials by childhood's right divine.
her kingdom none may ask
'.aa has this little love of mine.
.7 hsadary of her empire lies
4; -dome's fair walls: her wealth untold.
16yelight in her mother's eyes,
V-treasure greater far than gold.
panning over is her cup
h love's most rare and costly wine.
Adisabe--she Rayly drinks it up,
hebarming little love of mine.
• :' * W be the draught I wish the hours
" bring her what she most may prize,
S:-  ;iewy dawns, and fragrant flowers,
S.... light wind calling to the skies;
:'.:am'y soul mnight win the bliss
b ,-. ega boon from Faether Time,
.b . ol boto leave her as she Is,
T.his 'ainty little love of mine.
' -ss. Deforrds. in Youth's Companion
°i HUNTRESS OF INDIA.
Er Vt-otorlous Encounter with a
Bavagro Man-Eater.
Mrs. A. WV. Salmon, wife of an of
SLeer in the Indian police, enjoys thedis
tinction of being one of the few ladies
who have sought for and found a genu
ine man-eating tiger and laid the king of
the jungle low, unaided by hunters of
the sterner sex. Mrs. Salmon has had
the pleasure of bagging two of these
fierce brutes, and has also shot a
panther and any number of smaller
.-f such as jackals and deer.
-. Mrs. Salmon is at present visiting
some old friends in San Francisco. and
told a reporter tie story of how she
Sehotand killed a ten-foot man eater up
in the Nilgherry hills, in the Madras
district.
"I first went to India in 1883, and
:during the seven years of my stay
there I traveled nearly all the time.
My husband was continually on the
move, and I was always with him when
possible.
," t'Jefore I went to India I passed two
- :ears in the western part of the United
- Sitates, and I had learned to use a rifle
pp ' tty well, and I often tried my skill
- on Jackals, deer and such animals as we
Smet on our trips front place to place
S through the jungle. The hills around
t.he sanitarium are covered with heavy
.:' ahr and long grass, and as a rule are
th--.- ,tlier free from tigers, but that sum
Sner the heat was so great that, like
ourselves, the big man-eaters sought
. thse-tils, and soon after we got settled
Sdown the natives began to bring in
stories of tigers which had been seen
-i-n-the vicinity.
- "My favorite weapon was an A meri
ean Winchester repeating rifle-one of
those 44-caliber guns which seem to be
a favorite with American hunters. Be
siden this I had a heavier rifle-also a
Winchester-and it was with this rifle
that I bagged my big tiger.
"'During the summer of 1886 a party
:iof my husband's i-lends, who were
stopping at the Ootacamund sanitari
um, 'way up in the Nilgherry hills, in
vited us up on a visit, and, as the heat
in the lower country was simply ter
rific, we gladly accepted the invitation.
SLittle was thought of the story until
one morning when the mail carrier
failed to appear, and when a little
lesther pouch in which he carried his
letters. and his stick of bells used to
scare away wild animals in the jungle
were found in the road about eight
,--~ ailes.fror the sanitarium, the gentle
men began to clean up their guns and
talk tiger.
.: "Several hunting parties went out,
but in spite of the most thorough search
not a single tiger could be found, and
- then the excitement began to die down.
- The birthday of one of the gentlemen
was celebrated by a picnic to a spot on
'the banks of the l'ycarra river about
twelve-- miles from the sanitarium,
where we intended staying a week.
The camp, which consisted of seven
- teits, was set up in the wildest spot
. imaginable, and we had a very pleasant
time until the fourth day, when Capt.
. ys, who went out gunning with an
:oAher gentleman, had the misfortune
- to fall in a huilah and injure himself
1so badly that he could not get out. His
"tompason hurried back to camp for
as aistance, and as the scene of the ac
cident *as not m.re than half a mile
. -tr;n the camp, all the gentlemen went
al.S ng, leaving the ladies in care of a
.cou'pre of men servants.
"-Thiaking that hot water might be
"requdired when Capt. Rays was brought
-:'to camp, one of the ladies sent An
o : ty, one of the servants, to the river,
--.:\.l.e.-more than one hundred yards
l- _l; ay, to fill a water jar. A few mo
-"iieiats after the servant had started we
e':*;6 " "startled by a wild cry forhelp,
ad-':-"d-then all was quiet again. Think
i'- ~ that" the man had been attacked by
•.a -jakal. I seized my heaviest gun and
io down the path toward the river.
'-Thie low brush hid everything from my
. ght, until I had reached a point about
*1 *euty yards from the river, and there
w -- " -,jsomething that made me tremble
i-i. e 0on the bank of the river lay
":~ f- - Afnthoaby, and by his side, licking
,s.~llS Im!ooi hfrom her paws, was a big tig
" I fewinf moments the sight fair
my blood, and then a sense of
S danger and the thought that
be the next viptim, filled my
p to this time I. forgot that I
my hand, and then came
to try ay .akill, with the
Starget- All thought of
rehilt would be should I
1 ssloronly wound the big
u from my mind as I saw
Sb titk Up the body of
........................
steps, put It doWn again and eagerly
lick the blood that flowed from the
wounds made by its sharp, cruel teeth.
"As gently as possibie I drew back
the hammer and raised the rifle to my
shoulder, and taking aim directly at
the tigress' ear 1 pulled the trigger.
As the report rang out it seemed to me
as if a score of hungry tigers sprang at
me from every rock and bush, but this
passed away in an instant, and after
reloading the rifle I took a look at the
tigress. She was still stretched beside
the body of the man, but the po.werful
limbs were motionless, and the head
was resting in the man's thigh. That
I had killed the animal at the first shot
never entered my head, and I sent a
couple more shots into its body as fast
as could, but the first shot had settled I
the businessE
"Upon making sure that the. animal
was dead I turned to walk back to the
tents, when I heard the scream of a
tiger cat, which seemed to come from
some brush a short distance btj the
river. I am very foolieh to any it, but
I don't think a dozen tigers could have
frightened me then, and I at once
started toward the spot from where
the cries came. At first I ieotld see
nothing, but after a tb18e search, dur
ing which I took care not to venture
too close to the bushes, I caught sight
of. a half-grown tiger cub crouch
ing in the grass and eyeing me as if
waiting for me to get a little closet. I
was then rather too close for comfort,
and I quickly raised the rifle and fired.
"The cub was facing me and the bul
let glanced from its forehead and only e
partially stunned it. The tiger dropped
to the ground flat and then rose to its
feet, but instead of rushing for me, as I
expected it to do, it began to walk
away. This gave me a good show at its
side and I fired again. The ttier fell,
rose and then tried to rush at me, but
its strength was gone, and before it had
taken a dozen steps it sank to the
ground and rolled over on its side.
"The noise of the shooting wsas heard
by my husband, who hurried back to
camp, wondering what was the matter.
Learning' from the other ladies that 1
had gone out alone and that the shoot
ing had taken place down near the
river, he hurried down and met me on t
the way. He was fairly horrified when i
I pointed to the dead cub and could
hardly believe his eyes, but when I
told him the mother had killed poor
Anthony and that her body and that
of our poor servant were lying r.n the
bank of the river, he was speenchless
with surprise. He took me back to
camp, and when the other gentleman ar
rived with Capt. Hays and the story of
my encounter with two tigers was
told it was decided to break camp at
once and return to the sanitarium.
"Poor Anthony was buried, and the
tigers were skinned and the trophies,
with heads and claws attached, were
sent to Madras and placed on exhibi
tion. The notoriety I gained was any
thing but pleasant, and made me sorrs
that I had ever learned to handle a rifle.r
"After that I got an invitation to join =
every hunting party got up in that part I
of the country and was bothered to d
death by newspaper men, who would B
persist in having me tell the story a t
dozen times a week. t
"Six weeks after I bagged my tigers 1
I, while out with a party got up by the
sultan of Hyderabad, bagged a hand
some panther and a spotted deer, and a
few days after I received a check for 1
one hundred and fifty rupees as a bounty .
for killing the tigers and the panther.'
-San Francisco Examiner. t
Artless Childhood.
One of the artless and attractive
characteristics of children is their easy
intimacy with Heaven and the Deity.
When a little mite at Sunday-school or
out of it, indeed, is asked a question
whose answer is beyond him he is very
apt to fall back upon the Maker of L
Heaven and earth, often with most
amusing incongruity. A little girl who I
wanted to go out and play one Sunday
recently was told she might sit on the
stoop but could not go into the street.
She trundled her little chair out ac
cordingly, but at the end of a few min- n
utes trundled it back again. "There t
is nobody out there but Dod." she an- 1
nounced, "and I tan't see him, so I
tummed in."
Another little girl, a six-year-old,
who could not play a note, seated her- n
self at the piano to entertain a caller
waiting for her mother. t
"Shall I play for you?" she inquired, f
with much affectation of manner.
"Would you like to hear a waltz?"
"Yes," replied the visitor, "very
much. What can you play?"
"Well," was the answer, with a com- r
placent toss of the head, "I can play a
two or three, but my favorite waltz is t
the Kingdom of Heaven."- Waverley.
Frightful Symptom.
Nobody went to the world's fair
without learning something. Indeed,
the more the visitor knew before, the C
more he learned. One man made a
startling discovery about himselt. c
He was a gentleman from the far east 1
In attendance upon the congress of re
ligions, where he was seated upon the r
platform. Presently a man who sat 6
near him perceived that he was get- t
tthg uncomfortable about something t
or other. He shifted uneasily in his '
chair, and now and then pursed up his "
lips and expelled his breath slowly.
By and by he leaned over to this ob
servant neighbor, and whispered that t
he thought he should have to go out. a
"What is the matter?" asked the ,
neighbor. b
"I do not know," said the Oriental. b
"Something is wrong. I do not know
what to make of it. See how my a
breath smokesr"
lIe exhaled a long breath-a cloud of ,
white vapor-to show what he meant .
He had never seen his breath before, d
and was greatly relieved when the
cause of the phenomenon was ex
plained to him.-Y outh's Companion. a
-What Papa Said---John --"''VWhat did
the old man say when you asked him n
for his daughter?" Willie- "ie didn't 8
say a word; he whistled for the dog."~
Detroit Free Press.I
-The royal palaces and public works, n
seho as roads, fortifcations, streets, h
et @ of 8IIU Rl'r ve eat 0uo,0oo,o9o 0
THE TREASURY DEFICIT.
Frotection and Republicam i xtrava3gae
the cause.
The dotleit now existing in the United
States treasury is the direct result of
republican legislation and republican
administration, not of ofe republican
Sadministratio but as the legitimat6
result of thiel plication of false eco'
nomic theories applied ye~i~ after year
in more and more extreme fbrm. and of
false ideas of the purpose and office of
government.
But even yet protection and paternal
ism has not borne its worst fruits.
About two more republican adininis
trations, without b democratic interval
for repairs and reform, would have
been required to undermine and de
stroy all the principles upon which the
Iovernment of this republic was origi
nally founded, and to banktrupt the na
tion and bring about revolutond.
d'The vays ahd mneans committee of
the house of representatives is supposed
to frame laws and devise methods for
raising revenue to defray the public ex
penses of the nation, and the appr9pria
i tions cotntilitte. supervises the nation
iL1 expenditures, and both committees
are supposed to give careful attention
to the necessities of the government
and to conform the revenues and the
appropriations thereto; but in the last
republican congress the needs of the
government did not enter into the cal
culations or control the legislation
planned and directed by either commit
tee.
The waye and means committee, pre
sided over by Mr. McKinley, framed a
bill bearing the name of its chairman,
which was cunningly devised to oper
ate in restraint of trade by prohibit
ing, so far as possible, all foreign im
portations, and securing the control of
American maricets to domestic trusts
and monopolies organized to force
down the prices of the farmer*'s raw
products in his hands, and increase the
prices of food products to the consumer,
and rob and tax for their own private
gains the masses of the people upon all
articles of manufacture which by aid
of a prohibitive tariff these trusts were
enabled absolutely to control.
The first step in the development of
the protective, or trade prohibitive,
idea was based upon the constitutional
right of the government to levy a tariff
for reven tes. If such a tariff afforded
incidental protection to home manu
facturers it could not be successfully
attacked as unconstitutional, because
its chief object was to raise revenue for
the support of the government.
But gradually the trade monopolists
grew bolder, and their political tools
advanced and extended the doctrine of
protection, pure and simple, intrench-.
ing it behind the revenue idea, but ap
plying it in a manner to work restraint
of trade and foster monopoly. Every
"'protected" industry demanded more,
and so long as any importations what
ever were possible under any tariff
schedule, this fact was urged as a
reason for increasing the tariff tax to a
rate which should worlk absolute pro
hibition of imports. And as, under this
doctrine, all articles which could not be
grown or manufactured in this-coun
try were placed on the free list and not
taxed at all, the tendency was constant
ly to decrease the amount of revenue
while increasing the t*ibute that the
people were compelled to pay to pri
vate monopolies for all necessaries of
life except those not produced at home
in sufficient quantities; and even upon
sugar, though freed from tariff taxa
tion, they were compelled to pay a tax
in the form of a bounty to the home
producer.
The crowning infamy in the develop
ment of this system was the McKinley
bill, which, coupled with the extrava
gant appropriations of the Reed con
gress, is directly responsible for the
present dangerous condition of the
United States treasury.
The McKinley bill is framed to pre
vent the accumulation of revenue, by
prohibiting importations, and thus to
work restraint of trade. The people
will remember that it is the McKinley
law, now in force, which fails by ten
million dollars every month to provide
the treasury with sufficient means to
meet the obligations that were created
at the same time by a republican con
gress; while the people, because of this
same McKinley law, are forced to pay
millions into the coffers of trusts and
monopolies, which sums. if paid into
the national treasury instead, would
fill it constantly to overflowing and
soon extinguish the national debt.
At the common law, a contract in re
straint of trade is void, as being
against public policy and welfare; but
republican legislation has legalized
and encouraged restraint of trade to
the injury of the public welfare.
It is this condition of things, made
almost impregnable by long success,
with which the present democratic ad
ministration has to deal. It requires
courage and hard fighting to bring
about reform, and it demands the exer
cise of patience on the part of the peo
ple. Great reforms are accomplished
gradually, and so it will be with tariff
reform. We must patiently but per
sistently and steadily undo the wrongs
that have been done to the people, in
the name of specious, but false and
vicious principles and doctrines. -Kan
sas City Times.
Cause ef the Deflelit.
Republican tariff legislation injured
trade and reduced revenues. Republic
an extravagance wiped out the surplus
and substituted a deficit. Republican
bullion buying made the mass of idle
bullion a menace to the silver market
and to the stability of the currency.
Hence the panic. Secretary Carlisle
tells the senate committee on finance
what the republican panic has done for
the treasury. Expenditures go on un
der republican laws, and revenues fall
off as a consequence of other republic
an laws. Reed and McKinley tried to
make tarif reform an impossibility.
They did not succeed, but they have
made a mess of the fiscal affairs of the
governnent.--St. Louis Republic.
- Secretary Carlisle, finding that
congress is not disposed to help him in
maintaining the necessary gold reserve,
has concluded to help himselL This Is
* very sane and satisfactory 4edrmiwa.g
liea.--Philadelp~da Be-os
WHAT IT MEANS.
Demeesattle LesglstIoe on te egasr
Questloes.
The days of taxed sugar and a sukb
aldited sugar trust are numbered. The
day of an untated breakfast table for
the poor man is at hand.
Though the republican and assistant
repniblicant obstrucetionists have man
aged to involve the house in an un
seemly tangle, there is no obscurity in
the measure which was passed the oth
er day in committee of the whole by a
vote of 161 to 8t. The bounty is abol
ished outright, and all sugar, raw and
refined, is to be free. Such is the meas
ure which a democratic congress will
undoubtedly give to the country.
How could a democratic congress do
less? In a democratic tariff formed on
the theory that all tariffs are evil,
there is no place for a tai.on an article
which appears first in the list of plain
necessities of every household. In a
scheme for the honest and economical
administration of government there is
no money to be taken from a depleted
treasury to enrich a robber trust, to
burden the poor with an insidious and
widely disseminated tax in the interest
of a coterie of millionaires-that is Mc
Kinleyism; it has no place in demo
cratic legislation,
The sacrifice of revenue due to the
abandonment of the tax on sugar will
be very large, but from its total are to I
be subtracted the millions heretofore
paid in bounties. The difference willi
stiil be large, but were it fourfold
what it is the necessity for the repeal
would be no less urgent Indeed, the
virtue of the new legislation is proved
by the character of those who oppose
it. It is the plutocracy of both parties
that recoils from the proposition to lift
this burden from the common people,
because at length the plutocrats, dewo- I
cratic as well as republican, realize
that the-deficit thus created must be
made good by a tax upon their own
superfluities. Free sugar is hateful to
the heartless and unpatriotic rich be
cause it means taxed incomes. It
means the unmasking of hidden wealth
which has never paid its own share to
taxation, but compelled poverty to
bear the unequal burden. No man
whose income is now far in excess of
four thousand dollars will feel a
ffeather's weight of the new burden.
fHow many wage earners of America
derive that sum Irom their labors? How
many merchants, how many profession
al men? Count them and you will
have the number of those whose taxes
the poor man has been paying, but
will shortly pay no more.-Chicago
Times.
THE PENSION FRAUDS.
An Inevitable Ontcome of Ruinous SLe
publican Methods.
Following close upon the discovery of
extensive pension frauds in WVest Vir
ginia, Iowa, Nebraska and Baltimore
comes the announcement that a single
Buffalo pension agent has fraudulently
secured for pensioners at least one mil
lion dollars and that "this is only the.
beginning of the unearthing of the most
gigantic frauds ever perpetrated in the
pension department.'"
These frauds are the natural, legiti
mate, inevitable outcome of the Tan
ner-Raum methods of "busting the sur
plus." The profligacy of congress in
the matter of pension legislation has
almost justified pension agents and
others in holding that any scheme for
looting the treasury is justifiable pro
vided it is in the name of the "old sol
dier;" and successive pension commis
sioners have winked at "rulings" that
have made petty retail frauds seem al
most respectable by comparison.
Commissioner Lochren will deserve
well of his country if he will not only
stop the wholesale frauds perpetrate d
through "rulings," but check the minor
but still monstrous frauds that are the
work of dishonest agents and perjured
pension-grabbers. No one desires to
deprive the deserving veteran, disabled
in the line of duty, of his country's
bounty. But the bounty-jumpers, de
serters, cheats and frauds must be
stricken from the roll as fast as dis
covered. Only in this way can the pen
sion roll be maintained as "a roll of
honor."-N. Y. World.
POINTS AND OPINIONS.
- Republican assertions concerning
the bond issue are not at all consistent
with the facts. The first Cleveland ad
ministration turned over to the Harri
son administration an overflowing
treasury. The Fifty-first congress did
the rest.-N. Y. World.
-Gov. McKinley has been arraigned
for not doing his duty in the matter of
supervising the. expenditures of public
institutions in his state, the result be
ing a burdensome deficit. The gov
ernor's idea seems to be that the high
est function of American citizenship is
to pay taxes.-Detroit Free Press.
-The proceeds of these bonds will
only tide over the present and most
pressing needs of the government, and
an incomparably larger sum will be
needed to meet the growing deficit,
provide a safe gold reserve for the
enormous issue of treasury notes out
standing and furnish available work
ing capitaL-N. Y. HIerald.
-A republican cent emporery ha
made the discovery that the democrats
propose to repeal the McKinley bill
simply because it was passed by the re
publican party. If our contemporary
believes that, he would be, if a demo
cratic member of congress, just such a
narrow and shallow partisan as to vote
for the McKinley bill's repeal solely on
the ground that it was passed by repub
lican. --Louisville Courier-Journal.
--Sometimes the devil fish, in order
to escape attack or observation, dark
ens the water about him by the emis
sion of an inky cloud in which he hides
himself. At other times he pretends to
be what he is not by assuming the
color of the sand upon which he
sprawls himself. The republicans in
the house of representatives are fight
ing the Wilson bill with devil-fish tac
tics. They sometimes darken counsel
by words without knowledge or bear
ting; and, again, refuse to answer when
their names are called, hiding in the
fog of their own argumebnt and hoping
to defeat their oppourSPw t by iqt1twe'
TEACH GIRLS HOW TO RUN.
A Bure Wag to Disarm Masculine Rldl
cute of Present Inability.
Women who have grown tired of the j
masculine ridicule of their running,
when there is occasion for them to I
run, can not do better than to have
their daughters take a coure of exer
cise that shall spare them such mortifl
cation, since at one time or another in
life it may become necessary for all
people to run. To this end exercise in
a gymnasium is most desirable, begin- .
ning with gentle calisthenics and go- s
ing on with bars and trapeze and ring
and ladder, avoiding the heavier work,
the abrupt pulls upon the strength, or
any too iolent force of movement,
thus increasing gently the breathing
and the sudorific power, quickening
and cleaning the blood and eliminat
ing a world of refuse through the skin.
In the gymnasium the girl will be
taught to run so that her movement
in her light skirts becomes a far more
graceful thing than the running of her •
brother when he seems all legs. But =
her exercise need not stop at the gym
nasium, while there is riding and row
ing and swimming outdoors and fenc
ing and dancing within. Dancing is
always a healthy exercise under favor
able conditions-that is, in pure air and i
with not too late hours And few '
things develop the shape better or pro
dace more grace of movement than
fencing does, calling upon the muscles -
and cultivating readiness, quickness, t
caution and resolution at the same P
time. Swimming, although it leaves t
no single muscle untried, is a less P
desirable form of exercise, be- f
cause the temptation there is to 1'
overdo; still the great swimmers n
declare that no form of exer- s
cise makes the body feel afterwvard P
so much as if it had wings and could 0
soar in outer ether. But it should be c
taken gently, and if the swimmer is at t
all chilled it should be left immediate
ly, and brisk friction with brush and 3
towel should take its place. n
After any of this order of exercise, I
when the first glow has passed, there f
should be a quick bath and a cold- i
water douche, which prevents taking c
cold. Other forms of healthy exertion ii
are still to be found in walking and in c
domestic work. But it shouli be un- E
derstood, by the way, by those who de- h
sire to rid themselves of superfluous fi
flesh, that walking is of little use for G
that purpose unless it produces per- 1
spiration; and walking, when carried n
to such a point, is not always best.
There are more effective ways, through o
gymnastic exercise, to promote per- ti
spiration and thus reduce flesh. And d
after all, there is no healthier or better s,
way to do this in general thanby what tl
is called housework, whenever there is Si
the requisite strength for its steady a
pull, and it is marvelous here how the c
strength grows by what it feeds on. 1
3Many a girl who was too delicate or a
too listless to help her mother in any- p
thing but trifles, marrying and doing sj
her own work, develops a full chest, a -
strong back, stout limbs and good u
lungs, with the broom and the duster,
the flat-iron and the scrubbing board, s,
and appetite and cheery spirits and n
good nature have developed at the same a
time with the swift and happy cours- e.
ing of the blood in the veins by reason ii
of the work. -Harper's Bazar. o s,
ti
SHE HAD OBSERVED. ii
And Mlrs. NoewmonesV's Observation Was e
Put to a Startling Use.
This was near Boston and Judson
was telling the story. He had an ac
quaintance in a newly-rich man, with
-whom he has become rather intimately t
acquainted in a bussiness way. This
man's wife has been "doing Yurrup"
very diligently and conscientiously for
over six months, and Judson has been
asked up several times to see the art 0
treasures she had brought back. The "
lady's taste seemed to rln largely to C
statuary, for site had enough to stock s
a small museum. Some of the pieces r
were pretty good, too, as she had the s'
good sense to get some one to buy
them for her. r,
"Like others of her ilk. IMrs. New
money's first and most burning ambi- C
tion was to get into the social swim,for.
as you know, Mr. McAllister says that is O
about all there is worth living for any
way. So she issued invitations for a
housewarming in her splendid new e
house, and Newmoney gleefully in
formed my friend Judson that some of
the bluest bloods had sent in accept- F
ances.
"Of course Judson promised to be
there. lie had to be in Boston on that e
date, and he couldn't very well refuse b
if he had wanted to. o
"He said i',hen he went in he took a
glance around, and everything seemed c
perfectly correct and up to date. The h
man who opened the door was irre- d
proachable, the murmur of voices from ,
the drawing-rooms argued a large at- r
tendance, the floral decorations of the a
stairways were in exquisite taste, and a
the gentlemen's dressing-rooms were ,
perfectly arranged.
"'"Well, MIrs. Newmoney has done it I
this time,' he said, complacently to a
himself, as he descended to the parlors.
"After his greeting to his hostess t
and several introductions, he looked s
around for his old friends, the statues.
"O ye gods! Spirit of the great Me- ,
Allister, where went thou? Everyone ,
of those statues wore around its neck a I
huge placard, bearing this legend: e
"Hands off!"
"Judson looked around at the 'blue .
bloods' and nearly fainted. t
"After a time he edged his way to
the smiling owner, and ,asked her why I h
she put on those cards. " f
"' Why, they were always on the c
statues in some of the finest museums
in Europe,' said MgIs. Newmoney, with a
something like pity for Judson's igno- s
rance." I
"An off-hand way of answvering,
wasn't it?" put in the realestate man.
"What did her husband think?"'
"He said 'Noeb' was clever and made
good use of her time while she was
over in Europe. Hier placarding of the t
statues just showed that she had seen I
a thingor two."
"Liow charming. There won't le any
divcroe, will there9" sasid th. Vaustn- 1
irl -3Host~on Globe.
SCHOOL AND CHURCH.
-Bishop Haygood, of the Methodist
Episcopal church, south, has refused
to continue Sam Jones as a regular
preacher, on the ground that evangel
ism has no place in the Methodist
polity.
-Charles T. Yerkes, of Chicago, the
owner of the cable-road system of that
city, has withdrawn his subscription of
$2.500 for prizes in the public schools,
with the terse remark that he could
find better use for the money else
where.
-To pass the time pleasantly in
church Morris hittington and James
Brow, of Baltimore, supplied them
selves with pocketfuls of peanuts and
audibly munched them during the
service. They were requested to de
sist, but without avail. Then they
were arrested and each fined ten dol
lars and costs by Justice Schenekel.
-Miss Katharine Coman, who has
charge of the political-economy depart
ment of Wellesley, wants her pupils to
be practical stateswomen. To thisend
she sends them into the Bureau of As
sociated Charities in Boston, to labor
unions, to tenement houses and to
manufactories. She hopes that such
methods will ultimately lead to a day
when women will study the great ques
tions of their times.
-An important contribution which
America has made to Christianity, is
the solution which it has found of the
problem of church and state. Here we
touch the distinctive feature of our
American Christianity in its organized
form and in its relation to national
life. Our republic, offering a home to
men of all creeds, declined to unite it
self organically to any church, while
protecting and encouranting every form
of religious faith and life. A free
church in a free state was for the first
time realized in America.
-The jubilee year of the Young
Men's Christian association will occur
next summer. Fifty years ago, June 6,
1844, George Williams organized the
first association in London. Tho
World's conference committee has de
cided to celebrate this jubilee by hold
ing the next triennial conference in
connection with that anniversary in
Exeter hall. London. Already steps
have been taken for an excursion party
from the associations of this country.
George A. Hall, state secretary of New
York, is in charge of these arrange
ments.
--Think of the commercial benefits
of missions. It is calculated that the
trade with heathen lands opened up
directly by missionaries has exceeded
$20.000,000 net profit annually during
the past 100 years, making a total of
$2,000,000,000. The amount givein from
all 'sources for missions during the
century aggregates about 5300,000,000.
Net profit, $1,700,000,000. It pays finan
cially to save the world. During the
past 75 years Europe and America have
spent $20,000,000,000 to kill one another
-enough to save and civilize all the
world.-Gospel in All Lands.
-The French government will pre
sent to the state of New York all, or
nearly all, of its educational exhibit
which was at the World's fair. The
exhibit consists of the work of pupils
in the primary, secondary and normal
schools. There will also be given to
the state a pedagogic library, contain
ing text-books used in the qpublic
schools, books of reference, etc. The
exhibit is now on its way to France.
On its arrival there, some of the per
sonal property belonging to teachers
will be taken out, and the rest of the
exhibit, containing the articles men
tioned, will be sent back to Albany.
--Although there are more students
attending higher institutions of learn
ing in New York than any other city
of the Union, student life makes no
marked outward impress upon the
city. It would be hard to define a
student quarter in New York. although
regions lying near all the great
schools have each a considerable stu
dent population. The Chelsea square
region, with its Gothic structures and
its occasional processions of figures
clad in gowns and mortar boards,
bears, perhaps, the strongest impress
of student life, though the great cam
pus of St. .lohn's college at Fordham is
picturesqe from the presence of similar
elements.
HINDOO BEAUTIES.
Fine-Looking Women Among the )Middle
Class.
Many of the women of India, and
especially those of Kashmir, are very
beautiful. The worst of it is that not
only are the most beautiful ones seldom
seen, but even their portraits are diffi
cult to obtain. Either they or their
husbands appear to look with rooted
distrust on the photographer, and even
when their photographs are taken they
rarely give permission for copies to be
sold. In a typical Hindoo beauty the
skin is just dark enough to give a rich,
soft appearance to the complexion, the
features are regular, the eyes mild and
black and shaded by long, silken lashes,
the hands and feet are small and ele
gantly formed, the demeanor is modest,
the manner gentle, the voice low and
sweet. Such a combination of good
points may not often be met with, but
when it is who shall say what havoc is
wrought among the hearts of the be
holders? There are fine looking wom
en occasionally among the middle-class
Hindoos, as well as among the upper
ten, and even among the low castes
the faces are sometimes very pleasing.
MIany a Hindoo woman, who has per
haps little pretensions to beauty of
face, has nevertheless the step and
carriage of a princess; and if one is not
too fastidious about perfection of eyes
and mouths and noses, her figure, as
she walks down the street with her
load on her head, is truly a beautiful
object. J.ewelry is often worn to ex
cess in Tndia, as among other orientals,
and the nose ring is sometimes so large
that it has to be fastened back of the ear I
by a delicate chain to keep it from in
torfering with the mouth.-Pittsburgh I
Dispatch.
-Yon can generally tell how much
love there ik in a matn's heart by the
was he apnaS his mowlth.,-Rliam's wer '
HOME HINTS AND HELPS.
-Potato Croquettes:. Take eight efa
aashed potatoes. Season with pepiper
salt, nutmeg; add two eggs, with a lit
tie chopped parsley; one tablespoonfal
melted butter. Form in balls and roll
In beaten eggs and bread crumbs or.
cracker dust and fry in hotlard.-N.-Y.
World.
-Steamed batter puffs may be made
from raised dough, shaping as for bis
cuits, rolling berries into the dough.
Set, after rising, into steamer and keep
the water boiling hard until the pufs.
are done, allowing twenty minutes for
this. Eat with sauce.--Good Honu-e
keeping.
-Hard Sauce: Stir to a cream one
cup of butter and three cups of pow
dered sugar. When light beat in three
fourths of a teacupful of wine, the
juice of one lemon and two teaspoon
fuls of nutmeg. Beat long and hard
and set on ice until the pudding is
served.-Farm, Field and Fireside.
-Cheese Cakes: One cup of grated
cocoanut, one cup of milk curds, one
cup of cream, yolks of five eggs, one
cup of sugar, one tablespoonful of al
mond extract; boil until thick; pour
into tart tins lined with puff paste;
bake ten minutes. Orange or lemon
can be used instead of oocoanut.-Farm.
Field and Fireside.
-White WVine Jelly: Pour one pint
of cold water on six sheets of isinglass
and let stand until dissolved. Then
add, first, a pint of boiling water; next,
the juice and grated rind of one lemon.
one pint of sugar and one wine-glass of
white wine. Let stand until it hardens.
This jelly is excellent in sickness, and
makes a very nice dessert to be eaten
with cake.--Womankind.
-Rich Date Cakes: Make any nice
layer cake and bake six layers. Re
move the stones and chop a pound of
dates. Beat the whites of two eggs
stiff, add two cupfuls of fine sugar and
a spoonful of almond flavoring. Mix
part with the chopped dates and spread
between the cakes. Use the remainder
on the top, and ornament with whole
dates with the stones rem oved.-House
keeper.
-Jelly-fish: Fill a deep glass dish
half full of jelly. Have as manysmall
fish-molds as will lie, in it. Fill the
molds with blancmange. When this is
cold, and the jelly also, lay the fish -in
it as if going in different directions;
put in a little more liquid jelly; let it
get hard, to keep the fish in place;
then fill the dish. The jelly should be
very light-colored, and perfectly trans
parent.--Harper's Bazar.
-Cinnamon Bun: Two ounces of but
ter, one teaspoonful of salt, three eggs,
one pint of milk, one-half cup of yeast
or half of a compressed cake. Put the
milk in a farina boiler to scald. Beat
the eggs until light, pour over them
the milk, add the butter and let stand
until lukewarm; then add the.yeast
and salt and sufficient flour to make a
thin batter. Beat thoroughly and con
tinuously for five minutes; cover and
stand in a warm place over night. In
the morning add one cupful of flour,
beat thoroughly and then add sufi
cient flour, a little at a time, working
all the while with the hand, to make a
soft dough. Take out on the baking
board and knead lightly for ten min
utes (it must not be as stiff as bread).
Put back into the bowl, cover and let
stand in a warm place until very light.
Then take about one-half of this dough
out on the baking-board, roll it out
into a thin sheet, spread lightly with
butter, cover thickly with sugar,
sprinkle with dried currants and cin
namon and roll tightly in a long roll
Cut through this roll about every two
inches, place the buns fiat, closely to
gether, in a greased pan. Roll out the
remaining dough in the same manner.
cover and stand again in a warm place
until very light. Bake in a moderately
quick oven for about half an hour.
Turn them out of the pan while hot.
N. Y. World.
Saving Pretty Pletures.
A pretty nursery screen is made by
covering the panels with any solid
background desired, black, dark red or
brown, and pasting pictures cut from
nursery tales upon them. One panel
can be handsomely decorated with the
pictures that made last year's calendar
such a thing of beauty-illustrating, as
many of them do-in such lovely fash
ion the procession of the months. The
plethora, indeed, in these days of really
exquisite specimens of the lithograph
er's art makes a disposition of them
after they have survived their brief
present in current weekly, monthly or
annual a real problem to those who
dislike to discard them wholly or keep
them forever out of sight. Hospital
scrap albums are a good solution of
the dilemma up to a certain point, but
there are more than enough in many
households for even two or three of
these.--Detroit Free Press.
A Tiamely Hint.
There are many mothers .who havs
clothing folded away that belonged- to
dear babies who died long ago ra;_
whose garments they can not bear to.
see worn by other children. Th "
would be spared the pain of this igt ,.
and still be making good use o
is now but food for mothsif they~h~t.
consult their clergymen, or au7ti
philanthropist, who would tell t
many distant families who would&
materially helped by such doat
This winter of our discontent is :
time for sentimental hoqding,
ter how sympathetic one may feel
the love that longs to hoar.
delphia Press. -,,
The best way to -oveb
bility to taking cold from
feet wet is as follows: Dip
cold water, and let them
a few seconds The net
*hem in again, letting.
a few seconds longek;Ah
ing keep them in a litt
and continue this tili
them in half an .r.
cold. In this way-j
accustomed to the-ol
will not take cold :i ,
be it buiserstooa
4astbdW