Setisve.tc :sia
A he.aJ .t welei.r a d aeen ,n
ti or heap railroad rates will
maafro all pints in the Southeast
Round t tickets wil be mold oa
ad und lad or two harvest exou
: s. ' " "nTam he purchased toe lae i iar
to stop off axanypenta tM
.om .trip, witi" fifteea days from time
. eis. hdLrt insad o bshave thirty
nday ,i to make the Jouraey and get
. o. kbcmus . The rate is .e fare for the
s e-, d trip There is nstoa as to the
Su"routover whi wiyoushe Ivel, forthere
>s " bttt one ralroad en g~m the Stats of
which offers the "Home Seeker" a
of three routes, either via Memphis,
ao. h greleprto New Ori s, anyoud that is
;;; tk6' Texas ¢ Padci Railway, which crosses
S -Ssefromsaistto Westpsasing through
licated by the undtersigned, w w will give
routes, forward olders, showing time of
trains and connections, and pamphlets de
scriptive of the country. I you contam
rto Texas, it will pay you to write
"CS ouhr wants will be given prompt at
tention. J. .i Woan, Tray. Pass. Agent,
9S Wall St., Atlanta. OGa. A. A. GaLLAusa,
Soutihern Pass. Agent, 10B Read House,
Chattanooga, Tenn. Basea. Wu.Ox. South
er Traveling Agent, U6 West Maim St.,
Lilill,4 y.
rassxx-"Little Robbie Jones always asme
tobeexoused when he leaves the table, and
you never do. Why is it?" "Well, I guess
i''cause he' ashamed of eatin' so much, 3
don't know."-Inter Ocean.
Over Many a League
Spreads the Infectious air poison of chills
and fever, a complaint to the eradication
and prevention of which Hostetter's Stom
ach Bitters Is specitlly adapted. Vast and
fertile district are periodically visited by
this relentless malady. Fortify with the
Bitters and prevent it. Rheumatism, con
stipation, biliousness, kidney trouble and
nervousness are conquerable in any stage
by this comprehensive medicine, indorsed
and commended by intelligent physicians
eveirywhere.
MAxoa--"Thatyoung friend of ours is
a sleepy, sort of fellow. What shl I do
with hlm?" Merchant-"See if you can't.
ied him a place in the night shirt depart
ment."-Tid-Bits.
Dsrssl.A,. impaired digestion, weak
stomach, and constipation viill be instantly
relieved by Beecham's Pills. 25 cents a box.
Tas reason that the geysers at the Na
tional park leap so high is because thyr are
a mposed of spring water.-Lowell Cohier.
I* apple pie order-the cheese that comes
with it.-Puck.
A Little Red Spot
gradually spread until I was covered with
blotohes and patches.
calleed psorlasi. I
scratched and scratched
Only to increase my
agony. Finally Rev.
Father Cantereel urged
me to takemeood'ser
Sap arlila. I did so
with Joyous and wonder
ul result. The large
scales peeled off .the
spots grew less and dis
ppeared, the itchingand
burning sebsided and I
. e perfectly cared
equal in health to any man CEo. DtesTCnad
Green lsy, Wisconsin.
Hood's Pills are thebet after-dinnerPills.
CURES i IARRHsbe
C US DYENTRY
CHOLERA INFANTUM,
AFFETIONS oF THE BOWELS.
Oxros LA., JulyA. ItE.
Centlemen :-We have used your Bredie's Cor
dial in our famIly for some time past, and are
perfectly satisfied with its effects. would not
willingly do without it. Respectfully,
J. Ri. RosaPsoN.
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
PRICE. Oo. and S1.O0.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & CO.,
New Orleans. La.
"German
Syrup"
Bosehee's German yrup is more
successful in the treatment of Con
sumption than any other remedy
prescribed. It has been tried under
every variety of climate. In the
bleak, bitter North, in damp New
England, in the fickle MiddleStates,
in the hot, moist South--every
where. It has been in demand by
every nationality. It has been em
ployed in every stage of Consump
tion. In brief it has been used
by millions and its the only true and
reliable Consumption Remedy. )
nl 'IR nN 'UTreated free.
m ,In-- , ....
v acd cases ilo
E'DUCATIOAL.
po o nstituteOR TOUN
renter a ii gIraduate of LeIpsitc. A~slstnt. 5
ratduate o ] diel. Unrivaled advantages in every
dartment. M6 Fear. Opens Sept. 12.580 Send for
Ostalosue to JAs.D. DlxWIDtOt, i. A.(Of Unlv.ot Vs.)
WAL AND MOONEYS SCHOOL,
L .est w.FRANKIUN, TENN. w.aneorn.s.u.
FITS 30es F03 COLLGE O 1USINESS.
heoug. Addres W. D. ,,MOONe. Secrtary.
JI VERSITY 7crr... '
'Tbs oth anmul session ot this School for
s am l aemles, Isodtu 1nJeer
iE 6E::., COLLEGE,
lLCi.L:,.; -,.
C -
Interesting Exhibits in Remote
Portions of the Great Fair.
Indiams of s1Ix atlema from the state.
New York-Dstimarlshed Red Me
rt elray Wlmes--raiaas Notes
and Incldeat..
IfBeoat Chlaeo Correspondoneal
MONG the ex
hi-bits at the
world's fair are
a number that
are tucked
away in odd
corners and
nooks of the
grounds which
in consequence
of their incon
spi cuous loca
tion are passed
by un no ticed
by a great many
visitors in their
S p e r egrinations
among the buildings. In the general
rush for the leading points of interest
these lesser features are overlooked,
and when the hasty visitor has "done"
the fair and returned home and reads
in his family paper a description of
some of these out-of-the-way exhibits
he regretfully exclaims: "WVhy, I didn't
see that!" and comes to the conclusion
that he might have had more for his
money had he used his eyes to better
advantage.
Common interest naturally centers
in .the main buildings of the fair and
these are constantly thronged with
eager sightseers. People get in among
the wonderful collections of the arts
and industries, and so intent do they be
come upon the magnificent displays of
man's skill and ingenuity that their
time slips away, and they suddenly
awaken to the consciousness that if
they are to see all of the fair they
must skip some thipgs, and they hurry
along from one point to another, and
this way lose much of superior interest.
COUICII. LODGE OF THE SIX KATIONS.
The Esquimaux, for' instance, away
up in their little corner near the north
gate attract but a small portion of the
crowd that enters the fair grounds
daily. True, the extra charge of twen
ty-five cents for admission into their
inclosure deters many from visiting
these queer little people, but were
they more advantageously situated
their receipts would undoubtedly be
greatly increased.
Another somewhat isolated exhibit,
which is well worth the attention of
every visitor at the fair, is the Indian
colony on the lake shore near the For
estry building, in the southeastern por
tion of the grounds. Here, dwelling in
IROQUOIS IMPIMENTS.
a state as nearly copied after the man
ner of their forefathers as circum
stances and surroundings will permit,
are representatives of the six tribes of
the state of New York. These tribes
once formed that great federation
known as the Six Nations, then a great
power, but now a mere shadow of their
former greatness.
The names of the tribes are the Onei
das, Cayugas. Onandagas. Senecas, Tus
caroras and Mohawks. They all meet
in a big bark council lodge, and one
queer feature of their meetings is that
their native dialects differ so that they
all have to speak English.
DEERUOOT.
There are quite a number of their
houses built of basswood bark and
roofed with elm. They are symmet
rical, orderly-looking structures, and
by no means so primitive as the mate
rial would indicate. The largest one of
the group is the council lodge. Origi
nally the interior was divided into six
sections by mat partitions. The repre
sentatives of each tribe occupied a sec
tion in their debates, and when a de
eaison was reached among each squad
Spetty bhleftaits _ht divi"dl f mate
were thrown asid anudsgeneraldebit.
ensued.
The couneil lodge now is used as a
sort of bazar, in which relics of the
days when the Six Nations were the
warriors of the continent are shown
side by side with beantiful basket and
bead work and fuas and trinkets of
scented grasses. The sales are conduct
ed by pleasant-faced young women of
the tribe, some of them decidedly pret
ty and alt of them with hardly more
than a dusky pallor to distinguish their
divergence from the Anglo-Saxon race.
A visitor referred to one of them in her
hearing recently as a squaw, and six
men felt an impulse to kick the offen
der, which only disappeared when they
discovered that the culprit was another
woman.
In the afternoons the Indians dress
up in robes, such as their fathers wore
when New York city was a much
smaller village than it is now, and hold
a sort of state reception. It is intended
later to reproduce some of the national
customs and dances for the benefit of vis
itors, but they have not got that far as
yet. The men who represent the Six
Nations are almost all of them men of
distinction in the tribes.
There is Chief Jack of the Tus
caroras, who is the secretary of Iro
quois nation; Solomon O'IBail, the
grandson of old Chief Cornplanter, a
one-time friend of George Washington,
in whose honor the president directed a
medal to be struck off; and not least in
the list is Deerfoot, the matchless run
ner who has even raced in England,
and whose run of an hour has never
been beaten. An old man he is now,
but hale and .fond of sitting in the big
council tent attired in his buckskin
suit and recounting events in his stir
ring life with a little chuckle of ap
preciation. At the mention of the
prince of Wales the chuckle deepens,
and he tells that he dined with the
prince some twenty or thirty years ago.
"We were pals," he laughs, with an odd
mimicry of the English accent. Solo
mon O'Bail is a sturdy old fellow of
near seventy, who still clings to the re
ligion of his fathers undefiled by any
admixture with the creeds of the aliens.
He is a sociable old gentleman, and al
ways ready to answer questions, and
often puts himself to great pains to ex
plain some little thing to the visitor.
Among the other oddities on sale are
a number of grewsome corn-husk masks
used in the new year dances. One of
the visitors questioned Mr. O'Bail about
these and drew out an interesting ac
count of the three yearly dances of the
tribes.
The civilization of the Six Nations is
at present precisely like the civilization
of the rest of Ne~w York state. They
have the same schools, the same
churches, and the same habits. This
camp at the fair grounds is as much a
revival as the spelling bee or old-time
singing school, with which our modern
churches regale themselves occasion
ally.
LIVE STOCK EXHIBITS.
Completed Lists for the Hlorse and Cattle
Content.
The lists for the horse and cattle con
tests at the fair have now been made
up, and it is settled that one of the in
cidents of the Columbian exposition
will be the largest live stock exhibition
ever held. State fair shows will be in
significant in comparison, for the ap
proaching show at Jackson park will
be six times as big as the largest of
them.
All the famous breeds of Europe
and America will be represented. Amer
icans will take the lead in number, but
there will be notable exhibits under
the patronage of the governments of
Russia and Germany. Sixty horses se
lected from various parts of Germany
are now feeding on Iowa grass and
grain, under the care of experienced
horsemen. The stud of Grand Duke
Dmnitry Constantinowich, of Russia, is
now on the way west from New York,
and will be acclimatized in Indiana
under the care of Russian farmers.
This exhibit is under charge of Guard
Capt. of Cavalry F. N. Ismailoff, who
was detailed from the imperial army
for this duty.
In this stable are three mares and
eight stallions, representing different
lines of Orloff trotters from two to
eighteen years old, four stallions of
different kinds of Orloff saddle horses
from three to eleven years of age, two
pure Arabian acclimatized stallions
three and four years old, and a Russian
light draught stallion five years old.
It is said that this display will attract
many Russians to the fair from all
parts of America.
Among the other notable- features
will be a stable of French trotters.
These will be the first horses of their
kind ever exhibited in America, and
the Columbian exposition is the first
fair to recognize them as a class. The
French animals are peculiar in that
they are long-distance racers, often
trotting two, three and four miles. It
is urged that cross breeding with them
will give the American trotter more
bottom.
The magnitude of these live stock ex
hibitions may be inferred from the
premiums offered. These will aggre
gate one hundred and fifty thousand
dollars, many times as much as ever of
fered at any fair before. This will be
the first fair to award cash premiums,
and the agricultural department is the
only one in this exposition to offer
money prizes.
Tna coal miner is generally above his
businose alter working hours.
Hie 01 W re eek, M
t Olsd Ain owFs e
xI60:. a.- t"We wesa.
The Columbian guadth.- ought he
must be crazyand possibly the Colm.
I bianguar was justified in so thinking.
He had long chin whiskers and a
smooth-shaven upper liph His eyes
were apparently fixed on something
above one of the buildings, and in his
hand he held an enormous silver watch.
"What are you trying to do?" asked
the guard.
"You 'tend to your business an' Ill
'tend to mine," was the prompt e
sponse.
"You'll lose that eight-day clock,"
suggested the guard, facetiously.
"Well, that's nothin' to you," re
torted the old man, finally bringing his
eyes down to earth and looking at the
guard. "I'm more'n twenty-one an' I
-know what I'm doin'."
"You don't act like it," said the
guard. "I think I'd better take you in,
anyway, for a lunatic."
"Yda ain't smart enough. One of
them three-card Monte Carlo men tried
to take me in an' got fooled. But see
in' as you're so all-fired smart I'll jest
tell you what I'm doin', an' then you
can mosey along. I told the old woman
before I left Willow Patch, down near
Kankakee, that I'd bring her home the
correct time. She ain't got no confi
dence in the town clock an' wanted the
time right from this here time ball on the
world's fair grounds, an' I been sittin'
here nigh onto half an hour so's not to
miss it when it drops. When it goes
I'll just set the old watch an' go home
to-" lie looked up again and saw
that the ball had already fallen. He
started for the Columbian guard, but
thought better of it. "That's the see
ond time some darn fool has come along
an' got me talkin' an' the ball's got
away from me," he said. "Now I've
got to stay over another day, and try it
again. I'll be here to-morrow 'bout the
same time, lookin' the same way, with
the old silver watch in any hand, an' if
you see me you'd better go 'round the
other side of the building, 'cause I'm
goin' to get that time to-morrow if I
have to lick every guard on the
grounds. "'--Chicago Tribune.
THE GREAT CLOCK TOWER.
Wonderful Tlmeplece with Nelther Main
prlnlg Nor Pendulum.
The great clock tower in the Manu
factures building commands the won
der and admiration of every visitor. It
is one hundred and fifty feet high, has
four seven-foot dials seventy feet above
the main floor of the building and con
tains a complete chime of nine sweet
toned bells, weighing fourteen thou
sand pounds. The mechanism of this
great timepiece is vastly diffirent from
the ordinary town clock which sur
mounts the courthouse, church or pub
lie school at the home of the rural vis
itor. It comprises the latest horolog
ical inventions and is part of a system
of more than two hundred self-winding
clocks which are all controlled andreg
ulated by the master clock in the pa
vilion.
The great tower clock is part of the
exhibit of a large clock company, of
New York. The self-winding clock in
its simplest form consists of an ordi
nary train from the center arbor to the
escapement-the other arbors and
wheels and the mainspring being omit
ted-a fine spring six feet long and
.006 of an inch in thickness, attached
at its inner end to the arbor and at its
outer end to the spring barrel. A small
electric motor concealed in the clock
case carries the spring barrel once
around, thereby storing sufficient en
ergy in the spring to run the clock an
hour. As a resultof the frequent wind
ing and reduction of friction the power
required to run a self-winding clock is.
only one forty-sixth part of that used
in ordinary clocks. The motor will
run a year without attention at a cost
of less than twenty-five cents. The
master clock at the pavilion synchro
nizes all the clocks throughout the ex
position grounds and buildings by an
hourly electrical impulse which in
stantly corrects every clock to the sec
ond.
The fact that the company produces
an accurate tower clock which will op
erate perfectly without reference to
the steadiness of the tower or the loca
tion of the controlling clock is leading
to the introduction of the electric tow'
er clock in many places where the or
dinary weight and pendulum clock
would be impracticable.
FOR PUBLIC COMFORT.
The Beautiful and Well--Managed Parlors
at the Terminal Station.
There is one delightful resort at the
fair that deserves to become better
known, as it surely will if the present
management continues. This is the
department of public comfort in the
terminal station. There are other
branches of this department, but they I
do not approach it in the perfection of
its management and the satisfaction to
the public. Decidedly the coolest place
upon the grounds, these great, high,
airy parlors, with their inviting easy
chairs and rockers, luxurious carpets
and draperies and general atmosphere
of rest and elegance, invite weary 1
sightseers to "come again," which
they generally do, and bring their
friends. Retiring-rooms with easy
couches where ladies may rest, witl
trained maids in attendance, all as free
as the lake breeze which rustles through
the parlors and plays around the tall
pillars, inspire a feeling of gratitude in
every tired visitor that there is one
place upon the ground where quiet re
tirement, perfect rest and every needed
delicate attention is to be had for the
asking. The prettiest souvenirs of the '
fair are for sale here, but the visitor is '
never importuned to buy, and the en
tire conduct of the "terminal parlors
is such as to counteract to a large de '
gree the bad impression made by ths
catchpenny, devices and exorbitant
money-grabbing schemes to be found
at every turn within the grounds. The
secret of the rapidly-growing populari
ty of the elegant parlors of public com
fort in the terminal station is found i
the management, which is vested in
two or three ladies who are prominent
ly known in Chicago and who are in
constant attendance.
Spend Lots of M1oney.
Visitors at the fair are estimated to I
have spent within the ground fifteen' "
million dollars, which is in addition te
the money paid for admission. Of this
amount three million dollars, accord
ing to Chief Clerk Bilsackell, of the de
pariment of collection, has gone into
the : easury of the exposition. More
over, business with the concessionaires
is increasing, and it is expected this
source of income will net ten rhillion
dollars before October 30o. 1
A RTATUETTK QI. Umperor William, of I
Germany, on linorseback contains flftee I
hundred silvar dollare
-INTEREeTING PROBLEM.
"A lESSeUt Pessmr e.wars saeatbtlsag
tWre a Wi.. 1.ag. -
There wa.s noe a wise king who was
awfully curios. He was possessed of
saddere to everything, and was
continually  questions. Indeed.
his thirst for knowledge carried him
so far that he wanted to know the age
of every person he met. But, being a
king, he was exceedingly polite, and
would resort to strategy to gain his
ends.
One day there came to the court a
gray-haired professor, who amused the
king greatly. - He told the monarch a
number of things that he never knew
before, and the king was delighted.
But finally it came to the point when
Ii "
THEu KeING AND THU PBOFESSOR.
the ruler wanted to know the age of
the professor, so he thought of the
mathematical problem.
"Ahem!" said the king. "I have an
interesting sum for you; it is a trial in
mental arithmetic. Think of the num
ber of the month of your birth."
Now the professor was sixty years
old, and had been born two days before
Christmas, so he thought of 12, Decem
ber being the twelfth month.
"Yes," said the professor.
"Multiply by 2," continued the king.
"Yes."
"Add 5."
"Yes," answered the professor, do
ing so.
"Now multiply that by 50."
"Yes."
"Add your age,"
"Yes."
"Subtract 365."
"Yes."•
"Add 115."
"Yes."•
"And now," said the king, "might I
ask what the result is?" -
"Twelve hundred and -sixty,'replied
the professor. wonderingly.
"'Thank you," was the king's re.
sponse. "So you were born in Decem
ber, sixty years ago. eh?"'
"flow in the world did you know?"
cried the professor.
"Why," retorted the king, "from
your answer--160. The month of your
birth was the twelfth, and the last two
figures give your age."
"Ha, ha, ha!" laughed the professor.
"Capital idea. I'll try it on the next
-person I meet. It's such a polite way
of finding cut people's ages."-Harper'!
Young People.
BRIGHT ANIMALS.
How w Jackdnaw Tortured Its Setter-Dog
Compantons.
Everybody who has watched animals
closely has seen them play practical
jokes on one another. The London
Spectator has collected some incidents
of this sort, and relates that a certain
jackdaw, whenever it found its setter
dog companions asleep, would steal to
them, and pull at the fluffy tassels of
hair between their toes, unpleasantly
waking them up.
At a certain house a tame magpie
was kept in the stable yard with two
kestrels. The kestrels were in the
habit of sitting on the sides of the
water pails that stood outside of the
stable doors. At one time the magpie
approached a kestrel from behind,
seized its long tail in its beak, jerked
it violent and pushed it over into the
pail; but the kestrel afterward caught
the magpie and punished it well.
A cat expressed a dislike of a pea
cock by jumping through its spread
out tail when the bird was displaying
its beauty and exhibiting its own van
ity, to the great discomfiture of the
fowl. A dog which was accustomed to
hunting rabbits showed its displeasure
when the master had shot a bullfinch
by going into the hedge, finding a rab
bit and bringing it to him.
Another dog which knew tame ducks
and that they were not hunted, but
had no acquaintance with the wild
ones, was much disgusted when his
master shot a teal, believing he had
made a mistake, and would have noth
ing to do with the game. "He behaved
in exactly the same way when we shot
a black rabbit: nothing would per
suade him that it was not a cat, and he
would do no serious work for the rest
of the day." The writer tells also of
dogs that thought it beneath their dig
nity to chase rats, except when their
masters were engaged in the sport, and
he speaks of the obvious dislike of dogs
to be laughed at.
Why He Made a Hlit.
Eveh the greatest of men may be
mistaken when they undertake to ex
plain the cause of certain undeniable
facts. "Never in my life," said Dean
Stanley to his wife after a sermon in
Westminster abbey, "did I so deeply
impress the congregation. Every eye
was fixed on me from beginning to
end of my sermon; not a word seemed
to be lost by inattention." "No won
der," said his wife, "for your gloves
were in your hat when you put it on,
and when you took it off they re
mained on top of your head all the
time you were preaching! It was the
gloves, my dear, not the eloquence of
the sermon, that fixed their attention!"
Ceouldn't Get Near Enough.
MIrs. Bruggles--Mary, you must be
very circumspect with that bold, young
Mr. Flirtaway. He tried to kiss a girl
the other evening.
Miss Brugg les--Never mind, mamma,
I shall be protected. He is wearing a
broad-brimmed straw bat now.--Chi
eago Recorld.
In nli Luck.
Smith-I am glad I ain't a shad.
Jones--Why so?
Smith--IBecause I am subject to
rheumatism, and I am always feeling
it in my bones.-Texas Siftings.
Esqualm serven.
The Heaven of the Esquimaux is a
land of warm sunshine with glowing
tires ovcrhung with pots of boiling
whale's blubber, aend easeful couches
of fur scattered here and there.
As endorsed and recon
the New-York Health Authoritti. 
Royal Unfermented Bread Is peptic, palatable, most
healthful, and may be. eaten warm and fresh -without
discomfort even by those of delicate digestion, which
is not true of bread made in any other way.
To make One Lioaf of Royal Unfermented Bread
a quart flour, a teaspoonaful salt, half a teaspoonful.al slur.
a heaplag teaspooir tRoyal Baki au Powder,* aldolled
potato about the alme of larg hen's egg, als water.
Sift together thoroughly Sour, salt. sugar, and baking powder; rub in the
potato; add sufncient water to mix smoothly and rapidly into a stiffbatter.
about as soft as for pound-cake; about a pint of water to a quart of fiourwill
be required-more or less, according to the brand and quality of the flour
used. Do not make a stif dough. like yeast bread. Pour the batter into a
greased pan. 453 by 8 Inches, and 4 inches deep, filling about half full. The
loaf will rise to ill the pan when baked. Bake in very hot oven 45 minutes,
placing paper over first as minut. bakldng, to prevent crusting too so, on
top. Bake immediatelyafter milg. Do not mix with milk.
SPerfect iueas can he had only milth Ie Royal BahinsPowder. bracse if is Ite
onv fiowder in which the Ar dierantesar esvpwarad s at to gliw Skat costinwmsr
action f rcessary to mise She largar iverd loaf.
* *
The best baking powder made is, as shown by analy
sis, the "Royal." Its leavening strength has been found
superior to other baking powders, and, as far as I know,
it is the only powder which will raise large bread perfectly.
Cyrus Edsons, M. D.
Com'r of Health, New-York City.
Breadmakers using this receipt who will write the result
of their experience will receive, free, the most practical cook
book published, containing zooe receipts for all kinds of
cooking. Address
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 106 WALL ST., NEW-YORK.
Duno the late civil war New Jer
soy furnished the national army with
79,511 troops. In 1870 the legislature
refused to ratify the fifteenth ameud
ment to the national constitution on
the ground that the right to regulate
suffrage is vested in the respective
states.
A DocrtL disposition will, with ap
plication, surmount every diflculty.
Manilius.
"ThAT," said the rapid young man, as he
pointed to his steam yacht "is mny floating
indebtedness."-Washington Star.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative ; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any subetilute if offered.
" A HINT TO THE WISE
C HEW -" is sufficient"
HORSE SHOE PLUG.
. .GARAN2'EED TO G IVEý WATIIiAO2ION. .
COLLARS AN. CuFFS.
ý ea begooy
MADE ONLY BY
'N.ICFAIRBANK & CO. ST. LOUIS.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDSICLEANLINESS.
d4POLIO SHOULD BE' usD IN EVERY KITCHEN.
KxrP the pores open is essential to health.
Glenn's Sulphur Soap does this.
Hill's Hair and Whisker Dye, 50 cents. -
PosItrmv, wait; comparative, waiter; sa.
polative, go and get it yourself.
HA~La's CATAnRN COas is a liquid and is
taken internally. Sold by Druggists, 75c.
Tna fat man in the side show is lying in
wait for his victim.--Galveston News.
aSH B1 NA3
This Trade Zark la an the best
WATERPROOF COAT
nIutrated in the World I
A. J. TOWER. BOSTON. MASS.
-I EWIS' 98 %. LYE
The stronpgat and purest Lye
mande. Unlike other Lye it being
a fine powder and packed in a can
with removable lid. the contents
are always ready for use. WillI
nake the boet perfumed Hard
Soap in 20 minutes icAthout boil.
iag. It Is the best for cleansing
waste pipes. disinfecting sinks,
SI G A TO SCHICKASAW
CATI IRON
N WORKS.
Machinery and Machinery Supplies.
3--rA3T LasD lies. I Write r oruprtee
XOOEPOMATUD rt. I Memphis, Tess.
moanms tees ra w ees tatseeast,
IMEE the announcement of Dr. .1. W. IHatt,
the Specialmst of Memphis, which will appear iit
this paper next week. His charges for treat
ment, by mail, are only 83.00 per month, includ
Ilg mi eicines.
Piso's Remedy forCatarrh is the
Best, Easest to Use, and Cheapest.
Sold by druggists or sent by mail.
50c. E. T. Hazettine. Warren. Pa.
A. N. K.. F. 1462
WHEN WXITIROS TO ADVERTISERS PLEASM
sas- that se saw the Advertlemeent bm this
eeus-