.;:aved From the Grave
in Face and Neck
Aa.-:lind at Times
y, es* ' .a . anmas msSM saesses**
i»;-bv been a very great sufferer frees
Gcs.flhla First, alarge bunch came in my neek,
graPwling as big as a good sized apple. The doe
itesanoed it, and we succeeded in healing it up,
imbusth disease began to appear in my face.
Swlah ould swell up and affsect my eyes Z -
' alornng D they were so inflamed and swollen
' rowas blitad. Iwas in this conditios for
bota year. I beesgan to take Hoods arsamp
` u>lk and when I lad used a bottle and a ball,
,, .Iswellng nmmy face had entirely gone down.
I Have Been Perfotly Curq4
asi am now in good health." W. Easzcw West
is ulnth, Mian.
Hood's Pille cure Constipation by restor
tng the peristslto ltton of the almentary caal.
-t,
CSRRCRYA
CHOLERA INFANTUM,
-S ALL
AIFECTIONS OF THE BOWELS.
OzvoRD L is,July ML58
Gentlemen :-We have ud your rodie Co
dial in our fnml for some tim past, and are
,ercet? satisfied with its effects. Would not
Sdo without itL R aespectfully.
J. X. RosnesoN.
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCSlTS.
PRSICK. So. and $1.00.
Prepared by f. L. LYONS & CO.
New Orlea.s. sn.
The Greatest Medical Dlscpvery
of the Age.
KENNEDY'S
MEDICAL DISCOVERY.
DONALD KENNEDY, OF ROXBURY, MASS.,
Has discovered in one of our common
pasture weeds a remedy that cures every
kind of Humor, from the worst Scrofula
down to a common Pimple.
He has tried it in over eleven hundred
cases, and never failed except in two cases
(both thunder humor). He has now In his
possession over two hundred certificates
of Its value, all within twenty miles of
Boston.
A benefit is always experienced from
the first bottle and a perfect cure is war
wanted when the right quantity is taken.
When the lungs are affected it causes
shooting pains like needles -passing
through them; the same with the Liver or
Bowes. This is caused by the ducts being
stopped, and always disappears In a week
after taking it. a
If the stomach is foul or bilious it will
cause squeamish feelings at first.
No change of diet ever necessary. Eat
the best you can get, and enough of It.
Dose, one tablespoonful in water at bed
time. Read the Label. Send for Book.
McELREES'
WINE OF CARDUI.
~1 3FoI FBIale Diseases.
~u BIWI
ELY'SCA
ItEMBALM
ooeanses the
~3uIPassages, 1 J
a PaIn and
nantton,
Seals the Boret.
Steeto-ese the
Nnes of raste
Ts* KOU3L
s ie*noeah nostril
uft~at r n~m
W ~1t Sme I..ed bia
nea pae '.
->er
l suu o ?sgl.poanotetao - pas.
aere -of cot should eaaslintm pro
daiers tat* reatlseal' of hard work
isathrown away every year.
3'n. imost,41kbry mU her41b cod
:vi la d furnishih conclusive edv
deaoe that th.fautlt is in the man and
not in the: soil. The great troublde b
hind all of this is in the universal die
position to plant more land thancan be
properly cared for.
The southern farmer isagiven to "big"
things, and his standing israttd by the
number of baled of cotton his planta
tion ships to market annually. There
is very little land in the cotton belt
that will not (properly managed) pro
duce from 400 to 600 pounds of lint cot
ton in fair seasons; yet we see the aver
age falls below 100 pounds for the en
tire acreage.
The lands of the Yazoo Delta will,
with good cultivation, produce 500
pounds of lint cotton or fifty bushelsof
corn per acre, yet the average given
for this section is about 200 pounds of
cotton and twenty bushels of corn.
Riding over the country, one fre
quently sees a fine -crop of cotton and
corn, belonging to the same tenant,
while on the same kind of soil, in the
same inclosure, will be seen another
crop scarcely worth preserving.
Inquiry will reveal that in the first
instance the tenant has just what he
can attend to carefull, while the other
is badly over-cropped, and necessarily
loses in yield. It is possible for the
southern farmer to bring up his land
to a paying point by a judicious course
of rotation. The cow pea furnishes a
cheap and valuable soil renovator, and
the average southern farm can be re
stored to profitable production by the
use of cow peas alone.
A trial of this will convince the most
skeptical. It must be understood that
no crop should be plowed undcr green
in our warm climate, but it should be
left until frost has killed vegetation
and then turned under, or do it in the
winter. (January being the best time.)
In this section, vegetation is so rank
that after June 1 it would be almost
impossible to plow under this rank
growth, in fact, it can hardly be done
in the winter, as the dead vines, weeds
and grass on vacant fields, are frequent
ly six to twelve inches deep, and must
be removed before the land can be
plowed. This is usually accomplished
by burning, a practice that should not
) be resorted to, if possible to avoid.
If our farming friends would learn
that it is much more profitable to take
only so much land as the means at their
command will justify, and give to that
the best attention in the preparation
and after cultivation, they will soon
cease complaining that farming does
not pay. Competition, even in the cot
ton-growing business, is dri ing the
limits of profit down to very narrow
margins.
We are told that revolutions never go
backward, therefore we must adapt
ourselves to the new conditions, or drop
out to make room for those who do. In
a few years more cotton production
will be carried into many countries that
have never before grown it. That the
United States can defy all competition
in this line I think certain. We can
produce cotton cheaper than other
countries by using improved labor
saving implements. The "picker'
will be forthcoming when the
time demands it. When it does, cot
ton will be produced at a cost of three
cents per pound. At present, pine cot
ton, grown by the old methods, has
ceased to be profitable. We must pro
duce 500 pounds per acre to realise any
profit This can be easily obtained on
Yazoo Delta lands, properly cultivated,
and can be done without resort to use
of artificial fertilizers. -More attention
must be given to the pteparatiotn of
the soil before the seeds are planted.
Depending on the rains to pulverize
the cloddy land is a makeshift method.
A slow but sure method pays better in
the end. Quality of the article mar
keted should receive more attenition.
Quantity, without regard to quality,
requires more labor, more expense,
and certainly sells for less. Special
brands, once established and kept up
to a high standard, would become a
"trade mark" that would pay to keep
up.
There are several varieties of cotton
in cultivation here, that most in use
being the short staple, a prolific va
riety, and is always in demand at
.prices quoted in our daily papers. The
Peterkin and Taylor are mostly grown
in the county. Medium staple such as
Griffin, Southern Hope, Eureka. and
some others are also planted. They
are not quite so prolific as the shorter
staples. Cook and Allen are the stand
ard fancy staples; the first named is
decidedly the best paying of the two.
These fancy varietics are bought up
by thread mills and used for making
spool thread (for sewing.) They sell at
a premium over the other cotton,
ranging trom two to five cents. This
article would be too long if the sub
ject was followed to the enid. I defer
it.-W. I. Collins, in Practical Farmer.
MUCK AS MANURE.
AU tuck is Not Manure. nut It Is mu Ex
cellent Absorbent.
Not everything is gold that glitters;
not every soil is rich that looks black.
-Muck may be as black as coal, and yet
as poor as poverty. Muck is not tma
nure, and mucky soils may need tea
nuring more urgently than ordinary
uplands da.
flon't% imagine you can raise any kind
of vegetables without the free use of
manures, because you have a nice piece
of black, mucky soil.
True, tuch soil has certain advan
iages. It works easily and can be
tilled and kept free from weeds with a
minimum of effort, and at the satme
time it is remarkably fitted for holding
moisture and withstanding the ill ef
feets of a drought. But don't forget
to use manures in liberal quantities it
you want good crops of roots, onions.
celery, lettuce, radishes, turnips and
other garden vegetables.
It is not always necessary to use barn
yard manures, Ash.e and dissolved
bone or chemical, mineral ItgglhJpgr
(supplying phosphoric aci ;ad potash)
will often give you as good results on
muck as yard manure. But in anycase
you must use plenty of these plant
foods Many muck beds or deposits
are but little more than carbon, and
almost entirely destitute of potash and
phosphoric acid. Others have a good
percentage of nitrogen, which, how
ever, is not immediatply aVailable for
plant-food,
While mug)., hesaefore, can not take
Pii. plU{ Pf warure, where compleetl
.` " lk I X 11 `
Wt=ly ocf.d ibeh o, the nThey.are
Add tI gofguof nth y ond mok with ihw
ycrbonu and mii thoe are and remai the
clampy. Allathe one mhe soilntawi plenty
pe nicely, become as mellow acd ye thi
soilheap and unproductve, because theplant
The plant*,tood, heretofore bound up
tightlyked up in thee great lumps, has bemn
tirely out of reach of the jpIant4.
available and goodunt crtof muck win.th its
arbDon imagine, homveit thoroughly with thect
isclay. All at once the -fods"il which ypul
havie nicaddedly, becomey adding mellwck. The muckan
heap and produce gimprood cropthe s.mea
condiThe plantof theoodclay soil. Clear sbound up
eanalsobe haprovedin texture, aswell
tightly in their capacity for holding moistre,
Sby addition of much or mold. But as
avthe average mnekd good contains are gconsidera-own.
Dobly amount magiof nitrogenver, that the effect
is diretly as a m"plant-foods" which yougen
have added by adding muck. The muck
ihas neededsimply improvided the nd meanicals to
condimake this nitrogen of theclay sovail. able for plantds
u se or can wait until it -will thus be*
comean also be improved in texture. acowrsell
asin theireapacity for holding moisture,
ofby addition of muck or mold. But asld
the average muck contains a considera
blhave amoun fertilizing value of nitrogen, nwe an use it
pdirectly as a manure, where nitrogen alone, if all
is needed, providepd we find means to
of make this nitrogen available for plant
SOwtners of much beds mine a good
r chance if they refuse to get out a lotof
use or cckan wletait becomeuntil it -will thus bean
coadmirable ablenasorbenturally in the course and
Shenhouises, and when used as bedding
beof time. Somsriche samples of muck wouldre,
Sgood for any crop which the gardener
g rows, and for any kind ofsoil. Now,
while the swpamps are dry, is a good
have a for haulzing value of nine dofallars
when mton andfor their nitrogen alone, if allams are not crowded
t oit werk, avalable. good time to ditch the
swa'Nmps. There are as yet thousanmds
of acres of such land, partially orod
wholly ulnder w-ater, which, with a
chance omparatively refuinconsiderable out a lotoin
moneyuck and let it become dry. It is ande to
r admirable absorbent In stables and
henhouses, and the rose," asd bedding
beck forthmcrs a wortich huand effective manure,
a good foear toany crop which the gardenere riri
Farmer.
el Feeding Horses.
grows, A great many horses are injured andow,
whilsome of the swamps are dry, is a goodim
timprope for haueeding muck, tand in fallth
e material ased is not especially adapted
wi to th work, a good tanimals, while inthe
Sothers it is actually injurious.are as yet thousands
ofany caseres of such land, partially orheaves are caused by
ewholly under water, which, w th a
a feeding musty hivelayinco and even more outay inl
e money and labor, might bthe smade of
rblossomdamaged grain. There are," alsond briant
Scasesforth crops worth hundreds of dollarsth ii
en proper use of good materiatls. Thile a
Sfew feedar too little hay, thrdener.-The are manairie
It Farmer.
ho give Ftheir horses altogether to.
-large a quantity:;
e The fill their man many horses or sainjureds, and
r when the animalsbsave disposed of what
somthey reeived a new supply spoied by im-ven.
t In this way when the horses are in the
e material used is not especially adapted
t barn, mostto the needs of the antime they are, as farin
Pt otheras quantit is actually injurious.eatly over
Sfed.
ahen thcases of heaorses are carequired forby
t feediork, and realmusty hayneed fooand even more thanil
e mhen they armust be traced to the use they
r damaged grain. There are also tziany
t cases of diseiases resulting frond the min=
Spoper usceie of good smatlle ials. While antit.
i hfew feed tayoo little haydo in there matter ismany
r who givfeed the their horses regularly, giving himtoo
- large a qbundant quantiy, ot odrfeediny
LL They till their mangers or sacks, and
f when the animatsorl is requirsposed grof what
tshould be addceived to the hasupply in propor-given.
t In this waythe workhen the horses are in thed.
t barn, most of the time they are, as far
P as quantity is concerned, greatly over
1fed.
Even when thethe horses are required forsmall
-quantities of gr-ain fed with this hayi
t work, and really need foohim and imore thano
a when they ate eouupal'atibelylidl, they
Sreceivtae it itihe ownsmler than the tseyof
I he safe way to do in the matter isrld.
Bddr to feed the horses thregularly, giving hima
-an abundant quantity, not overfeeding
him. Whets Work is requircd grain
Our should be addbreed to the hay int propoider
tion to the wvork required.
id tEven whenat the sheep is idle smalle
- quantities of grain fed wprith this cohay
cerned, and that either the lamb or the
Swill be better fpelt or himoff it, and will bepay fior
its anprofitable for the owner thanes f the use of
"graer cowhay say here is ld. ilk ee
1
Biddyday if you want it, whether for butterCake.
oOur sheep breeders pointcewith pridea
1ib the fact thapoint the sheep is a oumarbe
f geared animal, so far as profit is con
hatcerned, and that either theway and giveor the
wo colt as clear pelt or off it, ihoweverl pay for
beats authem all. kee. The advdetes f the
"gFirst, tahger's cow" say here eggs milkfresh andevery
_ day if you want it, whether for butter
or cheese, casnd any calfay in the yeartear
young chseme points toen she brogets timare
ii and needs a couple of months vaca
tion; chickens which in from three to
.five months aIre a cash crop for which
that will world k h er way and give the
jcolt as clear profit. Biddy, however,
Sbeats them all.
SFirst, t ere are the eggs fresh andf
Scornig, and lash antly the bodday inof the hen it-ar
youngself, a valuable product after yielding
andthr needs a couple of months uble pur
tion; chicknial s wha iod thing, but the iddto
fivdoubles months are double-pua cash crop for whichand
tcackles, as she world will pays lear a good priceght then
manure fit to grow premium crops of
· do.-Haomestead.~
HERE AND THERE.
S-Bacorn, and lastly the body of thle hcents a pound it
t ought to put somte sense into the heada
Sof farmers who buyi it.
s -The pt'~adnt of first crosses matke
Sgoalt irest isgs. frantge Mad ab~nan erl
agelf, with a reasonluable product amount of feed.ing
-"Proof of the pudding is chewing
three distinct profits. A doublthe pur-calf
pose animal is a gproof, for thngey take theBiddy
u milk and leave the dry bag for the caln
to chews
S --Fruit trees are more liable to bear
*every year if thop are not allowed to
- overbearc While thinning fruia hen
too thick gives a better quality, it also
ughie a better t hance to the tree for the
next year's fruit.
-Of course it is desirable to meed
gell, bwt someamen make ammistake by
overfeeding. Your pigs especially can
be stunted in this wpd. A steady corn
dieth ill accomplish it in short order.
-prohe European demand for bay
- should encourage our farmers to pay
more attention in figuring up coplmer
et ciae statistics. Hay is one of our most
Svaluable crops, and quantities are con
evumed on firms where it is produced.t
t -The shreveport (La.) papers tell
t of a farmer Wear that city who has di
SVersified erops ear after year and is
one of the most prosperous men in that
section. He has sold p,000 poends of
Shome raised bacon this yearA That is
ithe kind of a corner on bscon" every
a ggthern farmer needs.
· -Corn meal, as everybody knowos, is
the E ropt ad cheapent food for fhatey
ing kgl ' rr of poultry. The meal
a should be fe ragw ou ar mto payo
mrI s aten doigh, and foogundghe c e
Severy soti soirs throay gh iso eof or m
I vlinnang early and enqing late, anr
Sgive as mch rt a time as will be taeen
rsimmediately, and no more. easorn as
culetofuthe most prslrous m enrin that
a their food, and add a stigftood orfraten
i aen kie , oif poultriy. The ma
I stif doughql~y an okdt- s
y.rswwitiui -"i }ewritl~ 'Lated
Lyric." -a submits ,her. f~aansr
for idn~
t.a c~if~1i~~ a ·suuftiiea~reS
-Uz-4 wenat Harrison gets good
pay why his pen to write a
few iMins. eCoameypolitsn seat him
a check fora me thousand si handred
sad sizty-sixdollars in payment toran
artile of less than; eight thousand
words which appeared in the Septem
her number.
-"Margaret Sidney," the popular
writer for children, is a sweet-faced.
simple little woman with sunny-hair
and laughing eyes. Since the death of
her htisband, Mr. B. Lathrop, the pub
liaber, she has given close attention to
kiasbusiness and is at the office by eight
oelock every morning.
--Miss Evart, of Somerville, aid Miss
Les, of Lady Margaret hall, were in
the first lass of the latest list of Enod
ern hisat*y honors'at Oxford, and there
were fifteen other women who took
honors. The distinction of the first
alass is so great that only three men
out of over one hundred attained it.
-Miss Martha Ford, of Baitimore,
had the honor of being selected toread
the "Star Spangled Banner" on Mairy=
land's day at tho World's fair, depteim
ber 12. Miss Ford wore many colors
orange and black. She is a graduate
of the Baltimore high school, where
she fiaished her course with marked
distinction, being the Valedictorian of
her class
T-hirty-eight novels and thirty
books other than fiction have been writ
ten by Miss Charlotte Mi. longe aniid
she continues to write, although she
has just passed her seventieth birth
day. Upon that day an autograph al
bum was presented to her, containing
the signatures of five thousand ad
mirers. There was no public presenta
tion, but the book was left at her house
in Otterboarne, a village near South
ampton.
-M-me.Christine Nllsson, now known
as the countess of Miranda, lives, for
the greater part of the year, in a Afine
house-almost a flace-ait Madrid. In
its internal decorations she has dis
played a certain amount of eccentrici
ty, for her bed-room is papered with
sheets of music from the scores of the
various operas that she has interpreted,
while the walls of the dinning-room
are covered with a 681ld4tldit of hotel
bills, the result of the singer's many
professional travels in both hemi
spheres.
-When Dr. W. Seward Webb's new
house in the Adirondanks is completed
it Will Ihadv dOst one million five hun
dred thousand dollats, tand will pioba
bly be the finest private residense in
Amefida. haif an adfe of ground will
be covered by the house, which will be
built of granite, and wvll contain one
hundred and seven rooms. It will re
quire three years to finish the building,
and after its completion Di. Webb will
entertain there on a royal scale. lie is
still a young man, and was poor when
he began his money-making career." He
is now third vice-president of the New
York Central railroad, and possesses a
superb estate in the Adirondacks.
HUiiMOROJ&.
-In all civilized countries the num
ber of criminals has increased from ten
to thirty:fib per cent: in the last fifty
years.
-A High-Toned Costume.-Mrs. Gaz
zam - "What did Mrs. Biddle-Biddle
wear?" Mrs. Keedick-"She wore full
di:est abiiie heriyjisidd." J-rudcge:
-Waiter (atSaratoga)-"Chips, sir?"
Straightflush (his mind still on last
night's little game)-"Yes; two stacks,
both blue."-Buffalo Courier.
-"I #uets the day for me to be or
top is past," soliloquized the battered
derby hat in the ash barrel, "but even
now I am no slouch, and never will be
See?"-Indianapolls Journal.
-Poet-"Catl I see the editor?" Of
flee Boy-"¶es, if you'll give set a
lime:" Pbet-"I'I will whed I come
out." Office Bioy-"Yes, but you won't
have time then."
-"My pigmy counterpart." the poet wrote
Of his dear child, the darling of his heart:
Then longed to clutch the stupid printer's
throat
That set it up-"My pig my counterpart."
-Antony Chekyl, in Ilarper's Weekly.
-A Word for Himself.-"¶ihe smau I
marry must be handsome," she said.
"I'm afraid he will not be," he answered.
"WVhy not?" '"Because very beautiful
women usually marry plain men."-N.
Y. Press.
-"That was an awful fall Dempsey
had from the cable train this morn
ing." "How did it happen?" "He saw
his wife step off the right way and the
shock caused hire to lose his footing."
-Inter-Ocean.
-Photograph seller, saturated with
modernism, to fair customer-She
"Have you a photograph of Washing
ton Irving?" He-"Yes ma'am! But
if you will pardon my correction, his
first name is Henry."
-Their Respective Worth. - Clara
(languidly)-'"My fiancee is seventy
years old, and 1s worth a million."
Mary-"Mine is twenty-eight, and I
wouldn't take a hundred millions for
him."-Detroit Free Press.
-The Effort Abandoned-Grinnen
"And young Fridley went to the dogs,
did he? The last time I heard of him
Miss Niggles was trying to reform
him." Barrett-"Yes, but she gave
that up. She married him."-Chicago
Tribune.
-Jack Aston (to the s'teenth heiress)
-"Must it be no always, Miss Scadds?
My love pleads before a merciless
judge." Miss Scadda-"True; but what
ought an habitual criminal to expect?"
-Kate Field's Washington.
-Hungry Higgins-"I s'pose you
didn't know I was a soldier?" WVeary
Watkins-"No. What army did you
ever belong to?" Hungry Higgins
"The great army of the unemployed.
Been soldierin' in it all me life."--In
dianapolis Journal.
-Landlord-"Now don't tell me you
want a new furnace in the house. You
know I put one in last year." Tenant
-"I know that, and it's a fine furnace,
but I think there isone thing it needs."
Landlord-"And what is that, pray?"
Tenant-"A new house around it."
Harper's Bazaar.
*-He (wedded for revenue only)
"Cross again! And this only the see
cad week of our alleged honeymoon!"
She-"It has been a dreadful mistake.
"4T vou seek for my hand when
7Yy a* - "'I not be yours?" He
my heart eon.... was your hand I
(elmly)--"Bcause "u hueck with
wanted. You can't sign a -
your hbart"-Pittsburk BuIietth
risorns .e arms seenstenote ...
£ see d. ovs ohitss i n00 :p
A s.Aar.Wb mSourwe seihe fnlepa's
Aate u of >ore iweiss **i0po* x
-A w~m* of butter we hs 56 pooh:l
Tuo *raestmeetpeorwas mDae a tae;
a ev&a is tea sdivea-elghth aehes.;
A stirros m' moves th: tyet mases a
hour..
A uuocsso.&n modves eighty .miles an
hourail. ___torin ___r_ _ e
'HISTORIC AMERICAN TRIUMPH.
Noisei. oI5m of oher toeeis weaol's Hobs
Coarin tesireent to inou& Dakst to Thebo
Cs mnasleas of North D akesa hs YIeo
larleeti ag ablMaero ae weorhk.
onry-ave. Deering Twine r ader, form
ing a procession ha smile in leih, and
steadily moving through a Waving sea of
when t-uhwase o the eight el att eeted the
Feigs Cotmmirsstaoero the omRforts Foa
thous-and. mie fourne free Chiespot an
sadtis fris of North Dakota. Tahis impos
ing spactrhce was hitnesied oe the grenatlk
Valley farm st Lrlmore, orth Daitai -s
farm- oompresing 1,000 aores or nearly 1
square miles, 10,000 acres of which formed
eosrt unbroken fenceless Saeid of wheat. To
Writneas this sight the disatinguished spe
~tdl5.EIiyii sinlNfiftere lEsi diploinats
World's air Coey rav ledY she r reoresen
tatlrds of te foreign ptros, tgethetr With
4 e tual number of Americans, eminent in
m l's F Railroad and Commeral sir
le had tinaertaked the dscomfoarte of a
thousand mile journey rom no hidgoe nd
the exclamations of deslight and sli s,
and the cries of "bravo" that rang out on
the air showed that their expetations were
vastly more than realised. Sent here to
ettidy all things American, thesne gentle
ien bhrd been eapecially desirous of witness
indg the methods in vogue aon the mucho
talked-of 'bonansa" wheat farms. Pour
days beoutreothiebad left Chicago a guests
of the g; MilwaukeeBSt. Paul Rail
orod, illn 1hoor route from Chicago to St.
Paul they received one dontihtofl ova
tion. From St. Paul through Minnesota and
North Dakota they traveled ias uests of the
Great Northern Railroad, and the farther
north they traveled the warmer and more
cordial was their recepttion. Here at Ladri
more they found the climax of interest and
the height of hospitality. They were met
at their tras and escorted to carriages by
whet seemed to be the whole population of
the little city of Larimore, headed by 0. ii.
Phill , th e Mayor Go Shortdge and
N. U*. Larimore, ite proprietor of the
grat 1arm which they were to see.
Slently and oalmost breathlessly at first
they tieWed the mighty phaloe of mea
chinel; then puicklyo alighting from their
oonvej hde the'h followed the machines on
foot, eagerly peering into their mechanism
s i bent on teding thbe secret of their per
fect, automatic, almost noiseless action.
FTor arn hour or more they followed the
machines, asking innumerable questions of
Mr. Larimore and his sons, when they were
called to onw aide of the field where scion
tfio teste ,b drftft Iters being made under
the siapervlsioi'bf a aytn 0. H. hllipes and
Mr. C. H. Or mstesd. cne thachnareu tested
-the Deering Pony binder and tue neering
[deal mower-were remarkable because
embodying the ball and roller bearings,
such as are used in bicycles and bicycle
sulkies. Twelve tests were made on each
machike with a registered Ostenheld A
Eickeaetdlhatiholnter, ench representing
thie draft involved in cutting a six-foot
swath, 100 feet In length, In twnhty to
twenty-five seconds of time. The six cut
ting teasts off the binder showed an average
eof only 9th pPobhd of draft. The siD tests
Tn which the machine was fWen it ear oven
the tops of the stubble just out, knoWh as
the "rolling draft" test, showed an average
draft of only a207 pounds. The Deering
Ideal nio*stf a new machine also fitted with
the bicycle bearings, in heavygrass showed
a cutting draft averaging 120 phtmnds, pad
tise roling draft ninety-two pounds. The
remarkably low drtaft-about half the draft
of ordinary machines-shown by thes fig
urea for both machines was carefully noted
by the astonished visitors as demonstrarting
eitsereot q ability of the bic-cle bearings.
The iane Pony hnder, drawn by two light
mules ofut oilt Aioii 4i wheat in twenty-two
and a half minutes.
arns Towira USnD.
A notable feature of the binder test was
the ua.ae the Pony binder of the Deering
"eaper" bla-mac mady from a wood fibre.
This twine patented by Gilliam Peering r
Co., bids lair to prove a Watedlds se the
twine trust, for it can be made and sold it
prices considerably below those now paid
for the hemp and sisal fibres.
At the t e of these tests the commis
sioners, teogthei f With o slty of specatorsr
were tenderled a goodr aitis taort: isrle
chicken dinner by Mrs. Larimoibe od her
neighbors. Toasts followed. Gov. Short
ridge, Mayor Phillips and Rev. . H. Keeley
delivered eloquent addresses of wetcome,
whidb were responded to by D. M. De Per
alta, of Cosf4 rtition Mr. A.t Grineysky, to
assistant Russian comliiihlodfr; on Al
beiti Gomes Runno, of U-ug-iny ;t. Iar
ry Vincent, of Costa Rica, and ,pudge At
water, of Minneapolis. Mr. Laruloore also
spoke. He said that by using the best
methods aid machinery he had reduced the
cost of raising and inrketing wheat to be
tween r4 re0 and o5.00 an srd.
nt. asPrar Souardimezs ad cbiisstasoli4.
iMr. ,ofii- a. Apoplrta-o the Inventor of
the Appleby twine Oinadef. ittdse pres
ence was a surprise to the conltriseioliefa,
told of the history of his early struggles
and the final universal adoption of his in
vention. He paid a glowing tribute to Mr.
William Deering, to whose enterprise he
said the world was indebted for the intro
duction ad genteral adoption of the ma
chitl-. eaid he:
"In 1579. whei the Deering Company made
seventy-flve of these binderis people smiled
knowingly and predicted inllure. The next
rear when Mr. Deering mace 3,00 of the ma
shines, the manufacturers of the old reaper and
the wire binder said he was crazy. If le was
erasz al the manufacturers of harvesting ma
chinery who have been forced to follow his ex
ample have also become vlolctly insane
Ilaughter and the millions of farmers who
now use the Invention ame fit candidates or a
lunatic asylum."· iLaughter and applause.]
The excursionists left for Alton and the
great Datrympls farms at 4 p. in., where
they witnessed thmealaing machines atworlc
on a crop of wheat that was cut from 77,000
acres by 190 Deering binders-a make thai
La us ad exclustvely by the Dlype
From ALtron they journeyedp to Fargod, wh~gere
they were royally received and sh~own the
marvelous resullt of werstemn pluck, which
In a season of hard times had built a solid
city of bi'lck and mortar on the bed of ashes
that had Ilan smokifng there only ninety
days before. From Fargto, the guests re
turned to Chicago brim fnl of enthusiasm
ever the wonders thoy had seen.
HtnnD.-"ifss Digatorco is very fond of
fancy work,. is shle not?" "·Yes; she even
carries it into her converssrtion."~-Truth.
BELONYGS TO A PAST AGE
-the great, _griping,
mauseating pill
In this enlightened
youU have Dr.
Plessant PsI
-better becase
easiest in their action;
helter becaruse they do·
loafing goo&l
They have a tonic
effect on the lining
membranesr and per
'manentljfcure Consti
pation, Biliousness,
Inidgestion, 8 cv o Bilious sdce
liver, stomach, and bwl
s~tmeeato have undergone hc~hange-
onile~rmro mprve and i nrol,(a throea5
th Pclleteb'. have done my lver ominm
Li eeghn
·,"
liYP p W~ ~i~ e~~i: i.,..
r, ..
~·: ~
J:e ~h
F:
i r,
r. -·
:·.·'
1. "~ r·~·
·i ..e :j~~· ·e
;1~ ·· ··
~· i·, ,·4 ;, er~·" -;
:1- .·'. .ce
:···- ~·"
~rl
:.I
)I ' : . ··r;;% ---crrzK~ JLu·~I~-~A~;z~.·l C~ -;
rLr~·i.'~·irC·~r;t~:·. :
]we no use to ask the mao<; p fý.
to hav, a tooth- mlet! w a
think that ibis Aj bah-ej -fir
omervile. Jourasi.
Ma? - "WelL. she's-S perfeeteI
roiws !'Wh-t'W is her letesti"
she-actuall bee cried for two or
three days because her rich had. died"
Inter Ocesa. -
No shit will wake up in the morning aad
Red rhimself famous uMess he has worked
hard the day before
ew fraeugh Sleeplg Car mae
iro Chiaso.to Seattle via the Ohloge,
k taL Paul and e Gret Northern
Railways, sre been established and d t
colass sleeping ars will hereafter ran ily
fim r om hic t 11e:80 . IL, arriving at
Seaettle :P. ., fprth day This is a
N beed bet route to reach the neorth
For time tbles, maop ad other tse
mation apply to the nearemst ticket agen
address 030. H. UsArrolla, Gene
ieeded. Agent, C., a. m St. m. $n, Chicago
*A wis edltoi wants to know why peon
pie ss a( man "tess his oats" when he ealy,
ple elsist ye.-Sifings.
Vital Ener.gy Is s eewed.
when strength and health have run down,
by a timely resort to the helpful, bracing
tonic, ostetter's Stomach Bitters, particu
lery adapted to the wants of nervous, dy
upeptc, bilious invalids If worn out by
anentalstrain, the care of business or over
work, seek iets prompt ad beniegn aid. It
aennihilates malarial complaint, and is aen
efficient remedy for incipient rheumatism
and neuralgia.tee
Wno was the first wheelmant rFather
Time. From the beginning ho has one by
on cycles.t
When Dature
Needs assIstance it may be best to render
it promptly, but one should remember to use
even the moat .perfect remedies only when
needed. The best anu most simple and gen
~ manufac
to remed t hes the lifoJynia of g Syrup Co. o
tured by tote rnP i BrlgC
Il 6it goes without saying," why do peo
ple persist In saying iti
RuT. N. P. CAsso r. Scotland. Dak., says:
"Two bottles of Hall's Catarrh Cure com
pletely cured my little girl." Sold by Drug.
gists. 750.
'August
Flower"
" I am happy to state to you and
to suffering humanity, that my wife
ha tised your wonderful remedy,
August Flower, for sick headache
and palpitation of the heart, with
satisfactory results. Forseveralyears
she has been a great sufferer, has
been under the treatment of eminent
physicians in this city and Boston,
and found little relief. She was'n
duced to try August Flower, which
gave immedaite relief. We cannot
say to much for it.'"' L. C. Frost,
Springfield, Mass.
Latest Styles
Dr
L est DrasLeM
mi. V5aniti lssni ,ss isW
a ss .IS~iif;lii s
* semss'
-5
HORSE SHOE PLUG
Is Surely the Best Ohewing Tobeasee
MANUFACTURED. ITrOitOnceanToallUselothoer.
*WILLIAM TELL
our f lothrb
TO USE NO OTHER
S FOR LAUNDPRY
"- AN HOUSEHO.ID
SPUR POSES,
.THANT
I IS FARSUPERIOR TO ANYOTNHER IN THE MARKIT
ANP IS MADE ONLY BY
SN!*FAIRIN CO.
ST. LOUIS.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED -
SAPOLO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLu SS.
SIAPOlUO SHOULD B3 usra IN EVMRY 4i(T.O
- iz
m. Mw
Other rS':`
~·~jiW. 3LKBRa b tZ'
I~a A~? c a slip.
Otne~ (he.p D !
bi d ,em weeeure. .iw eq
se5at If EiLYQO ahGor Duguh
Wh ufrt
""a ý 71ý !
e.a seo ar y ta=1e 1Mho [e s
Why Suffer?
II I. os o docor am' t Jnoeeq~lud
I I Re~l ~ ·~I·~O
bb ebao e wtl b, 1- a be kind rft w wbleb
ýýoýees werr re ac 0. af1
de mblnt. Ie.w
pie. bnir. free,. ge e e.
mrfs~ raRS..ra - fem Tee
NEEDLE Sr.M For.,. Su.e
WNA~T Tred NMein
REPAIRB. A nd1aIorwbo Uý_
ýfura uiIS ·ts...s +". Fss55s
DON:'T FORCETZ...
sc7a B n. Data 01 PIILLI B W r,
a Toow for otng and ELUTRi
oW-s&I Rm VP..,r nra.ea
AGENTS them. anmae fs o soerda
Bend ft for sample. C. H.
815.00 to 35o60.00 a'"de oB F
JOUWEON1 CO..2t00 4 Dan 8L. MttLUtOfd.iU.
wrs~uarn warS .. e.aeeJ
who baye weak lung or-,Asb
ma. hould on Pro'Care for
Consumption. It haseeed
euaem de. Ithes otoit. k
one. I is not bad to tae
it Ia the bet Dough eymp.
old everwhee. fB.e
A. N. K.. F. 1489
wuP ars W IS hTOADVEETZBB PsUsm
.fete fhS lea sew She £dwe t mhemu If. us
-wee~