5'
o rchased to anplae in
opt oht any poanytai the
Stes 'days from time
and you, have. thirt
o ae the jorney andtet
S2he rate is pns fare for he
you shouid travel rthe h
e entering theo- Strf ro
era the "Horno Seeker" .a
4 reo routes. either via Mempi)ls
'- New Orleans, and that is ml
toW ttLeessi thoroughB
rlond. Correponcienoe eo
the undersigned o will gie ae
ion ae to rwti t5 anad oh
rwsrd folders, showing me of lh
ronnectios presenl eta 2,
of the ýEy· Ifyouste
.to TrJ wLrtayon to write ha
tom ri wentea will hegtves prompt ce
.:<fla. J. ice. , of
a,, sa. --Ou T-ad oe, hc
Then. Sin ttow . Soouth- ji
Yyy ugtrend net '][it, an t.rue
- bs aelegate doesn't need to be hi
°` areata ioenie Ito presen a striking hi
' r Courier.u
w5as. i.w Vredpula, 11. Y. says:
r:: "Qd~nbbt n;all on you for the 6100 reward,
ý foo.b've Hall'a Catarrh Cure will cure
.ny cae of catarrh. Wan. Wrte
hims for particulars._Sold by Druggists,
A.MLwTc doesn't know enough to keep in
ihen iyyatkai AIt all- events, it is sure to
_ t *iLAr it. a 5 - I
andL
wai y hiidreo in wot t. der
fu PRl mannoer b Hood ..
Preparlaed by Mr. Ed.
wa"Gr Hbert, Lrencem an
Justtrng, had requentacking
physicians said was Etta hibert·
caused by heart trouble. Nothinggaveherany
streogth tile alve suf her thood'at way some
timHer general health impto ged until shem isbe
asrouhelthy and rexposed. I meet alld.
o d'Syrup ive years for these. A few
Hood's Pills cure Consthem atio any stage.
The last one I had was stopped in
1""I
ly te lot lea urest
CHOLERA IAEE STRIP.
AECTIONS OF TH E BOWELS.
OSPO Lay., uly rth8.
entlemen :-We have ussed your rodi's Cow.
dial in our family for some time past, and are
perfectly Eatisfed with its effects. Would aot
i dowithout it. Respectfully,
.. At. ROsuemS,
SOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
PRICE, Oo. and $1.00.
Prepared by I. L. LYONS & Co.
.ew Orleans. L
"German
Just a bad cold, an aacking
cough. We all suffer that way some
times. How to get rid of them is
the study. isten--" I am a Ranch
man and Stock Raiser. My life is
rough and exposed. I meet all
weathers in the Colorado mountains.
I sometimes take colds. Often they
are severe. I have used German
Syrup five years for these. A few
doses will cure them at any stage.
The last one I had was stop d in
s4 hours. It is infallible." James
A. Lee. Jefferson, Col.
WORKS
Speola Chsi Correspoadenoal
In all the vast array of splendid e x
hibits in the mammoth building de
voted to. the malufactures and libenal
-.wts the -world's fair there are no.ae
more curious and beautiful than those
contained in the department of France.
Each of the different nations repre
-s-e has contributed lavishly of its
c st productions in the various
lines, and there is a strong spirit of
rivalry among them for the honor of
having the finest display;, but it is ex
ceedingly difcult for the unprejudiced
observer to determine to whom the
honor belongs. France, however, is
justly entitled to. rank with the best in
the display of paintings and .odd arti
cles of bric-a-brac. One may stroll for
hours among the wonders of other ex
hibits, and at each succeeding one do
A TWENTY THOUSAND DOLLAR VASE.
elare it to be better than those before
it, but Mwen he has been thorough the
French section he is free to pronounce
it unsurpassed in the whole exposition.:
It would require much space to
enumerate the attractions of this ex
hibit. Principal among them are some
very fine pieces of art pottery, colored
statuettes and table wares. In some
instances the prices are given, the
articles being on sale, to be delivered
at the close of the fair, and it almost
takes one's breath away to see the im
mense valuation placed upon some of
the smaller pieces. But they are only
for people who have long purses and do
not mind the outlay so long as their
Ti ff
fs / /
.12 f D
IrBF.NCH B YU DINO.
taste for art is gratified. Poor people a
who find themselves wandering about i
among the rich and costly articles so
freely displayed on every band view r
them in a mechanical way and pass on c
thinking no doubt that they are all
very fine but entirely useless as far as -
they are concerned. -
Passing by some of the expensive I
statuettes the other day an elderly,
homespun-looking sort of a woman I
paused and gazed curiously at a tiny
pink cherub with blue wings and yel
low hair, about the neck of which was
hung a card bearing the notice: "Sold,
6$5." After an indignant sniff or two
she turned to a woman at her elbow
and said: "My land! Twenty-five dol
lars for that little chaney doll! The
one that bought it must her more
money nor brains. We got one to home
on our mantle twict as big as that and
AMONG THE FINE POTTERY.
a heap purtier and it only cost half a
dollar." Later on the. old lady came
across a vase in the Japanese section
which bore -the price, $20,000, upon it.
She didn't have any at home that was
bigger or better than it was, but she
said, as she looked askance at the high
priced piece of pottery, that she'd be
hanged before she'd pay that much for
a "no-count pot."
It is not only in the Manufactures
building that the French vie with the
other nation La their exhibite. The
qrlt~~ Oi*S1W inm: w~peimoagI7
Iof aqe oft our best pain
leads them all in the art display. True'
tome of. her pictures w we determined
by thearteoasmittee to be a trifle too.
bald, but they were becomingly draped
with opaque hangings and the multi
tude can view the splendid exhibit
without any ofense to its sense of pro
priety.
The French building proper, situated
on the lake front north of the Ceylon
building, contains many features of in
terest. The building itself is quite im
posing. As viewed from thenorth, it
presents somewhat the appearance of a
colisenm but upon coming round to
the front on the east its aspect changes
and one is at a loss for a description of
its style of architecture. On the right
is a doorway leading through the build
ing into a semicircular gallery, elevated
but slightly from the ground, in which
are hung some very large paintings of
views in the French capital. Here the
Parisian may feast his eyes upon the
familiar scenes of his beloved "Paree,"
and point out to his friends the leading
places of interest in the great city.
Having passed along the entire
length of the gallery, leading up to
which are stairways from the central
court, which is a sort of garedn spot,
one enters a detached portion of the
building in which are a number of inter
esting exhibits of a mechanical and
scientific nature. Among other things
is a peculiar system of photography by
the aid of which criminals are detected,
in the demonstration given wax figures
being used to represent the culprit.
The foregoing comprise but a portion
of the French exhibits, the departments
of agriculture. horticulture, electricity
and mining each having an elaborate
display. It has developed that France
has indulged in some reflections on our
Columbian exposition, but in the out
set she came promptly forward and
contributed largely to its success and
she has reason to be proud of the good
showing she has made.
THE COLUMBIAN GUARD.
we Is on Bis Dignity and Wont Talk to
Common People.
In the ordnance department of the
government exhibit Uncle Sam has
fitted up several scores of models de
signed to illustrate the various uni
forms of his sailor and military boys.
They look very natural and lifelike.
Two visitors were going through the
section the other day. They had just
come from the Smithsonian exhibit and
wanted to go to the fishery section.
Not exactly knowing where to go, they
looked about for somebody to give them
the desired information. Suddenly one
of them noticed one of these models
half leaning over one of these exhibits.
"Yonder stands a guard," he re
marked to his friend; "doubtless he can
direct us."
"Oh, yes; let us go and ask him."
. They stepped up to the model.
"Beg pardon, guard," said the first
gentleman, touching the figure on the 1
shoulder, "in what portion of the build
ing is the fisheries exhibit?"
Of course there was no response.
"He did not hear you," remarked the
friend.
The question was repeated. No an
swer.
"Confound that fellow's ill-bred im
pudence," said the first gentleman, as
the two turned to move away; "did you
ever see the like?"
A bystander who had watched this
performance stepped up.
"Were you trying to obtain informa
tion from that thing?" he asked. "It
is useless," he went on. "The Colum
bian guard is a very much aggrieved in
dividual nowadays. They have been
jeered at so much of late for their dis
play of ignorance that at a mass meet
ing last night they resolved to radical
ly alter their tactics. Consequently
they seldom speak when addressed
now. It's easier not to put one's foot
in it this way. See? But let me give
you a closer view of this fellow.
You'll meet him again on the
grounds," and the three walked up to
the model.
"Why, that's a dummy," exclaimed
the first gentleman. "They all are,"
said the stranger, with a sweep of the
hand which might have meant the ord
nance section of the department or the
entire fair.
And they all laughed.
1Vaxrora sends laces ranging in value
from two cents to four hundred dollars
i a yard. Twenty years ago the -famous
old industry had about died out. There
s were only Ave women in Venice who
a preserved the secrets of making Ve
netian point lace. To-day four thou
a sand women of Venice make lace for
r .one firm at fifteen and sixteen cents a
day. In the Venetian lace house at
a the fair is forty thousand dollars' worth
S-of lace, with the veil patterned after
a that of Queen Mara Louil at the head
- of Ith exhIlu
5. strage 3'm? lass lem s a: ys-al ..
Miaiiht:pa liasusaoe. Theloufl
street r ay wappedn s ence and -
shado. eq iir, Tpentrable. Light -
breeis afrom tho .great, h aying lake
beyond'"tirred with a gentimetouch the
thatched.roofs in the Dahomey village..
Away~tothe right lay the White City,
glistening inthe pale rays of the eleo
rlc light. Above, the quiet stars kept
silent watch over the slumbers of the
nations. With slow and measured step
the weary oltiablan- guard paced his
lonely beat before the hats of the
Africans, counting the weary hours till
dawn would bring relief and rest.
Anon, he glanced about him at the vil
lsge, the huts, strange and incongru
ous to western eyes, from which came
no sound save the heavy and regular
breathing of the sleeping Dahomeyans.
All was silent. No night lamps glim
mered in the tiny houses where Mor
phens heldasway.
But harkl *
WliL aund was that which broke
upon bhl Isotening ear, faint and far
off? And see, in yonder distant hut,
half concealed by the rough bark door,
a tiny flickering light! With sudden
start the wary guard made silent
progress jp the spot. Half-afraid, he
cautious ventured on, his mind
racked with doubts and fears for his
own safety. What could it mean, this
strange light at such an unholy hour?
And now he heard low voices in earn
eat converse and he paused in trepida
tion. A thousand thoughts fashed
through his mind in one brief moment.
A plot. perchance, for murder and
plunder in its wake, was hatch
ing in the minds and hearts of the
treacherous Africans in yonder hut.
He knew not what dark schemes of ra
pine might not be going forward, and
he listened with bated breath while he
stepped into the friendly shadow of a
hut. A single crackling twig might
betray him to certain death, and he
thought of his wife and- children with
aching heart. Then, with strained
ears, the night wind brought again that
sound half-subdued which first arrest
ed his attention. A light rattle as ia
arrows or deadlier weapons were being
prepared for carnagei Then the sense
of duty came floating back to him.
bringing renewed courage to his sink
ing heart. He was on guard and on
him it devolved to surprise the conspir
ators, if such they were, ere it was too
late.
Cautiously he moved forward toward
the hut whence the low voices and that
strange, mysterious rattle, awful in its
portent, still came at intervals. And
now he is just without the half-opened
door, kneeling on the ground and
eagerly straining every nerve to catch
a word from within. Suddenly the
sound came once again upon the still a
night air and a low, hoarse voice whis
pered with half-suppressed excite
ment: "Seven done, come a natural, dat
time, nigger. Fade you again for five.
Gimme dem bones and come, little Joe,
for a point." i
With starting eyes the guard still i
listened while the answering voice came
back: "Can't do it, son. Two bits you
don't come. Five on the high side. Ha!
here's my seven."
With a look of pained surprise the 11
disappointed guard silently retraced his 5
steps from the crap game, only stop- S
ping to mutter: "-Blood will tell."-Chi- f
cago News.1
A BRITON'S VIEW.
An Enthusasetle ECuloglum on Oar Great
sair.
What I saw when I gained the north- t
ern and eastern balconies of the Ad
ministration building surpassed and
surprised my highest expectations.
After all that pen and pencil had done f
to prepare me for the sight, I felt that =
not one-half had been told me. The
great White City which rose before me,
silent and awful, seemed to belong to
an order of things above our common
world. It was a poem entablatured a
in fairy palaces, only to be done into c
human speech by the voice of some
master singer. It was a dream of
beauty which blended the memory of
classic greatness with the sense of Al- 1
pine snows. It was an apocalypse of
the architectural imagination. The
wildness of the day lent its own
apocalyptic setting to the scene. A
swaying, drifting curtin of cloud shut
in the horizon, blursrmlg lake and sky
on the one side in an indistinguishable
haze, and on the other shrouding the
city in a gloom of smoke and rain.
Ever and again the towers of the fair
Ls were draped with wreaths of trailing
s. cloud, while the beating rain and chill
a- ing wind added to the elemental effect.
,n The cluster of buildings hung together
there a sort of city in the clouds, yet
severe and unmistakable in outline.
It was a vision of the ideal, enhaloed
st with mystery. The dreams of Colum'
,o bus, the aspirations of the pilgrim
4. fathers, the boundless possibilities of
the American continent itself, all seem
to have been crystallized in this mute
world of hall and peristyle, of column
o and capitaL It stood there one colossal
a- temple of temples, awaiting in silence
the presence of the supernal glory.
n Review of Reviews
u When all other senses fail him the
visitor to Midway Plaisance may de
ds pend upon his sense of smell to inform
him what village or building he may be
a. in. There are dozens of smells on thd
It Plaisance--not the ordinary odors we
n all meet daily, but characteristic smells,
n- vaguely potent in awakening associa
en tions and exciting memories. The Chi
is- nese theater is redolent of the flowery
?t kingdom and revels in a varied collec
,. tion of odors from those of teas and
ly spices to those of the queer little hand
ed made articles which lie displayed on
ot the counters. Taken altogether, it is a
e clean smell, pungently fragrant. Fur
w. ther down in the Turkish quarters
he there is an odor, pungent in anothey
to way, but equally suggestive of the
musksy Orient The rugs and tapestries
ed exhale an od6r as of sandalwood long
locked from the air and going to decay.
he Dahomey smells of-Dahomey. There
rd- is nothing in the little bark-fenced
he quarters worth smelling so long as one
is exclusive and reserved in his asosa
tions. The Japanese fragrances ae
sweet and a delight to the olfactories
lue Cairo bathes in a number of smells. led
m. in importance by hot, acrid odors of
a. Egyptian cigarettes and the close, dry
a perfume of exhibits packed in redolent
rho woods. Taken altogether, Cairo's odors
swe the most suggestive of thborrid
. east. _
for I front of the North Dakota build
Sing is an old cart which belonged to
at the Huadson Bay company. A card on
rth it calls attention to the fact that it was
tor the only means of travel employed
sad north an4 wes of t~ P~sul prevgisw
18TL
S the llghtesj s;eetest,
biscuit and ad,
- Royal Baking Powder
4 1 is indispensable
- " •in th*
A Atdy ' preparation.
THE ROYAL Baking Powder surpasses all
others in leavening power, in purity and
wholesomeness, and is used generally in families,
exclusively in the most celebrated hotels and res
taurants, by the United States Army and Navy,
and wherever the best and finest food is required.
All teachers of cooking schools and lecturers upon
culinary matters use and recommend the Royal.
Chicago Health Authorities Certify.
"I find the ROYAL BAKING POWDER superior
to all the others in every respect. It is purest and
strongest.
"WALTER S. HAINES, M. D.
"Prof. Chesmiry, RusA Medical College,
*. Consulting Chemist, Chicago Board of Health,'" etc.
Made from pure grape cream of tartar, and the
only Baking Powder containing neither ammonia noraflum.
SEASONABLE YARNS.
A IsaH was caught in the lake at
Heilbronn, Swabia, in the year 1497,
which had a brass ring attached bear
ing record of the fact that the same
fish had been caught in the year 1980
and released after having the queer
label affixed to his body.
A TREZ-YEbA1-OzD boy in Arkansas
Is said to have recently killed a rattle
snake "Just twice as old as himself, in
side of which were a water mocassin
four feet long, a blacksnake the same
length, two dead toads and one live
one and a large bullfrog."
PAasox D. S. GBEBrFIELD, of the
eastern shore of Maryland, affirms that
he saw in Chester river, a branch of
the Chesapeake, the other day, a
watersnake as long and as thick as a
large oar in the act of swallowing a
great catfish head first. A great cat
fish in the Chesapeake may easily
mean a ten pounder.
FOREIGN POLITICAL POINTS.
Tan brand new Arabian contempora
ries, the Korbash and the Efrit, have
come up to reinforce the Al Ustaz ol
Abram and the Al Moyaad in their
campaign against the English.
THE premier of Cape Colony notified
the assembly recently that it would be
asked next session to legislate on the
question of the influx of Asiatics. The
government, he said, was now consid
ering American methods of dealing
with immigrants.
STATISTICS gathered by the German
imperial commission on labor show
that in many parts of the empire the
duration of work exceeds fifteen hours
daily. In northwest Germany the per
centage of workpeople laboring thus
long is 36.8 of the whole.
Growing Old Pleasantly.
The cheerful old folks you can find are
those wise enough to mitigate the infirmit
ies of age with.Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.,,
the fnest tonic in declining years, infirm
ity, delicate health and convalescence. It
stimulates digestion, renews appetite and
sleep, and insures regula action of the
liver and bowels. Against malaria, rheu
matism and kidney complaints it is a reli
able safe(guard.
~6au~Z~iw&S kUd c
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOL IO
I GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOL10 HOULD Ba ueUD IN KvaRY KITOHEN.
LArv revelers singing "There's no place
like home" always stop the melody ust be
fore they get there and creep upstairs in
their stocking feet.-Boton Transcript.
Ana you busy? Are you making money}
If so, stick to it; you are fortunate If you
are not, then our advice is that you write at
once to B. F. Johnson Co., Richmonad, Va.
They can show you how to enter quickly
upon a profitable work.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy aIe more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adaptin the world's best products to
the nees of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, -rup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the res ing and trmly
beneficial properties a perfect lax
ative ; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has tven satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
enmg them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well inormed, you will not
accept any substitute if obreG.
_FLANl next the skin often prodaaqs a
rush removed with Glenn's Sulphur op.
Hil's Hair and Whisker Dye, 0 ceats.
No PHus on IT.--That fy paper the sales.
man told you was better than the kind you
called for.-Boston Transcript.
Tas principal causes of sick headach
billiousness and cold chills are found in the
stomach and liver. Cured by hBeechau'sPis.
O4E
"ISH BRAl
This Tra'lde slark Is n the bt
WATERPROOF COAT
- In l the World I
A. J. TOWVER. BOSTON. MASS.
I EWIS' 98 T LYE
* POWDUINID *1D PDN SD
Tnhe stronget asd pret Lye
made. Unlike other Lye itbetlg
a line powder and packed ina can
with removable 1d, the ontents
are always ridy for use. Will
make the bet perfumed rd
Soap in 20 minutes tr4MAli
ag. It Io the best for eleansing
wasti pipes. dinfeletig sinks
closets, wsshinn bottle .,nts.
treeseet. ENN.I*.LT ? CO.
Uewe. s s . g e te. ..s....i.P.
WNEEDLES M TOraN SewgtOeLes.
SHUTTLEa TheTnd.aSaeeuad..
sused wor sea cr lonol a
aSnI the announcement of Dr. J. W. Hyatt.
ro A Co..Oroe Miwort nor.V
h.e ee l2th Aoaf eisawn a wl ta
tMain t., mno'Lesond'ir..
EDUCATIONAL.
WALL AND MOONEY'S SCHOOL,
without eainion, Posititve enssaesneat se
essmasmans g ba Ae"
gary tO suIrN sdinlweion. Dltlel i·nei S. eeurnl
turensI. Addrss W. D. OOy, 14 e .
peaR e I estitute FOeTONS
One of the greatest female sebools of he Su.
Three M. A. raduates in the faculti. Enso '
rector a Unit graduate of Lei1sie. Assistant, a
rauate ofs riin. Unrivled adyatae ein every
OesaaOgneto p vao r ept1. 8N
TUSKALOOSA FEMALE GOLLESE,
|_Us".0sA, .AL.A.
JTn , torreg,,s n-e , ,,-
en$ in h erT . o
DiSt(SON NORMAL COLLESE ·
For ea oases, orrb~ eriLI
S eer2nk. Annuals seoent oa t or
y r drepar ts o rsent cy mail.
ýi. 1 in. '1' ieOýý Waend Pastr.
- I bst lt w She A t, . r ea1W
aKSa NOMA aL