THE LAFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME III. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 1896. NUMBER 51.
OUTON BROS.
-DEALERIS
General
erchandise.
west Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
acla Avcoe, : LAFAYETT1, LA,
C. A. VOORHIlES,
ADDRESS:
ay and Esplanade Sts. New Orleans. La
Represents
M. H. LEE & CO.,
WHOLESALE
IQUORS,
713 and 715 Lucas Avenue,
ST. LOUIS, MO.
W. BERNARD,
arber Shop,
Domengeaux Building,
Near Southern Pacific Depot.
CHAS. D. CAFFERY,
ttorney at Law
and Notary Public
Office eon Madisoe St., LAFAiETTE. LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
-ttox-rneyrs at L.aw,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
VERY
ANED Stable.
Lincoln Avenue.
Two Blocks From Depot.
Sirst-olass rigs at reasonable prices
ful drivers furnished when required
LAFAYErTTS , LA.
Jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
d Vermillion Parishes. and the Su
eme and Federal Courts at Opolousas
d New Orleans.
LA[+A ! S'ITE, ULA.
ILROAD BARBERI SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
HE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
T. CARME COIVlIT
LAPAYETTE, L.A.
e system of education includes the
noh-and English languages, Mua;o
all kinds of needle-work. Every
ntion will be given to the health
eomt rt of those placed under the
e of the Sisters.
or terms apply to the Superior.
LAFAYETTE
lacksmith,
WRIGHT and SUPPLY SHOP.
Near Ifwak Buldltag.
ED MOUTON, Proprietor.,
west prices, consistent with werk
All work promptly attended to S
faction guaranteed.
.H. C. SALLES,
SENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street.
AYETTE, - - - - LA
E. O. VOORHI-IES,
:TTORNEY AT LAW ANDI
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lafayete, La.
R. J.1. DUHART.e
pr lo in the State , years, e
cn ytte Parish 11 years, calls t
-tion tohts new and successful treat
of the respiratory organs. Medir
sahalations combined with constl
nal treatment affording a cure st
umption, In the first and aecosi '
Sir they follow exactly the treaet
Sand relief in the third period.
afness and Chronie diseases in ge. v
* specialty.
O. P. GU;LBEAU.
tary Publio
ustice of the Peace. ?
rful snd prompt attention given t b
ecoaof Las sononts, notes Fn
sale and purenase of lands at si
& to_ -1-19
.H. MOI.TI'ON,
'~flmfl~c yl p
I FARMER AN) PLANTER.
S OBACCO CULTURE.
dome 'Ueful Hiant. ts bb trtiliied i thi
The Iht't thing in tobacco cuiture is
the preparation of the plant-beds.
This work should be done in the latter
half of February or the 1st of lfaclcH
according to the bonditiboi hb thi
weather: For beds select a rich spot
* on a Warm, sunny slope, where the sun
and warm south winds will greatly aid
in bringing the tiny seeds into life,
and insure strong, health~y plants;
The first thing to be done is to clean
the ground of all rubbish and trash;
and prepare it for burning; to destroy
.A all foul weed seed. A Very gdod mate=
rial to do the burning with is brush,
pieces of rdzs or old logs. After the
burning, as soon as the bed has cooled,
dig and pulverize the soil throughly
to receive the small seeds. Great care
should be taken not to sow the sced
too thickly; Marny rlailtteda are
ruined by being too thick, as
this makes the plants tender and easily
injured by the hot sun after they have
been set out. A teaspoonful of seed is
sufficient to sow a bed ten feet square.
Ai * the seed with sifted ashes ot corn
matl to insutre its even distribtution
over the bed. After the seed is sow*n
the surface of the bed should be settled
smoothly. In a piece of board 18 inches
square and two inches thick bore a hole
in the center, and fit in an old broom
bandle. Take hold of the end of the
handle and gently pat over the surface
of the bed. This method is much
easier and neater than tramping. The
teds should not be more than nine
feet wide, but may be as long as de
s ired. A bed of this width will take
three .strips of canvas, one yard wide,
eSwed together, to cover it, and it will
l e found more convenient in many
- ays than a wider bed. The beds
should be attended to carefully, and
I ept clean of weeds, which will be sure
to make their appearance.
The preparation of the ground for
the plants should be carefully and
thoroughly done. The ground should
be plowed from eight to ten inches
deep; if sod, it should be plowed early,
in order that the soil may settle and
the sod rot. Thoroughly pulverize the
toil and get it in good condition. Mark
cfF the ground into rows three feet
eight inches apart; and if commercial
fertilizer is used, drill in the row with
a cord-drill which has a fertilizer at
tachment. This will be found much
easier and better than hand-dropping.
A ter the fertilizer is drilled, make hills
from two to two and one-half feet
apart, and you are now ready for a
"'season." The plants should be trans
L planted, or "set," from May 20 to June
L 10, but better in May, as it will give
tht tobacco more time to mature before
front. In setting the plants, be careful
to straighten out the roots and to get
them covered with soil, to insure a
good and speedy start.
After the plants have been set for
r from three to five days, run between
r- the rows with a cultivator. In a week's
a time run through again with the culti
vator and hoe carefully. Cultivate as
level as possible to hold the moisture.
Soil under level cultivation will not dry
as easily as that hoed in ridges along
the rows. The crop should be culti
vated at least twice with the hoe and
four times with cultivator. Do not,
under any circumstances, cultivate
when the crop is ready to top, as culti
vating at this time breaks and injures
the numerous small roots which the
plant sends out after food and moisture.
I have seen cases in which considerable
damage was done by late cultivation,
especially in a dry season.
Be careful to look out for worms, as
" they may take you unawares and do
o considerable damage before they can
T be checked. If the crop is large and
the worms very plentiful, it will be
found quite a task to pick them off by
hand. A greet many growers resort
to poisoning. This is done by mixing
Paris green with water, land-plaster or
flour, and sprinkling the tobacco with
the mixture.
The next important point in tobacco
culture is the topping. If you have
had a favorable season, and your crop
has grown well, it should be ready to v
top at least b. August 25. In this C
work considerable judgment should be
exercised. If you top too low, you lose
perhaps seversl leaves that would
make good tobacco; if too high, the 1
plant will not spread and make per- t
fectly develople leaves; usually from
16 to 20 leavos left to a plant will be
about right. a
In about two weeks after the plant A
is topped the first set of "suckers" a
makes their appearance, which must
be broken or t by hand. Two weeks ii
later a second set of suckers come on,d
when the same process must be gone t
over again. By this time the crop will d
be ripening and nearly ready to cut.
W1hen the tobacco is ripe it becomes h
very thick and heavy; it also has a yel
lowish cast, spotted with green. A
very good test is to double a part of
the leaf back with thumb and finger; h
and if it cracks or breaks, it is consid- j
ered in fairly good condition for cut- i
ting. Now for the cutting. Put the
stick is a slanting position at the 0
root cf a plant. Take the knife
in the right hand, start it down the a
stalk, and gaging it so as to t
miss the leaves as much as possible, a
let the hand follow the split, and 5
when the knife is within about six t
inches of the root of the plant, ren.ove
it from the split, slightly bend the it
stalk over with the left hand, and with r
one stroke of the knife cut the stalk off ti
below the leaves. Take hold of the d
end of the stalk with the right hand, t
keep the left hand in the slit, raise the g
plant and with a quick movement a
bring the plant down astride the stick. it
Put five or six large plants on each
stick.$ si
After the tobacco is thoroughly wilt- u
ed haul it to the barn on hay-ladders p
or some other platform contrivance, is
.and hang from 16 to 18 sticks to a 12
foot rail. After the tobacco is in the fi
barn watch rareful:lt for houseburn, b
give it plenty of dry air, but keep the rt
Qoaors abat agJP9gatass ala,. togy ****
Lihires *is Ia refal I16s the danger: o0
L housebiirn.--. F. M., iii `arm and 'if -
side.
LEAN BAC6i4 PIGS:
tliel firodhctlin Ij preove tii Mlitut
is Profitable in the Futurei
a. There are two chief reasons why we
cc should seek to secure a large per cent.
Hi bf lean in pork. The first is that we
i3 imay iicrease the c6nsiiiuptioti lf j3oFf;
ot second, increase the vigor and stamiina
in of our herds.
id That the demand for heavy, fat meat,
e, and especially of pork, has fallen off is
S. Ovident. It is rare that packers pay
m top pfibes for droVem that will average
h; tivet thfee hunnred tointls, afid they
h iati Ho ilb for the ive lild bi'hittlidfed.
e= pound porkers which were the Fridr bf
h, the feeder twenty years ago. So long as
ie packers had a trade in the south and
1, West Indies for heavy side-meat, and
.y lard was ready-sale at all seasons and
e erer~yvhere; they preferred heavy hogs
id tid tivrov ctiiplained Of their behi
e too fat. The per cent. of wasite bas
is less and there was a market for the
y lard.
"e Times have changed. The packers
is and lard-refiner have learned the art of
e. adulteration and substitution, and can
i- Use 0,;000,000 pounds of cotton-seed
a oil & year in the lard refineries.
u Th@ wastes of the Cotton gin
d have come into competition vith
a the corn field, and corn-fed porkers are
e not prized for their lard as they were
i- befofe the days of degeneracy in the
0 lard busnli.ss, 4
e Denmark and Canada are our rivals
h for the English trade, and as they feed
e so as to produce more lean it behooves
e as to cater to the tastes of our best
customers. We can, in our milder
e climate, with grass, clover, roots, peas,
cereals of every kind, and the by-prod
uc nets of outr mills and dairies, grow
y leaner hogs and finish them with corn
s more cheaply than it can be done in a
d colder climate.
e The time has passed to feed hogs
corn until a corncob will roll under the
r belly. The last hundred of the 300
t pound hog costs more than the second
t and the second more than the first.
s If packers will support feeders the
bacon pigs will be furnished equal to
the best of any country, and we need
e not change to English breeds, eitherf
k Select and feed for a given type of
t bacon pigs and we can soon supply just
.1 the hog the public wants and will con
k sume the most of.-Cor. Breeders' Ga
zette.
Seces.s In Agrliclture,
Every true farmer, in all his opera
tions upon the farm, strives for success,
a condition that depends very much
upon his own exertions.
In order to bring forth satisfactory
crops, the soil, no matter how fertile,
must be properly prepared for the seed
to be planted, and suitably tilled for
the good of the growing crop. In the
preparation of the soil no half way
work, no slipshod method will answer
the purpose. The soil must be pulver
r ized and loosened, and can not be so
rendered by a cut and cover process,
that moves half and allows the other
half to remain undisturbed. There is
no excuse in these days of improved
plows for a poor preparation of soil.
The seed requires this preparation
in order that there may be an oppor
tunity for the roots to extend them
selves in their search for food, which
is so far as it is contained in the soil,
more valuable in proportion as the soil
is more finely pulverized; otherwise
there would be no special demand for
any movement of the soil whatever.
But let anyone try the experimentl 1
plant some seed where the soil is
hard and firm, and has not been dis
turbed by plow or other implement,
and then by the side of this pul
verize t.e soil by any artificial means
and mark the difference in growth.
The same rule applies to after tillage,
that is, to the general cultivation of
the crop. The more a soil is loosened
the better adapted it is to the passage
of the atmosphere through it from
which it absorbs fertilizing elements,
and by the action of which these ele
ments, which it already contains, are
rendered more available.
These matters must be understood by
farmers, and being acted upon, will aid
very much in the general success.
Cor. Southern Farm. C
HERE AND THERE.
--On all badly-worn clay soils, or
loams underlaid by clay, subsoiling is
the great mechanical restorative.
-The shell of an egg is porous,
and any filth on it will taint the meat.
A good reason for cleaning eggs as soon
as gathered.
-Do not confine your poultry-keep
ing to hens alone. Diversity is just as
desirable in this as in other farm prac- I
tices. Besides duckslay more eggs than 9
do hens and sell higher.
-Whipping a shying and frightened
horse is senseless and oruel. Pain does e
not relieve fright, but the assuring e
voice of a kind driver does. Whipping c
makes confirmed shyers, because the
horse connects the pain with the ob
ject of his fear, and is more afraid of
it thereafter.
-Farm chickens which have the run a
of the fields are the healthiest and the e
most profitable, because they get such o
a variety of feed and insects. There is a
too much which is artificial about the
usual poultry yard, and only they are
successful who recognize and remedy
this as much as possible.
-Bee keeping is one of the most prof
itable of the small rural industries. It
requires comparatively but little capi- I
tal to start it, and a few hours of well- c
directed labor a day vwili be sufficient ii
to place the colonies in a condition for is
gathering surplus honey, which they ti
will do if there is any forage yielding k
it in sufficient quantity. p
-Carbolic acid is one of the requi- f
sites of a well-ordered hennery. The "
uses to which it can be put by the a
poultryman are many and varied. It ri
is an excellent disinfectant and there
fore can be employed to purify the at
hosphere of the hen house. It should
be added to the whitewash and thus a
render this linii 'oe iow~wer
FOR CAMPAIGN PURPOSES ONLY.
&isij&bil b6 fltd *jtazaelat 5epistatlon Now
iendinig fieioi£8 €'Saenen.
feopie of this edihi-ry id-l0 4te ftr:
tsva-d enough to read a hewspapcf once
iA &If or evcii once n icek are not go
ing fd be fooled by the t9eld- rbl now go
ing on at Washington. The peri'ir-
ance upon which congress is now enter
ing is insincere and ineffective. It is a
pf~tense and a sham. The committee
on vways inni ineiti~ tf^s to have sat
on Christmas day for the pnrio?~i 8fi
producing an effect upon the public
mind. It was the worstcase of jingoism
in economics that has been seen in a
long time. Men of gravity and experi
enee are etagaging its a political circus
tctr ''They are merely preparing for'
catipaign docunment which is to run
something after this ffishiOnit "We
tried to relieve the distress of the treas
ury and the revenue difficulties, but the
administration stood in our way. WVe
presented the remedy, but it was not
aceepted-"
'the gentletnel tvhlo &re engineer
lg the present scheme lit the house
have -c expectation that it will ever
become a law. If they thoughtit would
they would probably not be for it.
They are merely meeting what is de
clared to be a serious condition with a
cheap article of pettifoggery. They
have no well matured plan of relief, and
if they had they would not put it in op
eration for the benefit of a democratic
administration.
Everybody knows what the course of
the administration on finance has been.
We shall not go over an oill discussion.
In carrying out a policy which the re
publican party created Mr. Cleveland
has been issuing bonds under the old
resumption law to get gold to maintain
a gold reserve of $100,000.000 in the
treasury. He has been 'dding to the
public indebtedness to "maintain a
credit" that has not been threatened.
He has been criticised in both parties
for his course. He lately advised con
gress that there was another crisis, and
trged legislation that would help him
to keep the gold stock up. Congress
had previously been advised that there
THE MOTTO OF THE FIFTY-FOURTH CONGRESS.
a r V
was no trouble in the matter of the rev
enue. The ways and means committee,
however, under the dirction of the
speaker, proposes a tariff bill which
they know cannot become a law and a
bond bill which is notessentially differ
int from the law under which bonds are
now issued. The silver men in the sen
ate, without regard to party, are able
to defeat any measure that has a bond
provision in it, and they will.
What is to come out of all this? Who
can discover a prospect of a result?
What's the use of trifling with proposi
tions that have no significance in them?
It may be of the greatest importance to
express a principle thtough the legisla
tive machinery, even if that principle
cannot at the time become a law. The
republican party in the campaign of this
year, denounce the democratic tariff
in bitter terms, and insisted that repub
lican legislation on that subject was the
only safe refuge for the country. They
are now in overwhelming possession of
the house, and it is their duty to pass a
tariff bill on the high protection lines
they have advocated. It is their part
to do this as a matter of party faith and
principle. This popgun tariff proposi
tion-this makeshift to avoid the issue
made in the president's message-is not
a redemption of the promises implied
in the campaign. It is mere straddling
and sprawling about, and an offense to
public intelligence.--Cincinnati En
quirer.
-If the republicans of the house
had passed a measure scaling down the
extravagant expenditures of the gov
ernment ten per cent. instead of in
creasing the taxation of the people 60
per cent. and 15 per cent. they would
have done a commendable act. Putting
$40,000,000 additional taxation upon
the people will not be as popular nor
as righteous a method of making "both
ends meet" as would the reduction of
outlay. The government has aburd
ant revenues. The taxes of the people
are too great instead of too little. The
trouble is that too much money is be
ing spent. - Illinois State Register
(Rep.).
- The confidence of the republican
congress in prescribing for the finan
clal ills from which we are suffering
is thatof the doctor who had been called
in consultation, and with whom the pa
tient pleaded: "But, doctor, you are
killing me." "My dear sir," said the
physician, "you keep quiet. I know I
differ from those other doctors as to
what's the matter with you, but the
autopsy will show which of us was
right."-N. Y. herald.
- It may be that Speaker Reed
made up his committees with the
avowed purpose of showing the country
that there is nothing too good for the
to40 ot MRai,.--Cc a o Tame-rrFSl 1d.
DISHONEST SOHtMEftlS.
Repablian Pilferers 1yaing to Gee b
Their Work.
ti ty tepltblican plan for increasingt
ftfiC fftsniie ii tisihonest and a scheme
to snahdtbag aitld tat the people of the
country. No great fncrtease if any, is
tftiriired. Buit the itnaginary deficit is
made i pite 'xt for the kind of tariff
legislation dPmanded by the rapacity
of the protected..monppolistS FThey
declare that the country is in no neces
gitraes circumstances and they regard
the i-Ofititfrre' eeessity as their rascal
ly opportunity.
Fromn every part of thi eaOttatr-
when its patriotic enthusiasmi tvas
awakened and there was a probability
that men, ships and money might be
needed to fight its battles on land and
sea--there thronged to the capitol the
agents, solicitors and other members
of the lobby gang to urge increased
taxation, not for the public benefit, but
for their own.
The most impudezj and the most
greedy of the throng.that surrounded
the sources of revenue legislation were
the wool men, clamoring for a renewal
of the. wool tax, which would include
the old tax on clothing, carpets, hats
and caps and other wool products.
They ciphered out that the wool aid
clothing tariff produced in prosperous
years , revenue of $40,000,000. They
covered up the fact that for every dol
lar of public revenue produced by the
wool tariff ten dollars or $.0 (rent into
the pockets of the protected ranufao
turers.
The advocates of this gigantic frand
and steal attempted to disguise ifl
character by declaring that it i. not "a
restoration of the McKinley tariff
schedule," and that it is a plan to pro
duce revenue merely-not for protec
tion. The allegation is false. If the
1McKinley tariff or 50 or 60 per cent. of
the 'McKinley tariff rates should be
restored it would be for protection and
not for revenue. Nine-tenths of all
the taxes collected or more would go
The rich lumber men, the nabobs of
the pine forests, are also besieging the
capitol for a renewal oft protection.
This is a more audacious demand if
possible than that of the wool men.
The lumber interest is one of the rich
est interests in the country. Tariff or
no tariff, their profits are enormous.
into private pockets. One-tenth or less
would go into the public treasury.
There are more millionaires among the
lumbermen of the country in propor
tion to the entire number than there
are among any other class of manu
facturers.
But it is not material which protect
ed interest, which monopoly fattened
on the taxes paid by the people is most
aggressive and rapacious in this emer
gency when the country is in the midst
of a struggle with its foes of all kind-
with England claiming and ready to on
force by its armies and fleets vast ter
ritorial rights on this continent, with
the gold sharks attacking the spedle
reserve and the public credit at a.I
points, with every form of domesiti
and foreign enmity.
This is the emergency which the
piratical protected interests have
chosen as a time to enforce on congress
their demands for new subsidies, new
bounties, new extortions under the
false color of revenue taxation.-Chi
cago Chronicle.
OPINIONS AND POINTERS.
----McKinley at once climbed into
Grover's band wagon, and got a move
on the czar.-Iowa State Register
(Rep.).
--The man and the occasion met
again when Cleveland and the Vene
zuelan matter came together.-Bir
mingham (Ala.) News.
- The republicans are determined
to make the people pay a higher price
for their clothing and other necessaries
of life.-Illinois State Register.
- President Cleveland will not com
promise with republican leaders in con
gress, but will declare war to the knife
against their tariff and bond bills.-N.
Y. Herald.
-Mr. Cleveland was right in throw
ing the responsibility on congress to
remedy the financial confusion. It is
the result of republican legislation.
Columbus PIress.
- The republican plan is to tax wool
and lumber-to increase the cost of
clothing and of building, and 1he pro
tected interest will get ten dollars of
the revenue where the public treasury
gets ten cents.-Chicago Chronicle.
----"The repeal of the McKinley
tariff," says a republican organ,
"brought us the raid upon the gold re
serve." This is an important piece of
new information. The panic which re
sulted from the "raid upon the gold re
serve" began in the spring of 1893,
while the McKinley tariff was not re
pealed until the latter part c0 gaP e i
.Loql1vllo courl4wro9lralp
FELIX DEMANAD)E,
T e LUptO-Date Merchant, -
inm, x. - - - ..=...
Groceries, Crockeit, 
Liquors, Willowv !i
Fancy Goodsi
'reshlt Sttol! C!Jheaip Prices I
LAFAYETTTE, LOUISIANA.
TRAHAN & DOUCET,
Successors to J. E. TRAHAN.
DRU GGISTS,
-AND DEALERS IN
Paints, Varnishes, Window Glass,
Fancy and Toilet Articles.
Bechool Books and Stationery. Base Ball Goods. Cigars
and Tobacco. leilllier's Perfumes.
PRESCRIPTIONS COMPOUNDED DAY and NIGHT
P. DEf ANADE,
LIQUORS,
Wines and Tobaccos,
Staple and Fancy Groceries.
A. J. M~OSS. A. EMILE MtOUTON.
MOSS & MOUTON, .
LUMBER,
AT WHOLESALE AND RETAIL.
OFFICE AND YARD:
Rear Railroad Depot, Lafayette, La.
Cypress and Pine Lumber, Rough and Dressed, Shingles.
Sash, Blinds, louildings, etc.
TNagxonas, Cisternxs.
Screen Doors and Extension Screen Windows.
AIcYGLES.
SAre the
Highest
of all
* High
Grades.
Warranted Superior to Any Bicyhle Built in the
WV'orld, Regardless of Price.
Read the following opinion of one of the most prominent
American dealers who has sold hundreds of these wheels:
~f h Frame4 Wood RICHfOND. VA.. October 2,1804.
Sim. Framcae Wood Indiana Bicycle Co., Indianapolis, Ind.:
Sim. Detaable Tire, Gentlemen--he Waverly Scorcher and Belle came to hand yesterday
pounds.......cight 2 We areafraid ysi have sent us the high-pried wheel by mistake. You
can't mean to tell us that this wheel retails for $85? We must sy that is
e l Rims. Waverly Is.wthout exeplion. the prettiest wheel we have ever seen, and. more
CI inchers.res.. .elah over, a e haveftaith In it.although It weighs only 2 pounds, forail Waverlys
Spounds........00 we have sold this year and last (an yo know that a right ood um
Regular Frame, same her) we have nevi r had a frame nor t ork broken, either from accident cu
weights .........$8.00 defect,. and that I, more than we can say for any oth* whecel, howeve"
,adles' Drop Fran e, thigh gradoe. so-camled, that we sell. We ongr&tuate ourselves every day
Same weights and that we are the uaverly agents. Yours trulyo
Tires............ . WATER C. MERC b ).
3,adles' Diamond Wood
Rlms. weight, s ILLUSTRATED CATALOUBE FRiE.
oun- ds.......... $75.oo
Indiana Bicycle Co ,
Indianapolis, Indiana.
t GL0QO, exclus!ve Agent, ; .aaytte, r-i