Tlio i~ deiýi -, "."
.-'ma no satou sel. ur
e Care
ruBlood Puriers 41; O for $.
Lken ts easy;
SDeLONG
i Hook and Eye
Mastens.
-hump?
Poor soil
and exhausted fields which
were once productive can again =
be made profitably fertile
by a proper rotation of crops
.and by the intelligent use of
Faertilizers containing high per
oeUtages of
Potash.
Strikingly profitable results
,have been obtained by follow
iag this plan.
-K lates resarc es the subject of fertiliation, and
GERMAN KALI WORKS,
0 Nas-sau St., New York.
aisa IN TUrE WORLD.
bakesa for geersl
--I I e with a plae sto
orss. D re., Props.. Cantou Mass.. U.S.A.
Sf.LoUDannhea&Co. c
a,. aon. It.. E MPHaIS. TE . .
Timely Warning.
The great success of the chocolate preparations of
the house of Walter Baker & Co. (established
in 1780) has led to the placing on the market
many misleading and unscrupulous imitations
of their name, labels, and wrappers. Walter
Baker & Co. are the oldest and largest manu
facturers of pure and high-grade Cocoas and
Chocolates on this continent. No chemicals are
"used in their manufactures.
Consumers should ask for, and be sure that
they get, the genuine Walter Baker & Co.'s goods.
WALTER BAKER & CO., Limited,
DORCHESTER. MASS.
- - ~ growing time.
That boy I-
A little lad, all. fun.
A little chap, all coat.
A round cipher, not know.
ing whether the stroke will
go up and make him six, or
down, and make him nine.
It's growing time with him.
-up fat. This fat -must be in as constant
ie brea h,
from.asomewhere. If it does not come
- ast o ~ rom fat stored up in his body.
; yous ""He's getting thin-he's growing
take that bo set his d'
fs~.fly~ rg1i 5t ·fl
_ive.eso now hes no we., Te I..
a it i- W ands land,sith
w- gve .cl d.me an Um ithusGad oaeeld
Sapology. to elmat-Bit
SOxrs pearetine-wlcd consibs in being
a ignoranto of sab things are notwerthy
ObeR wn.-Crates.
i Da a bringsaridcule to bedat aoanst
A wi, neuter jonas b It li bat
uses both s hibs hest Intemeste r ada
Penn.
a whothler he calls daisies "wild nlowers" o
"weeds."-Washington Blta.
Senterprising morchan on fr ao r
Sas the followi. ienn in his window: ' en
S! ,Soel Gooods, Not_ estomera
e q"io to me and youtll get yotui elf in l
bo" warn what tmhe envelope remarked toPIt
the postage stamp.-Yonkers tatesman.
Tarf chief drawbaolk to sol-made men Is
that boey cen't select their materials.- I
Tam hardest part of learningto ride a
bicyle is to got the bicycle.- Somervifle
Diux', Care to- Investlgate..-Mrs. Bridle
-nTry my angel food dehes; I made it my
self." .Bmfort and e-' e it away aI
agnostic, aayway."-Puck.s r
e nes o-"Just lpook, Helene, at these
magnicent ruins." elene-"I wonder 1
why in the old timeh of the built rui 1
laUati~ve pronciples ei·Lra- t t. a
"D wa," em said Uncle Eben. "dt won'
learn, 'ceppin' bj xperience, am mighty:
-Washington Star. t
Oite -"tikes e has been selling us of i
marvelous sums he has made a n wall t
tran Is he a, Napoleon of finance trulywo
baeeila hardlo-mres of a Narpoeleon of la
Tm slanderer inflicts wrong bthe systealumni
atping tcols, hent- and he who gives credit
to the calneny beore he knows it truth
equally guilty.-ve ierodoton
meTJ w the improvement, not bywhat i
thprou peknest or eitest,b.ut by the firm
nes oer ahymind, and thel government o
Sthy passions and afectioeetly ree from
g4s tp fF s or sl ld
afactured by th- iaornia Fig Syrup t .
accept andy substitute t the i
packgealsothename Syup o _Fgs, ,,;
-ai.` d. y i k.weat
m fa r ho ponesi moiet
tj- borid-ise cossnmeptioti,
te pesreII wmalwaysaippear ani
imiof ls * sh outatanding individual
rot k* b.b tit that tonlae reason why
stunted tho6rougthSbreds and the
dl aeray !teed' a bonaideted Wbtkt
f SaO enoh 4 or mnat hogs "
I-"khek)Ilg-tgeffe, ikthk and tob6koitgl'
reod gradels bot, tle most profit
able .hog for the purpdse for whilh h
hog i -intended, viz., the production
of porkt ald if the farmer will count
the, cost of asaking a given amount of
pork from this sort of an animal he
lag will readily see that the increased cost
t will more than banlanie tny- diffelen
whieh estlted iii th t Oginial cost h
inas the brledlug -stor. tibtd thorough
ta bedue art tiither too good nor too ex
pelaiive for "meat hogs." This muast
bht be apparent. for the only use to which
a.- a hog can be put ts to produce pork,
therefore if the thoroughbred has
mo any superiority over the rasor'baclm
"or it must be in his greater Vatde fop
feeding purposes. A rood pig at
five dollars.When two months old is
'e cheaper for feeding purposes than is a
serub costing nothing, and any man
Ina can fully demonstrate the fact by
d to counting the cost of feed in relation to
L. their respective values at slaughter
S ins g time. The idea that "anything is
s-_ good enough for a meat hog" is cost
ing farmers thousands Of dollars sa
nually,
r The first thing to be done is to sc
leet some one of the improved breeds.
dle It is not very important which, and
y- our ticket is "anythitag to beat the
a scrub." Having selected the breed we
desire to raise, the next thing is to se
som eure good representatives of that
der breed. There are two things to
Sin- be considered. In selecting an
animal for breeding purposes.
on, First, pedigree; and, second, individual
ht merit. It is generally thought that
the time which the farmer would spend
studying the pedigrees of a breed of
of hogs would be lost, but no great"er piss
Tall take could be ttiade. Certain families
in all breeds have become fashionable
because they have shown superior
qualities, and it is evident that, other
mi things being equal, the animal whose
a Is ancestors have shown excellence will
be most likely to produce progeny of
excellence. Therefore any person who
hat is going to put inonet into any tit'ed
of of hogs should lEtiow enough about
tle families of that breed to select
- those most likely to produee good off
spring. To select an animal of high in- 1
divildual merit requires a knowledge of 1
what eogastituteS the liest type of the
bi.ed. This knowledge can only be ob
tained by study and inspecting good c
speeimens. Because one hLas a better i
hog and a fiSd'i-lo6king animal than a j
razor-back is no proof that it is not a t
scrub. There are a number of men
who offer for sale whet t.!ay ppSim to
be the beGt stfi-il's 61 the different
breeds who do not know the strains of t
their respective breeds. In honest 1
ignorance many of them are inflicting i
on their equally-ignorant eustomers ~
acimals Just a little Y6idadVed froiti the h
Pa2or-back. This is due to the fact a
that they have bought their stock from a
persons wbi !1' tli~dielves, had b
-e seen the best of the breed, t,
or from breeders who, against ,
their own Interest and the dictates of e
their consciences, sokt them their
"oulls" because they Ware itt Willing ij
to p.ay more than "erli" prides: Macy b
people plaeetoo Ismal i ailUe o qaisali
t in' hogt *th tiliti ., tiid liof Is S
a Rood iS othir, kaid so long as he is a
tot-ouglibred and eligible to regisitra ti
tion they are satisfled. Scrubs of the P
thoroughbred class are numerous, and t,
therefore an animal must be some- k
thing more than a thoroughbred. He di
p is worth a good price and wilt bring MI
s it. Most people in the south think f10 P1
a big price fi a bota pig three or four tr
k moths old; WheCi in truth; if la is
i god eiough to shae As a breeder hed
Sis Worth many times that in one na
year to almost any farmer. Qae V'
t noted Berkshire. breedtB iii afis- to
souri sold tiearly 200 head in b,
~8$4 at an average of $45 each tl
Still I have known men to send him
$25 with the request that he send them
in exchange . "sh-class pig," and
When they failed to get such were dis
appointed. Is it reasonable to suppose
a man would sell a first-class pig for
Sabout half the price he gets for his
averatge?
If the prospective purchaser has had
suffiacient experience toknow what eon
tltuttes a first-class Alnimat, and tdii  if
nmake the purchase after a personal in
hpection of the stock, he may find some in
yonng and unknown breeder who will e
sell him a flrst-clasrs animal in breeding e
and quality for from $12.50 to $25, but
if he has not had this requisite expe- lie
rlence, or must buy by mail order, en
then the only safe plan is to buy of faL
some well-known breeder and pay a th
good pries, say from 325 to 50. At al
present a great many i the south ift
sending north for fest'telass pigs, but
owing to the fact that they are not
willing to pay first-elass prices, are o
getting scrubs at scrub prices. Our Pr
state is serving as a "dumping ground" .en
for inferior animals of the northern in
breeders because we are unwilling to ee
pay the prices that good animals will she
command. An inferior animal is too no
dear for breeding purposes at any
price, while a good one is cheap at any gre
reasonable figure. From $25 to $5a is th
considered a price beyond the reach of uni
ordinary farmers. This is true to a cer- gre
tain extent but any neighborhood will eitl
nurnish five men who ecan adord to pay on
$10 each for a boar, and one boar will the
do the work retqulred by five average ter
farmers. One boar will be able to get -
at least IDO pigs eaeh year. If these is
pies are worth @0 cents more each at tor
killingtime than those from the sarub bad
now in use, he has paid for himself the ord
first year. This is a plain statement, and
and yet few will aet upon it. The and
truth. s that the plgr will be worth do
from 32 to 10 nmore killing time and ire
wiI have oolnsulmed less food
Ha tras ow aoAs re -as sarucyl. we
A glees tan fouar oar fie months neg
shoald-not ha seleeted. as before that sho
ag itiai lmeposoaje tofin aerulent nme
.s...enstei-g.. ato his ftIre di. tenr
14 S5rS eoifiladr ' be
0 6 eai si .o i. ht, idt
dThe e tar:a, lo g- ack that Lo
ht ilo. ei we og Aet jIS ig ht t b
' thba y w sot ao pr itl e btreederinte
The i oarse, li in solld alL ~oaireness
w bavoled .i bo.'sar. He shougld be se
Sle ýayfrot a plare itbler, say, of no
hle d t- bitan old. i even npal ty for
~h~bowi gueat ailpeil'orkty in cotsertlzig
hgivs preiiimot of feed itio aP ol.id
S eile of the oulitter heall ioa fromen is
a old n a boar. He shonud be se
Otit le from a large litter, say, of not
at of less than eight, of even uality; for
mi he his pregenj I likdl. tod .id kione tiid
lcort nihfige of the litter he is from. ills
er iliother should be a mature sow and
f ackler. This test is important, as to
uh- have good. pigs they must get plenty
a e of milk when young..
hich TEa TP o aP nOD sow TO ni es
faork. .CTED.
S The brood now may be of a little
a larger sd tdafses t pe than the boat if
fot wh6 pki ssesa tid qcther requisite qual
at ications. By all means should the
id i "Dumpy" or "China" build be avoided,
is a but this does not mean that the othef
man extreme is any less objectionable. In
by short, she should be of a compact, firm
,n to build, batshould possess size enough to
ter- be able to carry and support a good.
g is large litter of pigs. To be a good brood
os so.V tieans ttit shie is a Rood budkler..
an- The milking quality runs it strains in
sows, as in cows, And no sow should be
selected to breed from that is not of a
lda; deet milking family. Her disposition
and should be of the best, as it may enable
the t60 0O save many s pig that an arritable
we sow would kill. She should be one of
a litter of not less than eight, and
hat from a mature sire and dam. An ani
to mhal that is ih ilby .ihy defective ow
an delicate should be excluded from a
se. breeding herd, and in a sow especially
lual is vigorous health and a good appetite
hat necessary. With a litter of eight to
end ten pigs to feed her digestive powers
i of will be taxed to the utmost, if the pigs
pisc are not to suffer--Mississippi Experi
lies ment Station fluiietin.
tble Bankins Trees io Winter.
rior Mr. A. H. Manville, of Glen St. Mary,
her Fla., has been practicing banking the
ose soil around tender trees as a protection
will against cold, and the reported failure
of of the process brought the following
who fomn Mrs Manville in tbhe Florida
sed rmer and crniat lrower!
out 'Aen a grove near Crescent City, lo.
ect cated where cold snaps are apt to fall
DR with exceptional severity. I have fole
in- lowed the practice of 'earthing up,' or
s of batking; for eight or ten years, clean
the earth being piled abotat the base of the
ob- trunk to the height of fbutteeh td
eod eighteen Inches; abotit Deeenber 1i, and
te loWei to tteitban hltiih about April 1.
Sa I have found this in no way detrimen
t a tal to the trees, and absolutely effect.
ien sal, even last winter, as a protection
Sto uttasb innlur from cold to the parts
ent covered. I have also found that the
Sof tops above the earth were much lear
eat liable to be injured by trost or freez
ing ing than the tops of trees not earthed
ers up in this way. Your correspondent
Lite has beetL fhisinformed as to loss from
let cold of trees thias banked, One season
dm afitE tintral otaeh winters (the treer
ad having attained good size, and seemed 1
, to be large enough to stand ordinary
Dst cold), the banking was omitted. This C
of was the season of loss, the trees being 1
sit killed to the ground. I have never
dg last a tree from the cold that was
by basked:
.11 -;
*s .DI r Dirt ad Les*es for fj,!itry. r
sa fTiebest Work ttit edsi b' doge Io.
r_ the fowls in the fall is to lay in a snuj
he ply of leaves and dry dirt under shel- I
nd ter. It is scratching in the winter that
ie- keeps the hens in the best laying con- a
lie dition, and when the snow is on the 11
ug ground a pile of dirt and leaves in the I
)10 pottltry house will afford an oppor* h
up tunit. fbi- exeftiso, atid ~fatly tend
i' to itdtie tie ieds iido'e doitented in
e bihfdleniedit- Tod marly leaves carl tj
no not be put alway. They will lie found
ie very isefuil, and sill also Lasist il re"
is- taiing warmth ii the poultry hous,
in by preventing cold drafts of air along
elI the floor.-Farm and Fireside.
mn HRFIl AND THERE. ci
d it
I-In feeding large numbers of hogs b
they should be sorted at to size, se
se that those fed together shall be of
uniform size and strength. They will ki
be found to do much better this way. l
S -Yod eas noet growr a paying crop in hi
a mass of elods in which a large share
Sit the plant food is iocked up beyond It
a-the redi of the platits yofr are growv
ze ing; neither will clods hold moisture,
Each rootlet should have its own little
feeding spot, and its food to its liking.
t -One secret of successful farming lu
Slies in the ready anticipations of what
Seach season's work is to demand of the
,z farmer, and it is in the doing of many
a things out of season, as some short-. g
Ssighted people would look at it. Try.
Sto tt'aaster a part of the spring work
to the fall and winter months. p1
t -There is hardly a farm where ae
a lok of sheep can not be kept with ni
r profit. On some farms twenty-five are
S.enough; on others fifty or a hundred. ti
SI But every farm is adapted to the suc- on
Seasseful Iteeping of a given number of ti
1 sheep, and that many, neither more be
o nor less should be kept Mi
S-Sheelp i"a'ely do well on low, damp On
y ground. They are liable to disease t
a that do not affect sheep differently sit
f unted; but aside from this, they do not k
grow as well, nor produce as well pa
1 either in Wool or mutton or sheep kept ha
P on the dry, well-drained soils which ha
1 their nature requires. Sheepneed wa- thi
n ter, but not under foot. he
t -No farm was ever yet made to do qu
its best. Grumbling over unsatisfac -
Story results is useless and sinful, for a to
bad state of things need not be in "T
Sordinary eircumstances. The prudent ge
,and skillful farmer will make it pay, ns
and his chance for a competence is an
donble that of bhis fty consin. This is c,
I true, whatever the world.thinks. Ch
-So often the aide branches of farm
work fail to pay beeause carried on the
,egligeutly. A dosen hives of bees or
should bring the farmer as much reve-. y
nus use ten aere wheat 'field. The rs- Ie
turb the east of hte ghiekens would
Ib.LsC is ndypied. and even the tw
hatte *.la. o li t,
p Oent inmuck tiimeand lbae' on native
I is eitilotltio aina epared.-..treial `boksh
,t, ru asi fi tihe hdole Itw SLhottap
t lnti t ee at~ thi.at " Steel o
gan to i*rite.bta.
be -The late Gustav Freatag in his will
'us, provides that ail letters in his posses
siton be returned 'to the writers. - In his
ij .tie he used ti deiiain a fta~int the ptihc
by tie dt piiblishiag dead people's letters,
.:o and be directi that tnothing of his own
ot D be printed of which he had not author
laf iaa the publihtion.
- --4ialdoe, tle Spanish novelist, who
is dialed great even by his eatctem
porprlesi is a bachelor of 5b0 who leads
a very simple and retli'ihg life. He has
se- ritten 20 volumes of national episodes,
sot historical romance, and they have beea
ror uniformly popular sinde the- first of
s thetfit, "Trafaigar" was published in
I's ]873.
t -A young Swede going by the name
of Charles Haydensen, who has been
~ .nitloyed as a farm hand in the weigh
borhood of Henderson, Ky., for six
years, was discovered recently to be a
woman. It was naturally a surprise to
the hldnt'eds of people who had worked
with her ls long and had never sus
a eeted her real sex.
S-Li Hung'Chang i, not as fearful of
Ss iouiafeslntio r men in his pre
car.ous j 0fol la " 'be. lie consid
ers his niibfVi'td4piei from death In
to Japan thedtLRhlment of a prediction
,d mnade to himia Chinese gUystery-mon
od ger years ago that he wofhid dodge
ed death narrowly many times adfd live to
in be over 90 years of age.
b e --r. Ruskin sees very few visitors
foa sdw.' At 11 a. m. and three p. m. he
on regularly takes a walk with his at
le tendant. But even then he is so averse
ald to the eye of the stranger that he will
of turn into the first field, or get over a
md hedge if possible when the gate Is too
ii- distant, rather than be stared at
mo -Concerning ex-Queen Lilluokalani's
a reported purchase of a summer castle
ly and winter villa in Italy, Hawaiian Min
ta ister Castle at Washington, declares:
to "The ex-queen has an income of not
more than $5,000 annually, which would
RQ hardly warrant the extravagance of
ri- two different residences in southern
FEurope."
-Alexander Dunnse complains that
y, he is growing old and disinclined to
he work and becoming fastidious to a de
gn gree as to what he writes. Moreover,
re be says, and it is a pathetic statement
ag to come from a man of so-powerful a
is pen: "I have arrived now at an age
when the best thing a man can do is to
o" hold his tongue."
Il! -Israel Zangwill has a very poor
n1 opinion of the women writers of our
rt time. He says: "Amid shoals of the
"D formless, the didactic, the~dlstentlfl or
ii the ungrammatical, entirely indebted
td 'for their superior circulation to the avid
ad sisterly support o the ladies whoconsti
tute by far the larger proportion of the
~' reading public, a few feminine books
't stand out in comparative sanity and
on unity."
-A new question is agitating literary
Parts: Will the French academy, foun
tain of honor, disappear when its great
,d dictionary of the French language is
It completed? As Richelieu created the
m academy for the sole purpose of mak
, ing that dictionary, why should it sur
vive the publication of the book? No
d lwndy in this generation, at any rate,
need worry about the matter, as the
, dictionary has not yet gone beyond the
letter A.
HUMOROUS.
-"Why do you suppose they always
represent Cupid as a boy?" he asked.
"Because he never arrives at years of
tk,,'retion," she replied.-Household
. Worda.
t -Logical. r:Z,l--"Isn't it a nui
L' sance? Mother says ° Z*edn'tU go
Ia nto more than half-mourning for t ti
0 J'opplewink l" Flossie-"Wy? Ishn't
he more'n half-dead ?"-Ally Sloper.
--" reckon," said Mrs. Corntossel,
S"that these politicians say a good many
things they're sorry fur." "Yes," re
plied her husbond, "an' a good many
more thet they Orter be."-Washington
Star.
-Mabel-"Yes, he's a nice young
man; but hasii't his nose Inet with an ac
cident of some sort? 1 can't get over
it." Amy-"No wonder! It has no
a bridge." -Pittsburgh Chronicle-Tele
graph.
I -'Mlamma," remarked Johnny Run
I kles, after he had absorbed a potash
lozenge which had been given him for
Shis sore throat, "wasn't Esau an idiot to
Iell ills birthright for a mess of this
stuff?"-Brooklyn Life.
-Food for Thought.-He pressed a
anmad kiss upon her lips. "HIow can
you?" she exelaimed. "'Ah, love is
blind," he answered. And, when, four
hours later, he took his departure, she
was still thinking.-Detroit Tribune.
-"You can see foryourself that these
goods are marked down," said the sales
tman, pointing to the altered price nmark.
"They appear to be all marked up," re
plied the customer, as he looked at the
nany hieroglyphics.-Yonkers Statee
-An Irishman recently visited a den
tist. After he had discoursed volubly
on the subject of his sufferings the den
tist mildly interposed: "Do you wish to
be treated ?" "No, begorra," replied
Mr. O'F'lynn; "you sthop the pain, an'
Oi'll trate ye to anything ye want."
Fun.
-The black-bearded pirate, with a
knife between his teeth, boarded the
passenger ship. "Throw up your
handsi" he shouted. The passenger
hanging over the rail smiled feebly. "I
think I did, not less than an hour ago,"
he said gaspingly.-Cincinnati En
quirer. -
--"Are all these young men anxious
to become surgeons?" asked the-isitor.
"They are," replied the lecturer on sur
gery. "But how can so many expect to
make a livingT" "Easily, sir; easily,"
answered the lecturer. "Think of the
efect of the present bicycle eraze."
Chicago Evening Post.
-Plausible.-She-"Do you know
that if postage was put back to three
cents we would make money?" He
"WeP Who?' "Everybody, stupid.
iBecause then the merchants would
mark their goods down to $1.9? ~tromin
two dollars, instead of $1.98, as they do
nPoQw"--Ca4 diaapo-lis Jprgnmal, -
ii·
r·.~~ s~nra~n~uy~r II~~- IC ~1·~ rr
~.~% -U' I ~V ~i·
g
~iJ*i .Iri
I:1
·-~s ..,.
~L. ''
Ilgnuei~ Dri Li ·bMst Wa as be
othw .. , He anted w e
•know i we kept wigs.'- .
"Loon -tte, Uohlumpeahagef, oua m.net
k us" esr smokno con0cert. .onpl
hs*ate don't roul' "Not ayen asereS
spot ""Bow's Absti" e
no emet"
Ir is no man's business wethert he hu
eaius or not; work he must,, wabtever e
I, but quiely and steadily; ad the natural
smn unforced results of such work will be
alwys1 the thing God mean. him to do. and
h be Ids heet.-u~kfl.
to to do you A wr
ed
re
Id
to
ire
he
at
.Re
ill / I gg.
ra A Cordial Welcome itsaured lkwe HoUIDAY dA ftic fs
n. for the values ame alimt torm than printers' ink can do justice ta
a: No. tj7. Box Cost- No. 5o. Plaid Waist- No. 65. Box Cot
i 4 button front- Clan Tatans- Ledoar rle.
5 inch, long-pert woocl rough full box-pleat front-extra large 4 button ef-- .4 oe .
d oucle, theaetsons most popular well stiffened sleeves-tight fitting strictly all wool fast dyiroe c
of fabric- black only - extra argo percaline liting-black satin stock. Chinchilla elthetr nvy o black.
_ melon uleeves -full ripple ba, ck oUar--belt of self- T.he ew Pleated Sle-va-eatta
wide self-facing and hih satorm material - sires 3 to 44, $2. l nrge4Il ripnle back. wida self
collar. All sizes for Msses and Potage 4 nts. facing and ih torm collar. Two
at adie. Ia ordering state bust weelks ago plri was S7~. Sizs
S measunre. Th best valuo _ ____ _ RN_ _ esp_ a _____itable alsCan °°
to f theyear. .s. I of 024, 56r8 yon.
ie- met~ ander lefs- Foster' Gloves
Ladies· CGnuine-
" halfInc hhemntitched sheer union far we are eclusive ages for tsbhe
at linen withhand " West. This paotic
a embroidered ular loet naistsof
initial, one- the regular $,So
half dozen I. grade - known
to dainty box-- everywhere th
regular ascent standard of qutli
pr ach, . IC iid, Ave ihook in
S Ladies'nlain black, brown, tan,
half-inch hem- mode and slate
e stitched, ditto. allsizes whilethey
Jr regtlar price last, for we do. in
td Holiday trad- doelics "tois
Id ag cis. S per a ade . $.00
each . or -bak Postage Ca eats.
10 A Black Silk Fl.anni Waists- Joiated Doll-
cg Dress makes does n't fatter tem ethepture. Alleate -
Rd f that t give more satislfc- wool in plain tcolorh, e ter. llintre--and z6 in:n high
en thancn other XmDsremme be and av e sam pie either blondes or brunettas wash
brlack. Beona Saieirethtiseaon an'll send will look pretier tha ey tha open an5dlcoe. 3freiiirb
blckPeu de Sole are thisseason' any descriptio them. The sere driessestl ed wth ibb
Stwo leading fabrics. During our aleeves are full 6 iches wide and ad tinsel gimp Bonets hata
SHoliday n ale we offer either cloth lined. Yoke back, lined and ful- real ostrich tips. Postage 3o.
in so-t Inch yd r ess wathered on yoke-pleated Equal in every ay o h
Lt t-qualit. a silk, yar d, C (-sle 32 to 44 . kled , i
* /W V Postage is wits.  io ua rstid 6,
SED YOUR MONEY BACK MiAILED
POIL i ot Satiaiedwith yourpurchm. FR~m I
" TEE SEOPPEm' ESOEOMIST "
The mntat eonilete Shopping Guide ever published-sea pages devoted to good
t fiorm in woman a wear, the correct Soring styles as shown in our seventy depart
e meats being accurately described gad bd omely illuetrated. Ready March zat.
CARSON PIRIE ScOcT & Co.
S to 7s STATE STREET
) CHICAGO
if
A
Broken
Back
Just as yours will be if
Syou continue using poor
soap
CLAIRETTE SOAP.
makes wash-day as easy as any other day. Lessens
the labor, makes the clothes white, and does nodam
age. Thousands of women say so-surely they are
not all mistaken. Sold everywhere. Made only by
The N. K. Falrbank Company, - St. Louis.
• the OLD reliable,
ATESTED REMEDY
.~us. "n - LHeadache, Toothache,
Rh- . ý.'se rn aus n,,lm and PAINS generally.
o be the beat refodor ains rlly ever saw.f" d
FOR COLIC IN HORSES and MULES Itl a 'iDEAD SHOT."I
WEBD IIU111:111f1rqlqrsrhvra "tuP·Lrt Co..
The Strongest Proof
of the w apcIaedt
*Cbsrtw Oak
halnf t1 oeingtati
an cone, bet the
CKAXITZR OAK Ia
i with ae, and
4.w. ......
~intwm mý
Im Tft
_aý-Ka: .". .ýýý. .: . bii_.F: ."' ý';_.
Bawouawz. ýuidea d Ii-tlo g
wmuzwtrcusVA roidail
Q 3tMi mmd m ~ r
m taus Intniaily. PrIO .'lif .
IN thbesmm .he atrlmiouW l~mstda salt
meum to UghO on amh one boz .-T-ru`b.
af ew s
h~i-waere- me_ - r m~
~yj9oanmsu.m I0Ida S
o.®
"° QI o. ems,
N-~-=Sj · N- mii 4 saga sae . O
GAYOSO OELo
r''.r