lease s tsMe crohks lie,
i ar Sowe,
! s br,
.e .ta i ltss tagoes:
Aa.mk thekstpr swings,
-eeem tp on the dimpling
brfay moves his outspread wngs, -
sahooth snd as gay as silk.
iSn the spring house the white stones
Stheaads so damply cool,
th' corner's shadow deep
Sbhickory miking'stool.
a maple overhead.
,-s ulýrisapz brown lear like a whisper ftalls,
ins and out through its gravely bed
The current clear of the spring stream
mown n the spring house Margery sits.
Dreaming soft of the days to be,
eartug a lower to tiny bits.
With "He loves me not, he loves but me:"
Oat in the orchard the apples strew
The dewy grass with their russet and gold.
' hat mark the time when the west wind blew
His Challenge rude through the tree-tops old.
Down in the spring house a quick step falls,
A strong hand rattles the wooden latch,
aebo tdy into the twilight omll.
And something happened I did not catch:
But twocame loitering through the trees
And lingered long by the rustic gate.
S iAa an echo speaks in the warm south breeze;
"Margery. Margery. why so lateY'
-Erpeat McGatey, in N. E. Magazine.
LCopyright, 1893, by
the Author.]
IIERE'"
In a tone half
spiteful, hal f
tr lumphant,
which spoke
volumes.
The speaker
-  was a girl on
the verge of womanhood, - brunette,
tall, lithe and piquante looking.
. As she gave utterance to this expres
sive monosyllable she set down on the
table such a lovely basket of roses that
the whole air of the room was at once
filled with their fragrance and their
beauty.
Near the table, embroidering fleurs
de lys on a white satin ground, sat an
other and a fairer girl, far more regu
larly beautiful; a Saxon blonde. Nora
Treherne had none of the piquancy of
the elder and more haughty Lolla.
She raised her eyes from her em
broidery and gazed on the roses with
pleasure.
"Oh, Lolla, how lovely! Where did
you get them? Did one of your numer
ous admirers send them to you?"
"One of yours, you mean."
"How mine?"
"Look at this note fastened with a
-~~_- cord to the handle: 'For Miss
..:rne, from Sir Reginald Breton.' "
'1'., tone was still triumphant, even
1 . z Nora's fair cheek bleached toa
S ." pallor as she heard it.
S'.gien Breton sending roses to
Lolla!
Envy and jealousy were by no means
vices in which Nora habitually in
dulged, but the one human being she
had appropriated for her own was Reg
gie Breton, and she thought he loved
her.
She did not utter a sound, but tried
vainly to ply her needle as though she
were totally unconcerned. She would
not for worlds have Lolla see how
troubled she was.
Menwhile Lolla had opened the note
on the exterior of which these words
were written, and was perusing it with
such delight that she saw naught of
what was written on her sister's face.
Having drunk in with avidity every
word the letter contained she tossed it
to Nora.
"So he has at last asked me to be his
wife-tardy, halting lover though he
has been. 1 dare say he will noton that
account make a worse husband than
other men. Shy men are not my pref
Serence, but to be Lady Breton, with
five thousand a year, is something to
set against shyness. "
There was a pause, during which
she smelt the roses; at last she turned
round.
"\'hat! Not a word of congratula
tion, Nora? It cannot be possible that
you grudge me my happiness. Think.
clild, too, what a good thing it .vill be
for you. Hlow I can take you out
what presents I can Give you."
Then Nora struggled with the voice
that was barely at command, and said:
"I am glad you should be happy, Lolla,
but I do not want to go out more than
I do now, or to have any presents
from---'"
"You nasty, odious little thing! How
proud you are. lou like to give, not
to receive. Vell. I'11 keep my pretty
gifts for those who appreciate them
Wss lTnREuEnNE, FROM a81R REOIYALD
Only I hope you will be civil to Sir
eg gie when he comes, and not treat
him to any of your disagreeable airs
sad grace."'
 am going away to-enorrow to stay
w ith Aunt Lou, so I am not likely to
Sss him for some time," almost whis
Ssrsd No's.
"A good tbhing, toe. I shall not have
b0 pat up with your endless eontradie
m and shall bave everything settled
--e time you come back. Although
is a good match, 1 suppose
be some troubl. Papa is
ie almaya makes diffeulties I
ext, srad uas you saw M I
N .i.be ws3l t
-~ -I
ier to have the courage to allude toi
her pa, _oll ald-.- Noras Treherne
were the two daughters -of a small
country squire .of limited income.
Their mother had died when the girls
were very young, and they had been
brought up in a rather haphazard fash
ion, with nothing but their" own in
stincts to guide them.age to ade to
Lolla made a friend or everybody,
while Nera, erring in a different di
recton made no friends at all; that isinome.
she never conther fided the secrets of her
own little inner world.
She was all packed up ready to go to
Clifton-where Aunt Lou lived-rybodrly
on the morow. Thus, to her in a dintense
relief, she would avoid t meeting with
her sister's confided lover, whom, i
writin her acceptance of her suitworld.
LoShe was had begged to come over to
luncheon mon the following day.
Never before had a he felt so thank
ful when the train that was bearing
her from her home glided out of the
station; and since she was alone in her
compartment she could give vent to a
spontaneous burst of tears.
Aunt Lon lived in a pretty house
near the Suspension bridge, and there
-listening to the old lady's prattle and
striving to minister to her constant
requirements - Nora strove hard to
think that she liked the work
she was ulled upon to do, and was
content and at peace. If only she
could get off their wedding: if she could
go back to her home and find Lolla
married and installed as mistress in Sir
Reginald's house, she would then be
able to face life bravely.
Meanwhile she had a month's re
prieve.
Poor little Nora had no combative
powers; resigned to her fate, she had
left the coast absolutely clear, and
when Sir Reggie Breton arrived at the
squire's house to luncheon, it was to
find Lolls alone in the drawing-room
awaiting him, and the basket of roses,
still in the zenith of their beauty,
placed in a most conspicuous position.
He looked round with a bewildered
air as if he did not wholly comprehend
the situatio:; but then he was so shy,
what else could be expected?
Lolla was fully aware that he was a
man who must be met halfway, or he
would retire altogether into the shall
witnin which he usually dwelt-so she
gushed. CGushing to Lolla Treherne
was not wholly a lost art
"So good of you to send these lovely
roses-they are divine. So like you to
remember one's pet flowers and put the
sentiments that accompanied them so
tenderly and prettily."
"'The flowers-ah, yes, the flowers--I
have seen them all grow, and Simpson
knows how to arrange them," said Sir
Reggie, still looking about the room
with an uncomfortable hesitation of
manner.
"Your sister," he asked, at last, "your
sister likes these flowers!"
"My sister thought them lovely. She
has gone on a visit to Aunt Lou at Clif
ton; she went yesterday."
"She saw the flowers and went?"
Lolla nodded her head.
"Ahi!" mnuttered shortly by Sir Rieg
gie, and then a long pause.
Even Lolla was non-plussed and be
gan to think there must be some mis
take.
"Oh! I see-yes-she thought-"
What she thought he did not say,
perhaps lie did not quite know; at all
events, lie was too shy to expresi it.
Lolla, however, was not afflicted
with diffidence, and, as this big fish was
wriggling at, the end of her line. she
intended to land it, if possible.
"She thought, I suppose," she went
on, still laughing a little restrainedly.
"that you and I could settle arrange
ments best without her."
"Exactly. Yet I do not quite see
why she should go away. l'erhaps it
would be better if 1 came again
another day."
''"Certainly not. Papa expects you
to luncheon, and afterwards you can
have a nice long talk with him. and
after the talk you can come anti sit in
the garden with me."
T'hey went into luncheon. The
squire was ,ggressively hospilal,le in
his efforts to set Sir Rieggie at his e-ase,
for lie was well awarie of the iaro,net's
proclivities. \wlhiich he by no means les
sened by his tremendous attemnpts to
what lie called--",!raw him o:t."
Eventually the two men a.ljourned
to the smoking-room, where I.,ulla had
ordered coffee and whllere she % .,u ii
certainly have maden a third but for
the important issue that she hop'ed
,would be the result of their ,onversa
tion.
Not that she felt iy any means an
assured about the future as shl hadls
been before Sir Iegfgic arrived that
morning. lie was s5 strange, so unde
cideld, that it would not surprise hier if
he did not speak to her father at all,
and, if he did, mwhat would he say?
And Lolla grew white and faint from
a sudden pain which this query seemed
unexpectedly to have brought her.
Could it Ie possible, after all. that it
was Norna hie loved? Hlad she,. the in
fallible ,olla, made a mistake:? She
took out the note and read it once more.
No. it was addressed anul written to
her; there could be no mistake. Yet
why wvas lie so anxious to have Nora
there? She stupposed he svanted the
little sister to back him up.
The interview in the smoking-room
was a ler one, and the farther it was
protracted the more anxious Lolla
grew.
At last the clock struck four; if shhe
had not feared to be thought nn
maidenly she would have gone into
the smoking-room and broken up the
conclave, so impatient ihad she he
come, when she saw her father walk
ing towards the house from a totally
opposite direction- and alone.
lWhere, then. was Sir Reggie"? It
couldl not he possible that the proud
old squire had refused this good matclh.
because, forsooth, his son-in-law -rould
be richer than himself?
"I'Has Sir Reggie gone?" she asked,
as soon as her fathter was near enough
to hear.
"Yes, I have just unlocked the pad
dock gate for him. It is a much shorter
walk that way."'
ILlla could contain herself no
longer. "'Ton have not refused your
consent to the marriage, papa? You
have not loclked si- Rleggie out for
ever?"
"Not a bit of it, not a bit of it, child.
On the contrary. I have told himln that 1I
shall be proud to have him for a son-in
law."
"Then why on eart.l hats h0 -one
Cto bibthe ow#ang trai. Ielbeev~.'
"To Cliftoa"
"Well, isn't Nors there?"
"Nora! You- mean that Sir Beggle
wants to marry Nora?"
There was such a sob in Lolla's voice
that her wordy were barely compre
hensible.
The squire looked at her rather com
ically for a few seconds, then he burst
out laughing. His nature was some
what coarse and brutal.
"By Jove, and you thought Breton
wanted to marry you! By the stars,
but here as a blessed imbroglio-quite
a family drama!" And the squire set
up another gruff discordant peal.
"If he wishes to marry Nora, why
did he write to me?" asked Lolla,
angrily, taking Sir Reggie's letter from
her pocket and handing it to her fa
ther.
He read it through from end to end,
becoming more serious as he did so.
"A manly, straightforward letter;
yes, as I said before, I am proud of
him. He will make little Nora a good
husband.'
"Straightforward, you call it, to
write to me when lie means Nora?"
"It is all your own fault, Lolla, and
the less you say about it the better."
"My fault, indeed!"
"Yes, you are always trying to ad
vance yourself and thrust Nora into
the shade. It all came out during my
talk with Breton."
"I don't in the least know what you
mean."
"No, of course not," and the squire
sneered. "You quite forget that you
told Breton Nora was older than you.
It isn't the first time you have tried to
play the juvenile in reference to Nora,
and like all liars you have got caught
in your own trap at last"
Lolla hung her head. She remem
bered now, how several weeks ago, in
a foolish, thoughtless moment, she had
made this false statement to Sir Rep
gie, and she skulked away into the
house to hide her confusion and bitter
annoyance.
The first piece of petty spite in which
she indulged was to empty the basket
of its roses and scatter the petals to
the four winds of heaven. Then she
sat down to contemplate the unpleas
ant huowledge that Sir Reggie was on
his way to Clifton, where, in truth,
he arrived that evening, but too late to
call at the pretty house opposite the
Suspension bridge.
lie did the next best, however: he
put up at the hotel close by, and then
went out for a stroll.
It might, yes, it might just be possi
ble that, the fates being kind, he would
meet the fair object of his devotion.
Nor was he destined to be again dis
appointed; there she was sitting under
a tree, reading-dreaming rather, for
the deepening shadows rendered the
idea of reading rather fallacious.
She started up in a fright when she
saw Sir Reggie, and exclaimed:
"You here-tell me, what is it? Is
there anything wrong at home?"
"WVhat should be wrong, sweet
Nora? 1Why should I not come to see
you? There is nothing wrong but a
VI-~
I ýý
" Ot"OIO(iiT BRETON WANTED TO
MARRY YOU."
mistake," he went on, sitting down be
side her. "My basket of roses were
given to your sister, but they were in
tended for you.'
S1he managed to control her emotions
so as to appear cool and collected.
"I am not 1iss Tre-herne," she said,
quiet ly.
"No-- that was the mistake I made
wsill you forgive it?"
Fir Rleggie Breton was too loyal to
unplii'at ,lolla, tho'ugh from his -on
ver-ation with her father both the men
fully understood how the error had
come about.
'lorgive it. yv.s- but do I look so
ol0(1.""
"No, you look much the youn-rer of
the two. only - . v iut I feel so ashamed
of what has hap.pened that it is painful
to ce t') talk of it'
"Then let us talk of something' else."
"'()Of niy love for you and your love
for re; sla:ll it be so, fair one.'?
"If yoo w-ill," and she looked uiown
with a blush.
Another instant and his arm was
round her and he had imprinted an im
passioned k;ss on the pretty lips. It
wvas fortunate that riarkness was creep
ing up around and that the moon had
not yet risen--but in their hearts was
light
Trusted Too Mlnerih.
It was i-ittr no inconsiderable degree
of dejection that the prisoner at the
bar re-eived a rigorous sentence for
stealing a roasted chicken. He had an
artificial browvn complexion, relieved
by short but copious whiskers. He
sighed and looked very sad. "lMay I
say a few word-s? he faltered, turning
an appealing glance toward the court
"Yoiu may." Thie prisoner cleared his
throat. "I wish," he said, solemnly,
"to warn nmy fellow men not to trust
too implicitly in the promises of re
ligion. I-' (lle must certainly have
noticed the stir among the spectators,
but he didi not pause. -"sas aRssured
by people whose words I revered that
Heaven helps him who ihelp.s himnself.
I hlelped myself and look --" lint the
strong arm of the law interfered and
he was hurried away. - ) Detroit T'rribune.
A ei.t ent CreditoCr.
A collector in a church in San I-ran
cisco. on receiving a shake of the headi
instead of a dollar f-onm the haind of
one whom he knew intimately. stoppedi
to remonstrate and said: "'Villirn,. you
must give somethlnng-. You've heard
what the rector has said -it's your
duty. "- "My money belongs to my
credlitors,' said Wiiliam. "And th-o in
your greatest creditor? To whom do)
tyou owr the Inmost?' aked the colllot'r
tor. "'Vell, thr.t's vuery true." replel
WVulliarn, "brt just nowv h'a not crow.i,
ing: me q so mu n ta th ot,Ur·l
Chb:Wrop oprn#,.
•gapvration ft rou rand Dia W
Oa Pamon. Piotures
Lady nutaer'e M aterpeee. "rho Las te olt
Call," Loaned by Queen Vietoria frois
aler Prlvate ColleetLon-The Larg
est Art Gallery Ia the World.
ISpecial Chicago Correspondence .
To many even of the most enthusi
astic promoters of the world's fair it is
a constant source of surprise to see how
the enterprise is growing far beyond
the original plans. The recognition
accorded to it by persons of weight
abroad is especially gratifying to them.
This applies more, perhaps, than any
where else, to the department of fine
arts.
It was admitted quite generally in
the early stages of the undertaking
that while in the industrial and com
mercial lines the World's Colnmbian
exposition would probably surpass all
that had gone before, it would, of
necessity, lag behind others, and par
ticularly behind the great Paris ex
position of 1889, in the fine arts ex
hibit. The argument was that the
United States is a young country which
is occupied with building up its ma
terial prosperity and has not yet had
time to devote much of its energies to
those things which go to embellish life
and make it enjoyable in the higher
sense. That it would reach this stage
later on and was, in fact, entering on
it even in our day was, of course, un
derstood. But, for the time being,
there was no dispute that the stage had
not been reached when it could com
pete with the old world in the matter
of an art exhibit, and that our exposi
tion would suffer by comparison with
the one of 1889 which was held in the
capital of that country which stands
to-day, without question, at the head
of the world of art.
It is all the more gratiifing, in view
of these circumstances, to ee that the
fine arts exhibit promises to be among
the best of the entire exposition. In
the first place, there has been built the
ILADY BG rLER'S PICTUE3.
largest art gallery in the world. It
was Luilt substantially, the artists
who contemplated exhibiting ins.tting
upon having a building where the
works of their lives might be reason
ably safe from fire.
The art building lies in the northern
part of the world's fair grounds, within
that part wvhich was the improved por
tion before the exposition company
took charge of the grounds. It graces
the north bank of a pretty lake which
is surrounded by the buildings of the
various states of the union and foreign
governments.
It is a building of severe simplicity,
almost plainness, in pure classical
style, as far as this was compatible
with the practical purposes which the
building had to serve. The interior is
arranged with a view of having as
much wall space as possible for hang
ing pictures and as much floor space as
can be had for statuary.
The applications for space have been
extraordinary. It goes without saying
that all applications could not be acted
upon favorably. 'There must be dis
cretion used in admitting exhibits in
this department inmore than anywhere
else. A jury is now at work making
the selections for the exhibit. A great
many artists will naturally be disap
pointed, but this is inevitable. Great
secrecy is observed with regard to the
applications. The names of the appli
cants for space are not given to the
puolic, as it.is consnidcred that it would
be an injustice to those whose work
might not be admitted. The names of
.he successful ones only will be made
public.
Among the picturnes that will come
here from abroad are many of renown
in the artistic w~orld. Wealthy con
noisseurs and ruling monarchs have
been prevailed upon to allow the treas
ures of their private galleries and pub
lic museums to be Ibrought her - for ex
hibition. \\Works of art that have not
been moved from their present places
for many years, almost centuries, will
be shipped to this i' -ty and exhibited to
the visitors at the fair. In this way
the collection hids fair to rival even the
magnificent exhibit at Paris in 1889.
The fortunate position of the United
States in being at peace with tle whole
worla, having no enemies to fear and
no diplomatic complications with any
nation, proves of great benefit in this
connection.
There has been quite a little talk in
this city of late concerning a certain
picture which Queee Victoria will loan
to the exposition from her private gal
leries. It is the work of one of the
most popular artists of England, lAtdy
Itutler. formerly bliss Elizabeth
Thompson. tler work is popular in
England more than anywhere else, for
the very natural reason that her sub
jects are largely patriotic, as the ones
entitled "Italaklava.," 'laisted for the
Connaught Rangers." 'Quatre-ltras,"
"Scots (;rays Advancing," etc., all be
ing mr-ilitary in character, and several
picturing the glorious scenes, from the
Englishman's point of view, of the
Crimean war.
But her popularity depends not on
this fact alone. (,n the contrary. her
work has been pronounced excellent
by some of the best critics and is ree
ognized in the art world as being of a
very high order. John Ruskin spoke
of it as "'Amazon work." The London
Art Journal said of the picture whica
will he on exhibition in Chicago:
"There is no painter who can treat
a subject demanding expressional
force in a more temperate and reserved
spirit and who can seize accurately up
on sudden phases of individual character
and combine the various motives of a
varied group in such a way as to ee
-lire the effect of harmonious compo
astion. In this line of soldiers worn
ont .with conflict, some wounded, oth
ers fallen with their dying faces clear
ing the snow, there is the terrible
quietude and passionless severity of
abso:ute fact, The supreme merit of
imeo work, in an artistic eonse, lles in
shin very quflIty of prfect sel?-cýQ.* I
asear that* already occuarred any
farther and is "ontent with the re
slred xpreveton proper to reality
We can eiadily conceive of the many
inte$or ways id which the same theme
buight have been handled. Each wound
mtight have been turned into an oc
casion for the display of sentiment.
and the canvas might have been filled
with a number of pathetic incidents
that are 'pretty,' perhaps, but with
out the force of truth. It is the mod
esty and seriousness of Miss Thomp
son's work that entitle it to be ranked
as a genuine expression of ara as well
as a popular picture."
The picture here referred to and
which is the one that will be exhibited
in Chicago is called "The Roll Call.'
ART PALACE.
It represents a regiment of the grena
dier guards, after a battle in the
Crimea, being inspected by the colonel,
who rides past in front of the ranks.
The words quoted from the Art Jour
nal contain not only a criticism but
also a description of the scene to which
but little can be added. The picture
tells the story of that murderous war.
The fight with all its suffering and its
glory seems condensed in this scene
where they count, not the dead, but
the living. One cannot help thinking
of the barbarous Russian warfare of
that period with its chain balLk and, on
the-other hand, of the charge of the
light brigade at Italaklava, which has
been immortalized in poetry and which
forms the subject of another painting
by the same artist, with all its high
courage and patriotism.
The artist, Miiss Thompson, now
Lady Butler, was born in 1844, and as
a child evinced decided taste in draw
ing soldjers and horses. She began to
exhibit her work in 1878, when she sent
to the Royal Academy a picture called
"Missing," which attracted a great
deal of attention. The "Roll Call.'"
her most famous work, was first ex
hibited in 1874. and was purchased by
the queen. The picture gained a popu
larity for itself and its author that
was almost without precedent in lEng
land. The following year she exhibited
the picture of "The Twenty-eighth
Regiment at Quartre-Bras," and again
a year later came "Balaklava." An
other picture, "The lReturn from Ink
erman," was bought by the Fine Arts
society for £3,000.
These facts are sufficient to indicate
the standing of the painter and the nu
portance of the picture which the queen
has consented to loan to our exposi
tion. It is safe to say that It will he a
highly interesting attraction. Battle
scenes and soldier life are always at
tractive to a majority of people, and it
will be refreshing to see some work in
this line that is truthful without the
horror and ghastliness which some
modern artists have carried into sitni
lar work, coming dangerously near the
proper boundary lines of art.
II. E. O. IIElNIEMAN"N.
FEATS WITH THE WHIP.
The ('rous-EyIed Man (Capled the CInliax
wit I lia Story.
They had been telling stock-whip
stories till the tea in the old keg was
run out. and the smoke in the hut was
thick enough to be sawed. "Toothey
Iloskins remembered a fellow on the
Diamnantina who could cut down a cow
with his whip, skin her, and carve up
the carcass. Spotted Itoyd had cut his
way through two miles of thick scrub
with a new whip, and offered his "sol
ernn oath" in corroboration. A white
headed youth, newly arrived, had a
relative who could take a stock-whip in
either hand and write the Lord's
P'rayer on the bark of a white gum
with the left hand weapon, whilst
playing a jig with the other on a tin
dish at tire paces. llarry Clarke
thought that pretty "ceonsioleraibtle,'
but lie had met a fellow in Itoure who
could pull corks with every stroke of
his whip, and wind up a watch by
flicking at it from reaching'distance.
Presently the new arrival, with the
clean-sweep shave and cross-bred eyes.
ventured to remark. lie was an incon
sistent man, who had excited suspicion
by saying grace at tea, and had then
disarmed suspicion by fooling a bottle
of rulm big enough to go twice round.
"Yes,.' he said. "''in knockin' round
I've met fellers that could give yeh a
hair-cut and shave with a whip, near
ly: but ain't many of 'em can make
their abilities pay. I've on'y struck
one cove who gathered a pile handlin'
a stock- whip."
"What could he do with it:'"
"l'ick pockets. "-Sydney Bulletin.
Hollandr'a Vast Undertaking.
If the estimates' which have been
made of the cost of draining the
Zuyder Zee in Holland and the value
of the land which will be reclaimed
are correct, it will be a profitable un
dertaking which has at last been be
gun after 600 years' consideration. It
was in the year 1282 that the sea
flooded 1.000,000 acres and destroyed
seventy-two villages inhabited by the
i)utch. The dam which is to he built
to shut out the North sea will extend
from Makum, in l"riesland, to the
island of Wieringen, in north Holland.
WVhen it is finished the water will be
pumped into the sea and the world
will be allowed to look at the thir
teenth century villages, or what is left
of them. It is said that three-fourths
of the reclaimed land will be worth
5400 an acre, which will add $800.
000.000 to the value of the agricultural
territory of Holland. As the cost of
building the dam and pumping out the
water will be only 1695,000,000, there
will be a handsome profit in the enter
prise. On this side of the ocean .400o
an acre seems to be a large price for
farming land, but it may be wort'h that
amount to the oll1andera --Fire and
Water,
ALL ABOUT CUTWORMS.
Deseriptlon ot the feet, Its 11Rbts. am'
Eow to ExtermiLate It.
The term cutworm is very loosely
ased, being often applied to the larve
of the June bug, which cut grass roots,
to the wire worms, the larva of the
snapping beetles, and even to the
borers that cut channels in woody
plants. The term cutworm is princi
pally confined by entomologists to
larva of the owlet moths (Noctuauk),
that have the habit of hiding just
under the surface of the ground during
the day and feeding upon the roots,
stenis or leaves of plants by night.
When the larvae climb high and feed
upon the foliage of tall plants or trees,
they are called climbing cutworms.
The cutworms may be known by the
following general characters: The
moths known as dart moths or owlet
moths are deltoid or triangular in
shape when the wings are closed, and
usually fly at night, and often enter
rooms, being attracted by the light.
The worms when full grown measure
from one to two inches in length, have
sixteen legs, thick bodies which taper
somewhat at the ends, without hairs
and greasy looking, brown gray or
greenish with indistinct longitudinal
FIG. 1.
or oblique markFugs; head, long, shin
ing red or brow-ng, head and anal
segments armed above with a horny
plate, darker than the remainder of
the body. On each segment are six or
eight dark colored humps, each bear
ing a hair. When disturbed the worms
curl themselves into a ring. There are
upwards of three hundred species; one
of the most common and destructive is
the greasy, or black cutworm
The larva (Fig. 1) or worm, when
full grown is about an inch and a half
long, a dull red brown color, with five
paler- stripes running along the body.
the unier side of the body being pale
greenish yellow.
The moth (Fig. a.) has dark fore
wings with a bluish tinge on the front
border and with a dark-brown lance
shaped mark running from the pos
terior portion of the kidney-shaped
spot in the middle of the wing. Ilind
wings pearly white and semi-trans.
parent. There are two ,broods and the
moths are on the wing from April t(,
October.
The n-atural enemies of cutworms are
various species of parasitic and preda
ceous insects, birds like the robin,
blackbird, catbird and poultry, aud
animals like the skunk and mole.
Among artificial remedies we nasme
preventive measures, a handful of
salt on the surface of the plant hill, to
bacco dust about the stem of plant, pa
per, burdock or walnut leaves wrapped
around the stnem of the plant, paper or
tin tubes slit at one side slipped over
the stem, or dusting dry powder like
hellebore, air-slaked lime, ashes and
pyrethrum about the stems and on the
foliage of plants.
Among destructive mneasures we name
early fall plowing which covers up the
feed of the young worms and le ave
them to starve, late fall and Aisnter
plowing which exposes them in their
winter quarters to perish, dipping
plants to be set in a solution of helln
bore (one pound to ten gallons of wa
ter), or paris green (one ounce to eight
gallons of water), digging out worms by
hand where plants have been cut by
them.
An effective mnethod of naving a
crop from their ravages is by poisoning
Lthem before the plants are set ora crop
like corn comes up. To do this, grass,
clover, cabbage or turnip leaves are
dipped in paris green water and scat
tered in small h:andfuls over the gar
den or field. A stone or piece of wood
laid on it will keep the poisoned trap
from drying out or blowing away.
FItO. 2.
The green stuff may Ie moistened and
poisoned plaster or flour dusted over it.
()f c iurse. poultry and aninals that
will lhe injured by eating the poisoned
grr.cns must be kept out of the tield.
|ierosene (-mnulsion has been suc
cessfully tri(ed at the departnient of
agriculture, \Washington, i),. C(., for de
stroying root-eating grubs in grass
grounds, and would, without doubt,
prove as effectual in kilfling cutworms
under similar circurmstances. T-h
places affected ere thorough ly
drenched with an emullon of kerosene
in the propqrtion of one to sixteen, and
the ground then i-ell watered. \Vhen
this emulsion was uiseI the grubs irn
mediately ceased their depredations,
penetrated further into the ground and
wmot a live one ivas afterward found.
For this emulsion dissolve a quarter
pound hard soap in two #quarts boiling
water. Add one pint of kerosene and
churn violently until thie emrielsion
"comes." Add to this two gallons of
water. itefore sprinkling the soil di
lute as above.
For cuts and many of the facts here
in given we are indebted to a bulletin
of the ?laine state experiment sta
tion and the Farm .Journal.
FACTS FOR FARMERS.
OxsE decided advantage with a good
shelter is that the sheep will produce a
greater return in sheep and wool, with
less feed.
IN selecting horses or cattle for
breeding, a deep chest, with wide nos
trils, are the essential points, as these
signs indicate large, healthful lungs.
THE compound given below is said to
be good for the trees and to prevent
damage by rabbits, viz.: two e
soap dissolved in three gallons of hct
water and two ounces carbolic acid.
AN Illinois sheep-breeder, who has
fattened as many as 10,000 sheep, states
that ensilage, with a little grain, is an
admirable feed for the m. On such
a diet his sheep have gained twen
ty pounds in ninety days. on an aver
age. for a large number. WVhile the
gain may not be as great a-s on a more
concentrated ration, yet the cost was
less than with some other kinds of
foodQ.
racks. A movable rack for the bat=l
much more desirable than a fat
one. In taking out the mannwe dip4
when temporary subdivisions are m4 i
it is often convenient to shiftthe iks.
Both of those given are mevable nd
each can be mode double by hbarg a
trough for grain feed on each side and -
by making it twice as wide as t
described.
Double racks make good m ~abe
partitions. They can be any lengthe-a
sired, though 10 to 12 feet answers
well, and are easily moved. Fig. 1:
shows the first form arrangedfor feed
ing hay, the grain trough B is turned
up and fastened by a hook. The hay
is drawn out between the slats. The
openings are not wide enough for the
sheep to get their heads through and
they do not slope out enough for seed
and dirt to fall into the feece badly.
The trough, E, which is 1 foot wide,
-.
catches the chaff and loose hay which
is drawn out. Fig. 2 shows this rack
with the grain trough, i. down. Fig.
:; is the same in cross section and gives.
the dimensions. With this rack the
grain trough is entirely free from the
dirt and litter front the hayl. A sililar
rack hats been used by some western
feeders and at the lowa Agricultural
college, all of whom report it satLsfacr
tory.
Fig. J shows the perspective of
another formn of mnovable combination
rack. It differs from the first in hav
ing a sold board A instead of slat.- It,
has a :t-itnch opening below where the.
sheep draw out hTay and the trough B
is used for feeding grain. This rack
Ikeets the fleece clean and does not
bre-ak st. T'he trough must be cleaned
of the litter that comes from the hay
before grain is fed. This form of rack
is also used by some western feeders
and is the one used at W1isconsin ex
perimnent station. It has given general
satisfaction. Fig. 4 represents the rack
in c-ross section, gives its; dimensions
and shomws tiii method of construction.
ABOUT TILE DRAINING.
Work That P'ays fr Iitsrelf in a Very Sheort
All land that has no sand-or gravel
should he under-drained.
The fircut thing in drainage is a good
outlet, Ivthther open ditch or tile,
large enoug t to carry the water from
the smaller drains.
If the ground is rather flat. with lit
tie fall, cut the ditches from fifty to
seventy-five feet apart, with not less
than one inch of f.tll to) one hundred
feet of lenrith, not less than twenty
inches deep in th,e mot shallotw place,
ntor more than threre feet deep. unless to
get the grade or , 1vel. (iut dhtch in bot
tom purfectly 1,e-I. so there will be
no riftl- s in it. lay tih etile close against
eiach other; tit the jioints 'ell together;
put line earth irnutnd tile about six
in-e.s ide p; Ihen till the rineainder in
witii plow or shovel. hot do not allow
horses or cattle to tramp in it when
fresh fi lled in otr giround is wet.
lThe size of tile shioul vary is it,h the
amotunt of water and the distance of
dIrains apart. For flat ground, fifty
feet apart and forty rods long, with
one inch full to one hundred feet
length; thie outlet shlould have three
and a half or fonr-inch tile for thirty or
thirty-five rods, and the remainder
with th-ree or three and a half inch.
In ditches of shorter distance three or
three and a half inch is large enoughi,
according to the water they have to
carry; for branches from ten to twenty
rods a three-inch tile makes a good
ditch with the above fall.
Tile does good service where the
drains are one hundred feet apart if
put in lowest places. Drains from
sixty to eighty rods long should have
five or six inch tile fe.' an outlet A
six inch tile isill carry all the water on
flat land fromn forty racres without in
jury to crops from wet weatlher.
The advantages of tile draining are
many. Plowing may be done from a
week to ten days earlier in the spring;
tile-drained land is half manured. Al
though open ditches do good service
lwhere tile ditches cannot be mrade,
their disadvantages are great; with
tile drains the water will soon disap
pear from the surface after a rain,
while with an open ditch it will stand
outside of bank for several days; yor:
can farm and raise *he best crops over
tile drains, while an open ditch ta
waste land for vreeds to grow on; you
never nieed to Clean a tile drain, if
properly put in; you must clean out an
open tlituh every twvo or three years:
your open ditches harbor vermin. such
ats nmuskrats and the mink, who dig
holes alorg the bank for horses and
cattle to step in and break their legs;
your tile ditch will not harbor any
thing and gives you no trouble if yo,.
have a escreen over the outllt--', Lr.
elUiser, in Farm Fleld leo4 a'iIlehd