a the open air.
needfu erer
ef tsa need-a
invigoradon 3
o torough13r ian from
att res onov annt par
- iueerut the ezllhaustet
ro also for dyslcpsin e
o imtc ailments.
ait race you ever sawP'
rWce is about as fst as
Btu 1 f Pare,
aon ths"Dinai Cas of
auee & 8t. PataI
ý Ieral ua!c ngerAgent.
lR~~-g, clrdagolell01
. igave Up
ould ever be bettsr, I had sf
o from sour stomach, kidney
odor ailments. But Hood's
was the means of saving my
o - g !it I was strong and
S14 lbs. I recommend
A'Sarsaparilla!:
o longfor health and strength."
snaB, Summerdale, Ill.
s Pills are tas s less, mild. effe
S tire. All druggists. Ic.
ccessful
oe fruits, berries,
kinds of vegetables,
now~l ty largest yields and
bestr uality are produced by
the liberal xe of fertilizers
, contain'g at least 10o of
- Actuals Potash.
. Without- the liberal use of Pot
ash on-sandy soils, it is impos
sible to .mw fruits, berries and
Svegetbesof a quality that will
in nd the best prices.
a . 'Oe rpamlphlts sre not advertising circular, boom.
t_^ , pe . rfecrilise, but are practicn l works, contais
' - . ' $dIIeerat" rerc.O bes on the subject of fertilization. nd
4. e rc' -ly helpful to famers. They are sent free for
7eii, th. asshk.+.
* GER[ANJ KALI WVORKS.
93 Nassau ;t., New York.
An important
trifle - The
DeLONG Patent
Hook and Eye
and trifles make
perfection.
Sace that
hump?
imown. It is the Safest
FOOD for Convilescents!
So' b DRUOISTSEVERYWHER I
Vour W ife-. ......
S 0 Will like It.
: ] R" E So will the Cooki
.-,.r better balf does the cooking, that Is
si ddltonl reasot why there saoul e
EClt. your kitchen. The use of them prevents
Seat worry and diappointm4lt. . . ." .
must .e.xpect liabRle.
eracc before Meat. ,
there's a difference between being full of thanks
giving, and being full of Thanksgiving dainties.
But the one thing generally leads to the other. How
can it be helped when the turkey is so good, and the
pie so enticing? Here's a helpful hint: For that
full feeling after Thanksgiving,- take a pill. Not
any pill, mind you. There are pills that won't help
you. Take the pill that will. It's known as Ayer's
Pill- and it's perfect. It is sugar-coated, pleasant
,to the palate, and its operation, like that of nature,
is effective and without violence. Keep this in your
~aind if yua want to enjoy the holiday season:
b;G efore meat, but a Pill after Pie.
IIi·-~
-.SFRUIT TRIBUTES.
b.he p-*o-Date Young Madea Latest OS 1
terlas to HiS Lady Love.
The latest requirement laid upon the 1
pocket and affections of the generous
young man is the offering of fruit tt I
the lady of his admiration.' She is going
to expect it, and the very up-to-date
fruiter is no more the swain's o od
frienid han is the florist or eonfee
tioner.
To senda modest present of fruit this
winter will be i t~st of affection, in.
deed, sitiee the dealer has taken coun
sel with himself and learned the virtue
of offsetting his wares with ribbons
and baskets of wondrous manufacture.
It all happened because a finicky
young man ordered several pounds of
luscious hot-house grapes, golden pearl
pears and late Virginia peaches to be
sent to his betrothed on her arrival
from Europe. lie refused to have them
delivered in the usual plain but honest ,
and inexpensive paper bag. So the
fruit dealer bought a rustie cornuco
pia basket, woven of green and brown T
cedar bark, supported on "thee tall
legs. This he lined with autumnl
leaves, heaped In the fruit *with no
Inartistic hand, dropped around in the 1)
nooks English walnuts and chestnuts L1
still in the half-open burr, and Pi
fled all the curled end of the is
coriacopia with masses of russet if
brown and purple ribbons. The basket T
met with so many compliments and tl
approval, that both the girls who sar gi
it and the fruiter himself were de- ni
lighted. The exacting young man paid tc
outjust ten dollars for his gift, and sO ci
implicated all his fellow men. vi
The way to a maiden's affections cli
now lies by the way pf a fruit basket, fc
and some of them are really worth hav- a
ing. Until the very latest moment in
the season peaches will be the one de- ti
I sired contents for those made of gilded tc
and silver oat straws, woven in with
different-colored ribbons, lined with Ic
big green silk leaves, the peaches aro
ranged in a pyramid, wearing ribbon
belts and bows around their fat, rosy t
bodies.
Next in order are countrymen's hats,
of a curious sunburnt straw, filled A'
with pears; and prettiest of all, round,
rough, fiat baskets made of brown 0
wythes, with big loop handles and n
piled with green and deep purple
grapes. These baskets are in iilita- "
tion of those the grape tratherers use C
in Burgundy. They are tied with red
and green satin ribbons; somewhere t
amid the bows is caught a. pair of t
cunning little grape scissor""and al- c
ready, with the arrival of early r
oranges, have come lovely green pal- I
metto baskets, woven in big broad %
concave platters, the handles of twist
ed orange satin ribbons, one of them
holding a little fruit knife.
Every basket of oranges is pilced i
specially with a stein and one green t
leaf attached, and though these bas- 1
kets cost ten dollars, twelve dollars 1
and fifteen dollars, the really expen- 1
sive ones are trimmed with bon-bons.
The confectioners make cunning imi
. tations in papier mache of pears,
a peaches and apples and fill them with
, assorted chocolates. A handsome bas
ket has at least half a dozen of these
pretty bonbonniere set amid the other
fruits and one gift of fruit made re
cently by a N-pw York swain was a
Chinese mandarin's hat filled with wee
mandarin oranges, some of which fell
open to show Japanese persimmons in
side, candied currants, sugared cher
ries. or crystalized citron.- -Detroit
Free Press.
THE ARMENIANS.
A Gifted People VWho Hlave Played a Con- I
alderable Part In Allstury.
The Armenians are a civilized peo- t
ple, a people of great natural gifts, and
a people who have played a consider
able part in history. Since their
ancient monarchy, which had suffered
severely in the long and desolating
wars betfeen the Roman and Persian
empires from the third to the seventh
century of our era, was finally de
stroyed by the Seljukian Turks, a large
part of the race has been forced to
migrate from its ancient seats at the
- eadwaters of the Euphrates, Tigris
and Aras. Some of them went south
west to the mountain fastnesses of
CAlicia, where another Armenian king
dom grew up in the twelfth century.
Others drifted into Persia. Others
moved northeastward, and now
form a large, industrious and
prosperous population in Russian
Transcaucasila, where many have en
tered the military or civil service of
the czar, anti risen, as the Armenians
used to rise long ago in the Byzant::b,
empire, to posts of distinction and
power. Russia's three best generals in
her last Asiatic campaigns against the
turks were Armenians.
OLhers again have scattered themn
selves over the cities of Asia Minor and
- southeastern Europe, where much of
the local trade is in their hands. But
a large number, rougfhly estimated at
from 1,300,000 to 1.700,000, remain in
the old fatherland round the great
lake of Van, and on the plateaus and
elevated valleys which stretch west
ward from Mount A-arrat to Erzerum
and Erzinghian. Hlere they arc an ag
n ricultural and (to a less extent) a pas
to ral population, leading a simple
primitive life and desiring nothing
more than to be permitted to lead it in
peace and in fidelity to that ancient
church which has been to them the
symbol of nationality, as well as the
u!lide of lifefor sixteen centuries.
AN ADVERT'ISEMENT. to
P"Iked up last night on Blversld de
A diary. She who lost may learn
That she must be identified ree
Ere she may claim the boOk's rettittu. et
Now she Mthist i*-ve heano-tf to be
The girl' who bought, the tenth of ta)0. me
Some slippers that I want to see, dd
(Boudoir: no baci*i;'site t: TI say) CuO
The girl Who paid July the third, him
The bet shetnade on Harvard's ecore:
.Who rode, June fifth, a horse she h ,ard ttu
Had run away the day before. gls
The girl who cut her chum in Msy,
(Who Jilted Jack, who'd yet to earn fl
Excessive wealth, to clear the Way
For Jim, a imtin with things to burnt). fut
None need noptly exCtelttng she th
tVho lately bou~ght her brother such
A brier pipe-it cost a V
Because she likes the smell so much. the
_'ow, if my ad should fall her way. fox
She, fetching proofs I deem to be pe!
Conclusive, then her journal may nei
Not only have-but also me. Olh
-Layton Brewer. In Puek.
TH1: DiAe-DOSAGE SYSTEM. r
The case of Thomas Cutter, of fled qu
f0og, Calrverax county, was a puzzle to
the doctors. He had such a variety of
peculiar symptoms that medical opin
ion inclined to the belief that he suf- '
fered from a complication of diseases.
To one doctor the liver seemed to be
the cief organ at faults t( another, the
gre-at troitble appeared to be in the kid- t
nieys; While ia tlitid iroild say that in
testint indigestion was the main difll
culty. And yet' Mr. Cutter had been ad
vised that his stomach was chronically gl"
disordered, and still another diagnosis di
found grave derangement of the heart's
action.
What added to the troubles of the pn
tlcnt was his inconstancy with regard pt
to treatment. He had such a distrust r'i
of mnedi.al science that he would not h
long adhere to the advice of any physi- so
clan. lie consulted doctor after doctor es
and 'each expressed dissatisfaction with
the previous treatment and diagnosis. Pc
There seented to be so many things e'
wrong uwith his internal organs that PI
there was room for a great diversity of
opinion, and yet none of the doctors i
need le wholly astray.
If Mr. Cutter did not get well it was
not because he had failed to take medi- bi
cine. lie had a morbid delight in drugs. i
Al :er completing the rounds of the doc- ft
to-rs offices in his town he would sonme
tinmes take a course of patent medicines gi
of his own account. lIe spent hours in tt
rending the advertisements of the va- p
rious nostrums, and occasionally he y'
would find a recital of symptoms that tl
appeared to coincide with his own. yo
Then hle would rush to the nearest drug cc
store, buy a bottle of the much-wanted ti
reraediy and faithfully take the dose pro- b
scribed. By the time he had exhausted p
the bottle his fickle thirst for medica- ca
tion had found some fresh object of at- '
traction, or lie had repaired to some g
practicing physician, regular or irreg- it
ular. f
The wonder was, in view of the quan
tities of medicine he took, that lie con
tinued well enough to attend to his of
ticial duties as treasurer of Calaveras a
county. Moreover, he drank more o
whisky than he could well carry with h
entire equilibrium. Anotherfailingwas a
a fondness for faro, which gossips said t
had often cost him more than he could h
auford to lose. IIis drinking and gam- t'
bling were the only things that served t]
to divert his attention from his real or c
imaginary ailments. Were it not for c
cards and liquor, as he expressed it, his .,
stomach would have been constantly p
ulpon his mind. But some of his cronies b
declared that there was nothing in re
ulity the matter with him; that his
maladies were imaginary, the truth
being that he had become a hypo- s
chondriac, and had deceived all the doc- ,
tors by describing symptoms which had
no existence in fact.
In his restless search for novelty, Mr.
Cutter originated what he called a dual
system of treatment. In its alplica- t
tion to his own case this consisted in
dosing himself for one ailment while
following a medical prescription for an
other. lie had a theory that the doc
f tors failed to give him relief because
they did not make their prescriptions
sufficiently comprehensive, having an
s eye to only one disorder, while he was
v the victim of a number of diseases at
f the same time. It was shortly after
a the adoption of this new doctrine that
- r. Cutter called one day upon Dr. Silex
f for a consultation.
The doctor listened with the utmost
professional gravity to the recital of a
long train of distressing symnptoms.
""I think your troubles," he said, at
C last, "may all be attributed to the livef.
It needs stirring up."
Mr. Cutter was secretly convinced that
d the fault was chiefly in the lungs, but
hlie dutifully took thile prescriptionl
lwhich the doctor handed him, paid th*:
fee and went to the Red Dog druggist
t to have the medicine conipounded.
1 When the prescription had been tilled
hlie decided that hlie would take some
· glyccrin for the benefit of his lungs,
uiand so he purchased a bottle of that sub
'. stance froni the synipathetic apothe
, cary, who never failed to reconimnend
g vhaitever Mr. Cutter was disposed to
a try.
t Mr. Cutter was a widower, and the
e only other occupant of his isolated
0 dwelling, on the outskirts of the town
- of lied Dog, was an aged housekeepe-.
11er chief virtue, in his eyes, was that
she never meddled with the medicine
closet, whose shelves were filled with a
wonderful accumulation of bottles,
every form and size being represented.
Despite the enormous consumption by
the owner, the stock of medicines re
maining, in quantity as well as in va
riety, would have sufficed for a ship's
crew on a voyage around the world or
for the supply of a county hospital.
Hlis latest acquisitions were now
added to this curious collection. And
each time that he took a dose of the med
icine prescribed by Dr. Silex he followed
it up with a spoonful of glycerin. He
began to feel some rather curious ef
fects from this combination treatment
after a few days. But, as the sensations
he experienced were rather agreeabli
than other wise, he concluded that the
dual system was working well and he
persevered in it. In the course of an
Sother week he was conscious of a pe
culiar sort of exhilaration, and when he
walked out of doors he seemed to be
treading on air. This aroused his curi
osity, and he made a second call on Dr.
Silex.
"I am feeling much better, doctor,"
said the patient. "Do you nmind telling
me what was in that prescription you
gave me?"
l) ,urnwhthop3P#Oeae I
to and hias ikesctiption o efmacaioum,
'called for nothing more than nitrie
solad in solution. It is a very powerful
remedy, and you must be careful not to
exceed the dose prescribed."
'it dlidn't know whether it was your
smedicine or the glycerin that was
doing ne so muich good," remarked Mr.
Cutter,, abstractedly, as if speaking to
himself.
"Glycerin?" queried the doctor,whose
quick ear had caught the word. "What
glycerin ?"
"I've beep taking some along with the
fiiediine," Mr. Cutter explained, It cono oct
fusion, knowing how medical men dis- hot
like any departure from the treatment
they, order. U C
There was a momentary twinkle in
the doctor's eye. It might have passed a
for amlusement, but there was every ap- 40
pearance of consternation in his man
ner as he jumped to his feet and ex- pi
elnimned a
"Wb'hatt Glycerin and nltric acidl
ti'iett iteivei, s, isain, do you know what die
•o hiive dodtxe Thank God, I cannot wa
be held responsible for the conse- an'
quences, no matter what may happen!" gr'
"Why,!' cried his patient, in alarmed I
surprise, "what's the matter?" Ali
""Matter? Why, man, you have sat- an
,rated your system with nitroglycerin. he
That's what's the matter. Don't jump de
like thant The least shock may make
yt g tit lib a twinkling. You must ju
ttoid ta ,ir as you would poison. Si!
Souldn't you see that the seid and the th
glycerin would chemically unite and no
mnake you explosive? How much El
glycerin have you taken?"
"About two ounces, I think," was the wl
dismayed answer. W
"Is it possible? You are positively In:
dange-rous to be at large. You must
practice the utmost cautionl. Don't dc
ride on the cars; the least concussion PI
t might be fatal. You must get rubber ca
solesprut on your shoes immediately. lie
r careful not to Jump. even off a doorstep. to
Of course, you must not shoot, or ex- IC
pose ourself in any way to shocks or at
explosions of any kind. Even the snap- Iv
ping of a cap might make you vanish tl
f in a tecond, and there would be noth- N
, ing but a loud report to tell the tale of
your disappearance."
s "Dut, doctor," implored the trem
I- bling patient, "can your science do noth
s. ing for me? Cannot you get this dread
ful expilosive out of my system?"
- "lfossibiy I might render it less dan
as gerous, at least," responded the doctor,
a thoughtfully. "It's a case without
t- precedent, but I'll do what I can for
ec you. The first step will be to change
it the nitroglycerin into dynamite. That.
i. you know, is far less apt to explode by
g concussion. In fact, it is nothing more
d than nitroglycerin held in a solid form
a- by an absorbent substance. 1 shall
d prescribe for you a little infusorial
a- earth, to be taken three times a day.
t- That n ill gradually draw out the nitro
te gl3cerin from your circulation, change
g- it into dynamite, and in the course of a
few weeks yeou may be safe."
-' This assurance alleviated the fears of
a- Mr. Cutter to some extent, but he re
f- paired to the Red Dog druggist in an
is anxious frame of mind. The rumbling
Ce of a passing drny filled him with appre- 1
:h heasson, and he made a long detour to
is aviod passing a new building where
id the carpenters were still busy withtbieir
Id hummers. His alarm was excited when
d- the druggist began to pound up soni-c
d thing in a mortar, and so his critical 1
)r condition was explained to the pharma
r cist. Mr. Cutter vent home by a devious
is route in order that he might not be ex
ly posed to any jar from the anvils of na
es blan-ksumith shop which he was accus
a- to,.ed to pass every day.
is On the evening of the same day Dr.
th Silex attenled a meeting of the lRed Dog
0 Medical society. It was a private gath
c- erin';, as usual, and sounds of unwonted
id hilarity were heard before the assen-'
binge dispersed.
r. No one knew how the strange condi.
al tion of Mr. Cutter became known, but
a- the next day it was the talk of Red Dog.
in He noticed that everybody avoided hint
le as though he were a pestilence, and
n- even the clerks in his office shuddered
h- hlenever they had occasion to be near
se him. lie cautioned them against sud
as den closing of the doors of the huge safe
an that contained the public moneys, and
as with his own hands he pinned upon the
at outer door of the office a placard read
er ilg: "Do not slam."
at As the days went by Mr. Cutter be
eX came more and more despondent. It
was evident, Dr. Silex assured him, that
Est the nitroglycerin was as yet imperfect
fa ly converted into dynamite. lie be
gan.taking long and solitary walks
et over the hills near the town of led Dog,
partly to distract his mind and partly
to escape the dangers incident to hu
at man companionship to a man who was
ut loaded with nitroglycerin.
o One afternoon he was walking over
h* the hill in which theGround IIogQuarts
ist Mining company was boring a tunnel.
ed. There can be no doubt about the fact
ed that Mr. Cutter was seen walking over
me the brow of the hill just before a blast
Swas fired in the depths below. It was
cb- only a "shot," and did nothing to dis
- turb the surface of the hill, although,
nl1 of course, much rock was loosened in
to the tunnel. iut the sound of the blast
in the tunnel was followed by a peculiar
he muffled detonation front the hill. It
tedwas noticed particularly at the time,
s because the miners feared that some of
)O. the blast had been "slow in going off."
hat But the next day it was found that
ine Mr. Cutter was missing. The clerks in
Sa his office waited vainly for himn to ap
e pear and open the vault, of which he
ed. alone knew the combination. D)aysn
by passed, and he did not come. He never
re-came.
It is still whispered in the town of
lRed Dog that at the next meeting of the
Calaveras County Medical society J)r.
Silex read an elaborate technical ther
ow apeutical and pharnnaceutical paper
d which indicated so dreadful an ending
ed- to Thomas Cutter that men yet speak
He of it with bated breath. It was only a
theory, for there was nothing palpable
to support it upon. There was no tangi
ent ble evidence. There were no remains.
ens Yet Dr. Silex's theory was believed.
blt Whether it was true or false, Thomas
the Cutter was never again seen in the
he flesh, living or dead. He had vanished
- into the void.--San Francisco Argonaut.
be -The Magna Charts was written
on- with ordinary black ink on very heavy
Dr. parchment. It is a curious fact, as
stated by an eminent English histor
nr,' inn, that of all the barons who signedl
lug that most important document, not one
you could write other than his signature,
and only two were able to write even
-ae that.
Bighst o aU in Leavning ? Power - stCSt U. S Gov't 8cpas
RIwder
WTErrLVr~ P1133
Earl Fitzwilliar. is one of EnglanEra
octogenarian noblemen, having beqn
horn on October 13, 1815. He has en
joyed his earldom for 38 years, having
succeeded his father on October 4 1857.
Gen. Duchesne. the French com- i
mander in Madagascar, has served for
40 years and gone through 18S cam
paigns. lie has been once wounded and i
twice named in general orders.
A. B3. Clingman, of Cornwallis, Ont.,
died at the age of OS. At his funeral
was a son 75, another 60, a daughter 68
and a number of grandchildren and
great-grandchildren.
For 73 years Edward Johnson, of
Middletown. Conn., has been a voter.
and he prides himself on the fact that
he has never voted anything but the
democratic ticket.
Sir Thomas longmore, C. B3., who has
Just passed away after a distinguished
military career, was the originator of
the St. John's ambulance classes which
now exist in all parts of the United
Kingdom.
An interesting birthday present
which came to Capt. A. h. WiVlson, of
Waycross, Ga., on his 79th anniversary
last week, was a ten-pound boy baby.
ilis wife made the present while a
dozen or more friends were in the house
presenting their congratulations to the
captain on his birthday.
A census of centenarians recently
taken in France gives 213 persons of
100 years or over, 147 of them women
and 66 men. The oldest was a woman
who had just died at 150, in a village of
the department of Haute Garonne.
Nearly all the centenarians belonged to
the tower-'ate . life.
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
t rightly used. The many, who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best products to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
r Its excellence is due to its presenting
a in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
.1 beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
6 every objectionable substance.
- Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
d gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is main
e. ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if offered.
1 ~"as C ompas•e be bas ic ingha beMe, .eig vp pie br mere thin auzty yeua."'
1
STHEYOUTHS COMPANION
"a2 Times a Year." Subscription, $1.75.
The Volume of The Companion for z896--the 7oth year of its publication - will give weekly entertainment and
instruction in abundance for every member of the family.
SSIx H-Ioliday 700 For all
S INumrbers. Large Pages. ti-e FPanlly. I
Special Souvenitr Numbers, double in The size of The Companion page is Both young and old find in each
size and appropriate to each season, four times that of the leading Maga- week's issue amusement and education
are published at Thanksgiving, Christ- zines. In each Volume nearly 700 in the Serial and Short Stories, in its
mas, New Year's, Washington's Birth- pages are given, profusely illustrated. Editorials, Anecdotes, Health and
day, Easter and Fourth of July. Only $75 a year. Miscellaneous Articles.
More than 2oo Famous Men and Women have contributed to the next Volume of THE COMPANION.
Send for Full I lustrated Prospectus and Sample Copies Free.
5O C.R rARKABIE OFFER I SEN])
50NCt ew Subscribers who will cut out this slip and send it AT O-CE
with name and address, and Sz.75, will receive:
SIEN D FREE - The Youth's Companion every week till January i, s186. % thiS slip with
AIv FREE - Thanksgiving, Christmas, New Year's Double humbers.
PREE-Our Handsome 4-page Calendar (7xzo inches), litho
graphed in nine colors. Retail price, so cents. . ,
FR EE AND TE COMPANION 52 weeks, a full year, to January i, IBg.
THE YOUTH'S COMPANION, o20 Columbus Avenue, Boston, Mass.
Send Check, Post-Office or Express Order, or Registered Letter, at Our Risk.
NO
nothing lost
Scott's Emulsion makes cod-liver oil taking next
thing to a pleasure. You hardly taste it. The stom
ach kcnows nothing about it-it does not trouble you
there. You feel it first in the strength that it brings:
it shows in the color of the cheek, the rounding of the
angles, the smoothing of the wrinkles.
It is cod-liver oil digested for you, slipping as easily
into the blood and losing itself there as rain-drops lose
themselves in the ocean.
What a satisfactory thing this is-to hide the odious
taste of cod-liver oil, evade the tax on the stomach.
take health by surprise.
There is no secret of what it is made of-the fish-fat
taste is lost, but nothing is lost but the taste.
Perhaps your drugqist has a substitute for Scott's Emulsion.
Isn't the standard all others try to equal the best for you to buy?
so cents and s.oo All Druggists
SCOTT &c BOWNE
bsmi4 ., .* Now YorlC
"Ow, boy, I'll ,lve yon a dollar to catch
my canary bird ' "-le's just caught,
ma'am." "-Where-whlere Is the precious
pet " "Black cat up the road's got 'im 1"
Chicago Record.
I couLD not got along without Piso's Cure
for Consumption. I. always cures.-Mas. E.
C. XOULTON, Needham, Mass., Oct. 22, '94.
Lrrr.s Alice heard her father say that
her cousin Jack has the smallpox, and ex
claimed: "Oh, papa, I think it's real mean
of Jack not to send mo any."-Harper's
Round Table.
Hall's Catarrh Cure
Is taken internally. Price 75c
TaE trouble in the world is nearly all due
to the fact that one-half the lpeo|lo are nleu,
and the other half women.--Atchson Globe
Tax true way of softening one's troubles
is to salace those of others.--Mmma de Maain
tenon.
A P1.RFERRED creditor-ono who never
presents his bill.-Texan Siftings.
- -M
RuB A Due aua.
THREE MIAIDSATTHETU.
ALL UarnE CLAIRETTE 8OAA
MILLIONS DO THESAME,
Sold everywhere. Made only by
THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY,
Timely Warning.
The great success of the chocolate preparations of
the house of Walter Baker & Co. (established
in 1780) has led to the placing on the market
many misleading and unscrupulous imitations
of their name, labels, and wrappers. Walter
Baker &t. Co. are the oldest and largest manu
facturers of pure and high-grade Cocoas and
Chocolates on this continent. No chemicals are
used in their manufactures.
Consumers should ask for, and be sure that
they get, the genuine Walter Baker & Co.'s goods.
WALTER BAKER & CO., Limited,
DORCHESTER. MASS.
the OLD reliable,
F CAN'ST TESTED REMEDY
.,agin . Headache, Toothache,
h m at 3s and PAINS generally.
O. W. GUNJER, CLINTOroVIL.. AtA.. saT: "'I have found DUNCAN'S LIA~JIENT
to be the best remedy for pains generally I ever saw."
FOR COLIC IN HORSES and MULES It is a "* DEAD SHOT."
 REBIB WA]ýfPACTR Wt CO.. ProprI.rtr. ARIIVFILLE. TENW.
ffffffHMITITTI.WWMinfnmmf
RiI T_:-E m A f "
POLS_a
t.LSC1 R3 fterdt35t53B5.
Morse Bros.. Props- Canton. Mass.. U.S.A.
THE AERMOTOB CO. does ai the a
windmitll uis becauses it has reeloed thsssl
wind powes to 1 wkat atm Its.s bhssU5
houses. and suppie Its a
,- oa r do.o. t 00a snd de oss
betOer articl sfoe les tmeto
others, it makes Pgteplei sad
o eared. Steet Galisealad.aIisr
Oompetias adlnmdinhlaleh Tolg
anal Fockd steel Towers. Steel OSa a
Frames. MSte Need Cutera , nds.d ee
·..
Grionders. On appicatioLJ t will ame 0n
of these articles that It wall furnis until
January let at 1/3 th. usual p110e. it ease makes
Tanks and Pumps of ala kinds. Send Sfo catalogus.
Factor~: 12th. Rockwell sod Failmore Streets. Chitess.
Tanltl.!3rOcbl RlIS. Smoke
R$ S ks. Stand Pipes, Eta.
Llall ev plattO Iron
BD I LERS orkta ond r ptiaon.
work otcvcriTy dc soript
AFMSTI dT qbeo Ib ~to~~· l
APPLIAIOYa Sba& Co
APPLI  1O
No. et. JekelselSt.. NITaMI'fl15. TEaN.
Men, Women
and Children
Are Poent oat to work. free of charge toemployer or
employed. For help of all kilndls rend to THN
DILREAU OF LAIiOIR AND TRANSPOIRTATION Of Chli
cago, Room 71i, 127 Dearborn at., John Vlahcr. Sec't.
GAYOSO HOTEL --.M
10oo ROoMS; REDUCED TO aOo E IEZ DAY.
DO YOU WANT WORK?
VI: .AN A, ST "YOT.
Si5 to $20 WEEKLY. ,T O.C L w
8. OIRSA. OROTIe9 DiM. Second Street,. St. LoJsn Me.
OPIUM and w abitac LEE*d. ee
A. N. S, F 1580
WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTIRERS PL*AS
* seas tee -eae*w lbo vrsue. emsu to MWY
SP