wi
rr
it
Se
at
1o1
New York Cty. s
Swelig in the Nec 1
Crateful for Permanenit Oure.
"* I cannot praise-Hood's Sarsaparilla enough. c
For twelve years I have been troubled with
sorofula and swelling of the glands in the neck.
I consulted several physicians and took many
medicines. My neck was also operated upon
at the Mount Sinai Hospital, but this did not
give me any permanent improvement. One day
I read in a paper about Hood's Sarsapailla,
and on trying a bottle I found it was doing me
good, so I took two bottles more. The
HOOD'S
Sarsaparilla
CURES
welllng has entirely disappeared, and I am
as healthy an anyone in the city. Anyone who
should see my picture ten years ago and now, >,
would notice marked tmprovement.'" TOAS I
FAABNIKOPF. as Willett St., New York City.
Hood's Pills cure Constipation by restoring a
the peristaltic action of the alimentary canaL
t
HORSES OR MULES ?
t
EMIEMINKTT
CoLI4cI 30? S
Is guaranteed to Cure
In Every Case.
NO DRENCHING-DOSE: ONE TABLESPOONFUL. t
LEAARlED, MISS., Feb. -4, o990.
DEAR SrS:--I do not want to be without a
supply of your Emmett's Colic and Bots Cure as
long as I own an animal subject to the above
ained diseases. Am a farmer, owner and
breeder of horses, cows and bogs. I have used
the Specific in a good number of cases, and in
every instance, found it fully as good as recom- i
mended. There is an increasing demand for it q
here among the farmers. Yours,
. J. McDoCOhLD. I
wUIcE, s$.o a S ome.
I. L. LYONS & CO., Proprietors,
~nrew OrZeas rs Led .
ARE YOU LOOKING
FOR A FIRST-OLAS
t
--OR
IP YOU ARE, SEND TO THE
J. I. CASE T. M. CO.,
For their Illustrated Catalogue,
MAILED FREE.
"German
Syrup"
I mustsay a word as to the ef
ficacy of German Syrup. I have
used it in my family for Bronchitis,
the result of Colds, with most ex
cellent success. I have taken it my
self for Throat Troubles, and have
derived good results therefrom. I
therefore recommend it to my neigh
bors as an excellent remedy in such
cases. James T. Durette, Earlys
ville, Va. Beware of dealers who
offer.you "something just as good."
Always insist on having Boschee's
German Syrup. 0
*hi\ IRON
W n WORKS.
Machinery and Machinery Supplies.
Al ruInE 1O 891. I Write forpete.
SHILO
CURE.
C ores s ,Oumptoi. CoUth5 Croup, fo
Thzot, Sold i DralltDr s Os a Gasesa._
CATAIRRH +
IN OIILODREN
For over two years my little girl's life
was made mlserableby a case of Catarrh.
"The dischatge from the nose was large,
constant and very offensive. Her eyes
became inflamed, the lids swollen and
very painf. ASer trying various reme
diesI gave Fer i The first bot
tle seemed  'iaggravate the
,dise, but the soon abated,
and in a short time sIe was cured.
Da. L B. RITCHEY, Mackey, Ind.
DO WASPS RE'ASON?
msa
Interestin Observations Made by at
a Missourý Gentlan. o
Sal
Does Instine or Intenllgene Make mna. m
seets Skilful In Providence onad 6L
Foreslght-The Oplleon of an
ZFalst Seoentlat.
Mr. Mivart, the great naturalist, in
an article in the Cosmopolitan Maga- o
sine, notes that a certain sand wasp of el
his island, after, she had concealed her rie
nest by covering, was able to return to be
it very directly; but if it were uncov- w
ered for her by some one else, she was
not able to recognize it at all. She a
seemed to have no conception of it by
sight. Apropos of this, a subsequent
observation on our common mud wasp
may not be uninteresting.
Over one of my parlor windows the
slatted blinds are almost constantly otl
closed. Behind these I heard the in
th
gr
al:
T1
TI
bc
us
dustrious hum of one of these creatures, pc
and on opening the left leaf I exposed T]
her to a strong light, which did not s
seem to disconcert her. In a few min- gi
utes she flew away for a new mud ball. tI
nut 4 her return, although her nest i
was stuck against the red sash, in a
strong contrast, in plain sight, she ci
seemed unable to recognize it. She had
been approaching it at a point where hi
the movable slats were tilted downward d,
(when closed); but of course, now that
the blind was open, these all inclined 1
upward. On the pther leaf, however, at
though much lower down, were some a
slats tilted much as the others had been, b4
and through these she made repeated tl
entrances, only to crawl out into the ii
open light some distance from her nest, at
though she always started in the same rn
relative direction that it lay from the as
other slats when in place. She was evi- w
dently much confused and distressed. qi
She would fly out a little further each bi
time, seeming to think that she had not D
made the right approach, sometimes bi
going out from under the porch and re- p,
turning. At last she dropped her pellet fl
and began a crawling investigation, ri
passing often within a few inches of the it
unfinished cell, but appearing to have p.
never seen it. After much of this she p
went away and came no more that even- al
ing, for it was getting dark.
I failed to think of the incident for a c;
few days, and some one closed the blind
in the meantime, so that when I again tl
examined it the single cell was com- d,
pleted and sealed. On breaking it open o
I found within a small greenish-white al
spider, on the side of which was glued o
the single egg. I send you a shadow b
photograph showing, in exact size, the
relative positiofs. Of course, most of n
your readers know that it was the re
mother's provision for the young larva C
when it should hatch out. I might add co
that the spider showed the usual signs ii
of life in a cataleptic state, showing the ti
wonderful instinct that enabled the o
wasp to sting it at just the right point b
and to the proper extent to allow life p
enough to' remain to preserve it for
food, while it was dead to all efforts at
resistance or escape. Mr. Mivart
stresses this contrast between the want r
of intelligence, in being unable to ap
proach its nest by any route but one g
(and exhibiting such a small amount of s
reasoning wower), and the instinct that "
makes it so skillful in its providence a
and foresight. To his mind it argues a
wide breach between intelligence and
instinct.--James Newton Baskett, in F
Scientific American. a
CURIOUS CHERRY TREE.
A Remarkable Freak propagated In a I
Long jlland Orchard.
Many of the farms on the eastern end I
of Long Island have been in cultivation E
for from 150 to 2:0 years. and.as a result, I
one often sees there specimens of. our r
common shrubs and trees to which ago
has given an expression so distinct and
and exhibiting a sorts of picturesque
forms as a result of mutilation and
natural grafting. AgainR the earlier
isettlers planted "youngesprouts" of some of
saourme specimaller growing native cherries and
Sognizrafted sweet cherriesn on ther curioum, and the
ihteresting forms arthe seentock to such as the
oldan extent as to-rows formed a vegetable enor-ak
trees and allowing thone stumpsof a dozen spnilarut
up onlyes aboutto be aga house in Matlopped, until gretuck.-atW.
. diameteracy. in Ar formed ricparallel with the.
a l ine, one or two at rit angles with ite.
"-Iforms asaw a picturesult of Somutlatiomon taynd
and it represes planted "him aprouts" of some ofbd
our"I thought thatgrowing native herries ando
"graftYes, buseet yucherries on th rem, anember that
mi. Whe had segive aviewof oneof-N. Y.these
SPrees, it being oneof a dozen similar
Il onesabout a house in attituck. .
Jonea-Wish you joyc in American Gardeni nr.
and itrepresented him as bg blboy.ld
Bonee-Thanks.l I hear it, N. MaOfc
Ina. noon ~iandonht.-Puck.
Who New selea
The favor with whobhthe new bread,
msade with Royal Baking Powder in- O.
stead of yeast, has been received by
our best housekeepers and most expert
breadmakers, is really wonderful. "It 1
saves all the hard and tedious work of or
knaading and moulding," writes one. C
"Less than an hour from the dry flour an
to the most perfect loaf of bread I ever ml
paw," writes another. "Fresh bread th
every day," says another, "and that a
the lightest, finest and most whole- m'
some, is something to live for." "We rit
relish the bread better than the old F
kind;" "it is ahead of any yeast to
bread I ever baked;" "the bread was st'
whiter and softer." "Best of all,"
writes an enthusiastic housewife;. "we hs
can eat the Royal unfermented bread it
when freshly baked, or even when to
warm, with perfect impunity. It is as
actually an anti-dyspeptic." bi
"This bread has a 'nutty' taste, that on
is peculiarly pleasing," writes still an- tl
other. This is owing to the fact that it
the active gas-producing principle of cc
the Royal is derived from the pure in
grape acid.
The great value of this bread arises to
from the fact that in it are preserved bi
all the most nutritive elements of the to
flour, some of which are decomposed a
and destroyed by the action of yeast. ei
The loss of these properties is what i
makes fresh yeast bread unwholesome. "
The use of the Royal Baking Powder q'
instead of yeast is found to make a h
finer, lighter bread, devoid of all dys- vI
peptic qualities. The same gas-car- o
bonic--is produced as waere yeast is
used, but it is evolved from the baking
powder itself and not from the flour. ii
Thereby the bread is made more whole
some and actually anti-dyspeptic. The
greater convenience where a batch of p
the finest bread can be made and baked ii
in less than an hour with no danger of p
a sour or heavy loaf, must be appre- p
ciated by everyone. h
The receipt for making this bread is t'
herewith given, and housekeepers will t
do well to cut it out and preserve it. a
To make one loaf: One quart flour, s'
1 teaspoonful salt, half a teaspoonful fi
sugar, 2 heaping teaspoonfuls Royal
Baking Powder, half medium-sized cold
boiled potato, and water. Sift together
thoroughly flour, salt, sugar, and bak
ing powder; rub in the potato; add
sufficient water to mix smoothly and
rapidly into a stiff batter, about as soft
as for pound cake; about a pint of
water to a quart of flour will be re
quired-more or less according to the
brand and quality of the flour used.
Do not make a stiff dough, like yeast
bread. Pour the batter into a greased
pan, 434x8 inches, and 4 inches deep,
filling about half full. The loaf will
rise to fill the pan when baked. Bake
in very hot oven 45 minutes, placing
paper over first 15 minutes baking, to
prevent crusting too soon on top. Bake t
at once. Don't mix with milk. I
Perfect success requires the most n
careful observance of all these details. t
The author of the receipt emphasizes c
the statement that Royal Baking Pow- I
der only can be used because it is the
only powder in which the ingredients
are prepared so as to give that continu
ous action necessary to raise the larger i
bread loaf.
To every reader who will write the
result of her bread making from this
receipt to the Royal Baking Powder 1
Co., 106 Wall street, New York, that
company announce that they will send
in return, free, a copy of a most prac- d
tical and useful cook book, containing '
one thousand receipts for all kinds of I
baking, cooking, etc. Mention this
paper.
-All the telephone, girls at Decatur,
IIl, suddenly went on strike one day i
recently, and walked from the office in i
the afternoon, leaving the bells a-jin- 1
gling and subscribers hallooing into
space. They wanted an increase in
wages of from fifteen to twenty dollars
a month. The request was refused, 1
and the manager and superintendent I
had to turn in personally to take their
places, and try to placate the wrathful
public. They had a harrowing- time,
and the service was crippled for a day
or two until new help could be secured.
-The late Samuel E. Adams, of
Richmond, Ind., was fond of telling of
a remarkable coincidence which hap
pened several years ago. During a
severe thunderstorm a canary bird flew
into the house. Within a few minutes
a shivering and badly frightened span
iel was found begging for admission.
The dog was let in. Less than an hour
afterward a child was heard crying on
the outside and the door was opened to
admit a little tot scarcely two years
old. The child, dog and canary were
never claimed. Mr. Adams found a
comfortable home for the little one,
while he continued to care for the dog
and bird.
-The United States navy was almost
annihilated at the close of the revolu
txonar.y war. Of the thirteen frigates
ordered to be built by congress in 1775,.
two had been destroyed on the Hudson
river and three on the Delaware with
out getting to sea. The remaining
eight, together with most of the pur
chased vessels, had been captured by
the British, some at Charleston, some
at Penobscot, and others on the high
seas. The only American ship of the
line ordered by congress and finished,
the Alliance, vwaos presented in 1782 to
the king of France, to supply the place
of a smaller vessel lost in Boston har
bor by an accident.
e -Said a woman recently: "I spent
Sseveral days a short time ago in a little
d towvn in New Jersey not many miles
e from New York. It is just off from the
k railroad, to a station of which, how
ever, a stage goes every day, and it is
very near a large summer hotel, filled
n during the season with boarders. Yet
e in that town I could not buy a single
, New York paper, Sunday or daily, nor
e could I learn of any being taken. I
d found one man who took a weekly edi
r tion of one of the papers, and he stood
Sout as very different from his neigh
d bor. 'But how,' I asked, 'do you know
e what is going on in the world?' and the
h answer I got was, 'We don't care.'"
S -Some fortunate persons have seen
Soccasionally in midsummer a reallyper
r feet mirege on the Delaware coast, be
* tween the breakwater and a little
watering place called Rehoboth, five or
six miles below. Shortly after leaving
Rehoboth by land one seems to see,
Sthree or four hundred yards inland from
the beach, a glassy sea reflecting in its
still waters the hotels at Rehoboth, the
trees to the north beyond and the spires
of Lewes, five miles away. So perfect
is the illusion that persons who know
Sthe place can scarce believe the evi
Sdence of their eyes, as the shore of the
sea appears to be only a few hundred
feet away. It slowly melts at one's
he approacbh, however, until only clear
• puddles appear in the hollows, and
S-these; too vanish as one drnwvs nlarer.
OCHAIN MANUFACTURE.
Oe Trad in I Wheh Maaehleosy mBas lft Ia
saperseded lsueanl SkIll. Lli
=There are comparatively few trades Ch
In wheich machinery has not to a greater 81b
or less extent superseded manual skilL p1
Chain-making. is one of these survivals, De
and in that industry the eunning work- tic
man is.still master of the situation. Al- Fe
though many machine-made chains are' Jo
used, theiy are not equal to the hand- de
made article, the chief point of infe- th
riority being the welding of the link. lei
For this work no device has yet been 'e*
found which will take the place of the as
strong and flexible wrist of a proficient F(
workman. But the work is extremely se
hard and exhausting, and six hours of w,
It constitutes a good average day, even tb
for a robust chainmalcer. The wages m;
are fair, being from 43.50 to 84.00 a day; AI
but comparatively few native Ameri- w,
cans, it is said, are to be found among HI
the members of this craft. The major- j
ity are Englishmen; and in their own i
country they begin to learn the trade, to
in many cases, at seven years of age. It gF
is a singular fact, considering the na- d
ture of the employment, that not only is
boys but girls of that tender age are A.]
taught chain-making and follow it for jj
1 a livelihood, the chains made by wom
en being of the lighter class, with small 0
L links. For the heavier descriptions of o0
work a very high degree of heat is re- p
r quired; and it is the exposure to this
high temperature which tries most se
verely the constitution of even the
most vigorous workman.
AMUSING EXPERIMENT. T
S ow to lass a Large Conl Through a c
Small Circular Hole.
e Trace the exact outline of a ten-cent
f piece on paper and cut the circle, leav
d ing a hole just the size of the silver P
f piece and through which it may be [
,- passed. The experiment is to show
how a large coin may be passed through I
s the small circular hole. To do this, fold h
I the paper by the diameter of the hole- fi
as in figure 2-slip a silver quarter in
side the fold with the right thumb and
I finger, seize the edge which peeps n
l1 ti
r n
1
:e
!b
aa
e through the hole, and with the lef
ticity of the paper, the two semi-cir
a cles lengthen out into a straight line,
Smakng a slit through which a silvert
1e quarter may pass, with room to spare. C
ia The hole may be made the size of it
a- quarter, and a silver dollar passed
r. through in the same manner.-Leslie's
Weekly.
ie THE ATLANTIC'S BED.
is
er Interestlng Facts and Figures Not Gener
at ally Known. I
id Proceeding westward from the Irish
- coast the ocean bed deepens very grad
nally; in fact for the first 230 miles the
of gradient is but 0 feet to the mile. In the
is next 20 miles, however, the fall is over
9,000 feet, and so precipitous is the sud- 1
den descent that in many places depths
r, of 1.200 to 1.600 fathoms arc encoun
Y tered in very close proximity to the 100
n fathom line. With the depth of 1,800
-, to 2,000 fathoms the sea bed in this part 1
to of the Atlantic becomes a slightly un
in dulating plain, whose gradients are so
rs light that they show but little altera
d, tion of depth for 1.200 miles. The ex
at traordinary flatness of these submarine
ir prairies renders the familiar simile of
ul the basin rather inappropriate. The"
e, hollow of the Atlantic is not strictly a
ty basin, whose depth increases regularly
d toward the center; it is rather a saucer
of or dish-like one, so even is the contour
of of its bed.
p- The greatest depth in the Atlantic has
a been found some 100 miles to the
w northward of the island of St. Thomas,
es where soundings of 3.875 fathoms were
n- obtained. The seas round Great Britain
n. can hardly be regarded as forming part
ur of the Atlantic hollow. They are
)n rather a part of the platform banks of
to the European continent which the
rs ocean has overflowed. An elevation of
re the sea bed 100 fathoms would suffice to
a lay bare the greatest part of the North
le, sea and join England to Denmarlk, Ilol
og land, Belgium and France. A deep
channel of water would run down the
st west coast of Norway, and with this
- the majority of the fiords would be con
es nected. A great part of the Bay of
i, Biscay would disappear: but Spain and
on Portugal are but little removed from
h- the Atlantic depression. The 100 fathom
og line approaches very near the west
ir- coast, and soundlings of 1,000 fathoms
by can be made within 20 mniles of Cape St.
ne Vincent, and much greater depths have
gh been sounded at distances but little
he greater than this from the western
d, shores of the Iberian peninsula.-Nau
to tical M1agazine.
Alloeys of Sulver.
A new alloy of silver with cadmium
nt and zinc has been introduced in practice
tie in silver plating in England. This alloy,
lea although more costly than the ordinary
he alloy of silver with copper, is said to
,W- work well and to show greater re
is istance to abrasion and to be less
ed readily tarnished, It is, however,
et cheaper than pure silver, which has
hitherto been alone employed for
ion electroplating purposes.
A New Anmsr etlttie.
di- IM. Henriot and Richet have discov
ered a new anesthetic derived from
h- chloral and glucose, which they call
Schloralos. Its properties are anal
he ogous to those of morphine, but it ap
pears to be less dangerous. Experi
en ment shows that it can be administered
er- in doses of a gramme without disturb
e- inK the digestion or the brain. Half a
tle grain induces a calm. nrofound sleeu.
og TThe only Way.
ee, Smith-My wife has solved the hired.
'am girl problem.
its Jones-She has?
the *"She has. And now we have no more
res trouble."
ect 'Pray tell me the secret. How has
ow your wife solved the problem?"
evi- "She is doing her own house work."
the -N. Y. Prcss.
red
e's The Only Alternatlve.
ear Acquaintance -- So you have deter.
and mined to marry?
rer. Girl of the Period (sadly)--Ys; I see
nothiang e j before m~-a -T'ex UIMga
The May ide Awake
Rae an entertaining description of
life on a lighthouse island in the
China Seas by the U. S. Consul at
Singapore. He calls it "How we
played Robinson Crusoe." Grace
Dean McLeod has a characterie
tie Nova Scotia story-"Petit Pere
Felix," a tale of the invasion of Acadie;
Joseph Hatton tells an exciting inci
dent connected with the coin room of
the British Museum, "The Prince's Di
lemma;" Crawford Capon writes of
"Stamps and Stamp Collecting;" Annie 4
Sawyer Downs tells how the "Young
Folks at the Eddy" dealt with the
servant-girl problem; Penelope Palmer
writes of the wonderful Welsh boy in
the Pennsylvania mines who made
marvelous "Underground Music;" Mrs.
Muller has a paper on the dolls of the
world; bright short stories; Hugh S.
Hart contributes to Wide Awake Athkit- le
ices, "Golf: the Coming Game;" the poet- ac
ry of the number is from Celia Thax
ter, Marion Ames Taggart, Sallie Mar- tt
garet O'Malley, and Price Collier. A la
delightful account of a delightful boy re
is Louise Imogen Guiney's sketch of
"Hartley Coleridge, Ten Years Old," it
illustrated by Wilkie's portrait. 90
Price 20 cents a number, $2.40 a year. b
On sale at news stands or sent postpaid, al
on receipt of price, by D. Lothrop Com- d
pany, Publishers. Boston.
STATE or OHxo, CIrT or TOLnDO, L,. 1
LucAs COUNTY.
FRaNK J. CaraNE makes oath at he is P
the senior partner of the irm of F. J. Cas- n
vEY & Co., doing business in the City of a
Toledo, County and State aforesaid, and
that said Arm will paythe sum of O.s urx
DaRnED DOLLARS for each and every case of
CATABaRR that cannot be cured by the use of g
HALL'S CATARRIn CURE. u
FRANK J. C(nrKEY.
Sworn to before me and subscribed in my
presence, this6th day of December,A.D. 1S.t P
A. W. GLEASON, a
[Iýj NVotary Public. a
Hall's Catarrh Cure is taken internally and
acts directly on the blood and mucous sur
faces of the system. Send for test.tmon;als,
free. F. J. CRSiEY & Co., Toledo, O.
Lg'Sold by Druggists, 75c.
Tna people who follow the fashion most
religiously generally look as if they were
trying to get ahead of it.--Somervilie Jour
nal.
It Is a Horrid Nuisance
To be nervous. Starting at the slightest
sound, uneasiness by day and fitful slumber
by night, unreasonable apprehensions, odd
sensations, constant restlessness-these are
among its diabolical symptoms. Dyspepsia
is the fountain head. Remove this with
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, and the food
is assimilated, the body nourished, the sleep
grows tranquil, nervousness vamoses. The
Bitters subdues malaria, constipation, liver
complaint and kidney affections.
ALL the world's a stage, but to anyone
who has ever witnessed an amateur theatri
cal performance the fact is apparent that
all men and women are not actors.
IT is a great thing for a young man to get
out a little and come in contact with other
people and see how they live. B. F. Johnson
& Co., Richmond, Va., are giving many
young men a chance to do this, and at the
same time to put money in bank rapidly.
Try them and see.
Tna poet who wrote of the frowning pree
ipice had evidently ueen studying the brow
of the hilL-Cleveland Plaindealer.
DaorsY is a dread disease, but it has lost
its terrors to those who know that H. H.
Green & Sons, the Dropsy Specialists of
Atlanta, Georgia, treat it with such great
sucedss. Write them for pamphlet giving
full information.
HE WAs FoRavEN.- She-- "You forget
yourself; sir." He-"How could I think of
myself in your presence l"-Yankee Blade.
B. F. AJ.LES Co., 365 Canal St., NewYork,
are sole agents in the United States for
Beecham's Pills. 25 cents a box.
THERE is this to say in favor of the people
who 3nake spring poems-there is more
truth than poetry in them.-lnter Ocean.
THE Public Awards the Palm to Hale's
Honey of Horehounnd and Tar for coughs.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
THE person who especially "points with
pride" is the girl with the new engagement
ring on her flnger.-Yonkers statesman.
Ir time were money, the tramp would be
rolling in wealth.-Texus Siftings.
DON'T LISTEN
to the dealer who is bent
on bigger profits. The
thing that he wants you to
buy, when you qsk for Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescrip
tion, isn't "just as good."
Proof of this is easy. The
only guaranteed remedy
for the ailments of women
hood is the "Favorite Pre
scription." If it ever fails
to benefit or cure, in mak
ing weak women strong
or suffering women well,
pI eu have your money
Anything "Just as good," or as sure to
bring help, could be, and would be, sold in
just that way.
This guaranteed medicine is an invigora
i ting, restorative tonic, especially adapted to
woman's needs and perfectly harmless in any
condition of her system.
It builds up, strengthens, regulates, and
cures.
For periodical pains, bearing-down sensa
Stions, ulceration, inflammation-every thing
sthat's known as a " female complaint," it's a
Sremedy that's safe, certain, and proved.
Two Stepping Stones
Sto consumption are ailments we
often deem trivial-a cold and
S acough. Consumption thusac
e quired is rightly termed "Con
n sumption from neglect."
Scott's Emulsion
not only stops a cold but it is re
markably successful where the
Scough has become deep seated.
Scott's Emulsion is the
richest of fat-foods yet
I the easiest fat-food to
r take. It arrests waste
and btuizds up ~k~ealthy
lesh.i
Prepared by Boott & ewn., N. Y. All drnggltss.
97 SECOND STREET, - - ~EXPHIS, TENN.
Ely's Cream Baim
: CATARRH
LEMOE SUSALESMEN
o, W 5 oel . -t a nOu me mu is ST. LOG
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
adapting the world's best pprducts to
the needs of physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative principles embraced in the
remedy, Syrup of Figs.
Its excellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
s profession, because it acts on the Kid
Snes, Liver and Bowels without weak
Sening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
S Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
I gistsin 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
Co. only, whose name is printed on every
. package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, you will not
accept any substitute if ofilred.
What one Grote says:
, -,- I hire clerks who can sell the goods
' that I tell then o sell-afd of course
, I tell them to sell the goods on which I
make the most money. If they
can't do it, I won't have them.
That's whit I hire them for."
This is an actual fact related
/ by a grocer to our salesman
-and it's a common fact;
we have it daily. So, you
see, when they tell you that
some worthless or dangerous
washing-powder--is "' the same
as" or "as gp¢l as" Pearline,
that's because it pays a larger profit. Too largc, altogether,
if clerks can be hired on purpose to make peppletake things
they don't want and know nothing of, instead qa tried and
proved article like Pearline. If your grocer s ds you what
you do not order, be honest-send it back. - an
THEQLDEN RULE
11 Manmma uses
Clairette Soap -
"For Clothes '9
r CoarId br ng6rn
'to Do o. 011a a
Doe5 ro yoe '
C51tRlIANK aS c Co. 5tLo1il,
DO YOU CHEW TOBACCO P
•Y'7 WXM;-- - OY
HORSESHOE PtUG.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE ,CAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIO SHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
Unlike the Dutch Process
No Alkalies
Other Chemicals
are used in the
preparation of
W. BAKER & CO.'S
reakfastCocoa
.ehieh 4s absetlutel
pure and otlrble.
It has morethan three ttMres
the strength of Cocoa mixed
S with Starch, Arrowroot or
Sugar, and is far more eco
nomical, coating les than oneo cnt a cup.
It is delicious nourishing, and xALT
DIGESTED. _
Sold by Grocer. errywhere.
W. BAKER & CO.. DoroheotemrMa
CHIOKEN-HATOlINS BY STEAM.
E e e. G eQm i
for 10 months atacost of tess
than 1 cent per doe,. Pt
away for winter's use or sale
Lou oOn doublo your n~ oae
EtOMPTAI ieY, ugt*o 1j.L.
ir n icomsumrn O 51
W. L. DOUCLAS
S3 SHOE cJPhh.
Do you wear thes? WIWet ised try a pIr, they
will giveyou more cithalie _ fe_ the mey
am. y ,ther malS*. *oot inw wornd.
*53.5 S* ,$S
$2.50
02.00 4#1.
FOR
W. L. Doglas Shoes are m ie la all the
Latest Styles.
If you want a fine DRESS SHOE dolt pay $6 to $e4
try my $3.50, $4 or$5 Shoe. They will t equal to cus
tom made and ioolLand wear as we4 If you wish to
economize in your footwear, you ct dose by purchaslig
W. L. Douglas Shoes. My name aud price is stamped
on the bottom, look for It when you buy. Take no sub..
stitute. I send shoes by mailijpon receipt of price,
postage free, when Shoe Dlim cannot supply you.
W. L.. DOUOLAS,. reeooclon."'Ms.
LADY AGENTS WANTED o . to".
Pleasure and Proat."1 Dedicated by permfialon to
Mrs. Potter Palmer.xiy i'zrmoei t, ofWorld
Fair Commlttee. Sect book t deOOi ratf anm
slfancy work over publishl. tavd als a. Quite
now. DANKS & CO.. 534 Dearborn St.. Chicalgo. il.
•r- aau a waan'la mmel. A
.m; m l e Ts tfree.
vn.. td.: ciOe
UR O Hae
ecd may thb
e hud ea'cu pi
tetad eho1elem. romm frtdose uee'" invt epidth rdmped.
MUS~:~o~T N, hidAVE8,s,ll.n.r.e,...
ne e er imenial ofat miehculous c.' l es snptea ea
.'-eRE*i3A. l iar r S. H ..
p utrp F .bs No g.
0.lv. m 1'. T a Rr . D . i, Iept.
McVfleerraz T'hentor. 4lhlcm.e
MUST HAVE sa ti.kDPa ONDLIOIfsmlo
forlc.Stanp. Immense. IUnrlalted. Only good
oneeverinvented. flat, werihts. sales unpat5lrl5q
a/1 " Da. W1R-lteoicrk. Brothad R1S). Co.. PHUOs
W5YaM 2181 PANZRO, , a. ,itmse .
'i POINTSý formadna p`ELLS, 1(L0 0 Ope
w7an d l ersa.1Inr PUMPS ·soolTS
WANTED. eLRAStY' & BAIlY aren. CO., sa IOtiCITI.
WMAZ 2318 ~IPERImp ot psudts
WIs aI' S 5a tiye sw ms
WILL 4DE ¶fAT r;II W,, FLAGS
WANTED CONFI)ItATE STAMPS On Org-tnmt5
Envelopese. I. 3. COWHBE. CharlueuO O. .
QUIIAK2TB1 L1 · Irq yp slo raats
OPIUM rpinHabitt 1 Cured I' 10
DR. J. STEPEN, Lebaucan, Ohio.
75.00 to I$35 n -Can be mad. -month,
,OHNSON A CO.. 282.4-- Mian 8t.1 BLAhmonLM
mur~UT TllY~r m, rasa. ly
Piso's Remedy for Catsrrh is the
Best, Easiest to Use, and Cheapest.
8ld by druggists or sont by mail,
oIe B. T.Hazeltine. Warren. Pa.
A. N. K., F. 1444
WU=N WaRITIN TO A1VERTIUSIR .I.ASOU
ate.o tise$ reu s baw Advqy68 hi It
3rub