i most as famous
e into the Artic
SWellman.
to Hpd Botolfsen?
d iverers are con
i~ the name of a new
at-Patterson by W. B.
- teriof ability. The
a neatly printed, well edited
wasyj and the people of Patter
Y.ave reason to be proud of their
paper.
arc people, and there are
- ut the infamous cur who
to -mar the happiness of mar
-by a systematic practice of
and tale bearing should be
Sso deep that the sun could
again shine upon him--or her.
tterson Optic.
Is- t not passing strange that every
idcal convention held in this
coatry condemns in bitterest terms
S-ie ursts and monopolies and every
:"r: lre " newspaper pretends to side
withi the dear people, and still the
"soulless monsters" seem to run
things to suit themselv-s
Now that Madeline Pollard has
-'i*-cided to go on the stage the good
w:ives will hardly permit their bald
beaded husbands to go to the theatre
unattended by chaperons. In case
Col. Breck is sent back to Congress
would it not be wise on the part of
his constituents to send a reliable
chaperon to look after their repre
representative.
The unanimity with which the
State press is applauding the convic
S-tion of the New Orleans boodler
and the fearless manner in which
it has denounced -the crime of bri
bery, shows a healthier public sen
timent in Louisiana. With very
few exceptions the counts y papers
are backing their big brothers of
the city in the present fight against
dishonest officials.
The Gazette is informedl that Mr.
Chevis has withdrawn from the
editorial management of the Baton
R-ouge Advocate and will move to
his former home in Rayne where he
wiin take charge of the Ranger. Mr.
Cunningham, the present editor of
the Ranger, will retire from the
newspaper business afad will study
medicine.
R. N. Sims, chairman of the
D'emocratic Executive committee
:of the Third congressional District
has called a meeting of that body
at New Iberia on Saturday, Sept.
8, 1894, at Is o'clock for the pur
pose of fixing the time and place
tor the holding of the next nomina
ting convention. The member of
the committee from this parish is
Mr. P. L. DeClouet.
The Monroe News says: '-Jus
tice is not slow in Uniun parish.
It was only a few weeks since when
Joseph Platt was shot down and
killed near Madison, Five men
were arrested, put on trial last
Wednesday, found guilty Saturday
night, sentenced yesterday and by
tonight they will be behind the
walls of the Baton Rouge peniten
tiary." Union has set an example
that her sister parishes will do well
to emulate.
rA perfect town, says an. level ex
change, is that in which you see
.the farmers patronize the- home
- merchants, the merchants advertise
n the local newspapers, the laborers
spend the money they earn with
eiown tradesmen, and all ani
mated by a spirit that they will
.-purchase at home. The spirit of
:reciprocity between business men
_anud laborers, farmers and manu
}iScturers, results every time in
Saking the town a satisfactory one
iL -Ido business in.
T. he Louisiana congressmen will
heelected next November under the
on law recently passed by the
tre. The new law does
Swith returning offcers, and
spervisors An ench parish are
ted te take charge of
toos. They appoint the
ea tabulate the vote and
be t$ the Secretary of the
rvis rs are
ne by the
mpolice jury
Ir of court
itiae.at
any to,
debut'
side, for' patriotism and t ty
are antagonistic and incompatible
sentiments.
Taxes ought not to be *uid, in
any shape whatever, beyond what
is needed to defray the expenses of
an economical. admtinis satioan of
government and to_ place the cranin
try in a state of defense .that will
command the respect of foreign
nations.
It is better and safer to leave
their money with the people than
to take it and hoard in the treasury,
for it is always time to get it when
it is needed for the public good.
It is preferable to have a rich
people and a poor government,
than to have a rich government,
and a poor people.
Thomas H. Benton said that
protection by the government of the
Unite States, made the North rich
and the South poor, and this is true,
because protective legislation can
not make one class of people rich,
without, at the same time, make
another class poorer in proportion;
because the government has no
money to give except what it gets
from the mass of taxpayers.
The essential characteristic of a
free man is that independence which
results from a reliance upon his own
resources and labor, and his inde
pendence weakens as he suffers him
self to depend on another to supply
his wants; likewise with a free peo
ple, whenever they seek and crave
the patronage or protection of
Government to enrich themselves,
they lose in proportion that charac
teristic independence, which distin
guishes a citizen from the subject.
When priests and preachers, in
this land of unlimited liberty
of conscience, forsake their
calling to go into politics, they gen
erally turn ignorant statesmen and
broilers of the peace of the country,
by sapping with the infernal doctrine
of intolerance, that fraternal feel-
ing,whichaccording to philosophy as
well as christianity, is the corner
stone of human felicity.
B. 0. Flower's paper on "*Early Environ
ment in Home Life" in the September Aresna
is a plea for a larger measure of common
sense and justice being exerci.ed toward
young folks growing into maturity by
parents and guardians in regard to the
proper.functions of their bodies, and the
relations of the sexes. It also shows the
destiny-shaping force of the moral ideas in
the atmosphere in a child's early years, and
loving care and intelligent sympathetic home
surroundings and education can overcome or
mitigate even bad hereditary tendencies.
Beauty and truth, high ideals and example
and candor about all those physicial facts of
life so freighted with moral perils is MIr.
Flower's ideal, of education for children.
He believes parents do not feel their respon
sibilities enough; they think the whole of
education is school books and the Sunday
school. The greatest influences of all are in
the daily lives and thoughts of the parents.
All kinds of job work neatly done
at this office.
On the 9th instant there will be
an excursion from Thibodaux to St.
Martinville where elaborate prepar
ations are being made to extend a
most hospitable reception to the
excursionists. People from this
place who wish to visit St. Martin
ville on that day can go to New
Iberia on the early train and then
take the excursion train, returning to
the latter place in time to board
the night train for this town.
Hon. Thos. S. Adams, Secretary
of State, is prominently mentioned
as a candidate for Congress in the
sixth district. There is not a public
man in Louisiana for whom The
Gazette entertains a higher regard
than the present secretary of State,
and should the voters of the Sixth
district elect him as their represen
tative at Washington, they will have
a Congressman who is a sintcere
friend of the masses, and one who
has the ability and honesty to make
a good representative.
Police Jury Proceedings.
LAFAYETTE., LA., August 27, 1894.
The Police Jury met this day in regular
session with the following members present:
C. C. Brown, Alfred liebert, fI. M. Durke,
R. C. Landry, A. I). Landry and A. A.
Delhomme. Absent: J. G. St. Julien, and
Ford loffpauir.
The President being absent the clerk
called the meeting to order and by motion
duly made, Mr. C. C. Brown was elected
president pro ternm.
The minutes of the previous meeting were
read and approved.
The Jury of freeholders appointed to trace
a public road from Lessin I)ugas' place to
the town of Carencro made the following
report which was accepted.
State of Luiatna, Parish of Lafayctte.
We, Loits G. Stelly, Alcee Broussard,
Clenmile Cor-mier, Victor Couvillon, Ursin
Babineaux and V. E. Dlpris, do solemnly
swear that I will lay out the road now
directed to be laid out by the Police Jury of
the parish of Lafayette, .to the greatest care
and advantage of thie inhabitants and with
as little prejudi to enclosures as may be
without favr or afection, malice or hatred
aad to the best ofn my skill and abilities. So
help mae GCiad.. And furthermore that I will
truly aaass all damages to proprietorseanssed
by-said--e. to the best of my jtud cet and
sderVhtou on,;
of of y appoi
a: fro--,Lemiti
Spropnin-etors- to-wit:
Savoie and PilOas Richard,
uen . Crobb. Alphonse Sineat, Sos
thene Prejean, Caliste Comeux, Telismare
Lomeatx manor, Joseph Mailancon, Adelina
Prejean, Ophelia Broussard, Ernest Brous
sard, Louis G. Stelly, Arcade Cormier
(minor,) Ervllien Cormier, Aristide Cormier,
Onesime Cormler, Clemile Cormier, Mme.
Telismare Comema,, V. E. Dupuis. Ita
Estilette, 1wife; Tributary road, through
lands ·a Ursin Botinnx, O. P. Breaux,
and A. inegal aid others, through the
land of A Sinegal to public road leading to
the town o@ Carenero, having been notified
ofounr appointment and of the time and
place of meeting by the person first named
In said order of appointment, and having
severally taken and subscribed the foregoing
oath and having given notice to each and
every one of the aforesaid proprietors in
writing at least three days previous of the
time and place of meeting, and of the in
tended laying out ofsaid road through the
lands of skid proprietors which notices were
duly served on said proprietors, did meet
on the 1gth day of May, 1894, at Lessin
Dugs in the parish of Lafayette, the place
d ted in said notices, and did then and
there in the presence of the following named
proprietors, to wit: Alphonse Senegal,
Adelina Prejean, Joseph Melancon, Caliste
Comeaux, Clemile Cormier, L. G. Stelly,
Ursin Babineaux, Filosie Richard, proceed
to trace and lay out said public road as follows:
Beginning at Bayou Vermilion and running
through the rands of Ermogene Savoie and
Filosie Richard the latter 3o feet wide
through the entire length of his land and E.
Savoie to feet for a distance of about 28
arpe nts taking a strip ten feet wide off of the
land of ea:h one along their common boun
dary line which boundary was mutually
agreed upon and shown us by paid proprietors
and by them designated to us, by setting
stakes and plowing furrows so as to be easily
visible and recognizable and thence through
the lands of A. Sinegal reservation on land
of Eugene L. Crobb, Sosthene Prejean,
Alphonse Sinegal, Caliste Comenaux, Tells
mare Comcau (minor), Sosthene Pre
jean, Joseph Melancon, Adelina Prejean,
Ophelia Broussard, Ernest Broussard, L. G.
Stelly, Ophelia Broussard, Arcade Cormier,
Ervillien Cormier, Clemile Cormier, One
zime Cormier, Mrs. T. Comeaux, V. E. Du
puis Cemile, and V- E. Dupuis, and Its
Estilette wife, Tributary roads: A. P.
Breaux, Alphonse Sinegal and Ursin Babi
neaux, and the other through the land of A.
Sinegal, the termination of said road which
is forty feet wide throughout its entire
length and so traced and staked out as to be
plainly visible throughout its entire course;
and we have cause to bs made a plat of said
road, showing the location and cause of
said road and the location of the lands of
the different proprietors, through which
said road runs and the distance and quantity
of land expropriated from each owner for
said road which plat is annexed to this our
report of said. road for reference and we
further report that we as a Jury of free
holders did on our oaths aforesaid assess the
following damages to proprietors in compen
sation for their land so taken and expropriated
for said road as. follows to-wit: To Sos
tht ne Prejean, valued at $5 an arpent and
to the other proprietors no damages were
assess:d as in our opinion the benefit of said
road, fully compensates the value of the
land taken.
D)one at the Parish of lafayette, this g19th
day of May, 1894. Louis G. Stclly, Alcee
Broussard, Clemile Corruier, Victor Couvil
lon, Ursin Boi)ineaux V. E. I)upuis.
ENi)ORSF.M.tNT OF C)ONSFKN
1, one of the proprietors named in the
written rep lrt do hereby consent to the lo.a
tion and direction of the road as described
in the written report and accompanying plat,
and hereby agree to accept the auloant of
damages allowed me by said Jury of free
holders as by the written report set forth in
full compensation of all damages by me
sustained by reason of the expropriation of
my land, for the use of said road. Signed
and dated, this lday of 189 . Caliste
Comeauc, . Tanas ComcaLrx, tutor of
T. Comeaux, Ermogene Savoir,
Alphonse uinegal, Adelma lrejean, Ermillien
Cormier, l.ouis G. Stelly, Aristide Cormier,
Clemile Cornier, Ursin liabineaux, Ophelia
Broussard Elzina Comeaux, Ernest Broussard,
O. P. Breaux, V. E. I)upuis, Romnain Fran
cez, agt. Witnesses, O. P. Guilbeau, S.
I)ugas.
By motion the above mentioned road was
declared a public highway the road overseer
ordered to open and work the same. The
sum of $5 was appropriated and set aside for
expropriation of Ipnd therein made.
The report of the Jury of freeholders ap
pointed to trace a road from Duson to Thos.
W. Floyd's place was laid over.
The drainage committee of the 5th district
asking f°r instruction relative to the refusal of
Nelson Bernard to allow the digging of a cer
tain drain across his property; it was resolved
that said drainage committee be instructed to
call upon Nelson Bernard in a body and make
formal demand upon him in the premises and
in case of his final refusal to notify him, the
said Nelson Bernard, `that the Police Jury will
hold him to accountability for all damages
actual and exemplary.
Assessor N. Reaux submitted the following
statement:
To the /ion President and Afembers of the
Police Jury of ILafayette Parisk.
This is to certify that the valuation of
properties for the year :894 are for the parish
of Lafayette.......................... 1,655,790
The Corporation...................... 434,466
$ 2,o90o,255
Aug 27, 1894. N. REAUX.
Assessor Lafayette Parish.
On motion the rate of Parish taxation for
the year a894 was fixed at ten mills on the
dollar in accordance with the items of the
Budget and the above amount as a basis as
follows:
Mills
Officers fund.. ..............................
Bridges and Roads.............. ......... 4
Criminal Fund .... ... ........ .........3
Public Schools...................... '
Contingent fund............ ...............3
The contract for painting Pin Hook bridge
was awarded to Sigismund Bernard for $74.
upon condition that two coats of paint be ap
plied in accordance with the terms of his
proposition.
Bids for the construction of a new bhidge
over Vermilion river at Creighton's place
were received as follows:
R. Zennott ...:......................... . $ 62o oo
Fred Mouton............................ 687 I3
E. Hi. Vordlenbaumen .......... ...893 o0
After examination of the various plans and
specifications submitted with the above bids,
and considering the supersority and general
advantages of Mr. Fred Mouton's proposition
the Jury, by motion duly made, awarded the
Scontract to him at $687.13 providing how
ever that *he flooring for said bridge shall be
a2 inches thick instead of a inches as per
plan. Messrs. R. C. Landry and H. M.
ilurke were appointed a committee to super
vise the construction of said bridge and ac
ept saime when completed, according to
plan and specifications submitted.
Agreeable to a petition from citizens
of the 4th ward it was re
solved that Hilaire Broussard, Theo
O Broussaurd, Sr., Adrien Theall, Joseph
Mire, AiagumteVerrot A D Verrot,be and are
Ia y B preP Pod a jury of freeholders to
Strace andlayot-iubliec road forty feet wide
I acEcording to law, from Edmond Trahan's
I place to Olidoni Broussard's:
Provided that no expense incur to the parish
Sin the expropriatgg of lands, te.
. The sum of iou .wais allowed Mr. .
ILtibdr ~qforsdcout-ef 4edil.f4.A~Lr'1t
DR.
July 30, to ba. on hand as per Atate
ment......._........ .....................$1,536 43
July 30, cash from A Delhomme on
road..,.. ..................... ... so 00
Aug so. cash tax collector,taxes col
lectedin July ....................... 336 73
Aug so, cast tax collector, licenses
collected in. July................. _ oo 00
$1,9g3 .s6
CR.. -
Aug so, by 5 c. c ornm
collector os taxes....... 16 33
Aug so, 5c. comtax collec
tor on licenses..-....... 5 co00
Aug 25, cash paid on ap
proved orders ............. 897 6o
$ 918 93
Aug 27, 7894, to balance on hand....0$,o64 23
Respectfully submitted, WM. CLiEOG,
Lafayette, Aug 27 1894. Parish Treasurer.
The following account w as laid over:
A. Gladu, coroner's fees ................... $ 37 00
The following accounts were approved:
H. Billaud, feeding prisoners............ $ 97 30
Alfred Bonnet, repairs of
clerk's office....... ........................ 26 25
Theo. O Broussard, hauling lumber 1o o0
A. Cheffer, lumber........................... 12o 62
A. Judice, nails.............................. 4 00
Jules Dutel, Guarding body of
B. J. Pope ................................... 150
There being no further business the Police
Jury adjourned.
C. C. BROWN, President pro tem.
R. C. Gtinl. Secretary.
Demand Of Administration
STATE OF LOUISIANA, PARISH OF
LAFAYETTE, 17th JUDICIAL DISTRICT
COURT.
Whereas Marie Arceneaux, wife of Fran
cois P. Pitre, and Francois P. Pitre, of the
Parish of St. Landry, La., have filed in said
court a petition praying to be appointed
joint administrators of the succession of Marie
Alzina Richard, deceased, wife of Pierre
Emile Arceneaux.
Any person intending to'.make opposition
to said appointment will file the same in said
Court within Ten days from the publication
of this notice, otherwise said appointment
will be made.
Given under my official signature, in the
town of Lafayette, La., this ad day of Aug.,
A. D. 1894.
W. B. BAILEY,
Clerk of Court.
Tableau.
STATE OF LOUISIANA PARISH OF
LAFAYETTE.
SEVENTEENTH JUDICIAL DISTRICT COURT
SUCCESSION NO. 2015.
Whereas Geo. E. Brown, of the Parish of
Lafayette, natural tutor and ex-officio admin
istrator of the succession of Marie Genevieve
Millaudon, has filed in said court a tableau
of said succession with a petition praying
that the same be advertised according to law
and then duly homologated.
And whereas, the prayer of said natural
tutor, and ex-officio administrator has been
granted by an order of said court dated
August 13, 1894.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given to
all parties interested, to file their opposition,
and show cause, if any they have, in said
court within ten days from the publication
of this notice, why the aforesaid final tableau
should not be hom:ologated.
Given under my hand and seal, officially,
this 13th day of August, A. D. 1894.
V. BI. BAILEY, Clerk of Court.
SHERIFF'S SALE.
No 3851
ErTHIENNE COD' Vs. FRANCIS IIEnERT.
17th Judicial District Court,-Parish of La
fayette, La.
Notice is hereby given that by virtue of a
writ of fiera facias, issued from the 17th
Judicial District Court in the above entitled
and numbered suit, and to me directed, I
have seized and will offer for sale at public
auction, to the last and highest bidder at the
principal front door of the court house at
Lafayette, La,.
Saturday, September 15, 1894
between legal sale hours, the following des
cribed property, to-wit:
All the rights, titles, interests, claims
and demands of Francis Hebert as
surviving husband, in and to the property
inventored in the succession of his deceased
wife Cecile Mouton, and which interests,
titles, rights' claims and demandlare one un
divided half of all the property composing
said succession, and which is described in
inventory of succession of Cecile Mouton,
No. 1919, District Court, (Probate Docket)
Lafayette Parish, La., as follows:
Lot No. I-One certain tract of Pairie land,
situated in the parish of Lafayette, containing
Forty Six and 501o0roo superficial arpents,
bounded North by land of Dupre Broussard
South by land of Prosper Broussard, East by
land of Mrs. Elysie Broussard and West by
land of Victor Gros de Perodille, together
with all the buildings and improvements
therein.
, Lot No. --One certain tract ofwood land
situated in the parish of Lafayette, having
one arpent front by nine arpents in depths,
bounded North by land of Emilie D Brous
sard, wife of Perodile, South by land of the
succession of Narcise Moutoil or assigns.
Lot 3-One wagon, one creole horse, two
mares, one armoir, one table and six chairs
one clock, table kitchen utensils.
I A BROUSSARD, Sheriff
Application for Pardon.
LAFAYETTE, LA., August 21, 194.
I am applying for the pardon of my son,
Willie Taylor, convicted of manslaughter in
Lafayette Parish. -
MRS. LIZZIE TAYLOR.
Cord Wood for Sale.
Mostly Ash. Will deliver anywhere in or
about town. Apply at the store of
MOUTON BROS.
Strayed.
There came in my yard a Poland-China
hog about 1 year old. Owner will please
come and identify same and pay cost.
J. REVILLON.
IMPROVE YOUR STOCK
AT STUD.
The Thoroughbred Holstein Bull,
COL. BRECKENRIDGE.
Fee, $3.00oo
Pure Bred Jersey Bull,
S BEECHER.
Fee, $2. 0o.
When to cows.are sent one taken
fre. - F. F.- MYI;ES,
tr nto the©jIgb1clicool. a
made'known upon application.
ood 8eroe. Proay inpt Reurns.
Col umbiac _ -
h Pla Rice M ill,
-NEW YORK.
The undersigned call the atten
tion of planters and factors to the
above mill which is among the
largest in the United States. It is
equipped with the latest ahd best
machinery for the milling of Rice,
and secures out-turns equalled by
few and excelled by none.
EW WALL TREET NEORK.W YORK
tion of planters and ot eolrs to the
€entlemen. L~adlce BoJy
aboved millwhichise re t the
largest i the Worls. It id.
fee descriptive advertise.
eequippedt whch apeCandl the
machinery for the milling of Rice,.
Taem Uuletltatm
and secures out-turnst Wequalled by
few and excelled by none.
withConsignme name and correspon
dece solicited. n botto old
Leo Doucet.
EVIERYBODY
Knows .' methiA of Photer speela nowadys
u it ha beome nd enabtleme un, every bIuoh
OF INDUSTRY ,ma
ART.
WHY DON'T YOU BUY
SCmera, and learn o take Pictres? Yen will
ld it oeuof ie entSee descriptive advertu e.sis.l
we wll take as m .oh lmento i tappearhiu this
HOW TO U3E
ar .50 \Vato't imo a. as a $2'!,l totlt, froo of
oh as ttee.
If.u not nisonfu a D-ar )nollm of yov r oL.
EVERYBODY
ritn hasbherom Sndesabei erver Fiatry
OR INDUSTRY ageo
Lpd itoneof theeasinst opri s tto neanr ad
Mouton Bros.
GZfR OF f LL 8fiL.Y.
4nw e will take an .." ple. e Is teuhig yo
Vor S-Ie by sai Druglste.
HORW ES I CHIUAZO 7a AL
I m itddle Were and Bu-lnees
aLOW Pto ame a. aorses a $200 on Wee ly.
RUSSIAN LINIMENT
The bnot oltme or R mmoonofyourowntm
Lwe wme ll do yoLir mbs d nr, eae.
J es. oepr Sale b rall IDts ugomto
MT, CARMEL CONVENT,
LAFAYETTE, LA..
The system of Eucation includes thBros.
French and English languages, Music and
allkindsof needle-work. Every attention
will be given to the health and cos.forto
Cathose plaed under the are o the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior. 1-24
4''
1 A A
1 M..
Soa4 ý-nAAWfl & 1 -`DOU FET Lafayette; JlLES PETETINý, Sunset; E. V. EMjl Graft.'..
SA :"t . au; e E MICAUD, Uaren~.re
.tiý _a'ýý:Gý __ý . 1Lai~a4.'_.-3._f_^ #'ý ýý!wýý ý..' "".it q iý .f.,- ;.. .ý
"t$ 'ý ;ý tý w- ;;ýa.;:-;ý : ýýý ,ý ', ý:`,<. " '::T'ae~:- "j -:'.ý'"'ý _ `te '.F?
Has just bought, for cash, at low prices, an iamense stock of
DRY GOODs, OLOTHING,
BOOTS, SHOES AND HATS,
HARDWARE, FPURNITUiRE,
TINWARE, GROCKERY, 'ET.,
To which he Invites the attention
of intending buyers, promising to
give as cheap, if not cheaper
prices, . than found elsewhere
FELIX DEMANADE,
The Up to Date Merchant
SELLS HEAP`
Groceries
Liquors
Crockery
Willoware -
and 8 c
Fancy
goods
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LOUISIANA
Acadia College.
First-Class Throughout.
Trained Teachers, Pallatial Buildings.
Healthful I.ocation.
Special Advantages to French IB)ys and
Girls in Learning English.
IHomelike Boarding I)epartment.
Cheap as the Cheapest; Good as the best.
Open to Girls and Boys alike.
If you are going off to School, D)on't fail
to Write, or visit, first of all,
J. T. 3ARREFT, P'resi lent.
6-30 4nx Crowlev, L.ouisiana.
Cheap Store!
LOUIS NOLLIVE,
Watchlmaker, Jcweler,
AND OPTICIAN.
Gold Medal awarded at ES.xn:oition o
IS7S. Repairing of fine watche.ia specialty
All work cheap anI guaranteed.
Lr.fayctte, La.
rIt"O/josi/e -lluonr Sall"r' S/ore.
FASHION'S FANCY
Has been fully considered in making our purchases for th is
Spring and Summer.
Ladies and Gentlemen, Boys and Girls
Have had their Wants and Wishes considered and can be
better supplied here than elsewhere.
Our Dry Goods, Clothing, Shoes and Hats
Novelties and Gent's Furnishings
ARE.ONE FEAST OF BARGAINS
We are the People's Store.
L.I LEVY & SON.
H. P- FOURNET.
AGENT OF
W. A: Vandercook.
WHOLESALE DEALEI IN
Choice Wines and Brandies
Los Angelos, San Francisco and
Arizona.
OFFICE and I)EPO'T.
Sr. MARIINvt.ir.':,. : : : : : : : A.
FARM FOR SALE.
A desirable place near Pin iltok on Vcr
illi mn Ibayvn aib.,ut a utli and- a half fromt
the town, of Lafayette. ,uitable fora truc:k
farm. l)Cllin: g i, u:e a:n I large nuiImber of
fruit trees. Will sell cheap. AIpl!y to
1. II. Knlight, New Ilb.:ri. G-23-Gm.
MRS. H. L. MONNIER
Dressmaker
Desires to inform her friends awl the g n
cral pu blic, that she i. prrpared to tnk." n
sewing, and solicits the making a iue dress.:.
I r-2-4nt.