THE AFAYETTE GAZETTE.
VOLUME II. LAFAYETTE, LA., SATURDAY, DECEMBER 29, 1894. NUMBER 4
MOUTON BROS.
-DEALERS IN
* General
Merchandise.
Lowest Prices Consistent With
Quality of Goods.
Liacoln Avenue, : LAFAYETTE, LA.
CHEAP STORE.
LOUI0S NOLLIVE,
Watchmaker,
Jeweler
and Optician,
Opposite Mouton & Salles' Store.
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Gold modal awarded at Exposition of
1878. Repairing of fine watches a ape.
cialty. All work choeap and guaranteed. 1
MT. CAO L CON VWTT
LAFAYETTE, LA.
the system of education includes the
French and English languages, Music
and all kinds of needle-work. Every
attention will beo given to the health
and comfort of those placed under the
care of the Sisters.
For terms apply to the Superior.
LA PAY ETTE
Blacksmith,
WHEELWRIGHT anal SUPPLY SHOP.
1ear Bank Izuzlding.
FRED MOUTON, Proprietor.
Lowest prices, consistent with work
done. All work promptly attended to.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
HI. C. SALLES,
DENTIST.
Office on Buchanan Street,
LAFAYETTE. - - - - LA.
E. G. VOORHIES,
ATrORNEY AT LW AND
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Lefayeto, l.a.
II. WV. ELLIOTT,
Attorney at Law
and Notary Public
LAFAYETTE, LA.
O. C. & J. MOUTON,
.A tt rox-xe e aKt Iea z,
LAFAYETTE, LA.
Sidney Veazey,
LIVERY
ANDStabe
FEED e
Lincoln Avenue,
Two Blocks From Depot.
First-class rigs at reasonable p.rices,
Careful dr.vers furnished when reouired
LAF.AYETTE, LA.
jan 17.
C. DEBAILLON,
Will practice in Lafayette, St. Mary
and Vermillion P'arishes, and the Su
prome and Federal Courts at Opelousas
and New O:-leans.
LAVA S A TE". LA.
RAILROAD BA1BEIt SHOP.
Lincoln Avenue, Near Depot.
THE "OLD RELIABLE."
JOHN VANDERGRIFF, Proprietor.
-AND
Sale Stable
E. CONSTAMNTIN, Proprietor.
LAFAYETTE, - - - - LA.
DR. J. L. DUHART.
A practitioner in the State 22 years,
and in Lafayette Pa;rish l11 Iyears, calls
attention to his new and successful treat
tument of the respiratory organs. Medi.
ral inhalations combined with consti
tutional treatm.ent affording a curoe to
Consumption, in the llrst and seocoij
period it.they follow cxaetly the troeat
ment and relief in the tbird period.
Deafness and chronic diseaonses in gen
eral a specialty.
O. P. GUILBEAU;
Notary Public
--AND-
Justice of the Peace.
anteful sad prompa attention given to
the colleotion of Mi ia. .3counts, notes or
irafts. Sale and purecase of lands at.
teisd to. 1-19
C. It MOUT ON,
A *i z'zneoy nat I nsaw r
qt. Mrlsevule. 14.
MRS. MONTGOMERY. ,
Why .She Preferred the New e
Boarder's Soolety. t
s
IIAT 1 was in g
love n ith her ii
admits of no
doubt. To com- r
mence with, Il
hadonlychosen s
that particular b
house because 7
she had been g
i// standing at the
I/window, and
when I found n
the terms were s
7 ordinary terms.,
and that a $
1 single bedroom e
was vacant, I became one of the board- a
ers with a degree of pleasurable an- 8
ticipation. C
1 established myself the following f
morning, arriving with my impedi
menta in a hansom, and descending I
to luncheon when the gong sounded s
with my best coat on. The woman I
whose face had captivated me was not I
present, and I immediately feared she E
might have left. -
To my unspeakable delight she on- I
tered while I was endeavoring to con- I
sole myself with the reflection that I i
was, anyhow, confortably installed,
and that the glimpse I had obtained of i
her the preceding day in passing had I
probably saved me from a less desir- I
able establishment. Her seat, by
good chance, was next to me, and I
though I did not in this way have so I
favorable a view of her, the arrange
ment held out the promise of agree
able conversations.
Let nme declare at once that the
9 promise was fulfilled. I was intro
c duced to her, and learned that her
V name was Mrs. Montgomery. She was
a slender, graceful woman, with the
0 grandest gray eyes I have ever Looked
on, and a voice that made common
places a delight.
1 found that she had been staying
in the house for three months. She
was a widow and an artist, in so far
as she painted in water colors, and
disposed of her work as often as she
was able to find a customer. iHer age
was, perhaps, two or three and thirty,
and when I knew her better 1 dis
covered that she had considerable ex
perience of the world. Not that she
referred expressly to her experiences,
i, but rather that they tinged her re
Inarks, and imparted to them a cer
- tain breadth and depth not to be found
in the criticisms of the rest, I might
e-wen say a certain bitterness. She was
never cynical, but "'bitterness" con
veys mry meaning fairly well. She ap
peared to have lived and suffered, and
now and then, when she dropped the
mask and the real woman spoke to
- e, I almost felt as if she were guid
ing my hand toward a half-healed
wound. I was interested and curious,
and before long I found out that the
curiosity she had excited was not
limited to myself.
A boarding house is a very hotbed of
comment and inquiry, and it was not
to be supposed that a woman like
Mfrs. Montgomery could escape the
C common lot. She -was, moreover, sin
gularly reticent about herself, and
thus gave the other women's imagina
tions greater scope still. Where she
came from, who she was, how long her
s husband had been dead, such matters
formed food for daily gossip,and there
was not even wanting the plain and
spiteful woman to suggest the posi
bility of her being a divorcee, and not
a widow at all.
I was a man, and a young one, and
my zeal outran my discretion. I had
a the mortification of perceiving that, in
my ardent remonstrances against this
miserable imputationl, I procured for
myself the reputation of having fallen
9 in love with the lady, and, so far fromn
endearing myself to her by my cham
pionship, succeeded, on the contrary,
"I IEALIY DONX T UNDERSTANI YOU."
In creating a coldness in her bearing
toward me which made me wretched.
I do not mean, of course, that she was
aware that I had championed her, but
that she was speedily rallied on my de
votion.
I have just said I was young. I did
what every young man does under
t. such circumstances. I asked her the
i. reason of her altered manner to me.
i' She lifted her eyebrows in faint pro
Stest at such stupidity.
"I really don't understand you," she
Ssaid. "How have I altered?"
She had, dexterously enough, re
versed the positions, and the awk
wardness of explaining was now mine.
"You were more friendly to me," I
ata:mmered;."more kind."
"My dear Mr. Gore!" she murmured,
deprecatingly.
"You-of course it is difficult to say,"
I went on with hot cheeks-'"but you
are stiffer tonse than you were. Hlave
to I offended you?"
S'Not in the very faintest particu
Slar," she answerea; "pray believe it."
I bad perforce to be content, but
strove by every means in my power to
regaite. e former footing.
-.4"a.aunoyed at.this state by the
arrival of a new boarder, whom I ~m*
med itely obsrved to bie stioRily stt
Jwmoted Vs Via MoatqoamW. K wine
a big, black-bearded man of about h
forty, and, though he did not address
her across the table, I detected his
eyes attentively fixed upon her more
than once. My one belief was that
she, on her side, studiously avoided his
gaze, and even appeared distressed by
it.
It had only needed the element of
rivalry to make me her abject slave;
and though she gave the bearded
stranger no cncouragement, I hated
him and adored her most desperately.
The chatter of the facetious landlady
goaded me to exasperation, for the
newcomer's name chanced to be also
"Montgomery," and the gave opportu
nities for second-class boarding house
wit of the most approved type. "Mr.
Montgomery, will you pass Mrs. Mont
gomery the salad?" "DMrs. Mfontgom
cry, Mr. Montgomery is waiting per
mission to smoke." I figuratively
gnashed my teeth, and showed my dis
dain of such bad breeding without dis
guise
1 must admit, however, that Mrs.
1Montgomery's avoidance of the man
suffered no abatement as days went
r by, and so far as I dared to hope I was 1
not indifferent to her, I did hope. One 1
afternoon she was especially nice to i
me. We were alone in the dining
room after luncheon, and I fancied I
read in her voice the dawn of the feel
- ing I so ardently desired. We talked
of many things: of my chances in my
f profession, and the value to a young
I fellow at the outset of his career of a
good woman's influence.
1 said I personally regarded it as of
1 more value than either money or in
3 terest, and, while she did not agree
with me in toto, she acknowledged
that she also felt it a noble mission on
a woman's part to play mentor to a
e boy of talent.
"As a wife," I said, "for prefer
r ence?"
s She smiled. "Not necessarily as a
e wife," she replied. "for the disparity
i in their ages wculd be against such a
relationship as that. Say as a friend
where it is possible."
* 'Between you and me, Mlrs. Mont
e gomery," I asked, "is it possible with
r
I,
I
A LETTER VWAS LYING ON TIIHE CAN.
us? I mean, of course, supposing I
t have talent and you have the necessary
liking for me?''
I hoped she would say "no," and she
did. But she betrayed none of the
C confusion I had hoped for.
t "Circumstances prevent it with us,"
she said gently; "nor am 1 at all qual.
d ified to play such a role."
I touched her hand. Emotion was
to mastering me, and what words I might
r have uttered next I can only guess.
s Ihappily, or unhappily, the door opened
at that juncture, and our tete-a-tete
d as ended.
I went oiut into the street with my
t head in a whirl. Almost I meditated
proposing to her rather than keep my
d love locked up forever in a breast for
uL which it was too big. I walked with
n out stopping for some hours. and re
i turned to the house only as the gong
wr was proclaiming dinner.
", To my disappointment, Mrs. 'Mont
nr gomery's chair was vacant, and she
n- Was evidently spending the evening
out. I had just noticed that the
stranger's place was empty, too, when
I heard she had left for good.
"Left?" I exclaimed. "It-it was
very sudden, was it not?"
"Quite," said the landlady; "she told
me she had news, or something. That's
two people I've lost to-day. Mr. Mont
gomery has gone as well."
My world had fallen about my ears
I spent the evening in my bedroom,
smoking and ruminating on the inex'
plicable occurrencce. I felt as bereft
as if I had lost a fiancee or a wife, and
the idle talk of the others below, their
indifference, or callousness, as I termed
it, was hateful to me.
The following morning when I took
in my shaving water a letter for me
was lying on the can. It was from
M~rs. Montgomery, and ran thus:
"I) MaRI. n onE--In leaving W'oburr
place so very abruptly, I feel that I
Sowe, to you, at least, some explanation
WVe were good friends, and I shotilt
not like to think that I had been guilty
of any discourtesy. I have left it with
ig my husband, from whom I have been
d. separated for three years. Chance
s brought us together agaiL in the
at boarding-house, and we intend to
e- make a home together once more. I
have told you this for the reason I
id have given, but if I may ask a favor of
er you it is that you will consider it a
te confidence, and refrain fromn mention
ing it to the rest. With kindestre
0' gards, believe me, yours sincerely,
"HELEN MIONTGOMEIRY."
he I came across the letter yesterday; I
have always kept it. But I never saw
e- 1irs. M[ontgomery again.-N. Y. Ad
k- vertiser.
Le.
I -In 17380, when he was 69 years
old, Dean Swift was disabled by fre
4, quent attacks of deafness and vertigo.
His infirmities rapidly increased, and
,"in 1740 oft-repeated fits of passion
an ended in violent mania. This con
ye tinued for twoyears, when it left hirm,
and the last three years of his life
:u- were spent in speechless torpor. Faor
b." many years he seemed to have anticd
ut pated madness. Once when walking
to with friends he lagged behind, and
when they returned in search of him
I he.was found gazing at a tree whose
n. branches were dead. "1 am like that
te tr·ee," he e)aid, - '.halWdie ..t ) tlh
3* tsb'1 - -
SQUIRE RUFUS SAUNDERS g
The 'One-Gallus Statesman" Re- w
ports a Political Meeting. m
C'ampaign Speeches by a Third Party Mal in
and a Demnocrat-WVhat the Third no
arty is Here For-W-ho Was N
Thos. Jef'erson Anyhow. W
[Copyrtgettl 1511.] ti
It wasNovem' Ct
ber the third,
and Saturday at
that. There was
a mighty comin
together of the aw
people down at ti
T'ucker's Mill. hi
The election A
was comnin off at
the next Tues- hi
day followin. hi
The race was
narrowin down Ic
Sto a finish. h;
The horses had swung into the home 'I
stretch and the track was now powerful \1
hot and dusty. The crowd was tolera- h
ble bad muddled and mixed up in re- n
gards to politics. Sonethin a little 01
more samer than pure branch water ti
was flowin free and plentiful. and po- al
litical excitement was so thick till you II
could mighty nigh rake it up with a I
splinter. it was a ge.neral free-for-all b
meetin. and it had been give out in the a
settlement that both sides would be
heard prom in the speakin that day. fh
The moss-covered D)emocracy of co
Rocky Creek and the surroundin coun- y
try was there by their usual majority, ft
and there was likewise also a right cl
smart sprinklin of Third Party men s1
and lRepublicans on hand. We had fi
sent word up to the city for some of the o
big guns to come down and preach the p
true doctrine to the people, and the ci
other crowd had done likewise also the a
same thing. But somehow or some- n
how else it seems like the big guns I
didn't come, and so we had to worry tl
along as best we could without them. I
Plenty of Tatll]n] MaterIal. t.
But when it comes to poets and f:
preachers and philosophers and "poli- k
ticioners." as Aunt Nancy Newton calls t
them, Rocky Creeka int gone nowhere. if
There was dead oodles of talkin ma- "
terial on the ground that day--llevi 1
Scroggins and llandy Stribbia and .iule a
Nabors and .leem. ' \. Staggers and 8
Ien Chris" Weaver, and a whole passle 1
more. Jule Nahors is the lead dog of I
the political pack in that skirt of the e
woods, and lie was plainm hungry and
thirstin and spilin for a chance to make -
a speech. To hear .lule tell it. he was F
in hopes that our enro i-d would trot out t
a l'resident, or a (;overnor anyhow. t
and give him a chance to make doll
rags and kindlin wood out of the reglar a
Democratic part. Some of the boys t
wanted ine to lock horns with Jule, but u
it won't exactly my time of year for C
talkin out in public places. If there is a
any livin nian in this country that r
kn'ows .Iule Nabors like a scholar 1
knows his books it is me, and I lowed
it would be pure vanity and vexation I
for me and Jule to git tangled up in a t
talking match on politics. Jule Nabors t
don't know any more for certain than "
1 the common run of men, but he is par- c
ticular bright at guessin. and with him '
there ain't a blame bit of difference be
tween what he knows and what he t
guesses at. For a sm.mple case. he don't
know that Thomas J.1. ffcr n was the t
great original Third party man. but he
guesses that lie was and say's ihe was,
and that settles the case with .lule. It f
mought be that I know as much about
5 the politics of the country as .lule does,
t but when it comes to g-iessin I couldn't.
hold him a candle. and so I conme to the I
conclusion that the best plan would be 1
for meto hold out and let somebody
e else open the pot.
Now 111ev Scroggins he was ]most
Scirazy to git tangled up with .lile in a i
1 rough and tumble arintmeation on the 1
Y general issues of the cantaigin, but it
stood to reason with ime tIhat it. never
would do. llev is a terrible reckless
muan in regards to polities. lie would be
plum willin to stay in even if lie didn't
Ilhold na'ry pair. ilut i tc, uld see about 1
what come to pass if l1ev and .lulwe went
together. If they didn't tell nothin but i
e what they knowcd they wvonld soon git
through and quit, but aliout the first
time .Jule made a big guess and give it
e out for solid facts, and Imlev didl't see
C how he could raise him ainy. the lie
would pass and sone thiin else would
Shappen nex:t. So finally at l 1st I took
the boys off to one side and told them
d how we would have to play the game.
' According to muy opinions about the
onlyect mman on the grountds that, could
hold lus own witli .111l Nabors was
handy Stribbin. Ilandy.t don't know so
very mnuch for a positive fact himself.
4 but the man that can beat him gue.-sin
for truth will have to stay out tolerable
late at night and git up powerful soon
d in the mornin. So at any rates we fixed
r it tip for Ilandy Scrilihlin anti .ule Na
d bors to pitch in and light it out togeth
er for the general a mlusetnnt of the
crowd.
e The Pot VWas Opened.
According to the mutual arrange
ments handy had to lead off on a live
minits limit and op.'n the pot. as it
were. Then Jule was to have his own
timie to make a speceh for his side, and
Slandv was to have all the time he
wante to come back ait himn in the
y windup. Soin that way we first let
h tdown the cheek ireins and then slipped
n the bridles and holl~o-wed go.
o In openin up witi a few brief re
mnarks lHandy went on to say i11 t gen
e ral way that the 1)emocratic party is
Sthe onlyest party that ever cit. a tigg'er
I or stood for anything in tlhe politics of
I this conntry. ''The rlepubliean party
f is a knotoni aI log. fellow citizei's." says
a hlie. The Third party citunts for jest
Sabout as much n, a lhole in the open air,
and both of "cm put together couldn't
run the Government three days if they
had a chance without runming it to
smash and bustin up the plan of salva
I tion. If you wan:t your votes to stack
Iv up and count for semethin in the future
I. history of the country you must vote
the Democratic tickets. If you have
got votes to fling away prepare to fing
e cnm next Tuesdaiy and vote for the
SThird partyv--Iepubiiean mixtry,
whicih the same 1 am counidence you
Snever will do that. Somne people have
Ssense. aid sonice people haive titz, but
n you ain't all fools, fellow citizens, if
- you do wear wool hats. It is not for
m, me to turn niyself loose and tear my
Fe shirt in openin np this neetian. So far
> I ain't got nothin in particular to talk
Sabout. To waste my breath and blow
in your time talkin agin the Third
S .arts--Republican mixtry., is i.toodurn
dmuch llke goin nowhere after nothinand
a takin mny oxcart to bring it home in In
e holdin forth here today with nobody in
it the game but aie and Jule' Nabors. I
q (eel abnout l1k9g man holdig our ases
agin three jacks. If Jule Nabors can a
tell you anything as to wl.ere the Third p
party come from or where it is goin, or t
what it is here for anyhow, then I a
mought find sormcthin to talk about and
proceed forth w-ith some other and c
further remarks on the issues at stake y
in the comin election. Whereas I will t
now retreat and fall back, and if Jule a
Nabors has got anything to say as to I
why every livin man. woman and child f
in this great anti growin country hadn't fa
ought to vote the reglar Democratic I
ticket. let him come forth and say it y
now. or either henceforwards and for- d
ever hereafter put a briddle on his f
tongue and wear a pad lock on his lips. d
And Jule lie Came Forth,
lint then when Jule come forth it was
as plain as a painted horse rack that
the crowd would hear somethin from
his side of the case now presently.
After throwin away a wad of tobacco
as big as a snow bird and washin out
his mouth with a pintof hard cider and
hit spiked. he went on to say:
"Fellow sufferers in this patient and
long suffering country, No doubts you
have heard tell of Jule Nabors, the
Third party man from Rocky Creek.
Well, this is him. Maybe some of you
have saw him before. "'ou will
notice that there ain't no padlocks
on his lips to speak of, and if you tarry
together around here much longer you
are more than probable to find out that
he don't wear no briddle or his tongue.
I started to say this is a free country,
but it ain't. It use to be free, but.
ain't now. The l)emocratie p~arty has
fit the country down. avd ~1all street
has got the people down, and it has now
come to the pass when you can't drink
your own branch water or breath the
free air only when the Democratic ma
chine says so. If the people ain't
slaves they arc all natural born durn
fools. and you can't make nothin else
out of the general comglomity of the
present surroundings. The day is
comin fellow sufferers, if we don't do
something to head it off. when every
man in this country will have to wear a
I)emocratic ring in his nose and go to
the )emocratic party for his rations.
It has been going fro:m worse to worse
and ntre of it for a hundred years, and
the onlyest way to save this country
from war, faminne and ruination is to
kill off the Democratic party and stop
the breed. Look at cotton, fellow uf.
ferers--down to fi :e cents a pound, and
when the IDemnocratie party come into
power the people was gettin fifty cents
a pound for their cotton. with the bag- t
gin and ties throwed in free gratis for
nothin without any charge to speak of.
Look at clothes, fellow suffers-fifteen
or twenty dollars for a. store-bought
suit that you could buy for three dol
lars and six bits before the Democratic
party shut off free silver and brought
the people and the country into this
terrible trouble and confusionment.
Look at potatoes. fellow sufferers-goin
a beggin at twenty celts a bushel now,
whilst the town people use to run after
us to buy all we could raise at fifty
cents a peck. They tell us we *can feed
and fatten our hogs on the big crop of
potatoes, but fellow sufferers, where
in the devil are we goin to git the hogs?
And even if we had the hogs they
would be ashamed to eat fine yam po
tatoes at twenty cents a bushel. They
tell us we can buy meat and hiour and
sugar and coffee anti other town pro
ducements three times cheaper than
we could when cotton was up to ten or
fifteen cents a pound, but what is that
to us since they have squashed out free
silver and we aint got nothin to buy
the stuff with ? That aint worth a con
tinental durn with tnc when I couldn't
buy me a mess of chitlins if pork was
goin at two bits a hogshead. and all on
account of the Iemocratic party. That
is too durned infernal thin. fellow suf
ferers. It is thinner than some sor
gurn syrup Andy Lucas turned out for
me last summer. which the same you
couldn't take t\w, biscuits and hem it
up in a three cornered plate. Free sil
ver is the nmainest thing with us. fel
low sufferers, and w.e can't git it from
the democratic lurty.'"
What They Are lHere For.
"hlandy St ribblill wants to know
what we are here for and what the
Third party is going to do. It is goiu
to give the peorple free silver and save
the country from geneiral starvation if
it takes ten ycaus. brings on another
war. and busts lip the governulent.
What has the democratic party ever
done, fellow sufferers. exceptin to
build plenty of jails and Pl'or Ilouses.
aund when the people called for bread
I fed 'em on a melnss rof stones ? The
'lThird party will tear down where they
Shave lbeen biuildin up. and build up
Ilwhere thelo have been t'arrin down.
A'e are goin to bring this lost and ruint
I country around right side up with care
and stike off thi e i shackles of poverty
and hard t imin: as nd iniquity with which
the democratic party has so everlastin
i ly beset the helpless and down-trodden
i people--that's what we are here for,
1 fellow sufferers. and that's what we
i are goaiu to do in thii' righteous cause.
"\11ho was 'I'hodn:ts Jeffersron. fellow
sufferers ? lIlt was a gre:at soldier and
a amighty statcsmani,. and the fir.st orig
inal l'lird party masn of this country.
lie built up the" democi'ratie party and
staved with i it as long as lie could stand
the smell, but when the'y took to stuflin
lallot.hoxes and :vent, squ1are back on
Sfree silver, the old mun laid down his
Shand ad and tok ou:t andl quit andi got up
1 the third party. T'homas .hett'erson was
a for free silver,. too, and they tell mue
e that the lmst divin w-ordrls hlie give- forth
t oi his deathl bed wvas 'fraud and free
1 silver, 1he gorvrn-ernt be darne:ld!"
'-lf you want. to git umnder the main
- tent llnsl e Se i" t, shrmow out. fellow suf
ferers. von must follow the T'hird party
a and i;lalgin. 'lhte peoplr, nrecotnin or
r' way IrmV -the'y ar'i' cominu in cldrove.-
f conlin on hlr-raclhaik and in wagins and
a foot. The rlighteus; .ee when tihe
s wicked pursucthl after thern. T''he time
t is comin. fellow s ft'ufferters. when a dem
ocrut will feel as lonesome in this coun
t try as a bobttail dog at a log welkin. or
w vrds to tohat extent., Let everybtody
Scolne while i -et therois room anti git a
- pilace in the 'mIighty land slide. anti vote
for liberty and free silver."
leandry tribbtln ('omes uHavk.
c It was now handy'g s time to comle back
J at .Tulc on the final wvindup. He saw
J iule for all that was up and raised him
a fewl before ie quit. IHandy proceed
i ed lwith hI'; spceLh us follows telow :
e "Fellow ertizcnms. friends and couin
Strlymen ! It w-a:s I)an'l \eb:ater. I be
f litev. or inaybe it moIAught of been old
r IHickory IJackson. that said all namen are
' liarsn. Now dcln't uanderstaind me as
r savin that Jnule Nabors is a liar. but he
. is a manl,. and you can see for .-ourselves
v that lie coulhlnt tell thie truth with a
a detrmocratic party has hrought on rall
d the aches and pains and ills and evils
a that the humnan flesh is heir to. Now
a mind you 1 don't say that Jale was lyin
I whenhe said that. but I do -y theiw
Siail't o9 &ingle darrn bii of f'utb Io
what he has told you. The democratic
party has done monstrous well to hold
the general government together and
at the same time keep the Third party
-republican mixtry from runnin the
country to the devil and the dogs. If «
you was to turn the country over to 0
them to run it their way it would soon be p
a waste howlin wilderness. Everybody %
0 would quit work and go about huntin n
for free silver. They would turn the d
farm hands out and let stock in to go tl
prowlin and pilferin around through
your fields till the land would be so
durn poor you couldn't even rai: e a dif- ii
i ficulty on it. They don't give a fiddlers s,
durn for you and ine, or the people and s
the country in general. They are after n
free silver, they are. Now Andy Lucas
aint no statesman. as you all know, but
he was wobblin around mighty clost to
the bull's eye when he said that free
silver is one of them things what you n
hear tell of so durn frequent and see so n
durn never. If silver was free like the f
water in the creeks and the leaves on h
the trees it wouldn't buy nothin nohow. ,
If that is what the Third party is here
for it will live poor and die poor. and
somebody else will have to meet the
funeral expenses.
*"Jule Nabors told you that Thomas E
Jefferson was the first original Third
party man. Shades of George Wash
ington, did you hear that ? The facts f
in the case. fellow citizens, is that
Thomas Jefferson was born and ted
and buttered and brung up as a Ilard
shell Baptist and a daylight democrat.
lie come from a long line of God-fearin. T
debt-payin dram-drinkin, democratic s
people, and finally at last he died with
a bad case of heart-disease, which the r
same he caught because he heard that I
one of his secont cousins had jined the t
Third party and brought the gray hairs
of the family down in sack cloth and
ashes to the grave. Jule is chargin
1 around as usual about Wall street,
Swhen right now he wouldn'tknow \lall I
street from WVeaver's woodyard if he t
was to meet both of 'em in the big road
with linen dusters on. They say the c
people must have free silver or go to
the Poor House. That inay be so. fel
1-o. citizens, but the democratic party
is the onlyest party that can give you
free silver. or free whisky either as fitr I
that. The Third party can't give it to 1
rou. They aint got any. And if the peo
ple know which side of their bread is
\uttered. which they generally do, they
will stand by the denmocratic party. and
vote the democratic ticket and follow
the old democratic fiag till the cows
come home and the evenin stars sing
together."
r The election is now past and gone,
and of course it went right. 'T'he dem- t
ocrats vwin the race in a dog walk and
whipped the fight hands down. ;But it
aint much probable that the meetin at
e Tucker's mill and the speeches that
Ju.Ile Nabors and Hlandy Stribblin made I
S had anything to do with the case. The
creeks are still runnin down strean antd
the country aiut gone nowvhere.
Il UFI'ts S. IEIJU .
PERSONAL AND LITERARY.
--It is full thirty year:s since W\. G.
? Grace, the English cricketer. made his
y first "'century" in a big match. Yet it
was only a few days ago that lie put on
Y one hundred antd thirty-one runs
against the professionals, makinng the
n ninety-ninth time when he has passed
,r the three-figure mark.
It -Lady Sophia Cecil, aunt of the M[ar
e quis of Exeter, who is now ninety-four,
' is the last survivor of the famous ball
' at Brussels on the night before Water
lee. She is a daughter of the Duchess
i of Richmond, who gave the ball, and
t danced that night with the duke of
f- Brunswick. who was killed next day at
r- Quatre Bras.
S -,James Mulligan. the United States
i consul-general at Samoa, writes to a
friend in Lexington, KIy.. that Robert
1- Lou:s Stevenson is a very lively man
in for one who is supposed to be in bad
health. lie plays tennis for hours, and
no one can outlast him at a dance. lie
will put off writing a story at any time
v to attend a ball.
- -A recent addition to military liter
ature is "Fables from Field and Staff,"
if by Lient. lames A. Frye. of Bloston.
'r The book is the second of a series of
t. stories of life among the citizen sol
ar diery and the seven short stories, or
0o inclosures, as the author calls them,
are blrimn full of pathos and huinor.
S-Rear Admiral Albert Hastings
y Markham, the Arctic explorer, and
ip second in conmmandt to Sir George
at. Tvron when the latter, with three
it hundred others, was lost in the Vic
' toria, was recently mnarried( in London.
ty The wedding cake was decorated with
d' a model of the Alert. which he com
n- manded in the North Pole expedition
r of 187h3-6i. when he reached 83 deg., 2
re min., 26 sec.. the highest northern alti
e. tude attained by Englishmen, and only
yw surpassed by Brainard and Lockwood
id of Greely's expedition.
S -Perhaps the best-natured. and at
ad the same time one of the wittiest. re
nt joinders in religious dispute was that
in niade by Father O'Leary to an Irish
l I'rotestant. "I have no objection,'
is said the latter. "to have the \'irgin
P Mlary treated with reverence, int only
as a rcspectable, venerable ivolan
t just suchll a one as my own mlother.
e "Still." replied O'Leary, "you must
allow there is some difference in the
in children."
I- -The duke of Northumnberland. in
ty spite of his vast weallth, is very innaf
r fected and simple in his life. When
Sever on a railway, hie usually takcsa
ie tlmird-class ticket, to the indignation
ie of the railway officials. One day they
n- determnined to break himii of this frugal
n- habit. and they filled his comnpartmentc
ttr with chimney-sweeps carrying bags of
dy soot. When the duke arrived at his
Sdestination, he took the sweeps to the
booking-offiee and bought them each a
first-class ticket back again, and put
one in each first-class carriage, sacks
ek anud all.
---A fac-simile of the "Soldier's Pock
d-et Bible." compiled by Edmund Cala
my in 1643 and used by Cromwell's
n- Iloundheads. of which only two copies,
e- one in the British museum and one in
l the United States, are known to exist,
ro has just been published by Elliot Stock
in London. It was long supposed that
,'s the edition used by the army of the
a Commonwealth was a very small Bible
he printed by John Field, but as that was
cll first issued in 1653, after the civil war
ils was over, it can not have been tho
w book. The credit for the discovery be
in tongs to JMr. George Livermo'e, p
?f' Atu~V~rsidge, ,as
--  - . ? . . . . . .
NEWSPAPER ADVICE.
So.me of the Odditles- That Are Heeea.
mended to the P'ublie by the PreMs.
To some of those masculine mortals.
whose lot it is to foot the bills
of their feminine kindred, it ap
pears as if many of those persons
who are supplying out-of-towr
newspapers with information up to
date do not intend to shoot over
the heads of their fair readers. Not a
few of these writers prattle with child
like simplicity. In fact, some of it is
so simple that a child in the "goo-goo"
sta;'e of mental development might al
most understand it. Anyway, they
go right along from day to day. Who
knows but that the persons who are
spluttering their information are men,
not women. If such is the case, they
may be excused for the lackadasical
fashion in which they handle it. This,
however. is. as Lord Dundreary was
wont to say, "one of the things no fel
low can find out."
For instance, this helpful = "O-
tion for women appears in a ,,:.',, t
newspaper:
''Partly worn sleeves may be . ....
good as new by cutting off th
portions."
One in Dubuque instructs trunk pack
ers in this fashion:
"Roll tightly all smaller undergar
ments. nightdresses, towels, etc.. thus
securing much more room."
A St. Louis print gravely says: "To
remove candy from a plush chair very
hot water may be used, care being
taken not to wet the plush."
The person who gives household hint
in a Seattle daily announces: "Thou-.
sands of superb heads of hair are never
put in water. People who are averse
to washing their wigs maintain that
water rots the hair. drowns out the
oil glands and gives the head a moldy
smell that is certainly unpleasant.
The scalp may be kept in excellent
condition and the tresses clean and
beautiful by the frequent use of bar
ber or mnilitary brushes."
T'ouching the time when straw h
may be called in. a Leavenworth pa
says: "Coarse black rough and rc
straw will be worn through ti
autumn. Indeed. it is not unusual to
see these hats until holiday time."
This is a helpful hint culled from a
Wheeling newspaper: "Veal, properly
cooked, is a most toothsome meat and
seems to be gaining in popularity."
F'rom a Baltimore daily comes this
happy thought: "Use the blanket in
prcference to the comfortable."
IFeminine readers of a certain paper
published in Boston may have an ach
ing void filled by this news:
''Linen stuffs in delightful colors are
now to be found in the large stores."
This may cause modish womeL
Philadelphia to jump for joy:
"Capes will be much worn again
season, both long and short, dou'
and single."
W\Vhat would the girls of St. Pa. t: et
if Minneapolis girls, instead of them
selves, had a newspaper containing
Sgems like this?
"-lor hanging photographs in a
young girl's room, ribbons of her favor
ite color are quite recherche."
A housewife's prompter, writing for
a (Neb.) paper. sagely says:
s "\When. from any cause, wall paper
I shows a spot of grease or oil, it is cer
f tain that the grease has penetrated to
t the wall beneath. It is useless to re
paper. "-N. Y. Advertiser.
Grape Preserve.
SGrapes are good in season and out;
I that is. they are delicious when pre
 served. and now is the time for putting
1 them up. In preparing grape preserve
a tender-skinned grape should be used.
The Concord grape is too tough-skinned
to, make- a satisfactory preserve.
SSqueceze the pulp out of the skin, and
Safter putting it in the preserving ket
tle set it on the fire. Stir frequently
f and cook until the pulp will break up
- readily. This will require only a few
r minutes" boiling. Rub the pulp through
a sieve. rejecting the seeds. Measure
the skins and pulp and put them in the
· p-c-erving kettle. For every 'quart
. f the fruit add one pint and a half of
.sugar and one will of water. Cook for
e twenty minutes after the preserve be
grins to boil: then put in jars and seal.
If you choose. use less sugar, or, if you
h prefer to have the preserve sweeter, al
low a pound of sugar for each pound of
fruit.-N. Y. W1orld.
The Sanart Boy.
\\'hat are you doing. Freddie?" said
the painfully smart boy's uncle.
S1)raw in pictuireson my slate."
'\\What is this supposed to repre
sent?"
''A locomlotiv'e."
t Ilut why don't you draw the cars?"
h \\hy --er---the locomotive draw- "lhe
cars." -- \\'asington Star.
clu-h Interested.
- Iittl" lioy-The teacher is reall, in
Sterested in ine.
Ft Fontld otherv-I au gxad to hear
e that.
Little Icy---Yes'm. She said she was
iicoin' to, tell you that I never know my
f- lcssons.-f30ood News.
a Intuition.
n Aunt (sternly)-lo) you mean to tell
.e. (;certride. yol couldn't tell which
il of the gentlemnen kissed you?
it Uertrude-No. aunt. it was dark,
f lut judgillng from the style of the
is kiss I fancy it was Capt. Hughes.-
e Tr'urth.
ai -Just immediately after the last
it R,nsso-Turkish war, I happened to have
rs some business to t'ansact with a well
known luaker of surgical appliarces,
r- and while a friend and I was talking
s- to one of the members of the firm, we
s noticed a number of wooden legs being
8, packed for consignment to Constanti
an nople. "-IRather an eloquent protest
t, against the vwar," said the member of.
:k the firm. pointing to the cases. "Yes,'"
at replied may friend. "they are stamp,
xe speeches."--llustrated London News. -
-s 3latanzas Inlet, Florida, ~wie
mr named by Menendezr. to commem
ho his victory over Ribout. The
e. means "massacre." -
p- -At L s i not a ro5t
ket.--ataVt's l lQ t