THT WE HAVE AN IDEA
THAT there is a large number of wide-awake people in Lafayette who pay more for their Dry boods than is strictly necessary.
i ha an- idea that we have not met all the Beauty and Chivalry native to Lafayette. With a desire to correct the mistake many are making, and with the
h~e of- gaining to ourselves the pleasure of your personal acquaintance, we will give you a few reasons why our acquaintance would be mutually beneficial.
1st. WE ARE IN THE DRY GOODS BUSINESS AND CARRY EVERYTHING IN THAT LINE. 2d. WE ARE IN THE BUSINESS FOR PROFIT AND
MANY YEARS OF SUCCESSFUL EXPERIENCE HAS TAUGHT US THE BEST METHOD OF DRAWING BUSINESS TO US.
By these methods we have gradually-grown until our stores are situated throughout Texas. Our retail stores are at Galveston, Houston, Martin, Bryan, Navasota,
Mexia, Cuero, Huntsville, Brenham, Rockdale, Crockett, Palestine, Bellton, La Grange and Waco. Our wholesale house is at Galveston and covers almost half a bIock.
All these stores and our immense business have grown by our strict adherence to a strictly Cash business based on the smallest possible margin of profit. We find that the
closer our prices the larger our sales. Consequently the larger our sales the closer we can make our prices. We are doing for this section what we have done for many
towns in Texas. We are giving Consumers the opportunity to buy small quantities at Wholesale Prices. It will pay people living in Lafayette to come to New
Iberia to buy their Dry Goods.
In clothing we can save you from SI. to 04. on every suit you buy, besides we give you a larger stock to select from.
In shoes we save you from 25c to $1. a pair on every pair you buy. In hats and Gents Furnishing Goods it is the same way; we increase the value of your
dollars. If you want to get the fullest values for your money come and examine our stock.
We only have room for a few prices this time, but other things are sold in same proportion-see these:
Calicoes, Lawn. Etc:
Harmony shirting calico, all colors and designs. Fast colors, price 4c
yard.
American shirting calico, the very best grade, 43c.
American indigo or "guinea blue" calico, guaranteed fast colors, best
grade 43c. i
25 pieces handsome dress style ginghams in plaids and stripes at 33c
a yard. b
Martha Washington novelty prints, in handsome designs and good
colors, 4$c. c
Turkey red calicoes with white figures and stripes. Fast colors at 43c.
We have five or six different brands of novelty goods at Sc a yard, such
as vinela prints, Arabseques, Glaselle, etc. See these; they are beautiful.
Simpson best solid black calico, absolutely fast colors, only Sc a yard.
Wm. Simpson & Sons, finest grade silver gray half mourning calico sc.
Cohico "D" satines ecru grounds with lavender, green and navy blue
figures, worth toc, our price 834c.
Solid colored light blue and cream brocaded satines, very handsome
worth 25c, our price r5c.
Cream, pink and garnet satine at 834c.
Black satine at 8s3c, soc, sz2c, zxc and soc.
Handsome colored duck for dresses at boc. These are wash goods.
Solid colored duck in white, black and tan at soc.
Percales for shirt waists, in every conceivable color, in all newest designs.
Blue organdy-at 25c a yard.
And all other new, seasonable goods at the very lowest prices. These
must be seen to be appreciated.
It is not alone in wash goods that our stock shows novelties. Our line
of black goods for skirts are triumphs of the designers' art. The fabrics
are light weight and are specially desirable for warm weather. Comfort
should never be sacrificed for appearance sake. These new goods are
handsome, light in weight and cheap. See them.
We have some novelty wool goods for summer wear in colors. Also
about two dozen waist patterns in summers silks. No two alike. Prices
are cheaper than you could get the same thing for in New Orleans.
After May 5, we expect to move into our new building on Main street, near post-office. It is rapidly approaching completion. It will be 60 feet wide by 100 feet
long. We will then have ample room for our immense stock and we will be able to increase our very, very large assortment.
If saving money is any object to you come and examine our stock.
PM,4STR OT BR OS. a O..
THE GAZETTE.
Subscriplion Price, : $z Per Year
So. Pac. Schedule.
EAST BOUND.
No. g., Arri's 2:46 a. m., L'ves 2:56 a. m.
No. 17, " 12:20 p. m., 1" 2:45 P. m.
WEST BOUND.
No. so. Arri's 1.41 a. m. L'ves 2:41 a. m.
No. 18, " 3:15 P. m. " 3:35 P- m.
A2 EXANDRIA BRANCH.
East bound, No. 73, Arrives 12:10 p. m.
West bound, No. 72, Leaves 3:40 p. m.
AT NEW ORLEANS.
Arrives. Leaves.
No. 19 8:20o a. m. No. 20 8:so p. m.
No. 17 6:40 p. m. No. 18 9:oo a. m.
M thodist Church Service.
Preaching at Lafayette on the 1st, 2nd
and 4th Sabbaths, at I a. m. and 7 p. mn.
At Rayne on the 3rd and 5th Sabbaths at
Ix o'clock and at night.
I. F. Reams, Pastor.
DEMOCRATIC TICKET.
FOR MAYOR,
CHAS. D. CAFFERY.
FOR COUNCILMEN:
Da. THOS. B. HOPKINS,
A. EMILE MOUTON,
Da. G. A. MARTIN.
JOSEPH J. DAVIDSON,
JOSEPH A. LANDRY,
ALCIDE J. BRU,
JOHN HAHN,
The Misses Jones of Carencro
were visitors in Lafayette Tuesday.
Miss Emma Frere of Franklin is
the guest of her aunt, Mrs. Wm.
Clegg.
"Play ball !" Get your balls,
bats, catchers' masks, gloves, etc.,
at Moss Bros. & Co's. Lowest
prices.
Mr. Valery Ledoux of Lake
Arthur was in Lafayette this week.
Remember ladies' dress goods,
all styles from 3c up, at Racket
Store.
A. L. Oden who had been em
ployed here as operator at the
Southern Pacific depot and who
left some time ago, was in Lafa
yette this week on a visit to his
friends.
Light weight straw hats in the
newest shapes, for gentlemen, at
Moss Bros. 8c Co's.
Mr. Anatole Cormier, of St.
$,tin parish, was in Lafayette dh
business a few days ago.
The marriage of Mr. F. Hanegan
of Hope, Ark., and Miss Mary T.
McFaddin, daughter of our towns- !
man, Judge T. A. McFaddin, will
take place at the Presbyterian
church in Lafayette, at 2 o'clock 1
in the afternoon, on Wednesday, I
April a2.
We want your watch work
Why should you give it to us? Be
cause we employ the best .,f skill, 1
and all work turned out by us is
guaranteed. Call and be con
vinced. T. M. Biossat.
Mr. and Mrs. B. J. Williams and
little child of Greenville, Texas,
arrived in Lafayette last Sunday to
spend some time at the home of
Mrs. Williams' parents, Dr. and
Mrs. Thos. B. Hopkins.
Mr. J. O. LeBlanc was called
to Loreauville last week on account
of the serious illness of his
daughter, Mrs. Edmond Broussard,
who, we are pleased to state, is i
is much better and pronounced out 4
of danger. 1
All styles, all kinds of ladies'
belts, at the Racket Store.
One of the facts to be kept be
fore the people is that trade is not <
suffering from overproduction so
much as underconsumption. Un
til every hungry mouth has been
fed and every shivering body
warmly clothed, all talk about over
production sounds strangely inap
propriate, to say the least.--St.
Mary Banner.
Bring your watches in for repair.
Satisfaction given or money re
funded, at T. M. Biossat's.
Cards have been sent out an
nouncing the marriage of Mr.
Baxter Clegg and Miss Louise
Torian Givens, at the Methodist
Episcopal Church in Lafayette, at
iz o'clock next Tuesday morning.
Misses Emily Olivier and Gra
ziella Francez, two of the most de
serving public school teachers in
this parish, passed successful exam
inations before the examining
committee last Saturday. Miss
Olivier has charge of the Roger
school and Miss Francez is assis
tant at Carencro.
t Never be a drone and live too
slow. This you will surely do if
your watch is out of order.- Keep
up with the times and wear a good
Stimnie-peee. Good work at reason
able prices at T. M. Biossat's.
Laces and Embroideries.
We have a beautiful line of white, cream, ecru and butter laces in all
widths in allfdesigss and all qualities, and with insertings to match.
Our line of black laces is worth attention.
We are showing hanasome swiss lawvn and Hamburg edges and insert
ings, which are 25 per cent less than others sell them for.
Other little edges suitable for calicoes, ginghams, etc., such as dark
blue, red, pink, light blue and lavender, we keep in stock also.
If you need feather stitch or finishing braid, or the rick rack braid,
come to us.
Domestics and Sheeting. Etc.
Yard wide unbleached cotton, at 4c.
Yard wide bleached cotton, at 43c.
A better grade at Sc.
A fine grade bleached cotton, at 6Y.
Green ticket Lonsdale cotton; at 7c.
Good grade unbleached 9-4 shet ting at ac a yard.
Pepperrell unbleached 9-4 sheeting, at s4c.
Pepperell enbleached o10-4 sheeting at x6c.
Bleached 9-4 pepperrell sheeting z6c.
0s 1o.4 "s "s 18c.
s 11-4 s" * 20oC.
Mattress ticking at 46c a yard.
A heavier grade ticking at Sc.
Good mattress ticking at 8/c and ioc yard.
Heavy cotton checks at /c.
Heavy cheviot for men's shirts, 73c.
Heavy blue Demins soc, worth i5c.
Cottonade for pants at 83Zc.
Fine grade cottonade for pants at 1a2 and 1Sc.
This list by no means represents our entire stock. Just think of it.
The best table oil cloth ioc a yard.
Towels for 4c, 5c, 7/c, ioc and up.
Lace curtains 2$ yards long, taped edges, at 45c and 6oc.
The Gazette thanks Hon. Robert
Broussard for some valuable con
gressional documents.
Judge McFaddin's office is now 1
neatly painted and every induce
ment is offered to the prospective
law-seeker by the genial judge and
the courteous attaches of his court.
Ladies and Gentlemen: Shoes, 4
low quarters of all kinds, at Racket
Store.
Deputy Sheriff Trhomas. Mouton
has been recuperating at his home
near Carencro. During his absence
Deputy Marius Roger was in
charge.
The board of assessors of railway
telegraph and telephone lines fori
this district will meet in Lafayette
on Thursday, May 6.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis E. Salles of
New Orleans have announced the
marriage of their daughter, Miss
t Genevieve, to Mr. Rodolphe J. Der
bes, Jr., on Wednesday evening,
April 28, at half after five o'clock,
Notre Dame's church, New Orleans.
If you need any printed station
ery, we would like to furnish you
with some of it.
The Hook and Ladder Fire Com
pany of Franklin will give an excur
_ sion to Opelousas on Sunday, April
2- 5. The round trip fare from Lafa
- yette is So cents.
Mouton & Hopkins have received
a full line of lawns which they are
selling at low figures.
Bucklen's Arnica Salve.
The best salve in the world for
Cuts, Bruises, Sores, Ulcers, Salt 4
Rheum, Fever Sores, Tetter, Chap
t ped Hands, Chilblains, Corns, and 1
all Skin Eruptions, and positively
cures Piles, or no pay required. It
is guaranteed to give perfect satis
faction or money refunded. Price
- 25 cents per box. For sale by Wm.
t Clegg.
r Call and see Mouton & Hopkin's
line of fine low quarters now on
display in their show-window.
A nice line of dry goods at Alex
DeLahoussaye's.
Low quarteri at. 5o cents, and up
a pair at Mouton & Hopkin's.
t Why Do You
Send to New Orleans and
to other cities to have your
Printing done when you
. can have the same work
done at The Gazette Office
a just as well and for the
n same money. We have a
e nice stock of paper always
n on hand and on short notice
we will furnish you with
r any kind of commercial
e printing that you may need
f in your business.
Wanted-An Idea ,
Writo 5-5 WWrDits1 * CO. ate. Aet
3ev.. Wnabisstou. D. 0,. ow their S peo r tsoeW
r 3 3Md6w lSt of oneSb u lvUovena waMte.
Sheriffs Sale.
Tennessee Coal, Iron & Railroad Co. vs.
Lafayette Sugar Mf'g Co.-Civil Dis
U trict Court of Orleans Parish, La.,
No. 49173
By virtue of a writ of fleri facias issued in the
above numbered and entitled cause and to me di
lrected. 1. the undersigned, have seized and taken
into my possession and will sell for cash to the last
and highest bidder between legal sale hours at the
front door of the court-house of Lafayette parish, on
Saturday. May 22. 1897.
the following described property. to-wit:
All the right, title. claim and interest of said de
fendant in and to "one certain judgment entitled
'Lafayette Sugar Mifanufacturing Co; vs. August
e Deyrez. justice of thepeace., 3d ward of Lafayette
pansh. for the sum of sixty dollars and interest.'
1. A. BaROUSSAND.
Sheriff Lafayette Parish.
April 7. t89y.
Notice.
' Public notice is hereby given that in ac
t cordance with the charter of the corpora
tion of Lafayette, La., the bl-ennial election
for a mayor and seven councilmen is called
d to be held on the first Monday of May,
A. D. 1897, being the third day thereof.
Y Said election will be held at the court-house
rt in Lafayette between the hours of 7 o'clock
a. m. and 6 o'clock p. m., and will be con
ducted according to the provisions of Act
. No. 137 of the act of the Legisture of 1896,
of the State of Louisiana.
Et Eu G. VooaHlas, Clerk of Court.
Lafayette, La., April 15, 1897.
Is Wanted--An Idea e--g
S Ohmas. D. Calffry." * *
-Attoraey.at-Law
and Notary PabHc,
P Of8ice on Madison Street,.
Lafayette, Louisiana.
Better grade at 75c pair, 3 yards long.
We have a beautitf-assortment of white and colored draperies at soc,
and 12$c a yard.
A Few Furnishing Goods.
Men's gauze undershirts, at soc each, better grade at sSc.
Men's heavy knit undershirts, at ISc.
Men's custom made Nainsook undershirts, at s5c.
Men's bleached India gauze shirts, with French neck at z5c.
Men's Balbriggan undershirts, French neck, worth 45c, our pricce 30c.
Men's brown balbriggan undershirts and drawers at 35c a garment,
worth Soc.
A better graie shirts and drawers at 45c each.
Men's clouded Angola undershirts, French finished neck at 4oc.
Men's super brown Lisle thread undershirts at 65c each.
Men's tan and black socks, at Sc.
A much better grade at 85 c.
Men's seamless black socks at roc pair.
Better grades in black, tan and Balbriggan at xs4c, x5c, soc and asc.
We havea complete line of men's collars at 8c, soc and 1aszc.
Men's four-ply linen cuffs at z5c, soc and 25c a pair.
A full line of white bows.
A full line of sumnmer four-in-hands.
A full line of summer scarfs.
Men's large Indigo blue handkerchiefs Sc.
Men's large turkey red h andkerciefs 4c.
Men's extra large turkey red handkerchiefs, Sc.
Men's plain white hemstitched handkerchIefs, Sc.
Men's fine cambric handkerchiefs at soc and Iszac.
Men's plain white linen handkerchiefs at soc and 25c.
We have a complete line of men's work shirts at 25c to Soc.
We have a handsome assortment of men's white shirts, all styles.
You must see our collection of negligee shirts; all qualities from 3oc
each to $.s25.
Sheriff's Sale.
Mrs. Aurelia Dupre, wife, etc., vs.
Jacques Dupre, Natural Tutor
zI11th Judicial District Court, No.
15189, St. Landry Parish, La.
By virtue of a writ of fieri facias issued
in the above entitled suit and to me directed
I, the undersigned, have seized and taken
into my possession, and will sell for cash to
the last and highest bidder, at the front
L door of the court-house in Lafayette parish,
between legal sale hours, on
Saturday, May 15, 1897,
a certain lot of ground, together with all
improvements, situated in the town of Lafa
yette, La., and being designated as lot
L marked "A" on a plan made by Jno. D.
Terrence. C. E.. on Dec. 16, 188o, having a
front on Buchanan street of sixty feet, by
g depth of between parallel lines of ninety
nine feet, bounded north by property of
Mrs. J. J. Mouton or assigns, south by that
of Mrs. J. A. Veazey, east by Buchanan
street and west by lot marked "D" on said
plan of survey. I. A. BRotssARD,
Sheriff of Lafayette.
April to, 1897.
Sheriff's Sale.
Southwestern Building and Loan
Association vs. J. M. Jones and
Geo. C. Budd-No. 3963
-17th Judicial District Court,
Parish of Lafayette, La.
By virtue of a writ of seizure and sale
under executory process iss urd by the Hon.
17th Judicial Distridt Court it, the above
entitled suit, and to me directed, I have
seized and taken into my possession, and
will sell without appraisement to the last and
highest bidder for cash, within the hours
prescribed by law, at the front door of the
court-housc in the town of Lafayette, on
Saturday, May 1, 1897,
the following described property, to-wit:
A certain tract of land with all the build
ings and improvements thereon, situated in
the parish of Lafayette, State of Louisiana.
containing four hundred arpents. more or
less, bounded North by Bayou Carencro,
South by lands of Onezime and the heirs of
Hypolite Breaux, East by lands of Ernest
Potier, West by lands of H. Guilbeau.
I. A. BRaossARD.
Sheriff of Lafayette Parish.
March 27, 1897.
"ST- LANDRY'S CYCLONE."
8ses9
A fine Registered Jersey Bull, 4
years old in April. His Sire the
only bull living or dead that ever
produced an 8-gallon Jersey cow.
His dam, 4 gollons. His daughters
very promising. Tabulated pedi
gree. Object of sale, to avoid in
breeding. Price $75 here.
C. A. SAINT,
Sun Set, La.
3-6.
Constable Sale.
By virtue of the parish stock lat and by
authority in me vested, I, the undersigned
constable of the ast ward of the parish of
Lafayette, have taken into my possession
and will sell for cash to the last and highest
bidder at the justice's office in Scott, be
tween legal sale hours, on
Saturday, April 17, 1897,
the following, to-wit: One brown mule.
A. CHIAssoN, Constable tat Ward.
April 3, 1897.
Constable Sale.
By virtue of the parish stock law and by
authority in me vested, I, the undersganed
constable, have taken into my possession
and will sell for cash to the last and highest
bidder at my residence, in the 7th ward of
the parish of Lafayette, between legal sale
hours, on
Saturday, April 24, 1897,
the following, to-wit: One creole mare and
one two-year-old calf. E. CosmAUx,
Constable 7th Ward.
April so, 1897.
Lands for Sale.
Several hundred acres of good lands situ
ated in the parish of Lafayette for sale on
easy terms. Apply to
JNO. A. HUNTER, Rayne, La.
4-6m.
Sheriff's Sale.
James F. Morris vs. Preston Hoff
pauir-No. 400oo-17th Judi
cial District-State of
Louisiana.
By virtue of an order of seizure and sale
issued from the 17th Judicial District Court
in the above entitled and numbered cause,
and to me directed, I have taken into my
possession and will sell to the last and
highest bidder for cash, between legal sale
hours on
Saturday, April 24, 1897,
the following described property to-wits
A certain tract or parcel of land situated
in the parish of Lafayette and described as
the southeast quarter of section No. five ($),
in township No. ten (so), south of range No.
three (3) east and containing forty-four (44)
acres more or less and being the same prop
erty acquirea by Preston Hoffpauir from W.
W. Duson as per act No-----dated Sept.
11, x894. I. A. BRoussaaD,
Sheriff Lafayette Parish.
March 20, I89y.
The Gasoline Laich
EDITH
Will leave Pin Hook Bridge
every Monday at 7 o'clock a. m.
for Coxan's Bank, at the seashore.
Round trip fare, $4.0oo. For par
ticulars apply to ALFRED HiBERT,
Lafayette, La.
3-6. .. :