.,+, tadays)--What
said ye.was an o.ldtule."
only thln i"'-... rHerald.
dot. Water Level
F trens, sad other sources
_.m atse t , eatens danger from
germs. This oondition is usually
din the al, nd it points to Hood's
$ irils as a safeguard satanstattacks
Sood'.s arsaparilla makes
, i leo, and thus guards the systman
em ~a these prslls. It aeates an appe
U.aa&ugiaves sound and robust health.
+:£em s oonalty tor the ý
have sumered from malaria fever for five
yars, andhave tried many kinds of medi
ecie, but found no relief till I commenced
to take Hood's Sarsaarilla. I have all
ode in it, and believe it to be far
superior to any other tonic." P. J. Fxrz
esmnaL , 11 Ninth tt.. So. Boston, Mass.
Hood's Pills cure all liver ills. 5.
. / .
KNOWLEDGE
Brings comfort and improvement and
tends to personal enjoyment when
rightly used. - The many who live bet
ter than others and enjoy life more, with
less expenditure, by more promptly
Sdaptthg the world's best prod.ucts to
tlhe eds nof physical being, will attest
the value to health of the pure liquid
laxative riciples embraced in the
emedy, lu+t ,of Figs.
Its xcellence is due to its presenting
in the form most acceptable and pleas
ant to the taste, the refreshing and truly
beneficial properties of a perfect lax
ative; effectually cleansing the system,
dispelling colds, headaches and fevers
and permanently curing constipation.
It has given satisfaction to millions and
met with the approval of the medical
profession, because it acts on the Kid
neys, Liver and Bowels without weak
ening them and it is perfectly free from
every objectionable substance.
Syrup of Figs is for sale by all drug
gists in 50c and $1 bottles, but it is man
ufactured by the California Fig Syrup
C. only, whose name is printed on every
package, also the name, Syrup of Figs,
and being well informed, youwill not
accept any stbtitxte if ofered.
CURES
COUCHS, COLDS,
INCIPIENT CONSUMPTION.
LOUISCOOK, Nzw ORLEANs. says: "ltglves
me great pleansure to be able to say hat L.ocock's
Cough Elxlr Is the best prcparatilon for coughs
and colds I ever used-and 1 have used a good
many. I cheerfully recommend it."
GOLD BY ALL DRUCCISTS.
PRICE 50c and $1.00.
Prepared by i. L. LYONS & CO.,
New Orleans. La.
W, L. Douci.As
3 SHOE NOS IUAKI N
95. CORDOYAN,
FREICH&ENAMEEDCAL.
..a.FINf ,.ECALF&IANGAmL
$S.LPOLICE,3soI.
W* L-M·OUeA
lRoCKTron, MAsS.
Toe ea nerse mousJ by wearins the
W. 1. eDoslae 3.00 ehee.
sbasm y wr m the larest mauWiftr-er. o
co a Ihoet in tre onld hrod osecntue their
. • w s ~ pLe the nLab r e d lorce on the
5555ewa epcalprotect yo agerast high pric end
he miemans proft. Our shoes equarl cusetom
ek li slle earyt stting and wear o ng quarlltler.
We.iter them old everlywhere at lower prlces tor
5huerLsJlven than any other make. Take no sub
II Ur ourdarlerecsanot supply ye, we can.
MAILED FREE
tifY ra rmeCor Fenaer* WVi,
,, UP T0 DATE DAIRYINOG"
cmhsllag 5.11n Instnrction how to secus
liibsi oles. Products. make
- ith LeaSs Labor get lore Money
-fiew sOiiANDY (isrone) SYaTEm.
DANIsH DAIRY SYs"EIm ac
rILIN SEPARATORq SYsTE
bkh ik b tetsughpaept sod case to the da farmer.
waltt for this Ialuable lefemmatleM. Stalled FREEes
miaties. ICldtl sued aidme at ceiehrleg scmam
sheoaem. Addrss R. LESPINASSB,
IIIIIII GeoA
The Sage of Rooaky Oreok and His
"Peouriour" Friend.
The tory of Old meUa Jordan lsgei-
-Way Teader the Most trons.set
Card n the Paek"-dltaed san
sant ms the Wreas side.
[Coyright 1e941
settlement re
members o 1 d
man Jordan Big
germ, which the
same he lived
and died in the
Flat Woods
down below
Tueker's mill.,
And even to the
boys and girls
of the younger
generation
them that didn't have no particlar ac
quaintance with him in the flesh-have
all heard tell of him and could give you
the general facts in the case. Thegood
Lord has made a heap of men, and
many various and sundry different
sorts of men. I reckon Hie must of
made Jordan Biggers--He got the blame
for it at any rates-but he never made
any more like him. Maybe he was so
sick of the job till he busted the moulds
and took out and quit.
* * " w
*'Borned On The Wrong silde."
Now it aint for me to seat myself
with pen in hand and put a slanders
tion on any man livin or dead. but more
particlar dead, whereas I will give out
nothin but the naked, unwashed truth
with regards,to old man Jordan Big
gers.
You have seen men before now that
seems as if they didn't have any partie
lar business livin, but was borned and
brungup to fill out a gap in the general
run of creation, as it were. You have
heard tell of men I reckon no doubts
that looks like they was jest naturally
built up on the wrong side and never
could fall in and take up with the ways
of the common human family.
Well, that was Jordan Biggers all
around and all over. So far as anybody
knows he never had any business in
this world. It seems like he sorter hap
pened in and sloshed around till his
time come and then petered out. If he
ever did have anything to do it was to
git on the other side and pull back
wards the wrong way. If old man Jor
dan Biggers had of fell in the creek and
got drownded and the settlement had
of turned out to look for his body no
body wouldn't of went down stream
huntin it. He wouldn't of floated that
way. He would of floated up stream
dead certain.
I was a young man in the first prime
of life whilst he was knowin along to
wards the sixties, but if I do say so my
self I reckon I was about the onlyest
man in the settlement that ever got ac
quainted with Jordan Biggers. And
yet still at the same time he didn't hide
out any. Anybody could see him and
talk to him, and everybody in forty
miles around could tell who he was
whed they saw him comin. But with
all that they couldn't serape up any ac
quaintance with him, and even to his
own dear father and mother didn't to
say know him exceptin only by sight.
And then it was only durin the last
remainin days of his life that I come to
know anything for certain about him.
It seems like he sorter "tuck up" with
me, as he would put it, and in his old
age he use to send for me and talk with
me right free and plentiful. And whilst
his senses, like everything else he had,
took the wrong side every clatter and
run up stream, I never heard tell of
anybody that wanted to take down a
musket and shoot Jordan Biggers for a
fool.
'"Most Strongest Card in the Pack."
Life is so infernal short and vain and
fleetin, and I am too allfired busy to
write a book, whereas I don't make out
like I can tell you all about old man
Jordan Biggers. But to the best of my
remembrance and ability I will give
out some of the mainest facts in the
case. He was way yonder the queerest
and most strangest card in the pack.
He never was known to take a drink
with any livin man on the face of the
earth, and yet it was a positive fact
known of everybody in the settlement
that durin his day and generation he
had managed to climb up around more
whisky, good better and otherwise,
than any three men in all that pleasant
strip of country. He would see you
dead and hauled of feet foremost be
fore he would let you take a drink with
him, and then you couldn't run him
down and rope him and throw him and
make him take a drink with you. He
would nominate his own pizen and pay
for it and drink it and you had to do
likewise also the same.
Jordan Biggers wouldn't shave up
clean, and yet he didn't wear whiskers
like anybody else. He used to shave
around and about, here and yonder, in
little dabs and patches till his face
looked like the shattered fragments of
ruination. In his old age lie use to dye
his hair in streaks and spots with every
shade and color from a charcoal black
to a pokeberry purple. As good luck
would have it Jordan was the onlyest
livin child his father and mother had,
and when they died they left him there
with a good plantation and nobody to
live on it but him and the niggers.
And whilst he never did suffer for any
thing he wanted had he never was
known to wear anything but the plain
est of clothes and but blame few of
them. I recollect oncst upon a time I
went over there to pass off a little time
with old man Jordan and before I
knowed what was comin he lit in and
preached me a little sermont on clothes,
which the same was so full of good
common sense till it stuck and stayed
with me.
The "Sermont On Claothem."
"You have seen clothes chests and
clothes lines and clothes pins, Rufe, but
did you ever see a clothes fool ?" says
he to me. "Vell I have." The very
woods is plum full of 'era. There is a
whole durn big passle of clothes fools
right around here in the Rocky Creek
country. You may not know it, Rufe,
but you are one of 'em, and not a single
blasted bit better than the rest. WVhat
takes me say what I do? Cause peo
ple act like they do-that's all. WV hat
makes you buckle up in your store
bought clothes and put on your fried
shirt and your tight boots when you
start to town on a Saturday or go to
meetin on a Sunday? You say it is be
cause that is the right and proper way.
I say itis because you are a clothes fool
and a general public coward. You are
skeered other people would have some
thin to say about it if you went along
timn dressed and cool and pleasant with
your plain clothes on, when other peo
pie aint got a durn thing to do with it,
Jont you have to buy your own clothes
and pay for 'em and then wear 'em?
Do you reckon I would go and put on a
coat and vest and galluses and under
shirt and the like of that when the
weather is so golnation hot till I can't
hardly keep on one clean shirt and one
pair of breeches. If my clothes are
clean and fixed up so I can wear 'em
and live comfortable in 'em it is- nothin
to me whether they look like your
clothes or Bill Smith's clothes or not.
It is none of your business and none of
Bill Smith's business how my clothes
are made, or what they are made out of
or how I wear 'em. And when all
nmels to all. it make l tbl . li)~le
tith>tbhtlinrkrabout it.- I 2 bebe sew
oral difLereut sorts. a a'. foebut'.rUlbe
dadblamied if I ever will be a elothe
fool."
"Ia the Seemehoel Days."
Even down to his last dyin day Jor
dan Biggers took his odd ways otd his
peurious notions along with him.
nat upon another time I went over
there to asem a. few preliminary re
marks with the old man, butthere want
a livin soul anywheres around the
house. Every door and window was
standin wide open and I lowed to my
self that old man Jordan must be some
wheres around in that neighborhood.
So after wanderin around promisens,
finally at last I found him down in the
apple orhard. He had toted his old
air down there and was reared back
ajin a big apple tree. He was wavin
his hands and jesterin and talkin with
himself and gom on at such a high rate
till I thought in my soul he must be
drunk or either crazy. What was more,
he had on a high plug hat and a red
plush vest, and was makin his motions
with a gold-eaded walkdnistick.
"Hello Unclue Jordan, how are they
comin by this time ?" says I.
"Mornin Rufe," suys he, "pull npand
take a seat and set down. I am mighty
porely this mornin-sorter pilferin
around in the low grounds of sorrow,
as it were. The sperit is willin, Rufe,
but the flesh is too durn weak. What
is that the book tells us about the
solemeholy days are here and Christ
mas comes but. onest a year ? Well now
that hits me, Rufe--h'ts me square in
the face. Thirty years ago thismornin,
Rufe, my good old father was gathered
up, as the preacher says, and on his
dye bed he give me this bee-gum hat,
this gold-headed walkin stick and this
here red plush vest, and he lowed he
wanted me to keep 'em and wear 'em as
he had wore 'em on the evenin of the
last day. So I got 'em out this nmornia
and put 'm on and slipped off down
here to keep the word I give to him
thirty years ago. I didn't prqmise the
old man that I would stay at the house
when I put the things on and I am
monstrous glad I didn't. Somebody
mought come along and see me, and
dcurned if I would be eaught at the
house with these here riggins on for
ten dollars. But the solemcholy days
are here, Rufe, and Christmas will nev
er come for Jordan Biggers any more.
My time will soon be up, Rufe, and the
evenin of the last day is now clost to
hand. Thirty years ago the old man
laid down his hand, quit the game, and
today his kind and lovin words come
rushin down to me through the dim
and distant past, ringin in my ears like
a thousand evenin bells. His bones lie
buried in the graveyard over there at
old Cool Springs Church, which the
same he was one of the mainest pillars
thereof. And here I am in the sad and
solemcholy days. settin out here in the
cool and pleasant autumn winds swee
tened as it were with the perspirin
breath of the last rose of summer, or
words to that extent. And what is
more besides, Rufe, I have got the drap
sy, and I have got it durn bad. Look
at them feet, Rufe. Do you reckon both
of 'em will go in one coffin? If they
won't you must tell the boys to put one
away In a separate box."
By this time the old man had got such
a far away look in his eyes till I felt
kinder restless about him.
"If the evenin of the last day is that
clost to hand, Uncle Jordan," says I,
"it mought be a good notion for you to
kneel in prayer."
"It would never do, Rufe,-it would
never do in creation." says he. "I aint
fitten to approach the throne of grace.
Look at them feet, Rufe. Wouldn't I
cut a nice figger with tlris bee-gum hat
and this gold-headed walkin stick and
this red plush vest on and my feet look
in like a pair of potato banks? Not
me, Rufe,-not now. I am bound to
keep the promise I made to my good old
father on his dyin bed thirty years ago,
but by gollys I aint fitten to approach
the throne of grace with these riggine
on and my feet swelled up as big as the
barn door."
"Too Late to Glt Fitten."
Hence forwards from that time on it
seems like old man Jordan got worse
and more rapid and constant. He would
stop now and then and talk with ne a
little, and presently he would light in
and talk with himself a whole passle.
At last late along in the evenin I got
him in a notion to hobble back to the
house, and when he went to bed he told
me how he believed he wouldn't git up
any more. He hung that bee-gum hat
on the bed post where he could look at
it every minit and then laid down with
the red plush vest on and the gold
headed walkin stick by his side. lie
was right there the next mornin, but
by that time he was goin down hill
mighty fast and it was plum plain to
me that he would beat the sun down
that day. It leaked out amonst the
neighbors somehow that old man Jor
dan Biggers was on his death bed, and
some of them wanted to come and see
him, Deacon Joiner along with the
rest.
"'Keep 'em out, Rufe,-keep 'em out
till the tight is over," says he. "There
is plenty of niggers around here to help
you tend to nae, and the settlement in
general aint got nothin to do with the
case. I know what D)eacon Joiner is up
to. lie thinks I mought want him to
come in and hold a prayer meetin for
me. but the Deacon is dead wrong,
IRufe. 1 aint fitten to approach the
throne of grace myself, but I am not
goin to throw off on D)eacon Joiner.
Hesides that, liufe, you know as well as
1 do that the Deacon will lie like a
tombstone, and for all we know he
mought go and tell the good Lord a
whole pack of lies on me. Keep 'em
out, Rufe. till the filht is over. Un
derstand me. Rufe, I aint got nothin to
say agin prayer meetins in general, and
in iny case it mought be a durn good
idea if we could have one. I ruther
think it would. But bein as I aint fitten
to approach the throne of grace myself
it wouldn't do--it wouldn't begin to
do."
"You are plum right with regards to
one thing, Uncle.Jordan," says i. "'The
evening of the last day is lhere."
"I knowed that. Rufe,--knowed it
good and and well," says he.
"Wheredo you fvant to be buried
Uncle Jordan, over to old Cool Springs
church ?" says I.
"Never, Rufe,-never in creation,"
says he. "You know durned well,
Rufe, that I aint fitten to be buried up
there along with my good old fath
and mother and amongst all them go
Christian people.. I aint fitten andit is
most too late now I reckon, to git fitten.
I didn't go to C'ool Springs church when
I was well and "strong and healthy in
the flesh, and by the sun, moon anl
stars I don't want to go pokin up there
feet foremost after I am dead. It
wouldn't look right, .ufe,-it wouldn't
look right. Jest you and the niggers
knock up a box big enough to hold bth
of them feet and bury me down there
in the orchard. That wouldn't do for
anybody else. It wouldn't do for Bill
Smith and it wou$dn't do for you, but
it is plenty good enough for a man by
the name of Jordan Biggers.
When the sun went down on the fol
lowin day its last remainin-rays fell
aerost a big new grave down there in
the apple orchard, and in that grave we
had buried all that was mortal of old
man Jordan Biggers, with both feet,
bee-gum hat, gold-headed walkin stick,
red plush vest and all. And with him,
so far as anybody knows, the whole en
tie iggers generation passed awvay
from the face of the earth.
RUsru SAaso-s.
Lo never seaksin a foreign iagusg
-BRase's Hfolrn
TM 145w:_-WOMAN.
ts =ts :;eau r Se aEase it she Ceatsse.
stway to Eswal-3Man.
If the human race is to endure, and
if clvilisation is to advance, the rela
tions betwieen the sexes must not' per
manently be relations of rivalry. Men
and women were not made to struggle
with one another for the advantages of
life, but mtaually to aid one another
in reapig those advantages. That
"sweet love"`of which the poet speaks
is given as the reward of right rela
tions between man and woman; and,
where other guidance is lacking, we
may profitably ask whether any given
line of conduct tends to the gaining or
the sacriflcing of that reward. If to
the former, then it may safely be said
to be right conduct; if to the latter,
wrong.
What it is clear that man has to do
in these later days is to frame to him
self a higher and completer ideal of
manhood than he has hitherto on the
whole entertained, and try to live up
to it. The awakened womanhood of
the age-when allowance has been
made for all that is hysterical and mor
bid and heartless 4n contemporary
feminine utterances - summons him
most clearly and distinctly to walk
henceforth on higher levels in the
strength of a nobler self-control. Then
he has to recognize in the fullest
sense, without a particle of reserva
tion, that he has in woman not a
weaker shadow of himself, not a re
flection of his glory nor a minister to
his pleasures, but a divinely bestowed
helpmeet, to whom special powers and
faculties have been imparted for the in
terpretation of truth and the beautify
ing of life.
" The ancient Germans, Tacitus tells
us, used to recognize a certain Divine
power of intuition in their women, and
if they did it was probably not with
out cause. The phenomenon is not an
extinct one in our own day, and we
venture to say that its frequency will
wax or wane according to the respect
paid not by man only, but by woman
herself, to all in-her nature that is
most distinctive of womanhood. It is
far from certain that woman always
recognizes what her own best gifts are;
and there is, in our opinion, a specific
danger lest, in her new-born zeal for a
masculine equipment of knowledge.
she relegate to an inferior place that
native truth of perception which is of
more importance, we may almost say,
than all formal knowledge.-Popular
Science Monthly.
THE SIZE OF ATOMS.
SThey Can Not Be Discovered By the Nakea
Eye.
Science informs us that all bodies
are composed of atoms and molecules,
atoms being the smallest particles into
which matter in general can be divided,
and molecules the smallest particles
into which any particular body can be
divided without losing its identity.
For instance, the smallest particles of
salt which are able to retain the prop
erties of salt are molecules, but such
molecules may be split up into parti
cles composed of sodium and particles
composed of chlorine, and these ele
mentary particles, which can not again
be divided, are atoms.
But no one has ever been able to see,
or distinguish, a molecule or an atom.
Yet the possibility of their being ren
dered visible has more than once been
discussed. Only a short time ago such
a discussion occurred at a meeting of
the Physical society in London, and
reasons were then shown for believing
that molecules are not indefinitely
small in comparison with the wave
length of light, which averages some
thing like one-fifty-thousandth of an
inch.
Ten or eleven years ago Sir William
Thomson, now Lord Kelvin, investi
gated the question of the -ctual size of
I atoms and molecules, and came to the
-onclusion that, at the largest, they
might be one-twenty-five-millionth of
an inch in diameter! That would make
them so small that five hundred could
tie in a row within the length of a
wave df light.
It is difficult to imagine that parti
*les so minute should ever be rendered
Sisible to human eyes, and yet, as has
;ust been remarked, the possibility of
seeing them is occasionally discussed
of men of science.
But if such a feat of seeing ever is
performed, it will certainly prove to
be something more than a mere grati
fication of curiosity. Many of the most
recondite questions in science would
be suddenly illuminated by the discov
ary of a means of watching an atom as
we can now watch a rotifer under the
microscope.-Youth's Companion.
THE CRITIC.
Eie Wa guulekh to see tLie ne TIing Lackh
Ing In a Noble Iecd.
Reware of the habit of petty criti
cism. If it takes possession of you it
will make you disagreeable, uncomfor
table and a laughing-stock. Such was
the lamentable case of Cyrus Small.
Hils time was largely spent in discov
ering the faults and shortcomings of
things animate and inanimate, while
Mrs. Small, as it seemed, was equatlly
vigilant in attempting to bring for
ward sometlhing of which she could
say: "There! you can't pick any flaws
in that!"
Once sihe thought this happiness
would be hers. A certain man in the
town inherited large wealth under pe
culiar circumstances. It was his un
der the law, but when the court award
ed it to him he stood up and said that,
in view of all the facts in the case, ihe
believed that the property belonged of
right to another heir. llis action was
generally looked upon as a noble one.
Mrs. Small was loud in her expres
sions of praise.
"Yes, I know," said her husband;
"'twas a fine thing. Few men would
have done it; and that's why he felt so
awkward to stand up there and say
what he did. He showed that hlie felt
embarrassed by the way he stood."
"Cyrus Small! I should hope you
wouldn't find fault with his attitude
when he was doing such a grand
thing."'
"Oh, no, I have no wish to criticise."
saidt Cyrus; "but if I had been on the
platform, facing all those people, I
should have tried to toe out a little
more."-Youth's Companion.
Commerela Value of the Heart.
"I am not rich," he said, "but if the
devotion of a true and tender heart
goes for anything with you, dear
Clara-"
"It goes well enough with me, Mir.
Spoonhill," interrupted the fair maiden,
with a pensive look on her sweet face.
But how will it go with the buteher
the be.ker, the gr'ocer? Those people
must be considered, you know."-Boa
to home JournaL
The best baking powder made is,
as shown by analysis, the Royal.
Com'r of Healtk. New- York City.
'Mae. ALasnow bas just returned from
her trip abroad." Mrs. Catchon-"Poor
dear, it mast have been terribly dll for her,
livlng with the house closed all summer."
Inter Ocean.
Ir's funny, but a speaking countenance is
most expressive when the mouth is shut.
Yonkers Gazette.
Ha-"Oh, I'm not so big a fool as you
think." She-"Of course not; that were
imposaible."-Boston Transcript.
THAvaRL ALL Oxa WA~V.-There is a doctor
at one end and a cemetery at the other end
of one of the street car lines.-Topecs State
Journal.
LAwYEr (angrily)--"Are you sure you
are telling the trutht'? Witness-"Be
bers, you wudn't be so hot about it if 01
wasn't."-N. Y. Weekly.
"Ma. Wanxan is from Chicago, Isn't he?"
Madge-"I guess not, dear. I'm told every
time he opens his mouth he puts his foot in
it."-Ilater Ocean.
CrzIm-"Here's some of the fresh cracked
wheat. Would you like a package of it?"
Mrs. Newcash- 'Young man, when I want
damaged goods I'll let you inow."-Inter
Ocean.
"DID you make abit with that red tennis
blazer of yours down on the farm?" "Did
I It struck the bull's eye the first time I
wore it."-Indianapolis Journal.
"W Eza she jilted you did you declare to
her that you could never love anotheri"
"Oh, yes I didn't forget my manners en
tirely."-Puck.
EE--'I hear Miss Oldglrl is going to
marry Tommy 8mall." She-"Is that sol
I wonder it he knows itt"--8mith, Gray S
Co.'s Monthly.
Ax exchange announced on the death of
a lady, "that she lived fifty years with her
husband, and died in the confident hope of
a better life."-Texas Siftings.
"WHO pulled that bell.cordi" asked the
street car conductor. "I did." answered a
pammnger. "'What did you r-lng both ends
forl" "LBecause I wantedbothe nds to stop."
-Philadelphia Record.
ITOTHERS
and those about to
become mothers,
should know that
Dr. Pierce's Fa
vorite Prescription
robs childbirth of
its torture, terrors
Sand dangers to
both mother and
child, by aiding Nature in preparing the
system r parturition. Thereby "labor"
and also the period of confinement are
greatly shortened. It also promotes an
abundant secretion of nourishment for
the child. During pregnancy, it pre
vents " morning stickness" and those
distressing nervous symptoms from
which so many suffer.
Tanks, Collie Co., Texas.
Da. R. V. PIERCE, Buffalo, N. Y.:
Dear Sir-I took your "Favorite Pre
scription " previous to confinenment and
never did so well in mry life. It is only
two weeks since my con finemlent and I am
able to do my work. I feel stronger than I
ever did in six weeks before.
Yours truly,
A MOTHER'S EXPERIENCE.
South Bend. Paci/fi Co., Iash.
DR. R. V. PIERCE, Buffalo, N. Y.:
Dear Sir--I began taking your "Favor
ite Prescription " the first month of preg
nancy, and have con
tinued taking it since
confinement. I did not
experience tile unusea
or any of the ailmnents
due to pregnancy, after
I began taking your
"Prescription." I was
only in labor a short
time, and the physician '
said I got along un
usually well.
We think it saved me MRs. IAKaX.
a great deal of suffering. I was troubled a
great deal with leucorrhea also, and it has
done a world of good for ine.
Yours truly,
MRS. W. C. BAKER.
arampn0a W ".-AMOleT
Comes Every Week. For all the Family. Fiaely llustrated. $1.7s a Tear.
The Full P'rospectus for 1895 (sent free to every applicant) gives abundant evidence of the variety, interest and
value of the contents of the sixty-ninth volume of Ti YOUTH'S COMPANION. The following titles
of articles and names of Contributors suggest a few of its many attractions.
Contributors for 1895.
Mr. Gladstone has written a striking paper of reminiscences of his lifelong friend and physician,
Sir Andrew Clark.
Two Daughters of Queen Victoria,. I The Princess Christian, of Schleswig-Holstein.
The Princess LouIse (Marchioness of Lorne).
The Story of My First Voyage, W. Clark Russell.
A School Revisited, James Matthew Barrie.
The Bold 'Prentice, The Story of a Locomotive Engineer, Rudyard KIpling.
How to Tell a Story, Mark Twain.
An Editor's Relations with Young Authors, William Dean Howells.
And Articles and Stories by more than a hundred other well-known writers.
Serial Stories. Health and Home Articles.
The Lottery Ticket, J. T. Trowbridge. Self-Cure of Wakefulness, Dr. W. A. Hammond.
The Young Boss, Edward W. Thonison. The Cellar, Dr. W. C. Brasln.
A Girl of the Revolution, Dorothy Nelson. Dresses for Children, Louise )lanvllle'enn.
C. H. Thompson, Warren L. Wattis, and others. Help for Consumnptives, Dr. Harold Ernst.
Favorite Features for 2895.
Short Stories; Adventure Stories; Travellers' Tales; Anecdotes of Noted People; Life in Foreign
Schools; Papers on Art and Artists; Articles on Science, Natural History and  ene; Papers by
American Admirals; Opportunities for Bo~s; Football, Fishing and Cam in i;oa Poe.s;
Selections; Children's Page; Fine Illustrations; Most Wholesome Reading for all the Family.
dTHIS PFREE To JANUARY 1, 1895. W TH
Addrese TH YOUTHI'S COMPANION, SUet.., Mass.
Lucy (single)-"Do you think it is wicked
to smoke, dearl" Fanny (married)-"No,
dear, I'm sure it isn't." Lncy-"Why are
you so suret" Fanny-"Because my hus
band doesn't smoke, and if it was wicked
I'm sure he would do it."-Half-Holiday.
Nouse enters the door of professor's
study--"I am happy to tell you, professor, a
little son has just arrived."' Professor
(looking up abstractedly from his book)
"'Ehl Oh, just ask him to wait in the ante
room a minute, please."--Tit-Bits.
"MRS. BANGLU is perfectly devoted to her
children." Mrs. Slasher-"How verysad P'
"B'ad How do you make that out?" Mrs.
Slasher-"Why, her poor darling Fido must
be dead.-Inter Ocean.
"No, as doesn't love me," she sighed, as
she listened to the receding footsteps of the
youth who had just parted from her "No,
heno doesn't love me. He said good night
onl fourtimes before going."-N. Y. Press.
Casca Colds and Bronchitis with Hale's
Honey of Horehound and Tar.
Pike's Toothache Drops Cure in one minute.
TuH real duty is neglected when we step
over one duty to perform another.-am's
Horn.
mall's Cstarrh Car
Is taken internally Price 75c.
We need TWENTY or MORBE original and
striking designs for Newspaper Advertise
ments of CLAIRETTE SOAP. The mane
facturer.. The N. K. Fairbank Company, an
S thorize us to pay TEN DIOLLARS EACH for
approved drawings with appropriate read
in g; or SS.oo each for designs or readilng met
ter only. This offer is open to alL The com
petition will close December 1. As soon as
possible after that date we will pay for accept
ed designs and return the others. Remember,
VVe for complete, acoeptable advertisements we
pay
Pay $10 Each
Dlrectieos.--Make drawings with black ink
on heavy white paper, or card board. Do the
work inontline Elaborate shading will not
print well. Spacein papers will be fourinehes
square. Draw to largerscale if you prefer, but
have design square. The ideals most a mper
tant. Ifthatlsgood we can have tredrawn
and still give you credit. Avoid poetry. Get
n anad.thatwouldmake you buythearticle.
Polats.---CLAIRETT is a pure, high-grade
Soap-made for laundry and general house
holduse--a fvorite wherever known. ferits
generous praise. Sold by all grocers, whole
sale and retail.
Do your best. and send results promptly.
Address (only)
N. W. AYER & SON,
Newspaper Advertising Agents,
PHILADELPHIA.
Worn-Out Lands
quickly restored to fertility by the use of fertilizers containing
A High Per Cent. of Potash.
Full description of how and why in our pamphlets.
They are sent free. It will cost you nothing to read them. and they will save you
dollars. GERMAN KALI WORKS. 93 Nassau Street, New York.
THE POT INSULTED THE KETTLE BECAUSE
THE COOK HAD NOT USED
SAPOLIO
GOOD COOKING DEMANDS CLEANLINESS.
SAPOLIOSHOULD BE USED IN EVERY KITCHEN.
BE IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS. Bt 1UT'L WREAITOEF
dropp off of leave. ui- Tacked on the Wall.
ecelIed for Christmas
Deeoratlonas. ize lIbsx30 W:Ask yourloraldeal
inches. Price, 10 cents. er to procure some of
Three styles: tihe Windsor Christm
"MERRY CHRISTMAS"t w MERRY C
"CHNRISTMAS2 a NEW WINDSOR CO.,
EAR'S GREETINGS" North Adams, Mass.
WALTER BAKER &i'0.
PURI, MIIH ORADi
eOAS AND IMTE
HIEST AWAM~
Iduastrial alif Fe
EXPOSITI S'
In Europe an America.
camecata um mmsinsoqt.
SIn OROERi IVItYWNHERLt
WALTER uAKE& O. 0OUCNESlTER,t.IU.
TULU SOL COLEMA.
TULU P,.. Memphis, Trnm.
NU L 4IUaI,,T Uo i, ' ý'.55..tk a I
Aakswdour b...1 . in.i. Car.. .1o.1 . oa. /rtp"pa
A. N. K., F. 1524
wnar warWRaI S 2e AvlIsRrs s P sus
.r haS* wa w * r* Adwetlr...... n sIr
seem.