~~i~ ~r-~. .Ak~C~;rB;i~Ylrricui~k~lln86"s~;es~?l~,~ :a:L L;~;UY~I?· ·~?~PC~mllC·~(f~!;~·I ... I~·Y~e~l
i·l
'·" 1T--"-:i9"A~
5·
.·~. :::~ :~~tj 1 .·.·:
Z~
3: -r
''' ·r.-~·
i- U
~· ~k
·r
~· , ·- . 1 /;· .·' ·' ~. ~-~~`'I~ ' -~~·.tT~- CE·:·- :~I~_~?~?CL~·_~-I·.,i~;_
JIL;~.
·a··: fC:T I i
,i·r~ r·." 1;·
~·" ' · ·t·
~~F~ef~;.-Ili ;··, -I' m-~.·
r 1 3~S~il:
;;·:9
Tii ~-'- " L
.0·;··i LAFAYE'IPTE=, Ln.,
L3qT~3BDAY, ·FIEBRUABY 10, 1894.
.e: ·-·.i 1:·;·:· ··.~.;r- ... i'
.
7·1 J-~ii;l· L~·~ Cldlit -C'~ih) ·LI~~ C .I; . ;I
~~ICyp:l·cc~is~:,, .e .. ih n ne ~1.~ 1 ~ 1·-····1---1
Srent: . b
am aln witali
boys' ears with Whrily
tofrebel at 'the
ears; -whose oobfn ed
' =a uý e- to give -f.ah a
-rwont to have; in Cam
latest vag -- owing
S- er alihbe was able to
7er U WCas the charter
uatI e_ schooner. 'With
blrc Carib, he waP9 now
Moosquito phore of Hon
Er Cabi Giatci s a
h etpecited to catch a
4bound teamer.
4 tforthe delights of civili
e;e,. and felt that, after alI.
anal pleasures of tennim,
sd .dancing at Bar harbor
hap. preferable to the un
oys of mule back and huinting
iof Central America.
fLor what remained of it,
yand battered, but the hard
' c had wrought/Ahis change
, 'iq'ipedimenta" had, been vastly
l to the owner in hardening
and broadening his shoul
SBones things had not gone so
nlmost steady diet of bananas
hbin thin, and betryeen the
nd garr'patas very, little of
;id isoy eoa.;was left, save in shred
`.'Its. too Imd, thones.fold follow; they
h.v't left you ivusc hair," said
,:;.titers. ""*Nev>nind, your troables
-.li soon be over. I say, Ossorioo'5 turn
~hi twfrathfuln upon the Carib"aptain.
`qlsat -is -. ta beastly, oldn-country of
7 ' .ars-.o4,'for, anyway.- [ haven't had
a. .deeei "tadventure or. 'seen anything
4++tO'elli ng, in the 'dolo length and
' tl of it!"
Y haven't seey him all, Buckra."
replied the Carib, astplendid specimen of
tat race iof semir rijilized black smug
Ca dart,. along the Caribbean
ti .their rsvift dories.
';~ o-fiyon'r s," Ite continued, point
ing~ toward Ahewest, "is de lan' ub de
-ftkaia P'Amty fun dire; but white man
no sIbiezW/mn. No white men dere, not
e`ben ,dtanish man, only Waikas,
33.u.c'.rq, only Vaikas."
"*Arhaps you're right, Ossorio, about
-:t~plenty fun. At any rate, I'll have
-* mcother try at amusement before I cut
ohe country; so put about and make for
isome river you think your friends, the
a- lWasl , may live nenr."
Soon they were sailing.along the low
sandy coast which lay to the left, and
as they -rounded a little cape Struthers
cried out; "'Look. there's the mouth of
the river."
"I see him," answered the Carib,
'kals.e we put in dere. I tink me,
pi'(ps, see Waika town soon by."
-'1he Carib's supposition was correct,
for the schooner was soon near enough
for-them to perceive the high-peaked
'thatched' roofs and bamboo walls of
.the untivethouses nestling among the
w.aa .i. palms and plumy cocoanut
tre7 which lined the river bank.
Sb..'e schooner was over the bar and
Sab-east of the village before the na
't r es were aware of their presence.
.. hen they came running and jump
ing down to the river bank like so
many children, in high glee ove- the
arrival of strangers and the possibility
'of beads, and perhaps a little rum.
The landing was soon made, and
the Carib, polyglot that he was,
acted as interpreter in presenting
Struthers to the old chief, Dams Pisano,
who ati once bid the strangers welcome
and -onducted them to his watl a, or
hosse.'
' `nstalled in a wide hammock within
the semi-darkness of the watla, and
a large gourd of cool pineapple mishla
at his side, Struthers forgot his discon
tent. and asked many questions of
SoLno through the Carib.
.e learned that the music they had
-bsid wasa part of the ceremony attend
sit.hupon ,the death of an old sukia or
'edicine man," whose funeral was to
e a on the following day.
'o',zrioW, at first sun up, de
begins: Damsa Pisano asks you
to see him-better you do
it 'muse you," said the Carib,
asions sarcasm.
ta~ e the next morning he was
u . -euly aroused by the rattle of. mus
oeowed by doleful howls and
out of the watl.o, where he
the night, he saw a large pit- 1
. igonlt) coming slowly down the
e& wle on the bank abreast of it
two columns of WVaikas, the
+nitting one column, the wom
e ],pitpran was the dead medicine
a threei widows and a solitary
Piiptpan made a landing, and the
,ollowed by the crowd of silept
Wtas carried along a narrow
n space of the burial ground
~a midst of the great jungle-- 1
'&*ls of light surrounded by
bi darkness.
tway madi6 for Btruthers, Os
eaae anid at asignal from 1
i. orwd fell back, the new
rward and the ee- *
Io ~ the swathed body, (
in a low, ripid matu r
.ossand recount the t
-edead mash ;one by
t tthe ground "
TItled .platmea Ousorio, was. t -
n !ghRb jrn : aw amy evil spirits -'wh-I
midht astespt'to (test the body.
The dead:nmn's e"atire kit of 'wesp
Qas" mad; -j bench of plantains, wa-
pladed.iathe coffan with him, to pro
teetmand feed him on his- long journey
LI the liad ofieverlaang felicity.
Againthe w-aurmred wail began
and contina Iait1 reached a fre -.,
zied p&teb. Fater- beat e the.deumrn
faster whirled' the women about.,
open grave in a4 vild ecstatic dance, un- 1
til, weak and dizzy, they sank to the
ground, squiruing and, clntching ait
Sthe grass about. them, while-the inam
Micked from -their mouths 'as from
rabid animals.
Once more Uilence fell upon the as -
sembled crowd. The al;ia stepped to
the grave and with, anil machete dis- 1
patched three degs "nd a cat which were 1
to bear the.. dean'man company on his 1
journey.
"I say, &isorio, this is horrible-it's
voodoosra-let's go," muttered Struth
ers.
"'les, Btickra, obeahk a' voodoo; de
Walkas long time come 'from Africa
dey still keep up er r'ligion ob.iler
faders. But make me wait;, h stop
now, e dey do aomething else," added
the Carib, as the natives awayed back.
The crowd partgd and two hideous
olaa-hag stepped into the open, drag
ging between them a trembling young
native girl, who cast terrified glances
before~A er.
-ame to whip such a nice little
girF. " murmured the Carib.
'Vhat do you mean-who is going to
whip her, and for what reashon?" de
manded Struthers
"Doe Waika man tell me de dead
sakia's her fader," answered the Carib.
'"Waika always whip de 'lationa of de
Glead man at de fun'ral; maybe she do
something when he live he no whip her
for-dey whip her now for shush."
Hardly lad the Carib spoken, when a 1
brawny Walks buck stepped forward
with a heavy manatee whip, which
flashed through the air down upon the
girt's shrinking shoulders, and left a
long red welt of tortured flesh.
A shriek burst from the girl and she
writhed and twisted vainly to escape -
from the clutches of the hags who held c
her. -
"Look out, Ossorio. I can't stand "'
this," gasped Struthers. "I'm going to
stop it!" a
But the faithful Bones, who had d
crouched till then at Struthers' feet, i]
relieved them from all further respon- o
sibility, for, as the Waika raised his a
arm for the second lash, Bones, at a o
whispered word from Struthers, gave a v
low growl, and, gathering himself to- r
gether, made one of his famous jumps o
and launched his forty odd pounds of s5
bone and muscle straight at the execu- g
tioner's breast. y
It was all so sudden that the Wailks f
was down, with Bones at his throat, C
before the assembled crowd realiztjd 5]
what had happened. h
Then, with fierce yells, machetes '
were drawn and the men made a rush 1i
at Bones.
Struthers and Ossorio were before l4
them, however, the former vowing lie 1l
would shoot the first man who touched a
the dog. s1
Bones, obedient to his master'sacom- ri
nand, released the Waika, who., stag
gering to his fet. rushed to the, grave
and, seizing from beside it a loaded
musket, raised it to take aim at-Struth
ers.
Before he could fire, a knife thrown
by the Carib pierced his right arm,.
which fell limp at his side.
To make a stand against such over
whelming numbers was madness, so
the two men dashed into the trail be
bind them, hot pursued by the shriek
ing, maddened mob of Waikas.
On and on they, dashed, till they were D
breathless, till their hearts beat against
their breasts, as though they would m
burst through. '*ith every step their Y'
pursuers seemed to-gain, and Struthers tl
was about to give up in despair When a
glimmer in the heavy shads ahead re- Y'
vealed the river.
They crashed out into the open, and St
in an instant had jumped -into the pit- T
pan, which had recently borne the
corpse of the sukia, andwivere well out sc
into the river when the, angry WVaikas g,
emerged from the forests.' a
The yells of the disaippointed nativeA la
spurred them to swifter paddling, and
they were on the sclsooner's deck be- in m
fore the Waikas could, launch another tU
dugout. lip
The Walkas were. too cautious to se
risk an immediate attack, but soon had
a dozen pitpans manned and armed. as
"0, for a breeze," cried Struthers, "to cc
take us out over the bar and away from ca
these heathens!" w
But no breeze came,,though the an
chor was catted and all sail set ready m
for the wind.Z
On came the WValcas, the war drums
beating, the gourds rattling, and the la
men yelling like demons.
Suddenly, amid the pandemonium er
raised by the 1Vaikas. came aounds of e
rasping and creaking overheads 'The vi
Carnb looked anxiously aloft from his o,
place under the bulwarks and gave a i
cry of gladness.
Hardly lhad he spoken when a shout
of anger came from the Waicas. Struth- X
ers, raising his head above the taft- ea
rail, saw the pitpans slowly falling th
behind, while the freshening breeze B
carried them faster and faster toward
the open sea.
For a long time he watched the re- ge
ceding canoes until they were but
specks far stern. Finally the Carib A
touched his, shoulder.
"Bucka," mrid Ossorio. "we are out at
sea now. Which way must I head de
dory? You waiit to make for Cabo t
Oracios an' de home steamer, or you in
nink-you want to hab some more 'ven- or
tures?"
Struthers turned slowly upon the it
questionePr bhe looked firstatthb peace
ful -Boneos, who was slumberlag bliss- th
tally 6n a coil of ropo, 'then at the fad- th
ing adore line, and replied with a little se
dj !PERSONAL AND LITERARY.
.-- e aistory of the World's air,"
a- ipsIal publication, is in course of
pr=- ration underthe direction of a
r ecoamittee, of which President' Palmer
imehairman. It,will be a most volumi
: ons work, and will set forth every de
" i yerl i connection with the exposition.
S-One of the many stories about
g late Dr. Jowett, of BallioL Is tha
t. young man once obearved to him ia
.' they started ona walk: "It is a 4We
Sday, a, . -A half an hour after t~e pro
I- teees Uoke his silence bSr saying:
e '"LMalt 'was a very tfetos'h remark of
I $ttirs, sir. Good aru-ning."
0 --Sir Thomas Esmond, M. P.. is con
a ducting a esocsade sgainst the English
language in County Cork, Ireland. The ,
effort is to make the e glith IaAighag,
Sunpopular, and with this end Ih 'vitr
Sir Thoois end a score of otW~b Ia
: triots who own their o*W carts are
I having their names *htb addresses writ
ten in Irish onta' hn the vehicles.
i -Heiutbrth the signature on the
notes c-. the Bank of England will be
"Hi-ace C. Bowen," who has been ap
"tiointed cashier of the world-famed in
stitution, in succession to TB May, who
held- that office for a geneaatioes
and whose signature has appealedt on
all the bank notes that hsa, been is
sued by the "Old ieIy of Thread
needle Street" for the last twenty
years.
- -An extract taken from Hans Blum's i
!fortheoming book, "The German Em- a
pire in Bismarck's Day," has caused a
nensation in Prussia. It.dealswith-the
dismissal of Bismarck from the chan' 1
cellorship by the present emperor. It 1
assigns as the reason that the emperor i
requested Bismarck to account to him
every night concerning the people who i
had visited him during the day, and
this the chancellor refused to do.
-Willard Sanlsbury, who has i
wedded MIrs. Du Pont at Wilmington, 1
looks like his father, the late chancel- I
lor, and has inherited the family taste
for politics. His wife's father, Vidct '
Du Pont, was Mr. Saulsbury's precep- e
tor in law. The Di Pont family is i
now a very large one, and reputed to
be of great wealth. Most of them live a
in country homes near the powder I
works on the edge of Wilmington, and t
many are financially interested in the s
works.
-It is among the modest ambitions t
of Julia Marlowe to have, before she a
dies, the most complete Shakespeariana a
in the world. She already has several 1
of the plays in rare quarto editions, I
and a fac simile of the celebrated folio a
of 1623. She has a model of the house
where Shakespeare was born, an exact t
rep, oduction of his water jug, a piece d
of the famous mulberry tree, souvenir c
spoons, pen aind ink sketches, photo
graphs and pictures of all kinds. Very d
year she maless a pilgrimage to Strat- c
ford-on-Avon. Last summer she se- e
cured a new treasure for her Shake- I
speare museums It is an exact copy of
his chair. The original is in the pos- v
session of Sir Henry Armytage, who f
lives in the county where Shakespeare
was born. Miss Marlowe presented
letters to him, which induced him to A
let her see and exit in the sacred chair,
and even to hatve it copied. It is a
small, square, stiff oak arm-chair, with o
rude carving on it.
HUMIVOROUS.
-A Remarkable Change.-"Colonel, I
what are you taking this morning."
"Cold, sir-cold!"-Detroit Free Press. c
-New Girl.--"What does your papa a
like for his breakfast?" Little Mabel
-"He always likes most anything we a
hasn't got."
-Of Course-Joe--"I filled a royal n
flush last night on a draw." Tom- t
"And emptied the crowd, I presume?" b
Detroit Free Press.
-He (indigpantly)-"I hope I know fi
my own mind!" She (sweetly)--yyes, t
you surely ought to know as much as f<
that."-Boston Transcript. a
-He-"I shall have to go. I hope. n
you will have a pleasant evening." She
"Oh, I'm greatly obliged to you! I am
sure to have a pleasant time."-Boston 'se
Transcript. 'si
-Robinson-"I hear you and Jack- m
son have broken."' Jefferson-"Yes; I fE
got tired of him. He had no sense. He di
agreed with everything I said."-Cleve- y.
land Plaindealer. It
-"One of the differences between ft
myself and Mr. Vanderbilt," remarked si
the philosopher, "is that he is a mil- w
lionaire, while I have ne'er a mill, m
see?"-Indianapolis Journal. ti
-George-"Is it tfue that a graduate cc
soon forgets what he has learned at dl
college?" Gus-"'No. sir; it is not. I a
can play football just as well now as d
when I was at Yale." Pa
-"Cholly inherited a good deal of le
money from his parents." .Yes. But lo
not much in the way of brains."
"That's true. They left him all dol
lars and no sense."-vWashington Star. a
-A mouse lately showed great pres- dr
ence of mind on falling into a dish of
cream. It swam round and round dc
violently, until it was able to crawl
out on the butter. This was in Amer- w
ica.-Tit-Bits.
-Greene Gates-"Is your son suc
ceeding well at college?" MIacon Mc
Donough--"Splendidly; he has had his go
ear chewed off, his nose broken and
three ribs cracked so rar this falL"- eg
Brooklyn Eagle. to
-"My friend," said the solemn old
gentleman, "'to what end has your
life-work been directed?" "'To the i
head end," murmured the barber.
And then silence fairly poured. It
didn't merely reign. n
-"There," said the tough achool-boy
to the good one as he finished pound
ing him for carrying tales to the teach
er, "if anybody happens ter ask yer
w'at a telling 'effect is ver kin explain cl
it now."-lBuffalo Courier.
-"And when you told her she was th
the prettiest woman in the world, you wa
think she believed you?" "Oh, dear,
eo. Had she believed me, she never
coamld have any regard for my intellect, du
85knewL I was 4ly inasad a·l klew.. he
AL - Tess/sfos"tia Ci aný or baoy' Dr
I' E OiR 's SECRET.l
S£ Vaib. -
a At. the comnimineement dinner of one
ir of the New Ea~iaid colleges the gov
SI ernor of the state usually makes the
. first speech.
_. One year this.lunctiin was awaited
with much curiosity. The governor,
who "was a successful business man,
Sad& been in office only a few weeks
! He had made his way in the world
Swithout the advantages of early edu
cation. A poor office-boy, starting with'
Itwo or three years in a distriot sehroio
he had become a wealthy Mwa'bifac.
turer. Politieal Mstivc'TOn had finally
i crowned his ble 6 s career. Some of
i* hi1E rp eWeors in office had been col
a% 'i . accustomed to these academic
'dewasions. His own reputation as an
orator had yet to be made.
There was an undertone of comment
at the tables respecting the chances of
his first appearance as a comtteace
ment speaker. Even those Who knew
a him well forecast* h,1katilating failure.
SHow .gre t fa their astonishment
Swhen the ,'Vernor arose without a
bttraie d embarrassment and made a
SeYist excellent speech.
} His sentences were clear, crisp and t
a not without polish. His manner was
natural, self-possessed and graceful.
Instead of being a hasty and feeble bit
I of improvisation, it was a vigorous
and Well digested argument for popu- I
s lar education, presented with dignity I
- and power,
One of the governor's candid friends
D subsequently said to him, "Nobody
thought that you could make so good a
t speech. When and where have you
r learned the art of oratory?" i
1 The governor's explanation was very
3 simple. When he was an oflice-boy
I fresh from the country; he had joined a
debating club. Although he wai Chit
a matched in education b all the mem
bers,he forced himself to speak,and soon
found that he could hold his ground.
· That uatly practice in debate stood c
hji g"ood stead when -he was called c
upon to speak at the commencement
dinner. C
Nearly all public men have to serve
a rough apprenticeship in oratory.
Public speaking was profoundly dis- t
I tasteful and even painful to Mr. Par- I
nell when he entered parliament. t
Probably he would never have learned t
to speak at all if he had not joined ob- ,
structionists like Mr. Bigger in talk- i
against time when the house was in an a
I uproar, and a mob was howling about s
him so that it did not matter what he e
said or how he said it. 0
That was better discipline for him P
than the critical attention of an 'r- I
derly assembly, since it enabled him to '
overcome constitutional infirmities. 0
Such rough schooling as that is set- t
dom required. Every intelligent youth .
can learn in a debating club to feel at I
ease when on his feet, and to exp ees
his thoughts clearly and forcibly.
WVhen the lesson is well learned, as it
was in the governor's case, it is never
forgotten. -Youth's Companion
THE DINNER TABLE.
Attention to Every Detail Mtakes tts.e Whole tl
Complete. !tl
Everyone can set a table, but every- b
one can not make it look refined, sen- a:
sible and dainty Cheap articles are a
never good investments, but for the a:
table it is better to have inexpensive a:
linen and plenty of bright glass or si
plated silver than none at all. Have a f:
crystal salt-cellar and a silver pepper- tl
box at each place, and let both be so
shiningly clean and bright that they ba
are ornaments to the tableand delights n
to the eye. At this time of year flowers ti
are inexpensive, and late in the after- I
noon on Twenty-third street or Four- tl
teenth street you can get a fine big \1
bunch of chrysanthemums, consisting E
of four or five flowers, for twenty- E
five or thirty cents. Even in E
the morning they can be bought a:
for ten cents apiece. Flowers are to
always a charming addition to a din- la
ncr table. Inexpensive china which is w
(gt chipped or cracked is much more n.
tsbe admired than "wedding present" le
sets which have gone through long
Ssieges of M[ary Jane's banging, slam- K
ming style of dish washing. Have 1,
fancy imitation cut-glass glasses and b,
dishes for celery, olives or pickles if ca
you can not afford finer ones, but have -
the proper thing for each article of
food; don't substitute and use make- ii
shifts. It dispels the pretty glamour ce
which should envelope the evening p,
meal as the most ceremonious one of nc
the day. The children should be en- si,
couraged to dress for dinner, and every b
dish should be, if possible, garnished in le
some way-the bread with a fringed hb
doily, the meat with water cress and in
parsley, and the fruit with great green el
leaves, which gives a fresh, country ac
look.-N. Y. Advertiser. h
Could stand It. al
Mr. Binks-What's all that yelling
and racket next door? It's enough to
drive folks crazy. Close the windows.
Mrs. Binks-It's that woman nextt
door thrashing her boys
Mr. finks-Oh! Open thf windows h
widcr.--Good News.
Indeed she Wa. hi
Ikey-Vat you' t'ink of ze story of ze
goose zat laid ze golten egg?
Yakey-I t'ink zat if she knew her
egg vas golten she yas an awful goose
to go and lay it.--Truth.
Little Time to Choe.
Rev. Dr. Primrose-That's ia fine en
bird yon have. a
Uncle 'Rastus-'Tis, sah; cunsidder
in' dat I picked him out in sech a hr- a
ry.-Judge. at
-Emma Rolland, aged twelve, of
Lyons, N. Y., while laying her wraps
on the bed, felt something cold and v
clammy. It was a black-anake over six p
feet long. The child was so terrified
that she went into convulsions, amd it
was feared she would not reooest
'--ugilst Dobeck, of Olinson, Mass., p
durivlg a diispute with his wife, became eh
heatea wth agrTo co0l himsaelI he ha
wli
SCHOOL -AND CHURCH.
S -Africa has about 210,000,000 souls.
-Bishop Vincent is selected as one
10 of the college preachers for Harvard
0 this year.
o --The Japanese Young Men's Chris
tian association in San Francisco cele
brated. its seventh anniversary re
r' oently.
-It is thought that no less than Oit.
' hundred thousand dollat's hasin Pthid
d the treasuries ct thd Missionary so
e etlen this year from the Christian
hb diavor societies in the churches.
-Kentucky elected eight women as
county school superintendents at the
recent election. One of them is
widow, about forty-five years old, anl
the mother of fourteen childreni, sevddi
.of whom are under ttbti4e .3ai s f fAe.
-The old Shthoilbdy iWho t.old his
t bih .itibs 13! h-6 ioston Schoolboys'
&, scienty at its reunion recently that he
went to school in Boston ninety-two
v years ago was Joseph D. Jones. He is
ninety-seven years old. 1io one can be
a member of the society who has not
been out of school a full half century.
-Salvation Army leaders regard the
present as a most fit time to make a
1 great effort to establish in Chicago a
a system of relief such as has been in
, successful operation in New York,
t London and San Francisco for two
a years and a half. Under it 6,000,000
persons who would otherwise have
gone hungry have been enabled to
feed and to lodge themselves for an
outlay of from ten to fifteen cents
daily, at the same time escaping the
evil of beggary.
-Rev. Robert Redpsth, the oldest
minister of the United Presbyterian
church in England, died at West Ken
sington the other day in the ninety
first year of his age. MIr. Redpath was
SbLorn at Yair Bridge, near Selkirk, in
1803, was baptized by Dr. Lawson, of
Selkirk, who was known as the Chris
tian Socrates, and as a theological stu
dent had for his tutor Prof. John Dick.
of Glasgow. For many years he was
an examiner in the Noncomformist
colleges in and around London.
-From the report of the commis
sioner of Indian affairs, it appears that
Sthe number of pupils enrolled in the
Indian schools is 5,854 greater than
four years ago. The appropriations for
i the present year are a reduction of
8 70,000, and the present commissioners
proposes to reduce them $85,000 more,
apparently to the advantage of the
service. The amount paid to the Prot
estant schools is $80,350 as against $365,
045 to the Roman Catholic. During the
past year 2,040 Indians have received
patents for lands in severalty, 2,1x8
more patents have been granted, an
other 2,000 aro in preparation, and al
most 3,000 more applications are on
file.-United Presbyterian.
THE ENGLISH PROTECTORATE.
ISushire the Sent of tle Resident on the
Persianl Gulf.
Bushire is the capital of the English
protectorate in the Persian gulf. Here I
the resident lives, who may be styled
king of the gulf, and before whom all m
the petty potentates along its shores,be s
they on the Arabian or Persian side, 1
bow down. He has his steam yacht t
and his steam launch provided for him, 1
a British man-of-war is appointed to be c
always in readiness to do his bidding,
and the British residency, with its flag
staff and extensive compounds, is by
far the most conspicuous building in
the town.
Bushire is a truly horrible place,
built at the edge of a spit of sand rin
ning out into the gulf. Its popula
tion is very mongrel, Arabs, Persians,
Ilindoos are all hopelessly mixed up
therein. It has an English bank.
What, with its English residency, 1
English bank, English telegraph 1
English steamers' agents, and
English men - of - war, Bush Ire is
as English as it could be wished. Lawn C
tennis may be seen upon its quays,
ladies may play and ladies may ride s
without incurring more than an ordi- '
nary amount of staring from the mos- a
lems. t
In is confidently asserted that if the
Karoun route is opened out into the v
heart of Persia, Bushire will cease to v
be the seat of the resident, and the d
capital of the Persian gulf protectorate 1
will be removed to Fao or some other p
spot which has not yet got a name. If -
that time ever comes, and Bushire l
ceases to be the chief outlet for the
Persian caravan trade, the place will C
not long survive, for it has no preten- t
sions whatsoever to call itself a bar- q
bor. Big steamers have to anchor at
least two miles off land outside a sand
bar, and if the sea is very rough, land
ing is next to impossible. Bushire d
chances to be the outlet for the roads c
across the Kotals, and if it ceases to be t
tlhat its reason for existence will cease I
als-o.-Fortnightly Review.
A 1light Coreetion. 51
The hurryup drew up to the box, t1
where a policeman held a man who was 9
to be given a free ride. When the offi- a
cer who made the arrest was helping k
the prisoner up the steps of the wagon, 1
one of his brother officers inquired of n
him: a
"A case of intoxication, Tom?" s
The "case" spoke up and said: "No, ii
Mr. Officer; I'm drunk."-Boston Her- '
aid. pi
A Scauvenr of the 7alr.
They had reached that stage of the
engagement where she felt free to
amuse herself by exploring his pockets.
It so happened that he had forgotten ia
to take out a ticket for his watch, ri
and when she found that she immnedi- m
ately wanted to know what it was. in
"That," said he, with as much dig- t4
nity as he could command, "is a son- in
velir of the World's fair."-Indian- at
apllas Journal. p.
-Marion Harland, the authoress,
widely known in church cElrcles as the to
wife of Rev. Edward Payson Terhlune, m
pastor of the Puritan Congregatidnal ow
ohunrch on Lafayette avenue, Brooklyn. ,
haa asaled for a four modtbs'imu of pe
NI OME HINTS AND HELPPS.
La. -Prune Whip: Whites of five eggs.
as beaten stit, three tablespoonfuls sugar,
rd one-nalf pound soaked prunes, cut fine.
Mix, and brown in a hot oven. Make
a- boiled custard of the yolks and one
e- pint of milk, and serve together.
e. Country Gentlemai.
-To tbtilbi Almonds-Rose-Colored.
it Alinbids: Blanch and cut sweet al
Sminonds in small pieces, put them on
o- baking-plate and pour on them a little
in of any vegetable liquid, of an infusion
of cochineal or carmine; then rub them
is in your hands to mix them well with
te the color; when all are done, dry them
on a state of id the oven.-Farm, Field
sad tireside,
a -A nlum pudding is quickly made by
e. crumbling a pound can of pudding
is made by a reliable firm, adding two
c' cups of bread crumbs-soaked in milk,
e a small cup of minced suet, three eggs
.o beaten light, half a cup of sugar and a
is cup of stoned raisins. Turn all these
,e ingredients, after miuing, into a but
t tered mold and boil three hours. -
P, American Agriculturist.
e --Our Favorite Pudding: Bake a
a plain sponge cake in a layer pan. When
a ready for use cut into pieces, and split
n and butter each piece; place in a dish.
c, Make a.custard of four eggs to a quart
o of milk; flavor with vanilla; pour over
0 the cake, and bake about one-half hour.
e A half cup of sherry added to the cus
.o tard improves it. Sweeten custard to
n taste: one cup sugar is eonugh.-De
,s troit Free Press.
e -To tVash Blankets: Take a pint of
soft soap, put into it a tablespoonful of
it powdered borax, pour boiling wate
n upon it until the soap is dissolved, then
i- mix it well in a tub of luke-warm
water, enough to cover the blankets
s well; let them soak for an hour or
n more; occasionally stir but do not rub
of them. After they have been in the
water until it looks like the dirt was
I- out, put them in a tub of clear water
without ringing them, and after soak
s ing and stirring awhile, pass them
,t through the wringer and hang on the
line to dry.-'Yankee Bilade.
-German I'uffs: One pint of milk.
t the yolks of six eggs, five tablespoon
e fuls of flour, one of melted butter, half
Z a teaspoonful of salt. Mix the flour in
r a little of the milk, then add the re
f mainder, the eggs well-beaten, and the
8 salt and butter. Butter muffin-tins
- and half fill them with the batter.
e Bake twenty minutes in quick oven.
Serve on a hot platter and pour over
them a sauce made as follows: Beat the
e whites of the six eggs to a stiff froth,
I gradually beat in a cupful of powdered
B sugar and the juice of one large, or
- twosmall, lemons.-hoston Budget.
-Sewing Campaign. -I take my win
ter evenings to read. I have three
children under five years of age, so I
plan a campaign of sbwing. I do my
vwashing and ironing, sweeping, a lot
of baking, get ready some sold meat,
and begih my sewing Week. I have
dried corn, eatilecl tomatoes, canned
fruit, pudding and milk, and other
quickly-prepared dishes during the
l siege. I use sweet cream instead of
making gravy for potatoes. My hus
band helps to run the machine. I sew
till the floors get pretty dirty, and the
baking is all gone; then I commence
cooking again.-Rural New Yorker.
BREAD-MAKIING MADE EASY.
A New Method Whichl Requires Very Littla
Exertion.
It is one of the fine arts of life to do v
things in some easy and practical fash- J
ion. Who ever invents or devises a way a
to save labor, to do two things with the a
same amount of tax and exertion usual- a
ly required for one. has conferred a t
lasting benefit on mankind. Particu- n
larly is this the case in household af- p
fairs. The difficulty of getting compe
tent help and the burden of domestic t
care seems to increase with every year,
and easy ways to do things are of un- d
speakable value, especially to delicate
women who have everything to look f;
after, and in emergencies must. take up F
the entire labor of the establishment. a
A new idea in bread-making is well s
worth the attention of every woman,
whether she be delicate or care-bur
dened or not. A semi-invalid makes t,
bread without weariness by a simple s
process. Instead of the usual knead
ing and mixing she uses a chopping- n
knife. Sprinkling on a very little
flour, she chops the sponge for five or s,
ten minutes two or three times during v,
the rising process. No kneading is re
quired except just enough to put it in
to shape when it is ready for the pans.
She never uses a bread-board, but
spreads a large cloth-folded over to tl
several thicknesses-on the table, h
covers it thick with flour, and shapes
the bread out on that, taking care that d
no dough sticks to the cloth. With this
chopping process, it is imposible to
handle the dough in an extremely soft
state. This insures more moisture in n
the bread and much longer keeping tc
qualities. Biscuit and other similar b
articles areulade in the same way, the oi
kneading process being almost entire- Ii
-ly dispensed with, nothing more being F
necessary than dexterous handling and gi
a little care that the dough does not a
stick to the cloth. It is a well-under- fa
stood fact that biscuits, to be good, it
must be very soft when put into the tr
pans, and in no other way can this be at
managed as easily as by the method tr
just described. -N. Y. Ledger. p
Aflghan aklng.
ilts of worsted always accumulate je
in a family where much work is car- si
ried on. It is a good thing for some w
member of it to have always an afghan B
in eourse of construction, to which sc
these odds and ends can go. The mak- w
ing is a clear pleasure, it is so simple to
and satisfactory, and there are several .I
patterns that call for many sl des of SI
yarn. An afghan.is in consta t re
quest; not, as once fortheasrriageo but
to keepiat hand when due lies down, to b
make a light covering to thvow over gi
one. 1Vhen all the p.~aterirls were t
bought outright it a de._e Au t as e- -
penssiv a piece of work Aseutithe en.- i
TO PREPAR-E ' -
Usme.,e 5lj.eqws ams se W'
wm S. -re
There are a grat ° Da
s Ing-looking pieces'of mege
, excellent braises and oth
if anyone imagines tliht it
to prepare a tough piece of"h aft
Shas abundance'of fat and
make-up as a prime roast, "sshe.
taken. It requires time and .
to deal with a sinew.y ple~ie
the meat is to be a asecesns,
the greater part of the fat s
sinews must be removed -t t1
all-dlifcult to do this, but :It
patience and a keen-edged
the size of a boning knife.
knife near- the sinew and.
away from the meat on
Continue until all the sinewa'a
moved. A tough piece of round i
much improved by this process.
There are so many sinewe fn
that it had best be used foe
though the patient French oooks '
often take the trouble to prepare
cheap meat for stews. These
they'serve with piquant saucesili
with tomatoes or. mushroom~,
the whole dish takes on a
and is really delightful to eat,."
the meat is deliciously tende
breast of real with its surplus
gristle is not a very promising sua $
in the hands of an inexperienced
l~nt remove the soft bonesve
fully, so as not to waste a prtle
the meat, and remove a large,;
of the fat. Make a well-ftavoed'
fing. If you wish, use abouta
of clear, lean veal, ch Sfe
pounded to a paste th
bread used for this ng o
the old-fashioned dressing of"
crumbs alone. In either case,:e.
small onion and a liberal
of parsley for flavoring and
dressing together with two or r
raw eggs, according to their siae..
Economic cooking of a superior, '
can not be done in slapdish mannuer
fine roast of beef can be coQ
quickly than a breast of veal. l :t ,
costs about three times as much.'"i
veal takes twice as much time.toprsm
pare. Either dish is equally delicioq . };
An epicure might prefer the breast' 
veal, if it was prepared in periftion.
Even a roast must be attendedTo whU
it is cooking, but probably bears;ne'
lect better than almost any other
ice of meat, always providing the_'
was right when it was put in the I. -
It is because of her dainty ratses _
skill in flavoring that the Freae ,'
",ousekeeper excels in her ragontanl i
other rechauffes. She se.sons a haslh' ;`'a
with, as great care as if it were a 'p~"
of choice game. The result tells inat
excellence of the dish. The careles
cook who chops up the debris of metif"s' "
from the last meals without stoppi -
to separate the lean from the fat and %
remove all the bones and any sinews`:.,
is sure to make a failure of her work.'
In all hashes, except corned beef. .
where a little fat is allowable, all fe ..
should be removed and clear lean used.
Look over the meat very carefully. ,
potatoes are used allow about half h:t
quantity there is of meat. The care
taken in this matter will pay in the,.
superior excellence of your dishN.. Y r n
Y. Tribune.
MATTER-OF-FACT.
The Dry Humor of the Picturesque e :
pie of Seotland. "
Some years ago there lived in .Pseth -
Scotland, a man of weak intelec. ,
well-known by his Christian name,
Jamie. One dark night an-aoquai f
ance found Jamie lying at the foot of
an outside stair. "'Is that you, Jamie'?"
asked the acquaintance, in a voioe of:,
the greatest astonishment. '.lAy, "it's
ne," replied Jamie, in a tone of conm
plete resignation.
"Have you fa'en doon the sta ir?" was
the next question?
"Ay! I fell doon; but I was com "
doon, whether or no."
To illustrate further the matter-of-..
factness of the Scottish people; David "
Pryde mentions thaft a company at'" a
artist's house were talking about their
successes and failures.
"Do you find it difficult to sell your
pictures?" said the lady of the house tohe
to an artist who had been perfectly'
silent.
"No," said he, in a slow voice; "'it's-.
no difficult-it's impossible."
A country doctor met one day the
son of a patient of his who had bee:
very ill.
"Well, my lad," said the doctor.:'
"how is your father this morning?," '
"He's deid," replied the boy.
"Dead!" cried the doctor. "Wi'n:
there a medical man beside him-wh
he died?"
"No," answered the lad; "he, J:st
deid hissel'."-Youth's Companion. :
Bomethlagl New Is Sita -
Among cold-weather garmentssa
new skirts of fine felt in d....
colors, elaborately braided ro
bottom with soutache a shade
or in black. Mloreen- skirts,-s u
lined, are both neat and
For wearing with serge ore
gowns of black, brown, gray o
a petticoat to match, silk
faced with canvas at the ede.
it away from the feet adl
trimmed with rows of millta,.
admirable. Flannel-lined -l
trimmed with one or two f4
ply hem-stitched are very
noon wear. Striped or
the best, and the colorsi
jective. A tihla- fanett
site for warmth, espe....
worn instead of the i
Black silk sfirt - aml
to, too, sh-edhdm
will never icnarreI *o