TUNE FINULE WA UNQALIFIE S SS
Many styles have been sold out entirely. Many new goods are coming in each day. Cashmeres, Silks and other fine goods from the Fire Stock (but not really
damaged) will be placed on sale this week. Don't miss this chance.
Ask any one of the hundreds who bought those slightly damaged goods last week to tell you how they were pleased with their purchase.
Our Best Advertisements Are SATISFIED CUSTOMERS,
And We made many a bargain-seeker happy last week. .
S. What we did then, we will do again this week, and will throw in a few extra bargains for Lagniappe.
We Will Mention a Few Items of Interest to the Ladies.
Our figured organdies at 20 cents, 22 cents and 35 cents a yard, are the talk of the town. Our white organdies at 15 cents, 20 cents and 25 cents a yard, are wonders.
Our figured grades at 40 cents, 50 cents and 75 cents are extra double width and cannot be matched at those prices. The beauty of the business is we have the
laces to match.
Laces in every conceivable width. Laces in every conceivable pattern. Laces in every conceivable quality. White Lace, Cream Lace, Butter Lace, Black Lace,
Linen Lace, Cotton Lace, Silk Lace. Whatever you need, be sure of finding it in. our stock. Then we have the ribbons to match the organdies.
We have the largest stock of embroideries ever brought to this section: and can be seen nowhere outside of New Orleans.
Swiss Embroideries Lawn Embroideries, Cambric Embroideries,
" In the Daintiest, Handsomest Designs, at Extremely Low Prices.
IN LADI E ' LINGERI E We have a great many novelties, new tyl
collars and cuffs.
Ladies' Shield Bows, for high collars. Ladies' Chiffon Collarettes in all colors, with dainty ties attached. Ladies' White Pique Boleros made with handsome
embroidery and inserting. These are washable. You should see our silk Shirt-Waists and also those made of new wash materials, with new style collars.
In fact our stock is complete in every line in which ladies are interested. Our assortment is varied and our prices are away below all competition.
A FeW ITCMN$S INTCRCST T MTO
We have just received a large line of Men's Black Sicellian Coats and Vests, and Blue and Brown Linen Suits. Also a variety of Linen Crash Suits for men, at
$2.50 a suit.
Our stock of light weight wool suits at $7.00, $8.00 and $10.00 will cost just $2.50 a suit more at any other place in town or even in New Orleans. Our townsman,
Mr. R. H. Cage, returned last week from New Orleans and bought one of our $7.00 coats and vests, which he found offered at $10.00 in the city.
This is but one of many proofs we can give that our prices are as low and often lower than city prices. Our line of men's straw hats is large, and quality is not
sacrificed to price. In men's furnishing goods we have a line that is seen nowhere else. Price our goods and be convinced that we can save you money.
Nearly one entire side of our mammoth store is devoted to shoes. This insures a variety in styles and prices not found elsewhere. CIVe US a call.
MISTILOT BOS. & O. IBERIA, ,
•UU. NEW IBERIA, LA.2
THE GAZETTE.
.5sabscription Price, : $x Per Year
So. Pac. Schedule.
EAST BOUND.
No. g., Arri's 2:46 a. m., L'ves 2:56 a. m.
No. 17, " 12:20 p. m., " 12:45 p. m.
WEST BOUND.
No. 20. Arri's 1.41 a. in. L'ves 2:41 a. m.
No. 18, "" 3:5 p. m. " 3:35 p. m.
AI EXANDRIA BRANCH.
East bound, No. 73, Arrives 12:10o p. in.
WVest bound, No. 72, Leaves 3:40 p. m.
AT NEW ORLEANS.
Arrives. Leaves.
No. 19 8:20 a. in. No. 20 8:20 p. m.
NIo. 17 6:40 p. m. No. IS 9:00 a. m.
Methodist Church Service.
Preaching at Lafayette on the ist, 2nd
and 4th Sabbaths, at Ii a. m. and 7 p. m.
At Rayne on the 3rd and 5th Sabbaths at
x i o'clock and at night. 4
I. r. Reams, Pastor.
Patronize the railroad boys to
morrow and have a good time.
The new residences of Messrs.
S. R. and C. M. Parkerson are
about completed.
Louis and George Debaillon ar
rived home this week from Jefferson
College. They will spend their va
cation at home.
Miss Pearl Fleming, a charming
young lady of New Orleans, is the
guest of her friend, Mrs. F. H.
Landry, of this town.
The Houma people are prepared
to accommodate a large crowd to
morrow.
Judge Coffey has recovered from
his recent illness.
Dr. and Mrs. Waddlington re
turned to Scott Wednesday, after
spending a couple of weeks at their
former home at Winona, Miss.
Ladles' Club Meeting.
The members of the Five O'clock
Tea Club are requested to meet at
the residence of Mr. J. C. Nickerson
at 5:3o p. m., Wednesday next for
the'purpose of'beibg photographed.
Moss Bros. & Co. report a very
brisk trade in locks, bolts and
other door and window fastenings,
following the visit of the house
burglars in Lafayette a few nights
Ag6.
Traban & Doucet have fitted up
their elegant new soda-water stand
and are selling some delicious sum
mer drinks.
Leon Couvillon, one of the in
dustrious young farmers from
Carencro, was in Lafayette Thurs
day. Mr. Couvillon reports that
the crops in his section of the par
ish are in first-class condition. 1
Joseph Landry is having a dwell- I
ing house built in McComb's addi
tion.
Constable Sale.
In accordance with the parish stock law
and by virtue of the authority vested in me,
I have taken possession of and will sell for
cash, to the last and highest bidder at the
justice's office in the 8th Ward, between I
legal sale hours, on
Saturday, July 10, 1897,
the following property to-wit: One brown {
heifer with a white head. N. BREAUX,
Constable 8th Ward.
Constable Sale.
In accordance with the parish stock law
and by authority in me vested by virtue of -
my office, I will sell for cash to the last and
highest bidder in front of the court-hou se in
Carencro, between legal sale hours, on
Saturday, July 3, 1897,
the following described property to-wit:
Five head of cattle.
ANATOLE CORaI ER,
Constable 6th Ward..
Constable Sale.
William Guidry vs. Unknown
Owner-State of Louisiana,
Parish of Lafayette, 8th.
Ward.
By virtue of a writ of seizure issued from f
the 8th Justice's Court and to me directed,
I have taken into my possession and will
sell to the last and highest bidder for cash,
in front of the justice of the peace's office in
the eighth ward between legal sale hours,
on
Saturday, July 10, 1897,
the following described property to-wit:
One sorrel mare. N. BREAUX, -
Constable 8th Ward.
I
Notice.
Notice is hereby given that hereafter the
corporation pound will be at Veazey's d
stable. D. J. VEAZEY, Marshal. n
Notice. h
Notice is hereby given that having been 11
appointed inspector of live-stock under or
dinance of the City Council of Lafayette,
La., adopted May 3, 1897, I will enter upon i
the discharge of my duties thereunder on
July 1, 897y. S. W. MCFADDIN.
Lafayette, La., June i9, x897. j
Constable's Sale.
Eustrope Badeau vs. Unknown
Owners-ist Ward, Lafayette
Parish, La.
By virtue of a writ of seizure issued by
lion. C. Brandt of the Ist. justice's court
in the above entitled cause and to me di
rected, I, the undersigned, have taken into
my possession and will sell to the last and
highest bidder for cash, in front of the
justice of the peace's ,Alice at Scott, between
legal sale hours, on
Saturday, July 3, 1897,
the following described property to-wit:
Five head of horses. A. CHIASSON,
Constable Ist. Ward.
June Ig, 1897.
Will Buy Cane.
We desire to inform the
public that we will pay the
market price and are now
ready to enter into con -
tracts for cane to be de -
livered either by cart or car.
Our representative is at the
factory.
S. GUMBEL & CO.
The Pavorite
SUMMER RESORT!
POINT 0 UPS
These springs are the favorite resort of
this section, the mineral properties o;
whose waters have a wide reputationf
and now that they are almost on the
line of railroad since the completion of
the Midland Branch, they bid fair to
become even more popular.
REDUCED RAILROAD RATES
From all points from Lake Charles and
Franklin, one fare for round trip, until
Sept. 3'. Tickets good for 3o days.
Only Ten Minutes Drive from
Iota, the nearest station on the Mid
land Branch running from Crowley to
Eunice. Conveyances will meet all
trains.
HUNTING, THING,
Good hunting and fishing in the imme
diate vicinity. Target gallery, lawn amuse
ments and every conveniance to contribute
to the amusement of visitors. The bath
houses have been thoroughly overhauled
this spring.
Terms $1.2 Per Day .bathing
included. The fare waitbe the best biain
able. Address.
MRS. G. MILLER, Proprietress.
Post-office: Crf-e iile, La.
on the Excursion
TO HOUMA!
Train Leaves Lafayette at 6:30
Sunday Morning, June 27.
XL.St '='3.ir.1 Of It!I
ONE DOLLAR and FIFTY
CENTS
For the Round Trip.
The Breaux Bridge Band will be on board.
Dancing, base ball, bicycle races and many other
amusements will be afforded the excursion
ists at Houma.
An opportunity to meet people from New Orleans, as there will be
an excursion from that city to Houma on that day, given by
Morgan Lodge 214 B. of R. T.
Remember this excursion is givesn by Morgan Lodge No. 317 Brotherhood of. Rbalroad
Trainmen, of Lafayette. --